V ! t. For thu Ex A WARNING, TO THE OVER-WORKIN- i ONE. G Stop now ! Listen to the - working br&in- - 'Tii trying hard jour ear to gain, whirln to Ut i r 41 iu dizzy -It teems the steam is in a boil. And need a fresh supply of oi', ; A if it did most surely try, Off in a tangent for to fly, And get away from toll and ft weal, And leave "unfinish'd roo'i 8 to lei 1" iSlop now. Attend I and bend jour ear to know That heart's quick palpitating throe. That nery minute takes a restaur th's should be a warning tett And then succeed the weak'ning Mml The warning lamp that nothing trim?, Kfpose aluno can ieelifre-a- r 1 hat lackin rest, will soon ex ni re. He wise "in time'' an-- if your health, -es' "at wo akh Tcr jru irtru y""rain Stop now! So I listeii'd and .1 found . Knoujch of heart and brain' still tound, To redeem The wholo machine, If I put "the Brako" upon All. the work through which I'd gone; : So right there, and then, I dropt .. A 1 my labor, and I stopt.. And sho k myself from every chain And rambled on the mountain ida'-nn A spirit onco again, "Without an ache without a rain, : : A world of wealth In luscicuS health, Because I heard -The spirit word, (And did obey Without delay) 1 , free-bor- . , V G S. L. Stopnow. Uaknah - f'ny. T. Kinu. 6M A N'S KX 1 ON KN T Sisters Hancock, Graham, 1 luges, Walker, made Sonne, liaker and lUchards, each various subjects of king-o- n remarks,-pe- a interest which were Inmeficial to those present. The meeting was then dismissed We wish tho Exbv singing mid prayer. ponent success and its Editor prosperity. tho mt'etincs in the 11th Ward as often as IKKssiblo. By listening to the inthu'tions given there,. we are better able to speak to, Wo miss our Iate and instruct others. President much; feel that there is one missing from the circle and; that wo have 1f'll us with kindness: - she iencourafred and Yours President. helled us, and set an example we all should Elizabeth Willie, ' 1 strive to imitate,by i earning her lessons well, E. J. Baker, Clerk. and attending otr meetings punctually. Wo .will ask our older sisters to come in occaBnifiiiAM Uity, August lth, 1873. and talk to us and cheer us up. I sionally, l.n.iv knrli nno wnnnl: fl flW Dear Editor I appreciate your excellent .......M lili sisters of my paper and know that many words. I want you to help me all you can, it :i great and;iet us be interested and do all the good receive it as blessing; wishing of that instrument an it success and considering lays within our power to do. knowin disseminating light, great worth, Counselor Miss Ceclia Condie said: "I am ledge and. truth, with every principle pleased to meet with you again. I often calculated to :eiinghteuxexalt,and-preiKi- f think r tho instructions our late President it I wish of us for a broader sphere action; gave us, whjeh wo should try to remember a- - moref-e- x tensi veireula t ion-- Ti ie iiieuW and prom oy. lei us 1101 nmiu m feel Relief our of bers Society generally novelM reading but rather read our own i ton to i u i hei n to r t cast a re and: ready well, Church books. I have eglecttd to read lies efore us; we assisUn good works as 1 should have done, but with and one hundred raised upwards of twenty the .help of the Lord I intemd 4o reform. for the dollars thispring, special purine fahalia Jenkins said: If (unselor-Mrs- . of assisting inTgatlierJng tlie i)oorj which, wo neglect our duty we are liable to grow i with what; we hadpreyiously gaUiered-f- or 1 leei to snstam lukow-arana lnainerent. tluU purpose, amounted to over two hun- otirPis!denttticl-lo":iiHi- tt dred dollars, this amount we sent to assist assist her. I am satisfied that she will do in emigrating Saints this year, whllo we her best. Let us all try to speak; the Lord are trying to do the best we can with our has said of His servants, that if they stand means for the benefit of our poor at home " up and try to bear testimony, lie will puts and jur Society generally: ; and I think He words into their Harriet A. Snow, President. will do tho samemouths; for us. Miss Loviniallaigh made a short address. 1 873. : Th e Tokervillo Relief 11 Miss Carrie SavilLsaid she was pleased August th, Society was organized June 1 1th , .1868. with the meeting and would like very much We have not made as much progioss as to 1 ocome a member of the Society. Miss some, but as a Society, are trying to de the Lizzio Edwards, Miss Hannah Jenkins; Miss Misa Lucy Smith arid Secrebest we can. The sisters are united in their Wo have helped the tary Mary A. Jenkins, each made a few efforts to do poor at homo and abroad, and donated what , wo could for the building of the Temple, we were read. President Miss Mary E. Bailey stated that also have shares in the Washington Cotton store at this about the last request their President made Factory arid the placebesides some means in the Treasury, of thorn before her death, was to keep their Yours respectfully, meetings, and what was said in them, per M. Sarah Wilms, President. fectly acred; and Miss Bailey desired all FA V Shlsbury, ) Ck)uni(0lorg to remember it. were made for f Ann IIiguee the next Appointments ANNre Jackson, Secretary, meeting, and meeting was adjourned for two weeks. Ann HifJREE, Treasurer. Singing, "Lod dismiss us," etc. Dkar Editor; I send you a brief report Benediction by Counselor !Mrs. Mahalia of a meeting held August Cth, 1873, at the Jenkins. residence of Brother E. R. Young, Sugar House Ward, President Mrs. Sarali Gibson Tho following is from Cedar Cit', Iron and prayer the County, Aug. 12th, 1873. presiding. After singing financial report for the past year was read, On Thursday, tho 2Gth of June we held our and satisfactorily received. Much erood annual meoting in the Social Hall. Meeting instruction, was given and a good spirit oponed, by singing,"Come let us anew" etc.; pre vailed many sisters bearing their testi Prayer by Counselor Annabella Ilaight; monies, and expressing their willingness to singing, "Arise O glorious Zioiij?,etcj llm-ute- s do all in their power for the upbuilding of previous meeting read and accepted. of the Kingdom of God on the earth. Tho reading by the Secretary Of the yearly With, kind wishes foi the success of the financial report showed that there was a little means still in the Treasury'aud that Exponent, I am yours affectionately, , E. Sarah Wheeler, Secretary. the articles donated had been economically disbursed. Remarks by President Irs. Miss M. A. Jenkins, Secretary of the Rachel AVhittakerin which she advised tho Young Lady's Retrenchment Association sisters to donate liberally of their means to of the 4th Ward, favors us Avith minutes of help gather the poor; mothers to set a good their Twenty-Secon- d meeting, held in 4th example before their children, to .teach Ward Relief Society Room, July loth, 1873. them to pray and send them to Aftert he" opening ceremonies President School, and recommend Miss Mary E. Bailey spoke as follows: It is prayer. Several of the sisters expressed a very difficult taskJfor mo to arise and their to help to gather the poor. willingness speak to you; still, I wish to do. all that Benediction by Mrs. Ann Elizabeth Webster. ' is required of me; and as I am placed in the : Ellen Lunt, Secretary. position of President, I know it to be my duty Accommnying the above rcix)rt was an to set an example by, speaking. If we come address composed by one of the sisters.and to meeting; with light hearts and determin- read at the supper table of a Surprise party ation to perform every duty, the Lord will to their President, Mrs, . Rachel bless and help us. I would like all to attend given Whittaker, in commemoration of her 65th l lwl Vv .1. thelrihich . "S W "W W W 1 T m . - - . , , " ; It. S. REPORTS. Sarah-Jenkin- s, - -- Spring City, August 5th, 1 87:5. We held our annual meeting, June Gth, which should have been held May 1th, but:on account of sickness which prevailed at that time, meeting was dispensed with for fear of spread i ng the fever, which .see ms t o have jsulMdejl 'gentjT' hespoko y cry encou ragi ngly , to the sisters, wiid they had gone far beyond his expectations, and thought they had done exceed ingly well under t heir d rcu instances; He gave some very good advice. We have been taking your paper the past year and wish to continue taking it, it is a very good little paper and we wish it -- " - good success. ; - We remain as ever yours respectfully Mrs. P. Benson, Meeting at. 31eridon, August 7th, 187.' . The meeting was openend in the usual After manner, by. singing and prayer. which, Sister Maughan, of Logan, gave us a very interesting discourse upon the duties of the sisters, some of the chief joints being for them to take proper care of their children, to train them up in the way they should walk; to be careful and close their doors before retiring to rest at night for they knew not how soon some person, or persons, who were not hdhest- - might make an attempt to appropriate another's property to their own interest, or perhaps do Worse; for the sisters not to labor so hard, so that they -might enjoy more- - fully thcrpirit"of "their calling. Her remarks were few and to the point. Our President,Sister Elizabeth Willie, then made a few very appropriate remarks upon the principles of the Gospel; endorsing the remarks of Sister maughan. She was followed by sisters Meria Baker ; and . Sophia Anderson (Counselors) who spoke upon the necessity of our living our religion and being obedient to the Priesthood. Co-operati- ve y.r----. ; . - 1 ; 