rtrl'iaii W 40 the LxHesest..' '.I For THE "WAY THEY DO. , said . w niu;uuuucue iuiv dancers and the laughing boys ami 'girls about the swings. Hut then Charles you know you would miss him and besides the dearfellow might feel a little sad to think you could really enjoy such an excursion wi thou t him ; of he might return during your absence to find onJy an empty house, and, in his lonel iness. he think vou ungra teful for all his " discriminating has much to answer for in. Fern "Fanny raising up a regnucuiui uiwaiu-imuBflu- in,tneianuranuas AX'Xl'OX K'JfT, . Has. critic Som'e 0 it intention of showing my claws tins morning, it is a very convenient theory, since sne is not here to speak for herself; and I may lay the burden of my sms upon her without the iur u. least uanger oi uemg uikuu iu u kja iwuiuwui r( l iiriw' Mrs. . .oiuiiiii' okjuo , . . ht Aunty that if you knew where lo procure a horse and saddle, you would go yet'-Ycdo: not xeae,' until Baby,:with alUthOsoUcK tude of JiJullJIcdgcd woman, lisps forth, in m -- imitation of Aunty's rather impatient exhortation, "No-o- , mine muzzer, don't 'ou bawl about it," and sets you to laughing in a m spue oi you 1 j Then you rise, kiss the little comforter, , fnn nmi oar( bathe your eyes, finish the decoration of Yqu decide thatr such a, thing would be X'fitll' norenn on1 nnivirtmnnt niwl i4fsv1 too dreadful; and mentally kissing the object ignoring the dainty materials for a dinner of a ms sentimehtalism, and vowing you which was to conso le you for a slight like 1.1 , n i 1,.,. .ma n,ftii fi;w ,jux au. wuuiu nut. uun taKe cnanre oi ltose- lue uimis, you uecr .aunty io .'iccuuua sit down to toll th Kvrnvrc!! r;prrt)erpreimmirJorrnm to Tarn goipg all thought of going ancTbotake to about it; hoping in your secret- soul that 7: If mission I than a defiant. Contradict me if household duties as a lovintr wife yourself should. "hn will rLci n n i i,n fn,iino,',f uare. you Late in tho evening, the last before the thus proving that his conscience pricks him. for the ride, your dear Charles However," you have no idea that he; or oapppinte(I I ..ifi , ,w mUf You are deliLrhtfid to soo him-voreturns. nnn " " . ; . . , , h n vnn fniilrl filmnst tniinh t 'flint ,'"v i:i entiaoi. so you are to ourJlusH until next morninc after more imnortant rfninti fhWt ih henytrgaraeints d Tyou .men- - scores or wivesyoung- - ando!drin dmilar : me nuinff party. , our loru pncKs up circumstances will exclaim "Isn't that the ,,:nTr77?i muzzer 'IF r Hi lriiii u ' - mil' in vi i .i.iiiiiiv .iii .iiiiii vv covon vnn wi Vfc nnawotjvui itj ff Vi f ; "And it is now after plaude your fixed resolution to learn a lesson whom you greatly respect mo to rig up a frojrrthisjexperiencc1, and, "where you can fiyAreMjlH rWn7er15o(ly: Knows Tiow sultry and team now, but I'll tell you what we'll do;TTn the Mure. falTea ' oppressive the summer has been thus far. I'll go out in town for some nice L. L. groceries I). Every breath of. air stirs up dust in a state while you dress Baby in her prettiest dress, of Avhite heat, the chickens drag thbir wings and we'll have a little home holiday and a be too lazy to sing i f, they MISCELLANEOUS and dinner do What cozy you together. sav, were not all "out or town." A hoot of a tree con taing a brick is the Your husband is absent on business much . .. . r , additon to Egolfs museum. of the time, androu havnrto bebotlmaster a uiinK at iiome could m aay passed quietly cut and mistress about home; your own a An English jury assessed the alue of a holiday to him, that you area thousand' own do your water and wood, your garden taken out of a 'man's leg by a dog, own marketing when you have anything times glad you had not made any arrange mouthful, to market witli but as you pride yourself ment; to go abroad. Full of happy thoughts, .Keep your store of smiles and your kind- V on your cheerfulness and independence, you set about dressing Itoselmd while Charles on his est errand. Presently he goes thoughts tor home, give to the world you do not even sigh over all this. returns laden with and parcels, overlooking only those you have to spare. The July holidays come on; and, although who runs to meet him lookinglike a .The habit of you used to make it a rule never to miss a Baby, white looking on the best side of little he tells that bird, you hurriedly every event is worth more than a thousand celebration, you have not the heart to attend "Brown and them" encount?red him over this time, lecausc Charles is still absent and pounds a year. "Dr. Johnson." town, and wonhl do in ho but nothing iht when one has a husband she does not like The Chinese have recently been organize to go alone iuto society, like a widow or old must go out with them to see what the in thir army which now numbers 300,000 were doing. He explains that maid; and so you make yourself and Hose- h bud neat and stay at; home to read not a he had wideaTjf-suehtuu riuts' uuu vu" u IUU compliment the house, but that they were irood fellows u -novels huif'Beeche and he dIaT?OviiIi Young on the heavenly bodies," and to All your boasted "independence" could Temple's comet has been observed by think - of your absent lord. "After all," not at Hamburg, and by several you teil yourself, "there would bo little as keep your countenance from falling, and M IIerr Pechule, your husband is neither blind nor a fool, other observers. It may now be considered comfort in swelling the mass of panting assembled to review the ne asts compunctiously, "Would you like to some extent a permanent member of our patriotism to go too?" "No," you answer softly, system. Its next return will be looked for glories and achievements of the past. in 1879. The holidays being over you supposo winking very hard to keep back the tears early hesaysnranrelievedTsort ma- neveryone will settle down to your dead while with the of one air who has done his whole $10 for cutting off his wife's back hair, level of laziness and. weariness, but with .a didn't "I think you Would, since Under what statute such an . nflon U glad surprise tlmtiouses you r langu id pul ses duty,: to -- to a be thereare men In the w only caiTiager ranked perfect thrill of delight, you learn that the whole village, moved by a common im- aud; I am only an invited party; but you under the head of barberous treatment and pulse of longing for a breath. Of fresh air, has anu iiunty can make yourselves comfortable shear brutality. here and have your little dinner- - together appointed a day to ride and ramble Tjie name of England, commonly supall the same as if I was with you." Then to be a corruption of the word Anglos, ""The tufijed hills among. with hasty adieux your adorable Charles posed is in And by tho nuhiDg waters." reality derived from a village near hastens away to his bachelor friends and a Sleswick in Denmark, named Anglen, wdmse This suits your mind exactly, and you day among the rocks. wish fervently that dear Charles were at No longer able to conceal vour tears, vou population was the first to join the Saxou home while there is still time to make, throw yourself face ;dow;n ward on your bed, freebooters in their invasion of Great Britian. arrangement, hr thedelightful holiday. To grieved to the heart, not "for the loss of a An Irish physician was called to examine bo sure, you "could,rgo if he should not re- day's pleasure, but for the bitterness of the the corpse of another Irishman, who had turn; for there are your old playmate Nellie discovery that all your delicate consideration been assassinated by some of his countryand her husband would give you an unheeded, was and because the slight and men. "This person," said he, after inspect-- i invitation to ride in their light wagon on the loneliness you would not risk upon ng ther body, "was so ill that If he had not putting intimation that would to like slightest you him, he would lay upon you ten times mag- - been murdered, he would have died half an go; and there arc friend Matthew and wifer nified. You think if some othT mnmW hour before." and others you could mention, who, you feel his fiinuly were prciitjLQjdJif; had aiuLhJ AiiAunwiJfriend-is-i "5u join you to thciF attendance upon her as a respectable family- - has a pet calf that enterei nvmntrwilTingly his room the family party . And you rcllcct-w- ith moth, man should, you would not have felt one other day during his absence,' ate a dozen erly pndeand tenderness how little Ko.ebud iang even after telling him you were half cakes of perfumed toilet soap; chewed into would .viyoyhn day among the- cool trees iek with to to But longing go. . slip in, an tatters all his .Sunday shirts, swallowed his . Mini ilKlinu lirni' l. w. ri .1 wtlU ilHIKi. JUjlllMiefl irilCSt :illl011'r HWO kw.1u.Ii.ra Bv last inur of socks, knocked down all his 0 ",,ou-,l- t" likeany furniture in (he hk),,,, and then quietly look v tlio 'floor until his turn.. lie roudA-rami them" were the cool thinks of. that calf J , impudence mothci .imonb .:tJiv .Ium graceful on the other de of Jordan ; - mi-ff- , ... ; - x- - StnS S J" J - rVCZ - w . ommanrr hLicf. 111 v"--"- u: n antertta J glfln . I i -- . . birds-woul- ' ' Jnyigo -- pic-nic-e- rs " to-d- ay i . of-'ayn- ind . -- . . . " j j ; - ; 1 ' 1 ! lnic; w i 51 