W oirLattejddJi OMAN'S EXPONE NT. in slender sprigs or geometrical patterns. COIRESrONDENCE , L That in black and white is extremely pretty, and washes aiJmrraWyr French calico is always desirable. It comes in beautiful de signs stripes iirrolorar harmoniously min gled or in dark grounds, black, brown or wood tints, interspersed with bright bou- Th eyare tj u e tsra n es tooned w7i t Ii vines.make a very dressy, and, coquettishly made, becoming morning toilette. They cost from .23 to 30 cents a yard and are a yard wide. American calicos wc find now at ante-wa- r prims designs, but not in texture. They are so cheap, however, that they can Iks often changed, if one does not take the making , into consideration.- df . - It js not in good taste to ornament calico ress'es d elaborately. The most popular style Editor (J enoa, tapering are very suitable, or brilbuttons Oxydized liant pearl, medium size. We doubt whether any style of calico dress can ever rival the blouse, fitting easily and "loosely, andfull fikirt with rgoredfronL -- This la becoming to most figures. New Yorker." Moore's J'Rural A writer in tho Ixm- don "Illustrated News" says: By the way, touching waterproofs, I think I can give travelers a valuable hint or two. For many years I have worn India-rubbwaterproofs but I will buy no more, for I have learned that good Scottish tweecT can be made perfectly impervious to rainj and, moreover, I have learned how to make it so; and for the benefit of my readers j I will here give the recipe : In a bucket of soft water, put a half a pound of sugar of lead and half a pound of Waterproofing. er Dec. Italy, 21), 1872. Woman's Exponent: . I attended the London Conference of the baints, with much satisfaction. In company with Mrs. Thompson, Miss Clara Little and Elder Junius F. Weils, Who kindly proffered to escort us, I spent one day in making calls among the Saints. I told brother Wells that lavished to see the poorest Saints in LondonIIe said he would take us to those in lowest circumstances of any in the city and then to those who possessed the most of this world's goods; although, he said,, outside the city are some much more destitute than those within onr reach. ,1AU vhbm;.wel.Yisited seemed cheerful and happy. We found one family in enough In reached by a dark, narrow, winding stairway, who apparently had to "work their lives out, to keep life in." In a small room that I could nearly reach across, the mother and two daughters were busy at their "annual" employment, with scissors, paste, guilt tri mm i ngs, past board , wire and - rib-bons, making boxes of all fanciful forms and sizes, for a .wealthy merchant wholurnished the materials, and paid them at a ver.y law figure for their. Avork. --We spent the evening at brother Howe's where we were genteelly entertained and had not only the pleasure of the society of our Palestine tourists, but of a goodly number of mission aries from Utah. At Rotterdam we put up at the "Bath Hotel," a commodious building eveything in excellent order, and scrupulously clean. Cleanliness seems to be a characteristic with hotels in Holland; and, admitting industry to be promotive of neatness, it must also be a national characteristic. No can candid visit this person sensible, without according to the people country the .credit of industry, and indomitable perseverance. Most people think they do well toxultivate. ..the, ground a ftcritlia made, but the Hollanders make much of the ground they cultivate, and when made and culti-- , vated, it requires constant labor and expense to protect it from inundation. They must, as a matter of course, be honest, they have not time to be otherwise. The wise policy of the Butch, brings wealth: they import raw material of every it when kind manufacture- - it For manufactured. instance, they purchase particii-larrlptitu- fe an-uiq)er-r- oomf : powdered alum ; stir this at intervals until it becomes clear; then pour it off into another and bucket, an( put r for twenty-foube in let it hours; then hang to without it up dry, WTinging it. Ttfo of my party (a lady and gentleman) have worn garments thus treated in the wildest storm of wind and rain; withbuf gMtinet7 The rain hangs upon the cloth in globules. In short, they are really waterproof. The gentleman walked, a fortnight ago, nine miles in a storm of rain and wind such as you rarely see in the South, and when lie slipped off his overcoat, his underclothes were as dry as when he put them on. This ist I think, a secret worth knowing; for cloth, if it can be made to keep out wet, la in every way better than what Aye know as American lard, and then, after multiplying waterproofs. its value, in their factories, sell it I noticed in the form of candles. Blanc Mange. Four tablespoonfulls, ornaments of gold on their h to one quart women wearing or three ounces, Of conspicuous some of' milk, Disolve the corn in some of the heads, which were very milk. Put into the remainder of the milk, of the size of a silver dollar and some much four ounces of sugar, a little salt, a piece of larger and was informed that those ladies lemou rind, or cinnamon stick, and heat to were wives of wealthy farmers, and that near boiling. Then add the mixed corn, they .wore those ornaments to represent: T" ,' and boil (stirring it briskly) four minutes: their wealth. I could notj)as's over this very interesting take out the rind, and pour into a mould or of the world, in silence; but in cup, and let it stand until cold. When cold small portion and turned out, po,ur round it any kind of writing to the "Deseret News,' my brother its inhabitstewed or preserved fruit, or a sauce of milk has said so much about Holland,iLshalL-aio; t ants, -- shipping,, canals, etc, and sugars attempt description. Suffice it to say, I delicate and more tender A Rennet. enjoyed my visit in that kingdom, iminensly rennet common is the curd than produced by Itotterdam,' the Hague' Haarlem and coats is said to be made With the rough Amsterdam, from which we returned to and which: line the: gizzards of turkeys Rotterdam en route to Antwerp in Belgium from clean of fowls, lake a number theni, thence to Brussels,- - celebrated for its them the pebbles they contain, rub well with carpets and lace, which we saw and admired, salt and hang them to dry.- - When to be from which place wc visited the battle-fiel- d used, break off some bits of the skin and of Waterloo, and the next day left Belgium . pour on i t; som e ..lx)iling water; in a few en route for Paris, where, including one day's hours the liquor is ready for use, and is to visit to Versailles, wc spent five days very be used the same as other rennet. pleasantly. the-garment-th- erein, i OF MISS SNOW. Dear Lula : -- xnade coat aud-e'xiw- rt - . : corn-starc- ". , 130 - r Rain in unusual quantities has been the order of the d from the time we landed in Liverpool until now, with few exceptions. Large tracts of cultivatedlandwith fencingnearlyoyeredj and in many instances, houses entirely surrounded with water, sometimes on one side of the railrod,nat presented ocean scenes rather than those of "terra firma." But with all the rains and floods, we have experienced but little incon- venience rthe most was in coming from N ice to this place Moverflo : had made breaches in the track, and instead of one day we were two days on the way, miles. distance one hundred and twenty-si- x no We have met with other detention. estimated the length of Some of our party all the tunnels in the above distance, to be .. at least, twenty miles. Whoever projected .. w-ofw- ater aIIIoM! a gold statue, for his courage and intrepidity. Itris astonishing to think of the amount of labor and expense requisite for the accomplishment of this Herculean project. Most of these tunnels Are cut through solid rock, and permanently arched, a protection against mou n ta in torre nts flowi n g i n tol h e M edi the shores of which, the railroad IMowsjTom when tunneled, or cut through the many spurs of the Alps projecting into the sea. Compared with those of England, America may boast the long herjmds, Jut, ter-rdiiea- n, .ekl nd means are concerned, Americans should doff hats in presence of this Herculean enterprize, of suthern so far-a-work- -4i France and northern Italy. morning we leave for Turin. To-morr- ow Eliza ( R. Snow. Written for tha Exfoxkst. BACHELORS. "Gentlemen" (?) say they can't afford to marry for fear the extravagiinces of women would work their financial rum. All bosh! The meanest kind of humbuggery! Watch the manJhat inakesJhis excuse, Jind you will find him intensly selfish, wrapped up in self, lavishing every cent he possesses on self, hugging himself and caring for no one in the world but himself. Follow ,: the history of his career, from youth to middle age; see if he ever did one noble action. Tho record of his life will be self. In youth he will whine over the extravagance of the girls, of theU follies, o fashionable outcry happens to be against women. In middle age he makes it his business to sneer at women, but begins to think ho had better marry, that he niay have somebody to nurse him in sickness, who must bear with his ill humor and .inIn old age pity Tiny one consistencies. who has the trouble of him! In -- his secret soul he wishes he had married when young, would give all he is worth if he had a wife to tormentr Tli e envy and bitterness of his poor old soul flnalljr takes him out of this state of existence, and eyeybody who has had to put up with his . selfish whims is thankful that he has gone. Such individuals are looked uion with astonishment, by happy Husbands and fathers, who wonder why they never marry and think the poor old bachelor a great fool to live so long Without wife and children. Those who have had anything to do with old bachelors, will know this is no fanciful sketch. A Married Woman. . -- -- -- -- J 31ISS0UKI iias taken a step in advance, by the introduction of a bill in its legislature making seduction a crime, will the bill become law? It should. -- 