W 0 MAX' S E XPL ON EKT. paradise; and warmly reciprocating, tries with her to keep everything neat antl orderly, that both may have time fpr enjoyment and mental improvement. He will not absurdly imagon his part, it i3 ine that with no an easy Uung for his wife to keep articles of use in their proper places; that if, is her duty alone and not his in the least, to think of and look after all these things. But when a thought occurs to his mind, of some little improvement that might be made in the domestic arrangements, he .pleasantly suggests the same to her, never. thinking to find fault or seek to govern where his rights do not extend. Thus the true man and the true girl are mutually and continually blest with the love and conlldence and assistance of each other, where fortune has them' -, pains-takin- g , tQgetlieivrC .kindly-brought- SUFFRAGE. WOM.), m - e ?r-- clieeiw iy give place anoM-esoiution- VISIT TO OGDEN. A nobly applying their efforts to benetiUiumanity in every laudable manner, let me assure them ' On the oUth of October, accompanied by Mrs.. that theyi have coworkers, who are alive to the B. W. Smith and Mrs, P. Woodruff, ih' response interests of the great cause of Zon, both in ' to an invitationfroiu .President 3Irs?J. S. Richj Ogden and vicinity. ards, I met with a large, assemblage of the :l Eliza R. Snow. Belief Society, in the Tabernacle in Ogden City. While viewing the numerous congrega' i tion, which was 'principally' composed of ladies, HOME AFFAIRS. with faces beaming with expressions of kappi? A lakge iron inanufiicturing company has ness, and intelligence, the thought forced itself been la tel y orga n i zed wi th a cap i tal of $250,000, upon my mind, that, if those meddlesome who are making piteous moans over the Hie works of which Will be located in Ogden. "poor, oppressed women of Utah," could take AVe would again call attention to the list of one unprejudiced look at the imposing,, interestagents which appears in our columns, and again ing and cheery sight presented in this Taberna- solicit additions to it, from settlements not recle, they would henceforth and forever, withhold thereiii. n: v; the pusillanimous sympathies they so lavishly presented m SIk uli flip Hro. TkA AtirLaupVjliiHl waste inour he fifth anniversary bt the massacre at That Prof. Monch, yielding to the interests of j was brutally tne society, smisstnt nis sc hoo I at an unusual Haun's MilljJSIissouri, where lie woii nded by t he mob.: '"T hour, to give his many young Jadyjstudents an An Appeal to the Terri torial- - Teacher's As-- : opportu nityjof attending theineet in g, is : Bation7""wlucIitiapiTeaTO : worthy of note.. papers, has unintentionally been crowded out J iot-- i tereU u gLsi&Hi, and c'ver of o u r present iss ue, but w i 11 be given space in eye was riveted to tlie' beatitifuL. procession, as in double iile "these young ladies marched our next. es have lately ocdown bile of the "of theTabeniaele, Sevekal shiiioujj-aeeidenand. with m reserved curred in and about some of. the mines in this in front of the stand, vh ich was Tern tory; among which we note with much occupied by President F. D, Richards and regret, the loss of an eye, and other severe inother prominent gentlemen including Prof. juries to Mr. Ben Hampton, while he was per-so- 10 s v ' ; ns ; ' nn-M- 1 tne ionoiii wnieii appear in summary of JlWoman's Journal," Oetr2oth, with a re quest to each newspaper in the United States "' o republish them. V OS 1 acir-cumstan- ce ts loiig-aisl- The American Woman Suit rage Association lipid it vrvuceessfulAnntvrv-ancUAn -- ior-ilumi-tie- arly nuarMeeting in New York and Brooklyn, Oct. 13th Mid 14th. The Convention was large, The ions. proceedings werer5spi ri t ed -- a nd ha r111011 Went-wort- h T. Col. Great enthusiasm prevailed. Higginson presided and made address.- Letters endorsing the movement, were read from Hon. George Wm. Curtis, Win. Lloyd Garrison, Lydia Maria Child, Elizabeth Stuart' Phelps, Louisa M. Alcot and others. Eighty-s- i x delegates were present, representing organized societies in fourteen states and Territories. The Annual Report shows that Woman Suflae is established and works well in Wyo ming and Utah, that it was under discussion last winter, iulil State Legislature?,and received a majority vote in those of Maine, Iowa and Michigan" Written reports were read from 17 the-openin- g - lCTTeh71fter coudoWnglils m to the entrance) President Mrs. Richards and her eflicient Board, Mrs. 1 Kimball, Mrs. IMx-to- n and other prominent ladies and, of course, your honored correspondent. of I regret my inability to give ie's-nadmiration was too ab the young lad sorbing for mimerieals. They were all dressed neatly, ami tastefully, 'Avithout exibiting any of those exuberances of style, at war with genteel figure and graceful bearing; while their countenances glowed the'-numbe- Anotiieii petition in the form of a memo rial has been produced by the "Mormon Eaters," praying Congress to pass laws for the correcting of evils among the "Mormons." Another death and funeral will likely follow, and then another resurrection in some other form. Utah it as- never known a more glorious n Summer, than that which has hung about her hills and valleys for tlie last three weeks, and if ever her majestic beauty and graceful loveliness, were calculated to inspire theartist or the poet-w- i tli'thoughtssublime-i- t has beensince the middle of last month until the present time. Travelers who A'isit this Territory dur . ing this delightful season of tlie year, may con-sider themselves exceedingly fortunate in their choice of time for ''doing" our "Mountain Home." r ry - Mate. Julia Ward,HoAva.was :,e!lecteuiPresident for the ensuing year; Lucy S tone. Chair happiness, and their strictly attentiveianner man Executive U0111 miffed during the meeting, manifested a power of are Vice President Presidents at with-healtlipbeautya- nd Henryt, noble intellect and , moral feeling, indicating Large Wilson. Hon. George Wm. Curtis, Senator Wm. Lloyd Garrison and Col. Higgin- that they realised that they too, had aii interest in the progress of the great' work of womanly son. The Resolutions adopted are as follows. Sar-gean- ; RESOLUTIONS. Resolved, That the primary aim of is the to American Woman secure the ballot for woman; while it includes, of. her in its general directions. all in equality of rights adult popuRtsotVEDrThTit arc legally who lation of the United States entitled to hold property, who are assessed for taxes and punishable for crime and whose interest in the Conimonwhealth is in no respect less than that of the other half, should not be of an equal voice in the government. 'deprived people Resolved, That a government of the ofmen must be 'government composed equally and women, inasmuch as the equal of the sexes is essentially alike, to a happy home, a refined society, "a Christian church and ar ? Republican State. Resolved, That our present political system is not fairly representative, even of men, being by largely controlled in the primary meetings rings of trading; politicians intent on private gain; that political reform 'must' enlist a more general interest on the part. of the people in the management of public business; and that" this would be greatly promoted by combining the of women ill the primary social meetings, at the polls, and in the halls of legislation. Resolved, That we advise the friends of Woman Suilrago in every locality to promote the- Movement morally and politically, by organizing local societies, for circulating tracts and newspapers, Tor holding public meetings, and especially for helping to elect the friends of Suflrage and to defeat its enemies. Resolved, That the Woman Suflrage Movement, like every other reform of .the Age, laments the loss and honors the memory of its most powerful advocate, John Stuart Mill. Suffrage-Associatio- n ,-the-establishment one-halfTof-t- he co-operat- ion -- -- co-operat- . -- . ' ;V development. After the close of tlie mejtingTsisters Smith and AVoodrufl' returned hoint I stayed the next daywhichl spent with much pleasure and profit '. In-dia- LOVE OF THE BEAUTIFUL. teyselfT cohneteion withotherc:alls, sister Richards and I visited Professor 3ronch's sclu oi, in . a : com i: Pla(!e a young girl fluder the care of a modious room neatly litted up "'witlT7iiiiture" graceful woman, and she un"and The teacher imported from the East- consciously to herself, grows into a graceful our interview students, all seemed happy, and lady. . Place a boy iu the establishment of a 'thorough-going- ,; was exceedingly interesting. After other straightforward business t, on the music we were entertained with man, and the boy becomes a piano, and sons by the pupils. We could see practical' business man". Children are susat a glance that, "order, heaven's first law,,' ceptible creatures, and circumstances and reigned in thatlnstitution.otwilii tyrannical scenes and actions always impress. As you sway, where "power is might, and force de- influence them, not by arbitrary rules, nor -d cides," but a government wielded by kindness,-an- by stern example alone, but in a thousand other ways that speak through beautiful clothed with the mantle of love." forms, pretty pictures, etc., so they will It will beiratifying to those i nterested in grow. Teach your children then to love the . iiunianprQgress. to hear that Piof. OIonch is beauHful. th em-aIf you a re able-giv- e . . j. i i ia lkiiL'iininr.n" muu: si l'iiiiiiu -alth vj iauucu,u "." comer in the garden for flowers; allow tneni much and , neglected study of I hysi-important, fhnir favnrita treos: teach them to ology. wander in the prettiest woodlets; show ; . atlea.-tI was'miich pleased to learn that, two, them where they can best view the sunset; classiof this class, design to obtain a thorough rouse them in the morning, not with the cal education, to qualifiy themseiyes for the stern "Time to work," but with the profession?'. I say, suVce.to theni, as thusiastic, "See the beautiful sunrise!" "Buy well as to all those in Salt Lake City and else- - for them pretty pictures, and encourage thrin to decorate their room in his of her where, who are studying for the same object. In the afternoon we visited the-- branch-o- the childish way. Give them an inch, and they Relief Society in JUvcrdale, presided over by twill go a mile. Allow them the privilege, and they will make your home pleasant and and had a pleasant time. Mrs. Bin-ha0 JM"i Ix'atltlful. ,w.niir.umnii)Tif nf tin' zir-kind-hearte- d, exer-cise- s, self-relian- v. - 1 1 v-j- -t, 1 1 1. 1 1 1 s 1 L - j j en-medi- ! f m. 1 1 cal 