ra , . . ...... , . .. .IVOM'S EXPONENT. .. OS Oho body lias been Z. I). Young, 3Irs. iV W. Smith, Mrs, AV. East, 31 discovered which was buried standing erect, 5liss M. E. Cook, ttrs. S. M. I ley wood, rs, E. The Howard, Mrs. Priscilla Jennings, Mrs. Priseilla Chicago had a large fire oh tho 17th ult. and another with the head down of the 8th Ward, Mrs. i..The Cincinnati "Commercial" leads out Empress Eugenie is said to be growing Staines, Mrs. Xeedham with, an editorial in faver of oman suffrage, disspirited.,..Xed Duntline,! thei novelist, Acatha A. Pratt and Mrs: Ilattic C. Morris, is recommended by a Xew York paper1 as members, anl 3riss innie Home, Becretary entitled "Sex and poUUbai In three years, four hundred lepers were being fit for an:insin4.asylum4i;i..Qnpf the Occasional meetings of the committee will be Siamese Twins has been summoned to sit on called by order of the President, as may-b- e aiian "islands.' "6h"3ldl6kai ..... .Miss Clausen' a jurv. The other is invited to accompany deemed neeessarj-- , and Agents for the Expoof Point Keys is the, conductor of a dairy on him . . .. ..Lord Aberdare, is the title given to nent will be appointe'din cvpry settlement what is knownas the Swedish system........ j Mr. Bruec, lately raised to the Peerage...'.. throughout the Territory. 1 The fact is stronelv This is another step towaril carrying out the o evinced that the use of The Kim? of, Denmark has made Prince Ele of the direct Arthur a Knight of the Order tobacco, with all its other evils, leads President Young, in relation counsel to organic disease. ....."Want of sleep has phant...... The Emperor of China offers a to the given bya'u(i employments of women,.. pursuits been proven to be one of the most prolific salary of 2,4G0 per annum for a. head gar wc hope to fi nd new interest and energy xauses ef insanitiimong working people. doner.. ....Two of President Grant's sons and awakened in our many friends to aid in this .1 son of - Sneaker..J Blaine on a Fruit drying is becoming a very important "-AwnmraiH " to direction. r;r.""t z ;:.r,Z7::i3!:::;., ..:;. of (limnna...V: in some SPLINTERS IUht?....i 1 j . . . -- : lately killed by a young man Cisco was - s0 British Sovereign has visited the .: He-liITnTHtnk- ten t.t hail thaoin-im much talked of, in which it is shown thattl le Tjtru tli c haraepCalifoniia; -- ., portions industry heJargesOecxvoiLl Mi ore-p- a alburn adGrned i.with tour, ,v,i,A Baptist miuister-i- n Indiana; inflnenV?"- - Mv"r-and.- ;. examples bL the gift: of the Shah to married in two weeks after thc'death of his inothers liear over the minds of their children. ajshaiMe3IaJipn iyiferleeausey tindingno oixliPfsCpmfbrt cattle is the owner of one thousand Tjouis for the widower i n t he Bible, he took i t for Tioirortheireharaeter8;"r:7 i':ZZ77zzr-r- -' : which she lately assisted in driving from gran ted that th e Lord would not waste The lady must have beenli model wife and Texas .Cali fornia laws give a married sympathynverhim rmxHieTn ust find eonso-who was tTulsl)Tengly eomplimcnted t i on for h i msel f . . ...A n e w gniiu has been mother, W'omanrthc mme contrm that an, unmarried woman has...... An old discovered in OregQiP an(L the people are by her husband, when he was asked what he soldier named Italph 3forris, who was at the pnzzledias to vliat it shall )e called ..An intended to. do with his daughters "to apprentice them to their- moth- replied, . Battle of Waterloo, and who fought at Cor-- : iccount of a combat between two ) llocky large nrina under ' Sir Jolinidl3"relIafeiyn)een Mountain oa cries forms an interesting cr, tnat tne3T may learn inc an in inqru discovered living i n --London .... ..In less paragraplrin a late San Francisco paper. time, be fitted to become wives, mothers, heads ; than three months, more than of families and useful mnmbers in thirty women All that ii motlicr'is herself, and much more, JJtee imejiappQmtM United States. .....A snake charmer in Paris THM-S-E-X-P.OM- Nt she may help each one of a large family 7f lately died from the bite of a viper which daughters to become. And though it is hot he had beaten and then ordered to.l;is3 always the case, that ingenuous, intellectual, EDITOR. him Seven pounds of wool per head was ambitious and thrifty wives prepare their is" a the average of nock of sheep, II) year," to become like helpmeets yet good in. Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: daughters Published owned by a California farmer.. ....An elderly One tony cue yeur, H'l: uiccojv.;i.t months, SI. Tea conies mothers will raise good daughters, and a good -- lady A niPen nsy 1 van ia,-- na m eUtantan-haxi" raaelid:eilisiagL l iile? KacUj? luar?, eight &r daughterean hardly fail of niakinggood wifiv line per mouth, of.'nonpareil space,' inc time, i iier never let the lire go out a cottage but Calui.beil & em iilFstraet, Ociseral The great difiieulty generally appears'." to be, Lake City. one time m twenty-seve- n veirs. ...... A New Salt cfiinmnracaliun to that mothers do not oecujy sufilcient time and York irianufacturcr says the vbrk rj;lrs of AJJrer:s all thought i n instructing thcir daughters in the Salt lfa&.L'ityj-Uta;i; that c i tya fswt rislfwit Irrp renOTlyaltl ways of life, that they, may become themselves Americans, no Germans, Swedes or Danes. " such wives 'and mothers as will render, homes SALT LAKK CTTY, Oct. 1, IS 73. Ihe songstress, Patti, is in Iaris........A landcouimuuitiesljiessed. to know if this good A contemporaryns-anti It is arserious fact that although the life or globe is not a ball (if liquid lire Not quite, IMPROVEMENT. death, the welfare or ruin of offspring, depends yet we hope.... ...Salmon color trimmed with : on the treatment which it receives, scarcely a brown is becoming a prevailing fashion.....: 7 wlU the "11 fnendsoi t(litrEx-ratityingto a. :A late thing in bridesmaid's dress is a) word of instruction, in relation to this imporR'ain llial eonmuuee, a with veil little attached..... tant subject.is over, tmnsmittefiltoilieeonsitler cap queer long nas a C:uieu been Vousuitauou,, so has been afflicted to become pa-- r ,muiu0S ation.of thoseAvhOai'e Shreveort; Louisana, With yellow fever, during the past month, organized to act in promoting the interests of nts. Contemplate the situation of the young that not enough who were able to stand the paper, and rendering it still more "valuable mother, vho, but a few years ago, was at school, r could be found to wait on the sick. Horse as a representative of the ladies of Utah. treasuring in lier memory only such words and A primary 111 veting of the eommittec Was sentences cars are denounced as a great nuisance by as she found in hergrammar, spelling tho Commission of Police in London, and held at the residence of Presideiit George A. book and reader; and using her reasoning pow the probability is that street railroads will Sm i th , on the 2S th nl t , when M iss Cornel ia ers oniy.to solve raatiiemat'cal problems. The so in cease to exist thefer in the heart of the Home was nominated and appointed to act 'as General Charles II. T. Collis, Business Manager; Mrs. .Sarah M. Kimball, intervening tinio she has, 'mo it iikely, passed city at least in the iractice of music, fancy work or somecity solicitor of Philadelphia, brought some Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith, Mrs. Lu L. Dal ton, Austrian olficers to book,, for insulting two Mrs. Anna Ivins, Mrs. Minerva Snow, Special thing of less importance. Or perhaps she has American girls at Vienna...... A Milwaukee Correspondents; and 3Irs. Zina 1). Young, Mrs. taken a position in the kitchen, where she has . x e I .in learned to wash dishes, to cook a n iQeriooivxo uoueoi. poison oinerjMargarctP. YouuSl Mrs. Lily Htaines, Mrs. meal of victuals. Xo and, possibly, thought of the graver re- Mrs. 3Iaiy J4;Thompsonf , Mrs. him. The ladyv does not resrret havinsr said sponsibilitiesof maternityjias been entertained; W 2dargaret iSteel, 3Irs. Klvira Barney," lira. no.. ....The capital of tho New York she, consequently, has as little understanding Roll! ng Stock Company,--! s plaeeil a t $."r000, Amanda Kimball and Mis ftarah K. Russell, of the proper care of an infant as-- it i possible- -f comm on intel I cctrt o h f ono.TAtavTinnahTtjeorgtn -- to .not intended lis editor connected with tho American press. tt in her keep her child from all Mr. Jacob Lardoza, recently died aged courage others, in the leat, from contributing ill, she is as liable to smot her it with too much Hghty-sevc- n years.... . .It has been decided iiva ny way t o the i a t crests- - of-- the-- x ton ext. wrapping, or injure it by feeding too much or that tholatc Duke of Brunswick died of Tire invitation a given in its first is'snc, for the too often, or the wrong kind of food, as she is congestion of the brain...;.. The Italians r.ro women of Utah to represent tlicmselvcs, is still to do it grievous injustice through thoughtlesssaid to have a method of preserving their extended to all; and other special. correspond- ness aiid neglect. to tho atiove list from dead, by ivhich the bodies are kept in their ents will also be Yet, in all this ignorance, an .unfolding natural shapo and rendered as hard as Mono. time to .time, as may be deeded wisdom'. character is committed to her charge, the '' The names of the Committee of Consultation ..rselaton, the .surgeon,, is molding of which could but be impcrfeetli' acreiwrtcd hopelessly M:..:;.Profeor U; TL TIo vliKdi" othcrddilifmsiu also 1k made) with the aid of the bct knowledge Pcrkins,of tho Vermont University gives as follows: Miss KlizalL Snow, Preide'it,--: complished and skill a mother can ihisseasony,An diamonds was j i Li . soL-ietj'.- " j 1 j semi-immilil- yi : Ihe-ima- 1'altt-wpn- , , -- Agents,-fcar- - .i ba.--ir.es- .- - h. ; s - i lls w I by-aiid-- by -- i - . -- 1 i- a. . ... - . Sai-alrSmitl- i, 1 1 CJ ! I-nke- j -- ora-pcrsoir- avern of 1 qver-anxie- ty K -- ' ! ad-le- hu-m- an ' ' I 1 great-Frenc- - ; h in-lu- re jkisscss. It is asserted that parents should'' raise one f! 