: k . r. urn; i , -- VV 'A 'V IK i . ' li Vol. gAlT LAKE 2. 4 - , MR. AND MRS. FRANK TOWNSEND ; & left the city on "Wednesday, to visit familiar scenes in St, George; while they drink wine witk cherished friends there, wo miss them ' - "at home. ;,- - ; : WE ARE IN RECEIPT OF FAVORS ;frpmR Fwnciscoand : . . No. 14. the dimensions of Mswinic. Oar readers Notice is given in the "Woman's Jourtomay not all know that sewing machine man- nal," of a, woman's te'a party, to be held ufacturer hare become Immensely wealthy day in Faneuil Hall, to celebrate the one on their immense profits;: and to increase hundred years that have elapsed since our their wealthpower,! they are in I league to brave- ancestors threw the tea Into Boston maintain the established extortionate prices. Harbor to prove their deteriniriation not to The, average cost of machines at the various pay taxes, while they had no representation. man u fac tu ries - is ' estimated - at $13 . 1 6. The Women Suffragists will use; the occa while Agents bring these machines to us for from sion to emphasize the fact, thatof dollars they $30 to i$125, OODufewinglachlries women pay taxes on millions should not cost us more than from $25,to $35. have no representatiom . : WWIe 1 celObrateMhej X";" MISCELLANEOUS. ':n i Be prank with! the world Frankness is the child of honesty and courage. Say what take you: mean .tbrddbnv it for granted that yon mean to dpjustwhat is right. If a friend asks a favor of you, you should gmnt if, if It is reasonable; If it is , -a ;d;tWWnt'',;..:.; -- not, tell him plainly why, you cannot You will wrong him : and .1 wrong, yourself by equivocation of any kind. - j A printing office has been opened in co with the Vienna Institute for the blind. was derfayed by the Imperial - Government Printing, Office.- Er Frahkl the superintendent believes that by special tuition his pupil will be enabled to learn the art of printing, so as to equal In dexterity those not so Iiltographen J ;r anlicjed. Two Romeos. During the celebratd competition, in the year.l749i between Garrick characteror Borneo, it andBarry in the female critic that, in the was observed by a anigarden scene, Garrick looked with such mation, and was so' spirited in his gestures, that if she had been Juliet, she should have going 6Jump upjpjier,j)ut thought s that Barry was so tender, riaelting, and persuasive that, if she had; been Juliet, she should have jumped down jtoJiira.,t ion ; Iu 1 " - ; v'-n- r.'y-ir.- 1 f - 2 -- r-" ha-wa- pro-pos- es 1 sun-shin- :3atjye,wari0a natured women 1wh sribrig-mindedandlar- ! , l 1 ; ge !will jao of dress, or of reform, or of any , one Idea; who will understand the philosophy, and recognize the beauty arid adopt the necessities of dress without .straining its possibilities; who will neither dwarf nor magnify its Importance but will know ho w; to follow fashion with; moderation and discrimination, to lead it with benificince, and make- it in all woman things a minister of is subordinate, to ;th dress,'it ,Is;:not the fault of the dress out "of iho woman.-Ga- il " ; y, 4 ii LiIt6-c6nstitute- ' CITY, UTAH, DECEMjiEtt l5, 1873. soaking of the teainBostonHarbOr, let us retf solve to let agents paystorage on machines jdocumtirjLiM looic and for until they or: their employers bring down iKey niajr. respondents, A 8JM- - IC . ; the price.rri S i, V I nt-s'l' WM.BFANSTC)CKjl. TXf ,! THE SEX. 1h;?ia treatise bArtlficiaT Somnambulism, claims that; it requires ten diflrent. functions n.'f Whitehallj weighs "faculty of tho' brain,1 viz, 400Tiieodosia Brown of on ally! allowance pounds, iri(I,li yes Conciousness, Attention, Perception, Mem-- : ry Ass()ciation; Likes, Dislikes; Judgment, of one egg arid brie; prune. ;y3.- t f u Imagmatlon, Missi ANNrELippiricott,ya daughter of made her; debut j ; "Grace iareeriwood, lately? v ANNJOYABLE;CnOlR;iPABtYl on the lyric stage at Dowagiac, Miehj Jh. initiie:15thlWard on toll j riday wasgiven Keene reared e veniner. December 12th. a commendable: Y: HAylNd NO ciiildren, 12 and bore the educational, expenses of ; her feature of which was, that it closed "at -tT v': - "I1-- ;.: two, nieces; "ariifmade" therii lier 'Belrs.1 oiock.i;:Mmri 7 , GrBTok'CoLLEGE at Otmbridge, England L AWHILE, r a new institutiprij founded to promote the we bespeak1 for ourfriehds arid- patrons h, hijher education of .women, is now open. f merryv mefry Cbristmai,u ' (' ; Tiss ELlZABETifBall, aubllnlaiiy Who died a fevv days ago, Tias bequeathed iGylQQ SANTA CLAUS'S COMPLIMENTS; forlfounding achurch and several Protestant 7 the rollincr' wheels of time bring again 'the charities. . season specially dedicated 'to. festiyity, Jand MRsrSABAir J; Hale; the editor of Gody's kindest sentimen t,' and .'.good of 7; Expressions J u. Book, is 85 years old and is still vigwished 'I After providing good cheer lor: the Lady's orous in body and .mind. She has been a we in favored the least . iaturally community, f; 1822.-:liesire to make our Immediate &iinlly( and widow since WilliaWs1 vjfe Attorney-Genera- l kindred arid ; persoriaLl friends" feel ,Hhe " Warmth 'of creriial e '.'that nils 'our to theiadies of :the -- Cabinet that no u heartsVaiid as worldly gifts are alwaysian ac refreshriients shall be pr ikuc r tertaihriierits thisywiriteraridrthat Jherion: cepiaDie meuium oi epressiou.-vt-?: upon wnub wii peajso hat-wil- uuc, Na . xm ey they" would cost be given to the po)'r. fit the.pthcr. V becomefthat orici ahd w EFFie, Moore, a greatTgranddaugh-W.o- f Then thk money question wmes upi and we rfI'Mis the widow of Ethan AUen,f'is;Hhe J J wish' the Cookes, CCo.; liaIV, all been leader' of scholarship and deportment of the lasi freshman class in the University of.Ver do'its legitimate work pay for Tionest labor. mont and State Agricultural College:at llur- Then sq, many more little, socks could have v' been ileii; arid so many more heartsr made ; . to-da- E. Hoffman, J5an Leandrp. I ...... ; -- aaXAND ACKNOWLEDGE - ' . 1 j ; ANEWSPAPER ''managed1 by;w6meriV'has a Pueblo Brexico;-an; : Many a corner that.'.was deyoted last year been established atlias Is recently married to thd' famlivChristinas Tree", must jthis year Catholic priest who gainst bo vacant; many tabled 'that (figuratively,) contributing to It a series of articles 'u groaned. undertho, weight of luxuries last the celibacy of the clergy. . Christmas, will stand, neglected by the wall ItiiLLEllJEiccA, the jiew prima dona at Is g "gala5day. And(why onitha the Italian Opera, Paris,, is a, young iufvit so,uwhile there Is: ai muhoney1 Iri ;tho lady, who enters the theatre wthia decided TTrrcQ un trypind just asf many Yood th in gs as vocatiori'rfor, the staged 4,Shbel9ngs:;tda ... formeriv ?.l!Itis i; because of' dishoriesty arid ariiiiy'.ofrhi'gh" a of with r j bad: management lack; together income of ' over 100,0o0fr. year,- and; jher j couny'c :;representa- father ; is! one of the , most- distinguislied rj financEI ability in oiir for i produ experi-j-- j savaritsXn the Sad realItiet lutivetv empir,e.r.,; unni mental government to present to ari approach-- ! Slissi Sarah E.lMlIer- has deceived an Shade" the-- picture. vAnd ; inCentenniaK engraving' Irpm' th e that it Is easier to practice award of meri t' for wood u J hoed the lesson ' 'deserved - -'- ; 'ge.rnei d ! ! Hamnton.:. '''Z'l i'uXZvnlas 4 Just isS been published. In London,' said a good many i$ things', but nothing betbright and serisibie ter than this - of DniChMriiersr 0, when the wordy doctor dobs get. hold of an argument, what a sputter he. does make, with It for dozens of ipages.. He is like a child with a new wax 'doll; he,hugs;it,:klsses it, holds feyes open it up to be adriiired, Images and shut, put3 on.it :a pink gownppats on it a blue gown, ties: on it a yellow &ash; then Viehnx-exhibitioa very well rbf patient Bkiirand effort pretends to take-- it '10' task, chatters to it, id years tribute ofi u to thefrails be.coiapelled tq'cat proud btirowd Gov- shakes it, whips it; tells it not to be so bo retrench Following this: good, examplo can all cut rib less substantial encour- - of its firie false ringlets which ernment her eives "7 7 ment.'; in'i.uh v.; yi'p"1-favor contract for rfr in ageirient In the shapo 'oY' the1 ' Work on-- mln- - again, and at last, to the releif'of all the it illustrating PxoH Bayriiorids company, puts It to bed." " Age. -- u Sewing machjne monopoly: Jiiis ieached '31 Sara Coleridge," whose? memoir; 1 iforth-coinlii- f ? l - , -- -- - t 0- -- - -- h, -- . -- .: i ng.-i-GGIae- n, ' . .. .... - 