1 1 - r .. : ' . - . til i 4T I ! Mi L :SALT,LAKE vi - .... - v ...- CiqumifrAPRIM 5id No. 22 not that the country should pay more for its I prior to the death or her late . ... . husband, who ':: es, legislation, wit that it could do with a great was postmaster in: connection with Pope Viva Nono has heen very, ill the deal less of the kind oflecrislatioh1 it has we might say, while applauding the d- Tf ti, KfilT inniA impast vveekp lie isoldrand liis death may been favored trifK fnr " "v.iiv i.vs that it UltUy commissioning of Mrs. Cunningham occur at any time. no act of the last Congress became would seem a little singular anywhere else too, that than in Utah that all or nearly all the imin. New York: iournal it naii so wen as timt 01 dying The eateSt aconv cj j v ism is a daily: illusttated newspaper; l and the The Woman Suffrae:ist3 i of California portant post offices, where7 any pecuniary wood eiits show xdLthe evidences; Of being were iin convention in San Francisco las benefit is derivable, are placed in the hands weeK, dui me Dnei leiegrapmc news re of comparatively recent settlers in the Terhurriedly got up. It by the daily papers, ritory; while the old settlers have the The Second Ad ventists of Groton. 'Ver ceived concerning so little information on the subject chance to run post offices where the pay jnoiit, fixed upon April 12, of this year, as contained, that we must wait for due course of mail to does not cover the expenses, and the work, hut aslitlwn'tithey: brlngTiiulIerreport. ftholagreat day' utobo ylone ;Hfree gratis, conuentlyyhas will have to'reffx the date. t We say this might seem be considered sad to record that for nothing." may It strange anywhere else than in Utah, but rrij Indiana. f proposes another "new de- a number of women assisted, lately, at parture" hy:taow?og vom case of "lynch ingr't at. Fort Erie. Canada here, Impartiality, .or old settlers Teceiving matter- for surprise JtiliowIu thQ propositionTOceeetl swheriwill the. foremost in deeds of daring among paying offices, would be; yet Jlassichuse tts; progress be the Paris Communists were women. It only r Horace Greeley' soon followed to the i A daughter of President Thiers of the shows how the gentleness of the sex can be tomb the woman who had been his partner French BepublicJ ulied at San Francisco turned to fierceness bv association with In life so long; and now Mrs. James Gordon Bennett w uHngthelalGwceK-'Harougli afidlbldbth remains were taken' to: Franco' for inter ari ty with scenes of violence. ; Shedied editor, follows her husband. --J r- -,j ment bitKCEvuidurwas at rine time deemed An Indiana parson determined that his cause for painful reproach has now become paper say: "She was formerly Henrietta be wanting in both fashionable, and the lady of the period can Agnes Crean, who kept a small hosiery and discourses -- shall rhvrhe and reason; delivers' them in rhyme. meet with the utmost nonchalance the former fancy goods store in William street, New cnnPMtlrmhoiildescaT)e future Dun- - husband, while she hans on the arm of York, when lower Broadway was still a Jshmerit'iifter having 'ib'tfdare such present the riresent one. Our looked place of residence. She was a bright, vivatorture ni;rrt::i itm at things differently; . but they had a kind cious woman, of large frame - and great faith in honor, honesty. vitality. At the time of her marriage, which IiChigan Uniyehsity ,has "graduated- of 'twelve ladv nhrsicians' ahd two ladp. law- esteem and love, that is little admired now; occurred at St. Peters church, in Barclay on the Cth of June, 1840, Mr. Ben ivei t His jveir : and' vet :6rne of the New Ohio has a Farmer's Club for Women," street, nett made the occasion conspicuous in the lEn inland ' States auerulously auestiori1 wb- - the members of which meet regularly to his newspaper, and afterward 'Irian's ability to practice either medicine --or discuss practical questions applicable to farm columns of faithfully recorded the birth of his children life: such as makinjr bread, best methods of in law. The West keeps in tneiront: the same manner. Four children were i Will anything1 frighten " fashionable curing fruit, how to make and keep pickles, born to a son and a them, two of whom, tt ladiesoiit of purchasing and! wearing false both sour and sweet, how to clean house daughter, survive. at one Here is another "ghost" from Uui- - with the least confusion, least destruction time Jwrote a number of letters from Europe . hair? fornia: "Somebody sold a dealer in human to furniture and most expedition, and the for the 'Herald.' and they were distin halrsomeVhair that had been cut from the like,4Fhis, certainly is,more becomlog and guished by much vivacity and dash." ' head of a small-popatient, and the dealer more profitable than the idle gossiping There has been a surfeit of horrors which is fashionable. lOOK me uisesse axiu.uieu.;; , the last two weeks. The Atlantic Miss Phcfde Cousins, who was admitted during :;. Kentucky has a town named Elizabeth, from Liverpool for New York, with a population of 2,500, which spends to the bar as a practicing lawyer in bait steamship, with over a thousand souls on board, went secure not for such a she could as in a Lake City, year, $200 day wjiisky; . $73,000 ashore on the coast of Nova Scotia, some - hundred souls, male and recognition in St. Louis, is an applicant for that twenty-flv- e twenty miles from Halifax, and nearly six female, infant, youth, adult and aged, to postmistress of the latter city, a Washing- - hundred of the number were drowned or r swallow some riinety thousand gallons of 011 paper says. Why shouldshe not be dashed to pieces. About two hundred it may be were liquid poisonr .Yery, probably they think successful? - Unless, indeed, instantaneously killed, crushed or g showhthatherTservicesrin-electioneerintern hemselys mangled, by a boom breaking loose - and as so of not valuable act that Tiii wprA Minnesota from s weepi ng over 1 n e a ccks ; n u na reus were irAND now word comes i that the' fdremaiit of one of the leading some men whose persuasive powers, or drowned in their beds; many more in their ofilces in that State is a woman. whisky expenditures, were more potent efforts to escape; while numbers died of cold, j; newspaper exhaustion and exposure in the rigging. There are peoiJe.slill who' say women are with the "sovereigns' 'soneiecuon aay. the United of the but Tin. Newman. Chaplain One lady, after hanging to the rigging for j not combetent toi become printers;" tirnrld his iiAVpr .Kpeii rid of that kindr of States SenateV and noted as coming to Salt six hours, partly sustained by one of the 1 people from whom; even practical'relucida-- Lake to shear but going away with but little officers, died still holding on with a death tlrin'will not remove such unbelief. fleece, having been appointed Inspector of grip, her clothing nearly torn and .washed, a handsome salary ana ex- from her person, and the jeweled rings that J New Jersey, legislative corruption bids Consulates atwas authorized to take a clerk littered on her tender fingers, shining with fair to outrank even Congressional Credit penses paid, him at $3,500 a year; and knowing mocking glare on the hand of death. What Mqbilierism and New York legislative- with to a fearful. sight must have wen presented! The question is not, did the- leg- hat Mrs. Newman would also like travel, Venality. was as name cleric lnis in And not a woman or child escaped; they all islators sell out to railway magnates,- but sent her - hAtr much "was mid for thenjA-uVa-.the JLI perished Kvvl'lUfj iv I'M as there will shore. A;jmojnlytfm the draw as well money mere contemplation in fancy or may might people elect their representatives they Dr. Newman, the awful scene is sickening; but what must iso bxjLHttleiLanyavork ijodo "thankrthemselves-if-tiiey-aroiwice-on not genenil principles, an t have been for the fated participants to however, is :. afflicted with the same men. of woman's rights; only as far as pass through, before death kindly came to outcry advocate 'There nAS been a very general Mrs. Newman's drawing her salary may go their relief! Since then heavy floods in me through the press against the action of the le possibly is. east have done great damage; destructive .. , .' late Congress in passing the increased salary has appointed Mrs. conflagrations have devoured property and Grant President each so that retroactive and it bill, making been of almost daily Cunningham postmistress of Provo, Utah, ife: and disasters have is acceptable occurrence, rneso are signs 01 iuc umcj, back years:Tand in some instances members and, we understand the choice the duties f tho world, would but open its eyes to note of Congress that:; voted i fcr it navo ueen o the people, as the lady performed some time heir intent. - asked to resign.' The feeling appears to be, of the offtce very efficiently, for ' . , I I 1 1 . . 1 . ..' : jost-offic- -- - - - : - - -- . ; 1 1 i a ; - . rt ... I 1 1 r ... I rently-in-Germanyandofheraneast- --n- . mr ern ? ot w - ; r- a erand-riareri- ts old-fashion- ed 1 1 Hfrs.'-Benne- kt . c '1 -- -- 1 . 1 -- -- , ? ' B - ... EDlTOBIALNOTESI,vi r. ' v . 0 I Vor; I. . : i ' ' ." - T ' m 