WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Ctesarca Phlllippi the preceding night. Wo enUc(tl6:tlij"-liclglitpAve thousand feet, over the roughest passes and trails imaginable .sometime over rocks,' apparently as smooth as .feiass, and the greatest youder f "IvaTliaturaTrmiatsi posi- je7quare wasliejd leampedjon aripperi buiifarriv bythe ing I expressed my. willingness to admit tho statement that Damascus keeps forty thousand dogstheir noise in proof. . Here as ha been Imst party wlienever consistent, we had theSac-rameadministered on Sunday. Monday - we accompanied President Smith on a visit N. Meshaka, a to the native Assyrian, who spoke English toler-kin ably.: He received ness asked President Smith many questions concerning ourpeople politics, religion, etc. spent an hour or more in earnest conversation, and expressed himself much gratified with the call "which he returned In tho Before-w- e an attendant . left, evening. served to each a tiny cup of , coffee contain-i- n cr about half a gill, which, as a national token of friendship, courtesy prompted us nt sul, usitharked to accept. Eliza WOMAN PRINTEPvS. cut very small. When tho materials have or become uie consistence oi noney, pour into a jar and preserve for use. :'''ZZZ'' The .following, from4 the New York Sun Lemon and Suet Pudding. Take some of a late date, commends itself to all interested in woman's work. The point made suet and cut it small, currants, sugar, grated . .1 i i ' relative to women not being employed on gingereggunu shows the necessity for crumbs; mix them into a paste, roll them morning papers, work for themselves "at into balls; tie up in a buttered cloth, and boil women, making case," i n which they would not be compelled tnem tor twenty minutes. . to be out at, unseasonable hours, nor be subSugar Biscuits. Mix two pounds oj jected to a task which tests the strength of flour and the same quantities of powdered the strongest men: sugar and good'butter with nutmeg, cloves, "The subjoined communication not only and mace. Make them into paste with some relates to a subject of abiding interest, but milk or cream: Roll Inter a thin layer," cut indicates that its author is in some into squares, prick them with holes, and it , bake them on tin plates. 7 To the Editor op the Sun. m. wo Vienna-CeeaThe 7vhites-of- -t Sir: Will not' the editor of the Sun give two currant ounces two of red jelly, eggs, to a few working women as employment sifted of ounce one ounces of raspberry jelly, compositors, who desire to earn their daily and intobeat a all :bowl,; put bread honestly, or some of the advocates of 111 a serve a rises into thin irotn;.; until it working women who are continually preachof or custard dish quite Though cups. glass ing but never practice what they preach? a dark shade of:red when beginning to whip Areve to staryeibec m is- becomes it," it paler and pM fortune to be women? rises;, and whennisiie Pleaseinsert ithis, and pbssiblyrSomeone be used am of shade J elly. ' pink.. Apricot papers and: advocating, " ' also. ': ZZZthe working women's cause may give us ead CilEEsE. Boil in somewhat salted employment. Compositors.1 water thlrearskinj feetandf meat 2G. till the drops the of sides of the New York, April hog, 1 foreoff or the flesh isrquite soft. Take out and lTo cheerfully make" room- - for-t- he chop, not so fine as for sausage; season with and earnestly commend it to the letter, going towell mix pepper, salt, cloves and herbs; attention of all vhomirconcerns; but it is a with gether, and put in a" pot impossible for us to give employment to its cut be can it on it. When needed, weight authors. The compositors of a morning in slices and eaten cola. mustnefneeessity be menr . Ail nepaper of TiTOftVAT. np Ivk Spots. When long tho labor is performed in the night, and standing, it is difficult to get them out, extends to a Late hour after midnight. since the iron has become thoroughly Women are not robust enough to bear this followand must be reduced. The sort of work; nor would it be convenint for trials them to be going home so very early in ing recipe will be found worthy of seven the morning. Water, one pint; hydrochloric acid, this with the Moisten spot Our correspondent writes in an unjust penny weights. solution thoroughly until the color disap- spirit. Those who advocate the cause of the pears, and rinse with water. working women are under no obligation to Felon on the Finger. Many persons give them employment, unless it happens are liable to extreme suffering from felons. to be profitable to do so. The relations of oc busines3and labor are not relations of sentiti.pw n filiations not unfrequently,;memment or charity, and if a man thinks it casion permanent crippling of the bers affected. The "following simple pre- desirable thatwomen should have a greater scription is recommended as a cure for the variety of occupations ho does not thereby become bound to hireimy number of women distressing ailment: Take common rock or as laborers when he has no labor for them salt, such as is used for salting, down beef to perform. If there are any advocates of pork; dry it in an oven; then pound it fine, and mix it with spirits of turpentine in women's rights who contend for more than equal parts; put it in a rag: and wrap it justice toward women, those advocates are round the parts affected, an& as it gets dry, mistaken. All that society is bound to afford any of, its members JajLaic and equal put on more,- andintwentyrfou VIU ItwiH be dead. chance in the battle of life; and this is true" ari cured the Tfelon do no harm to try it. of women as it is of men." n a vnvpa 5irA Tirevcnted from breaking out and are scattered by the application of There has jately died, atFlorence, a lady . Winter Green oil. well known in the world of letters, though or other butteries, fT VAvsv. Closets, more remarkable for the warmth of attachrooms from foul smells, burn coffee, which ment she inspired in men and women of is also a disinfectant of contagious disease. acknowledged genius, than for the fame of A pretty window, ornament is easily her own intellectual gifts. 3Iiss lsa Blagden, made by placing in the interstices of a wet the authoress of "Agnes Tremorne," "The of wheat, rye, peas or any Cost of a secret,". "The Crown of a Life;" the and the similar, plant, and hanging it up in soon many brilliant papers in "Fraser," was will very nnrnhill ' and "Ml the Year Round," window, where the plants little a after and linked to Mr. Browning and his illustrious begin to spray out, e a oeautiiui greciimvvii; wifebythetiesoftheclosestfriendshii.bhe timeyou-havhall suspended by a cord or. ribband from nursed the poetess iniher final illness, and ;. Theo-dosi- a the top of your window frame. Ierformcd the same loving ofiico for to Trollop, to whose memory, as that ft at. mprcantile erentlemen of this i iorenco nrimirino' the Qualities of Miss Mary A. of Mrs. Browning, grateluitablet. It may erected a commemorative her of several in as saying Keyes displayed that her charitable presence comrades at the late fire in Hanover Street, bo added the last moments ofmany obscure have subscribed to give her a full mercan- gladdenedin the fair city where she lived sufferers, tile education. This is equally creditable she will long be KMh Trtir?. The tools to those who and died, anda where conspicuous and honored Bos remembered as Journal, thcm.'"WomanVs tfm u?e urf ' iemon-peeirgroun- u. tion. But they are trained to rocky, difficult passed they know but Kttie of roads; thiial learned after leaving Damascus, from which place toHeyrout is a splendid macadamized road, on which between .these two points, ,the "Diligence" for passengers, and a mail coach run daily. Until on th is road, I had not UlscoveredTtliat my horsewas skittish, but herefeeling out of its latitude, it was afraid of everything, and although I had to .be all the time on the watch, I was much amused; the rest of the animals manifested in a greater or less degree1 the same strange- ZX1 ZZ.. ness of feeling. ... .v jZZ-.Before wo reached Damascus, for a long distance "the way was lined on each side with fieidsof grape ines, jparenily --well cultivated. Wo through' the city and B. Snow. 101 ; ' loaf-suga-r; - : ' ' ' - , or-vc- sscl per-oxidize- d, -- : , HO USEIIOLD HINTS. Keeping for Women. There Poultry nrft manv women who, especially within years, while the price of eggs has been so high, mate money mucn faster by tending poultry than by sewing. to It is an occupation especially suited and women, because it involves patience - constant details rather than strengthThen, ' men to again, the .hardest thing for many is learn, in handling either poultry or bees, seen we have times gentleness How many sense than boys, more no boys, and men with nests, enter jerk hens roughly from theirand frighten the poultry houses abruptly furthest the the occupants till they rush into in corner, and keep the poultry community all constant agitation and distress.' But domestic animals appreciate the manners of female attendants, when they are fortunate Now there enough to be cared for by them. are women gardeners and florists who, bycommendable industry and business qualithese callings, ties, have risen to eminence insuccessful beeand while one of the most wo hope keepers in the world is a woman, to see others give poultry more attention than it has hitherto received. Aside from for fancy, profit, the keeping of fine poultry is elegant pastime, very popular with English ladie3, and we see no reason why- the r fashion should not be adopted in this country. Ex. together the last half-doze- n -- " IoCBJ'-mmea pound T four of and tho rind, ton. eggs, the juice of two lemons, in-- a sauce-pa- n loaf-suga-r, . - -- . - . ''' . figure'"' 