w o 3i a n s i: xro n i: x t. It) the marital relation." Perhaps you will ?ay hasjm.tered loo acres of land, fulfilled the that done awav with nowby muelmf it conditions of settlement, got her deed and unfaithful husbands, whose victim and their the of ' .Miss must the is suffer bitterest ltay ' firming successfully illegitimate children At Colby truiv.ers.ityf itfaine, a young: .lady before on her raised year farm, same part of the consequences. Still, Ave say, if we place, lately won the Sopnouiore prize ior acclamaand happy marriage A lad in Oregon died the other hut, 6(V acres of wheat.,. ...London journey- ean haver but one'allperfect tions have 'that one;'; means,7 let in us, by for dav from the. elfects of a pistol shot in his men carpentersjhreaten a general strike is andten, us and raise up let strengthen our weaker of America audi higher wages... ...The glorious Fourth sisters, ami eneourajrethem to become differin of talked isnmeh and hand at dose so they shall not so easily 'full a prey to American are cattle man's lust, instead of degrading 'all woman; soon to be published;,,... Housework is pro--T ent parts of the country. ..Dutch the level hood' a lid, ill fitet; the kwhoIei-aeo,Unouiieed raost admirably calculated to pre- said to be enormous eaters but good milkers. of weakest its ; specimens." serve a robust woman and to strengthen one ......A woman in Greeley, Colorado, has set sentlf the who The writer' foregoing penned who is weak, by .Queen Victoria's ch ief out 13,000 forest trees. .....The products of mpntsis-iivldentl- y a si nee re laborer in promot- It has been suggested in Lynn California now include largeiuantltiesT)f :... 1... "physician . iif 1ii "Jii'v iniI iiW liiiiirli tv ;A-main Jlli Countyy Orcgon, that every man or comiany caster oil and mustard.. in the State, engaged in manufacturing from hois. countc(lup :the Canada; thistlesin do not agree with her in those sentiments, we raw material, be sought out and assisted by that State and found them.. to cover ten would discuss' them Uu spirit of candor and C'-'VV Mrs. Margaret Sangster sue- - thons:ind jicres.;....Mrs. 3Iartha Everett has generosity.'" advertizing ceeds MrsIaryJNI. Dodge who has resigned been unanimously elected Superintendent Polygamy, as; believed jind pntctieed by the School at Dover, Mormons, is very different in its nature from her position on "Hearth and Home" and of the First Parish Sunday a . "Matilda," squaw who that which is practiced in other nations at the goes abroad for. health and recreation ...... Massachusetts Several, ocean s teamers leaving port,5 on the hasl njrured in the Modoa war, is aiur to present day, and should not be compared with anniversary of Queen Victoria's birthday, were gaily decorated, and the day- keeps the domicile of her lord, a white man,J. ence is elearlv understood. As it in often 1 was observed as througrmut Eng- as neat and tidy as any woman could. r..... repwileilJthelitU'mla land .".v. ; .Nevada lis V jporteU- - to nuAiattTi Whang, ji MatiieTfarmer thinks thorpronTsof in polygamy from a consciousness of thus doing Great ten hens final to that of one cow ph enomenon in tbeforntof black frost the good of mankind. If and Madam De Hazard, a Ilussian sculptress, quantities of iKXr American xjheese jtro said righteiif er promoting Into It merely t h rough selrtshness . . .. In any to bo sold-- i En glan d'fotxhog.-ieec- l sen t her th ree niasttieee-LEsperin"J'aee Cienerosa'and L' Abbandonate" 4o Tulare : Co.7dilifoniia, it costs $ 8 per acre in any form, they violate the sacred rights which Vienna;v..;.Six hundred thousand dollars to prepare land for a vineyard and plant pertain there to. been sigiieo hXow a woman with such ideas eoiicern-y- t was-thconsiuemlionforiwluch the ce . j , r f if i j e t a lid cx p rc'stse I brated Mono nunc recently changed hands, by. a number of ladies in Nashville, .:...I3oise City, Idaho, is said to be the "dead- - Tehnesseey to abstain fronrwearing anytut- - y our h ieag r frietH I, Wf)ull erta i n ly ! e most i nlhevlmle iniserable were she placed in a family "with on account of the very sfriiigeht enactnient) sort oflipikireT oil Sunday...... A San lriirf onejjAvojjjr t 1 -- , self-supporti- - i ng, o ( n i """V bo-a-wo- man fifty-four- th 3 ' n-- 1 o j.. 1 " tostidiico Lofllnrl5uudayliquorkiw-..,.- A ; the-dea-th lo bo productive of happiest, sweetest tempered -- itiiillniost intelli--ge:."vomen of our acquaintanceand we sin- cerely believe them to le among the most hopeful and contented ones in the world are those who have received for themselves the light of truth upon the subject of Celestial marriage and therefore have willingly and joy : fully embraced it. Instead of being "the weakest specimens of humanity," they must be possessed of the nt year, selling for disturbing the peace, afterwards was ; milk at five cents a iuart. . . ...A first class herself disturbed by imaginary rats vh ich unsectariau college for women is proposed raine with delirium tremens:.....A Lynn Co., in .Wilmington, Montana Missouri farmer, with only the aid of two Delaware.. has about eighteen millions of fertile acres sons, raised, in one season, over 10,000 -- A : New Orleans pounds of tobacco, from which he realized wanting occii)iers .The ladie of Fort pohceiujin -- got discharged for running over 880Miet profit it through the street and crying fire without Wayne, Indiana, contemplate founding a sb.:...The-.tatal'o- f good hnine for thiV friendless iii thiit citv.... .The Xcw Hampshire has sixty-on- e starch fae- - anniversarv of of the great novel-- ; tories and makes from potatoes alone, three hst, Dickens, which occcurred three years thousand tons of starch in a year. ...s. The ago, was appropriately observed at Boftins's North Pacific Commercial Company of Bower, Boston, during the first week in :" lu get Sound has gone into Iwnkruptcy.... June. 3Iore hops are raised in Wisconsin than any other State, and they are srenerall-- considered liiiriner:inade-'812Ti- healtli.....-A-t-jlf-bor- WOMAN'S XJ1E u EPUi MT ' highest order of human iiitelligenceand corresponding virtue to enter into and live happily in Celestial .marriage, which they consider the on ly true system for form iiig m arita v 'ilieso ideas advanced by our contemporary, demand farther attention than we have pace to give in the present issue; but we may refer to them again. 1 without a tail is one ol the late wonders in A ball was. given in Wisconsin to Oregon L. GREENE RICHARDS, EDITOR. raise money to start a newspaper...... A THINKING. pound of peat freshly dug contains fourteen in Salt Lake Citj, Utuh. Term ounces of water...... A good thing- is said of Publisljcd . .. i:r iousmess aw uuiue i:r.r six month;', $1. Tea copies On s '. .. uuo . ...... a $'2; t. i. onccopy, cojiy uowever !ti:.. JLl yeaf, i. ner ui'si uieii are sup- - fur inc. iiif, ofiai,iuej ut nine. Advert.Hng rates: Eucu stjtiuro, cighl iitil1 ;inuiastiruit? rsituated, nothingcairlKrof-nio- rc uf noni.urcit Nines solelv as their Oil merits tia;o, ono time, 52; icr men, ported . .... than sound mid considerate forethought. 'I1.. xt t.mllf Iji.' ....m3 II.':- ui ir.il ! v4iv;o.T ..if xww i1Jvcii ut mvr "bui salt LuKO vity. Juitiuo DUsi to coutmunicatiuns Atldrt'iS all "I didn'rthink,M Iinciw' ".' if. limiluMr ti i w'fTr TOmnronxcuso Publishenj Woman's Lxi'O.vknt, all for the little Lake Utah. Dr. Salt and even errors of Samuel Osgood City, blunders, against by the .Hey, the eight hour strikes, and avo man suffrage greater magnitude. Yet m:c Ii an apology is, in It is estimated thatS'550,000 worth of fish aro 6ALTLAKK CITY, Julv 1, iSTa. reality, none at all. Why do notjcople think more attentively than the masses do, thus caught yearly in the viciuity of Sandusky, Ohte -- iii u ty-uei DI1TKHENCE OF; OPINION. Avriich oiie e of another charge cases out of every hundred, of extenuation and for copying his editorials and allowing them oriifo, in a great degree, are regret?" It betokens a yoak mind to seem to appear as orignal ..... .Six Americans, five .... rife' realities .. .. .. . t i i..lclu,u .! .At. ever absent in thought ; and it is not until the a English men, Six Irishmen, three Germans, Ibcre are both pains and pleasures associated power of thinking is somewhat irn,,.wi. that it may bp at least partially under control at the college .of St. Joseph, Mill Hill, Mid- - P "I" u" 1 KllVil ium Bi " iUU, or entiureo. excesses oU he will, tliat a person becomes agreeable as, (llesex, England, to be educated for the -arc Uonian Catholic niission.;..Capy saloon turnery iorm oangerousoeing tlie greatest a social eompanio ni n a ny connection. Ija rd oi regret and misery: . but keencrs sometimes take their onv ftr- n i uiees temperance Chesterfield once said: 4,1 would rather be in ' . . . 11 a 11 ensures a ot lile tlnnk by being shot. .....Boston school girls "o'lgs happiness ami the company of u dead man than with an absent success. The dillerent foot views taken on various one; for if the dead mini aflords me no pleasure, ball.. ....A treatv of alliance has play been concluded between Clermany and Italy. subjects are interesting to the thoughtful ob- - at least he shows me no contempt; whereas the ..l wo thousand, two hundred more Chinese server... A Chicago lady writing on the absent man, very plainly, though silently, tells landed at San Francisco one day recently..... "Mormon question" ays anion" oilier (him me that he does not think me worth his atten ' A- XVOlllJlll of ..... tnirif ..,,,1 .'i.v unmNimi lllTW Ol lOlKlCC OWCTC- LTOW'Il If.n,..,;... iinr ' CAM ntll It'l'vLl; tion. Jjestde, an absent man can never maker m. ivivfv v. va.hii, , m u in a garret iinu eat a crust uuex " u one "Ul" in season, iuiimu, n honest (oil than to share an)' .observations" upon the characters, customs.- luers is reported, to contem- - ,rn.1 b' or a uid niannei-- of the company. lit may be in MU ,he hou,,lty t)f millionaire with one, two,Via plate reti ring soon, to private life m syMm of the best Companies all his lifetime (if they will Fanny Campbell, of Ainandtj, Montana, ton away with the sacredness heautvtf and admit him), and never become the wiser; we scmi-montbl- - yf . . . " e - thoY-ric-o vast-importan- ce - o. I i I f . ine.---s is-the-- : - srmg-ienselve3;tlie-eau.- ' 1 . . . . "" 1 . ui sih a .. 1 I ; ' I I - v I i J.x-I'reside- nt 1 her-ow- s hvrlvr -- 