OF MlS5v.iNOV COnKK-SlVXnKNC- Rome, Jan. HI,' lS7;i. Italy, it is the Kivmk, Italy, though not , tho mol January 8; 1 H7L. 4 'Cemetery of the Oipuchms,'' in the I raniscan Monastery. Our iruido took us to the Mv PiUR Siti;k, M T. Hmoot: You in Prove, ami I in Home! Who door, where we were met by a monk who conducted us through lour aurtments in would have ahtieimted thirf wid siuuint. which five thousand and four hundred turn? Aesterday, Mr. ood, Mr. Cook's monks had been burUnL and nearly all of agent, 'with' whom Arrangements were prethe bones of these person were in plain viously made, to show us the most n oiHj?m-or-tview Amrrow iath-oi- t room alforded a passaire. parallel with which portions of the ancient ruins of this ancient was a railway over a very low wall to pre- city. Wo were shown tho remains of fh vent intrusion into the main portion of the temple of V enus, Jupiter, etc., the ancient room which, the bones occupied. It is Fprum, the Rostrum so famous for .speechi impossible to describe the sensation pro- - fying portions of gigantic columns in u vv- f .I llr the sight of millions of human reclining position, several standing in their bones assorted and arrangedsome on original places and in a irood state of pre- arches from four to five feet highunder which a body apparently in a similar were informed that the late Pones have uo exercised their influence in preserving these sfaiulino--. rirpPfl in mvn nthprs ruins Avhich are nowattKitftinfrthe nttPiitimi , time has Ieen when Venice exercised a and abroad, ram! Iwerfui influence at claimed to be "mistress of the seas." That day.. has gone by. The hotel at which wc put up appeared to be completely imbedded in water; but we found on the opposite side, w here Ave entered, irom stepping from our ........ 6uiiviuiu uu lussiuue sieps ii ciaimeu a narrow There is not a ear- strip of "terra firma riage in the place in the public garden three horses are kent on exhibition all travel and business, except that of pedes- trian capacity, is done on the water by the means of oars propelled by human muscles, other - 1 1 Editor Woman's Exponent: From Genoa, where I wrote you last, we went to lunn irom Turin to Venice. The - . 1 1 - 1 1 1 X M a-hi- iinlr and America. bodies were .placed in a reciininff particularly from England . a p n t ' if 1 II. iK MUX I Jl ' Il.M" ' f il. f4 frfiv'iJrillllRFir. ItlJITIV nanus are now empioyecimr excavaiiug a and that, I was informed, is worked by The long tones were packed by themselves portionof the great r ForumT of the ancient x" l uiituuiaciuit; ut giuas, a inniK the arches being mostly formed by them, Emperors, the ? CsarsS etc. i wh ich by are nowhere excelled, especially in that they gradual changes and usages Jiaving been at Wo .visited one rows of sculls the small ones k'ing used, times occupiedby shepherds, has been buried .. ?r2"?.Jm9B?JH!destablishment. - It is a curiosity to see into to the depth of several feet by accumulations how manyvforaia and textures gla.ss can be iThere is a paling around the .were made of dew-is.!- ' chandeliers, etc., candlesticks, I"01??-:-' jWesawwomen spinning and reel- - of bones! The arrangement of them g ruins, and no jojie i fine it into threads, while others wove quired much care and stud v, and no very out permission. As Vre stood on ii iortion lias been that saw tlie stalwart vr ctv"i vf1" siigni artistic SKiii. r unburied, seemed elastic and strbn a man off from the The manner of these monks is. when thev guard-officThe "Grand Hotel Victoria," our stop-bring a body, to take up the bones of the premises, who, do doubt, had stealthily line establishment, and one that had been the longest buried, and intruded. We were all rierht. for our eruide. piace, affords good accommodations for travelers. place the fresh one in the vacancy, and in an Englishman, seems to be of considerable 13ut I must hasten on. and leave Venice this way the bones are of accumulating from consequence; lie is agent and with its palaces, palazzes, prisons. "Bridcre time to time. the "Swiss Times? a lecturer, etc. When of Sighs," gondolas and canals for another " Those bodies which do n0t decompose, he conducted us to the "Holy Stair Case," are placed in the arches and niches of these said to be the identical one that the "Savior consideration; and from thence to Bologna thence to Florence, where for the first time bony structures, and preserved in this state. ascended in the Court of Pilate; I asked hini sinco leaving home, we are located on the we saw a number of them one who died if he would swear to it He said emphatically, as late as 186 7, with whom our guide had "I will not sw'eartoanything."-B- ut ground floor of the hotel. r directly : afterward, he..jsaid I will swear to the acque- been well acquainted. iT FLOIIENCE. will sweaLthatthei stairs With all theseemingly ludicrous arrange- - auct, ments, these bones are sacredly prized by were brought from Jerusalem, and I will Beneath high, hills the living monks. On ;ing asked if they swear. to. the "Arch of Titus, which was That in succession rise T v o saw a man - anil woman Like rich gemm'd parapets around; would sell a skull, the answer was decidedly oeiore us. The lovely Florence lies. slowly ascending the stairs which no one is "juo." The strange curiosity of this exhibi- allowed4..toasceiid-excpti-iheirknee m tion interested me uch, bu tI- - was glad to The Arna, broad arid gentle Ttreani, turn my face in the direction of fresh air, as our incredulity prompted us to acceit the " Thav flows meand'ring through, soon as the novelty of the scene was ex- suggestion of our guide and ascend by a side JJivides, but in unequafparts, The city platt in two. ' flight which was considered less sacred; we plained. We visited tlie palace of Victor Emanuel found a representation of Christ on the cross I've seen its princely palaces passed through halls, reception rooms, in front of the "Sacred Stairs." We visited "Where wealth and case reside-Wh- ere antechambers, stite rooms, dining rooms, the celebrated Colliseum, which must have independence fills her sails With luxury and pride. etc., very beautiful the furniture rich, and been a most magnificent structure in earlier altogether magnificent. We should have daysj being, capable of seating eighty-seve- n 1 see you, Florence, all the while, been l)ettcr satislred had we intervlew-ethousand, with standing room for twenty t3o beautiful and gay . thOUsalidliior buFtfiat the occuinmty I ask, Is this your common dress, wariu7in1dudSlTin . Or, this your holiday ? It was St. Anthony's day. and we wit the programme. nessed the eercmonjrofblcssing' animals, ll. S.N'o w. lo w"e; and while their golden Bhow'r?, which was the most amusing of all. On The bounteous heav'ns distil; that day the priest blesses horses, mules, " 1 Aroid debasing luxury, PliOVO ClTV, Feb. 2'2, J87:. . Prolific source of ill. donkeys and all kinds of animals. A fine My Dear Miss Green k: of horses, richly; caparisoned, were The crown of Peace is on your head I forward to you a letter which I have span in front of the churchthe prie&t, Its wreath around your brow: ; received from our beloved and highly driven J The royal carpet, newly spread, ' ' Adorns your threshold now. I'. l in black gown, xvith ,vl,ile t,.nk Stand- FromFloreuce we went to Pisafrom thence the Exponent. If you think proper, there he read a service in Latin.- which. : .. tollome. fore, you are at liberty to publish all, or a posity, the animals understood as well as Of the much I have seen here, 1 can say portion or it. as your judgement may direct. probably after which he took along handled but little in one letter. We are nimseii; iDeneve everything that appears in your swab traveling from a kettle, in the hand of a !xy under the direction of Mr. Cook, the Lon- paper from that noble satisfaction lady, gives and flirted water don tourist. He furnished to take to your patrons. With kind love to yours- staiiding by his side, guide in -rus - the most elf,- and all the dear sisters"in vour "Hfv. (prokil)ly "holy,") not the, direction of the daysr and-shfar enough to reach interesting portions of the city. Our pro- and best wishes for tho Exponent, which llorses, faces, but gramme concluded last evening; and feeling I sincerely hope may continue to increase in them; and then, after pocketing his fee, the that I have "done Itome,,? I am doing up worth and interest until it shall be second to priest returned into the church. The 'coach- -' .matters man, a young man, could hardly hold hU preparatory to leaving for no publication in Woman's Editorial deiiartx looking as if he were witnessXaplcs you - is one of ment praying uod to bless and endow you countenance, writing h. and . . le items. wiui wisdom and light from on high. I am. ing farce, withfelt that the spectators all him. Among tlie many curiosities witnessed, I your sistor in the bonds of truth and Jove, sympathized wil1 inention one Monday, 20th. remarkably singukir, al- -- z. .3LV1LG AKET T. 8MOOT. Yesterday afternoon Mr. Wood toolr us llilifonf tipno rf zTJieonceboaste emce haycrdwindled Jntorarisolitary xiner fornH I A . . y 1 11 1 1 1 7 re-ln- , : er isa sut-Edit- or -- ; : anal Tilla-dott- ed - d . t"7 "7TEliza . : Iel - -us-- outfive ow a .... to-da- y, to-morr- ow -- , .. ... v. : ... 