WOMAN'H'.E XPO N E NT. had no desire to shun any trial calculated to purify and exalt." Hoped the present year might prove the brightest and 1 ' best of their lives. , first-rat- e; ZCdiiriselor enjoyed the reading of the lievelation. charitohlerone towards' another, and say and do ajl in their power to aid' and encourage, as none were exempt from trial; and seek also to govern themselves, for if tUey gave way to the Tempter, they would become fre t fu ,y grumbl i n g, miserable creatures. 7 Mothers should speak plainly to their daughters, -- teaching them to shield, honor and maintain their glory, as true daughters of Zion. If they neglected seeking to the Lord for guidance, they would very, soon be left to themselves, which was i 1 1 y . a fearful fate. Mrs. Harriet Cook .Young sa id she. fel t at home among her sisters, though circum- stances had prevented her meeting with them for some timcl' On the obedience which they rehderito the lar of Celestial Marriage depended not only their own salvation, but that of thejrchildren. anu, indeed, of the Those whole human family to some extent who enter not into the Celestial law in this life, cannot obtain a Celestial glory hereafter, but will be servants to others who, through -- oledienceandtiiithfulne rulers themselves, and lawful heirs in the As mothers and Celestial Kingdom. (laughters in Israel, how were they bearing their portions? They should study the dispositions of their children, the circumstances : under which they were begotten, and try to understand howbest to Instruct and influence them. Counselor Mrs. B. W. Smiths thought they should be ever watchful and prayerful, as. the records of their lives were probably of their own keeping; and from them they " "v:--- - would be judged, whether they be good or view-the- ,. selyjaiKLcease al ways commence at once. Very few per- whose wives look down' on mine now, will. sons (tan count a hundred and fine! themselves ever be able to obtain." awake ; but should this happen repeat the dose until cured. "Waverley." Brown Bread.- - One pint of sour milk, one-hacup of molasses, one teaspoon ful of soda, and graham flour to make.it a little stifter than cake. Spoiled Dairy Produce. Within the hist year; Ave have had occasion to note lf ' several i nstanees wl iero bu t terpch eese and meat have been injured or sioi led from no apparent cause unless by the impurity )f the salt used. ;r.;.;:7vi.?sfc? Loai Cake Dotoiixuts. One cup of sugar, one-hacup of milk, one cup of yeast, spices and salt to taste. Stir as stiff as possible with a spoon' and let it rise as bread, then mould them up and cut, and let rise an hour, or till they seem light, by the fire. Cure for Bone Felon. The following issaid to be: a good remedy for this cause of Take common rock salt, such as suffering: is used for salting down pork or beef, dry it in an oven, then pound it fine ard mix with spiritsnof turpentine in equal parts. Put in a rag and wrap it around the parts affected, an4 asit gets dry put on more, ?'and in twenty-fou- r hours you are cured: the : lf is dead." philoiy HOUSEHOLD JVe are often asked HINTS. for a prescription for preternaturally wakeful persons. The "high pressure'' principle on which many of our business men work their brains and abuse their bodies, begets an irritable condition of the nerves, and a mo rbid state of mind, very antagonistic to quiet and refreshing sleep. Such persons will often go to bed, weary and exhausted, but cannot sleep; or sleep dreamily and fitfully; or(lie awake for hours, unable to sleep at all. We have tried many experiments to induce sleep with more or less success, . and have read many recipes which proved better in theory, than in practice. The very best method wo have yet discovered is tluit of counting. Breathe deeply, and slowly (without Any straining effort) and, with every expiration, count, one, two, three, etc, up to a hundred.. Some , persons will be asleep before they' can count fifty in this manner. Others willcount ten, twenty, and thirty and then' forget th'em- -- -------:- Til'T -- This led to various experiments, which have fully proven theHpresettclFof "sulphur in much of the salt used throughout this Territory. Salt may be purified from the sulphur it contains, by heat; place the salt in a dripping-pasay about an inch or so deep; place it in an oven under a hot fire and the sulphur will evaporate, or it may be roasted out on top of a hot stove or oyer a fire. No salt should be used for fresh meat, butter, or cheese without testing it in this way, There has been a loss of many hundreds of pounds of dairy and butcher produce, the present season within the range of our knowledge, where salt both from Salt Lake and the mines towards the Colorado has been used. One dairyman e;ist of this place, alone lost nearly Eomol- a ton of butter and cheese.-TfUta- hv are not the majority of mankind laboring under grave mistalces in' rushing through life, as though to build .themselves up regardless of the wants of the rest pf the world, was their chief aim, arid the one grea t object for which they were created? Why and best of life as we go not make the most ' along, taking things .calmly and quietly? Not to sit down wi tli folded jiands, afV to eat and drink were the only' real comforts we should seek for in life. But in liking about us, find blessedness in blessing others; living not for self alone; but for the good wo is no true satisfaction in may do. ;There power anything else. i We tnay, gain a re wisely and influence, but unless they -made use of for the benefit of mankind , as of well as:or"bur"ow BRXi etyrandTare7 and t h a souHstar ves for ' want of pleasurable fruits upon wh ich to feast. Iffas "the poor man said, this life is all, it Is wisdom to enjoy it as much as possible while it lasts, and not spoil air its KoW, , " , 4 He-lies,- s wee tnxs. J)yjnnm things of earth. But, trusting that there is a glorious future awaiting the wise and just, It is Worth while to prepare for the reception and appreciatio- n- of-- such a hereafter-b- y living this -- lifo as wiselyy Justly, and cheerfully as we can. - IForthoExpoxKxT. DEBT OF GRATITUDE. n, evil. It was well to brigh t side of a picture, and not anticipate trouble. Mrs. Howe said . she could not speak scientifically on physiology, but she believed the law of Celestial marriage to be the only principle upon wh icli they could be exalted, or the nations of the earth obtain salvation. Counselor Mrs. Z. I). Young said she Ogist." hoped that they might accomplish more 'good in the present year than they had ever before done. She heard an outsider remark that when a Mormon apostatized he went to nothing, Jfbr there was more. reason "arid sound in Mormohism than in all the wisdom of the world beside. Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Singmg. Prayer by Counselor 31rs. E. Howard. 123 ;.; ; v Wearing Flannel. Put it on at once, be can winter or summer, nothing better wornjiext to the skin than a loose red flannel shirt "loose," for it has room to move on the skin, thus causing a titillatlon which draws the blood to the surface and keeps it there; and, when that is the ease, no one can take cold; "red," for white flannel fulls up, mats togetherand becomes tight, stiff, o , and impervious. Cotton merely moisture from the surface, while flannel conveys it from the skin and deposits it in drops on the outside of the shirt, from which the cotton shirt absorbs it, and by its nearer exposure to the exterior air it is soon dried without injury to tlfe body. Having these, properties, red woolen is worn by sailors even in midsummer of the hottest countries. Wear a thinner material in sum-me- n ab-th- "Hall's Journal of health." LIFE. i For the Ex pox ext. The other day a poor mail Was thus con)Vell" soling himself on future prospects. said he, "I shall, eventually be as well off as any of them; for, if this life is all if when we come to die, that really is the end of our existence, the richest 'man can only have a beneath the sod, and that quiet resting-plac- e I shall have as well. My bed will be as soft arid smooth as his. But If there is a future life, there I shall come in for a much hand- What's this that romance repeats so often? A brave, handsome, young fellow, honest as theday is long, and twice as generous, risks , his own life to save that of a surpassingly lovely and divinely beautiful maiden ; Whose sweet voice and sweeter disposition at once win the ardent, deep arid deathless devotion of her gallant preserver. Gratitude, and a sudden reciprocity of hitherto unawakened affections, pure as the "beautiful snow," which was going to bury her in a terrific slide, had not our hero interfered; or, perhaps mighty and ceaseless as the huge stream of water in which she must have been drowned but for his timely approach and adventurous dexterity in rescuing her, makes her his own forever. But I have something else, to say about causes for gratitude. Wli it great thing is it, after all, for one person to save the life of hnother? That might cost but tho exertion of a moment, and is an act which common respect for humanity Vould prompt any individual to perform. A wretch may render services in saving the life of an innocent child; and I admit for the good he does he should be thanked and rewarded. But still that isn't anything like stopping at home, doing the work and letting some one else go to a Christmas and, New Year's jollification. Should it awaken half the gratitude, since it calli not for half the sacrifice? Then, there are other tokens of lasting love and generous fidelity to be brought in. Think of a family's going without butter for a week, for the sake of sparing to a favored one, the new milk wanted for two days. Should such things be forgotten? Get out with your fated maidens and life preserving heroesr For my jiarV I'd rather spend one happy, happy week of holidays, than to risk my life a dozen times for the sake of having It saved; and ani really more grateful to my dear, good" friends whose friendship proves itself continuously, than I ever could be for one deed of humanity. - Frank. 