! V 50 () 31 A N'y K X P () N KN T. including your valuable journal, I remain, UARY If. iJAKEIi t; 1X; forward and add our little offerings, remeni-iberin- very respectfully, your sister in the covenant Olfice opposite Old Ctf nelituti n Building, Mnis ; ;, 'j that mountains are made by the of peace, Street. OfSce houn 10. m. to 3 p in. , risIUli.iXE.,BKQvx, Secretary. unity of. many mites, and that altogether, ve may" accomplish great and glorious IptsIHAR HELP YOURSELF, of as enemies even such ' the ' rightworks; I i and SurgeoD, TbysicUn hot '' eousness, the vain and ignorant will S 'V z.:y ht- .your c own battles. Hoe your own Office at the Townitnd ..:. House. Koora No. 00. dare to scoff at. ...HI r .....! mm no row. oi t.uu lavors any out?, ask 3fy though ts ha ve been a vakened, while succeed, better than one G ALDEH & CAKKLESS, times thousand five beloved a of soul news sickened with the my oneVs influStm-t- , Halt Lake City. 'Kb. 37, Eftst friend having j strayed into darkness and who is always beseehing some as VKo one will ever or help patronage. wandered away from the Truth! And I felt ence can be Agents tor the Arion Piano, IMason- - JIamlin Organ no One because can help yourself, that the sisters should be on their guard and you so heartily interested in your1 affairs.- - The (CONTINUED FROM PAGE THREE.) jr ' -L- 1 ; ; ; , ut , Ti-nipl- watchihemselyeo r longimejr pernothincr and allow no thoughts.: to remain lirst step7 wTHliot hch-n'If up tlie with them which may grieve away the haps; but carving your own way will make one lead to aiiother, good spirit. But they should converse and mountain; you write freely about those things which per- and stand firm in ' that while you ,ci op still , tain to eternallife and happiness much more another out. not are fortunes Men who have made than most of them do; - and they should strive to reason and reflect understandingly those who have five thousand dollars given --;wh -- t h eteoritfi t i o n of 4 them to&tariAKit n,bu - o yhei r own cDnd i t oiiaye: or d dollar a with fair started the world; and pray always that they be not have two. .Men who have acquired fame led 4nto - the by pufis hope that all my sisters may be never been thrust into jopularty light, in or friendly given led to realize the great responsibilities which begged or paid for; own their outstretched have rest upon them, and strive diligently to live spirit. They in a manner becoming Sa in ts of God, that hands and have touched the public heart. His Spirit may guide them into all truth Men who win love do their own wooing, ' and I never knew a man tail so signally as and righteousness. This is my first attempt at writing for one -- wno lnuuceu ms a ffect ionate grand- tl e press, bu t, ho we ver, it may not prove mama to speak a good word for him. my last, for I feel it is well for us to try to Whether you work lor fame, for love; build each other up? and thus b' united for mohev. or for anything else, work With efforts toTsustaih the Priesthood." your hands and heart and bflnin. Say "I Sixaii Bisiior. will," and some day you will conquer. Never let any man have to say, "I have dragged you tip." Too many friends someve Pleasant Gito City, times hurt a man more than none at all. "Grace Greenwood." August 21, 1873. Editor- ExroxENT: DIVERSIONS. Knowing the desire and interest you have for the welfare of tho Relief Societies, I The Shortest Day. The day before take pleasure in sending you a few lines that on which you have a bill bejeomi ng due. pi; At OUT JPfmhir ninnthl v rnnpfinr hlM mi eauers An Anierican etiitor cautions the 9th Inst, as usual the members of the nfiSl!v' ,i.wl n against kissing short girls, because this habit Society were lively interest wasmanifested-in-theg(- x 11 work .In which we are eniraired. Our Jem. you've been drinking." No, I Bishop; met; with us, and by request ad- - haven't ; I've been .looking at another man . dressed the meeting at some length, en d ri nk i ngy and i t was too m itch for me." S rx w Wo it k : 3Iak i n an auger hole with couraging the sisters in their efforts to do jnjelieving4he-wants-of-the-neerunforky-iiigood dyr a gimlet, etc. Although their contributions might ning to fires on crutches. to be small disbe appear they should not What are you writing such a big hand couraged, large mountains were composed for, Pat ?" 's Why, you see, my of small particles, the widow' mite was an and I'm writ in gal oud letter illustration that it asuot the great amount tcTher"! dafe, ' ,r but the motive which prompted To kiss a contributed, girl and fnul your the action, that would be regardeij, and mouth filled with Venetian red, and the according to this, all would le rewarded. girl grown suddenly pale, is truly awful. He f.also gave some excellent i counsel in in a A servant-niaiRefinement. relation to training children; said that town in Ilerefordsliire, last week left mothers .have, as a rule, more influence small in consequence of her b?ing situation her With children in their early years than any incapable ofreconciling her feelings to the other person. Several other persons skeand bore testi- very bad grammar spoken by her mistress." Country Paper. mony totlie truth of the Latter-da- y work, and all seemed willing to do to the extent Anecdote of Noutiicote. QiuLilay Sir or tiieir ability to advance the interests of W. Knighton called upon the veterairand . asked him,'. " What do you know of the tho Society, v Financially our Society is in a health v Prince Regent ?" Nothing," said North-cot- e ; " what should I ?" condition; in; addition to .administering to Why, he knows the wants of the poor here, we luive assisted, you very well," said ' Knighton. " Who ' Iliuisel " Voo VL JhLsseaQu,: one Jjmther-t- ( ?rnigrate fr(ni says o - and' "Wiliion Shuttle All kind e dewing LtK'k-StiU- 'h o3l usicL and .JFancy 3Jnit1ihv.y.l-irt'-L- , i Gtwd , jpl5 - URNLSII YOUR. HOMES. .. ! t-- -- ipn-an- boy weil-earne- 7 t - m - I would ad ise the Ladies who want to buy fin; Parlor andBedrobnr etf oT furhitM!tairnir examine tho immense stock kept by H. BINWOODEY, At Kb. East Temple Street, ard Ko.75, First 31, South Street. i , I iirnf . A HOUSEHOLD f-- k, to-da-y, " ; TBEASURE. Every Family should have a- - Washing Machim ; nd there U none better if as good we truthfully and earnestly consider, having had experience in working and taken pains in observing eveml kindj, as th e TiLEQ r a ko M a cm n w hie hri manufactured in this city, and sold by Georgt Gud dard; to whom all orders concerning it should be '. addressed, "P. O. Box 474, Slt Lake City." Wfl take pleasure in recommending this MaebiiiH to tho ladies of Utah, and, advise them to prove its superiority by purchasing and using it. ph-Wa- 8ih NEW CLtJH RATE3. : - Tif-siden- c Denmark, whose family eani6 here last year. welnwoa general iworking meetof tbe ing So'.iety, which is well attended. Patch-woretc is going on at a Knitting, lively rate, giving our large hall the appearance of a nhti ipf working bees. Our President, with several of tlie sisters is at Provo amending a meeting held by our Geucral President, .Miss E. It. Snow. Wishing the success of every good cause, 7" " ed d, - to purchase. Determined that nothing shall be wanting on lb -part of the Publisher, to increase the circulation f grand-mothert)ie Exponent and. aid in promotin Ue objects contemplated in iU publication," by making it truly an exponent ol tbe uiew? of the women of Utah, sustained by them, read by them, and its columns enriched with a widely circulated expression of their thoughts, we offer the follow'ng terms t- clubs, so as to prepare for increasing the vJue and importance of the paper with the beginning of the next volume, which a Urger subscription list will enable us to do: 10 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter ?13 00 up of the club 1 15 copie. year, with a copy to the getter . 2G 00 up of the club 20 copied, 1 year, with copy to the getter i up of the club and a framed steel ungrav- t s 12x10 inch' of ing, Urighani 24 00 Young, selling price, $2 DO 1 30 copies, with a copy to Ue getter . jeart and firt a, club, proof, superior upofihe steel engravine of President Brieham Northcote.;AJt isonlyhis brag.'L Young, handsomely framed, seiiing Somkwiieke in the West, a sable knight price 48 00 $4 (If the lather 4nd brush was performing the Clubs can be commenced at any lime; and addioiK'ration of shaving a hoosier Jwith a dull tions can be made after the first list of name. has razor. "Stop J" said the Iioosier, " that been sent. can be remitted by registered letter at the won't do." Wbat's the matta, Ikiss ?" riskMoney of the publishers. "That razor pulls." " Well, lio mat ta for We hope ladies thronghout the Territory, espeeial-l- y the Presidents and Secretaries of Relief Societies' dat, sah. If de handle of de razor don't will endeavor to get up clubs, and that they will conbreak, de beard's bound to cum off!" themselves agents for the exUnsion of the stitute Pittsburg Mercury. circulation ef the ExpoXKNT. . rosy-check- , Has the best, largeU and purest stock of confectionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladieg Hl eafing-soupvith- -ii -- WALLACiU . . -- . ; . - . 