WOM A N S E X PON EN T f ,. held in ane For the Exposext ... school house, Wednesday, NoWard Sixth GRAVE. THE FROM LIGHT vember 12th, 1873. ?'"2.t - to omit the word ' DEDICATED TO A. E. T It has been resolved-name of the; Society. Female"'from tlie' morn, Sabbath My soul is strangely stirred this The Society is in a prosperous Within her silent chambers Memory sings, meetings well attended; the sisters,energetic My thoughts seeni of ecstatic rapture in attending to their duties, besides reliev- a The air is sweet as fanned by anger wings; assisted in erecting Thus cheered, through Mem'ry's solemn haunts I'll stray ing the needy, have new school house, Mrs. Rhoda A. Fullmer And seek the grave which in my soul was made; - From that sad sepulchre Pllxol Uhe stone away, Is President, were laTJ. so - : : i . r ' , - ; long ago Where youth's bright dreams In childhood sweet, one chosen friend was, mine; Years coming found, and flying left its true; Time only made our spirits closer twine And o'er us shed sweet Faith's ambrosial dew. But when our childish feet approached the door Where womanhood, the lovely, holds the key, Another came and, where no doubt had ticen before, Sowed cold distrust in her warm heart for me. .From Santaquin, Nov. J9th, 1873,' D Wilson writes: 4 Our Relief Society still flourishes, and Is poor uuu doing a good work in helping tneare gener comforting the sick. The sisters 111 " v ally United. HiiEEL::; i We holdlour M t Our President is a wortny woman, "Alas i love, 'twas a bitter thing to Jearn.i.v.V;.;,- nih the- - Kingdom, of of interests to tho alivo thuscould mMWoSc twin bur That Spirits . Sec-rNT.Tn- iiii . -- ' - - -- - t i ' And offctleep scotri wotild In my bosom burn When you as some cold stranger looked on inc. Lut ah J my love was rooted far toolieep : s T' To be iliiurrudetr torn and thrtistaway, i i ; J ' 7.. ? i Its . pk-adln-g It urged, you must beueye you had just cause f ; ; ; : : And claimed in youth's sweet pride and glorious bloom ' My sister soul, who, void of guilty fear, Descended meekly fo the grave's soft gloom. , TourclTerlshed friends received with your farewell to save fond words irom Sweet Memory despair, i) But me no dove-wingmessage came to tell , IVou e'en forgave my unknown error there. - ed , Lll,; ....-i- " ' ' have a fine hall nearly completedln which, ere long, their meetings will be held. Their fifth annual meeting held the fourteenth 01 last October, was favored with the presence and good1 teachings of the Presidency in , , that portion of country. Mrs. Elizabeth Matthews ana JUrs. xu. u. Whitehead are counselors to President Mrs. , Goodel. -- r ,! ; J . s ; . v : ';-- ' A Teachers' monthly mectingr wa3 held Nov. Gth, 1873, at tho Third Ward School Houso," Sait Lake City. Very few attend ( tho meetings, xomparedwi th the number ithat belongs to the Society ; thosojwho do attend are punctual and diligent and, express a willingness to do all they can for the advancement of the Kingdom of God. Tho word Female we have dropped from ' : our Society. Several of tho Sisters take tho Exponent and are pleased with its contents; we wish "It "great success' 3ut ' t i - Julia Thorpe, Anna Petersen, Julia Dorimus, r vy , Helen E. Armstrong Mrs. Miss ; Secretary. ; .Our correspondent speaks of a very agreeable visit made to tho settlement by Eiders Joseph, Lorenzo D. and William G. .Young, during which the people felt greatly blest by the good instructions which the mission aries gave. At tlme of writing, the weather was delightful and the general health of the citizens good, though some cases - of measles ??' '. were in town. -- ; ;. . f -- iZuiivrAH G. Eaedley, Secretary. ' Mrs. Mcintosh, of IIlinol3,hasbeen Tho Relief Society of the Tittli and elected County schoolJollet, Superintendent by a Sixth Wards, Salt Lake City, is reported by handsome majority over, three male com: Mrs. - , ;: Catherine Spcrotary Anderson, petitors. t i I : ; i , ! . .. -- -- e; sides-provid- ing " - and inviting around them, that the recollection of their .childhood's home may linger in their memories; forever. Home may be over so poor or humble, but if father and mother dwell in love and strive together for true happiness, the children will grow up in an atmosphere of gladness, and sunshine, and the remembrance of the beloved ones, with whom they associated there,will ; be held sacred in their heart of hearts.' One may get the finest education possible to be obtained in our modern schools, but if he or she has never had a home of peace and comfort there will be a feeling of regret had hapthat will never wear away. remarked hear will by some py home,", you good tempered,1 genial" man or woman, and we almost knew it before from, the happy disposition. X's:iir. : Xet jia teachvour littloj on es the gespeljof Jesus as we understand itlell them how the Savior loved little children many of . us have been too; careless in regard toour e children in times past let us be now. The ; Lord has abundantly blest lus with peace and plenty, we have time, if we will use it wisely, for the instruction and benefit of our children and each other, and to mate our homes' triilhomes of piety, intelligence, culture and refinement. ; But 01 themagnitude of the work devolving upon us, if (we Jkeep in any wise the . golden rule, "To do unto others as we would that they should do unto us." ; Our sisters are gathered froni all countries uearly, and many of them have 'never, known what a real! genuine home is. Jiave lbeen 'compeUed to worlc eary ajid lato in order to obtain even the common necessaries of life; consequently they know nothing about instrueting4their children at home. ; Here in Zlon, if they are industrious, they will get homes of their own, they will have time for the cultivation of their minds, 'for the ' doyelopment of ' their intellects, and is it not our duty to .sistjlhem"in"tiis7work-,6fimprovement by all tho means in our potver and tb glve;themj'as much as possible, the benefit of xur experience ? ;. The questionjuaturally arises, how can wo clo it ? Wc cannot go from house to hbuso , - r : "' wide-awak- -- . i hey " . " ' nut-shel- zeal;'--strlv- The Relief Society of Ocd en City, held a meeting Nov. 27th, in the New City Hall. There was a large attendance, many spoke, the spirit of God was made manifest not Bo mourned I deeming all forever lost, ; ;'. In my blind grief forgetting God is good; only by their speaking but through what But whence, upon my soul so sorrow-tost... had: been accomplished the past" week in r Comes this sweet peace in bright, celestial flood? taking care of the poor. Hast learned, at last, the truth, my peerless one, ' , God bless all who are willing to assist the r That changeless, guileless was my love for you T A. M. Frodsiiam,- - Secretary. needy. And in that fairer life, so late begun, "Dost pay wilTi lbve the sorrftw.I've passed through? ' Secretary Mrs. Agbes SArJmst'ron-writefrom Ephraim,Sanpete Co., that the Relief ' Oh, God bo thanked! in other life than this Society of that place is in good condition, Deception cannot find a lurking place, "all the good sisters' belonging to it and And, heart to heart, we two may bat ho in bliss ' each one striving to do her very best. Their And see and know each other face to face I seem to hear her low voice in my young ladies were organized into an associearr.': To feel her hands caress my lowly head; ation last March, with a President, six CounOh, happy day! that led my footsteps here, - '." ; selors and a secretary; namely: t ' rThrough these sweet walks and silent' aisles to treads Miss Caiiolike JENSEN, President, LuDaltox. i C. M. WlLLARDSEX, iOIC E. MADSESf, A. Mautexsek, r R. S. REPORTS. Counselors. , ; us - . fellow-creatur- e, - My hope was vain! for soon pale Death drew near None ever shed such bitter tears as mine On this cold stone above thy bright young "Hope's fairy light was quenched, no more to shine v On my sad soul for silent are the deadi Q jrueliitonc 1 to hide those glorious eye8Which kindled to all truth, save only mine; Now must they never pierce the deep disguise ' Which round my love did envious falsehood twine. gaged in some kind act of benevolence, and all the better feelings of our natures; are roused to do good to a some one will throw a damper upon our world-wid- e glowing enthusiasm,by repeating this v saying. Sisters, do not let this hinder U3 from doing good to others, l, nor cause our souls to fearful lest we contract ; Into a' should bo .ofsome use, ori benelit inLthe home-circlworld, aside from our own individual but let us be sure and satisfy ourselves thoroughly that our work has begun at home, by our own fireside. There is something for parents to do be- food and raiment for their children, and sending1 f them to day andSunday school ; there-i- s also a home ed uca- -- (Though I, perhaps, its nature ne'er might know,) ; : : To harbor doubt of me; 'twere well tbpauso so. wounded which In that Nor Judge haste: 'twas -Love conquered; and long years I meekly bore ' ' , The cross of your unmerited disdain, Still hoping truth revealed would bring once nioro .'.;";' My heart's lost Idol to my sido again. i - en-- : fr:-- i its anguished moans disturbed iny fitful sleep, voice rang In my ear by day ' V ' HOME WORK. ' God. ;i::E, ,I Associa Retrenchment a Vnnncr Ladies tKIHy-ffv- e membersj IicWWIcirMmlnenc tion, now numbering r fine: wheni n theibsence ofiwhicniliexeii3r has beeSorpni2d-herea lack in tho character and life of a child that lts. B. A. Goodel , President of the extends over to mature years. Let us then Relief Society at Washington; sends ;u3; a make our homesilhappy .? ones, JrighPantT report of that association. It was organ- cheerful by kind words and sunny smiles, ized the fourteenth of October, ibH. play with the children, romp with them s members have labored undermanydmd-vantacci- occasionally, tell them- pleasing and si mple with cheerfulness and stories, sing with them, pray for them, teach ing to do their part in honorably sustaining impress upon them tho love of truth, them the spirit of forgiveuess, and charity the noble cause they represent in connection with the Relief Societies elsewhere- They one for another make everyth ing- pleasant . ; t. For tho Expos now often we hear tho quotation "Charity 'jjld begins at homeJ,, perhaps when wo are , -- . , .,.',. vas "' " 1 : : - ; . 