WOMAN'S EXPONENT. weight of largo clusters of the golden fruit, ami protected by hedges of cactus of an enormous size. AY e traveled till nobn over the beautiful phiia of Sharon, and jstopped to lunch in the vicinity of Jlamleh; where refresh the attendants who had bur mid-da- y of ments in charge, consisting light bread, a boiled boiled egg cold muttony chicken, for each, an orange each i and bottles o water, bad preceded us, and opened our lunch on mattresses provided for the purpose. The majority of the attendants proceeded ahead in time to pitch tents, put up for each an iron bedstead (which -- by the way is rather a small pattern for President Smith, are helping to lay the foundations of understood education. With all society; and that our work be well done is its funds, by popular and and, improved a primary matter. able teachers, anoV grammars, and maps, There is one object that has been impres- and such an education is sed on my mind lately, and to which I essentially defective. Without moral prinrespectfully call your attention, and that is ciple at bottom to guide andrcontrol its the subject of ' religious and moral training education is a sharp sword in the in our schools. I would ask, can any system energies, hands of a practiced and reckless fencer.' L of education bo acceptable to this people, have no liesitation in. saying, that if wo that ignores religion or morality, or that could have but , moral and religious dwarfs these essential elements? Our culture is even one, more " important than a schools should be opened1 by prayer to God. of letters; and that' the former We were all born in lands favored with the knowledge can not be excluded from any system of Bible, we have been taught from our inCincy popular education without infinite hazard. that "the fear of the Lord is the beginning PPilj the two are so far from being for of the and shall common our schools hostile powers in the common domain, but very pomfortable rest) tables, wisdom," stove be to andcookfirst the and the this sentiment? . seats, etc., camp get ignore that they are natural allies, moving' on To reverence the Supreme Being should harmoniodsjy in the same right1 line; and iner apparatus all into working order preparatory to evening dinner served with be one of the first lessons imparted by the mutually strengthening each other. The parent to the child. The precept of the more virtue you can infuse into the hearts soups, meats, vegetables and pastries; parent should bo perpetuated and indorsed of your pupils, the better they will improve ::ride ledfiai r very uneven p somportionl btheteaeherpthat theeducational foundaf their time, and the more rapid will le.their; We encamped for the tion may be laid aright Man's nature is proficiency in their common studies. The- rock v and barren. night on a lovely green, called the entrance complex; That man has a religious nature most successful teachers have - found the fact that where the half hour devoted to moral and religious tothe valley of Ajalon, conspicuous in the istrueillustrated by the Next day we rode religion does not exist humanity will instruction more profitable to the scholar history of Joshua. be found ; up mountain bowing to idols. Man has an in- than: any other half: hour s in the day, and through thecvalley rideres. where we had delightful views of tellectual, a physical and a moral nature.i therer:areno teachers who govern their to not we educaAre in narrow our schools wi Ih z so much ease ;as this class. the plains of Sharon and the Mediterranean apt tional ideas, and to give undue weight to Though punishment is sometimes necessary the country is very picturesque zigzag, winding around and on the sides of intellectual culture? Cultivate the intellect where moral influence lias done its utmost, mountainsr-pa- ss Iurjath Jearim, famous in and neglect the heart and you may usher the conscience is, in all ordinary cases, better disciplinarian than the the history of David, lunch in the valley of into the world an intellectual monster. As has some been frequently observed, of the rod. When you can get a scholar to obey Elah and in the afternoon in view of the Mount of Olives, which we leave at our left, greatest scourges of our race have been men and to study because it is right, and from a v and arriving at the memorable city of the of powerful and cultivated intellects. Tliat conviction of accountability; to God, youi: ancient Jewish 'nation, the once favored of "knowledge power" none will gainsay, and have gained a victory which i$ worth more the Most --High, the site of the Jerusalem that it is equally potent for evil as for good than all the penal statutes in the world, but from which the "Word of the Lord" shall yet all will readily admit. Where the intellectual can never gain such a victory without lay- fro forth, we found our tents in readiness qualities have been cultivated but to enable a ing great stress upon religious principle in " and entered them with hearts of thankful- - mortal to inflict misery upon his fellows, your daily instructions. Jj ness to God for His protecting care and ignorance would indeed have been bliss. that fails to give PEN AND SCISSORS. blessings in bringing us to this destination Any educational system due prominence to religious and moral in safety. ... flush of hope renders toil and trial; But I must hasten to a close. The next training is defective. Education has been to of the "whole proper training beautiful, as the sunbeams give a sparkle to day, the 26th. we spent in and about Jerusa defined with a physical the winters frost. lem, visited the "Church of the Holy man.'.' If he were endowed nature only, all he would need would be Sepulchre;" had a fine view of the Garden Sickly people, it is said, live Ilonger of Gftthseniane: the next morning: struck physical training. On the other hand if he single than th ey would i f marne , and intellectual a intellectual were being,' the purely tentslimd.jpentltHjted healthy people live longer in pairs. : Pools of Siloam, the Tomb of Itatchel, Beth culture would comprehend all that could be -in a perfect"educatiori. Because a man does not see m you do is lehem, the Dead Sea, Jordan river, Uiigai, included It has been truthfully said that "the ex not a proof that he is blind or near sighted ; Jericho, Bethany, etc., have not time for altation of talent, as it is called, above virtue and because he does not think with you on description. On the evening of the 1st of and religion. Vis the curse of the age. all subjects is no sign that he is a fool. The March returned to ths city, "visited the pigeon answer its purposes perMount of Olives and the Mosque of Omar. Education is now chiefly a stimulus to learn eyes of the Would not do for the . hawk: drid2: men acquire power without fectly but inc. O and thus we leave for Syria, - which alone make it good, why should a cow eat raw meat in prefer- Eliza B. Snow. the principle's i ? Talpnt is wnrshinedt but if divorced from ence to corn or cabbaere because a tiger rectitude it will prove mofo oSdem6nl consider itla better diet?: 3IORAL TRAINING IN SCHOOLS :han a godJLz: is ihe wealthy and independent who It to to hild the elevate Education essays -: ADDRESS OPENING scoff at poverty; never the learned an(I wise an honorable position injsociesty, to assist in who: mock at crude simplicity; never the ""1. and i. I.. e... .... nu Terrifrrrinl Teacher? Association, in the Dcserct making him a competent t intelliieht wno ana ior evince gooa cuuniy . virtuous citizen, a good patriot If this bo pure none but ..rf. And the Uniixrsitv'ArmlS 1873. frail, erring humanitj-the the aim, it is palpable that too little stress exceedingly ignorant are guilty of these t foirn Tincnrfl in confrratulating Teachers and friends: of education in Utah is often laid upon the moral and religious to us all things. on having the happy privilege of meeting training of our youth. 'It is patent A Nautical School, presided over and con man is susceptible of fervent and perthat such lavorahie under auspices. together, child is in- - ducted by a lady, who has herself, within Can we contemplate a meeting the objects manent relierious feeliners. The can be the last ten years, educated in Navigation and fear hone bv and early flupncpd to the rising more are of which important -to judge of that which leads to do evil and Astronomy, and fitted for active servico made our out of erood Shall grow generation? That he at sea, more than two thousand young men inr9 T answer. ' assuredly, if and that which leads to do erood. the most ofwhom were oihcers in the u. ft pnnsrience a heart - susceptible - of hnvATnet. with single hearts, devoid of us to B. Navy during the rebellion is now in acleads This soon is apparent cultivation, selfish-or otherwise wrong .feeling evcrv York; that religious training should , tive operation in theBoomsoi of ther Nev J i. and devoted to the cause we represent v . the aconclusion aim cornei-on the Port 3iauin a Society, part of his Education. ""Traiir up Bo we understand how much depends on be Catharine Streets, under the supervision of and when he should he the go in child way how faithfully, course we the of the pursue upon from it." This is Mrs. Capt Browntow . late Principal . i how wisely, how unitedly we act? If we is eld he will not depart - N. Y. Nautical School, estawisnea oy ner webetCan the counsel of Almighty. can answer affirmatively, and our actions the -- v father, Capt William Thomas, more than ; ter it? will success are in accordance therewith, ; ,! Dr. Humphrey has well said: "A more twenty years ago. crown our efforts. Perhaps there is no never visited the brain of a the meetincr of which is more needed, Utopian dream simultaneous applications for divorce Six to which man that than sensible promises this. more timely, or more important than one ; family . m iaj;sviiie. diffusion cmanate-frothe a new colden bv aire iVKnr in . U To bo sure, we do not claim to be laDopngai is commonly Kentucky. the top of the tree, but amongst the roots. and thoroughness of what o school-house- s, ( black-board- s, -- r . . -- -- " of-Aja- lon an-infinitel- y " To-morr- i ow . - - r - . . -- ' - '2 - . , 4 - : u-- a -- I ..... . . asso-einti- nn . I m m - CD ? 