180 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. such times of recreation and enjoyment, as the excessive heat of the sun, when Summer is here, will render outdoor exercise less delightful: which has racred to Tirr. kind of sraall-no- x some extent for a considerable length of time, TrTtlusxi ty. seems to hiuvertreenrof a fatal naturo in most instances where it has appeared. It has beeijt the occasion of much regret and sympathy, among others, to the friends of the 'amily of Brother James Bourne, three mem bers of which his wife and two children were carried off by it within two weeks. : There are nplaccouints J)f the disease being extended at present, and the excitement which it caused has subsided; but caution should still be re garded as necessary, for prevention is much ; v better than cure." The two days' Conference of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, held in the new Tabernacle on the 3rd and 4th inst., accord ing to adjournment at the close of the April Conference, was another, occasion ofJaencficial enjoyment for those Saints who were enabled to attend. Among other interesting matters, on Saturday, the 3rd, were presented the bonds every holy aspiration for wifehood and. maternity, or accept the hand and share tho life of men who have been steeped in vice until they arc saturated with it. ;Wc say must do so; for, supposing the sexes to he equal at marriage able age, thcminority t)frreally pure hierrtar confessedly so great, that no alternative is left to the majority of women hut that we have r mentioned. Were the Legislature of Massaehusets to act upon this petition no one would he compelled to adopt plural marriage; but it would leave those free to legally enter into such marital . jwn&sj w would be an improvement in the morals of society such as. few imagine. It is not alone that it would close many avenues by which the "social evil" is now supplied; but when young men would discover that purity in men was at a premium among pure women, and that masculine corruption and licentiousness were not aa at present, thevery instincts of their natures would prompt them to cultivate a purity now as rare as it iscbin-niendab- le whenfbund. , . truSsteiMtMistant trustees of Bribe the Church in place of President Brigham Young, resigned. The bonds, properly signed and delivered, were' read; first that of President t, for 25,000, Georcre A Smith, with W. IL Hooper and IL S. Eldredge as sureties. Each of the bonds for the assistant trustees-in-truwere46r $10,000,lhe principals and sureties being as follows: 'John Sharp, nrincinal; William Jennings and John Sharp, i. xuuug, joseuu . Jinnr.. sureties, Robert-Gardn- er J). McCartny, Daniel: and sureties: John L. Smith, principal; Jesse W. Fox and Robert L. Campbell, sureties. Le 1:, Josenh Younjr, and ' i i.v.- VI HI Ha3Massc& receive tlie proposition? j ' lFor tho Expos est. 1IAPP' medium. A It happened to be my fortune, a few days since, to listen to an animated conversation between two young persons of opposite sex, in which the natural advantages of man and The subject was woman were contrasted. practically introduced by a couple of uncon cerned pedestrians, a man and a woman, passing along, and pausing to Test; the man very leisurly seating himself upon a low ence. while etiquette forbade His com than, stand. The -panion to do otherwise - ' i remarKea tne auvanutge&r ah young-nia- n such a case, which a gentleman possesses over a lady. The young woman observed that such advantages had been created morolv hv foolish tradition: that nature and common senso had had nothing to do with it. She considered that a woman appeared easo quite, as respectable in any iosition of and comfort as a man uia; it was an 1 ; ... - - in .. S . unjust agcvhiclrtiadrrccog-- .-- . - nized such inequality, ana any action wnicu xvnnir? lm imoronerr ungraceful: in a woman vas"lsa'4mproper The rgentleinan: poiitcijremou-strated- , saying that woman was naturally Inmanr manner r.a3 mAmrefined--andc1utstcI- n in disposition, thanrmau could Ukj; t therefore, less becoming in Jicr to tnrow un iiinf rtnsiriihl v attribute of which she had Two mokk interesting letters from Miss inherited a double portion, entitling her to Eliza It. Snow will be found in the present superior respect : and consideration, than it &a a a u m uer pi i ihfm was in man not to cultivate more assiduously Palestine from tho heard party, The latest a quality which he had received in less Lonreached had Mr. F. Little and Miss Little abundance. Yet, the lady argued, admit views don, on their way home; While President ting that inameasurehercompanion'S in to thought were correctjif iniiependence Smith and the rest were en rqute1 Vienna, as for the be praise applauded and action could where they expected to arrive in time vomau not should 1st. worthy in man, why opening of the World's Fair, on May ' seek to assimilate, In, as, mucn as mail XV"i3, Tin vrpsekt number closes the first volume It was Joseph A. Young, sureties, josepnin &miui, was the acknowledged superior and the first year of the Exponent. The sup- nrincinal: M. and Cannon, f)u hmve. nroud spirit ol , L W. Hardy and Angus x . . ; , i the received past year sureties. John Van Cott, during port which it has which woman found in man principal; a. menus ana us livvv Pvner and David McKenzie, sureties. E. I. to reverence and bow to. has been very encouraging, wny snouiu suo ue emtiuu W. II. Hooper and Edward not strive to obtain the same, that her that, during the year wnicu win will principal; Sheets, con be v with the next issue, that support Hunter sureties. Moses Thatcner, principal, powers mignt do no longei nutiwi, tinued and increased. B. Young, juur. and Thomas W. Ell erbeck, equal with man's' xne genucnum uuuuu and express liue, which sureties. Amos Milton Musser, principal; J. that she should, so far as she might do so The i,na h.,t a short time been established and in C. Little and B. Young, juur., sureties. James without laying aside that matchless, primineculiar to herself that Bear Lake P S. Eldredge, and renze. principalt-Horae- e running order, between St. Charles, R-R. , is with- Tipwis S. Hills, sureties. F. A. Mitchell, pnn clinging, confiding1 trust and gentleness Valley and Evanston, on theU.P. all her attractions, was most adout doubt, a source of much satisfaction to the cipal; Joseph Woodmansee and H. W. Naisbitt, which, of in the eyes of man, and rendered inhabitants of that portion ot country, wuicu sureties.. Thomas Taylor, principal; jonii iv. mirable her most endearing and sacred to him in all has been so often ami so long compiuuu Winder and John C. Cutler, sureties. also respects. But man, he .said, should IDVl Tin.r rrrontfist natural bridcre in the world cultivate as. much as possible without whose and women the all girls "iVtikre are over Cedar Creek, in divesting his nature f the smallest noble l?rid v7f9 i n ie l'o ittfamilies?z:Can service ritocoTto ptientIov across a chasm eighty andTnanly characterisHc--lii- af extends It of Virginia, their homes ail are finding so by that possessed be they it largely hundred and fifty ing tenderness g feet in width and two or more oy enabled pecoin-inthe own to keep, either by marrying at the bottom of wiiieJi me woman, that he might be her in feet to depth, enable them which feelings and possessed of fortunes readily to sympathize with croek flows. enter into her anticipations and desires. live like tnergenue hik. while coal nn Illinois recently, Tv mine, .... n., heln'in families than people With this the lady agreed, saying, that in a they fault," were "running workmen the man was not who are not supposed to have an acquaintance .,mo iinmi n. tree, supposed to be .black the Lord, and in nature, . the n Vtl 111V iior the woman without COah live without the woman with everybody's business might imagine re- bed of ihn in ;.Krtl(lnr1 i... woman - seeks to man the AMoyg; jmYe, been rand from and yards below the surface, whimsical vanities and bo her overcome wiiih wfi aro obliged to hold over for hundred feet and hundred two fifty two hundred to more wise but notless womanly, man would want of space to insert them It is gratifying from the mouth of the drift. to dispense with his prejudices endeavor women of Utah limits the of 2,000 intelligent the vithin so TiAOTnv city that many and become more charitable, all would, by find pleasure in contributing to the Exponent "..o .riiir fnr.thft .citv. also comes from and by, work together in blissful conformity, from even and wuu ueiui columns the iw of State, and filling other parts fTI.nrnw OTAv having reached a happy medium. is too dim-fn- - r . uuu a tti im tmm t n the but paper sir ii,i matter; . reading u,. Maine Here tho conversation dropped, but the we more retai and once nnn and 4,000 wholesale wants, f tliir more con subject might be treated ui6h muclv of st cans , us increase the in milk, in 13,000 Hoolnr Nearlv jiss of the SOllClb au. ivo dc- - fully, and hi a good one for some are beobtained quarts, means 97,000 may in allbout and also ladies taining of its circulation that fastidious gentlemen, young . . . maue. ltitnrnil lo!lv jf frti'ii nnlarcrement to oe of the day to reflect upon. Woman's Foreign the of ladies L. L. walks" The and "May ' in June ttUiUnO' KTmiRSioNS X of Philadelphia Society tn .the voung folks ofome.or .Missionary non to buv Wood- . .. icvtn iu uniieritHv last yr, for.missionarics' Till RE are forty-tw- o ladies in the literary associations, during "..liSd school the schools andI ...different o a t,nm I find cona fyiit n... the University at Ann Arbor; " SI ' departmcntof have ine India. ; "t"j They vnrth m.i. sunny days,witnin law demedical department, thirty-seveeicfnr-fint- i the raised sopras to be the result with accomplished' their task, having partment, four; total, eighty-threnrhildren and adult participants.- llie sum needed. season for HOME AFFAIRS. trustee-in-trus- -- st I iiu., , . . A . IV! self-relian-ce ... . . . self-discipli- ne SEMl-week- ly -- ; . feini 1 fe-'Aim- nlA if,-w- hile . b-a- blo rv -- ti . ... ffl-- aT . ; i X i.Iiv -- -- n; - most favorable present month is the e. " 