j 11C i. since, destroyed $050,000 worth of property, virtue and chastity sacred as life, and love ......Thirty persons were washed away and liberty as we love existence, shall we nolrepu- - SPLINTERS.. Ah agejit has been' sent to Germany in the hope of securing 1,000 new hands to went ashore oh sand bank at tlie mouth of fawn around our young I and guileless maidens work in the Lake Superior mines. .:For the Girortde, dtiring ii violent storni on the that theyjniht destroy! them ! drowned,-fromhen?ac- ket thirdJiniGiwithlnriine years, tlnxJaek iihe sonviHe, Illinois, female college Svas lately ilight? of4he:'21stfceiberlTliaMrid:. -O- ;' Mhe-opeffi disease has been very prevalent at Toronto, the patrons of the' Exponent to continue their burneL.Ai31r Kendall, wife of an officer preventing the running of stages.... ..Hail- - labol,s in iih ,)t.half that its instrumentaltyfor at Fort Davis, Texas, shot and killed a negro road.lfjuris.-osome of the northern routes good 'may be widened and extended; and we Jin have? snow-....act . of A betn the her e th delayed..:! yl corporal sleeping entering niong Shall endeavor to labor faithfully, with the aid room, through the window in the absence specimens of the Army Medical Museum, of our sisters in the same noble object, to make of her husband, and was justly applauded which number about,lo,000, are. 897 human .... . .Black small pox has been widely spread skulls and 31 skeletons.... ..On the 23rd of it what its name imports, An honest exponent of the views of the women of Utah. " through- - Toledo, by the theft by some December Jersey City, New York, had a $00,000 tire; Helena, Arkansas, a$30 000 fire, students, of a. body from the grave-yar- d MIXED PARTIES. which had been taken off by that disease. and East Canaan, Xew Hampshire, a fire .'Upon the first reading in the Spanish worth So0,00Q on the 22nd of December. This is the season when parties are many .".Cortes, of the bill to abolish slavery in Porto and numerously attended. Social enjoyment Jlica, t!ie vote was given in favor of the T HE classes and W: all races of S E P 07V E T ministerial measure, J 80 to 6..,, . ..Lotta, the peox)ie, ana t nc people oitnis lerntory nave, actress, lately reported dead, denies . the isince i t s ea rl ies t se t tlementr encouraged, JLO UISE X. CIEEEXE, EU lor. report by a pub! ished card ; . ;Eight Efdafd- peciallyJijL mgJiousaaiTalste I'ubJished in Salt, Lake C itv. Ffali.-- ,Tmnf ivnrl-- wnsinffon nhvrnef ininniilli. imnMit find ' United states authorities in San Francisco, One copy one year, 2'rone copy, six H- Ten copies I I recreative amusements and .soeial for the of nine. Each rate?: price Advertising eizht gathenngs:. 2:. for shipping seamen and demand ing pay gutiarc. lines of nonpareil space, one tiliieTi; : wlinn l11 inontli, n to ttlement ,l and everj'lMxly & of the United States (V)inniissioiier.....iThe ea( Cnmi.bsII AgwL, Ea?t Tempi 3 street,ratterD, General : Lake bait City. 7 knew everybody else, and was Kiire of meeting iea vyrfros t $ of t h is season i n San ;Ironeiseo, Aulres all bu?ine cotnniuiiications to ; whom he-ls or aefpiaintaiice.H to mini ber of-- lead --water have bu i "'r : fc'alt "7'," LakcCityfTtab. she had confidence, there existed no necessity English Court of Queen's '; pipes.;. for strictness of inquiry as to who would be lie neli awards" au actress "$8,()00 ilanrnge SAIT LAKE CITY," JANUARY 1, 1S73; i nfiieted upon the?aeerrbyipttil- for present at a jxirty. But things have changed, and strangers are often now admitted to parties way accident.,.. ..The way in which 1 rish AXOTIIER YEAR. school masters receive the school inspectors in this Territory who are not proper associates is to meet them outside the door and give for innocent and them a sound drubbi ng ; a 1 1 east one was so A new year commences Eighteen especially young ladies. We refer to what has Tf c I , - 1 vn received not long since. .... .There are fifty i ti nt I red a. id seven tvtvo is uirlrt hey oeen ca or fifty one counties in the State of Califoru uiem uave .een - 0f admission is placed at a certain ligure, and ip"i vniiMt me jjuii'ji-iu- i ouuus!. year nia .In the suburbs of Paris, near the iwiiu:ii Where eveiy person is welcome who will jay dark clouds STcmc(h to hang lower; , ri ver Seine, houses a re s ta n d i ng i n va s t lakes f ago the money at the door. To such places every of water from the overflow of that river. mg!y over the people who settled these MounA distinguished member of IheFreuch In- tain Valleys,- The gravest charges were made character, no matter how vile, can claim stitute has been struck from the jury list for against the leading mm of the Terrltorv, bv admission; and, there, simple arid guileless girls may le thrown into the society of declaring his unbelief iii the existence of a bad men, and sAvonrto by evenrorse onesrand young men practiced in all the Avilea andaj ts by which Ood A boy in Georgia is reported lo in a few days after, President Voting was held maidens are lured to destruction. Xo wise Jiave refused 30,000 for a patent watch...... a; prisoner in his own while house, other prom. father or mother will allow their children to A recent ball given to the patients in the inrtnr .niiin' n r. t t .i i v looKea ic euargeo. atteml lIcll parics if they are aware of their "t lunatic asylum at Black weirs Island, by to taose not an faith by that iined undying and as some- of this- kind have been their physicians; is said to have resulted in no r; Id resrTfe lbge?njant5r"f??wr character; con 7 power ;,much good alreadytT-gotten ui), . with the invitations headed prize of one thousand Iromthc hands of their enemie. , But thoe ."select." and as it is presumable that others will dollars, for the- - best history of the United their destntetm States since the Civil War, ;s offered by the who, ,ught tor l ower that which ha so Jnng arid m. often King of Denmark...... Mrs. 31. J. J;amb, of pafents to make the" strictest inquiries where the Saints,, made bare His arm for Ule slightest doubtVsts upon their minds, that Xew York, is preparing a history of the preserved hveranee, yet the unbelieving would .An old farmer states that their Empire City they may be satisfied beforehand their children ' ov i he has cured, his daughter of the Grecian ne miuro iniiiu ui vjron ert ui win tii.c are not exposed to blighting evil, nor thrown iii bend, by pouring water on her and holding of those who sought the lives of His servants. the way of insidious and dajigerdustemptation... her in the sun till she warped back again During - that- - trying period" thousands of the Streams In the neighborhood of Ghent. women of Utah longed for a metlium through REAL ETIQUETTE. Avhieh utterance to their'feel- t :.i 1. ments and the country , is inundated three iniKi 4VA.Mf:l. tliaii ulllu' il111111 Ule cas of vHlon 10 in those homes where parents observe ail the feet deep Avith water.. . u .Wash ing ton street , ulU aim uieir uimavermg jiope intJie future, little courtesies belonging to refinement of social Boston, had a $7o,000 "tire on the 23rd of It was during that period that the proj-- et of the intercourse, in daily life, are reared and edu- December which caused considerable con- Exponext was first and thought of, Itspublica- cated the true ladies and gentlemen of society. sternation...... George Colton a celebrated tion talked of by a few interested in the matter; The charms of beauty, of gracefulness and of American Indian painter and traveler, died althoufsdi it was not until .Tune that the way manners, are born of the inward soul, and are at Jersey Ci ty e w Yorl t wo days7 before to J Christmas 7 years old...... A young lady in ow, we commence qualitiesof the mind, notof iheoutwardpersom another the. with year, .,i,v.., wiw vu juir.iiiici a uu , llu uciic ait; uuuecwbax y Owensberg, while handling a pistol the . v. ua- vuemx oi imifl, ana tlieir for children whose parents possess the other day. accidentally shot herself through simple determinations .to do all the wicked- expressed All tact of yet important Jhe, heart,.,... portions. ofthe country making themselves agree-nes- s that is hearts. But same the ?,v it,,shlp mui jiorinwest,tec61d give accounts of almost unpre-cede- Power that -controlled will ed control, young peopfe will "unconsciously imitate .those. weigher. .. . . riiree passenger cars were recently precipitated from the anu iney win be able to accomplish nothing ways, tones and expressions with which they track, near Tonah, Wisconsin, by the break- more than they are permitted to do for working arc familiar, and that influence becomes a part -ing ota rail on the lilwaukee and St Paul out the purK)ses of the Almighty. of their natures. A woman who bears about Railroad, killing one man and injuring But the women of Utah are Ylceplv interested her a continuous earu and ihmiirbt filings for several.?.... Stokes second trial opened on in an uiese movements. Ostensibly anv blow I tii. k. ,.. in,v,.;.. December i23, result like the first nothing n i anil jiiwii1 ia tiliglessons in etiquette, by definite concluded. ....... A diamond was'- re- directed against the men; but can .our husband.- her daily, example, than years of study and cently found in the African diamond fields, fatliers, broth-and sons be inade the olyVr-teouiitless lectures upon J he subject-woulen-- , of 288 carats.. ..... The Pope severely de- of caluiiinioiis attacks, or even Yre vore, a;;d able them to acquire. ,V cordial and 'pleasant--mannenounces the conduct of. the . Italian and not 1)0 And while .much that participators? bea rs, a force of sunny ma gnetism, the German Governments, and declares that may be will be done in the attempted al!(nj influence of which is felt by all who approach church property sold by order of the Italian behalf of the n womr.i. rtr !"..?. the agent of such power; and true civility often.. Parliament conveys no title to thepurchaser utinll ..,.1 Jlf. l I 1jl e wamlcrtothoso who does good when most unconsdousof its ability. ......A fire atsPortland, Oregon, a few days "i? . . C JIOIIOT 111:111 mii i . . Tf r..n.. mai wnicii mi.l ' .im i!., ... nonce is uniueasant careiuny ji i -- '... 0 XF eeuii-month- wghTU 1 . lr. niu-fiUi- -- !, - - rst-4u- only-frieni- .ho a-ie- ". or --i- ;v ar pure-rainded"y- to-da- 1 ou v. 1 vrJ- to-d- ay w .. 1 : -- - : I - i 1 -- -- - v-A -- ; - - -- Belgiunirrhave-overrlowedVtheirerabank- they-eould-gi- ve ' .1 ' . 1 - rf,, in-thei- r hf has-alvay- & I . -- - v - s V . s d ; "down-tmdde- r " 1 11 'I' I 1 I n.-w- In 