n: - . .... ; . . .. . fT If .' , ... '- -, . nm - - "---- ' ... . , . ', J - - v , mm -- t.riTir.uj r4i ni.iiiiimn .Tim .iii . I V - ;t , WO MAN'S Ill EXPONENT. horn or naturalized in the JJiiited or health. President Albert Carrington, of the who is the wife, widow, or daughter ofStates, a native- - European Mission, was about to join then. '; Vr jwuimiizeil citizenof the United States, uU bejMititied to vote at ENCWRAfjKMKNT is oflered to theExroNKNT any election in this or lm iH ofWbivs conflicting in manj- instances from friends whose judgea"s ment and candor, as well as their open hearted-- ; with this Act are herebv repealed. ess we esteem very highly, and we are happy sime any one would attempt to dispute the faet In acknowledging our obligations aiict in tendermat Unconvicts these gentlemen of willful and ing our thanks for the same. ' .MN to': de A LAHfiE. number of patrons of the Exro-XE.. ..... ceive. who subscribed for six months, have .'not fu looking over the names Ave note some who renewed their .subscriptions, which expired VOiiVaLoue-tiivery anxfous tiTathc women some ago. Wi 11 they please renew im. of I tab should possess the elective franchise mediately, or we shall be compelled to stop ' were. Hieii, as; they are now, aspirants for forwarding thei r papers? r,iey ., i, ; j and and notoriety power; they imagined that TiiK'UM'iiEii of restless ami bad "men, .that women were weak, pliable beings, who could "streets are nowon the Xake city at 7 hot withstand their wonderfully eloquent t i m t ad i es shou Id be ii igh t, render it neeessa ly sophistries, hut would rush to the polls enthusi- ca reful 1 m w 1 t ravel t h icy' creetsjafter da rk, astically determined ion give these wordv n milerCmpa irtl hytrrrt a icroteytorn me "have wcrurfSir" ejiiol umen taiuLwheiithewomeuiLluiiilL wasiryvas not so, lut changes received the elective franchise, it was speed il v '" T-i dlk disease, small poxjhas lately apparent that they could think and act for visiietl a few of the wards of this city and some themselves, and that they would vole ftr the of the settlements of candidates whom they believed mast .suitable; in -- lorgan: county, in regaru -- to this as to and they actually did vote for the men who had other diseass which spread infection easily, a con ferretl ti pon t lieiii thelegal righito vote. few 'facts Should be more Avitlely known than Then came a change with these hefore-tim- e they are. Woolen clothes will carry contagion a i i nod eh a m rod-den t mo re read i I y t h a n co 1 1 on , a rid, cotfbn'.; even pio us of he 'do wn-- t wohieii of-- Utaluife moreread i ly- - than-l- ii en.r Tim 1 i a rdejr-t- he made a mistake, and reckoned without suill-cie- thread of which any fabric is woven and the acquaintance with independent woman-n- a closer the texture, it is the less likely to carry ture; and t hey have sinclrbTOOn We loudly Iiifeclioiu Clelnrtinoss &iloTt1rrhitraeterizc urgent Jfhat Congress should step forward and e very dwel i i lg a t a 11 t i mes, 1 u t double ca re annul the Territorial statute than they ever should he taken where there is danger froni were that the Women of Utah .should receive contagious diseases. In such eases disinfect L . ants, such as. chloride of lime, should be kept the elective franchise. As it is always well to know our friends, and in the house to be used asoccasion might require; as some of our readers or their husbands, fathers, wlule inittle vinegar sprinkled around in the or sons may, unfortunately, have occasion to room where a patient is suflering, will be found require the services of a lawyer, we append the 4Iuablew To these precautions should be added names of the twenty-si- x who urge upon Con- the avoidance of undue fear or excitement, and gress legislation inimical; to Utah', and the the use of every precautionary measure to taking from the women of Utah the right of prevent the spread of infection. suffrage. J. B. Koshorougii, 11. II. Robertson, A TEACHER'S STORY. C; V. Bennett, Win." 1 lay don, f When I was- on a mission (Mv. (iilchrist, in Scotland ' 1 -- said hey-It- )ne C. 11. Morgan, Frank Tilfonl, tlay picked tip a piece of a. P. Sol. I). J. Toohy, MeCurdy, newspaper which contained a story of a K. I'. Johnson, J. X. II. Patrick, great king of olden times, w hen the kings of the earth used to keep fools' .to make Wiii , 1. Applel y, Wm. Hyndman, ' for his once This them. M. rt a M. c gave mes Ca sport J king r, Iviikpatrick, 7 staff to his fool saying to : lunrJ.ie.did--soThomas Marshall, J no, Ik McBridc, " Tiiko thlstaffand kecpjUu 'Jonathan C. Hoyle, "Va rich Ea HI, G eo rge E. Whi 1 ley , greater fool than yourself, then give it to Wm. C. Hall, him.' The fool took the staff and" went .Tas. G. Spratt, Wells Spieer, his wayr and in the course of time the king W. W. (Jee, ' K. X, Baskin. was takeir very sick. He was, indeed sick -- . .JjVi' T, - .. wo ofalt 1 " 1 -- i iXT-TE- iiit . -- wlf-proel- They-ibundlhcyh- ad nt 1 :,! - , ? -- 1 FACTS AXJ) FIGURES. Tjik new directory 'of Dps Moines indicates -a population of lo,000. : The Omaha, Neb. "Dispatch" is dead. It run tho race with ijispateh. , A soiiDiErtV nioiiunicnt is to be erected at Dubuque, and the war. graves then fenced. Th river ice crop istmialedatL a inillion and a half tons, and was all, to he , gatherqd by the 1st of February. r -- ZIcIHieison, Ihe cju son, contains six houses and a e newspaper-tha "Messenger." live dog arrived in Lansing in a United Stales mail bag on the 24th ult., as a Christmas present for the postmaster. Fon the Centennial (f American indepen dence, Pliiladelphia will erect a build in a lira Uwilrcoverll 1 grotInd, i The greatest massof solid roninthcAVorl d t is4he great Iron 3Ioun tain in Missouri, - It is three hundred and fifty feet highland two miles in circuit. tV iStatistiad tables of . .The England show that lessrhan: thcLmaxriageabIe womciiotthat .cuntryAv.eraJiYi:fiffJu.,inari.; riage at the time of the last census. The Xew York "Herald" says,, the crime chastity in to be especially the province of the ' , liberated negro. " Conx'EUrs utiles "of Afmanoose county;" took up his ashes, set them against the house, and with his faniily went a visiting. When he returned his home was gone. Servant girls are scarce JivTopeka, Kan-saand :wi 11 continue to be so, sayjthe 1 A 1 oue-tliird- of the-South-appe- ars s, ' Coilimbn wealth , ' as long as w ives mainhelp. tain prejudice against Cedar Rapids gets the State Presbyterian Two men give becollege for $100,000. sides $25,000 each for endowment. It will open next September. ood-looki- ng world is the Mammoth Cave, in Kentflrcky, where one; can make a voyage on the waters of a TjiE-greti- test cave-in-t- he subterrannean river, And catclr fish without :"r.": eyes, rv The Rev. John Tecumseh Jones, ah in dustrioti economical Indian, of the Ottawa trile, died lately, and left his whole estate, $G0,O00,,h) the Baptists in the State of Kansas, for the education of ministers 'r;' v AtI eorgiiLrvy "mour all applicants for admission ner's bench," and the proceeds, in the shape of bowie knives and revolvers, are mflled off at the close of the services, for the benefit of :V , the missionary fund. A Wichita man was found carrying c6hceaIcdTdH)iit hisTicrson two navy revolvers, three pocket pistols--; two billiesf some brass knuckles, air air gun and a sword cane. He said he was going on tho plains to fight Indiansrbu the Cadi sent him to fight the vivacious ilea and enterprising bed bug in ':7' the calaboose. 7 Brain work costs more food than hand work. According to careful estimates and analyses of excretions, three hours of hard study wear out the body more than a wholeday of severe physical labor. Another eVidence of brain work is obtained from the fact that though the brain is only the weight of the body it receives h of all the blood sent by the about heart into the system. t(-t- he unto death and wiieu he kiiewT ,tlmt he must die, he sent for Iiis fool to coin e to him that liemight bid hinf a "rmid farewelL TiiEliE IS some excitement i n:the-I- st the When the fool appeared : before-'hiunseem here but the people Utah, king told him he was going a long journey affected by therontagion. into an unknown land, from whence he should never return. The , fool then asked , A Coi!iu:sroxiKXT in Alta, Little Cottonwood informs u that for several weeks her his master how he was goingiThc .Jv.lhg The fool inqu ired Jjedroom has been pcrfectlydark, from the win- Siiid lie did not know. hoV the king would be supported in the dows being under an cnorrnous snow drift, new home he was going to, where he should Attextiox is again 'respectfully called to remain forever, what provisions had 'been Xthe terms of clubs on the last page; with a hope for his journey- - and hisj stay. - The that the friends of the Ex rox kxt wil con t i n ue made king answered, none," and that he knew not to tisc their endeavors in behalf of the paper. anything concerning the way or the place. local as Mrs. WiLLMAirrii East, Agent 'Then said the fool, 'take this staff for in to receive hand on for the ExiOXKXT, is all my life, I have not been guilty of things be wJierevcr ; r it may for the same, as foolish as these.' " more convenient for subscribers to see Jier v "Now," continued the teacher, let us than the Editor or general Agent, not be Avorse than the fool: but let us day by whole world should agree to speak vv , fr, !wj,!r.f Smitl mid Idnv make some wise orenamtions for that IE the bat the truth, what an abridgement long journey, which all must take, and that nothing the. Palestine partv, among whom 'is Sister ' it would make of speech. w Snow, remits them in Italy enjoying good ne home Vluch all must enter." . -- HOME AFFAIRS. cii-cerni- ng m, -- ! 1 j one-fortie- th stib-scriptio- us one-fift- ! , j I ! ! ; 