1 Vol. 2. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, December 1, 1873. No. 13. EDITORIAL NOTES. An exchange has the folio win fir concern also towards indemnifiying those who may ingJYoman's JJight&inJaussiaii" Woman's bq shown to be entitled to indemnity." are extending even to Russia, Form the keedsbuby "Free Press" is said to Rights employ only women and girls to do its work, erly their sole public employment was the and to comment thus: We have a calico sweeping of the streets under the eve. or A GIRL HEBO. rather .under the of the and Police, whip two . "foreman", dimity "compositors" and ' the sweetest little. "devil" in pink muslin, jimis was a privilege, confined to drunkards. Acts of heroism aro not alone performed But now all is changed; and at a time when mat can be found any: where, v uritam is trying to exclude them from its by men. They are not limitedJo battle fields The Hon. George Q. Cannon has ': been medical colleges, an edict has T been issued tor to the deck of sinkincr vessels. Lottie admitted a member of the House of Repre- - o,iue uKu: w) auorajnem; lacmties lor ac- - Dougherty, of Millville, New Jersey, a ypungrschool girlf studieditelegraphing last ; sen tatives at Washington, Possessing the 3Uinnr-ariborouconfidence, and being assured that he has ry, ana the other branches of Surerery and summer, jmcliuiAugustSd the faith and prayers of the people he rep-- Medicine. ,They are also to bo admitted as tion at Randor, a station on the Central PennRailroad, boarding at Eagle resents, hisjE Theyaro en? sylvania. a mile or more distant. One evening, be eificient in their behalf. f: FF sauciness, a thunder storm cam e up. The lightning and above all, to ; propagate no scandal." A fond mother is said to have carried home ( They are liotrho we verr to be intrusted with tiruckithazinstrumentandf burned puMhe She supplied another and was yuuuie ui iace mines, a uoit m siik, some I privilege oi votiner. or oi meetiner . m magnet. ribbons and skeins of worsted, the other public for the purpose of discussing nhilo. ready for business. Going to the door she by the light of a flash of lightning, day,;fr6mtoreTih one of our western (sophic questions.", Apparently; the cause noticed cities, where she left her baby lying on the of woman is progressing, favorably in jiearh that a large tree had been uprooted by the counter. We don t credit the story. Babies all parts of the world the'United States storm and blown across the track.1 An exare not so stupid as to admit of such a should be no longer slow to perceive wo- - press train was due in a few minutes, and blunder if a mother might be. man's needs and grant her justice in all re local trains would follow it. She - comprehended the situation in a moment, and opspects. 31b. Joseph Abch suggests in a letter to posed by several men in the station, she seized a signal lamp, ran through the fearthe Commissioners of Immigration, that an Of The (Yirginius" affair, which has emmigrant house be established, combining caused so much talk and excitement of late, ful storm up the track; and swung her lamp cleanliness and comfort with protection, in we find no account of the particulars more ful till she heard the engineer whistle; down which newly arrived immigrants, who may ly given in few words, than which appears in brakes. The speed of the train, was checked, be obliged to wait in New York for employ President Grants Message. He says. "The so that the cars were not thrown off the ment or transportation west, may be pro. steamer "Virginius" was, on the 26 th day track, though the locomotive struck the vided with a home without resorting to the of Sept. 1870. duly registered at the port of tree with such violence as to hurl a heavy swindling boarding houses of the city. It New York as a part of the commercial ma branch against the girl's shoulder, throwing 7 ; rine of the U. S. On the 4th of October.1870. her down the embankment into a deep ditch. is a praiseworthy suggestion. having the certificate of her register in the She was taken out and carried to the oflieo , "The Bolton Guardian"" (England.) usual legal form, she sailed from the port of where she telegraphed the news of the ac has been publishing interesting letters from New York, and has not since been within the cident and remained on duty all night A Mr. Birch, and one signing himself "Equal- - territorial jurisdiction of the U. S. On the Large sum of money was collected for her by the passengers, which she refused. Six lty," the former defending, the latter con- - 31st of October last, While sailing under the months after, the brave) girl died from the temning polygamy. In one of his commu- - flag of the U. S., on the high seas, she was nications, "Equality" says, "As an English- - forcibly seized by the Spanish gunboat"Tor-man- , injuries received in saving the train. Men my indignation naturally arose to see nado," and was carried into the port of San- - and women, whose lives were saved, a great such an ungodly thing as polygamy defend- - tiago de "Cuba, where many of her passen corporation, whose property was saved, took ed." As an Englishman, then, how would gers and crew Were inhumanly and, at least little thought of the poor girl who had ha for. home andr "Equality" deal with the wretched 'practice as related to those who were citizens of the zarded so much. so common in England, by which hundreds j u. S., without due- process of law put to parents, she remained at her post of duty oi women become motners wno are never death. It is a well established, principle, almost to the time that death . came to her. ' .' acknowledged by any man as wives ? asserted by the U. S. fiom the beginning of Ex. "Equality's" views upon the subject of mar our national independence, and recognized riage, appear very one sided, as do the opin by G reat Britian and; other maritimepQWji Illinois has lately elected eleven ladies to. Christian world, ers, and stated by the, Senate in a resolution ions of most of the which W'ould derCmore than half its Wo-- passed unanimously, on, the 16th of June, be School Superintendents. 1858, that American vessels on the higli seas men me privilege oi marrying at an. in the time of peace. bearing the Ameri Rejiaiks of a Mastodon. Mr. Litt, re" A very extraordinary accident by which can flag,remain under the jurisdiction of the siding some six miles north of this pi ace, the Persian gulf cable was broken, has been country to which they belong,and therefore not long: since, whilst sinking a well, and recorded in late papers. The cable between any visitation, molestation or interference after having passed through ' the hard pan feet Khurrachee and Gwadur. about 300 miles with such vessels by force on 'the part of a and several stratas of sand, at forty-fiv- e distance, suddenly failed to work one .eve foreign power, is in derogation of the sov- reached , albedof gravel, and , with it an s found necessary in order toi ereignty of the U.S. In accordance with abundance of good water. Embedded; howrung. make repairs, to wind in the cable, in this principle, the, restoration of the "Vir-giniu- s' ever, in the top of the gravel, ho passed more than usual resistance and thosurrendef of . the survivors through the skeleton of a- - mastodon. - Sev was experienced. After a considerable of her passengers und crew, due reparation eral of the Tbones,iira "good state: of ;preser- amount of time and perseverance, 'an im- to the flag, and the punishment oL the au vation, were brought to. the surface. I In mense whale . was brought to the surface, thorities who had been guilty of the illegal one of the bones was discovered a flint; ar- such as is in common uso by the and found to be firmly secured, immediately acts of violence, were demanded. The above the tail, by two and a half tons of the Spanish government has recognized the present Indians of this continent; The was so completely embedded in cable. The body had been partly eaten by justice of the demand, and has arranged for w-head sharks and other fish", and Was 'rapidly de- the immediate delivery of the vessel and the bone that there can be .ittle doubt; that ' composing. The tail,, which measured 12 for the surrender of the survivors of the it was shot into the monster animal near the feet across, was perfect and covered with passengers and crew, and for a salute to the time of its death. .This fact carries with it branches at the extremities; and it was sup- flag, and for proceedings looking to the pun the reflection- that these monster 'animals, posed that with a sudden fillip of this tail, ishment of those who may be proved to have the remains of- - which are now .visible, do the fish had twisted the cable about him, and been guilty of illegal acts of violence, to not antedate the present Indian race inhab Modesto News. been unable to extricate himself. wards citizens of tho United States: and iting our continent ... . . rr . Sta-tio- n, T ; , . ... - , so-call- ed ; : . It-wa- . per-Tformingwi- chf . . row-hea- d, . ; , - arro- 