WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 144 n o. M. I. - - AVO MAN'S EX Determined that nothing shall bp waiting on the part of the Publishers, to increase the circulation of the Exponent and aid in promoting the objects Con we business an of demand Ibo meet To increasing tcmplated in its publication, by. making it truly an exponent of tho views of tho women of Utah, sustained by them, read by them, and its columns have added an essential addition to our enriched with a widely circulated expression of their thoughts, we offer the following terms to clubs, so as It E T A Ii It O O M , to preparo.for increasing the value and importance of the paper with the beginning of tho next volume, , a Utah l( )N EXT. jiAiniis' JoinixAu i . I w herein tho most economical buyer can , -- wJiLclilftrgebsmpUo be-fuited. year, with a copy to the getter up of the club - -- -visitants 15 copie?, 1 year, v ith a copy to th o getter It is our highest ambition to suit our various - r - : up of the club 20 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter and purchasers, ami to display our varied fabrics up of the club and a framed steel engrav- -' mg, 12xlG inches, of President ' lirigham Young, selling price, 2 oO regardless of jurchacr CO copies, 1 ear, with a copy to the getter j 10 copies, , occupy a position which attention of intelligent thinking men anil attractive worsen every whore. They are engaged in the practical solution of some of the greataHsocial and moral protlems of tillage, and a powerful interest h mani- to-d- ay fcstedrQughpuiU sources the views honestly eiiterttined by thorn oh 1 13 women of Utah 00 these questions. - . They have been grossly miriepresoiited through thcpres3, by active enemies who permit no opportunity to pass of maligning and slandering tliem ; and with but limited opportunity of appealing' to the in151 00 telligence aiidrcandor of their fellow countrymen and countrywomen in reply. tipt)rtfttUD7Raupcnorursc-Trrtwti,-Who are so well able to speak for the women of steel engraving of President: Brigham .J'hiiLdeparlmy Utah as the women of Utah themscl v es? " It is bet- Young, handsomely framed, selling ter torepresent ourselves than to be misrepresented ' price $4 whether in Clubs can be commenced at any time; and addi- - j by others 1" Hons can bo made after tha first list of names has For these reasons, and that women may help each DOMESTIC Oil FANCY BKRSS GOOHS, ben sent. by registered- le iter, at the other by the diffusion of knowledge and information Money can be remitted :. risk of the publishers. :. .. possessedqbyvmany and suifllblct3 all, the publica cither by tho yard or pieco. '. ios the We hope ld throughout a journal owned ..by, Territory, especial- tion of Woman's-Exi'ONknt- , y of Relief: Societies controlled by and edited Secretaries and Presidents the ly 7" Utah ladies, has been by 7 ivill en d ea vor to get up xl ubs, and that tb ey wi con commenced. ot tiio stitute themselves agents lor tho extension ' The aim of this journal will bo to discuss every .. circulation f tbe.ExroNKNT. su iTw' HF WALLACK bj ect "in tsresti ng aiidrval uaTHonibTwdraenj contain a brief and graphic summary of current news & Has thebest," largest and purest stock of confec QAMPBELL PATTERSON, local and general, household hints, educational mat-teri and n ladies for Dealers articles on health and dress,, correspondence, Look?, Stationery Newspapers,. tionary in Sajr Lake city Just the place editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its East Temple St., SaH Lako City, Utah. to pu rch as e. r columns and miscellancousjreading. i Orders from the country solicited, It Will aim, to defend the right, inculcate sound Liberal discount to Sunday school Library s. w. ii. oitovEs, principles, and disseminate useful knowledge. Woman's for General X) Exponent. Agent3 r DENTIST, Utuh, in its Female lielicf Societies, has the best Offie Second South" Street' Three doors wet of organized benevolent institution of the age ; yet, but v. TO THE LADIES, PECIAL .east of block half a Western rcat Hotel, (j Elephant little is known of the labors of these . 7 .Store, Salt Lake City." Societies. In Woman's Exponent a department Olfice Hours from 9 a.m. to 5 i.in. We would respectfully call your attention to the will be devote ! to reports of their meetings and other matters of interest connect' d with their workings ; fact, that we have one of the Largest and best Stocks JOJINSO'N'S and to this end the Presidents and Secretaries of. the of Ladies', Misses' and Children's FU11S in Sets, asi various ffpieties throughout the Territory are reHOMEMADE FAMirJY 3rEI)ICINK8 L quested to furnish communicatione whichjill receive Warranted to be Better than the Best found will be due attention. also Capes and Collars (separate), that Miss Eliza It Snow, Presid cnt of tht enti re Fema e BONESET PILLS. Purely vegetable. They in this City. Also a large assortment of Fine Shoes lUlitf Societies, cordially approves of th journal, cleanse and purify the blood, stomach and bowels. find will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from " Act powerfully upon the liver, kidneys and urinary of Philadelphia and California make, her, numerous duties. ., Break and organs. up fevers, strengthen digestion Woman's Exponent will be published semiThe above goods we will sell at the lowest possible bring the rosy Lue of health to face emaciated. A re monthly, each number containing eight pagos, quarto: tonic, cathartic, stimulant and soothe, by removing The following low rate wilf place it within the, the cause of disease. Are safo and harmless in all price. of. all, and the hope is that it inay bo iiindb so DUNFOIiD .t SONS, cases where cathartics are required," for either fc'x, for Halt Lake City. vahmble that it will be found in every family' in j young or cldV-- T "" U3e any more imported pills. Price 25 cents. TEUMS, Strictly in Advance : a 2G 00 . . - " - . '. rr 1 1 .. s, , . in. -- self-sacrifici- ng " . Im-Jlort- ed 1 1 , ' Am. v; color. v':f;''T: 2-- - Co-operat- ive one-twelf- th St. Oeor,'e, Utah. :- - . Copy one year, Coi'iea one ycar, SiOO Copy nix lu'ontb?, Coi'ios fix month?, 1S.1M) 1.00 Lr:r-:- ' : A i dress all communicatiois and subscriptions, if it refuses to submit to insults, it offers : none; it begins no disputes; enters, no need- Uthh. less quarrels; it is above the little- - troublesome ambition to be distinguished every YOUR IIOMKS. yUltXLSH Avith and silence in bears it replies moment; no and ."making - 1 would enemy modesty, fearing advio the Ladiesvho want to buy none; and it is as much ashamed of insolence n-tai- ? .':"."-'- Tiiue bravery is sedate and inoffensive; i nuTJ-iiant- pound 1 10 JU Sl.uo of theory. No for less received than six subscription months. JTe who sows courtesy reaps friendship, is earnestly desired that the Kishops, Presidents It and he who plants kindness gathers love. of Female Iielief Societies and others interested in a Ilk who never sacrificed a present to a future .work of this kind," will interest themselves in getting cood, or a personal to a general one, can " up eluhs; ton copies for the price of nine. Mind do as of the of only happiness speak .r::: KYE BALSAM. For dimn(ss; f vision, weak or drooping eyelids, inflamed eyes,' old ulcers, Fores, ringworm, tetters, cracked or sore lips, hands, etc. Price 25 cents. n CONKL1N FALYE. Por jmin? orlwoflknoss in tho side, back, breast, or other part of tiie .cytPm, cents. . cuts, w6unl., sores, etc. Price ESSENCE OF Li FE cures cholera, diarrhea, summer complaints, coughs, cholics, toothache, and many other ills. Price o0 fonts. These medicines are for sale, wholesale ami at DIU'O HTOKE, .... 740N,S Salt Lake City, and at roost of the ttoros throughout tho Territory. to If not kept in your storos, ask jmir send for them. , i Ftores throiiehout tho Territory furnished on commission, or sold at rnto HilvMntgeous to puicnasers. AGENTS are author izotl to re fund the money, whero tho medicines do not fcivo. satisfactioa Hnd distribute to the poor needing the pills at expense o the proprietor of amount dipused of. From tho Laboratory of J. K. J0HN8OX, ounce of practice is better than ' J as cowardice. ... and drink and be comTo live loiig--e- at fortable. Never go to excess, and always be hopeful. Let the world wag as it will, be jiap- il'yr.1"1 goes well, laugh; if it goes ill, never en , ior inai mates u no ueiier. lie cneenui, contented, simple in habits, active in' pur-- . suits, wish well to man and have faith in God. Then shall your years stretch out like a summer's day, and your youth shair be , Pnhli-hrr- s P.nrliir nnd IVoman's Exponknt, Salt Lake City,' ' l!f:d-ro.)i- n fin Sets of furniture to call and examiiip the immense ftock kept by IL TUNWOODKV, ! perpetual. At No dl, Kahj.,Ti iup!o Str'wt.'i, South Street. d i. T, rUtl 