W O M A N ' S I E X P O N E N T. 108Tv.; ANNIVERSARY OF THE BIRTHDAY OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH. THE LIVING SOUL. SPLINTERS. Mrs.:XI verraoro arraigns "Tho Hub": city As the soul is the man, and the material for spending, last year, $41, 000 ibrrefresht body only his house while upon the earth, a . rii nn rir vstr m r irii vitrii iiimii r iv i 1 1 1 9 inn v - i paid for'soup for the poor...... A younggiri; of Peoria, 111., lately became hopelessly insane through over study and anxiety to secure a first prize at schooL,,The , $4,000 was -- , . ; I cQllegQarje women,IatelyTeeeivea Si W4onated:by. Siam a citizen of that place,.. , The schools in his has estabHshecr twonglish dominions where the sons of his nobles are : o be educatedThe three avereJgnsTr.th - greatoslem irer&ia ana viceroy oi Jti.gypi; lA.Irt IVIUiinn 1 1 1 i 1 1 i 1 1 it v ! iiui ii;ii v i i - a - 11 - i published in book seer, the English artist, Avas latef Cathedral ; buried St. in Paul's ly Alarge number of members and associates of the -- hiMmag commenioratmn put mto the grave, the man is. never.- put r from bein our last home, the thero So - pP eorpsesare the"?i grave is not our home at all, for ?. wo rare 8Pf never laid in it, nor go near it. Happy the fHf9-eu Emperor William of Germany intends to present a painting of; the erand review of T.i" j IirrrtixrVx ai X'OttfUam,. 4 uidx-xusm- u ,a, Thn A nronf TLnlv whA wn 713 fin va Anmo in C.l T .1. "Vi months. enfTo" ft Amw: An K did tor the world. hersex, as Aurr,:.rAWFMUIt V1 Ifl'2' jnesix " Fridayi? " 3iendx 2J? . and , ReSOiyed. due "as a just tribute to uh- ' V... TOUfX v 1 x-- apprer, drawn on her deparfure with er husband pn'ja amiaoia aeportment, wnica Has been in every respect exemplary, irreproachable and worthy SALT LAKE CITY, Dec. 15. 1873. ox imitation. Itesolved,; That we n unite our J foith and prayers in behalf of this, our young sister, her ANNOTATION. husband and all with whom they are associ In the nresenfc issno of thiF TCypavfic will Ifated aa missinrmrfps. . u r n reD0"j 01 tne i ngs, lor the on motion it was decided that the forinc of the American Woman Suffracre msolutfons past year, niihiuhl in wrtw a - t?, erive ViJ We to Association,; it. believing0 UrvW., place auu tu iuu Tt-iviwaiucu xsiaiiua. PJ that It will be perused with interest by our JNIaS. I. HoENPresident , ; I uoua 1 sy . i'j. it . - BU POLITE. . tive 5 . i t . ; . efficientlyrdischarge Mrllyd asgecretarylTf this t rr, ' .. Retrenchment Association, on the 6(h , of December, . 1S73, the following resolu- n unanimously adopted: f. n tms ere Resolved. That inasmuch ars.-lmber- t late Miss Mary AV Jenklns,f has cheerfully,' r Amenta, EastTempUtreeUr ltterson, : in S 9rte . - fff have geatly diminished. ..It has lately .been discovered that iron filings i are put into tea as an adulteration, not so - much to increase the weight as to give color to the infusion . In the southern part of the Russian Em pire female Savior is said to have appeared, who claims to be the, daughter of God. and readers. We do not see why some pRhe students i ;The fact thahevomen of Utah erijoy In -many respects, more freedomhan is granted to r- whp, as well a the rest, great exertions to acquire knowledge and fit ifromerriir other parts ones among them any thfmfiPlV0 ffr llifrh TlAdldnnr. Xn JJ giveto tne intelligent should be so ignorant of the common rules of dlsposition to boasfc of the advantages they , But politeness as not to be able to reach thpfr hold over the less iavpred of their. se .hands. to their hats. Tis true, such ceremo- - fatIief creates within them a sympathetic of the least ImnortmrM fn (lm miHi sire to see all others possess as man v vainohiA cation of, a true gentleman, for the practise privileges and blessings as are enjoyed by them-- r of hat tipping may bo acquired by one de-- selves. We would also have it understood that void of all principle; yet it denotes good the women of Utah are not unappreciative nor as it is a custom so ideutified ungraterui Jorttie interest which was manl-wit- h uicwi.igmiu a courteous gentleman, it affects us dis- - footed in their behalf bv th: IT1IT nod instead of Suffrage Association, in its active efforU to do agreeably to receive X,? won,aoquirea oy politeness, feat the Frelinghuysen bill, whicli; was intendec . . Miss Anna Smith, Secretary. are-mak- ing -not ' "E DUCATIONAL" IMPROVE MENT ' Improvements in the arrangements of schools, methods of teaching, and in the choice of teachers, are taking a decided and pleasing; prominencein the grand march of progress, in this Territory as well.as in other portions of the.worldJ No changes which are marking the present ' era of tlme ': can be of a more satis- factory nature, and none could be more necessary. ""V'TIT V" In time past, it has been with the teachers of youth ; here, too much as wi th the e!priv: re tl Uiu wailTIl linil I r ilnnri i thorn rf tlm Ihf t abroad. Parents have thought that their chil the "akindon of manner affected, does not though the action on the of Associthe part dren must go to school,no matter .what sort of " Xi iruo gen' t,on was made in tn6 common cause of women a school was ' i WJ taught: neighborhoods have con Z? throughout the Union, yet its immediate ben sidered that schools of some kindrnfc hrt . , T de-niea- , '": r. are ; : rr- it finnr. dicelheVoS we 1 W are receivinir a universal would it not be beneficial to have introduced a little instruction in Jhe rules laid down by Chesterfield, whereby wo may imitate the best of our professors? E.r; M. As r " i atiff iiv-uMi- p,!,! - tabllshcdLwithteitheiprecinc im3 Acmtory ln lUe maluta,nIuo of their right had to "prices' to persons totally unfit " to the elective franchise. We consider the ac to fill pay high Just mn!z tion display etl a liberal and unsectarian spirit having no abilily for accomplishing ' strangely in contrast to many who would either have been instaUed in the' pulpit, irianything, dlffnfc manifest indifference, or,' what is still worse, parts of the world, as of the gaspel.' v"; tM actlle part in seeking to deprive' llieiffel-lo- Orten, iii consequenceteachers of a want of educacitizens, bvi unjustIeM3latIonrorTTipTrWr tion and reflection, parents and;guardianshave.-thoug- ht stitutional rights. that one would do verv well as a f we thosVinter" in behalf of offer, concluding and overseer of little children, if he were so un- ested," our cordial acknowledgments, both, to ortunate as not to, be naturally irifted with a ail the ladies who so truly befriend the wo common of good sense, or even thour-- h men of Utah,, and also to Senator Sanrent for his moralportion character might be questionable. nls able opposition to the gross wrong intend- Utan Jiowever, as probably manv othrrnnr. tions of country when newly until hers w Jtoyal Academy, England, instead of Hie holding the usualwinter exhibition of pic- tures by Old blasters, will dovoto their roonxs to a complete collection of paintings, draw- ings, sketches, etc., by Sir Edwin Landseer, of thn VnrtuZ HZ UXK3 "err arusts 11 c.:in In alarcre assembly of the Senior and Junior Co-opera- THE W 0 M AN S EXP 0 N E NT T,, Ki;,K .J be executed by Profc Menzel....'..The de is announced of the celebrated Italian sculptor, Constantino Corti......In Brooklyn, rNew York, travel on the horse railways is said to n sv. rr 1 , . Ten copies acknowledgment Vl V u iucrusin raics; wen square, cijrnt l assuming merit ono time, V hi per month, 1. loaneL,JCingJ lines oi nonpareil pace, General Tha iroop . v ACIQO WLE1)GMEN T. L. GREENE EICHABDS, EDITOE. art attended the oteequies.;.v..Tho on t r w ,m Mywg uieu uuu .wot I EXPONENT. "wfTioh'YI i i ' A , vl n Spr-Tpmnlw nf Hrul n Roy0lTtAdemyrtistsrli teraryjnand lovers of r . Ctollege-rmheslat- e fqrm.....Sir Elwin Lartd - m ft nni na f were oorn in i weparieu-gjirin- celebrateidf. x ; tnorior "iiumaiDeveiopment?; is I'resiuent ea,:ine isles aeserpeq, ana to pe eontempia-- ed wjth Mrs. Alfred .Gaily, of England, produced a walls of some ancientrtim'W xex. consiaeraoie nuraoer oi very aeiicaieiv exe-cuted and tasteful etchings which were , i being since the beginning of the world, has Joseph Smith, first President of the Church of ' ever yet been, buried no, not even; for the jesus! "Christ of Saints;1 On" th6f Latbray: dl Of .,moraentsr-burier a vllow fqw spacO evening of that day a Social Party, under tlie can a living soul be buried ? .Man is where supervIsIon of Mrs.1E. Davis, will be , Ms conscious being is-- his memory,.hLslov-emh mbIy R6omg jn tWa narnnt70.WnHh ih a Pnrit m All ofVinn?sIecal nr. u XAift.ftx.rn. i qiiiii ntr populated, ; -trA ? I 