1 WOMAN'S KXPONKNt "Good Gracious" is (lie latest novel name nkntwo earnestly desire a continuation of the for : he!rbinpvr-.vSunineCounty, Kansas, aid so cheerfully tendered in the past; eontri-wi- ll plant one thousand acres of cotton this buttons on such ; .topics." of interest as our lady Whilelaw Reid denies his intention to Tho editress of year...v.Philaclelphja ladies aro petitioning cnrrespoiuleiits may feel led to Write upon; marry Anna Dickinson for female inspectors of woman prisoners...... reports, as before, of the works and progress of "Hearth and Home," Mrs. Iar.v 2 of (he jroing abroad for her health. .....Kate Stan- - The (Mi ult. was the ith anniversary many Relief Societies of the Territory, to establish made effort combined tho first Great of tou is lecturing on the "Loves ,vi.,.i, n nlir m!n,l.JiasJMMUuone olUheniost .oJ in illtcreslinW features of the last volume; and such rights etiuarwitTrilioso man, 3Ien.'tnr,..TlimTnisTor 7oTtn"? Tnfenor oTfwnum's x.u expense ui ui France and the minister of public instruc- tms country other assistance as a desire to foster and extend beof Shah, the of pean tour, iniiuenee "of the journal for good may lion have tendered their resignations repia:icstimated - ti,c Hoiof hen at same cabinet, 5,0)0,000k...,.Tho daugliter cause they eanhot serve in the weiaJ1, kilied York in New man lately young ::....A throe hears witn a nan niucjiei,.;...ja um irum oiiu riituua.u, ru v a iuuuwu uu the Spirit of iwAimiMv'r to-- - to conduct it. nf fhfi on ihoWth ult. .....Dental sunrerv has been fntnnwt t th IEnglish kmgua, sixty Jnalri(tgctAlictionary-vrerniwt lately- shipped fnr- YokahoinaIWeoTcassiz com- Shah of Persia travel with him......Tiie lotn ana oecome a necessity m every nuuwm -year on the 28th of of May this year, was celebrated by the- whcrejnghtjiml -truth are the governing pnn pleted his sixty-sixt- h i May. Ho has been in Ajnerica 27jyears. Colored peoplaof Nework as theanniver- eiples. gary of the jKissage of the Civil Rights bill. 'l HINTS O HOME LIFE. vnllov...: 'fir.- Alluins. Vermont, has had a A Pennsylvania hen has hatched a chicken f ....... SloO.000 ' fire.... ..A terrible fire in Drum- - with four legs and four wingsr but only one mond colUery, hear Pieton,:;Nbva Scotia, head...... Elizabeth Cady Stanton wants It is never wise to make any sudden changewas lately occasioned by an explosion of gas, women to let their children go without bibs, iiynpdeso SPLINTERS. IJ'fr ' Inf County & ... & 1 . " -'- W-l . .vrThe election - , fbUowet -- was ... 1 at i ho -- last their Jiusband'slsIiirtO totahotoof-Spai- n i V T - , , ' ..: - in correing th the men Ition should be studied, and greatiraredmaken to avoid the very frequent erroTof straightway tr Pennsylvania LegisMure pn)hibitstho gale adopting the opposite extre.ne, which, in many idayrccen tly no 'murderer wa' luiiig of New and another York, in oysters during the tSummer months Carroll, Illinois, cases, may prove to be as bad. or worse than i er TJiree thousiuia isioies are ciannca to An caucationai penoaicai says tncreia a For i nslanetvi f be daily distributed tiy the teach lowed the practice ot thing in Ay a nu or tepid 103 New done are in Boston in There the teachers female, 8, places ing by Society...... and no oftcner than once a week, it The Pit primary schools' than by the professors of water, York City where liquor is sold. would not be wisdom to begin at once taking River Indians are trying to bring about a Harvard College daily ba ths inxoldwateiTal t hoilglf-- ! t'is now war with the white settlers there, though getterallyZcoeHle'Iiriat- - the latter - form of "isfo : :: J yQ T? Y P niVT FAT HP bathinc is a most healthy one. Tweed, iysjreiprtedii)leaa3'4inotguilty. THE xiomes wnere love ana eneenuiness aoounu, on fifteen indictments for fraud.. ....Vien- are the homes of industry and frugality There nese Commissioner, General Van Uuren, anoumbej -- at-M- " mm- I 1 a m ' mm- the-form- -- their-regular-c- hief LOUISE L. aiKi;xi:, Editor. lias been accused of fraud ulency, writes wrho t&J' maybe a seeming ecstacy in luxury accom- panied with leisure and indolence; but the true exist in the care and pains One copy one year, $2; onecopy, 8ix month?, si Ten copies M3's of home-lif-e eight token the members of a family, and the Campbell & Patterson, General Agent, East Temple street, labors perfdrmetl bv eaeh, in the creation of 'r Hsunsh i neand hapju nessr Address all Dusine?f communii'at ions to Publishers Woman's Exposext, It should not be eoiisidereI burdensome and tfalt Lake City, Utah. Richmond, ATa., by a coroner's jury... trj'ing to perform any domestic cluty, or make Great failures are announced in Vienna and any sacrifice which reason demands, to promote SALT LAKE CITY, Juxi: 1, J873. a money ianic prevails there to a largo the welfare and satisfaction of any or all porextent.... ..A much admired stiitue of the! tions of the household. Children are verv ant ArOLUME TWO. of Naples has been finished by to dislike work, and to complain of the tasks 31iss I Iosmer...... Atchison, Kansas, is re-- 1 enters its second year, required of them, even though they are light l)orted to be weeping over the strength of The ExpoNKNT its new onions.. .. ..Cincinnati' sold and drank While its success has exceeded the xpecetations land trifling. This is Hot because employment 35,000 barrels of beer during the month of entertained when its publication was com-- j of head and hands does not accord with the April..... ..Mrs. Arthur Arnold, wife of the meneeuYU has not been such as to yet justify laws of nature. A: Infants prove1 by theireverv movements in their wakeful T editor of the Ijondon "Echo," is translating certainimprovements .which we hope at an busy, to introduce. The question of en- moments, that action is an essential of 8enor Castelar's' work on Rome into English, early day in large numbers are moving largement, or of issuing weekly instead of mated being; amUneeds only to be properly to Kansas...... Italy has seven- Iowa ha s3een considercnL but itrwuires governed anUz'lrain.edihatitixiayotffJiFtfie from; a even riecn univcrsiuesauenuexi ry students, f larger subscription i list than we yet channel of usefulness.: Parehts-oftegive their ......One million dollars for school purposes have to' warrant such a step. We have not children incorrect ideas eoneeriii ut? tmrtrsi-- f has been apropriatecVbythelllino all important power without intending to do so. While verbally seeking to instill into i"uian, medium, although advertisements are the great 1;l.lure r111 ; UII 1110 SOUrCC Of llieomo for mosf. 5nnrnnle. iho loctt-r- i ouiiiiuur ! tlin vnnfliful mlnrl iqnaai ..isLuuu.uniuui; I . ' . illifr-., nnn hiimlnul h nf Inn SVOrlli I'l'itf oeing to uevote tne space to matter of greater that "there is no excellenee without labor," himself and Minister ..The sister of Jay.... rcirobjiting i. il. i lie iasi amed minister was lately inarrieil. ......The New lork "Herald" pays Kate Field $2,000 yearly for writing..... .The seal of condemnation lias been set on dueling in to President Grant-exculpatin- g 1 Ex-Que- H..ki:.l.J I : C. il. t 1 i. T Tri.t m . en to-d- ay less ani-Emigrar- bi-week- its ly, iv n r I . A :&tSS? a"! "iSri theysonirforgetthemselves asto utterc.m- - Uew to us u year ago, we plaints-i- n the presence of their children, of leeted by Professor Agassiz. and irty..!.. 'C and freely tendered assist- - their cwn hard fare; and by Tea is pressed as a substitute tor brandy whining over the bce11 much appreciated, and arduous labors they have to perform, the n in tho Russian army; they will, doubtless, f"ce' . t1 xlcnenee d"rhig the year, that tions they are obliged to make, and the weari-b- y in time that pure water, undefilcd .ain 118 1,1 futurc editorial labors. aitl It is not some life assigned them, they lead the little either is the most wholesome beverage. to be supjwsed that in the limited space at Mules arc exempted by the Georgia .people to think that work is merely a dra our command there could be all for the which should be kentoflT if nossih!p the prevention of cruelty to given Society animals.... ..One of the earliest and host variety of topics and reading matter which a Ifamnthorfrivvof ldisturbetl woman nrcacners., uivmiua , , . . . lirnu-wntjl1" oK,,f jumnai. eomains: out our pftnrtM lvnvnl ,i..8 a iu. ..v. foniina v.v....eo uwuuivi HOrK WniCil Slip iue uuiies, .Urected towanb imrarting as much aud lecls .mablo to lately marncd at 1'rovulcnco, R. I....... instead of doing wliat ITom all larts of the countrj- - eomo good information as iwsslble, on topics of can with mikins-fointerest to women reiiorts of the apiwaranco of the wheat nnuliS. fortitude Uiou-l- if thi.s Minnesota wis letters continuallv a,n..;.,.A.inan aU dead with his head in a kettle of rartsof the Territory, and from other ? ' f' T mri, of water the other .nri.I,,g..;...A writer from the world, have i San l)icK Mys. positively tho there given araneo ioplo ve Ilot of "ork nllottetl to 1 too much, and that ? live on climate: it would be a nice thin-- to 1! i ,.i,...i I f rr n :iro in lncrnirul (V in.. have such a climate' broadly ox'emiedr.....! ji rff1kl"d f - exer-lear- - n w -- -- nl Ja ehec-rin- fi... ! g tE ' FcrLT M!''-foun- K hf d Uatlheio ) - : I : I i ! 