WOMAN'S EXPONENT., 80: SATURDAY NIGHT. MISCELLANEOUS. What max carries everything before jJJARY "Saturday rsonfeoiiecbeautifully says: sets their hearts night makes people human, to beating softly. It is Saturday night,and ' him? The waiter. The .man who had "a will of his own" business breathes free' again. Homeward, didn't get on very well at home, because his ho! The door that has been ajar all the wife had a "won't of her own." week gently doses behind him, the world is all shut out. 'Shut out? shut in rather. Here Methods of iNFLUENCfi. There is no are treasures a fjter all, and not in the vault, doubt that, among our social obligations, and not in the book, save the record in the that of influencing others to right conduct old family Bibleand not in the bank. May should rank very hisrh. We have not ful bo vnn arft !i bachelor, frosty and forty. when filled our whole duty to our fellow-me- n fello v,: Saturday night is nothing poor Then, we have accorded them liberty of action, to you, just as you are notmng to auyoouv. but have Secured their natural rights, and- re- Gfit a wife, blue-eve-d or black-eyeonward moved "all impediments to their Get a little home, no above all, true-eyeand , a direct a sofa just to hold two, or progress; we also owe them' matter r for influence good. positive KlanlljEhalf ' . ana tnen reaa mis para of it Burmese A Saturday night, potter, Puxished. Envy by the light of your wife's eyes, and I is said, became envious of the prosperity of agraphGoTTand takecouniger 2 : 2 .. . a washerman, and to ruin him, induced the thank king to order him to wash one of his black elephants white, that he might be ''lord-o- f :THE3EX: - H. BARKER Office opposite Old Constituticn Building, Main Street OtSce hours 10 a. m. to3p. m. RS. CARPENTER, Physician and Surgeon, : Office at the Townscnd rr replied must have a his by the rules of rthat, vessel large enough to wash him in. The king ordered the potter to make him such ji vessel. When made it was crushed by the first step of the elephant in it- .- Many times was this repeated; and the potter was mined bv the very scheme he had intended should - crush his enemy. A -- arte Eat Teinple Xu. 37, True Lady. I cannot forbear point- ing out to you, my dearest child, said Lord Collingwood to his daughter, the great advantages that will result from a , temperate conduct and sweetness of manner to all people on all occasions. Never forget that you are a gentlewoman, and all your words and actions should make you gentle I never - heard ybur mother your dear, good mothersay a harsh or hasty thing to any person in my life. Endeavor to imitate her. I am in my temper ; 1 bu JDiy vicnirhasty. darling, it is a misfortune which, not having been sufficiently restrained in my youth, has caused me inexpressible pain. It has given me more trouble to subdue this impetuosity than anything I ever undertook. A well known German florist related, in a high state of irritation, his troubles, in this way lie said: "I have so much d rouble --nrntde ladies Hren"dey"c6mefo lmy"mine -- rose; vants him hardy, dey vants him dey doubles, dey vants him moundly, dey vants him fragrand, dey vants hira nice gouler, dey vants him ebery ting3 in one rose. I hopes I am not vat you calls von uncallant man. but I have somedimes to say to dat ladies, Madame, I never often sees dat la aies aaL vas Deautiiui, aat vas ricn, aat vas good temper, dat vas youngs, dat vas clever, dat vas perfection in one ladies. T see her much not!'" t; , Fifteen Great Mistakes. It is a great - mistake fo set up our standard of richt and wrong, and judge people accordingly. It is a great mistake to measure the enjoyment of others by. our own; to expect uniformity -- forHud ce oi opinion in tins world; ment and experience in youth; to endeavor ro mourn au appositions alike: not to vield in immaterial trifles; to look for perfection in our owmactions; to worry ourselves and others with what cannot be rp.mediArf? nnf to alleviate all that needs alleviation, as far 4as lies in our power; not to make allowances for the infirmities of othersr to consider to-lo- U t "I" . . 1 and AYilton Shuttle Strtt-t- , Salt Lake City. ; C- IiockUehwDgraoljwiei kinds of Muic and Fiincy Goods. jJURNISH jel5 . , Parlor and Bed-roo- in "Clarissa Harlowe," lays it down as a rule that, to study the character of woman, you should "first find out what books she reads." A girl in Indianapolis, who has $200,000, Lovelace, advertises foriealed proijl3Tpona,rjiage, The postmaster has decided to charge ner double price for her box, as it keeps one clerk half of his time filling it up with pink-tinte- d envelopes, and the wThole office is scented with musk and bergamot, like a per' fumer's shop. Grant refused to loan the Reserve Fund of $44,000,000 to the Wall street Uuikers, because it would be illegal. His view of the matter is a praiseworthy 1'iiE.siDKNT . one. fin Sets of furniture to call and m : y examine the immense stock kept by II. DINWOODEY, - That girls spell better than boys the annual spelling matches at Washington prove. In some of the schools the perfect spellers among the boys were' last year two to four among the girls. 2 vant-gi rl, living in Decatur, A pooli ser labored and saved for years, that III., has she might send money to Germany, to bring over her father, mother, and five brothers and sisters. At last they received a sufficient "Atsum, all embarked on the fated steamer " v lantic," and all were lest. In Mexico, Senorita Lozana recently pre sented herself for examination for a vacant professorship, in the college of St. Catherine, and got it, over six male competitors. Tiie first grass widow was Mrs. Nebuchadnezzar, iin ancient Queen of Babylon. A young lady, who does not manage her h's with much skill, wants to know if there is a "he" in love. There is generally. YO UR HOMES. I would advise the Ladies who want to buy J 1 At'Noi 31, East Temple Street, and Ho. First 75, South Stpeet. WALLACE Has the best, large t and purest "stock of confec ' tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies to purchase. j gOOKSI BOOKSTPEOPLE IN WANTjDF - Books ik All Br jNcrris or Ltktiatueh avt Ed0ctiox will find at J AMES D W YER'S BOOK STOKE everything thfy ned t Jfes tban Eastern a& made to allMho purchase.1 Prices. A Spl- ndil Stock on band. - NEW CLUB RATES. Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the part of. the Publishers, to increase the circulation of the Exponent and aid in promotini? the objects contemplated in its publication, by making it truly an exponent of the views of the women of Utah, sustained by them, read by them, and its columns enriched with a widely circxilated'eipressionF thoughts, we offer the following terms to clubs, so as to prepare for increasing the value and importance of the paper with the beginniog of the next volume, which larger subscription list will enable us to do 19 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter' thF up of the club - , - : - - $13 00 thousand children in Wisconsin .who do not attend school this year. There is an average of nineteen thousand in Utah whodo attend school. ok The Polar bear does not hug like other bears, but .snaps and bites instead. Sometimes wo meet with ravage appearing husbands, who, we imagine, have a look of the Arctic regions about them. . : copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter 20 00 up of the club 20 copied, 1 year, with copy to the getter up of the club and a framed steel engraving, 12x16 inches, of President Brigham 31 00 Young, selling price, $2 50 80 copi ,1 year, with a copy to the getter up ol the club, and a superior first jroof", steel engraving of President Brigham - r You ig, handsomely framed, selling ' 48 CO price $4 Clubs can be commenced "atTany" timefand add iTT tions can. be ju ade : after the -- first list-o- f names h as-- r : been sent. , ' be th remitted by registered letter at Money can ' ? , risk of the publishers. "We hope ladies throughout the Territory, especially the Presidents and Secretaries of Relief Societies . will endeavor to get up clubs, and that tbey will constitute themfelvcs Hjjpnts for the extension of - the r I ; circulation f the ExpFltKT, ' .1 , ...jgi-i-- i-i yii-j.i-. ll ii i.. 15 : ' : Statistics show that there are thirteen AmoxciTue curiosities at the late Territoeverything impossible which we cannot rial Fair, one of the most wonderrexciting, perform; to believe ; only what our finite to some of the youug people, was a trio of minds cun gravp; to expect to be able to un. Chinese ladies, with their odd costumes and evcrvlhiii'ir,' odder chattering, one afternoon. dcfe-tam- l : Agents for the Arion Piano, Mason & Hamlin Organ - ! GO. d; how-little- hFbltolepht The tvasherman HouTe.oora No. & CABELESS, flALDEK d. 1 great distinction- .- MD., , . -- " , s . . ! .. ; ' In7 PiiifADELViiiA, it has becomo the fashion to present friends with boxes of nicely cut flowers instead of bouquets. The la- dies greatly prefer this method, and- tho :v : gentleraennre too polite to oljcct. - ; .4, miBAjmsm 