! Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, Octohek 10, 1873. 2. SALUTATION. " Dear Headers: 0) Finding my name listed as a correspond ent, my heart fills with friendly .greetings to those whose eyes are to. scan, and whose minds are to weigh the thoughts and subjects that I may, from time to time, place upon paper. I trust that you w ill (mentally) Iretura4he-profferM-fri- e may pleasantly- thoughtjind regions of Jtistruction, The pen is a powerlh tho world, for the right or wrong- use of which its wield ers are accountable; Clod grant that mine may-- bo actuated to harmonize ''.with J. t ho greatest erood to needy mortals- - in life's darkened pathway It will be m y pri vilege in this eorrespon: dence, to speak thus familiarly, upon religion, finance, politics, science, or. any thing instructive in which we may, or should take a mutual interest. Hoping that this introductory note may lead to a lengthy and profitable acquaint - ... W No. 10. 5 A strange story is told of a death which recently ocenrred in India. A fisherman put the head of aiish in his mouth to bite it, as it had proved troublesome in tho matter of wriggling. The fish wriggled into his mout h and down into liis throat, where it firmly stuck. And not until the unfortunate fisherman had been taken to the hospital was the fish removed in small pieces, directly after wnich the man died. This is another proof of the oMruismflStH t is besj to ga through; cently preached life with your mouth shut and your eyes I!rotestants7ttasrrotfr and H aiso shows that crueltyrsdme-time- s binage, for which he was sent to prison. He open; :::Z "1 wondrously rewarded. H should have come to America if he wanted A gentleman of iliis city, of rtaned to herxiteihe social systems of other, denom taste and superiorinllerslalH inations than his own, without having any the worth of woman is by; no mea ns appreattention paid to it. :.; A New, York man, wlio has leen an in- ciated by the great masses. In his office, veterate smoker for years, was lately cured where crowds of people'pfteh gather, he says, ii flu- of the habit, suddenly and effectually by it could scarcely be believed what an in h ence the presence of one lady will exert over knocking the embers from h i cigar into a a throng of men. It seems to lead them from ho-have powder-Other- s, 1 of t h e nisei ves so ; a n d would like to become suddenly rich without waiting to earn riches. ; It is proposed in Boston to organize a Worki n gwoma ns f u lual Benefi t Association," the object ,of which will be the providing of funds for the aid of any member in extreme need, and in case of death, to provide a respectable burial. The proposition is a worthy one and deserves support. In Prussia, a Roman Catholic priest re. i keg blasting natural rough, careless manners, and acquired the habit, and may be unable to awaken softened, delicate sentiments, which, overcome it of themselves, might learn from without the presence of the gentle, supreme : this an infallible remedy. she exercises over them, would nevance, I subscribe myself, Exponent's cor The authorities of St. Louis are striv- power er appear. Man, lie thinks, is nothing of and readei's friend, American that to convince the respondent public ing worth without woman? We propose a vote V Sarah M. Kimball. they have discovered the panacea for all the of thanks toLthe gallant gentleman for his" evils growing out of prostitution, and that liberal opinions, so freely offered, EDITORIAL NOTES. their remedy for it should be universally extravagance among Americans adopted. Let them first cleanse and make is That no late thing, 'may jbe realized by those be own and others will their ready city, pure A. J. Myer, "Olt Probabilities," Gen, to do who read the followi ng cii ppi ng: "In one to of without them learn urged being Bu Service chief of the Government Signal of tho New York hotels ; is a Swiss waiter, his to wife As has lately gone Europe. reau, who once saw better days and kept a restaurinherited a round million of dollars by the A strange and unnatural accident is re- ant in London. A guest lately happened to death of her mother, it seems he could well ported to have happened a young lady in hear him arguing with an American comone of th e Eastern cities; h or hair being rade on thlTrelativo afford to go. merit36Temocracy in some machinery,, in wound t and ' up caugh is Cable Atlantic the in Swlteerlandand the United StatesTPThe The business of torn from was the the entire eyes oft, scalp tn have larcclv increased since the Helvetian went in for the superiority of his was done to And this of neck. back the the were beginning of the money panic in New York. instantaneously, causing neither bleeding own country, and insisted that there Itevc-lution blots upon the fame of the American The daily receipts are estimated at $27,000. nor a will wonderful have She suffering. which did not sully the fair name of So it is. oneA system loses while another to to in relate her years story grandchildren Switzerland. The guest, becoming Curioiw, gains, the world over. to come. intruded so far into the controversy as to ask. The inhabitants of Memphis, . Tenn., A young to know direct wishes if lady - have been so stricken with an for some instance of this,whereupou the epidemic that not to a is be from apprehended Switzer assured him7in till1 so ber earnest- calls for aid for that city have been neces- danger notable bachelor's having become a member ness, that tho spilling of the tea in Boston sarily i made. Accounts of their sufferings of the "High Council;" whether his "coun- harbor wTas a wilful waste of good substauee, have been given in th e d aily papers, wli ieh sel" to men will not likely bo of a whereof no Swiss never could haVo beeir young character. g are of a disparaging nature in relation to hymenial firilUfv Anna: Dickenson is said to have walked matters. We think not. Distasteful epithets with Prof. HaydeffUnd party to the summit concerning such things, are more liable -- to The "Rural New Yorker" says: "It his of Long's Peak, in Denver, Colorado, recent- oricrinate with disappointed husbands than often been noticed that a farm which has r r - been given up in disgust by its owner, and 7 ly, making the ascent in three hours and with old bachelors. sold for a '.trifle on account of the light soil ten minutes. She got her name up for once, A. of has been made terribleandexampleof his Modoc asso composing it, after passing intor-th- e hands if she did have to walk and carry it herself. Captain Jack three a man who has leunied to use brain work An author in the dramatic line has said, ciates, , Schonchin, ; Boston Charley,;, and of well as manual labor in his calling, has, "There's no such word as fail;" but the BlackrJirarr They were hanged at Fort Kla as in the course of two or three years, entirely poor, lone man, who had proposed marriage math on the morning of the third inst., in with, respect-- to to sixty different girIs,and"got the mitten the presence of more than five hundred Kla changed in appearance, Ihoth borno on it." the soil itself and the crops every time, used to say he knew: there was. math Indians, their own wives and children Tho same fact is also noticeable in matters However, he is married at last, so, perhaps, being among' the Witnesses! Such are the of graver importance. ..hUdr(jhwho,.h(avo. ."" decrees of thero isn't after all. justice oh Indian murderers. 7 been thought-t- o posfss- - very 4nierior mind,- CharlesSpraguE, the venerable Boston Miss Rye, a lady of superior abilities, is haV?, under favorable changes of guardian, poet, author of "The Family Meeting,", and her time and means in emigrating ship and inflaences, brightened up and other beautiful specimens of .poetic genius, spending poor working women, who are but of em astonished former acquaintances by disi)lay-in- g on the welcomed his eighty-thir- d birthday real intelligence, and, in many instaiices,T from England to America, and sesixteenth of September. He has the best ployment, homes and work for them. She late superior genius. These different resultsaro wishes of thousands for another seventeen curing of occttsioned by the ppposi tes" in treatment. ly sailed from Liverpool, having fifty-fiv- e one will hundred. his finish ; which years, those Women in Charge, for. whom she has Some tutors, like some farmers, expect to The greatest difficulties with which homes and employment secured. Her labors gather largely where ingredients are already most young people are perplexed, when are laudable, and her name and benefactions insufficient, instead of alfording abundant starting out in life, are that they .want to bo- will be remembered throughout the genera- supplies of material which is calculated to considered, wise without the.trouble of learn- tions of those who it re receiving blessings enrich rather than impoverish tho soil of - the earth or tho mind of a child. ing wisdom, good without haying proved through her womanly exertions. i -w- i rr , -r- 1 .y-:-. !! j '"..V " re-hnrt- pd -- -- -- heart-sickenin- 7 , r i I . . V--- . , ' 'hi 4 - I 1! 