100 ; first reading the following, which we clip from "The Woman's Journal" it did not strike lis as being The onlv dignifled position in which a man can place his wife is to treat her at least as well as he would treat a housekeeper ,cKar and give her the comfort of a perfectly matters. to as money a"nd definite arrangement the under be necessity or not then will She solicitjfrom him as--a favor, nerving herself to what she really needs and has a right to spend. Nor will she be torturing herself on the other too side, with the secret fear lest she has asked She can really spare. much and more than they of a woman the be in position in will, short, and a wife, not of a child or a toy. avoided using the word I have carefully I have said; because the what "allowance," in untrue and mean asthe word seems to imply is all the husband's, sumption that the money to give orwithhold as he will. Yet, I have heard this sort of talk from men who were living on a wife's property or awife's earnings; houses, fronrmen ;ueb as keepersfofboarding worked wives while their who worked alittle as farmers, who hard, and from men, such wives work.hard-er- . worked hard and made their Even in cases where the wife has no direct Salt Lake County. a mean one. ASKING FOR MONEY. anything particularly appropriate for the consideration of husbands in general; nnd until wo had complied with a request to if i,xn,i in Dm nresence of some half dozen experienced ladies, and heard their united to opinions that it was exactly tne right thing be presented to most men, we did not imagine one young husband, who, since the day of their to hand marriage, has had the good judgment his wife a liberal share of all his earnings, not so merely for safe keeping, but as her own, I greataSixceptipn a nngTOenWe are please to aiiege, SbweYer; that there is one such examsuch now, ple, and hope, if there are but few that the many wllHakepatternbyfew; jforas it notohlysaves awWtheannoyance"of askinir fbrmolw part in the money making,the indirect part she takesljr&ith performs,-if-she"ance'of :Deing a5kedalso7Ifis' most consistent household, is so essential, so beyond coinpensa-Hn- n in mnnnv Hint, it. is an utter shanie and wi th justice and harmony in familyJife. he speaks impertinance in thetobusbandwhen One of the very bestwives and mothers I of as if were. an wife his it money "giving" whento me said that once known ever have act of favor. It is no more an act of favor than ever her daughters should be married, she when the business manager of a firm pays out should stipulate in their behalf with their husto the unseen partner who directs the bands for a regular sum of money to be paid money Be the machinery. " UVIVUi fctJ ' " th their for personal at certain intervals, them, the wife has a tclaim be joint income more or less, anu mac, as a matter oi expendi turesrWhetherhis-sumvas-to-to her honorable snare, a matter of secondary larger or smaller was rirfit. without the daily ignominy of sending T. W. II. importance, that must-- depend on the income in a petition for it. .. , and the style of living but the essential thing was that it should come to the wife regularly, so that she should no more have to make a ' S EX PONE NT MAN WO THE special request for it than her husband would have to ask her for a dinner. This lady's own husband was, as I happened to know, of a most generous disposition, was devotedly attached I. GBEENE BICHAEDS, EDITOE. herself She to her, and denied her nothing. was a most accurate and careful manager. There was everything in the household to make PnW;Tio! in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: months. Si. Ten copies the financial arrangements flow smoothly. Yet Anoonnv nn viur. s; nnscoov. sixrates: Each square, eight the price of Dine. Advertising she said to me, "I suppose no man can possibly for one month, $& $2; per of time, lines space, nonpareil understand how a sensitive woman shrinks Campbell & Patterson, uenerai Agents, .asi iempie Bireei, from asking for money. If I can prevent it, Salt Lake City. . , . -- Miss Cornelia manager, uinceours Ii. "my daughters shall never have to ask for it. from 9 to 12 a, m., and from 2 to 5 p. ,m., on Mondays and If they do thejr duty as wives and mothers .Fridays. communications to joint Address all businessPublishers they have a right to their share of the Woman's Exfosext, certainreasonable for, within limits; income, Salt Lake City, Utah.they renly, no money could buy thea services der. Moreover they have right to a share in determining what those reasonable limits are." SALT LAKE CITY, Dec. 1, 1873. . Now it so happened that I had myself gone through an experience which enabled me perfectly to comprehend this feeling. In early life kind friend AGENTS AND CORRESPONDENTS. I was for a time In the employ ofata no definite who paid me a fair 'salary but AGENTS. periods; --I wajrat liberty to ask him formoney whenever I needed it. This seemed to me, in Salt Lake City. advance, a most agreeable arrangement; but I be Mrs. Elvira Barney, found it quite otherwise. It proved .to Mrs. Zina D. Young, made for it to ask Amanda Kimball P. money; very disagreeable Margt. Young, a it seem Elizabeth Davis, dollar up brought favor; special every Lily Staines, all kinds of misgivings, as to whether he could Sarah Smith, Hampton, 16th he whether without , spare it inconvenience, Ward, Mary J.Thomson, Sarah E." Smith, rpallv thousrht mv services worth it. and so on. J.Iargaret SteeU Miss Sarah E. Russell. My employer was' a thoroughly upright and noble man and I was much attached to him. CORRESPONDENTS. T do not know that he ever refused or demurred Mrs. E. B. Wells, Thn nnnovanee was Mrs. Laura Miner, Miss Mary E. Cook. A. B. Smith, besimply in the, process otasking, and this; ". . came so crpat that I often underwent serious AGENTS, the ask. than Weber inconvenience rather Finally,at Connft, vear's eud. I surprised mv friend very much by ii A. M. Frodsham, Ogden, lower if necessary,a accept, saying that I would .... t t J .4 Oncula County, Idaho. do ihuu ou salary, on condition mat il snouia The Mrs. Orissa Allred, St. Charles, regular days, and as a matter of business.reducwish was at once granted, without the Marj' Rich, .Paris. tion: and mv emnlover nrobably never knew JRich County whata relief it was to me. Now if a young man is liable to feel th is pride ir Ann E. Cook, Swan Creek. is to it mere a wards reluctance and Emily "Woodruff, Randolph. employer, feel women easv to understand howmanv Cache County. may the same even in regard to a husband. Audi M. A. Maughan, Logan, the fancy that those who feel it most are often ii Jane S. Coleman, Smithficld. women. most conscientious and Box Elder. County. to sav of such nersons "Too It is unreasonable ! Too fastidious !" For it is this verv spnsitivf? Harriet Snowf Brigham City. effect men of which finer sensitiveness quality Dacis County. to nrize in a woman and wish to protect at all hazards. The very fact that a husband is genMary Clark, Farmington, Aurelia Rogers, ,, erous; the very, fact that his income Is limited; these may bring in conscience and gratitude rargaret Randell,Centreville, ' to increase the rtst mining hiflnenee of nride. Elizabeth Barlow, Bountiful, . and make the wife less willing to ask money of Susan Grant, x such a husband than if he were a rich man or Sylvia Clark, - " ' A ..... semi-monthl- , .f a At y, Higins, West &Jordan, cors. ii Barbara Moses, agent ii Cot- Big tonwood. - Tooele County, ;, Mrs. J. De La Mare, Tooele City. Mrs. E. Cleggy n Mrs. M. A. House, Grantsville. . i. . UlahSfounty. Brown, Pleasant Grove, It s ( , . - . . . . 4 Ann Bringhurst, Springville, - Harrison, Margaret T. Smoot, Provo City, 11 ' Juab County. Amelia Goldshrough, Nephi. ; ., Ann Pitchforth, Martha J. Coray, agent & cor., Mona, !11 11 Sanpete Courtly. M. A. P. Hyde, agent & cors. Citv. Sarah Peterson, Ephraim, Helena Madison, Gunnison. M rs. Boel Peterson, Ephraim. Mrs. Mary xnorpe, ii - k Spring " - Millard bounty.' ii Delilah Oleson, Fillmore, ,, u Miss Mary Callister, 5 Beaver County, p Mrs. Ruth Tyler, Beaver, . L. B, Pratt, agent & Cors. Iron County. -- Mary Weimer, Parowan, Miss Josephine Smith, " Kane County. ' " Mrs. Sophia Parker, Kanarra, Maty Ann Lunt, agent Cedar City. & cors. Washington County. ii Caroline Jackson, agent St. George, & cors. Elizabeth Canfield, Washington. i STILL AGREEABLE. . uorne,-uusi- ne - . -- - - I -- L . .1 I . high-mind- ed 11 -- , I concludes that enough has passed between it and the Exponent upon the subject of polygamy. It says: "Unless we are temnted bevond what we are able to bear, by our Mormon friend of the Ex- words we shall have ponent, these are tne last we as fear we shall tax to say upon polygamy, our of readers." the patience Now, as we have not the least desire to The "Balance" ' tempt the "Balance" in any conceivable manner, to anything unpleasant for itself or unprofitable to its readers, we will proceed to answer its questions and remarks, so far as we consider them in the slightest degree applicable, or holding any connection with the subject under discussion, as plainly as our abilities will permit. And then we are as willing that the discussion should close as we were that it should commence. Wre arc asked: "Did Joseph Smith claim that the doctrine of plurality of wives was revealed to him ? Persons who were with the Mormons at Nau-vohave told us that Joseph Smith never taught the doctrine that it was first broached by Brigham Young, and that some of the members prophecied trouble when he preached his first sermon on the subject; and we have always understood that polygamy was the cause of the separation of theJo Smith JMormons from the Brighamites at any rate they do not practice it." The testimonies of hundreds of most reliable men, and women also, who were familiar with the life and teachings of the martyred prophet, Joseph Smith, are given in connection with his own inspired "words, which have been faithfully recorded, to i and-candi- dly o, prove that the law of Celestial marriage,-embracinplurality of wives, was given by divine revelation through him. We are aware that some persons who were with him at Nauvoo 'say he never taught L..tW7-- ! g 