WOMAN'S E XPON E N T. "Woman was created for a7 helpmate for man, and while it is his duty lo provide for and protect her, it is no less her duty to assist mm in an the minor affairs of ' life. TT thorn sbo ehnniri Jier province is home: MAY. reign supreme, her busy steps never flair- gmg, ner watcniui eye never wcarvinir: the welfare of her children, the happiness of nereonstant care. She should f strive o make her home the most delight- iiu on,eartn to him, that when-t- he - toilspiaco of the day are ended, and he seeks it lor repose, lie may find in it Jiis cares lightened, his sorrows soothed ; that he may go forth again to the contest with renewed vigor, and with cheerfulness and encouragement in his heart. Domestic duties, and etetf, as is often the asei .hbuseholdrudgefy: must necessarily fall to Her 7 lot, rand tnougliine does loot shrink from the performance. of these, there are those of a different kind which have : no less claim upon! lier. od hacgien" her zamindpLhaslbestowedupon her intellect, and it is her duty to cultivate it it is a religious duiyibr It1 wasgivn hertbr a er-nusoana, -- noble purpose, that she might it Wh itening 171 An ' approved method of whitening ivory that has turned yellow, consists in heating a thin chalk paste m a vessel over a fire, and then Immersing the ivory and leaving it until it has reached It is then to , be taken: out,: dried and polished off. This method is preferred by a German writer to one that' has been a good deal in use, namelyplacing' the ivory in a saturated solution of alum Jbr an hour, andiafterward rubbing it off with a woolen cloth, and then wrapping it in a linen.one, in which it is to be aUowed-.tory,!:To clean.Paint. Provide a plate with some of the best whiting to be had, and have ready some clean warm water and a flannel, which jdip into the water and squeeze nearly dry; then take as much whiting as will adhere to it, apply it to the will painted suriacewhen;a:-littlerubbin- g remove or any dirt grease. After instantly which, wash the part well ..with cleanivater, rubbing itldry ; with a soft PainrthusTleansedjlooks as WellJasTvIien first laid on, without any injury to the most delicate colors. , It is far better than using soap, and does'not require more than halt the time and labor. theproper-degreaoLwhitcncss- Ivory. .i . T wash-leathe- r. herl hus-band's pride, instructress of her child-r- e an ornament in her home. She should nj -- not suffer THE GOOD SPIRIT. the common details of everyday life to render her manners coarse, or sour her temper, but always strive to be -- mild, - The Prophet Joseph Smitk told the people to "get the Spirit of God, and keep it." r -.r-refined, and polite. - a-f- be -- DELICACY IN CHILDltEX: . Dio Lewis relates a story of a t wealthy gentleman and lady 'whose family lie was called iipontoaiteiid&cw been born to them, and each had lived to' a certain ago and had, then boeii taken away by death. At the time when the aid of the noted physician was required, their hxst two, a son and a daughter, had reached the a Pr, Xointgd3gepit3rhich:all the fomierehild- ren of the house had been snatched away, and the consumpt ivo deel ine by which the others had been carried off was irresistibly and unmistakably fastening upon them. The docter entered the house and spent some time in watching the little invalid. He then asked the mother if sho would allow him to take the little girl into the . V gar (TehlS She assentedandae(M)nIingly, the child was carried out into the beautiful garden which belonged .to: the rich homestead. "Which, of. all the shrubs' and flows "doyouthi enquired the physician bflhe child. After careful consideration she selected a moss rose l)ush irP'fulF blwiinyW ImiigTto her mind,, the most beautiful of all Jn the tell she couldnotrreturn-tothcJiQuieTan- d: suit of her the her mother he wanted child's clothes One of every article that When the little she wore, he said to her. mo What a sermon there is in these few words! girl had told toher ascertain if .ihcLchild had the Doctor If we always had the Spirit of God, we understood aright; and when informed that would never do a wrong thing; for that did as requested, bringing a little she Spirit leads into all truth and goodness. suit had, of her "daughter's" clothes; shoes, stock-- . w nen any trial or temptation oesets us drawers, petticoats, dress, if we possess that Spirit, we are sure to ings, chemise,even tol' the "sha come off victorious; and have strength to pinafore3mdJ child had worn in the garden, 'lho withstand all 7 the shafts, of the. adversary the and with them which are directed against our peace and Doctor took the h irarmehts, which the child had dressed the happiness. But how prone is human nature chosen. ho Every thing except the shx to give way, and let some little trial! bring and use of, cutting: the stockings open wretchedness for hours, and perhaps days, made them to the bottom of the bush. when it is our duty to bo happy all the fastenincr When this was done, "There," said he, "I time. When we are unhappy ourselves, W'ilLvisit you again in two weeks madam. everyone; around us partakes jof the same Do not ffive theo'hild any kind of medicine, feeling, more or less, and they" feel bad too. and let the bush remain as I leave it." Consequently we see that it is a duty we In a fortnight ho called again, as he had owe to our friends as well as ourselves to nromised. Coins: with the mother to the keep the Spirit of God continually which is jrarden he undressed the which the spirit of peace. I think if . wo could was and withered and almost me. realize how much easier it is to keep that leSS. drooping -v; Spirit, than to regain it after we have "See." he said; but even now tlie anxious grieved it from us, we would try harder mother did not understand the meaning of than wo clo to Overcome evil; for I am sure there is no one that enjoys being miserable thOTfeXempHntionut cause of her children's so well as being happy. There are two still more plainly the "Look at this bush," said the things that we should seek and pray for, malady. "a little whiles, longer being thus namelv. patience and charity. Without Doctor; shut in from the air and sun, these there can be no true happiness. Then clothed, and dead. No w there is let us, my young .sisters, strive with our it would have been sufficient tobuild upon, still life might to keep the good Spirit always with and haveremaining healthy restored ty proper treat--meus, to help us to be Saints in deed as well as It is the same with your children." in name, and set an example worthy of ilnd still the mother queried what she could do for them. "Give., them air," said, the physician, "undress them, and let them bask In the sunshine. But at first with our that days are We always complaining their heads covered." . are few, and acting as ; though there would His di regions .J. wrefbliawedprQper be no end othem. in two different screens prepared being - Though a taste of pleasure may quicken corners of the garden, where the' children unrestrained an of indulgence relish life, the were daily undressed and placed for a season is inevitable destruction. to gambal in the sunlight, while the Smmer effectual, The odor of flowers is never so sweet and lasted. And the remedy proved at convalesce to soul! both children commencing strong as before a storm. Beautiful when the storm draws nigh thee, be a once. flower. This story, told here almost precisely as it was repeated to us a few days since, Our true acquisitions lie only in our chari- we believe very many mothers would do ties We gain only as we; give. There is t r he who can afford well to draw refl're ncerr frorrr, both for hei no beggar so destitute own and their offspring's good. nothing to his neighbors. -- - : ItBut wonUheiweaerivesselfrail, fragile woman, does she not need encouragement and assistance? Is her life, though spent in obscurity, exempt from trials, snares, and- - temptations. Are there no rough places in her pathway, no difficulties to surmount? . Her task is great, very great, and while she earnestly tries to perform it, should she notbe strengthened and encouraged bywords and tones of affection and approval? This is due her. If her husband desires a pleasant home, he should prove to her that he can appreciate one. If she must soothe his troubled spirit let him not be impatient should he sometimes detect a cloud upon her brow; let him remember that poor human nature, connot always bask in the sunshine, and that one cheering, loving word from him might dispel the gloom which rests upon her spirits. He desires her to be delicate and modest, refined and elegant, mild and affectionate, then let him not shock" her by coarse and unkind manners and profane language. 'Magazine. t A i CUBE : FOR MORBID THOUGHTS.- - Eat. mush and milk for supper, go to bed at nine o'clock in the evening, rise at six in the morning, and walk three miles every day. Sick Headache. This is attended with nausea and sometimes vomiting, and is attributed to a disordered liver. Take frequent sips of warm water, until the nausea subsides, and then occasional sips of cold water. : simmered Pearl 'Barley, with water, . -- 1 . . ... to a jelly, Strain .all. - r is a valuable food for infants. seeds, etc., beforo it gets cold, Hix with due quantity of milk, or without milk if preferred, and give it warm. This is a happy medium between oatmeal and arrowroot. All saucepans, copper or otherwise, and all bright tins, dish covers, etc., ought if possible to be cleaned every week. Spanish whiting and sweet oil, made into a paste, rubbed on and. allowed to stand a little, then wiped off, and the - dry things polished with a leather and-covers whiting, will make tins and dish look very nice. Cleaning. rose-bus- rose-bus- " h, v- nt . ' -- . , ' 