i :f.Ttn..T i "ft riwnrn fa WO MAN' 8 E X P O KEN T. 3 gradients into a mould, Ijoil, and serve each other's faith and remembrance; and "'"V both by precept and example help to elevate with brandy sauce. , moral standard of your Community. ,' Parsni p Soup. One iound, of sliced the.Woman's mission is especially to ' the parsnips, two ounces of butter, salt and cayenne to taste, one quart of stock. Put young; and therein, (Oh, could she only the mrsnins into ihn Kt'mvmn uifli f Im hut- - realize it!) she rules the world. The hopes ter. which has nrevionslv melted, mid and aspirations of the women of this genera- simmer thorn fill niiitft iondor. Thon mhi on, become the constitutional disposition of the next; so any measure, moral, religious,nearly a pint of stock, and boil together for xai jr uuuicuu vvjuuii is um-- : e all througli-finhalfan hour. -- Pass iultul straineif imd puTto--it thelremainder of the Tersaily, desired by mothers, their children after years will surely accomplish in spite stock. Season, boil, and serve immediately. of opposition. , JThen let usj at least, fix Cure fob CtoLP. New-lai- d Sure egg, y our deiresmiTthose things wM-teen-,' dessert HOUSEHOLD HINTS. wife, a true woman 13 a 1 eal heroine and an accomplished actress. She puts her. own grievances out of sight to drive away with pleasant smiles the clouds that gather around her husband's gloom brow; she pours oil on the troubled waters of her, own soul, that she may sooth his sorrow; she dashes the -- teardrop from her eye that she may remove' the cup ofJbitter- ness fromhis lips, -- while ho suspects not there' are sorrows weigh in her f She heart. cultivates cheerfulness, aching !to' banish'1 jjespondeiicy,; 'Tor dterisiDJiful she is a true philosopher, and knows that a powdered ginger, little S salt, half an not harborany harmful or ignoble thoughts. gloomy spirit but aggravates the ills of life, ounce of fresh butter. All mixed well to-- Bear with each other's failings and weak auood : , . -- -- g-d- own T ' ahd-'endcvor- . which-are-hol- . Perhaps if hnsband,wre more considerate and good wives better appreciated, happy niorejiumewusi But many Jiomesuide a good wife goes down to death and they raise not a stone, carve hot a line to tell of her many Virtues-burisr- she fadesfrom: earth her noble nature fades also from the memomjoL the-- living: EShe . halfa pint, or each other's hands. Let boiling gently stirring quickly all anf str? nSthen noyviwhisperot jealousy enter.yourJiearts theitimejoprjmmfc-curdlat bedtimelintit thecbld 3 r(meli; -- TT oasspurjips.,: If somerone advanced Stewed Bed Cabbage. One red cab- - "H'goou suggestions man you can, envy i mproveour slice of liamr half airmince of Mcnpy bageamall 1 on e occu r 1 n own. vi ir a su ne no r 1 kjsi fresh butter, one pint of stock or broth one down your suggestions, murmur gilLbLvinegar, salt and pepper, to tasteono frowns; does ifrliejul( unknown in the matter, let -- it rest beyou is to be found neither it into but a thin into praises, there, cabbage slices, put it very her and jier 1 conscience; and feel Uner duties are rightly and well performed stewpan, the ham cut in dice, the i butter, tween cause for grateful pleasure in the fact that her reward will surely come. r j half a pint of stock, and the vinegar: cover the plan was 1 a good one, no matter where AHome of Taste. Every good picture) tho 1 e oriirinateu. If Vvou do not" receive "voiir is the best of sermons and lectures. The very tender, add the remainder of the stock, dues of appreciation personally for the good sense informs the soul. Whatever have a seasoning of salt and pepper, and the getherTIr of water, n m 1 self-sacrificin-g, -- not-seek- ; he , -- , you T , - u mi v iroou accompiisneu J"" uu. have beauty. Let beauty be on the paper on pou ndetl sugamn rxT. n-...... ov no .m t voirian rpfippfft rorlilLin:xi'h-.1 0ire ml " " :rand your walls. It is as easy to choose a paper overthefirirnjhtn an me liquor is urieu woman: dividual this in lrrifnl a important iiiiio-irA suggestive of the lovely in color and form, away, nd serve. find abu ndant reward. -to sent table with this dish; they as the uncouth. Why should not every usually Happily few are so poor that, if they love household object be sanctified with this should be laid around and on the cabbage, the cause, they cannot contribute a little to grateful charm ? Each chair, each table, as a garnish. the funds; and it is by the union of many each tea or chamber-servicand every littles that great things are achieved. SupLETT ER TO THPj RELIEF SOCIETY. object for kitchen or parlor, for the home of pose each member of a society should give the poor man, artizan or mechanic, I would My Dear Sisters: Holy is the work to monthly a small stated sum into the have them all worthy of a home of taste. treasury; say fifty cents, twenty-fiv- e cents, ; : which you are called , and blessed is she who or "Sydney Smith." even ten cents, it would be a very light erforms it nol)ly. Blessed be she who adds Tiie scientific branch of cookery com- even one burden individually, if given with a grate- of benevolence and good-wi- ll drop dishes the of sauces. and The prises devising to the fountain. And blessed be she ful heart, and it would accumulate surpris-- . artistic branch constitutes the art of garnish whose crystal heart fails not in the cause, and who ingly. Very soon, a few choice volumes a and most this in plays important part ing, withhnlrla nnt i ht iff la clo on An lnnonon could-blaid on the shelves for the use of outcome the of the kitchen, asby means of Lhf PJinnnf f!n ffPonf fh;nfrJ rru(nJ the sisterhood, and mucli valuable instructio, dishes.plcase the eye before they please Un 1 'Vn., n-be n,n?n' Vnur timo - - V nnri gained by appointing one to read 1111 V ihv.ifori J J J the palate. First impressions go a great can do w aloud while others sew. A sewing or nothing to forward the work. If it way, and when one sense is captivated by be really impossible (which can hardly be knitting machine would add much to your an agreeable and inviting appearance, the the case,) for you to give either money or resources; and I think yoii are the proper dish must be bad indeed which fails to stand handiwork, you can, if you will, give a persons to keep burial clothes on hand to lie the more searching ordeal of taste. Besides, sieauiasi i IP a r."!! a warm entnusiasm, a had at an hour's warning. laun, who suffer from people jaded appetites have cheerful; kindly word, a generous appreci Who knows but you might be able to give a better chance of eating their dinner when ation in of and others accom- - a hands)me present to the Temple or emi- the dishes which are put before them are llSli onn pridelinln what Mit!n-'...tr n.mmwv il ' f ,x i.u.. ioeneiaciions. bHl.& jt'.vf,v..-iiiHva!u.iui;y.vvH16y.iHu to pleasant the''sightr""r;""'"'""""" stimulate those who can and - will r support which are HU,oryuierpuuiic dear hearts? And how , : nice it would be to build and furnish for All green vegetabies 6f theabbage kind the cause. TT". , should be chosen with large close, firm If you have no poor m your neighborhood, yourselves large commodious rooms in which hearts; when fresh the leaves are crisp and (and pray God you have not,) there areliun- - to hold your working meetings, your prayer brittle; when stale they are lank and droop- - dredsof other objects worthy to receive the meetings and your business meetings; or to ' benefit of your labors. First of all is the assemble your daughters for instruction in! P'upuixg cloths, however coarso, ought comforting of each other. For this purpose, the ways you love to have them walk in. never to be washed with soap: they should meet often together and speak to each other: No one can venture to foretell half the food be dried as quickly as possible, and 'kept exchange your ideas; give yours and receive a regular though small income might enable free, from dust, and in adrawer or cupboard others,thus blessing and being blessed. If you you toaceomplish. ; should not absolutely learn anything new, free from smell. It is worthy of consideration, sisters, and A good useful for chaps, etc., you may have your mind refreshed concern I beg you will not hastily decide that you is made of equal parts of almond or olive ing something old which you would not cannot afford.it, for . you do afford many a or some word you hear may oil, and the best white waxt meltrthe latter thing less desirable. Say you; will afford it set a new train of motion in and profitable for the sake of God and womanhood ; and in a clean gallipot, set at the side of the fire, reflections. then leave off the ruflles from Marys dress then add the oil. Be not afraid of the sound of your own and the braid from Johnny's jacket, and thu3 Geuman Fkitteiis. Cut some slices of voices; if your diffidence drive ideas from VOU not Olllv S.1VO n liffTo mnnnv tmf o TitfTn bread half an inch thick, remove the crust, your mind the first time time, a iff In strnnrrth n uun .,i.n. and soak in milk: beat two eggs, pour them yourself you will have you rise, promise and and trust yourerves wilL mcr you soonieel weUpaid. : : over the broadband fry it" in butter; strew thoughts under better control another In conclusion, bear in mind that any time, powdered sugar over the fritters. and do not put that other time off too long, organization finm f w rmw" mntnr;w . . " 1.1 4KS..1, ' flTC A ji Rice uu are umur unu wiser man by experience; so be not discouraged if you Italian Pudding. U1, 11 7,tui' four so the bo of the whites of but the one truth you may be make-somrice, yolks eggs, you, it; mistakes. Through prayer and three .beaten separately, two ounces of able to express is just as true as any one of diligence keep the Spirit of God, and all your anu pounded sugar, two ounces of idioiu, a inV S110U1U aiwmu :uiny undeTLlkin. will hn nrnf.rl Thof c,tMi iunn, oe occause not oi one. suui conceaieu is nue, it but cnpppeu very mav be our hannv lot is i ho unwr nf vmir quarter pouuu flavoring of ratafia or vanilla. Put these in- - Love and uphold each other; strengthen humble sister, L. L. I. ifiiH-niue- r - rr-.Tr.- . -- p e, 1 " - mm V e w " - M.m 1V V V i " I - fl-iiicr s to-yo- -- ur ; - v e, . lip-s;dv- likc-taforg- et; : 1 N 1 o iL--u si J . 