WOM AX'S EXPONENT. 47 need fully as much lidding as I did in the winter." Every thing here is so quiet, the Ssame A correspondent of the Exponent, from day. alike whonv we ltadl jiot Jiaa)rtl for some .time, calm, unbroken monotony, every men when the stay home except Sundays, .observing that wo noticed' lieir silence .wi th frqni the fields, j There are no meetings regret, privately sends us an excuse for the held as there is no house .suitable for same, which is well Worthy of publication; that here, purpose at present.' "We never fully and we give it accordinglyj under the above realize our blessings till we are deprived of heading: will seem good I liave lost many a good idea since last I them, and I think meetings bad a pen in my hand, for want of opportu- to hn when I got home again. t; 7 June 29th. nity to transcribe it; But my time has been I thank God for such sgood, kind, very well employed in another way. liiy dear Sister Elizabeth, my husbands wife, has faithful Society have proved been very ill, and she is living out of town 19th Ward,to Itelief be. And I hope that their themselves without any neighbors. Added to-tinterest will not slacken in the good work pain and dreariness of sickness was the in which we are enirared. For though we mother's distress over the consciousness that may be able to do but little, comparatively, little worn garm en ts were sadly i n ne ed o f still if we do that little willingly and dili ami thesewih machine being replac gently; we shall have our reward. 1 often stood idle in the corner. we have our reward in the satisfactory JLwent to Jier assistaneehelpedJonurse think to do .1 i i.i knowledge that we are endeavoring it. her, AVQMANVOIGK , i , " ; : ras he l- -i com tiWT fl Innmi' rnatlnc Iiffln mum 'nmi - I t . Saints at home and abroad,1 more spent in building Temples, and less in decorating our .own earthly tabernacles; more time should be spent in improving the mind and less wasted in idle thoughts without weight or substance. Love to all, from your affectionate sister r in the Gospel, ; ' ; Mary Ann Pratt. Dear Editor Exponent Although far removed from the "fountain head r of lighT and knowledge, my interest in the great work we have espoused does not diminish. And I tender you my thanks for your most excellent paper which duly comes to hand and is read wit Ik much satisfaction. I. am grateful to my Heavenly Father that the day has dawned when the long misj udged and misrepresented -- womenof-Utah-have opportunity to express their own views and fai tirhregardTtdlhc principles T of the by th e Gospel as believed, and : practiced " Lrit ter-d-a v Sa in f s. 77. When t h e world can know, if it will take trouble to see, that we have hot only liberty of speech but also of the press; .and that we, ourselves, have freely chosen the path we walk in, and possess, many of us, independence and in- more than tegri ty enough to sustain e thirty-ninyears I; have been a member of this Church, and have never for one moment s. doubted the sacred authenticity of its d Many years I have lived in : marriage O ll.l inrli Inn hOL'tftl It'll A h A1 VAItl1 fitted w ill she .be OlllLVi ly hope happy. 1 sat at the sewing machine, until she, (Eliz 'I iltlU honor and respect a young lady who bravely abeth,)' said quite a load was removed from and fearlessly enters into that order which her mind. God has revealed for our eternal While with her I cut nearly a dozen dresses, Jand Xtrustshe will be enabled to exaltation, acquit her and worked over eiglitybutton'holes, bc each day she lives. sides mending and other sewing, and a self honorably My warmest congratulations and kindest share in the housework; and I am as proud remembrance for whom I to1 a (laming article which entertain sincere Sister Louise, of it as I could be-feelings of love and respect ' would fix the eyes of thousands. And my best wishes for tno continued sucthat do not find it the great bug-be7 L. L. D. the our household cess of Exponent. many imagine it to be, but quite the reverse; paper, hers receives regularly and is And I esteem it as a divine institution My daughter Private letters from sisters Agatha A much pleased wtth Jts high toned senti- revealed from heaven for the furtherance of - , ments. Pratt and Mary A. Pratt, written in the work of God in the regeneration -- of int the vicinity of Bear, Lake Kind love to all my sisters. mankind and the redemption-o- f the world. A. A. Pratt. A great deal might be said in defense of Valley, from which we make the following to been committed extracts, have this much talked of and often abused princi politely our consideration by Sister Ann Neal, of the To the sisters of the 19th Ward Belief ple. JiutJkno wing jhat Truth will prevail, 19th Ward Itelief Society. and that God is at the helm, I am content Society, Salt Lake City. You are ensuring to yourselves for the present, with having said this little. I enjoyed my journey to this place Arete. very much. I traveled - by rail from Salt the reward promiscdtothe . faith fulLThe i to one are distance Lake hundred blessings of the poor upon your labors; G eoiig e Tow n, Oneieda Co., Idaho. Evanston, and. fifteen miles, arrived about one p, :m., and that is a great satisfaction to those who started about two in the stage, traveled spend a portion of their time for the good of A class in journalism . commencin g with thirty-fiv- e miles; making one hundred and others. This we never fiud to be a loss butt the present term, has been organized in the It admits the fifty miles in one day, which, I thought was a constant gain. 1 often think, "to this end Iowa Wesl cyan University; to but not for self alone, were we created best writers in the advanced classes,, who pretty good for Utah. I was much interested with the scenery assist in making others as happy as our- may wish to gi ve themselves to editorial in Weber and Echo kanyons. Motives of this character, will writing. The class, it is said, has begun its Passing selves. Timnnl.i create a heaven for all. over J work with a good deal of enthusiasm ges, (5 swiftly throuinrn l;lt""Vti could not help thinking of the time when What a joyful time it will be for the and a "A says a so our. brethren were there long, and what Saints when they can live by the law of Persianlogician "were inswimmer," a boat together. story, an excellent chance t hey Imd to thro w do wa Enoch, and there will be. no poor in. their to" the wimmerrHaver rocks if theyliiidneededltQindefence4Jiiidst. May the Lord hasten His time and Said"thelbgicnm 4I never heard studied ever logic? against their enemies. And how the Lord cut short His work in righteousness, that a you the name till now was the reply. 'Alas!' accepted of their" sacrifices' and delivered pure and holy people may be saved by His said the logician 'then has half of your life .' His people. just law. in ignorance! Just then a I have often thought that if I had not Journals and records from abroad testify been drowned swimmer to the had a testimony preyiously, Jhat this jvM that the earth is groaning in wickedness, squall came up. Says thelearned anything the work of God, I should have known from and verysoon Its cup of iniquity will be full. logicianpllave you ever - What manner of Saints should we be? of swimming?Npthingbut logic,' was : that time forth. the swimmer 'then The most beautiful sight oii the journey Like the world filled with pride and vain the reply. 'Alas!' said is drowned!" The was the magnificent view of Bear Lake, notions of fashion? If our righteousness the whole of your life told us, is that seen from the summit between Bear river does not exceed theirs, shall we escape the moral of this, our teacher ' logicians sometimes get beyond their depth. and Bear lake, in the foreground was the condemnation? "Go straight on and don't mind enemies.--If beautiful clear bosom of the lake, the lovli-eEven here in Meadowville, far away from shade of blue i maginable ; and in the grog shops, inyi eiirs have been - pained to they get in your way walk around them background, rose from the edge of the lake hearoatjis from our young men, using the regardless of their spite. A celebrated enemies high mountains,, black with pine, while in name of God in a most blasphemous manner, character who was surrounded by used to remark,jnijireparko every hollow and crevice lay the pure white debasingjliemse snow, which, in the distance, leaked like boys raised by parents belonging to the you do not blow, will go out of themsclve.' Saints! I ask myself, "Is there 'Live down prejudice,' was the Iron Buke's gigantic marbeling. Taken altogether, it Latter-da- y feeling while presented to my view, one of the grandest no help for such conduct?" What an ex- motto. Let tothis be your the scandal of live down and most impressive sights I ever saw. ample to set before the world! A people endeavoring are bitter against you. If you This is a pleasant little valley, called professing to have received the only true those who from its shape, "Bound Valley," an excel- Gospel, having young elders given to drunk- stop to dispute, you do but as they desire lent country for stock raising, milk and enness and daughters to pride and vanity. and open the way for more abuse,. Let theif butter. It is much higher and colder than There must lc too much Indulgence and poor fellow talk there will be a reaction Salt Lake valley. 'It is so cold now, '"(May too little reproof. Evil ought to be put down. you do but perform your duty: and hundreds from you will fhxrk 29th,) that we have to keep a good tire all Liquor should be sold only for medicine. who were once alienated their error." More means should be given to the poor to you and acknowledge the time; and I sleeping in a wagon-bo- x 1 I I -- itFor doc-trlno- of polyg-amy,an- .. ar -- Mea-dowvill- e, -- - . . " st 