YU 31 AX'S KXT 0 N K X T. Aand n4sjKuiilUUyNv resting upon you. CT'JjLEU, EAST TiCMPLE fJUYLOR IX THE f member, each oner you aw arbitress of the 'AND 3IURPER3 I ihtlnv of nn immortal home: anil trv DV Street, have a Splendid Lino of LADIEY DKES3 LAND.1 every means in your power toplaut germs of I G()0DS. whwh will arrive about the Flrt ofAtirll.' ;.. ,... fnmtrMK inMritv anil mirirv' instnad '.of death-am- i J Kt.naorJmAi.-Avhli?hJdAAtriirtin- n . , (ot. Cultivate kvourown mind and tel(?l0llM .(MfJLLM1 VI OViliC HlOil fiiu 115 with horror, Every year heart in the knowledge" and admiration or tbU trade. UitXLSH YOVH HOMES. adds hundreds tp the list of Cains, accursed all things lovely ajid of good 'report, that leave to4hose you of God and abmirred of menrX would advise the Ladies who want to buy (in 7i man an ftiv ho is safe from the ball behind you. n Sets- of fumituro to call and and steel of the assassin, and neither matron !Keverpven contemplate the possibility of Parlor and r no matter consent to a a rail wrong, nor maid can divine how soon she may: yielding your examine the immenso stock kept by ' . victim to redhanded violence. Even the how small, if you would have your child ; il'pixwoodey, infant in its cradle is not exempt from this lead a blameless life;: but above all things, AtNo. 31, East Templo Street, and No, 75, Kir.t never, never think of freeing yourself from South Street. terrible doom. ', :':AV:r Our criminal cells are full of felons; the the incumbrance of an expected child;: for 1 sword of justice hurries hundreds uncalled i if you succeed your hands are stained with pf r; YAL LACK w. , into eternity; and still the awiui cry ascenas innocent piooaj unu u : you iau, yuur,cmiu f r est arid purest stock of coniec-and blood soul with dwarfed her of the with is that earth reeking niay grow up tionary in SaHjlkrcityTTst the place for ladies children which bloott cries dutrfor7redress.i Whence comes this demon of ferocity and 1 guish and d espair to ail who love him, and, to" purchaieTI:! of the sacred rights of human in a moment of . madness, he may lift his disregard XI r- i i Uinfnnr hnnrl nnnincf 4 n fr ff n foil ffl tttti M. I. of human life thus foully blotted? Who are thus adding one more horror, to the, blood- - j. resDonsiblef for the fierce and sanguinary curdling cry of "Murder!!". (Ietatl 1)ry fjlooDS .DfPAftf Attatft - -- L. L; D. imniilsps whfch hrnrnnt one frail mortal take the life of another? April 4tli, 18 li. beaver, Oil . woman ! Oh mothers! when you see To meet the demand of an increasing business we . FACTS AND . FIGUKES. a daricDrowea. Diooastaineci criminal leu forth to answer the question addressed to .CiriCAGol now has a population of 380,000. have added an essential addition to our' Cain "Where is thy brother?" des relent less conscience r accuse you of attempting ;FoKTV-nin- e operas failed in Italy last saw the year, to take that man's life before he ROOM, release Did you meditate liirht of day? The Shah of Persia is buildinsr a new ten wherein the most economical buyer can be suited. his from the restraint of presence by raismgf acre palace. " TWENTY-on- e 'W" editors have recentlv been It is our highest ambition to suit our vnrious visitants n rvi iiil.t l'fiiir Ttr r Aut fi mm it cm lafvii i n iaai m lu"r Mayors in Illinois. crueny, was mo cire oi unu vvno luriuia is to be widened at a and purchasers, and to display our varied tabrici Broadway, N. Y., not the least or His creatures If so, then, mother, hide your face in cost of $3,800,000. 190'IVOnO nrM nf regard 6M 0f purchaso. 'V shame and wring your hands in despair; for iJ : at your door, that responsibility lies. You land. Des Moineis is to have "a $50,000 opera This department aims to suit the demands of all have deliberately given your child over to You have steepetL his soul in house. ; perditionin and him the No fewer than 175 almanacs for 1874 have whether in crime and 'violence; planted r deadly seeds of rashness Your darkari4 been published in Paris. j n'r i GOO DBK DOMESTIC OR For't - ExfosMt.- ' I -- k-si - , s!t-kpni- . " 7 "'"ty . -- I - ; nr the-blessi- ng 1 may-desce- nd . ' Bed-rboi- ' ' .: ; '" ' : ' ihS 13 - . v I J ; 1 . 1 4 11 vJT-ff- Ul . tol" -- 1 --.- .- 1""" i 1 J1 : RETAIL . : ? - lWt.w-vMV.:.-- . 7 - SRVA-mn-Pnmprnv.nwn- s . W ... - f rs m - ; V. V. :T ; criminal meditations, even if they never assumed the magnitude of actual attempts, have been impressed upon his plastic mind -- to and have given---forIbe motive-powewhich srovern his walk in life: and tears of fL i. 1.1 f n,i. sueu U.uy you in euueu alter years, couiu noti blood, their blighting influence.. When the man is born into the world, you have no more power to shape his original disposition; you ma v. indeed, with much watchfulness and care, cultivate and "modify his character, but the leading traits V A FT V ! JM : ; " v ' lia , 1 ; ' x, , 4 w .. -i- n-the -- xuu mu iiiiuuii jiiui i unit iiitiiiui- ness and strong determination, give your child a soul and systeniunmarred by one - motive to crime, firm in integrity,' upright in every thought and deed, a blessing to his k inured, ins countrj'.and even tne age wnicn gave him birth; or you may indulge in dark thou erhta and evil motives, fullv assured that, since from a child which is vet nart of yourself you can keep no secrets, every dark design and crooked purpose will be mirrored if as good we truthfully and earnestly consider, haying had experience, in working and taken pains in observing several kinds, arid there is none better ; , as the TaLEORAPH WaSHINQ Machini, wbich ia manufactured in this city, and sold by George God-dar- d; to whom all orders concerning it should be addrfssedrP O. Box 474, Salt Lake City.".- - 77 7 ; We take pleasure in recommending this Machine to the ladies of Utah, and advise them to prove its tuDeriorityby purchasing and using it. hesensitive organization of the little one, to bear bitter fruit in the years to come, pAMPBELL & PATTERSON, when your influence will be utterljS unfelt, Dealers in Book, Stationery and Newspapers, "or the grave separates you from him, leav' ; ." ing him entirely, a tthe mercy of his owrn East Temple St. Sait Lake City, Utah.1' Orders from the country solicited. 7 Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. General Agents for Womab's Exposrxirr. , " nuilil.lllj lilt lllUgllliUUU JiUlTCi Publishers, to increase the circulation of the Expokint and aid in pfomotin theobjects con- templated in its publication,1 by making it truly an exponent of the views of the women of Utah, sustained by them, read arid Its columns . enriched with a widely circulated expression of their thoughts, we offer the follow!rig terms to clubs,- so as to prepare for increasing the Value and importance of the pae with the beginliirig of the next" volume, which n lnrger subscription list will enable us to. do. 10 copies, 1 year, with a cepy to the getter: - : -7- . 113 00 up of the club ' 15 copie., 1 year, with a copy to the getter , 7 20 00 up of the club v 1 copied, year, with a copy to the getter up of the club arid a framed steel engrav-- ing, 12x10 inches, of President Brigham i Young, Belling price, $ 2 60 34 00 30 copies, 1 ear with a copy to the getter up of the clubhand a superior first proof, steel 'engraving "'of President Brigham Young, handsomely framed, selling 43 00 :t price $4 Clubs can be commenced at any time; and addi-- 1 tions can be made after the first list of names has PaTt 0C-tD- e by-them- ,1 - ? j - ;.-- in Then, mothers, pause and consider, for DS, will have a mile of piazzas. ; r either by the yard or piece. : ir MiciiiGAN has iegislatorsiiot one of II. B. CLAWSON, Supt. whom was born in the State. ,. ,: Onio girl students play base ball,? and the newspapers talk of it. Well ? NEW CLUB RATES. ir Texas is improving' rapidly. She has 944 convicts in her penitentiary' now, '' against 21 in!8G2. Six members of the German royal family Determined that nothing shall be wanting ?n the make up an aggregate stature of jthirty-sifeet arid two inches. .3 , and himself. ?j Burdett Coutts supports a sewing Oh, woman ! though so frail i n body "IjADY m ighty ! how lasting ! is school of tyo hundred pupils in Spitalflelds, and seem i a Shored itch. your influence! Peeress, almost, of God and night sclioqlin. Himself in shaping the destinies of this world, through the dispositions you implant children of men think-no- t" your u n e fel t. nflu is nor ere nee Every Family should bave a Washing Machine; r iiarrow you J jph ng,-"-.-ho- FANCY The new United States Hotel at Sjaratoga,' ' . . beenaent.- :'"777;' :::';.7r.-:'-- : Money can be remitted by registered letter at : the publishers; ; i , 7 We hope ladies throughout the Territory, especially the Presidents and Secretaries of Relief Societies' will en d ea vor to get up clabsvand; that they will con-- " stitute themselves agents for the extension of the' circulation ef the Expokiht.' v-u "wif v, the-riskr- - 