AVOMAX'S EXPONENT OS tMirtiiHilarlv imnres,sed with tlie second THE It is sweet TV"OBLD-OFJLQY- andlhat theXoii vouldmclfoa ind' bless hymn whlch contained a' linotaken from their efforts. Mrs. II. Tout and Mrs. A. (jj0 words of the Savior. "Bo yo not hearers AVileox made appropriate remarks. r of the word alono but doers of it also." It f as we E. journey through life. -- is bv."dointr" tho things which we are corn- Miss M. A; Jenkins forwarded a report of manded that we shall gtiin blessings. It the 23rd meeting of the Young Ladies' appears tome that the people are losing sight I Association of the 4th Ward, 'the meeting 0f the object for which they came here, and was owned - with singing iind prayer; Uhat the spirit of the world has "taken Our religion is prac- -' catechism was recited by the members possession of them. present, rand themqeting , was addressed by tical, andrunless we obey! the principles I President Miss M, E. Bailey, Counselors contained therein we will not ?he able to 1 Mrs. 3Iahaiia Jenkins and Mrs. .Mi A. Care- - ondure and overcome the trials which we I less; Miss 31. Jones and Miss L. Hague, must pass throuerh In order to Obtain celes-- 1 So darkened by sorrow and sin, So full of unbrotherly strife, So far from the goal we would win-- To know that a bright world of love rUrrOUnOB us ill eve v Tft brnw th&t the aneels above lifjoice to be ever at and ' To "iifi up the lap of tbe dark And fpeak clearer" of that which they know; To kindle the heavenly spark - VV hich brighter atd purer shall glow: . To comfort, to counsel, to warn, . To lighten the burden of care; ; - To eint to a happier morn,To banish the glocm of despair: . ...... . i ' . , t , In a world more divinely fair Than foot of man ever has trod; sorrow, nor trouble, nor care.:In that glorious t hy of God. - O, His Sweet to hold converse with those Who hare gone to the world tf the blest, Where the tree of life evermore grow. And the eouI that is weary may reitl ? .SltLICTfU, , Pnovo Crrv, August 2ist, ;1873.? ' Editor1 Woman's Exponent: ' To speak of cur Father in Heaven. To speak of our bn thers on eartb, Of the penitent sianer forgiven, Of death as the erhit'fl new birth rjo Original andietected a meeting adjourned lor two weeks. : To give bread to the famishing sul, ; And ireeaom 10 inves iuv uy wvuuu, And etill as the ages unroll around-:.Spread rmore iignv to weinations - R. S. REPORTS. VYPSfPrflnV--- firPOrrfinf " 1 . Sister Eliza R. Snow,: on ' "Minutes of the 14th and lGth meetings, held by the young ladies "of the 10th Ward have been handed in, from the first of which' we' select for the present issue, the following items : Reading from the 'tfuvemle In structor," History of the Church, by: Miss Lizzie Edmunds. - Miss JNeuie i'oii read: a poem from the Exponent entitled Don' t Let Mother do it!' An original essay was read by Miss Martha M. II. Paul. Presi- dent Mrs.7 M. J. Pierce remarked that she was pleased with the reading exercises, especially, 'Don't let mother do it!' '.Girls, she said, 'take heed to what is eontai ned' lrir (hose few lines, and don't let mother work so hard;-hel- p her all you can, and strive, to oe iier greatest comiort. x ou may not know what trouble she has passed through and how much she needs a comforter. ' And who caribe a greater comfort to a mother -- : thainrgocid3 heard girls say to their mothers, 'I "don't want to do this, it will soifmy hands.' How soiled her wrong and- foolish! Mother has ' hands many times for us all, and we can never repay her for what she has done for us. Instead of going out so often as ome of us do, let us stay at homer fand; help motner, ana we will be blest.' Mrs.. Ann D. McAllister warned the young girls who iia iu fcu uui, ai service, againgt going to iasnionaoie noteis to work. It was no dis grace to work for a living but eirls should be cautious where and by whom they were in mese (lays. Mrs. A. M. I'icrce spoKo oi tlie great necessity there was ior prayer ana watch futnes?. Miss A. uraiiam felt that great good would result irom me mue meetings which "were? held by the young ladies; they were thus preparing themselves for future usefulness. Miss Lizzie Edmunds knew that it was the Spirit of God that brought them :; together with : : :. everv son and daughter he receivetlu" We must not fortret that ;6ur covenants are Just as binding :uponUi at';1he.preifent"!tim:et as thev were when we flrsf embraced tlie tros- - t aDDOintment. rwl TO -- r- rVofilni. SnAW cnirl ATfoa TT" W -- II I to the wilTgive a hrief accohni df my visit south. I it' a-is- siste.rsofJLhiscityJaddreedirged liHoWardfitLiriys thTiOteTTe'fBb attentive audience of thetaelnhery ot-t- he Relief- Societies -- at the Mating Houses Sister Holden, of the ,4th Ward, called the meeting5 to order, after singing by the choiir prayer was'ofTered b Elder J.P. IC Johnson ; The choir ' sang "Oh my Father thou that -- dwellest.': Sister 'M. T. moot then introduced the .speaker to the audience, who, ancrprdssihg:herjpleasure at moot iug so many of her sisters, i!and her thank- fulness to God.forthis protecting caro during her Eastern tour,gave an interesting account of her travels In herremarksthe speaker referred Jo.the principle of plural marriage, urging mothers to teach it to their daughters; - soWhem :settlemenis.i:EWe attentive audiences compost of:"B6Wl'dies I I and trentlemen. The first 'mfeetf-vattended was held last Thursday itfiProvo. On Fridav wo met vithhe'brethreir and gisters of Paysbnhe Ibrtoer requiting the J brivilep-- e j of attending land IT real Vii think the brethrenTieed iulte as mucK Instruction in regard to the deshm of the Relief Socie- ties as the sisters.-- i Saturday and Sunda v. attended a general meOting at 1 Salem; ; The fbUowinirrdayffwer mefc the I two-day- s. r ?i brethren and sisters at a meeting held in the Bowery of that place Tuesday held alluded ,to;the:instructions of mefetin& at Springvilie; Wednesdaytraet Josepl! Smithy Jhat ( the Relief Societies WRh their President and piaia atfshop were empowered to create any officers that Smooth residence and j spent tho.afternoon were deemMcessaryiorthweU ibeing inan rimnizedeetinTlmreda of their organizations. Therefore it iwasfviifAH h.'TiAAf Rnfpfv ntPintnmvA.i moved and seconded that Sister, Margaret Uni nn VtUUv nit mpAtinW Wf' .ArnAri.l x. omooue sustameu,, as wrresmeni oi tne cari.Tork, In aU hose places; Xtspoke ofl four Pridenfi ofiiProvo City3eUef Socie: ties, which waSrunanimous-byrthe-TTote- ot gneceflr rtbltrihrtrthfi rmfftPrrlhelrl sisters present.it ttiAAifntra ti'Aro". Itief Wlntlia f Af tia' nlrl i IvaII I S At .flip.flosATnf Sistnr Snnw's ,olrtra, 1 a' At fi.L .;L jii'iJ uVu rr44 o.2 assocming Sister Elizabeth Vrr.::::, Howard, of Salt Lake Co., gether they have obtained the Spirit of God .1 read the following. .. v which'enables themo' understand' asw e do. I urged the necessity of our bud men be-- 1 AGROST1C thephet . ' ! I i ; rr,r 1 Addressed to pur beloved Sistw W firH v.t - f . r On ,. wSf i- KI1Z jr. BKOW. t., Uty returning I.chfaHkfulSamt.'wfthoutadouM (W-- m TYiiArhtitr?atirtiilHI ttiflt ff. Was riAAACfinrv fKn JriiprOVCnicnV ! The lx! ,,on0 toTOf(s ,h,r T ' tion and while there" we appointed a Jgood la fact althuh we may not shout, motherly lady Superintendent to whom the I Mt (Zfoh. would welcome Zion'g friend.: voung ladles1 could refer for cdunsel. Inl l'h'Ai socli no sitter that we know ; Kanks M hat than dear SisterlSnaWr other places they seemed to realize thVim- wa wish 1 her .bmcerely then, 3077-pbrtahce of something being ' donfef to- - save wish but would employ. Nor, only ' those born in Zion. Jy like Sister Home, :Our means, or bught, that joy imrtrtffj !not "believe in 'enthusiasm bit believe!" ' do' iSi.lWithin our p3w'r with all our hearts. IllKET Maibek, in being wide awake Saints whole heartedj nDJ11Ie that I fler which the choir sang "Sweet bye and bye" with chorus, which was most nth5?-.coaforget their selfishj interestsand seek only for the advancement) beautifulland ehctively rendered. ; " lieneuicnon Dy icier J. r. it. JoirjfSox. uuij, y look ' i upon things as ithey-it, ., y exist we, :r;.:, .ijh; p linules of the 05th V ; of the vM should find; there should; be but one,mutuaI,1 Senior general interest In a'city off twqnty thou-- l meeting vu lveirencnmeni as--j sanu innaoitantST the r naajority ipf Myhdm held sociationp August 30th,' at tthe 14th profess, to be Latter-daSaintJ this room1 i; , 1 . j Xjovq s courie&jes: wouia jjun extend. i . ! i-- . . ; : :ed ' 1 v.. 5 " "-v"- vu-ujjeit- ui "iUA s y, MU1U J. Meeting ziKjuuu .Mil- - -- . ra'er oy Mrs. What- - is one of theaids in nesistfnfr Singing, "May we who know the of God to attain unto perfections and. it is a nnf wam1 Secretary beincr absent shamo-thMiss Ilaitie AVolly was appointed to act in appreciated by the sisters ' her places. . V '.!; The sisters of Jhe various f Ayflrds:haYer :f f 4 f; j were read accomplished much but not one tenth of .uiuuic oi uio .wsi meeting, and accepted. Also minutes of the lOtH of their .duties has7 yet beenperformedl laid Junior Association.., President Mr These Societies" in' their organization, are" M. I. Home observed; that it is'Jgratlfying designed to elevate and purify women: tc3 lhat ifc and interesting to hear the minutes.of our makaour drughters ornaments in'ioh. ini Miss Charlott ie Hile young ladies' meetings. They show, to'u's stead of beim? tho trfflinn. Ai.rATihrf that our efforts, made under the direction specimens of human life that in too ' their efforts they would continue to improve of President Young, have not been lost. I instances we see in our midst i ' to lookmany? after mough.; j03iulound.,-i-Tli-e at thACA-mAA- tin 1 ' . il.-t.-i i- -r '. -i- -:. , r- -; 1 . mtr11- elm , I 