WOMrAJN'S KX 1 POXEXT. r The jinaneial report for themselves faithful. it wu hard, s me- - to push the saw and shove the. plane, to the year was read.ahd approved. We have j time, to convince persons .'who. h id been make a button for a door, and exercise his' riven to the needy, one hundred dollars and j prejudiced against the Mormons, lb it they ingenuity in the 'manufacture of hanging eds-aevenly centsj and hiave three shares in j die! not know more about tlic iivjuirej liaskets. brackets.' rustic beiiehessl doings, than tho.e why h id been bows. Though what he does may be a7 hetopeativeT store and associated with theinforV forty shares in the a balance in; the Treasury of two luindred would have it that the women of Lt in were Texdkr Feet. The followim? is said tu cents. enslaved and trodden dovvi; She Md many dollars and eighty-fiv- e and thirty-liv- e a remedy tor. tender feet: One table-timremarked to gentlemen of the press spoonfui of carbonate of soda disolved in a Bishop Win. Maughan said, he was very thankful to the sisters' for their labors since that no where on earth had women x rpaci half nint of f.r,id water. 1 The teet are to be the organization of the Society, and hoped a sphete of action or; so mucJi liberty as ; in Sponged with the solution night and morn-- . -iri-i, 77 tlioyvould llInuiudoingTgoddjsppke Utah. She remarked to an editor iitXew jn . . and x men, was thelor orK of null li r uisgruceiui t grea privileges they enjoyed ,,r 31. A. Sister counsel. Maughan gave good , psp stings: a sum11 qua ltyshouldLekcpt . said sh e would ex tiort the sisters to fai thful-nes- to look1 bf fbr:onlis1.temei.t mul to attend meetings regularly and be 7 r m!4h n tinnrtln onH nut trt nno rAn n tnP the wants Well to. of were a the so known the in Moniioiisj pvr attending jhere diligent 1 one C made for their brethren the of so, encouragvas:noHquse any doing poor. Several Mix a quarter FOB Cuke Sore Throat. ing remarks. All present seemed tocon-be might learn the truth of a people so much She was ashamed of the of an ounce 01 saltpeter, nneiy putvenzeu, talked about. satisfied with the meeting, and we She wished the sisters to with three 6une3s of pure honey. Uilute it cluded our Fifth Anniversary with a party 11iPrican in the e veni ng which was a decided success. api)reciate the freedom- theyJiadiiiid LSvhen .wUh.LVinegar,7 andIuse:it;M a: gargle. Or the mouth a eonventionlfe liel MesEllen: WiiiTpNi ilJWeiittVlI M its. M a iiG ah etv Woo d WA it i ) ) Couliselo rs electing officers jdHthewomen ;slioW ' and join theirs votesKach of their vote3 MllS. MAKTIIA IIOWKLL, Cement for Fillino "Cracks in Furni- : J M ii.. Maria P aii k i x so n , Secretary, counted one the same as that of any ture. Moisten a piece of recently burnt M n onj enough water Jo make it fall to mahponhoweveY greaO was proud of her sisters, those who were powder; mix one part of the slaked lime Cent kk v lle, J u n e 21st, 187?; seeking to know and perform their. duties with two parts of rye flour, and a sumcient - r f in assisting to build up the Kingdom of quantity of boiled linseed oil to form it into E DITOIt Wo man s Exponent: 1 At our first meeting of the Relief Society, God; urged upon them the necessity of their a thick plastic mass. To- mend China'.: take a thick solution after receiving notice, we took a vote which being studious and active, and encouraging and word "Female" eacli thanked to the was unanimous, other; aiidlstrengthening drop of um-arabir W wr;"lind stir it into ' West tliem au ior ineir Kinu . iaiui niauu itftr of Par s. until thfi mixture is of a Eeli e rSocle fro m M.C. Adams, Secretary. manifest in her behalf, and the love they proper consistency. Apply to the fractured had shown her. Hoped they would all be edres of the China, and stick them together. The 02nd meeting of the senior and on hand to help carry out the requirements In three days the articls cannot be broken , n th samfl nlacp. Tin whiteness of the Ketrenehment Associr wnicn mm oecn maue ui.uiun. junior led matters atUsi to, business Some were, 14th rement renders it doubl v valuable. ation of Salt Lake City, was held in the two for Avliich after adjourned of meeting on the afternoon Ward Assembly Rooms The following rule for churning will seem and with dismissed prayer over singing, weeks; by Saturday, July'lTth, 1873, presided an absurdity to many, but it is given by an Z. Mrs. Counselor I). the Young. After President. I. M. by Mrs. llorne, experienced dairy tender: The night before I M; M. G itoo, Sccre fary. usual ceremonies of singing, prayer and churning, put the cream in a tin to stand in made Home Sister of the minutes, a furnace of warm water, which should gradureading 1 10 USE HOLD HINTS. remarks: She presumed all present felt the ally reach boiling heat, until thee cream" is same as she did, rejoiced at having Sister scnldinc hot stirrin? it occasionally while rest1 heard all had midst. our hese in Snow again They Keeping Children Busy: it heatinc. Then take the tin out of the at counseled had President Young what ieMJitttermor. the April Conference in relation to women are asleep, and often not even then, for in ami iet as much as possible of the steam and girls being taught to set type and learn- dreams they are playing croquet, or gallop- - from it escape. Stir it also once or twice , ur uMniuug lunuuua wWje cooling; keep it in a warmer tempera-The- y ing to prepare their own school books, mg on m it in the done for, had neeil playthings just as much as they ture thau in the dairy until churned next ben nothing yet but it was desired that the Presidents of repn-- . iwiu ai:u jhuk, uuu suucs This removes, all disagreeable Relief Societies should ascertain wlio in idothes. .Many parenrs, uunKing mey can- - m0rning. from flnv kin(1 of food taken bv the their Wards would come forward and learn not atloru time or money to proviue amuse- - pmra; nnfl AV1S. in mnk- vp. vnmVn to fail w " . a ' e to a stepping-stonto set type as 'greater meuv ami wcuiauun ui f frood butter come in fromtwentv to forty uxi, as were 'Hie lletrenchment for to themselves and hunt mhfn4 nimminff shift leave them girls things reliable as any the speaker knew of. anuuutc gets iuiu up ineir tiwii iuys..--oCounselor Mrs. B. W. Smith s;iid the mamma's bureau or closet, and enjoys the WIDOW lady sitting beside acheorfullire LFresident hatLuggested-- . to herthat-tliree- ' muss he makes there more than hersorrows inA a meditative mood, shortly after her hus women from each Ward in the city be over the punishment that follows it. As he out, "Poor fellow! and foot rule, ham band's decease, asighed lire! chosen to form a class for jsttidying physi-- I grows older, jack-knif- e How he did like good I hope he has ology and obstetrics. Also that one woman mcr uuu Kin , iiiiici, iv.ihc, kiv, nlwivs keep gooci fire5? " from: each settlement be sent to the city to screw driver and pinchers, will be in requi- - Sue where they j Young mother: "Don't" give the baby study the same branches,, and that the sition to -make his bows and arrows, his .A be supported. shios and- carts. Little Susie will take her soothing syrup. When he cries undress Bishops see that such women would momma's iipodlos and thread, her buttons him and rub him irently all over. Give she Z. said 1). Young Counselor like to have the Spirit of the Lord, that what and scissors, and leave her work basket in him plenty of room to, kick and expand. he'"silid might go to the hearts of her sisters. sad disorder unless all these . articles are We are afraid you fasten his clothes too They should all consider themselves mission-varie- s given to Susie for. her own special use. With tightly. (Jive him clear cold water freely in the Kingdom, the things which had a work-bo- x and ; needle; hook7 a pair of scis-- this liot weather. He. won1 1 need mod icine been suggested were not trifles, they were sors, and . occasional supervision of her if you don't overwork yourself ana .win principles that meant "work," and must be mother, Susie may gradually be. initiated abstain from nostrums and late hours, and laid hold of in earnest.-Mis- s into ail the mysteries of darning, oyerseiint- - Will indulge plentifully in plain, nutritious Eliza 11. Snow made remarks. She ing, hemmin":, and back stitch. We all food. Mush and milk and graham-brea- d was looking upon a congregation belonging know that children are very anxious to do and butter will make better food'' for the to a people who were blessed above all what they cannot do but this inclination, baby both in quality and quantity than all others on the face of tho earth j she felt which is fcequently fpilte imnoying, may be the tea and ale and beer ahd'other slop you honorec than sho had done when turned to good accouut. Instead of driving can swallow. , more Learn a lesson from the cows yalkiug through princely palaces. When them away, let them be taught the difficul- that roam the prairies and the caivws that Your Iraby needs no she looked at the superstition of the world, ties of what they wish to undertiike, the play in the barn-yardie thought if the sbters could realise their best way of overcoming them, and let them more nostrums than your calf and you need badly high position and be awTake to their duties, lend a helping liimd in doing the coveted beer and other slops of the kind just as 't worse.--Donenermore no bo they would, many of thorn; thing till they can be intrusteot to do it as old brindle does, and and faith unit. alone. Every boy should learn the use of get augry. We only mean what wu say. getic and seek more for Was thankful that so many were proving tools, and be able to drive a nail properly, "NewNorth West." City .wcn iri ?ent. j nd es . s, Uhi-truth- -- . P0" ? m-es-s. - - iirN . 1 - -g- li lyZZ:"'. Co-operat- ive : nor.M-uacK- . e a. iIa 1 I ' u ! s : ; . -- " . " d. - .1 