V -- -- ;.).r CETOItDMlAaiIE.r i minister to tins diseased appetite; and the pain which it often inflicts upoi those who are its in.ib.eeht objects, is a small evil compared with the immense injury it does to the mind hat eiiteVta;ns it Besides the evils already enumerated, the love of xidi-cul- e indisposes the mind to find pleasure m admiriiYgj Wliilmirrobbing it of one of its noblest attributes. If you would taste the full happiness of admiring all that is good, ami true, and beautiful, in the beings who surround you, avoid the practice of ridiculing them: for these, cannot exist together. Equally common With the love of ridicule is the spirit of exaggeration. How many persons, who would be shocked at the idea of telling a deliberate falsehood, yet daily violate truth bv exaggerated statements and ;extmvn gant expressions. - This- - fault often shows Itself in cTiildhcod , and has its origin in the activity of the imagination, joined to an iniperfeet laiov,1edge;pf language; where it is not early corxected, it grows with the. 9 th, 1S7J RiemieNO, Sept. Woman's Exponent: EMtor ' a from ' iew items, 1 6 M AN' 8 E X I ONE NT. FLOWERS. .Happi'jESS; and peace flourish where justice and reason govern. NEVEE niake a remark at the expense of another; it is meanness We should use the pastes an oracle whoso voice should guide our aetions in the future "Moderation is the silken string running through the pearl chain of all virtues." The flowers of the soul, born of the sunshine of the heart, fill heavpn with boquets whicli never fade. Never part for a day without loving words ... thi place 'rwoulil not be uhinterdsting to your readers. Sunday tlie Sitl)! ,ulr.,: a .boy named Abra- rham Eskelsori was struck by lightning on the right shoulder, which passed over his bowel, down his left leg severely bruising him; his loft heel was so budly torn that Dr. Ormsby, who was telegraphed for, considered amputation necessary. lie died on the 27th. The same day on which the above stated accident occurred, Bp. Lunt and wife were thrown from a wagon, his collar bone was to think of during absence; it may be that and her bruised-broken, ' faexri'onsiderably you will not mee t again in life. Dr. Ormsby jr. attended. The Sunday folPleasure is perfect only;' when it har- io wi n g, a boy nam ()d DayblA d a ms jvho mcjiisnviih:: nrve?racrossTTie street from BrajMeisnJsj "was "struck dead? bvMiirlitninnr. ahdf fiv with duty. other boys were knocked down, but none Mxs, v peiiklhalrutli wheii they say that of them .'were injured. '1-- have Uieard of -- riches and preferment, but they despise 'everal Dther accidents by lightning luiYjiigTrgrowjlindtr i receu they mean the riches and preferment possess is eei n nd becomes one: of t liejmos H ne ti tlycurre(y considerable ickness in thia-- placeJibut; dies of the mlnlL,Ey Bpme, iLis , suddenly ed by others. 1 i There is no policy like, politeness, .and a rough t he" bless in gs of God , veryfew ?wu.ndpirrTnru.iij' of maiiihcnisejw manner is the best thing in the world, de;dhs.'r:H agreeable tor thei t compa nionsi or Ty way of fgood versa dither to get a good name or to- supply the f iheuxJn jmju iheiristylelio equalling . lion: " Now we Would earnestly beg those want of it. ItUJaESlQETCONVERSATIONVFOir True religion shows its influence in every JjpmlTre'voiuntaYiiyjulopt ing TOsT halit.t.of YO UNG L A DIE S. speech, as they would learn an accomplish- part of our conduct; it is like the sap of a ment! to avoid iHrhtlMtitHs- living afree, which penetrates the most power, a hd to meziight,4di3taTitibpiighsr ; Young ladies are generally so ardent and a s ineirrH'iiow-ueingsin Learn to understand and properly respect amragamsi against so incautious, that whatever is Jin their a.-our is natures. sin. own their It against yourself, and you will know, Wdthout studythoughts rnd feelings will find vent in their lessens the con- ing' farther, how Jo:itreatr every body, and because it conversation; the vain, the proud, the envi- fidence necessary to intercourse-- , and Vevery th ing'aroimd you. ous, the suspicious, will each exhibit in it because it leads to misrepresentation and I r is one of the first effects of prosperity her prevailing thought, and nothing but a is a sin again.-- t our own natures, to make a man ustice. It inj n?tead of a ountain; diligent "keeping, of the heart" can correct because it deadens the conscience, lessens so that, instead oi throwing out, he : . 1 the evil. blunts iiiat nice learns reverence for the truth, only to Supposing our young. lad y friends, the we were i ntendedo Hfrvwliieh nerceptlon to be on their guard against the graver see The difference between honor and honesty and accustoms as are, really they things errors of the tongue, such as direct 'false- th e mind to enter tai n d Utor led and inflated seems to be chiefly the motive. The mere honest man does that from duty which the hood, misrepresentation, calumny, insinua- visions of its own creating. man of lienor does Ior4he,saJifi,jQf i:haracter. . tion, violations" 'of confidence, and heHke, TO EE CONTINUED. ; we would varn them against a few of are as casily lost as the sayings Witty from of sins young people, Which, pearls slipping off a broken string but a A HINT TO LOVERS OF FLOWERS. their very commonness, might escape their word of kindness is seldom spoken in vain. notice in the earlier stages of It is a seed which, even dropped by cliance, A most .beautifiil and easily attained show such as the love of ridicule, the spirit of exsprings up into a flower. a so to are be had of ljy apt very &c.,Wliieh evergreens may simple pervade aggeration, Nothing- really succeeds which is not the conversation of inexperienced girls, and plan, which has been found to answer re- based on reality; sham, in a large sense, is rr i n A cr irl ?i xt f n m rrt f nvn markably ;weli on a small scale. If geranium never successful; in the life of the indi-vi- d real and teiid their liatuie of suspicion ual as i n' t ho more comprehensi vc .1 i fe of.. The 'practice oTIn.rnnigliif o yHtllcule wliaTTf irees,:,be. .cut asTor-- snps7nirnlh1erIiir the State, pretension is nothing and poiv;er ever docs not please her in, the appearance " " they will, after droo)ing for-- is everything! I too shed new a often forth of their leaves, put or , conduct others, gains One may live as a conqueror, or a king, or a in finest vigor all winter, of and continue the very ones, being reputation young lady a magistrate, but he' must die a man. The agreeable companion, and her lively sallies By placing a number of bottles thus filled in bed of death brings every human being to arc mistaken for wit; whereas, there is no a flower basket, with moss to conceal the Perhaps ; -- ; , . . 'deiight-xan-ibujeMu- dfl "': . - n-- th -- ty;w-Tn- - A nible-maia- -- c . 1 - - . repiriiOtsl fellow-creature- s, . -- I . -- a-vo- rtex -f- - ;": tho-lesse- r self-disciplin- ; e; . - i4-r- 11 1 Vi Vrrrr-r- f ; a " few-days- ; is easily insured his pure individuality, to the intense contemfaculty of themind, that Can be .cuitivaUuU botilas;-at a less expense of wit and wisdom, than for the whole winter. All the different plation of that deepest and most solemncrea-of that of ridicule, and none that finds more varieties of the plant being used, the various all relations the relation between the ture and his Creator. ready auditors; for the silliest can ioininthe snapes and colors- of the leaves blend into a CnrLDirooD is like a mi rror, catch ing and beautiful effect.- They require no fresh laugh which it raises, and the wisest water :''iFloraCabinef?, reflecting images all around it An impihardly resist its infection. ous or profane thought uttered by a parent's A, sense of the ridiculoils, is an original like a facuitv of the human mind; it is much Tin; theory of morality and religion lips may operate on a young heart not yet comprc careless spray "ofvater thrown upon individuals than spread out in the Gospel11, is keener in some . 1 t steel, staining it with rust, which but it is liK:e some plants, which, though nenaca nut nya iowonne nignesi miucw oi twiearthe-4iyer.fcNelteaaflace- '.it ,ba. no 4if wh.nl wnmn i nth aiu'saI vps. ore never-adm- i h man. to man seeks destroy ted into our gardens, because they spread while jONEof,:thestrong cojas too rapidly, and root out what is far more true Christian enjoys is derived lrom the Boston School Committees are setting their belief that an valuable.- - The love of ridicule grows by and merciful Proviindulgence, till it destroys the power of faces against presents from pupils to teach- - dence is continually watching over him, and movement, composed discrimination, lessens the sensibility to cr.v If ist an excellent directing the course of his temporal affairs, v. e 1. t e i i of balance as our th others' pain, disturbs justice puoiic scuoois.Mreoi-- cmiuren oi every in such a manner as shall make them all blunts all noble and generous feelings, and race and from all ranks.' Such presents are ultimately work together for his good. gives a general taint ff coarseness; to 11k whole character. There is nothing too inno- be no tax "on a rich man's son might im- Squire "Why, Pat, what are you doing cent or unobtnisive to be food for this mor- poverish the child of poor widow. rThe standing by the wall of a public house, bid love of fun; nothing too valuable or too riisfom I pads to favoritism in schools and 1 thoii'rht vou were a teetotaler." Pat beautiful to be viewed In this false light; educates the mind in favor of bribery and "Yes, yer honor; I'm just listenin' to them !impenitent boys drinkin inside!" nothing too high, and nothing too jow, to corruption in latcHife. -- a sliav-otjey-ergffi- en ' i in-oth- ers - - : - - 1 1 1 j ex-av- -- ter-scou- ill ri all-wi- I t " ! j 1 " se shed 