WOMAN'S EXPONENT. their part, in furtherance of the great object or tne community becoming entirely - ... self-sus-jainin- 17:3 WHAT MOTHERS CAN DO. FACTS AND FIGURES. : g. To none is given greater responsibilities lAiViNXON man brought, suits in a justice court in onejdayy TiiEitrc is a widow in England who enjoys an income of 2,5 00,000 a year.':' j than those resting on mothers in .training their children in the fear of the Lord. - We HOME AFFAIRS. V are all aware that when we receive these Tjik.sAnnuAl .Conference jwaa larcel v at-- - precious darlings, from the hands of I their tended and was a season of refreshing. Presi- Makcrihey are perfectly innorand dent. Brigham Young spoke several times. pure jnow, mothers, we have these, dear little ones committed to our charge to mould giving much excellent instruction and and fashion, as it were, to our own liking. Thov moAivA fliAir flisit. imnrpsinns: frnm A FLEAS I indication --of Spring-tim- e aim ns; nnd Knw imtvirfnnt; if f that thosA ftnrlv weather the of Js; pring little maidens impressions should be directed in the right sight , sixty-on- e iTEjndiJburj gives three of its columns to bo used by the Woman Suffrage Society :of that city. Australia proposes a free school system, ahd compulsory education, in the interest of civilization , and f ree institutions. rs $110 :75 ttjNe vada pays her per month, and her, female teachers $02 :16. 1 male-teache- fullingeeariie estly.up from under the edge r of fences and up to be noble men and women, honorable. iijnisiana pays respectivelyllandl$76. along the brooklet's, brink, y, . . ' ,! " Those who are calledfto form a settlement in ' , rlVAr. . Arizona,i' SOUtll. Of tllft iJOinrflrl.i : vri sromnv. in? io; get .mere, sonie Having started while . ? . 1 . . 1 . ..: ever taken showed a, depth of eight miles and three f ho- heirrht nf tho . dniihlft fM- . uuu Andos.f fiiinrfnrs oil y 4 in w uwiu fhDu.ofofo 1 o vvuvi ' mivj nv.juitvi ' . n,i iv tin. ,jKKnm . . i t. i a nn i7ir t t cirntit nna mcnni'nrni . t..hot. Ar,n lr canma in mo in ir w fMTi. n:ivil iiih desires of our hearts with regard to our men were on the banks of the Amazon , : - 1. . 1 Vi f.!lfT logetner. .fi. Vnl,.tv, , 7 ,vniB- last letter -- party,upto.the timef(goirto-- W I- .. .. v.. . ...a.w. 1 ,f V. Kir t".1,.1 .written from Jerusalem, where they had arrived. - Sister Eliza U, Snow-- had stood the journey and was proving herself an excellent horsewoman. Is few places in- - this citv can an hour or w iwn 1m than in the DeseretMuseum, Mr. J.iv Young" proprietor and Professor Barefoot superinten- dent; Tlie collectiori is large and varied, and a wonderful amount of information can be gained In it in a short time. : The pESERET Teachers' Association held its meeting in this city" during Con ference, and was largely attended; while the yiufciumuie ui exercises encueu mucu vaiuaoie information. An ciddress by School Superin- - ., I - 1' ft M i" I11"3. w 1 tbinr, .fif wi T.Ak too better. 4i,r 4 ivkTrXf 3V0 rf foil to instruct them in the principles of faith, that as the Savior, when He was unon the earth, loved little children and took them in His arms and blessed them. He still loves them, and loves to listen to their prayers. Our children thus tausrht. when tney are sick, ; ,r11 toll 11 ti rnnta 'at AVJf n 1 V 1 TTIf'rl (.111 u .ifa cfi III LIS "Kir WflOIll ' r tnn hag bcon founti ,n tiic subterranean rrr. - ii,ni urt . .A recent medical writer of good authority ys1 at is certain that in our times, among our Drain workers, there arc vu'J wno do not sleep enough to one who sleeps too much. woman: hfis invented a A CEDAR-Rapidmachine for.making lace, consisting of 1U0 bobbins, and on this has manufactured hand- kerchiefs and collars and lace equal to any imponed irom 'ans. jjaniel Webster once said, "i well re- s 1 semi-annu- al A N .. m v n? the r educiit on in France and Italy. stPTi 1 at r hf if iWaS I tn nilr pnnnsp ! and thfn Wo t th av havfi don a fin v. I SHM f mrAd hncrWf thef mrenis. thev tn ?nw IS nnniifrh nrn . I arouna us, so mat iney wm ieei mat wu are - -- 1 1 1 1 1 oi,; t, v, xA. . - . ; v, ng ' 7 I : durincr their vbunr and tender years. If wo lnsui into meir minus uiu mipuruiucu I A r aIIam . hwIvpiI; l n,ia77.!Hrl Fresident George A. :SmiUi and the PalesUne p ' . 1 1 I ; sea-soundi- A- 1 . .... ;Tiie deepest: virtuous and intellicrentr wo wish them to ? to ioV their hands unon them that they may of m v schoolmates who had. and those who recover. And so with all the principles of had not. access to newspapers. Other things the Gospel; they will grow into them, hav- - being equal, the first wero always superior be given in this number of the will appear in our next issue. Exponent, hut in infancy and- - they will not fight ajgainst general in any of the commandments of God; but wiil A Middling sized man would Aveigh as men much as 4,000 wrens, and as much as 10,000 The meeting of Sunday-Schoo- l Superinten- - be llke those two thousand wyoung read of m jocustg. VlThc note of a locust can bo heard denWinTtiiis xity, oa Monday evenimrnril commanded by Helaman, that Book of Mormon, Alma, Jbtn cnapter. h ieth of a mile:, If a man of size moderate 7th,was exceed . . . . . .1.; . n nrt I ml u ' J". t Deen thnl. ww nau a y distance xaugm. xaitu iu could make his. note Jieard at the counties in the Territory beino- represented, ney his irT and 'to .while a rerwrt was also handed they jprork)tl6hato; in?; commrisqn ther, from Malad, toize, BQHtop.m lur tnW nan uecu wuguuuvii fc,vjr voice WOUld 00 HCard at a distance 01 1, UUU Frnm f Iia rprvirf Af I Oneida County, Idaho, mem. , miles. doubt, God11would deliver the .Uermtendents this medium of good is did not i 4 1. j ..1,1 jnlrt can ui iixiuuo motnersmuum uiu jNOt omy TiY.fiftVflrnnP Merrill. J.: 1 Casadv. John flourishing throughout the entire community. their children in.;. relation to religious and v vninff p. Rnnflfhrd nnd M. Limit.. J -- 1 1 - 1. A A . - 1 f . - : l m-- r v t the averaHendan parents, and children, I . n: ....iif ' . jl is iaru, uuu great gvuu,i i. is resuiung labors of the superintendents the various Sabbath Schools, .ii-l-s.- : t o T I. ... - SSlS. : ST1 ' S mmnJmrJV - . , . ' ! t : i it i . t. it i. i . - t i: For the sake of their children, if not for in noli- nr r nnnmiio . r .wishes of all who seek the Welfare and groyth themselves, mothers are i n duty; bound to in grace and'itt sound principles;' of the rising learn as far as passible, and strictly observe Tile number of women who aspire to the will bear This health. laws of tho subject generation. of belles letters, increases from miirh fnrt hpr rnnsideration. and I hope to baccalaureate to day in France. Madame liibard, Lucoi. has taken out her preliminary nat- kpa it lnrplv treated unon in the Fxro- - day wife of a young physician of .Nantes, has A 3IOTIIER IN ISRAEL. uralization papers. V NENT. passed successfully the examinationsMbr the Over 1,000 American girls are now re 01 01 ,vucx oviuB Dunlop says that in all.. European. litera, . degree icneior ceiving their education in English schools. written pnmnnsiiinn r-- ."; A female student of medicine out West, ture there are not more than three Hundred ithe 37, woman was questioned orally in young of and two hundred fifty and distinct a wrote home to her friends for $2S, "to buy plots, of a earlierthan Christianity, and had Ite presence these Almost air the news- - after, a series of interrogations, brilliantly in A when A lad y thinks it very strange-tha- t ever fihrt'poes to balls with ah escort, he al paper jokes have" reached a venerable a ilk iiui- iV IUWjN JIlUtHlIJir VilfJ IU UV Greek. are bulls Irish the to , dances the out between get ways goes whether or Never give up when you are right. A bury, Conn., recently, to decide some cloves to chew. and not to license the sale of intoxicating ntraction, A project is on foot among the numerous ftrn iannlv'-'i- TnimPllIftr . x ! liniinrs; On th nrecodincrdav the ladies of an insurance Kew York ladiesfor forming iKft bark of a cur. If you can the town voted on the question in regular company .having only women for officers, Tann-i- , modifipd with the following result: For A.if nf irnml. nr the L'ood be laughed form, holders. and agents iolicy against license, 457. On the nnf. rf Vnil Will fl FA l'f: ikpr in intellect than license. flowers hairs. Ihe grey Eternitv has .no fw mil :Ur .. UICU 1U1 ULf IV li t JJICII nilt ( OVV nf ita f,.l ";Al.rt aim iadertbenearLwmiers,mairgro8.,viu whoare taught; and. has the prayers and best Tnhiin - nr-ntn- - -- -- il r- ... - 1 v uiin to - -- ... ,..innf . - nst,ni(r7 1 