.' :,r," "' " " " ", . ;V".' WOMAN'S KX PON EN T. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. , Ql i our dwellings are those of natural produif-- i FRIDAY. ' as corals minerals, tion,;such shells, crystals, KVmij tilliA iimnfinnrinl Vridfiv lutk licn etc. There ever has been a desire to retain flowers during the; whole winter; but what frowned upon as a day of. and, Nature witholds, Art Mn many; instances j though this prejudice is less" prevalent now. r ThiratherinL ?rasseifhnn uliAn mrtinllv "simftlies. livvof O x' O )f ci . . " vnrA ...'i mosses, ferns, and certain flowers called superstition had ireneral swa yet there imaDfaalinin. or everlasting flowers, during are many, even in this matter-of-faage of autumn is a delightful occupation. Then ours, who would hesitate, on a llay so in- - ' comes the work of setting them up into auspicious, to begin an 1 undertaking of various ornamental forms. Most of the momentous import And now many bravo a somber mariners, whose heart's unquailed could grasses and iseveraliiosses dry of : ii ii it nue, inougn iney reiaiu uitrn f.iui5Hc meet the wildest fury of their ocean home, To wdiiten,, or bleach them, make a 'would blanch to even bend their sails on form. cone of paper, in which the flowers are to Friday! But, to show? with how much sulin barn of reason this feeling is indulged, let us exbe placed, over a small piece g phur. To dye - them red. Carm ine dis- amined the following important facts in solved in a solution of cabonate of potash, or connection with our settlement and greatse canni no dissolved in amnion in : ay, vu- - ness as a" nation," and "we will "erhow littler-caumine. a quarter of an ounce; liquid amino- we, Americans have to dread -- this niahalfitt ouneewater, aflurteroiiipint fatal day: BliieT-Indidissolved in sulphuric aciuV On Friday, August :)d, 1 102, Christopher and : iieutralizeil with" Wiuting.z:Yiliow!r Goluinbus sailed oiihfs great yovagerpfis-- ; A solution of tiinneTicinTitirut Coverr." Lilac. On Friday, October 12th, 1192 he lirst Violet. Archil and the alxjve blue. f '. We find ilie'f following- iii'.n exchange A .staiiding antidote for poison by oak, ivy, etc.j is to take a handful of quick lime, v e rii fc Hva" EerT itTit stand tlixjn paint the poisoned part with, it. Three or four applications will never fail to cure. The following suggestions of devices are from, a Correspondent : of the "Rural New .' "1 ''; Yorlser:" 7 to ihl,KOTEcrroit put behi nda wash-stanis made of pink, cambric, covered with dotted muslin gathered, and sewed on; a hem an inch wide on the top gives it a finish i v eh,; I take a square For a 1 1 a i piece ul' piif pretty pattern witli worsted; line it with cambric: bind it on thrde sides with ribbon: roll it so as it forms a horn of plenty; put a bow. at the top and bottom and it is com ; :' - dfs-Ts- ol halt-anhp- ur, ' . d, ;.. . n-Ue- -- -- plete. ' V . ; ce v . I Have Toilet Mats made of white Marjicilles! braid etlwitfrfine, red ;.bratd jtuid tho''d:'-crai)roideredwili;el-rtjottou- H T. G. I - X V X ill-ome- n; J v- ct ' " . . " go, rclill, in boirinwater- T- idT&eoverediraid. Fridav, January Ibn fo yellow lirst light blue by ililuting the abovocby one ...... I V ith,' f 1 u:i. ho sailed Spain, .whicli, if ho had-no- t pn jiisjreturn reached in safety, the haipy result which led to the .settlement of this ivast continent would never have been known. he arrived On Friday, March iath 1 u in pf-sug- arr a safely at Palos. he ar On Friday, November 22d, batter and keep stirring it till suincienuy. rived at Ilispaniola on his second voyage to thick to leave the liiLpan. .. Four. it, into a MAN AND WOMAN IN LOV K. America. mould previously soaked in cold water, and Juno FUh, 1 It) t, ,he,t hough when could it will turn out easily. cry one must have noticed the gnat i On Friday, - 'liuKNs, Scalds andtheiu Treatment. difference, as a general tiling, between the unknown to himself, discovmt the conti Mix common kitchen whiting with sweet conduct of the betrothed man and the young hent of America, On Friday, 31a rch oth, JIOU, Henry VIII. oi oil, or, if sweet (Mi is hot at hand, with betrothed woman," says a cute observer Eriglandfgave to John Cabot his com water Plaster the whole of the burn and engagements among young people, "lie, of is mission which led to the discovery of is orth sonie inclies all around with the above, after the braver and stronger of athe two, to America. This is the first American state bash ful, nd seeks mixing it to the consistency of common u tterly confused and fact. She,oiitlie-cqii-trar- y, paper of England. paste, and lay it on an eighth, or rather more, make a secret of the On Friday, September 7th, 1584, Melen-dc- z tries to parade it, lis proud' of it, of an inch in thickness. It . acts, like a founded St. Augustine the oldest assumea a certain air of pioprietorsliip over vhai;ni : . thj ,mastiigoni2Lmgpai than e in the United little delicate minutes stilled. Take care to keep the him, and offers to years.' mixture moist by the application from time confidences asto how nice it is to be en- forty On lie his Friday, November. 10th, G20, the Mo time offresh oil or fresh water, anil at gaged, and how dreadfully jealous cause oi Mayflower, with the Pilgrims, made the "mVht wrap the whole part atfected; in gut- - if she looks at anybody else, ine and on the same or flannel, to keep the moisture this is just one thing the man is in love harbor of Provincetown; I have studied numan day was signed that august compact, the . . from evaporating. rue patient wnjuin an the woman is not. into the depth of hearts; forerunner oi our glorious constitution. probability, unless the flesh adbemuch injured nature, have looked On Vr iflav. December 22d.r 162U.-- tne one, sleep I have made man and woman the study of Kahd the burn be a very-bfinal landing on Ply made their Pilgrims mylifejndverthatthev " ; :rrz: rock. mouth fene rose. iias ior a black than rarer simpjy core aua rare anoui -i ART. : !o 3lATBiHO'On Friday, Fcbtuary 22d, 1732, George the same feeling that the young .apples; put them her lover has iira half dozen nice-size-d of .American free for her babe. She has an Washington, the father mother n1 to water a little with ' keep intd'aaucepan for life, to make dom, was born. thenilfrom burning; hoil them until you anxious desire to see him Oir Friday, June 16th, 1775, Bunker mil sure that he is comfortable, that he is in can pulp them (but do not forget to fre-- v invA reioices in the knowledge. was seized and fortified. and with her. a of a add then quarterr quently stir; them), On Friday, June 7th, 1776, in Congress, love is madness to nnimd of currants.two ounces of candied peel, The idea of losing his does not unuersuiuu a motion was made by John Adams, and nl herself she her. hnt if sweeten ; to it nicely and enough sugar woman who is not selfish and greedy seconded by Richard Henry Lee, that the if rour liked nutmeg, , fine clothes and United Colonies were, and of right ought to her have can who and n tart-timean, dish TYiivfnfft larL'e. or' V inlo a overuows wun me be, free and independent. V.that: lias been lined with a thin a grand establishment, Oir Friday, October 7th. 1777. tne surren n ie. one epexiua auner mothers feeling same out another piece ine mste. Then roll such in childhood, on her poodle der of Saratoga was made, which had dolls on htr it over the which aiid: place size thickness, influence in inducing franco to waru, powerful and alter or her canary; her or kitten, font nress the edsres together all round, for our cause. arrives, on her lover. Many declare make a hole in the centre (the same as for when the time On Friday. September 22d, 1780, the trea- conceit of his deal a losc would great mince-piesand bake. When apples are a man enna nw f yrnold was laid bare, which saved. from a 19th,' 1781, On .r.-zFriday. - occurred; - . plentiful this makes pleasing change v i October . to be m love witn nim he whom supposed and of puamugs. the the ordinary routine of Yorktown crowning surrender :.to. pics the would.basurprised felt Sher-also- , really of the American arras. cocoa-nCocoa-nu- t Cakes. Kasp a fresh hear that she was not in love at all, but only see Thus, by numerous examples, wo on a gratpr, avoiding letting any of the delighted to have some one in love with hnt. hnwever it may be with other nations, hrnwn riiid in bv holdincr it towards you: her." Pfid never dread to begin any snread it on a dish and let it dry gradually ' Hill Female Seminary,at undertaking on Friday,be.however important for two days; add to it double its weight of Park The n whites' of ToWonnah hft pnnital of the Cherokee or momentous it may sifted sugar and the eicrht eccrs. a tcacupful of flour lor every Nation, which has for years been closed, with fair promises of; suc- is now pound; put the mixture into small drop-tin- s in Scotland for. Elixtiucitv is now usedthousand .1 Hi lfh Afica Klin 7f. NoVCS as nnrl hikn n fi verV frentle OVCll lor aDOUl tons oi and five purposes, blastiug acrrccablo A Noycs Ctir.nrintnflrnL very twenty minutes. were recently displaced at Kemnay in her granite make talented lady of the will that young To Dye Dried' FrwERS. Some by one shock from a battery. doubt. without o thef new occupation, interior .most beautiful ornaments for half with waterj and then use ;jthe; All these grasses, etc., aie dyed by clipping "Niagara Falls, N. Y." rr Arrowh got Puddi NG. M i x fou r table- them into solutions of the above mixtures. spoonfuls to a smooth batter with a half pint The colors may be brightened if the plants of milk: nut a Dint of milk on the fire with a be first dipped m water containing cream oi " -- !itlvheiUoilvldhe -- . mm'. - i set-tleme- her-frien- Statcs-by-mor- ds . ta-perc- ha . . . mi M - : T - . 1, - . A- - ? Sf f1 te - 4- - I . also-iv-littla-g- rated ), andanity-if-he-knew-just-howtheg- irl -- . ut ; -- well-beate- re-open- & ed -- V . -- nt 