WOMAN'S fi)vj:us kor the sick. some' galloi horses, some browsing, r inL' wildlv about j terror at the ...... snorting i steamer.. A t ntervals of every two or three "Daisy Eyehrighr," the lively corre.spon dent of the "Country Gentleman,'' and the wife of a physician, SVl'itesi ' "if fwouid he selfish in us: to cultivate flowers merely to adorn our own homes, or to gratify our own Jove of the beautiful. The flowers are generous, their fragrance is not pentup in thciiiselvos, but is wafted on over thetiny current of air, and is shared by every one; who msscs by our irrounds" or enters our parlors ;and we doubt .not that manywistiui eyes admire the bright colorings ahUTde?lro to:hold imftlieliTiTi their hands as their very own. It is a sad from 'walking thing to be sick and disabled . i ! .. 1. Tt 13J n nan.! ( tlf vul ,l iu uc siiui up in gmii juvauuu theJiouse, a feebleiwasting invalid,' when X 1 ." 1 A. FACTS AND FIGURES. y ... ' KXPOXENT. ' - 11 m s,- iuiItwcrgHdo-imt-n-loiig--Kw--of-barge- Ml.(11ilMdVelto cuaaiuu uuu muir?, vhiu; iiw uniery iiru 'l i ' Bass, : the English Brewer, pays yearhr 700,000 to the railroads for transportation. ; Moses Dupont, of Ilplyoke, Mass. . and ws twenty-thre- e brothers, have between V them 322 children. ' ' are new in xiiere . ; hotel .the a t.!C -- Chicago's sunrs. an mue-- i uidiju xuujiuc oj uigms qi 0fAvire, 999. widdoWs and 1,070 doors, V, -, ?ope and Czarina, and the Pope and te JaMla of Spain have been and valuable changing elegant presents. , residences: for tho.o who look after the to the the meal. According grinding . ?tradition ofofsoii2r. lers are a joyous,' lively - v. jru diffieul to wagmei be n,ce,lm itwou.d more solitary, cheerless life than the lot of these men,: 0ne 8ide water all around" them, and such land as they can see, barren, and forbidding. Of active life on tlfeTi verthcrcris scarcely a sign. The ABOUT2,000ear stream is split into so many branches, and pater built a ship at Alexandria 420 feet so' manv devious long, 57 broad, and 72' feet. high. Tonnage winds its wav through . . t' fAflD .P I j ,1 .fit. ! c.,:: cnanneis, uetween isianus teeming .. wun yirwo.-- - y A Russian lady, Ldia Bodelrena, has rank vegetation and hi&h sandbanks, that ' - i . ' - ex-Que- en inter-desola- - I ' 1 1 1 . - S much to fill the heart and eye whh joy and Occasionally we medical instruction for women in St. We that rise early and employ ging a fleet of heavily laden barges against burg:Academy of medicine, l : with daily cares and labors, can tire stream, and then there isan interchange The Episcopalians of Chicago are buildin hardly; sympathize" with those who are of courtesy bei ween the two crews which is two new churches, respectively luam eti sf : unableeiyoy these privileges, which Johns and Trinity, at a cost of SI 50 000 for can really never appreciate until they are captain on the barge raises his gold-lac- e cap the former and $175,000 for the latter -- lost and goiw-- b every community there are those who half down the companion Wder does - WgMy prize th(L'green.things of the earth' ditto;way even the helmsmen are so intent upon oiwhichare .sold througlthe, Jsew - - and yet are not hble to eniov them. but are bowing and salutin, f imFthftv let their forced to: struird sickness day and night. To such sufferers a of the dangerous navigation. "Sti Louis It is a notable fact ' that: the first victim of cholera in Indianapolis was a bar tender fragrant bunch of flowers comes like a mes- - Iper." oui-selve- Peters-happines- s. s -- irvr -- who wore a diamond pin, and had taken other 1 37 RESPONSE TO A LETTER WRITER. precautions against the plague. At Des Moines, the liquor ease of Mrs. A letter dated Fountain. Indiana.' Julv 14; Priestly against Hierb has been settled by j U3, and addressed "To any lady of good Hierb giving her a homestead valued at anding in the Mormon Church" having $1,500 as damages for selling liquor to her " reiiched the Exponent post office box, husband. through the courtesy of the postmaster of bis city, demands notice. The writer Southern Baptist State, both in respect to claims to be a physician, expresses his de- - contributions and numbers "one' in every sire to emigrate to Utah and become "a eight of the population ' it' isV said bein" ' i member of the Mormon Church;" says He is Baptist. , : . l "a strong advocate of the Mormon doctrine VJ dlspfcIies anxious to -l-heirSufferingsraiuLwilLdoall Jieisjv'ery -t- o alleviate tlm. Amid the dullarkyof mdjprlndpalbut tJc"ome he. were. kuow; whether 1 ble'sod of in phials medicine, it is almost a "engage practice, and goin the Mormon "T'l relief to see a few flowers, which can cheer Church," the Mormons would lend him -- a fwit"-Resident Cojfax, the patient in his bitter pain; and if death helping hand" and assist him in getting is the only physician that can heal, the a practice by givinhim "their patronage ' A.DEC1SI0 which will have an important beann& upon the rights of passengers in flowers will speak to the suffer of brighter and influence!,, Evidently the writer's street cars, has just been rendered in the skies and purer airs, where no griefs nor devotion to "the Mormon doctrine and prin- eneKU Aerm of tne ew York Superior graves are known; and sin and sorrow never cipals" is to be materially influenced by the . . i r un TVkMmt i rnp fnsA nr n. en it. tnr i u wnnno VjUurt. in t,i senger or hope and comfort from the outer world even a simple rosebud or a bunch of pansies is fraught with a blessing, and such slight tokens of remembrance will brighten many a dark hour, and give a cheerful appearance to many a gloomy room. Far : better than pillanncL powder, sometimes, are the bright, sweet flowers of our urardens to those who are denied many comforts; and zeyeiiiwhenitheir:illness .iso, severe that only the physician and nurse can enter their sick room, the lovely, fragrant flowers will : remind our friends that we are mindful of 7 1 v ; -- m' tJZIlfi Ttf S 5,e - -- -- -- vyAVV-Vy -- little tokens of affectum and interest Dear "patronage and influence;" were he an about 000 by 40 feet, burned out and the friends, let us bestow of our abundance not nonest gentleman lie would have addressed r"oi on- .the sick and suffering, but also on his letter to "Any gentleman in good stand- 3Iit. John McAllister, who lives a short only upon, . ... . .1 11 ii , in the Mormon Church" instead of to distance from Dover, Maine, reports thiit.nn "any lady;' for although he says he has the otli of June there was a snow-lxanat THE BEAUTIFUL BLUE DANUBE. written to several gentlemen in Salt Lako least four foof dnm . City and received no answer, we are satisfied hill near his He has lived on his The baiiks of the Danube for manv mile s he has not written to any of the authorities farm tiftv dwelling. after leaving Vienna are flat and uninterest of llieCUiurcJi, nor t(auyJcading latter-da- y ...show upon the ground in June 1 ing. Here and there a rough wall of looose Saint in the Territory. We notice the letter The leading citizens of Portland, Oregon, stones lias been thrown up to resist the enof "hat have rai.se! a j.urse of, 00 in gold, and croachment of the water; but the general a,V sfI'ecl"!e." man has a S0"?Ie,family, yet it to Sirs. cnaracier 01 tne ianuscapeJetokens the im- proposes to leave them behind in rndiana; presented said to have d possibility of cultivation, and the fields seem witt of thlty dollar scarcely yet to have recovered from the with month. The per decensed devastation of the wintery floods. Stunted, s,lould Pursue- are Mid palsied willows, With an flimsy. To our K?e,I Ttt mnn,,?,, occasional ipoplar, are: theonlytrees; the mind he is neither honest, sincere nor a xvhtnu grass ; is long and rank, and flags and ?" woa'd:0'..to work a great extent, is to be carried on ty a rirtl-e- vil ,1thin No thickly - fringe the- stream. covering of religious ore- - mill ulnVh i, ,.. ...,,..i seems to division UmMIo attempt 'at have, been tention. r.. ir,r f . xjr., ii a iu.H ui .ou,uuu. in inc.. made ill is icoimr on property; thoughliere . of making mils the iron msf s and there, where the herbage is of better A .man liuiued Jayi(l- v, esbit, in Lindsay (Process thirteen setsof rollers, without a halt through quality and more fitted for grazing purposes, Ontario, proved his unlimited devotion to a anu is turned over five times for side rolling. one comes on a Mist herd of lady, MissMary A. Ilopwood, the other The iron is taken fmm the heating fumac d cattle, or a' drove of small, wiry, j day, by shooting her deadnot by accident and transformed into a mil in half a miuule. 1 nose wno are uenieu sucn oiessmgs 1 .t. , k .i-t,- i , SAforlnttT'WeM CflT'r shock-heade- d, ,"'r bull-rush- es - i -- n nothlng-btttapindo- S'eavlnSS, havo" , ..r-n;- i..i " . i- - j dun-colore- d, long-horne- ' 