WOMAN'S. EXPONENT. - - (For tlio ExroxEST. ' 1-- Poop. Man's Pudding. Pour one quart w;n:i3i nut vi mi; aim, iutuniii iniut' ui mu modern beau and bell, but of the "hearty of hot sweet milk over a pint of stalo bread shake-down- s s and of their or biscuit crumljs; let them soak an hour; And theziw&iri shall bo one flesh " The game sweeten to tastp. Beat two eggs well; mix grand mothers and grandsires Shall wc.indeed be one! one in mind in of battle-dor- e is good, and with the brcadirTiltrweJirTeaiuTwStliT and shuttle-coc- k in netion.one thought, orange peel; dried, beaten fine and sifted. :. e T r .. . . - .uiw 41... ..I ...Ml ' wm 01 mm ui eiuruui be should jroaiy'eirttfl jfRiuu, played always in the open air, Bake just as dinner is ready, It should be fwl iiif.Aln . uw OXlU and with an uu; 041U i.uc.y twain iiuu l.r freshness of and eaten as soon as done, with solid butler" flesh?" )Thouglr two in material, corporeal, and not the tarneness of ilrawiug-roo- spirit, atti- sauce. .;'y and personal identity, yet one in spirit in tudes and manners. Y ,1 Rkead and Butter Pudeinci. Butter love, in union one: being formed to affiliate, are or as calisthenics, Gymnastics, a deep pudding-dish- ; they line the !ottoni with to harmonize and we become one sometimes called, should be a branch of all in spirit, in essence one, and one in" repr- education, and especially of. that of girls. thin slices of light bread, well buttered; this, a thick layer of currents, raisins oductionthe spirit and true aim of all Anthropology, or in fact any other ology, is aupon nd ci truii ; another Jayer ofbnttexefLIiri-itii..-"Meon gugal -- affee t i on s : The nu n ose - o f ou r unimfwrtim comparatively ke a eu.:tard y beat i n g s i x o r c I gl i t eggs end to mature eternal lives: j with that art which is essential to the creation with a quarter of a pound,of nice sugar .and. My husband and I are one. : and of the beauty a quart of milk. Pour half this eusfctsd on physical vigor development Axiom. of woman. It was in the gymnasium where the bread in the pudding-dish- , and let it the Greek woman formed herself into that stand half an hour. Put over the remainder IIOU.SEIIOLl) HINTS. immortal model of graceful proportion, of the custard, and bake in a moderate oven. which all admire and strive to imitafe; but Large crackers may Ihj split and buttered, Health in Relation to Beauty. neither modern art, nor nature, unless rarely, and used in the same way. Serve with The first great law of beauty, as of health, mock cream or arrowroot sauce." is cleanl inesslPu re wate r i s th e bos t o f al 1 and means of the best acquiring Finally agents: of cl heal th, is even and preserving; goodi hoks, IfANOTf to complexion" the ropcr culture of the understanding and when luke warm. After such a bath j the aflectipus. ; A r Wi t o r ismt rsM sk i n - becomesso tie sent irrieii t, will be reflected" pu rely in Tinio out of Jiiiiuf, geh and glossy. The Imdy should always be the coarsest medium and cmlow the homei T ii E ' 'lioiiie ci rcii i rapidly mid thoroughly dried, and a brisk liest face witli ah attractiveness fcyoud sign u t with walk or some active exercise or other for a that of all charms of mere form and com- a baby in tlie night. few minutes afterward, will be advanta- plexion. A PiiiLApEi.PjnA editor s:iys: What has more to do wi th h u n Ui in most resem I e 1 e .s o geous. m f a than is generally, supposed. z.vjzz: y" various Turkish and Russian The Catarrh-din- . baths, They each sneeze? other. upon the effect of all of which is to" force the perIt is said that iron is a good tonic for Tomatoes au G u a i n. Tl i is si m pi e a nd spiration, are not favorable to the bcautyof delicious dish is made by cutting some ripe debilitated young ladies. VThis may be so, with vapor-batthe skinh but ironing is a better one sometimes. moderate rubbing, may be allowed, but not tomatoes in half, putting them in a buttered and bu Iter, Mathew VII. r, New Translation. "Hythe floods of hot steam, followed by dashes dish with some the splinter out of your and the dislocating process of pepper, 'and salt, and baking till slightly pocrite, first take of w4ll r browned on the top. you see to t ike the mote ownyethen shampooing. The ancient practice of anointout of your brother's eye." Apple Cheam. Roil twelve apples in ing the body after bathing with oil and It is said that cream may be frozen by perfumed unguents, was favorable to the water till soft, take off the peel, and press health and beauty of the skin, and might be the pulp through a sieve, upon half a pound simply putting it into a glass vessel, and revived with ad vantage. There are various of pounded sugar; whip the' whiles of two then placing the whole into an old kich-elor- 's bosom. emollient and perfumed baths, which are in eggs, add them to the apples and beat all A Vokt was annojed when he found this great favor with the luxurious. These are together till it becomes stiff, and looks quite a on dish. or Serve various white. it heaped up line: "Where are the dead, the vanished composed of oil, milk, buttermilk, of the famous aromatic herbs. The -beauty To Restore Colons Taken Out by Acid. dead?" published as follows: Where are was Madame old French Directory, Tallieu, Hartshorne rubbed on a wollen garment, the dead, the varnished dead?" in strawber-riein tiift hflbiiof' bathing-herselwonders why she and A y it is also a good and cream. Flax-see- d Spirits of turpentine is good to take grease her husband quarrel so often, for she says an there For aromatic bath, .ingredient. out of cloth; apply it till they agree uniformly in the one grand point of or is nothing better than lavender which de- thedrops canpaint he wishes to be master and so does she. be scraped oflV Rub Frencli paint use. The French name its from rives its chalk or magnesia on silk or ribbon that has The liberty of the Press consists in the "pote d'amandes," made of almond, ground been greased, and hold it near the fire; this right to publish the Truth with good rice, orris root, essence of lavender, cloves, will absorb the grease so that it may be motives, and for justifiable ends, though it etc., is often added by the Parisian dames brushed off. reflects on government, or individuals. to their bath, and its effect is highly appre Rice Griddle "Cakes. 4)ne pint, and a ciated by them.- half of cold. boiled rice; put to soak in warm Columbus was in Ohio, immediately started Exercise, m the open air, and at an water enough to cover it. Mash the rice out Wes t to interview the 'old man" about seasons, - is aprime promoter of health. well; and make a batter, just before using it, the voyage that resulted in the discovery Walking when not carried to an excess, is with one. quart of sour milk, one light quart of America. one of the best methods of exercise. It acof flour, salt to taste, two eggs well beaten. "Were you guarded in your conduct quires a regularity of movement, favorable The batter should be moderately thick. Stir of the while in New York?" asked a father of his to graceful development, especially a teaspoonful of soda just before frying. in a Taken with and son; "who ""had just feturhed from a visit to chest pleasant lungs. Hair-BrusueToo How to Wash tliat ci ty-- 'Yes" sir: pa r t o f th e t i m e by companion, or in a party of three or four, it of for is kind bad any two policemen." is better than when taken alone. You frequent washing Once bristles. as it softens the brush -- should jvalk briskly, so as to quicken the "My dear, what makes you always for circulation, bring a good warmth to the a fortnight is sufficient yawn?" the wife exclaimed, her temper skin, and induce a moderate perspiration. Disolve a piece of soda in warm, but not gone; "Is home so dull 'and dreary?" "Not Horseback exercise is particularly favorable very hot water; dip the bristles only of the so my love," he said, not so; but man and to female form, attitude and grace. It is, brush once in, then rub a little soap on wife are one you know; and when .alone Pm moreover, held to be the best preventive of .them, and continue dipping the brush in weary." svnd out, taking care not to let the water get an excessive plumpness. A Shrewd old gentleman once said, to his white becomes or till back it to the also an handle, but is excellent exercise,' Dancing "Be sure, my dear, you never not as it is generally jmicticcd. Nothing, 'and clean, then dip it once into cold water daughter, a poor man, but rememlxr that in fact, can be more hurtful to the health in the saiho manner. Sbakc and wipe it marry man in the world is one that the than the fashionable balls in overcrowded witli a cloth, and stand it, bristles down has poorestof plenty money ainl "nothing else." It to d ry be fore the fire oh rooiiisnhereJthetUmosphercis- - hotund ward , water A Little boy, turning over the leaves of soaking into the pores of the pestilential,, the excitement intense and is .the When dry, a ladled book , happened to get sight of a sensual, and - the iidu!gence4n eating and ivory that makes it yellow. ; whereuiKn, The rub the back and handle, both of the ivory pattern for a fiishionabley hat jIrtiiL' tin" (A'fKm vo and untimely. ! "Oh! lookie tortoise-shebrushes, with wash- - lie exclaimed rapturou-ldance, to be healthful, should be in the open and rooms,lind;shpuldileather, to polish them. air, ur in A TIIUE WOMAN'S SOLILOQUY. double-shuffle- -- 1 1 : . - awu. out-do- or ' m : " co-opera- te, a i The ' , ' theRtyMhekinind 1 1 all; Good-hum- or good-healt- 1 ... -- re-a- ct t A-rsi- mple h, bread-crum- ice-wat- bs er, j s -- OMA-NroOium- or 1 s. . hair-brushe- s. a-clo- tlu . J ll - well-ventilat- ed 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 5 