W 0 M A N S K X P () N E X T 147 , r drawing long, heavy hieaths, which ho felt, donated liberally. Our receipts for dona-- ; in the nieetings; she had been edified and rested and restored his Citigued body, and t ions since the Society was organized frit that she understood iii'irc concerning r ho was soon able-i- o rise and -- attend to his amounts to $1,51)7:50. Tim sick and needy faith' than ever before, Counselor Mr Iw Howard gave a very have been cared for; we have assisted in business. besides' counle. interesti n g accou n t of J i er ea rl y ex peri euce could not apply buildintr a house for an "aired The speaker asked if-x r. j UVv . .. . .kJ,l tin 41w rihiirdt niul P 4n lwnitior nvinnnr these and similar lessons to ourselves, and ArniMl!t J answered that we could j she had proven it; sembly. Itooms; donated to the P. E, Fund in iwhich the light of truth was first made that twenty, thirty or even thirty-fiv- e years $101; towards building the Temple $270; man i fest to her .ni ind, and si owel what of faith. ago she had seemed older than now, had never have invested in the Vlih Ward and .Saving oWer there was in the prayerenemi'es-of 1 he enjoyed better health of been half so happy Bank to the credit of $'2'M) and in the After whi(ihihe.saidthat-:50. Our the Saints were preparing to give theni Treasury ircashTcI JUiJiejklifc4)eforef as at thepresent t i me. Sister Zina 1). Young remarked that no meetings are held the first Thursday in each another lift up the hill; as they were one had any right to triflelLwith existence month; the Spirit of the Lord is much many of them too careless and indolent, God had given.-- - A short time ago a young enjoyed by those attending, who realize about the things of their religion, Jo keep urged on right path, except tliey were ladv had died suddenly, and after her that they are times of r refreshing andr iend '"' :': rT':.'-:7" death it was ascertained that by lacing, her to strengthen and stimulate us to increased occasionally. V"'. Other remarks were made, and there ap ribs had been turned in, so that the front energy and diligence in our duties as Saints Good of God, and iii the good'eauso in which wo peared to be a 'general impression that the ends almost met wi th the back-bonsense should once more get the upper hand are engaged. I believe I can say, there is subject of faith had been introduced into : of pride and vanity, and then woman could an increasing interesti taken in contribu ting the meetings : at the riglit moment that its m exercise, with earnest prayer in ?ehalf of 1 ive long and fulfill - the measure appointed to the good of tho Society, and that it is the the Church, was !TighIy"reniTTsTfi unto her with rejoicing. It was well to a flourishi n ir condition; trusting thatill " continued at The same subject was to be iwor-AvdenmndsaiKWnecessi --always jmU : . ""Jvi. . Zl. .... .. 1. M a; the next meeting.";'':;";;";:"-imui-uui..,! If the tears of th e daughters of Zion were COIllluueiO UUUSl.yur aj.iiipumiva to be wiped away, tho present was as good a to do 'them' good, until it can be siuu "lliere YOUNG W031AN. are no poor in Zion." The Woman's hx- - A time as there would ever be to begin it. Mrs. Willmarth East said, that to contem- ponknt is hicrhly appreciated by many ol A short distance this side of Union, on the who pray that it may continue plate the degeneracy of the human family our iiembers, ohTandrTitusville Ilallroady-tfe- e :isa: was enough to convince any' one that it was to increase m interest anueireuiauon. Elizabeth II. Goddard, Secrejtary. veT5oiiganderyjii necessary to study and learn the laws of lne upon which nobody venfureswlio is at all healthT "Dieting was one thing that too Imd -Jmmeduitely the loth of February, being a inclined to be little notice was taken of?, and going with Saturday i s a t t T res tie there iavorable-daaFthis side of he sharp curve xlamiTfeet wasnunef the Vorst thingr:a fineiaiid road, so that a person, walking on it woman could do to produce desease and tation of the members of the Ketrcncnment in the at the 1 4th Ward pan nnt b( seen bv the engineer of an sutfering. For the sake of future genera- Association were present i n this ci ty their usual approaching train until it is nearly upoii tions, mothers should endeavor to preserve Assembly Itooms, m. ;oies, him. On Friday last, as Mr. health and longevity Jthat the same might place of meeting. After the . ordiiiary preliminariesl'resi-den- t engineer of Mrrllolmes train: came around be implanted in theirpring. was Mn. Mary I, Home made excellent the curve at a good rate of speed, he mid-diMiss L. L. Greene was interested in the e which she testified horrified to discover a lady about tne remarks faith, nature of concerning laws the of subject Thysiology; of the trestle, and hardly a train's length of the Apostle, Were the laws of God; it wTas impossible to was indeed, in theoflanguage y" hoped for the from him. Quick as thought-"liUiviolate the one without sinning against the "The substance notthings seen." If by faith whistled "down brakes,,, gave her sand, and other. In order to reasonably exercise evidence of things leve while at inouiitains re- threwbaclr-thereversin- g Jiad been sick: healed, the: should Jive women men and God faith in to life, and many the same time he knewr that It Was" an raised dead the moved, of their laws the with beings. accordance in to check the heavy train before what The principles of the Gospel were the prin- other marvelous things accomplished, but impossibility the victim would be overtaken and crusned not the Saints hope for if jthey a might knowledge eternal of proper life; ciples that faith to death, and with fixed eyes he awaited and use of the faculties, physical and inenfal, lived to secure to themselves The lady heard the to the tho catastrophe. would make gods and" godesses of the which is obtained through obedience requirements of the laws of God? If we children of men. mustard seed, it the iron monster almost upon her. Escape Sister Mary A. Leaver, President of the had but faith as a grain ofwe that say to seemed impossible, to remain was certain been had might to written, the was It. Ward grateful Society, ,$th hence" and it wouni death, to jump to the ground beneaui,cer-asisters who had visited the Ward not to that mountain "remove to fear if distarce of thirty or forty feet, equally benefit themseles, but others. Hoped the be done. The Saints had nothing so-- as to keep than death, and to attempt to run ahead and their live would in religion one become they Zion of might Unlike daughters also gain continual increase escape was out of the question. and the faith, the live and useful by knowledge and she.ia said gaining J Jut without laitiitneir power ten thousand young ladies same. the of same.-- " ., to have been youn and hiirulliTT en-- r to nouirht. amount would Chamberlain Needham.l , ' we , 4 . I M. - - i , 4 M. " "': ' e. ties-ofrtl- Kr- 4 . ; w COOL-HEADE- 4. r ---- D light-iieade- d. -- . - 4 i t waraing-:wmstleanuUuj- ' . iff ' at : . , . isfprs Tufts. "lihd KeaverrMaughter-Mrs. Mary A.;Leaver,) bore testimony to the and truth, as revealed iii the Latter-day- who were asked blessings upon the sisters Visiting and instructing them. Mrs. Lona Cross Spencer, President of the Young Ladies Itetrenchment: Association, was thought that the faith of the sisters testistrengthened by their joining their and monies and speaking words of comfort encouragement to each other. Brother Heber C. Kimball used to talk very plainly nbont their manner oi IV HV c?fnri : - v thoundnd-oneieidiiotea- mi SisterPereindaL.- -l lmijall Siiid faint or indulge ui any nonsense ot any Kino, v to be done,' could lift" flmt wjis nocossarv an Instant, and ho done throuLdi faith. If the people lived but realizing the situation in taking the chances all in, she proceeded to faithfully and humbly they should not fail an action that 'saved her life. About thirty in fiii th. but their faith be strengthened below the ends of the ties, and imconstantly. They should exercise faith for inches which supports eacli other and for the Kingdom of God, mediately under thejstringer wide run inches five and if they could but live worthy of faith, themthere. is a joint trestle to such as God was able and willing to bestow ning from one support of thed girl to harm another, and toxthis the upon them, no power would be able for safetjv Stepping to the end of them, but all tilings would worK logeuicr resorted the ties she iwungherself down to this for the good of the Saints. - ease - of Sister Hannah W. Brinton was happy Jo narrow thread with - theapparentand with her arms clasped around coiintenanceTof her sisters beaming the ice sisters the and Kimball sister "She thanked herself at full kpgth along it as itstretehed which and ' bespoke light, with intelligence who came with 'her forjheir good words. believed the train thundered by almost over her. As She minds. and hearts pure Sister Kiniball said the grateful feeling good soon as the engineer saw heractlon he threw any-goft to thing accomplish also impossible was mutual she and 7 he companions ofT his brakes, and putting on steam hurried faith. Without returned thanks as possible, when shexnimblyv Sister Eleanor J. Pratt saw. that there was past as soon Jier to weaken the faith of the Saints, yet, sprang to the track again and pursued much 13 Ward, Salt LakkCitv, believed the women present, if united, journey as though nothing had happened. she 187.. 25th, 7 January 'Titusville (Penn.) IIcrald.,, to avert any evil faith sufficient have could r Dear Editou: Kcndincr vou Israel. aimed be against our that of might a TiTT-r-? report "k W. infenrlPd in nori ninlv ho 110 trrcator felicity said that it Groo required Sarah Sister other usefully Society long ere this, but sickness andemeu. considerable faith to induce her to arise and than to bo able to look bacl$ on a lifetrace our to and Have pro unavoidable hindrances like that and virtuously employed, congregation address airintelligeiit have i inf such tokens" as' sis - in - most- instances, was glad that faith had progress Tiii existence JTy She her. before nor sorrow. lyoen attended by the faithful few, though a subject for consideration excite neither shame Iwi tin nnt mnot with US llUVO been chosen as M s, clear-heade- nast, od - x 