' II (liHillT. fl pll"" mW.- -I I .ni'-- - j ;;frWOKA-X,- 72 WHISTLING GIRLS, ; , : X i rEN' and . PONE NT.- - sqissolls.r;. ' ' JARY If. RARKEII 3L I)., "7 ? ; Old Constitute n Building, Uain Office to think what to write, Street opposite down sit Don't. Office hours 10 a. m. to5 p. m. " Whisti im irirls and crowiiiirJi ens al way but to write what you have.tiiougnt. come to some bad ends;' ' ou t, not w i th stand';vr niouisite to exxxl health.' IfRS. (ARPENTER, ing the old proverb, a writer steps forward go(xl looks, sweet temper, prosperity in to defend thenlHl Pbysician and Surg is in success aiidr life, business general pendent:". '" Office at the Towcsend House, ItooirrNo. "; sleep. "Showine the girl with the hardihood to a Youxc man in the street being charged n ALDEK & CARELESS, whistle in these days, when everything nat he took it from, ural, even to the very hair of your head, is with laziness, was asked ifsaid No. 37, Eat Tcmt)le Strw t, Salt Liko City. the disreat a discount, and I'll show ycu a girl who his father. "1 think not," can be depended uponone wh o will not spectful son, "father has got all the' laziness Agents for the Arion Piano, Mafon & Itamlia Osan fail you in time of need, and will give you he ever had." h St ving ilncliino. and "Wilson Shuttle the true hearty grasp, the cordial handA worthy old lady offers the following Whenever the right All kinds of 3u?ic and Fancy Good.--. jf;i5 shake, the warm, genuine welcome; no tip advice to girls; of the kid glove, and a cold and blush fellow pops the question, don't can brave danger, look oil in the stare at your feet. Just throw your arms YOUR HOMES. race wrtnonr-Mxrii- m pURNISII vhovhrisllejwhocanpi shorty take the and commence talking abouf the furniture". ha theXad i.,3vl3jrit to buy fin I would-a11 world a&sliG; finds itroiih!ahdTOirgedr not a tr first sight eet CHJ. of mpression-rTiiEsubj w iwu Purl or and tagennriragh life us though shewere walk was ueing laiKeu over ai me Sets of furnitu re to cul a u d i ng on eggs and afra i d of crack! ng a si i el ; to was the lady whose, duty it preside, said, wlro d s i ttu bs taneey no she always formed an idea of a person at examine the iramense stock kept by first sight, and generally found it to be A CURE FOR CANCER. correct. "Mamma saul her youngest son, II. DINWOODEY, in a shrill voice, that attracted the attention - The following has been handed in for pub- of all presentr lication: Take a piece of sticking plaster; replied the good mother. "I want to know AtTNolat-inp- l cut a circular hole in the center thereof, a what was your opinion when you first saw South Street. little larger than the cancer, so as to have a me?" The question gave a sudden turn i. small circuiarrim-oFhealtli- y skin next to to the conversation. WALLACE the cancer exposed. Then make a plaster Two men disputing about the word of chloride of zinc, blood root, and wheat Has the best, large t and purest stock of confec the flour. Spread on a piece of muslin of the "either' ' one - saying it was to refer the- matter to tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies aorreed size of the circular opening, and apply to other ' the cancer for twenty-fou- r hours. . After it f the first person they. met, who happened to to purchase. . is rumovfu ic win do lounut tnat the cancer be an Irishman and con founded both by del SALES FOR THIRTY DAYS pU RAND CHEAPNOW will be burnt, and have the. appearance, in claring it's nather, for it's ayther." GOING OX. color and hardness, of an old shoe sole, and 500 Pairs Blanke ts, -- the eireukr rim outside. Cake of the Eyes. Multitudes of men 300 Soldiers' Overcoats, "Cavahy," and parboiled, as if scalded with steam. and women have made their eyes weak for Sold Coats, .'LC0 t aclv 1 ne wound must be dressed. The cancer life f00 Pairs Government Shoes, l.2f p r pair, by the too free use of eyesight; reading 990 Umbrellas, rnrUr'V vill come out a hard lump and the place small print, and doing fine sewing. In 10,000 worth of Hats, atilLh .50 Dozen Pairs California Shoos, slouglis out view of these things, it is well to observe like dead iicsiif andjmainder Lin.-e1,000 yards thtrfollowing ruleiatheusefitlieyes ne.v!lI(iTnstead7 00 Do74?nUiitetGlovciVVArietvv--Thus a perfect cuie is rom pie ted. -- i rr Avoid iilPsuddeirchanges between iightlaiid - 10p. Pp7mHoniemade darkness. Never sleep so that on wakincr I Defy the trade to comp..te Sock?, with inc in j;i h is of SVe have met somewhere the following the eyes shall open on the Jewelry, winof the light soil at prices to"uit customer, Rich condensed system of gardeniiifr for ladies: dow. Do not use the evesiirht bv lisrht so I will j)oitivelj fur days.thirty, orlbor, Make your bed in the morning; sew buttons scant that it H.E.Phelps, an effort to discriminrequiers r on your husband's shirt; do not rake ., Mf up any ate. Never read or sew directly in front of grievances;, protect the young and tender the lierht of the window or door. It is best NEW CLUB RATES. branches of your family; plant a smile of to have the fall obliuuelv from above light ; gc6&4cmpcrun:.4xurfac ere- Too left over shoulder. Hsrht the much root put all -- angry feelings, and thit b lfcUW expect a atesa.glare and pain, and confuses the sight. good crop of hanniness. whir ft on .TnnnttAn Tiie moment you are .sensible, of an effort to part of tho Publisher?, to increaso the circulation of '" V CUIllOt'S fUTI'I'TnTTAY flnm-. Tirr vV x vm distinguish, that moment stop, and talk, the Exponent and aid in promoting tho objects conUlij tions of Life, A curious calculation has walk, or ride. As the sky is blue and the templated in publication, by making it truly an beCll HL'ldo nf llm iirmni.ti'nvi Anrth it wnnlil cnom hn noil nrr of ' the views of the voruen of CJtab, susexponent in different empoymeats during a lifetime. bo of a bluish ting, the carpet green, and tained At the rare of IS. mn;t mnn nn.i iiVnrnn the walls of some mellow tint The moment by them, read by them, and its columtis have spent about 18 years in sleep, 3 instinctively-prompteto rub your enriched with a widely circulute J expression of tbeir yoirare years -in eating and drinking, and 2 years in eyes, that moment cease using therm If thoughts, we oifer the follow'ng terms t. clubs, so as Tn uressinir and wnshinw the eyelids are glued togeter on waking, - do to prepare for increasing the value and importance of precisely half of existence has to bo deducted not forcibly open them, but apply the saliva the paper with the beginning of the Dext volume, xrom the time left available forwork of any witH the finger, and then wash your face which a larger subscription list will enable us to do- kind. Of the remaining half, a literary man with warm water. ; .-- CJ . l . . ' . 1 , , , Lck-Stitc- 1 "how-do-you-do2w- ho -- r d - .... lea-mui- e, Bed-rooi- iu 1 1 I , I. ee-the- r, i-t- . . - r ? - 1 1 T I 1 ters'-Dr-ess -- "o-mn- t a Home-mad- e y, -- J 2 ' . . V- ,.,,. , Vi- nothiL'L'-shalL- n Kj Vj I i-- ! ol-ktl- rl -- d n- 10 geJierallyhavespcnt six years in reading and writing, and a man TAYLOR uiacuve naoits about six also in walking JL ne r0 3Ierrwho-workridriving at !V.tridlwiWinn A L- CUTLER in PnYes of LADIES' P ALL DHKS3 GOO D- SIndu-euuTi- U hour n,l commence.at l2 years old, will have spent Temple street allowing for Sundays about 11 years at lt ly the they lmv. arrived at the IOOKS! BOOKS! PEOPLE IX WANT OF - . . agoin question. nours a (JaV rrom an early . J IO ! Book iy All IiRxcHirs nv T. tWittt I t IIVO IXIlVKmn t...J-- f VtlllC.TlAU mill t .:. Irif f ft than K'tern may enjoy the rtilectlon I l.0RE everything they tll ingrl2xlGinchcf, loung, soiling price, 30 copi $2 60 - . - - rear, with a copy to the getter upo? lbs club, and h superior rrt proof,-steeengraving cf President fcrigham 13 00 2G 00 3100 1 l frumod. scllInT .- . prico $I 43 CO Clubs can be corunifncd at any time; and additions can bo tuade after the firt list of nsmei has oi mortal h,e to those oecuuations. I'inallv I been sent. , nearly all of us who have lived for half a TVWES, VOU ARE INVITED TO CALL Money can lie remitted by rf ghtcred letter at the risk of the publishers.. . ; We hope ladiea throughout the Terriforv, penalneU nieh h.Is up the interstices of ly the Presidents and Secretaries of Keief cieties' ewand.tylishrroo will endeavor to get up clubs, and that they will con- stitutethemselves aj?enU for tho exnsion of. tho occupations; Kcho. First South street, west of Z O. M. I. circulaUon f ttc Kxpokkst. n- -e, , I - nd lg louig, han'Jfoinf-I- v . - .. ! fM-- L. Ladies who devote ihrn, copies, 1 year, with a copy to the g( Iter -. . up of the cl ub. 1 15 copies. 1 year, with a copy to the getter . up of the club copieLy ear, with H,copy U tla gt tlcrJ: up of th c!ub and u frnuicd steel engrnv- - . V r timel.. -- jl 