 r::rri miii 'Mrriw Miiiiimii'i "iniu. ?i jnnwiynr't'iiii . irji wini w ml,'txWMJk':'X h'w'w I'ill.l i in himi ii iiiniMMwirM jj T'w'u wrT'. i ii iiiimw n ijyjgjjiiiuiw .;..iijnm r.iwiiii WOJtAN'H EXPONENT. . 11 j HOUSEHOLD HINTS. withdrawn, aiuL tlje cloth iihmcTsed one making was sufficient to make them J. v hour in the solution, when it is taken out think they were (living in ,thcinillenium. A "mother has no right to- bring up a fend dried in the shade, washed in clean Counselor I31rs. P. Woodruff said there withont excellent subjects. before her daughter wereI ho many teaching, herhow if"'".. ' r K "ll .. .v "WiTif I '.j Know wmcn was uesi. sue tiia noc ness she belie v were? ! - ' ' 1 . '. J 1 ' . - . . !"." 2 . 1 1 JL : - i-- F- Gospelasmuc should watch thpir children ; they would mean mearely how books should be arranged nliairieaspodiisi)f; soda, which should be t inu sugar ami 4UiiYi;risGtLamMieaL is to what Wanted be done. look to mean should We how nature of tho tlie i before closely flour cream They added! flavor wit) i ' uii-to a a 1 the disease, and then having learned to get breakfast; rdinucr,a suppcr; how lemdn'f Itakol in rather quick oven, ui clersta mVW gi ve that wh ieh will prove to make a bed j ho w to sweep a room p how making ' cake, 01153 iieedsto use- - hervnl effectual in curing. The subject which wis to o a thousand and one different things j udgnicnt in regard to the quantity offlour before the meeting, was one which concerned which are requisite to keep thome in order, needed, 11s more is required if Spring wheat plc&sa"riK--- A every personal t;was a great blessing which I andX to 'person who floury is used t ban for ,AYi nt e?rwl;eat.. One their Heavenly Fath lean easily tleterininaltholaiinof "flour enhiux-UIUecausetoeinpbydoetorl-Oji noil know., ho W-io4ia- douewell.urNo heededTBy Tlrying" veIt instruction. Thcv should treasure un all number of servants make up for the want of that was instructive;; not? hyl'thomuUi --of words to do general house- - work. She t3nift!cli't ployed thar'rl thev were sl6ke dorwas toWttsirt hirmipper Counselor MrsftEl 116 warUlutr slie ..' ; -giri: siK)kGii-,but-.by !rulyrsaith '''' V; V ';' oven.,.' J', ; , l!:itZ13iJLXlJmTrria. of?;Ji til ; of equal length, and fasten jhemjserely:at as the corners in a square frame, as large . ut i .. j t i you wisu ine imy 10 oe. lriye lae-itthis at tlmeariiers, and ina!! sidt, one: and 1 1 1 1 ; ; - : ; t ; 1 1 -- . .1 1 . that"afternoou was excellently Sheidnottattd-w- i thou tspjiplA gentlemaii sentlionio one esr a part r Thcn-isteu- r approve of sending .lor. .doctor! u n.lessirfeFd "arrosstfrrg tybf end of a ball of white wool, mi one of the steaksr rAVhcriliesatUowii tackS , was.sonieth i ng very serious lf:the3Vord cutiorter-hous- e next the corner, cairy totthe neconf to dinner he learned thatt thenowcpok Jiatt ;eWxsreS the orKdesito iLndlbS ' ' rbasfed the sfo;iks! Vif mniiv. a lM:irdin-t wtnlfl ! .IniuuH leaving three threads in a plaec;Tcarry ; to V) next: proceedistbefbrcr iili your: which might make either of these in istakes. No frametackrand: sister. Home and the Is filled.; Then turn it aiid cross the he hiidgi veil werej good j had had mucli ne woman l n a thousand iknpws ho to wiirpn- - thusfiiade-at- - righ t angles inthe sickness to contend with and knew the pre- - make bread as lt'canbo niade, ! And sour same anil way; then turn yourifraine-agaidyspeiiiu-withri- ts inr ho been which triven had st'rintions tempers,, 'to scoldings, ' ' . ' . . . . .. 1: 1L: ! i '" t e wind Mho; wool fJtcornerwlse,! excuse the ,l.....";i..l.t- worrur,r aim ueam ueacnuauiu. tcniiU'-useii :WQrd-r-- d iyid snouia genuine, rney nto eyeii gtiaratneir ing31 woum"turn them rcil, and say nothing that triangles-tur- n llir frame again so as to from the plan lof salvation. She prayed the Mothers, what ever else you can teach your cross the last at right angles. Fasten and ct tneni cut Lordao bless all efforts to do good. uauguiers, ux) not r white wool, and with a yarn .' So Mrs. W; East could concur with all that had mall the mysteries of needle, and red wool, fasten all comers nali the in them bus a book good had of you put If waybf. bcerispoken. they recipes Av here all courses crossr leaving several ends -for sickness, from; the sisters, she would not bands and happy homes. Exchangel at alt the outside crossings. Cut the wool for-amedical work. Since exchange-it Maroon Colors 6n Wool. Kenewixg from the tacks. Trim the edges even, leavshe, had beconie a fatter-day- Saint,IsheUia(ilAVli C ing the ends as little tassels, and you have "always gone to the good .Doctor, which was rinse thoroughly in clean water: thus you a perfect gem of a tidy. r should counGod. in mind a the have even although-youcolor,' keep They beautiful, sel of President Young, which was to use goods I may' have been' much'fivded and FASTS AND FIG UHES. inild herbs and the ordinances of God. She stained. Though the color thus obtained would recommend, for a burn, the application may not be the exact shade as when-new,it Many of the skilled workmen of Paris are of a cloth three or four thicknesses wet writh is, however, a very pretty one. The above still emigrating. cold waterT with rlN"Wsalo6ri fight at Oconto, Wis., a man . air get to the burned flesh. 'For erysipelas' goodsof a. maroon' 'color.'-5"-- ' Tl?Ty was stabbed t wen ty four times. anecxeu a or to ciom tnree ine pans appiy Cociiineai, CoLORiNG.Cochineal, alum. Euzerne county, Pa., has a twenty-mil- ei uiiusiurcxiiuiAeu wuu cream tartar, curb.- - potassa, each three lionaire wui uuuMit-sin the person of Ario Pardee. cold water; mix saleratus arid cider vinegar wafer, eight; ounces; sugarpsir drams; and drink. The Waukegan Gazette" reports a colt ounces. Hub cream alum the and cochineal, ' Counselor Mrs. S. M. Kiniball continued tirtar with ounces of boUing water, one year old which measures H hands. eight her lecture on health. Mrs. Hampton and and, when cold, Tiik United Presbyterians, of Grea- tadd carb. potassa, Mrs. Whitney made .excellent -- remarks. an(i strain; pour gradually water on the strainer: suffix Britain, have raised $ 10,000 for m issions in Counselor Z; D. Young recommeiided for clmt to measure eighth fluid ouhccs,theri Japan.. j . measles that were- obstinate, to drink the iiriri.'tim cnMr ...c klULLlLl On the 0 tl i of ,Miiy, ai llawlcy, Mass. , .a I i tea of wheat. . tJ.' i road liad to be dug throughnow-four-fe- et .1 e i ' .. :::: di bag, pour on it deep. : :r:l lUng dry com paUed on the cob pour boU- , to h; eno w moisten iter a j,.,, it; A Louisville man has invented just gun 000 will in shoot a time he claims A' which ' ilvmir Airnr" flnnl'i! on1 hovo ltrf Itvinlru ..'. . . it on ail nigiit, and in the morning the. stye minute.' , .wnw diied,in cou Two more colored cadets have been and put around body : lor mflamaUons sure to remove it. ' : to West Point and Annapolis, . apply corn. meal mush poultices, , with .a :rRicCiiEES-CAKrcSpectivelyv7""--;ff;iii flst. little mustard in it. For children ; . mace some. cream and ;with of ""Ive rue tea. einnaipon, Chief Justice Chase willed $10,000 to t conUnuel iiextj Uirtmouth College, and- $10,000 to Wilber- 01 grouuu rice, mix. ineni veu, auu force TTni meeting. ' Meeting adjourned for two pounu boil' versify, Ohio. care tho it to.stir 'cream, iaking' again weeks.1 Singing, Lord dismiss us, etc. French iapers are discussing Several, froin sesscl hc the llemove continually, Benediction by Mrs. Watmough. he question of drowning capital prisoners fire, and beat up two dozen, eggs in it. instead !M. M. Groo Secretary. of hanging them. Again make it boil, continuing to stir it, Tlbe.over 20,000 w'hi to until it becomes thick like curdrsweeten it uTiiere Amen- FJiilij Straus recently lost $75,000 by an(i add half a pound of blanched almonds me;i in Kentucky, all native-Ixr- n stock operations in New York, and settled beaten up with sugar into powder. , cans, avIio can neither read nor wrne. . 11 11 ill .1.. of the cigar makers of To JiAKir Wateh-Proo- f Cloth out of EiGHTV-thre- c Miss.. Jolm!Mu.zey of Portland, who" thick ducking, tho following French recipe Keokuk have presented the revenue cold cane. lately contributed live hundred, dollars to is given: Take tw) pounds four ounces of cctor with a the funds of the Marine Society of New alum, and disolve in ten gallons of water. a FiiOiii'nA woman has made o00, this Burypoit, has again given, two hundred In like manner disolve the same quantity of year, by preserving the fruit of some twenty dollars to the Howard Benevolent Society, sugar of lead in a Similar quantity of water, guava ousiies. ny tiout juuiu ui and (wo hundred to the Society for the and mix the two together. 'J They form a invalids who populate r Ionda pay expenses ; : .. precipitate of lead. The clear liquor is now his way. ... ' llelief of Aged Women. one-fburth-in- ch -- . 1' n " . - I - j negiect-io-instru- ; off-you- house-keeping- i 5 ny theod t , ' s - : ; ..-..- - . - 1 1 ''ljt i.. : :.'..- -- r- - . , . " , :. . . i : . ; nter : - - : ; ; - - ap-loint- ed ; . E """I V-'- f.vy: ' ; 'nmieulyectto - . . are-Suid-,t- o : ..'. ! . . 1 1 A I gold-heade- . . 1 