but simply arrayed, and we doubt whether in clear changed every ateiy which' must any lauies ever, excited; iliofc admiration1. few miiuites; till the yejjow part' becomes So also the noble old Roman matrons, who The hist flower my Carrie gathered. perfectly white. By following these direcsuperb forms were gazed on delightedly tions it is scarcely possible to fail, and little Like the fall flowers; nipped bv f??sM September, so my Carrie faded and m ilieu wormy or them, were alwjivs vprv practice will inake perfect. plamiydresed."Geor died. When clearing the room the day after her burial, I picked up: some faded most! who are incnmhlA nf h MISCELLANEOUS, vy uress woum tld well td cdnsiddiHliat: f hn flowers; but when contrast between them and their clothes them out, I Haiiscidaik said T mmf Tiikiik is a whole sermon in tlitf &ivin ttf turns out much to their disadvantage. It the bid Tertian. these away, they are the last flowers "In all thy quarrels lea vo I have. sometimes wxnu y"ereu 1 have them yt. AmimyT is onfv this account nbsArvd v door the of reconciliation." open . rr is fr. haVe often thought, what n hP.mHf.,1 fhn, some nooiemen, oi immense .piwiure, till religious orders in Guatemala liave for a poet! fortune, to dress exceeding plain. "Shen-stone.- " v. jtreeiT suppressed and their property' has been A few hours before she breathed her last she seemed to be in a vision, and s long as there are cold and nakcdnos devoted to instruction at San Juan, Dei calling Norte. me to her bedside said, "Ma; I am going in the land around your so lone1 can thorn 1p home." When- I burst into tears ami sail no question at all but that splendor of dress SurelY one of the bet rules in con Versa- Oh t( sav wliiclr anv rf lo not : lea Ve --rrne e ioolc her is a crimeU: in due time, when we have tioni is never ."JO..., " V. n thini?'?hamlkereniei andiwipedithe teiiiom-m- v e to work at, it ihejcQmpaiiyicanzrea?onaIly teopl cheeks, and laid her lifflo. be to may - right lerthenVmaH lScind cut rattier ielt A Siikewd old gentleman once said In uporony iace, saying. "Is ih&Jinu vnii fnni f jewels: but asIonir::as thon ii tw wii about it? i'""'" vntr te"f?iyo:-Tirure.Jile dear ,iave 110 blankets for their beds, and no Tags his fulfil lii'lgii dear, ::r::-for .Jghl mother!" their bodies,' so lone" it, is hl.inkot.mnifrTfr never. marry aVpoor mau J)ut Ilia poorest -- r . v x 1TTXTrrL lino ViYYni' i2 y nen 'i 'I mnn in fha L the-ear- ly ; ; , r inhaet, brewing ti,,t -- v - !sh , - I wahdre wslie" 7 herspttml-g- a - v v, , k, 1 - 11V1 VA . ' i I RukiihlL vcpe?telrt hepart- - MxMiMi ' ing,kiss..iler only.isisier.wa.r.alent nt the time; Kverv unsaidSwiftMssssi - - "7- ot . youny . fa -- Jttetoe - ther-and-br- . " II VI 11 ' rr tt i i Tt I " fX Tim st . - 1 he gs -- 7 i-..i -- x tii,.- W LI ti. "?r I Avoid 'mgularifrlier Iesrvanltv in Wk sacrifice to dress lill household JtL nHA-fh- of ,a..f nothing else." Sd witty a cViUiiTlfnienTi; rarel'v' fna(ie"aT tluiCTiJyjdneEniitK t T X"c" And Diaz tells in "Our Young Foi ks" a . . . v lortrive- me inr pvprv' 01 iwo, twins, who looked so cumi,ai fclory unkind word rPnh.,roo "Oh! bleas t.i I 111. tr II UIJI Ml I1IIL mmfllitp T,nf iel1 was wIlich and which Johnny, Jimmy of-tAlthough the Iheart-strinfriends nndnr.ni!ori th.m uH.A n a J wno are left to mourn, snnm fr, Kn , TT: . "vJ IIUS IS Hie aCCOUnt nl nno assunder by therpartinsr which death hrins. me J immy Johns were little ihnm .t . , ;; ' kvays:" When thi" illst .inning to walk, Se flnfe and mire. asVwnsmv were they constantly falling down, tipping W. E. over in their cradle or bumping their heads together: and Mrs. Plummer found that the best way to stop the crying, at such WISE WORDS OF GREAT MEN. times, was to turn to kissing. The reason is Evkrv generation laughs at the old fashvery plain. In crying, the .ihouth flies open; in kissing, it shuts. Mrs. Plummer ions, but follows religiously the new. was a wonderful woman. reau " he found out a.wrrii br . ' , wuui l orreciion inrir win evergi ven her, burst upon my mind. yj itMjT . pretty kissing, plan, and at the first sound o ' " " TtZi" others necks, and ?.nt the'r..arm' ""! " and comforts cease. Dress drains o, onr .arder ,ea,-Co- wpe, dryland keeps aviII you be missionaries? We laugh to see them in the midst of a cryin uiic-iu- u iu luauii your epei run towards each other, their cheeks nmaiufc juu vunuicu iiicn uui.v , aim nisiciiu ui ruuics still wet witJi tears, and to see their poor aighe and 3lrs. Cutfe:A!i, there you are the cufl that every one Would like to wear, and the tie that no one would lo.e." Ifow will we settle the labor question'i exclaimed a member of the Georgia Legis all of his speech. lature, in the midst Uy v rv... .... 'VoUr 'living uwiiv, auu carniiiL'' i u nd an I" th rre ered verent honestl3' spec ta tor in the gallery. TiiEiiE have been many definitions of a gentleman, but tlie)rettiest and most pathetic is that given-b- y a young lady, who says gentleman is la human being combining a woman' tenderness with a man's courage. A max, after waltzing six times with one lady at a ball, was asked If he was fond of dancing.- - "Oh, no,'-- ' replied the'ryouth,.r(l. doii't care for it, luit 1113" doctor advised me" to take a sweat, and this is cheaper than a Turkish bath." AT a recent Connecticut wedding, in repeating the avoids, "If you know of any just cause, etc., the minister looked straight at a nervous young nian directly 1 front of him. The fellow sprang up with much haste and trepidation, and blurted out: t Oh ii o, bl ess m e f n o 1 1 h e i gh t est ol j ecI sv.... iJC1 to-d- ay 11 mem iu ictuuuxiiivUMU, miuin uiu iiuuu, urigiiam j tip into a kiss! tion,' sir." xoung." He who has not learned the lesson of Be neither too early in the fashion; nor LEAF PHOTOGRAPH. p resolute too long out of it, nor too precisely in it; has made little progress I a nrcttv fa A verv has what custom hath r!r. - - - pivilfzpri - amnspmpnt student, psiwlnllv grown little towards real. iw'wwffnr yvM4 vi mannood. who those the have Half world refuse? to do its cent, Jill then ridiculous; where the eye is just completed the study of wit? : uuviug ui iuai piioiognipns. own thinking, to toil through the solution iii,y uppartj is iiiu eyjucuce..- - I wiaiij, jui, One very simple process is this: At any of its own knotty problems, hence half the . "Quarles." world who will not do this must be subject The person whose clothes are extremely druggist's get a dime's worth of bichromate to the other Jhalf who will. ' They who do e t bottle to consider as not hcinr of potash. Put this in a fine I am When the solution be he thinking will either directly or indi possessed of any superiority of fortune but of soft wtiter; comes saturated (that is, the water has rectly do thergoverning. resembling those Indians who are found to disolved as much as it wilh pour out some wear all the gold they have in the world in of the clear liquid into a shallow dish;, on a bob at the nose. "Goldsmith.'' "One of the most interesting features ot a float of this writing paper, the Granges" (of the Patrons of Husbandry, 3Ien of quality never appear more amia- - till it is piece ordinary and thoroughly evenly moistened, the new Order , founded bv the Western ble than when their dress is plain, .Their m become Let it the dark. It f farmers to oppo-- e the e n eroae h m en t sf o f ra i dry,-I nearly birth, rank, titlp. nnd its nnnAnrlno'ns nr nt ShOUld be a On this put the road monox)ly), says Coleman'sllu nil orld, bright yellOW. hPQt InWrlfAn. nnrl n. ihn,L n a leaf: it of under black soft piece O. doth. "is that not a single onecan be organized n;r.4nn r'.,.r, sheets and several of Put these without the companionship of the ladies. newspaper advantage ot it, they make their superiority s Uv?Viece pieces sit more same should be of the and with size), .''' llWln a . ; 1, . I 17 r. TTmW spring 1.1.1 - Two girls iii New lied ford, luovvx infill tillras.sachiisetts, llli:i. nvn.'i"cj formity lose much by gaudy attire. Lysander pose to a bright sun, placing the leaf so that aged twelve and" fourteen, who lost their knew this was in part true, and refused the the rays will fall upon it a nearly perpen-jric- h father some months ago, have, since- hi - dicuIar the that profDionysino tyrant ts possible. In a few minutes it will death, taken the entire care of a horse, livo eredigarments to his daughters, saying, 'that they were begin to turn brown; but it requires from cowh and n great flock of hens; done all of fit only to make unhappy faces more remark- - hoif on " iiuuu ivj ui iuuiru ii the odd "chores" about the house, attended i'ui iomi,ii M,, iiiru ii ufcoino uarK public school, and in their leisure moments In Athens the ladies were not gaudily, MTCucvtiiuui. enough, take.it from the frame and put it j taken lessons on the piano. iiutJ tO Shut 1 1 : . , self-hel- - hw-nm- n w - X V y .iuo two-ounc- too-an- ; . 1 easy.-i"Shensto- 1 ne." 1 of.f - ( ! 