W 0 M A N'S EXP ONE N T, It was surprising to see OF MISS SNOW. accomplished. sheets of solid iron, several inches in thick-nescut like cheese. We visited the Brussels,' Bkwjium, said to n December 9th, 1872. King's Palace which has a t Six weeks and two days have elapsed be. the best in Europe it is one hundred since I left the "City of the Saints." In that feet high, one hundred and twenty long and time I have journeyed to New York crossed sixty in breadth. iThe cemetery is very neat instead of raised or erect stones, the the Atlantic spent two days in Liverpool thence to London stopped nine days in that graves are covered with beautifully polished mammoth city of world-widinterest, and granite slabs laid prostrate some of them ornawithal, so unsystematieally planned, that very expensively and elaborately . "When asked horl liked London, Iin variably mented, to went From Amsterdam we Antwerp, replied that, were I to shape it to my liking, valises and our trunks I should, in the first place take it to pieces where we submitted and straighten out its streets. It is impos- to the respectful examination of King sible to describe them in curves, semicirles, Leopold's officers of customs: Yisited the diagonals and a few in straight lines, but great Cathedral of Antwerpexamined most of these are bo abruptly intersected, some of Rubens' celebrated paintings onethat when you turn your eyes to look in the in particular which is considered his masterdistance, the focus of sightlis brought to a niece., entitled "Tiie Descent from the CORRESPONDENCE sj , 3 ." ball-roo- m - e . CROssr?i-Wlso.Tisite- slEMelFs thaChurchj jaf d of art, in which the powers of genius and im agination were enshrined, without being inspired with an inclination to imitate the artist's skill. And I never- listened to the harmonious sounds of music, either vocal or instrumental, without being impressed with a desire to try, and- - a feeling that I might make, like melody. But I have lost time in that I did not begin at an earlier age to improve in these things. : As I before stated, I did not "think" until lately. I know that it is never too late to undertake the study of any art which one imay be inclined to learn. What if we have let time and chances slip by lis, &des not 4ime still exist holding $ut to us brilliant opportunities for acquiring wisdom? This I know: with many people much is lost and nothing gained by brooding in vain regre ts over "what might have been had I known then what I know now! have :leaedjbjjierj ence tnat some courses are unwise, we may besrinatKnce to do better: and if onnortuni- ties. for self improvement have ; fled wi thou t being employed, wo can, if wo will, create others, if not as good, at least the best wo can; and live in the present and for the futu weary and sorrowful over sad reflections of the past. It is want of thought that keeps us from gainings many-gran- d achievements which might otherwise bring, most happy results. When we begin to "think" there is little danger of our stopping there. We may faucy some thing? which are of little moment and never amount la any thingi)U t2 If we really and rationally begin to "think," it will not be long, ere we commeiice to make some sort of beginnings which will amount to something more than merely to have it said, we have lived and died. Allow me to say that I think the. "Exponent," at its beginning made a very fair debut," that it has improved extraordinarily since its first appearance, and has gained my heartfelt interest, and hopes for it a long, bright and useful career.. Woman. ' - mj-se- lf . . , -- g--Jf-- we a St. Jaques," which contains Jhe tomb of grajHmetropolis, wjiere, after you zliave IlubensTPYeTvhiclris seen very much, you realize tnatj compara- into which he haa introduced a representafather and tively, vou have seen but little. So l felt tion of himself, his two wivesliis when leaving on the! evening of November his son; From Antwerp avc came to Brus3Gthr-w- c sels, where we arrived on th e 7th. Totook ibs . at our. hotel, .. "Cook's Boarding morrow we anticipate an omnibus ride to the field of tlio "battle of Waterloo," and House,"" opposite the British Meseum, then the railroad train to Harwich where w the next day we go to Paris. took steamer and crossed the German ocean "With the exception of a little sea sickness rfived:inTltotterdamr in the afternoon) an&jLjcoId, taken: onlemerging recess "across tlieoceanTitiy Tionomhpr i t nfter dinimr on board ana steam-boluivino- our. effects very; politely examined health has been excellent, and, thus far, I W tho fimtnm House oflicer in the service have enjoyed the tour much beyond my. of King William, while anchored in th U AjUC lil uus. v imic Iv ct-- chjuj u.o luunet, and whatever good may accomplish, is '4'"A Maes. Rotterdam is a beautiful city one o attributable to the financiering and philan-throph- y of my beloved sisters, the noble many and large industries. It is alive with of canals, the smaller ones ladies of Utah. This, wherever I am, is to used for individual purposes, instead o present with me. I wish be remembered to tAfl'ms ntid wagons; the larger ones for ex to them all in love, with a double portion In everv part of the those dear young ladles who are honoring fitv. sbins are either anchored or afloat giv that most important position, ."Young Ladies a navy Retrenchment Onranization." They are ing the whole town the appearance ofhere heart's earnest by often in my thoughts, with hiy I was very much interested vard. I Clara Little is God bless them the way of "sight seeing" was snown me aresoonser companionable-girl and I am very house once the dwelling of the celebrated good, : 7 r" Jirnii7P.. statue of him, in much at home with our party. For the ExpaitFST Eliza it. snow standing position, on an elevated pedestal, HOME MISSIONARIES. nted portion of the city. BEGINNINGS. On the evening of the 3rd we went to the Not long since, being in company with TTiiVriifl visited the Queen's palace, entiuea several ladies and gentlemen, where the the "House Of the Woods," situated one and Dear Exponent: to illus I wish In addressing you subject of home missionaries was introduced, ps from the town, in a beautiful a rivr in if is through raneres of trate as clearly as, possible, my own position I was led to admiro and rfleect somewhat ir . chosen pdnr aremark: which was madeby arr fifnpiv forest trees. We were shown through in connection with the heading I have little 'articld.wJtiSwell known that elderly lady "a mother in Israek" She -- the lovely dwellings: and invited-t- inscribe juucu whatever be" the obiect of our study, the saidp'I have beena home missionary r and nearlyJbrty-year-s, to our regret, her Majesty happened to be in naturef thmirid is such thatprogress-i- n of knowledge is ever gradual; in Israel is a home' missionary, who pronerlv town at the time. From the. Hague we went the acquisition must Ele- - fills her calling." I considered the sentence be a beerinninc to Amsterdam, stopping by the way at Haar-- d nnd that there of ; being recorded : heard the world renowned mentarv subjects and explanations are first a just one, and worthy con- - wanted in the pursuit of knowledge of any more especially wrhen we contemplate the organ in the "Old Church o Bavon," uiuu-san- d kind: for we first take a general view of the saving: of the Lord, Book of Doctrine and taining five thousand meuu uuuadmired its subject to be studied, without entering into Covenants, page 191, section 43, latter, part wooden pipes. I much the details and minutiae of its extent and of paragraph 4 and fore part of paragraplr tones, especially whe it most magnificently "ormation. We must first comprehend what : "Ana n Jt so - do tnat you labor In its tower, I imitated a thunder-storof one a subject is before we can learn to analyze all vour days in crying repente nee1 unto penciled my name on an elevation in any of the laws and sciences this people, and bring save It be one soul hundred and fifty steps; where I obtained a it; and then unto me, how great shall bo your joy with "fineATewof the town and its surroundings, of human or divine nature,a where analysis e r J And"" of h1 inTinl hnngdonTT5rTny-Fat- h sl thoroughly understood, "Old knowledge at the we quartered Amsterdam In be readily attained. ItJs now, if your joy will be great with one soul Bible Hotel," where a large Bible is sta- lynthesif may I first began to hat you have brought unto me. into the tioned in an open position directly above the but a short time since be though-muc"think." This may seem a curious state Kindonuof my Father, how great-wilpublic entrance. This city," the same ment, but it is true: I have always talked yourjoy if you shall bring many souls unto larger, exhibits, in some respects, there has been no genuine me!" Now, if the joy of an Elder wilj be so characteristics as those of Rotterdam and the considerably,inbut all I have said. To really great over those who have, through his In-so far as shipthought" that more is, so, only Hague, made here. think," as I now understand' the term, re- - iuence been brought into the Kingdom of ping is concerned. Ships are exertion, is maeeci, a lasu oi wnicn- our Father, shall not a mothcr'tf joy far In company with President G. A. Smith and quires have no realiz- exceed, when she enters into the Kingdom nnrtv T went all through a monstrously large he young, in many instances, i. vini in ftifi T)ntch incr sense I never read a good article in my of ou r Father at the head of her posterity, of Amsterdam; life without feeling atthe time, that to have whom she has brought forth, and led by or 4L- launched, achieved the author's success, not thinking precept and example along with her! More anon. find where we saw the ponderous machinery . E. M. workor at work- with which the manufacture is never saw a beautiful picture, other I crepaneieWi W - ; -- Jory at . - J. 11 ininfnl1 . .,iuntry . to-da- y. -- for-thi- s e ; Lthink-avjeryjnotli- er iu i ; m. -- . l h ". - 5 - ;uxrnain, 