AV O M 2 K X V O N i: N S T. PARENTS AND CHILDREN. nine words, "The more you know the more you can perform.". .....The London School Many good ami scasjmabh1 ideas wm Board, composed of men and women dis.social at thcisabbath School Teacher's Coiir A woman's rights paper is published at tinguished in physical ar well as to compel the vention, held In thin city on the evening of the is Venice, Italyi:....A:lmanat GoldJIi 11, Ne- science, now using its power at school. ...The eharae 7t!i inst. One of the, most impressive facts o vada, fell on the railway track and had his attendance fchiklren teristic'cleinlmT of modern science is the specified, was the inconsistency of parents legs run over by six cars, the other day, and still lived for a short tmie.... ..The shooting qualitative element, "how much" instead of pursuing one course anil endeavoring to tench of a paper wad from a gun, was the origin "how well" can be done, and too little care their children to walk in the opposite direction. of a lire that burned up fifty acres of wheat is., taken in the accomplishment' of almost It was adduced that where a family of children for a former in Cali fornia ..... .Pikes Peak is anything that is performed.. -- ..L P. Quiney were known not to attend Sabbath School, says "doubt any one's good sense -- who searching into the cause, almost invariably " 11,407 feet above the level of the sea. .... .. .The Gunners in some portions of the country speaks scornfully, of newspapers... brought to light the truth of the nonattend-- 1 counted are German fire among for now use pure kerosene cleaning their anee of their parents at the church meetings. kill edat the most industrious and economical citizens was siiaice lately arms..;.A,j,attIe ,,: Jt is it jiuestiou if there a re many wti I : jioi of American the of gmeasu which StrLouisTThe capital oalifcrhia; j). meaning parehts, who fail to consider thtl inches in; circumference- and had: eighteen Financial Corporation is limited to $ 1 of their, children's receiving a proper New York papef thinks that as a nittlcs on its taiL. understanding and forming habits of observiwg present year is famous for its frequent me- cheap advertising dodge, the postal c.mli the Sabbath day. But if parents do not enjoy Bishop Ville, of teors... ..Massachusetts lias one hundred and have' become a nuisance the spirit of the religion they profess, to a forty thousand dollars invested in railroads. Parma, Italy, has forbidden the reading of J sufficient degree to enable 'them tappreciate' V Twelve small planets have been dis liberal newspapers In his jurisdiction.-:- ., covered si nee th e Jbegi n n ing of la s t year. Jimersarradvto of their the Sabbath of the Lord,' according as lie n that is irenerallv the natural hav-da- v to to from Nasliville is run A .1 happiness.. ., . .Chief Justice Chase is said hats commanded, it is- but folly for them to Pulaskinneseeioinmencingi-egulaes- - seek to n impress upon the ininds of their trips in October next..,. ..A new telegraph to have had a. perfect mastery . of Shak i nstrament is in operation , with the Western pear. Milton and the earlier British poets. that which thev themselves do not feel. is -.v. Union Telegraph Company., .....Hampton; v.;. ..Bogus Charley the Modocrwarrior:; t hail noMelise for pa rent s to expei-It is a tecnical for about of an institution only has twenty years age, slender, their irtsprihgto regard ;i principle they coli- -' Virginia, r j man.. ...L E. temu or do iiot pract ice. ; 1 1 would be well if who are colored students where athletic, intelligent young education, u nable to bear tli e whol e of their expenses Crittenden' delivered the address at the parents visited ili Sabbath rschools ofteii and are furnished employment, and thus given inauguration or the statue Allen, manifested the same interest in them that most the means of helping themselves. ..A hew on the 4th of July...... A pretty compliment of them would.be pleased to see their children, ' design for a steel locomotive lxiler has been to a lady is now: considered thus, 'a lmost eviiice. AncU Jf fiithers and niotherH, amohg made at the works of the London and .North- amiable lady wort hy to be the, ma id en r a u fit' Latter-da- y tiie Saints would have their-sbr: western Itailyayr. . .One of the first mow- - of the whole human race.'? aitd daughters pure in beart and wise in imtl in ever invented in America JvasJiie-Bailin 1 S22 It is said that the derstamlliigFlbem walk eiixjunispeclly iii THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT adtince, thinking pure thoughts and living most raiiohai way ofiriaking steer Is to pure, lives. remove carbon from iron; but awag reckons Kven plurality; which is by many, thought "steal" might be more easily made by L. GREENE BICHASDS, EDITOR. to be the most difficult of all God's reveiiled removing silver from a safe, provided the a ge h t was qu it e sa fe" himsei f. lu ue uuuerstuuu a,u "Lippin- - Publi,h(klSemi-.Uonthlin Salt Uko City, Utah., Term.:jlu One Ten emerone of counterfeit for su a considerate father and just courseof aepietl,J.ituie; copy copy, copies wonthji. June, speaks cott," for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, eight righteous alds which it , is utterly impossible to line:) of nonpareil Mace, one time, S2: ucr month. s"L and mother and agreeable rendered 9eal Trom the the aid by distinguish gem, beauti- SLaKuattOT of the eye alone.... ..Gainsboro' in Jackson Address all biuincAJ communications to ful point of doctrine. v Publthers Woman's Exi'oxKXT, math- County, Tennessee, has a .: .Suit Luka City, Utah. r To instill into the minds of the young, the ematieal prodigy, who makes astonishing principle of payiug tithing, was also brought disclosures as to his ability as a natural into careful consideration during the evening of SALT LAKE CITY, July 15, 1873. calculator. Another Horace Greeley, or the Convention. And what principle-- is there, is like......George Ripley something reported to the Gospel of Christ, which ento have won himself the lutmc of being the TEllRITORIAL XOItMAL INSTITUTE. pertaining sures happiness to young a nil old, more than best book critic in this country.. .England, tlils which is calculated to remove from last year, recorded the marriage of eleven The happy idea of. taking advantage of the the-- one, summer "vacation," which occurs yearly thoughts and feelings all selfishness? As gropnis over eighty years of age; it looks as long the months of July and August, to im- soon as ehildreii are old enough to understand, though old England was beginnig to renew during her age...... New York is agitating the im- - provise a Normal School or Institute seems to us tbis law Hhouldbe taught them, and with this e weighs much more Irtance of preparing peat and similar to he fraught with great good to our educationa txh with all than ctisinterests. There is no direction in which labor precept. , products for fuel......Louisaina iT still " "turbcu-- over" rncr t "THE BEST PHYSICIAN." There is to Ix? seen in the pavilion of the geously to the rising generation than in teach- ' float: of a at our Vienna, Ministry Agriculture, young and inexperienced teachers how ing oO pounds A cannon ball to weighing ing; Sobriety and temperance go farther towards preside and direct in the sehool room. , man in Tennessee gives directions for spirit When we reflect that Utah has hud to use in preserving health of mind. and body, and help-which in he on a slate, says the the sehool room as teachers, many whose writings, iug people to live long upou the earth, than all , n Hm of course must be da rk spirits won't for a thorough education other prescriptions put together. The quality write otherwise: this is that your spectators have been veryaeiuiring limited indeed, we hail the and (juaiitity 6f food and drink taken into the to watch too not have you opiMrtunity may inauguration of the Institute with much stomach has much influence over the mind aud as wnne wrue you yqu piease closely and only wish that our circum-stane- senses. " It should be a leading rule in regard to gratification, have made a of Berlin weavers strike The were Kueh a to allow- - us diet, never to oveiioa(l tbe stomach.- - A nialr for higherNvag of food can be better digested than a one half the work required to make a, good of sending a portion. of time daily in attend- portion large jM)rtion which injures the coats of the actor would make a rich man in any other ance' AVe are pleasel to learn that forty-eigstomach, and prevents t bei it -- froni exerting profession...... The mysteries of the death of (Captain Hall, the arctic explorerr4irc to be pupil teachers are in attendance from Salt Lake their force. There can be no fixed standard, examined into ."by Secretary Robeson.....;... County, with a few from "Weber, Sanpete, Juab, as a rule for what shall be eaten; for the organA great scandal in high life is being brought Morgan and Beaver counties; total seventy-eigh- t. ized system as well a.s taste, differs so greatly rJ in individuals. One may ea t freely of a certain . to.liglit in the New York Walworth murder We learn" i ncidentally that the Superinten- kind of food, and realize only good results case.-- . Street, St. Giles, London, mce had a sign composed of a paintlng.bf ii dent of Schols,.h;is shouldered theiiurden of while partaking of a like substance might prove, woman without a head and the inscription engaging Dr. Park, Miss M. E. Cook, Prt)fessors very injurious to ' another. Obsenation and "The (loodAVoman," condensing in a small Maeserand Dusenberry to conduct the Iiisti- - self study 'niustdeterhiine the kinds of food best space the opinions of some men who con- Hire, ami in this matter it is to be hoped, suited to different persons, in all seasons of 1 he sider themselves great ones-..writer liis eflorts will Ik.' sustnineil. tiiiaiiciallv. thatU'Mr Tho nVil nioof nf. ,H.,tin.r j,i,r..nf i... .. iiimiii liwi IfKJ ..j.. vimiq uniniarizes the history of civilisation in he satisfactioirin liave labors. his niay exclusively to satisfy the appetite. The sensa- ' SPLINTERS. ml-vane- ; ed .-- - ' , I Jm-portanc- e1 ,000,-OOa..V- A - . . steam-wago- - V t - ' V - - . chil-ore- vv7 1 c , of-Et- , : K . A han . ns , : yt - ? ; - . y. e ye4u-T42n- co-worke- , rs, ; ) six-year-o- ld j j : ' 1 ; I others--exampl- J i es -- thx-pieas- my j ht ' .-- Braid j ; ..1- 7; 