'i V - WOMAN'S POX EX NT. K 1 Smith, E. R. Snow, Elizabeth Iftriow, (Frosty of the It. at Bountiful,)M P. .Young, Agnes- Douglas, (of Payson,) E. Howard, P. WopdruiiYand a number ' of others. Meeting adjourned for tw6 .weeks; dismissed with singing, and prayer by Mrs. M. K. Thompson, .7' r M.GK607 Maggie Secretary; , worth'. " ;'--r"-y ; ; September 18th, 1873. ; EDITOR EXPONENT gAi The Society here ; : ; T ; ? n r islrying to keep up with . the times. Quite a number of the sisters from this place, were at Kichmond to hear Miss E. It. Snow and yourself, and I assure you we thought ourselves highly paid for our trip down there, to the meeting, and back. The object of your visit was an important one, and deserves the serious atten-tioirthe 'lalfiesrintalii-- . WSlintMeate . , of settlement. I value your little paper very -- much , and for ward money for the renewal of my subscription, wishingouievery , Eliza m:ni Fox. sue-- ; Sec. Franklin It. S. I. IIO lISEIIQLD HINTS. Fnuir Cake. -- One-ha- lf pound of citrbn, one-ha- lf pou niFjofiraisi nsfi ve: eggsjzbea t the, whites and yolks separately. Use a little molasses . and spice to taste. one Voojo, tablespoonful of flour, one ot melted butter, n lui ot miiK to eacn egg and a Beat the whites of the eggs to a stiff froth. .. table-spoo- Mix the vol ks, well-beate- with the other n Then for spreading nffgfetlf it is in the pah. Grease the frying-paand pour the mixture in a thin layer; turn one half over upon the other as It thickens, or roll it up. Cook to a delicate brown it abWf hlflp hur ( V ) - l . rs .S Vr 11' u the ExruNKsr. .unui M,vniviiivi. "In marriage a ilini give- - everything and a woman nothing,". 1 heard a man say tin) other dav. Now,s a woman, 1 am going; to tell what I: think about it; I think thcr gentleman is entertains such an idea as the above. Wlien a girl is single she may always feel entitled to an escort ; slie ca u '.visit places of amuse ment, dance, walk and enjovhersclf socially :, Buj with any respectable gentleman friend. of'man-nersand when married, according to my idea morals wlich if severe is also safe-r-s- he has no such privileges. If her; husband does not choose to see or hear anything attractive, she must stay at home, . This your-rpIvbehigr the aser gentlejnenm were it in woman's power id, say to : riot go to you after inarrigeryou must nnv place onmiusemen topless Famt)leii$eti" ve.ry-riiiachinfetakehw- ho titto -- ps- t(iakeouTtlliouj etf risk and made some icrifice. the precious gi ft of her whohdife, the nierg- ino- of her existence into"tliatroiMher;iIuis band's is not esteemed llTo great aacrifico by a truej loving woman, f she meets vitli . a fitting return from him Whom he. has 1 or he nnd i)n)iector. fnr ii rim si - table-spoonf- ul pound of butter, three-quarte- rs cunants,one-hal- f ' s. s, of brown sugar, of a pound of flour, two pounds of one-half-pou- nd thd-glas- A past on walls and paper there is no invention that will do the work half as well. Try them once, and' there will be no necessity of telling people to be sure and save all the wings. . To Make Soft Soai'. For one barrel of soap, take thirty pounds of grease, free from salt, rinds or bits of lean meat, and the lye frbm,.two barrels of good ashes. Put one quart of lime in the bottom' of each barrel of ashes. Put boiling water on to leach with ; have ready the soap barrel where it is to stand. When the lye begins to run, molt the'grease iira little lye and pour it in the barrel.- - Heat the lye and fill it full, stirring frequently until cold. I always use the stove kettlejas that is free from rust, which makes white cloth yellow. Soap made lirtniway Will-b- e very-- 1 ight --colored mdJiiidknjFre; quires but little labor in making. If the lye is not strong enough to eat the grease, boil it awhile. "Cor. Agricultural Paper." Tojiato rSoup.For this excellent soupthe proportions arcseven or eight middlingsized,; tomatoes, three pintsofJ)roth,salt, mree pepper, a teaspoonful of pepper-corncloves, a quarter of a pound of rice, a of butter, one ounce of sugar, three slices of bread. Ther tomatoes are put in boiling water for a lew seconds, taken off and dropped into cold water, and then skin-- ; ned. They are put in a saucepan, and set on a moderate fire with the broth. When col- cooked, the whole is turned into rfod through with a POtato- smrlpr Jind inasher, except tHe tomato seeds; then the strined juice and pulp are mixed with tho r it has been boiled the butter ana sugar are added. The whole are simmered Feanklin, Oneida County, . iiere is noiniriL0 tnar ..eouais xaeni; ii no lint upon ( I ' a1 - ; LVor . Young, B. fV. an'repiher-forjair- Kil.riectiriost??yotii i with houses or gold or onglit of worldly wealth; but with his whole leart, liis care attentions. Whether and tender, lover-lik- e he has wealth or notf this I IUieoiiiy true lquivalenthesx!aiT faithful, loving wife receives no more than otrereyienlie lv she bestows. If there is a bridegroom i who, wiiuii he holds his bride's hand at the-.a- Uirr claspi ng there a true, gootl woman's han(J, believes ihaf vsrhht lie Tcau trivc her to eat And drink, and to wen r, are the inducements by which .. , -- - . - - L . j & I ine dish. WhilOxit is simmering the si icea of ifi.Krwvi ho is nrnivelv mistaken. him hiothing, bread are. cuKin dice and fried .in a little maiden who seemingly gives to "all" bestow before and upon whom he promises butter, and putin the soup tureen the mixturex therein. Cover it for as he vainly imagines takes upon herself turning :rfouiresda5'etdttention. ;TfnelylnceL6rj a few minutes, and serve. 1 jfjth0 resppnsi.biliyes of; becoming a wife meat stirrea imoTnisoTneietvanes to iiiiniaier grated Take good because the dish. Pickt.eij CaulifeoVeks small-or in sickness, to to his comfort in health , into them break pieces Lemon Taut. To the grated rind and white heads, add to his happiness, to share his joys or am salt minutes ten in for boil strong and the juice of one - lemon add a teacupml of sorrows, to bear any or all burdens commori SllOliKl Which out the water. "nf Skim pieces, warm water to the lot of mortals, with him and for him sugar; stir into a tea cupful can brook corn of a that so be tender h splint one teaspoonful 01 and two has becoice the sacred and cheerful duty a on tmmi stems. the run be Lay Boston crackers, and add to the through and pleasure, of her life! nw wntor. nnrl wlici thor Uiaiu uuf i hi lemon and sugar; whip 1 6 a froth the white IUWG1 IU riii'n A man mav suppose that, a wife yields no a with into them cold pickle jar, d oughly in taking put of one nd t he- - yolks , of A wo eggs, " -iVnd privileges on her wedding day, pepper, whole a'few elbvesr allspice, 11 in these to the foregoing stirring briskly, arid hlriTW beHier all," no matter what BoitJ a cloth. tied in cinnamon of up sticks hp- mfiv nrnvp. to be and there's no guessing pour into a plate lined with a light crust. it While the above is baking in a moderately-heate- d and skim the vinegar; then pour directly beforehand. He must be thenceforth, akthat arc beets few a If cauliflowers. oven, whip the Remaining white of over the theNonly man in the world to her. I Shewhile boiling, in the they sliced vinegar up . egg to a froth and stir in three teaspoonfuls must lia vc no more hal f sent i m en tal fr e nd coral a stalks cauliflower the color bright will ships-w- hich are often very dear to femin of powdered, sugar. When the tart is done to the nttractivc more them make and beaten red, remove from the oven and spread tho ' ine heartsinstead of exerting the powers Gentleman." eyc. oven to "Country whites over the top; then return the of her maidenhood's charms to please all, and brown slightly. WirooriNG CougilEemedy. Take plan- she must beat, with her the dignity:, of Beef-Steakfor broilinsr, should not be tain leaves; wash and bruise them well; now a matron; and this is indeed a hard lesson .'much more than half an inch thick, or they l strain through a cloth, and sweeten with for some girls to learn. fuMs a Intellectual superiority, a struggle to gain will be hard.on the outside betore iney are honey; foran adult one tablespoon r ' ' " ' the ear or. the eyes of the world, success in done through. Pepper but do not salt them dose. "2 : il 1' until previous to .serving them, or the gravy House Peaxts. House some profession, are not requisites to place Invigouatixg will be drawn. Do them over an ardent plants ought to be stimulated gently once the wife on a level witliie,husJ)aiKl, as children tire, and only turn them once. When fried, or twice a week. Itain water, so refreshing his -helpmate, the mother of his uquai to su mmei flowers al ways contains .am m o- - and like mind of powers with over with fat, ;and the steak put in. A nia, which also alwunds - m all liquid, ma him, thouglfhis Tf ;.,.. mi nmu'n nf nnlvnrizpd his ixdily strengthrmay be, m most repeci quick lire is requisite. When dnnn ncrmprl- -. and salt it, and lay upon the top some pieces cnrixinateYanimonfa7"dis;soIvcd in one gal- - superior to hers. He may battle withthc w elm mnv llOt. but, WllO, aillOUg of fresh butter. Kemembcr, whether fried Inn rf vn tnr. it will make snrinsr water even and tcndem?s?. more stimulating to your plants than rain men- can give such truth as this constant wne ly; never suffer them to go to sleep over water. Keep the soil in the' flower pots and enduring fidelity will rivo? This woman, who makes her the fire. loose. "Mass. Ploughman.77 self most man's equal when she is most . Vvav lioiic'icponors Mimreeiate the value of nothr.lnol-nTin". UMiPTWrtmnn of Detroit CLYQ HSLld truly a woman ! And who can receive hn iicn iVinm nmf as his wife, that she; to dust fnrnitiirn nnd brush nn the hearth, to be Orcranizinjr a trade union to protect ing at his hands, ' . i I Mrs. Maey out. . r in nlinon in Tn1. cannot repay! 1.1.1 11 i)UL ior Avasiung winuows it incy are 01 uniuui meiiibuivua uauuk rl, n, i i . .1 - v corn-starc- finely-powder- ed 4- - -- : . . - .... s, I " " ' " -- -- I xt-nr- - n . !.-!- . rj. i,i-:.-- ' - - 4- 1 1 1 - . 