W 0 31 AX'S 136 j... EXPONENT. W03fANS AGENCY. NEW CLUB RATES. That, to go to God the Father and ak of Him a testimony of the truth, and for gifts and blessings contained in the Gospel, is a divine right belonging to woman as well as to man, is clearly evinced in many instances related in the sacred Scriptures. - In the case of Hannah, the mother of the prophet Samuel, when' she prayed to the " Lord to give her a son, Eli, the priest, seeing that her lips moved and that her voice was inot heard, said to her, "Woman how long wilt thou be drunken with wine?" And Hannah replied that she wiis riot drunken, but - that she was a woman of a sorrowful heart. And he said, "The Lord grant thee thy petition." And the Lord did hear and answer her : :i prayer. ;.: There are many other instances which Determined that nothing shall ho wanting on the part of tbs Publishers, to increase the circulation of the ExpoKKST and aid in promotin? the objects contemplated in its publication, by making- it truly an exponent of the views of the women of Utah, sustained by them, road by them, - and lis columns enriched with a widely circulated expression of their though tv wa roller th s fol lo w'ng ter iifr to cl ub7 'tots to prepare for increasing the value and importance of the paper wth the beginning of the next volume, which larger subscription list will enable us to do: 10 copies, 1 with a copy to the getter ' jar, : , L L of the club 13 00 : up j15 copies 1 year, uitb a copy to the gettdr 20 00 up of the club 20 copies, 1 yenr, with a copy talhe getter steel ngrav up ottnclub and framed Briirham ing, 12xlG inclns. of Pe-iJw- : " to-d- ay " it P4 00 50 7 ' tb '.-'- .. : : : the publishers. thohands-o- f thelliilistineteUingilier riskWeofhope lxni broughout the Territory, especialwhat to do to obtain' this great blessing. ?reidt-ilHiid the Secretaries of Reiief Societies' She must drink no wine nor strong drink, ly will endeavor to get up clubs, and that they will con neither eat any unclean "thing. Jien in stitute thetrfstlves agents for the extension of the our day would think it rather strange for an eireulatioit:tBte:Exje ; 3 " W. E. ' WALLACK JLJL Z. O. 31. 1. . ' ' - HI writtenlhaiv Has the best, largest and purest stock of confec their dead to life through faith, and enjoyed 'the visitation of angels. I would be willing tionary in Salt Luke cityr Just the place for ladies to be classed with the superstitious arid to purchase. ignorant to obtain like blessings. f , '' . , . restore her eon to life; and it was done rYounhandt-omelyrifraineUselling ' " 43 00 , : . i SI prico according to her faith. Also the mother of Clubs can b3 commenced at any time; and addiSamson of whom it is saidf mGingel of the tions can ba.made after the first list of names has " "' Lord appeared to her and told her she should been sent. letter at the have a son that should deliver Israel out of "Money can be remitted by registered - angel to appear to their wives without first appearing to them, but nevertheless, it is JOURNAL The women of Utah occupy a position which attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and woraen every where. They are engaged: in the prae-- : tieal solution some of tho greatest social and moral" problems of the age, and a powerful interest is manifested throughout the United States, and, it may be said, the entire civilized world, to learn from 'reliable-sources- " the' views honestly entertained by them on theso questions. " j The3'. have been grossly misiepresented through the press, by aclive enemies who permit no opportunity to pass of maligning and slandering them; and with but limited opportunity of appealing to the intelligence and candor of their fellow countrymen and countrywomen in reply. .'.'-- " Who are so well able to speak for tho women of betUtah as the women of Utah themselves ter to represent "ourselves than to be misrepresented by others I" :vj-- ' and For these reasons, that women may help each other by the diffusion of knowledge and information possessed "by inany and "suitable to all, the publica-tio- n of Woman's Exponent, a journal owned by, controlled by and edited by Utah ladies, has been commenced. The aim of this journal will be to discuss every subject interesting and valuable to wonaenrrIt will contain a brief and graphic summary of current news local and general, household hints, educational matters, articles on health and dres.-- correspondence, editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its columns and miscellaneous reading. It will aim to defend the righ inculcate sound principles, and disseminate useful knowledge. Utah, in its Female Relief Societies, has the best organized benevolent institution of the age; yet, but labors of these little is'known of the Societies. In Woman's JSxponknt a department will be detotei to reports of their meetings and other matters of interest connect d with their workings; and to this end the Presidents and Secretaries of the various Societies throughout the Territory are - requested to furnish communications which will receive due attention. ... : Miss Eliza R Snowr President of the entire Female-Belie- f Societies, cordially approves of the journal, and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from ' ' her numerous duties. Woman's7 Exponent will be . published semimonthly, each number containing eight pages, quarto. The following low rates will place it within tho reach of all, and the hope is that it may be made so valuable that' it will be found in every family in Utah. . ! Young;e4IIrg price72 SO u ttcopy to - th o - getter copielv and thVclub, a superior fina proof, upof-to steel graving, of 7pTesident Urigham" a A UTAH LADIES - inlptbeiTnentidnedi --""hhlliiniitr Erophet-ElishwpmaiLwhoentibr Xitie woman's exponent. v ,. A pkiisox'h pride should only dwell in Retail Dry doom Depaiitaikxt. the principles and not in the manner, placing nature above everything unworthy, We are constantly in the receipt of all Seasonable, or that shall lessen dignity or impair honor. When St. Paul tells women they must be obedient to their husbands, he does not re- Fashienable, Dress Goods, Suitable for the great va lieve husbands of the obligation to make wives sensible why it is they ought to obey. riety of our Patrons. There is a corelative duty; and obedience, when the one part is duly performed, is entire devotion to the instructor,; guardian, We continue to manufacture the Celebrated and guide. A .Bkave Wife. One of the : severest .SALT LAKE GLOVES. and saddest personal misfortunes created by our late direful calamity that we have had to record is the following: On one of the self-sacrifici- ng ; . . : ': " jstreetauat the Southend 1 of 'l ourcityithere r Children's Hosiery, Shoes, and Gloves, a specialty. """ T."" T .TEIiMS, Strictly In Advance resides a middleaged man with a wife and 1 Copy one year, SiOO tl.UO I Copy eixinonthf, 10 Copies 10 Copies one year, 1S.U0 x months, 'J.00 children, who, previous to the fire, were While we a fine stock of the f legant fabrics carry loss ; No received for six months.,-Itha and t subscription livinghappily faring sumptuously evey is desired the i Presidents that an neome from ?iahop3, earnestly day upon arising mainly some $300,000 invested in good paying in- of the day, yet the grand staples, such ai Dometics, of Female Relief Societies and others interested in a work of this kind, will interest themselves in getting surance stocks. With the calamity all of th is property and source of income were Checks, Stripes, Denims, etc, am ofTrod at the low- up club?; ten copies for the price of nihia. swept away, leaving him a poor man. It : was a terrible blow. : A:drc.s all communications But his loving wife, est possible figure. and subscriptions', B. II. un7 CLAWSON, of in the reared and Sap't. Pnblisiiors Woman's lap though luxury Exponknt, Salt Lake City, used to the perplexities of life, quietly, rose UtHll. ' ": l J: ,1 yl y.i. above the wreck and ruin of their worldly TO THE LADIES. storel ispmcd of h erjewels; and - wi t h such" gPECIAL W. II. GROVES, ineans as she was .able to command, makes ' Wo would respectfully call your attention t the yt. dentist; her "debut" as a landlady of a south end oecona aoors west 01 noutn UIlj0 inree toireet, . one of the Larrt M brst RJnrts boarding house. The pluck of such a wife fcL thtwo l.ivo cs'ern Hotel, half a block east of Elephant is credit enough for any man to build upon, .Mil i.RKe uity. of Ladies, Mispo.' and Childreii's FIT its in SftJi, ;3 rMoro, Ouico Hours from 9 a.w. to 3 v.ia. and capital enough to float him over the very tidal wave, of misfortune. "Boston also Capes and Collars (separate;, that will he tum j Herald." l jTji URNISH YOUR HOMES. " : ; . ' ; ' ' "" : -- ,- j i : : i in this Cil3'. QAMPBELL . & PATTERSON, Also a large assortment of P'ice Shoes of Philadelphia and California make. I ; ; would advise tho Ladies who WHnt lobuy,fin Parlor and Bed-rooSets of furniture to call and m Dealers in Book?, Stationery and Newspapers, The above goods we will cell at the lowest possible examine the immense stock kepi by East Temple St., Salt Lake City,:UUu. ..Orders from the country solicited. PneC DUNFORD & SONS, At No. 31, East Temple Street, d Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. ' : ' ' : General Agents for Womab's Expojtxxt. Lake City. South Street; ; - a-- Salt Po. 75, i irst 