Vou 1. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY 1, 187. 1 EDITORIAL NOTES. y which was more than sensible." Frozen ears for both,,with afrozen cheek and heel for one of them, were the result. If ... Heavy floods in Cambridge and vicinity, foolish iTiihg-tob- e TTvL- there is andari!igrbut England. bovs are readv to undertake done, American are the latest .. Lady xqtaries public it. Indiofficial Torre life. in Haute, novelty A great curiosity in the form of a stone ana, has got one. has been found by Mr. A. M. Stewart, a Murderers and convicts, who have locator of. the graxeDl epSits escaped.- tlie -- penalty; of oftlended laws,: eon-- of the Sie tinue to court notoriety, now, as lecturers. iimjriiiiJitQn eiioai d " A sing ular Heath occurredTIii"Jrern6.ii7 magnifying, glass thick lobelnapedilkEa in the centre, and so A child few fell a and hurt hard that the hardest of files tried upon it Iowa, days ago. i ts gums, when bleeding com menced at the not even a scratch.-V- ie wed through : produces child and '"dieiliif the place injured; a powerful magriiiying glass, it shows the most wonderful rays of light. The owner A religion without Wgotry,v)iidi and and whose truth believes it to be a rare gem, unknown to love, mercy, believers practice--thesvirtues, is sadly the lapidaries. needed throughout the Eastern States. Some time ago, "Woodhull & Claflin's People find it frequently more conve- Weekly" charged Mrs, Theodore Til ton nient to see and act wrong than right, with marital infidelity, and Rev. Henry because, while there are numerous wrong Ward Beecher as the ether guilty party in wavs there is but one rig it way to look at the alleged criminal ityV TMr. Beecher r paid no atten tion tov the charge, nor did Mr. Til ton or perform anything. present. Now, it is said, he will A first CLsimthematician might find up. to the -a den ial alt hough i t- - com esak a considerable of a jwMclii7nireRnsome" pu blislihour. Evidently New York time in recconing the number and cost of very late must have some very liidepus-lookin- g the di.saslerous fires which have occurred "Sbcety""skeletons" in its cupboards, if they within the United States, since the Boston to view. were exposed 1 conflagration. Among the most terrible disaster.? of late A hint to young ladies who design enterg business might occurrence, is recorded the railroad accident ing into the be gleaned from the example of a wedding near Carry, Pennsylvania, on the afternoon which lately took place, at wheih each guest of December 24th by which the train, concar and One baggage paid 25 cents admittance, which .was handed sisting of one passenger over to the bride as a little start in the car, the engine and tender, was thrown off way of 'so ttin g up shop. ' rr IT Trizi: :Z7 the trackr falling a distance of over- - twenty the cars were turned directly bottomside Amox(. the last sayings of Horace feet; upward, caught fire, and through the fearful Greeley was "The country is gone; the crushing and burning, some twenty souls 'Tribune' is gone; and I am gone!" While were ushered into eternity and his last words were: ."I know that my Re- about immediately as many more were dreadfully injured. deemer liveth!" These will do to retnember But who were out of forty-si- x of and jot down when making memoranda on the train, is known, to have escaped un' of men. words eminent tiie dying harmed. - fool-hard- ". . ! : -' . : - in-culca- tes e -- house-keepin- : No. 15. tions, professional murderers who kill life ere it has passed from its embryotic condi-- , tion, and of its public destroyers of chastity anciinnocence, itwill be iii a better condition to pronounce judgment upon Train and h is publications than it is at present. The Christmas season just passed was prolific of horrors in the United States. Destructive fires Occurred in ::mp;parfs of the country; the upperfioor of aPcnnsylvania liaptlst persons and injuring nearly 1 fifty more, a number of them severely; a numbert)f railroad accidents occurred, by one of which some twenty persons were literally roasted alive through the burning of an overturned car on" which they were, and in addition to thesaaiidotherorTors,oneoJLthe most violent accompanied with insnow-storm- s, tense cold, swept oyer the Eastern, Middle and Southern States, that has been known for seventeen years. These are but signs of the- - times on which the wise-w- ill ponder; while tho unbelieving and tho foolish will v not heedthe warnings given of an approaching consummation in fulfillment ofprophecy. The Credit Mobilier is exciting considerable interest at present. Speaker Blaine demanded an investigation into tho charges made against a number of of Congress the members and Senators and Representatives; the-- principal charge being that certain members, Blaine among the number, were bribed in 1864 by the UnioiiTVcifie Railroad Company's Credit Mobilier, to support the measure of that corporation and vote for the amendments of 1802, to increase the laud grant and exchange the Government's first mortgage on the road for a second one, the first being allowed to the company. The Chicago "E veiling Post" has the following hit concerning the affair: "Enough has been developed in the Credit Mobilier examination-tmake it desirable to develop mon. Wo d cat will be let out of tho trust the "About "three htind bag, r no inatter what Senator shebites, or in the recep- what me m ber sh e sera tehes, or what ed i tor and children tion room, up stairs, of the Newberry Baptist she spits uioii. So ihteresting an animal Church, Pennsylvania, on Christmas day, cannot get her ltck up too soon.". having a Sunday 'School Christmas Celbra-tioSome tiOv ago. Professor Tyndall prowhen the floor gave way and the mass to test the efiicac of prayer as a of human beings were precipitated to the posed h oal i ng.ined i u m, by havi ng pmyer.QffereiU fioor beiieathrFoirrteeir were "killed "ou wards of an hospital, while and a large number, more or less up in certainwere to bo left prayerlcss; and other wards injured. This is one of the most heartrend- if tho patients in the wards where prayer ing occurrences reported of the late holiday, Was 'offered would'be toheaHh more and should" give a text to' the bigoted of u ! t y t i a n h ose in the other wa rds, then other denominations, who forget whaKthe q was to lie accepted as ; .cflicacious in Savior said concerning "the haling olUlhc prayer the healing of dseases. "It is needless to tower of Siloam. : say that Professor Tyndall is an infidel. A is George conference of Methodist preachers considTrain, whose given"thename White House, ered his proposition and after some discusFrancis, has not reached but he has the inside of a New Yrork prison, sion decided that it was blasphemous. Nowi charged with publishing an obscene periodi- as the Methodist preachers m question, cal. But it was not the obscenity in Trails with tho entire denomination, and the publication that roused virtuous New York, Christian sects generally, repudiate the gift where --the most degradingly.. disgraceful of healing, or the scriptural mode of healing publications of theage are circulated by the sick by faith and prayer, the question or wholesale and are on the stana oi almost is an open one, wherein they differ from every newsvender. It was because ho pub- are better than Professor Tyndall? And lished statements concerning prominent whether is'the infidelity of the Professor or New Yorkers whielrwere hard to meet and the preachers worse, teeing the former yet could not be passed over in silence'. If avows his unbelief in the Bible- and the New York will rid itself of obsceno publica latter profess belief in it? one-perso- ex-memh- ers n o - ITiie Br burg is reported to have warned Prince (JortehakofF that if Russian troops enter the countries between Khiva" and Afghanistan, England will intervene in support of Afghanistan. If this statement be true, a quarrel between England aiwl Russia may next be ..... -- apprehended,- ---i tion. i . -- red--meii;---w- were-assemble- d n; ght One QFthequestions:ig:tatingthe country just now iSj W'Ju'iher (he pcHil of Louisiana will .control the atlairs of that State; or whether thoy will be pneriieL.by a set of "mrpet-b- n gger." who have no special interest Jn the State, except to rob it. The question is important enough for considera- In full-size- the new public school building, No. o, Jersey City, New York, which was partially destroyed by lire on the morning of the 23 .of December, were about one hundred and fifty young ladies, all of whom escaped unharmed ; and likewise members oj the Board of Education which was jn session at the time. With such good fortune, the loss of $GO,000 need not be complained of. A little over a week ago two compositors skated down the Missouri river from Sioux City Jo Omaha, over, two hunrired miles; being some two days making the trip; , - d U-- k 1 