r k"jpCC PI Ml I H 1 ''I WOMAN'S EXPONENT. GO family. In order to learn how to raise one proj HOME vrly, If this be true, how necessary is it that parents give their children all the benefit of 'their. experience that it is possible for them to A pkomInkxt feature in the present Fair will be a competition for1 the best impart. But some mothers neWr seem to learn 7 r what the position they hold in the world is, or horses for speed and draught. 29th another to ult, Qx the company of emibe., A bitterly painful Remark was ought made by the unhappy husband of a vain, grant Saints arrived in this city, having travthoughtless, gaudy slattern. He said:. ('It is eled from Liverpool under the presidency of hard to say it, but if my girls are to grow up Bishop Fairbanksof Payson. r goo I for anything, they must be sent out of the the Territorial- - Fair opens, 7 in way of their mother's example," No mother should allow such to be truthfully the building and on the grounds of the 13th said, or thought of her. If she would see her Ward Assembly Rooms. A pleasant and lively daughters ornaments in society, let her set ex- time is anticipated by the participants. of each. $i.; a cordial Wo are revested to Fay that invitation 13 extended to all the nlem tickets, bers of the Retrenchment Associations. Mary IL Tout, Mary A. Kedington and Nettie Poll are the names of the .Committee,; 'antPMis. 31.7 M. II. Paul is Secretary. We anticipate for tlie young lathes a pleasing .slices, and for'all wiioat tend very enjoyable Thr ; eWniiig:i 7 SaintIilieniiiaT Star,' '7 "LATTXR-da- y published in Liverpool by Albert Carrington, has for some months past been presenting to its readers the initials of the name of the popular and favorite SalLake( C. Graham, under interesting articles of a genuine their imitation," amples worthy '' .' - "... -- 7 The Salt Lake Theatre opens this evening sermonizing character. Now that the Salt Lake .,'777. under its new management, the famouseomedy Theatre is to be newly opened, imagination -woman's voice of "School contrasts the present occupations of that gentlc- beim selected for the occasioii. with aifine cast jmm with Jthe posi tionh held a year a go. And : i ... T... .. ...... e i. : I 1. 1.. .j.. d A brilliant run may be expected. t Taney recalls, with tIietiioiTghT stager one a of to trio wives of (at present belonging Tn;pfioipsEi? grantiundax Seliool-jubilperusal of theaieWs from Utah, some oduVexpres-siou- s one household) to a? relative : residingiirirVer-- : f has 11 i 11 "Three fast you ng m ma a nd th e been postponed ti nextpn yp a h been nded has from mont, in, courteously on account of the lateness of the season, and der arises, might not his nk'Hiory casually re vert which we take the following: Sometimes, in that more time is, boys, I w4 1 may be hull for the preparation to "Now HI tel you v.h a t to see mylalttxTciy : yoi of the original-piece- s 7 that occa- to go homel" beto M3' will 77- lly you. only liope is, that you ". sion. come con v ineed of the truth of "Mormon ism." HO W THE BLESSINGS C03IE. National Bank of Utah, in The First I know are in honest we believe you heart, and an rexcitement among thenlepositors7 such alb We are ome times led to consider that that will, eventually, embrace the caused of New failures in the reports by York, '. 7. truth. . :.... , .. good7naturei was obliged to close its doors recently, for a sense. For so much of what is called fate As lor polygamy, you would not feel about it suswe has understand it short that but time; and fortune, depends upon the manner as you do, if you looked upon the principle in solvent. and is no tained losses, perfectly people have of viewing things. its puri ty as we do. You speak of mistresses or offers News" the Tiie "Deseret following Not Ion g since weli tnrrdffyoirnxr'OTna n " concubines. We do not believe in a man's livThe ady compositors, who are at in conversation with her brother, to whom ing with women as wives, only by right and compliment: west upper room of the new build she remarked, that-shdid not know why lawful marriage, any more than you do. But work in the ex it was so, but it seemed, the Lord had, all if you believe in the Bible, you must believe ing in the Tithing Office yard, are making a and dozen her life seen tit to bless and prosper her. cellent progress. They number half that the Lord blessed and 'favored men-w- ho some of them already do very creditable work. It was not her superior managemonnt, she practiced polygamy- - anciently Besides, He SEVERAii.QUARRELS between women in dif said, bat some how, there was always some"commanded it in certain instances. And He been noticed thing for her to be grateful for and rejoice-ovejof have said that in nothing did King David sin, except ferent parts thiscity,This is lately The Lord favored her so greatly, shameful, and is HiT the fctistToT tTriali rthe"HititerI cannot sec iy theidaily ipapers.7 The becoming too frequent. Women of no better almost more than dnyT one slie knew. anything corrupt in polygamy, only as it is should be visited brother affectionately replied that the grand or viewed from a corrupt standpoint, as most of bringing up, understanding, chief iuse of nil the pleasantness of her and of teachers principle morality, taught by world view it. the life, was that she - possessed oiie of ' the some form. in and he took another husband has wife, My few months, three infant sweetest dispositions in the world, and the iast During the am a but I her with my sanction; not to mke the woman, been called by death from the happy faculty of knowing how children have would allow them and have jealous feelings, ill best of every thing, and finding blessings in 31. B. Shipp, of the 11th Ward, to predominate. But our religion teaches us to family of 3Ir. numerous little things that many others The death of the latest, a little would never think of noticing as such. make our own will subservient to that of the in this city. The on -the ult. occurred i)th symThere was enough of sincerity and warm t h Lord, whom, we most assuredly believe, has daughter, to are friends extended numerous the of in the tones of the generous, manly voice, commanded this practice among His people. pathies to most sin to be is it bereaved and, household, been living in it, I have greater gladden a heart as susceptible of kindness Since will the enter that as grim destroyer the lady's of whom we write, had not the hoped, proofs of its di vine origin than ever before For cerely no ' ' more. , , there words : riindbyseekimjthe Spirit of God that I can themsdyes ment and loving appreciation. And she Gth inst., tlie general be happy. Now, I contend that if it did not : TNext 3I0NDAY, the Lattor-da- j' Saints con- felt it A joyous, grateful light, came into belong to the truth, there would be nothing fall Conference of the time. 3Iariy people her eyes and diffused itself over her face. that could make us feel happy in it. I could venes for the forty-thir- d was a liUIe blessing offered, she not endure to have my husband keep a mistresSj from the country will Ixj in town; and again we There it. . : 7 for the benefit of our friends,-an- y of accepted announce, could more endure a such than you any thing such trifling gems of should be pleased to see,-thtlu Daily and hourly, are us." yourseli. JJutLmimot see whyChristendom whom we worth scattered about we may, And ..... should think a plurality of wives au abomina- office of Woman's Exponent yz 011 West Tern-- i lv piiaerviug pie Street, one block South of the Taberuaeic ? tion now, anj more thah in ancient times. or heW;.bo btesoU;. eonstanfly may let : tho Market. 1 City I would like to have the privilege of preach- block, opposite uv u ) ) vi invv inui. (.aiu i.iiiii 1 AMO:a the recent deaths of children which unheeded, and be always miserable and anx ing you a real Gospel sermon, aud I almost have occurred in this city, one of the niost ious, looking away Into the future for great know you would believe the trutlu If the former day Saints had need to repent lamentable recorded, is that of little Ellie Con- lights that perchance may never 'present of their sins, and be baptized for the remission rad, a three year old granuehi Id of President B. themselves. It is but a collection of many Ii thereof, whyshould not the same be required Young.7 The ttle gi rl was yisi ti ng wi th her tiny rays tlrat forms the:most ;glorioiis rain--boIt is likewise a treasured store of of us, in order that we may be saved in the mother at her grandmother's house, on the 2Gth e?rtt 1 i fir con t i n n cK .ngdomnjj? Jesus-- said, except a man be: 11 It., wh ere7h e found an d cat a sma i piece of d a y bl ess i n w i I!" born of water and of the Spirit, he can in no checsiewhicli :hadbeein)IaTedforthedestTOi.ing wise enter into the kingdom of Heaven." And of mic with -- tryenninc upon it, and which that deeiarationwas hoff confined to the people: resulted in the death of the" child a short tiine I Tirr. filer of a single silk cocoon is 1, ;20 of His day. lie also, set the pattern vy going afterwards. feet in length. down into the water, and being baptized by We acknoweeioe with pleasure, the receipt John. of a polite invitation from the young ladies of CiiANBCRrainrjyUprolilabiycultivated T Hov,r my heart would swell with joy if could t h e Ot h Wa rd Bet renchm en t A ssoclatio n , t o on swiimpv grouV.d that would otherwise be see 3011 put away prejudice, and investigate attend a Grand Calico Ball, which will be given' useless.' At Cape Ccd, v. here the cranberry this work with open honesty ! If you do not "by them on the evening of Tuesday, the 7th ! culture is. carried: to i is Wfullesi , .extent,. feel right about it, go to the Irnl ami ask Him inst., in the new mecting-hou- e worthless .a few of Hint Ward, swampy lands, that ain faith, believing, and you will receive a testi- .The proceeds of the ball will be given to help years ax, have now saleable value.of $S0O. 51. A, F. per acre. mony for yourself. defray tlie expenses of the building. 7 Trice o and To-morr- ''" ow I " t 5rr'TOaractera, 4 . I . : ee 1 1 1 1 1 -- 1 to4c-ung-o- n ' conse-quence- of : .. - e, , ve . -- . " at - . Pi ! I ii ; w. . 1 1 tiHj-trnd-grcatly-- 1 1 1 ch-m- ak Hest. , : - ! i - , 1 TSSBBSut ! 