WOMAN'S EXPONENT. prying into other people's affairs and search- ing out their home4ife; Oh no, .certainly not; but .we can, each, of us, uso all our influence iiijdoinggood, giving good and sound advice to thosearound us wherever and whenever there is an opening, tako especial pains to and to encourage a spirit pf home-cultur- e, w " . ... , portunity to do a poncnt parts in millions of instances, atdif-fcrcnt times; and, believing God to be a consistent Being, and acting in accordance with eternal, unchanging laws, and admit- ting that these laws are harmonious that the higher operate in consonance with, and are never antagonistic to those of a lower is disengaged and by natural laws of affinity passes into other forms, combining with oth- er substances through an aflinitudo of changes;-ancooperating in an endless va- rlety of reproductions: as, for instance, the grass that grows over the grave incorporates a portion of the gross substance escaping o- - Zion is our the humiliating: conclusion that tho resur- uwu uicaiue, wu uro recuon is.an.iy a pnantom or the Drain: while jiumu, and sisters brothers all; then let us be co others, with little or r.o reflection, content workers in our labor of love at home, and themselves by admitting that, "with God though we are not called upon to preach the all things are possible " without questioning Gospel to tho nations, let us diligently and in .wnat manner, or by what means the re- faithfully fill our udng all the sult willDe ellected.. talents GodJia3given us for the dissemina ns communications to, and the dealings and tion oftruth of (xodwith matrao light. o us do earnest worKers, zeaiousjor"to-knownjjLet us, are characterized as those of home-wor- mont k. tha - - , - flpsh trace the same identical matter, perhaps into infinitessim divided and particles and passing into every form of hu- man, brutal, insect, vegetable and atmos- oheric existence froinort onward from' sen- I. eration to generation. sub-divid- ed : home-spher- e, . nponlft ofit thn flosh nf cow. sheen and roose. and thus we may mrin I - latt " ..-- - 7. the mystery. Every organized human never an shrinking irom. duty; --patterns intelligent Being conversing and dealing body, independent of the spirit, (which is a day;" an uur wiininieiiigenr ueingsooneame order, separate organization) is composed or two efforts to prepare ourselvi ds and our children, but in a vastly lower state of development.--1 distinct classes or errades of matter, and in ; forlivesDf honorand isvery where striMsuclrmu tual combi nation as to subserve tl i e nevetfiwearyin purposesofahis lowerexistence! Ononis efforts are appreciated or not; we may be codes of law regulating' and. governing, not irross. volatile? subject to cMngo and decay sunderstood but our moti ves are pure aim um wuwicutcaiHutui wvouau "iu uu t iruiue uuu viiriety luatier i?miu inoiana waier-- lanirlDie to mortal Siimt aim wise lose our reward." smallest speck that glitters and dances in touch, and subject to all tho laws of decom- ulancue 15EACUW00D. the bright sunshine, to the ffiowmer eraiaxy tosition. -- The other is pure, invisible, in- above us, representing system on system of tangible and capable of resisting every law Salt Lake City, Nov. 21, 1873. "practieal-us- ef uiness; Ifrllis-W'orksrord- er -- - it --- oi ivoriasrrne- everywhere manifest " Each department, the spirit leaves tho body, remains intact For the Exposest. whether'of life or inanimate matter, is gov-- f never being incorporated with other bodies MORTAL AND IMMORTAL ELEMENTS erned by laws particularly adapted to the or substances. This is t he precious material peculiarities of its own identity, and in regu- - that will be resurrected in perfect form, and OF THE HUMAN BODY. lar gradation from the smallest atom and compose the immortal tabernacle of the im- the most diminutive animalcule to the high-- " mortal 'spirit ' A PHILOSOPHICAL OBJECTION TO THE BESUB- -' est in telligences above; and ail, whether is well understood that resurrected be- it RECTION, REMOVED. assigned to different localities or interming- ing3 are invisible to these gross organs of BY MISS ELIZA It. SNOW. ling in countless varieties all operating in sight except when they are quickened by harmony, and not interfering with, or tres- - immortal vision that if the. dead wero f The subject of the resurrection of the dead, passing on each other. brought forth within viewing distance of us, to so as are far those laws to Just all of the we should not seo them. Why not ? The developed although of inexpressible interest human family, is very little, understood by our understandings we pronounce them nat- resurrected body being composed of this man in the flesh, and will not be explained ural principles; and what, with us consti- - pure material, can only be seen by organs of until he who holds the keys pertaining to ii t our ignorance of the process or law by clogged .with gross substances. for this dispensation, shall develop its prin- -.1 than mm which the result is produced: ior instance, While the gross portion is disorganizing ciples. our m Cana of Savior when cloud cannot Galilee, chang- and reorganizing, being, perpetually chang penetrate the Although we ' which is water ed into evident it that, he ing and in motion while the disembodied this wine, of obscurity envelops subject; knowing, as we do, that death is certain, it manufactured the wine through the agency spirit is associating in the .world above: the 13 natural that we should enquire in the of chemical laws of a higher order than pure substance, the precious germ of an depths of our souls," What and where is our those taught in the schools, hence the peo-- 1 immortal tabernacle, tho jewel s casket, future ? Shall the spirit and body again be pie were nnea wnn astonisnmeni, iort 10 quietly sleeps in the Dosom oi moincr .' united ? Who, that does not altogether ig-- f tnemnnep nore the idea of a resurrection of the body, probably being as ignorant ot the laws accordance with the higher code, the celestial but experiences at times, a bewilderment .of thnngh which the result was obtained, as Jaw, "shall reunite it with tho joyous spirit we now are concerning the resurrection of filled with eternal intelligence, no more to thought concerning it? be separated. Realizing that, in accordance with estab the dead. In relation to tho objections urged against The Earth also, combines in its present lished laws of nature, the substances which we now compose these bodies of ours, will, the reorganizing of the human body, organization, both of the above mentioned and a inclasses of elements; and, as well as man, will A'cry important after death, become identified parts of numerable other human bodies, also be incor- beautiful principle which pours a flood of yet experience a proces? of purification a heretofore before it can become the habitation and ever porated into the bodies of beasts, insects, light into the mind obviates fowls &c. and through them bequeathed to insurmountable difficulty, and disarms Infi- - lasting inheritance of resurrected, immor The elements the resur- - tal, embodied intelligcni-es.-caothers; the question naturally arises, 'How I delity of its strongest plea against tosUence. After hav- and I.cai." shall melt with fervent impossibility they be again restored t us ? And, if rection, weputs are instructed that the resurrec- inV passed the purifying ordeal of fire, and By this restored to us, from what source will, the tion of the body is independent of all gross, having been cleansed from all combustible deficiency be supplied to other bodies ?7 This is a problem which neither the rules divisible and transferable matter and this and volatile properties, the earth will pass of science nor the wisdom of man, unaided removes every rational objection against the from its present orbit, to the position amon in- fall- on by revelation, can sol ve-- a problem which reunion of body and spirit,u based ta the to the creations of God, from which it has infidelity"veryT)lausably applies as a settled con tro ver ti bio la ws Q f rial reaper in in sub- - en in consequence of man's transgression : and then will that prediction of our Savior refutation to the doctrine of the : resurrec-tion-Ton- o the decomposition of the body, and the meek shall inherit in which the worldly wise phi- sequent transformations and reproductions fuHy realized-'Th- c was composed, the earth." losopher finds a palpable inconsistency, and of the material of wmch It for borrowed this pro substances are one which in the face of sound reason These " amounts to the impossibility of a reorgan- bationary use to subserve the necessities L ization of a human body: for" what reflecting of this mortal existence to render us tanglB0St0h requires her entire Fire Depart mind does not see that the laws of nature Die 10 gros wiiguuiuiy, uuu wr jwiicu, unci mentto sign the total abstinence pieage. which apply, to tho decomposition of the rfo.ith. our bodies will have no furthur use. Eichter is paintirrg a portrait of MariaAs soon as the spirit leaves tho body, and elements which constitute the'living T5ody, of Russia, which lstobegivpreclude a possibility of the same material frenuontlv before, nature's crreat work of Alexandrovna to Queen her future mother-inTlabeing restored, at ono and the same time, decomposition commences,' and continues en to ail bodies of which it has comprised coin- - till every particle of gross, volatile matter v ictona. J a a W m ' - m 4 3y.-:k '.. in . m I ' f""-"- r ' are-inpossessio- n ; w, . i ; 