W O 31 A N ' S "E XT 0 N E N T. 126 FLOWERS. EMPTY. The ties of friendship 'are stronger and Your cozy drib h in tfy e corner yet; I sit ana watch it, just as day is dead; Tou cannot again, my vanished pet, Its pilwn?ithJy.oulaWfJgQWeIlJlea..: p-- more certain than those of kindred. os You cannot reach plump arms to fcetmy , Or dart about with rosy naked feet, Dabbling soft syllables of that and tbi?, A tiny fairy, blitheand sweet. Onco and for all you havo lain tlown to rest, JSTot to rise up because of birds or beams, Once and for all.ivi h white flowers on your breast lo siumner coldy and to area ox no dreams.j Empty the homo where, frolicsome and fair, Your precious presence madh bo bright a pirt; Empty your little cub, your cVthes, your chairt ' But emptiest of all your mother's he&rrt "Atlantic Monthly." kii-p- night-gowne- r THE SEX. d woman's voice. a-f- ew ce : oflice of and noble action. A DAUOiiTEii of is about R RAt modesty and affectation i are so to be married to a the Rothschilds different in their natures, that while one is man is a Christian. joor man, and this poor :: commendable tho other is contemptible. iI Tjie married ladies of Hannibal,3Iiss6uri, effects Of a; generous ; nothing warmer than love nothing richer than wisdom nothing brighter than virtue and nothing more steadfast than faith. These united in ono mind, form the purest, sweetest,' warmest, brightest,' and most steadfast happiness, v You may1 liecome what you will, if you only work: for i t with all the powers God has J ; . ivenVourChoose thenrsomeworthy ambiUQnfD Believing' that all who have been blessed among men, or anything the Lord does not with the light of truth, with a knowledge of esteem. Choose some great, noble purpose the Gospel of Christ as restored to" the earth on which can ask His blessing. Then in this generation, bv the Power of God. work for you it with all your might, and you -through HiservantJp5(C?p1i7'oaldMtakor will not mil of the .victory utuvu uuu uurue&j. pari m awa-iuiu uuuu The up and establish Kingdom-- of Righteouswishto effer words to my ness, I sisters through the columns of your paper. I would ask why we are here in these valleys, we who have left homes and friends in other lands, where we could have lived and labored as our forefathers did before U3, without the trouble, expense and fatigue of emigrating to Utah? The" answer is trite, but nevertheless true, with many of us; we came here for the purpose of serving God. And what is it to serve Him as He requires? As we understand it, it is to "live by every word which procecdeth from His mouth." Among, the many commandments which He has given for the instruction and salvation of His people, there are numerous instances where we are directed to dilli-genand warned against slothfulness. The prophetlEzekiel reckoned idleness one of the three- - great sins of Sodom, "Behold this was the iniquity of thy sister Sodom: pride, fullness of bread, 7and abundance of idleness was in henn The Creator has so constituted His children that they cannot be happy and idle at the same time. The most irksome task which can be imposed on man is that of doing nothing; while not alone in the possession lies the charm of that which is valuable, but the ehief delight is in honest acquirement. "Things won are donejoy's soul lies in the doing." There is labor for the head as well as the hands, and it isnoblft and God-lik- e to exercise and improve the mental gifts with which we have been blest, to cultivate our intellectual, immortal parts, and to increase the power of thought," and consequent individuality, as well as to bring lectures on'l' "Things ' .'l Rejoice in havi ngonejfrel!, but leave Laura Ream is candidate for the others to tell of 1 t; self praTsTFljpoTIs7 Hi e State Librarian of Indiana. Editor Exponent: - Anna Dickinson Honed For " ' Jt L. 'J. people imagine; that cburatro is confined to tfye field of battle. There could with men, unavoidable contentions, are not by any means limited to public battle-fieldArid there are other struggles in private life struggles with adverse circumstances struggles, it may be, with habits of appetites or passions all of which require as much courage, and more of perseverance, than the brief, exciting encounter of battle. What spectacle more pleasing does the earth afford than a happy woman, contented in her sphere, ready at all times to benefit her little world by her exertions, and trans forming the briars and thorns of life into roses 01 jaraaise oy tne magic 01 ner touch ? There are those who are thus happy because they cannot help it; no misfortunes dampen their sweet smiles, and they, diffuse a cheerfurglow-arounthem, as they pursue : the even tenor of their way. They have the secret of contentment, whose value is s. the pil6sopher'sstone; 1 for! without seeking the baser exchange of gold which may buy some sort of pleasure, they convert everything they touch into joj'. What their condition is makes no difference. They above- - 'Come! fome I fusband Club.' ' It is about four feet long and has a brush at ' the end of it. Miss Sarah W.rlBartori, an American girl, now studying music in Florence, is to be prima donna of opera in Warsaw, Poland, the coming winter. . Miss Hotchkiss sensibly thinks it high Tiawniied a . Itime-that-women-should- -- -try to invent-som- e - graceful and becoming style of dress which would bo consistent with health and free:": "':r dom. r Mary Thurmau, eldest daughter ; of the Ohio Senator, is aoon to be married to a naval efficer- - named -- Herrman, which - goes to show that their domestic differences will be over their T." Rhoda Bou chton, the author o "Goodbye, Sweptheart,' etc., (says a correspondent,) is young, pretty, fascinating, and rather wild, She is the eldest daughter of au English clergyman, and at present residing with an uncle in Devonshire, England. "Cometh up as a Flower." waswritten by her when only sixteen. JMiss Olive Risley Seward Avill hereafter make her home at Fredoniarwith her father, Hr A. Risleyr The old homestead has been handsomely fitted up, where .with the handsome income of fifty thousand dollars bequeathed to her by Seward, she can live in to elegant retirement if she has the notion -- 77 Mi&s . live that way. , 1 7 The Queen of England has reversed the ; gallantry of Sir WalterRaleigh, who spread h is rich pi u sh coat ou t for: h i s sovere i gn 7 to r tread upon. The Duke of Sutherland is having a shaft sunk inhis estate to iriiprove "" sonie mines, arid being fold of these opera- tions wrhile there, the Queen expressed a de- sire to see them. The Duke escorted her thither, and while her 3Iajesty was standing ; on the bank, inspecting the work, It com- mericed to rain. A few yards off one of the I. 5 nienviis siiwing J heedless of the rain,' continued his work : without a coat. Presently he was surprised ' to receive a light touch, and on looking up perceived the Duke, who laid a Costly rug over his shoulders, at - the same time ex- - may be rich or poor, high or low, admired or forsaken by the fickle world; but the sparkling fountain bubbles ''sip in'their hearty and makes them radiantly beautiful. Life bears U3 on like a stream of a mighty river. Our boat glides down the narrow channel through the playful murmurs of the little brook and the winding of the grassy borders. Tho trees shed their blossoms over our young heads; the flowers on the present you with her own rugr you may . f theories into practice, and work with pur brink seem to offer themselves to our young keep and wear it." A Brussels corresjondent says that re- hands. Permit me to say that Ithink if many hands; we are happy in hope, and grasp of bur ladies would do a little more brain eagerly at the beauties around us; but the eently a poor crippled girl, to save her sister uurues uu, uuu suit uur. jiaiius from a week's imprisonment, to j whlob ' work of the right kinJ, instead of using so sirt-aifreely those frivolities which are ever pre- are empty. Our course in youth and man- sh e tad been condemned for some sligh t ' sent In the idle mind, and are brought forth hood is along a deeper and wider flood, amid ofieiice, herself confessed the crime, and without exertion, It would be of great worth objects more striking and magnificent We went there instead of the; offender. - The are animated at the moving picture of enjoy- fraud was detected after she had suffered I to themselves and also to the community. ment and industry passing around us are the punishment and when7 brought before ! Nora. Respectfully, excited at some short-live-d disappointment. the judge she was sentenced to three months Young ladies of this city, going home The stream bears us on, and our joys and imprismimehtr which, however, she will from Sabbath School, on the Sunday griefs are left behind us. We may be ship- now escape. Her answer to the question between Ch ristnms and New Year's, were wrecked we cannot be delayed; whether what induced Jier to substitute: herself Tor ' heard singing a very appropriate parody rough orsmooth, thedriver hastens to ithome; her sister was, that a crippIeV'she on "Beautiful Snow," commencing with "O! till the roar of the ocean is in our ears, and could not sustain her being mother, T which the .mud, the tractable mud! Filling the tho tossing of tho waves beneath our feet,' her sister had done foraged a long time, "and, i streets like a halcyon flood! Splashing to and land lessens from our eyes, and the floods therefore," she added,-"i-t was better for me cover a fair lady's feet; Slopping about o'er are lifted up around us, and we take our leave to go to and let her be free." A subthe people you meet Fresh as an idea nip- of earth and its inhabitants, until of our scriptionprison has been started tor the gir), and ped in the hud There'.--' nothing so real as farther voyage there is no witness save the much has been subscribed to aid her and the the tractable mud!" Infinite and the Eternal. Cimily of so devoted a heroine. J s ;: v claiming.-The-Queen-reuestedtm- e-to . ; .... . a . 1 , - . ; 