,178 in the new house for their meetings, which ing of the Senior and Jtoor was most gratefully received by the Society Retrenchment Association of Salt Lake, the Hth : v w Precexdia L. Kimball, Secretary. City, held April 12th Tbo following sweetly expressire to . Mrs. Counselor Rooms. Ward Assembly rr nlicitv of nature, were wnueu a ZimOX&mnir. presidincMnlthe absence of sterMisieyjica husband. her There is a unity President Mrs. Mary I. Ilorne, suggested City, WasatchiCounty: of feelinfr among the faithful sisters here, that as there was no particularsubject id' be ,.;, In the old log cabin in the hills, Mary, hourf, many sDent happy Wehavo and improvement in grace and the know- - that day considered, the meeting bo one for the door, about children" Our p'aying the truth is the general aim. And testimony, and that each one sixak as she ledgof As bright as the summer flowers., toa hnvasiehed for social lue, our sincere desires are that we may be might be led by the Holy. Spirit brings, which friendship And Counselor Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball did not i nstrumental in achievi ng much - good in in path, foSa duty'a are there pleasures hwe wish to feel, on such an occasion that ?she. our. day." Pleasures which leave no stirgs comes had nothing to say; it was very important lAccompanyihg this pleasant report, were we banished, Mary, a a list or subscriptions, wnicn is Sometimes we have felt positive that; all weigh themselves occasionally.. is And as days ana wees roucu f acceptable in and see if they really had faith in God proof that the Exponent We looked to the Eastern mountains, the Society, and corroberative of the senti and wore worthy of a place in His Kingdom. "With longing, wishful eve. ments expressed Women, and girls i should be j Instructed in t We sometimes feel asit shut out kindred dear; and friends branches of learning appropriate for them to From Yet this is but a moment's thought From Paris, Oneida Co., Idaho Territory put to use, that" they might assist in sus- -- For duty calls us here. comes - the: following, v written April 10th, taining. theiusolves, , .Thero3vas nothing OUR MOUNTAIN HOME. Co-operati- " ve ' maih ' Kj ol-- -- " : . . - : ; , , , ; To teach and instruct pur boy s, Mary, To guide their footsteps aright; Will be much for us to accomplish,-our might: If we do it with!weallever be lonely, can , How. then, to nil.' mission . this With great directed, Truth of the Spirit By will. 1873 . -- Teach them Jehovah's , How we may fpeod our future, : Or where our. lot Decay We know not, may we neer regret - rbrf, undignified in a imprbpfirudikq woman's taking charge of a .post office, or he-Reli- ef Society t itheSecpnd Ward j School j House, last Thursday at 2 any such light business; but it was right o'clock prr m7, and as our sisters in Utah, and proper for women to qualify themselves have not heard much from those who live in for .such occupations' which were more suit this northern country, I take pleasure in able for them than the heavy washing and writing to. the Kxponent concerning our other kinds1 of work which some of them do condition and feelings. f Our meeting was now, and hich should; be performed by not so well attended bymembersr the roads f men. would have- - liM bemg very Madras to the bore been: but we had the company of President sisters impressive . .. testimonies ...... . i. y work Kich, and Bishops Budge and Home, trum ana validity of the latter-daCounselor Mrs.? Elizabeth rlib ward said it Thfi mAAtinp- hftinp- billed to order bv our was a great comfort to her to have j the con respected President, sister Julia Lindsay, that they should he,; Bishop Budfire encased in - prayer, after ndenee oi her sisters: -not careful ; and do Statefinancial which the Secretary read a anything , to shake the men t of lasf year's business, which showed confidence of those they loved;,- exhorted that the Society had collected two hundred her sisters to keep the . word of wisdom; their daughters should be taught to make dollars and "forty-foand eighty-thre- e i . j- : ; The unforgotten past; ;; And may memoryturn with pleasure, Mary, -we spent r To the lonely days the in hills, In the old log cabin away intent. duties" y "every-daOn ' ;April:iethy;iefiG;:7-7-T- annual meeting - of t r The of Paris was heldin . - . aa - T: ... ise : -- T r. - I I : m - - m a a. a -- - ? . RELIEF SOCIE'TC REPORTS. ur . Zina D. cetsjin(l Kimkill;f Sarah M. Kimball and hundred and fifty dollars and seventy-nin- e . Youna: attended the Annual meeting otTtne I Cfints. ipav:n? a balance in the Treasury of T?ni iof Khoiet v nf West Jordan, held in f hA one: hundred and forty-tw- o dollars and sixty- school-hous- e on the 14 th of 3Iarch. There five cents; . ' This was considered very satis was a full attendance of: the sisters and factory, and the sisters felt thankful,, that si goodly number of the brethren present. they had i been able to help the needy so Tho singing py a juvenue unuir, .wmucu uu muei. President Rich, being invited, occu- iixtonrwas"ext led by h.oV PrPsnTpnt.j sister ' some time in erivini? instructions in see tne oinciatto a was delisrht cellont. It his usual kind ,and fatherly1 manner, impart- ner Of in Sister 1'lXton, preMueucy inp much encouragement to tne sisters. illg herself it,' as a He expressed great confidence in the she as expressed acting, ffehepherdessV over the flock entrustedio perpetual success I of tHe Society, if the her care. As such' she trains the choir members would continue to cultivate the watches, over the young, and comforts the spirit of union. Bishop Budge followed potay the aged, and afflicted all around her. with suitable remarks, and advised care and 'Indeed, her example is worthy of commen- - instruction by mothers to the children, thus dation to all. The Society numbers forty- laying the foundation for improved lives. -- asAist spent-i- n TV - - - m I : , t a M ,wr. counselors iUrs. Phcebe Woodrutr,and B. W. Smith, and sisters Hampton, 11 Kim- ball and others made suitable remarks,1 giving mucii valuable instruction and ask- ihg blessings to rest upbri Israel. : ; Meeting adjourned for two weeks to meet ". at the same place at 2 t)'clock. p. m. Siiicr- - ? ing benediction by Mrs.' Eleanor Prattr: W w 31. A. Jenkins, Secretary. ; - Farmington,, Davis County, under date of April 17th, sends the following: I In reading the Exponent I see reports from Relief Societies in other settlements. and feel that I have been nesrlectful i n not reporting how Ave prosper as a Society in 1 President RichaskedtheinemberB if they Earmington I thinkriiicaii ;safelysay that were still willing to sustain their President, I wTe are improving; ibr although our, regular Mrs. J. Lindsay, and her Counselors, Mrs. meetings, "which we hold.: monthly, aro not , Caroline, Jvimball and Mrs. Llizabeth Col- - so well attended as they should be, yet from lins in their callings, and received a hearty the reports given e. by ihe Teachers, after i response m the affirmative, Sister Kancy visiting their, districts, the sisters generally 1 Rich was appointed Treasurer in place of feel well in their religion, and are willing, .. sistertetucki, whom circumstances prevented when called upon, to donate what, they can. iiuiii uuiiiiiiuiug 111 iiiut uiiictj, wuicii sue ior ciiuniauie purposes, n is only very. had faithfully tilled. During the meeting lately, that, by the suggestion of our Presi an excellent : spirit prevailed, and the dent, Mrs. J, Holmes, tho Society donated Teachers reported a very good feeling, in seventy-fiv- e dollars for the V Temple, and the settlement towards the Society. It was received a- - receipt for that amount besides , ! 1 e f ei Grii t jTiempers. x lie sirsicia vjici.cvi and prepared a number or articles ior a rair wliiHi rprLiinlv was most creditable to i incm. niese anicifs to the to amount of 13:G5, be appropriated building of a house for the Society. Besides this, there was considerable donated by the brethren, with the 'promise of liberal assistance inTutiire. Much valuable instruction was given by the sisters from the city as well as the brethren and sisters of the Ward. Sister S. 31. Kimball suggested and vwe-ujsuot-- ti u advocated the formation of a Physiological class, for the benefit of the' community in This suggestion met with general approval and a resolution to form a clas;3 was adopted. By the reand Secretary of the quest of the President ; Society I have prepared, "and forward this V report. v general in . that locality: . ; Peecendia Salt Lake City, March' 20th, L. Kimball: 1B73. v ; ; ; 1 which came off List night, and was a com- -. But we think it a duty as well as a' nleasurA ' i success, only, so great was the general to assist him when wo can. We meet to conndence that it would be a good one, that work everr two weeks;, and, from what I the hall was rather crowded. The best of can learn, are about like other Societies in feelings prevailed, however, and the Com- - general,,? We have a faithful President and I have mittee, sisters Mary Oakey and Emeline Counselors to take the lead. were o ltich, higniy complimented for the lived m Farmington twenty-twyear and neatness and convenience of every thing, do not think there is V community where I V 1 must , not iorget to say tnat we were the ladies are more willins: to assist the sick. advised to increase the circulation of the and administer to their wants than in this Exponent which we intend doing. place; which I think is something in our I remain your sister in the Gospel, favor; for where and when is the true friend V Alice Margetts.' needed more than in times of sickness and f 7. : distress? I prize your paper very much ' Extracts from minutes of the 5oth meet- - and hope your subscribers will increase and . . , ; , Meeting of the Relief Society, ICth Ward, held in the new school house on the 6th of larch, 187s, Bishop Kesler and Counselor Riser were present and addressed the sisters, commending them for their faithfulness, and tendering to them the use of a room . , . ' A A . . '.--- 