WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A WARNING. 175 is justice due to many of the rising genera- ? tion of 'Mormondom." i Ladles, "beware of wolves who come to you In sheep's eiothing." Do you not know their object when they come toyou to get: you to do some fancy Work for them ? TKey wisTi to form an acquaintance "with you ko that they may tell you how smart you; are, and that your, "husbands do not appreciate you, nor furnish you money enough, and it Is altogether too bad,": etc. Perhaps they will treat you - to some little niceUes very frequently, until your judgment jand good sense fail, you, if you are not aware of their motives and do not shun every appearance of familiarity witfi them. It is , ? a. j. e Salt Lake City, April, 187.). Smigglkh says that the most thrilling tale he ever listened to was that of a rattle- , snake. WOMAN'S VOICE. ' .v MISCELLANEOUS. - Davis Farmington, : disvein covered on the head, waters of the Arkansas river, in Colorado. The New Orleans "Times" says that the daily interest on what that city owes is four thousand dollars. The best indication of a let up of hard times, according to the Miami "ltepubli-cp'- f Co., A-Pay- ing April 8, 1873. Woman's Editor Exponent: As a lover of the true principles which God in His great mercy has again restored to the earth, I feel, with many of my sisters, to offer my "mite." I have been a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y os the largehcrease to marriagcsT Saints from my childhood, and can realize The directors of the Commercial National of Lord been the hand has over His the that notworth Whilefo barter yourpeace rof Bank of Cleveland have voted to add ' streams to has water He caused of Saints, mind and bring discontentment into your $20 0,000 to the bank's capital. forth,' and the desert to blossom as the homes, for the sake of receiving attentions burst A Southern Kansas paper thinks it can from a set of worthless, heartless scamps. rose. I was in Missouri at the time of the increase the population of the town by o Saints-fro- m Tot and the mobbing" driving Yet I have knowirwi v'ea rand even mothers, insert birth notices free.iraxju j realize 1 who would thus sell themselves and disdelivered from their J enemies; and 5 Iircosts $80,000 per annum to keep up the honor; their households, by :reason;of ::their lously the same God has led and guided us to the city government of Denver and supply the :yanity.1 And I couldlnam of the mountains. Lhave been in dermen Avith whisky Istmight. valleys who' on stands woman, dangerous ground Beecher had an audience of one hu nd red and who, on account of a lack of polygamy for eleven years, and feel thank at Rochester, and the firmness and the circumstances surrounding ful to my Father in Heaven, I have never and ninety-eigh- t :17 after paying expenses. felt like saying anything against that pure society realized $1 her, had better beware. Often it has been We know, of course, it Is a trial is the general belief that a decent, It -- some women do not principle. repeated-andiprove- n, not God a has said would He tried have but man is7 safer on the outskirts of comprehend that polished manners and rich people? "After much tribulation vcometh relpictable the Modoc camp that in a NewYork street clothing do not make gentlemen. can am a the I I ;r : :": blessings." hap car.';':.-- ". truly say L. M. Smith.. pier woman since I have obeyed this com is believed that in less" than two ceu- It to be turies ' ' IFor the Woman's ExpoxKjfT, mandment. If we would strive 7 will be the dominant lanEnglish a lesson in be humble will and AN INCIDENT IN PLURALITY. prayerful, it guage, and will bo almost exclusively the great school which will - prepare us for used in scientific: works. When that true woman and , gifted lady, an exaltation "in the Celestial Kingdom o The JeweU "Clarion" man says he is able. TT"Grace Greenwood," washere, shedelivered God. afloat by drinking his coffee without I take the Exponent and feel amply paid to keepand a lecture on that inexhaustible and interest his collar three times a turning sugar m its pages, especially interesting reading ing theme "The heroes and heroines of month. He thinks that's economy. humble life. Several communications have the spirited letters of Sister E. It. Snow. Busslaninewspaperwas-publishe- d Mary S. Clark. rrTHEfirstr: of late appeared in the Exponent on the over one hundred and sixty years . of A Gentile subject plural marriage. ago, under the special patronage of Peter LOVERS. WOMEN forth the the that writer, lately puts idea, the Great, one of its principal contributors. solution of the "Mormon Problem,'? will be Sedalia wants to give the cold not know it, but there are effected through the growing dislike of the Perhaps you do colored folks, citizens of shoulder to ii ji rising generation of "Mormondom," to this women wno iau m loyo wiin eacn oiner. the town, by 1,100 the Missouri legislature principle. The foolish, extravagant display, Woo be to the unfortunate she, who does the to cut off the asking Ward containing them from and inconsiderate expressions of many of our courting! All the cussedness of Ingenuity T lTz ji, :TT: the. city limits. young people, partly justify this conclusion: peculiar to the sex is - employed by "the The table on which the Declaration of but the surface expression of a portion of other party" in tormenting her. bho will of the neonle flirt with women by the score who are Independence was signed is still in exissocietv. is not the heart-inde- x at large, in their different avocations and by brighter and handsomer than her victim. tence in South Carolina. It has always --j She will call on them oftener. - She will remained in the Laurens . family, one of their When' first I came here from the outside praise their best bonnets and go into ecsta- - whose ancestors was a "signer." worid. there was much that being new, cie3 over their dresses, bhe will write The foreman of the Newbern f Journal struck with a strange ; thrill, and surprised them more pink notes, and wear their"tin of Commerce" is only sixteen years old. me. In a settlement some distance-frotvnes," . and when Uespair has culminated, He and his brother, aged fourteen, set up in en full" columnaof bourgeois. Araminta takes to her bed a and a larce famil -v"whose clothinirwas hererwas ,. . . . ?11 J " chiefly of home manufacture. The third in consequence, men omy wm una cuuquer- "Eastern Paper." wife, had two little girls who really needed ing "she" step off her pedestal to picK up The "Bridge of Sighs" was a passage new dresses; but how to pay the weaver, her dead and wounded, iiut then, women in the gloomy bridge connecting the ducal was thp corirnie nnfQtirm Sfiifl nrr Pk Pr must Keen meir IIUI1U iu. i ravuvv muxLva palace at Venice with the prisons, through which condemned prisoners were led to daughter of the first wife; "Get the yarn perfect. Fern. Fanny their death. ready and I'll take it home with me" (thirty miles away) "and weave it for you." "U! Cathedral of St. Peters at Rome, is The are like r no Maggie! I couldn't think of it! You graces .i Christian perfumesthe bur hundred and sixty-thre- e feet; St. . me sweeter. ji. have so much to do, and need the pay for more they are presseu, xi. Paul's, London, four hundred and four feet; in the shine that like the of mother stars, brightest the smell; responded The Monument, Lundon, is two hundred are more shaken, and ten feet high. little girls with a burst of feeling. The young dark; like trees, the they more mo ana root woman replied: "I think it a pity if I can't the deeper they taue, The foreman of the "New Northwest," do that much for my father's children I and fruit they bear. Portland, about as neatly gotten up a paper I Wilhlloble, generous girl! JltJuclied govern the appetites, or they will become as comes to this office, is but 10. years old, me then, and has never lost its first effect, un(ier whose bondage all that is he paper is set up In brevier and made when I have thought of it since. She had tyran fn i,nmnn PlinMPfor will be crushed ready for the pres3 each week by the fore r not themoney to purchase dresses to present oufc of exlsta"nce. Besides, indulgence of man and two younger brothers. "Lafayette to those children, but she gave them what health: and, aDDetItes in time destroys Courier." could not buy- - the iaoor oi love what is life without health? money " In Louisville some kindly disposed people from her own hands, and a place of equality you are buy nuts and scatter them In the park for NeverKfl go back, -unless you find and honor in her own heart, as, "my father's ,1 nt4l-nil ho .11 ' wroner. squirrels, and It has been discovered wnai you uiiciupi, uu wuu uu children." hat the tiny quadrupeds are regularly I hope this true "lieroine of humble life" your strength. Determination is omnipotent. robbed iu. by boys. When we consider tho will forgive the liberty taken; for it serves ii tne prospects, aro yiiuiuwuu, of the juvenne nean we wonuer to illustrate that such writers. asa ,I; have the fire of resolution your soul, and kindle a depravity 41. A - I frtTYl ...K nnnd wtnm nlf VV44V 44V4 AAm flame that nothing but death can extinguish. Wllt'iVitil UJU iJWV the and seen not have picture all; mentioned, . ; 1 : . , offer-ingrt- heyfe -- : to-da- y, -- " : : . . . 5 - ' i : m firedesfTfT-1- m I - w - ' day-fifte- sore-heart-ed - I ' 1 1 k- A : i ; , A . -- A. . 