W 10 0 M A NS t i A. K X P () X K N T, gladly she ate tlio wild farlif, as a preven- CfALDKK & C.MIKLKSS, tive' to scuny, when if started 'Under" the .Xo.'57,'Ka.t .Te.m'pl'o Street' Salt Xakef ily. The. eorresponden t of the Baltimore melting: snows of- - a lato coming spring'. Wha t t 1m It ii sbandrirai ned in i norabh i trli t nif iacf uiai women perform the naniest the, coinpanionshi) :oftlio Christian wife, and Shuttle LoekSt!teh St ttirg kind of laboring work in fiYrmahAvbiit Wast how much he owed to lier. and jva through not prepared for tlio("slfihts t have witnessed lu'iu, lias not been recognized.-- Hi inherited All kind of 3Iu! and Fancy (J.!.--. jl,j TiV Anieriea mivinrv Rendenev to fflobhi waseharnied away in bwlay, in Vienna. - ii orta r a nd - ca rry i ng t h e hod isconsidered 4hn X erc jie: iViv??e n co ;.rTh ere was h eal i hg 4 (j j yj j r YOU It 1 1031 KH.: cirri h .llh in ine wings 01 ine- guaruian spirit, ami jj t found willintr to undertake it ner eouiu whatever - at the tvresent inroujrn vjiritence. i ,j I would ad ise the Ladies wbo vuM lo buy ttu day. An immense building near oar hotel, annoy Vas smoothed from before him as if occupying a whole :bIoek, is in course of by the unseen agency of fairy hands. Partly Parlor and fetfiof ftinrture tut'all'unl erec tion, on which not less than 400. to this unfailing care is due that even poise perns are employed, fully 200 of whom are women. of1 brain Which kept his judgment so nicely examine the inimfn.-- e stt ck kcyl by All the hard laboring work-i.- i, done by balanced that, as has been said of Washing women, uch as making and carrying niori-ta- ton in action; Jne never nviled tajosprve all H. I)INWO()I)KY, in buckets on their heads to. the work- that was possible, and at the same time to men handling the brick They are not bound Jus, aspirations by that which was At No. 31, East T tuple Str t, h d leisure, several overseers possibie"C 'Nothing could exceed tne on guard to keep them eonstantlv in kinfffitlv'YendeniesSf the court- I ,v deference V - South '"trt'et. being o ,w WOMKX IX AUSTRIA.: . . "Wil.-o- n Mat-hint'- . p I Ml - T 1 1 ! - ; Hed-ron- m r LliiiLOent's . -- 7 -r -- UTtmiiir il - .' ..11 .1 i hat--ft little Fwt)rirnrnTltrreTTTcr and., there must be many thousji nds cf tlrir rw AVALLAGK doi ng this species' of laboring work who knewJiim as merely the siient, infiex-ibl- e II. Has the beet, largest and purest itock of in v lenna. JPhey are both oflicer, could not guess how the lovely young, middhF in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladif aged and olcl, 1uFall feeni to be strong and ness ot her life was blended with his, and dinner-time an undersong of wonderful to rurchace. healthy. At they swarn? iiito filled it with sweetness. to Her household - wa?5J directed the:hops purchase pieceTif browii Head and mt bacon and a inuir of beer, andrr o7it with a wise and elegant thrift, more abun f " " '1 to-d- ay f HddJSKIIOLD 'bv a wn flemin rt dent hero that most of them sleep about the with a su'm solved from his pay sufficient to TIlEASUHIl nd th.?rj U none bett r if a gnol we tru'hfupy nd Mrmstly corjHder, hnving hail expeiit nee in worksna: and taken pn.in. in b?er'ing ;everal kind?, as he Tky Konpn M en ink. uldch ii uroarns or micas, imrchase a form in Missouri. this,ioo, .,i.wv.,.,K u. u:i iiigs-ohaving no homes. Amidst all the splendor was lor oHujrs; I n she made our and wealth of this great city, with its mil- eneinies love her, and in Xew Orleans aid, J W.,'io lion of inhabitants, there is, can' "I is such nnnufctured in this citv and pold by (Jeorjrv, hardly keep anything, there pcrliaps, more to whom Hlliirdersi, cnopming it hhoul be jlestitution, want and guttering than in all sutieriiig about us.'' IIow many she has the cities in America; Still, we Warmed, and cheered, and comforted only Ud.lred, "P. O. iJ. x 474. ?5nlt Like Citv." frequently We trtke plfMJiirH in reeommeridinK ihi? Mnchine hear some of our counto'nieu praising and the, recording :angel has- - written. During to tho !HfTe of Ut' h, h d advUe ti t rn to ve it? first iiiarrlage ear her: early beau ty prewiring tlur". governments of Eu roper by pun djr.sij' an.1 u?in it. whilst viewing this scene, the Kmperorand snramr un anew at. ihir fppf. jiml o litfl impress, with . Ids statf and outriders, girl's caressing chatter filled their house NEW CLUB RATES'. glittering in gold and precious stones, witli music; but the 1)1 vino friend ofchitdren flashed along the Ttingstmsse, on the wav to took the young child iii His arms, even as the palace, whilst a hort distance oil' stand he took the child of old, and has her Determined tliat nothif g )mU bT wanting on th the royal stables, a mairnifiicent stmoiuuK sately housed in heaven safe from kept sickness, pa t of the Publisher, to increase the circu'ation f roveri ngtt t J eimt: murrblocks from large as Franklin square, the iiH'anest ani- - f the weight of- - years. Immortality would the ExpomiNt Hiid aid in promotin .' the objfCts .....i ui iiicn is neiier eared for than these seenr but a cheat it with bo Iii- -t 'Hpi plated in it puhlication, by nihking it truly an " women. It is not to be wondered at that the women of Utah, of our a flection s. ejtpoi.ent ot the. view-o- f - he 8,000 births in the annually by the!u,'read by them, and its column in Tienna, less than .W are of ; Pascal has finely said, I do iiot admire in a man the ex treme of virtue, as of valor, enriehel with a widly circulated expresfiun of their i hddren born in wedlock. if I do not see at the same time the extreme thouxht, we fl'er the follow ng terms clubs, so as TllK VIFE OF UEXEUAL CAXBT of the opposite virtue, as in Epaminondas, to prepare for increiudng thcT value and importance t.f who had the extreme of valor and the. the paj.er with ihe begnidug tf the next volume, Ihair thirty years ago, in the little of whicbH tirdoh1" clia meter would not rise, but fall, by tlie morry, Wedding, and Captain excels of the one side, A man shows 'true 10 copies, 1 ypar, with a copy to the getter K. 8. Cahby and Louisa Hawkins . $13 00 were greatness, not by touching one extreme, 15 up of the1 club a nith to Both wero copie. year, copy the getter tlio bride was but by touching toth at once, and of ym8 the club , . $ filling up 26 (V up reed-lik' a" beautiful, gifted with e grace of the interval." 1 20 copier-v copy U the with year, getter I ! ?, ' mnl u riQK "4 exquisite voice, Knitous of Tin: WoiiLD.The little f up of the club and a framed steel engravthat still haunts my ear with 'the echo of its have seen of the in 12x 10 i nchf of: rfnitnL if, Brigbam world teaches me to look selhi-. ranomberod mhsie. The old people shook 2 50 . l oung, 34 00 price, errors the of others in sornnv'not in 30 copiep. 1 ear, with a neir heads that night, and saiI she was too upon copy to. the getter . ..1 I take the history of one upof ibv club, and a euptrior first proof, tender for soldier's wife; it would not do anger. When .steel heart lias that of sinned Pretidentpoor and engraving i Brighatu suffered; and (i)er !(,r to Jravedhe hardships and Young, to handomejy fmmed, f dangers the selling represent and mysel tempstruggle the new countries. His -- V 48 00 prico'$ earnest unions; 11 has passed wlm, the brief ot through, be way Clubj Can commenced at any tinu; and addi loving, won her whole soul, and pulsations of joy, the feverish tions can of be niade after the first list of Hume.- - nai inquietude the Jhronghout shifting clian nf i i.tJ' fear, the pressure of want, the desertion been sent- of ti'ii't nf , Alonev can be remitter! hv r1.0Ut1ra.l U t.r tt, . fricn w,u; fii,"" he ; llK-hmon- Ud-dard- ;. 1 t-- eir ; fon-ie- - lying-in-hospil- . ?u-tain- m ed al -- More ex-Jre- ni Urger-euWeriptitti- old-fashion- - fi '" ed !narr , , if -- - f ' 11 ' .. - '''T1 tt M 'v r erring ' risk of the publishers.; .'; We hope ladiei throughout the Tmilory, eiciab and eeretarieji of Kelief Jtlocietiffe yiesidenla y.fendeavor to get up club?, and that they will conwill stitute themselves agents for the exnsion of the , circulation f tie Exponknt." !. t -- OA 1 to yotir littlo ones as if ru . m ine rourli you wen-- s goml-by.- " The lying angels that gentle, delicate may want them before the dawn u,t u(: of morn-- . has h.red near her It is hard enouirh to bear whon he banner overhead was love.rhusbandand -e About rtue 20th of the fir'the fruit- alone fills the i)lace of vour absent nno-h,- ,f . . . present month. ' Pro less niandi to Ut:K. nmi ... ana lessors iso uonaidson Intend i..,.k wnen remorse: sits in the empty starting V idiiiimfr hi, ' and from Xew York to attempt a i chair, ..... . 11 ) l.l.t crossing of the h'tmr. d,no memorv ..f nie (tear little face is Atlantic In t "a unra l the great Graphic balloon. Most and s'jrrmvfnl nliiM u t. And I icroliect a letter, written to are fond of adventure and excitepeople kindred a haunting reproach which voir ma v at home, descrifdiig their ment hardly but few would be. willing camp, and how hope in this world to dismiss. to undertake such a voyage. ; Mt.xl., v 'f 1.. v ... .. . .....w, c,,!! ..,,.!. ,, -- "WKHi-uiS- ht -- n-rf- ""-v-jut-iai- i now-a-lay- s, k 