WOMAN'S EXP O KENT. 01 SPLINTERS. destroyed by a late Seven lives were Memphis lias nrairie fire near. Omaha received $15,000 donation from Cincinnati. The cashier in the Treasury Department of Albaln'hafohbeit the State of $300,000, to speculate street.'.;. -- The ladies of Fortlana, Ale., nave oeen signing jiuuuuu rf Woman Suffrage. A melon errowin.tr on a cucumber: vine is one of the latest curiosities in the vege table ikingdom...... A sassafras trqe J20 feet high, 50 'feet to the lower branches, is a "rioveltv4in Pninsville. Ohio... ...Less hours ( j f xenrlr-- n n f h r fa rm 1 less prod U ce and higher prices for it,- is Western farmers..... . .. .Eighteen thousand Americans wTent abroad this year. . . . . .J et ornaments have again cdmtX'in xvor with lias .150,000 p the fashi6nable.T;.T. on-Wal- l - - thektomxy - -v- theieiinaxpsi : -- rMrs. ; - Ann Bringhurst, bpringviiie, - Harrison, Margaret T. Smdot, Pro vo City, Juab County., Amelia Goldsbrough, Nephi. , Ann Pitcliforth, It ., MaltliaXtOTayTagePt v S'ihpck. County. & cors. P. Hyde, agent 31. A. ; Spring "...City, Sarah Peterson, Kphraim, Helena Madison, Gunnison. 11 Millard County. Delilah Oleson, Fillmore, . Mis Marj' Callister, llil .Mrs.:Kuth ; ; , Jkaccr CoMtiy. " Tyler, Beaver, L, B. rratt, agent & LorF. Iron Count '. Mary Weimer, Parowan, 3liss josepniue cmuu, Kane County. Mrs. Sophia Parker, Kauarm, 3lary Ann ljimt, agent Cedar City. - ii M JI cor?, ash uiyluji Co n n hj. Caroline Jackson, agent fc cors. St. George, Elizabeth Canfield, Waehingl on " HINTS TO YOUNG 3IAR1UED PEOPLIT. , lr, . nd . The following paragraph is worthy theeareful perusal of any woman who is seeking, or ever intent!?, 10 Honestly lUini tile t ailing OI a Wlie "The true jrirl has to be sought for. She does not parade herself to show her goods. She ; rich. is Loh! what a heart sue lias wliert you iinu her! So larire and pure and womanly. When you ee her you bonder if those showy things outside were women. If you gain her love, ; She'll not your tvo thousands are millions. 'first-clahouse. I ask vou for a carriaice or She'll wear simile dresses, and turn them when' necessary with no vulgar magnificent I frown upon her economy. She'll keep every- thing neat and nice in your sky parlor, and I give such a Avelcome when you come;home AG1INTS. ever. She will entertain true friends orv a dol 1 new of with and astonish the Salt Lake City. Iar, you thought ho w little happiness depends on money. She will f 31r.. Elvira Barney, MifcTZina D. Young, Amanda Kimbal make you love home, ana teach you how to Margt. r. loung, Elizabeth Davis, pity, while you scorn a poor fashionable society i Lily Staines, which thinks itself rich and vainly tries to Sarah Smith, Hampton, 16 th think itself happy." ; Mary J.Thomson, Warily I Sarah JiBuii wife, reflect, if the husband whom th, Young Margaret bteel, jlissbaran Jr. liusselJ. yoil love so much has found that true girl in you; and if you can satisfactorily answer yourr Mrs. Laura Miner, j Mrs. E. B. Wells, self that indeed he has, be thankful for tho j Miss ;WJ3. Smith, Mary E;; Cook. noble disposition of which you are possessed, and endeavor to - throw beams-- oOight in th Weber County,,. way of others who may be lees fortunate. Ogden, -- Then, there is another side to the riicture. y3IFrodsliam, , - Oneida County, Idaho. There is the true man to find as well as the true girLind MKOrissnrAiireilrStCharles, .j, 3fary Itich, Paris. appearauceTahildthelranksiof llfashionable so liich County. ciety. But when you do And him, young lady, Ann E. Cook, Swan Creek. the vexatious and trials of married life, against Cache County. i which so warnings are given, are so M. A. Maughau, Logan; limited in your case that you will never need JaneS, Colcnian, Smithlield. ) ' tojoin your stories of sad ex2erience and human Box-- Elder County. wrongs with thej many that are daily told. Harriet Snow, Brigham Cily.' Nothing- - that would prove a comfort in'' the Davis Count1;. slightest degree to his wife, is too small for the Ann Clark, Fannin,irtui, rue man to think of and attend to for her sake. Aurelia lloger, And no necessary task is too great for him to Margaret lianddljCentrevillc,, lulizabcth Barlow, Bouutiftd, undertake, for her convenience and happiness. Susan Grant, ie kindly appreciates and encourages all the Sylvia Clark, eflbrts of tho true girL to make their home a temi-niontb- is-4e- , jdea -the General, Don An tonio Lopez I)e Santa i11 comAnna, is passinga jniierable plete poverty, having sunk from opulence. .. ..Thorn is a literarv society in the Maryland Inebriate Asylum, named after Oliver Wendell Holmes.. tMiss Sarah L. Fuller ofJVnu- - York has received an award tioir for of meri t - from -excellence in wood engraving.. EJiza II. Hill has been held in .S5,000 bonds at Worcester, 3Iassaehusetts, for shooting . her husband Memphis is better and her THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT nurses from New Orleans have gone home. ......The "Shite Journal" ofliee; of Harris-- . L, GREENE EICHARDS, EDiTOE. burg, Pennsylvania, was lately burned, loss "White a is new fur sealskin $100,000...... which promises to be much worn, ...... -- The Ltahr Teriusi in Salt LakeC-ityPublished prize fighters, Heenan and Bayers,- - have One one copy year, $2; onecoiTy,sixinonths, SI. Ion copies both died of consumption.. ...... .The well for tne price ot nine. Auvenising raies; rica .yjuari:, cijjui linpn of tinnnftrpil snacerre time. 2. vet month, 3. known English author, Sir Henry Holland Campbell & ratterscn, uenerai Asents, Jtasi aemiue sireei, Eufce" City , - .. .;Partieali5n.gagcil mliL politTcoj. Salt Mips Cornelia u. Ucrne, lmsraojs Manager, vmct nonrs religious conspiracy have been ordered from 9 to 12 a. mM and Irom '2 to i. kia., on Jsiondays aEd arrested by the Kussian Government.... .. Address all busmen coinmuniewtiuns to rullishers Woman's KxposKsf , A panic lately occurred on the Bourse in Salt Lake City, Utah. Vienna, and the Government is trying to .The Cariists settle the financial diefliulty lS73. are reported to have? fired on a Spanish SALT LAKE CITY, Nov. mn-oPvand killed one of the crew. News from France indicate closer approah AND COIlRESPONDENm AGENTS ...... to cniirchTT ... 'i x - r witli wiiicn i meneed : I believe if there, slioutd come-t- o bur busy 3IabtiiM an afternoon-i- n which there ould be nothing at alLto be done the house in perfect order from garret to cellar no sewmg to do, not even a letter to write they would be rrestl essly - unquiet and finally miserable before the happy hour vhen-th- ey could againkajupJJiebiircien by getting supper Trt-rAnh;lt- -- -:-:..- - ' - Brown, Pleasant Grove1, - - Jris ' Utah County. theTWorse? t tnanr useless cmwm& :b Then Cot-tonwoo- d. . n wearinir awav of doors: tables, chairs, wood work, and all kitchen utensils, by the alcontinual, scTubbing of that which was ready perfectly clean who can account for this, except by the love oi wont ior as owu s lP Higgins, West Jordan, Barbara Moses, agent & cors. Big well-mad- well made, butter- are When bread and i Tl, pre- and lruits sKiiuuuy meats, vegetables . u pared for the table, it must be a depraved appetite;that wouldilong m pies eakejytnd peri:TTIieheltf: oTrrasburgrdestroyed preserves. by. the bombardment 'in IS 70, has been eom- ' Salt Laic County 'Ihen the sewing! The; flounces overlay my skirts, the ruffles overlay my flounces, the trimming of the hedges of all, and the ,.ii0 fliiinfr ovwv inrh nf snace. so that a e and perfectly plain garment would be refreshing, and resting to our tired eyes. See the amount of unnecessary work aone women who strive to attain and mainby tain a reputation for supelative housekeepvirtues, be- ing. Neatness, like all other carneu in vegg The comes avice-wne- , ." ' ; . ar . J. Peetet, has been sentenced to be haiiged......... Stokes has been convicted of manslaughter and sentenced to four years imprisonment arid hard labor. . " ' I ss . ' - --murderer, named Andrew - . thaj;"you,li-thinkyourparlor-.hrighterli- han -- ? -- USELESS WOBK. ; BY G. IV B. I have come to the conclusion that it is a peculiarity of tho feminine mind never to be really happy unless burdened with tasks so numerous as to fill every hour of the day. Else why is there so much superfluous work continually; being done. Take, for instance, patchwork quilts. Many-peop-le innocently suppose that because White counterpanes are per auu premer, paienworK nas iaiicn into disuse, arid is indeed .become one of the lost arts, but I am assure them that in the country it still flourishes Not only are bits of mlterial, left from garments made, cut into minuto fragments and sewed together again in geometrical patterns and wonderous devices, but yards of new material arc used up in tho same way. This Work, together with a great amount of labor and time in the quilting, produces an article as pretty as white-coun,not enmnes which cost but little money, and no time or ' labor before they are ready for use,l, eon-hum- one-ha- lf ed 1 - T 1 j quite-a3arelylQeiejna- -' M , 1 kcn ; 1 - J r . . j j 