WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 14G Written fr the Expoxkst. THE YEAH ,1872. The .Year if stepping out regardless of My long", long distance from my Mountain Homo. .It leaves me in Italia' s ".sunny clime," y; Where verdant foliage, gontle breezes kt s, tide. And balmy zephsrs fan the evening - ' - The Society of the IthWard (Provo,) is The Exponent, I think, is a paper that is in a healthyondition, new members beintr is JAmml to succeed; it "filled" with good a at nearly every meeting. It could added carries witn it counsel, good Ideas saving: influence; family ought to not well be otherwise with' such a President as Mrs. Holden, who delights in the order have it. comi Tooele can of the Kingdom of God, often referring to its I believe our Society other beauties and , grandeur. And she has the pare favorably with that of any settlement, It is now nearly tltree' years assistance of a ."live Bishop," whose ex since we were organized, and. we have beeii ertions aro unceasing in looking after and trying ever since to do our best. We. have providing for the poor.' I have never known excellent meetings. ThtT sisters arc alive his individual interests so pressing that he to their duties, and J believe will accomplish could not sympathize with the bereaved of much srood. - We held our annual ball last his W aril, and accompany them to the last week, to assist, in raising means for the resting placejpfjthc deceased fri ends. JIis Emteratioii Fund: it was ouite a success. presence at our meetings, his counsel and We have room enough to do a very large instructions, are ever cheering and highly amount of good, both at home and abroad; appreciated. So much for Bishop Wm. A. and that God may strengthen and direct us Foliett. Our much esteemed Treasurer, in all our ways is the humble prayer of your Mrs. M. J. Smith, in consequence of. ill ; sisters, health, has not been able to meet with us "" t: a ns.TM it virfiTia,KmTT?rdPrcsil en lblawj ntervet she has exerted herself far for the good of the beyond iiMrrWARimirroNy Seeretaryv Society, A person of less "vim" would and-ever- ' y ' - , . 11 -- The year now passing out, has, in it3 cour30 me In lib'ral portions, meted out to , The wide extremes of deep bereavement, and Munificence in richly flowing stream?, we Which I acknowledge freely ere ' part. AH grateful reminiscences the old, Expiring Year inscribes indelibly wreath d On meni'ry s sa rid tablet, richly ; With choice mementos of the good produced-Of victories truth and justice have achieved . Improvement's progress in the march of mind, And every aid to poor humanity; "While its successor treads upon its heels i j -.-- . -1-.- on: -- her-streng- th- 11 -- Second Warp, S. L. City, T longagoayeyielded iaatlieilie-lalmrio- u position of Treasurer, but jvith energy like En i to u Woman's Exponent: l!j.jL hcs, there is no shrinking while the vital At our meeting on the 2nd of January, spark burns. 1 we were of favored with the presence 1875, TWith Mild love to yoursel f : and :ali i n ter oil r Bishop, Brother Leach, and his Counsel ested in the great caus&of T cm tn nlAfft mv feet UDon the land rcgejiemtion,t:iz: God Son of ors; also sisters Zina P. loung, Elizabeth Where once the Princeof J'eace, the am I truly yours, Was born where once He lived and walk'd and IXQward 'hmTliriiftlia-nCTourTffadwho Jl W Jvimdalt,, Becretary, fI preach'd, dressed faithful4 the tcr Wrard b!e th Belief rebuked and t; exhorting meeting, And prayed, admonished, taught, Society, Provo. ness erood and w;orks. in Our perseverance nuu tucii) tu auanci jucuvu s " And seal his mission of Eternal Love,.. financial a At the Betrenchment meeting in the 8th report gave good showing forlhe -Upon the cross pcured out his precious blood 1'. 18 to A .word motion the year drop Ward, &ilt LakeCity, held Februarya2thf Arose to life triumphant o'er the tomb; "Female" from the name of the Society 1 873, Hrs. Siirah 31. Kimball s:id she was And alter being seen and heard and felt, Ascended up to heaven; and aa He went. was presented, and the vote to sustain the present in tlie interest If Those who stood looking, heard an angel say; ":z was unanimous. proposition a was she had the here it stand men of OallUee, why importiinco ye "hobby," We held another excellent meeting on of having a knowledge of one'sself and the Gazing to heaven? The sej'tame Jems, ichom l'e see ascending in Ufa manner will the Gth of February, at which sister Sarah proper uses of one's powers. Self knowledge v . Again descend:1 Wheeler 'was appointed and unanimously sus- was the first step toward self improvement. tained as President of the Society, in the Science taught that pain was a penalty and Kftch year that passes on, of. sister Nicolona. Oleson, who has been did notbelontr to nature. place one was " If Clips from the thread of time, a portion of . ...... P Its intervening leDgth, and hurries up iaitniui ana energetic in Jier calling, but has peptic, there was a cause for it, either The coming great and grand fulfilment of lately left the AVard. inherited, or through abuse of some of the That strange prediction strange-an- d strangely tnt Jane Bickakd, Secretary. powers. Human lodies were not forlorn, for the most moment'ous That great period disagreeable objects and should not be and is fast II kltef Society, 10th Ward. Event, approximating, subjected to causes that would make them The moving of the waters now, amidst Salt Lake City, Feb. 21, 1873. such. Every correct lesson learned of self, The natieus of the earth, liko deepeaubades madezOTe liettel Of pencil drawings, seem foreshadowing The world's great crisis. At a meeting held November 7th 1872, it beings. "We give ourselves the wounds we was agreed upon by our Society to omit the feel." Health was productive of happiness, Human policy word as Our which was the legitimate pursuit of all "Female,'' suggested. report Grows tremulous; while human governments, comes on thus late account of our to . flesh. aro care With tender Iadies' skirts should not be fastened failing fondly fostering, And feeding with their life's best nourishment, get the understanding that each Society with bands hut the weicrht of their elothini? 3 The seeds of their own dissolution. as desired to report. should be suspended from the shoulders. ' our to Although subscription list your Tight lacing was a sin against humanity. rFr&&c excellent is it rests will paper yet small, U poiaiDg iwna ttif pL;zK nglan4 increase; The natural shape of the human boxly .was a On her broad pedestal, but resting moves'"". are mrmmy ri)leased witlfttThose inter- little" flattened and iiot With vaulting tendencies. The lafi.ed esting letters from Sister E. B. Snow are forced to appear from the pressure it Italia stands in leaning posture from splendid. 3fay God bless, preserve and received by the way in which many ladies The Papal Chair to King Emmanuel-WhilKussia, beckoning to Austria, inspire her to write us many. such.. isjlie dressed. The body should never be clothed in To Germany, or whosoever will; prayer of her faithful sisters. The Society a manner to pre ven t the breath bein g drawn Solicits help to lift the balance here is prospering. Our monthly business in deeply and freely. The breath was the Of Power, now lying just beyond her reach. meetings are moderately attended, and life. When weary and feeling depressed. The wires of destiny are working on, goou leenngs pervade; our hardly aware of what the cause misrlit be. -f- or To consummate eternal purposes, ' "und meetings, testimony, prayer etc., one would often find relief from long, deep And bring results of change, that must precede are much Our V Betrenchment doing good. 'The Second coming of the Sou of Alan; breathing, there being too iittle'oxygen in to been has Society reorganized and our young the system. Professor Bronson, a learned When, unto Him, l'whoe right it is reign,' All human pow'rs and governments will oow. sisters have made a very good beginning. physician;while suffering with consumption, Eliz i K. Sxow. YVe have the. confidence of our Bishop and from which, it was believed, he never could Milan, Italy, Dec , 31, 1872. his counselors who are well pleased with our recover, iiaa gamea a while, exert ioas. Our Presidents has been very watching" a djTing cliild, mought wiiich was the F. B. SOCIETY BEPOBTS7 sick but is now better. . means of his restoration to health. He saw success attend the May Extoxext and that the" child's breath grew shorter and Tooele City, Feb. 10th, 18 73. may it go faithfully and steadily onward. shorter as death approached it, and saw also """" Bear Editor: Be.vpectfully yours, that if the child could only continue to Sarah Stkoxg, President. breath, it could live. He thought, then, According to request, I write to inform you that as. h society we unanimously agreed, that ho would not cease to breath; and some time ago, to drop the word "I'emale," he would go into the open air and draw long, from our appellation. I think it was a very Eptior Woman's Exponent: breaths for some time; and that simple sensible move of Sister Snow's, I feel that I owe you an apology for neg- - deep remedy cured him. Professor Fowler had We feci, as a branch of the Belief Society, lecting to forward our mutual approbation in also told of once being so completely exthankful that wTe have sisters to lead us w ho regard-t"Female.?' as hausted that he felt it an impossibility for. dropping possess the Spirit of God and are able to give H is considered superfluous in connection him to fulfill an engagement to lecture. us meat in due season. with the. name of the Society. He threw himself upon the bed and began 1 . fioadJiyeMYfiar,: We both are moving You, to the cloisterof thljiTPM?L yet unborn, aviin it to the future of Palestine, , land farfnmed the to I, Which h&sabist'ry of the past, that bears With a momentou3 and eternal weight," Of destiny to all of hutean kind, Upon the future which the passing years With hurried tread eie long will introduce. Withhold, magnificent dfcvelepmeats. -- -- - ' - . -- ; . 1 . " hysiology ' ' -- d-s- A -- ' 1 -- . - 1 i - , , I -- , ' -- e ' semi-month- ly -- ' o the-.-wor- d - - CJ 