7 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. lSt) For the ExrosixT. ' , TO ERNEST My ownthesfi lAUbter?l0vicgdaj?, whose feet. it. were advised arid: solicited to do so fever, quite a number have 'diod from its th&Lstsix months. The subject of writing, was introduced, and some twenty tike Tact illustrated 'that practice and cultiva to the Exponent; .Wishing success effects, - tion i n composiUouvould.i)iQy(Lli.natItra&, Respectfully, Should zailv trio to sunshine's merry hrn, , of Mas. P. Benson, Secretary. the and with many genius existed "Whose golden eyes should wake with smiles so sweet, talent Till raptured eve from rosy, dewy morn. daughters of Zion. Sympathy and approand dim clouds with obscured all io Are gray, bation .were expressed in relation to the This comes from Bountiful, May 2d, 1873: "Whosrdan and trailing: robes and falling tears 01 women course beiner bv the pursued all my lonely way, So been dilatory in' forwarding Faith and prayer aHaving of thiarather Lowell, Massaehussets. That hours seem surely length'ning into years. Branch of the Relief Society, report over-shado- w were spoken of as safe guards against we will now endeavor to be as brief as pos- auxiliaries and and sin, requisite temptation The Society was organized in 1 868, elors,- - as ; overhead The eilv'ry tinkle of (So like the patter cf fairy leet in dreams. ram-cymba- . ls t Which o'er "While on the Fill3 my rant When hand in'hand. we wandered forth afar. When only etari smiled out to give us light, But '"'benedictions ". ".- ... - , - - 1 bjaMedpsTjBiyjter. ':,' - , .' " ' Where noye saw save His who reigns above, In the hush and silence of that holy hour, Apart insoHi from al else living, jbove, Where God in Nature reisrned in peace and power, We lowly bowed before th' Eternal throne (But one in spirit, though two hands were joined) And purely, truely, you confessed vour own True love and humbly sought the gift of mine. . You plead for guidance for. our trbubl edsoul sr: O'er our coming lives a Father's kindly ewe, And that when dread temptation darkly rolls, Our steadfast faith might keep eur purpose fair, r The pur? petition fell like summer ?ain Upon the thirsfy fields wh'n parched and gray; And doubts and fears that on my soul had Isin ; Like cliffi of terror, melted soft away. The waves of dread and trouble in my breast Fell gently, 'neath that holy trusting prayer Like some tired infant to its evening rest, And Peace s pread over me her pinions fair. Our souls were mingled then for evermore, Like twin rills meeting in the mighty sea - And still as one we'll seek the shining shore Of that fair life we calj Eternity. . . - - : Co-operat- . ive . ' - " Lu Dalton. Report from Proyo: The sisters in the Belief Society are faithful in the discharge of their duties, and many of them impart of their substance until I almost think the receiver fares better than the giver. Our meetings a re 2; not so well attended as I could wish but the "taithful few" seem to possess a good spirit and enjoy our communion together. I believe the Relief Societies have had a great influence in uniting tho hearts of the sisters and of doing away, in some degree, with that which has been too much in the midst of the Saints. We have invested in institutions where we have a 'small Jbujtpefualr benefit in- - dividends; bur in consequence of the many poor in our ward we have not been able as yet to build a house but hopo to do so in time. " Itepectfully yours, Huia A. IIolden, President. 4 th' Ward -- ex-clusiven- ess ve $56-1:19:- ' B. S. BEPOKTS. Co-operati- ; ." ; . President, Sessions Lucinda and Jane Crosby. Mary W. Smith, E. Howard and S. M. Kimball, Corand Carter Mary Secretary Mrs. Nancy Kennedy, Mrs, Leaver and Mrs. Counselors; delia Carter, Treasurer. During the live V : Eleanor J. Pratt. years the Society lias been Organized we "MedicinelLwas chosen as a subject for have in merchan in cash the next meeting. Meetingadjourned; dis- - dise, received 1 r3 1 8 :09 . to the Disbursed . .ffcfWO.Gn . ... , mis prayer. 'iuu 1 ?f17 mvu1 mugMif, in MS It : rift W M. Maggie Groo,' Secretary.' i pt hp p ttwi thaw - shares in tin store and design building a From the 12th Ward, Salt Lake City, hall for the benefit of the Society, which wo May 8,1873: hayalreadi eonim enced.3WeHteelititr ;isThe:l2tlrWa satisfaction to knbwHhat - weaiw4e-X0-- ized April 20th, 18G8, with Mrs. PriScilla workers with arid lighten the care ; Staines, President, Mrs. Amanda Smith and of bur togetherin brethren, helping to roll forth the Sirs. Ruth SayeraCounselo.irs.30n:Aprn;7thr Icirigdom ofGodJlmdthatit is!vOmans por. 1870, Mrs. Sayers was obliged to resign, on tion to be full of seek out tho -account of ill health, and : Emily - P. oppressed, the poor, charity, the widow and the Young was chosen to fill her place. The imparting to them of her substance Society is in a flourishing condition, although orphan, heart.- - We but few in comparison attend our meetings: 7and Diridirig up the broken The teachers are faithful in visiting on have"agreat interestnn the Exponent--their various' blocks,7 instructing the sisters whrchwerjoice to hear, - . our staters far and near; V Frm and gatheritfg their offerings; and we are Stimulating ev'ry heart, state to that the Ward To press ou nnd bar ft part. happy people of the. have responded liberally to whatever call Elizabeth II. Barlow, President. has been made. In looking oyer the books Mary Carter, Secretary. I see that the disbursements for the poor and other charitable purposes were for 1868, in From Marriottsville. near Otrden: The for for 18G0, $354:45; merchandise, $184:98; Relief Society of Lynn and Marriottsville 1870, $232:82: "for 1871, $370:05; and for was organized April 21st, 1870. Since that 1872, $399:25; with a bakmce on hand of time it has disbursed to the poor of the two $105:55; making in all of cash and merchan- settlements,, $103:30; to the Emigration; dise, $1,047:10. At a meeting held in the Fond, $100; has also assisted in building the Ward school house, May 1 st, 1873,. Counselor Mrs, Ladies' Store in Ogden, City, donated to the Amanda Smith made a motion that we drop the Marriottsville School, has at present-tw- o Sunday word "Female' from the name of our Society, in shares (ten dollars) in the Ladies' Store accordance with the views of our beloved Sister. and $30 in the Treasury. On the 21st and Miss E, R. Snow. Also that a report of the finan 22d ult., we celebrated the anniversary of cial state of our Society be made out and forwarded our organization; ''held meetings both days, to the Exponent for publication: both of which well attended and favored with the preswere carried unanimously. Our meetinga are held ence and kind,5 cheering: instructions of ' the first Thursday of every month at 2. p. m. our brethren; after which, we concluded : Mrs. Priscilla Staines, Pres. the little season of social enjoyment with a Amanda Smith, .) ' "party' at tvhich good order and harmony ; : - EMILTpUN((rS II. A. prevaifedWtf imously to adopt the change of name for the Society, omitting the word "Female." We Hardy, Secretary. Sophia L. Hardy, Treasurer. it admire and hio'hlv apnreciate the "Woman's We are favored with the following from Spring Exponent" and desism doinj? all we can in Our was City, Sanpete County: Society organized sustaining that arid every srood cause. The 'following is a brief synopsis of the May 10th,18G8,with Mrs. Mary Ann Ilvde.President: Ann Bickington, President: minutes ot the &7tn meeting ol the Senior Mrs. Elizabeth Allred, first Counselor, Mrs. Ann Lydia Gates,- rCounseloM. and Junior Retrenchment As- - Larson, second Counselor, Mrs. Phil india Benson; Nancy Tracy sociation ol fcait laKo city, Jiem May lUth, Secretair and Mrs. Marv Ann Frahtzen TrMsnrpr. 1, C. Secretary; 1873, at the 14th Ward Assembly Room3. Having suffered by Indian depredations, as well as Alter singing and prayer, minutes of the by being sorely scourged by the ravages of grass- - Agnes Goulding, for a number of years I a previous-meeting not matron of the home for discharged female acceptea; hoppers, and being a small settlement,-we-haminutes of meetings held in the 9th, 10 and accomplished as much as some others under more prisoners at Dedham, has been appointed 1 1th W ards were also read . - The; spirit Of favorable circumstances. We have at present $125 matron of the Clark Institution for deaf the meeting was to impress upon the minds m the store; in the treasury $70; mutes, at Northampton, and enters upon her of tho sisters theimportanee of each one some: gram and other articles; besides a goodly duties in June. 'seeking diligently to carry out the com portion of building; material towards building a , ' Carrie N. Forsythe, of Chicago, daughter mandments of tho Lord, as given iriwords house." We have donated to the poor at home, of Charles S. Forsythe of 'Illinois, deceased, of counsel and instruction by President emigration and other public calls, during the last has brought suit in the Circuit Court, were admonished ms not Young. fcib2:27. account Brigham of all against the National Life Insurance Company They, is year, ,a lull io take interest m saving tneir paper rags that has been donei for some accounts have been of Chicago, placinsr Her damacres at $6,000. . and jointly assisting in commencing and lost in changing Secretaries The word "Female." I From the bill - filnd . i i t atiiipirs that the maturing the plan suggested by President has been withdrawn from the name of the Society deceased was insured in the "Commercial Young, of making their own books. The by unanimous vote. League" of the company, which guaranteed Exponent .was also spoken of, and the I Our President, Mrs.' Hyde, is a faithful Saint, i an indemnity of $4,006 at least, n i " J hut although sisters were urged to renew their subscrip-- stnvmg to her utmost to carrv out all the duties I nroof of d oath hasT been dulv Kulimittnd and tionsthase who had taken the first volume which devolve upon her. the funds demanded, the company has una those who had never subscribed for We have suffered severplv. fmm h cth mfncrvi in A v enmo . ihn Co-operati- ve Parry, -- Avere-reaa-an- ve - ve I .- -- -- -- - - M , -- r mf 