WOMAN'S EXPONENT, WHAT NOT. then the cost of supporting it wife, and concluded they could not marry. Besides, it was disgust- - HOME AFFAIRS. it. 1 1 Sti:l f 1i lt mnnifiufAf a" ,1 1 ) en greenbacks, a country V pox by Handling editor rongratufctes : , enough, Josit Billings says: I luv my phalings. It is these that niake mo feel that I have that touch ov nature in me that makes me brother tew every man living. iFryouyould be Weirwitira : greiitimnd7 leave him witli "a favorable impression of a Jittle mind, leave him-witof fiiyojrable impression t st , i- - you-if"wi- tira ihiinself.---OoIertdg- -. e. iTisnotUhe thing,?nowto wcarthetridar the 8th instPresidentMghanvYqungputt luu neiiti- - m u iiiuiiiier sirougiy . nv.ffnnw.vnfnnf v V nnnn!p , ' I ' - Wsspmlilpil in the UtUlltt ' w .vt- v. fl.a " "Y nn.n TotuiWvin X t. KJ, 11UV1V vpvnfoi that the "V I - - Speaking of the danger of catching small- - ag-ainan- i. t lift "1171 11 them. i ( Mt'l XCf , Westeux editor says that fresh water has tasted strong of sinners since the uni- vursai uciuge, aim inis is vn ne nayors iu .Miss Waiters 'affirms that good husbands :,..: the world like a seiisilde and; prudent Iadyiut7)ii a neat new dress and went straight ahead with its every-da- y work, as though noth tf Sit A tliiitjuHnghpMayHlte TmnsTin T do. r : : - TVIO but they do sometimes while rowns never . v r TT.t'C I Tirr; engraved portraits of President P. Young are, ready and handsomely framed for beings who should be intelligent. It wassugthose who have;sent m clubOttlhhg for them. "gestet'l to itoivarnsnclyoinigladies, through Will, theytplease say how they wish the por- - the Expoxknt, that they would never have chances to marry well until they reformed; but inuts forwanled? r, are Vkkv, wa it m, pleasant sunshine hasd ill used we do not think that any Whose fancies its genial influence through all nature, in and carried away with fashion, ever read tlie ExioXiT;4licrefar around feature present, month an4 the grateful- - earth: ac- vain, unless it might bean encouraging of our knowledge the favi Jpiitlinouher IoYcly to some of the persevering members summer'robes,"and wearing smiles an bright as Ketrenchment Associations, .:f; T.,ib tkAffic of liquor andthe painful results though the cold wet weather of the last month ' icreof' having reached a degree o 'disgraceful had been forgotten, j i l A iwiMUMCATios; irom a young, iauy in as not to be patiently and sileiilly borne by taiichester, England will be founilinVtiie good aiid temperance loving citizehs,lias been ped a prohibition asketlof these present issue of the Exinkxt." Weafe pleast titioned to hear from tour friends in dillerent 'parts of gross and accumulating evils, so mr asjMssioie? i n thisjei ty; and that a maj()rity of tKe'ialHes the AVorhland grat of encouragement from those who wish us well at least, have affixed their names to the pet ill otrr humble efroirfs fo do g(oi aiittjexthd fioiv or AviIHIo so, is cerlSlh, i f the- eagerness - wi tiitwli i cirHu itea- - number-- ha ve becni Truth. m suggesue .. . v . u-.i.-nr , X j. v- ing unusual had happened, and there was no generaLfeel cage over hung in-i- ts of unrestricted in not favor community, ligeht for necessity asking the notice and admiration lhiuor f bednhau night at the top-otnUllcrtIost iikelymauy who have been of friends to increase its good nature and happy found dead in the morning from the ' until , Sclf-SatisfactlO- ;. r tU Ikasures are being taken by Sabbath .Schoil superintendents and teachers, to have, at an early date, a grand Sabbath School Con-cer- t, m thi city, in which several thousand children, it is expected, will Join. A joyous time is anticipated, and well may be; for what music, either in nature or from studied science can be more sweetly rendered than that of children's voices nicely diciplined? Ox TitK evening of the 3rd iiist.; a very s given Ab? in this city; and a like entertainment was held in the 14th WanJ Asssembly Kooms on the evening olthemhrThesemusica are given in the different Wards from time to time for the benefit of the Sabbath Schools, purchase of church organs and other like purposes, and should be liberally patronized, Tiik dkath of the faithful, much K'Specte4 and well belovel Elder in Israel, Joseph rW. yQungr which ington County, Scuthern Utah, on the evening of the 7tli iiist., is the occasion of much and : : ; xK-crr- kcen.reg believe to be as numorous as his acquaintances. grown into ahabitof taking stimulents, it is jas necessary for- - them, almost as food, would feel to condemn the restriction on this izreA test source of al I evil. ; But in after time, it might be impossible for them to siiy how vast the individual good wrought each one of them- by having "the knife with which he was cutting his owirtliroat"' taken out of his poisoned atmosphere created by the human lungs of the sleepers below it.; That was a delicate compliment given by a ragged newsboy to the pretty girl who bought a paper of him. "Poor little follow " said she, "ain't you very cold?" "T was, ma'am, before you passed," he replied. A Yankee grocer, being solicited to con r'" liandi..l..I..::.iii tribute to. the building of a new church, r woman's Voice. : promptly subscribed his name to thc:paper in the following manner: "John Jones (the only place in town where you can get eleven May ;J0th, 187a. pounds of good sugar for one dollar); t wenty- Editor AVomax's ExMxent; The late cyclones or tornadoes in Iowa live cents." and Illinois, with a series of storms preced "What time is it, my dear?" asked a ing them, also, the precarious temperature wife of her husband, Avhom she suspected of the season, and likewise the attempt:at of beingdrunk, but who was doing his best- special legislation against us, remind one of to look sober. lWelI, niy darling, I can't former drivings of the Saints and that by tell ; 'cause you sec, there are two hands on aid i xpec.nu legislation another drive was my watch, and each points to a different an UeipatetJ, and desired.: But justice, though figure, and I don't know which to believe." Geoiigk Selwyn once aftirmed in contlong delayed, must surelv follow; and "the not 1 is end ; f 4 pany that no woman ever wrote a letter yet." of have the valuable without a iostscript. "3Iv next letter shall I your very reading laper, and4is a small token of iiiy, apprecia- - refute youlr said lady G. Selwyn soon . - l:ll-P:c'k-- ' : ; , , ; ttou,4)leaseiiceept the ineloseoVr - .: , our friend, wherein, after ; II. Nonerpcrhaps 'have-felhiestoclviorerileepli than.his aged mohter; who, although her home A new suit has been commenced against has been for some years, with her children in the the Union Pacific Itailraul Company and Cre South, .wasj at the time of the sad wcurrencc; dit Mobilier, by Lucy D. Fisk, executrLx. of visiting among her friends in Cache Valley. James Fisk Jr. Some one makes anil some t about f J one else loses j money axotueu number of the ihjfted - is. Pkfore is. and who jhe wiser issued; 3Iiss Eliza IC: Snow will havFreacheTN or for all? better it her home iu this city, where a warm welcome M. A. P. t her-signitu- stood: P. S. re. "Who is right now. vou or I?" It is no more a sign of a smart boy to be a great reader,- than it is of a str mg man to be a great eater. One may: read too much as well as eat too much, and the brain as well as' the stomacli ho loud! with ..'nmif. - ; Exi-oxex- awaits hori HW lpffnr wliir.li nrw.oi- tn v,l number, will. tLpr, ti; CUV 111 II" tutu tory, during her absence. Yet, our journal .bciusr small, she has, in vritiug for it. been obliged to compress, and st udy revi ty, merely inppingoverinegrouiul; we may, consequently, safely anticipate still further accounts from her generous pen, which will be of a most interesting and instructive character to the women of the Jitter-da-y Saints, after her return home. A lady, of this city, speaks of having overheanl a group of sensible geiitle-ineconiinenting upon the taste displayed and waste indulged in by a portion of the "coming women." They minted over their wages, and -to-hei- - u nruhionri " V 1 acci-tleid- ly n, I is not what you eat, but what you digest that makes you strong. A lazy dyspeptic was bewailing his own :Tni:(jHiXKsi: iiiimigratlon to the Ricifie juliforlimcsoinxLspe on the hitter's hearty appearance. "What do . t I II f i i, encap poce iur uiix, ouiei mumurs do t() mak(, your.self Iook b0 gtroIg aml you apparently, havc; but little show fov enrich- - hcalthy?" inquired the dyspeptic "Live mg themselves in that region. Ihere will on fruit alone ," answered the friend.: "What kind of fruit" "The fruit of industry: and perhaps, but with results I am never troubled with indigestion. doubtfu. TiiUE bravery is sedate and inoffensive; if it refuses to submit to insults, it offers To show how lnuch tlieworking of : raw none; it. begins -- no disputes; enters no affoct-- s usq fulness, some oneT, has less d quarrels; it is above the little A bar of iron, some ambition to be distinguished every the following: worth $5, worked into horse shoes is worth inonient; it bears in silence and replies with :: jsiOroO, made into needles, made into modesty, fearing no enemy and makin .')S 1, and into the hair none; and is as much ashamed of insolence penknife blades, as cowardice. springs of watches, it is worth 2(M),0ti0. - wages-necessaril- . 1 - 1 4 i y -- need-mated- al trouble-arrange- ; 