X WHAT NOT, VLDKU & ('AliKLKSS, No. :17, Kat .Suit TYmpk-Strn- t, Lnko City. and enjoys A max that hoards rieJies. G'nn.VT is the rush for church on Sundays 1; Hflinlin Orgntr - I them notris -t heA ruin Pian.v: M goni A grnt-fn ow t a 500 t h o latestjfasl ions. . ; hridJVVilion Shuttle I.V-liu!win 3fftclinc. When is a lady's hair like news? When an oats thistles. as serious as YfMTin'K donfh nor life is if is found in the morning papers. Vet nothing i s en I ered in lo BAMifiTyouevcr see the Catskill Moun niarriage. - --- --: tains?" "No, sab;.but J have soon 'em kill more thouhtlesslyriTALtE the friendship of hini who stands I T.RN rS I f YOU It I IOM KM mice. by you in a storm; swarm; of insects will "Are you not afraid that whisky Ml get surround von .in sunshine. would ad Ua the. i.udit who want to buy fin i nto your head asked a strnneTTtfmali t u y I t) TV ho humble to suneriors is he saw drinking at the Iwr. "No," said the is nobleness; Parlor and Bed room r et of furniture to call and equals, is11 courtesy: to inT. feriorsr toper, "this liquor's too weak to climb.11 , frv I , 1 m or likeii-fisthar-cjvrr- ios 1 rt-r- .t . v , I ; 1 F f 1 1 j i t ANexchanKenotesthatMnXorthwfestern !ami s -- a : - TOUI1 saieiy; u V" ; X - 1. na oug u ,.tuii,rv uu- I -- - m examine the immense stork kept by Kansas, there r.hrFfi5ur"7.'hleiilo7Qnb: woman." an nor lowiiuess, coiiHiiaiuujui '::' V"4 v : C.-Ix Xew England factories there are often StOOpS t0 II. DINWOODEY, discontent. 31AN of He fo rem e n to one h u nd red women. is victim the , either looks for happiness in his recollections At No. Hillings says: ..There ain't ennything of 31, East Temple Street, a&d No. To, r irit the past, or seeks it in the brilliant visions that will koinpletely kure hi zyn ess, but I South Street. have known a second wife to hurrv it some. which his fahev has created of futu 4 moment he houhl the whereas iscRinm writes ton Western Editor, of for t the fut u re. m en and preparation enjoy 1 don' t. wa n t you r paper any longer. " To AV ATTACK ' v Ji ich 1 h t r AVWiJilii f tt" JCd i tor rel it wwhehirsfralig Has the best, largest and purest stock of ronfee make i t any longer if you did;' its presen t of respect-aia .poor phiiosphert "Irconi fott myself with the reflect ion jthat itjs not tionary in Salt Lake city, Just the length suits me very well." place for ladiea The kindness of lea ving : people al one i nyself that he slights, but my olde and shab to one which d truth, purchase. people find least by hat and cloak, which, to say-thto adoration. So, easy, to practice; and, in truth, the best have no particular claim to fret about it, quiet, and com plot est rest, come with a if my hat and cloak choose HOUSEHOLD. THEASUHIl to me."let but sense it's them, nothing T vhen tlielime is come for them. ; Kind words are the bright flowers of Every Family should havo a Washing Machine; i' ri l'i Aiore r.l ri!i..; iv iiui tisA,reuu " "tiri.f iuer uaii ue news- - 4 earth's existance;theyr make a very pa ra- - nd thera U nmieberj-fa-3 good we - r v-t ; r ; thprteiit ft 1 -- d warm-hearte- A " . truthfuUy consider,: b ving Had experience J a Use them, and especially around working and taken show. in observing feveral kinds, the fire side circled They are jewels beyond as the TLKORAni paint Wshxxo Macdinb, which i price, and more precious to heal the manufactured in this city, and sold by George God- wounded heart and make the w eighed down dard; to whom all ...orders concerning it should be can get." ... spirits more glad than all other blessings the addressed, "P. O. Box 474, Salt Lake City." : .? We take pleasure in recommending this Machine t A ladv, was engaged in domestic, affairs, world can give. to the ladies of Utah, and advise them' to prove its is worth noting that civility has always superiority when some one rang..the street-doo- r bell, by purchasing and using it. r and the servant girl, a Catholic, was bidden had luck as ani ally. There is a story told mpers niakiiUuch a mssd)out?infiuired one darkey of another in the market this momingl . ""Dunno " renlied the other, "but i s'jMJse do. gov'ment buildin' steam-shipand wants credit for more bilers dan dey , - A. f. - Z IIrnestly . - -- s, -- ; . It to say her mistress was not at home. She of some gentleman, who, on a ha ttl efield, and when I con- - happening to bow' with much grace to some answered, Yes, ma' am; I C less to uie priest snail contess as your sin officer who addressed him,7 a cannon liall or mine?" just went through his hair, aiid took off the Di itiNG' an election canvas in Michigan, head of another one. The officer, when he saw his marvelous escape, justly observed a sugeon-dentiwas making an excellent that nian lost nothing by..politeness.l.i. ;.:- .-' i..speeciuine of the in for ior towns; Locke was once asked how he had confellow belonging to the other party interrupted him with the question, "What do trived to accumulate a niind of knowledge you ask to pull a tooth, doctor'? ? "I will so rich, deep and extensive, lie replied, pull all your teeth for a shilling, and your that he attributed what little n knew, to his not having been ashamed to ask for innose gratis," replied the speaker. . A. A 1 1 1 V NEW CLUB RATES. rm j st - -- A-lo- Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the part of the PabHsher?, to Increase the "circulation of the Exponent and aid in promoting the objects contemplated in its publication, by making! it truly an exponent of the view of the women of Ctah, sua'--" tained by them, read by them, and U columns enriched with a widely circulated expression of their thoughts, we offer the following terms to clubs, so as to prepare for increasing the value and importance of the paper with th beginnrag of which a larger subscription list wilt enable us to d 10 copies, 1 year, with a copj to the . . getter. SI3 00 up of the club 15 copies, 1 year, ith a copy to the getter .-. up of the club 00 a copy to the getter 20;opis, up of the club and a framed steel engraving, 12x16 inches, of President Crigham Young, selling price, $2;50 34 00 30 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter upof tha,clubrand a superior first proof, steel engraving, of. President Brigbam Young, handsomely framed, selling . . price $4 48 00 Clubs can be commenced at any tinif ; and additions can be made after the first list of names bas and to the rule hp had adopted, Ix a Conference fleeting on a recent formation, of conversing with all descriptions of men church on those topics, chiefly, that formed their Sunday evening, in.a Congreg-ationa- l Jiot romAVorcester n colored brother o wnie(l ia r profe rose- - to prayr but before- - that exercise he J You cannot subdue selfishness without a in brief indulged preliminary remarks as follows: "Brethren and sisters, it don't do struggle. You cannot restrain pride withYou cannot go through life me a bit of good to hear any of you speak or out a conflict without bearing burdens. But you are pray; I feel as though I must do it for to have help under circumstances that going will redeem you from these things. You Jesu Christ saidrE very tub must stand are going to experience moro victories than iqon its mviri)ottpjn"r defeats "Your sunl)rih Their Hkakts. During the late civil and there little spots in a whole field of war it was considered necessiiry in Cynthi-an- a peace and joyr- i ers at t hat ta keep --a place. One night two of them strayed into the Houac e Greeley remarks as follows Upon church of the colored people just as the. fame and his epitaph in his "Kecollections minister was'- concluding an invitation "to of a Busy life;" Fame is a vapor; popularity been sent. ' ,: any one who was inclined to "come and join an accident; riches take wings, the only Money can be remitted by registered lfelter at the Jhejrhureh earthly, ccrttunty is oblivion- .- And yet: I nsitW oi me puoiisners. e two soldiers got up, walked forward, and cherish the hope that the jonrnal 1 ladies throughout the Territory, especialprojected ly the hope Presidents of Relief Societies presented themselves for admission; where- and .established will live and flourish long will endeavor to and Secretaries and clubs, get up they will conupon the preacher Siul: "Hreddren,dis is after I shall have mouldered into forgotten stitute themselves agents for the that extension of the a cullud church, an' I dunno ax I's circulation f the . a Exponent. dust, any being. guided by larger wisdom, 'tlmrity trtake in white folks.'? "At this a more unerring sagacity to discern the pointful elderly uncle rose in the congrega- right, though not by a more unfaltering Ho W well societ y d rills us ! thn t wt tion, and ejaculated: "Take 'ent in, Hrud-do- r readiness to embrace and defend .it at w hat- meet with such calm impassiveness, in .its Jilson, take 'em in; dar skin? is white, ever personal cost; and that the stone that routine, those w ith whom we have sorrowed, ilat's fact, hnt d ar hearts is jis 'a black as covers my ashes bear to future ages the joyed, loved, and hated, in such different may : oiir'u, stiah." still intelligible inscription: "Founder of scenes". -- "Ouhla." the New York Tribune." " - ( ow, aour-Ioi-dmiivi- our few-sol- -.- - - ' - " " 