, . " ' ' I-- i 17o ;,7 . , ' For the Exroaisnr. A INTEMPERANCE. 7 iy . i i .... s : : " u. J : - -- ; v ,..j ....icv....,-- , ..... .... : - n t. expo t. i "' : -- i 1 . IIOUSEIIOLDTIE AStJBE. " TAYLOR -- ,.v ; yr:j: - V , ( j, " I CUTLER, EAST TEMPLE oV & Every Family should have a Washing Machine; Street, have Splendid Line of LADIES' D HESS and there is none better- -if as good-- we truthfully GOODS, whih will arrive aoout the First ofApril. Ml and earnestly consider, having had experience in gelected by rfr. "f in and kinds, taken fevgral observing working pains aa the Tjcesqbaph Washing Machine, wnich n Ttbis racf. manufactured in this city, and sold by George God- - Tp jURNISII YOUR HOMES. taking; a. dreadful hold IntemjeranceI t ............ --r - ? , won a n ' ;' , . I ,, .v.-:.---,' ( ' J , ... unon sonift of our vounc men. 10 see xne to destruction, is. very, very yoiing;ing mi n ful to those who have the interest of this people at heart. But what can be done? J . . rfflfft? .f I would advise the Ladies who want to buy &n lovers of stbong drink of the, consequence addressedT. O. Box 474, Salt Lake City.1; of giving vay to this fawl appetite; iatal j We Uke pleasure in recommending this Machine Parlor and Sets of furniture lo call and '!" ll' r its to advise to here them to and interest and ladies to the alike of Utah, prove mind, examine the immense stock kept b body Bed-roo- m J and hereafter. ; . j 1 1 7 , " B' superiority by purchasing and using it. , What can a woman say against this in IL :DpWCX)pEYfr: ' At-- K East Temple Street, a&d No. 75, pint short of a sidious disease, Vfor it is nothing : South Street & PATTERSOX3 disease,), when those having authority to I VrtAMPBELL ' r . . Mt WALLACE tea'cli'naviB failed ;to- arouseTther6ungi tora ' Dealers in Book?, Stationery and Newspapers, - sense of their danger? Who cin care for Has the best, largest and purest stock ef confec the confirmed inebriate? ' Isr he not a hiss, East Temple St. Salt Lake Gity, Utah. to both x)Id and young, to tionary ip, Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies and a Orders from the country solicited. 0.-31- . g . by-wor- : d, Sthe;Mse; andiheiibol ishgtohetreligipus sLiWralidiscouiit to school Libraries. Sunday and even the wickedi General Agents for WM Eiponint. f wavs? Who can trust a drunkard? It looks as though, the .fathers of , our young men are much to Llame; ithose whq set the Z. example by sometimeagetting drunk which is worse than habitual druhkennes Young; Retail Buy tfooDS Department. men often appear to think it is somethin to laugh at. They try it once, twice thrice, and so on tilfIhexlemoi "riairlyn tersahd is To meet tbdemand of an( Iseld6mif ever " dislodged. The "beastly habit bedomes a 'deadlv Unas tree; blasting have added an essential addition to our every good principle and virtue in them, sinKing tnem Deneatn tneievei oi tne Druie R O O 31, T jj j creauon. iilis saa to see menwno migui- jlkj ' rrr Irn Mtilnn f hntnonl y c w lAnrn nnH lTlJiv whprfiin tho most economical buver can bo suited, ivxvo omiuug ci.uiu in such degradation; but who can stay them? v. i's CM,!. iDcreaaing-busInos-- we : j . - rm 1 1 I voi to purch.asCIiESSi7II . WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Tho women of Utah a position which occupy : men ana fcuoaifcounon women eycryhpre.l They are engaged In ft'epricV" ttcal solution of some W Vtie greatest social and moral I proc lems. of the age, and & powerful interest ia manT- -. fested throughout the United States, iahd: it miy be said, the entire civilized world to Teafni from 'reliaofe auuiuca buo views uunvsuy emenamea Dy mem oh these questions. They have ben grossly misiepresented through .ttttiauijs to-da- y i .i .lit i in 01 inieiiigent minKing . 511 : I if... witvbnt limits mtv tn . . rkk hf mkliir?i!nV.na TnifVJi - W-- m .rZ-Xi- L -- t, in: iusournignesiamDuon nimi . .. to no DurrK)sei f tells ithenl the! eonseouence. . i.V ' in countrywomen reply. yet still they go' on reckless. of every thimg. JaLd purchasers, and to display our varied fabrics Who are so wen able to ppeak for the women of Every effort to rechim seems lost on the Utah as tho women of Utah themselves ?"' i It is bet inebriate. Anger, tears, or prayers, all, all regardless of purchase. ter to represent ourselves than V be misrepresented ' : l"1 " VJ DyothWsl" '! T of a randemoniuuv f t Standing, before it one This department aims iov suit the demands of all - For these reasons, and that women may belp each can imagine the effects of, strong, drink. other by the dUTnsion of knowledge abI inforinktlon m urunKaras toeir madness miglit have whether in poss'essedNbymanyafif'su been taken by the artist for his model, the tion of WoiciN'8 ErpokxK&T,ra jou?nalr owttedl by, I If V."JiI XUA til. U Will likeness , is so terribly striking. Strong .' A.ft.AllAyl V DOilESTIO OR FANCY DRESS GOODS, Vuuuvuou Ut!Il UlUlca, ujr uuubuimju ' ' . drink 13 like a serpent: it fascinates its commenced. The aim of this 'journal will be to discuss1 every victims, throws its folds Tarouhothem; fold by lhe yrd or pg. wieuuour various vuuuuiw JV1U , fill mcA ml himAFnf iKaIf follnw , - ; . T : , 1 TTi-t- ; UVUS j- trusueu upwi iuiu, uii 111 11, iias cuuipieiuiy ' and them leaves 'a them, shapeless mass, " loathsome to behold Kind mother.-'Eartopens her pitying bosdni to receive : the ".wreck intemperance lias laid- low,'" she is his last and only friend, for no one,' however near by: nature's ties, can real the drunkard when he is bril the : earth iio I ;. ;1 11 more,.., Not alone in strong, drink is1 intemperance fatal. It is destructive ' in f every form, especMly in dress Here At 1 attackslthe It H. B. CIuVWSON, Sup't J h 1 NEW CLUB RATES. d -- - - , J Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the partof tbe publishers, to increase the circulation of tbexjroiisliT and aid ia promotin theobjects con templated In its publication, by making it truly ari exponent of the views of the women of Utah, sus tained by. them, read by them, and its columns enrichO'iwiUi a widely circulated expression of their thoughts, we oner ibe following terms to clubs, so as to prepare for increasing the value and importance of th'e paper with the beginning of the. next volume, whieb a Urger subscription list will enable us to do 10 copies, 1 year, with acopy to the getter -- young girl, ever cryingigive, give VM$ Intemperance in dress has filled more brothels than any other passion has caused more desolate homes than any other female vice. Girls, beware of this passion; indulged in, it is as fatal as strong drink; it has;.driven kind fathers and ; husjjahds to; ruin, shame ;ufof the?lnb - ; f 18 00 ;and death. Sjudy.tp dres,well, but never 15 copie?, 1 year, Tdith a copy to the gutter : : -- :. 26 00 beyond your means. , A cafico dress may be - up f the club a copy to the getter made as graceful as one of satin or velvet; 20 copied 1 year, ' steel engrav-inc- r. a and framed club the of it is not the cost of the material but' the up 12x16 inch??, of President Brigham 34 00 good ness o f th e Wj6a rer,T t hat i na k es; ad ress Toungi jselHogVpriee, 2 CO , ; : . ":;;"-T-;:'-- ; beaiitifui. lilany ivili dress, cosily yet never Love of money is oflen without oiie spark of generosity, and like the prison whose walls closed by. mechanism, it slowly and silently crushes out every thing that is noble or beautiful in the soul of its victims, leaving nothing but dust and ashes. f '! What a vast field intemperance covers! is the jRrst and l;u;t. cause of sinj misery ";It; Oh J beware of and deathr "Beware, ' "' r ' " intem-peranc- e! :- J v r Mary; m0 copie?,".! t ear," with a copy to the getter ' ; . " upof ihe club, and a superior fir?tj proof, A ugraving of President Brigham Youn; handsomely framed, selling - ; 43 00 , price $4 Clubvcan be commenced at any time; and additions can be made after the first list of names has been sent. llonpy can be remitted by registered letter at the risk of the publishers. r . We hope ladies throughout the Territory, especial- ly the Presidents and Secretaries of Relief Societiea' will endeavor to get up clubs, and that they will con- stitute themselves agents for tho extension of the circulation af the Exrojsrcrr. fctoel . . will subject interesting und valuable to women. contain a brief and graphic summary of current news ' local andgeneral, household! hJnts,4edueatidnai" matters, articles on health and drew, ! correspondence, editorials on leading topics of interest euitaVle' to its columns and miscellaneous readings ' .'. ,s V" will to aim defend the right, inculcate sound It and disseminate useful knowledge. ;i ; m principles, Utah, in its Female Relief Societies, has the best organized benevolent institution of ihe ageTT6 but" little is known of the 'labors of these Societies. In Wo mam's Eipohxnt a; departmeiit will be devoted to reports of their meetings and other matters of interest connected with their workings ; and to thb end the Presidents and Secretaries of the Various Societies throughout the Territory are re-will receive quested to furnish communications which ' ' .' ' due attention. Miss Eliza R Snow, President of Ihe entire Female Belief Societies, cordially approves' of the" journal. and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from "'iu iu her numerous duties.1 V ?l Woman's Exponent will be published semi monthly, each number containing eight pages, quarto. "TheJonbwwg Jow Tatea: will placeTlt within the reach of all, and the . hope is that it may be made so valuable that it will be found in everv Vamilv'in Mi j Utah. ' self-sacrifici- ng " "J TERMS, StricUy in Adyancb: ' v 1 Cow six month. iiOO Copy one year. ti.no 10 Copies one year, 18.00 10 Copiea six months, tf.00 1 , No subscription received for less than six months. It is earnestly desired that the Bishops, President of Female Relief Societies and others interested in a wort .f kind, will interest themselves in getUng n cluD8; ten copies for the price of nine, ; Address all communications ' and subscriptions, Publishers Womab's EirOKiarT, .Salt Lake - - City, : . Utah. - : ti 