i. " '" j' ' iHMlJlllllMIIIMIIl'l t "iMI l' "'" Tiili'illll' l" II I Vll III Jim ; Vol. HI llT lllll lllll l III lilH II j si ; 1. Uta HALT LAKE ('ITV, KDlTOItlAliKOTKS. KKlJllUAltY V1S7.J. 1 7 Xo. IS. " " ' times. Thus changes come, and the vision I Arts?.- - We have no desire to perpetrate a of the prophet who saw the rushing of pun over the lalter, aiinougu nunioeib oi theiiL are mistressesof l tiuita a mi atlMitZot "swiit beasts of burd(n'? will be veriheti. does seem small, business for : TiiE FiiAXKixd privilege has been learnedlntandit ponderous bodies, like Harvard, . abolished, to take eflect on July 1st: 1871 : to concede and simple rights of all and the, iost oftice estimates' have been creatures to cultivate trie inieueci re(luced u -- million and a ludf of dollars (Jod's ami tMpiallylto share honors justjy won already. This Is all Very well, as far as it in such fashion. iiece-meview of some other existing goes, but-- in 1 nv Tifi: Ith and loth of the pre-e" facts, it Is like stoppii the waste 'at. the trnoiitJiiluSIoHte j&pigotrwiiile-the-bung-hole- r is oikMrr and Washington Territory, are to Mii. Oijlgett, the Montana candidate in Oregon uuh in convention, for the purpose of elfcit 1 Congress, sunl a short ti me ago that lu ing a iH'rmanent organization, encouraging Monnons ara(le(l tlie rsauvpo i egion in ine the formation of Auxiliary eouuty brganiza-tionhis i eneml election streets of Siilt and generally adopting such measures :f in this Territory, and iuventd peojle asiiiayjKuleeiiiwlJ Tbti ng.Mrfl looped; (tetegateT; lroii lltaii; the agitation looking to securing .the ' aiding as for women. The movement, ha very properly denounced th e s tat emen t suffrage Ci Salt'Lake ty made much progress in Oregon, through the false, and everjr resident of is the This deletraie. ITtah will sustain the iffiptirif.ArRUDirtuvavMitori)tlhCLiXcY sort of "fiifdrmatTon concerning Utah" whlcli wvi, Vow V niihl islu'd at Portland. In- I JfUltll n,rw. ...of for tli" West is far in ineii TiKeUrf Oaffettr furnish toU)nrress. .... j A & 1 . J u i BKinvi x vest i xii commi ttees are uatj the prevailing fashion in jol it ieid circles. Tin: New Vokk "Herald" writes it "Disr, creditable Mobilier" instead of Credit and 'the "Herald" is corretr PostoX li i uoicKiIii thirt days of unlately as an eviinterrupted sleigh-ridin- g dence of the equability and severity of its Mo-bilie- ysL tcvr.- vi n ter-t-lim- a -- - z newspapers lmd their birth in one week, in the United States, this present yea rpmi th irteen -- journalist ieven-ture- s calne to an untimely end "Jjhchu. space of time. T)v of fTipliiiost hoFribTe things lately rela ted, in an. a ge o f w rrors, i s 1 iat on a trial for murder in St. Louis, the heart of Fohtv-oxi- ; 1 1 1 ieiVQina.ilin OTderedjwasl takeiit o th e. juryirom ''anttlioviOoJhejurj:. Tn.iAX ITawtiiouxk, ?oiiof Nathaniel Hawthorne, the, 'American novelistV shows oTlT 1 author : ' novel for whichVitTis-saidrilrcrTple- toii lmveiKud him $3,000 in mainiscriptr 7: , 3fontana Thf dec vnixb delegates from and Idaho, Clagett ami 3terri 1 1, who failed t Congress, signalized their to be last hours in Congress by emulating each other in the bitterness of their.: attacks. on ed re-elect- rtah. , ,: "... : Tin: most severe weather ever V-:.- ; expen-...w.o- .i in ihi United States occurred in linnesota on the KUh, Hth and loth of Januarv last. Dr. Kane on his l'oiar is said, only once met with such an awful storm. Vku: Vnnic lontinues agitated over the question of hanging some of its murderers. There are over twenty of them in the Tombs prison, but "a life for a life" appears tube a law which New York sentimentality cannot well stomaeh. in Boston to have It is now proposed iron- young women instructed in washing, :ing,icGQking, housekeeping; but there is abe; possibility strangled that so sensible an idea wilt to d change strong-mindeattempt by some a i61itical its character into something of expe-dition- ,it . . nature. ; " s; mi-I- I the-pl'ai- n , -- al nt ' -- hus-km- l -- s, JkCi ; . - , A-- While the cii-fAfi?nn- Z case of .J.liUtnXfeUSUto iisiiTniuiup ;in.l... was xestigation, he being charged twithtbuyjn his way to the Senate by bribing the members of the Kansas leLMslature: United States Senator Pomeroy, of the same State, sought to secure his by similar corrupt means, was exiKsed, arrested, and placed u nder heavy i bonds to stand Jiistr ial for t he crime: "And these hien filiV the. place of mighty patriots of the past! .'. Z j , ti i 7 What witie Credit Mobiiier investigations, irobing other charges of bribery, inquiring info the purchase of seats, in the United States Senate, and similar proceedings in Washington, Congress, for some re-electi- on " . uul t o a irousiderahie weekspliaj political soiled linen;. the, stench from: which 1 fhft i. western f ......j nf reforms. Territory, was the rm1Ir Wvoming, a was aufirst place, where woman-suffrag- e thorized by law; .Utah, another western the Territory, came next; and they are yet women only portions of the Bepublie where the enjoy the right of the kill ot. Then, too, West has three women's papers, the "Xew North West," of Portland, Oregon; the "Pioneer," of San Francisco, California; and the Woman's Exponent, of Salt Lake City, than Utah, all flourishing; which is more the East ean ItetAKeAVjGnglaw should evidently falling in the rear, and ;V; look to it. l , i aw. isi Ati vE JOKixti onietimesueconieii- ; -- The Nevada legislature, it is has under consideration a bill is very offensive to tin public nostril: at s lidrjust now, what are called "Peter Funk calculated not. prohibiting is its and appearance home, nr lectures bv "dead beats " as ijw.4t.wta our moral for to increase respect purir the western phrase expressively nas n, aim to pmiish newsier reporters for One of the most terrible asiieets )f the proposing tliem: TiiiFisa legislative joke; :t"palhngM Sr C -- important. chi. .ivei-n- innsW d fact i clear, not only does t a nern he South Ca roli x., y law, allows contain nieu susceptible bel i yn States United a with the licks "three wife huge a his to strike ge of that switch," asii-hulto without being liable punishment. If Utah had a law so barbarous on its statute book, what a howlwould be raised concerning it, ilr Tia PYifllel lulled' it would try and "and HUy to; but why so silent concerning Will J wj lermoi but tneir seryit respectable society, that joke, and so passed a bill nullify of halls legisthe from transferred be should Mn. Jacxii: 'IJukuit has introduced mio repealing the act which granted tncsuumg of the penitentiary. cells to the to w Iation bill Commons of the British House '1 remove the electoral disabilities of women. PnH'n'ssive as the American people are, suffrage there is everv prospect that woman becomes it will be reached in England UKI not comer uir uuiuc now States. United in the fact it was discussed with much in general joke: who 'those vote t to university degrees., iane m 1J. or A. seriousness, several-leadinwomen, who arc property owners, am lead- equal A. to write able be not will succeed as attentive and at vestry meeting awl. in .mf of the citv present able being be will biit their they M. after namerf, l.ui Hip bill i Kissed, and was .. ing towns in municipal elections. . . ;is to to djs-jas won collegiate high say they have :xV The solemnity of ancient Palestine if Indies approved y ac t i n'g governor Mann ; and Aye but far' railroad of ltllll 'II be awakened by the shrill scream h on rs mid a half from oi inemoM 11 i now measure had hissed in the midst w can or or ny Master of iney Arts, rts, place f laughter. JatHi to Jerusalehi" will take-th- e ilarious bursts dubbed be earner Spinster of Arts and Mistress of ot ..... g I i , Stateesjt U-for- ID e Ien g- inter-w..i,.fn- K 7nl -- . the slow-movin- quadrupeds ... I 1 ' - i l 