W OMAN'S 80 ADIES WOMAfr'S AIMS. - "Our aims have befcn too low we; must v E X PON E N T. ! Go to Taylor & Cutler's for Dress Goods, No tions, etc., Also the Cheapest Store for Family Gro : ceries in town. Call and see. " Improve them." "incen- It is argrued by- some that we need i ,tives. We need our eyes openeai anu uur WALLACE comus to make understandings quickened Has the best, largest and purest stock of confec prehend the Incentives which we have al ways had, to induce us to educate ourselves. tionary in;5alL,Lake city. Just the place for ladies Should not the knowledge that by; so doing to ' purchase. , we not only benefit ourselves, but improve society and expand and elevate the nature QAMPBELL & PATTERSON, of future geherati6ns7bea rsufficieut-indt- e-j ea,lers in Books, Stationery and. Newspapers, ment to energy and perseverance roo many gay, uiuuguucsa juuug uumw., East Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah. who have abundance of time and talent, Orders from the country solicited. were they but properly applied, to make of Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. themselves some of the brightest ornaments General Agents for Woman's Exponint. of society, give their attention to nothing but fashionable nonsense and vanity, Aiany W. IL GROVES, a superb form and lovely face seem to be JjB. considered by their possessor tcThave been DENTIST, bestowed upon her lor no oiner purpose man Offico Second South Street Three doors west of for. making conquests and gaining a good Great Western Hotel, half a block east of Elephant TT match. Many a fine, sweet voice exerts its Store,- Salt Lake City. power oniy ior mo aurucuun yi u bvi ui admirers" and flatterers. TirmxTTriTT rArrn ' - trifling, OI worthlpss What have our mothers been "about! "Why fuiuxwii iuutt-nui- i. ttai have we not been taugh t to couple goodness I would advise the Ladies who want to buy fine and intelligence with all these beautiful Parlor and Sets of furniture to call gifts, these priceless endowments with which God has blessed us, that the influence and examine the immense stock kept by power we hold might be something worth! II. DINWOODEY, - , WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - rj , ' The women of Utah occupy a position which attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and women everywhere. They are engaged in the practical solution of some of the greatest social and moral: problems of the age, and a powerful interest is manifested throughout the United States, and, it may be said, the entire civilized world, to learn from reliable sources the views Jhoncstly entertained ,by themo these questions. to-d- ay -- . I . Bed-roo- At No. 31, East Temple Street, and No. cies in dress and indolence, and yet exclaim South Street lOTersindulgeandzTencourage-ineonsiste- against them and against women as their inventors! Why do they not lift us up, or rather allow us to climb for ourselves? for it is quite impossible for them to teach us "" mnu, yuuiu migiuMauu , , castle-DUiiain- g. sister Hannah is Caldwell County, North Carolina. DANTEirBoon years old. Z. C M. I. .Retail Dry HOMEMADE FAMILY MEDICINES r The aim of this journal will be to discuss every be Better than the Best Im- - subject interesting and valuable to women. It will contain a brief and graphic summary of current news ported, and Give Ample Satisfaction. BONES ET PILLS. Purely vegetable. They cleanse and purify the blood, stomach and bowels. kid nd i,rinrv Act rjowerfullv unon the Break organs. up fevers, strengthen digestion and the hue of health to face emaciated. Are bring rosy tonic, cathartic, stimulant, and soothe, by removing the cause of disease. Are safe and harmless in all 7 cases where cathartics are required, for either sex, for in living young or old. Try them fairly, and you will never She is 80 use any more imported pills. Price 25 cents. - ?0T these reasons, nod that women may help each other by the dmusion ot knowledge and information possessedby many and suitable to all, the publica-- j tion of Woman's Exponent, a journal owned by, controlled by and edited . by Utah ladies, has been commenced. P First JOHNSON'S wamintcdlo seeking to decoy us back into the old chan nel of idleness and ignorance, by flattering vanity and encouraging useless pastime. Were there no future .upon which to base our aims, the satisfaction there istobefound in deep thought and earnest study, in gain- ing Wisdom and cultivating intelligence, is for greater than any enjoyment realized in 75, by others!'1 j uu. ciiper uauu vuCu Who are so well able to speak for the women of Utah as the women of Utah themselves? " It is better to represent ourselves than to be misrepresented m "WhyTu7fathers, brothersr"husbandsand n- air TJjjhave the press, by active enemies who permit no opportunity to pass of maligning and slandering them ; and with but limited opportunity of appealing to the in telligence and candor of their fellow countrymen and countrywomen in reply. r t - LADIES JOUKNAL. A UTAH 1: I I local and general, household hints, educational matters, articles on health and drcsv correspondence, editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its columns and miscellaneous reading. the right, inculcate Bound and disseminate useful knowledge. principles, -- ,It"wilLaim-todefend Utah, in its Female Belief Societies, has the best organized benevolent institution of the age ; ye V but laDors or inese llttle 18 icnown 01 ine Societies. In Woman's Exponent department wm oe aevotea to reports or ineir meetings ana otner I matters of interest connected with their workings ; J inflamed drooping eyelids, eyes, old ulcers, sores, and to this'end the Presidents and Secretaries of he or cracked sore lips, hands, etc I various Societies throughout the Territory are re-tetters, ringworm, 25 cents. Price quested to furnish communications which will receive sen-sacrinci- ng ,. COUKLIN SALVE. For pains or weakness in due attention. Miss Eliza B Snow, President of the entire Female the side, back, breast, jor other parta of Jhe system, Belief Societies, cordially approves of the journal, cuts, wounds, sores, etc. . Price 25 cents. and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from We are constantly in the receipt of all Seasonable, 1 ESSENCE OF ' Goods Depabtment. LIFE cures cholera, diarrhea, her numerous duties. Fashienable, Dress Goods, Suitable for the great va riety of our Patrons. "We continue- - to manufacture the Celebrated SALT LAKE GLOVES. summer complaints, coughs, cholics, toothache, and many other ills. Price 50 cents. Woman's Exponent will be published 78emi monthly, each number containing eight pages, quarto. These medicines are for sale, wholesale and retail, at The following low rates will place it withra the of all, and the hope is that it may be made so reach 1 ZION'SiCO-OPEBATIV- E BRUa STOBE, valuable that it will bo found ' in every family la ' ' Salt-Lakstores tJUh. City, and at most of th e - e ive throughout the Territory. I If not kept in your stores, ask your merchants to ' ' : send for them. stores throughout the Territory fur-mshed on commission, or sold at rates advantageous . Co-operat- ive Children's Hosiery, Shoes, and Gloves, a specialty. While we carry a fine stock of the elegant fabrics -- ,t, 1 10 7" TERMS, Strictly in Adranco : Copy one year, Copies one year, $2.00 18.00 . I Copy six months. - 81.00 10 Copies six months, 00 . -- No subscription received for less than six months. It is earnestly desired that the Bishops, Presidents : I . , . v cmaio xveaei oucieuea ana, otners interestea in a work of this kind, will interest themselves in getting up clubs; ten copies for the price of nine, . i ...... AGENTS are authorized to refund the monev where the medicines do nnt KflfJtfoMr. distribute to the poor needing the pills at expense of Address - all communications and subscriptions, the proprietor of amount, disposed of. Publishers Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City, t-'"Utah."From the a of the day, yet the grand sUples, such as Domestics, Checks Stripes, Uenims, etc., are offered at the low- - one-twelf- th --tt-- Laboratory of est possible figure. II. B. CLAWSON, Sup't, J. E. JOIIKSON, St. George, Utah. 1 