AV OMAN'S EX? ON EN T, 4: was so conferred upon the women of Ltah and is a mistake which avo wish to correct. There was consequently valluTllTelrl iiiocmtmuedjarticles intheExroNi practically recognize that which they had so subscriptions can begin at any time. Those violently denied and disputed. At the general M ho subscribe will receive the paper for the term for which they pay, whether six .'months election, on the 5th inst., the candidate, nut by these same individuals was voted for or a year, commencing with the number which by the ladies who would not support the Peo- they first receive. The only continued article ple's ticket; and thus quietly but pointedly they yet published was the history of the first orgaiw ization of the Female Ilcl ief society in Nauvoo, acknowledged a right they could no longer gainSister Eli za 11. Snow, which appeared in say. But what shall be thought of men who, by the first and second numbers; and this, as we knowingly, refuse to recognize every right to we ' nave oenre stateii. it is me intention to re 4 ntVi iliotf rloi tyi in DYivlcn f limn al sa and yet talk of their respect for republican gov publish at an early day, that those whoididno eminent and the glorious principles enunciated receive the numbers in which it appeared may be enabled to obtain it. The rapid increase in in the Declaration of Independence! Their "the Exponent is most gratifyis on a par with circulation of political honesty of y the "philanthropy" of a few years ago that ing, and if the friends of the little journal will cont to; assist lis as, they : have one, urged an extension of the right of suffrage to Tor-wa- rd to-da- hpeJyhe :theen:)tUtah;:aiidbatlii What they consider a curse we consider a grading", we count as elevating. ter Thea pre- to live in luxury and elegance, scarce considering the degrading means adopted to bring these; while we prefer becoming honorable wives and mothers in Israel. Can we be considered as degraded, w hile enjoying the respect and esteem of honorable men and women, arid the confidence and love of all we hold most dear? Let disinterested persons answer . and judge, whether it is the women of Utah or those of the world that need pity and condolence. What greater blessings can woman wish for, than we enjoy f True, we do not possess the useless fineries and elegancies of the fashion- ohlo wnrlft vof wn hnvn that which is of far of our or as will render "It In fthfi triilv such"Improvemchtslh the saints of God: which Ir every way more efficient in accomplishing the more to us than all the pleasures that wealth can affbrdr" We live in innocence andsim- -' HOME AFFAIRS. ing all who have aided in extending its circula- plicity, and with industry and frugality, en. comforts-rtion for their efforts in its behalf, we would still joy with"a. clear conscience come has and and the Election gone, tTjie request a continuance of those eflbrts, until tfie suiting frorii industry, by the kindness of1 majority of v6te9 polled for t our great Father. Exponent is found in every famllyinUtah Rhows that the people were alive to the import The world may liave its own ideas of com ance of the occasion. FROM ST. GEORGE. fort; wo have ours, and wish to enjoy them unmolested. As for their sympathy, it has The Theatre in this city has been ofterier been shown in murdering: our St. George, July 25th, 1872. and is now lighted with gasywhieh works a wonderful change in enhancing the appeara.nce Editor Exponent: Prophets and host men, and driving us and otherof the interior, and rendering the performances for one appreciate and admire the Ex- disponing us of our property, than I, " - ponent, arid with pleasure note your energy , wise. more pleasing and agreeable. All we now ask, i 11 the name of our IxiifAN difficulties in the Sanpete region progress and success, i n this enterprise Queen.- is liberty of thought, liberty of ac of voice the the "downtrodden:" I being are threatened; arid yet the Indians say they tion andhe-p-ri vilege orserving God accords one know. whereof ,of '7S I thein, speak only want a little food and some blankets. Has ftf d fk"ifnrn flimirrVt nnf n rvraaf IMis insrto tKellictates of our own consciences, Government suddenly grown poor? Or does it nor our holy religion, which by the he p of an extensively commercial city, is yet tie the handsof the Indian agent so that he is un one of the "v handsomest, and most quiet and lIltJ srtn" y"K" able to do anything for these "red wards" of the to sustain." pleasant of all the cities of Utah. Our build- father?" "great Weather is very warm and dry, mercury ings, enclosures and other improvements, An abundant harvest has blessed the agri- generally and specially, show taste in de-- going up to over 100 daily and sometimes culturists of Utah this year, as a general thing; sign, and skill in workmanship, and may we-- 105. Wo have very fine ripe peaches, and though grasshoppers have caused destruc- not generally reckon the intellectual status plums, pears and apples; and grapes ofearlition in some parts ofSummit and Morgan of a place by its taste and industry? I think est kinds begin to ripen. Air these are tiewuuu uncounties, there is much cause for thankfulness so, ana so 1 lite or. ueorge. xesteraay was ncious ai me cooi evening iiuur, a thousand rose and lily and that the scourge, has been 'limited when com- celebrated here by all citizens and many grance from the visitors with much energy and zeal, our other flowers is wafted by the breeze that r pared. with the past few years. sex having taken a prominent part I send gently stirs the foliage overhead, ot our ibr Matters are progressing the erection of you a copy 01 tue programme which was v vine ana ng xree,- - ui aimumi, piuiit-- , waterworks in this city, and the work of surcarried out, and I herewith enclose acacia and the elm; after the fierce solar- fully veying for laying the piping has commenced. copy of address, read by Miss Woodbury on heat has departed. Although some 01 tue The water will be carried from City creek to the the occasion, composer1 by Miss Cottam and "downtrodden women of Utah" might wish in principal parts of the city, sufficient volume Miss Woodbury. Its rcdincr elicited rounds to escape for a day with their "masters" to to meet any demand for extinguishing fires, of applause, and congratulations for the au- - the shady mountain glen, hear the sighing and for household uses, being purified ' arid The coronation ceremonies w ere of the pines, and take draughts irom me pure filtered in its passage from the creek for the nnifp fninrnnl- ntirt 1mrnintynTirl- nnn nf ihn'I nectar snflttfrs. we know Of none -to make a wider escape from their "tyrant latter purpose. It is an important improve finest features of the celebration. husbands." nor to leave far behind the fine ment. ADDRESS fruits, beautiful flowers and delicious evenmade foraTerrk are being Preparations ox buulit a? rut iwextt-fo- c ings of our "Dixie;" and I may be pardoned tods la'diib. torial Fair, to be held in this city on the 3rd, for here observing that although the "pecu-lia- r 4th, and 5th of October next. We hope the institution" of our people is here widely "Haying descended from a glorious ladies will do as they have done at previous whose historic. annals embrace the. re nractieed misrht surmise by the .fas anvone " handiwork much their Fairs; let it be seen how gal power of David and his successors, the great number of childres of all ages exhibited be will excel an aids in home development. It princely integrity of Joseph, and the beauti- - in the procession yesterday), we never to Relief for show the Societies lent opportunity ful and devout Queen Esther who plead for knew a more quiet, orderly community, or hands in exiled Israel; as heirs of the same royal line one where less domestic troubles were ex- pecimens of jwork which willing ; I: Flora.: ; spired by warm hearts, do in the cause of beney Ave have been brought to: this goodly land, periencedv We have chosen and crowned our Queen, oience. The nrnpramme of the davs nroceedincrs A Fearful crime is reported from Weber andgladlrcelebrate sent US is highly" interesting but too our we of freedom the these lathers, county. Two little boys seized a young girl mountains and enjoy As daughters of lengthy for publication in our columns.-K- ii. valleys. on cow out was who horseback, drag- Zion we wish to demonstrate huntings the apprecia- - tlJ mv flllnrs fthsftrVod that a whining violated her person after from the horse, ged her tion ofour and privileges oved d6 ls sure to in a fight. No cur get lickt she had violently struggled against them, and from the rights vices of the Afbwai ; world, contaminating nri mnMia Wn tin. then pushed her into a slough where she was in the peaceful vales of surrounded UimnfntiA Deseret, tn hitn n mrHivnnrnthnt trie5 she Bald she said Would tell drowned,-becau- se mothers brothers, sisters, to sneak off with his tale between his legs, rs, by her mother. The heart sickens while t hinking of and those who are near and dear to us, we Tbe whinin, business man is just so. the deed, and every feeling of humanity and live in the peaceful enjoyment of the rn.tn rvla,vfh mnr tnmit trroonS Justice asks, what punishment should the crim- blessings which Imve been ,so bountifuUy tax In a&mans than forty-- t wo years inals receive- .- They are in prison. bestowed upon us. We are looked upoby ofwhinin Josh pocket Billings." A jj impression prevails in some places that richt and ' privilffe.rthat they enjov. Sense shines, with a double lustre, when .nWMntim fnr th Eypoxkxt can oid' com-- ! a downtrodden. and and it is set in humanity. being degraded mence with the beginning of u.volume. This if-- objtsJbrchit -l 4 i ..I e re-open- . ed - i - ad -- A. " A .. CJ WJlO-WlSIi- w sr- isrtriB 1 -- A-ca- n 1 . -- ".-"- 41 