V - E X P 0 KEN T. 0 11 AX'S 56 TEA DliUNKAllDS. WALLACE V- and purest stock of confec Has the best, largest Ulge, our of the lottery inspee tors; for ladies in Staffordshire, has put Jortira very sen tionary- in Salt "Lake city. Just the plaee WOMAN'S EXPONENT. sible protest, says the "Lancet," against a to purchase. re which rarely very pernicious custpin from the QAMPBELL A BATTEKSON, either sufficient ceives attention, medical profession or the public. lie says Dealers in: Book?, stationery and Newspapers, A UTAH LAIilJiS' JOCltXAL. that the women of the working classesmake Utah. East Lake Salt City, Temple. St., tea a. principal article of diet instead of an Orders from the country solicited. occasional beverage: they drink it sevcra times a day, and the result is a lamentable Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. The women pf Utah y occupya position which amount of sickness. This is no doubt the General Agents fonWoMAK's Exponent. attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and case, and, as. Dr. Arlidge remarks, a iwrtion women everywhere. They are engaged in the prac of the reforming zeal which keeps up such tical solution of some of the greatest social and moral a tierce and bitter agitation against intoxi JJR 'AW' H. QUO YES, DENTIST, prollems of the age and a powerful interest is mani eating drinks might "advantageously be di DAW SWnnrt Smith Rlrpr.t. Th roo doors" west of fested throughout the United States, and, it may be verted to the repression of (his very serious Great Hotel, half a block east of Elephant said, the entire civilised world, to learn from reliable evil of tea tippling among the poorer Store, Western Salt Iiake City. sources the views honestly entertained Jby them, on f classes. Omco IloursffoittU a.iu. to i.iu. Tea, in any th ing beyond linoderat e ihesXqucslio 11 . - j . - - ., to-da- - . - - liuahTitleTiWaminct of ruin as is opium or jalcohol. It is capable UBNLSII YOUlt HOMES. .Tf tnc" uigrsuon lng I would advise the Ladies who want to buy fin dering the heart's action, and of generally shattering the nerves. And it must be Sets of furniture to call and arlor and that not merely is question examine the immense stock kept by of narcotic excess, but the enormous quan-- t i t v of hot water. wl li ch tea hi bbers neces- JL DIN WQOl )E Y, , i lid icial lx)th exceed is ta ke TSf rity ugly prej At ..No. 31, East Temple Street, and No. 75, First ' - E 1 1 1 red Bed-roo- itl m ; iolisrestioirand nutritionr Ex. -- South Street. a young man, not much over thirty, who is known in Colorado Territory and in Omaha. There is a little romance connected IIOJIElAJmJrUIIItlIvIJlCIXJLS 1 Warranted to be Better than the Best im ported, 'and Give Ample Satisfaction. - well able to speak for, the women of Utah as the women of Utah themselves? "It is bel lo arc Stf BONESET TILLS. Purely vegetable. They cleanse and purify the blood, stomach and bowels. . Fur these reasons, and that women may help each Mher by the d illusion of knowledge and information-possesse- d' by many and suitable to all, the publica tion of Woman's Exponent, a journal owned by, controlled by and edited by Utah ladies, 'has been commenced. The aim of this journal will be to discuss every subject interesting and Valuable to women. It will contain a brief and graphic summary of current news local and general, household hints, educational mat- tcrs, articles on health and dress,- correspondence editorials on lpmlinir tonus of interest suitable to its columns and miscel aneous read nr. Act powerfully upon the liver, kidneys and urinary organs. Jircak up levers, strengthen digestion and ui.,.ft ui vsjf xiuo ui uemm.io incei ernaciaica. Are tonic, catnartic, stimulant, and soothe, by removing the cause of disease. Arc safe and harmless in all It will aim to defend the right, inculcate sound cases where cathartics are required, for either sex, for principles, and disseminate useful knowledge. young or old. Try them fairly, and jou will never use any more imported pills. Price 25 cents. Utah, in its female llelief Societies, has the best bpnpvolf-n- t - institution of the are: veL but - . . . .1 orrranizpd o r 11 ' " ' ntru niToi 01 aimness or vision, weak ;a innw r.r ih labor of ihPsn aiju oawAiu. jor drooping eyelids, inflamed eyes, old ulcers, so'res, Societies. In Wo.uas'8 Expokjcnt a department rmKwurui, uwn, cracu or 60re nps, nands, etc win be deToted reDort3of their mGetines and other - m -- i- - i Z. C. M. and to this end the Presidents and Secretaries of the CONKLIN. SALVE. For pains or weakness in various Societies throughout the Territory are re-the side, back, breast, or other parts of the system, quested to furnish communications which will receive I. cuts, wounds, sores, Retail Dry etc Price 2o cents. ' due attention. Goods Department. Miss Eliza K Snow, President of the entire Female ESSENCE OF LIFE cures cholera, diarrhea, summer complaints, coughs, cholics, toothache, and Belief Societies, cordially approves of the journal, and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from ; ; We are constantly in the receipt of all Seasonable, many other ills. Price 50 cents. '" her numerous dutiesV fashionable, Dress Goods, Suitable for the great VaThese medicines are for sale, wholesale and retail, at ' "Woman's Exponent will be published semiPatrons. our of ' riety i. monthly, each number containing eight pages, quarto.; ZIOX'f5 We continue to manufacture the Celebrated DKL'G feTOKE- ,'The following low rates will place it within the ' reach of all, and the hope is that it be made so SALT LAKE GLOVES. Salt Lake City, and at most of the ctores valuable that it will be found in inay every family in tho Territory. throughout a and Shoes, Gloves, Utah. specialty. Chjldrcn'alloslcry! While wo carry a fine Block of 'the elegant fabrics If not kept in your stores", ask your merchants to TERMS, Strictly in Advance : 1 Copy one i rmv lt mnnflw. 5i.m year. Si( 10 Coidesone year, of the day, yet the grand staples, such as Domestics, send for them. LS.W 10 Cones til month?, iUW ttorcs throughout the Territory fur Checks, Stripes, Denims, etc, are offered at tho lowo subscription received for less than six months." nished on commission, or sold at rates advantageous est possible figure." It is earnestly desired that tho Bishops, Presidents 10 purchasers. . of Female Kelicf Societies and others interested in a AGENTS are authorized to refund the monrv work of this kind, will interest themselves in getting 1 1. 1. where the medicines do not give CLAWSON, Sup't. ten for the : nine. of up clubs; and copies satisfaction, price distribute to tho poor necding,the pills at expense of the proprietor of .amount disposed of. Address all communications and subscriptions. JADIES! Publishers Womak's ExroxENT, Salt LakeXi'y, Co to Taylor. & Cu tl er's for Dr css Good, No- Eromthc . rLaboratory of ' " ' " ' ' 7"-.- : ' ( - ive :-- -; . : ' -- i . Co-operat- one-twelf- th . tions, etc. Also the Cheapest Storo for Family Groceries in town. Call and sec i . byothersl"' JOHNSON'S " well Jie with his historyrias it is alleged-tha- t on a whose fixed his affections young lady - name is not unfamiliar to the people of Salt Lake, she having 'appeared- on the boards of the theatre here for a season; and that she did not reciprocate his warmth of feeling. It is .slid "that as a result he became soinVer what misanthropic and sought literary employment that would take him away from familiar scenes and faces. lie became correspondent for the New York "Herald" in Abyssinia during the British war against the Emperor TlHwlofandthroifgir Ins correspondence, the British government first learned of the success of their arms aiul.thc fall of Hagdala. lie was subsequently selected to lead the "Herald" expedition to search for Dr. "Livingstone, and succeeded in finding the great explorer at Ujiji in the interior of Africa. the pre.--, by active enemies who permit no opportunity to pass of maligning and slandering them ; and with but limited opportunity of appealing to the in telligence and candor of their fellow countrymen and countrywomen in reply. l ter to represent ourselves than to be misrepresented Tin:. authenticity' of Stanley's letters concerning the finding of Dr. Livingstone, is now generally conceded. 3Ir. Stanley is - Ihey bavJTbeen grossly misiejpresented through ; J. E. JOHNSON, St. George, Utah. Utah. ' --- ' ' 