f : 1 mtmrmsmrtirim WOM AN'S" EXPONENT. , -- FLOWERS BY THE WAYSIDE. Hereditary Ixeluexces. It tinctly : asserted by professor Lucas, and To acquire a capacity for happiness, first agreed to by others, that predisposition to Tiny form of disease or any malformation rectify inward ilisorderr He who enlists in any worthy enterprise, may become an inheritance. Thus disease should not consider an ultimate failure pos? of the heart is hereditary; so are tubercles ' in the lungs;- - so also are diseases of the :...:.. sible. v,-'brain, of the liver, and of the kidney; so Algona, Iowa, which was twenty years are antlvof the ear. Gendiseases of the ago a naked prairie, ishiow finishing .off its eral ' maladies are eye L equally inheritable, as , second court house. ami madness, - Longevity oiithe one Some people talk : with their eyes more gout hand and premajumaleaths on the other nacan than with their others, eloquently go by descent. If we consider a class of tural oran of speech. ' peculiarities more recondite in their origin of method of The faT)rite than these, we shall still find the law of indisposing mysterious disappearances in Cincinnati is heritance to hold good. A morbid susceptito head them up in a salt barrel. bility to contagious disease,or to the of opium or of calomel, and an No position however great, no possessions however desirable, can make us blest unless aversion to the taste of meat, are all found - , poisou-ouseffec- ts Wl u i - v oul PLEASURlris")erfect fccI ted A sprixcj bed a IkhI of radish e; Tin:iti: can certainly be no greater felicity than to be able to look back on a life usefully rind virtuously employed, and to trace our own progress in existence by such tokens as excite neither' shame nor sorroWv What is the ultimate scope of our present pursuits?:Are they, as theytoshould le, such ourselves, and that we can justify them haTvilTsurVi ve i likely to produce a ny th ng t some" fruit for the moment and bring forth futurity? , ,' j went to a show, and saw Robbie Little an elephant for the first time in his life. When berime home, his mother asked Jiim what he had seen. Robbie replied, "An ei'epliantrntaniti-r.tlmgobbled hay With his , "'". " ff. f ' ' " xiial iiasslon, a front tail." 'V "when it harmo-- : drink or gamblingstrong only o t vi of o to crimes hizes-witltauperisui, proclivity t interctsj-noid- e i iTrwits lence, and J(L;en light ean4 ;tmt ifh -- certain marked types of character justly as- t( ; d uty. ' ; would suggest to his opponent that he duel 3;" , sociated wit h marked types of feature and Moral and religious instruction derives of temperament. We hold, axiomatically, both should take poison, and then sit down use of the its efficacy, not so much from what men are that the latter are inherited case being and play ioker for the exclusive4 (the rr taught to know,as from w hat they are made too notorious, and too consistent with the stomach pump. to feel. analogy afforded by brute animals, to render -- A'. couxsei mimicking a witness, whoiis Of what character is your eonversath n? argu ment necessa ry), and we t bereft re infer a north countryman pronounced the Word Whatever it may be, le assured it is an un- the same of the former. For instance, the "water" as if" it ha erring index to your heart. The tree is fact of the comkitanUisIsquare, coarse, and quired of him whether in his part of the . known by its fruit. heavily jawed. It differs from that of the country they spell "water with two t's?" To be truly great, or sincerely happy,use-fuliies-s ascetic, the voluptuary, the. dreamer and "No," said the witness, "but they spell : our-iperniau- : to:l-inheri- PEN AND SCISSORS. is dis- "r-V?- eii : ;;'.. " - : -- and beneficence, hot bsteh tat ion and the charlatan. Still more strongly marked vanity, must direct the train of thought and than these, are the typical features and influence words and actions. characters of different races of men. The and Temperance, by fortifying the mind and Mongolians, Jews, negroes,-Gipsiebody, leads to happi ness ; i n temperance, by AmeriamJndianseYeraliy propagate their enervating themrendangers the healthand kinds; and each kind differs in character and intellect, as well as in color or shape, ..peace of both, and ends in misery. from the other four. They, and a vast A. ixXATic has turned up iii Chicago in number of other races, form a class of inthe role of Diogenes, hunting for an honest stances of close investigation, in man with a lantern. The poor fellow might which worthy peculiarities of character are invarias w ell make up 'his mind to die there. transmitted from the iarents to the offably Whex we observe a tendency to trcatc-ligio- n spring. "Francis Galten." or morals with disrespect and levity, we may hold it as a sure indication of a perAgextlemax nut h e ears the ptheriday, verted understanding or a depraved heart. so far forgot himself as .to place his foot, Turn beauty isji soul refined, true wealth boot and all, rather hastily upon the the riches of the mind; let woman give but shoulder of a lady who sat front of him ; the overt and little thought to loveliness of face, nor sigh and when apologizing for power that in the purse alone hath dwelling- somewhat ludicrous action, said he thought he must have been partially asleep, could -place. believe he would have done such a .Every degree of guilt incurred by yield- hardlyhad he been fairly awake. Gentlething ing to temptation, tends to debase the mind, men would do well to guard against snoozw eaken, the generous and benevolent prinwl i eh tl lere are lad ies nea r, ciples of human nature, and make cowards ing in the cars, who, unquestionably would prefer being enof its victims. . tertained colloquially," 'to being somnolently There is a reverend gentleman in Min- kicked at. Of course the infractor was one nesota who spends his Sundays in prophesyof our "Mormon t vrants." But let us have ing that the w orld will not outlast the the best coloring on the outside it Was his present summer, and yet he has sown 100 wife and not his own that he , neighbor's acres of wheat. ..'......- ...'.. ,' ;3 booted. O,. i Max y people magine themselves patterns or at least as good as the average of A somewhat notable tribute has just been to an American artist by the lord husbands and wives, who daily crucify the spirit of their companion, making life U mayor of London. His honor liaving vis. most loathsome.- . ited Munich latelythere entered the studio , Neal. He found him just finishLuxURY,pride and vanity, have frequent- of David of Watt as a boy, studying the ly as much influence in corrupting the sen- - ing a picture timeiits of the great, as ignorance, bigotry power of steam. The .boy Js seated in the and prejudice have in misleading the.opin-ion- s chimney corner, watching the. His mother lias opened the door, and scolds of the .'multitude. - 1 as her face indicates, for abIF WE desire to make others happy, we him pleasantly, from the family eating must haste to give while our gifts can be senting himself meal, which is seen going on in another nt enjoyed,: and remember that- -e of delay takes away something from the. room7TCnugIT7lleain mayor invited Neal to name his own price value of a benefaction. for the picture, and it will henceforth grace to to useless the endeavor It is satisfy the Mansion House in 'London. r constant demands of the selfish and ungrates, lid manners with two ns." fete TiLiTwriiave lf,cr how much the sum of human happiness in the world is indebted to scarcely e aw-nr- this one elingsynq:Uhy3AVget xaiee fulnemand vigcr,Lwesi5ireeyJvnowLlio with our felwhen, from , mere low men, and from the looks reflected on us of gladness and keen enjoyment. they It is not what people eat, but what not is It digest, that makes them strong. what they gain, ,but what they save, that makes them rich. It is not what they read, but what they remember, that makes them e irned. It is not Avhat they profess, but what they practice, that makes them rightassm-iatio- n 1 eous. : .'. willow has a romantic history. The first scion was sent from Smyrna in a box of figs, to Alexander Pope. General Clinton brought a shoot from Pope's trecto America, in the time of the revolution, whiehnsinj? into the hands of John Parker Curtis, was planted on his estate in Virginia, thus becoming the progenitor of the weeping willow in this country. A cuRiors Dortrait of General Washing ton, on earthenware, is displayed in a jeweler's window. It is stated that The weeping -- New-Yor- k s(Kn after Washington's death an American traveling in England discovered some sets of earthenware with these portraits en ameled upon them. lie purchased the whole lot,, had the. portraits cut out and framed, and distributed them among his frieods. The terms of ' " ; twenty-fou- r senators will follows: expire on the 4th of March next, as , Siencer, of Alalxmia ; Rice, of Arkans:is-Coleof California; Ferry, of Connecticut; Osborn, of Florida; Hill, of Georgia; Trumbull, of Illinois; Morton, of Indiana; Harlan, of Iowa; Pomeroy, of Kansas; Davis, of Kentuckv; Kelloggr of louisiana ;V ick ers, of Maryland; Rlair, of Missouri; Nye, of Nevada; Patterson, of New Hampshire;.. Conkling, of New York; Pool, of North Carolina; Tliurnian, of ;()hio; auneron, of A veteran lady, whose sons are all Pennsylvania; Sawyer, of South Caroliha; ful, for the more you give the more unand Howe, of A grateful do they become, and the harder grown to bo big boys, either reverentially Morrill, of Vermont;, or ironically calls her new dog "Grant." will they speak against you. tea-kettl- e. very-mome- -- '' . M t rr nr."' - : 