Society of HarrisviUe, Weber County, which ' the 3 1 st of March last, as was follows: Melissa A. Shurtliff, President; J. Taylor and Xancy, Rawson, "fn rv "R. Tnvlor. Secretary, and Louise Harris, Treasurer. We meet semiare well attended. monthly, and our meetings Peace and good order- prevail. All seem willing annxi&usjo do all jhey can to advance me weiiuru aim umtxia w uwivvj , added-$57; 4 hich is small: but we have We to its funds since the receive and read the Exponent, and feel much interested in the matter therein his wife to be, she must know how to con trive and manage her household affairs so as to have every thing work smoothly, in RESPECTFULLY INSCRIBED TO MISS ELIZA R. TO JOURNEY APPROACHING SNOW OX HER proper time and order, and have no jars to JERUSALEM. interfere with the quiet concerns-- of everyday life. Almost above every thing else, Thou art goinaf dear sifter, to th' land long forsaken, she should be a s cook i. e. , she Whoso people, a hiss and a byword, hare been; should cultivate reason in this as well as Who rejected tbe Savior, the way And for centuries have dwindled in darkness and other things, and cook sensiblyr InJohn-Halifax- " sin. we find the following which recom-menitself: ., r. But the Spirit of God is now moving to gather, A people once favored, as scriptures record; "Good temper, with many people, is" Their cities and tenmles again there will Nourish,": dependent upon good health; good health And themselves live in peace, for a time, Faith the upon good digestion; good digestion upon Lord. wholesome, v.v food, eaten in familiar once tread the feel when paths And4hou, thy Melissa A. Shurtliff, President, peace and pleasantness. , untidy And dear ISo the Savior while dwelling below, arenas E. meals a cause for bad secretary, great temper as Mary Taylor, Thy soul will go forth in communion with Heaven, hRiU Jieart will And - glad strains of praise from tny many a moral wrong; and a person of sensi- Oct 12th, 1S2. tive physique may be nursed into a settled Sfringville, honor in of A the celebration organization hypochondria by Jiving In close rooms. Oh! what a rich feast, to a nature like thine. of are To viewthe paths trod, by that being divjier And to feel that ere long He will tread them again,. was organized June 7th, 1S68, was held m determinedly shut out." And be known to the Jewsas the Savior of men!. the meeting House of this place, September Potatoes. No amount of fancy French Thou art going, and with thee our blessings will go, 12th. 18X2. the President of the Society, dishes can atoneTat table, for want of skill And we'll pray for tby safety thy long journey Mrs. Cynthia Clyde, presiding. or care in cooking potatoes. Yet cooks often TT through; selected for choir the The sang pieces fail in this simple and common dish. They We will not forget the rich counsels you've given,, occasion. The Financial report read by Mrs. will put potatoes JFor they will refine and prepare us forJleaven. .... -into cold water-an- d bring Hannah Carter, Secretary, showed that since them slowly to or boil or them u bake aboil; May Heavens rich blessings rest on your companions,: ihe organization $1,387 20 had been-r- etoo should be removed from long. They And Israel's God be your guide and jour friend; ceived in &c. on . labor, donations, profits : the fire as soon as done. If boiled the water Hay angels protect you, while Absent fronrZion, And guard you safe home, when your journeyings Disbursed to the poor, $672 68; paid to the should be drained off immediately. end. ' Provo Factory, on shares for the benefit of - COth MRS. ANNE RANDALL. Potato Pudding. Four ounces of potathe Society, $188 43; paid to the P. E. Fund, 1872. Spanish Fork, Sept toes, three ounces of white sugar, the same $30; donated to the building of the Temple, of butter, two lemons, four eggs. Rub the us add, in friendship's warmest tone, $305 70; donated for public purposes, $17.4.- Andjet boiled potatoes through a sieve, add the - Servant of Zion's daughters, not alone 50. "We crave for thee the wajre of peace and health, and the butter; mix Addressos made by Bishop Bringhurst sugar pounded, . , i well; 1.1 11 Butnew, bright stores of intellectual wealthy it auu me eggs weu ocaien; anu msi oi and some of the Sisters, were instructing Rich gems of thought, sweet words of solace, too, Thou'll glean and bring to us, beloved and true. and encouraging; and were followed by a all the juice and grated rind of the lemons, , LULA. dialogue entitled "A Sewing Circle," by Line your dish with thin puff pate, making twelve young ladies and one gentleman. it thicker at the edges: bake in a moderate F. It. SOCIETY REPORTS. oven, not letting the pudding stand long Songs, Recitations, Toasts, &c., followed. baking; and it must be well stirred Hannah Cabteb, Secretary. beforebefore Hykl'm, Cache County, Utah, just putting it into the oven. October 0th, 1872. ExTBAORDiNABY stoiies are told of the HOUSEHOLD HINTS. Editor Woman's Exponent: healing properties of a new oil, which is The Female Relief .Society, of this Ward easily made from the yolks of "hen's eggs. If a woman aspires to be a proficient in The was organized nearly four years ago, and eggs are first boiled hard and the yolks music, dancing, dressmaking, millinery, or sineethat time we rhave"acc6mplished much any other pleasant and useful forte, she ap- - are then removed, crushed, and placed over in condiOur a is good. Society healthy plies her attention to it and takes pains to a fire where they are carefully stirred until tion; we have endeavored to do all in our acquaint herself with the various require- - the whole substance is on the point of power to comfort and bless the ioor, the nients which are likely to meet her in her catching fire, when the oil separates and widow, the fatherless and the sick; thus as Chosen pursuit. But the one great object may be tured off.. One yolk will yield nearly sisting our Bishop and Teachers in some of for which woman was ?signed,istoo gener- - two teaspoonfuls of oil. It is in general use1 J fa their labors. In addition to this we have ally until she crosses the among ine coionisis oi ooutn neglected totally itussia, as a sent ninety dollars to assist in gathering the means acof curing cuts, bruises and scratches. taresnoia, enters a new woria. ana nas poor, ana nave given lorty dollars to aid our taiiv tnVnn nnn hor hwrnv. tw flft To Cube Pimples. Abstain from every-Sunday School m purchasing a library: and responsibilities which ever are or can be thing containing melted butter and lard. rewards, conition with this Society placed upon her. She has promised by sacred Take a thorough daily scrubbing from head Ladies' Retrenchment As- - covenant to be a true, a faithful Avife. How to foot. the.rc'ls a Sleep cool, drink pure water, think ociation. We have a braiding school and little must rcalizo of the vast girls pure thoughts, and live a pure life. hats in fcuinmer. ance attached to that promise, which to ful- ' Although the outside world may number fill with dignity and wisdom, requires the "We have," said Mr. Cox, "fallen on an us with the 1'poor, opprcsse -- 'women of choicest discretion.l:iTrue it is evil time. The olden day, when austerity learning and Utah," we experience great ileasure in Kiy that a good, kind, daughter and sister can and simplicity gave rule to manners and ing. we have lived in the States and in the hardly fail to make a tender, patient, wife, men, when a sense of public, duty - was the old world, but prefer living in, and enjoy and mother; but frequently much more is brightest virtue of the statesman, has be- ing the glorious liberties of Utah and her required of the. wife than th6 daughter ever come a nebulous, dim and hazyjrecollection. "3Iormon". institutions, and in becking to thinks of. Husbands are not likely to be as Can we not redeem the timo? . Ts thrrA nn till woman's mission as wives, mothers Jand charitable and considerate vithjheir young 1 man who has the and fruralitv; daughters, aiding suffering humanity wives as parents with their daughters. And the benevolence andplainness tbvmeet the justice, : wherever found. ,. it should be remembered that perfection in crisis?" Thcre are .men, . women too and The widowa heart t ball share oar joyp any one branch of education, or even in who have still enough of elevated and Tho prphsn and oppressed , " of the most noble character, does not selfish principle about them to bo Shall eee we love the sweet employ , tp To 6uccor the distressed," constitute a true wife. Whatever her other undertake the redemption of the willing times good And thus maintain woman's legitinate attainments may be, if a woman does not past; but where there are so many slothful possess an even, temper, and and dishonest harpies seeking and obtaining rights:" Christina Liljenquist, President, agreeable disposition, she will not make a offices, us judges and rulers, air over the , Mabtiia Wakd, ) Counselors. ' happy wife; for all other powers of mind and country in order that they may live from body, it matters nqt how vivacious and bril- - the earnings of the people, andnot have to Ircv WiwoN, ; Iiant they may appear at times, would fail exert as honest men dorto. ol to create the requisite sunshine for the tain a themselves, "Mr. Cnx. or iinv nno c' en Habbjbville, Oct. 12th, 1872. rendering of a home cheerful and nlonsnnt. nonri livpUhnrxl. zz And in order to keep good naturcd, if a wo- - no man rood ' and irreat Editob Woman's Exrosizwzz pnmmh fn omnto AVesend you a brief notice relative to the man is as sensitive and d as any one. is likrlv to ho, vested with th onfhri. advancement and progress of the F. R. man of common understanding would ' lilejty. THOU ART GOING. re-orsrani- zed - Coun-cAinr- o- R-ira-h n, first-clas- ic con-taine- ds d. well-prebar- ed Ill-cooke- d, the-Frr- R. ; - iv-- T -- I AX 1 ; . , 1 . m J a . - import-maketra- w - . , i -- un-ma- well-govern- ed high-minde- ny 