.1 v,. n - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER J, Vol. I. ls-p- Vice-Preside- . h nrti susidedlihcohsPn Tl Tnrifip'R hnd tn No. 13. ments should include more Oian littler piano and a large amount of fashion and novel readingr;She caried off premiums at the late Agricultural Fair for roast beef, plum pudding, .and her style of preparing a variety of vegetables; enough to give her the claim to be considered the best cook in Tennessee. And she received twenty-fiv- e offers of marriage on the spot! I IoWmucirdt romance, and how much of prosa ic Common Sense were in those offers ? .... :" it Jippears,lisMing3toiejd bune,' and the rival tactions of Republicans. Henry Berge, "the guardian angel and the patron saint of the bestial .race," stand-- . Mrs. Greeley, fornierlyiSIissMaryijG Juacjiou ok i iiru ami lourtn Cheney, whose death lately occurred at the lu Ul residence of. Alvin Johnson,c. in New York,' 't11 U .l,,.,,l I,. . it II !! rl rr tnn hni-ijilutnmiiAH 1 ' ; "'ulVKl V is said to have been a lady of highly-cult- i; vated intellect, tasto and social attainments. Profe:aonaI shield and in the namp of the Tn, favmtfiiiriii vnnrinin mnminfK august Society for the Prevention of Cruelty In Burlington, Iowa, the street lights are extinguished at-1- 0 o'clock.- - it resumable that the people there are temperate and moral. After tjie horses, first came the chickens and then the hogs, as sufferers by the epidemic among the animals first named. Will man come next? The fair famed English poetess, Eliza Cooki is reported ill beyond recovery. Does she still cling to the "Old Armed Chair" of which she has so sweetly sung? From present indications the - coming winter will be a hard one. Some time ago "NT.it 8 72. Legislature of Connecticut f and - that they are as industrious and weir informed as any of their white neighbors. America may yet be proud of her aborigines. ATOK Sumner has returned ' from Europe, and on "Wednesday last he met Senator Henry Wilson, the newly elected iiv JhiLi) York "Tribune,5? the two greeting each other cordially. Thus the political hatchet,' EDITORIAL NOTES, Wnrk nn th P 1 nt, . ....... hff n t'eiisedrivjiig iiorses. their And reinforced being gasping the weather. which he upon any political disappointment ' the crried V day.; Good for. Piociie is anxious for the railroad track has:Mely susen But what' kind of beings must . Henry. it tp be extended form the terminus of the the have been who had to be compelled to i,ia?iuia rlitah, Southern to: BumonviUe, that , the becoming beasts? thlieee : -- . vm. i4iiiVU VJ. J.VUUUiAU silver mines of . fcV ILV AAMJF V .V Pioche.T'- sold - . - 1 - - i A Pennsylvania woman lately two weeks' old baby for $10, but wanted VJ 4 VAAk7 f VOtVUl ,i ViUli lips like rubies, nf bact TT UW V & XAVV Giiiitheiiollowinglirom tlie Wash- wonder at mothers when referring to their 'Star' of ovember. 20, where it babies, speaking of eyes like diamondsrand ington -- Hifi invpstnr to dininoncl ovnofHtinn. . the heading Hero and further comment: "Syl- without Heroine," t is to be in . offered curious one week.' Hin to wife his as,i,t- eam(! .lay k,t Thk last present ever received by Abra- ouuctuuu m cnn, Awmv; .imwiitum.HJiu uiice, ami wucii sue iiuu reicaseu mm nv way. With colored eor,le of the Sou him bv--th and national with the th great nerve and endurance he carried her to uiet; just been presented by Mrs. Lincoln to Rev. every&j)tot our own, the house on his uninjured arm. and re- nation, including leading, Dr. Miner of Belvedere, Illinois. onense oi sireiiguieiuiig us powers 01 stored her to consciousness, when she won! Fires and storms on land and sea, inun "unhang a uigcuu, vnu uijuiilietl U1C anil Ul " . " : , dil.tinn mirl to " V rloWcfoHnti ronnrfa worm rf. tne wnicn civnizea " ; vr" presents, the shoulder He iuprouaw v peace" of; which daily crowd the telepraphic columns nf uhiVh thm bns Intnlv 1pph fld mrh of the, newspapers, "seem indicative of a vninnir Vermont does not believe that capital universal crisis in some , direction, at no '.i. . punishment is "legal murder," as some ad- ,;. nrt v L ..uem distamt period. vancol minds" term it. The Legislature 'UST . A announces that the whole world iUIBttred wiO. the ? 4af . Uor,'y hal.r"-eonfla.rration :rjurai I"SVU.10 aoollsn lne ueaul is apparently on the point of committinfr ,vi,;mV m 'nat wi i,f s to needed whel repress alarming and mteldc. but what with lb Dneiit intemne "ZT.H i' 3S ,r heinous crimes throughout the country,- is "Lk ance. Insubordination,f insolvency and een- - I 1lllll III. lrfl I' t. Ill lllllll I II till llilll.llll eral inconsistencies it mteht philosophically Rot aooiismng oi capital punishment, nor a ifn be considered as being already in the very hwmW nrtmhornf old nnd Kpw ' nn the. passage of severer statutes; but the due act. honoring of .wise and just statutes and their h'UM rigid enforcement. But while men can kill , periodicals. with impunity, and gloat over their deeds i'. ror ii !.. iii i a t.oeauuiui ka.i young.' oruneiie ine acqumeu A Sensational New York paper reported 0f blood, and can be escued from the recently that Greeley was insane, and the clutches of the launhai and un to Which she took fitnrv was telefrrnnhefl nvr the cnuntrv. If punished, by influence or money, what will is York who is wise? inNew bad men care whether such a penalty cray, mem Greeley Hc suffered doejly; in feelings and endured remains upon the statute books of States or i! much loss of sleen durina-f- the last iUness v.c.u.iuijr uuu 1UUU aiAllOUUt , v,iii,,i a and death of his beloved wife prostratincr by' its great fire, has reached about two him for a tlmebutfhe Tis likely to live and hundred thousand dollars. Wealth has' not nrovo himself much more sane than those .T ??e made, the Bostonian heart together hard; who gave currency ;W sucHa nor frozen up its fountains of charity: or TtrK nnd nnffin A roMTiCAL cvi,ix in France, more mml in- - C I rtci. J - .."".Tr,.""'1 - w t?;i I I .,t rinri lr"', .. iTftK JJ.,?moa . vn ijav. Ii I'a'5- - roli,, I Wmm, : 1 l T . - i Cv"Trr & YsUPiiSa. talTZ7r SiSKSiZS hrTC",", a . nhfinr mnro warn toophnp Mrs 'I hvwinrn ..hi., J "t a , r i mTTnn f f5tf-.ua uu uigmy luvureu iu l.. liiion, anu iew I0rK "SOCieiy"ii generally, oveninc ?0th ldfj. nt. tnn Tnintifp! tn I i ' 1. 1 .V. t.- . ,1 I m?l l " with visits from'distinguished people this They were arrested, lotlged in jail on the year. The queen and the Prince and charge of publishing "obscene literature," a t atu luciu, iiiu xjunu aiiu uiso iieiu on u cnarge oi nuei agiiinst one and the Prince Imperial but lately Challis, a New York banker orr broker. If Empress and John Bright have gone one tenth part of what they chanre and there; Stanley has. been there; and Lowell they defend much of itbo true, thon the is somewhere in that iiart of the Globe. corruption of "Gotham'J is something terri- minK oi. cooper told of the "lastof the Mohican's I yf3 ago, but it appears that about 100 of "Miss Kate Jaxa way. is the daughter of . . rax-p- ti o'clock, nearly sixty-tw- o 'years of ac. The nans a nf his drath vnst. vlHimllv-RlA3rl0ness.. lie could not sleep alter the exertion -- left:-Gladston- nf his wifp. nnd tbn utmin tiivn "him dnrin campaign and inabout four weeks afterihe was caTrlecI his spirit passed from earth, the sleepless- ness having ".turned to imTamation of the the tribe still survive and have been in- - an of Memphis. Tennessee, but brain. And so another crreat and wise man vested with the rights of citizenship by the she has( learned that woman's accomplish-- 1 has iallenf . . ex-May- or I tlie-Presidenti- foltKr . 