4 104 PRIZE WOMAN ' S EXT ON EN T. CAMPBELL ! & PATTERSON, Dealers in Books, Stationery and Newspapers, East Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah. KIiamM 1m in ftvfirv ihouse! WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 7 The SINGER SE WING MACHINE! Orders from the country solicited. Will do the most delicate and elegant, as well as Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. the strongest: or plainest, sewing, in & style unGeneral Agenfs for Woman's Exponent. equalled by anyotner Machine. Beceived the first Its diploma at the Territorial Pair, in October last ad A UTAH LADIES JOURNAL. of an is attachment general object Embroidery miration. Mora of the Sincer are sold than of any other Machine. Call and see them at the Singer Sewing Machine Department, two doors south of Eagle The women of Utah occupy a position which Emporium, Salt Lake City. attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and Z. C. M. I. G cneml Agents. women everywhere. They are engaged in the prac tical solution of some of the greatest social and moral problems of the age, and a powerful interest is mani- tested throughout the United States, andt it may be TO THE LADIES. SPECIAL learn from reliable said, the entire civilized world,-tsources the views honestly entertained by them oa "We would respectfully call your attention to the these questions. .. Stocks best and JOHNSON fact, that we hare one of the Largest They have been grossly miaiepresented through of Ladies', Misses' and Children's FUKS in Sets, as HOMEMADE FAMILY MEDICINES I the press, by active enemies who permit no opportu to pass of maligning and slandering them t and also Capes and Collars (separate), that will be found "Warranted to be Better than the Best Im nity with but limited opportunity of appealing to the in telligence and candorof their fellow countrymen and in this City. Also a large assortment of Fine Shoes : : countrywomen in reply. ported, and. Give AmpleSatisfaction, of Philadelphia and California make. BONESET PILLS. Purely vegetable. They Who are so well able to speak for the women of The above goods we will sell at the lowest possible cleanse and purify the blood, stomach and bowels. Utah as the women of Utah themselves ? " It is bet- Act powerfully upon the liver, kidneys and urinary er to represent ourselves than to be misrepresented y"-:price. ' organs. Break up fevers, strengthen digestion and by others!" 1 1 ; ,. DUNFORD & SONS, emaciated. face to the of health hue Are rosy bring Lake City. tonic, and soothe, by removing cathartic, stimulant, For these reasons, and that women may help each the cause of disease. Are safe and, harmless in all other by the diffusion of knowledge and information cases where cathartics are required, for either sex, for and suitable to all, the publica or old. Try them fairly, and you will never possessed by many young tion of Woman's Exponent, a journal owned by, W. II. GROVES, " DR. ::5E: use any more imported pills- .- Price 25 cents. controlled by and editeJ by Utah ladies, has been . DENTIST, ; ;' .. Office Sccond'South Street, Three doors west of EYE BALSAM. ;: For dimness of vision, weak or commenced. Great Western Hotel, half a block east of Elephant drooping eyelids, inflamed eyes, old ulcers, sores, Store, Salt Lake City. The aim of this journal will be to discuss every " x ringworm letters, cracked or sore lips, hands, etc. Office Hours from 9 a.EQ. io 5 p.m. j Price 25 cents. subject interesting and valuable to women. It will a brief and graphic summary of current news CONKLIN SALVE. For pains or weakness in contain ocal and general, household hints, educational mat the side, back, breast, or other parts of the system, WRNISII YOUR HOMES. ters, articles on Health and dres., correspondence, cuts, wounds, sores, etc. Price 25 cents. editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its I would advise the Ladies who want to buy fin ESSENCE OF LIFE cures cholera, diarrhea, columns and miscellaneous reading.7 Sets of furniture to call and "Parlor and summer complaints, coughs, cholics, toothache, and examine the immense stock kept by lrwiir&imtodefend thenright," inculcate soundr many other ills. Price 50 cents. disseminate useful knowledge. 5 II. DINWOODEY, These medicines are for sale, wholesale and retail, at principles, and At No. 31, East Temple Street, and No. 75, First Utah, in its Female, Belief Societies, has the beet zion's drug store, :; South Street. organized benevohsnHnstitution of the age; yet, but Salt Lake City, and at most of the stores little is known of the labors of these the throughout Territory. In Woman's Exponent a department Societies. M. I. If not kept in your stores, ask your merchants to will be devoted tossreports of their meetings and other matterajof Jnter send for themrzi rr"; and to this end the Presidents and Secretaries of the - Goods furstores the Dryvarious Societies throughout the Territory artf re-- Department. Territory throughout nished on commission, or sold at rates advantageous quested to furnish communications which will receive to purchasers. due attention. Miss Eliza B Snow, President of the entire Female. "We are constantly in the receipt of all Seasonable, AGENTS are authorized to refund the money, Belief Societies, cordially approves of the journal, where the medicines do not give satisfaction- ,- and and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from ' distribute to the poor needing the pills at expense of her numerous duties. ': . '.' ; Fashionable, Dress Goods, Suitable for the great va the of amount disposed of. proprietor Woman's Exponent will be published From the of each number containing eight pages, quarto of Patrons. Laboratory riety our E. J, JOHNSON, . The following low rates will , place it within the of all, and the hope is that H may bawaie so reach St, George, Utah. valuable that it will be found in every family in We continue 'to manufacture the Celebrated 1 . to-d- ay o . . . ; -- Salt : ' : - - -- ' - Bed-roo- m . co-operat- ive self-sacrifici- ive t - Retail ng Co-operat- ive ' " -- one-twelf- th semi-monthl- Utahr : :. y, - - - - - . TERMS, Strictly in Advance : 1 Copy one year, l Copy elx months, $00 10 Copies six months, 10 Copies one year, 18.00 SALT LAKE GLOVES. , No subscription received for less than six months. v It is earnestly desired that ihY BisTovPresidents" , of Female Belief Societies and others interested in a work of this kind, will interest themselves in getting up clubs; ten copies for the price of nine. - ...'.' " Uosiery, Shoes, and Gloves, a specialty. Ji'.' While we '.. .'. - carry a fine stock of the elegant fabrics of the day, yet tho grand staples, such as Domestics, Checks, Stripes, Denims, etc., are offered at tho - low- - - est possible jBgure. T II. ' B. CLAWSON, Sup't $1.00 8.00 WALLACE ; Address" all communications and subscriptions, Publishers Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake Cityr Has the best, largest and purest stock of confec- Utah. tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies to purchase. - ; - ; , i 