W O 31 A N'S K X PON K N T. used to such things that I wish to say something about it myself. I desire to tell some- TTi i: Kx1'oxj:xt coirtTnuelTfori ncrease urelrq thing ot what celestial: marriage has done ...Silver Medal itreiety7nrTn:....L work-.. $2 00 specimen ornamental nettdle dilation, for which we thank the friends whose for me,and I hope you will publish it. '"needle 2 )0 work....... specimen Ayrshire When a girl, at home with my parents are directed for its success. t( ottoman cover......... ......... 2 OU exertions ' worked lace collar The Vihst load of granite brought hy steam, and brothers and sisters, I had a most i... 2 00 tt worked J... J........... 2 (X) from Cottonwood, was landed at Temple Block, wretched disposition. Not that I willfully 'cushions......;. a lace can......... did wrong, nor yet that I was so simple as . 2 00 in tit is ....;....: city, on the morning of the 28th ult. not to tt colored artificial flowers x U know better than to talk; and do as I H ft ornamental basket,......:.................. laid from the U. S. and U. C. 2 00 A track often did j but somehow I seemed to be imit woolen socks...,.,... .....;.,,;,...... 2 oo depot to the Temple Block, along which a locoto makejiiyself a miserable, imigrato-fu- l, a cotton socks;;.;..... ,...7... ...... .... loadtnl cars of rock to the pelled can with motive Diploiim pass it em brojdered shawl .......;. disagreeable creature. 00 fimudation i: ft crochet w6rfc.M...;,;.;.;;.'..,.. orr After ti I kept it up. My hus- A it worked quilt..,. ............... lii iiLi: society for Utah has been organized band wnsmarriage .. 2 (HI al wavs kind and nfiVWinnntf. Imt in this city. While we ite anxious .tosceilie. . 2 (K quilt........ be annoyed and unTmnnv ainiiett patehworked knit work7....... ........ . 2 4NI truths contained .in the sacred volume still wiiilo. When children were given me, and ft three of straw work.... . r, no more ad- be not would it disseminated, tt ladies' specimens the cares and duties of life were multiplied, -widely . 2 (H) straw hat... it .. . 2 IK) visable, for consistency's sake, for the gentlei grew more and more fretful and disagree- gents' straw hat.. ft ladies' straw lonnet 2 oo men who have moved in the matter, either to able. I have wondered hov mv generous. tt- assorted straw bra id:C7777. ;;, . ,.;.7 2 M Iiuslxuid ever stood inyroii- peace-lovin- g recojiize mo The , awards for the second best in t h is in'it, or advocate an altered version that would slant irritableness, and endured to live with -class are 81 no. jzJLl : better a?ree with their opinions? 7 mpJ but I suppose his love for me, ungrate- (LA.SSU. Pkoduci:. ; T?77 we!y;Jic1rrxit Lpgarf ful as I was, and his firjnEfoith aikl trust in ;WtriAYs!i iigftinp i t 7mm i Supervisory teconNTltimrnfiX CadiewuTiT A wa rlinr Couiniittee. K. I). Woolky, Farmingjon, Davis county, on the 21th and second child was two years old, and six B. Daxikl Au.k.y, Daxiki. ult.: attended by the Vresidencv. some of months before my third one was born, my (tUKXIG lloi.KUT CAMIIJKLTr the TwelvTnd other EldeiT. At each place' a husband gently, yet earnestly, laid before; and determination to take a n- Best specimen onq hundred lbs tlour....Diploma great deal of valuable instruction was we;.Iil.9"tiesi given, "ther wife. Notwithstanding the principle I! fifty lbs corn meal and numbers the were attended that large ten lbs butter 7 one to me, thatTniy husband much eth tied and strengtlienel;tm; faith ly the was an" old ien m hut teTmade piv- ti . . . . vious to July 1st. 1 1. i T i teachings and exhortations of the speakers. 1n ,T tt it cheese made hi 1871 .;....'! oo A woman ran the danger of beins: burned to . t. i tt xt uu cheese made in 1 872 . yi-JO opnusu mil jrum ii ine nisi mni: c y last Saturday right, hi death this was The awards for the second best in course his right an(1 that in justice h l placing -- a m this class are S2 00. Applicants r for prem accompany their samples with a written state- - over her apparel, and she was only saved by had done "me I therefore pat my arms ment of the time when made, numberof cows bavin? the blazing dress torn ofl her. The his neck and kissed iiim, Vthrno- T made from, quant tv of sa t per pound used, 'klessness with which many persons handle had rarely if ever done before, and whis-how manufactured, washed or otherwise, and how packed .to entitle them to awards by the inflammable fluids is surprising considering pered, "All right, I am going to be a good are continu- - girl; see if I don't!" This .was after a little the vast number of accidents judges, 7 Aipliean 7 reflection. - I then asked my husband to . ally occurring. ' A company their samples with a written answer Oxk of the most notable events that has oc- leave me to .myself, which he did. I spent to the fo'llowin-- ' questions: How many cows in your dairy? Do 3 011 feed c'urrcd in the Territory since our last issue, was the afternoon in prayer and contemplation, grain or roots? If so, what kind, and when? the holding of the Indian council at Spring- - not 'with tears and head and heartache, as I What is your usual average yield per cow? 7 Vilie. Utah countv. A few straight-forwar- d sisters anrraro"somc bt riiy ' pixunises satisfied the Indians assemble,!, who do, and have done.- I knew the woman ouh Nvho was to. become wife to my 7 Do you returnScream? if so, when amtlu)wT xpress a In what manner do you warm milk for tlu tinned peace, but believed they had not been Miusuana nas a irue, wonmn; weeter-tenipe- r, of rennet'. irmre atrectionatev ol,lig-- y reception j ustly t reatetl. I f Uie omiscs again made to Do you use a thermometer? than inyself. G(,ssip nd need be little fear of To what temperature do you heat milk for them are Kirformel, iu.er u.ut x wrongeu ami trouble from them; but if they arc broken and ;VOUH the reception of rennet? . trampled on the poor htstond'selse that she How do you preserve your rennet? .f (He assuran.-cprovc einply wols, give., von my ,uuI heart from In what do you set your milk? .nor, trouble ...ay l looked for In a long m : How do j'ou separate whey from curd? that go.s,sipcoul.l j ,va3 aware. course of exixr.enee w.th the Iiwhans, Pres.- What time consumed in scalding process? thaso .ipgak truly concerning things, unless I low do you scald curd? dent oung has ever retained their confidence, t kUorUI T l,n,l tlm ennfsif. ,, hat .quantity of salt.do.-yo-u ue to te dimply because he a lwayr performed all that I made ' . . up my mind that if slander ever . . 1'UIT.li xo nau never reason vy Do you color your curd? if so, with what and V :in.u,l"wl spoke 6f me as she had done of others, she if xrlinf stage? Miouoc nis worn, 11 is saiu mat mueii or the should bear false witness. I would do riirht. late cause for uneasiness relative to the Uintah 1 would live nearer the Lord than I had I)o3'ou put curd to press cold 'or hot? What amount of i)ressure do you apply? Indians might have been avoided, had the In- - ever done, would seek His Spirit more d In' How long do you press? What is the average weight of your cheeses? dian agent not been over anxious to showr that gently than I had ever known how to do he swayed higk authority, and, disregarding before; I would try to so goodlmd just Do you bandage your cheese? if so, when? Where are they kept? . the advice of men having experience with the and that no one, however What do you apply to the surface in curing? Indian character, he took a course calculated worthy, should supercede me in any of my. How often do you turn them? , claims. to lawful I this to of instead irritate conciliate myseff them. promised There -What kind of a press do you use? :r What disposition do you make of your whey? are hostile Indians still supposed to be in the a,ul to ne Lord. I have kept that promise . Do you keep a dairy account? and the Lord has rewarded me every neighborhood of Sanpete and the Sevier, and , What was your average, inwinic y. 1 ave Decome pleasant aim cheerful ier cow last against these troops haverbech dispatche.1. 77 7 yea r? in myiuougms anu in my ways; a truer CLASS andmore consistent helpmate: a more de W03LN'S VOICE. voted and faithful mother, a stronger, purer Best ten pounds sugar ..........Silver Medal and better woman; and Jiappier in life than 2nd best ten pounds sugar, ..Diploma1 EiUTon Woman's Exponent: from. one hundred one. Best gtillon Having finished my Svashincr, irot supper I ever was before being brought into the molasses............... gallons over, and the children Jo bed, 1 sit down to practice of the law, of celestial of plural tt one from ten quarts wine... quart write to you. I notice that you seem to marriage. AVhoever may allow "iolyg-- 4 tt fruir. ..7. preserved tt canned fruit avoid personalities in your publication as amy," as practiced bythereal Lalter-da- y tt preserved corn.. much '.as. possible. Butwhat I have 4o my bairns,, to make them .weak and nnserable, At ... preserved vegetables.:....,;. js chiefly concerning myself and my private 1 know that it can and will bless and exalt it preserved meats affairs, and yet is illustrative of a principle, those who enter into and live in it wisely,. it assorted pickles.. Once, T considered it scandalous and out- - for this is what it has done for me; thanks The awards for the second best in this class are.. ,..$2 00 nigeous for our family concerns to be bandied and glory 1e given to the Founder and a'.uiit and judiciilecl or groaned over bv all Creator 0f the eternal law! v . '" Country Woman. Vermont election occurs onthe 3rd laoJ4tckheads in the Christian comnuiui-- j inst. ties around us; but now. I have become so plonday livening, Aug. 20, 1872. HOME AFFAIRS. Best colleetioii7 of useful and ornamental : articled ir()iliK-oiv aiiv Female Belief d . has-bee-n ; - -- - it-- uM 1 . ; i My-iiaxTAXX- " r 2.-- lnen th 44 - slTnin rn 1 i . r A -- .ut - -- .. - . , less-reflecti- ng - a-sec- it . ond vnoie-souie- , T s AJ - U ,ti, 1 . I 1 self-sacrifici- ng 1 -- -' . - U.-Cox- f 7 Tixi'Ei). -- : . 