i Jesses 40 AV ANECDOTE OF SEWARD. H. t. OMAN'S EXP ON EN T. WALLACE r "Has the best, largest and purest stock of eonfec Not. long ago a gentleman was telling me a Senatorial anecdote of, and dating back to tionary" in Salt Lake city." Just the place for ladies the days. Mr. Seward had made to purchase. "l WOMAN'S EXPONENT a speech something about the telegraph when Mr. Toombs, of Georgm, rose tareply, 0AMPBELL & PATTERSON, A UTAH INDIES' JOUHNAL and made a speech of personal abuse o and in Dealers Books, Stationery Newspapers, Seward. He wrought himself up into a rage and lashed about in the most aggressive East Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah. '. The women of Utah occupy a position which manner. He finished and took his seat. As attracts the the attention of from solicited. Orders country intelligent thi? king men and Mr. Seward rose from his chair every eye worsen everywhere. They ire engaged ..in' Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. was bent upon him with the greatest ; anxi solution of some pf thq greatest ?oei:i I and inoral General Agents for Womak's Expojtint. - ety. With calm, measured step, her walked is manU protlems of the age, and a powerful inte fested throughout thd United States, and, it may be toward Mr. Toombs. It was noticed that said, the lentire civilized world, to leafn frAm reliable his. right hand was underneath the rear J) R . W. H. GROVES, sources the views honestly entertMincd-J)DENTIST, them on locket of his coat. There was apprehension 'iT that he was concealing a pistol, and Mr. Office Second South Street Three doors west of these questions. LI. ;f half a block east of Great. Wea'ern ante-bellu- m . ' to-d- ay the-practica- if - V b n- l es-- t i y Mr. Seward reached him, he drew out his Store, bait Jke Office Hours from 9 a.m. to 5 p.nu snufF-toxin-, ami his hand, opemng poli tely fed. His ad versa ry to taker a pi nch of snuffc "My CJorti" said Mr. Toombs, "Mr. Sewartl, jDIESBAZAR? have you no feelings?" "Take a pinch of 31113. WILKINSON, .ilrr-- : it .snuff; then returned to his scat without any allu- - Fasiiioxabe Milliner and Dressmaker. Wholesale add Retail Dealer in Millinery. Straw sion So Mr. Toombs or bis speech, made an Good., and all kinds of fancy and Staple Dry Goods. able argument in favor of his measure, Sole azent for the Territory fbr.JJL'me Demorest's which carried. Coolness a ml sel reliable paper patterns. Orders from the country so-will always win the victory over hot temper lieited ; patterns sent by mail. Removed to the new Establishment, 1st South St next door west of Z. C. and passionate invective. "Washington M. I. Wholesale Dry Goods Department. , vi lw?ll.-the-y6urgitatioH- e: letter." JOHNSON'S R eta i i. Di: v Goods Dkpa rtmext. 11; Elephant Hotel, Uity. Toombs fricmlscrowdediirouhdhim.iWjien HOMEMADE FAMILY MEDICINES . c'nU' fy in the rec';;.t of all Seasonable, Warranted to be Better than the Best ' i n hey have been grossly misiepresented through the press, by aciive enemies who permit no opportu nity to pass of maligning and sland ering them ; and wiln but limited opportunity of appealing- - to the in telligence and candor of theii; felldw co intryinen and r .: ; countrywomen i reply 'J ... , Who Hre so well able to speak for the women of t the women of Utah themselves? "It is bet- ertTrre?entjourselvS than to bo misrepresented by others I ' Utah r,..,:: For these reasons, and that women may help each other by the ditfusion of knowledge and information possessed by many and suitable tu all, the publica- ion of WoMiN'a ErpoNSNT, a journal owned by, controlled by and edited by Utah ladies, has been commenced . r We are '. 7-:- ,., ; . Im- The ai in of thh journal will be to discuss every Fashionable, Pre- Gtxls Suitable for the great va subject intTPtting and valuable to women. It will contain a brief and graphic summary of current news ported, and Give Ample Satisfaction. riety of our Pn ron?. local and general, household hints, educational matWe continue to manufacture the Celebrated ters, articles on health and dres., correspondence, BONES ET PILLS. Purely vegetable. They editorials on leading topics of interest tuiluble to its SALT LAKE GLOVES. cleanse and purify the blood, stomach and bowels. columns and miscellaneous reaJing. Children! Hosiery, Shoe, and Glove?a specialty. Act powerfully upon the liver, kidneya and urinary organs. Break up fevers, strengthen digestion and It will aim to defend the righ , inculcate sound While we carry a fine utock of the elegant fabrics bring the Lue health to face of emaciated. Are roy principles, aiid dieminaW uselul knowledge. of the day, yet the grand taple?, such as Domestics, tonic, cathartic, stimulant, "and soothe, by removing the cause of disease. Are safe and harmless in all Utah, iu its Female Kelief Societies, has the best Check?, Stripes, Donltn, etc , are offered at the low cases where cathartics'are required, for either sex, for organised tenevolent institution of the age; yet, but or old. Try them fairly, and you will never littlo is known of the est possible ligu'p. young labors of these use any more imported pill3. Price 25 cents. d;cietits. In, Womik's Kxpj.vknt a department and other will be devotel to reports of thcirni'-etin"K YE BALSAM. For dimness weak or rf vision, II. D. CLAWSON, Sup't. matters of interest connect d with their workings; drooping eyelids, inflamed eye3, old ulcers, sores, and to this end the and ecretaries of the ringworm, w.iers, cracKca or sore hps, hands, etc. various Societies ' '' throughout the Territory are rePrice 25 cents; J quested to furnish communications which will receive ' r Go to Taylor & Cutler s for Dress Goods, No C05KLIN SALE. For pains o? weakness in due attention. tions, etc Also Cheapest Store fur, Family Gro the side, back, breast, or other parts of the system, MissElizi K ''now, Prefident of the entire Female cuts, wounds, sores, etc. Price 25 cents. ceries in town. Call and see. Kelief Societies cordially approves of the journal, ESSENCE OF LIFE cures cholera, diarrhea, and will b" a contributor to it as she ha leisure from summer complaints, coughs, cholic3, toothache, and her mmicrou- - duties. SEWING MACHINES. yEED T many other ills. Price 50 cents. J.'''"'- 1 self-acriiici-ng I g Prei-ident- : :jjvdies - - - : . s l ' . te . , Stitch Alike on llotli Sides. The Lightest Running - SHUTTLE MAf 'HINK In the World. Woman's Exponknt will be published semiITiese medicines are for sale, wholesale and retail, at monthly, each number containing eight pages, quarto. The following low rate3 will place it within the ZION 8 reach of all, and the hope is that it DRUG STORE, nitty be made so Salt Lake City, rand atraosrof the " throughout the Territory. tive co-opera- - stores Utah. oewa xine ana uoarse. o springs nor Cogs. No If not kept in your stores, ask your merchants to to Oil or Clean it. Uklng apart sond for them. . ,urt ircu,arJ0 N Kimball Rlock, Salt Lake stores throughout the Territorv fur ,lr- IRA PFOUTZ, Agt nished on commission, or sold at rates advantageous to purchasers. ' TERMS, Strictly in Advance : 1 ID Copy one year, Copies on year, ftoo is.m i Copy six month, io Copies fix months, ii.00 U.OO Co-operat- ive I wouM Tnrlor and . ,Ui?e the Ladies who want to buy fin IW-r- o m t of- fumim t v aa a.&.iAi4 a - " finnune the itnuiene ftock kept by J .-- i-- II. DINWOODEY, At N.. si, East Temple Street, and Ho. ' South Street. AGENTS are authorized to refund the where the medicine do 'not give satisfactionmoney 8tributetothe poor needingj,h& pills at expense of the proprietor of amount disposed of. ( one-twelf- th First is Address 'all communications and subset fption Publisher WouaVs Exposkkt, Salt Lake' '" From the Laboratory of To, subscription n ceived for less" tha-- i irx inonths. earn Uly desired that the nUb:dps;;PresidenU of Female Kelief Societies and other interested in a work of this kind, will interest tb'eWelves in getting up clubs; ten copies for the price of nine; It J. E. JOHNSON, St. George, Utah. Utah. - . - f v - iy. - T" 