SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER Vol. I. J No. 11. , 1872. X I EDITOBIAL NOTES. The easiest thing in the world to make a mistake. : Judge Curtis got eight thousand dollars for defending Mrs. Fair, and securing her frit f rmrlori ruilr rrnf i hllllpf' j Ox Tuesday next, the 5th Inst., the Uni- ! ted States will elect the President" for the jufour y ears cpliimeneingaitMth4B10r f One's teeth chatters to think that while : Utah has been having u delightful Indian Summerthe crowning enjoymentof Miehi-- f ganders was sleigh-ridinthe discoverer of I Staley-AtbicaxuI Livingstone, will lecture on his African ex-- ! perienee, and may "discover" Salt Lake on nnmiiffnl i g. s, Agassi z "fished" in the Sacramento V river, and by exploding torpedoes caught 1 about alhousand. But it was science that i atithorizedlhe finny butchery. ; rjt Tbe great question of the, coming Presi-- y dential electian still remains undecided jand radicals of the two contending parties continue slashing at each other with increase ' i- - ! ing violence. , "Pomeroy's Democrat" saysBrigham moth-- ! Young's smallest child has forty-nin- e ers. If he appreciates the worth of one I mother as. 'he should' do, he must consider : that child blessed indeed. 7 Payment of workmen on Mondays' in-- : stead of Saturdays, is being agitated in the f( east. A sensible movement, and one that I may prevent much intemperance, if it does J no further good, should it prevail. One of the most shocking and terrible incidents we find recorded in late news items, is that of a little boy, in Lexington, only ; seven years of age, purposely and ately shooting and killing a little girl five I years of age. the Greeley says "strategyto in politics isThe i tribute which craft pays strength: I wolf-skitoo tail is the.foxs short, proving, 1 pressed into service to piece it out." That'squoting Bulwer's. "Richelieu" with a presI .. n I Dacotah, on the line of the Northern Pacific,in Idaho, Arizona, and in other parts of the great sparcely settled portion of the United States, wjiile delegations of chiefs are- - visiting Wash i ngton, and bei ng feasted and petted there. . However wise may be the general policy of Government towards the Indians, spect to citizens by reason of race, creed, color, or previous condition of servitude." events of the 3iongthe mctamportant current year will be counted the opening of the telegraph lines across the continent of South Americaconnecting Valparaiso witlL Buenos Ayres, and to Australia, connecting Melbourne and Singapore. When connec- - betbnndtcrct aridtbe Indian troubles in Texas, in ant application; it wiirbFunsuccessful until . i Cape "of Good Hop, Pahariia arid and the Indians; and honest men seem a San Diego shall be made, telegraphic bonds will then bind together the whole civilized scarce article in such positions. world. "And railways and .steamships wil I Gross frauds are charged in the late liasteiu oniniakingtlie . inlmbitantsof the Pennsylvania election ; and what is worse, earth as near one &milasiitheIrzriQ!il-custom- s in several instances glaring ones have been and notions will admit of their he-- 1 proved. Just when money can buy the comlng.7.1: repiisijnu JrAr FROUDErthe eminent English histo--riaah both or combined,to carry electipn, them, has been telling New Yorkers what he at that time republican liberty has received knows about Ireland's dissatisfaction under its death blow in the country, and central- its subjugation to England; and frankly conkind fessed ized tyranny of any Jhat, with other intelligent Englishof will the need only wait capitalists and men, hejwas at a loss to understand the clever scoundrels who may be placed in con- cause -- ofthat dissatisfaction. Wheri such 1 trol of election matters. men honestly admit their ignorance on so A terrible horse disease is spreading important a matter, there is reason to hope in epidemic form through the Eastern States. that it may be intelligently enquired into; the great blunder has been Having made its appearance in Canada but in the past, about a month ago, it has spread into the one that is too common in many things and United States, and has attacked thousands with many persons, of imagining that everyon thousands of animals. Science cannot thing was understood, and proceeding to reaccount for it, and the knowing ones are be- move causes of vevil which did not exist, wildered. It is one of the signs of the times while the actual causes were left untouch ed which the wise understand, but which those and undiscovered. who disregard the workings of a higher - "There' is no longer Taiiy temptation to Power among the nations vainly seek to indulge in tight lacing for a small waist is not now considered fashionable; that is, a comprehend.' of proportion to the height of the Sarah M. Huntingdon of Norwalk, waist out and the breadth of the. shoulders Connecticut, is likely to be the first woman are, therefore, happily that will cast a vote for President of the Fashion and comforteach other. Another reaccordance with in United States. On Saturday last, the 26th the waist is now displayed the form is ult., she was duly recognized by the select- natural that length, which, in a properly promen of that town, and on next Tuesday can cast her ballot for G rant or Greeley as potent portioned figure, is in a line mid way between and the lowest rib." 7 We clip tho ly as any "independent sovereign" in 4he the hip from a lady's magazine. It is r to forgoing country. All honor to Norwalk, which has be hoped that news of this set the example to all other towns in the and widely, spread, is States, by following the lead of Utah and and the being rapidly change adopted. If fashion could Wyoming, in giving to woman representadispense with the temptation 'to indulge :Z tion with taxation. , in the use of high heels and ; hunch-backofficial York The trial of the New and some other ridiculous, unnatural and to commenced said have be thieves may cruel customs, she would be a much more with that of Mayor Hall, and so far the dis- pleasing and loveable tyrant than she now closures show how the tax payers of that appears. city were robbed. When New York, Two eminent Americans have passed Washington; Boston, Chicago, San from earth since the last issue of the ExFrancisco and a few other large cities weed ponent; one Wm. H. Seward eminent out their official rogues, their masculine de- as a statesman; the other "Fanny Fern" of dens and their of infamy virtue, stroyers famed in the world of letters. The nation and vice, we will be content at their paying mourned the honored Seward, and unaffect-e- d a little attention to Utah. But their work sorrow was felt when his death was an-- ., of justice arid labor of charity "should begin nouncech The authoress, too, had a wide at home. : ., circle of mourners. ;But death strikes - the the prominent with as little hesiIf the following could be adhered to and lofty and its regulation respected the , complaints tation as the lowest and most obscure. It is about tyrant officials and misconstructions of the common lot, and they meet it best who law, order and justice, would cease to vex meet it bravely after well spent lives. The the ears of the Government: "Completo people of Utah should preserve green thq who, animated by liberty and exact equality in the enjoyment memory of Mr. Seward, of.all civil, political, public and private rights liberal views and possessing a statesman's mind, was evfer should be established and effectually main- enlightened and tained ; throughout the Union by efficient opposed to. tho persecution and proscription, and appropriate Stale and Federal legisla- sought to be directed against them, and ention. Neither law nor its administration deavored to have their rights as Amerishould admit of any discrimination in rc- - can citizens justly observed. n, pre-determin- ed I , common-sensere-for- m s, A gentleman in Paris had his false f teeth seized upon for debt; ho claimed that they werelsacxed, as a'part of his person, 'and that the officer had no right to touch them, but the officer contended that he had. Are teeth personal property ? It is a some query. An Iowa patriarch is too old to be fashionable. Over eighty, he is yet the father old baby, the last of thirty, of a three-yea- r zland ia proud of his jungcsHereXnXh such a man with his wife would command - respect, as an honor to the - common wealth-Ho- w is it in Iowa? still . Virginia, the "Old Dominion," horse racing with ladies for riders; and at a recent fair in Culpepper, three fair equestrians rode so well that the judges had to decide by 'lot wThich should have the prize. There is more vigor of body and manly honesty to the next generation in such exercises being enjoyed by the coming mothers, than lolling in cushioned chairs devouring trashy sentimental novels can give. 1 " en-jo- ys Pihla-delphi- a, " ' far-seei- ng 