Kamas Writttn for the ExroHfKT LONGINGS- All night! All dark! j ! "VVearyi! ' At a meetiug held iu Ithis place, Nov. . One good strong brain at the helm of the 15th, Sister Ann Harder presiding, it was family craft is worth several pairs of stout moYed,seconded and carried unanimously hands. 1s everything aboard ship depends that the word "Female" be dropped, from upon the skill with w hich the rudder hands the name of the Society, in accordance with are made tQ do their duty, so everything in the susrsrestibn of Sister Eliza It. Snow and the household depends on fhfv outlining nf others of our faithful sisterain the Belief the vear's. the week's, or the dav's work. Societies. Some satisfaction was expressed If the mistress leaves matters to drift as it at the: change, for . we had long considered happens, or trusts the management of her m- - affa K worn uuua-iriue iwiw fication of the appellation. The Exponent will soon find -- herself in the - midst of was warmly advocated by the President, inextricable confusion. We cannot but and several of the sisters. WTe felt to think that more than hal f the blame misendorse the sentiment so ably expressed on tresses upon their servants for work ill the last page of your valuable publication: done orlay un(nn( toinnrs at thpir own donr. uIt represent ourselves than to I be misrepresented by others." We have uu uultw K.riuniiiLii n i i ill i iiiiiiiw ill iviiii tw oeen misrepresented lor so Jong a time tnat edges her inability to setup for herself: she some rnay consider it not w b so doing that she needs a lndefense of the thnfir ;itrAWv be pre truth at this late hour. But we may at least scribed by another. When fully instructed assert our right to utter our own . opinions, in the routine she is to follow, she may be For since the left to herself, in a belief and knowledge. measure; but rare is that glorious Gospel of the Son of God has made seryant who does not need at times the i. us free, we are - free 'indeed, and seek- - to the though tfulness, the aid of sympathy, honor the God whom we revere, and trust her mistress in accomplishing the work in Him who is the Kockt)f expected of her. Our great merchants, our Mrs, Phebe Young, leading bankers, our prominent railroad Ass't Secretary. men do not trust the management of their business to subordinates. They visit every Alpine City, Nov. 21st, 1872. important post in person, and by prox. Editor Exfonent: At our last meeting a and know by ocular inspectionnotthat every vote was carried unanimously in favor of is one needs to If thing right. engineer her dispensing with the" word "Female" as an way in household matters when1 she can unnecessary prefix to the name of the hire muscle to The sisters feel well and are on more is brain-wor- k carry out her plans, much Society. necessary when she has dand to do their duty as Saints. own but hands to depend upon. her nothing We have a hundred-dolla- r share in the It is worth while in such a case to study out woolen factory at Proyo, a twenty-fiv- e . ' Heaven is full of rest bo dreary, Life so poor at best And yet we all must take an active part, Nor sink beneath the burdens of tbe heart. Earth seems w ; Hopeless and gad Our way may be Lord make us glad . To worship Thee. Oh! lead our footsteps in some brighter path;-Teac- h man to him Thou givest all he hath. is-bette- r-to epeak-fbrourselvesr- K B. SOCIETY HEPOItTS. Sister Amelia M.FrodslmmwriteaJrom Ogden under date Nov. 22: We have been having severely cold weather, still a few of the sisters met in the capacity of a meeting on the coldest day we have had There is a lively interest taken in the Society, and great desire to do good is manifested in caring for the poor:' This work is one of-- grave interest to me, and I -- that much good inay be accomplished through the Exponent. The sisters need not be idle, and think they have no mission to perform, for even that of wifeand mother is, to me, a vast and noble one. Yet in connection with these cares, we can find time to speak words of kindness and comfort to those who are cast down, administer t the wants of the ioor, and visit the sick; is God will open the hearts that My prayer of those who have means to give to those who have not, and both will receive a blessing. I believe when people do good deeds their own consciences reward them for it. - ,..-.,- ffifsfiui and our-Salvatio- feel ,.i,i n 1 Hope sends her light. Like some bright star; And lends us sight To joys afar; That we may see wisdom in Thy ways, Nor spend, in vain repining, all our days. 31. J. T. Fkovo. : HOUSEHOLD HINTS. 24, 1872. Editor Womans Exponent: - So drear and sad ! 'No light 1 No imieeparir JLo make me glad; No loving arms to twine around me now; No tender kiss to soothe my aching brow. "Wear Prairie, Nov. . n.- , the best plan for the week's campaign, to store, have decide upon what first shall be done and donated twenty-liv- e dollars to help gather what to next, arrange the points of attack he bamts, and made other collections to be in most skillful and felicitous manner, the used for the benefit of the poor, to the amount of sixty dollars. We try to give, and with reference to the time and the power that may be devoted to accomplish and take, lessons of economy. ends. By this means the houseI have been a member of this church for the desired will know exactly what she is doing, hirty years, and have never seen a time keeper when the truths of the Gbsnel w ere so en how her work progresses, and be able to take advantage of whatever may turn up couraging as at present. The Lord said he favorable to her wishes. Most of us can call would choosy the weak things of this world to women mind of feeble health who accomo confound the wise. This is beinjr fulfilled: On Saturday, Nov. 23, at the general and the wisdom of God is greater than that plish marvels in the way of work, simply by theirskuun planmng.-I- n this men inay help Meeting, which is held Semi of man. heir wives very much, if they wilL The monthly in the 1 4th Ward Assembly McCullougii. Margaret unbiased judgment of a friend is often of the Rooms, President Mrs. Isabella Horn exgreatest:Value to onefretted and wearied by. pressed a great desire to witness a revival SANTAtiUIN, Nov. 10th, 1872, coraplications and periexities in his affairs; among the sisters; that they might become DiTOit Woman's Exponent: man coming in from the great world more united igl faith, and also in the extendI forward a brief report to you, of our last The of domestic life can ing and promulgating of every wise and monthly meeting, held on the 7th inst, at into the little-worl- d benefichdprinciple. And for this cause, she which a vote was taken to omit the word often tell at a glance at what point friction hoped that the meetings would be well "Female" from tho name of the Society, as is greatest, exactly where the fulcrum shall attended during the coming winter. Com suggested, which was unanimous. Presi be placed so that with the lever in hand the .1 I i.1 J weight to be moved shall be lifted. Whpro. xng logcuier auu noiuing converse in an dent! the abjlity to ma intelligent manner, upon topics of interest, returned from a visit to Salt Lake City, th(T VU?ting out to her h?e of 0Peratlons serves an the husband enlighten, refine and elevate the made some executant and very cheering mm mental faculties; and the more there are remarks. ne should use this talent for Several hiVhlv rnrnmfkMo possesses it, th to the us associa best of both parties. It matters who good together, the broader will articles wero read from iht Kvim-rvbe the current of intellectual improvement. which we value atthe very much: and meetingr not 'hich half of tho dualw unit-- stands mm hoiisxrcld-bcmade-JN,arThe e andom ad iourned until th e firstr3rondavinDeceTnTt w"ei,iiineourbeoi-tnsnip fortable, would accommodate a goodly ber. Benediction by Counselor Mrs. Green- - tQardJhe desired Mven, and awuy from rocks and Shoals. ''New York Tribune." ;nnmber, and she desired to see it well filled halch' every meeting day. A number of the sisters : . Julia Wilson, Secretary. Wtuite C.VKE. One cup of butter, two of made short but pithy remarks. one of milk, four and a half of flour, The will of the late Mrs. Vrabella Rice, sugar, Physiology was chosen for the subject to four eggs, one and a half teaspoonful of of Portsmouth, N. ll.. who is said to have be considered at the next meeting. been the wealthiest lady in the State, dis cream of tartar, half dor of sodari Brig ham City, Nov. 20. 1 8 72, poses of about $200,000 in legacies: anions- Soyt Gingerbread. One cup of ino- those of a public nature being $30,000 to the I lasses one of sour cream, two egcrs, salt. Fditor Woman's Exponent. At a recent meeting of our society a town of Kittery for a public library, $20,000 pnoPr, one teaspoonful of soda; make it motion to have the word "Female" dropped to tne btate Asvium for the insnno. rfnrr Illitft itliiVA llllll ilVUll from the name, according to sister ElizaH7 $3,000 eachrto the PortsmouthAtheneum Potatoes.- - Always add salt to the water Snow's suggestion, was carrcd by a unani- and Unitarian Church. - ' while potatoes arc boiling; boil moderately, mous vote. thousand croats lean not violently, and let them be only well Seventy Angora Harriet A. Snow. President. from precipice to precipice in California. covered with water. . lte-trcnehm- dollar share m our Co-operat- ive ent - A " 1 1 j.Stickney4who3adjuj I m . T g m- i - XT A A m js-ev- ;f - er i 