EXPONENT, WOMAN'S 103 dent, charging fraud upon GiaiU's ictorykuehndm ......A lady in Louisville has discovered in as short a period us possible, in reason ami SPLINTERS. . rliurj u'liioK vroro lmtmr wnrt thnnmplvps into more reliable and carriedmvay and 'hidden by Kits...... A re- - substantial conditions, where self support will ward is offered pf $ ,000 by the '.'Sun Fran- be at once necessary am easy,and suitable. cisco police, tor the arrest and conviction -HOME AFFAIRS. of an unknown desperado. l Froudo is ill and his lectures have been postponed .... . .The will of Mr. and Mrs. Greeley leaves the property to the two daughters...... A bill has been introduced at Washington "asking the grant of a pension of $2,000 yearly to the widow of the late 1 T- Gen- : THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT eral Meade..... The public debt statement shows a decrease of tlie debt, during the tOUISE IrtiiJEIiXK, Editor. Thiers month of December of $1,108,220 Published in Salt Lake Ci,ty, Utah. Terms: consents to remain President if the minis One coj.y one year, $2; one copy, six months, Si. Ten conies ters will withdraw their resignations...... In for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, eight of nonpareil space, ons time, $2; per month, X Lake county, Oregon, the Indians are caus lines Campbell Patterson, General Agent?, East Temple street, Lake City. ing considerable trouble; all the settlers on Salt Address all bu?ine$a communications to .Link river are reported murdered...... A Publishers Woman's Exhoskxt, Salt Lake City, Utah. crop of cotton raised this season on the , . Pacific coast, turns off over four hundred SALT IiAKE CITYDECEMBEIi loj 1872r - pounds tdhe ac Valley has had a conflagration... ..Somebody JRESEREIIIALTH has discovered a splendid ledge coal near the Central Pacific Railroad, The worst spendthrifts irthe Chris who squander their health. For. without twenty miles from Virginia; City. tina Rosetti is in a decline In the Senate, health, success in any profession is uncertain on the 2nd inst., the Chaplain in his opening prayer referred to Horace Greeley as one To man mjseTreiTnraa -- semi-monthl- y, A -- -- 'of.-ston- to theTailure of kind...,Prigr the banking Josie Mansfield is reported to have been a deposi tor in that establishment to the amount of The Secretary of the Treasury $37,000 excess of imports over exports for reports ' the united States in trade with foreign countries, during- - the fiscal year, ending Sumner would June, 1872. $182,548, 99 have the names of battles with fellow citizens discontinued on the army register, and avcr placed oaUhe regimental-color- s of the United States. Seamen pronounce late storms on the lakes, the heaviest ever known.... . .Brooklyn's gpice mills have reBall playcently been consumed by fire and ing, military drill, rowing archery are late recommendations of healthful among exercise for women Susan B. Anthony . 1,. -- and! fourteen charged -- with illegal voting, have been arraigned before United States Commissioner Storrs .A other-wom- en, outraged- thg of nature, there is little enjoyment to be realized when deprived of health, compared with what mighthave been its acconipahirnent.A great man once remarked to a young pro- fessional, "I am certain I could have erformed mitting-labora-ofrone-wlio-- has- - . participants appearing to meet "with pleasure and satisfaction. tioni ox EXT. is worthy of note that in tl)c 'splendid new meeting house of the Sixteenth Ward in this It cityrwhicfi-i--buiIdiiig-iiiMlerthe.JurlsHctio- iir Society.! And ..the Society deserveheompli-law- s menf, for their words and works show that thev are an energetic and faithful association., Tiik iXTEtiioit of the First jVm, AVanl School to which our attention was lately drawn, and the merits of which, with well formed friends, we had the pleasure of dialog ? f.irfflinlv Wftrtw nf minpufiflffti.v quors, shot and severely wounded his wife, The subject before us is an important one if clearly considered, the one most important of all subjects, to every reasoning being. - One do for one's self that which cannot be tlone by another, either for good or kid ; and also that which can not be done for another be that and-influenc- . . SELF SUPPORT. ng furniture The Vienna . Exposition is to have a 200,000 gallon salt water acquarium..... A free use of lemon juice for rheumatism is prescribed by English and French, physicians...... A cave, of several hundred tons, occurred in the Eureka Consolidated mine a short time ago, but no one was injured..;'... Sumner tells a touching story of the wreck of the "Assyria," an English freight vessel. .A locomotive on the San Jose Railroad was recently thrown from the track by a cow, locomotive turned over and four ears badly smashed. How's that, will the owner of tha cow be required to pay damages?...... The Greeley electors of Arkansas, it is said, have assembled and cast the vote of tjie State for B. Gratz Brown for President, and N. P. Banks of Massachusetts for Vice Presi- - learn from her own pen of the good health of .Miss E. R. Snow, and the satisfaction she had realized in journeying up to the 17th ult., thelatest date contaiiilMpiirher eohlhiunira education who may enter it, is truly gratifying even to casual visitors. The TEitKjni.iTesults attendant on dissipation and a disregard for morality and temper ance has again been woefully 'depicted in this city, in the case of Mr. ami :ir. orimtns. In the forenoon of Friday, the oth inst., Griffith, otheTheve self labor are the only true methods by which one can become intelligent or rich in any sense, Men and women who have distinguished them- selves as persons of honor and usefulness, have carved their own roads up the rugged hill of science and philosophy. Those who are lifted from one notch to another and pushed along doctor's horse...... Thieves lately entered the continually by the strength of Allegany Hospital at Pittsburgh, u.hhI unless have all the power and friends, they and The Ladies of Utah will all be gratified to - - Pennsyiva-,niaandcarriedofflthe.bedclothi- the-War- both better and with greaterease to myself, if I had knora as much of the laws of health andlife attwenty-on- e as I do now." 2sostudycan be of more importance to the human fondly than that of the human physique ua Hen. roroniv avitii DTODer uiiaersfnnflincr of the corporeal structure of a system, can the promotion of its usefulness and longevity be safely attempted or permanently secured. And one of the most reprehensible features in modern prodigality is the little attention paid to the uivme regulations or economy in regard to health. ; small muff of black fox fur, in some places, costs $300...... Hereafter the Prussian Government will use only American papor for its bank notes...... A recently deceased French gentleman bequeathed to the widows of Paris an. annuity of $G,000.... While E. Cady Stanton and JoslynGagejire both for Grant,- the husbands of both these ladies voted for Greeley, it is said...... Edinburgh has decided that the lady medical students in the University are entitled to be educated and take degrees....... It is pro- poseil to erect a printers' monument to the memory of Greeley.. .r..T wo high stepping colored boya supply the place of a Baltimore season was spent at party in the Thirteenth AVanl Assembly Rooms, on the evening of the "12th inst., young and old mingling sociably together, and all fe . very enjoyable aii 1' ia ui".fet oonvenienees ar ,uX. ,,k arrnnl fnrtlnP,nnu uous with the intention of killing her; afterwards shooting himself in such a manner as to prowe-a-re duce the desired effects-Ye- t, informed G that Mr was' at one time' a steajly, respected-ca- n ?nd:veo: reliable manVi 'Tiie FntsT Ward Free Librarya Juyid- - J gome assortment of valuable works, thettles of whTcI are cleverly written on neat cards which, in con- nection with maps and charts, grace the carefully finished walls of the room, is deserving special observation. And much credit is due to the Bishop of the Ward, brotherjJJoseph Warburton, who, we understand, isj himself the skillfull manager of these concerns. A fine brick building, the completion of which will very shortly be attained by the industrious and ; foTce-theynireemselT- just claims to wealth.and reputation which the to take the place of the small adobie one. exertionsofoniersmaysometime JirLiXRN Burton, whose nmeral took to reach. It is not sale torust to such posses- place in this cify'on the 29th ult, stillliviiig in sions for hey will slip away, when the friends who founded them, wearj-o-f proping them up, or .ye themselves taken hence. o amount of gifts can aford the satisfaction d goods will brings It is better to ob am less of wealth, or honor, and feel the gratifying assurance, safety, and that self con- fidence which inspires .to renewed effortsthan to live in dread of being cast upon one's own resources with; no knowledge of what may well-earne- fol . the hearts of numberless sincere and devoted friends, will ever be remembered as one whose pure and lovely life was an example worthy of imitation by the most reflective and assiduous-h- at reformers. "As a teacher in Sabbath School," ' remarks Bisliop,Thomas Taylor, ofiering her works as a pattern for others, ''she could nolbe surpassed. She so won the affections of the children with whom she was associated that her class often became so large that it was : while the dutiful moraIs She tauht h word and actions will never be forgotten by those Sabbath course to be taken by persons in School schoUars who so loved her." It is ffi niT T ''Thebest andovs " - i I i 