i j ' 5 4YAft' ; uL i i ri . - i SALT LAKE CITV, CTAH, JULY Vol. I. i t i r i t i v i i i i v i i i i i m No: l. 1872 1 TsE WSXD VIEWS. party will carry, the State, for it is alleged that large sums of money are lieing used for Dea at Bureau. that purpose. The statement speaks vol? umcs the patriot ism," "intelliIn No vEmbeii, which? Grant or Greeley ? gence"concerning and "love of country" which aniexTjie Boston Jubilee did pay mate the voter man, bleached or colored. If G after is it averred. penses all, the allegation be correct, and we have not Happy Thrice happy Boston! seen it disputed, the integrity aiid safety of NKWtPERBLAf'KGUAiiniNC; and gross - misrepresentafiVnare among the chief char- party rich enough to buy power. acteristics of the Presidential campaign, as lrsT"llAiiTViH proioses, --asirs, -- usual. for the Presidency. of the United States. It was one of the most startling political acts that our country has yet seen. And, in accepting that nomination Mr. Greeley said, the time would yet come when it would be acknowledged that they were none the less Democrats because they nominated him, and that he was none the less a Republican because he accepted the nojn i nation. There is a strong combination of political .elements all over the country, not long ago bitterly opto each other, but now united in the GpTclenvlienhe steppedpnthelatform posed G i lmore's a it AXifi gatlierlng of - the in Cincinnati and lx)ldly claimed her right determination to make fr. G reeley Hi ej to speak,-wa- s musical clans lah Boston closMi insulted by the hoodlums" ncxtlesidenttth(intei indieatioiYS ifeint to the rourth, The sad refrain comes across the of7 the7 aiscml)Iyran continent that the Jubilee did not pay. that in future women go 5ne hundred in zThreeleadinG National Con ventioiis Chicago with an eye to thrift and pru- number ana stand up all togetiier, like an have lately been held, at Cincinnati, Philadence, grants licenses for the sale of fire iron ring, and surround and protect their delphia and Baltimore, and the advocates of crackers, and assesses a fine of ten dollars elected epeaker. That would be rather sen woman suffrage endeavored to present their for exploding them. That is munieipa sational, and, a pleasant out" for some of claims before each. At Cincinnati they were us; but who would pay the expenses, and rather ungracefully treated. At Philadelwisdom unalloyed. L look the babies while we were about phia a quasi recognition .was given to their England ir as discovered a new liquor to it, isafter a question that will bear consideration. demands. And as. the Baltimore Convenget drunk on. It is composed of naptha and American women, unaccustomed tion adopted the Cincinnati platfonn, no acether, will save wheat and barley and may knowledgement was made there of the right possibly fill prisons, madhouses rid graves to the proprieties which are deenied essen- of Woma n to t ho. ballot. Tim ca use of wo tial in many places outside of the U nifed as rapidly as older stimulating beverages. States, went walking- fashionably dressed at man suffrage evidently find.4 little sympathy i r teen hundred dollars lor each of the great political parties. Tho and expenses paid, was the tune a late hour, out in Edinburgh, Scotland, lo with. any to which Madame Pcschka Lcutnef sung at visit Ilolyrood Palace. Their stylish dress Philadelphia allusion to the services of woman and her rights, was included in the the J ubilee. She is reported to have "a attracted attention, and a ihob gathered around them, a couple of policTyineliaving platfomrforpolitieal effectpbut 'i?oTtfallpar- magnificent organ, " and her notes arc un finally to afford them protection and escort cnt as to be seen "through at a glance. Had the questionably golden ones." them to a place bf safety. There is a little Republican party meant in good faith what . TT. . COLLEGE liaS appointed ii COlllIIAVAKI) attached to this, which the public can their jilat form set forth their Congressmen, mittee to consider the propriety of admit inoral could easily have passed an amendiiTent to furnish to it themselves. beand is Dartmouth exercised ting girlsj conferring the suffrage The nomination of Horace Greeley and the Constitution cause the woman of fho age demands ad- B. Gratz Brown,: a couple of editors, made upon woman, and sent it to the Legislatures mission, ine worm moves, aim women in 3fciy, Jias been repeated at of the different States for ratification, as may claim the right, by and by, to have the at CincinnatiOn did with the one enfranchising the "Wednesday last, the 10th they best education which theJirst scat of learn Riltimore. Democratic Convention, negroes, women will ga i n a j u st recogn National the inst, in the can ing country of the right demanded when the peo impart. on the first ballot, gave Greeley G86 votes Kenttcky has another out of 732, and then made his nomination ple at large concede it, regardless o politi footed one, "Longfellow" by name, that won on the first ballot, re cians or party platforms. unanimous.. Brown, the Monmouth cup at the late Lonjr Branch ceived 713 Some five years ago a Miss Barber, of votes, when his nomination was races; and Kentucky is as enthusiastic ver also made unanimous. These two the ro men, Milford, Massachusetts, the fleet quadruped as if it were a gifted son of the State, who had performed some therefore, are the chosen candidates of two mantic idea of carrying civilization and reConventions, and as opposed to Grant finement to the Indians by marryiug a chief noblo deed which would reflect honor on great"Wilson have strong hopes of election to and accompanying him to his homo in the and himself, his family and the place that gave the highest offices within the gift of the Wilderness. She was married to Squatting mm birth. people. "Women cannot vote in the States, Bear, a young chief of the Brule Sioux, who "v THE bTOKES trial for tho murder of Fisk or they would be even stronger. was at Washington, in 1 867,-anwent with : ....... v d to draws to. a close, and the usual insanitv him his hunting-grounin Dacota. There Jennie Bit0NS0N4ias been the wife of a she fiction has been set up as a plea by the de found that Fennimore Cooper's glowing of New Orleans. But" a diMr. fense. If a few of these prominent cases 'of vorceHolbrook, red man, if not camo between them, and a new Mrs. descriptioas of the noble " as colored of in were "insanity,' pieces proso poetry, had developed murders, Holbrook took the place formerly occupied highly no reality among" the Sioux. - She found d confined for life in a mad by Jennie. Quite recently, whilojhe second several other Mrs. bouse, there would be fewer instances of it Mrs. Squatting Bears occupywas making her toileb . Jennie H. teing get up as a plea to save the hangman entered her dressing room and fired at her ing, the lodge of her .dusky, liege lord. Inof a job. Will Stokes be executed? Very a pistol. The two women clutched, stead of being approached with reverence with twice ' .. as a being of a superior race, and listened to unlikely. when the divorced woman took a bay rum JMiss Jsellie jQiiant is the champion bottle and battered it into pieces over the wih eagerness while she poured noblo sentraveler., ine telegraphic news lately an- other's head. She then demolished furni timents into the ears of those dwellers of nounced she was in Switzerland, and the ture and fixings, routed the domestics, and the plains, she was treated like the other next night the same reliable source of in was finally removed to prison, leaving a squaws,'compelled to do the usual drudgery of an Indianrs wife, beaten like a dog, and telligence Had Her in London at a sessibn of dying woman behind. This should . be compelled to wiincss the murder of one of the House of Lord?: Doubtless Miss Nellie charged to a madly jealous disposition and his squaws by herivage husband'. She is an estimable young woman, but the way an ungoverned temper; but it might bo the is talked of in the newspapers must be a charged to matrimony and divorce "just as tried to escape, was captqred, nearly killed, source of great 'annoyance in the future sensibly as somo people charge every do- and sold to a Choyeniic chief for three when she comprehends fully how ridiculous mestic difficulty in ..u tab to plural marriage. ponies. After being with the Cheyennes until last Spring, she succeeded in escaping ; they hayo sought to make her appear with ,Ox "WEDNiisDAY last, the 10th to Fort Benton, and subsequently returned in inst., ; their tawdry toadying. the National Democratic Convention at to 3Iassachusctts. Romance often makes sad The first State election of the present Baltimore, Horace Greeley, a g an- havoc of the future of young women, buUt will be held in campaign North Carolina on tagonist of the Democratic party, was is seldom that it weaves a web of such barAugust 1st. It is expected that cthe Grant unanimously nominated as their candidate barous sufferings as In this lustaucc. last-he-Freedm- en's il-mo- re! , . -- -- -- " . . l-Tim- EE - ' - . am ai-peara- -- . . ion W'four .. - d . ' . 4 well-conducte- . :. . 6 yjl ; life-lon- , is 