1- ' ' ' -70 - PEX ANITSCISSORS. Spiritualism Is on the ville, ( though not tliirty, is gray haired. A'iiattlesxake Fayette. , increase at, Nash- , 111., - by bite was eu red lately at of liberal applications ' : A Peoria dentist announces that he extracts teeth with groat pains, Most dentists ' Vx.;V' "Leisure i sweet to those who have .do. " earned it, but burdensome to those who get it for nothing. The Edgefield and Kentucky road will - , W 0 M A NVS ' EXPO NE 2y T. class, and who are sent there by their , for tho sake of the small sum that is because they to all who attend,-an- d The young Moorish girl of Algeria, is one given of them during the day, are remark-crea- get-ripa-Ven- THE MOORISH GIRLS. ' : i STAXley-Afiiicaxi'- s, mud! : V , of the prettiest and most fascinating tures in existence. Her i features are oval, her eyes are wonderfully expressive; but she is as deeeitfuFas the most artful European coquette. The gracefulness of her carriage; is exceedingly striking. Iler hair, which is not unfrequently straight, though sometimes curly, is as dark as the raven's plumage. It is generally arranged in bands, and is passed round the head and fastened in a simple or double tail, which is tied with ribbons, and almost sweeps the ground. The "coiffure" is covered with a velvet "chachia," which is fastened under the eh i n wi th .two pieces of ribbon. Moorish maiden- has very smal Wiands and tiny feet. Her stature as about the middle height, and her carriage graceful. Her costume is generally very elegant. The plainest toilette consists of a gauze chemise, with short sleeves and a "serroual" (pair.of . -- --- TJie hereaff eTbeTkno w ' cago and St. Louis railroad. Josh Billings savs very truhv "You'd bet-te- r not know so much than to know so many r things that alnU so.' A STVLisiir bonnet can be obtained frohi drars);inadirtpwliifef Paris for $1 2G. Ind ulgent h usbands will very wide, and reaching downto the knee. It not unfrequently happens that the Moor cut this out to .show their wives. ish maiden wears, in addition to the above A boy i n Buffalo bled to death toilette, the "djabadoli,?? a kind of richly from the effects of a wound in the leg, embroidered vest, whieh Seldom ornever caused by a glass bottle: which was thrown reaches above the shoulders, and which at him by a playmate. tends to contract the chest. ad-d The peace league of the Hague has At otherltimesshewears the irlila " a ressed a comm uni cation to the Em perors kind of jacket made of silk, and richly emof Russia, Germany and Austria in favor of broidered in gold. She wears over her r peace in Europe. hips, hot a crinoline," but a large piece of Ix Switzerland a milkmaid who is a good stripedtosilk called "fouta," which reaches down the ground; and over that a silken singer gets more salary than others, ' beends of which , the cause under the influence of music cows down e in front. When the "rlila" is milk. hang "give down" better and the "coiffure" is changed: and the ' What a glorious world this would be if worn, "chachia" is replaced by a silk handkerchief all its inhabitants could say, with Shake- of bright colors, or else by the tsarina" a true Iain laborer; which is nothing else than the speare's shepherd: "Sir, earn what I wear; owe no inan hate; envy which the French women wore in"hemine," the four no man's happiness; glauiof other men's teenth century. The "sarma " which is good; content with my farm." made of gold or silver thread, is generally ' A fellow, at Xorwich was bitten by a a masterpiece of embroidery. We must dog. As soon as he recovered from his not omit to mention the "babouches " which fright he declared he would kill the animal. are made of green velvet, and which almost "But the dog isn't mad," said the owner cripple the feet as much as the slippers "Mad!'.' shouted the victim, exasperatingiy, worn by the Chinese ladies. The Moorish women never move abroad "what, in thunder has he got to bemad without being closely veiled. They' enabout?" themselves so in a white "kaik" in The band of an --American circus travel- velop Algiers, and in a blue one at Constantine, ing in --France was .stupid enougH3o go rout that it is utterly impossible to catch a into the streets in the Prussian military uniof any other part of their features form they had lorro wed or stolen in Ger- glimpse than their eyes. many. Although they played the MarseilrSruWiHhe were compelled to fold their tents woman, Her moral one has laise, they ' nothing very like the Arab and steal away hi front of a attractive3 in arises from it, jwhich the want whole infuriated town. . of education. If of poor parents she is ' Ouaxge is said to bo the proper color for beaten frequently, and sadly cuffed about her of for or instead parents. Iler only wish is to escape spectacles, green blue,' per by sons of weak eyes. At the "Milwaukee Sol irom meir tyranny. If her parents are rich, even then she is a diers' Home a room in the hospital is lighted through orange colored; windows, and 7 is stranger to domestic comforts. She is genused, with very "satisfactory results, for pa erally, secluded in a corner of the house, and -- ilenfcj w ho havc.ee r to in tl i;eiiseso L t h aley es left JLntteely :itathecarelof a- negress; and as of exclusion actinic the the she rays grows up her sole aim and delight requiring is to become one of the most arrant co of light. Somebody wrote to the editor of a vil quettes, and to plunge into all kinds of inlage paper to ask how he would "break an trigue. A woman, according to the ideas ox?" The oditof replied as follows: "If of all Mussulman, is nothing more nor less only one ox, a good.; way would be to hoist than a mere toy- a plaything, a piece of him, by means of a long chain attached to funiture, which every man ought to posses, his tail, to the top of a pole forty feet from but who has no right to think or to act the ground;Then hoist him by a rope tied Hence the cause of her profound ignorance to his horns to another polo. Then descend and state; and yet the Mooron his back a live-to- n and if ish women possess wonderful talent for tluLt doif t "break-him, let him start a coun- learning.r:.There is a French institution at try h nvspaper and trust people for sub Algiers to which young Moorish girls are scription. One of these two ways will do it admitted.' . sure. Those children who belong to the poorer little -- gold-embroider- give-mor- semi-barbaro- pile-drive- r, us ed ts ably intelligent and quick at learning. The Moorish girl is not named until eight days after her birth; but until that ceremony takes place she is always called "Fatima," as the mother of the Prophet. Their principal names are Aleha, Bedra, Djohar, Fatima, Halima, Haouria, Khredoubja, Khreira, Meriem, Mimi, Mina, Mouni, Orgoya, Rosa, Safia, Sbida, Zeina, Zohra. Not a few of these names have ,yory flattering significations; for instance, "ZtHna'? signifies pretty, and "Sbida' orange flower. The Moorish maiden marries when very young; but scarcely any cnange uiKes piaee in her social position after she quits her ui m paiernai rooi 10 auiuu uimw nun band. If she moves in good Arab society, she passes mast of her time at the baths -- (tlleCgossipinf shops of the Kastaiwi m. of-- Ai geria) and at her toilette; the rest in eating aUJdnd4AJ wetm husband's jolher wives, or iniking apioint-ment- s with her friend to visit the mosques! where she goes to offer up prayers to the holy marabouts that she may be the mother of many, sons. Thus does she pass her days mjrifles liglrT aslaiir until a crtaiiiperioxl which, alas! comes )ut .to soon t hat is, when her youth and beauty vanish like a dream and then she falls into a lethargy from which the hand of death alone relieves : . .. ... her. Should she belong .to the oorer class, then her condition is much more to be lamented. She is trained up from youth to perform the most laborious work, and for which, like the donkey, "sne receives more kicks than presents." Her husband beats her and her children, and her condition is neither more nor less than that of- a domes- - ,? r tic animal. -- ' ,. " ... .. Ax Mother. Thank Fortune, sonie of us have an mother not a woman of the period, en- Old-Fasiox- ed old-fashion- ed amelled and painted, with her great chignon j her curls and bottinesj whose white, jewelled hands have never felt the clasp of d s baby fingers, but a dear,old-fashionemother, witleyes in whose depths the love-ligshown, and brown hair threaded with silver, lying smoothly upon her faded cheek. Those dear hands, worn with toil, which guided our tottering steps in childhood, and smoothed our pillow in slckness.TzrBlessed is thc memory t)f an old-- j fashioned mother! It floats to us now like the beautiful perfume of some woodland blossom. The music of other voices mav be lost, but the entrancing memory of her voice will echo in our souls forever. Other faces will fade away and be forgotten, but her's will shine on until the light from heaven's portals shall glorify our own. When in the fitful phases of luisy life our feet wander back to the old homeste-ad- , and, -n crossing the threshold, stand once more-ithe low, quiet room, so hallowed by her presence, how the feeling of -childish innocence, and dependence comes over us! How many times, when the tempter lures us oh, has the memory of those sacred hours, that mother's word, her advice and counsel, saved us from pi tinging into the deep abyss of sin! Years have filled great drifts between her and us, but they have not hidden from our sight the glory of her pure, unselfish love. weet-voice- d, ht well-wbr- n : --! A chief of the Chippewas drives a dray in Detroit. -- 