WOMAN'S KX PONE NT. 30 been to busy!" IJiih! How I hate an ex- cuse: l very seiuom ben eve the person wno makes one, do you? I read somewhere, Upwaiji) of sixteen American widows are Editor Exponent: -- fol that "Excuses were lies." and believe to T'mler the abovo heading sojourning at Dresden. 1 lit' II UUl ..'III. t llll " theurfVancwco-"Pioneer- 1 Inwiiiff-ir- i ofmjinerxtenniiaTinsrue., g Ladies admitted to the practice ' ' me is, I don't like writing ijuv tnougnt Jul v 4th: of dentistry in Germany. to a me shiver. makes write of see the to pen up taking intelligent "We are pleased Ladv Beaconsfield, Disraeli's wife, is ill women of Utah coming to the front ana ae- - How shall I get over th is ke ? C'a n you ' v : beyond hope cf recovery. nounciugJ'oLvgiimic life, and are giving the tell me? Tjie ladies of Paris, Ky., are forming an lie to some former statements that these I like the Exponent so far very much; an women were happy under a system which it tells of sound sense which, you know, I society. A blind woman in Iowa has learned to strikes at the root of womanhood, blighting like. "Mormon women" ought t write and thread a cambric needle with her teeth and the affections and hopes, and making her a v We 11 fX it that ten tne wonu wnetner iris iieaseo to ik- slave to priestcraft teacJiing tongue. most oblivious of lieve us or not that we are not the ioor, The wickedest woman in Boston is named she is most liappy when Jemima Jakes. She claims to have yanked every instinct of her nature. But this new oppressed beings wo are represented to be. agitation among the Mormon women them- I have lived in the great world, you know; fifty husbands from the domestic hearth. at last awaking up to a full have lived here thirteen years, ami I reThe eye of a good mother is like the sun ; selves, whoofaretheir will do alize that I have not been oppressed here: situation, grave it shines on a world . that wouhUedark realization . a i a i .1 i it nas imupiii-but have been free to come, free to go, free more tnan mai anyining without, and its brightness is' that of love. to svork-it alone. -- I was' not as free let LiteJLtoluike4he priestcfVin:XJtahtritsj Tn E3ee nni !n liiu ftfafrtu l T mivf utmost depths. Let them open their moutns iA.fttV "E'ttvlo ii trims s. JJ1U1MIU4 ftltitjti e nouces are "as high as the eestaeyai r and testlfto the wrongs tliey suflcryraiid i berality of the brid egroom may prompt. their lives will no longer be but a dreary in preterence to tins tree, wiKij niountaineous The stillborn daughter of Mrs. Bates, the show." I country, with all its deficiencies. i Nova could illustrate As a "Mormon Woman" I beg a little Were I a ready writer some of the abuses thatsome women have space to notice this paragraph. "incjielong,flm t m 'The citizens at.Battle Creek, Mich., have: W hat den ion t he "rioueer" may give to put up with at the hands of the "lords of rewarded 3fis Emma Pearl, of that city, to the word "intelligent" I am unable to creation" in Xew York and London. In the with a fine gold watch, for taking care ofi say. If it is that element existing in the latter place, when a girl of seventeen, I small-po- x afflicted family. composition of some narrow' minds, which hired with a man and his wife to clo houseI was not allowed to go a e t the At Coburg it is believed that Queen Vic- protrudes itself into public notice in the work. ... .1 ..! jr it toria will alnlicate at an early day, and then form of the grossest misrepresentations, floor- - Kiivtt i met m mijl weeKss innii nvn in iiip her life at Castle meddling ..with aftairs in whielritHiasTHriir; afternoon untB ten in the evening. When pass the remainder-obut to injure - those concerned, but I did wrong I was reprimanded : and when Koscnau, where Prince Albert was educated. terest a i it'in i u miii i inr be saui. let it my idea ot in ill Tjie Berger sisters, may be numbered little need be fhn sunnl correct, that it is a quality of without a character was kent among the very few women that appear on telligence the stage at the present day, who earn the true understanding, something which is cal hanging by a hair over my poor head. This for its possessors and kept me in subjection for three long years culated money and the applause which they retheir fellow men, to establish Truth and the bitterest of my life. Yet my experience "77 ceive. , . Virtue and aid in uprooting error and cor 1IUJ HV 41 I'UA 1II1I1 II llllk J1U11I ' Mns.. Edmund Dexter, who created a been has "Pioneer" the then of wretched niore nieekness grossly girl possessed furore at the St. Louis Saengerfest, is a Cin- ruption, and its on is less is resolution and than deceived, grounded "pleasure" myself comielled cinnati brunette, of embon- a great misunderstanding, r or- - the "in to with,-oor do worse. In starve, put up point, and pleasant presence a light edition telligent women of Utah" have not taken New York, I went to get sewing to do, and of Parcel. the stand which, it seems, the "Pioneer" was treated shamefully by a man, or a being Some oftheyoumr Quakeresses, who were would be pleased to have them take. On who styled himself such. Cliirago wiis better dressed in modern style, were admonished the contrary, the intelligent Mormon to me. I liked that city the best of any I more than ny the venerable l.ueretia iUott, at a recent clearly ever nveu in. iui mere, men seemeu to comprehend meet ing, to beware of the follies of fashion ever before how elevated is their position look upon woman as a mere plaything, to bo and dress in becoming .simplicity and dig- as honored wives and mothers, and the thrown away when they were fired of her. .u partners of good and noble men. As for Yet hear their cant and himihuc nhnnf nity. . and affections being blighted, tlie "downtrodden women of Utah!" O! Barbara Ubryk, the story of whose their hopes ; no is intelligent Mormon woman that but you know I hate writing! .. long imprisonment as a nun attracted so there much attention a" few years ago, Jias now re could not say with sincerity of heart that the This Comes from Goshen, dated June. 27 : covered from her severe and protracted suf better she learns to understand the religion do the T her wl she i 1 professes, brighterjmd purer am gum,1 uiai J! ferings, and is living quietly and happily at muies i uie oi Utah have i become. And nstead of tne hopes and affections L'racow. ror oi themselves. I privilege speaking No wonder the fair sex disliked Dr. John being oblivious of any instinct of her nature, have often wished that I might tell the nason when he said: People flock to hear a she has a fuller realization of her true rela- tions of the earth they aredeceived concern-in- g us. And now, I will say, I am woman preach, not because she preaches tionship to God and the works of His creafree; is possessed by those whose un- that I than tion friends me knoAv.my around are well, ,, but because she preaches anyhow. free; anoV senseless winnings over that the religion we have embraced makes Just as they so to see a dosr valk on hi: appreciated hind legs, though lie does not walk on them her wrongs she can only despise, while she us free, ;and, gives us ble. isingrs and ad- pities the ignorance, willful though it may vantages which a re not enjoyed nearly so well as a man. by women be, of such as seek to crowd themselves out elsewhere. H. It. of women The Damascus, Illinois, take of their proper sphere into one which they part in the discussion of the formers' club will foil to be satisfied with, or hold with r : DAVCJ TTC3TX'rr rrrx r ,r meeting. A recent conundrum was: "Shall honorable dignity, should they ever obtain we dress for comfort or show?" It was, of it in the A "Strong and sensible writer says a good illegitimate way they have adopted. course, decided, to dress for comfort, and : Truth. sharp thing andla true one, alwut bovs who then they all went away, and at the next use tobacco: WOMAN'S VOICE. meeting each appeared with a "three It lias utterly spoiled and utterly ruined decker" head-dres- s and a "Dolly Varden' . It tends to softensuit. Under this heading we propose publishing many thousands of boj-sing bonesand the andweakeningfthe A fashion reporter describes some of such communications, or extracts from them," whole nen-oufluid. A boy who smokes the toilets at a recent party at Cheyenne forwarded as not do assume by ladies, early and frequently, or in any way uses "The belle of the evening was Miss W. She -the character of regular articles. Women large quantities of tobacco, is never known dressed fault lessly in a y of the tomakeinanf-inuchenergiyan- d gener-all- y i- pal es tslijid ejoOea train' of Utah, speak for yourselves I lacks'muscular and as well as physical, and trimmed with TheollowtogiB from a private communi- mental power. We would particularly warn wore a HolanaiseTiiaT cation from an old friend, and a subscriber want who to be boys anything in the world lo?tilioned in the kick, cut with to the Exponent. to shun tobacco as a most baneful poison. It a fdetree' bias, and gored in the most sanam an I of Seeing " the injures teeth, it produces an guinary manner. She wore no jewel but goods I shall begin with an excuse.piece Can't state of the throat and lungs, unhealthy hurts the consistency." you hear the miserable subterfuge "I've stomach, and blasts the brain nerves. MORMON WOMEX. ABOUT WOMEN. I1!-- ,. are-bein- i ' " cI -- r ' ' ' ,ilILLi ' 1 - 1 , an f . At- - u omnWrfiu or 1 icrrA- - lbt -"I out-sid- 1L . f , - m "m w - - - i s to-create-good ' : . . self-possessio- V A V V. n, r wo-m- en to-d-ay : il.i i" 4 .... ' - s linsey-woolse- feauduen ChiigorelhiIjt 'vis-a-vi- s' old-fashion- ed - 