WO M AN ' S EX P O N K K T. wkdxesdav wkkk, the HOME AFFAIRS. r i Tji'krk aim'Kaks to be a misunderstanding ui iiuiuuvro ui uw Jtauur,.... pu .ur. io ine Junior ot tiie uu i in v at -- 1!.xpoxext. j,. ureen, Dear Jlitor," ami "Junior omax's xioxKXT;jear bir," are nonorame appena- lions, but we art not entitled to either "Mr." or "Sir," being simply a woman, which our name as it now appears over the editorial department will indicate. , We mcst reieat again that subscribers in this city who desire their papers delivered: at their residences, can be so accommodated by. u mni1 w l v .y to the carrier; and they should send in their names immediately. Thoe who do not wish it delivered can get it after the first and fifteenth I i ; "" '" :' -- eachjnont risi lempie ?5ireei. J 29 instM iwcnty-fourt- h is the anniversary of theday when the Pioneers, under President lirigham Young, entered this remem-- 1 valley The occasion is held I urance ly the people of 'ah, for it oiened a new era in their hitory. Here, after having fbrsad years the pities storm of perseeu tion . eulminatiinr in the inarfvnTom of tb. ir in-wa- rm lmc Prophet and Patriarch and their being driven beyond the confines of "civilization," they found rest and peace, and under the blessing of Heaven the little one has become a nation. No' wonder they celebrate the day with fervor and earnestness. V wuh foiIow u'o oiAiua. 7 . yourtet number, underthertitle Ox Saturday evening last a Greeley and Brown ratification meethigwas held at the CltvvHaii. InJffsFc'itvZat which nearly five thousand neonle were nresent. lncltidinff man v ladies. Two bands of music were in attendance, an artillery salute was fired, and stirring speeclies were niade. l lie indications were decisive that if Utah had a State government -- i Iiihie T th0 Exponents permission I will un (ha subject which appeared in R,Vhts. and toy, a thin" without brain or soul. Traced on a tinselled and unsubstantial pedestal by man, as her worshipper. This elevation of stntus-t- a hv fnnrfpsv; tint riwbt. T.pf r.nr of those idols choose to step beyond the bounds which society prescribes, and she is hurled from her position, and flung in the mire of social degradation. What legal rights can she fall back upon? What power has she to work her own restoration?.-of the Btates of the Unionr she can acquire and eontrol property, and this is a great step et she is far from possessing in advance. the power to rise above untoward circumstances that she would possess, if she enjoyed nll!fnnl finrlifa nnrl nifltinntao TVm. It&rjin4-- 11 or' any social combination, in this country, is composed of people a part of whom pos- sess political influence, and that very in- Auence gives them social power. An indi-o- f Wrongs" The status of women is one of the tions of the day. Socially and : politically it forcetitself iipon the attention of the world. Some who are so conservative that they op- Psc every change until they are compelled to accept it, refuse to concede that woman is abilityand can lead the votes of others; and he is a powerr.eyen though he be known to be corrupt and intemperateand his honor and; honesty are qnestionable The individual woman may possess equal talents andabilityrbut she has not a single vote, she cannot lead votes, Womans true status is that-o- f companion Tne reasons Which they cannot meet with argument they decry and ridicule: to man; yet protectetrby law in the posses- , , ;r ai .uw. iu.iA,funui ui ilxv .h-an old refuge for those opposed to correct m of those rights which will enable her to west," Portland, Oregon, delivered an interest- principles which thev are unable to contro- - act in an independent sphere, should he ing lecture in the tabernacle in this city on vert. Others,again, iiolt"only recognize that abuse his position and render the union night, the 8th inst., choosing for her wbmanstatus should be improved, but are endurable. To discuss the position thus laid suuject "rtuman Kigiitsjiieierence win be so radical in their extreme theories that thev aW!1 wouia occupy more space tnan your ound made to it elsewhere, and the circum- - would set her in antagonism to man, assume limits will allow at the present, so I will " E. stances which brought Mrs. Duniway into the for her a separate and opposing existence ; take it up again. to editorial 'sanctum and the lecture field. She is and show how entirely independent she 3rRS. DUNIWAr,S LECTURE. an'earnest woman, and in her lecture advanced should be would make.her adopt the jnore Home excellent ideas clothed in a garniture of reprehensible phases of character which men Mrs. Duniway, an able cliampiou of human present, and whieli should be shunned or im- eloquent lantruatre. hy theIU inead of heing colea by riIlts has fovored our cit' with a passing Tiif Ntiox Anniversarv has come and proved , ro 4Wrt avtrom iii onri who k ifWoe with nnMin ..,nrY,an gone since our last issue. Independence Day t ween them is the sion of some of her views. She is no ex- "golden mean." passed without, a formal celebration m this We do not have to go back very for in tremist, except in her reverence for the of the city, as a result of the of the Anglo-Siixo- n race to find sacred office of motherhood. history official authority which would prevent a free a time when women were viewed and treat- As Milton placed Adam and Eve, she people from celebrating as they should the ed . as chattels. The father had absolute places man and woman, hand in hand in all birth-da- y of freedom. But in their "heart of power in everything, except in the matter the walks of life. While being the people carried their love for liberty of life and death, over his daughter. The terviewed she gave an interesting sketch of and their reverence for the great men gone, just husband had equal power over his wife, the manner of lier conversion to this, to as fondly as though they had engaged in all the She was his property to the last article of some, Objectionable doctrine; She said that outward seeming of patriotism which so often raiment worn by her.. And there are not while it was her only ambition to be a good characterizes Fourth of July celebrations. wanting instances within a comparatively wife and mother, . her husband missed his recent date where women have been sold financial balance, and about the same time Hox. W. H. Hooper retires from the politi with a halter around the neck," and passed met with a personal injury, which" drove cal field aa Delegate to Congress, after having quietly and almost uncomplainingly into her to the school room and thence to a niil- faithfully served the Territory for ten years in the possession of their purchasers. Even linery store. She competed d isad vantage- that position. He retains the unabated confi- nowy among the lower classes of the: Eng--1 ously with, men. Around her were other dence and warmest wishes for his success of the lish, the wife speaks of her husband as "my women struggling similarly to keep their for votes cast whose were him at master," not "my husband :" and this bv heads above water, and claiming her assist- thousands : eaeh election, for he has proved himself an in- - traditionary ibrce in cases where the man is ance. t -- and honorable At the close of a day's labor in which defatigable, energetic, public anything butmaster, being the veriest slave officer. Hon. Geo. Q. Cannon is nominated for of a woman's will. sympathy and aid had been called in different a Delegate, gentleman in every way qualified Coming to America the status of woman directions, and disasters and snubs had been to fllUhe place, and with a record as clear as among the same classes may be something unusually prevalent, she approached the the crystal water which is his princlpai bever. higher, but it is not so well defined in any low couch on which her invalid husband grade of society. See the manner in which was lying, and seating herself on the carpet age. ladies a term for which I have little re ver- - laid her head against him; and after re- Almost every day subscriptions are being ence or respectare treated iu aU public hearsing the difficulties of the day, she said received for the Expoxext, the senders asking The most obsequious deference is "Why are these things?' Her noblo and to have the papers sent from the beginning of places ostensibly paid to their slightest wish. The generous husband (that is what she called the volume. We regret being unable to meet profane man, from whose lips in the company him) said, "My dear, these things must in these requests affirmatively, asthe issueofthe 0f men alone oath follows oath, one scarcely the nature of things be so until woman first and second numbers is exhausted. The desire waiting on the other, will not utter an of-- takes her proper position as the social and to possess the history of the first organization of fensive word in the presence of woman. She political equal of man. " She said an inspira-th- e Female Relief Society in Nauvoo, vritten must not be allowed to stand if a seat can be tion seemed to enable her to comprehend by Miss Eliza R. Snow, is one great reason why found by a man vacating it She must bo that moment what she had heard him talk Rheuma. w much anxiety is manifested to obtain the preserved from the slightest blast of trouble, many times before. numbers in which it appeared; and to meet petted, carressed, dressed to attract atten- Tin: man who was hemmed in by a crowd thU desire we numose mfter some little time, tion, taught accomplishments' that minister 1 to man's gratification; in other wortis, she has been troubled with a stitch in his side must be treated as a glittering and fragile ever since. have not yet read it lev bv 'a verv la her- - imnnlar maioritv. " A1 14 un-Mond- ay l . narrow-mindedne- ss . in-hear- -- 1 r ; ; 1 I ts" 