WOMAN'S EXPONENT. through the building; and then marched ?to the ineatre wnere they enjoyed an afternoon formanee. - At about half past four o'clock in iuc nutfrnoon iney ieit by the cars for .Lehi, a r. satisfied. Infill pnf. cnmnnnv per-witness- ed happy-Iookinc- tiatr iat tug, --0 . n. Hie I TrA vii't,U,.i..V . ...-- 1, JUUVU CHJUVtHl - eXCUr- - Thl thing of pmvidinrr pleasure' for' a. larC0 nui uijr in uu coiamenuauon. 85 and carried on very extensively among, thenv By means of in our. Societies we are enabled to assist in . gather-- i poor, anu -- sustaining mem in our- - satisfaction and gratification to every one who if. The, music was good, and the of tlie different colored, spangling, splendor sporting names, as they darted heavenward, or whirled ill ranid nvnlnHrmsj , vena italichf fnJIv " i CUIU lUUUJIK. ' --- 7 ' n - n ;r co-operat- ion lug-me- I 'j- S -- i1 C". iU -- WOUW 1 11 1 1 11 I 1 WaVS - Of SUStainiU? imnim'flTvonffl non 5uv uJ1)iV,tun,iaJi.uur 1 ! beobedlent to the requirement, oti ZZZ rVZS. " ybe 1 OKM1T ' oo,., to enhanc, the interest of the outn seeks i younr of our Territbrv in obtaining useful -"- occome usemi in society, is praiseworthy and shouId be continued and increased as rapidly as keen frosty blast. the amusement wisdom and opportunities will admit; and be Should be uuy t v i manned and carefully a."i.mii 111 arranged i 211111 jii f o"- - w inn aiucu iiuif prtHi jin "j more mature minds, that it may be at once 'a the welfare and cultivation of the growing means of instruction and enjoyment; amedium ; , generation. ""37j:::r?"74 ..vv lint Auv thPmSAlvoa .MS S " Until they miuSt - Can find . , If "i." nection with establishments for diflerent i kinds of labor, silk culture, the manufactur-- j ing of silk goods, and uother uii iim ih ntrii uxjun- ir 01 u.i it'll ..tnj fiiiiu mn very early age, to be useful, and still . 'hive their regular hours for study and also for re- - ? ii 11 1 1 1 ?? by which Intelligence can be increased and tho v r i ri vii i rrrmr fifv aniement be gratified. Because jjoveland, this . Sunday School excursion met these objects7 "R feastel t he y oungeyes tngladdenedthe young rich am a a wagon, with two younr ladies, one of " inne in 7 hearts, while giving them a more extended idea of what ia to be seen in places away from honie, : Place -- in them-f- br :erroneous;doctrins to! w.u.u u to r , we regain iuuueinpteu viewed enter know sIster who has it with so much favor; and trusUhe tT; mothers of the future hope of Israel will lend by reaching over the front of the jyagon. He twenty acres ofland which is enclosed and! as productive as any land in the Territory, t . ; "'" dffi!rl. - - - .... ' ( r :r T ;;i"r"l"c iilit seasons tof lenjoymenOiMHeasumlfb morning. 'The sad event has called forth many sincere expressions of sympathy for the family, PREPAYING NEWSPAPER POSTAGE; and of regretthat aflneyoung mah- shouldjbe thus suddenly and terribly deprived of life. I ComplaintTias been made that subscribers to Axotiier railroad has been commenced in tha ExPONENTIn Ogden have been required UtahThe Utah to pay three months' postage when commenc- - cess, fully verifying the expectations of its ing 10 receive their papers about a month be- - projector,- President B. Young. The Utah Jho postal quarter expired:-an- d another Southern and Utah Northern are both makintf three months' postage at the beginning of the progress towards bringing the remote parts of operative company of the kind, to do good ;! and another who is a silk dyer, and who isj waiting for an" opportunity to . set-u- p herf business. These sisters have the spirit of! Many such, by waiting, might growing "olive branches." - on. rich' The earth is His, the. cattle upon aj U1UU5UI1U 1UUS 1110 b1u UI1U ulu saver are : - Jr OAl JLXlOj UUU JlXU V UU1U iCI U3 UOtJ JllIS IllUUIIS for the building up of His Kingdom, J if we; would trust him and exercise and exhibit j months' postage for four months. We have American Fork line, as a feeder to the Utah good judgmen- t- I pray for the success of : examined into the law on the subject, and find Southern, is now in operation up the canyon every wise and laudible undertaking. EXCELETTE. ' . Af that the postmaster is renuired to demand thrpA :at npnrlv in TJAr flrAAlr " v "f nrlK V'J Winno i TkTQ K VDIXTrVID . tVi iillilU.J irtvu X .JT ' Wl UiUilil in monpostage advance; but a subsequent Lehi; and a week ago ground was broken ibr Why does not some one take it in hand to ( nding on the same law, by the postal authori- - another branch road from the Utah Southern have lawful marriae-- nroven a crimo and" ties,decides that a person may pay for a fraction to Bingham Canyon, connecting with the main prohibited ? I should think that some of our of the quarter with the full quarter; or, in other line at Sandy Station. No portion of the West loving, influential, and earnest sympathizers words, a subscriber to the Exponent who com is making greater strides in desirable progress particularly women who have to listen xnencea to receive it a month before the postal than Utah; and yet, where would all the wonder- day after day to such heartrending and adcan in the ful of quarter terminates, postage pay development the great West have been, astonishing questions as "Will polygamy j vance for four months, being the one month had it not been for the handful of Pioneers who, ever be a crime in Utah !" might see it. Xt and the ensuing quarter, while payment for the a quarter of a century ago, traveled in faith, the "Lord ever commanded Adam and Eve -- one month alone could not be taken at the post and forced their way to the successful coloniza to multiply and replenish the earth, He i also commanded Abraham to take Hager-anoffice. It may be that the postmaster at Ogden tion of these valleys? is not aware of this ruling, but if he searches l?y her raise up a son of whom Ho would; WOMAN'S VOICE, make a great nation. If the latter instance l the "Postal Record" he will find it, and all nostmasters are renuirpd in hn may be proven a crime, so. also may the for-- ;, z mer, for both were commanded bytke samo ; Editob Exponent : great : Lawgiver. Who can doubt that the" I highly appreciate your excellent paper, Alwise and Merciful God had respect unto j HOME AFFAIRS. which must contribute greatly to the inter nis daughter jtiager, ner prayers ana ae Tke bad occurrence of the drowning of the ests of our sex nere as through it we have sires, as well as to Abraham and Sarah and ' little son of Mr. L. P. Borg, in the 3rd Ward of tne privilege of communicating our views their supplications? She was one of His this city, on the 21st ult., should be another and aspirations and strengthening each children, as they were, and for her benefit f as well as theirs was the commandment i forcible warning against carelessness, and neg- other in our most holy faith. I have beenamemberof the Relief Society given, that she might' fulfill tne-- designs of: ligence in .leaving wells or other places with from its first organization here. I have been God concerning her, and assist in glorifying ; the possibilities of accidents to children.' for a long time : unable i to meekwith the His name. True, the Lord suffered her to:f rmvAx. iuerioiu uic, jirs. uower, a Society, but my heart is with the Sistprs bficiist nut from her husband's housp! hufcr milliner of this city, committed suicide by tak- - and I love them with that tender nflWti nn TTft did nnt fnrsnkfi hor. Neither will hn ing laudanum, the terrible act being prompted, which I bore Tor my own mother and sisters forsake women now, if they will only trust r it is said, by domestic unhappiness. The very according to the flesh. I left houses and Him. and acknowledge His dealings among ! worst' way to meet an existing evil, which may lands lather, mother, sisters and brothers the children of men.v "Will polygamy ever-- ' De cause oi sorrow, is to rusn unbidden into ior tne uospers saKe, ana expect here to re- - be a crime In Utah!" Is not half so sound- - a: -ceive the reward promised by the Savior to question as one I heard asked, not long ago,' Urnity. Any one who visited the "Matinee on thp nf-- those who forsake all else for the purpose of by a lady who was tired and fretted in her; f mrwm nf ihn 91 of. nif wTion-ftiATi.miAntfit. serving Him.v luesire to be useful In His domestic relations, and who was sane enough fmm Tifah ni,ntv ww rrpATit ni,i iw fo si Ivlugdom, all that I am and have are de- - to ask advice of one who was able to give it, of Wine impressed with a sense of what virtue 7ot.ed.to tho blIAdm? UP theJe?f' . The 6ub" ia a k.ind sisterly and reasonable way. The, ; vvvcittuwu ao uiic u mo ucciCOt III- - 4UCSIIUII VVUSi "I1UW llg vm U ww;i and temperance can and do produce. It was a jvv,n us. . we have learned already- - that tried in to tcrst And of fair representation of HttleTPortion-the union is strength, and as the "downtrodden came pleasant and cheery, from one who growing strength of Israel. women of Utah" have access to every hon- - had passed the ordeal and triumphed noblyI of tfire orable avocation for the purpose of enrich-- . i'Until they no longer try us." I have more; Professor Due's brilliant display no l. works, given on the evening of tlie -- Itli nit., on lug and enobljng tljomselves, I seeno reason to say on. this subject, but will intrude : G. should not be introduced j further upon your space at present. th Museum 'grounds, was a source of general why t- i I JL 1 - KJ T ; Uill 3 -- e - ( d -- it: ? ' -- a 1 these-thincr- s?" co-operat- ion the-ans- wer ? 