WOMAN'S KXrONEXT. IS Ix a little village in Vermont there lived WALLACE a fanner named Ransom. They were not Has the test, largest and purest stuck f ctnfec- pious people rather of the reprobate order; never wcuitto Church" Once, tionary in SaltLake city Just theplace fur ladies " in fact they WOMAN'S EXPONENT. however, the family were prevailed upon to to purchase. their made attcncFpreaching. When they reluctant and tardy appearance the services QAMPBELL & PATTEIISON, A" UTAH LADIES JOURNAL. had begun, and they had hardly taken their Dealers in Books, Stationery, and Newspapers, teats when the preacher gave out the first Last Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah. The women of Utah occupy a position which hymn, reading it somewhat thus: "Iteturn, Orders from the country solicited. attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and ve ransom sinners honf e." "AH right? cried Til lTf ill r rmiiiUtr JU. woiaen everywhere. They are engaged in the prac Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. JU'iui vi uic 'Dniiniiic' lilt? U7.,1 iwinouuKj fev,i.v.0 tical solution of some of the greatest social and moral "Come General Agents for Womau's Eifosunt. 7 and clapping his hat on his head. t - - ! 41 along, ole woman and gate, we'll go home fast enough, and everybody in this ole church JJK, W. H. GltOYES, knows we didn't yant to come." DENTIST, warned hot to ak are societies Medical , . Omco Second South doors west of e . mm 5i .1. r,.. ' Acrnrii 1111t..iiwij.nr j.. r TT- - l.nvi iv vrwtilxf - 1lll ,. hl.W iti. il h.n uaKe.xjiiy. t mum. jxv iiua 4I.It mi icai oiore, oaic ivhvij. Office llour? from 0 a. to ip.ra. disease Aaa bought not to the Lord, but to the physicians. And Atfcr .slept with his T ADIKS BAZAK. fathers." The English juipcrs have ceased deriding Jj MILS. WILKINSON, the Tichbornc claimant, and admit that his his case is "rising almost to its former dig- Fashion abe 3Iilliner and Dkessmakek. ., , . j a . 11 1 - 1 Street-Thre- I 1 1 a : I .... - . protlems of the age, and a powerful interest is manifested throughout theUnited States, and,- it may be said, the entire civilized world, to learn from reliable sources the views honestly entertained by them on - these questions. : "; V "" ;': 1 -- 111. ; 1 to-d- ay . . hey Jtave .beeuigroMly juisi epresente4 through: the press, by active enemies who permit no opportu nity to pass of maligning and slandering them; and with bui litiiitod ppportunityof appealing to the intelligence and candor of theirfelldwr codntrymen and countrywomen in reply. : -- . Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Millinery, Straw .; nity and interest." Who are so well able to speak for the women of" Goods, and all kind of fancy and Staple DryUoods. but love for woman lives love.alone," "A Sole for the Territory for M'me Demorest'a Utah as the women of Utah themselves ? " It is bet must come in a variety of forms, such as ma- reliableagent paper patterns. Orders from the country so- ter to represent ourselves than to be misrepresented i terial ibr clothing, and bread and butter, &c licited j patterns sent by mail Removed to the new by others 1'; , - -- Praises an&Jusses Jalone will notsuflice, -- 2 Establishment, 1st South St., next door west of Z. C. M. I. Wholesale Dry Goods Department. JOHNSON'S 1. Retail Dry -- Goods Department. We are constantly in the receipt of alf Seasonable, Fashionable, Dress Goods, Suitable for the great HOMEMADE FAMILY MEDICINE ! -- .. . 1 and that women may help each other by ihe diffusion of knowledge and information possessed by many and suitable to all, the publica tion of Woman's Exponent, a journal owned by, controlled by and edited - by Utah ladies, has betn ' h ut ihesu reasons, commenced. Warranted to be Better than the Best Im-orte- d, The-jti-ttt- -uf "willr be this-journal subject interesting and valunble to women. It will contain a brief and graphic summary of current news and Give Ample Satisfaction. riety of our Patrons. local and general, household hints, educational matCelebnitud the ters, articles on health and dres, correspondence, We continue to manufacture BONESET PILLS. Purely vegetable. They editorials on " leading topics of interest suitable to its SA clesnse and purify the blood, stomach and bowels. columns and miscellaneous reading. Act powerfully upon the liverrkidneys and urinary Children's Hosiery, Shoes, and Gloves, a specialty. organs. Break up fevers, strengthen digestion and It will aim to defend the right, inculcate sound fabrics the of fine stock a elegant While we carry bring the rosy hue of health to face emaciated. Are principles, and disseminate useful knowledge. cathartic, stimulant, and spothe, by removing of the day, yet the grand staples, sueiras Domestics, tonic, the cause of disease. Are safe and harmless in all Uah, in its Female lielief Societies, has the best low- cases where offered the at are etc., Denims, cathartics are required, for either sex, for organized benevolent institution of the age ; yet, but Chocks, Stripes, or old. young Try them fairly, and you will never little is known of the labors of these est possible figure. e any more imported pills. Price 25 cents. Societies. In Woman's ExrosiXT a department will be devoted to report of their meeting's and other BYE BALSAM." For dimness of vision, weak or II. B. CLAWSON, 8up?t. matters of interest connected with their workings; drooping eyelids, inflamed eyes, old ulcers, sores. and to this end the Presidents and Secretaries of the crackea or sore lips, hands, etc. testers, ringworm, . . . . r T various Societies throughout the Territory are rejrnce taj cents. JADIES 1 quested to furnish communications which will receive-d- ue -, attention. Z . Go to Taylor & Cutler's for DrefisGooda,' No COR KLIN 8ALVE. For pains or weakness in Uons, etc Also the Cheapest Store for Family Gro- the side, back, breast, or other parta of the system, Miss Eliza R Snow, President of the entire Female cuts, wounds, gores, etc Price 25 cents. ceries in town. Call and 6ec Belief Societies, cordially approves of the journal. ESSENCE OF LIFE cures cholera, diarrhea, and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from summer ' ' complaints, cholics, her numerous and coughs, duties. SEWING toothache, . .. MACHINES. YEED many other ills. Price 60 cent. self-sacrifici- ng . : ' Stitch Alike on Both Sides. " The Lightest Running SHUTTLE 3LCIIINE '. " ' " WojiAsrs ExpoiixT will be published semi These medicine are for sale, wholesale and retail, at monthly, each number containing eight pages, quarto. The following low rate will place' it withla" the ZION'S reach of all, and the hope is that it DRUG STORE, may be made bo valuable that it will be found in every" familv in Salt Lake City, and at most of the stores Utah., :.jLt-... " ive throughout the Territory. : : - . In the World. Sews Fine and Coarse. "No Springs nor Cogs. No ' If not kept in your stores, ask your merchant? to send for them. taking apart to Oil or Clean it. . . , Send for Circular to 97 Kimball Block, Salt Lake stores throughout the Territorr fur- No subscription received for less than six ukuw, on uommission, or sola at rates advantageous months. 1 is earnestly desired that the to purchasers. r- - -Presidents Bishops, Co-operat- ive City.: IBA-PfOUTZ,-Ag,t- -.- pURNISH YOUR HOMES.; I would advise the Ladies who want to buy n Parlor and It AGENTS are authorized to refund the money Sets of furniture lo call and distribute to the poor needing the pills at expense of the proprietor th examine the immense stock kept by of amount disposed" of. Bed-roo- m one-twelf- - TER5IS,fc'trictb in Advance: H. DINWOODEY, At No. 31, East Temple Street, and No. 75, First South Street. From the Laboratory of J- - E. JOHNSON, St. George, Utah. of Female Belief Societies and others interested in a jlUnterest themselves in jretlinz- up clubs; ten copies for the price of nine. lkljhisjrind, 3 Address all communications and subscriptions, Publishers Womax'.s Exponent, Salt Lake City, . Utah. 