' 7-I W 0 M AK'S 74 the timely aid of the F. R . Society would Payson New Tabernacle on September 26th, r have suffered much, and probably some at 2 o,clock,p.m. MORTALITY. - ""Ye daintymosses, h'chens gray, " Pressed each to each in tender fold, 1 4 "would 5 i Brown leaves, that with aerial grace Slip from your branch like birds Each leaving in the appointed place' Its buds of future spring. If" Is If we, Uod's conscious creatures knew Si: 1 1 y. if- Iff , ' -- When summoned clay by clay. "Y. But with an equal patience sweet off mortal should this We gear," put In whatsoe'er new form is meet Content to If. Ye dead eaves, dropping soft and low, Ye mosses green and lichens fair, ' Oo to your graves, as I will go, For God is also there. Bishop J S.iTannerjmd-oliierJJlde- j ent by invitatiofcv occupied seats in the f stand. B. :?r ; The meeting was called to order by Mrs. Jane Simons, President of the Payson ; Knowing each germjofJifaBe gi vea Must have in Him its sourceand rise,; Being that of His being lives, May change but nover dies. u F 4 : 1 - re-appe- ar; havperished. Society, and was opened by singing and prayer; after which President Miss E. R. Snow addressed the" assembly. She said the name. "Female Relief So-ciety" was suggested arid established by vote when the first organization took place. The question had been agitated for some time, whether the name would not be miles south from Nauvoo. rendered more appropriate by the omission The following is transcribed from my of the word "Female," and the calling of journal, written." after my return: "The these associations merely "Relief Societies." ' But half your faith in ouridecay, We should not tremble as we do , . . II: vry About the last of July, 182, when some of the officials of Missouri were taking meas ures to drag President Joseph Smith from Illinois by an illegal process, the F.R. Soci ety sent a petition to Thomas Carlin, Got? ernor of Illinois, in behalf of Pres. SmitM claiming his protection as chief magistrate. The petiton was signed by every meinberof the Society, and presented by its President, Mrs. Emma Smith, accompanied by Mrs. Amanda Smith and Miss E. R. Snow. The Governor's residence was in Quincy, fifty And peacefully thus, day by day, Returning to your mould. f EXPO NE NT. GtevernmrecvM-Jisat- i ality and politeness as His Excellency was J imprdvethe application; and others with master of, assuring us of his protection by whom she had communicated on the subject saying that the lawsand Constitution of our held the same "opinion." "Rut" as the "name: country should be his polar star in case of any was established by vote, it must also be 1 difficulty; He mani rested much friendship, and it remains for time, and circumstances to prove the sincerity of his professions." We subsequently ascertained that at the changed by an expression from a maj ority of those interested, if at all, because every, :;r"r Mrs. Mulock Craik. be done legally. She thing we then for an expression of the feelings called THE FEMALE RELIEF SOCIETY. very-tim- e that of thosepresent and all voted forthe modi-visiti- ng g him, presenting the petition and fication of the name. The speaker BRIEF SKETCH OF ITS ORG 1NIZ itIOJi AND to his IN TUE CITY OF XiuVOO.U ANCOCK CO., ILLS. protestations of. friendship ued, "The sisters of Payson hold a very and love for legal right and justice, hs em- - warm place in my heart; they have proved issaries were engaged in secret plotting in themselves ready to make sacrifices of their BY ELIZA. R. S1NOW. his behalf, against the rights and" safety 7 of Own feelings tor the general good. Those Reprinted from Jo. 2 of tbe Expoxwt President Smith, and aiding the' unprinci- - who are the most noble, cultivated and bloodhounds of Missouri. But what- - fitfed, are ever the first to sacrifice their (CONCLUDED.)"-'-ever the result, the F. R. Society had made feelings for the goodV others. Woman fills hen organized, the Society coiLSisted of a noble effort, and It was compensated by an important sphere; her duties are most nineteen members, exclusive "of its officers. Knowing that the great, good man, Joseph significant; and for this reason she should be nis numoer augmented irom time to time, Smith, appreciated it. educated. It is admitted that woman forms until at the close of the fiscal year it The city of Nauvoo was divided into four the character of society; that she gives charamounted to 1,158. The meetings were so wards, and after the Society became too acter Jo her children, and thaMhe most that the largest hall in the city was merous to convene in one assembly, it was minute parts of their education depend up- ana oeeame to crowded to it meet decided necessary densely alternately in the different on ner. it is quite as necessary mat we adjourn to tne urove, the usual place in wards from week to week so as to give equal study the superstructure of the human body, tne bummer lor holding Sabbath meetings, opportunities to all. as many other things upon which much a with suitable stand Pres. Joseph Smith donated a city lot to time is spent. We are calling on those wnienjvvas provided and a supply of seats for large assemblies. the Society for the purpose of making homes who are sufficiently ambi tious and per The Society soon became so popular that for the homeless, and also to furnish work to come forward and aid in organeven those of doubtful character in several to those who were able to work and were severing, . izing and supporting classes for the purpose t . .1 e t instances appued ior admissiou, and to pre- - out of employment, which he nronosed of gaining knowledge pertaining to the laws vent imposition by extending membership deeding to the Treasurer and her successors of life and health. We wnt a union of faith to such ones inadvertently, stricter rules in office, for the use of the Society. He and prayers upon this subject from the sisterwere adopted than seemed requsite at first, also donated the frame of a house, andmade hoods throughout the Territory; and do not " Each one wishing to join the Society was re- to be on the expect to accomplish much without the comoved arrangementsforit to a certificate of her quired present good aforesaid lot, for a commencement of the es- - operation and assistance of the brethren, moral character, signed by two or more re- - tablishment. But this benevolent and iudi- - but this we shall have. 'Our girls should, be t n.. n .it sponsible persons. 11 uuua pxujevi,, wiiu many oiners wnicn Avere educated in order that they may become The meetings wero 0ened and closed designed for the amelioration of the condi- wise, good and the seeds of by singing and prayer, and systematic order tion of suffering humanity, was blasted in true, rich mothers, in plant the future genera intelligence was observed throughout. In each meeting the bud hand of religious tion, lany of the young men of our com- byjhe blighting reports were given by those iwhose dutyit persecution, and through which the once munitiesw'ouldbe less intemperate and un was to visit from house to house and inquire beautiful city of Nauvoo became a desolahad their mothers better understood into the circumstances of the sick and desti tion, and its inhabitants exiled to Mexico. stable, the laws which govern human nature." " tute donations were received and those who makes the wrath of man praise God, The meeting was also addressed by Mrs. subjects discussed which appertain to wo- .mm, nas overruled, as He ever does in all Elizabeth TTnwnrd. Mf T. T, man's duties, influence, responsibilities, things, for the good of them who put their Elders Isaiah Coombs, John Loveless, Robt! etc., etc. whatever has a tendency to benewvuuuYcu wimmer, uusiave aimons. Urrawell Sim-ll- ll fit and elevate society at home and abroad. become a Temtory-hou- ld jwm ons, President Mrs. B. J. Simons-w- ho a State and here, the Female w Frequently President Joseph Smith, Bishv.of o H V. bUUU All 1, LI i' in ' op N. K. Whitney and brethren of the Relief Society, more amply developed than the which was evening voiea ior unani- Twelve met with the sisters, and through in Nauvoo, has extended- its branches to - theinspiration of the Spirit of God,;imparted mouslyrTrCounsellor3Irs.AgnesI)ouglas anu seiuement irom Hear Lake and every ivaru, BIshon J. S. TV.nnPr. K rich counsel and intelligence; instructing, in the North to Siinta Clara in the South, the meet not only in duties concerning theLpoor,but and as seen in prospective, it has but i At 7 o'clock, a General invifntlnn f7,ll also in all the relations of life, as wives, mo littleyet, more than emerged from ItS embrVOTWhn WPW rlocirnno nf nUnnri: thers, daughters, sisters, and, as saints of state in comparison to its great future. extended, a very respectable congre gation the -- Most High, our duties to one another of gentlemen and ladies gathered and and our responsibilities as examples. '.to the F. R. SOCIETY REPORTS. listened to short but interesting and cdify- , world, etc. inff Remarks, ,,from Elders Ueorge. Rust, The. J&rs nter after t h e Socie ty was Miss Eliza Rr Snow,TresidehTof the" Fe- - D. Lant and MissE. R.Snow. A welcome to Avas exceedingly cold and, severe. -u, xvc it-- oocieues, accompanied by, Mrs. Sister Snow was also read. Many, in consequence of exposure and hard- xuziiueui nowara and the editor of the In her remarks, Miss Snow said to the ship in their expulsion from the State of Exponent, paid a visit to Payson, sisters, "Our aims have been too low; w e Missouri, and the unhealthiness of the cli- Utah County, and heldrecently a r t,n must mooting mate of ISauvoo, had been reduced by sick- F. R. improve them. . We have been in the ntf Pnf?Ofl Vr cirvl of that Society habit of thinking w e could do so little."-S- he ness to destitution, and had it not been for 01 u the adiacenf spfMonionfu"-"':- .," 1t IHU recommended the organization of "a vnnunuj . "-- -- ' - -- do-shoul- d eontin-listenin- WORK-IXG- 3 re-pl- , ed ' nu-lar- ge i sis-te- rs . I . X f Rnn-rrccfo- ri 1 w W 1 3 I 1 I I I i- - 1 1 1 - .r.tZ -- " r t-- Wi or-ganiz- ;ed, i rf I 