rinriir.r wr ftiyirm 'irf fir n WO 31 AX'S EX PO NEXT. MISCELLANEOUS. And need I iitld that we ought not to be surprised at the frequently recurring affec- tions of the tongue, throat, or stomach?" 11 eke is now TJieodore Tiltcnu talks in the " Golden Age" of the woman recognition plank in the Philadelphia platform : "It is something that the women got a rec ognition at the Philadelphia Convention. Of course everybody knows that the woman plank is the thinnest bit of pasteboard imag- inablc, and means about as much asLVcry truly Yours," at the end of a letter ; and we never heard of a woman's basing a suit for breach of promise on this complimentary annendaire to an ortlinarv enistle. The wo men who see the da wn orthe millennium in the nebulous generalities of the Philadelphia platform, must b in a desperate plight, .a ml like the ancient maiden we hear of, and al Tm; four principle smelting works for ore .in r the uietreatnient-of and gold .. . . . . silver i; itunited btates, and outside 01 Colorado, are at San Francisco, California, Reno, Nevada, timaha, Nebraska,: and Newark, N. J. The yearly revenue of the Order of Odd Fellows in the United States is now about $3,500, Ooi), and the average annual outlay for puqoses of relief is $1,000,000. The re- mainder is reserved as a fund to be called into use whenever required. The latest of-hciai stausticMf4he Order are as follows: .number of members, 7o7,0 11 : number buried, Hi ,0 9 : total relief paid, $10.0 J 2,2.36 : total receipts. $10,231,117: amount invested and funds on hand, $2:J,yo,l70. Fjokkxi h Nk;htingale is said to be a plainsimple woman, ouite destitute of ro ways regardedajpocryjuiaj mance, ioetry, or sentimentno Evangel- - out of! her impatience, aVnything in the FACTS AND FIGURES. The Wisconsin tobacco crop for estimated a j I 1 . ieaPUute of all a devotee pounds. numbers, are 20,000 strong. The biggest sale of real estate ever made in Minnesota Was that of 31,500 acres in Toddjand Otter Tail counties sold the other day to a London firm .for $80,0,00. Koop.MAXSCirAP has gono to wreck at last, on the Mongolian wave, with liabilities of $260,000 and any quantity of assets in Chinamen's notes, quotable at a cent a pound, , for old iaper. Ix : : the iron mills of Illinois rolled 10,026 tons of rails, iucluding 2,S00 of sheet rails, and rounded 51,152 tons, making a tal production of 01,178 Ions of railmid Mrs, : 1871 ton-,- 5 wlicliinaces Illinois-ne- xt jnJiiHaiHifacttire-ofr-niil- s la I'ennsvaiiiac f ? :. Franz Abt works a whole year in Ger-- . lean wax tlonueut:over:.G hinVtheTrcnthusi- many for alxut $1,500, w hile iir this coiih-tr- y vet when she is-- thinking Livermore and Lucy Stone and Miss Gordon - luiw shR rifi lioin tho iV.ir miri FniTnTra how she can improve the administration of asm ,mist ,c irrepressible." hospitals, her face takes on an expression of e are iiieue are so. many oi us. with kindle her pure, spiritual beauty, eyes like the blades of grass as Red Cloud savs. out she of her is enthusiasm, We cannot all be supported, depend and transited self. The soldiers in the hospitals at Scutari cling as we may. We must look out and do adored her as an angel, were happy if they for ourselves. could ; but touch the hem of her garment, " It is now pretty generally admitted that and sent imploring looks after her shadow. a woman may know something of business : " Work; Beechek book says Henry Wakp of keeping, Jjanking, and even law 1 here is some tendency among t he laljnri ng without loosing the peculiar charm and classes to reduce the hours of work to eigh t. beauty of herwomanhool tliat such stud- I like it, and I abhor it. I like it, because ics as an? pursued ncre do not necessarily it is a sign of the growing intelligence of rub the bloom from the peach of maidenly the working classes : and I abhor it, lecause innocence, the frost from. the plum of mod it would seem that work was hateful. I est reserve, the gold-dufrom the wing of lon't believe that common people are going tire feminine soul. True womanhood is not to work out their fortunes by collusion, ex to be essentially changed by changed pur cept by hard knocks. I don't lelieve that suits and conditions. There is a tough vi tlie majority of them wnrtcrabieat cin tal itr-btender womanhoo- d- it hours' work, to educate their children and tree, whoseroots take hold on eternal life. '' to leave their families in a better condition. Extract from Grace Greenwood's address I do not wish to say anything against the in ixjiiair of tne Lady Graduates of the working man T who Iiave the blood of Washington Business College. June 1 7. blacksmiths in want "to veins but .... .. - - g st " out praise work." s The Odd Fellows of Indiana, in even i - 1872-i- my I ; 1870. - twice that sum is lavished in his entertainment almost nightly. America must be to him the Eldorado of his dream days. j The total membership of the Orthodox Quakers at present in the United States is 57, 105, being an increase of 715 in 20 years. At the Methodist General Conference it was stated me otner day tkat- tne enurch ha.70,000,000pC 4roierty, and that before long it will amount to $100,00000. There are 21o cadets at the Naval Acad emy, 6) oi wnom were appointed oy tlie President, four arc naval apprentices, three Japanese students, one is from the District of Columbia, and 169 from the various States. The 'American Print Works at Fall River, Mass. are arranging to suspend operations torn season on account of the price of goods. The amount of business done at the works requires 82,100 a day to carry it on. and nearly $3,000,000 worth of clothis in process of printing from the time it goes into the mill Ijeforc it is finished. There arc over 650,000 scholars in atten dance at the public schools in Illinois. Teachers number over 20,000. t School houses, log, frame, brick and stone, 10,773. Expenditures for school purposes for the past year, $7,000,000. Lexington, Ivy., has nine hemp facto ries, employing an7averagejfi.alK)utixty hands each. The average amount of jicmi) consumed per day the year round by these - .:- The "Golden Age" says: When the There is in process for a charitable or of manufacture at Cambridgeport, Massachu- Englishman wantshemoney collects together a large setts, for the use of the United States Naval religious puridso getting them into a good humor by good m-nm uiu ue onjeci feedinff and Wi irnung their hearts to a glow iiuius ieiiupu mcnes in uiameter, ana of generosity by gmss is iweniy-si- x plenty .of wine, depletes the telescope when completed will cost $1G,-pn- their purses to an important extent. The MeCormiek, of 3IeCormick reaper a dinner is kind of. gar- fame, has ordered an instrument of the same public At thesereally gentle dinners, which are for the roting. size, to be presented by him to the Lee and most part insufferably dull, no woman is under firms, is from twenty to thirty tons, necessWashington University of Virginia his any circumstances admitted, of late itating the planting by the farmers to supply native State. The next refracting telescope vears. hv n 'darinr innnvntinn'though 1nrlios this demand of about 30,000 acres of the . Iijiva r " in point of size is owned by Newhall, of Ybeen admitted to the galleries to look down best land. Gateshead, England. The telescope so and see their male friends eat. themselves Tiie following are the dimensions of the much prized by Harvard University has an a littlb wine and sand- bridge now being erected between being regaled object glass of about fifteen inches diameter, witches handedbyaround. It was into one of great New York and Brooklyn : Total loncrth , and the one connected with the Chicago these solid and stupid dinner parties that 5,682 feet ; length of central span, 1,600 ; University has a diameter of eighteen and a our brilliant countrywoman, Hiss Kate Field, clovation above high water, 130 ; width of half inches. was smuggled the other day, without being bridge floor, 80 feet ; height of towers above Will mothers heed the following: A scarcely noticed by any one present, until high 268 feet ; base of towers at was Paris very distinguished physician says: "I after the usual he,avy-toastandlicavier re- ter line, 121 by 56 feet. believe that, during the twenty years I have sponses about the Queen and Royal Family The Vulcan Iron Works, Carondolct, 3Io., practical my profession, 20,000 children and Army and Navy; then the usual senti- employs 800 men in relays of five houis have been carried to the cemeteries, a sacri- ment to women was proposed and our fair ciich. The furnaces are turning out from fice to the absurd custom of exposing their revolutionist roso with easy tons of pig iron daily.: grace, and with seventy to arms. Put the bulb of a thermometer ijnto sparkling wit,; with winning voice, and One. of themeighty is .making pig iron directiy a baby's mouth, and the mercury rises to twinkling eyes, won them from .their first from pure-IronMountain plo.) ore, to fill a L to same its the stumor Now, degrees. ninety of carry then one and another began contract with the Bessemer Steel Works at little hand; if the arm be bare and even to snickerfright; at her sallies; then followed one ChicagoJTlic rail mill is making forty tons-p- er coolrthe mercury will sink to fifty degrees. or two hearty laughs, and finally the whole day. Tlie largest vertical, direct-actinOf course, all the blood that flows through table was in a roar. The effect of her speech blowing engine west of Pittsburg is here , .these arms must foil from ten to forty de- was electrical, and already some of the solid its steam cylinder has a diameter of five feet grees below the temperature of the heart. Englishers who attend those dinners confess and stroke of nine feet ; the blowing cylinNeed I say, when these Tcurreiits "of the that they would be more attractive were der, a diameter often feet and stroke of nine blood flow back to the chest, the child's vi- ladies invited to partake of them, and then feet. Its capacity is 20,000 cubic feet of air 1 tality must be mortC,or compromised? to open their lips afterward. per minute. . Large Telescope. : u. o. . 7 ....-w.- -j v . er, M-at- -- g, -- ls -- ' 