SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 15, 1872, Vol. I. EDITORIAIi NOTES. A wide room room for improvement. Miss - Loud is giving loud lectures on ''Woman Suffrage" in Massachusetts. A dangerous malady among horses has spread with dreadful rapidity; and melan choly results throughout the country. TnEJlELraFodet No. 12. Mrs. Dr. Mary P. Sawtelle. thinks that in the opinion Of most persons the law did every unmarried woman should have one not contemplate women's votuig Mrs.- to so She her. quarter section-oHan- d anddexterouslv knocked Huntington ably granted hasj)eenuccessfulun getting a mall approH asidetrthisiumenthathirJocrTr priation from the State Legislature of forced to the unanimous judgment that she Oregon for the encouragement and benefit had proved herself equally entitled with of immigrants: and has been moved : to negroes to vote under the Fifteenth Amendengage in this good work by seeing thou- ment, and Selectman Selleck administered sands of women whoso "protectors and to herthercustoroarE supporters have ftllen in battle, toiling and Her name was placed by the town clerk on ereeted a."House" for homeless unfortu suffering in great cities. May her humane the voting list asa legally registered voter," nates; an.exampleworthyof notice and exertions be well rewarded arid nothing "now can prevent her voting at ,. imitation. On Saturday evening,: 9th inst, at half-pa- the coming election, as she is-- resolutely-determine- Akotieer terrible disaster, the burning todo. Thus Norwalk will bo seven o'clock, afire broke out in Boston; to entitled the distinction the first oOhe "Missourr'at sea.C is recorded with which burned for about forty hours with fearful pictures of suffering .and death. The great violence, destroying over n. hundred place in any State of tlm Union accident occurred twenty-fiv- e miles from million dollars worth of building, besides female has been permitted to vote and L - the property i n them. . Coming a year and advanced to airthorfghtsiTdprilegcs'of Abaco, on the 22nd of October. last -of a month after the great Ch icago fire, which It is estimated that- - about nine-tentour State occurred as election. just tho the peoplo of Vienna live altogether in cafes it appears to have exceeded in the value April of was Fifteenth the Amendment and restaurants. How will children thus destroyed, it forces an inquiry as to the passage reared ever know the blessings which rests cause not merely of the fire but of its fearfni promulgated, and our Board admitted in the memory of a "Sweet Home!" spreading, setting at defiance all the means negroes to vote, although they were denied of for the suppression of conflagra- the privilege in every other town in the For the first time in the history of known State.! Subsequent : decisionsof ourablesfc American poli tics, women voted for - Presi- tions in large cities. dent at the late Presidential election,' arid in A highly interesting work is announced lawyers confirmed the legality of that action. two or three places their votes were received, as soon to be given to the public, bearing while in others they were rejected. The the title of "Travels Around the World," by SABBATH SCHOOLS. the late Hon. William H. Seward. Olive world moves. the adopted daughter of Mr. The next Congress will be more com- Risely Seward, Editor Woman's Exponent: who accompanied him on his pletely Republican in its character than any Seward, edits the A great deal has been said and done of work and gives accounts that has met in Washington for some years. journey, of travels, observations and philosophical late by the First Presidency and others in s, Will.it verify the hopes of Woman in the great Statesman's own behalf of Sabbath Schools. If the majority and give woman suffrage to the reflections words in connection with his conversations of parents would take greater interest in tho country? Time will tell.with Presidents, crowned heads, East Indian matter, and visit the Sabbath Schools An effort is being made in France to potentates and the Pope; of the crossing of occasionally, it would be encouraging to take the public schools out of clerical hands, nearly all the mountains, oceans and rivers both teachers arid scholars. Some may on "account of the atrocious scandals concern- in the world and the courtesies extended to think it onerous to go Sundav after Sunday as a teacher to a class. But speakincr from ing the behavior of certain . Fathers. ; The him in the countries which he visited. marriage of Pere Hyacinthe seems to have On Tuesday, the oth inst., Presidant U. experience, I can say that to go with the augmented the cause of discussion. to preside for spirit of the Gospel is a delightful pleasure. S. Grant, was have been a teacher some years, and have James C. Crittenden, son of the late A. another term of four years over the United 1never found it a loss but have been amply P. Crittenden, is reported to have deter- States. The position taken by the woman mined that Mrs. Fair should not remain in suffragists in the election campaign, the rewarded. For while we thus imnart the San Francisco, after the result of the trial; declaration contained in the platform of the blessings of knowledge to others we are and to have been prevented from shooting Philadelphia Convention, arid the subse ourselves recipients of like blessings. If we her by. "Mr. Tyler. He was, dquMess, queht action":6f the Massachusetts Repubr desire bur sons and daughters to fill honor r .1 able positions in society, we must lay correct "insane." licans, ought, when combined, to give some foundations An appropriation of $50,000 worth of assurance that woman suflrage would become Faith in God for them ml their childhood. should be early and firmly imland has been made, for the establishment a portion of .the supreme law of the land in of a Professorship, to be known as the the next two years. For the Republican pressed upon the minds of our children, that it may grow with their growthy and be "Agassiz Professorship of Oriental Lan- party, in the next Congress, can pass any to them, in future time, a consolatory guido guages and Literature,", and to belong to measure it pleases, and it can secure, the to smooth life's rugged pathway. The people of the University of California. The gift is ratification by the requisite from Senator Tomkins, and is well applied. the' State legislatures of any amendment it of the world seem to have lost the gift, so that when troubles overtake them they sink -Miss Stride of London, has been striding! may propose to the Constitution. in despair. Not so with the people of God. through the by ways of that great City, in We clip the following from the "Cincin- Their tribulations serve only to. consume the' noble and highly laudable pursuit of nati Commercial" of October29th, and insert the dross, and elevato and refine tho picking up and careing for, thus bringing it among Editorial Notes without further character'-i7i--j-- 1 back to light and hope, poor, sorrow-strickecomment: "A letter from Connecticut says: u. The would-b- e sympathizers who draw castaways, three hundred and seventy-fiv- e Old Norwalk, long the Gibraltar of Republicof whom she has been the "means of having anism in Connecticut, but which was carried long faces and groan over the condition of women in Utah, should reserve their housed, clothed and fed, nursed and won by the Greeley party at the recent town back to newy bright lifean JkjthThis, election, has still further advanced, and to- sympathy for themselves and their associates. We, as wives and mothers, honored and indeed, is true philanthropy. day admitted to all the rightsof an elector blessed, seeking to ameliorate the condition . M. L. Huntington. h A man and woman in iJcotland, - wishing The lady of all within the reach of their influence, to be married and not having the requisite appeared before tho Board of Selectmen-Mes- srs. have no . X S. Cs need of it. funds to pay a minister, took eaeh a handful Joseph P. Hanford, Andrew Selleck, Smithfield. of meal, knelt down before a basin of water, William IL JBau ton and Henry K. Selleck, put the meal therein, mixing it in token that Town Clerk, Officers- - by law required to exthey "would not sever till death did them amine and admit all persons legally entitled v Miss Livingstone, daughter of the great part,? took oath to this effect on a Bible, and to suffrage,' and demanded her rights by African explorer, has received a letter from rising declared themselves . man: and : wife. virtue of 1 the Constitution" of the United her father, who acknowledges having been A modern and economical method of getting States. Her argument was clear and logical, found by Stanley. Will tho doubts in the matrimonial knot tied. ' and could only bo answered by the plea that ricanus be silenced at last? ? ; - '. st d of-bein- g y hs ?- ; Suf-ragist- - re-elect- ed -- . . : ; two-thir- ds -- - n, Mrs-Sara- -- . Stanley-Af- 