)! 1 W 0 M AN'S E XPONENT. WOMAN'S VOICE. their contributions? This is not that they may ctriim would have been much better. be published, but that we maknow who the I writers are.VtaTentribtitionsiioww-hi- c FaJvejiodtogeiherJi 2Gtb, 1 872; Septy Kaysvilxe, ful, which must be a cause of gratification to we hesitate to use, solely because the names of Editor Woman ExroNENT: the Hoard of Directors of the D. A. & M. Hoci-- ! me wniers uiu no accompany me manuscripts. In looking oyer the last number of the We are pleased to note 'the prosperity of the ety ; and the ladies have reason to feel satisfied 1 felt thankful that our Father with their share in its attractiveness. In : the "Ogden Junction," which lias changed its Exponent,had in Heaven given us an opportunity of form to a quarto shape, w ith a department devoted to art were some very-bea- seml-wtekour feelings with regard to t iful specimens of ladies' work in wax, new and hansome heading; and is published as expressing "nolvo-amv.as Jit is called. I have'1 had a which drew prizes and were greatly admired by a daily as well. The "J unction" is a lively, of twenty years in it, and I know I practice wide-awa, all who saw them; and the to which differcontinues sheet, grow in and can testify to the world that it is a pure specimens of ent kinds of wo and busi- and holy principle; and if it is practiced acunder editorial and the public favor; ladies, as well as by the Relief Societies,showed ness management of Mr. Penrose has been cording to the will and design of our Father . best in Heaven, it cannot fail to ennoble and exhighly cultivated taste and excellence of work- made a financial success. It has out -:wishes for its continued prosperity. alt the sons and daughters of Adam. I know manship in a veiy superior degree. I Saint can honestly The mild, beautiful weather which prevailed that no true Latter-da- y : CONFERENCE. during the session of the Territorial Fair and say that "polygamy" is not true. We are Semi-AnnuConference, gave additional cause not as foolish as many suppose us to be. We : - The Forty-Secon- d "Sem limuarCoference for eniovment and Gratitude to the neonle who knmFinwfibnTlre Have i rustedr" We do of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y attended both with a desire to be pleased and I not . count the trials of this present life fi t n J. wWch s, commeed on Sunday the exhibition of artides u ly " ke , al - -- tobhheustialtimcb music affordedby the bands and the united choirs, and the many splendid ideas given to the Saints forTeflection and generatiiser President George A. Smith leaves this st,ac morning , for the of the Fall Conference, was a period of true re joicing to the honest Saints who had the privi lege of being present and hearing the instructions given from the stand. The same peaceful, charitable and intelligent" spirit which ever characterizes these Conferences prevailed at the late one, and the counsel and admonitions offered for the consideration of the people should be long and well remembered. And not only l r J tipp oy nil whn Iiovp iho testimony nf Hip I 1 Feramorz Little. President Smith desiems to visit several parts of the United States, some countries of Europe, and the Holy Land during hisabsence, which he expects will extend to about a year.The faith and prayers of the discharge our duties. We did not come on this earth like butterflies for gaudy show, but we came here to .help to accomplish the will of God. We do not care what the think, or say, about us; it has no effect upon a true Latter-da- y Saint; and they w10 profess to be Saints who do not see that plurality is right, should never raise their hands or voices against it, for if they do thev will instead of injuring us bring Sftinte will np wit.1i him nrm tIva nnmnonwJ tliof I j j . v . . iuum-XUti5picaxgu- it. C .1 m nniMT Cirr Vv lmnn f0.i Spirit that the principles taught them are pure, instant, during their absence I r may rest assured of; that as -- long as the and essential to the promotion of peace7 happiThe many friends of Sister Eliza R. Snow I Kingdom of God remains upon the earth, so ness and prosxerity in this and in a future state will be nlpaapd to Ipam that, fthp is tn mnlrp nno lono- "Dolveramv" will remain. The wicked of existence. During the forenoon of the first of the that is to start about the 26th may threaten and lay secret plans to try to day of Conference, President Young remarked of this company month for a. trip through aportion of the destroy us; but that God who has thus far to the Saints that when left to themselves for a us safely through all the changing short time they were apt to begin to look at the United Statesandavisittosomeothercountries, brought the Holy Land. That she will go scenes which we have been subject to, will including of of their own, and with flip faith and hTpssino-- nf iht K.siov whn COnunueTCrt)Verruitrll-tiniig- 3 others, forgetful failings Jur uiu guuu ' thus lose the of and deceive themInf for and the His Spirit light building children, i, " " up of ' liave avjiuwu aimj uijpieuiatcu jaci guuu wurKJi ill jI . selves. He said that prosperity would be given rrt 11uv il. i i o liik uianv A.i icikptis mr- - i nis to a portion of the Saints, while others could zjiuii. la iuiiv eviiicreu warded to that effect. Prayers will be offered not bear it but would be overthrown thereby. on every hand, for her good health and A MUSICAL WAIF. Who would not like to be prosperous in their up Will she be while and for her absent, efforts to accomplish what they believe to be pleasure safe to return and her mountain home. early One of the finest specimens of home proright? Would it not pay" any believer in the A Teachers' Association was organized in Scriptures to "Seek the Kingdom of Heaven this City during the recent Conference, the duction that we found, while attending the a beautiful little "music and its right eousuess," thus laying a sure Convention of which it was the outgrowth be- Territorial Fair, was not only performed nicely with-ou- t upon which to build those things for well- - attended- - by teachers from different box," which ing the trouble of winding up, but had also which the whole human family are striving of the Territory The Association is a parts riches, power, glory? There would certainly be its objects should command the sup-- The more wisdom in looking to ourselves and seeing good one; only unpleasantness connected, with its 1 "c Ui na ierruo tbKi"Llu intonations, was while we listened it played that we are prepared to receive blessings as they Ihe cause of education at heart, and its efforts but one tune and that in rather a high key. are handed out to us, that we may hot be over- cannot result other than in we good. Our Still, attention wa3 drawn to the little thrown by any of them, than in running wild one disappointed in thing connected with strument," standing by its self in the hall, after the follies : and vanities of the w:orld, as it. There are many ladies engaged in the pro- - by its mournful yet lusty rendering of "I some of the brethren and sisters seem to be do fessionjof teaching in the Territory, and who can't find my mama," wbich it continued to we as humble ourselves as fast and For ing. are doing good work; yet on over the play while we stood by for a minute or so. make ready, all the riches and glory that we names of the officers we dolooking not find a lady's Our sympathies were aroused, and bending ' can take care of will be given to us. down we endeavored by gently patting, and them. among The President also remarked that "If the 'At a meeting of the Superintendents and saying something' of a soothing and hopeful Lord designs to try His people in all things as Teachers of Sabbath Schools, held on the even- - nature, to change the tune or stop the music; has been spoken, we should see to it and be inrr rtf u .".I hut we stflrtpd iiti- in dlsmnv urjon finding ncf mvf iva tu iuv o ttii Ulr Lllls but? cUit a v tha nu iX VilJ liatl iioiy iaaa on4. mi k i - a :i,i foun-dati- , JVIIIM-UIIIII- . on r in-we- T- -i prepareacheta live m the fulness of times, when the Lord will I I 4- r re A ftml Wflrd9 nf ihift ritv, WprAWnr(16OTlfflri Xri. er and continue the same tune with double come to reign as King of Kings, and He should interestinff strangely pertaining to the best meth- - the rce. We felt like taking thathousehold be our law giver." ods of conducting Sabbath Schools were ad- - attractive yet neglected bit of t 11 im vanced and dwelt upon, by several members: 1U.llure HOME AlFFAIRS. , imilU uui b and much encouragement and credit was given re-al: "I?ease ,f 4to,ueh' J The Report of the Hyrum Society was 1 schools in general. Sabbath School Jubilees, ?,ther ceived too late for publication this number, but it is contemplated," will be held y , will appear in pur next. 'r lnOgden, hereafter.So much goodis believed Provo akd lxgan are talking of papers, and to have resulted from the one lately held there. , IT" I . i u ' o ;each will :probably have; that all are anxious to have an Improved rep fn"oU7 while. Southern Utah too, should support a tition, and an expansion of the blessings real- - music had ceased and the instrument waslarger sheet than the'TomologisV' .while in ized, about the 1st of May next. Otherorgani- - gone. Likely the owner had been around Mr. J. K Johnson it has a veteran editor of ex- - zations of the same kind will, doubtless, adopt and concluded, . as it was Saturday in the perience and ability. similar proceedings for the gratification of afternoon, it might as well go home.- We Will correspondents have the kindness, Sub.bath School attendants, and the prosperity made several enquiries concerning it, but in every . instance, to send their names with of the Schools. did not ascertain to whom it belonged. . 'i"1 a,' i"'".; ?TS' semi-annuaU- k 'T, F rxi """ . - .... - ; . 8 r"k..v 