61 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. and dedicate their work, and the ground that is to be devoted to such purposes, to the Almighty under whose providential care they enjoy all the blessings vhich they possess.-- : A TEitniitLE tragedy occurred in this city on September 3rd. Qne young man named Wil-for- d Tibbits, sought and met two others named Ii. Whiting and W. Wilson, accusal the former of traducing him, struck them both with a heavy club, and was shot and killed by Wilson, who was subsequently arrested, examined and discharged, on the ground that the homicide was justifiable, being committed in The deed "of blood was the result of evil passions, revenge jandfit Ja jBaid, intemperance. How carefully mothers should guard and guide their children in early years, to the o repression of outbursts of vindictive passions; .HOME AFFAIRS. how wisely should the steps of the young be that their older years may be marked The Home Missionaries continue their labors directed, by a course honorable in itself and winning rethroughout the Territory with excellent the esteem of the good, instead of one that ' . sults. might bring shame and disgrace, for evil deeds! , .One Tjrors.vxn tickets of admission to the Territorial' Fair have been printed by order of KITES AHOY! the Hoard of Directors of the D. A. & M. Society. .Wilt or it friends exert themselves-t- bring Editor Woman's Exponent:. You will confer a favor on the Telegraph in increased subscription lists for the ExpoCompanies by asking boys not to fly kites nent during the approaching Fair and in proximity to telegraph wires, as they Conference? Tice Exponent is a woman's paper, and we very often "foul" the lines and give serious wet weather. If would be pleased to have still more con tribu trouble, especially during will urge their sons to keep away t tons from ladies who sympathize with its ob parents from the wires with kites, and not to throw jeers and desire its success. "We hope this rocks at the insulators, superintendents will general invitation will be accepted in the place feel under obligations. of private and personal ones. Respectfully, A. M. Musser, Superintendent. Eliek RitiCHiAM Yorx(j, junior, of the Salt Lake'City,Sept. 7, 1872. Twelve Apostles, has been presented to the .people of. Cache, county, in conference assem bled!' a.? "president of .Cache and Rich counties, WOMAN'S VOICE. and the appointment "has been sustained by their unanimous vote and united prayers. Editor Exponent: imaginations, and, fiilPof the vanity which springs from ignorance, Mill not be taught. Our faith is dear to lis. Jt is no blind belief, no ignorant fanaticism. It has been intelligently embraced as satisfactory - to our reasoning powers. It has brought with it conviction of its truth that no barren theory could bring; and testimonies of its divine origin that no causu-istr- y nor sophistry can overturn. It lias buoyed "Saints to. the accomplishup the' Latter-da- y ments of works that have made their nalrie famous in every civilized country; and the Lord of Hosts has stamped it with the impress of His divine seal, that those who examine it r gaze, in the light of eternal intcili- "geuee,. caTrwche .sign, manual u.nde7wnTciriF hiS;.becu;ent forth for the salvation of a world. -- self-defen-se. with-clea- . o the church, and it was to please her, five to years after, that I consented to emigrate of the America, and. come to the- valleys the- factory tried Saints.- - My assoeiates-o- f bv dissuading me, to prevent my coming. Thev talked of the "poor, miserable Mormons," and their horrid practices.to But when thev found I was determined fulfil my agreements with my Another, they made me promise to write them the truth when I got to Utah, , I have done so. - I have told them how I attended meetings for a long time before I became convinced that it was the truth of Heaven which the elders taught. .How sixmonths after I had been baptized, I hap- " at a general conference, pened with my old love, of whom I had not heard a word for more than seven, years, and his wife whom I had never met before. And that they both still declare they are happier.:, for having found me, and can realize and acknowledge that the hand of God has been over us all for good. jrhe factory girls still ridicule and laugh at me, but I do not mind that, since I know that but for their pride and ignorance they would any of them ownthat they 'envy - me my dear, honored husband and my baby. - to-mee- t, -- K.G. Semi-Annu- al .Hons. George A7 Smith, Wllfo'rd Woodruff and George Q. Cannon and A. M. Musser, Escj., have gone- to California to attend the State Fair, as a delegation from the Dcseret Agrieul- tural and Manufacturing Society. Their visit will be of value to the industries of IJtah. v, .. The vote of this Territory at the last gen erai' election, held August 5th of the present yekr, was 22,913; and yet Utah is refused a State government ! Probably Htlie fact"tliaOrr. Cannon, the People's candidate, received 20,969 against 1,942 for his opponent, may account in part for Its continued condition of tutelage - TiiE PRiMARY and, intermediate department of theUiiiversity of Deseret opened on Septem- ber 2nd, with Miss ISIary .E77Coolras principal. It gives us much pleasure to speak in the wannest commendation pf this ladys abilities as apractical instructor and: teacher of large experience. The department has about two hundred pupils, with room for more, in the Social Mall fh'T'thisJcity,1 wlieretlieTases' - - - f MOTHER-IN-LA- W. see the little feeling which is evinced by married people in general, and gentlemen in particular, for the mothers of their, consorts. Derisive songs are sung, light speeches are made and laughter provoked in connection with the . It is really lamentable to which should be one of the most sacred. Gentlemen do not seem to realize, while basking in the sunlight of youth, beauty and wit, which give the fascinating charms to girlhood, how much those fair young creatures are indebtn matrons, whose wishes ed to the are so often met with ridicule and considered whimsical, for all that makes fhem gentle and lovely and their companionship desirable. - Or, that young girls, if . they live, are bound to become aged wTomen in their time, and most of them, doubtless, even such despicable creatures as mothers-in-laname of mother-in-la- w, care-wor- Had I been more- literarilv inclined, whenV T ... 7 . my parents and teachers used- to urge upon me the necessity of studying- my books. te a more interes t should now be able ing letter to your paper than I fear, I shall do this time. But. however, as so few of our efficient writers seem disposed to enunciate the principles of truth in their more elaborate and refined manner, now that there is a ehance for it, I trust that I may not be thought out of place in offering a few simple statements in my humble way. Especially as you liaVe extended a general invitation to all the broken-hearte(!) downtrodden (!!) to speak for themselves and tell their own grievances. I have a story to teiirx haveartestimony to pearj ana may the Spirit of the Lord direct me that it may be done in meekness and sincerity, and be productive of good. It is a very extraordinary thing for an English factory girl to mingle much in to-w- ri d, u -- . w! - Because a mother is more solicitous for the happiness and welfare of her daughter than any other being knows how to be, even the daughter herself;, because she realizes more fully the fearful dangers which surround, in many different forms, the state of beautiful maidenhood, her anxiety and concern arc frcq unthinking ahd injudicious people consider undue restriction,-- , and even a lack of sym pathy on the part of the mother for her child.1 Some foolhar . that when they marry their sweethearts, the mothers have no farther claim on them, .and reseryeher that they have relinquished all right to direct youngmd dignity, chastity and reputation as, doubt or adviseT ffiy jcverfcad anyjj and they testify; Yet take it as an undisguised Affront for their A few days ago the ground was dedicated less, many of my readers can Tor some yearsJ mother-in-lato make sug and broken for the water-work- s of this city, of a the thank without to the. in I management Heaven, escaped regard gestion Alderman Groo, of the City Council, offering and, blemish: owing perhaps to my tailing des household affairs or the care of the babies. the dedicatory prayer, and Mayor Wells turnlearn, perately in love, at an early age, with a Well, young men must live-an- d of .shovelful followed first the earth, by young man who was the soul of honor, but like other folks: but I wish some of them ing President Young also moving part of the soil. who was engaged to another lady and, con would learn a little more readily about such We chronicle the sequently, although he was very fond of things, and not take lessons so mudf at the water-works comare first the not marry . me. When . he left expense of the feelings , of their wives and city First, these menced in the Territory; second, they mark the bur place, all the young peopled began to their wives'- - mothers. ihen, pl(ise Tung mothers-in-lacity-an- d are on would next the' of the increase of fasten my consider that if pur wonder whom: I large growth: rrVuIatioh; arid, third, that at the inception affections; for they did not know, and women, they have lived longer inthe world of all public improvements, those for what are neither did I then, that I never should care than you have, and may have gained some termed secular uses as well as tboe for ecclesi- - j for any one else, Two years, afterwards, i little information that you have never Mormon Elder:; came and preached the thought of, with all your wisdom, aitical purposes, the Latter-da- y Saint always - Frank. Invoke the' Divine blessing upon their labors, go pel to us. My widowed mother joined gay-socie- ty, -- ! ueh-wasmy-exto- enence fact..T-foserar:Tasons- -- w -occasional I w " , r 