Vvb M A N'S KXP ON ENtf. 36 SPLINTERS. the Eldn Watch manufactory. I.. A $H practices, and, in consequence of this, the most nnn rvmrt lmiwn w fn ho orootori this season fpliei ton s in their evervdav life, of anv class of aOIodesta ., .; pedi)Icextant, is one principle to tvhich they creates adhere. And one proof of the efficacy of the sion to the Turkish throne," still muchxeitemerit 'in.-- Turkey....."A , Salem, basis upon which this faith is built, is evinced Massachusetts iwer says, General Grant's by the spirit manifested in the reports of meet-da- y e greatest fault is that he stands in the way of ings held by women outside and inside of so niariv candidates, to the Presidency...... mon(jom. Minutes of meetings held in San Fran- I he Gerke vineyard in ranama county, ciseo aml othcr piaccSf xhmv; that the women covers an area 01 iou acres, au m iiorniar lirpsPllt 1tuition and - fl fss ttsflyi wIth r "r . v. i n tt j i. in it a mi state oi cmiivauoii.... wish to burst the bonds of tyranny in which wn, ieauing boand. While mm- - .AThquojithesuje -- London harfour thousand miledof streets. Harvesting js about over in Virginia.;, Twenty ocean steamships now ply between New Orleans and Europe...... On the first' of July, 'the women of Illinois Were eligible to hold appointive offices in The Press Association in Lon- that State disputing as to which iirsrSentto America the news of the result of the late ......ThestrikeTs in New totinghavecontest cut down the building going on ipr en years York as compared with hist CKmie.succ there nearly one lalf, . :. l .i . -- trs iwuni .. mrrrwiiippf i jiiiii win. mi iir einp v. ticfi iiavnVww-xne v oman ouuragisis ui iuis&uun c4it tit "' year J' Billy are a unit for Grant and Wilson.... .. A wood- - doubtless, soon be very lopular champion, and en water pipe factory is to be started in Edwards, the light-weigSalem......The Caledonian Society in Lon- - Hrtt Mullins, an English bruiser, have been don gets fancy balls in which some of matchedibr $1,000 a side and the lights the Quests attire themselves to represent weight championship of America...... A con tho jineipnt Piets and Scots.... .Gen Grant respondent ofihe AVashinton "Patriot" says blood rela- - that the title of L. L. I), bestowed oir 3Ii has placedAn office twenty-thre- e tives and eighteen who are relatives by Grant means "Lover "of Large Donations..,, . marriaee.. .. . .The woman movement has not Ine printers' strike in jMiiwauKee created sensibly modified the social atmosphere of greater excitement thaj) any event since ' A patent for General Porter will shortly the Chicago conflagration St. Louis. . ' t I : -- vr. "" i i and thankfulness for the irroat blessing with which th miinrit v nfih fftrmmi' ' satisfaction -- un ht . u.iuer uiemseives surrounueu.; An these very, women who are so anxious to jet, JTtahasroTvenea Me creatures," whom they imagine have no ' sense or spirit. ...... . r- if their position, is happier for them than ours would be, we are .willing that the should maintain .it, and improve it as fast and as much as possible We have no thought of ex- - 1131' Ui XUiIltH.litli - JllilKU JIUUlli: IIU ill VVV" VJUUlIglllg niui 111C1.11, ui iiiuiiil; u ii H lllt'ir to of Powell New York. William to ware, views and opinions; for while in the msscssion for Grant.,....A Catacazy stump going . of our senses, we prize our freetloni too highly luimphlet is published at Long Uranch, in which the exMinister endeavors to vindi "V cate himself from charges brought against THE WOMAN'S EXPO N'E N.T . .J'!! " him by Sectretry Fish, and says he was not neied nor annreriate it. neithef . w. w w 'k.'.w dismissed from his position, but relieved at his own request ...... The yacht "Josephine" . " WHY WOMEN SHOULD VOTK. 1 i ti .11 Poblished fin Salt LakeCityf Utah. Terms: mo 1' Ten C0P and crew wore; Xrep.D.ef;! ; SS6,81 rates: andank: Island, passengers Each square, eight A ,7 v'While many women care nothing about (he saved..;. ..A .BOSton Special, lias jjOt the lines of nonpareil space, one time, ?2; per month, S3. (Jencral gents street, EtTempio ballot or iwlitrcsraml would avert the trouble., c5fVirJ,lmtcrsun' slightestrtloubt that General Banks has de- - van uunw .uj business Addres all to communications termined to abandon the administration of voting were the right granted to them withJ'ublihers Woman's Expoxkxt, on and array himself the side of the Demoout their asking for it; others have formed Salt Lake City, Utah. success: The first Woman of the cracy...... themselves into serried Ixnlies of contending, movement in is to said Suffrage England pugnacious clamorers, whose voei fera t ions a re SALT LA KE CITY, AUGUST 1 , 1872. lx) the result of a sunrise, being, carried difficult to be traced or understood. Yet it is through Parliament before conservative supposable that they think, by the purveyance . people, got FACTS. their eyes 'open..... of the power to vote for thosethey lelieve most irom &r. ix)uis says, tnat city connuently and best calculated to be placed as die- worthy ...... t expects to become the capital of the United I XV iviiiin f iinit. MUM Willi V VIIi t w 11. ,fi U'O f TtirnfU tllllli. ril nru 1 I I "!H V A m p A I 4 fir''y M. . semi-month-ly i .A-write- k 1 . r i v X IX lv I MM I z i. . I t 1 w 1 i m . I . wl-v- ft . .l which is so manifestly necessary. to affairs b But were that power which they so enthusi I01?1 111 account of a. visit toSaltLake astidy claim the right to possess, bestowed up .. .mv.I son tnem, now many would be truly efficient to lQam aplH.ars in one need be in wield it in the proper channel? Xot 'that wo- -' PaP01; and after reading (lou1)t as to what 8ort of lcrson or 'persons, the men have less than men of the natural endow- writer mive been entertained by while here; if merits requsite for forming a clear and irrepre- a shadow of truth in the article, hensible judgment; but they have not culti- Once in a wliilp an Iinmlilo vuHati . vvv. flmcn , fnnfi, - ti.si mfwl uiwciiuvuiuw.iliUl- (llltllllull iIMS ueeil uiuu ""i jtijvuij illustrates the Mormons as be- - given to other thinirs: and thev am. ihfA goal in us, and v " . " ... . . .. " ' ' ..it u' a" virtuous, mieiiigent, e ""PIV temper- - nnqualineJ, the majority of them, to act wiselv inutm uuu iiiuusirious. mis, nowever, is I in ine capacity thev so earnestly seek. iwi wi wing uu- - mnlv ' T. ih- velonedi on Itevnolds' Creek. n,ir'.'.'ITnhhlno. . i 'w. m mA,f mvi.. lu i.uu 'm... " me powers they Hold, " t is not Mir V . l an J1 venthose Pleasallt evidence women . that would not use thoso l2o,t T . . . w in wisih tn an jius khuh oiun .....i4ui-u-i 4 ...tiL .v w mmn. . . cov.uuu 10 am i .. ...in inn an POMi'fs f ,.im wim in emmriiyii nmtmpr u..rujuuiWlr to the Young Men's Christian Union, of Chicago, and the name is to be changed to the Christian Union.... ..Ladies in sounro ' cut bodices are not admitted to Queen Vic- toria,s drawing rooms.....rheB(jardbf Tis-itors, at West Point, in their annual report, animadvert severely upon many things about tlie academj'.....JSix Chinamen r were killod and two ovfrnlvT 'wrijirilia! ni - " nthfr few days since, by the explosion nuuiivv.u) of a blast,' .... j. uu tu uvn luau uciwwu parson. aim jieno. 1 " - w in! ;lWay1in!imn 1 I I . some-new- ' it,-n- tncro-appear- - i v.c . Vr";rL " I r 1 - - I - . rcnauuse "" ru.T-ii..- nu uarKeneu concern- - women are V purer, their sentiments more g the action against the Pope, of the Italian L tab and the .Mormons, and represent un- - fined and elevated than those of men, should be Governmentand the new finrnuin Imitruths which themselves believe they to sufficient fesHmnnv may ruflracrt scribing the Jesuits, were condemned.-.- . ... A be correct. to to be conceded school house in Copenhagen, Denmark is them. Not that f hnv ougnt The Mormons do not claim to have mav teach mpn ivfHnm hv furnished for one thousand children... ...One rPflfMHWl " ".7 iulu .....r ulHUi Illlt'l- ... fl (.f'lnrt.inl .C..f i mi 4ilu i o nvnon si.. a i vvvu oiauuuiu ui ncnei'i hut ihnr ipvw vvpi. .v;-evUVvruiii iiu Mivr-jiito havp nrprmmo li McMumn is, that it grew out of some diffi IlOt.. assume us .. . nviiu, - ."cuvitm, uuu enasie influences in endeavor- e us, temptations and sufferings. Thev in the Moyamensing Association.... culty upvpi- tinjr to nurifv f h A number of Roman coins have recently insinuate that there are no bad people among utxu lyuuu in ii tULV)ii.,.rur i K)ein 01 1, . r III II (Wftl KM Vl ; i0 mai Illicxas alone, will relsand livrwrif rK. oyu uucs, uiu "wyuriauu iionuiiy" piys Joaquin Miller $2,000...... Romeo, the blir confess that there are numbers, professing to be 'laniuveiy lew years produce re-in- w :..t I . . ay i. . w - a WW I - -- r I I I W I - ...vuu -- I I cxeiT-tneirm- orp - A. . v. utv i- ui-- il It latter-da- y Saints, whom-hiSatanic ma operation to cure his diseased leg.. .. ..Nearly might blush to ackiiowledire . as his rplnH,-.. e vo I staplcsthan are now produced hi all w ffl r 200 cases of sunstroke occurred in one are all contented would nnt day 4io say uiey im v' . "'V. of July, in New York, of which sixty were none in Polygamy find it mat iruc, fatal... .. .Two Jaixinese youngsters are being would Ik false..; Hut that y contentment. In f hosn ri;iw 4r educated at Forest Grove university, Oregon the statement in a general sense, the MnrJ ordinate, greed and tnnn .......The-- "Lady Elgin" U the name of a ng mons are the most tcmnerafp. itiiin!ti.in..u down fho . . 'lppjuvn,! l,.j.s r neat little journal published by the ladies of unat chaste and r"wu"! "grasping, t 1 X v v- s -- - otheT-StntenheTJm-mt: ..it I ' 7 i... r:eWre8 ;.i self-indulfrnn-ep. i. anu uiey uoirt have makes thousands wretched. j ; Mor-raad- i U- j t s ; I i 