WHY WOMEN ARE; EXTKAVAGANT. TADIES WUUIVMVUJt '" .v- - n wiid ; . - Prc6GoodJt JNp- Taylor tions, etc. Also the Cheapest Store for JfamiJy Gro so ceries ' in town. Call and see. are so extravagant in dresi?, and y none uui iiinca ?n nfhrr Tpsnorts. tnatand foolish rich men can afford to marry, "neonle have been saying the same thing, or like it,' ever si n ce, Every somethiiflr .CJ,very time a man foils in business, people take a n av5 a Hiumuwv men uu in ven ui ; to-da- - ... Go-t- o that the women of " !. ?fpr . WALLACE H. Has the best, largest and purest stock of con fee- . a g t city. Just the place for ladies V i '.WOMAN'S EXPONENT. jke A UTAH LADIES JOUKNAL. r cry out, "Poor fellow! lie was ruined uy ner wimm., fTMPBELlTTSr-PATTERSOextravagance,!" "Tho women of Utah occupy a position which club his of lis: account expenses, taken No attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and Dealers in Books. Stationery and Newspapers, nr hi linnppnssiiirv' restaurant bills, women everywhere. They are engaged in the prac fist horses, or the vanity which prompted EastTemplo stM gait Lake City, Utah. tical solution of some of the greatest social and moral him to buy a bigger or a nner nouse man Orders fom the country solicited. protlems of the age, and a powerful int: est is manihe needed. Nothing is, said of his dress fested throughout the United States, arid, it may be Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. n. An who onr a onsi Sni Jlf i W kattio t , w . x tH LUilia ililUHV tJJ iwa.. tlf saidj the entire civilized wor!4, to learn from reliable V. . sources the views honestly entertained by them o " he an " Artist tailor." these questions. . "7 or lost nae in his w. away, money II. gambled GEOVES, ryR. 3 rppkless stock speculation, lor au anyoouy DENTIST, They have been grossly misiepresented through be his while wife, to knows the contrary, Office Second South Street, Three doors west of the press, by active enemies who permit no opportueast of Elephant lieving him to be rich,, has dressed and Great Western Hotel, half a block" nity to pass of maligning and slandering them ; and ... Lake Salt City. lived only as his circumstances warranted, Store, with but limited opportunity of appealing to the in Umce Hours iroia v turn, to o p.m. doing; it, too, only-fo- r piis sake ; that he telligence and candor of their fello w countrymen andr mitrht not be ashamed to introduce her as -countrywomen ia reply. YOUR HOMES. his witeOrrif pURNISII as so his as is fault the long usually gant he, Who. are so well able to speak for the women of I would advise the Ladies who want to bay fin the fact remains that any proper man can Utah as the women of Utah themselves ? " It is bet and call to of Parlor Sets and furniture course of any proper lovingly control the ter to represent ourselves than t" be misreprrsented are often wife. Women extmvagaut. The examine the immense stock kept by 7 by others! ' fact cannot be denied. Uut that they are II. DINWOODEY, more so than men is by no means true. As For those reasons, and that women may help each a rule, every woman wishes to live within At No. 31, East Temple Street, and No. 75, First other by the diffusion of knowledge and information her husband's income, and in nine families South Street. y possessed by many and suitable to all, the publica- out of ten all the economizing is done by ion of Woman's Exfokxnt, a journal owned by, the wife. This constant iteration of the controlled by and edited by Utah ladies, has been JOHNSON'S x& secharge against women, however, commenced. cured a kind of passive acceptance for. the HOMEMADE FAMILY MEDICINES ! theory, and nothing is more common how The aim of this journal will bo to discuss every -v "6 "f?" "V" Warranted to be Better than the Best Im- - subject interesting and valuable to women. It will or inree inousanu u year lo'iameiu ineir incontain a brief and graphic summary of current news ability to marry, because women are so exlocal and general, household hints, educational mat- Ample Satisfaction. ported, travagant. One (of these has recently told ters, articles on .neaim ana ares. corresponaence, the public through the newspapers how it BONESET Purely vegetable. They editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its takes all his salary of two thousand dollars cleanse and PILLS. purify the blood, stomach and bowels. columns and miscellaneous reading. to support a single man, and looking over Act. powerfully upon the liver, kidnejs and urinary his bills of items and finding that it takes organs. It will aim to defend the right, inculcate sound iJrcak up fevers, strengthen dicreetion and fifty dollars worth of perfumery every year bring tho rosy hue of health to face; emaciated. Arc principles, and disseminate useful knowledge. to keep him sweet, Ave quite agree with toni cathartiC nimula and E00the removinff him that he should not marryIIearth e au Utah, in its Female Belief Societies, has the best a i institution of the age ; yet, but and Home." cases where cathartics are for either for organized benevolent Nf to-d- ay or-hi- s - r X . , I m . -in- aTi--may--iiave j , ..' -- sheha-bcen-aex- . . -- ..- .......... z:rftz:7. tra Bed-roo- m 1 and-Giv- e Cl-Zr- ::. sex, required, labors of these young or old. Try them fairly, and you will never ittle is known of the READ THE WHO EXPONENT: Wom ax's Exponent a department Societies. Ia use any more imported pills. Price 25 cents. JADIES will be devoted to reports of their meetings and other I will receive, in time for the Territorial Pair EYE BALSAM. For dimness cf vision, weak or matters of interest connected with their workings; and General Conference, one of the largest assort- - j drooping eyelids, inflamed eyes, old ulcers,- - sores, and to this end the Presidents and Secretaries of tho menu of Books, Stationary, etc., eref brought to the ringworm, tetters, cracked or sore lips, hands, etc. various Societies throughout the Territory are rePrice 25 cents. .'' quested to furnish communications which will receive Territory, including Ladies' books oa Physiology, y attention. CONKLIN SALVE; For pains or weakness in due Miss Eliza B Snow, President of the entire Female the Training of Girls, Cookery books, Educational the side, back, breast, or other parts of the system, Belief Societies, cordially approves of the journal, works in great variety; Albums; all the late Jklaga-zine- s, cuts, wounds, sores, etc Price 25 cents. and will be a contributor to it as sho has leisure from ESSENCE OF LIFE cures y.'cholera, diarrhea, her numerous duties. papers and periodicals; Stationery, Toys, summer complaintt, coughs, cholics, toothache, and Woman's ExroyiNT will be published Presents, Sunday School rewards, etc. , etc. many other ills. Price 60 cents. each number containing eight pages quarto. ; A3IES DWYER. These medicines are for sale, wholesale and retail, at The following low rates will place it within the of all, and the hope is that it may be made so reach " y ZION'S Z. C. M. I. DRUG STORE, valuable that it will be found in every family in Goods Salt Lake City, and at most of tho Dltahtmext. Dry stores Utah. TER3IS, Strictly in AdraQce : We are constantly in the receipt of all Scaonatle, throughout tho Territory. 1 Copy one year, fifw y l Copy six months, Sl.00 not in If 10 Copies one year, 1.U0 e ask lo stores, kept to merchants six l.00 your Copies months, your Dress fashionable, fotthe great va- send ' ."" : for them. i riety of our Patrons. No subscription Kceived for less than six months. stores throughout tho Territory It is earnestly desired that the Bishops, Presidents . We continue to manufacture the Celebrated on commission,, of sold arrates advantageous of Female Belief Societies and others interested in a V to purchasers. HALT L AKE ( i I A) V ES. y work of this kind, will interest themselves in getting ten copies for the price of nine. Children's Ilosiery, Shoe.', and Glove?, a specialty. AGENTS are authorized to refund the money, up clubs; While we carry a Cno stock of the elegant fHbrics where the medicines do not give satisfaction, and distribute to the poor needing the pills at Address all communications and subscrintions. expense of " f of tho day, yet the grand staples, such as Domestics, the of amqunt disposed of. Publishers "Woman's Exponent, Salt Laker Ci'y, proprietor - ---Checks, Stripes, Denims, etc.,'are "offered at tho low- From y UUh. : :r the Laboratory of est possible figure. JOHNSON, self-sacrifici- ng ' ' semi-month- : y-- Retail co-opeta-live .. Goods-Suitabl- -- - Co-operat- fur-bis- he , one-twei- ah : " II. 13. CLAWSON, Sup'L JE. St George, Utah. - -- ly A 