7" " 7" 7 r ' VT' ,( :7,;.,7; WO M A K'Sy E iTTTP. T?T?r A T.T 7 Vt-r- hhiUiTTtUn ' - V , .7'"''' r - ' 'i ' PONE X T Triwv nil within your" own bosoms, and hold their motto being, TJie poor to bo filled doings jour lio uuu.iiuiiiiuj A- u it uivQ.- first, the treasury next11 ; taniu characters aercd ' ,!"" ,!' TnE CI" 0F !,ACT00' ,mC0CK co.. ur.. , tlial Elder Taylor . Appropriate remarks were made, song It was tUc; vacate the chain Brest. Emma Smith and her sung, toasts and sentiments given, and an BY ELIZA E. SXQW. firwaa pn sef l oxepn en t ti m y nu present- j counselors took the chair; and PiirtiVnlnr roforonen is madC'to.thC'Sinff-- Elder Taylor moved, seconded by Prest. J. 7" 0 . " . J5 ijmitliTlhat we. o into an investifiranon respect- - ing of a little Indian girT, seven years old, v ""tVi mr hat this Society shall be caUed: which Avhosc Jatlier had threatened her life ana "y has always existed when was rnrriv1 tiimTiimniislv.whnicinother. lv fttratflcom. cot her away Society 13 a be-ithe Church of Jesas Church has been fully (The discu?!sion which was lengthy and inter-cstin- and gave her to Mrs. I. Snow-- her song in so is wholly omitteil.) "I ani hobod vs darlinsr," sung organized. "Elect lady " as it occurs in the "By unanimous vote, Miss Eliza R. Snow touching a manner as to bring tears to many JSew Testament, has direct reference to the a mother's eyes. was apjwinted Secretary, and , same alluding to one who presided over this Miss Phebe M. YTiet'ler Assistant Seeretaryy 7The Treasurer's report showed that since Institution. See' 2d Epistlfof John, "1st verse. am the organization of the Society, $881.46 had l .'7' The first organization of this Society, in the Misa Elvira A. Coles, (the late rs. IIolmc3) been reeeivod bvIonation. of which S486.60 had beciigiveii to the iwxr, leaving in the 7. .7":: present dispensation, was effected on the 17th of Treasurer. Vrest. J. Smith said, 'I now declare this treasury $380. 7o. March, 1842, by Joseph Smith, President of the organized with President and Counselois. Very good for the Society, of which ?iter Church of Jesus Clirkt of Latter-da- v Saints, &c. to K. 4 A. Jlolden is President, and sister L. W. Parliamentary iwajres. and all assisted by j)therprornineiit 7.EIdtr, His who according shalLhereaferIbe2admitt Kimhill!Becretar 1 that aP2BK arid received cicty mutlHfrerroiiT censure, periM, waalhe grea and responsibilities, which devolved upon him. ny vote. PEBSONA L T)E' ELOPM EXT. 'Elder Taylor addressed the meeting by sav his suefrestion wl a in wa niiiwMiif inetinr ly the Masonic Hall, and a limite.1 mfmlr in- - ing that he is much irratified in seehiL' a meet- ' ttetinil" ih" " BOR." M'a few extracts the Mi.nii'fes nfi w'n he sees the mot distinguished characters iBead Before U10 Ketrcnchtaent Sxiety, Salt Lake City.' i a cause which is Calculated To ilift'OriniMfmn M kw,t,t 'v'i:M.;ii;fwaw4urtii-iiThe development of the moral and intel' J"to and exercise every too virtue, being give scope lect uai faculties of every person depends lengthy for insertion hi full:"' Tlu liie "nevoient ieenngs 01 the temaie heart; JNauoo LorxiE Boom,. chiefly, on his or her energies and acindustry t10 Y(if: 1n caA 4i iiistucly.-BMarch 17. B542. 4 continually eekmg-andto -- the Taw of Heaven; his cording d "is, Eider-JohTaylor was called- to thf.liAii. that the blessings of God and the pra)'er of quiring knowledge our intellects expand,-anpeace we thirst for more intelligence and grow and Elder Willard Biehardd appointed secio Heaven rest on this Institution, hencemay eaerer for further ad vaneement : hdor and 7 ' 7 T: ; tary. forth. , : : perseverance attain to eminence ! fleeting commenced by singing 'The spirit of After ringing 'CowelleuCejoiicvthe Jiavinsr a knowleuere That God Ts our J a- Ood; Jikea iire is burning,'' etc Traver by for one week, Dissmissed th meeting adjourned accountable Elder Taylor. 7 or, and that Tie holds we make of the talents Tie When it was moved by Pres. Smith, and Before retiring, each gentleman present ayc for the use seconded by Mrs. Cleveland, that" 37T0tB" be has given., us, how necessary it is that wo a liberal donation to commence the funds of the shouid taken to know if all are satisfied with each cultivate and improve those God-giye- n : Institution. fij:- - . female present, and are willing to germs and apply them to usefulness in ffhe following lines were found written' on a acknowledge them in full fellowship and amit them to the anil Tying ori an open Bible in the room bis kingdom. We are living in the day scrap when the Priesthood of God is on tne earth, privileges of the Iustitutioa about to be formed. where, ami at. the time when, the Society was and ote unanimous. f through the great mercy of. God man which have been carefully preservPreskSmith --addressed the meeting to illus-trat- o organized; of its blessings ; we arc not left in ed and transcribed as an .frontis- partakes the objects of the Society; that the darkness and ignorance like those who have Society piece, to the F. R. S. Book of Bcconk of sisters might not received the fulness of the Gospeh We provoke the brethren togobd in works, 0Lord, help oar widotvs and father have many advantages which others do not looking to the wants of the poor, searchmg afer objects of charity, eta, to assist, less children! So mote it fie. Amen. po.-se; wo have means for acquiring a the morals and strcugthenm" the With the SWORD, and the WORD of higher development of mind and of obtainby corrccfing irmcs-o- i .cv, ine iemaie community, and save the TR VTW. dpfnul Thnu ing knowledge which is of The greatest aiders ine trouble! rebuking etc. -- He pro- worth. mnerir ( TO T, E posed that the sistersect a presiding officer to I ED. ) We make ourselves what we are to a great over preside extent. them, aud lej that presiding officer Faithfulness in -- improving; tho choose two counselors; that he would ordain F. B. SOCIETY BEPORTS. mind is always crowned with success j dilli-gethem, and let them preadt over tho Society, searching for that knowledge which as Mrs. A M. Frodshara, ju.t the Presidehcy preside over tho Church; of the F. B. pertains to righte6usncss never loses its reand if they need his instruction ask- - him he Society of Ofrden favnrs Secretary ward. Bealiziug this, wo have everything it wifli n will give it from timeTo tim held at that place April 25, 1872, in to encourage us to renewed diUigeuco and Let tins Presidency gen e as a Constitution. meeting a men sue eraies mat the general spirit of the perseverance ; true to the maxim, "There It any officers are wanted to carry out the de- Society is to do all they can for the good of the is no excellence without labor." Then, my of the Institution, let them te signs poor, ana whatever may be required at their young friends, let us not waste precious and set apart, as Deacons, Teachers,appointed are hands; and as the meeting was largely attend- time in decorating our bodies after tho vain amonsr us. ed there seems to be no lack of interest taken and unbecoming fashions andjTrivolitrcs7 Tho minutes of your wectiDgs wiU be prece-dejU- s for the promotion of good by the Society of sis- which surround us, but devote our energies for you to act upon, I . to the adorning and beautifying of our menters in that city. He then suggested the propriety of electing a We acknowledge a handsome subscription tal and physical faculties, that wo. may be to continue in office' duYiug good be- list to the ExroyxLvr Presidency through Mrs. Frodsham. prepared for future usefulness in tho Kinghavior, or so long as they shall fill office M. A. IV J. , A lexgtuv and interestinL- - ronnri nf n dom of God. with diguitv, etc, 7 . meeting of the Fourth Ward Female Belief Motioned by Mrs. Whif ..,,,1 1... society 01 1'rovo, held 3Iay 20th, has reached Mrs. Packard, that Mrs. Emma Smith THE DINNEB HOBX. be us. The occasion wa3 the fourth anniverchosen President; passed unanimous! v On suggestion of Prett Smith, the Prcsi-dentc- sary of the organization of the Society, and Josh Billings discourses thus ou tho " Elect .made choice of Mrs. Sarah 31. the report shows that the ladies there aro Horn This is the oldest aud most awake to the dutiesaud privileges Cleveland and Mrs.; Elizabeth Ann pertainhorn thare iz. It iz set to musik. nnd Whitney ing to such organizations. President A. O -r for Counselors," plays Home, Sweet Home," about noon. After which the ceremony of ordination was Smoot and Bishop Follctt were present, and It has bin listeued tew with more rapturous rarticipatcd in the proceedings, whicli were than ever Graffula'sband has. You performed.; "When Prest. Smith resumed his re- oiened delight by prayer, aud singing hv Mrs. War- ken hear it further thau marks, givm instruction how to govern them- ner you ken One Of Mr. and A suitable" daughters. their was in Bodimn's repaT selves meetings, whqt order to observe, prcparetl for the guns. It will arrest a man and w hich tho aired of occasiou, .. .. i ,vn him ivuiaic quicker thau a Sheriff's warrant. wcrc especially invited to f,r- - bring eluded iniuri' 1U(lIfcut 7 It ken outfoot any other noise: It f i byvbg, 'Doot "PTTT TT?P QHPTFTV ' ' jLr 1 CTirtSnr-Tm- 1 -i , 1 r"" fac-simil- e, t . , 1 mr g, i I j So-ie- tv : iof fi-o- ;. . PT1-1!- " tu.w: y -- n" , -- . -- : ss thi COi-TI.- nt -- ic, " & . ' ss sa-kr- ed - ; ui."M-iism- rt rCT .. knvn w deaf to hear and the dumb to shout for joy. Glorious old instrument ! s .' 'r7' 