SSPi , WOMAN'S EXPONENT. TRIP LIGHTLY. 79 FACTS AND FIGURES. MISCELLANEOUS. Trip lightly over trouble, Trip lightly over wron, We only make grief double By dwelling on it long. Why clasp woe's hand to tightly? Vhy eight o'er blossoms dead? Why cling to forms unsightly? Why not seek joy instead? The sum of $836 was realized by the read Three-fourth- s of the pleasures of a holiMiss Charlotte Cushman at Newport, day lie in the planning of it. ings of in aid of , the Newport hospital. given pays a tax of The Louisville "Courier-Journa- l' says $2,666, and James Russell Lowell $753. that Judge Davis is the proprietor of a smile Duvall county, Fla., with a population that, would make Colfax turn green with of less than 12,000, has, during the last jealousy. It "commences in the center and twenty-fou- r Trip lightly over sorrow, months, had 52 homicides and batter-cake" all over be a his face all the day like spreads Though dark, suicidal deaths, and 32 fatal accidents. Only The sun will shine A good woman never grows old. Years one murderer has been hung And gauy sing the lark; her head, but --Tabernacle- i n Tor hopes have not departed, e's may pass-ov- er BEVr and virtue dwell in her heart she is as Though roses may have fled; started three years ago with 19 Then never be Brooklyn as cheerful first of when life the spring But look for joy instead. members. To the 19 have been added 500 to a look we view. her When opened upon byletter or profession, and the congregaTri pJightly ovetLsadness, good woman we never think of her age; she tion has given for all objects $98,800. Stan d not to rail at doom; looksxis charmincr -- as when the rose firs "We've pearls to string of gladness, Justice is impartial. P. D. Banks, an bloomed on her cheek. That rose has no On this side of the tomb; and. faded yet; it will never fade. In her neigh Ibwamanrlia "While stars are nightly shining, to the penitentiary for ten years for And the Heaven is overhead, Dornooa she is amend and benefactor: m goes the mails. Simon Smith, of the Encourage not repining, robbing church and ex the the devout worshipper B ut look JorJoy JnsteAd me Stateeouallv v f ' and emplary christian. Who docs not love and feiter escapes.- -; $2,400 pays besides, JAMES FISK AND THE NEWSBOY. respect the woman who has passed her days m acts of kindness and mercy; who has been A Niagara Falls' correspondent has spent arrivals for last Stories of CoL Fisk are constantly in circu the friend of man and God, her life has been some time in classifying the lation some true, others not; bur a' little a scene of kindness and love, devotion to season, which numbered 4 1 ,975 ; New York incident which occurred not many months truth and religion? We repeat, such a wo- - Eeiarthenist before hisdeath is perhaps one of the most man cannot grow old;Z Sfte. wiH always: be 490; the British Provinces, 1,5G5; Europe, 1 AMc touching of any that have been given to the fresh and buoyant in her spirit and active in IjlOO; the Orient, Ooand The collar of tHe public. This one Mrs. Fisk takes especial ner humble deeds of mercy and benevolence pleasure in recalling, illustrating, as it does, If the young lady desires to retain the bloom Fleece, which was sent by King Amadeus v her husband's kindness of heart' and readi- - and beauty of youth, lei her not yield to the of Spain to the Comte de Flanders, is tne ness of svmnathv and heln to thnsn who sway of fashion and folly: let her love truth identical collar which was Worn by Christo needed aid. Col. Fisk had nftnn nntiVnrl in and virtue, and to the close of life she wil pher Columbus, and with wThich he was instreet a nttie cnppiea news retain those feelings which now make life vested with the Order by Ferdinand and boy, and one day he spoke to him in his appear a garden of sweets, ever fresh an( Isabella, in honorofthe discovery of America. d bluff, green. Ex. manner: The eleven Territories, as accurately as "Well, my boy, how's business ?" Princess Alexdrowa Troubescheneff, can at present be ascertained,' contain over "Not vory good, sir," was the reply. nee Stratoneroskoff, (orword:s to that effect,) one billion and a quarter acres, exceeding "What's the matter?" sailed from Bremen roopntly on the New by nearly two hundred thousand square see I'm lame and can't sell Yorsttjamer. She comes to the United miles the aggregate territory of all the Why, you well." States to join the "Oneida Society," New present admitted States of the Union. The my papers very "JNot a very good lookout for you. is it? I York. The Princess belongs to one of the Territory of Alaska, containing 369,529,60.0 say, my boy, how would you like to go into iamuies oi tne old ieudai noDiiity. is im. acres, is included in the number stated. business with me?" mensely wealthy, and enjoys a certain popu- - Gabden Islahd is the name of a little is-- 7 The boy looked perplexed and eyed the larity as a graceful writer of local plays. land in Lake Ontario, near the cityiof King-stonColonel curiously. also a a few small She published years since The population is about 1,000, Twenty "1 thinlr we might strike a bargain. You volume of Russian poetry, in the Deshoul- years ago a law was passed that no liquor come'to the Opera House at 11 this morn lienes style. She is a Princess of no small should on anyjpretense be brought on the ing. I've got a plan for you. Now be on talent, but her "forte" is the languages; she island. There is not a pauper nor a policetime." speaks no less than seven of them. Is it man among the inhabitants, and not a case t 11 o'cloek the- boy- - was there, quite I possible that a person so richly gifted shall hasicome befbTethengistTaterfor-fiftee- i curious to know what the Colonel wanted, soon be seen among that sisterhood of the years. "liulioa, boy, you're a good one. Now Bloomer costume, in those odious brown .A Detroit. man recently forswore tobae- see here, do you know a place for a paper frocks and drawers to match: her beautiful 1. 11 co. He eats a lew tnmgs to get uirougn : .... -to sianar" .. tresses cut" ber rears, and those lovely each The following is a list of a few hands "Yes, sir, white busily engaged manufacturing little day. things required the first day: Six "Where is it?" apple sauce ? The New York "Herald" oranges, fourteen apples, ten cents worth of "Down here at the corner." may spare Mr. Stanley this time. She has peanuts, two sticks of spruce gum, three "How much will a stand cost?" declared, on leaving, she would refuse to be "Lots of money; much as fifty or a hun- interviewed by American newspaper re large sticks of candy, a pint of roasted chestnuts, one cake of maple sugar, three cents dred dollars." porters. "New York Herald." ' worth of root, and half an ounce of You don't say so; why that's a fortune. "Oyez, Oyez! Advance to the bar Miss camomile liquorice blows. Do you think there's money to be made Phoebe Couzens. and receives an address of A colored member of the Texas Legis- -' there?" welcome from Judge McKean and the hearty seen with a roll of green "Yes I do. It's a first-rat- e place." congratulations of her brethren in the law. lature was recentlyover which he chuckled 'Well, I'll get a carpenter to make the All this in Salt Lake City, on motion of backs in his hand, so loudly as to attract the attention of a stand andTUta care of it and we'll be partners; you and I Snow, daughter of the Territory Attorney see will go into tne paper business." General, was also admitted on motion of ex- - aughing at, Jim?" .Jim replied, "You CoL Fisk then arranged with the boy United States Attorney Hempstead. What he money?" "Yes." "Well, boss, Ijust that for my vote ; Fse been bought four vviiiiw pan, vi pruuia jiu snomu receive, witn tne progress pi tne gentler, sex in got told him when the stand should be ready Wyoming politics and Utah law, that part or five times in my life; and dis 13 de fust and sent him on his way rejoicing. The plan of America promises to be tho woman's ime I ever got the cash myself." .wverysuccessfuLTnide was good, and kingdom'. Now let us see if the Tiewlaw - A wonderfutt cave has been discovered evey week the boy earned his share of the yeresses, bretherin' and sisterin' of the bar, n Center county, Pennsylvania, said to lx) money to nis partner, beeing the boy's do themselves proud." equal, if not superior, to the Mammoth oi. ribK quieuy put ine Ave Know mat lair 1'no? be will, fell e was Cave, of Kentucky. When once inside, the uuicrxuimiuon, . i.i!..i.ia.ii i .i money aside, and one day gave itall to the exceedingly fair to look upon, and had mosti magnincentj anai ueiigniiuiiy uuuuujui boyreleasing him from his contract to pay sweet, winning ways and a .musical voice. sights are preientcd to the gaze. The rooms Vhen IJut why, oh ! Phcebe, croest thou to Salt are numeroas and large, but have not yet any part of the money to himself. Col. Fisk died there was nowhere a sincerer Lake? Was it in search of a part of a man been fully explored. Directly under the mourner than this little newsboy, and the in that ioIygamous region, .when thou cave is another, supposed to be much larger little stand on the corner was heavily draped couldst have had that here? "Washinirton and richer in its queer and Indian-lik- e on tne day of the burial. Capital." specimens. Henry W. Longfellow to-morr- - DeWitt-Talmadg- down-hearte- d, -- -- cruiltyi-anda-coun- t. ter- A . " I z off-han- i ." -- ; , . . : 1 ' tip-top- ." ' -- ; -- : J . i . - A A 