100 W O MA N S E X P ONE NT. SPLINTERS. J r : Hogging has been alK)Iished in the public Thursday, the 28th ult, was by Presidential schools in Chicago. ... ..Nellie; Grant is at proclamation set apart as a day of thanksgiving home...... A man in Petaluma, California, for the United States. , While not designated has made a discovery of means by which as a day for recreation aiid enjoyment it was looked upon as a perpetual motion may be sustained, and so observed,-an- d generally values the discovery nt $20,000,000: of in the ordinary acceptance of the "holiday," has . 7C0urse:777.ThDlnprenie Cpu rt wonl, which is simply a corruptionof "holyday," J as admitted Mrs. C. I. Nash to practice an or a day set apart for pious observances. So - attorney aud counselor is such seasons were at first considered in Europe, to have a tidily newspaper edited by an 'A and were- - usually dedicated to some "patron American ..... .A plague is" carrying off the pleasuretrip7-ttr-Gr- c m poultry on the banks "oFlhe 'iiudsoifactttl" nominated an editor-t- o the' bishopric.... amT7rlKmie was to have endowed -accorded supposea piety The The. monument of General Lee, in Richevery three hundred inhabitants...... a known coal deposits of the Rocky Mountain mond, Virginia, will soon be completed...... them with a special power of blessing, and dedicated to, and a day set region extend over an area of upwareds of The royal physician, Sir William Gull, lately country or a place was 250,000 souheA'miIcs..r.;.TcDne&silias'.a received $1,000 for a single visit. The apart out of respect for each, that their patron ' Colored female preacher..:. iCosaTjonhieur IlOUse in Vlnrouno. i ' hoirmn net srnrllv. , age mierhtlje secured. These were called, . ... "holy. . .... of D.lllfe. ' called are now; and ..neing will visit the United States next year "uoiiaays," neglected....;.The rnrlfo,hpr nf t,,o into days." JBoston public Schools have abolished the William II. Seward was a "Colonel in. the at first a mixture of worship and amusement; to 'the Saint .whose day yeubfolorM Revplunar 10neida Community ajjolish Carriage alto-- prohibited Jn .the clidliitenth'erisdic was being celebrated, gether and the women of the Community Hon of ArchbisimF ManningStFLouis which formed a healthful relaxation from the" are said to look listlessndpiritless.,.At ,i.- iniu nf pvpi-oinr, to erect a statue to the gallant Gen- dav life: 'TiFsome "a farmers' have ralmthahiei l8nisCitliblicZ!wuntriest OatkaIllnsas,recent they: diamond at to of has robbery been five sentenced wiyesn?lub..V Milwaukee, multiplied bevond a U bounds e ? the of Good Hope amounted to the years -i kmdred their v.ces; k kzinMnUmperanceand vuo-in i3O,000jrrSrYeIverh)n--i?! while in these United States, wherewrelig.oli with reoorted. thft intention, it is jl of Afripa i is specially recognized, there is a scarcity of joining Dr. Livingstone.. ....The public debt T E S EXP 0 N E NT. I such seasons of relaxation. And whileTbanks, II W0 of Texas is estimated at $23,30000. giving Day is now accepted as a time for couple of young ladies at Monticello Avenue, JLOUISE JL, ii KEEXE, i:li tor. general enjoyment and: amusement, there is Jersey Citypdaid out" a drunken sailor in in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: little doubtthat our forefathers, in first deciding a ditch, the other day, for standing in their Published way on the crossing and demanding a kiss t th7ric76r upon such an occasion for a general union of :t. fin- ?'2: lines one tf r srace. of time. ner mnnth. Tim (lVftniioni' Anli nonpareil IhItt for mercies j Campbell Patterson, General Agents, East Temple street, the whole people in giving thanks 1"' v " i: HOLIDAYS. hiekery and other species of trees that are ouen iounu torn to pieces by tne suDtie I! u id...... A recent female collector who had been round gathering, up contributions for "Widow Smith," in San . Francisco, was discovered drunk in a saloon frequented by thieves, and taken to the "calaboose." ban Francisco, it is said, has one widow to Memories of Dean Alford are being published Tne great lion tamer, Ilerr Dries- bach, is a farmer now, in Iowa... . . .The Grand puke Ni ch olas, o f R tissfa, is on a II tit of-Ma- .1. ihe . 7 - V I i ' 11 7 " - - - " i 1 v I .... BLOt. S . ' .. -- -- 1IM' semi-monthl- I ii-o- o ,f .xt Conn., by the Board of Selectmen, but the registers refused to put her name in the voting list.. ....The "Young Woman's Chris tian Association,',' of Boston, I is soliciting contributions, to aid young women who have been thrown out of employment bv the great fire. .....Specie in the Bankf f a iuiicu inciiuuseu one million lrancs i n one week lately J. Bichie of Vallejo Cali- fornia, has this season' captured -- fifteen sharks.. ....Earthquake shocks in the Owens river and Haiovi Meadows have been quite frequent of kite.... ..Rich tin deposits are reported to have been discovered within twenty miles of San Francisco...... The resi- ix nr i tt y, Jfc ! Aaaress &u Dimness communications to Publishers Womas's Expoxest, Salt Lake City, Utah. - received, were solemnly sincere, and really did dedicate the day to returning thanks to the Almighty, in prayer and praise, for His protectSALT LAKE CITY, DECEMBER 1, 1872. ing care and vouchsafed blessings. - But in this regard, "the spirit of the age," as exemplified in the United States, is widely KOTICE. Wrong. It drives hard on the road to moneySubscribers will please remember that the hiking, looks only to present or future fortune, , . i.-me imjwwn, j.ii. Presenc numoer commences tne second half anu uisregarua iaicuucjcjAa- 'ear of tiie Exponent, and they who subscribed tion which days devoted to amusement and for six months will understand that their sub- - enjoyment afford. Various parts of different scriptions have expired. Ladies in this city, countries observe days as fairs, feastswakes and who have paid for having their papers carried, the like, the aim being to bring people together and do uot receive them, will please notify the for general enjoyment, with a suspension of editor and the matter will be rectified. Citv work and buisness, all of which is conducive to deneesof the GordonuBennettiit "tmlig7CrjlLeiogboliaye not paid the carrier, can the general welfare; for the mind needs change Washington Heights and Fifth Avenue, New obtain their papers at Campbell , & Patter- - and the body rest, other and more than are obtained by a simple and proper observance of the iorK, are to. let for five years...... The St. son's. Louis "Eveninir Dispatch" has been pur Sabbath. ' ' WHAT WE MEAN. chased by Robert Barclay for $120,000 For these reasons Sunday SchodLfestivalSj The Secretary of War compliments Congress social parties, pic nic parties, theatrical perfor completeness in last year'j legislation..... i Queries ate still frequently made concerning formances, and similar assemblages for enjoy- Susquehanna rivers...... The laws of Kansas ke object of the Exponent; whether it is de-'i give mothers the management of their Uignetl to merely vindicate the cause of woman. L,. ryLA " v a u&uu, children or whether its Judge Mayer refused to record her aspirations and prerogatives; we Deneve a wise anu proper luese reasons, . M?r .. . In Orpcmn nn Wtfnn the vons nf ale (.,. . of "holidays," or days prmly n cl.iv......Cin,iabar is S!,id to nUmn iity of sentiments and principles: Wm vanity .of Uarrirg, Um Co.,OleS ......A German woman refused, to acknow- - phetsofGoil "inthP nn, fnTALl L Ye u conducive of good to all. Hence we urge upon ; 1 . 1 4. late-Jam- es . . ' n '' : . 7 U Lf J?u,,. iM .'ia.!,;! " their ride oh the cars... ...California hasa miifvf W1CS- the concise judiapuAampmulora Notwithstanding thft rPnuLsitfi chnnf. vn'riotv and roPntinn hotol pomnnl nf inn Immpna linllnw fronc on f1 these ."Pfanalion subjects, in npRfiarv thov are OalavPTTIIir tro. :i The fln, ll hfj?ht.n thft iovmpnt nf llfp and Ln ?eaSPtU h nf Mrnfnr TT T 7 put at o,i04,30U. .....un the splendid marble of r the we willingly comply monument and tomb of Ferdinand and n"mbf DEMORALIZING INFLUENCES. lhe to endeavor once to more g To(luesi W1. Isabella, in the"Cutliedral at Grenada, the .and.fiueen are represented as lying p.lain our intentions definitely and comprehen-sld- e Atrocities of late occurrence, in this cit$7 serve to render the aspect for the return of the A; new religious sect has siely. by side does llle not claim to support "happy days gone by," when purity and inno been started in Iowa, the members of which Exponent call themselves Americans.......An Italian anyone particular cause, practice or opinion. cence were, In no danger of being contaminated, journal announces the death, at Placenza, But being an advocate of everything which is or virtue j outraged, in no wise" auspicious. her native city, of Benedotta Bisaroni, aged calculated to interest, instruct, or in any way There has been a time, since the settlement of ...7P, a celebrated soprano benefit woman, its columns are onen for Hip Utah by the 'Mormons,' In which, the modesty of former days... ...Old woodsmen Cent ion of all .nmmnnipif fnn v La singer DUllAUiO and chastity of woman were here regardrd as r.vA montinil ni "n purinnaJ ffipf lliat 1unYiu.uuu i.. , irom ine r,rA pen oi any of the ladies of her chief adornments; and held more sacred by iiuiurt', .7 sycamore trees are neverstruck by lightning, Utah, whose' views and practices it is chiefly her honorable. 'and respectful protectors than though found in close proximity to oak, designed to represent ; every other treasure, even life itself. But base, Of Hie oniirP .tnndfnmw - rt" W, ' ex-kin- andr-contra- lto t--p I I : ' m - " . , - ! 