WO M A NS E X PONE N T. FACTS AND FIGURES. MISCELLANEOUS. HOW IT IS BONE. complishment and wisdom' possessed by very few. Extkxsivk beds of peat of the best have been discovered near Los Angeles, on the line of the San Pedro railroad. A Cokcticut man rolls in wealth ac- cumulated in the business of manufacturing "genuine relics from the Holy Land." You uuiy fail to shine iirthe opinion of others, both in your conversation and ac tions, from being superior as well as inferior to them. Tiik London society for the prevention of trial.-::,-;-..- : A seventeen-year-ol- d rooster died lately at Mobile, Ala. Tiik dog census of the United States is down, at 21,000,000,000. Tiik value of the fruit product of Califor nia is estimated at $3,000,000. Ti i k Isiibel , a specie-s- of rstoncr-rolorr- is now the fashionable lint in London. A 3,000,000 hotel is to be erected in London and run on the American plan. .KxCfLAXi) has 1,000,000 paupers, not one ' vice, has caused the suspension of the "Day's. in twenty of whom ever attended school. A Doings.'! A like society here could lind glass of water at bed time and ust another pnie:work:tttdo." aft cr fisi ng, will often relieve to all dyspepsia. ,:;iGrRATit.ri)K is the great incentive cana Ti:xax cattle happiness. AVithout it, the wealthiest dealer is considered a ' . AViilli .. ..... ' w i I . ticular." ' ' ' ' :" '::- "I tell you I haven't got one about me." "I niust have it ! you promised mo one." I'l did no such thing ! I won' t give yxiu more pennies you spend too many. It's all wronsr. I won't give it to you; so go away!"-- :- '.. h-.-- ', vTt:::: . Child begins to whimper.. "I think you might give me one it's real mean!" "No! Go away I won't do iti; So there's aii Child cries, teases, coaxes. Father gets out ()f patience, puts his hand iir his pocket, emlf . if f1if1 , '' not i. : numoer a takcsoutti penny andhTowsititHheThildr i'nrmnrr.- rv.t t.nifvvumn'f ? cannot be miserable. "There! take it, arid don't come back head? poorest thousand , f " What we truly and: earnestly aspire to At thk old Mission of San Diego are 300 again v looks Child mere smiles, ber that in some sense wo are. The shy, and goes out con olive trees that are from eighty to one nun- ' queror, determined to continue the struggle i,sPauoii, y eiianging ine inline, oi mum, ireu years old. in the afternoon, with the certainty of like the moment realizes itself. the scsgion of., ogojUggjs- .VngelouiitytrelL J bos plajin- g- r tretMo m lature twoars agd, 0110 of mothc 1ens thc (1(K)r an(l from the text "Thou shalt not steal." Sev- t win Tuc Indiguilty, them, her own son. , itors considering it i ncrsoivd ulftot o a nioincr ot jo. . Joe pays no attention. lAsTiDioivsxixs az a general thing, iz a rdo of (he results of the civilization of ()xi, Jo, ho lyt arvirtcw Buddhist priests come in right away, I'll give you a whiM and without employment. ping! " afrade they shall cum akrost j?umthing hily penniless Joe smiles and continues his. play His llKCKXT careful and scientific observa improix'r, are generally looking for i- t- tions are said to show beyond a doubt that J eompanion is alarmed for him, arid advises "Billings." himtoobexv tneoloratlo-tlese- rt Lovk is said "to Ik? blind, but-- itls better sea. "You'll catch it if you don't go, Joe." to believe that it voluntarily overlooks the "Oh ! no I won't. She always says so but T of of ?S.n5". of h.bro than lE.:yln;!:!ft ami. its object, with afraid!" failings '"ric jienini, - was ,$2ii,uvu toward ram- - never does. I ain't r. irvi: common ;;:is Mother goes into the house greatly put Catholic cathedral in New York obscure i.JlIoting,lIie out, and thinks herself a martyr to had ,CJ IV. would never mid out. one hundred niid sovpii Six That's the way, parents. Show your chil- ' JLLIAM LAWSON BARKY, of AasllVllIe. ur. . dren by example that you arc weak, unde- , Tennessee is the oldest Drinter in the Uni- - i T- i lif --mi " r. ! full TZ. library gentleman biy writin- gchild enters : "Father, give me a penny." "Haven't got anydon't bother me." I want it ' something par"But? father, ' 'r""' Scene-i- n Stoki;s is 'said .'.to have spent $7,500 bn his v: - - :-- r .1..-.- ... ' V" t . to-da- y. - . - " i fccenc-iiKtlM- ili,, db v., youlheainef jti v . . ..,.i; ,.;L rii.:..T t V tu,wr.i-rr.imi.-...- T to despise your authority and regard ,..K enough Ca the of 5 ref Testation trade in 1707, and- set up Washington's your word as nothing. They graduate liars laiul .b?on foWl;' ',el! and mockers, and the reaping of your sow- obituarfin 171)0. Barry was born in Vir- sixty per cent, of paper pulp, equal ng will not fail. Ex. ginia, but has spent most all his life in.Ten-nesse- e fifty to ootaineci tiiat irom cotton. and Kentucky,- - and has had a Thk largest emigration to touthern Min- - It is not enough for a man to furnish his considerable acnuaintance with all of thc eminent men of those States. He is still nesota :. ever .known is now settling in the family with comfortable food, clothing and frontier counties. It far exceeds the im- - shelter. Thev have a claim on him above vigorous, a nd - M'orks at his trade occasion- mense immigration of 1800. those of Dhvsical ncces.sities. It is not noble ally. Dii. It. J. Dodd, of the United States in him to say, "I work hard to give you a KiXDKHiiooK, Illinois, K)sseses the to stay there. Seek champion preacher. A few Sundays since navy; has given $1,000 to the Woman's liome, and I want you he had preached an eloquent sermon, and Medical college of Pennsylvania, for the your pleasures at home. I will Hot have at the conclusion exhorted his hearers to establishment of the Hannah Matilda Dodd my family straggling here and there in the world. Stay at home. I can see enough of embrace the opportunity presented. None Scholarship, in memory of his wife. can: forward, and after waiting some time, Ciinouv niisinirnnmiisos inhntn nnitn the Avorld for all of us." This kind in-ofthe minister,, raising his voicato the hirh an item in the vallevs of the San Joiiquin tyhinny makes a prison of home, which s lu "u ULi wtu est pitch, exclaimed : "Well, sit there, and and Calaveras rivers, Cal. The yield is said UU1U lll1,iauuauuu and AvouIdJhoo or It be-easy Jutppiness. Uri beklamnedOtt-thgame Sunday he called to fi ft een to twenty tons eracre,- and to the janitor: "Open tliat window; I the price So per tori. Chieory is used in spectable. for such a .man to take lus family out for a little variety and recreation, now . in adultp.tin don't like to imach in ouantities Tmrrpi fhe enormous - y infr,o " a.a. yvith II ' " " then. - Young people" droop without "a bung arove m." Tiik Mikado of Japan can trace his pedi- - and sense of freedom within the bounds of proVsJMmi-Luc- ca is exiected to visit us gree kick fort wo thousand years. Queen and filial obedience. There are beauduring the coming year, the following esti- - Victoria's genealogy is traced kick to the priety and opportunities for improv mate of her powers and style, from an Eng- - foundation of the Saxon Heptarchy, A. D. tiful influences in the world, which are lost lish journal, is of interest: Oladame Lucca's 7, (nly a little more than one thousand ing the mind those who rare forbidden ever to; seek; action is warmer and more tragic than that years, and the kings of Franco arc reckoned by ..; them. of Nilsson. Her vocalization'-has more color, back alxMit four hundred years earlier.--and enthusiasm: is less a cold, con- Ax passion 'is. easy to say what1, ought not to be It . . insane 'man. who left his ionic in i I c l I i i' : : .ai n iMHiv .wm Miwmt i ... t...i isr umn nrn i. IIIr oi oi ifntfr.ni Mruciive i,,w maui inner vwir iu IM "I III' IV 1,11 ui, III lliril tlL Mill - ...i IIII1IU1. ll(t.3 tllll l Vtl. f t vividness and vitality; more sensuous and traveling alout under the impression that heart is full of long ient-iip- , bitter memo-livinless like a splendid statue of ice, he was wnielKnly else, but retaining at thc ries of abuse, neglect or tyranny, the seal brilliant, scintillating, reflecting every same time "a peculiar interest in his real self, will sometimes drop from the lips when a passion of lyrical ilmma, but possessed of He would write home to his wife occasion- - sympathetic ..JieartIs near to oiler a 'kind 1 none. As a conseiuence. her style is morelallv. .inoiiirin' iiffnr htr ImsK-iTidhoi smiainetic ana exacts an equal sympathy pecidlly anxious Ao learn , whether he had . a wwi. irom tlie audience." a watch i i iti.i niri ii in iiiji third year. - He commenced learning his - " ' llK tuh'8 ?",morw'Valnl - - ; - . - i X . re-o- ut - e : 1 . I X s-- . . . V 1 1 1 EJ F 1 I I 111- - g- : & iiiii(..iii -- 