.... - .l- . Vol. I. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST. 1, 1872. NEWS AND VIEW& Goxr. to rcst--T- he "New York Standard." To leakn the value of money try to lorrow some. Grants wanted for everything, even for ; . the national head. It is considered too revolting for soldiers to shoot a woman, in Paris, and Cantinicer u gard, convicted of firing on Bishop Jural, - Edith O'Gorman, lecturing: oBh& Sisters of - Charity and - Mercy, pronounces -- them little better thanpmstitutesrShe must he crazed and is to be pitied. V after Politicai, interests" evey where, and party feeling manifested, even at the Peace Jubilee where the French and German bands were coldly civil to each-- . y- -; ; other. "Like begets like." Seventeen years ago, a Judge, in Georgia, sentenced John Dolton to be hung; arid a few days ago the , same Judge performed the same office for ' ; , . John Dolton's son. Some enlightened women hold that ijie lather designed for man to eat of the for--" bidden fruit; but seeing the consequences, he had not fortitude to meet the requisition, sohis wife had to do it for him. Juarez is reported to have been a man . of much -- firmness, ail able General and politician, a faithful and energetic President; who won the hearts of all, both friends and foes. Will his successor prove as true and as beneficial to his country? A delegate in the . Wisconsin Democratic convention, after struggling vainly in opposition to the nomination of Greeley, says, "When we come to die, next November, we shall wish we had not forsaken the path of virtue." Honest fellow! : .Mrs. Livermore sensibly remarks that she is in favor of the Bepublican party, whether it gives the women Suffrage or not, even if it does not recognize them at ill; because it advocates all other good things, and our cause will come in due time. Mrs. Kellison, an Iowa preacher, recently delivered- - a lecture, having for her text, "Love divided into four parts; L for Love,1 O for Obedience, V for Victory and W for -Eternity." The text is decidedly novel, and, " doubtiess,the discourse was elaborate and . i are-loo- ked -- : ' ' . i i v i i entertaining: A roRTiox of the jewels belonging to the Empress Eugenie were sold at auction, a short time ago, in the rooms of Messrs. ; Christie, Mason & Co. ? , The amount realized Ayasjjpwards of$230,000 for her but wouldn't half 'the vsum make some poor people rich! t is reported that since the fiasco at Baltimore, Mrs. E. Cady Stanton, Mrs. Laura De Force Gordon, Miss Anthony,' and nearly all th e conspicious Women Suffragists have concluded to support Grant and Wilson. Changes Will occur, but they are not x thing It -- . always improvements. In Iowa there is no provisions of the law which excludes women from holding any office-t-o which- they may- - be elected. In several Counties women are holding elective offices. When the right of suffrage -- is granted to the women there, what a happy State Iowa wdl be! Mis& J BV Kipley has the honor of being the first woman who has surpassed the men in the contest of Greek scholarship; for which she takes the first prize ak the State University of Missouri. This 'will be en couiaging to the advocates of a liberal educa tion for women. Gratitupe, one of the happiest and most I No. 5. strange that England, with such a head as AAVI t7 S.r VnA 4-- V and fully to It is now reported that Chinese archives, having been researched, : show that the architects who designed and the engineers who built the great wall were women. No doubt but the statement is correct ; but even if it were not, women must have the- - credit bf beingr mothers toJhe great architects and is quite as good. For true attributes with which man. has been engineers which rxnla thkMjTifrpIKe, for in the character the d endowed, is glorious t Heeds "Zffiiced;ii:by thiir Of the liberal Democratic candidate forvice noble sons than .for any notable work PresidejirIBratzxBro ttliei roWlianas. Aidheyd6n6t" New Haven, in which he acknowledges of desire that women should be credited with that he owes the honors and compliments it is heTlreceives as much if not more to his every Worthynoaction that is performed; ever hero, however great, enough that "Alma mater''4han4o himself- -existeoTithoufa mother. to and little Private instructions, folks, "The City of broken" hearts," is the home influences have long been allowed to which Mrs. Duni-wa- y be best rendered by woman, and now her original, romantic name gives to the "Mormon burying ground," capabilities assume Ta broader and higher of which she says: "The largest class of sphere of action. : Mrs. Ellen Webster, the occupants are 'first wives', who died in their first "woman elected to a county oflice heroic efforts to become reconciled to the in Kansas, has just taken the oath and wonderful beauty of the practical workings been qualified as Superintendent of public of the Mormon faith." How could she instruction in Harvey County, have found that out? Even had she taken 1871 an American In March, , woman, the time to walk through the grave yard y in Gould, opened, Bome, at her and inspect the tombstones and head boards, of own expense and with the (which she doesn't say she did,) the "wicked some of her generous a Mormons," are not in the habit of inserting free school for poor boys and girls. In which upon these simple monuments the cause of are taught both Italian and English geogra death; no more than they tell what Brigham phy,arithmetic,history and the first elements Young does with all the property he takes of the physical sciences. Here is wisdom from "apostate women, and their daughters.' ' and a proper usage of time, means and in- - The "Memphis Appeal" of July 2, con..:xfiuence. tains a striking letter written in March, A lady in this City, over sixty years of from Jackson, Miss., by Bennett Jones to" age, finds in the "Portage Co., (O.V. Demo- Dr. Dameron; in which the former coolly crat" "A Poetic Address" delivered at Man- and plainly asks the latter to send his (the tua on the Fourth of July, 1815, ataeelebra-tio- n Doctor's) wife vto him. He tells Dameron, in which she participated, when eleven among other things, that he and Maggie years old ; and so well does her memory (the Doctor's wife) love each other devotedserve her that she repeats line afterjine of and that in the sight of God she belongs the poem without glancing at the paper. ly, to him. Th is letter was a portion of the aT Fifty-seve- n for a is time years quite simple testimony evinced in favor of Dameron, little poem to sleep in an active brain, and who was acquitted in his trial at the Crim-- . then wake up when called upon, as fresh inal Court for shooting Jones, who, it also and bright as it was when laid away. appears had a wife living. A couple of the One of the most cruel and heartless divorce cases might have pre punishments that can be inflicted upon a murder, but Dameron failed to see the child is to place it in a position where fear beauty of such proceedings and took the of danger is sustained, whether real or imag- next best and most popular way of getting inary. Don't do it you who have the care out of domestic difficulties. of? youth, aiark the awful consequences The "Pioneer" pronounces the incident which followed such a transaction, not long relative to Mrs. Emily Pitts Stevens and old boy was her pistol, of very little importance, and since, in Detroit. A four-yeleft by his parents alone in the house, states that at the meeting at Piatt's Hall, though he screamed loudly and begged to where the occurrence from which the exbe taken with them, saying he was afraid of citement was raised took place. bears and evolves. When they returned, it blyman Meeker, without just cause, openly was to find their boy insane, and it is feared reprimanded those who were , earnest in he will be a consummate idiot all his life. their applause of sentiments expressed, coThe orthodox people of England, who inciding with their own views; even calling hoped the illness of the Prince of- Wales out Mrs. Stevens name. For which insult, would cause a radical reform in his- course at the close of the meeting the lady deto manded - an anolosrv. Meeker refused of life, are getting ilisheartenedagain.-The- y LWMrs. began to be encouraged from his saying In comply, whereupon, some one handed a speech, that he hoped, by the aid of God Stevens -- a- small - derringer, which she to be of use to his country. But the same thoughtlessly put into her pocket. She is evening he went to see, Toole An. a dark decidedly opposed , to the use of fire-arplay, and laughed inconsiderately, and has and had no thought of using the derringer. since been to Ascot . and other races, and This is a better and more consistent story shows every sign of going back into the than the one told by California papers, soon graceless fellow he used to be. It is a little after theincident occurred. . . wejtire finely-evince- ; Mrs.-Emil- co-operat- ion lady-compatrio- ts, ar ex-Asse- m- 1 -- - . - - - ms 