WOMAN'S EX P 0 KENT, 110 MissLillian Edgerton takes the man side of the woman question for $100 to $1501 A:odie lu Ballou treats of the 'Common Conflict" which means "floral and Religious Revolution Inevitable," for $50 to $100. Rev. Mrs. Celia Burleigh asks $75 to $100 a piece for lectures about "Homes and Houses" and "Women and Children." Susan B. Anthony treats of "Women Butter" already Voters'iland the "Bread-an- d qustion for $50 to $100. : : on "New York; Its fashions and Foibles," was recently given before a large and enthusiasticaudience :' at Tremont Temple, Boston. Tes ' - Ann having survived the milking of fifteen generations of co Ws, has d i ed a t the age of (me ;yciii'T:zrz:" 'Ijuiulredlahdlhirfy-on- e Jp will be interesting to the ladies to know that the Eugene now dresses almost entirely in red and black, aiul that her beautiful hair is beginning to show threads of saver. The death is announced of Donna Juana Meria de los Delores de Leon, widow of Sir Harry George Wakelyn Smith, K. C. B., -a -- 1 h erii rs tr baronefewho- fter id is t fngU ished military service was appointed Governor of the Cape of Good Hope in 1847. Princess Louise has received her first welcome to Balmoral as the Marchioness of Lorn, having been escorted with the Marquis from the lodge to the eastle by a torchlight procession of servants and ten ,antry of the estate. Mi lle. Pardon, a dressmaker, who recently tried to drown herself in the Siene, exclamed: "We have no liberties!" When she was pulled out, instead of thaking her servers, she cried out: don't even allow us to drown ourselves." A iiADY, who says that - her opinion is based on close observance, says that men, as a rule, regard their wives, as angels for two months namely, a montti before just marrying her and-- a month after, burying ex-empre- FACTS AND FIGURES. WHAT MAKES A LADY, THE SEX. ss " pre-"Th- ey ... her. A SiTL'ATiox-seekin- g young lady noticed an advertisement for one to do light housekeeping. She wrote- - immediately to the " .. Fit anic, Leslie is building an elegant villa residence at Saratoga, A dock G00 feet long is to be constructed, fronting the house and 'skirting the lake shoref Judge Ingraham, of New York, decides that a person's watch comes under the head of necessary articles arid eonnot be taken by z.r4' by creditors. Professor Baird,jbf the Smithsonian Institute, has returned and commenced work on his report to Congress in relation to the food fisheries on the Atlantic coast. ir of Advice from Paris say that which they delight to array themselves. the priests in Paris are ready to" follow ' In the estimation of some it is only neces- Hyacinth's example as soon as they can sary to dwell in a large and elegant house, fi nd the essential American widows w itli The .various interpretations which have beeii given to the word "lady," provoke a little thought on the subject. The uneducated ascribe the term to those who are not compelled to labor for support, and who know of no better way to spend the hours than in idle luxury or self gratification; when, in truth, they may be the very ones who, above all others, fail to exhibit the least indications of a true lady. They scoff at honest toilers, and turn disdainfully away from those on whom they are dependent for . I NheootHhes-ti-ftnd-the-fineloth- oreiibleo es two-thir- rM carriage, in order to be a hidy. "Oh ! she is lady now," is often sarcasti- d acquaintance eally given as a Thus often are allowed to pass unnoticed. are old friendships broken, because, on one persons having been raised . from obseu rity and poverty, to a - con d l tion of greater material comfort, which naturally reason-why-ol- gives them an air of dignity,, are misjudged by the friends of other days, as proud, when every reflecting woman; must admit-ththo fault is frequently on the other side. How often is therein ihLj way an impassable gulf between those who were once on terms of pleasant intimacy! Conscious of inferiority in many respects, the less fortunate shrink from the customary salutation, and the other, surprised by the unusual coldness, without linking what the eause may be, fails to make the necessary advances. - In consequence, bitter feelings of envy and jealousy are engendered, and they who are already destitute of sufficient selfrespect, sink still lower in the esteem of the others, even while they assume an air of independence and contemptuous forgetfulness of their ormer acquaintances. It is to be regretted that the general ten at d dency is to become vain of possessions, and that many forget early poverty. But there are more exceptions to the rule than we sometimes think. Worldy newly-acquire- prosperity, indeed, is not necessarily incompatible with true nobility of character j on the contrary, is often most helpful in the exercise ot generous purposes. The true lady realizes this, and governs herself sh if there was any way of getting to aecordinglyIs rear worth in every woman who manifests the shore on Sundays. it, and endeavors to maintain a kindly attiwas, and I). Clair R. D. Everse Soettierne. of w Boston, spoke in Washingford, Vt. recently on "Love and Marriage." The lecture was set ten minutes earlier than the usual hour in order to give. the gentleman who intro duced the lecturer plenty of time to call off her name. , Matilda Phillips, sister of Adelaide Phil ii. v.!- i i i:., , ii uie Miiger, np, pmcKiiy rescued a young American, who was drowning at Genoe, a few weeks ago, reaching him just as he was sinking for the third time, and helping him to land, while several gentlemen stood by and made no attempt to aid her although, as she naively added, in telling the adventure, "they were all kind enough after he was landed." tude towards all. Does she happen to be poor? She will not envy her neighbor who is blessed with more comfortable surroundings, but will "rejoice for. her sake," and strive to meet her with generous sympathy. She is well aware that silks and laces do not make the lady, be they never so costly, and knows that she is not herself exemptfrom fulfilling, the requirements in a lady. '., A wife will be a better wife, a mother more a mother, if intellectually her husband's equal. Ladies niay be found among women who have had but few educational advant- ages.- . " We affirm thatlihe who cultivates virtue, and dares to exercise all her mental powers, from the very symmetry of her being, is a A hTitoxrc minded woman in Detroit "lady," or better still, a "noble woman. " made the following gentle reply to a politi " Woman's Journal." cian who had called at her house to get her husband to go to the polls to vote: "No, Among the ancients, when persons were sir.' he can't go. He's V in wtsh saw fl ' ' newly married, they put a yoke upon their he's got to iron and if he wasn't necks, or chains upon their arms, to show doing anything he couldn't go. I run this that they were to be one,, closely united, 'ere house, I do, and if any one vgtes, Jt'lj bp and pulling equally together in all the this same Mary Jane," of life. , . 14 -- V4 to-morro- w, con-pef- ns $75,000 a piece. ds 1.;. .;i;v.,.,'l , Recent submarine in vestigations; carried on under the direction of the British Associ ation of Science, have demonstrated the fact that the sea is affected by the heat of the sun only to the depth of one hundred and twentyet..:. Extraordinary - The "Ex- Eye-sigh- t. aminer" favor the building of a telescope, of extraordinary power to bring Mars within 4,000 miles, and as the works of man , such as roads and cities, might be seen if Mars is inhabited. A vignette of the late Thaddeus Stevens, the "Great Commoner" of Pennsylvania has just been completed at the Bureau of Engrav ing and Printing in. the Treasuary Department, and will be used upon either the national currency or revenue stamps. The likeness is perfect, and the work is pro- . nounced as one of .the finest pieces of en- graving ever executed. Some time ago, M. Che vreul, having accidentally taken up a forgotten dish in which there was a hardened saline substance, found to his surprise that the surface was interrupted by what appeared to be a soft vegetation. The little moisture contained in the salt in a vicious state at the bottom had filtered through, partly melting the adjacent parts, which had led to their forming protruding crystals; these by capillary attraction, had drawn up more moisture, followed by a similar effect, so that in course of time a sort of shrub, composed of crystals, had grown up. At a late sitting of the French Academy, the learned geutleinan returned-t- o the subject, and produced a: watch glass on which a new arborescent matter Jias been formed of a vitreous appearance, and of the thickness" of only oner or two miiimetres, while the "shrub' ' wh ich had grown out of it was nearly two centimetres in altitude,J and of an average thickness of one centimetre, but instead of being transparent it was opaque. there was on the , surface nine small "pimples," which were likewise without transparency. In another watch glass there was a similar substance which' had assumed-th- e appearance of satin by the formation of minute crystals on the surface. Reasoniag on this matter, Mr. Chevreui admitted that the vitreous substances contained moisture in the first two specimens, but added that the third which, presented a superficial must have had much less. At all events, this was a new proof of the molecular motion which could take place even in solid; matter. And to the same .cause must be attributed the change of color which is observed in stained glass wheii it is exiosed for . many years to the , action of r the sun Might not this explain the mellowness of tint wo octmire in old stained gl;u:s: and which our own artists are unable to imitate? . "Galignani's Messenger." -- , All-roun- d i crys-talizatio- n, "I 