0 -- !; -- : .L. , ; W o Mc a ST the female relief society. s i : x r o k i: x t . visitincO him. nresentimr the Jtpetition and WHY? to his of protestations listening friendship i .!t.i l. r - cm- i A BRIEt SKETCH OF ITS ORGANIZATION AND WORK- - iuiu1 1. AVliv nrn nil ifhort.JlJtf rnnrrmimlivP' rrn. anu lovo ivr ivirai niiiii ius justice, I ings in the city of nauvoo, HANCOCK CO.. ill. issaries were engaged in secret plotting in plo using such strong language in relation hiV behalf, against th to woman suffrage? Bo "strong minded '"L NOW. BY ELIZA Pres. Smith, and aid i ng the unprincipled women'. think to coerce strong niinded men. bloodhounds of Missouri. But whatever into believing as they do by waging a war (Concluded.) the result, the F. It. Society had made a no-- of bitter words ? And do men think to put 1ict fiVMnft? rvrnciefnrf nf bloCffort. and it Wa COinOPnsatpd I)V know a stop to this Whnn nrwinirnrl of enthusiasm by scoffing that the nineteen members, exclusive of its officers, fog great, good man, Joseph Smith, at and ridiculing iPA Who ever Iward of Lui infpH'icront.- -m5nivioldin'm to" n wnmnn Tins number augmented from time to time, lappreciaieu jc. - - whn v i " n until me cuy oi rauvoo was aiviqca into lour undertook to drive him. or of a woman who r M. ' C 1 J I J bu-rs-t - i v . , ww -- a i I - i - - " .. 'f , . i -- ; 1113 USUai IHtlL'O 1JI ""'"C uum nvia iu theSummer foiholdinirrSabbath jneetincr. opportunities to all. - mijuuiu iu uic UIUL"t j which was provided.with a suitable stand ahd a supply of .scats for..large assemblies. Jhbocietysoon became so popular that even those of doubtful character in several --instances applied -- for admission, and to pre-1- - .!?ltJffS.PJ to such ones Pres. Joseph Smith donated a city lot to the .Society for the purpose of making homes tor the homeless, and also to furnish work to those who were able ttf work-anwere out of employment, which - he" proposed decainto the TreasujreSr inadvertently, stricter rules were adopted than seemed requisite at first, one wishing tp join theSociety was required to present a certificate of. het good moral charactcirsigned by two or more re- sponsible persons. ipjwject, tlunany --The meetingsrwero opened and closed by designed for the amelmmt i each meeting reports In .v"""wuci v v..,.w. - observed throughout to visit from house to house and inquire into the circumstances of the sick and ffesfitnfo donations were received and those subjects discussed which appertain to woman's duties, influence, responsibilities, etc., etc. whatever has a tendency to benefit and elevate society at home and abroad. frequently President Joseph Smith, N. K. Whitney and brethren nf fho Twclvc.mel wilh the .sisters, and the inspiration of the Spirit of God, impartfd rich eounsel and intelligence ; instructing, not only inlutie-- concerning 'tl,e poor, but also in all the relation of life, as wives, mo- . iw,. uiui;jiic-i?-, smuts, ana.i as saints nf 3ii the Most High, our duties to one another re-giveniyrthoseiwhose duty-itTw- as -- d sors in office, for the use of the Society. - He also donated tho:frame orOousciindjiiado moved lonthc arrangements for it Jo aibresaul Jot, Jbri commencement of the es- tablishment. But this benevolent and judi- - .rr a woman nf od rotisp. f horn ik nn noositv for the ruling authority to be manifested in their home : good order can be preserved without it. If they differ inopinion at times the ono of who'-isessetf-of-i- gets thelbest of Jtiiumost cases, and as this1 happy portioirnearly alwavs lhlk.to man, let us hope that -- she Israt least ener- " ally,5 ihtheright &ti& iscertainl vl)f a more refined and'delicate nature less im- t!ie'-.Mo-- : the condt- - and. sympathetic : conscqentlr less liable to" y um.u6 huuwjuh, as uiasicu in rusii into temntation i his it i hor Ho-v ..c uiuuK jiawuoi religious to be, the great Creator having so intended it, and it is no discredit to either se that it Vr 1fnrea isolation, is so. Had God created man the superior o;iVf inhabitants exiled to Mexico. in all respects, it would have verv un- to Praise mak!hC Yrmth just giye him, for a companion and aU in dpeS mate, SferSr!?1! inferior; an ohject as. woman, muit T ?,Ie CVeV put their have been. Had He made woman thesupe-:- " n Sffh Him. In having been driven from rior in most respects, the arrangenu nt would have income a Territor- y- have been equally unjust. .But lie aieu' should: been a State and lion fwV nL ,M. Sfcf -- ln u.rfllr. -- Je r..l Ttlerat wa3 am,!?,t,1!,t "o.uoncc. from Bejir Lake in the North to Santa Clara W the South, and yet, as een ?S "bju e" doel hSI. sustaminn' f 1 l;on4,h, r live, it has . out little more than emerged ' emnrvn , irom its u mem, ana tne debt s ift nwos Tiim fn stafn n .Amnor; l us l"'"i'uu,u" Ur 1 ' great future. . nu wnen a man ' co v.VrtllljllfS io Hie women of as a speaks class, calling them F. Jf. SOCIETY ItKPOIlTS. .,. world, etc. , . ;y. j " tiiat can be it fools," he reflects upon those The first winter after the Society Was orlaws nature of which often bequeath to chiMrs. Amelia Mi Frodsham writes from ganized, Mas exceedingly cold and severe. Iwysniore of the mot h- cpnuence of exposure and hard Ocrden. undpr ilato f nn i uni 4i. i ldrenespecially 4any,mmtheir ft mtellcctual characteristituiliaiLflieJii i :5 ip v . v f I meetmcr- of the ' Snoiofv fhmv . expulsion from thn stnfo f hnr'e UWU oauiu . , ISSOUTI. , f...v U'U8" nnrl . , nnrl hn iinhotiUhinnu r 4U -- 11 fpfiintrQ . ' " .vv. . . . as ert? iiiannesieci " lucui fi'un ..r . I . . . ....v...,u1Wi,, . . l. i i itk,. . I , III IMIIIVIHI i IVlfin Mulnu.l I... ! . llll II' ti ,At" oy sick mv'iuuov ciivu. i leeunirs are held tf u 'v ..e.,luy every tnree weeks, in rh?lfP "I Mini,1 ,iir;ifTirinr thn nr .ui.?iuuiiuii, ami jiati u not oeen Tor ru"njr ...1 oiuung ..i i .w. the tinu'ly lJIV, aid of the F. It. Society woul V J TT.ti 2 4i V4r jiyaue, at p. m., and the members will be SllOUlu uiiy lor have sufTeml very much, and propably some pleased to see any one from this Hiv intnr. l cause be af-community n ? If men seek the wi'iim navu iKTlsiieu. ll?e manr esjed in the Society, who visit in- - t- About the last of July, 1842, when some Oden. The next wWch .without doubt j 7 them-w- r,.shf meeting kSr bl of thedflkials of Missouri were belongs thel!7th do hy inst. they not go to taking measures to ding President r Joseoh Smith - ' ... . 111!-- ..! yiU the SecretaHes of other Societies, in tSf'', s liii. I M-l- ll 'uivu l. .'.T'v i A.-- shKrf . I , uu the Female Rplipf Snriptw mnm mftiL..:..,i x in.. uvol fended one iof'Hftlpr nn"'' developed than ta branches to every wart ami the other ..I-- l. -- mJ - -- m fA 1 . - "ie-aim- o ln 1 . journal, written after my return : voAemor received us with as much cordiality and politeness as His Excellency's f,tho;quickest pass;iges across the Atlantic master of, assuring us of his protection hv ,1 ew 1JnSland w(x)llen on reconl. She sailod fmm n Naying thnt the laws and Constitution of our stopped work on account of the the isth ultimo, at 2 p. m., and arrived at country shaltl his polar .tar incase of 'tho small demand bandy Hook on the 27th at .1 a. m., any making imiculty. He iiLinifested mucli friendship, the run a ihe and it remains for time and circumstance o reniarkabhortzlMrior7,f eight days and thirteen hours. Invention f Bum prove the sincerity of his professions. io sail lTy and scienco'nrn for Ilussia to : o " tmrri .suiseiuently ascertained that at the will. Ar t viigageineni i0 int of time, that a trip from Salt Lake to r. uiiic mat tne ladies of Nauvoo wero si.n tvsii , rwyer. Mjondon. ni:ulo in c, , v". i ... s . " " ' .vvmiuuuea ny her mother. im,i.i. ut ; mnkZ ro;of"'wil init 1 : i. ' ". rw 'r Z, luuixtuiiuy witnin ten years. w' 4 