: TI WOMAN'S VOICE. Ta peiU'emrreio,'.- - r But why renew th is ubiect. or rencat these things? Many arc tired of hearing Somehow, it seems to me J hat if alii those them, because we are not afraid to open our strong minded" women would but allow r mouthsand testifyto the wrongs we suffered.! themselves to consider, they could hardly mow have our affections and hones 'been help seeing that, at present, there cannot blighted? I will tell you. When amid all be devised any better system for the con- this privation and sorrow we have reared traction of the social evil, than the Mormon our little of daughters, according to " principle of plurality of wives. our circumstances and they Have They believe the majority of women to be been snatched from us byability the hands of liber superior to the majority of men. How then tines and villains When the onward course can they hope to procure a suitable husband of "civilization" Jias washed its waves on for every good and pure Avoman, save by our d shores and brought for - our are who men take more than worthy letting sons the billiard saloons one worthy woman each, or many of t hem, and the dens of table, the gambling when the people since there are a great many more women would make lawsinfamy; to take from us ' our.. than men iu different. parts of the. world? levying ;us:jiiprey to Th eyxbeUevoflaEicIrighteforxill What equality is there to be found in a fofliceTgTmidpolit principled, to fill houses of wretchedness society where only one woman out of a and jour children illegitamied, our great number is to be favored with a moral; names a then," sisters of ;Zion, our temperate husband? While the rest must hearts may bleed, for that-- is the system remain in' "single blessedness," and die that strikes at the root' of womanhood and without having fulfilled their mission to the our affecfions and hopes.v'See our earth. Or else, marry poor, worthless, blights , and noble, not disgracing drunken vagabonds who will desert them sonS?bright of the their Creator! Se6 our daughters, and perhaps their helpless children, when- fair image and gentle, types of noble womanhood, " ."" ever .they tire of them. fit to become the mothers of a noble race, How is - it that they cannot see that it exalted in health, in dignity, in purity and would be better to have a husband that can virtue! We have obeyed the commandbe trusted, and a father for the children, ments of God and the dictates ' of our own that they " need not be ashamed to own? and this is our reward. We are With all my weakness and selfish feelings, conciences, mothers and honored wives. Have I can see that women in the world have tender we fainted or faltered by the wayside? much more cause for anxiety, and trouble Perhaps we have. How many of our than we have in Utah. n Christian or dreading Our F. It. Society is not doing much now. the cares sistersTtearing-paiof maternity, have done the same We haven't had a meeting for ever so long. and their names in cowardice I feel sorry to have things so neglected, for and committed to the grave of oblivion? But to I think we should be awake and at work thoseshame have who nobly contended against the for the general good of mankind, ourselves of tide ignorance, error and public opinion included; but it is not my place to make any who have fought the good fight and won move unless so directed. So I wait patiently, the victory, how great must be their . satissaying good words and! encouraging where faction, as the blessings of God ever I can, and feeling assured that all will and the they receive their own hearts! " of approbation be well. F. S. Peovo. J. TV Dear sisters, who have so nobly stepped forward to .stem the tide of arrogance, ignor BROTHERS. ance, and assumption; seeing in your paper an invitation to come and do likewise I offer a few of my scattered ideas for your columns. Girls, are not your brothers generous and My feelings have been aroused, or, in other loving to you? It is, iinqestionably, very words, I have "been, set to thinking" by much your own fault if they are not. some remarks I saw m a late paper: relative If brothers are not what they Should I be to "Monnon women awakening up to a full the influence of d realization of our grave situation." Have sisters has much power we ever been asleep? I trust not. There is as an incitement to reflection and reform. no thinking woman among ubut what will Few men are naturally so very vilei that say our situation lis grave; has ever been the gentle, persuasive voice and affectiongrave. My mind wanders back in retrospect ate way3 of a true woman, have i no weight to the days when I was "one of Christ's with them. Yfet, sometimes, brothers are little ones, too" and I could give many mean, cross, and altogether worthless; and things from memory to show that our situa- it is not in the reach of mothers or sisters to tion was grave. The days of Jinxiety and reclaim them. And even such ones . somenights of fear in Nau voo; the days of sick- times get wives with tender hearts to break. ness and destitution in the scorching sun, I have frequently heard elderly ladies say as we traveled through. Illinois, Iowa or to young ones, "Never marry a man who is -not kindpand thoughtfulof-the-weifar-e MisouriWhen at touiieil Bluffs and of our little band was taken from lis to fight comfort of his mother or sister." This is on the plains of Mexico for the land wo how excellent advice, to which sensible girls inhabit- - fathers," husbands,." and brothers; mostly give head. Yet, even such men and their bones we're strewn by the wayside are sometimes won over to a beautiful con asacrifice 'of loyalty to their country; leav- sistency by a prudenU cheerful wife whose ing onty the old and infirm and boys too affectionate words and ways are the only young to stand the fatigues of camp life, to disapprovals ho gets for his cross ones. A support and protect the women and children. man should be as careful in Meeting a Our situatioh'thenwastruiy grave. Beneath wife, i f he would enjoy life underlhe- - influ burning sun's on the sandy plains of the ence of hymen's power, not to get one; who "great desert,?' and amid the chilling: cold is ungrateful, 4ind regardless of her father or and eternal snows of the Rocky Mountains, brother's happiness. ; , : was , still grave. We may have tried to If a man lias' been brought up .with a it slumber and bury our wrongs in forgetful-nes- mother, and sisters who were unreasonable but it was like sleeping in a. nest of and extravagant in their demands for atten mosquitoes; there were too many bills pre- - tion, ho will .naturally have acquired the Kditok Exponent: habit of making refusal? and look to h& found fault with for.doing so; and anything else Will seem out of place to him. It is as unfair for sisters 'and wives to want to be petted and indulged all the' time to keep them in good humor, as it is for brotliers and husbands to be ungracious and arbitrary and "never deign to gratify the wishesof those who depend so much upon them. . Jv the-bes- rock-boun- hus-baisncrotect- JlL-fume- ; by-wor- d, " . . 17 " ;$L- good-nature- sweet-tempere- d, d, pure-minde- , the-flow- er -- -- -- : -- prs. "There's no belief in man, Not even in a brother; So a iris, it you must love. .Love one another." t These words are said to have been found at a hotel. I don' t in a lady's scrap-boo- k like them they are4o0 deprecatory of one of the ablest and most devoted supports we ever find a brother. --What broth ers? very, last; and even ask our advice -- in matters that other people might think us should we do without Those who wliiconM -- 1fdo7fri'y6To thought of. . J There is belief in man ; and until some one is found er will take upon himself for your sake, wTho still-great- young lady, cling closely! to your, brother and be thankful for:him;Aiidifyou know: he is not the sort to make a good,' noble husband for some chaste creature, either coy or dignified, (for all good men cannot bo suitable companions to all good women, there is so great a variety of tastes and sentiments i help him to become so, that is y hat God designed him to be. Frank. "";-v- TRUTH WITH CHILDREN. "Suffer little children to come unto me, and forbid them not; for of such is the Kingdom of Heaven." ; These beautiful wrords of our beloved Redeemer, are worthy the contemplation of. every intelligent mind. After living twenty or thirty years upon the earth, how tar have we receded from: the innocence of infancy, and how carefully ami faithfully must we watch ourselves, to recall its charitable, unsuspicious and confiding trust ! How thoughtless are parents over to take a course to change and embitter .that pure, heavenly trust in their children Yet it is often done, and in various ways. - For instance rA Smother promises fto dress her little girPs doll, presently. How often hour after hour slips away, and still the promise is not fulfilled. Still the chiles perfect trust in her mother's words, keeps her hopeful; and the . little task is postponed, laid aside for something of more . importance, until the entire , day passes, or perhaps . two or- - three. days; and although the promise - may be often repeated, it is still unfulfilled, i: From such unwise examples children learn, not only to be distrustful of others, but also to make promises themselves that they do not even intend to perform. In many cases, older peoplemake a practice oftellmg chi dren what they may consider "white lies," to persuade or frighten them into being obedient. But every falsehood that is calculated, to implant within the bosom of a child seetls of deception ..and distrust, is a black pne and should be studiously avoided. It is better to enforce discipline among children by the firm - exerciser of - parental- - authority-tha- n to inculcate the poison of: deceit into their young, guileless minds. But to control thera by the gentle powers of firm, cheerful, yet earnest and truthful persuasion, is better still. Lunie. ; 1 : s, We should guard against small vices a well as great errors. ..... . 