W O M AN'S EXPOKEKT. '37 moderate. The performance of the young folks at the theatre last evening was, for the most iMfrKOVKMEXTS in our, City and harvesting partrcry well executed; the- - haste -- manifested iiTlts surroundings are visible everywhere. throughout the entire presentation of the drama, being excusable. The duet by the j'oung flutAn addrkss "in behalf of the twenty-fou- r . ists and the song,' "Dolly Varden were very young ladies" and an interesting communica rendered. tion from St. George, both contributed by happily A WOMAN'S VIEWS; "Flora," are unavoidably held over, as are also several other articles and correspondence. HOME-AFFAIR- S. i - . Thk Ladies Itetrenchment Association Ball Editor Woman's Exponent: There appeared an article in the "Deseret of given on the evening of the Twenty-fourt- h of July 10th, on the seduction of a July, in the Thirteenth Vard assembly rooms, News' was a success. After paying all the incidenta Miss Hardy by Wm. L. Davis, with com ments by a writer in the "New York expenses, the , Committee found they had a Standard." The writer says that Miss small surplus of 22.00 which they depositet Hardy was as bad as her seducer, and if in the P. E. Fund. many: mothers as well as teachers of the' 'y'r r::; TT'-- .' young:" 715 While attending to the more advanced classes, I gave the small children liberty to play a portion of the time in the yard surrounding the school house. One day a little girl left her play and came in to tell me a very pitiful story. Said she: " 'Neils has found two bright,-pret- ty shells, where we were playing, and has given them both to Hannah, and they won' t let me have one of them; mustn't they?' ... " Did you ask Hannah if she would please to let you have one of them?' I , asked, "'I am going to say that to her now,' said 3Iaggie; and a way she ran, but presently returned again with a sorrowful face, and the sad tidings: " 'She won't let me have it, Miss ' " ' . token before a jury of Women would be proWhose is it? A you ng lady wishes to make nounced the worst of the two. I, a woman, would solemnly decry- - such an unworthy renijukyiirougl the owner of a pretty gray and white, half-- statement. I am not a young woman; I "iJYjtfU-jmielgrown kitten, that followed her from some have traveled considerably, and found the spondedj around -- Hannah's 'put your house on " Second East street, early on the nature of woman much the same in all neck, kiss her, and say, 'Hannah, won't morning of the 25th of July, would like to places where I have bcenr That woman you let your dear little class-mat- e have one ascertain, its whereabouts. Information con desires honorable marriage is true; but se- of those shells?' r':"?llI:v:-"j?:--:her own ' eermng it may be obtained at Bishop L. IX duction, never! She never wishes "Maggie scampered away again, but was downfall; It would be contrary to all reason. back in a moment, this time holding the Young's, ISth Ward. Man has asserted his superiority and right up triumphantly, and exclaiming. liiE past two weeks has been a period to rule; woman has received this idea, and shell school-ma'a"See! isn't it pretty?" fmught with care and sorrow to many in differ- believed him most religiously. Is this "It was pretty and I said so, and the glad ent parts of the City. Numerous accidents have wrong? Woman sets up a shrine and little creature was off to her play again, occurred; many of them of a very serious places some man there as the JDeity, often and singing as hapily as ever; and nature, and some fatal. Quite 'a number of to her own sorrow. That women often fall smiling she and Hannah been the best of deaths from sickness are also reported. To the is - sadly true ; and that when they have friends ever since. have! : is become reckless often fallen, they utterly exceedingly dry andrhot weatherrwhich ha "I have inveriably found it the best way been experienced may be accorded much of the also a truth. But are they the ones most to to let the little ones settle their own difficause for ill health which has been and is still blame? I think not. I know some men can if they reasonably; and I never try to destroy young girls; and that when culties, complained of. interfere unless , highly necessary,: one of them succeeds he glories in the deto more than advise." of L. D. struction he has wrought and taunts his Through the courtesy Bishop The same teacher remarks that one dav had we have the of Young, pleasure perusing his victim with her folly, and spreads he praised a bright, clean little face and an interesting letter from Brother Edward her darkened name far and wide leaving moothly combed head, and told the owner Stevenson, Missionary to the United States, her nothing but degredation for the she wanted a kiss from: such a tidv, sweet. Av ri 1 en a t Pol k C i tyrTo wa . Tl i e wri t er repre rest of her miserable life. If she escapes little boy, whenever he came to school in sents nimseii anu ,.r,uier I'orter as enjoying uncontaminated, what then? She and th.e morning; and that afterwards she was their Missionary labors, being favorbly received Lord only know of the villain'? damning the never troubled with dirty faces or unin that portion of the country. His letter, purposes! Can the writer in the "Standard" deny combed heads; or if one did happen to make, directed to Bishop Young, is addressed, within, its appearance occasionally, all the reproof to "Elder L. I). Young, and the Home Mission these facts? I know he cannot. And if I necessary was for her to say "I havfl'nn. in as his nature his read exhibited aright, and he them Staff" all. greets ary cordially 1' kiss for you That was better than ne. is not an innocent man or ne article, " The organization of a physiological class, would never libel his mother's sex. Surely scolding. which took place on the afternoon of Thursday, my judgment is just, for by his own words IvIND AVOItDS. July 25th, under the supervision of Mrs. Sarah have I judged him. Kimball, in the 15th Ward F. R. Society hall, 7 If Miss Hardy was placed before a jury of The Utah "Pdmulogist" ays, in the last in this City, promises to be an opening for the sensible women what would be their sen pursuit of much valuable in forma tion and con- tence? I do not h esitate to say that the de number to hand: sequent good results for our ladies. There is stroyer would have been shot dead instead "Tire Woman's Exponkxt.- - No's 1 and scarcely any, perhaps no other branch ofetluca of only wounded in the hip; for they would 2 are before us, and we give it a hearty tion which can be made so practically and in have sorrowed over the downfall of a sister welcome. Its editorials arc piainV sound and dividually useful, especially to women, as the and striven to reclai m h er. Do not t hi nk so logical, and its selections pithy, newsy and tudy of physiology. ; Yet it has heretofore meanly of woman as to believe she does not well chosen. The character, object and aim been sadly neglected; and even ridiculed by feel the shame that is brought on her by of the Exponent is widely different' from the sins of her sifter woman. It is asa stab that of the political, strong-minde- d many unthinking people. . . ... . r with a sharp knife. A man can never know rights journals of the day. Every f Those names presented to the public as can- the pain. in family Utah should give it support. Loiil' didates forr'the various offlccVto berfilleJatthe The "Standard" says there would beafine may it wave, an exponent of the sehtimHiits coming election, have, without doubt been well time if all the fathers of the miserable be- and feelings of the many ' good women of canvassed and Considered by those who are de- ings that ply their horrible, trade in New u tan. sirous of participating in the electoral enact- York would shoot down their visitors. I And the Council Bluffs "Record and ments. Ladies, as well as gentlemen should think it would be a great blessing if all the understand the importance attached to giving pure fathers would follow the example of support to a candidate to any office, by which Mr. Hardy. Let me tell the "Standard" journal: Woman's Exponknt. The above is 'tluJ the whole or a portion of the community is to that one very fruitful cause of evil in wo be wronged or benefitted. To be sure we are men is in the evil their fathers have com- title of a new; publication," in cannot before You octavo mitted them. now gather form, leing published at Salt voting to sustain good officers, is the only way tree. a from fruit Lake good corrupt City, Utah, by ladles of Mormon faith, we can know we are not voting to sustain bad Mauv. Grantsville. in that Territory, who, m their Prospectus ones. for the lwper, say : "It is " better "to repre All tnocent attempts at home progress sent ourselves than to be misrepresented by AN INCIDENT. "and-sel- f Jniproveni c li sliouIdlxT genefoUsly 6thersT'Ttn(t it TsfcrthTsMifl " thejhave "Teach them correct principle.-'sustained and encouraged. Yet, care must be" begun the publication of the Woman's And they will gorern themselves'!.... , s not overreach its legitExroNKNT. a journal neat in tvioLraihid taken, that charity-docWe the incident as little give following imate limits and pronounce acquirements of appearance and replete with reading matter to us was told it a con or interest, Success to the entcrpnzc of the by young teacher, thought and mannerof gesticulation good when they are really crude, or excellent while only sidering the illustration worthy of notice to ladies. l r " m, -- . . - .. , 1 1 V A to-day- ." 1 ' . wo-ma- . . ... . ' -- . . Rirmer',-ha-thisinregtiht-t07our-litt- le-' semi-month- t , ly n's 