WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 80 -- ? FACTS AND FIGURES. MISCELLANEOUS. , r v The Emperor of Austria There are 573 light houses on the coast ha8 established of the United States, and 22 light ships. in the a Jewish theological faculty Imperial University, to be equal jn its rights and privileges to the Roman Catholic and Prot- estant iacuiues. Child-sellin- g in Japan is carried on to an such extent that the Government is try to ing suppress it. The purchase money of a 11 me chlidis only three dollars, iind the MmMMteen years of nge can be bought ior twenty. The difference in nature was well il lustrated the other day at the depot Two sisters met: 0 my dear lister," said one, as exhaustedly, they embraced. "You've been eating onions," said the other, calmly AW - A and fearlessly. AjQjMQjieaxtjand JNew.York. -- - ws - j -- cars are said to run to Mount Zion, Jerusalem, the street lamps being kindsJtthe the -- 1; .. r.. lighted with gas. :.,.-...,to is he his think father is a trary, apt The citizens of Ohio, it is estimated, have pretty good Saint. But if father goes homo tEelr lives insured to the aggregate amount from church and sits down to his daintv cuti -- , of $130,000,000. of tea, and after dinner-ligh- ts his pine or! In Perry city. Georgia, one dollar tax is cigar and lazily puffs its filthy fumes with abated for every shade tree planted by the ers are aipto iissuffie i, clUzeiisIongtheidewaiks;- An English church has been erected at will draAv sharp comparisons between pre- Cairo, and the Khedive of Egypt has df-- cept and practice, and if ho make ft poor choice, remember, it is no more than his ered a site for the purpose. father did. If some quiet neighborhood in In a stone quarry at Anamoso. Iowa. I in an uproar on a fine morning through find solid block of stone,on being sawed through ing woodracks and wagons cutting gambol was found to contain a petrified human foot. on the tops of fences and barns, and pendan of Speaking the climate of the Argen cats maKing nuieous music, and dogs anti tine Republic, Professor Gould says: "A yearlings running wild with kettles tied td- bowl of water left uncovered In the morning neir tails, don't suppose that "those bovs' is dry at night; ink vanishes from the ink invented all the,, mischief themselves: bu stand as if by magic; the bodies of dead rest assured that some father, uncle or other animals dry up instead of decomposing, and "jolly good fellow" has been regaling thd neither exercise nor exposure to tho sun's lis boyhood, and this is only the legitimatri rays produce perspiration." of the seed thus sown. If bovs wastd Shakespeare was married at 18; Dante, fruit fine powers of mind in studyiug how heir Franklin and Bulwer at 24; Kepler, Mozart and Walter Scott at 26; Washington, Napo- o evade the drudgery of learning lessons! leon I. and Byron at 27; Rossini, the first and play tricks to puzzle and annov thd time at 30 and the second time at 54; Schi- schoolma'am, don't forget how the old boy ller and Weber at 31; Aristophanes at 36 ; boast of their proficiency in that line. Don't I set them down as unmitigated annoyance! 1 Wellington at 37; Talma at 39; Luther at unless ; 42; Addison at 44; Young at 47; Swift at correct.you wisn tnem to prove your oninioii Don't always beg them to smril 49; Buffon at 53, and Goethe at 57. your nerves when they want a little harm! j A wonderful cave has just been dis- ess play at home. When I heard a father covered in Kansas, which has a lake of pure, complain that "outside influences" was toi ; clear water extending almost frohi the en- strong for him, and it was almost more thmi ; trance, in a northeast direction; as far as the he could do to keep his boys" under any ....rei- ' - of the discoverer coiild reach: IIr siruint wnaiever, l could not sight wonder- threw stones a3 far as possible, and could ing if "inside influence" werehelpwhat theI hear nothing but the splashing sound that should be. Did his son ever feel at libertj water gives echoed back to him. The to bring a comrade home with him for dint of the roof above water is seven or ner, without fear that mother's brow wouli height feet. cloud and mother's lips be dumb while the eight -- boy-knom.nothin-g.io ; zr,-- : . - ficient ground for a divorce. The law do- manded that she should follow her husband. "What! the law compels me to.followmy husband?'' "Certainly." . We shall see, then." The lady disappeared and at once attached herself to her husband and followed him every step that he took for two days. This was sufficient to attract the attention of the whoto city, for the poor husband could no more escape her than he could his shadow. Finally the police and she was arrested for causing interfered, the gathering of a crowd on the streets.- - . - t . - A L " West of the Mississippi river the United owns btates still 973,482,593 acres, dis- irmuted as loiiows: Missouri. Iowa and Arkansas, 16,000,000; Dakota and Wyom- mg, io,zao,z4; Montana, 86,604,605; Kan sas, 4 a, i ebraska. 55,223.637Golor and Idaho, 11 7,800,000 ; co ana utan, zz4,i4U,uuo;ievada and Arizona, ado' New-Mexi- 136,000,000; Minnesota, 36,876,170: ' Territory, 154,000. Indian The total reduction of customs duties un- der Act of Congress, June 6th, 1872, and on tea and coffee under the Act of May 1st, 1872, on the principal dutiable articles and manufactures, in addition to the free list, as estimated at the Treasury Department, amounts to $31,172,761 38, Of this sum the reduction on tea and coffee alone amounts to $15,893,846 67. In addition to fhf u a total reduction of interest 20,651,000 making a grand total of $51,- - tw - i A 1 . - Street yes, I know the boys are wild,l that they uso bad language and cultivate bad habits, and, as you say, "make them- selves a great nuisance;,? but,Jiiy friend-- Ij don't think the boys deserve quite so rriuclij blame as they get. When a little fellowl goe with his father to church, if he is well? taught, he will listen to what the speaker) says; and especially will he notice everyj wordwhich comes from the lips of his own father. Well, if father testifies that it isi the duty of all who would wear the name of saints, to keep tne Word or Wisdom and; follow the strict rules of temperance in all! things, and especially to abstain from hot' drinks and intoxicating beverages of all Oh, ' are commodities which a man should never faii to take home with him. They will best season his food and soften his pillow. It were a great thing for a man that his wife and children could truly say of him: He never brought a frown or unhapmness across his threshold." Fret Not. "The horse that fret.s is the horse that sweats." An an nkl envino- nf horsemen, and it is just as true of men as horses. The man himself to irritated at get every little thing that goes amiss in his business,, or in the ordinary affairs of life, is a man that, as a rule, will accomplish little . and wear out earl v. He is a man for whom bile and dyspepsia have a particular fondness, and for whom chil. dren have a particular aversion ? He is a man with a perpetual thorn in the flesh, Which pricks and wounds at the slightest movement; a man for whom life has little z pleasure and the future small hope. Chinese Etiquette.. The Chinese "carte de visite" is a curiosity. It consists of a bright scarlet paper, with the owner's name inscribed in large letters the bigger the more exquisite. For extra grand occasions the card js folded ten times, the name is written on the right haid lower corner, with a humiliating prefix, like, "your very stupid brother," "your unworthy friend who bows his head and pays his resists Ka t words "your stupid" taking the place of it is etiquette to reuurespectiuiiy." turn these cards to the visitors, it being presumable that the expense is too great for general distribution. A young woman recently appeared before the Court at Liege with a demand for a separation or divorce from her husband, on the ground that he had hiredithouUiercon senf, a suit ofaparfficnts which ihe could not occupy. She was informed that this simple disregard of her wishes was not sufthat-allo- Rosa has received a golden med- al from the London Philharmonic Society. Since the abolition of the gallows in Iowa there has not been a murder in that State. An iron church,J costing S1G0.000. t for the town of Amron, Feru, was shipped from Parepa (Written tot tho Exponent. A PLEA FOR THE BOYS. i Doctor Franklin said that every little The first ra il way in Tunis has been fragment of the day should be saved. opened. A St. Louis paper tells its readers that In Ne w 77,790 pupils attend the "Louisville mules, after kicking the countenance off their drivers, calmly haul the corpse public schools. vessels in the There are 285 iron-cla- d to an undertaker's shop, where it can be at- of twelve navies the world, ienaea to." f - - . youthful guest remainedT Or that father,' ignoring the visitor's presence, would ini--: prove the occasion to rebuke him sternly foV some boyish negligence and wound his in the presence of his friend? DiflT ever ask his opinion or- advice- - con- latner even the smallest of his affairs tb' cerning show that he thought his son a reasonab1-beinand possessed of at least ordinary un- ever make the slightest pretense of leaning upon him aV upon his best friend, or treat him more likb a peer than a servant? Parents, I fear wb! are too jealous of our authority and exerciso too much control oyer our boys. Would it not be better to lay by some of thisautlmrifv and show a little more of the friend and companion? Show a little more interest ih their personal affairs, and cultivate in fhnrfi a little more interest in ours? Do not compel them to this or that course heenu if iltneir duty to obey, but paint for them th results oi rignteousness In such charmin self-respe- ct -- g - - : I 