WOMAN'S Oxford Univerity celebrates its supposed to have been smuggled, have been iorK. A young lady who liad many admirers among the limbs of the law,, on being asked how she escaped heart-wholsup to was the fact that "in a posed it rowing 'counselors' of there is safety." multitude God looks not at the oratory of our pray ers, how eloquent they are; nor at their geometry, how long they are: nor at their arithmetic, how manv thpv are: nor at their w e, logic, how methmH - At HINTS FOR YOUNG MOTHEliS. The three requisites for babies are plenty of sleep, plenty of food, plenty of flannel. anniversary this year. saying that man is a bundle of habits The new Freshman class of .Harvard The is true of babies as it Is of grown children. already number 191. t Tf n fnfiiTit. it nroiisfniTiPr1 fmm Its hlrfh' in Free Traders of an The England propose sleep froiri six o'clock at night tUl' daylight, international conference. the habit of early sleep will be formed, and The Boston Gas Co. has a well 1,100 feet the mother may have all of her evenings to herself. . If the baby sleeps all night, a long deep without striking water. Maryland cotton lactones consume morning nap will naturally come about dinner time, after which the child, except 30000 bales of cottou Ier week when very young, should be kept awake till The population of Fans is said to have six o'clock. Perseverance inihiaj'outine: will soon result in quiet evenings The colored voters of the country are for both child and, securing Some mothers parent. said to number 900,000, and the politicians have a season every morning and every long tare after them. nierht in ecttincr their babies asleep. They oevent Y thousand dollars worth oi suks, M,. G3 . FACTS AND FIGURES. MISCELLANEOUS. at-uiu- EXPONENT. 1000th . . ineir sincerity, now, spiritual they are. A woman lately looking at a printing press at work; looked up in the face of her More people haveibeeiu companion, and in a most earnest manner inquired? mug iu Augutuu.iuis summer muu ims ever enfolds them. , With most children this is "Well, Tim, an them's the things as been, known before. ; entirely unnecessary. An infant can be ac- wntes the papers. Be's them what they Fall River, Mass. has now in opera- - customed by a few days' training to go to calLelItorirfe containing 1,100,000 sleep itself for a morning nap as well as for A naughty little boy blubbering because spindles, representing at night. A mother has du- hls mother wouldn't let him cro down to and employing 15,000 operatives. ties to herself as well as to her offspring. ad-on the riveri the Sabbath, upoiu beiusr 1 "T'tVk vmt iifi was fh exercise a most constant While iripst utmost physical comfort, leare cro want in its to saidi a "I didn't monished, Thoro wax no securing known in Nw swimmin' with 'em ma. I onlv wanted to sh& should secure restand recreation for her- I self. In no other way can she , keep fresh go down and see the bad little boys drown August - fnr wit mrn awt mm in' --AnRun rTo fcclinffs and buoyant in spirit Nothing The New Haven undertaker had recently isa so wearing unceasing tending of a Wisdom is the associate of Justice. It twenty-seve- n dead children to care for In fretful baby, Every means should be em assists her to form equal laws, to pursue one..."day. beihsr caused the deaths mainlv . , o , 7 r a f ' " j ployed to aid the child in taking care of itcorrect power, to protect by cholera infantum. ngni meiisures, 10 weakness, and to unite individuals m a The new1 Catholic cathedral at Boston is self and giving as little trouble as possible. It may learn in babyhood: to amuse itself and. finished. when )proachin2 completion, roes may kill tyrants, but it is wisdom and ver will f11. State House as a on around it Fashion as well as good sense laws that fiVVC"1' tyranny and oppression. lls lu lT landmark approachprominent people TT Ti4 a requires inftnK dresses to bo made wfh ' Boston. sign of Christian manhood, where -i.;--long sleeves and high in the neck. Fashion r i,:, natire Impel him to do;' otheWlse. think, L. .:Srv?"i. snoma incase ine ciau. "" """"' lannei j; :v i mpn-lfnllnnrt wf fn ivnoiCDOuy, nnd .'''."''", I . if 1 XI 3 11. t IV oin,,s uuui Ully fill tOOt in CITO tH?A CtArtOO h TltA .ilt. il. . - J Wr she-shou- ld Ene-lam- . .. 1 - as-th- - e i rw ui v. -- . !K-- n-..- H9 hi!mIrmAnt ti11 J, Pnn fhrm one that shalljmye more fhrnto-ii- f mercyJnJtke Avlthhnld fu uanroi f vou which fonn of mpn judgments " mrA nf-fK- a "TS v "I.L vvueam jh 1 tclnriUu. nauus. XI1U jrUUIUI CUUSO in Ol COUC III Jamaica, V I., wiuim me last arms, iveguianiy in leeuinir is as impori- nas uau oorn 10 mm Dy nis nrstiani as euner oi ine oiner requisites. Aa- puvyuars n uriFA i. : ,.i rza AU T "BHepenus women. If the latter are cultivated, young nhv fhft OTUCl VHrtaft nf mmmnn kah three pair of twins by two mothers. in this matter, and not force food into a ba- intelligent, accomplished, the young men stomach for every little complaint it The cost of living in the larger cities in will fffl tfiA rpniilwunpnt f hat thoxr fhom. hat this maxes. unnaren 01 tnree and iour years selves should be upright, and gentlemanly ?his1 country v uim' old need much more "sleep than they usu " UI!WTU1 M and refined; but if their female friends are 7 For irritable and nervous child ally have. frivolous and silly, the young men will be One thousand dollars in London at the is dren sleep a specific, and it can be secured fnt Vm? Til1 Purchase no more than seven to them to be dissipated and worthless. hundred dollars ten years ago. only by force of habit. Many light ' i Dju JIolmes says; "A woman, notwithbeen proved by repeated experi forms of disease may be cured by keeping It has she is best the of knows standing listeners, a child in a uniform and in her business, and it is a woman's business ments that it is possible to rule linear with a quiet. Let the young temperature mothers who read to please, I don't say it is not her business diamond point on glass so close together this column: experiment on these few sug to vote, but I do say that the woman who that upwards of 60,000 of them are com gestions, and wo are suro will have they does not please, is a false note in the harmo prised in the spate of one inch The appar many an hour in the nuriery-fereading nies of nature. Rli m.xr nnt Iiova trr...th eat limit of vision in the best microscone and4hought Ex; nor beauty, nor even manners: but she must doe4s not, however, reach beyond I nessep- 01 an men. havo something in her voice-o- r expression, luaiKiU Ulie 3Iiss Smythe, the comic lingeri'in'd bal or both, which makes you feel better dis-Capt. Hervey's experiment with Chinese let dancer of Londonwho. still follows that posed toward your race to look calling is Viscountess Jlfn ton, having mar .ls.i4ujndiyiitJEUeviUe,-J.-:: to." is so far successful that another troop has ried the noblo "Cfosman'rln 1869, who per- been sent for and a new building .for their formed as a pantomlmist In several theatres .i young mother was in tho habit ' " - of air-f IT.. and wno nas lately oeen aiscov- ing the baby's clothes at the window. Her accomraouaiion is in process 01 construction, in ieoy-i- ; l"mB, r -- pres-foun- . , g'"y-iousanu- in LilE11111 w ; , 1 J A Am iiulliii1 husbanq did not HkeJt and believed iflshe saw her practice as others saw it she "would ruuury anu naymens" appears to nave aion very amiaiDiy tf Uo m rlirnpfnd thnir offomnrtn i ouwameu, auu iuuy walk as to bring the nursery window into to6emerNarrow-gaug- e full view from the central part of the town. railroads,- according to a to. offendthe Stopping abruptly, hepointed paper recently fead before:theNew York in linen the society-o- f ing flopping unconsciously engineers, have an advantage y e overbroad-gaugand asked roads of 25.48 per cent in sarcastically,-"Mbreeze, dear, ?'Jwhat is that display in our window5 - road bed and road construction. It was also "Why," she replied, "that is the flag of bur asserted that there is a saving of 5 percent, union." Conquered by this pungent retort, in the cost of stations, of 28 per cent, in he saluted the flag by a swing of his hat, the cost of car shops, and 21.07 per cent on and pressincr his wife's ann claser within the cost of rollim? stock.z: --The avorairo sav- his own, said, as they walked homeward, ing on all items, it was stited, would be "And long may it wave!" 24.03 per cent. m mm S t m M 1 " -- - -- neir coupio nave a ueir, uuru iu uiL'in iu.aou. 11 is jan sun auu 10 ine I'ouieti, difficult to tell who persons are after thev conceive a mania for the stage. In becoming so many and such varied characters," is it a Avonder they should fiiii sometimes to i keep track of themselves? A man named William George, 103 years of age, living at Rochester, .111., committed suicide by hanging himself a few days , ago. - - Livingstone's discoverer Stanley-Africanu- s. ' . , r: is now called ' - 