WOMAN'S EXPONNT7 103 - ADVICE TO A YOUNG BROTHER. Artists have so painted feminine beauty. Men of taste and gallantry have admitted - Do not be anxious to leave the dear one's such. has ceased to be connected to whom you are indebted for your mortal with Phrenology astjiestic subjects, and therefore we existence, as long as you can earn and ob- have returned to nature and art.-'- Indeed, tain a livelihood by clinging to them. There the passion now is rather for 16w foreheads, will be time enougli in which you may for hair over the temples, and lovelocks learn to do without them, when you can no that shade the lustre of deep eyes. longer avoidu being thus thrust upon your This is rather overdoncMbut it'- is prefer- not Do own resources. imagine that because MeJlqfty ' foreheadjand not a man and cannot that make the face more fittingrippedJjrows is rich father your for a Roman afford to support you without work, and senator than a tender, womanly send you to the high school, you cannot be- woman. Every genteel, man of taste must rejoice come educated and wise and great. The that, something like an approximation to worfd is full of knowledge, and there is no the old models and correct standard of femi lack of books and periodicals, which treat on nine loveliness has been estabushed,and the arts : and sciences. The- - gaining of they are ho longer painted with wisuuni is wiiuiu uie ruucu ox an. ror uou "Hih white fronts that tell of power did not create His children to be drones, "Which ne'er is fashioned jby the genii eAgart - - -- and yet He requires nothing of them that Ilejdoes not find means for their obtaining. Application is all that is necessary to make a mind bright, reflective and intellectual. Do not think too much of amassing wealth 'and maklnga "big show" in the world. Richeg cannot purchase happiness. They may. help THE SEX. One of Fanny Fern's daughters lives at ....' : St. Paul. :. Three English ladies recently achieved the ascent of Mont Blanc, and had a triumphant recption on their return. r Laura Sainz, Marchioness of Patayama, late to Q makinga fortune on the lyric stage in Italy. Fob domestic reasons, Kate Fields will be unable to lecture in the West at all this sea. ' : :4a4y-an-waUih-gI soiiiidvilHbebligedorortairthe number- of her engagements in the East. "I'm hot used to hernT" e - said-aUi- ttl girl to, a Lady of whom she had asked alms, " 'cause only two weeks ago my father was . -- aerehantP: t-r- child, JiQWcoulcLiyouLbe- reduced Some one writes of the to "Why, so soon ?" poverty beauty 6 old peopleWho of:us but have father took a bad bill at seen this beauty, perchance an aged hin"My peaiiuWitand, and it ruined him," :sob- a mother ripen bed the, grandmother, perhaps upon ing for Heaven, catching the radiance of WhenchUd;zzrr:::z a child, Pauline Lucca manifested celestial glory ere they departed. lie says: such a decided- - taste for drawing as well as one tf in his novels of of LordLy bnpeaks itoaugmenti to slip away at any moment, and hopes and a man who was uglier than he had any for music,tothat for a while her mother was disposed let the former inclination prevail. aspirations wnicn are Dunt upon them are business to be; and if he could but read it, She took daily lessons in drawing, but was in constant danger of being dashed to the every human being carries his life in his face, also allowed to go on'wjth her vocal studies. -ground. Your safest, surest way of erecting and is good looking or the reverse as that She made wonderful progress in the use of a defense against misfortune and want is in life has ibeen good or evil. On our features her was her proficiency in pencil, yet such learning a useful trade. Do not imagine the fine chisel of thought and emotion are singing soon was no question that there very that because the hands of a clerk are soft eternally at work. Beauty is not the that her true vocation was music. and white, while yours are hardened with blooming young men and of pink says Mr. Scudamore, "that t, that people of sense or and white maidens. There is a slowgrow-in- g a "It is a fact," labor, and telegraph clerk in London, who was even good taste admire him and scorn you. beauty which only comes to perfection to Berlin, formed an Remember that but for the energies of the in old age. Grace belongs to no period of engaged on a wireand an attachment to a life and goodness improves the longer it acquaintance with, s tradesmen, there would be no female clerk who worked oil the same wire built, and no goods to store. Honor your exists. I have seen sweeter smiles from a lip in Berlin, .that he made a proposal to her position in society and it will be- honorable. of seventy than upon a lip of seventeen. and that she accepted him without having Always treat others with proper respect, and There is the beauty of youth and the beauty seen him. They were married, and the you will be respectable and respected. Be of holiness a beauty much more seldom marriage resulting from their electric affinitemperate in 11 your habits, and you will met and more frequently found in the arm- ties is supposed to have turned out as well never need to be troubled with doctor's bills. chair by the fire, with grandchildren around as those in which the senses are apparently Be strictly honest in all you dealings and you its knee. Husband and wife, who have concerned." will always find better use for you money fought the world side by side, who have made There was a social meeting, of five elderly than paying lawyers' fees. Be virtuous and common stock of joy and sorrow and grown ladies, sisters, at Concord, at the residence industrious, and you will become wealthy aged together, are not unfrcquently found of R. N. Rice, son of one of them, the and great. Love God and serve Him, and curiously alike in pitch and tone of voice of the five being a "greafgrand-mother,- " you will always be happy. just as twin Pebbles on the beach, exposed "youngest"and their combined ages reaching to the same tidal influences, are each other's second self. Ho has framed a feminine some three hundred and ninety years, averaging about By arrangement, they thing, which brings his manhood into full were eighty years. from WOMEN'S FOREHEADS. different parts of got together relief. She has grained a masculine some the and their under one roof State, When phrenology first began to attract thing which acts as a foil to her woman- was as happy an ejreasjyyasj attention as a science, high foreheads of hood." Ex. to all of them,, they not having been together were associated womehylaXxvelllo for about twenty years. Tiie evil done by the first utterer of a with intellect. Florida White, well known in the Mrs. slander is small comparctLwith that which of member the how Every opposite sex, a community from the re fashionable world forty years ago, was one of ever dull or uncultivated she may be, is spread throughfalse tide by idle babblers. the most beautiful, accomplished, elegant admires mental gifts, and has no objection petition of the and attractive women of her day. She. was to the reputation pi possessing them herself; These persons would fain excuse themselves the daughter of Gen. Adair, of Kentucky, that they had heard it from Mr. by alleging she to determined have the consequently So and-sa Mrs. or shelter and her first husband was Joseph M. White, seeming, if not the reality, and stripped her themselves under the common they the second delegate sent to Congress from generalities the forehead of the clustering tresses, and even Territory of Florida. Highly educated, say," or "they say." Counter removed the hair by artificial means, that of "people full of genius, her society was courted by bank-notehowever Jngen she might present a front which would feited coins and tho most elevated circles in .Washington, awake the enthusiasm of Gall or Spurzheini, iousty executed, do no harm if they" remain New Orleans, New York and Boston. She For a number of years this mania for in the hands of the original forger. It 'is by was a brilliant conversationalist, ready and their circulation that the people suffer. high foreheads raged in spite of the patent Somebody once said to a sage: "A man effective at repartee, and a sincere, warm fact that they detracted from their feminine slandered you in my presence." "If," hearted gentlewoman of the most gracious loveliness, giving it a hard, bold, masculine replied the wise man, "you had not listened and generous impulses. On one of her visits expression that should be sedulously avoided. with pleasure, he would not have defamed to Rome she was presented to the Pope. All the classic "models of beauty, whether in "Kneel, my daughter," said he, as she ... marble or on canvas, from the Venus and me." l he remark was a mst one. stood erect in -- her imperial grace before Phyrne down to the Marys of Raphael and This is the way St Louis 'squires aid suf him. All kneel to me except the daughters the Magdalens of Murillo, the picturesque fering young people, according to the of sovereigns." ,. damsels of the Campagna, and the classic "Democrat:" "A "I am a princess in my own right, Your couple called on Suliote maidens, instead of high have quite Justice Jeeko to getloving ' - Holiness," she On examinamarried. y replied. -- low foreheads something our own womeli e learned the girl was not yet 18, and he "How can that be, when you aro an ' told would seem at last to have discovered." her to go up street to another justice merican born?" "Inmy country the people Horace, and Catullus, and Ovid all sang of and by the time she reached there she would are sovereign, and I am a daughter of the the fair; fond creatures whose white fore- probably be old enough. Upon this hint the heads gleamed like the crescent moon be- overs brightened up, and on the next trial eople." The Popesmiled a gracious assent, rejoin neath the dark cloud of silken hakv accomplished their purpose." ing, "Then receive an old 'man's blessing." -- - Aged beauty. -- T: two-doll- ar uh mon-opolyj- of sun-burn- store-room- - re-uni- on o, Sueh-a-on- e, s, " 5 