;.., Tr ! 2 ioXNl WOMAN'S . F. B. SOCIETY BEPOllTS. j - - .' J . . .. , tend are energetic: and faithful, and feel per and a .tableWoonful of clovc-- 'dnhamoiir v --1,.. .... i i . mucji praise cannot be accorded to our ta. if... vely interest in our journal, PreS.de..t w)ns wiU not. rllb off if lhc ,ime is ,Ims i her efforts to advance the to vhich .she rwIitclr forwards the fo!lowinr tlefatigaWc i . . . , . . . . nareu: Mlv ,Ifil x1I!lim, hfnnVffl,i ,,f,.P.. " .e 01 mo or i sociM ncw.-omteKK yce-fchlmwrt anameuoratc.tiic. meeting spopsw11. Sf floSfSSko'a'starch.of It .the F. .Society of. that city, oil tho 7t i or condition oi the poor. and pour it hot into the whitewash; stir it ' June: .i.i.i .....nil. i:a.ai .sua. uu ami aim ii u . From Mrs, A. S. Rogers, Secretary of the "We were much pleased" and rrati lied to , u i i uvi iiil..i ' ICLLiVU ill vviiiinin vi swiufl xiiAii ri. niV uiiiiiiiiuu, in a pint of cold Mater for twenty Zina D. Young, Rathsheba W. Smith and pleasant report of the fourth animal meeting sister Home, from Sidt Lake City, at our i th. ii ' l,lLa aim uie .siune quamuy ui 3Iuch auaWeOnstr meeting. The Presidentfleing absent, 1 vw-- , Counselors, 3Irs Martha Bingham and Mrs. siiusiaeiioii exiiresseti ior tne procrress - the J , " Sarah Hcrrick, took charge of the meeting, Society has made, by those who addressed Sllir T? 8weetenJ Jlilvc TCay Well- beaten, the white :md isholl nf mi n onrnr. uffr o: .i. .. n t r. fhns which ias'openetn)y sonieTexcelleiit sing-in- g tKa A.! to manifest a li Mrs. .rn 7 ,J. , y -- HOTnomostJu- ,,. , "... f y a-W- ' , , j , I .... gne . T- wny - j i . -- .:. : A I .v followed with prayer by 3 Irs. A. M. Frodsham; and singing 'again.-'.- The meeting was addressed by sisters Z. J). Young, . W. Snuth and I. ironic, who give some excellent counsel and words of eiicou rage- - Holmes lnen tf after which sistcE. -- 11 . Siio w said : Thermuuicial this jelly 7 iuay" Ih Sflavoreil cording to reKrt hpV!5 thatiineeJihe ...... nrganmtion of the II 85 has Society In taken th wo is wfrk ounankind. $:M..S5 to reiiemption in; the poor, and half tablespoonsful of butter, stir in a teacuj given man takes a most important part. Fpon her l14lonated mr pub a lTanclsonie llai spoonsful of cream tartar in oiif pint of floury of giving cliaracter to all societies; and r this aaa a teaspoonfui of soda dissolved in a cup of iiorsEiioED hints. milk; flavor with lemon or vanilla. Bake to pro"p ourselves here. It is! opportunities of an hour in a moderate .. ,:Lnl!:.l it. .1 ... - f our . ::wwjiH. umi we worK ior rouTKxiis is confagious, and a kind oven, and serve hot with rich hot sauce. dead, w ork . 11 - 4jr: i . three-quarte- rs . ! 1 ,Jhe training of our children is one of to make sunsh no n fiw. iw,,vn v i, u iiu ciuu i,hir f tff.rltft 7i mii jjiosi wrigniy dunes we liave to per- wiiinavetlieirinltiienceoverthecondiipf nnrl nf vonf nni to teach lion. no- - j : ; ivu.-yuin-ui I I I . ' them the diirerence belweeri character of others, which is form; secretly inspir- and riglit wrong, between good and evil in ing them with a love for virtue. A lady all resjects, so far as we have learned our-s- tif'fritIiT-ioia i tm..U ft wnen . 'V" "fl ves tocompreliend. She dosed by invoktlie honcpfJieL she ing the blessing of God upon tliose present. has oppt.rtunity for the full development of Sister Bichanls briefly expressed her feel- her character and, n display of the charms ings, saying she had been much interested which are truly her highest ornaments. The a lid edified. Donations were takr Ml- - fur flio earn of nn !iHnmnliw!wwi llUu t avo- V VII ' ncu-ure- u n ".vv.1,x.,,,v ...! ,..n nf tin iw,p i.. J ,..x dollbrs and some cents, and niore visitors mav at anv tinie be received virh will be collected, it is presumed, to make as much as SIOU.'V , ."i r el aog honicere 1 - (Miii-rti(- , lUOieSPOOHSllll uU x.i, - ti'i41 u ui Ntu, A iLiiiii nullHintv ji rnjiii luillVy Willi half a teaspoonfui of soda dissolved in it. rklto , Work this into a dough; then rub into the ."...-uougn nan a cup ot butter. Knead well: cut off somebits; shape them iuto biscuits:- - lav them in thelxike pan, cover closely with a breadcloth, andlet them stand over night, in a warni place in the Winter, and a cold... place . .. ii in me ouminer. ikKe in t he morning for - ght ,v-ei- . " Of the TJiird Ward F. K. S ciely, of iWvo, we receive a brief but pleasant account from Mr.;. M. John, Secretary. A meeting was held on lht t'itli of June at the house of M r .Tanner,' Presideiit of the Society. A long and evere illness had prevented Mrs Tajincr's meeting with the Society for a feiurth of time. (oMionil .tic. laction Avas expressed hv tlioisters lhat her life had been spared' and her health iiiiu o hi so i uat sue could again lx? able to meet with them; ami she expressed herself as heingtriily thankful toJod for His godliness, and to the brethren and sisters for their faith and prayers, which had been exercised in her behalf. TheSocietv seems to be in a very nourishing condition, 3Irs. John concluding: "Hai)py to say there are none needing aistance in the Ward at i.r.nt rn-..v- thatbe are neat and f,xi..KPANf can aim eas w! V r V 2 !f erv i , -- !! S .. ond8 une can . he iid, . o'.ie cup of sugar, two tablespoonsful teaspoonsful cream tartar, one small tea- Poonful soda, oiieTeaipoonful of salt. ; Stir li ntlgQr Wart the utide in m i nTllong; then wash and cake; beating all thoroughly together- - imt it " i, ,ir or t,vo ,Iay null verv m' !TM,S edl nt of tine hrp;id light, of molasses, ambiluilf;l,efi,relKingwet,dniwincand Jut minibs, ,) of suet chopped halfajund made in this vav: fine. hmwffWw.im r f,r valine. W.,ir. make it longer than preserved orange-iKe- l th; or citnm cut thin and )VU wo orcaaths nne, very little nutmeg and cinnamon, two wash, . Bkeah Pt DDixf;. ()ne M-- .t niilkenough-tomakiHhiclc-asound- nm iromi " "v ."v ti " iieeaie that Las .a m.-id-e a rj.iy ukc iiie packing needle. i . iiiicv iiuurist -i xe careiiii, . boiling all the lime, . 7ro . Keen '. tne . Avsiter .dtheraeci a two oid year boy, ,witli;flaxer hair ami mild r; ":M-Amr- .: vith water issaidtobe blue eyes, as the family Avere called together t remove freckles from for morning prayers. course of tL vai "Yes, dear, K you must," ansAvered his mother. "What HissoLVi;, run fruit cream, half an ounce shu11 1 Pray ibr?" continued the little quer- of isinglass in Avater enough to cover ist- - "FoT whatever you Avant most," auk it; add to this a pint of cream, sweetened the response; and Avhile his father Avas offer- 3Uth four iKwnfuls of sugar and boil it. inS up his prayer, the little feUow Ava over- present." W lien COO!. . ...1 n 1. j i .'n.ii;.m vnirt v w .tyU:.-. . or TiMrrl "v uui reyereiltJV umaper "i'iiv"i, xuuuiy itespuerry ThefoIIosring, from Mrs. KlmiraS. Taylor, PW'H' preserves in a glass dish and pour the "Pray Father, rac some give candy Prav -, 0, Father, give me some candy!"7-ISecretary of the llth Ward Fi B. Society of! eroam W it. ,T is this city, is brief hut I n Ti iiM.nl....,' needless to .that Strong innoeent the nnrl say Vater, alum. often aHiedi isa a petition Avas heard I send you abriefreiortofamcetingofthe m warrs. i nn. r.n and promptly answered. Aiiuu, F, B. Society nt the 11th Ward, held in the Society Hall, June 2Gth. We were favored ot the Material for a SjTakeress. Tocntorpickaw.irt with the presence of our Bishop, Brother Mary JIogan aus too pretty a girl to be a ireeiy, and then put on Thomas Taylor, wlio gave us some excellent ittle lime is Shakeress. quick a sure cure, and "ot They tied her hair and cars instructions, and whose remarks were most back, and distorted her fair. i)roiK)rtions. hv encouraging. He said he was one Avith the uueoiueiy uress, out she still refused to be Society, that he highly api)reciated their Axv Brother Jackson, warmed out of cold plain. iiAiU), steel tool will cut dass u in. ellorts, and would do all in his iM.r f Kreat faellitv faith Avhen kont by Ioa'c and the Weather,;eIoped Avith enable them to carry on t heir laudable and. work married 3tarv n few thiv ur,i camphor dissolved in lurpentink i,,... listers J L U, Snow. Bat hshel w v-- e.' he ec interviewed. edges by. some of the scandalized and Sai-ualso bef us Bichards were also proeiit itul inay ' . oasily smoothed brethren, Mary is reported to have sa id: iiiiw.1i .:ww a flat file. irivn j.nuit iuiu gotu ctmnsel. can make your apple mss and Avar-raThere are many ,xyr in the Uardho'of take erne. "rbred, it to keep; but quart 1 ,ola ain't apples, and are two cupfuls t by the Society. Theat(end.,n Bifee can't bile yon 'em'down so at meetings U small, but those of nd of butter anil they won't sour do on your old ndes about marrvin'g." of a teaspoonfui of black Pen- Wali. mgton Star." m - n 1 1 ii w . " SI to -- ofgli.Wls h 1 I ai.rt! i t- IS .r1 lnr, "ou swr lae nt s g-al- ' ' 