A WORD EROM ST. GEORGE. TACTS AND FIGURES. - Written for the Exroxur. WOMAN'S SPHERE. St. Ggorge, Utah, Nov. 15; 1872. mentioned in the Bible 'The first boy Any pursuit which is calculated to draw ''-'Dear FxroNEXT: "' ', the thoughts and interests of women from Chap. I. Permit me to have a few words with your Kittens are superseding for the charms of the kitchen, the nursery ," the numerous and a -- . ' '" -- intelligent readers, upon topic as old as Eden, and as lovely, fragrant and interesting as a full blown rose namel- y- lap-do- gs flower garden, home, altogether, is a fallaone The chief object which actuates Lady ushers are the latest wrinkle for cious the mind to exert itself in preparing, paths, fashionable weddings in New York. Home axd Flowers. for the feet to walk in, labors " 5Phe latest medical mania in France is an delightful for the hands to I place these words in conneetion.as befng almost exclusive diet of water cresses. pleasurable perform, structures of whatever nature beautiful for the the dearest among the 40,000 contained in our natal language. Hove flowers, and often Kellogg's dresses in "La Traviata" are iseyes to behold or the senses to contemplate, that happiness may be secured. Many ask myself what is a home "without flow- - magnificent, and were made by "Worth. thestron2-mindedvomenofthrs?44Ana4isk --youjreadersvhatortof Harte's father was formerly Princi f Bret present period have wrought within themehiMren would those be reared in a home of the Hudson (New York) Academy. pal selves the strange belief that the magnifidestitute of flowers? From my stand-poia has the head cent pedestal around which are hung the Raven, Arapahoe, experience and observation. I will sav. thev ustLittle like Beeeher's and is an eloquent orator. pure and lovely adornments of. virtuous, inwill lack that chasritv of ideas, nnrl that pleasing refinement of feelinc that gentle The present Czar of Russia is so in nocent, yet intelligent enjoyment, cannot ncss of demeanor, that tenderness and love, temperate that his physicians say he cannot be erected within the circumscribed coflnes of domestic iblicity, Butlwhen a home is 7 - which so much endears the. child to its live many months.- motherland friends. Children 5 naturally Prince Leopold, Queen Victoria's young what it should be, it possesses all tho love flowers, and a little encouragement in est will commence a course of study at elements necessary for providing each of its son, inmates with suitable occupations for head assisting them to plants, seeds, a place to Oxford this October term. use and hands, at least, a portion of the time. with a little advice, and course the his of In legal long practice will- - everbe-moreabu-bmostdiildrenz readily ecome florists. Mr. Seward was never known to act for Flowers yield a fSgrance" only equalled, by dantly blessed ."or the recipient of morereaF a man a woman. against their beauty. Are you sad? go among your enjoyment, than she finds herself in filling flowers and you at once feel comforted. Are Froude safely passed those two dreaded faithfully the sphere most wisely and youexcited or angry? go at once amid the bugaboos of the ocean voyage Hell's Gate graciously alloted,to her, that of a true wife bloom of your garden, gladden your eyes and the newspaper interviewer. and mother; which is at once the most noble, with the beauties around you, and inhale who at one time had the dignified and graceful position she can John Parker, the soothing perfumes and your nerves will of being the fastest type setter occupy. Ambition may induce her to under soon become wonderfully calm. Do the reputation value that sphere, which she considers unin Texas, died lately in Huntsville. toils, cares, and trials of life bow you down worthy her gifted intellectual powers: or and discourage? go and commune with, The late Benjamin Abbott of Boston, left she may be prompted by holier motives, for nature's floral gems, and you are soothed, bequests amounting to over $80000. of regeneration and reform, to leave her brightcomforted and strengthened to fro on. Are which $10,000 went to the Universalists. est and best prospects for tranquil happiness Mrs. Joseph Spinneylias given $20,000 to the care of servants, while she gives her you skeptical An regard .to divinity and its attributes? spend a day with the plants and for the construction of a Methodist chapel attention to public concerns. In either case flowers; with a microscope examine the at Great Neck, L. L, and $10,000 for its she will meet with: disappointment, and beauties of form and color, of th minutA maintenance. or sooner or later find out her mistake. particles that compose them; then ask yourpublicly under the selfish incitement Magoffin, of Kentucky, has whence came selves, they? Did you ever discovered and entered as Government land of gaining individual popularity, is an unhear profanity uttered by any one admiring an island in Lake Superior, containing about wise and undignified course: and woman flowers? If so, is not likely to introduce any great reform has been seldom, for 1,200 acres of good land. flowers influence to gentleness, to refineMrs. has been reading the ation by following man in this respect. Partington to ment, morality, to religion. Flowers are health ofHcers' Necessity may some time compel women to and thinks reports, weekly .mt their homes and easily grown- They are but Aveeds taken "total" must be an awful situations in malignant disease, various walks of life accept filled from uncultivated nature in various parts of mostly by men : since as many die of it as of all the rest put the earth. street-wea- r. - e nt t , ; them,-togeth- er h-: And-no-wom- an -- To-lab- Ex-Govern- or it Plant them in your gardens, the along walks, in your front yards, around your houses, on porch and veranda, in the windows of your parlors, kitchens where that light and heat may reach;every let a pot with some flowering, fragrant; or ornamental, plant be placed. The care of these -williissist anjaadywKfle away pleasur-abl- y many an idle or spare moment If would rear your children uneontamin-ate- d you with the vices and crimes learned in the streets, rear flowers and fruit for them, and teach them to feel an interest in these; and provide books and other allurements in abundance, and your children will stay at home, and seldom fail to be intelligent and a comfort Homo and flowers ever one and inseperable. ,iliiiba-.- To be free from desire, is money; to be free from the rage of perpetually buying something new is a certain revenue; to be content with what we possess,' constitutes the greatest and most certain of riches. "" A remarkable case of catalepsy occurred last week at Fort "Wayne, Indiana, A little girl, three years old, was supposed to have died, and every preparation for the funeral was made two days thereafter. "While the funeral services were in progress and the body of the child was about to be conveyed to the tomb, the supposed corpse revived, and to the great surprise and joy of mourning friends the child was again restored to life, and has now fully recovered. together. Horace B. Claflin, the New York dry goods prince, once insisted on paying $50,000 revenue tax in addition to the regular assessment, believing that amount was honestly due the Government. TMESChapmahT widows of the engineer and fireman who were killed on the Erie Railway by the negligence or the train dispatcher in telegraphing, have each recovered over $5,000 damages against the Erie Railway. Thiers ordinarily dresses in a suit of black broadcloth, frock coat and decidedly ancient trousers, e wears an New England tiigh shirt collar, and invariably carries an umbrella or cane, upon old-fashion- ed which he leans while shuflling along the : . ;; ".;:.:..boulevard. 7 : At a trades' meeting the following toast was given: "The printer he beats the farmer with his hoe, the carpenter with "his rule, the mason in setting up columns; he surpasses the lawyer and doctor in attending cases, and beats the parson in the management of the devil." Cleopatra's Needle is to be removed from Alexandria to London. This obelisk originally stood at Heliopoli3, and was brought down to Alexandria by one of the "Cajsars and was, in 1852, presented by Mohammed Ali to the British Government It is seventy feet high, and at the base is seven feet seven inches in diameter. - . but while every position in which a livelihood may be galnedby honest industry, is ever honorable if honorably filled, no wroman's time should be so fully occupied, could it be avoided, in any employment that she cannot supervise, in some degree, her own domesUcoiicerns.sJtIany mi --woman saves- more by her frugal management, in a week, than several might earn at hard labor in a month!. One bright, cheerful home, with its healthy, happy inmates will create more real than a dozen hotels and boarding houses with all their idle, gossiping occupants. Why should woman seek to become assistant ruler of the nations in any other sphere, than that of the regulation and government of the dearest and most pleasant spot on earth her home? Inez. sun-shi- ne King Smith. -- A notable personage has just died Mr. Augustus Smith, King ofthe Scilly of which there are 140, although Islands, only six are inhabited. Mr. Smith was a wealthy and crotchety Englishman, who in regard to government had notions of his own which he wished to carry into and so he became lessee of the Scillypractice, Islands, under the County of Cornwalt lie thus became king of about two thousand most of whom -- were 'awretchedsubjects, -l- ot-of for are islands the peasants, poor and unfruit ful." ' With a court of twelve men he ruled the land, readjusted the relations of land and people, and attended generally to theirmoral, social, and religious status, although in thfl latter item he was not very strict 