I Vql. i. ; ll J l! Li U !1 I .' ..." i - NEWS AND VIEWS. Died at Geneva Indirect Damages. Sensational preaching continues fashion" able and attractive. The Hyers sisters led the colored chorus in the Boston Jubilee. i i Moral Massachusetts has an a Vera ere of 1 ,00 Or prisoners always on hand. : London is sakLt Jews." r" They keep store open on Sundays. , -- Ihe Big Jalboree,, is the Washington style of speakiiagf ttoBostonubilc i r Washington jealous? Convicts in Detroit write dime nov which is little better business than they were engaged in before. Political corruption is being exposed to the scorching light of critical exposure,which reveals a large amount of previously concealed rotteness. i jGeorge Sand is now at work npon a "Life of Christy Novel readers and lovers of romance will probably learn something new of the Scriptures how. The band of the British Grenadier Guards warmly, welcomed to Boston on the anniversary of the battle of Bunker Hill, is one of the events of the times too notable to be overlooked. rTTTTtT"'7In London aiouc, since mst August,' the ha been nearly 10,000 deaths by small-poNor has that dreadful disease been confined to England and the United States, but has ravaged Europe as well. Job's complaint is becoming widely known. V ' A change in the Utah Federal officials, ;' it is intimated, is likely to be made after the November elections. Blessings of such magnitude should be carefully announced in advance to prepare the public for receiving them with a moderate degree of enthu- : -- x. siasm. , A few prominent Free Traders rej ect Dr. Greeley, because of his protection views, ana naving nammerea together, a platform of the old materials have set up candidates thereon, the principal difficulty about the matter being that the candidates decline to , ' accept. - One half of the servant girls in the city of Philadelphia are said to be drunkards. If true,-givthem a chance to become honest wives and keepers of their own houses, instead of having to keep Irregular hours waltzing on fashionable mistresses, and that evil, like many others, may disappear. On tue 9th inst, the National Democratic Convention will meet in Baltimore, and the indications are strong that it will make no nominations, but endorse those made at Cincinnati.' In this matter the Democratic leaders have been led by the rank and file of the party which Is evidently tired of follow ing the same men to defeat through years - coming on years. What a terrible commentary is that on the manner in which Justice Is administered in New York, convoyed in the following from a paper published in that cityj?Three . hundred and fifty murders last year, and but one man suffering the extreme penalty of e' 1 -f 4- salt lake city, utah, july , v'1."-;'.--'- i f l if 4 j, J- -f ! i I f t-- rf I f 8 1 so. - ";;:!:t; 1872. . it - ., c. r the law. He, poor Jack Reynolds, half- esty, purity of feeling, aiulwomanly grace witted, without money or friend., was hung at defiance, that she may secure the ap as an awful example!" ''the indorsement" plause of the reckless who set those of at defirestrictions proper A new fire-arof terri bly destructive power, and called the "Magazine rifle," is ance. : The announced as the" latest addition to practical character of the pfesenFage inventions. Invented by Captain is fatal to many ancient and venerable theoMeigs, of Lowell, Massachusetts, weighing ries. Rev. James R. Dunne, of Boston, who only half a pound more than the regular has been traveling . in Palestine announces Springfield rifle it is capable of discharging that the Dead Sea is not the sad, sluggish fifty, bullets in fifty seconds; and promises to sheet of water be as effective in reducing the population as waterslhough:hea and rippling, its wavelets sparkle on the railroad accidents or steamboat explosions and its "shores aregreenjivltli shfub-Another Presidential ticket, and no- beach,and bright with flowers.J - So too tho body injured ! Groesbeck, of Oliio, and bery Olmsted, of New York, were nominated by idea'that Great Salt Lake is untenanted witha small band of Free TradeWW the"2ls mt" life is proved a fallacious illusioiir"V memThe latter declined the honor immediately, ber of Professor Hayden?s scientifiejexplor-in- g expedition announces that it teems with the former, with an evident hankering after the post of standard-beareintimated that animal life. The Dead Sea of the east, and the Democratic convention at Baltimore its counterpart in the west, it appears, have must speak before he would listen. The both been misrepresented. nominating body was respectable but not The Jesuits have been deprived of all rights of citizenship in Prussia by recent strong enough. m ' life-destroyi- ng " r, Two terrible disasters have occurred on this continent since the last issue of the Exponent. A steamboat explosionjon the numan lississippiriverhurledlhirty-fiv- e a into and accident railroad beings eternity; in Canada bruised, battered and butchered sixty-fiv- e more, of whom over thirty died, most of them in horrible agony. A weak boiler, or a defective rail, and nobody to Maine, is the usual verdict; while death in horrid form mocks at the advances of science as recklessness disregards or defies them. Published dispatches last week accused Mrs. Emily Pitts Stevens of drawing a pistol on a gentleman at an Suffrage San in and Francisco; meeting subsequently stated that she had published a card denying the allegation. While regretting that the agitation and discussion of so important a subject is not conducted with less acrimony and more courteous good feeling on both sides, we awai t a more lengthened statement of the affair in the next number of the ('Pioneer," of which Mrs. Stevens is editor, before accepting as correct that which has been telegraphed concerning it To tempt a woman to evil and then seek a divorce because she has fallen before the temptation, has been the cowardly and criminal course pursued by more husbands than court records have shown. But a late decision on the matter will mar its futuro suit for divorce was recently efficacy. tried in London beforo Lord Penzance, when the woman showed that she had been led into evil through the plots of an agent of her husband. Lord Penzance ruled that the husband was responsible for the acts of his agent, and refused the divorce. A wise and statutory enactment, There is a bitter struggle going on in Germany between church and state, the government proving itselfthe stronger by the passage of this statute. Bismarck is determined that no ecclesiastical authority shall successfully lift itself against the secular government, and in this he is sustained by the "Old Catholic" party which does not accept the dogma of infallibility. He sees that the Jesuits are insinuating and aggressive, yet he gives them strength by the very act which deprives them of citizenship; for when men are thus punished for simply belonging to a religious order, sympathy is evoked in their behalf and their logic becomes irresistable when their opponents thus admit their inability t. to meet it by The following communication , was received and read at the National Republican Convention on June 6th, as appears by the minutes of that day's proceedings: No. 333 Walnustreet, 6th month, 5th, 1872. Dear Friend: I am assured that over sixty of the ablest women of the land are ready to take the field for the Republican party if the Convention now in session will adopt some plank that will even allow them this opportunity as honest, serious workers for human rights. Below you will find a copy of tho plank, , which, if adopted, will be the occasion of an enthusiasm only equalled by that of 1856 for Fremont. 7 Very respectfully, upright Judge I the women of this nation, one-hathe entire people, I ask 5ou to put a plank in your platform that shall assert the duty of the National Government to protect women citizens in the exercise of their right to voter and thereby make it possible for. women to advocate the possessed of true claims of the Republican party to the suffrages of the people. ; anti-Woma- n's counter-argumen- - E. M.Davis. , To Robert Purvis, Delegate to the Republif can Convention. Headquarters Woman's Suffrago Delegates, No. 333 Walnut street, .Philadelphia, June 5th, 1872. To the National Republican Convention Gentlemen: In behalf of lf Tennie Claflin has gained the n coveted position, and is now a Colonel. She was elected to that position by a colored regiment of New York. There have been women who have led armed men to conflict and victory, as did Boadicea the ancient Britons and Joan of Arc tho dispirited French; but they were moved to action by other impulses than a morbid passion Respectfully, . Sea an B. Antohny. C. for notoriety. Tennie Claflin is a sad President National Woman's Suffrage ' woman a talented of spectacle setting mod C. full-blow- self-respe- ct - 4 - 