WO MA N'S-'E- 32 TASTE. JJ P.O N E N T. WALLACE of confec Thnt faculty which enables JlasJhoJj&tUMgefLar us to perceive and enjoy the beautiful, ex tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies eellent, or elegant, in nature and art, cannot person aviio to purchase. be too carefully cultivated. is entirely unacquainted Avith Mature, can & PATTERSON, ,t not be a person of good taste, not knowing QAMPBELL whether the production of art resembles Dealers in Books, Stationery and. Newspapers, r is AhU Nature or not j and unless knowledge East Temple St., Salt Lako City, Utah. no satisfac-real possessed to some extent, rders from the country Elicited. : tiViian4cewived4roni the mutative arts. Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. - A Hvely imagination lear iind distinct-aGeneral Agents for Woman's Exponint. preciation of things, good sense, and Jhe love of virtue, delicacy and correctness are some of the features to be gained, before W. II. GKOVES, beauty, sublimity, harmony, sweetness and DENTIST, all those characteristics: which speak such Office Second South Street, Three doors west of volumes of rapturous delight to the educated Great Western Motel, half a block east of Elephant appreciated. More, salt Jake uity eye and ear, can be received or Office Uoursfruiu 9 aaiulo 5 p.m It is said, and is undoubtedly- - correct Tin-gcrerai sense, mat uieiouei oi a latiy drxis ABIES BAZAIl. hef taste; that finfy-sensiti- ve a WOMAN'S EXPONENT. LADIES' JOURNAL A UTAH The women of Utah occupya position which attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and women everywhere. They are engaged in the prac tical solution of some of tho greatest social and moral problems of the age and a powerful interest is manifested throughout the United States, and, it may be said, the entire civilized world, to learn from reliablo sources the views honestly entertained : by them zonz to-d- ay - p -- : these questions. - r h v -- -- They have been grossly misieprosented-- through the presiTlby active enemies who permit no opportu nity to pass of maligning and slandering them; and with but limited opportunity of appealing jto tho nnd candor of their fello w countrymen and countrywomen in reply. -- ai ie-toke- ns without jjwtentation.jjiAJffiarfc MRS. WILKIX.SOX to wear many brigh t, glar i ng colors, a flaunte hat covered Fashioxabe Milliner axd Dressmaker. ing, red, yellow, or. sky-blu- ; ribbonSjrasjnuch Jewelry ascaitbe With loaded on, gives evidence of an uncultivated mind and taste. A waist too small for the natural proportions of the body is styled the worst possible deformity, jmu must be the workings of a narrow, unexpanding mind and "bad taste, if produced by sinning against the laws of nature by tight lacing. Pkksidext Grant is an L. L. V. Har- vard conferred the parchment."" z; Hetail Warranted to be Better than the Best Dky Goods Defaiitment. We are constantly in the receipt of all Seasonable, rasbionablcv I)ress Goods, Suitable for the great va- SALT LAKE" GLOVES. uf the day, yet the grand staples, such as Domestics, Checks, Stripes, Denims, etc., are offered at the low, V i II. bTcLAWSON, Sup't. JAMES Go to Taylor & Cutler's for Dress Goods, Notions, eto. Also tho Cheapest Store for Family Groceries in town. Call and see. - - - 3IAC1HNES. Stitch Alike on Both Sides. The Lightest Running ' 7 . .' ng CO-bi'LIU- Tl - ive SHUTTLE MACHINE C self-sacrifici- - 1 yEED SEWING Tho aim of this journal will be to discuss every subject interesting and valuable to women. It will contain a brief and graphic summary of current news IKirtcd, and Give Ample Satisfaction. local and general, household hinU, educational maU ters, articles on health and dress, correspondence, BONESET PILLS. Purely vegetable. Thev editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its cleanse and purify the blood, stomach and towels. columns and miscellaneous : reading. J Act powerfully upon the liver, kidnevs and urinarv organsr Break up fevers, strengthen digestion' and It will aim to defend the right, inculcate sound tne of hue to health facei emaciatcdVAre rosy bring principleSyj&nd disseminate useful knowledge. tonic, cathartic, stimulant, - and' soothe, bvr removinga tne cause of disease. Are safe and harmless in all Utah, in its Female Belief Societies, has the best cases where cathartics are required, for either sex. for organized benevolent institution of the age; yet, but labors of these young or old. Try them fairly, and you will never little is known of the use any more imported puis. Price 25 cents. Societies. In Woman's ExroNiNT a department will be devoted to reports of their meetings and other, EYE BALSAM. For dimness of vision, weak or matters of interest connected with their workings; drooping eyelids, inflamed eyes, old ulcers, sores, and to this end the Presidents and Secretaries of the ringworm, tetters, tracked or sore lips, hands, etc various Societies throughout the Territory are rerncezo cents. quested to furnish communications which will receive 7 due attention. C02SKLIN SALVE. For pains or weakness in the side, back, breast, or other parts of the system, iliss Eliza R Snow, President of the entire Female cuts, wounds, sores, etc Price 25 cents. Relief Societies, cordially approves of the journal. ESSENCE OF LIFE cures cholera. dknW and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from summer complaints, coughs, cholics, toothache, and her numerous duties. many other ills. "Price 60 cents. "Woman's Eiponjsnt will be published . semi These medicines are for sale, wholesale and at retail, monthly, each number containing eight pages, quarto. The following low rates will place it within the ZIO'S reach of all, and the hope is that it mav ba made io VE DKLG STOJtE, valuable that it will bo found in everv fkrailv in Salt Lake City, and at most of the stores Utah. throughout the Territory. - Children Hosiery, Shoes, and Gloves, a specialty. While we carry a line stock of the elegant fabrics est possible figure, Ini- - w riety of our Patrons. AVe continue to manufacture th e Celebrated ' ' ' I. 31. ( J Wholesale and Retail Dealer in Millinerv. Straw "Who aro so well able to speak for the women of Goods, and all kinds of fancy and Staple Dry Goods. ' It is bet Sole agent for the Territory for M'me Demorest's Utah as the women of Utah themsehes ? reliable paper patterns. Orders from the country so- ter to represent ourselves than to be misrepresented ;-; licited ; patterns sent by mail. Removed to the new by others I" Jt-;;Establishment, 1st South St, next door west of Z. C. M. I. Wholesale Dry Goods Department. For these reasons, and that women may help each other by the diffusion of knowledge and information JOHNSON'S possessed by many and suitable to all, the publication of Woman's Exponent, a journal owned by, controlled by and edited by Utah ladief, has betn HOMEMADE FAMILY MEDICINES I r;... commenced. In the "World. -TE- If not kept in y our stores, ask your merchants to send for them. taking apart to Oil or Clean it. Send for Circular to 07 Kimball Block, Salt Lake stores' throughout the Territorv fur. IRA TJFUUTZ, Ag'L , City. nished on commission, or sold at rates advantageous .. .. a 10 purcnasers. ? rr RMS.-IriclIvTh-A,Tvr.rA! Cvvv one voar. W Cvvies vn9 year, 1 . ftl lUO lij Cvi-ie- s six month?. .00 Co-operat- No subscription received for less than six xnonthi. It i3 earnestly desired that the Bishops.Tresidents ltelicf Societies and others interested in & AGENTS are- - authorized kintL-withis workof interest thcmselTPJi irrWf fnfr-I would advbo thq Ladies who want to buy lin vvuv- u uui. fco causiacuon, and up clubs; ten copies for the price of nine. Parlor and Sets of furniture to call and distribute to the poor needing the pills at expense of inc proprietor examine tho immense stock kept by.'iL.A of amount disposed of. Address all communications an A enisnfir.Ti Publishers Woman's ExroNiNT, Salt Lake City! From tho Laboratory of IL DINWOODEY, Utah.At No. CI, Ea.t Temple Street, and No. First J. K. JOHNSON, ; South Street. s . -- jpuiiNisimromi,ii(ixi lc ll Bed-roo- . m one-twelf- th - 7-- St. George, Utah. ' ,: 