self of everything but her chemise, and feet and compressed covering of her feet heat of the head t hands; the unhealthy bravely nlunsred into the water. In the and '' " "J ; TiiE areaTimit to organ- meantime a crowd of oeonle irathered on consequent on the manner in which custom ize a Grant and Wilson Club. the beach with ropes, etc., but none were requires her to collect her hair into at wacl ' Mrs. Greeley!;; said to be unable; to' walk, lK)Id enough to swim out. This, however, of padding at the base of the brain; the and is in such poor health as. Jo ;:;gi,ve Gree- - Annie Lord did, and soon reached Miss clasn of a, rack of steel find w halebone about Fremlin, w ho by this tiihe had been carried all the vital organsofthe body: the straight- ioy great anxiety about her. Mils. Sfowo is announced for public read some distance out, and was perfectly help- jacket snap with "which the' seams of her ings at Aew Haven in the Fall. She is less, although her companion, whom .she dress meet about her shoulders, arms and spending tlio Summer at Hampton Beach. had endeavored to save, had by this ; time chest; the results inevitable upou making Tiieke are six ordained female pastors in struggled to shallow water. Grasping Miss the hips the pivot upon which her heavy the "Uniyorsallst Church in the" United Fremlin by her hair, Annie Lord supported clothing is hung, and the fulcrum upon States.--Th- is is the only church where wo her, and swam, pushing the drowning lady which all the motion of her bod y must before her towardsthe shore, but Miss swing when walking if, indeed, we apply men are admitted to ordination. Fremlin was quite ' insensible, and but for that term to the infontile toddle to which woBr a new lawmarried women the heroic perseverance of the young wo- men are driven to cet about- tha world: may purchase man, Annie Lord, must have inevitably above all, the unreasonable and 'cruel custom without the consent of their husbands, and been drowned. The other lady, too, was which compels her to drop heavy skirts the contract will be binding. about her lower limbf andtlbet, ;t,hus en- happily saved. Xi Mrs. o f neoln,t tip vyid wif t he Prei id eht, dangering her J life on all wcasions, Jier has presented to the State of Illinois" a"" Very &73IIEAB ITIESr health on any but a, dry, summer day, and vaiuawe oil portrait of the. lute Colonel E. her forever; whimrive consider D.Baker, a favorite son of Illinois hen ouito SounefI remember reading a; tho7 extent to WMcli ijAL ilv no one Gordon is- - niaking storj of some physicians, who experimented tions of a woman deprivo her of the open famous in tlie East as an earnest and on a young man, to' ascertain if it were pos air, of exercise, of change of scene, of : acllcafler -- for the" cause of Unmnn sible to frighten a person into a disease, of quaintance with the world: of the extent to which no symptoms ereanifestrbVinak which Bights. threyoirepte Some Detroit, women, of the practical ing him belieye that he had taken the dis varieties of sedentary disease; when we conWas likely to die in consequence. sider the unlimited influence of the mind missionarytampjately visiteder a sick and ease and made a joke of tho experiment, car upon the .widowed neighborrhinglett-hihouse, They ried it a erood way. and the poor bov was the brooding morbidness planked her suffering picketed her fence, a fit into scared of while one which the so lives women actually room gickness, of and papered two, and split painted largely induce a In of and piled a load of slab wood. in them shall we find it a matter of surstate, physically, perfect health. while reading some articles, this prise that women as a race are diseased and "IIkxkiktta said a landlady to her was brought to my mind,and feeble, and are bestowing, upon the world new girl, "when there's bid news,' particu-larl- y little anecdote I mentally compared our MouId-b- e pliysi- - a future legacy of diseased and feeble chilprivate afllietions, always let the boardcians, the moral , highminded (!) people of dren? Shall we wrap this ruined creature ers know it before dinner. It seem the day, to those experimentists. We are, may away in a shawl to die, and say with sorstrange to you, Henrietta, but such 'things iira wortl .all nghtbuttheseQTracksnvould rowful assurance: "Behold woman as God make a great difference in the eatiw in the to frighten us into hysterics over our like course of a year." situation,and make us believe we are crushd, Woman as God made her! As man and A MAK kiki woman . of the Shawnee trampled on. benicrhted, and about to die. the devil and her own cowardice have made Indians made this beautiful reply to a man One of them, (a lady editor,) says in an , art- her! God never made such women as are whom she met in the woods, and who im- icle headed "The wolf in sheep's clothing," cradling the next generation in this land toplored her to love and look on him: "Old "Monnon women are powerless to help them- day. Side by side with "female illiteracy" selves out of their Church ; it is sad to say female feebleness is man, my husband, who is forever before a race among my hinders me eyes, that some of them are so blinded by ignor- us. Neglected brainsrunping front seeing you, or any and tortured bodies " Other person." ance and bigotry as to consider that they are are working their own way upon our actual serving God by suffering daily in this state and possible mothers. Thoughtful physicians An unhappy citizen of Cleveland, was ; but even those who are en- are perplexed and alarmed. We are a entrusted by his wife with the fol- of dowed with a hi srher order of intelhVpnop. beautiful, useful and elevated order of ani lowing message to hsr ri Jier dear, that if she thinks it w ould look and who' would Jiail freedom from polygamy, mals; the world has done the right thing by better with ten bias flounces without puff-l-n as did the Southern slave the emancipation us: it stalled and fed us: it has netted and dare not lift up their voices praised, us; who can complain? Elizabeth taml plaited below the equator, proclamation, : incubus which is weighing Stuart Phelps. against this which should be d up them down to servitude and degradation. and down the seams, with a i gudgeons stitch gusset THE GARDENFOIt WOMEN. JxJtvvyen, she can make it up in that way in- Let every reformer ' north, south, east and stead of fluting the bobinette insertion, and There is nothing better, says the Ohio - niecino come to rescue the of these west, Mormon rnf wifli I'v'i ...i nil t!..u us ti silff- - women, and hurl this Goliah to the earth." "Farmer," for wives and daughters physV P gested yesterday." ically than to have the care of a garden; a Now, if we could only be brought to con- flower-po- t if nothing more. What is more A. a under HEitoiXE.TheIioyal Humane sider that we are laboring terrible than to spend a portion of every day Society has awarded its medal, with suita- "incubus, which is " weighing us down to pleasant in : working among plants and ble testimonials, to a named servitude and degradation;" as the strong, growth of shrubs and trees andwatching the young woman, herbage, and the dauiter of a bathing r Annie Lord, boy was made "to: see Tthat hls fece to observe the heathy opening of flowers, from at Lynmouth, Devonshire, who, at was spotted and swollen, his red and eyes" to week . as the season advances? week, ! the imminent risk of her own life saved a dilated with spotted fever, what Ji, grand Then how much it adds to the enjoyment to young lady, named Fremlin from drowning. terminus for the experiments of our would-b- e know that The circumstances, as your own hands have planted and elicited by , the Comphysicians! '"Ye Doctors, heal tilled them and 'have pruned and trained mittee oftho Society,- were '" ' ' : ;' as follows: Q4 briefly them. This is a pleasure that' requires Miss Fremlin, accomianied by another neither great riches nor profound knowWHY WOMEN" ARE WEAK. ledge. The wife or daughter, who loves bathe. The sea was very rough at the time, ana woma seek ever to make it the of the tide, and When we consider what an intricate svstom uuine, lt?sJut:lftept,Icrl,ni best place for husband or brother, is willing Mi was struck companion to a defiance bf nhvsiolop-iVnall known by Uwk to forego some" gossiping wave and carried out of her morning" calls for Miss a woman's dress has become; depth. the sake of having leisure for the cultivathetenderage Iremlin immediately hastened to herasist- - at which this defiance begins, and tho re- tion of plants; shrubs and flowers. : The "'" Wl.s 'H'rsclf swept out to sea, and lentless pressure of it unon the formnfivn ! was in imminent which women personally derive danger of drowning, as no and the.recuperative energies of the consti- from stirring the soil and snuffihIlhFmorl- the murderous thinness and scantitution; air are freshness and beauty of. cheek ing ,Htioiv wa witnessed by thebath- - ness of her underdress; the effect of abthe and wno snouted for brightness of eye, cheerfulness . of pUM.MHuou, assistance, sence of flannels, and the custom of barin temper, vigor of mind, and purity of heart. r'Vi-hwas in a cottage the neck and the 'tisarms, upon sensitive hermother rries-f- or Consequently she is more - cheerful u and ' help, sues of the lungs and heart;-thcheck to all lovely as a daughter, more dignified - and even circulation of the Mrwvi as a undresd herself as she ran, divesting her- - condition of and more attractive and the skin inflicted by the imper- - womanly as a sister, . .. wife. confiding ABOUT WOMEN: , Jaclies'-of-tVlban- . ,.,,,., ,, H i , ' "'"'i rm "a X . ;. . -- ; lvanla - -- sewing-machin- es v"'fe: : . 4 self-relian- ce . l?i: K side-wal- and-acut- k, e - To-da- y, -- re-cen- tly polj-gam- y hem-stitche- . -- j Yvo -- attendant . yonr-selves- - ' ; . , !" " ; , -- i - T ; r advantages T - o 