WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 112 ST QAMPBELL PRIZE- - PATTERSON, TJealerinrookfStationeryndr-Newspapers- y East Temple St, Sa.lt Lake City, Utah. r. Should bo in every house! MACHINE! Orders from the country solicited. The SINGER SEWING as well as and delicate elegant, Will do the most Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. the strongest or plainest, Eewing, in a style unGeneral Agents for Woman's Exponent. the first other Machine- - Keceived 1&SL. equalled by anyTonlfArial ItS "Pair Sn Oftohftr Embroidery attachment is an object of general ad miration. More of the Singer are sold than of any other .Machine. Call and see tnem at tne Dinger Machine Department, two doars south of Eagle Emporium, Salt .Lake Uity. Z. C. M. I. General Agents. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. . oK OPECIAL TO THE LADIES. 0 We would respectfully call your attention to the JOHNSON'S ":iacVthat'.wa hate, onis of the Largest and best Stocks. also Capes and Collar (separate), that will be found to-d- ay - ;: questions;-?--''- ' v. 77 ' :,. J':' They have been grossly HTs7epfeseri no opportu thepress7 by active en to and slandering them ; and nity pass with but limited opportunity of appealing to the intelligence and candor of their fello w countrymen and t countrywomen in reply. . Warranted to be Better than the Best Im Also a large assortment of Fine Shoes in this City. The women of Utah occupy a position which attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and women every where. They are engaged in the practical solution of some of the greatest social and moral problems of the age, and a powerful interest is manifested throughout the United States, and, it may be sard, the entire civilized world, to learn from reliable sources the views honestly entertained by them on i these' of Ladies', Misses' and Children's FUE3 in Sets, as . JOURNAL LADIES A UTAH ported, and Give Ample Satisfaction;- of Philadelphia und California make. BONESET PILLS. They Who arc so welLable to speak for the women of Utah as the women of Utah themselves ? "It is bet Act powerfully upon the liver, kidneys and urinary ter to represent qurselves than to be misrepresented pnCe' organs. Break up fevers, strengthen digestion and by others!" DUNFOIiD & SONS, bring the rosy hue of health to face? emaciated. Are Salt Lake City. tonic, cathartic, stimulant, and soothe, by removing For that women may help each the cause of disease. Are safa and harmless in all diffusion of knowledge and information other by the cases where cathartics are required, for either sex, for and suitable, to all, the publica possessed by many young or old.- - Try them fairly, and you will never tion of Woman's Exponent, a journal owned by, use any more imported pills. Price 25 cent. DR. W. II. GROVES, controlled by and edited by Utah ladies, has been DENTIST, " EYE BALSAM. For dimness c( vision, weak or commenced. Office Second South Street. Three doors west of Great Western Hotel, half a block east of Elephant drooping eyelids, inflamed eyes, old ulcers, sores. City Store, The aim of this journal will be to discuss every ringworm, tetters, cracked or sore lips,, hands, etc. - Salt Lake to Office Hours from 9 Price 25 cents. subject interesting and valuable to women. It will contain a brief and graphic summary of current news COXKLI1TFALVE. For pins or weakness in local and'general, household hints, educational matII03IES. YOUR the side, back, breast, or other part of the system, BURNISH ters, artic I es on health and drcscorrespondcnce, cuts, wounds, sores, etc. Price 25 cents. editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its I would advise the Ladies who want to buy fin ESSENCE OF LIFE cures cholera, diarrhea, columns and miscellaneous reading. Sets of furnitiire to call and summer, Parlor and complaints, coughs, cholics, toothache, and -examine the immense stock kept by It will aim to defend the right, Inculcate sound many other illsrr Price 50 cents. and disseminata useful knowledge. These medicines are for sale, wholesale and retail, at principles II. DINWOODEY, Purely vegetable. The above goods we will sell at the lowest possible cleanse and purify the blood, stomach and bowels. these-rea8ons,-H- a-- Bed-roo- nd i-- m -- At! No. 31, East Temple Street, and No. 75, First South Street. - ZIOX'S Utah, in its female Kelief Societies, has the best organized benevolent institution of the age ; yet, but stores little is known of the labors of these DltJt'G STORE, Salt Lake City, and at most of the In Woman's Exponent a department Societies. throughout the Territory. to reports of their meetings and other-matte- rs If not kept in your Etores, ask your merchants to will belevoted m. i. of interest connected with-the- ir workings ; send for them. of the Secretaries and Presidents and to this end the stores throughout the Territory fur- various Societies , throughout the Territory are reRetail Dry Goods Department. nished on commission, or sold at rates advantageous quested to furnish communications which will receive due attention. to purchasers. Miss Eliza K Snow, President of the entire Female AGENTS are authorized to refund the money, Belief Societies, cordially approves of the journal, We are constantly in the receipt of all Seasonable, Lwhere the medicines do not give satisfaction, and and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from distribute to the poor needing the pills at expense of her numerous duties. -- of amount -Fashionable, Dress Goods, Suitable for the great va- the proprietor disposed -- of. Woman's Exponent will be published semiFrom the Laboratory of monthly, each number containing eight pages, quarto. riety of our Patrons. J. E. JOHNSON, The following low rates will place it within the reach of all, and the hope is that it may be made bq St. George, Utah. valuable that JV will be found ia every family in We Continue to manufacture the Celebrated ; , Utah. - ive self-sacrifici- ng .Co-operati- ve one-twelf- th 1 Sw Checks," Stripes, Denim?, etc., are offered at the low est possible Ggure. II. B. CLAWSON, Sup't. : 1 Copy ax months, 10 Copies six months, $1.00 tf.00 of-Fem- ale While we carry a fine stock of the elegant fabrics : $2.00 1&00 No subscription received for less than six months. It is earnestly desired that the Bishops, Presidents Kelief Societies and others interested in a work of this kind, will interest themselves in getting up clubs; ten copies for the price of nine. Children's Hosiery, Shoes, and Glove?, a e pecfalty. of the day, yet the grand staples, such as Domestics, TER5IS, Strictly in .Advance Copy one year, 10 Copies one year, SALT LAKE GLOVES. H. Address all communications and subscriptions, Publishers' Woman's Exponent, Salt Lake City, WrALLACE :IIas tho best, largest and purest sl.ck of confectionary in JSalt Lake city. Jujt the place for Jadies ' to purchase. : . . Utah. . - -.- . , 