Woman's exponent. 61 SUS polk D.S: Prince Humbert, fnu- -: WALLACE LOVE. Has the best, largett and purest stock of confec COllsillWifC Of TVrnrfriiPrHo. the place for ladies in of Italy, does not believe tionary Salt Lake city. Just '' in love for persons of her condition. She to purchase. , s.iifl to have remarked not sentimentally & PATTERSON, but with the common sense air of a woman pAMPBELL of her century, "There is no sucn emouou ers Jn Bookf, Stationery and Newspapers, " : Jind'her 4 cousin-conso- rt was merely one of State poll- . Iwe f vraera irom an not country soiicueu. is agreePrince ,.v nnd although the -- Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. llilo husband, but sullen? and very often re- General Agents for Womab's Exponent. reproachful." and the Princess sometimes iu tunsents his v-rude snubs,: sue-- yet seems - i !:r..',ui, - fill P .; n rr ntif nf nl to her ) W-- H. GROVES, kid Ma DENTIST, lord, and to lurtner tne liege arrogant ot x Kor mvir health, f Office Second South Street. Three doors-w- est Vblock east lmeresi evyix a Western Great of half Hotel, , V; Elephant liut tnernnce is Office Hours from 9 a.ra. to 5 p.m. nrl nm table' at his' presence,' no mat- j-:-- .... " rru ,olTi UntivPPii Tipr EXPONENT. WOMAN' i A UTAil I LAD1E.S JOUKNAU . , . . K - , W nf ...I - , antl SUllL'U ilU l,nw inrnniflPI-:lTbeen .during the day. .. It is a fine thing forX3NISHUB ttDMEa ' JU Maras does to believe women so situated .';I would advise the Ladies who want to buy line guerite of Savoy. Sets of furniture to call and Parlor and OF A T MoTHEK. By the Ptti VHrrrr miiet fireside of home, the true mother, in examine the immense stock kept by H." DINWOODE Y, the midst of her ehildrenis sowing, as iu lltWS - - . . Bed-roo- sofMrtiirtheieedsqf-plant- hat s9me" d At JSot m Street, and No. 75, First East Temple timeslriveTto heaven the fragrance pf their South Street. blossoms,- and whose fruit shall be as a mi irv nf hrWIfo deeds, throusrh the ever ascendincf and expanding souls of her chil JOHNSON'S she word that dren, to her Maker. Every a power with to heart "utters goes from heart HOMEMADE FAMILY MEDICINES of which she little areams. rnnosopners ; 31, their speculations, that we cannot lift our: finger without moving the distant nhere. Solemn is the thoucrht, but not more solemn to the mother than the thought that every word that; falls -- from her lips, everv expression of her countenance,' even in the sheltered walk and retirement of home, may leave an indelible impression on young souls around her, and form, as it were, an underlying strain' of that education : I 1 which peoples heaven. ... -- ' :;: L-.- . Theyfhave the press, by aciive enemieswho perniitno opportu nity to pass of maligning and slandering them ; and with but limited opportunity of appealing "to the intelligence and candor of their fellow countrymen and countrywomen 1 rrreply Wharor8 welt able to ypeakfor the women of Utah as the women of Utah themsehes ? It is bet- er to represent ourselves than to be misrepresented I'V.'v!':,.:-...'by others l' For these reasons, and that women may help each ! t tell iw. in Tlie women of Utah today occupy a position whieh attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and women everywhere. They are engaged in the prac tical solution of some of the greatest social and moral proUems of the age, and a powerful interest is manifested throughout the United States, and, it may be said, the entire civilized world, to learn from reliable sources the views honestly entertained .by. them on. , tV; these questions. Warranted to be Better than the Best Im other by the diffusion of knowledge and information possessed by many and.suitable to all, the publica- ion of Exponent, a journal owned by, controlled by and edited by Utah ladies, has been ' t commenced. W-oman'-s - ported, and Give Ample Satisfaction. The aim of this journal will be to discuss every BONESET PILLS. Putfely vegetable. They cleanse and purify the blood, stomach and bowels Act powerfully upon the liver, kidneys and urinary organs. : Break up fevrs, strengthen digestion and bring the rosy hue of health to faces emaciated. Are subject interesting and valuable to women." It will contain a brief and graphic summary of current news local and general, household hints, educational matters, articles on health and dres?, correspondence, editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its ' columns and miscellaneous reading. wuro wmaruw wo luCr eei, lor principles7and"dioseinnat9 useful knowledge. , uircu. Trv them fairlv. and vou will never and Ueneral uonierenee, one 01 we largest assort qse imported pills. Price 25 cents. Utah, in its Female Belief Societies, has the best JV organized benevolent institution of the age; ye but WM - "v J BYJI B AXSA1I, For dimness of vision, weaker little is known .of. the labors of theso Territory, including Ladies' books on Physiology, drooping eyelids, inflamed eyes, old ulcers, sores, Societies- .- In Woman's Ecpokekt a department t" S?-!.??4?P ? will be devoted to reports of their meetings and other theTrainiDg matters of interest connected with their workings works in great variety; Albums; All the late ilaga-zine- a, to this end the Presidents and Secretaries of thtt COWKLIN SALVE. For weakness or in pains and Toys, Stationery,"papers periodicals; various Societies throughout the Territory are rethe side, back, breast, or other parts ox the system, receive quested to furnish communications which will Presents, Sunday School rewards, eta, etc. cuts, wounds, sores, etc Price 25 cents. ' ' . due attention. ' : JAMES DWYEK. 11 .Miss Female-BelieEliza Snow, President of the entire ESSENCE OF LIFE cures cholera, diarrhea, Societies, cordially approves of , tne jourri&J, summer complaints, coughs, cholics, toothache, and G. 31. I. will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from ' and many other ills, Price 10 cents. i ' . . her numerous duties. . . , : DzrABTiiE Goods t. P57AXL Dhy These medicines are for 6ale, wholesale and retail, at "Woman' s Exponent will bo published t I will receive, in time Tor the Territorial - . , rair- . vounsr or old. - --I- self-sacrificin- g, ?.'J:lf, ? and - ;. f . . , vLJWe &re const&nUy & the receipt of all Seasonable,; JTa&hienabie, Press Goods, Suitable for the great va ' i riety of our Patrons. We continue to manufacture the Celebrated I -t- t- SALT-LAKIGLO- VI Children's Hosiery, Shoo3, and Gloves, a specialty. While wo carry a fine stock of the elegant fabrics of the day, yet the grand , staples-- Euch as Domestics, Checks, Stripes, Denims, eta, are offered at the low" " ; est possible figure. , ; II. bTclAW80N,: b'up't. emi-month- ly. each number containing eight pages, 4uarto;. - ZIOK The following low; rate3 will place it within thi VE DRUG STOUE, reach of all, and the hope is that it may be made so Salt Lake City, and at most of the stores valuable that it will be found in every family in : ( "... utan. ... , throughout the Territory, .; - CO-pPEB- ive s , - IfBOt kept-ino- ur send for. them. stores,- - ask-yo- ur TERMS, Strictly in Advance merchants-t- o 10 Coi-ie- s one year, " lS.OO ;,-- " ?- : 10 Coi-ie- s S1.00 fix tnnnfha. eix monthsT : o.oo stores throughout the Territory furNo subscription received for less than six months. nished on commission, or sold at ates advantageous It is earnestly desired that the Bishops, Presidents . to purchasers. . of Female Relief Societies and others interested in a AGENTS are authorized to refund the money, work of this kind, will interest themselves in getting where the medicines do not give satisfaction, and up clubs ; ten copies for therprico of nine, ; t t distribute to the poor needing the pills at expense of .1 the proprietor of amount disposed of. Address all communications and subscriDtionSr Publishers AVoman's Exponent, Salt Lake City, ' " " From the Laboratory of - i ' Tti. . ' UWUi Co-operat- ive - - pne-twelf- th JADIES ! Go to Taylor & Cutler's for Dress Goods, Notions, etc Also the Cheapest Store for Family Groceries in town. Gall and see. - --- -- - - J. JOHNSON, St, George, Utah. . 1- - - , 