WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 78 GRAINS OF GOLD. LINES. PrBLimED BY BEQUEST. Love is to the moral nature what the sun I wish that dear word, so expressive and is to the earth. Balzac. so real in its beautiful significance, was not i ; so ills of One of the best remedies for the much abused by praters who do not un- : Sister give thy baby up It is thy Fathers wiU: ... .The little time be stayed with jou A mission 'twas to fill. life is to have so much noble occupation as to forget them. One may live as a eonquerer, a king, or a magistrate; but he must die as a man no discount on that. Base all your actions upon a principle of i ' "'L- . He was a little angel sent, From fairer worlds on high, To ta e a body here on earth The laws of life to try. LOVE. - " ' :: ' derstand, or else do not stop to consider its true meaning and worth. It is always annoying tp, me to hear - love spoken of in a trifling .and heartless manner by the un- thinking or vicious. Why should they eros- sip antTlaugh overa theme so holy! A erreat. fine, noble looking man a bachelor whosa- very smile bore indications of disappointed Butnowitis the Savior calls The ittlestiffererhomp; hopes, decided once that love, likej wine, .;. r should we had become so much adulterated that th'ero" mourn to ly him down "Why When he his work hath done? remained nothing genuine about it. It would have sounded more philosophical, ' ' Our Father we now dedicate : victory. he said that love, like woman, xThis baby unto Tto we be wo are often Mex of to still claim May capable greater things had been underestimated so much and so thy Him in eternity. than they perform; they are sent into the long that its real value was now if Maxi ut A. Wihte. world with bills of credit, and seldom draw ever ascertained and appreciated. rarely, The fact to their full extent. W?CIIEI1 X wStAN SUFFRAGE. that man v people who make and sell wines The following sentiment, given at a rail- - for the sake of the profits they realize froiri We can see no necessity for going back way festivaL showslhe heart of a true man: so doingare not honest enough to care anyto "an ancient Semitic iiation and a king "Uur mothers the only faithful tenders thing abut the ouality of the liouor pro wnonaa seven hundfed wives," to deterwho never misplace a switch." duced, only as its price is affected, is no mine the question of woman's rig Courage and modesty are virtues which proof that if a man grows grapes and makes some men of the present age, good, noble, every sort of society reveres, because thev his own wine, he cannot have it as ours nonesr, .temperate and intelligent men, are virtues which cannot be counterfeited; and sweet as if there were no such thinsr. in with two, five or ten wives each, and they also existence as adulterated wine. And because they are known by the same hue. will answer that woman should-nobe we do not find the world full of love like only cool and True calm. is The courage but should be granted suffrage free to avail that of is no sign that it has ceased to herself of every advantage which men have bravest of men have the least- - of brutal. exist inhome, its true, native,guileless state. MTrue for gaining useful knowledge7 "One of their bullying insolence, and in the very time of love seeks the happiness and welfare of its danger are found the most serene and free. mottoesJs educate themothers, It is a pitiable heart that has only children." The following ideas are sound The hardest thing in the world for a little object." room in it. for one individual, or even a and correct, and it is a pity that all men do man to learn is that people don't give them small circle of near friends and relatives. not think with Beecher on the subject in selves the trouble to think abou this littleness. The lover of mankind labors for the cood of 'his is equally true in its moral application. question: the human family, and he will never be left' People fear the effect upon the family, if I feel that I am growing. old for want of without love, the purest and best, for it ujiich Miuum vote ana tnink. They think somebody to tell me that I am looking as reigns predominant in his own breast. v tha the tenderness and sweetness of the young as ever. falsehood ! There Charming L. .family relation has something to do with is a vast deal of vital air in loving words.1 weakness. It has much to do with fineness, Lander. The Philosophy of Rain. To under but not with weakness. It is not the fact of Those who retire from the world on ac stand the philosophy of this beautiful and woman's looking up to man that pleases count of its sins and peskiness, must not often sublime phenomenon, so often wit him it is that in her that looks We up. forget that they have yet to keep company nessed since the creation of the world, and know what Solomon said of woman without with a person .who wants just as much so essential to the verjexistericV-of-plant- s thought and without judgment, and he Watching as anybody else. and animals, a few facts derived from ob surely ought to know he had seven hunWhen a man thinks that nobody cares servation and a long train of experiments- dred wives. If the question of woman's for him, and that he is alone in a cold and must be remembered: is to be rights determined by quoting the selfish 1. Were the atmosphere every where atu he would do well to ask himworld, QhiTMtament,XiiaveJiuta self what he has done to make anybody care times ofa uniform temperature-Av- e should is the last question which to be de- for and to love him. And a woman never ought or have rain, has a hail, or snow. The wacided for us by an ancient Semitic nation absorbed ter to in do it the same. by evaporation from the and.a king who had seven hundred wives. perfect right sea and earth's would desppmi in surface, For your .own, as wTell as for your child A greaterfreedom, for woman will not unsex an imperceptible vapor, or cease to' be al- her. That is the verv fpnr ii v.n nri0i ren's sake, learn to speak low. They will soroea by the air When it was once fully rememoer tnat tone when your head is un als everywhere have and you laugh der the willows.' saturatea. So, too, will thev remem at them. Once, in Athens, no woman could 2. The absorbing power of the atmns- ber a harsh and angry tone. Which legacy learn- - literature, eloquence or philosophy will phere, arid consequently its capacity to re- you leave your children? unless she were a courtesan. The virtuous xo in . It is noble and a mother and wife were denied these refinejj.jnji uviiuiviy greater great thing to cover the warm than cold air. ments, this" knowledge, which wero thus blemishes and to excuse the faults and fail 3. The air near the surface', of. thn" onrfh .of a friend; to draw a curtain before made the insignia of unvirtue. Since ings is warmer than it is in the region of tho then, woman has steadily progressed and to display his perfections: to clouds. through the his stains, The we ascend from the centuries, until now she is a leader in litera- bury his weakness in silence, but to pro- - earth the colderhigher do we find the atmosphere. ture, foremost among artists. Has literaHence the is not work that kills men : it is worrv mountains inperpetual snow on very high ture, art and philosophy-mad- eIt her " less " fit the:hottest d for a wife and mother? Does it take Work is healthy: you can hardly put more away .Now, when, from continued ovnnnmfinn taste and destroy refinement to ponder upon a man than lie can bear. Worry is the-a- ir is r highly: saturated-wi- fh vnnAr deeply? Make mojhers more and you make rust upon the blade. It is not the revolube it invisible and the sky cloudless, their children more. You will not make tion that destroys the machinery, but the though its f is temperature suddenly reduced by them coarse by giving them power. Is God iricuon. ear secretes, acids; but love and cold currents descending from above, or coarse because he is infinite?. Thatwhich trust are sweet Beechea. juices. a from hierher to rushing the family needs more than anything else is . or work lFwe will upon it marble, rerish the motion of saturated air to a cooler by a higher state of we work upon brass,.time will effect it; if latitude, its if womanly development. ' ' capacity to retain moisture is we rear will crumble into dust; diminished, clouds are formed, and thn re xempies, tney A lady of San Francisco, named Mrs. but we if work the immortal upon if sult is rain. Air condenses as it cools, and, Chloc Shoreyis making a silk which we imbue them with principles, minds quilt, with t h a like a sponge filled with water and mm. is to contain upwards of 17,000 pieces. The ana fellow-me- n uoa ot our lear we enr pressed, pours out the water which its di- same lady won a prize at a State Fair in just on grave those, tabletssomething which will minished capacity cannot hold. Vermont for the superior beauty and artistic skill displayed in a quilt which contained upular, yet how simple, the philosophy of rain ! What Omniscience could have devised such wards of 2(),uOO pieces, someyearsago wlfen The - an admirable Woman's NTfiw House Vnrlin Qub AW a resident of that State. arrangement for watering the will be ready for occupancy this Winter. ' right; preserve yourrmtegnty-o- f character and in doing this never reckon the cost. The nerve which never relaxes, the eye which never blanches, the thought which never wanders these are the masters of , 1 : , . - - -- :. ' . . " -- - t ,, - . to-da- y, .....u., -- - . w ' 1 J 1 W 