' - . -.- ii ....,.M..,,.-flT..M-i,u-.swl3 i3 WOMAN'S EXPONENT, the Abrara Garber, of Virginia, died a ele of commerce. Apart from the fact that few days since of lockjaw, produced by a manufacture of silk Is a pleasant as well as sfl wound to one of h Is toes . . . . . .James profitable occupation, from the breeding and iht an is infant The coming musical prodigy Gordon Bennett leaves an ample fortune, sale of the eggs alone a handsome income can three years old, in New York, who sings entirely the results of his journalistic labors. be secured witli little trouble and less outlay. airs from the operas and plays the -- ...Taxation is avestige of civilization un- We do not design to elaborate on either topic; teachor practice mere xne iunas raisea A prayer known in Jiorocco. npjCtnlJe ing, apparently by Instinct os loaris,JT,ViProfl-Ringrof-Bcalled are before the public mind, for they have often been -meetinglwasi mammoth-ballo- on lite in Fand from-t- he ton, lo3es20,O00 dwelriirnnhrouglrthepress over the case of agister who had determined which detook fire spontaneously, and was and should be familiar to most of the stand, on wedding "a man. of sin." During the stroyed, on the 6th inst.... ..Mr. Georrwine, r ; meeting the sister arose, went out, and mar- of Louisville, a German G2 years of age, ac- readers of the Kxponknt. ried the fellow..... tit is reported; that more walked into a cistern and was of the population of Brooklyn cidentally than DANGEROUS EXCE&SES. medical A drowned...... history andsurgical are boarders, and more thai! one fourth of of the rebellion is soon to be completed and thousand houses are boarding its fifty-eigRevolutions are ever attended, by excesses.: Tne French band that came the lij i published houses. ... . .The Prime Minister from France to take part in the Jubilee, ar- No matter how wisely designed, or how well IslandhaFne on of the 7th. conducted, there are always found associated The proposed Rus rived at Bostonman the morning of negotiating a loan minds and in An Indiana lately obtained a divorce with them people of sian canal, intended to connect the Black Sea with the Caspian, is favored by the Gov from his ninth wife.. ....A Kentucky bull, temperate judgments who run not in extremes.: a4housand dollarsrand a locomotive There is a social revolution now in progress i n eminent. .....A combined purpose to put worth encounter recently. The hide and melni tedtates. senile ita an had dowjijajn sell for much...... Belladona in- - colors, and creeds, and both sexes, its progress "1heiKlice unci tallow didn't occuiiying under the skin oL thelarmssaved a to GovernmejatIofztliatrietroix)lis;7hefa- .' -suits to women. The mere recognition of a tie ther of James Fisk mav be met frequently , Vr, V r fiiwlimd taBr6adway,:NeY J ' w a uw rt nl trnnh o in nUlUUtUtlUUl v:i - . lTinn Wlin "" " . Linninnwit mrmrfnnt u'han (rlwl tUIUJillJH.-J-f ffu.. IllldiiVU lll312vS ward son A tent 100 x 150 feet was put sinkill?:lryto with the; sweeping changes in the very struc" for in the Sunday up GaklaW'Iasrmonth, ture of society which somedvoatesof wo- School Convention7....XlianinahlhI, a new man's rights : contemplate ana ueiena. lime tenor, who appears in London, is said to siir THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. was when the retiring grace of modesty, with : pass: G iugli ni . ... . ,Th e price of water in Pi vhiclonatdenu and matrons were adorned, was I Im GREENE, Editor. oche has been reduced from four to two and considered their greatest charm, when home-lif- e a half cents per gallon .Mining wages in Publisbed In Salt Lake City. Utah. Terms: and domestic affections were considered Montana average about $5.00: per day .7. . . . One copy one year, f 2; one copy, six months, SI. Ten copies The Santa Barbara "Press" continues to for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each saaare. eisrht holy and sacred things, and when a union of SPLINTERS, -- 7- - ut niment-correctiyvitho- ; t -- two-fift- hs ht ed -- the-ritteTitioTr- -Df - ... . , prte jy M 1 V- S 1 lir -- I semi-monthl- v. lines ot nonpareil space, one time, $2; per inontb, t'i. hearts and bands was held as enduring as exist & Patterson. (General Arenta. Fast Teninle street. .La n Campbell urgo the people to aid the railroad ' ' " r... LaKe city. ence. True, mere were exceptions as mere are borers now get $2.50 per day in Oregon, for sail Addresd all business communications to to all general rules, and many of them ; but Publishers Wosias's Exfoxexti the first time in ten years...... Mrs. Mary Utah. . Lake Salt City, Patelle has reported at Washington that she this was the prevailing sentiment. Now, to is going to bo successful in procuring pre the; demand for a wider recognition of the claims SALT LAKE CITY, JUNE 15,1872. which are justly preferred for women, are added emption jights for the women in Oregon and the Territories... ...Theo. Tilton thus 11 BIPORTVNT INDUSTRIES. others which aim at securing full license to lustrates Greeley's " disciplined and pene gratify every passion or wild desire by which instinct reiffiis known him in Virtue have rural the districts. This "We trating linfrnwmwl ininilii mnvlMi fiwnvwl With o sleep through a long speech, and then at truism old bear will And though repeating. rIght to vot e and lhe r,ut to cam honest m0. offers which for imlustrjemployment from fhich "TC0"' by honest indu9try in pursuits lxt'r,P'nt--"nn iuevery t n. .s IIWII Illllllt-M......Thomas . tit . . t i Llit" l UUIIIf III i Willi i. J lllfll r- a "i.ik:-- .. umt" "v? oeeu- ueoarreu. is ciainiea tne r . tlmr l,oo v n r Vu, niirtiw uiuuuiuHu j. cuniarj' compensation to that which would be ,TW to set natural laws and sound social liquor law for England...... A young man in obtained in lanre faetoris wher stamina- - privilege V f. Chieao-n- . regulations at defiance. It is demanded that . mo. Ijpimr - c fnfnvlfArl J rloouiv f. himself in a window, while endeavor trarded whenever fleeting fanev desires rlmntr to enterthe kirn, and was not discov snouia De encouragea. two industries of this character pre- - that the holv feelinW which unite narents and now Just ered until he was suffocated...... Miss Nellie . . " " .i rior vouHiuerauon i :ut tk.,n.i anui a season- - children uicuis shall" be discountenanced ; and that Grant has been entertained at lunch by Ma able word in their favor. One is straw-plaithe offspring of a relationship unhallowed bv dame Thiers;T.rr.The-Imperiarmy banil of the is other sericulture. Both are easily any stronger matrimonial tie than mutual Re uermany and the band of the British Gren- - ing, and adier Guards, will participate in the World's learnetfi llSM cleanly. Many women in sire shall become the property of the State, thus v l"" rutuouwucuiii, uusiun...... upturn i3iru, oi oiininHuiimg wuamcsa i seeKiiig to uestroy tne iamiiy circle, llllal' lov the trading schooner " Eagle'Iand crew of thorougl, and we have seen as handsome parental care, and fraternal afleetion . l l I" or are maae some as mem worK nave we Deen to muraerett men, have ever These are some of the dantrerous oy reponea atppo by 'savages on one of the Solomon Islands...... seen on imported straw goods. It is an occupa-- 1 which certain advocates of womanNrffrhf . . I l nn.IliM-nn..nn4.. il v uuu m. me IUTI ana I already run. That thev will eneouran--0 immo uiai can ue lonowen omicoiuau, iiuw e iruij-um- r inter; uimueu vs- - wnen bpnng conies, me plaited straw can be Iralih--, increase vice and work serious evil tn a uusiuriv m.uu.guuu. in whiehli n.vu tronomy- and Geoloirv eompared - ; a . ia ,.i : miu mc utiiucu iiuiituua ill. ail- - l m riu that he controverts the theory The outlay is compara- - they will ever find an (ma lastes demand or an en- to have been A bunch ofrj-- or wheat straw dorsement, in the soberabiding place nothing. drawn from the Sin Francisco banks, from furnishes the material imd lhhe vmmVmir, thoughts and calm re- Z tlons of the latter part of April to the first of June, America, we do not " awujuru w uuu) wwe iue piaus liu for ft moment imntr no Rtill 1t as children should carefulness in handling dang.erous taught mining stock purchases... ...Recently, while & a party ofx engineers were examining the or Instructed on the fatal effects of VT weapons, disused gangway of Pine Ridge colliery, two Parents should earnestly 1 wara 4" w V nines Jrom WUkesbarre, Pa., an explosion tlle fwV ; young doctrines too high p of pay, and by dealers" doing whIcht undeVthe saeml nami?f took place.' Three men were demaildi Ul lowest possible profits. By and by, license of the most killed and another badly hurt......The body revolti and when a thriv of a man, supposed to have been murdered, ng business has been successfully character ; and, if universally adopted would found that Utah strawgooda make was lately found inEast river, New York,' achaos and a society unbrid with his Imnds and .feet strapped together, fanbe made and ......The Equal Rights Convent ion,' at Kew imported, if not cheaper., would 6lIrink with loathlnfuLterable ork, after volumes of persiflage, voted to Sericulture only occupies a portion of the timi. , enter the canvass with the Goddess of ' Lil during the Bummer. The trees grow. mulberry The following Aunt Betsey's descrip- ... ertvon their ltinn or. nnri nni,w! mcy pui iorm tion or her milkman : "He is the meanest r worms, which I man In the world ! He skims his milk nn silken home for I the top. and then he turns it over ami Vfmo uwn suurage. v no cares V I their eggs. These eggs are iraluable as ah artl-- l it on the bottom." i'l . - ,"raT w " I -- ,.v-..- v 1 .' . 1 1H1II.-1-I 1 1 .1-- 1 T lrn ig " t- al t. : x ! I t 11 t , .S .i.o.i tk I orn-kfmi- 1 . , a1 1 .T i e -- L tlIy of-dollars- isaid llion 1 a -, e of-vo- tmaii.-iiftnAoW,- - rzi: 1: .i" L?3Tjf fire-dam- -t- . t , .. - - v-.. -' ; - i urnished-asheapasjhose o.t MnnJ,,. I .tio?h ITZ j, .,.- -' L Lt''- -ts..lf fpi. - .......... " . "- - ....... 'i. 