WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 68 was immediately married...... Jenny Lind is routed ill,... ..A Keokukrrmari took w mnoh stock in the comet business that he forfrave his enemies; paid his debts and pre- ra rpfl to die...; . .Report says, a daughter of the late Confederate minister, John $lidell, will shortly be married to a German Baron... A eurious,diimse:pr hv the physicians there mnnf SPLINTERS. The Khedive has twenty-thre- e palaces..... Rome has 230 convents..... .Santa, Barbara wants a gold note bank.... ..High heels are going down and spines may go up again The Queen of the Belgians rejoices over the birth of a daughter..,.. .The Sutro tun iavphoiddysentery.,l.!iarle comtempt failed It was because those who menced" to learn the art believed they could earn more with less labor at other kinds lot ks work. The propriety' ofvomeir-occtipying-desand acting as clerks in as stores, so that the men- thus employed might devote their greater physical strength to heavier labor which had to be done, was urged years ago from the stand by President Brigham Young and other leadingmeu in the commuon the thousand miles of nity. And; telegraph lines owned and worked in Utah, the Dexeret Telegraph Company employ more lady operators than can be found on the same distance ofwire ihlihytlierrpart of the world, ladies,"too, at the present time are studying medicine in this city, with a view to quality themselves for its practice; and in every direction in wlbyw'omans talents or IMnvers ean be made available, there is every encourage ment for their cultivation; and development. All this'is in Utah, and among: the "downtrodden women of Ut ainceridhgwhdmr silly sentimentalists continue to theoYizeand waste tmsough t aiul imdpsired sympathy upon p women who have every avenue open for them to secure a living, and a comieienee If they possess financial ability; and women who, if book-keeper- s, - M'lle. Crisi, is to be married some time in lAr Tipninn. editor of the "Nation October... ...Virginia city, Montana, s full al Harbinger" Washington, "regret of prize rincr experts.... ..Council Bluffs fully, conscientiously and positively asserts that the 'Nation's chief magistrate drinks Spiritualists are said to exclude The Philadelphia "Press" people from the circle.... ..The English too 11111011' " of Government is considering the project savs Grant will lve elected by a majority of purchasiner all the railroads in Ireland at four electoral votes, (!) but the Chicago : tiie price of $150;000,000......It is reported "Times" admits that Greeley may be elect that the Siamese twins are at last divided, ed Presidents., A grand dinner hasr been u Ime beiiWT donji n honor glven'byTt felSSva Grant. . .. . .The Sah Juan mines are still the of Stanley ...... Iii an Iowa college, the Pro excitement in Colorado . , ... .The Massach u- - fessor of agricultural science is a woman, setts ReMblicaii Malejo a unequivocal and complete end Greeley :aud Brown club at Hillsboro is reJeffNew Albany and Woman Suffrage ported' a failure, not one person putting in erson ville political for hours anppearanwr.&tr'eiereoursf-na.ft- through a drenching rain, while leing prominent female lawyer, Madam Krietzoff drilled evenings ago, without man vThesavy Depirtment-isbelieved-- by flinching.. ....A grand ball has been given some to be the most corrupt branch in the at the California State prison The jvernnient plurals American 'Christian Union" thinks the girl States there are 150 manufactories of India marriage exists, do so and of has an easy : life, compared with her rubber goods, employ; ng five operatives own free will, and of their own five will brother's. . , , . .Grant papers try to prove that each, and consuming over ten million their bonds so accepted if the present OPresIdent was not xlrunk at Shi pounds of gum every year... w A young lady they could dissolve. the felt disposed. loh; but njournal of a different nature says, who has been lecturing on "Thoughts and they It was telegraphed east and west that two to save his military reputation, they ought heir Chariots," is requested to discourse to prove that he was deattdrunk the entire next on "Whims and their Wheelbarrows." ladies had been admitted to the bar of Utah as practicing lawyers, and the local press has week in which Shiloh was fought. .....Two lad considerable to say in regard to It; yet it Greeley and Brown flags have been raised in Shirley village, Massachusetts, the first THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. might With equal justness and more force have een telegraphed that here in Utah, decried, flags that ever floated there... .. to A swarm of bees, abused and maligned as it has been, women stung a horse LOUISE Editor, GREENE, J, death lately in half an hour.... ..Report enjoy more of what is contended for as woman's was as as a Blaine mouse church poor says, than they do in any State in the Federal in Salt Lake City. Utah. Terinst rights when he entered Congress, but is now a Published copy one year, 2; one copy, six uiohth, $1. Ten curies Union; and that they appreciate their position millionaire...... Princess Thyrsi, of Italy, is 0ne for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, eight and are seeking to qualify themselves for of nonpareil gpaco, one time, $2; per month, L said to be the most beautiful woman in Eu linos Campbell X Patterson, General AgenU, East Temple street spheres of usefulness to which their sisters in Lake City. rope...,,.A Nantucket octogenarian recently Salt other parts of the country can only yet look in Address all business communications to .spent an entire evening at the piano, play Publishers Woman's Expoxkxt. prospective. . Salt Lake City, Utah. grand ,ing waltzes for her fantastic-toe- d million dollars are children,.;.,. Thirty-on- e DON'T READ TRASH. SALT LAKE CITY, OCTOBER 1, 1872. invested in the wine culture of California A Branford, Connecticut, girl, who has been Jf there is any one, thing extensively prac LADY LAWYERS: ticed that does not pay, it is the reading of silly, clerk In the post office, recently confessed the triple crime of robbing the mail, for trashy literature. Jt js a waste of time; and, Court District the In Third of Chief Utah, worse than that, it injures the memory, pergery and passing a forged check. .....In B. McKean on Justice J. presiding, Saturday verts the taste and hinders the advancement Bothany, Pa., which has always given dq iauies-Miss is two elded Republican majorities, it rnoebe and development of the intellectual powers of said, no ween, September i, one vote will be cast for Grant...... Five dol Vv. couzms, or bt. .Louis, and Miss Georgie the mind. Like vicious companions, worthless lar counterfeit gold pieces, bearing the San Snow, daughter of Judge Z. Snow, Attorney reading steals an Influence over young and un- a rr y t i t i i i i Francisco mint mark of 1 86 7, are reported uenemioi appiiei loraamistaiJean circulating in Pioche...... California fruits in sionto tlie bar oi L taii, were aumittetl, and evil eflrects from sueh sources, exeent that the great abundance, are for side in all the east were amy sworn in as auorneys-at-iaw iiile ern markets...... Eleven prisoners are the we have no ambition, personally, to become a Hehtnesa and nonchalance which trenerallv characterize them are somewhat agreeable. present occupants of; the Washington nor eeK me iu to uumission lawyer, But they HOOn become fascinating and ... almost s Territory penitentiary. .....Charlotte Cush- - uai c,c miuuui iuc .uucnuuu m f or and dislike pmeuciug irresistible; engender man opens the Bay State course of lectures the anything of law, we recognize in the appli- - Lf profession mnro ftn(1 rfMahu snnn(lpP is at Boston on the 3rd inst......It reported cation and admission of Uiese ladies a prin- noi encourage, the indulgence of sueh use- that Ijands of Gypsies are traveling through - less uuu ""in IuerrecSniGet good books, and when you western Massachusetts. stealing children rftninwhich few years ago, ridiculed LAaf1 pastime. a and tion was, lwi i lof !f w and robbing orchards and cornfields. . . .A 1V1 t7VA SVV - fKA 1ViJV 'i UUU 11 . wnen . .. I . , , uuvoeaieu oy eniarireti , . minds tnat looked . , Coventry workman, I n England, has been own. iu utvuuic tiiuiuuivu uiiu nut n, t At ' ii njo IU1.11 linn U1C llgilt Ul ii sentenced to ten years penal servitude, for J Wim iv earn Iivinsr lier nonorable starving his little daughter, four years old: has she winch We are requested by Mr. Robert L. Camp- he has been allowing his family only three capacity. In the practical shililns a week for food, while ho spent working of this principle, as in everj'thing bell, secretary of the Deseret Agricultural and eighteen in drinks... ..Olive Logan has writ winch aims at securing to woman the exercise Ulanufacturimr Societv. to say. that where the ten a play called "A Business .'Woman." or her. run and legitimate rights, Utah has President of a Female Relief Society purchases which will be presented during the coming oeen marketlly4n advance of other parts of the a life in the D A. & M. Society, season...... A Jar Western lady who was not Union; and has been as far in advance of Ensr- - In themembership nam nf fh Tiplif Soeiotv nvnr xvh'h posted in history, and had forgotten her land in this direction as England has been and she presides, it will secure free admission to. , ,. ' s in au a nee oi r geography, asked a friend who was going tJ.as much the the Massachusetts, for herself, her counselors, and Fair coming to Utah, to bring her a couple of Mormons latter leasts of its humanitarian the treasurer philanthropic, and r srMnrvJ nf vsin,-for her aquarium...... A Connecticut girl tt sVVl. 1. mtas- Among me nrst places also when the head of a WUmuuwu has renounced Christianity, and embraced family has a life women commenced to learn tobeprac- bership it secures free admission to his family Judaism and a Jewish doctor to whom she tical printers was here in Utah, and If the at- - as well as himself. to-da- red-hair- ed -- . gel 1 m bj-fk- MrsuppMiVtt clubs-marcli- etl . -- a-f- ew y, t ' they-btK!Ome-w- ives undei-standingl- " : . . anti-Radic- al in-Iowa- , semi-monthl- y, " I uian-ierriio- .. iy, w. t g pnii-uciii- .' ... " 1 - 1 I , , V - PVrf . 1 . a . 11 I ln-at- I - . 1 I . w ; T mem-whe- re i . t i 