EXPONENT. WOHlAX'S Lieut Fxcd Grant, on.. the occasion of the adopt the fashionable follies, vice and wickedhe vieini ness which "adorn" the civilization of the lattcrs recent visit to 3ioseow. SPLINTERS. ' It js - reported that litis a new loan of 10, ( raising sf nrv hni th f $Ypnfh natft.nvo minorea cuesrs. is Dro ecieu f, anne & feetlongand 8 i feet thick...,. .Fields of corn; potatoes and other form produce, and the buds on fruit trees, were completely destroyed in Los Angeles .and neighboring e iEeZinJhnJPostQ htoh hnni . w taken The Marble Hilf (Mo.) "True by girls ..iveu-au- v Democrat, .m mono, I than ever,,. ...Kaiser Villim is ready ) deliver his decision on the San Juan bound-i- n ary question as ;soon as requested.. ...Xana- da has abolished the duty on tea and coffee, except when imported 'from the United States..;... Under the treaty giving Germany control of the Luxembourg railway, that power stipulates that it will never use the roads for the transix)rtation of war munitions. except in time of peace.....! he boat with which the Cambridgecrew so badly beatthe carenillyjaid awaxinjhe . iers' demeanor during slae:--h- MDJeen har I)imocHticFamilyNewspair......Tlien l inrthe countrvis ber of Republicans , hio Ti,,ii sian famine being over, it is even now worse wooM-rr thinks that by proper culture, Leaven- worth will produce a violinist second to none, the person of Miss Ella Frew...... A stone was recently quarried on Lake Superior that is 110 York, Pennsylvania, ashort time since, the openly with all leaving the mill in ruins Alphonzo Ad- rhemer predicts another deluge, A. D. 7253. ......The Nevada county, (Cal.) Angora goat company now have over 500 goats of that breed. .... The Prusskin Minister of War has issued a decree for the organization of a military corps of ajronauts.... ..The commer-cial writers say that 1872 will be distin- - to be helrl in Franklin Square Sabbath afternoons. Rev. Stephen H. Tyng, Jr-- r :hasf volunteered his -- services. vnTThe population of Great Britain is placed at 31,- 000,000; that of France at 37,000,000; and that of, Russia as high as 70,000,000. .;..Prof. Wse proposes to start from BostoiVon the Fourth bf July, for a balloon voyage.... i. A file ...of the London "Times": is jaid to bevorth not less than ,3,000...... Half the depositors in the Massachusetts sav- .Red Qoud stated S banks are women trans-Atlant- ic guished for its immense tradfo Eddy- viUe, Ky., with a population of eight hun- dred, had, lately, one hundred cases of measel3......A grandson of Daniel O'Connell, his theory for the settlement of the Indian is lecturing in Pennsylvania on the "War! question in a very few words, in Cooper Tn- riorsand Bards of Ireland".,.... The eiht stitute. He said, "I can protect the western hour movement in San Francisco is said to country myself!" (Applause, ami Avar- be assuming business-lik- e and solid propor whoops!) tions......A tower, 100 feet higbristo be erected and surmounted with a statue of Y U M A ft Miles Standish, at Duxbury, MassT.....In 1 JUi 1. b h AY U ft : (Uabama the circulation of the New Ynrk I I. CSHEEJfE, Editor. 'Tribiine" is siiid to have increased fifty ' Per cent, since the nomination of Greeley. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Tena liie han rrancisco "Pioneer," of June Published contains the platform of the isth, Rights party...... The Scandinavian colony another Union Pacific achievement whirl tv. Address all business rommuniratinnsi tn was started last year, is said to be already a Publishers AVomas's Exponent, success.. ....There are ten female Salt Lake City, Utah. superintendents in Kansas One of the women in the bouse:: of the Good SALT LAKE CITY, JULY 1, 1872. Shepherd, St. uis. - is a . ca rpenter and shomnkpr. ..... eli lr0m a 1x1)10011 THE "ENSLAVED" W03fEN OF UTAH. ! , ?' i v vnuu irum me enects, less tnan vuiiuu, a weekafterward.T.... Prince Bisnicrck is go-! , M .. -- semi-monthl- - y, ',.Lj . - . - I. votes-wrstv- i i; i i rxui u the,arrpgancepf iKle770oM Tnywheelnvhileiniiiot -elnliniliMctidlilTkiH ! L- - p--- A rcentury! The right of suffrage became theirs, not thi'ougirtliIrefforf s of llieipuylanlliroplir souls who were so eager for their emancipation, but bv the act of the representatives "'of the "tv- rants," in legislative body assembled: and etill the anient natures of those zealous individuals who t ere o anxious tobefriend" the women of Utah were not satisfied. Thev became as anxious to have us deprived of the elective franchise a7 they previously had been that it might be bestowed upon is. The fact is, we did not vote as was expected.. As the gubernatorial proclamation referred to had been neglected by the women to bom it was addressed, so their antt lor the "men wliom in v .. tT' f ,,- -, f anghtei of ' these tyrants a uniteil protest oigainst the calumnies of years heaixxl upon the men of Utah, whom they honoml and-i- n whomthey ,g bad confidence. : : r Now the manner of attack has1changel,ut the objwt is the same; the sentimentality is not so lachrymose, vet the venom accompanying it isas malignant'as ever. The women of utah having destroyeil the force of the previous charges made, are themselves attacked their t impiurned and their hbnt 5 P 1 '- -was Inon ?e nrZ T W dwUonorablo, rfPutae h have brought ve ueiore me auention oi the country as representing thewomen of this Territory, aim imve jmuiiwueu .siaiemenis WHICH Will not ci ple are rePuHated by V nineteen-twentiet- of hs me wumeuoi tti uian, wniie tiieir alleged facts 41 -- " "1 i are exatrL'erations. misermepnHnn f fnr? Air. w- v " mistatements. Yet when the evidence of their disingeuuousness are published, thev Seek to - 4- & - We have lived in Utah a mini hp r nf x'Qfo have had ample opportunity of understanding the situation here, have participated in this "slavery," have exercised the franchise being legally authorized to do so, and are better informed on the views, feelings and sentiments of our sisterhood In this Territory than those who before the , 2," ' iiv . tllf hviid1 of tho ron masters in Profit anijiuiUy n.-clea- $2,- - Sketches landsrtinps ten million nicti......0er of shoes were manufactured in Lynn, pairs Massachusetts. or Kear,......uynaus locusts are appearing in tho western portion of Korth ouy,uuu..,,,,iNason Caro-Hiia...u.Io- pe thus obtained , . c uenounce tlie incorrect andjrindictive statements still made concerning men wblhen and matters in Utah; . ..1:..;, 7 , nnif itttu . cuiumiuii ui me women 01 Utah It dates back to before the time that Buchanan sent an army and a Governor here to inflict roo-m: i,ii,auvri.. iT.iTri y uiu msuueuon oi court lecoras um.ui siiouiu oc encraired i..sll4UWiMui ... in nm fiii snrh .i . Tfn,fl, c huiucu ui u tan are .slaves' aau iu ucu j opprcsseu uuati, women ' who were hold in "snrviin hrkiior meir bonus are loving onos nnVl lont-N- , i are to'(Ia' in the fr?e and unrestrictal ex- by their "male tyrants." That Governor came and found the reconb untouched. He issued ercise of morc political and social than his proclamation offering protection to the are tllG women of any other part ofrights thp tt, f. "enslaved women" of the Territory, yet thev ' 1 6tate8' But thS' (1 not choose, as a bodv jitgievid iu avail inemseive it had a strong military force iuvc, f r-- o--- tw f.. u-nr-k iit;. ,., Pius IXis eighty years old...... the Gould and Curry shaft, in Nevada, has attained a depth of 1,821 feet, the deepest v.. ini3LUitM.....,H is estimated thatthe sur plus wheat crop for exportation, in Califor nia. this year, will ronrli aoo nnn lears passtnl, and still the wasa Ihlers printer's "devil" in 1825. nnrl these i)oor women were tramnto is stilLbothering the editors...... Hon. Chas, bonds; and the an' condition of existence, for the necessity of extending the elee- - hapw' iranciu.se to tliem above all the s sterbood unse"M covering ofliollowiicntiinentality.and V democrats for the guidance of unstable theorist,, or ereature OP- - oftheUnite,! States was lou.lly urge, L m'?ymia',i Si,i,Ho S n3h -- Sz onns, arnty worm", bugs S ffe iau flie3......Tho U iiSl' Cat.ofBuh was cool lortod, in b M oppf mlrf0""i0a the poIH )t ,v -- hl-.d- , ! misoanus, tnl Life 1, a so!id reaHty, drawing it, exigence manifested &om the part, having Its influence on the futur with As such We view it, and labor to nce for he elevation of and eager to ally, morally and physically. held UmU ,Je ;noti!"lf lted fl-- human-kindrmc- n- . ) 