( Wirtuo .' :s t, DTD-s- i J' '" - ' P ,. " .1 f' n nr 3 Vol. I. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST NEWS AND VIEWS. The usual deluge of sumiiier joetry" being poured out. . is 1.3, "ii 1872. were imprisoned, the penitentiaries would fruits of a lust for power while men are the slaves of passions wh ich prompt th em to have to be enlarged. Boston shipped 139,500 gallonW of Med-for- d work woe in the world that they may be rum to heathen Africa in the last six great and raised far above their fellows. "The Sleeping Beauty of Tennessee" is months. With a suftkient stock of mission ary tracts ana rea nannei jacKcts Ainca the title given to, a woman in that State who should be in a fair way to be "Christianized" presents one of those physical phenomena; andcivilized." Bnt that Boston thu ex- which baffle1 science and apparently set all port s the jgospel of ru m to t hehea th en is a ordinary laws of na t u re at defiance. She stain on the "Hub" which "it should cover firdeseribednrwhl tciHarmarblevthirty- with the mantle of charity for, the short- one years of nge, and having slept-f- or years, awaking thirteen times comings of other places Jess pretentious in twenty-thre- e Eugenie finds warm sym cold in Scotland. pathy A Failure. Plan (amour's comet to put in an appearance on tho 12th, inst. .1 President Grant and would-b- e President ; Greeley are "swinging around the circle," and their admirers are feting them. ' Political parties charge political corruphigher everytwenty-fourtoji- r regard:4o pietyr literature atid-1htion oncacKlirTah ; awake exactly seven lininutes 1 each time, " virtues. amount of truth in the charges. alarming .. . mar v ladies of New York announced during.which she eats, drinks and talks. It Five young tne actor, is can make her keep iur. jefferson, recovering other day is said iio earthly power his eyesight, and Rip Van Winkle, as per through a leading newspaper the en awTakfra second minutes1 of the sonated by him, may again delight thou that they would ride in a publ ic part she and that a breaes pnly aH n- - J time; city, on horseback, in the style men use-wi-thout at 'sands. Whe tner the exploit tervals of five minutes. The circumstances Susan B. Anthony has announced was an illustration of moral courage, or a connected With the peculiar case are related strongly in favor of President Grant's specimen of ''fast" life, the public can deter- at length in the Louisville "Courier-Journal- " Miss Anthony has done wiser mine ; but the act of itself shows that the and bear marks of genuineness. Where : is the pundit or savant that can give a things. admodesty which our of the phenomenon?! : is not 60 the Presidential campaign lias i given mired in our Utah a breathing spell from her persecutors popular as it might be to the benefit of rIrris reliably statedtbat3trichinapira- lis" has been found in a ham imported to Every blessing: should be thankfully ac society. knowledged. Hon. John A. Bingham, who was so anx- California.from Chicago. The action of these. and the ious last session of Congress to have some parasites upon tho human system is fatal, Politicians parties changing g on to the accomplishment of harsh, prescriptive, bill passed, and death is preceded by tortures of tho most a settled political purpose, are among the has been kindly permitted by his constitu- horrible character. They breed in the' inents to retire after the 4th of March next testines, in the flesh,' and through the entire signs of the times. body of their victim, making it a nursery for A recent magazine says: " Fifteen dol TheyeclinM to oomjn g insects. In seeing howT widely lars will buy a lovely homestead of eight; now. pass to the living: tomb of politicians acres in Florida." But is it worth the money? with Cullom, Colfax and others, who sought hog's flesh is used, and thinking on the iin- And how much of a fortune does it take to to make political capital by pressing a cru- clean nature of the animal and the serious sade against the people of Utah, and became consequences that often follow eating it, we make the homestead profitable. sometimes think of Dr. Adam Clark's the operation. by is bankrupt has it said, soldiering quit Garibaldi, "grace," when asked to "return thanks" and turned novelist, and is preparing for the An English astronomer once said that a over a meal where a young roast pig was on press a novel the scenes of which are laid in comet striking the earth would have no more the table. . Ho had an aversion to swine, franco during tho late war. " Take away effect on it than a swallow striking an ex but politeness prevented his declining to the sword, states may be saved without it," press train going forty miles an hour would ask a blessing, and in the course of it he the Swiss said : "Lord, If Thou canst bless under the Lady Wentworth, of England, has left have on the train. M. Plantamour, not think so when Christian- the roof of her husband, and Lord Went- astronomer, evidently did dispensation, what Thou didst worth advertises her as if they were "vulgar he predicted fearful results to this planet by curso under the Jewish dispensation, bless with a comet on the that plebians." The leveling tendencies of the its coming into collision pig!" Avoid the use of hog's flesh as comet encountered the 12th the instant. If even struck the have English but when it must be used much as haughty age blow must endeavorpossible; date the at the earth specified, to.learn how the animal was fed, aristocracy.; as to a have leen one, nobody appears light and be sure to have the flesh thoroughly for ladies' The rejection of the felt have it . cooked. riding is warmly agitated just now, without York New "Herald" the Did Stanley, The first gun of the Presidential cammaking much headway. A revolution in or Dr. find did and Livingstone, then correspondent, dress will precede the change, paign was fired at North Carolina, and' noDid the attributed he letters write he not? consider and will sensible women cry halt, body seem to bo aware whether any one was to him, or were they written in the "Herald", hurt , tho matter. by the discharge. First it was alleged office in New York?. Is there anything the State had gone Republican; then Demo" was the cry on "Let us havcTpeacewas account of finding about Stanley's genuine then again Republican; and both elected to the which General Grant the whole, a "bohemian's" cratic; oris Livingstone, Presidency in 1868 ; and still the Republic fabrication, bred in a vivid imagination and partles.havo rejoiced hugely over it in turn. Seemingly, the Republicans, by a lavish cx- cries and yearns for good peace and has not fiifbunddtE! wonderful journalistic enterprise? These pnditm'ofETOneyandthsfirihi means at the command the administra hollow as worthless reeds; arc questions of the hour. : And the hews- - tion have elected their of candidates for the Baldness, it is said, is becoming fearfully paper that can so tnriu tne puise or tne Governorship and the several State offices; .prcvalent among the ladies as a result of civilized worldrwith a wbncation if it be while the Democrats have elected a majority won a triumph of notoriety that wearing chignons. Where nature's orna- one--hof members of Cone:re3s and of the State ment of hair is cultivated in place of mon- respectable journals will not envy, Legislature. This virtually makes it a victory strosities of. fashion, this v cformity is of Tue Emperors Germany, Russia, and for neither side, so that each can count honors avoided. But fashion makes fools of Austria, are soon to meet in Berlin, and the and rejoice in having won something. The exEmperor Napoleon is going to drink the next elections of inteoresf are thoso of CaliRussia stands no newspaper nonsense. A waters of Carlsbad. Emperors do not con fornia and M;ai$e. the former on September report was circulated in the United States gregate in this manner to exchange courtes- - i5, the latter on September 9: with Termont lhalthcGrandJQiika-A- l married; and two Russian editors have been In their gathering together, and mioftgf tarn to go for Grant less interest attaches - to fined and imprisoned for alluding to the mat homes may be filled with m,o.urnitig. because It, k a month from - tho present date ter.- - It is a reflection on the profession, but of the meeting of Wilhelm. Alexander- and politicians will begin to figure with a greater sad to say a truth, to add that if all the edi- Francis Joseph Such are. . tfce, (VUts of degree of certainty on tho chances of Grant tors in this country that publish false reports imperial a.mb.itionj arq such will bo the and Greeley in the November struggle. Ex-Empre- ss . e . longer-thansov- - 7- side-saddle- s. i re-electi- on. ' satis-iactorjrexplanat- : . great-grandfathe- great-grandmoth- rs ers well-order- ed anti-Morm- people-pressin- on death-dealin- : -- : . side-sadd- le - as -- - 