WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 7i Young Ladies' Society, and, if she inightbe; in the latter case, would be a pleasant tempermitted, would recommend the brethren perature to him, would be shockingly cold to organize Young Gentlemen's Societies in the former. ' also; The kind hospitality' with which Miss Snow and her companions were received and entertained during their' visit tp Pay-soby all, and particularly by Mrs Agnes Douglas and family, deserves honorable mention. They were called upon by a number of the sisters- ,- among whom were Counsellor Mrs. Moore and Mrs. jtfary A. Hardy, Secretary of the Payson Relief n, ' Society, , . P- - In general, remarks Miss S., do not realize how early the education of their "rmm 1,5 11 m p'V'Ntitfh w Mil mtfrft 1Op bo Hi VV litl with intelligence undeveloped; and as it is -- V V V-'- A Ks rraanifeed 7 cold cloths on the head, a hot brick or hot bath for the feet, and on the throat and chest apply cloths wrung out of warm water. Keep the patient quiet. 1 i , In all diseases we cannot too strongly urge the necessity of good nursing. Absolute cleanliness of person, clothing, room and air must be had at all times. Quietness, hopefulness and cheerfulness are of more value to the sick than gold, silver and diamonds. ; " Ex. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. Mothers Bleeding at the Lungs.; Put ,.. t e :r: 1 THE SEX. Mrs. D. P. Bowers, Philadelphia's favor-itejttmedienn- e,: ha nearManchesteiMass.-actions of the tiny infant, it understands does not believe in shak Mrs. inoreaiKlharellymorelmowledgaof ing handsPartington across the bloody sarcasm. Most of what we say to it, than people gener- the women agree with her. ally give it credit for. That child upon its Adelina Patti has been invited by Mme. mother's lap a baby six or eight months and caresses Thiers to give a berieft in Paris to. the sufold knows from her-kisthat she loves it; that when it jumps and ferers by the war, and will do it. Mrs. Tator, the first woman lawyer on coos she is pleased with its brightness and good nature ; and if it ever cries and is dis- the Pacific Cpast7 has been refused admistressed, it realized from the soothing, pity- sion to the bar of Santa Cruz, California its Bosa Bonheur is said to have expressed ing tone, and thetender expression ofsufmother's face, that she sympathizes and recently a desire to visit the United States, truth-ful and, if possible, to do so within the next fers with it. It knows, too, if she is alis education and honest with it. Its twelvemonths. have would if ready begun. Mothers, you Miss Austine Sneed, "Mrs. Grundy' of your children love and speak the truth, the " World," has been engaged to "do" never let them hear you speak the least un- Washington next winter for a London weektruth. If you Would have them virtuous, ly, writing at odd intervals whenever there's -1 charitable and generous, cultivate the jame need. zz want And if you qualities in yourselves. The Princess Salm-Salhaving backed and to reflective be prayerstudious, them life into the ausful and diligent in doing good, let them out of the gayeties of this the Queen of Prussia see you the same in your every day course; terities of a convent, thousand-dollar testament. and even before the little ones make their has sent her a Turkish ladies are asserting their right appearance upon the grand stage of life, let Osman damsels orto be seen. High-bor- n these principles be implanted in their veils ganizations. We cannot plant thistle seeds now dress in Parisian style, wearing soften and expect fig trees to grow from' them. If of the thinest possible gauze, which you desire your offspring to be healthy without concealing the features. Countess Beauchamp has decided talent and live long, take care that you do not enseeds ao a sculptress. At the Koyal Academy her gender in their physical natures the learn First of disease and premature decay. ladyship is an exhibitor of the figure of her be will and then you wisdom yourselves, youngest child. It is said to be excellent potent to impart the same to future genera- both as a likeness and work of art. tions. In giving instructions of any kind, Madame de Stael said: "in were misor corrections, light or heavy, it is a thing tress of twenty languages, I would think in worth remembering, that "All wise govern the deep German, converse in the gay ment begins with French, write in copious English, deliver 11 a to be done in noble Greek, and make love in the soft thing. The First thing ' to is , ;: prepare the Italian. when a bath is to be given room, making it of a comfortable temperaIn Dover, New Hampshire, this Summer, ture. The second is to prepare the bath, four young ladies, Ad elaide, Jenny, Emma using soft water, and making it of the right and Alta Hanson, with the assistance of one temperature, as indicated by a thermome- man, their brother made and gathered sixty ter. Persons sometimes explain tons of hay. One of them, Mis3 Emma, herwhat is meant by certain temperatures, so self mowed the whole of it, with a that they can get along without a thermome- machine. This promising young farmer is ter. This is impossible. The terms, hot, but seventeen years of age. cold, warm, tepid, are so indefinite and con-ve- y will shortly arMiss Emily Faithful,-wh- o such different impressions to different rive here to discuss the woman question, is persons, as to be entirely unreliable in giv- a lacly of wealth and. high social position, ing directions. If a person in fever is to be and an intimate friend of Queen Victoria. packed, his conditions are much more readi- She devotes her life and money to the elely controlled by wetting two sheets in vation of her sex in remunerative employwater at 90, wringing them but slightly, and packing him in them, or even puting ments. Jiim into a fresh pack when the one becomes It is well for the girls to know the risk heated, than by putting" him into a cold they run in marrying brakemen. Anen in St. Louis sheet, The idea that"ithe hotter a person is thusiastic member of the guild from a dream the colder should be his bath, 'is productive the other night was awakened of great mischief. The rule is exactly the of an impending mishap by a cry of pain, in bed holding reverse of this; that is: a person in a high and found himself sitting-ufever should hae his bath at a higher" tem-- "' his wife by the ears, having almost twisted perature than if he had no fever; for what, her head off. at-tira- ses - " - - , m ; .. self-governmen- t." -- .. t1 . - ask-us-- to two-hor- p se ON THOUGHT BEING EDUCATION. remark made by one of the Sisters, while speaking in the 14th Ward at a late meeting, struck me very forcibly as being true.. She said good thoughts showed good education. This is something that we should consider more than we do, for upon it depends our happiness more than we are aware. Thought is truly "the spring of human conduct;" and how careful we should be to not allow an evil or impure thought to have . place in our breast. How often we find ourselves giving way to thoughts that we would be ashamed Jto have our most intimate friend know; and then, to think, that the Lord can discern our most secret thoughts, should be enough to ?.; A . " , L eViir13r us oh educated by our every thought. When feel in the least unhappy or unpleasant, we wo may knbwthat Ur thoughts are not ning in the right direction, and wo should banish them in a moment, and cultivato those that will bring peace and happiness, day long. When we can control our thoughts as we should, we will be near perfection. It should be our constant prayer to the Lord to give us power to govern our thoughts, for when we can do this we will have . gained a great victory, and will be " tolerably thoroughly educated. 1SL A. R , run- all-th- e THE BENEFIT OF WOIAN TO MAN. Did it ever occur to any of our readers what a refining and polishing influence the society of woman gives to man? 'ine association with intelligent and educated women is ever observable in the man. The common coarseness of many; the bashful awkwardness of others; the general tendency of man to satisfy hii passions are all toned down and obliterated, when they are continually brought into the society of women. The! gentle, kind and insinuating way a good woman's influence is thrown about the rude and reckless man, is always observable. She seems to reach into his heart with fingers that very soon weed out every uncouth and unseemly plant. She, does this, to apparently, without an effort; she gives ss man grace, fluency in conversation,-gentleneof manner, complete ease in society and a love of the arts, sciences and beauties of nature; she throws about his experience an atmosphere of love, confidence, hope, trust, honor, fidelity and virtue! The rough obstructions to be met with upon the exterior of his character are very soon cut away and the scars healed up from sight The process of change from a vicious, louly life, to one of female association and refinement, is often slow and tedious; but the metamorphic chancre is sure to take place unaer tne love, judgment and guidance of a true woman. If there is anything m man that may be caueu fmetalf"-the-. beneficial influence of woman's association will burnish it to such a bright- hess that its kind and quality determined. Some coarse and brutish men scoff at the, beneficial influence of woman, but most all sooner or later are led to feel its power. The man who can never feel this reclaiming, woman's-ennoblinpurifying power, and has no faith in elevating influence, is possessed of a heart poor indeed. We do not wish his society we know bur business relations with him cannot be pleasant and companionable. The low, vicious habits of life are his, as he has ;no incentive to be otherwise, or even wish to elevate his character. "Willamette Farmer." : i g, 