WOMAN'S EXPONENT. S;: j colors that they cannot fail to choose the teach .,rignt way. And above all, - let-o- ur oe more by example , than by precept. ings us follow the principles which we teach; ;Let our ricz actions correspond" with our words, then the boys cannot fail to believe us. jand But so long as we recommend one course and follow another, we cannot expect their 10 ue do long as qwBeiueu. ;we deny them any recreation at home, we jneedmot be surprised At they seek it abroad, :balong as we do not lead them into proper .V. ' 87 . i m require a severe struggle and many an ex-- ren of Zion if not awake in one' duty? effort, but xan average power of l Weren not thei Jews. the . chosen traordinary people of r . t i l l i II. iijiiiu anu loieruuie sirengm oi cnaracier, voar Anu yet now lew acknowledged Jesus which can bo increased by earnest prayer, I Christ to be the Son of God ! Were not the Will conauer: and free a person fromdenres-INePhite- s blessed when hnmhlA ntid fnifHfni sion of spirits and languishing debility of arid filled with; the Spirit of the Lord? But me aoctors ana meaicines iook at me contrast wnen the cares or the wuy, waen-aii -- A -- 1 s--t 1 A k 1 m . -- -- ,ru7 them to relax their hold of divine intelli- To tell of the trials and hardships through gence from time to time, until the Lord which we are passing, and talk over the withdrew His Spirit, and gave it to the utterly foil. . to encminteiyJa XainaiiiteSythatmuelheLamamto- ursesve cannoJrnderthanheyTairinto gnevacesjvearbrought not the safest remedy or surest cure for such foretold the coming of the Savior and also' , -- improper ones. v So long as ye are too stern ailments, but rather incentives to heart dis- - concerning His death. The Book of Mormon ana austere, we cannot wonderthat, in their ease and irratibilities of different kinds, cites us to a of avineyarhFfruit . iA . . . . . rUlSGTUSt. thev flv to the onnnsite PTrrpmp. , parable 1 x .1 vrii wmcn 101 uecame Diner ana unnt ior use. so . , , xxeimer is ii wise io sn mouismy uowuauu , w .rf 1 Drooa over aiscontent ana aismai occur- - mat it was necessary, to hew it down, that fe", re-l0 ? oryo citizens.'Whicn you are bound to r ,i " 7 1 rnifi iunr.nr ,spectandthengobe t I Ai than behind,' to drive. I ccoo u ?r r straight u w:n a nm um.y wiu ojiu awewk iuk at iiio lauiis ui u intra kxgriil -- inaL Lr paths, rather little and them when they to us. But may know how to shun evil and cleave unto bayery 'obedience, ' but contrive so that the boys when bitter thoughts would force themselves that which is good? Better - would it do just as you desire, whilothinking they upon the mind, unthinking or - unkind' as-- be for us to measure ourselves by the pattern -- are 1 own their: having exactly way. sociates introduce subjects of a disagreeable our Savior left us, that we may know how 8 72. -- -ab- 1 out-authoritv;" are-offer- ed 1 I -- Beaver, October, ! L. LrDr nature, the best way to do is to dismiss all II near we come to it. This would teach such things in short hrder. without storminc humilifv unci riva hs frnm hAnnminw-bitf- er A CIIEEBFUL H03IE. to think it impossible" to help dwelling upon in and prove a good example be- dothem. fore our children who are in danger of being The very excellent means for A single word may disquiet an entire so so are numerous and and this embittered also. For the Apostle says, "If varied, family for a whole day. One surly glance ing casts a gloom over the household; while a much at the disposal of every one, that it is God spare not the natural branches take smile, like a gleam of sunshine, may light hardly worth while to mention any of them- heed least He spare not thee." I noticed also in the lesson, Math. 8th j up the darkest and weariest hours. Like here. But the necessity of woman's emthese means, understandings them chapll:arid42,verses,;thatJtUreads"And ploying .unexpected flowers which spring up along and J our taking time, aside from other duties,for I say unto you, that many shall come from path, full of freshness fragrance and j beauty, so kind words, and gentle acts, exercising them assiduously, is a subject of the East and the West and sit down with land sweet dispositions, make crlad the home importance to many. With some, j ust so Abraham and Isaac and Jacob in th e Kingdom where peace and blessings dwell. No matter much work must be accomplished in a day, of Heaven; but the children of the Kingdom ! how humble the abode, if it be thus gar-- whether thev feel at everv sten as though it shall be east .nut intn nnfer darkness? torn nished with grace and sweetness, with kind-- l must be the last,or otherwise. While others, shall be weepings and gnashing of teeth." ness and smiles, the heart will turn laugh-- i feeling dull and heartsick, often with just This is a mournful picture to look at; but is ingly toward it from all the tumults of the cause, mope around and accomplish nothing, it not profitable to see things as they are, world, and home, if it be so homely, will be when with their ambition slightly aroused, that we may love our children with the they would be abundantly able to do a large right kind of love and not indulge them to : $the dearest spot beneath the circuit of the amount of Iabor,benefitting themselves there- - their own distraction ? In all my acquaint-I UUU. . o hv in mnnvv vnvs. . j!iimer meinoa ior get- - ranee with children I have never knmvn nn , vim.t .it. riu i'n inniinnfin; ni nnmnTiornntiintn is a mistakc Extremes are un-- I whose attention could not be gained by read tingalong Jthemselves. The gentle grace of the mother ( lives in her daughters loner after - her head i warrantable and should -- be avoided. To incr or rehenrsinr "Rihio sfnrf jis pillowed in the dust of earth; and fatherly work all the time or not at all is injurious to when I felt to enjoy the Spirit of the Gospel kindness finds its echo in the nobility and health of mind and body. A walk in the myself; and thiswe need in teaching the courtesy of some who come to wear his fresh air, a chapter from a good book,a romp young at home,as much as any missionary who and to fill his place; while on the with the babies or a sweet little song, even is sent abroad to preach the Gospel of Jesus mantle, . if you have to sine it yourself, often in- - Christ: and with it w hnnofif. fV Knnrl " " ,umci uouu, iruui uunapny, misgoverned ceases health and happiness. u. I Well as those we Instruet: and whpn fhfr 'And disordered home, go forth persons who attention is directed to the teachings of tho omxu uiaKtj oiner nomes miserable, and perSavior, they are most easily governed. I petuate the sourness and sadness, the conREFLECTIONS. -have sometimes said to children, "I am tentions, and strifes, and jrailihgs, iwhich navG made their own early lives so wretch- - Editor Woman's Exfonent: sorry you did that, you should not do so," When thev sorrowed as mnob ns T did frr ea ana aisoraereu. I have enjoyed readine your valuable I thA Toward the cheerful home the children . Jl 11. AH J auu man tho chastisement wouiu pruier io jeau nimer 11. tgather "as clouds, and as doves to their vuiw necessarj. nave renecuons io xut sometimes wnie. i M. E. K. while from the home which is windows;" to which and prove may profitable the abode of discontent, and strife, and myself o others. interest naturally-lovchildren I trouble, they fly forth as vultures to rend their prey. ' VI speaK ill, requires only our tilence, which i7 The class of men that disturb and disorder health wiU admit of my attendance. I left costs us nothing. and distress the world are not those born home in 3lay for a visit to one of the adja Young persons should, above all things, land matured amid the hallowed influences of cent settlements. Tho change of air seemed beware of beginnings, and by no Eoeans parChristian homes; butrather- - those whose beneficial to myhcaltht" and. I was invited with ; 7; to spend the Summer, and when I found I Icy temptations. cany mo has been a scene of trouble and could make myself useful by instructinir A wise man is humble, because He thinks ivexation, who have started wrong in the children I gladly accepted the invitation. I of what he has yet to learn instead of pilgrimage, and whose course is one of dis visited: home too. often to take a class in what he knows. , aster to themselves and trouble to those ; already Sabbath as but a School, went, however, around them. ' thing to wish, to have truth on visitor; and on one occasion they opened the ourIt is one side, and another to wish to bo on the" Written for the 'Exroxtsr. School by singing "Wo are the true born HEALTH AND HAPPINESS. sons of Zion.'The children sang it well, side of truth. Wheately.l Wit loses its respect with the crood when which caused my heart to refoiee in ihn It is n seen in company with malice; and to smile tA I IHIUII 111 VVU H 111.11 1111' maa.t L11IJ Vlll. lX lUlUUCO lli at the Jest which slants a thorn in another's rnntimiA in js essential to health. !5Ianvv women ' xnine canahillties if thev x v nnniv j in the mis urauuem epifiis, uuu iiuuris uuiu wisuom, mat is io love ana iear breast is to become a principal : thus work themselves into maladies : t and God ; for we are told that "The feaP of the chief, ,7in the nervous affections, who might otherwise be Lord is the beginnincr of wisdom." Never is nothincr more There pitiable . and energetic. Under before did I feel the full Strong, whole-soule- d that sponsibilities of a Sabbath School ' teacher, tween two somercircumstiinces, :it almost-seem- s who would willingly this cannot be avoided; yet, by taking a The thought arose in my mind, would it be unite the two.feelings, and who docs not perceivo proper course, it can be overcome. It may of any value tobe one of the true lorn child- - that nothini? can unite them. our-minds- , -- . . -- - . i - 1 " 1 -- ; . V XkSB JM 4mT. A. 1 A . ruT - ;; " . A A , AX4A V I I A X U . A. 1 IV I wv-- 1 I tT I I thr i I 1 , 3 