1 WOMAN'S EXPONENT, y SACKED TO THE MEMORY, OF with Nyhich she has been blessed ; arrangements should be maderif possible, so "that OUU IJKLOVKD 8ISTE11, MUS. MATILDA religious services, the'recention of friends. 7' casper. ; or the acceptance ofa cordial-invitati- on in wait on friends, need not be hindered by, or 8b e has the last debt due to nature ; ui iSha . paid inferftu:einie-g-e to earth has the easket resigned, That the morn of the first resurrection Jday restore it from dross all refined. She had formed for her njem'ry, a garland Uniningled with earthly alloy ; It was wrought of integrity's je wels, Which Time's current can ner er destroyl To the truth she was firm and unswerving; 1 Its labors to her were delight; She was true, as a wife and a mother As a friend, her example is bright. ' n" "Sh hasone from a world of affliction Xio more to loel sorrow and pain ; We stty peace, sacrel peace, to her ashes ; Ana ere long we shall meet her again. -- 1' AV"HAT-MAK- E. R. S. ArMANr E3 And because usefulness is to be considered paramount to everything else in selecting household furniture, utensils, etc., the proper adornments need not be neglected. Pictures and flowers, and everything that is truly beautiful mid pleasing to the eye, enhance general J happiness, and the lowliest home should not be without a proportionate share ,' of them. : Using the Mop. Mrs. L. II. C. Wayne; of New York, writes : Where one has a hard wood oak or maple floor, strong, hot soapsuds may be freely used. If, on the contrary, the floor is pine and nicely painted, H will need painting two or three times a year, if hot or even strong soapsuds are used. Hired girls and washer-wome- n often make sad Jiayocrwith the paintsoaping and even scouring with hot ashes. With a clean mop andjplean, soft, warm, or hot water, first run the mop all "along the mop boards, in the corners, on the thresholds, over the oilcloths and zincs, in the pantry and all the particular places. Change the water before it assumes a muddy appearance. Draw out the table a 1 ittle and ru n a clean- - mop behind that. There is no need of breaking one's back stooping down, if both mop and water are quite clean." Eve's Pudding. Half a pound of apples ; half a pound of bread-crum; a pint of milk ; half a pound of currants ; six ounces of sugar ; two eggs, and the grated rind of a lemon. Chop the apple small ; add the currants, sugar, and lemon-pee- l, then the eggs, well beaten j boil it three hours, in a buttered mold, and serve with sweet sauce. ?: Furniture Polish. One pint of linseed oil, one wineglass of alcohol ; mix well together; apply with a linen rag ; rub dry with a soft cloth, and polish with a silk one. Furniture is improved by washing ft occasionally with soapsuds. Wipe dry, and rub over with a little kerosene oil upon a clean flannel. The application of kerosene Oil is a preventive of vermin. To Prevent Suppuration. Acetate of lead dissolved with strong vinegar. Apply cloths dipped in the liquid as often as they dry, say every fifteen minutes, for an hour or two, until the pain abates. Repeat at intervals. For a delicate person the compound must not be too powerful, or injury may be sustained. Cold meat is not healthful or digestible, except to very well conditioned stomachs, and when perfectly tender. Most housekeepers would find it advantageous to study methods of making it into varied and palatable dishes, such as minces, croquettes, gravy pies, English and Irish stews, and the like. ... Hydrophobia. It is asserted by medical men, that if lunar caustic is used immediately after the bite of a rabid animal, well rubbed Into and dissolved in the wound, the virus is counteracted. Warm Indian bannocks, or a light Sally make a nice relish for tea, Lunn and crackers may be utilized by being dipped in water or milk, heated in the oven, and then buttered. - - " Now, she's free froni all earthly encumbrance; V ith the ' church of the First-borabove With pine rapture her spirit commingles. In bright mansions of truth, peace and love. A truthful soul, a loving mind, Full, of affection for its kind;: A spirit firm, erect and free, That never basely bends the knee ; That will not bend a feather's weight f slavery's chance for small or great; Tbat never makes a league with sin; That snaps the fetters despots mate. And loves the truth for its own sake; That worships Qod, and Him alone, And bows no more than at Ilia throne ; And trembles at no tyrant's nod ; A soul that fears no one but God, And thus can smiie at curso or ban This is the soul that makes a man." bs bread-crumb- s, HOUSEHOLD HINTS. One special care of every housekeeper .should be to know that the current expenses of her household do not exceed the general a regular account of every article purchased, this object is not onlyjittainedf out the value of things may be learned, an4 the judgment and memory income. WEATHER Am) HEALTH By-keepi- ng strengthened.. Jt Js ona nmrkof good un-derstand- ing t not to get anything that is not really needed, and if Jt can possibly be avoided, never to take what cannot be paid for at the time. But, if, as at times such things will occur, it is necessary to ask for trust; keeping a "small account book ahd having the tradesman charge both himself and the purchaser at the same time, often saves money and future trouble and uncertainty. A lady of experience remarks that in large families it is best to purchase large quantities of household requisites at a time ; but less where a family is small, as, where plenty is known to exist, there is apt to be too lavish use. Buy articles of clothing that will wear and wash well. A beautiful consistency should pervade the whole house, and if there must be stint, let it not be in the kitchen comforts and conveniences. Let there not be a well furnished parlor and shabby sleeping rooms ; or all these things in abundance, .and an ill supplied kitchen and pantry. 'A correct system of economy and how to make the proper and best use of things in these respects, can no. more be learned without experience and than any other trade or science. Yet, these are principles that every woman should understand, r and practice" nderstand in gly. It need not and should not occupy the whole time of a woman's life to keep her house and all pertaining to it in perfect order and A Lawrence machine for making wall neatness. A portion of her time should paper produces seventy-nin- e miles of paper e be to run twenty-threand the culture hours out of wisely appropriated daily, being development of the intellectual faculties the twenty-fou. .'. pains-takin- g, tea-cak- . e, . r. : The weather has a great influence great-erthaTijoomm- on physical systems. Every person has a time for being especially sick, if ever sick at all, apart from all effects of diet, occupation, or general habits. Some cannot abide a prolonged "dry spell." Many individuals are surely depressed by the approach and reign of Spring ; others have their weak spots probed sharply by the heats and draughts of Summer ; the majority of peo-- . pie suffer pains and disabdities froni the p( culiar atmosphere and sudden changes of Autumn ; and the chill rigors of Winter , . mentati ease :anUeonit iiiatelniere which everybody should be most careful of their health, using every endeavor to be clothed properly, ando respect protected from baleful and climatic In the majority of the United injuries StatesthtrmonthsnDf-farc- h anil KoVWnTjir exercise the most pernicious influences and r witness the greatest number of deaths. In the Southern States, and in what may be termed the Middle States, the Summer months reap for grim Death the greatest harvest. But even the effects of the extreme heat could, in many cases, be prevented from operating fatally, or even to moderation of great suffering, by prudential habits e and systematical observance of common-senssanitary at rules. the country large, we Taking colder months have more deaths in the six of January, February, March, April, November, and December, than in the other six months of the year. It is in the colder months that the most terrible maladies are contracted those which hang on, and tor- ture, and punish, and linger only (if not treated according to the best and only sensible method) to kill. The warmer months are made especially the season of the quick fatalities, which make short work when they get hold of systems that have been at -or anypther season improperly-medicatein any other way enfeebled, and thrown open to the assaults of, malignant ..disease Children come in for a larger share of suffering in the Summer than in any other season. If their parents and guardians would see that they are kept properly clean, and have 7 free range out of doors (never at mid-daor in the night air), subsist on a plain and mildly stimulating diet, of which cooked fruits, or the ripe fruits of the season un- cooked, should form a lagre proportion, d d and apartsleep in avoid and course usual of drugthe ments, for medicines ging, relying upon what Nature so amply provides during the Summer season, in the fields, woods, and by the roadside, mortality among the juveniles would be decreased by a large percentage. Grown people would do well to adapt this advice to their own eases. "Shakesperian . Almanac." beaJveyeE .. d, y, ? well-aire- well-sunne- i The celebration of the recent marriage of the second son of Mr. Powers, the sculptor, at Florence, brought together all the English and American residents of that city. There was something, it was observed, exquisitely picturesque in all the accessories of the social festival; the handsome old man, surrounded, as in patriarchal days, with his blooming family of sons, daughters, and grandchildren, receiving his family in one of the loveliest of the Tuscan villas which lio scattered over the wonderful highway that now surrounds the City of Flowers. i 