EXPONENT WOMAK t I'RIEND. TO. A We are falling, We are falling, . 16 the sear and yellow leaf, j Time is calling, Time is calling. us tbat lie's the thief Telling ' That is stealing, That is stealing, All our youthful form away; All the time he keeps revealing, He is plating us his prey. if Hair is shewing, , Hair is shewing, Silver threads within each braidx . Eyes are growing, are Eyes growing, Dimmer in ourJater grade. slower, rri: Steps are are slower, As the downward path we tread Voice is lower, r Voice Is lower, Bow'd is oft the weary head. - poor. , My Mother Earth My Mother Earth! In thy bosom we shall sleep; Thou alone and not another, Shall thoge sacred vigils keep! :' Till the morning, Till the morning. When the ref urection, comes Then with all a Brides' adorning Christ will take-uto our Homes- s 'Keady waiting, Ready waiting, All prepaid by Beauty's hand, All dilating, All dilating, On the tcene I now command. , ! All forgiven, All forgiven, God and we be All in All G. S. L. City. IIakj.au T. King. ' Bigler, Editor Exfonent: Salem, Utah Co., Utah. Nov. 20th 1872. December 2nd .. .. 1 8 72. - : Our Society was organized the 1 1th of May 1SGS; since that time up to May 14th 1872, we have disbursed to the poor $009; paid for public expenses $100; we own shares in the Provo woolen factory to the amount of $200, and in the Store to the amount of $7, and have in the Treasury $96:56. Besides the above dona tions, there have been 2 9 7. 'days work done Co-oporati- by .lie Society. At a meeting of the Relief Society of this Ward, held 27th -- November, the word "Female" in connection with the name of the Society was dropped. We meet and are making the1 best of our time at improvement We are trying to gai n th e victory over di ffidence and backwardness in speaking, and wc feel thankful that our Record Book abounds in good instruction given from each to each After singing and prayer our meetings are devoted to teaching and telling our experience in spiritual and temporal knowledge, which we consider a very good jlan for mutual improvement. AVhen we deem it necessary we have sewing meetings, which are pretty well attended, still, not so well as they should be, but as a general thing it is the few who accomplish the greatest amount semi-monthl- y, va " Mrs. Soph V Mecham Secretary. Mrs. Sarah II. Sanderson Tres. Bountiful, Woman's-- Dec. Mh 1872. Ex fonent:- - Directly after C6nfe7ence7aimrusual meeting a unanimous vote was taken to drop the word "Female" from the name of PyL-llXI!1- to 1 Hteyjai-is a R Snow's suggestion. Tliere good feeling in ourSociety and a desire with the sisters o do all they can to help the poor. We meet twice a month for labor and many of -- hetlesti tti teandnged iiaA'e been n md e to re- - oice in the fiutlifulnes of our exertions. Not withstanding many of tlie Liters live quite a distance from the place of meeting, they remember the time appointed and a portion of them assemble together. The Exponent is hailed with j)leasure. E. II. Barlow. Fourteenth Ward Assemijey Rooms, Salt Lake City, Dee. 7th, 1 872. General Retrenchment Meeting Vof the adiesof the several Wards. Singing: Prayer Counselor 3Irs. E.. Howard; Singing: 3Iinutes of last meeting read by assistant Secretary Miss Maggie Mair, and accepted. of good. Opportunity offered for the reading of min " Our financial condition is good; we intend utes of meetings held by diiFerent branches Marv-- A. very soon commencing to buildj a hall for of the Society. President-Ir- s. as we have over 10 shares in Freeze read the minutes of the last meeting our own use, Store and some means on of the Young Indies' Retrenchment Assocthe hand. This, with our industry the cming-wint- iation in the 1 1 th Ward; Secretary 31 iss Abby enables us to look forward to beocom Piggot read minutes of two meetings of the fortably situated before this time next year Young Ladies' Retrenchment Association We Intend giving the very young ladies of the 8th Ward. Counselor Mrs. Sarah M. some socks to knit, for the benefit of our vimball, (President of the Physiological building, so that each, no matter how young, class,) said she had no apology to make but may"have ah opportunity of lendingiarhelrF regretted that she wasnot as Well qualified as" mg hand, besides stimulating them to be she would like to be to ireat'iiou the subject liberal and industrious. before the meeting, namely, Physiology. It We also look to the necessities of our poor is a great and important study for every so that they are not in want. woman who is or ever expects to become a .Your very valuable and interesting paper mother. We may, by not undcrstadingthe is increasing in esteem and popularity, the was of health, inflict grievious wrong upon general feeling with us beinjr a desire that ourselves and those who will come after us. it may meet with every success. "True Science and true Religion walk hand ve er We held a meeting ou the 21st inst,, or ..which Lsend .short-rep- or t ng was "How beau opened by singing. tious aroUieir leeti" prayer by Counselor Mrs. Lueinda Jackman; minutes of previous meeting were read and accepted. Counselor Mr. T. Jackman then addressed the" meeting, spoke upon the training of our children, the of mothers towards their daughters, duty urging mem 10 set pauerns worthy of imitation, look after the sick and needy;; said she Harriet W. Brinton, was pleased with the spirit of interest President, which th e sisters muni fested i n all that perElizabeth Howard, tains to the Society. In compliance: vmi V 1st Counselor and Secretary, the suggestion of Sister Snow- - a motion was rI La vina W. Harper, made ana seconded that we drop the word : 2d Counselor. "Female" from the name of the Society; Elizabeth Boice, . carried unanimously, a report of the same Treasurer. to be forwarded to theuEx fonent. fleeting adjourned until first Thursday in DecemProvo City, Ded 5th, 1872. ber. Benediction by Mrs. Elizabeth B. .Woman's ' Editor Exponent: r ; Davis. . A of the 1st .Ward Relief Society meeting M. P. was Killian, Secretary. Jieia at the School House on the uth inst, Counselor Mrs. Ann Jones Presiding, Presi' Nepiii, Dec. 1st 1872. . dent Mrs. Caroline M. Johnson being absent on account of sicknessi--Aft- er i.nging,-an- d v ' "hfiiwii ui rwsier Juiza Mrs. Ann prayer by Needham, minutes of R. Snow, at a meeting of the Relief the Socitey preceding meeting were read and ac held at this place on the 17th of October the ; word "Female" was dropped from the name cepted Counselors Mrs. Ann Jones and Mrs. of our Society, by a unanimous vote. You Jane Allman gave some good, instructions and comforting words. Several of the sisters . bore testimony to the truth and expressed their desires to do right. Tie Secretary read from the Exponent a letter, from Miss Eliza R. Show. A vote to drop , the word "Female" from the name of the Relief Society as suggested by sister E. R. Snow was carried unanimously. Editor Secretary.. Big Cottonwood, Co-operati- F. II. SOCIETY REPORTS. Editor Exponent: M. L. . Shall we sorrow, Shall we sorrow, That our life is in decline? ..ir There's a morrow l cere s a morrowi Whero eternal suns will shine! God of Heaen! God of Heavehv! Hold us tbat we never fall will please excuse me for this delay in report iner. as I have a lanre family to attend to and it seems almost impossible for me to ge time to write more than I am obliged to for the Society. And another tiling, I feel my incompetency to write any thing worthy the scrutiny of the public eye. I do not fee proud to see my name in your paper; still, like to do my duty if I know what it is. J have set out for salvation in the Kingdom of our God, and am determined With the help of my good husband and the watch-car- e of my HeavenlyJither to win. Our Society is not as flourishing as we could wish, some of the members live quite a distance from our place of meeting and some are carelew I think, about attending our meetings, but there are the faithful few that feel it aduty as well as a pleasure to go to meeting, and do all they can to comfort and bless the .. ' . " . in hand;" the Science of the formation of the human body is a most wonderful and beautiful study. Counselor Mrs. Wqp(1 ruff said she was pleased with the subject' before us; the longer she lived the more necessity she saw for the daughters of Zion to inform themselves upon these matters, which appertain to our present and future salvation. Mrs. Elenor Pratt did not feel prepared to treat upon the Science of Physiology but felt it a text. We all can gain practical knowledge on this subject by observation. Mrs. W. East felt that the laws of life, the book of nature were among the greatest objects of interest to us alh A a prayerful heart pro temiK'rater:lif(y-an- d duce a fruitful mind. Further reniarks" were made by Z. D. Young and 3Irs. Wat- -' " mouth, and meeting adjourned for' two weeks. Singing; benediction by Counselor Mrs. Sarah M. Kilmball. very-import- ant - , 