WOMA 58 THE BLESSINGS OF TO-DA- and said theirs was a noble calling of love and mercy,, and in their appointments they receive a Dortion of the Priesthood of God. He also touched oiv the responsibilities of tli-- t o ma tern i i wlcdge oi ine gospel ana its covenants. TJie mother has the molding of the character of her offspring; and mothers shquld realize this In "its keenest sense. The immorality and waywardness of youth to a Great ex tent are owing to a false sympathy or a lack of the performance of their, duty, by parents. The Sunday school was one of the great, helps which should be encouraged as d a by parents. The Influence" of Y. Strange, we never prize the music Till the sweet-voicbirds are flown; Strange that we should slight the violets, ed NS E Xl'ONE N T. I he-kn- tyJn-onnetion- : Strange that summer skies and sunshine Never seem one-ha- lf so fair, As when winter's snowy pinions, Shake the white down in! the air. Lips from which the seal of science, ffpne but God can roll away, blossomed of 6uch beauty, . At adorns the mouth And sweet words that freight our memory, With their beautiful perfume, 1 Come to us in sweeter accents, : the of the tomb, Through portals to-da- y; ciety is united, without exception, in the work of tho advancement of the cause of truth, and they rejoice in administering to the wants of the needy and in comforting the-bereav- !.x" " eit Og den, Sept. 4, 1872. ; Editor Woman's Exponent: .7 Since my last, of July 20th. the Relief Society of Ogden has held two very interesting meetings. For some months past our former President, Sister Harriet C. Brown, has desired and requested to resign her office, which was much regretted by all, yet it was not that she desired to ceaso Woman should lf PYPrtwl .fnr nrnmofi'nir iht l.XlS herJahoror-her-intervAV e Let us f atberjup thft fitinbframg, happiness andHgoodfhe all around our Eying path; invitation President Richards. Bishon wmcn sne lives. lie continued his n liy Let us keep the wheat and roses, ' Herrick and Counsellor Thompson attended ' by urging the necessity of subscribCasting out the thorns and chaff; to complete our reorganization, and assisted Let us find our sweetest comfort, ing, "one and all," for the Exponent, it as In the blessing of the day, well as oteach: us SisterXJan&:& 7E being a powerful adyocateJbrlthe brincinles a : With hand : : patient removing " RIchartIs was unanimously elected Presiizr All the briers from our way. .oflbttt was another medium through' which mir dent, and she selected listers II. C. Brown and Sarah Jlerrick for her counsellors, who F. R. SOCIETY REPORTS. youm wouiu receive nf TifH were accepted ahxitaiheaVitirthe greatJmiTMvatiohh est unanimity of feeling. . We are hot MiAmy L.Biglcr, Secretary of the F.R. He also solicitedall to take an Interest in troubled with division of sentiments, al Society of Nephi, Juab county, sends us the the coming Territorial Fair. Bishops Tanner, Johnson and Scott fol though there are some who do notseem to following, dated August 29th: lowed in brief out pointed remarks on the appreciate the value of our institution; as : : It is now: four l years since the organiza- welfare of woman, her duties and responsi-bitie- the Prophet Joseph and other-leadi- ng tion of our Female Relief Society. Since and exhorted each of them to sfnrf v Elders in the church must have done. Still, that time we have been trying to do all we w e hope to see the growinir IhtetineraTso which would principles saveand prepare could to assist the poor, and to do our duty mem and extend until all the trulv worthv nrn lor ineir true position, as help-matin blessing those who have required a, word to man in the redemption of the human engaged with us. On the occasion of the of counsel from us. Wo have one of the race. setting apart of our sisters to their new best of Presidents, Mrs. Amelia It was moved by Mrs. R. A. Hold nd callings, we were favored with much very We have not handled much means, seconded interesting and profi table instruction Tfrom but have tried to do the best we could with L. W. by Mrs. M.'j. Tanner, that Mrs. the presiding brethren who met with us. Kimball forward a report of this what we have had. We own one house and President Richards, after telling us much lot in the north part of town, a building meeting to the Exponent for publication. we to do, exhorted the Society to be ought Adjourned sine die. spot on Main street, in the centre of town. and lively '". energetic,and not to beso afraid of L. W. Kim u and a good portion of material for building all, ' as to not dare to do - za. wrong doing Secretary. on the lot; have the foundation laid, and Bishop Herrick expressed himself much expect to put up n good house this fall. pleased with the instructions given, and A meeting of the First Ward R. Soci- said Have given $400.13 to the poor, and $30 to he-- was sorry all the members of the Emigration fund. Have received in all, ety was held on Thursday, September 5th: the Societies only in the sisters Eliza R. Snow, ZinaD. Young and county werenot present since the Society was organized, $830.63. to hear and them, others being present by invitation. After profit by them. He felt to bless the and all GoxPs neonle. Society Minutfsof aSpjccial Mkktikq of thkF. K. g. CI- - singing and prayer, some excellent minutes Sister of a previous meeting were read. Mrs. Beckington and counsellors, from KTI1S OF PeOVO. Marriott Z. I). 'Young first contributed to the inoccupied a portion of time, terest of settlement, 1872. tlie fleeting House, Sep. in encouraging the sisters of that iiieeting by cheerihglmarksT ward, and Present, President V. O. Smoot, Bishops exhorting Sister Richards them to faithfulness nnd rim. expressed herself anxious to Tanner, Scott, Follett and Johnson. Presi- gence in do in new position, and asked her good learning and keeping the com- the forbearance dent Smoot waschosen to preside. of the. sisters towards mandments of God. Miss E. R. Snow then After the usual ceremonies of singing addressed the shortcomings on her part. Sister meeting, advancing and apparent and prayer, President Smoot m Id he met Brown felt better than ever in the condition many beautiful and useful of the Sister E. It.- SnowT in Salt Lake citv. ciin- - dwelling inupon Society, and the work that Li before a highly instructivn find im. subjects us. Our meeting adjourned for tw o weeks. vassing for students in view of opening a pressive manner. Appropriate" and inter- school of medicine and surges for the inremarks were also made by Brother : Fkodsham, struction" of females; 4hat those possessed esting Mitchell, Bishop J oseph Warburton, rrs, Secretary. of nerve energy and ambition for surh Wheeler and Miss L. L. Greene. The laudable life, might have opportunities of Yati:, the present primate of the Church was then adjourned by meeting singing, of themselves. He had quainying England, and Manning, the famous Ro-promised "For the strength of the hills wo bless thee, man Catholic his support by laying the matter before the Our archbishop of Westminster, God, our fathers, God;" and benedicladies of Provo, which he w ciu uoiu to do tion by Eider Mitchell. pupus, lorty years agor to a clerHe suggested that projsed suitable persons named gyman: Cheese, who still Jives in Mrs, JMary Chase is President, aud Elizabo selecte- d- to attend that school. This England. It must be to. the idea was already in practical operation in beth Thayne, Secretary, of thA Virvf nr.,i aged tutor to now see thegratifying fruits of his the eiist,, and why should not the women bociety. There are quite a number of poor youngzand rgifted mission- oLLJtah take measures for gaining u. knowl- blessed to tne Church of Jesus Christ and solaced by the energies and wionging Latter-da- y of edge of the physical organization of the ter Saints, good feelings and acts of the Society, met, for human system, especially that of the the first time in several years,: the aged that the ladies of our community Ai the elder he who, him said, hisletters." V. "taught R. Society of Tears came meeting of the might receive, rwhen necessary, medical or into the eyes of 1he d 11119 nei(l septem- - man when he lllJ Vr surgical treatment froin those of their ovh 1oer V Mrs. of his former pupil, spoke Ann McGregor presided in Otli, sex? He said, furthermore, that the that in the the absence vr right of .i" Prosiflmif evening, the family 'circle; partly ofTranchiso would prove- a great a.n.v,vnriiit m with the jMeetinp-nnnnnrperhaps blessing rCn. -- . .1 of what a little memory in aiding tho ladies to assert their to once had to put up with. prayer by Mrs.SamhAVliPnior r;m "HylIP"cei'.ne Jiold public office, and -as : anxiousright to see nies were borne to the truth r h them take an interest in all branches of cowhich daily announces and business w'a.s transacted in a sniritod enormous failures, seems to admonish comoperation, that principle being one of the tin o r n am . were handed in tepping-stonesj- o tho Order of Enoch. It Miauuvi. iwnauons -mercial men of an approaching crisis, which of purpose in was also their assisting privilege to assist in emigrat- ward school house. vhfrTi finishing "olT'tliet gives apprehenshions of no very pleasing I the poor by enriching the P. E. ing lection made t the J nfl,i IU lilt" tUl- results; for under the present maladminiHe iUluded to the duties of the F. It. Fund. previous meoHnir. stration of Government Socie- - amountc. to officials, a rather ?31, fo the rciwrt of calamitous r in according their administrations to the ixwr, Je financial; storm" z .vvhuu , .urs. jane niclcard. The So-- which threatens destruction toUs pending, ' many. safe-guar- . v A exor-tajio- tlie-nrineiD- les s, " es Golds-broug- h. rio-hf- - to-da- y. by-on1b- last-win- fe-mal- es, gray-haire- -- - l -- -w- The-telegrap- w h o1: 