4 The ladies of the Coiiresationai Society of San Mateo,' realized from- their "Mother Goose party" over $300. - v-- r : EXPONENT, W O MA NTH Hi . , , ' i Has the best, largest and purest stock f confec tionary in Salt Lake city. hiohas-enaete(Wyahatig- htyi " .f ' WALLACE Ju3t the place for ladies W to purchase. eight cubic inches, of bituminous coal shall : weigh just sixty pounds "avoirdupois. QAMPI3ELL & PATTERSON, OMAN'S EXTONENT. A UTAH . JOUUNAL. L.VDIES , Dealers in Book, Stationery and Newspapers, a A Connecticut company is putting-uTh4 women of Utah position which factory for the building of carriages Blade EaitTempb.Sfcj Salt Lake City, Utah. axles the attracts the attention of intelligent thioking men . entirely of India rubber, excepting Orders from the country sulicited. is claimed A decided and tires. superiority everywhere. They are engaged in the prac Liberal discountto Sunday school Libraries. fur the material over wood; tical solution of some of the greatest social and moral General Agents fur "Vomak's ExrosiNT. p . and-wome- Drotlems of the acre, and a powerful interest is! n mani the Emperor of China issued the fested throughout the- TJhTtecTStates, and, it may be following decree: "All" iersons of the female DU. W. H. GKOVES, said, the entire civilized world, to learn from reliable sex are forbidden, upon any pretext whatsources the views honestly entertained by them oi DENTIST, ever, to enter a temple or quit their houses, Office Secoud South Street, Three doors west of these questions. In 1787 except in cases of absolute necessity. Great Western Hotel, half a block east of Elephant City. Fathers, husbands, sons or relatives are Store, Salt Lake They have been erossly misrepresented throuth Office Hour? from if to 5 commanded to Keep tnem at nome. on pain the press, by active enemies who permit no opportuof IbeingZ themselves scverdy unislied. nity to pass of maligning and slandering them ; and ADIES' BAZAK. Whntztebelierarzin with but limited opportunity of appealing to the in- - t most likelyy had as ha rd time of i the telligence and candor of their fellow countrymen and MRS. WILKINSON, women. - a-i- u. " t-- Tn ns ;.".':r"-;-- FAlrt riOXAn The 3f assiichusetts Labor Union ConvenWholesale and Retail Dealer in Millinery, Straw and all kinds of fancy and Staple Dry Goods. Goods, tion met iu Boston on the 28th ult, Wendell " Sole agent for the Territory for M'me Demorest's Phillips olfered a series of resolutions, which reliable Orders from the country sowere adopted after aJoiig debate, approving licited ; paper patterns. patterns sent by mail. Removed to the new all labor associations, announcing the belief Establishment, let South St, next door west of Z. C. expediency: a nl necessity of strikes, but M. I. Wholesale Dry Goods Department 7 leiiou ncing viplehceyd vocat ing congressional establishment of labor unions; declaring that all dividend paying companies should be obliged to divide half of the net profits among employes, and that imported pauper contract work should be dutyable. C. IlETAiL HOMEMADE FAMILY MEDIOIX! Warranted to be Better than the I. M. JOHNSON'S Dry Goods Depaktmext. country women iu reply." . - Who are so well able to spakfor the women of Utah as the women of Utah themselves ? It is bet ter to represent ourselves thaa to be misrepresented by others P For these reasons, and that women may help each other by the diffusion of knowledge and information possessed by many and suitable to all, the publica tion of Woman's ExrosEjrT, a journal owned by, controlled by and edited by Utah ladies, has been commenced. Bet Im ported, and Give Ample Satisfaction. The aim of this journal will be to discuss every subject interesting and vahuble to women. It will contain a brief and graphic summary of current news local and general, household hints, educational mak ters, articles on health and dress, correspondence, We are constantly inlhe receipt of allSeasonableV BONESET PILLS. Purely vegetable. They ana purify tho blood, Btmuacn and bowels. columns and miscellaneous cleanse Fashionable, Dress Goods, Suitable for the great ty reading. va-rie- Act powerfully upon the liver, kidneys and urinary : r of our Patron?. organs. Break up fevers, strengthen digestion and bring the rosy hue of health to face emaciated. Are Wo continue to manufacture tho Celebrated tonic, eathaHic, stimulant, and soothe, by removing L SALT LAKE GLOVES. :Z the cause of disease. Are safe and harmless in all Children's Hosiery, Shoe3, and Gloves, a specialty. cases where cathartics are required, for either sex, for young or old. Try them fairly, and you will never While we carry a line stock of the elegant fabrics use any more imported pills. Price 23 cents. tho of day, 'yet the grand staples, such as Domestics, BYE BALSAM.- - Tor dimness cf vision, weak or Checks, Stripes, Denims, etc., are offered at the low- drooping eyelid inflamed eyesr old ulcers, sores, ringworm, tetters, cracked or sore lips, hands, etc est possible figure. Price 2u cents. - v H. B. CLAWSON, Sup't. ' l JADIES CONKLLN SALVE. For pins or weakness in the side, back, breast,' or other parts of the system, ' V T cuts, wounds, sores, etc. Price 25 cents. - - . ; It will aim to defend tho right, inculcate sound principles, and disseminata useful knowledge. Utah, in its Female Belief Societies, has the best organized benevolent institution of the age ; yet, but little is known of the labors of these self-sacrifici- Societies. ng In Womax's JExrossxt a department will be devoted to reports of their meetings and other matters of interest connected with their workings ; and to this end the Presidents and Secretaries of the various Societies throughout the Territory are requested to furnish communications which will receive due attention. : ' J Miss Eliza R Snow, President of the entire" Female. Belief Societies, cordially approves of the journal, and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from Go to Taylor & Cutler's for Dress Goods, NoESSENCE OF, LIFE "cures cholera, diarrhea, tions, etc. Also the Cheapest Store for Family Gro-ceri- es summer complaints, coughs, cholics, toothache, and her numerous duties. many other ills. Price 60 cents. in town. Call and Eeo. . yEED " SEWING MACHINES. These medicines aro for sale, wholesalo ahd . Stitch Alike ou- Both Sides. - - The Lightest Running " : ; SHUTTLE MACHINE In the World. ZIOX'ti AVoii4s's ,Esr2f1st will be Dubhshed ifisfc- - retaifat monthiy, each number containing eight pises, quarto. DRUG STORE, Salt Lake City, and at most of the throughout the Territory. : stores Sews Fine and Coarse. No Springs nor Cogs.' "No If not kept Tn your stores, ask your merchants to send for them. taking apart to Oil or Clean it. Send for Circular to 07 Kimball Block, Salt Lake stores throughout the Territory furIRA. PFOUTZ, AgH. City. nished on commission, or sold at rates -- r. ine touowmg. low rates will place it withia the reach of all and the hope is that it m .a valuable that it will be found in every telly in TERMS, Strictly in Advance : 1 Copy one rer. tun i W Cobles cue v7V lf.OO , W ' n Cor-ie- s " " : DUst fi.w;. eix month. iim Co-operat- ive pUKNISII YOUIt II03IES. advantageous to purchasers. r - ' AGENTS are authorized to fAfun.l th I would advise the Ladies who want to buy iin where the medicines do not viva Rod-roolor aud to ScU distnbute the 1af of, furniture. to call and poor needing tho pills at expensVof th tao proprietor ciamino tho immense stock kept by of amount disposed of. Pti?f; m one-twelf- n. DINWOODEY, "" At No. CI, East Templo Street, and No. 75, First " ';" South Street. From the Laboratory of . . , J. E. JOHNSON, . St. George, Utah. No subscription received for less than six months. It is earnestly desired that the Bishops, Presidents of F emale Relief Societies and others Interested in a work of this kind, will interest themseW fn :wtii .uP,clubs;tn copies for the price of cine. Address all communicaUons and subscriptions, Pubhthers WosuVs ExrosEsiy Salt Lake Qty. Utah. . - -- : -- 