WOMAN'S KXTONENT. j. r cii'h mmortprtinn.? evisflno' in -- WOMEN. A BO UT .i:V OBJECTS OE DBESSl , If women had but one object in selecting and arranging their costumes to make a Youxo ladies have now the necktie : mania. " Pooir ! who care.; for Beecher," says pleasing display, how far short of meeting ihat n nyerjjiJLjiaed would come, with their puffs and panniers, hister." ;lL; their bends and bawbles,false hair,disfigured k A Buelixcjtox, Iowa, girl got d complexforms, cramped feet, object-theVashio- nab K- . ; show-struc- while a circus was exhibiting there, and went off with it. A "woman's rights" man, rather bashful, and a little religiotjs, asks his wife to " '.say u "JLl. uusirll i ney nave company. wiieu 'll. Twkxtv thousand women keep body and soul together in Switzerland by their skill at the finer work of VJ Ida Lewis having married or otherwise sacrifice! jndrti Mrs. Clifford appears as her successor in the capacity of an aquatic heroine, 3fusrVropdhull speaks freelyffhe alluse . watch-makin- g. o her-laims-t- jum jmsjepresnta ; hoeir and viejjitt persecutions nave nut punned her. JI its. jJru mmond, the Q uaker preacher, was iiskeil who her with the thought of getting married. my friendrsaidIie, buTlife flesh JvellogLjr re ha n repcrtoi I-- - is siid to have a larger a ny i ving prima don na. She is letter and note perfect in twenty-fiv- e operas, in most of which she ha sung with success, A G human woman, living in (ioolhue M Aw J innesota, yoked hersel f along side oXsl cow this .spring, and the two together hauled a drag (luting the day after a seeder, which was run by her husband with a span of hoies. . t 1 - . . Mns. diaries Kean, of London, was so de- lighted wjtJiJtjLEic! besought .the fair lecturer to adopt the stage. But she does not propose to forsakethc4ec ture Field for the uncertain triumph of the Boards quite yet. A medical college for the education of women has been chartered by the New and two or three women of wealth have agreed to furnish the college with buildings, and secure its future usefulYork-legislatur- e, ness by liberal funds, r S0me bodv has said that life is an epigram of which death is the point. Kate Sanborn, thinks it would jo well if many of our novelists would consent to starve the public for a few years, and devote their diluted energies to composing epigrams. The whole story of man's regard for woman, in countries where she is uneducated, is told in the simple language of the Modean of Siberia, who, at the marriage ceremony, places the bride on a mat, "saving to the bridegroom there, " Wolf, take thyjamb VI A servant girl at: rittsfiehlMass, it is related, was so much impressed the other night by dreaming that some one was robbing the clothes line, that she got up and looked out of the window, when she saw a man g off some clothes. She was so overcome by the singularity of the affair that she let him go and did not tell the storv till th next day. L Mrs. Olive Logan Sykes has come back . ear-ryin- from the south-wes- t, bringing with her, it is.said, the3IS. of a volume which will utterly demolish Stephen Pearl Andrews' social pantarehy and Mrs. Woodhuli's conjugal theories. Tho. vli0 Imvo- - hesitatocl to marry for fear that the institution would .llapo just as they had' fairly invested in t, may now take courage and apply for a certificate. paint-spoile- ions and general bogus apppearance ! - i nr nreseni urinuui-iuiun:?- . nut" ivt'iwinv, ui ,nuu m had never possessed theni;" If a very quick tempered person realizing the folly of being says that jhewouhLgi v easily provoked, anytning n sue only eouiu coniroi ner temper, and in a moment afterward Hies into a mssion. on little or no provocation : and When cautioned against giving way to anger and sayinglm reasonable things, is silenced thereby, or expresses penitence; she thus shows her sincerity in desiring, to overcome this natural failing. And you jnay Ik? sure, if she will not allow lierself to Innome discouraged, but continues to try, she will by and oy reap tne rewaru oi a nappy conquerer. But if on the other hand, when reniiiuieo! that she must first use all her exertions to govern herself if ,she w ishes to heeomo able to do so with ease, she proves ungrateful for ill-- . . .1 l .J. l inu iiueresi uiKeii ill iier weiiare. aiHi uisre- J j- - , I V 1 . A But there are, really, two other objects in d ress, which should be held paramount to this one, yet they are not generally bo looked upon. The first object shouhl le health, and next to that convenience. Yet these two features are now so entirely overlooked in d ladies' toilets, as to be trampled oil ami without mercy ': merely for the sake of adopting fashions that are absurd and only serve to make tJieJr foolish votaries appear ridiculous ; so that not one object, nei lir.v ther liealth, conifort nor true adornment is mmtit ttift - L'inrI lr,:. ol7i iifa7l frti-. 1 e u ecia oi J loii.cun- ohta i ned. i la i j layrj usiiysuppose What timeand means are spentfor no eewinhrtelnpeTwa purpose except to make of ourselves exactly uttered, and that she does' not reallly (are to tMilil r vlAii ! niilnA what we do not wish to be ; poor, wretched, f'Afnrmn it Vi . . i,..r,-:z:7unsightly invalids ! If we had in view no vor to do so. r ruit3 ior ern future, 'arid lived onlyjn andjor thepreseiit tjLxicu-uuiA-iiiiiiin ofto are in ment would not be more all there moment, applicable proclivities sanity our spending thejittle time alloted us here nature, as well as to the temper; and in doing as much good in the world as we any propensity that Hesh is heir to, may can taking measures to promote health and prove either a curse or a blessing to its poshappiness w hile w e stay and to preserve life sessor's it is governetl or allowed to govern. as-- long as possible, than in taking the oppoTo each of us is granted the inestimable site course as many ure. now doing ? And privilege of working for arid obtaining all if we ljok forward to another and higher the blessings and rejecting the curses. Uut, state of being than we now live in, how in order to enjoy this privilege to the fullest shall we be prepared for it if we fritter away extent, we must never cease striving to our presjent existence in experimenting on overcome, wiile there remains Avithin our how the person may be arranged to carry beings one perceptible fault. Neither should the most gewgaws and look the most Ave take offense at kindly-offere- d criticisms, distorted ; working ourselves to death to which, if properly received, lnay prove of obtain all this fashionable nonsense, or much value to us, and for which wo should drawing the money for it from the pockets be grateful. of our' fathers, brothers, or husbands, wha - We wish to attain to that perfection which ortsumciently yielding to honor our whims, M ill fit us to dwell in the pnsence of our while they may mourn over our mania for Heavenly Parents, and to lie associated dress while being, driven into bankruptcy "with the noblesse of all Eternities." It is a and despair! 1 great object to achieve; and none of us w ill and sisters, where are your bo able to bear more than our own infirmiDaughters hearts ! Wives and mothers, where are ties. We cannot nvpwnmo f hn hvicf Smri-- . 1 your brains fection for a neighbor, nor can Ave trust a Cin not a consisteney be arrived at and neighbor to do anything of the kind for us. held to in these matters, which will aid Yet. We can often &roatW ii&sit !wli nth Ay O greatly in bringing about a general reform ? by gently and wisely criticising at the right Or has the majority of womankind Ijecome time and in the proixr manner. Except in too selfish, sordid and heartless to eoncei some rare cases it is always unneces.ary and of any higher aim than that of bringing dis iwfi'vrti vi uuiis iu e.eepi iiiose grace upon herself, her lineage and her sex who possess them, and whonny alone can and by committing suicide by means of a slow should overcome them. And in doing this and miserable process ! we should le careful to, if possible, never wound the feelings of the persoirwe desire to benefit. THOUGHTS."nen criticised, instead of seeking to FOR A JIRAXCH OF THE RETRENCH MEXT ourselvesj let us look more closely to oiir thoughts and ways, and see if the ASSOC'IATIOX. hint is not really applicable; ever bearing in Do we realize and keep in mind, that mind that "it is easier to mend a fault than p ks most of us, if not all, have formed many to hide it." good resolutions and covenanted before the Lord to try and carry them out? What is In a iiper read before therBritish Associit to try to do a thing that the Lord luis cer ation, Dr. Wilson argues that habitual crimtainly commanded, and which" our sense of inals do not possess such an amount of inmorality and our knowledge-thoug- h limited tellect as to enable them to discriminate the ways of God, teach us is pleasing in between right and wrong, and that the His sight? of them are devoid of common To really try, trusting in the Lord lor majority are of a low type of intellectual sense; they power to accomplish His purposes concernand some of them are unable ing us, is virtually to eonsumate the thing development, to surmount even the . rudimentary-diniciil-tie of education. .Dr. AV. states tliat he lias may say we have tried-t- o put away some idle made several hundred separate measurehabit, some Vain fancy, unwise passions, un- ments, and all showed a cranial deficiency, due and perhaps causless jealousies, while especially in the anterior lobe of the braiii. in reality we have merely been wishing, It is i easy and charitable to Uiieve the and that not verj strongly, that such and Doctors logic correct. mar-tvre- - ii - - - ! n 1 1 ' m A 11 1 1 i lai-ma- ,' , 4 - - A' V . 11V i. ex-cul)- -- -of . . es trj--w- ate 