f--'-7 $ ' : womans exponent. ,'v."; " Cax you tell mo how Old the A little more knowledge concerning' Utah as it is and has been, possessed by editors, and : a great asked an irreverent fellow HOME AFFAIRS. Y " devil is ?" n. " My friend, you must keep your own family deal less reliance oil the misrepresentations of cer- rect land entries and receiving patents up to a later tain correspondents, would hurt" nobody and would A Pekix woman, asked Hf her husband countryr latcrthairanTheTpIaoeZI benefit the country. feared the Lord, replied, Fear him ? why, bless been Brief as has the Exponent's existence so -- There HAS occuiTed some difficulty in having you, he is so 'feared of him that he neve goes out of the house o? Sundays withfar, it has been praised and bespattered already in the Exponent delivered in this city, which we are out taking his gun along.?' different quarters, Thoso who uttered the first willing to meet fthus : We will send the papers There are 103 ladies employed in the difhave our thanks , and as it suits the others to so through the postoffiee, or in parcels into the several ferent branches of the Interior Department advertise our paper, we are content. wards; and for those who are desirous of having at Utaii is credited with having uiade more cor : , ; ; Washington. Their salaries range from at their residences, a newspaper-carrie- r $900 to $1,200. The Treasury Department-give- s Salt Lake City is putting on metropolitan airs. women. 7 employment will so distribute them for twenty-fiv- e cents stores are being multiplied, Large An eccentric Connecticut gentleman, reness crowds the streets, massive chignons and a year from each subscriber. Will subscribers cently deceased, left to religious institutions " Dolly Yardens" dot the sidewalks, and 'small lis which way they prefer ? a $75,000, to his cook $120,000, and to each of his flvej-hiidreyouths with slender canes make themselves conspic $400. This man's affee-tion- s them-delivere- d to-265- iron-fronte- ; d ; in-for- m . n DIGNITY OF APPEARANCE. uous at limited intervals. ilSH?1 lay principally in his stomach. Said a Detroit lady to a gentleman of that ought to bo grater nil to the. municipal authorities of Salt Lake City Hit wasjrwhyjth I were the. proprietor of- No," said he ; V IT , V UV UV J WKVI ,'.'a hand organ, 7set expressly to uir me urumauee wrncu requires ineni 10 Keep tneir J following words : 6ld playj ' I 1 1 te .1 ft I couldn't e but looks Hundred,' black .seventy-ilvin man more nhin a a dignified If get 0 doorsjJos t with white collar and cuffs, than in any other for a needed periodical day of rest, which might suit, l.i.1 1 t. . 1 1 : i. -l . . i u, A Baltimore minister has lenpnmArT otherwise be denied some of them. should not a woman appear most dignified in a sim- just for phiying whisky poker and auction ilar sort for of dress?" drinks the laerer beor saloon. in a pitch Hon. W. H. Hooper, Delegate in Congress for Sure enough ! Is there so much difference be- How particular some people are becoming. Utah, is expected home night, the ICth. tween man and woman that, while one - would look The next thing will be to stop clergymen He deserves well of the people of Utah, for he has Worse than dandified, perfectly who indulge in any of the " larger ridiculous, with rib-bobeen an energeuVfaithful and unflinching advocate and lacesr and artificials nlaced unon theter jvices." 7., of their rights. Hon9. Geo. Q. Cannon and Frank son as adorning ornaments, such things can add to 1 Progressive teacher to a pupil of the the beauty, grace or dignified appearance of the penoa : 4 Fuller, who have also been in Washington acting in "fc&ry jane Hooker, just take that , other? chewing gum right out of your mouth. Litbehalf of the citizens of this Territory accompany This verisimilar idea may iusdv be extended to tle girls who chew gum in school need "" him. the inner being, the soul of man and woman; for never expect to become President of the at all, true dignity and nobility must exist United States." Ambitious if there, Tiik Jcdok who from his place on the bench ladies, If it is frippery in man to spend his precious mo- With Presidential aspirations,young will please sought to brand thousands of the purest women in ments in idle gossip concerning fashion, flirtations, take due notice, and reduce the gum traffic Utah matrons whose blameless lives would sanctify pr other nonsense, is it not vanity in woman to do proportionately. any community ou the continent with the foulest likewise? And if it is wise and ennobling in man " Will you please hand mo the scissors ?" jto cultivate higher principles of real refinement and returns to again occupy the same position. itigmaf asked a lady of her little boy. And when lasting wisdom, must not the same course be judi he had done as requested she courteously the power, but he will fail to cious and x He may exercise elevating when pursued by woman ? command the respect which his office should receive. j This short article is not intended to convey the acknowledged the accommodation by sayThe Supreme Court of the United States has so pro- the notion that men and women should be clothed ing, " Thank you, dear." A young rough" who happened to bo present enquired, nounced, and the country at large has endorsed the Without distinction in many ways : or tliat it is ne " Why do you say if you please and thank for woman to be educated in the arts of war. cessary idecision. of justness the and other things that are hardly fit for man to med-jdl- e you to that boy ?" To which the lady : " Because I wish him to do the with, lest evil come of it But, as every true We iuvk received : numerous words of encourwoman is better pleased with a real dignified man same by me, and all others." If that boy since letter and the first number agement, by orally, than a fop, it is supposable that every true man does not make a polite and affable man, of the Exponent was issued, These are gratify- must be more favorably impressed with a genuine It will not be the fault of his mother. ing, and in several instances they have been accom- - dignified woman ihamwith a butterfly of fashion. Some of the magnesian cements used. in of as And varied a display feathers, wersLand India are remarkably- - firm and durable. panied. by more substantial tokens in the shape of would to serve completely change the They begin settling in. two or three hours, lists of subscribers. ; It" s pleasing to know that fripperies appearance of the one, it seems impossible for the arid become hard in a few days, continuing the paper meets the general; approval ; and to re- same things to enhance the appearance of the other. to harden for many years. ciprocate the kind wishes offered for its success, G. At a recent trial the counsel for the prosewe shall endeavor to make it as interesting, instrucg cution, after severely a witness, suddenly put on a look of severity and tive, and valuable as we possibly can. PEN AND SCISSOKS. J t V r ft J "if tah 1 , . I w ofii-eiati- ng as ".- -i,,-, I t re-pil- ed ' : v.-- cross-examinin- Several cases of drowning and other serious Have you your irreat errandmotlier's bon accidents have occurred within the last few days in net you. have bring put away anywhere ? this and neighboring localities. One of the saddest it out, ana wear it, envied by all your was the case of Mrs. Whitehead, of Sugar House friends as the happy possessor of the latest who on the eve of approaching maternity thins: out. Ward,, . accidentally fell into the swollen creek and was has been estimated that at least one- down stream and drowned. Her name fifth of the land should be planted with for swept stands upon the Exponent's subscription list, but est trees In order to maintain the proper hv- - It It . the day the first number was carried out to Sugar grometicand electric equilibrium for suc- House Ward she was thus untimely snatched from cessiui larmmg. V ' earth-- . r. Somebody tells the " Scientific American" . - , of a way to clear a well of carbonic acid gas. ironlin the ivatery so The IoWA .Prcss Association are en route to Salt It is to lower a red-ho- t - The vapor inas to steam. produce a little Lake, a hundred- - persons, it is said, forming the absorbs exclaimed: J K T$(V- sir 'WfiQ nflTrv.f on matin rnf f , ..VV HU VUU1 II J1UIUU IVJ T"" III' duce you to tell a different story ?" "A different story from what I have told, do you mean ?" That's vhat I mean." Yes, sir ; several persons have tried to get me to tell a different story from what I have told, but they couldn't" f t "Now sir upon your oath, I wish to know who these persons are." " Well, you've tried about as hard as any of them." . He was questioned no further on that ; point. - - . "- , - TirE New Haven Palladium" says : A young excursion party.. Still other delegations of the ediman, at a wedding in Bedford recently, while promThe average wages paid per day to me enading witS a lady, chanced to approach the offtorial brotherhood could visit this region to advanclianics in Austria L? $1 ; in England, $1.25 ; iciating clergyman, who happening to be deaf, and : tage, if they would remain sufficiently long to lcam in PruAsla, 75 cent ; in $ 1 . 1 0 ; 1 n supposing' them to be the couple he had come to France, facfc so that they might afterwards speak justly Norway and Sweden, CO cents ; in unite, immediatelv xnarried thca in spite of remonand understaadi ugly of Utah and its inhabitants, j Italy ana I'Dnagal, 40 cents. strance". They accepted the situation. . stantly , Ik-lgiur- the gos. 