WO MAN'S EXPONENT. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. 107 and had used up all the filling that was spun. 'Now girls,' she said to us, row you will have to stay at home and card and spin'so the loom need not stand idle.' felt bad about that, for I disliked to miss my lessons, lather and mother were- - invited out for the evening, and would not return before twelve at night. As soon as they were gone, I said to my little sister, Susan let us go to work and card, and spin the yarn while mother, is gone, so "We therewe can go to school 1 fore set to and I had to contrive to keep Susan awake; but yhen father and mother came home at 12 o'clock I was just finishing off the last threads. 'Girls! What are you about! Put that wheel away this minute!' said mother. And I did, but the yarn was spun and sister and I went to school next I used to carry on, day as when a girl! Always up to some such caper to surprise and disappoint, yet please my. mother." dark fine The eyes of thes aged narrator still twinkle and dance with the love of fun and mischief, and her voice is stilLmusical and sweet as it trills a little, low laugh, after telling a story of the long past, And the istener can only contemplate that such were tVmerica's" daughters seventy years ago. ? Where could suefr-gi- rl education i hicji What does the fashionable ' now our young laaies must acquire 10 De considered accomplished and refinedi fit them for? Certainly not for the life of practical usefulness and sound judgment which the well earned and substantial education that venerable lady received, has ' made her the happy delineator of. 'to-m- or A mother Avno thinks more of the beautiful face and elegant form of her daughter "c than of her, health and education, is likely, perhaps by neglect of the latter to injure and ' former. traces of all the Healthy destroy and mind for body, with employment suitable relaxation and recreation, is the surest incentive to happiness that can be found; and without; health and happiness, beauty cannot exist. There is no exercise better calculated to assist in finely developing the female form than the various duties of housekeeping moderately and judiciously engaged in. The varied motions required in sweeping floors and making beds, reaching, lifting and "swaying Jire excellent methods of expanding the chest and giving proper growth :'msTeliicitytothQUy : and limbsbesides engendering the spirit of industry and a desire to be useful in the young. (rdinBpinm yarn are also healthful employments, but should not be too rigorously performed at " - an ; early age. A tea made of peach leaves is a sure cure for a kidney difficulty. ; A tea made of chestnut leaves, and drank in tho place of water, is said to cure the most obstinate case of dropsy. A tea made of ripe or dried whortle-berreieand drank in the place of water, is a sure and speedy cure for a scrofulous difficulty, however bad . . " s, Two eggs, two tablespoon-ful- s of melted butter, two do of new milk, four heaping tablesx)oonfuLs of sugar, one teaspoonful of soda, salt, and flour enough to" make it easy to roll. Cook in hot lard. Sponge Roll. Three eggs, one cup of sugar, one of flour, one teaspoonful of cream of tarter, half a spoonful of soda, rubbed carefully through a sieve. Bake in a dripping pan, "spread with jelly when " ' 1 warm, and roll: Stewed Ha caroni. Boil two ounces of macaroni in water, drain it well; put into a saucepan one ounce of butter, mix it well Crueller, to-nig- ht to-morro- w.' ; , usual-0!-ho- ; be-fou- m 1 m m ii mi i ii" DECOROUS. - -- m to-d- ay nd A Tennessee writer gives the following telling, description of the ostensible prodigy: 'Those who have not seen him ask what he is liKe. ie is iiko everytnmg. lie s a simoon from India a gentle zephyr from io downs of Devon: a whirlpool off the coast Of Norway an eddy in a Ne w England rout brook; a tornado from the plains of Texas a soothing, summer breeze from the withuetabiespox)nfuLofflourf moisten hopardsMJtfmesota; ciation a merciless sweeping Iconoclast; a miser in praise a prodigal in abuse; a modern reversed atlas, who stands on, instead of carrying the world; an ing egstjjvithout vanity ; the very lightninof possible reformation ; the modern g-bug Hercules, who undertakes the job of cleaning the Augean stables of society, SEVENTY YEARS AGO. government, religion, morals, laws, physic," education-cverythiHe's tho .credit A dear aunt, who is now more than Mobelier; the credit fiinancier; the prospec eighty years old, and still on the sunny side tive sextillionairer the next President of of life, furnishes us many interesting and he United States; the embodiment of delightful stories which are all the more international; a huge syndicate; a "blase" leautiful because we can rely on their truth- traveler, who has seen this little world, and fulness; all the more fascinating, because of who aspires to a jaunt over Saturn and her childthe little tinge of romance-whic- h ning adjacent planets. He's the chain-liglike innocence unwittingly, yet artistically, orator of the new dispensation; he's the draws occasionally, and all the more vener- reckless bull in the China shop of the world; ated because they are forty, fifty and seventy he's a Bochefort on a large scale; a little d years old and have never been published. Commune all by himself; he's a We select the following: ing machine, continually throwing-- , off a time to wash. me did Many "It always good intellectual hypothesis, ana scattering tnem when a girl at home, I would get up in amorn-inbroadcast over the world; he's a human half-sic- k Af and very miserable.feeling mower and reaper mowing down (in his think ter breakfast I would say to mother, 'I imagination) follies arid errors, blunders and r would mother I will wash 'Well,' iniquities, and reaping all the fame that a out for good day's conies from improvements time works in its say, 'now I shall look Mother natural course, he is in fact Train, who be done.' will sure am it work, and never said to me 'go to work;' never. But when dead, can never have an imitator." she often tried to keen me from doing as A writer says : "It is not the drinking, much as I wished. Once, L remember, when I was but ten years old,my sister, but getting sober, that is so terrible in a who was two years younger, and I came home drunkard's life." WThy get sober at all, from school at night, mother was weaving then, says old Smiggles. with four tablespoonfuls of veal stock, and a gill of cream, add t wo ounces of grated one tablespoohfui of mustard, salt and cayenne to taste; put in the macaroni, and serve as soon as it is well mixed with the sauce and quite hot. par-mesa- n, over-pow- er ng. ht self-win- .. g to-da- y. FLOWERS. " Good temper is like a sunny day, shed- ding brightness on everything., John Wesley, at the age of seventeen, wrote; "I do not remember to have felt tyw- ness of spirits for of an hour . one-quart- er since I was born." It is worthy of notice that, while' second thoughts are best in matters of judgment, first thoughts are always to be preferred in matters that relate to morality. Depend upon yourself; riding upon the f shoulders7 of another i s dangerous and foolish. If you are not cast off into a disagreeable place, you might be let down in a very ugly niahheT, when you least expect it. Esteem an act of benignity greatly preferable-- in munificence; the formerls peculiar to greanindZilislinguished persons;Jhe latter . belongs to flatters of the people .who court the applause of the inconstant vulgar. exist assort of love where Tumiimy the beautiful beacon of untarnished trust has ceased to shine; - but such is not the lovevhicluUghtslheJieart3vithJiope eyes with sympathy and the soul with Such love is only found within and the temple of unbounded, fairly-trieunshaken confidence. Life's Voyage. In the voyage of life a man may bo wrecked as is a ship. Conscience, however, is an anchor that will in most circumstances insure him safety. It is to be remembered, nevertheless, that like the anchor, conscience may be carried away,-an- d so ensure ruin and wreck. Bevenge is a,momentary:triumplihiclii: is almost immediately succeeded by remorse; while forgiveness, which is the noblest of all revenge, entaiLs a perpetual; jileasurc. It was well said by a Boman emperor that he wished to put an end to all his enemies by converting them into friends. : Where education has been entirely neg- lected or improperly managed, we see the worst of passions ruling with uncontrolled and incessant sway. Good sense degenerates into craft, and anger rankles into d, -- malig-TntyrBest- ra most-salutar- y, comes too late, and the most judicious admonitions are urged in vain. The following is an old Jewish story: "A good man had a good wife; but because -- MeSWdioIiild ven tliey mutually The good man married a bad (a heathen) wife, and she- - made h i ni bad (a heathen;) the good woman married a bad" (a heathen) husband, and she made him good." The fruits of the earth do not more obviously require labor and cultivation to prepare them for our use and subsistance than our faculties demand instruction and regulation, in order to become upright and valuable 'members of society ,j useful to others, or happy and ourselves. "Barrow." The house will be kept in continual turmoil when there is no toleration of each other's feelings, no meek' submission to' injuries, and no soft answer to turn away wrath. If you lay a single stick of wood in the grate, and apply fire to it, it will go out; put on another stick, and they will burn;, and a half a. dozen and you will have an effective blaze... There are other fires subject to the same condition. If one member of a family gets into a passion, and is left alone, he will cool down, and iossibly be 'ashamed and repent. But oppose temper to temper, let one harsh answer be followed by another, and there will soon be a blaze which will enwrap them in its burniug heat. away each other. 