saints. of Latter-da- y WOMAN'S EXPONENT. DON'T ALWAYS FLIRT. .Don't. FACTS AND FIGURES. 7 AiNU oUlSoUKo. ' alwayaJlirt;-dearstrBes6i0,belie?e-Dief-r-Y- ' " 1 i The French Assembly adjourned on the "Man y errors which we see in others Me convert into virtues in ourselves. 1 Z Ml. Hats with thermometers in the roof are Gris, the "Fat Contributor," lias started the latest invention. If the mercury gets a weekly paper in Cincinnati.. ou will repent it some day if yeu do; , TT Come, now, as some tage old mentor receive me, Take my advice, lest your conduct you rue. Perhaps it's good fun younr men's feelings to hurt. Don't always flirt, theugh, Bess don't always flirt .:.:,v".''-V;-t." ; . : :-- too high you stand on your head until your There newspapers in Jap- -' equilibrium is restored. True, you can count your" fond slaves, "dear, by 1 the one an, v been started dozens youngest having " All the Miss Emma S. Eastman, of Worcester, a in April.. young men you have got at your foet; male True, you are worshiped by all your cousins, student of Vassar jCollege, and Miss A inches in ., circumfer- former B. twenty-si- x True, all the "belles" of the season you've beat! Fleming, of Ithaca, N. Y., are the Granted all this, Bess! you may be too curt, ence above the ears has been dug up at Du- - Sophia first lady students at Cornell. Too great a flirt, Bessie too great a flirt! , huquey-Iow- a. are seventeen . skull ' ' v. closes aietter to his The Irish band has split, some sailing for An intelligent writer, home with the leader, and the others re- employer thus, "I remain very sincerely, Time is going 'on, darling, seasons are hastening; Pardon me. but even vou most grow old: Think, now; if you are not good chanc3 wasting; Don't, now, I pray you, imagine me Void. Really, though, I must my words assert, Don't always flirt, Bessie don't always flirt! . . , maining in this country.General Berdan, of sharpshooting fame, is trying to induce the Czar ofRussia to buy more of Ms gunsZ li ''iNustral August 20thj summer, November 20th; autumn, February, - : . -- Young went who now gladly bear your-- caprices, Slaves who're too happy to sufleryour slights Perhaps as their knowledge of women increases, May not so willingly give up their rights! Men' may b ready to rudely ont blurt, You are a flirt, Bessie you are a flirt! 20, was burned,"making the fourth large fire in that city ithin twelve months. ilave you not, then, had enough of variety? Governor Brown still sticks to the opin- uaimos you settle to one, and be wise? Don't treat us always as though we were dirt, Dont always flirt, Bessie don't always flirt! ion that Grant will only carry three States, all the Radical press to the contrary not audacious-- - To push my own claims, why, then, Bessie, inn ; chert. I should be charmed; indeed, If you'd be gracioui, And trust your dear self from henceforth to my r care; ' Promising only, all rows to avert, 7 ' That you wont flirt, Bessie that you won't flirt. ": - -- -.- - - . . A THUNDER STORM ON THE FROM A LADY'S SCItAP BOOK. shall never forget that night of terror! How the thunders crashed and the waters roared ! How the forked lightning flashed and gleamed,and the boat rolled and tossed on the river, and how intensely dark the night was! There were no empty berths for us to lie down in, and had there been, what sleep or rest could have been taken! I had never before witnessed a storm in America, and, possibly, for that reason it all seemed more dreadful to me than it might have done .had I been accustomed to such terrific thunderings and lightnings. During the . storm 0, it is so horrifying to think of the awful calamity which Her little , befell my poor sister Helen! daughter followed her father on . deck, but not noticing, he returned without her. We never saw her again. It was supposed she walked over board into that angry river. No 'trace of her could bo found. Thougli she could not have existed: more tjian a minute in the dashing waters wo imagined the little arms which could not have been seen in the darkness; reaching out for help, and thOjchildisH" Voice whicoiild not have 1 -- . 7 bee the stofni and; the waters,' (Jailing on us for aid,' long, long after the storm' abated and the' - day dawned upon us. : : The little one's sufferings could hot have been much but the. parents O, how heartrending to witness their distress! : . i ; The noblest deeds of many great men's lives are private benefactions performed for humble, undistinguished . individuals, - of .which, the world keeps no account. It is said that the Millerites, 20th;n f The magnificent railway station atTMetz Come, then, at present you have half society Only too glad to find grace in your eyes; If T might venture I know it's andinterMay - at Foxboro, Massachusetts, expected the .world to come to an end July 3rd, and they put on their robes and waited But they soon discovered as the world went on as usual, that they had made a mistake in their ciphering. ...... 1 withstanding Rock Island has tested her new Holly water works and is delighted over the results. The capacity of the works is 2,000,-00- 0 .. hours. gallons in twenty-fou- r John T. wood, Assistant Postmaster of Indianapolis, Ind., has been discovered to be a defaulter to the amount of $1,000 or : 5,000. lie has been arrested and bailed. The veteran financial editor in the United States is Sailer, of the Philadelphia "Ledger." He has written the money articles of that journal for a period of thirty-tw- o years and over. The brother of Miss Vinnio Ream, the sculptress and pet of Congress, has been sentenced by the United States Court at Fort Smith, Arkansas, to serve six inonths in the penitentiary at Little Rock and pay a fine of $1,000 for selling liquor in. the Indian Nation. ' Six of the members of-- the New York Republican Commitieo have, resigned and declared for, Greeley and Brown. The last of the six is Mr. Wallace Tappan, of Syrato prominent Recuse, who is well-known publicans. 1 . . : of the now United States army, but fajor General to of the Egyptian army, and aidrde-cam- p Major General Mott, formerly the Viceroy, is on a visit to this, country. and was presented to Secretary. Belknap by Acting becretary Richardson. In Gold Hill District, eight miles north west of Bowlder, Colorado, what - is termed a mica mine has been discovered The vein commences near the surface, extends down- ward and appears to be about three feet in nekness. : Sheets of it, aro obtained - near half a foot smiare. thin as tissue and as . transparent as glass. Ashtabula Countv. the old home of Mr. Giddinsrs, in Ohio, is the strongest Reoubli can County in that State, but its Republican newspaper or largest circulation supports Greeley and Brown, and at least 20 percent. 01 tne liepubllcans are- - already countedras sure for the ticket. The girls of the St Louis Normal School. it is stated, all wear calico dresses; and if they continue the fcame sensible practice through life they will make all the better wives, and mothers setting an excellent example before their daughters. . your friend and mule jmncher, J. I.'J "Have you had an invitation to the ball ?" asked a bashful gentleman of a younsr siry' said the lady, to which ladyYes he replied hastily, "O ! well, I did not come to invite you, rlr only Hhought : I'd Hke ta L knowif u were goingto Mr. J. J. Adams and the late Surveyor General, and no w Senator, Mr. Phineas Post Office Hitchcock, had an interview on the ; streets of Omaha. P. WH-DiI ever pay yoiffiyc cents for a vote, Mr. Adams?" A. You never did, but I sold you two votes for the Senate, and the bargain was madein the presence of United States Dis- trict Judge E. S. Dundy and Hon. John I. Redick. Do you dare to deny it? If you do, you and I for it. The redoubtablcSenator did not deny the assertions of Adams, who makes good his statements to Dr. Child and Judge Hyde, and crams them down the throat of Hitchcock himself "Omaha Herald." iS;p;-- r d , M. D. Conway says that Miss Kate Field's venture in London successful after-dinnwill probably have the effect of breaking down prejudices against female er post-prandi- al 1 Mr. Proctor thinks that the great explosion on the sun, witnessed by Prof. Young in September last, indicated a force sufficient to project matter beyond the sphere of solar attraction. His opinion strengthens the, hypothesis that many of our meteors M ere ejected by the sun. Says the "Golden Age," The courtesies of the White HousC during the' next AdLprivileges,!- - ministration, will be administered by Miss Ida Greeley, the Presindnt's handsome daughter, a sweet little woman of the most ''.'r""'"''-'""''"'''-'''"''''"""winsome kind. Of ' the sixty-fou- r chemical elements which compose our globe, nineteen have been found in meteorites, and as no single eiejnen t.has. keen. discoyerM J R th em which was not previously known on. earth, it is supposed that the m6$.t distant parts of .the universe are similar in composition to our sphere. The Sacramento. "Diiiy Union" says:- "The Gentile sisters at Salt Lake City.: wear s silks at and;: flash 4heir ; church-going- diamonds in the eyes of their Mormon sis ters. The female adherents of the prophet don't like the contrast very much." Dont they, indeed! If any one has noticed an expression of sadness on the face of a humble, plainly attired Mormon Lady while coming in contact with her gaudily dressed "Gentile sister," it has been elicited by feelings of sympathy for the poor," unih telligent creature who can so inconsiderately waste time and money. Mrs. MabyF. Snom', of the Pacific Slope Woman Suffrago Convention, says that a great many more men than M'oinen, proportionately, seem to realize the necessity and favor the enfranchisement of women. i t 