J LO W TU U FLOWEKS BY THE ."WAYSIDE.4.. ABOUT WOMEN. A Georgia lady has woven a halmoml out of thehair of a rabbit Truth needs no f lower of speech. rTrueIignity never descends to it mean tT ilUluai All V. After selecting the ground for an orchard, gmtorworlnd-digsind-hauizthestonoTan- dr: stumps from it. Plough deep and level the land off, and you are ready for your fence.r Douglass Jerrold. said: the r but most, Sensitive hearts Put" on a erood. substantial fence, that w ill apple that she might indulge in dress." ' are the wisest , happiest. not admit any creatures only by the way of , Mks, Dn; Tarr takesi the place of her busdeliciousKind words are like perfumes; thY gate or bars, and always keep the- fence kind, reeentlv defeased, as editor of the and wholesome in rood repair, and suffer no cattle to enter Benton Md.) "Journal." ofrenerous actions like a rich the enclosure, only for the purpose of A Buffauo: woman has raised $2,500 repast As iron is most strongly united by the Th is fence built you will plough your ground worth of strawberries, this year, from two harrow and workinmanurer to" '.fimfi rmpst friendsh i -is I acrain.-an-d flowofit fli mo acres of ground. ground and seed Mils. Tupper of Bes Moines has- been often formed hi mutual adversity. same. Pick up all the stones and made professor of apiarian- - science in the 3Iake Vour friends well pleased with down; the sticks that lie on top of the ground and Iowa Agricultural College, y r themselves, and yon need have no fears but take them a away so that it will leave ; A YOUXG lady in Ohio, Maggie Ileid by they will feel kindly toward you. smooth surface. Politeness never calls for a saeri nee ot a name, has distinguished herself as a model thoseT Select the rbest treesyou tU fi fanner There is some sense in that single principle of truth, sincerity or nonor; tfiatlire young, straight and undWlienf e iN.JnouWoinen plow, plant, , hoe and but gij)wIout of the purest benevolence. them . up be careful and do not you-takwood for own Dreacli character and chop their harvest: and tried A truth, provedbreak any of the roots, lor they nave, none-- a ji i What do the men busy themselves with? Desr Tionorma nonestyris tne capiuum -- The interest v near each btherJlktUiey will shade the iVertheriargest Suffrage 3IichigjmrStateWoman jonjruhliiid Association has raised six hundred dollars, Vhetf it: is-- necessary.-- to cut Profeiipns of propriety iniiy wini the grpund.-well.and its Secretary, Mrs. M. Victor, is in the flattery of the unwary, but the friendship of limbs, cut them w hen smalt' Let the lower " , the wise is only gained by the practice of limbsjbe w high froin thegroun field as a lecturer. man can piiss under them and not hit his Miss Foley, an American sculptor at Home principles. has been about the most successful artist in To "make the best of it" is one way of beaver. When you prune, Ikj careful and the Holy City, during the past season. Most going through the world; to "make the let no two limbs in the top eliafe each other; . of her work has gone to England. worst of it" is another. The latter course cut off one of the two. Now for the management of A Tennessee girl broke an arnr on the is working hard for poor pay. e ve of her wedding day,' but pluckily went The blossom cannot tell what becomes of You must keep all ploughs and hogs' snouts through the ceremony vvith her arm in a its odor, nor man what becomes of his in- out of the surface of the. ground of your r r sling at the appointed hour. fluence and examples, as they roll away be- orchard. I know most every one says, (and- practices) ploughing, sowing, -- mowingandMiss Eliza Hete1 of Cumberland, 3rd., 23 yond his ken, on their perilous mission. crops out of their orchard, but I say years of age, who lost the power of speech "Who noble ends by. noble means obtains, hauling is a bad practice. Let the crop of grass go live years since; by the effects of a cold, and or failing smiles in exile or-ilike it chains, back, into the ground everjr year, and that lvfil frfnrl iht lwwt tMnrllnl vlrill In xoin good Aurelius let him reign; or Weed like wiltkeepthegroundnellowand richf and :rdderuyfound Socrates, that man is gke at indeed.' ' ' will protect the roots of the trees from the while humming a hymn tune sung by the The" external misfortunes of life, disap- droughts of the season and the cold chills of choir at the service. pointments, poverty and sickness, are light the tali and spring, and also help to keep n Mrs. Somerville, thd author- in comparison to those inward distresses of them warm, rugged, and healthy.; By so ess of thd"Conneetion of Physical Sciences. '? mind occasioned by folly, passion and doing, they will bear well and live long. now in her ninety-secon- d year, was present guilt. You want your ground in a condition jthat and saw the late eruption of Vesuvius. -When upon rational and sober enquiry will bear thirty or forty hundreds to the acre, A California paper reports that a hotel we have established our principles, let us r ? Edt 7 Just before you T gatHer your? ap chamber-mai- d laid, aside her broom a few not suffer them to be shaken by the scoffs ples, you can cut the grass down and spread days ago; and calling for a settlement, told of the licentious or the cavils of the scepti- - it, or you can roll it down, just as you please. : her employer-sh- o. had been dabbling in cal. so that it will be smooth to niek un vnnrt- ,r stocks for a year pr more, and had something Memory presides over the past, action Ptes.- If you think more nutriment to ithe more than $200,0)0 as the result. over the present The first is a rich temple trees is wanted, you can haul and spread A gextleman," recently married in hung with glorious trophies, and lined with manure on the ground, but do not alloto the Chicago, presented his bride at the w edding tombs; the other should have no shrine, but surface of your orchard soil to bo broken, or any crops to he taken from it. with the original transcript of one " of the j want a wash for your . trees first dispatches ever sent over the first h Recreation is to the mind what whetting is at If you shouldfirst scrape the trunks, and tiny time, line, fronrBaltimoro to Washington. to the scythe it sliarpens the edge, which on oil. fish 1 1 wasf the announcement to the then This is the best wash put would otherwise lady's dull and but grow blunt; grandmother of her birth; and- - read, "Only constant .whetting Wears the edge entirely that can be found. -: a girl." what rrcharjJsareidiyin r7- ::: away. is the cause? It is owing, to 'their treatTiik annual commencement of Wesleyan To tell your.own secrets is generally folly, ment, as I have before. Md; ploughing , up Female College Wilmington, look place on but the folly is without guilt; to communi- and cutting off the roots, exposing Jhem to ;. June 20.- - Kine young ladies: were gradu-atc- cate those with which we are entrusted is sudden liard droughts and severe frosts, and ainon whom only. 31iss Pickles,. Miss always treachor for the most part com robbing them of nutriment which tends ao andHiss Housten took the lull jnnea with folly. Jluntzinger, impoverish and disorder ihem,: and i briDgs- collegiate- - course. The Baccalaureate; by to meet affliction The, only-wao ixiss on dety and short llfei FeAfl wk President Wilson, was a frank: and "honest it solemnly, slowly, Aith humanity the trees well,, andkeep through .thejaiimiiindi production, and very much in keeping with and IUith;as the Israelite do will this not 3'ou passed rthrough by brcalang the surfceor the circumstances. Tho degree of A. 31. the sea. , Then- of- waves of soil the or taking the folmge itseryiu ua h wiui misery was conferred in course upon 3Iiss Walters, i m, oil ine uaine rarmer.". vivn;, of Media, and Miss Galliner, of Philadel- Eve-at- :: the action. e may-puffe- - - ? i- -- - a t -- a m - " " r the-grou- nd ... n hww well-know- - . -- -- -- -- : tele-grap- - . A-- - ": d, : . y -- -- -- . a-a- v lA-ivJu- "phia. jrightJdeimdmJhaJeit-iuntili-the.- : : , THE Pnilaclelph ia Boa rd , o f Education have lately had under consideration motion tostrikeoutof their tberule that, "no female teacher shall beelceted to the position of principal grammar had the learning; strength and capacity to by-la- ws to-irma- le liool.,,.T-It-Msrgucd-ircit'a-Aionian'who teach, isascapable of filling this position as a man, and that this is proved bv the fact that they do fill satisfactorily most, if not all the subordinate places as teachers and assistant . teachers. narrows before our eyes, and we land gulf safe oh the opposite shore. Flowers are the delight of childhWKl and a pleasure in old age. Thev tvnifv nil that is beautiful in sentiment, and the language they express is emblematical of the tenSercst or hts and feelings of men. Itomance and poetry aro blended with their histom- How "lillVL: Kiujeu viqici mere nas- - lx?en and is now, yellow and discolored with age, .whose withered leaves tell the story of a human heart more eloquently than human language can express! - aopDAi)VicjK." Dontbe-diseouragc- d-ir occasionally you slip down by the way, and others tread on you a little. In other words, don't let a failure or two dishearten you; ac- cidents will happen, miscalculations will mctil"es bc Illad(?' . thin.3vill turn out . our yApecuuions, ana we may S a.t i wunu wnue 10 remember u.ouncicia. that fortune is like the skies of April, sometimes cloudy, and sometimes clear and , -- favorable. Olive Logan's new lecture for the coming season is 911 "Successful People." 