. i WOMAN'S EXPONENT. HOME AFFAIRS. G9 FACTS AKD FIGURES. and converse intelligently other topics than those concerning the The AyPBociiiyg general Conference upon marandkitchenAnd ter promises tdTe largely attended and more than barniyard riage, greater pains should be taken to inordinarily interesting. w crease her fund of knowledge pertaining to A bountiful harvest has been" gathered the proper care and management of a house th roughoui the ' Terri tory, and the 'people and family's domestic interests, so also should feel proportionately thankful to a kind should more attention ;iind time be devoted to her own moral and intellectual culture. Providence. Tin: office of the Exponent will, after the When a man has finished his labors for the day, he usually has a little time for reading 5th Inst., be found on West Temple street, or quiet contemplation and rest. It would the City Market, upsta frs in the buildbe justly thought absurd and cruel to require ing now being erected for the purpose. of a child or seiantrl-th- e time to be Duiuxo the past week lists of clubs of sub spent in work, with no chance for mental scribers have reached us from different parts of improvement. But working women have, the Territory, the money accompanying each. somehow, so arranged, or disarranged, their Our friends who continue to work for the in- - work that, generally speaking, it is never derstandingly ,,J Olym pia has 312 sctjehttdren;.''. .; will Industrial The Memphis Exposition ifj-af- i Slavery . is to be gradually abolished in : ; . A petrified buffalo, full size', standing and in the act of eating, has. been found hear Spinneyville, Iowa. California has sent by steamer her first cargo of wheat, wine and brandy directly to ... England. The largest water tank on the railroad ' ' op-l)os- ite - J Cuba and Porto Rico. ' creased cjrcujtionit warmest thanks for their exertions in its be- half. On the 3rd inst. the Territorial Fair com- mihcxand on ifuf G i E :j5StT: tlie SeniiOniual Conference begins. These will- - draw a large uumberof auririuiuLi ta tlicit nyof whom we shall be pleased to see at the office of the ' cost $30,000. . has just been completed at Albany. Its ca- pacity is 75,000 gallons. yne ZA moment's rest, or take up a book or paper, chawed up"seventeen rattlesnakes.T "Our' j to use a familiar phrase, "there are a dozen dog beats that. It has killed five skunks in as many weeks. things staring at them, that want to be AccoubiNjG:to;thLStat& Geologist of fMfe done&andf theyx?annbtenjoyr the-litt- le time which they feel as though they were fornia, tho view from the top Of Mt. Diablo stealing. And thus a wall is often built, is the finest in tho world, not excepting any confining woman to the narrow sphere of oi too Alps? . : vtfc.3 w uuu otiiliuivui'? glilSa I UULUU 91U1. J i ISA!. 1UU 1 V io iyu.iv which might otherwiso aid her i v weeics ago in tne loth ant . it. Society Hall, an agreeable and useful member of society, degree of pteservation now meeis ui ine ooeiai nan, twice a week; at in neaitn or extreme poverty, may excuse oFV . TftT, Trumbull stated in his speech four o'clock p.m., on Tuesdays and Thursdays, a woman for being kept much away from at Indianapolis, that there was "money Ladies interested in the study of physiology society, and having little chance for mental under squandered by enough even disadvanBut these will find it very advantageous to connect improvement. the Federal Government every year to buy I 'A! !11. lt.! .1.. soon mcuisexvea wjiu ims ciass tages wouui aisappear, in most cases, a house and farm and give $1,000 to every a and wise if reformation could be man in the State of Indiana-an- d that there Robberjes are on the increase in Salt Lake calledproper into requisition. are 400,000 men in that State." eityywith as muclijboldness as if the villains occurs mat as soon as a young oiten it agiwere operating m the dead of winter. But Italian papers report an increasing is married, she seems to think there is lady in tho classes why need they be afraid? The third District no need for her to pursue her studies anv tation among the working Court Is in session, yet the presiding Judge, J. farther. She may have spent years of time principal Italian towns. "The condition of the working class," says the "Persever- B. McKean, has failed to grant the grand jury and cost her parents much to expense, anza," "has in the last few years completely the Attoniey General of the Territop- - quire an education,, which when it has as- - altered. In the first place, the number of vi.imiw... 6uS ui- - sisieu in gaming ner a nusoana, sne nas no v6to has increased in an extraordi whipt of justice become bold in their villainies. further use for. If that was her only motive workingmen The progress of industry, on degree. In the present number of the Exponent in pursuing her youthful studies, the object nary which we rightly congratulate ourselves, we reprint the first part of Miss Eliza B. Snow's was unworthy the labor and means expend has led to the establishment of centres of brief history of the first organization of the ed. But woman should consider that for labor which formerly had no existence. Female Belief Society in Kauvoo. The de her as well as for man, there is no end, no Great masses easily agitated than mand for this sketch, after the first and second stopping point to be found in the acquire individuals, and it Is evident that a strike ment of knowledge. And she should be numbers-whiccontained It were exhausted, more effectually in a town . industrious and energetic in the pursuit of can be organized f f l l aro a thousand workmen than is an where there aro a hundred. Wages have present number with which to supply those eicellent thing to know the easiest and where there as the xcs m iueuiu um- - best wuu uiicxu to keep a house in perfect or not increased in the same proportion methods w arc uui, uu luis uuax--, uui uew suo- - tier: how to prebare a meal -- of - victuals prices ot the necessaries or ine, oesiuesseribers from this date can receive the Expo-- quickly and tastily: take the advantages of which the demand for labor is in this coun- . f irom lutJ preBciu, muiiwr uuui me euuion a heavy Aashlng and ironing, or spin your try greater than the supply." now printed is all sent out. as we shall print an own stocking varn and knit It Tint, nil this Professor r.JxmQj&o, .rjOerllnr gives I an interesting account of the tnmsfusioii of of conies of each subspoiinnt fniml fiuantitv nnt an 1U " infnri'n " f V I V. v ttioII VUitU nnri M4 l'L lO OI1U - witrhi. awf fa haiOIOOU lfOIll PLTSOUS 111 ITOUU Iieauil iswun nn w am oh o wmnon w t nV xji v jlv winwtMtv iiciiiu tM,va. to and beTif her wavs are awkward, who had: been poisoned, with the most happy dutv EDUCATE YOURSELF. on the 9th of I)e- results. He states-th- at triior-Tr.- if k n "ri comber, a voting man uus poisoned by tik hor mind unnnU ivjifpd to bo wTas designed AVoman mass of eight ! in ihw fhinn-something.1 win mQtA , uv.a vy. ing a solution of. the ignition . . . . . . - i .... 1 j. tmore man a aomesnc aruage; ana it is not greater use to the world than merely what bundles of matches. On the llth of Febru-rigfor her to confine herself exclusively, is nmv n nnr.Amr.ii.nri ary, after causing the excitement of the w uy 111111111 nv, mu ;uoi.ulj, mtug lady: that is. to have a knowledge of music atuvlv 01 i no or transfusion of 580 cubic centimetres of prospects interests, hopes nbi fn snonir PmnnK thoughts, Tff n o,i above and beyond so humble a sphere. For, fashionably Combine a consistent tiortinn wholesome blood, which had just been taken as are common all honorable and from three healthy persons,: was effected r worthy nf tho two. nd mir in Uii branches of labor, the hands should not alone arithmetic and into the vein of the arm, 500 cubie centi TnnHf be industrious; but the brain should also be mvhy and sense, and then on securing metres being taken, of the patient's own go wv va- -i Mttin "" imuuticu uh w nf wisdom hro nnri nHiOPft uioou, iroin un awry, ai inu suuiu uuic office-holde- rs W gM J 1 ac-whi- ch i are-mo- re , h i 1 1 . - A 1. "J. , I l4.1Vt. X ll I - T i m x. I : i v. - " ' nrrT vf 1- -- . q : I - . ht iu-mv;uw- .. . i nWonul Wuuo ,w rn MUU UtlVA 1UJ1U V. things connected household duties keep pick and even les3 importance as welt Sensible and adding to their store. them ing up people say, that a girl should not be considG. ered marriageable until she understands how to make good bread and wash her own Very large fires are reported to be again clothes. - Exactly. And we would add. raging in some of the Michigan woods, and neither should she be imagined capable of apprehensions are entertained in some ouar-iniing the position or a truenvire ana mother uts oi a repetition or the fearful scenes cf fall. . unless she can, at least read and write r did thing it would be, were the doctors only capable of ejecting all the diseased and cor rupt blood of individuals and transmitting that which is healthy and pure; thus mak ing sound men and women of all the un- - 1 uri-la- st j sound ones. But tho query is natural: Where could they obtain sufficient pure blood fotf the purpose? f I : 1 