W OMAN' S EX PON EN T. -- X- LITTLE MARY'S WISH. V i nu iirtb neara me Drown It: FARMERS'. ROY& FACTS AND FIGURES. r,itants; wlipro, manliness and,indepen- - . about farmers7 Ka that is dent nobility school was in existence. rarely ever witnessedin those who grow up Ho I've wishel such a beautiful thing! in cities. The city boy may .be r pol A Terrk Haute.- Ind.. professional sheep- - ished, and his with a little quicker perhaps I thought I w.uld like to ask something for yeu; heLhas not fine shearer such seen that says mother tongue, but sound him and you will But I couldn't think what there could be fleeces teen in as last. the this iif want while you had all these beaut'ful That you'd years year's find that he has not the depth v of mind V things clip shows. ri' N , or the manliness of character that are gener- Besidea,: you have p pa and me! Tiie nknagemof the New York and Erie ally possessed by the hardy untry boy. he- - is strong, for so I.wished a la!der; So railroad have issued an order forbidding the The latter is nature's-chillong. Urat 'twould stand One nd by our own cottage door, , his lacultieSr are and independent. ra&totimnta fearless nf uimtuuug nfif iiraia i iiim , ', uuio ofu nil ivjuiuiw And the other go up past the moon and the stars healthy and active, and he readily masters And lean ngftinst Heaven's white floor. along the road. the lessons that are spread out so abundantly Ax of in the English lady Birming around them. He studies the works r and city, Then I'd get you to put on my pretty white dress, ham has been made to pay a fine of 20 for beauties of nature, and being unhampered by With my sash and my darling new shoes, And to take up to God -- gi vihgan-undeserve- d-' 'recommendation'! the rules of conventionalirv:he seeks i the The most beautiful ones I should choose. to a, discharged domestic. nnf nrnl ohnrRo of thinss he does ?nbt under- himseiiMor the-sol- u And you andde.r papa would sit on the ground Tiik model cheese factory of Utfca-maupon stand, depending ud kiss me ana tell me liood bye; last season 21 1,500 lbs., of cheese, which tion of his most difficult problems: thus he Then I'd go up the ladder far put of your siijht, common-sens- e : . and t, soldJbr,S21t77G.81.zr The business ;will -- be becomes Till. I cm to the door in the sky! practical, and when he goes out into the largely increased another season. . .. I: wonder, if they keep the door fastened tight? with men on those princiTiie Lincoln "Statesman" says: A care world he deals If but one little crack I could see, ples. J He understands human . nature, too, I would whimper, Please. Father, let Mary come in, ful cinvass of the political i status of the as he has learned it fromhislown disposiSh' a? tired as she can be!' Lunatic Asylum taken yesterday gives the tion and his keen observation of the cona. And then, when the angels had opened the door, Train, duct of other people, and, his common-sens- e ioiiowtng result : urant, 39 t, u. Hfl would fay, 'Bring the little child here,' 4; Greeley, 1. Strickland is their unanimous ' But Ili-'him that human nature is and alffxak fo softly I'd not be afraid; telling choice for Congress. And He'd smile just like you, mother dear! ways has been the same, ho. knows exactly, You - "true:'jiwitimiwUh. I aarnni sine, nii.. 'twin rAiw ""J 1 7 imfii rwontK, " nnt' - "n 7 sino-l- o O r i 1 - ; ; .. : . d, i ' : " -- . I'dlfiacLEQnie-Whitajrose- s de . self-relian- - -- . i H d A new cave in Schoharie Oountv has tp. I hntc fn nnnmnpli mpn when he wishes to It ha, gain his purposo. ?a au oi i xne greatest men oi every cuuiiuf; And pai a and cousin, and all that 1 love owuw,uip, awwiuura aim meresi,. u dem don t you wish 'twould come true? ' tnose ieiiows. JSear the. centre-i- s a dome I acres have been farmers' sons, ana tney ;wiu be untiLthe end of time; and the secret of The next Jrng timeriwlien the robins canieibome, about a hundred feet high. united i' hey ovei. grass and flowers t It is estimated thaWfiera are 400 saloons their success is their 1 hat grew where the foot of the ladder stood, and erroceries in San Francisco. r whioh die- - with industrious, temperate habits, iney Whose top reached the heavenly bowers. pense annually 20,000 barrels of lager, '500,-00- 0 have neither the time nor the means to study had dressed the pale Mtt'e child And the parents gallons of wine, and 2,000,000 gallons of the sciences and fine arts. . r ut the ftiglit to toe summer land, There is still a brighter future for farm he more stimulating fluids, the total value rose In h fair wljite robe with one r ers' boys. The great improvements that of which is $10,000,000. Fuldcd tight in her pulseless hand industrial and commercial growth of have been made in farming implements do The "::;;;lEXAMPLES;3POII,CIIILiJ)BEN. Tfnltr Hiirincr thn nnt, ftiw: vnrtf lioa Kacn away with a large portion of the heavy and markable. Genoa alone, with a population disagreeable labor that formerly could not care ' The chief women, especially avoided and enable one man to do as f of only 150,000, has now twenty-fou- r great to the Church of those belonging ix turner houses, with a capital, of 162,900,- - mucn worK as iwo or mree eumu more banking : thatshould time their 000 francs; twenty corpontions, witha capl- - Periods, so that now farmers have Jesus. Chnst; be, be- children'-- ; are; properly ami minds to read and improve their taught. They taljof 42,328 francs, and lorty-fiv- e insurance " come''familiar with events that are ranspir- sjiould realize, too, that the examples combanies. ivliich they set for them are most likely to in ine Avontu i ne greiti jutreaeiH uuuks ing The 12,760,000,great pyramid weighs life. Yet how 000 mark their steps through tons, if anybody wants to know. Ac- h iifiAnTi ft, this all often forget important many of us, in : subject, instead of keeping it constantly for obtaining knowledge, and if farmers take to men build To 100,000 twenty years it v view, as a safeguard against anger, fretful show the mechanical value . of modern advantage of. them as they should, we will im i ness, jealousy and envy, and many other soon find our most polished gentlemen and Dr. LardneraflSrms that 480tons provements be evils that might mentioned. cultivated scholars among the youth : of the and maM11 hoisting en?in: one dreamed A few vears aero, I of night country. "St Joseph Reflector." stone to raised wouia have enme, its every and church at President .hearing being Sisters the diide 1 concerning their position. Young During ms short stay in Paris the Prince wool The total product of the world for of Wales took occasion to pay a visit to Mrs. clothinir, and I looked at the sleeve of my dress; it was white as snow: for which I felt 1871 has been given at 1,121,519,000 pounds. Jnhnsnn: nf TLiltimnrp. formprl v Miss Har-a deep sense of satisfaction and gratitude. The largest contributing countries were as riet Lane, who was staying for some weeks My eye wandered downward to the bottom follows: United States; 177,000,00Q pounds; at the Hotel Westminster in that city. The of my skirt, and I saw two rows of black ngiana, itu,uuo,uuo pounas; Australia, compliment was not only consistent with a pounds; La Plata, 138,000,000 truly royal courtesy, but was merited by the trimming there, which annoyed and per- - 152,000,000These four countries furnish 627,- plexed me. How could I get that ugly pounds. recipient, whose claim upon the recognition or 50 over cent off 000,000 of off? the it the stain pounds, If I ripped per of the representative of the BrUish throne trimming total worse even look would than the product andstitches was well established during the years that - of- areamortification and the With Manhattan entire The Island is she presided over the White House, at trimming. these caused awoke. acres. I out acres reflections, set 14,500 by 1,800 Taking anxiety Washington, and at the -- residence of the to myself, "I have been aside for public parks, and 1,038 acres left American Minister in London. As niece 'Well,"-- I said and . fretting worrying over nothing; and by for streets and boulevards, and we have 11,- - of the bachelor Presidentshedid-lhe-- Jvu acrea leinriox-onuai- ng purposes. Uf honors of the White House with a delicate maKing uiijiri5uuuj44grcuauie .which" is the black trimmingI have dis- these 11, 0C2 acres, 7,253 acres are now occu- - courtesy and a gentle dignity that gained quieted my home, and cast a gloom over pied by 101,000 houses, which leaves only the respect as well as the admiration of state the pure minds of my dear, sweet children; 3,809 acres to be occupied! ' These ;3,809 visitors from abroad, equally with that of which bad example will leave a hateful stain acres,at twenty building lots to the acre, the people. It was a true Republican Court that must be carefully erased in the right Would make 76,180 more building sites on that Miss Lane established, oyer which she .it vill grow-upo- nf the island. . ,The last census gives our popu- - ruled without pretensious display or foolish wayf-orrmaking them even more irritable and un- lation at 942,992. . If we increase during the extravagance, but. with an elegant grace loveable than I have been." We cannot nexttwenty years as fast as wo have for. the that gave an easy supremacy. It was she take too much pains, mothers, in seeking to last twentyyears, our population .will have who welcomed and entertained the Prince live near the Lord and to cherish a peaceful reached 1,600,000, : or 100,000 more than of Wales on his visit to America, and we and loving spirit, that we may impart the enough to cover every inch of ground from can easily believe that the return call of the same, to our offsprings, both U'fore aud after the, Battery to Harlem River. "New York Prince in Paris wa3 prompted as much hy their birth. Iora. laper." Inclination as by royal courtesy. ?WfflSffiH v self-relianc-e, : snow-whi- te W A JrZ,T,.; . , P.00' . . ; 5 - . my-ehildre- n, ! - 