' Wjien 1 Mr& Isabella Beechcr TTpnHfnrr hpfnrn fho T -- . . ,Willimjintin Rplprfmfn WOMAN'S EXPONENTr HOMEMADE FAMILY MEDICINES I reasons. for believing so, and. she said she could see it in the twinkle of his eye. " I beg your pardon," said Mr. Lincoln, Mbut that eye is a glass eye." Warranted to be Better than the Best Miss CusiimAn gave an evening's read and Give Ample Satisfoct ion. ing in Chicago, some time ago, for which she was paid 1,500 very generous remu neration for an hour's labor. A correspond- ent of the " Christian Union" says that "in spite of the mouthingsand mannerisms that ,.,., ijumi, u,iT aru iiod liof fnr f lion nnv Lnmmn r ; mestic dickering to hear imi- - w herou,T read Betsey I uu Y - iiow thercburchT canliopertaiTnakena Erood fight against the theatre when it has failed thiskind of talenf. whe5 "ue1 in the cause of truth and purify, to find a fitting place for . EXPON E N T JOHNSON'S Hooker vhs for theiidmls'sion of stated thatrshc bclicved oncr-theTeiii- le men before her' was' in sympathy with the movement (referring' to 3Ir. Lincoln, the lira!- - W OJIAN'S W& WALLACE H latest and purest Has the best, tionary in Salt Lake city. ' to purchac QAMPBELL & stock of confec Just the place for ladies ' PATTERSOy. Dealers in Book?, Stationery and Newspapers, East Temple St., Salt .Lake. City, Utah. Orders from the country solicited. Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries, general Agents for Womab'b Expokikt. T ABIES ! Go to Taylor & Cutler's for Dress Goods, No tions, eta Also the Cheapesttore for Family Groceries in town. Call and see. . , EED SEWING MACHINES. I 'iT,-- -- :. rl. - . , " C02SKLIN SALVE. For Uins r noJ n The aim of this journal will be to discuss every the side, back, breast, or other parts of the system, subject interesting and Valuable to women. It will vuus, wounas, sores, etc Price 25 cents. f contain a brief and graphic summary of current news local and general, household hints, educational mat ters, articles on health and dress, correspondence, editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its columns and miscellaneous reading. ESSENCE OF LIFE cures cholera, diarrhea, summer complaints, coughs, cholics," It will aim to defend the righV inculcate sound toothache, and many other ills. Price 50 cents. principles, and disseminate useful knowledge. . Utah, in its Female Belief Societies, has the best organized benevolent institution of the age ; yet, but little is known of the labors of these self-sacrifici- shuttle machine In the World, i bews ine and Coarse. No Springs nor Cogs. No iaKing apan to uu or Clean it. Send for Circular to 97 Kimball Block, Salt Lake IRA PFOUTZ, AgX ; ; JThey have been grossly misiepresented through the press, by active enemies who permit no opportubrin the r nity to pas3 of maligning and slandering ibem r and tonivcathanic, stimulan V and soothe, by removing vith but limited opportunity of appealing to the inthe cause of di.sefi.sn. Arn eofa on! : ii telligence and candor of their fellow countrymen and cases where cathartics are required, for either sex for country women ia reply. J . U1U a UU Will I1RVHT J ' Who are so well able a more lo speak for the women of "ie rf jpported pills. Price 25 cents. Utah as the womenof Utah themselves ? " It is better to represent ourselves than to be misrepresented : by others H EYE BALSAM. For dimm83 of vision, weak or For these reasons, and that women mav heln each arooping eyelids, inflamed eyes, old ulcers, sores cracked etc! other by the diffusion of knowledge and information or sore lips, hands, ringworm, tetters, Price 25 cents. possessed by many and suitable to all, the publication of Woman's Exponent, a journal owned by, controlled by and edited by Utah ladies, has been commenced. The Lightest Bunning viiy. The women of Utah occupy a position which attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and women everywhere. They are engaged in the prac tical solution of some of the greatest social and moral problems of the age. and a powerful interest is mani fested throughout the United States, and it may be said, the entire civilized world, tb learn from reliable sources the views honestly entertained by them ox S these questions. d, BONESET PILLS. Purely vegetable. They . .. . cleanse ana punry the Wood, stomach and bowels, Act powerfully upon the liver, kidneys and urinary Stitch Alike on Both Sides. , LADIES' JOUKNAL. to-d- ay Im-orfe- , V-- - . A UTAH ng Societies. In 'Woman's Exponkkt a'denartmiint These medicines are for sale, wholesale aid retail, at will be devoted to reports of their meetings and other matters of interest connected with their workings : and to this end the Presidents and Secretaries of the various Societiesithroughout the Territory are re-quested to furnuh communications which will receive ' ZIOX'S due attention.. DKCG STORE, 4 - ' - ; PUKNISH YOUR HOMES. Miss Eliza K Snow, President of th I would advise the Ladies who want fine Sets of furniture to call and ;iarJor and examine the immense stock kept Salt Lake City, and at most of the by to-bu- Bed-roo- , At No. 31, y m IL DINWOODEY East Temple, Street, and No. oouth Street. 75, stores 1?f the journal, UlnW V Womak's ExroxiEST will be published lemi-monthl- If not kept in your stores, ask beau ior mem. ToitrmAa.n(9 DENTIST n.rw'dw.ni w'ort of Hours from 9 a. m. to 5 j.m. TERMS, Strictly in Advanco : t n.. . 51 Coiy one rear. W CbLies OD8 vear monin. ikiVi 1U Jf C'OKlflJI Kir Tn.nk. - ve stores throughout the on commission, or sold at rates Territory advantageous fur-nuh- to purchasers. ed 1 ', r rr Jl.OT mm . No subscripUon received for less than six months. JpVPIES'BAZAIt. . It is earnestly desired that the Bishom " of Female Kelief Societies and others interested in MRS. WILKINSON, a t0 lhe nioney, work of this kind, will interest themselves Uth;ized' K,SIlI0yAnE IlLLiyKR AND Dukssm Wki in getting nd ivn" MMamtuon...ir.r ir. - ana. up clubs; ten .1 -- :i for the price of nine.- "7Ti copies scaler in Millincrv-- Straw F UWU1UK me puis at expense of Jrta,J "ii -- :T".r',u. n alli kind . ... W--- onnt UOOU3, Iha nmnnM nfrns. -""'I-"'.C""' -disposed of. Address all communiratinna rorth0 T;Z-V70oo1- ?rfom the Publishers Womam s FxroNENT, re from lhe Laboratory of Salt Lake. City! m country so- jichhi! patterns sent C W MU, aoor west of 7 J. K. JOIIXSOX, Hf I. Wholesale Dry Goods Denarim p,u..a wK? T0d -- 4 .v Mn,M .., St .r iir.ifli.-v-p.-TlraFyT- -. y, each number containing eight pages, quarto. ine lonowmg low rates will place it within the reach of all, and the hope is that it may be made so valuable that it will be found in every family in Utah. -- nSSffl.W Office Mnm a ia " ; First T)H. WML GKOVES, t ive throughout the Territory. eiiei societies, cordiaUy approves and will be a contributor to it as she ' her numerous duties. - .... - George, ytalu . I 