WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 34 , Dismissed nmigh thrv fill their mission. FrkitjrM wi'h' noble womanhood; hik M h e s u Is a n d d L ati' um rich and pur and gutL. 5we t i l,.n AN ADDRESS FROM THE YOUNG r LADIES. ; -- with sinking:, and prayer by President Mrs: Drown. f 17j ConferencirronventHir luihuly pursuant to acyournmeiitinthesehogl rAt 1 10 , house at Harriott settlement; Sister Beckington presiding. Singing; prayer by Sister Ballantyne; singing by the Scandinavian hoir own rnncue: minutes read and approved. Sisters Beckington, BallanMiss vie tyne and Fiwlsham made remarks. "When ca led upon, in such a kindly way, B. Canfield read a report of the. Ogden We, from our hearts, a few good things can say: afteroi uod, ana nve Society, from the Exponent, and 'tis good to be a Mamt REPORTS. SOCIETY B. F. In the pure light II U loving mercies give; addressed the. meeting. She was folward a time to at 'Tis good gather likethte, lowed bv Mrs. Jane' Bichards, Mrs Hmily Ana y ieia awnne to ammaiea Diia: Tis rood to mark the change which now appears, The Young Ladies' Betrenchment Associ Bichards, Miss J. Bichards and President Among the Saints in five and twenty years. ation of the Eleventh Ward, of this cjty, Mrs. Beckington. After wnicn tne meeting on Thurs adjourned until 2 p.m. Prayer by Mrs. a creditable held meeting highly They came to Utahcame with heart and mind day; July 18th. After singing and prayer, Frodsham. GiVn to their God, i and to His will resigned; con- articles from the Bible, Book of Mormon, At 2 p.m.. They settled here 't has oft been sta ed how, '; We know the difference 'tween then and now. iMpotlno onened with singing; "Millennial Star" and other works ' were vonvl Good U the picture illustration paints read by officers and members of the Associ- - praver bv.Mrs. JIannah Baml; singing ny 7 OrGod8 protf etion to His faithful Saints; tliCTcIiWinavianS IfowTmfdbTivationrstem. and tryinrtotlr LittionSdliessiLwao He blest their labors, blest the seed and soil. at the meeting previous, to be siwkeri uiwn. Beckintrton. Jiaird and Cordon. WRITTEN ON THE OCCASION OF A RETRENCHMENT ASSOCIATION PARTY, GIVEN ON THE TWENTY-FOURTOF JULY. 1872, BEING THE TWENTY-FIFT- H ANNIVERSARY OF THE ENTRANCE OF ' INTO THE VALLEY OF THE GREAT PIONEERS THE iL SALT LAKE. to think that f shion' bubble?, v " From ono car c uld eel u frn. Is, like courting cu5elep trouble?, , j.. Jtjxnt ense .in the firrt degree: Let m honest mind bdarkened, Future scenes will Shortly jroy hath hearkened, Who to wisdom's ' Aiding every godlike move; O! H ;'," -- , . , - - -- ' 'Tis good for us to know the Gospel Truth, "Which brightly beams upon us in our youth; nd that our parents have that faith embraced, Whi h will unite the humble, pure and chaste; A nd banish all wholove and revel in The wajs of vice, licentiousness and tin: it is good that we need not disguise, The holy feeling which such things despise. At aboutS clockElderBichards arrived. Manvanimated and instructive -- remarks were made, and rich h nils given upon that He stated that ho had been detained by. the topicand others. The genuine spirit of fire in Ogden. He felt very much pleased - " ' . , purity and freedomwhich pervaded the meeting, seemed to render all present Joy? ous and happy. iThe rnauner in which .those meetings, held every Thursday afternoon, are conducted and attended; ; is very coni' to the President Mrs. 'Mary mendabie,-botFreeze,Vand theiinembers of the Society. the tousee the deep interest manifested by Sisters in seeking to do good; they are not sent abroad to the world, but have missions at home which are great and responsible Sending for the poor is the beginning 01 We. may and dp despUe the seeming man, their redemption. Who seeks to baffle the Almighty's pun; 7 ;; Elder Harrison spoke a .short time. Which is to save, exalt and elevate, Woman, with man, made noble, wise and great: It was then moved, seconded and carried We cannot, in false friendship seem to cfothe, 7 ' : Mrs; Amelia iM, Frodsliam writes from that Mrs. A. M? Frodsham send a reiort or The dread we bear for deeds we justly loathe! Y Ogden City.- July 20th, 1872: .The; Sisters this Conference to the "Exioxkxt." Yet with compassion's voice would fain recall, Vice's wretched dupes who gaz and yield and all! came over from Lynne and Marriotts settle Conference adjourned (si ne.die. " ments, both belonging to one precinct and : Benediction by Elder Marriott. We know that wo are free our freedom gives asked of and were gnuvted byBrarT p. two and bene hat c6nndence? for which proud woman live?; interesting very a tlm which For we have pride, not that fumes and flaunts Bichards, J pri Vilegeofliol(l ing rwo days' meeting, of which the foregoinig isa O'er fashions follies and her favorite haunts; ofthe Conference b. when B, days' Society, I Rut ignorance and fripp'ry thrown aside, thev issued invitations to some of the Offderi brief synopsis, was inaugurated and eon True dignity and virtue are our pride; Sisters. I, for one can test lfiy the Spirit off ducted by Sisters Beckington, Tracy Balrd Our motto Honor, Truth our whole defense, Our aim to perfect rich intelligence. God was truly with us during the two daysMand of Xynrie nnd 3Iarriott settle- Parry,; meeiing, ami 10 me 11 is ii teswmony. inai ments. Uence, we regard those who are Saints Indeed, the formation of the Society is of God. A having right our youthful sWps to lead; The Conference And never to ought else may we submit, Tho fnllnwiner is from Mrs." Maria Parkin Or in the least descend to follow it. Sister Ann at 16th, Lynne; BeckingJuly "We feel that wo are safe, while being led son, of Wellsville, Cache County, under date of the of President ton, line Society joint Ly By tru3ty followers of our lawful Head; 25th:. and Marriott settlements, presiding.: Sisters July. And, sooner wou'd tee all unite "; This branch of the Female Belief Society With one good man than one be led atrayt present from Ogden, President Mrs. Harriet fa in a very healthy . condition. After de. Secretary Mrs. A. M. Frodsham, Brown, Not lacking charity, would gladly see. poor for Treasurer Miss Bosalthie Canfield, --Sisters ducting $102.05 for the relief of theWe All mortals healthy, happy, blessed as we; have the year, We have on band $352.23: Jane Bichards, Maria Ballantyne, Eveline nlsn Possessing morals which alone can make floriated 50 to iht P: E. Fund. When The sweetest joys1 of which mankind partake: and others. with Farley Meeting opened ' Grateful to God for His parental care, the fact that for the last six years we have singing, and prayer by Mrs. MrBallantyne. had the terrible Anxious that all the same good gifts should ihare; plague of grasshoppers to Mtf nutes read by Mrs. Parry.' Secretary. And closely follow where our helmsman steers, tiiken into consideration, we To lives Eternal in Celestial spheres. iTesident Mrs. Beckington spoke, welcom? contend with isdone well. Our efforts have think we have from the and Sisters that ing Ogden, stating Ere we conclude, we wish to humbly pay, been blessed; the poor have been comforted, A generous tribute Co the passing day; they had collected, in the Society $100i for and the labors fourBishop greatly-relieveOft clothed in gladness may it reappear. the Emigration Fund. During the forenoon love on which our Father, in Still to the Saints held sacred, sweet and dear, It is alaborof v VJJ UldlCl ., And crown anew, with love and peace each year, neaveu enuies apiJruviugiy. A M."FrWlsham. Presfdpnf. TT The home of every good, brave Pioneer: Their friends.theirneighbors.klQdred great and small. Sisters J. Biehards and M. Ballantyne from w ives, sonsanu uaugnters, Heaven Diess mem aill wgaen ana,C5ister iracy, 01 L.ynne. - All . Pnm.tnVYf.v1f1npWi1 foqr nrwl lnno-hfelt welland bore faithful testimonies, to the ter, and both for kind SONG. purposes; for as laugh- "uu, ter enables mirth and surprise to breathe '7, ness of God to His children. The so tears enable sorrow to vent itself meeting The object of Betrenchment,-fo- r us, is: dosed with Ringing, andf prayer:, by Mrs. freely, paUently. Tears hinder sorrow from be Not to sit us down in sadness, ryl pomin despair and madness; and laughter With our faces grim and long; Met again at 2 p.m. Called to orderj is ono of.the very highest privileges of Not to chase the smile of gladness, Not to hush the voice or song. prayby PresidentIrs.Becking- - son, being confined to the human species. Not to miss one puretrue pTeasufe7 vv ortny space in neart or Drain; Not to lose a single treasure thvMn!lnJ0r.8:Uo; u a xt t t - "Madam," said a husband to his young But a precious store to gain. and n 6" in l"tle altemition which will spring were expected at the meeting, but 1.... Ladies, who o'er idle fashions, not did Mrs. President arrive . Beckineon A a Waste thir time and and ' 1 - h :-- , ' - , 5 1 he 4-T- ; conveneti-therTirst-d- ay, to-d- ay -- - d. "-- T 1 " I 1 -- 1 -- . '.' Ti V;;" rea-sgm- g; -- - as-the- strength thought, Feeding vain sndselfish passions, While their lives amount to noughl; ' their Kno w not of the untold weetne?8 ' testimonies, and .Wrought for thos who cultivate, COurain rpmnrlr Powers of worth which incompleteness,. . r Ev'ry virtue will create. " coffers laugh and mock their plainness. Casting slurs and jeers thereat; Pause they for the worlds insaneness? No, they have not time for that; ' of.Goa wtui it-uiaij- ike-a t-- boref two " u-a- m v instructing and en .rr.n firo is bumlnfr'-- t, S iimuweu,. una nnei meelinif i...i-. to . advance towards reeoncilia- ought' 1 ! 1 1 iTTI i iwiurcu, "xno-ueuuu1 wiser uir ai a kls3'; which: giveawith ; 