AV O 3tV N . i WHAT IS IT? 11 , , way, ... ' . , 1. ,i, The poor, the widow, and the fatherless: To clothe the naked and the hungry feed, , And, in the holy paths of virtue, lead; To seek where anguish, grief and sorrow are, And light the torch of hope eternal, there; To proFe the strength of consolation' art, By breathing comfort to the mourning heart; ' To thase the clouds that shade the aspect where d mis'ry dwells, and wake up pleasure there; -With open heart I' extend the friendly handp To hail the stranger from a distant land; "To stamp a with' ring impress on each rnovo That virtue's noble self would disapprove; To put the tattler's coinage, scandal, down, And make corruption feel its scathing frown; To give instruction where instruction1 voice v Will guide the feet and make the soul rejoice; .. To turn the wayward from their recklessness, And aid them in the path of fiappine. . , titnfn nmnn- thoin? Tu'lnin in immifri!ifi the poor from other countries, to send - mis-Mothe- rs ionarieabrixu build railroads, etc. A meeting was held on June 1 6th, at wh ieh Bishop Jnkc and others made aimroitfiate and intnmstinr ro- woraau pray. ineycanTipproacirnearer to marks. the Lord than men canvas a general thing: They also semi comrratulations on the or my mother did. 1 could not do as my favorable debut of the Exponent. mother could. These societies are not onlv calculated for a means of relieving the wants A SENSIBLE WOMAN. of the poor, comforting the afflicted etc., but to correct ana improve yourselves and each A New England girl tweuty-sevc- ji Irear ;... other. fl of age, who Mas disapH)inted in a M.ft), mbwaluablc ?nal1 , rWUoTncB? Smilli Elder and foUowcd by others, by sing- ;r 4 . lourned 1. S, present, by lho SccrctiV SS" HTT'HBi'ailUFR' I'""- juwai jh-- luviuw Mion i . iodH: IM tr SOC1 KTY BEPOUTS. InaiS uiui'-j- ny gei- - o - I . i K7i.rVA'T:l-.Sd?';r ill :i MfiiinMnno lArtmio .sjiir nd-f-u years ,s,7.Wi3;receiviHlin-rashrine- r' one, ehandisc Sf which S201.86 wis leaiing ??rV?nt "WU'oukeeper, she S527.79 iu disbursed, on '""1 i" hn fburlancnts L"' m at date of'report. end4-.rncn8?2for the er'tab'f HMdacrconauctcdher own was one item of SoO dofmted to Wist the of e' slic loaiic(liiufe poor to immigrate: and other items for clothing bestod upon those who needed y?WtgmeKlMMflmilnHtlA. Ii C 1 fi I nrrki anI i yvit.i.-eareindebted toMrs. 3IaryA.3Iaurhan. it lout kq,.o, , i i Tjii; Female Belief Society of the Six- (fcnth Ward of this city, held its annual ificeting on June loth, in the )Vard school house; and the following- - summary of the minutes will be found interesting; ; After singing the second hymn, Mns. Z. U Young made remarks: 'Obedience is better than sacrifice, and U hrarken than the fat of rams." I feel-iiiinability to we are all yet, dependant on one Father. 'Although, according to the flesh, in ert sting report. not been for his frequent visits to his fair v have different parents, brothers and ' n.lr.tm.? of."'c Fclal creditor and ihe cheering advice she always rsfprs, kindred ties and associations, by w e Pn-l,in.r At iastftemviugvajnj which we arc linked together here; yet in A?Tv Jt-'1'resident iU'han. ' for more than f.- -r .vw.rTTtTriir striven i . the grand chain of the Eternities we all beKuwl .VJ " a,x,vo his it ?Vi'"'s "lirfortunes, l,c relin.iuisl,cd ali r'?v"s long to one family, and alf look to the same great God 'for aid and comfort, if thero of the.Secre- - this anounccmcnt, was lm ladv Uncnec of sickness iiUhe creditor, was a time when we should be faithful tary, the hnancial.rciu.rt family was not read. old the witnessed Sharkey, their sardener, now. 3lothers waiemui, ami wreiui, u is Tor ' ""H " V she . owed lfltli her interview; look after yonr daughters- - touch them to 'be i, n- r Eldl-n to f0,AV-,Iwithdraw rf.sl01,VmuI when a gentleman modest, industrious, and .virtuou.?Moses ? on duties of liiothers in was present . uu- wiuvi ii penainiii"' to rtri a ( , e,l uvt I ntl.eirsoiwlo become She still tried to .encourage the merchant tne rncsthoorof (iod, the law of celestial good and wise men ,n the . of as Kingdom God; but could not succeed this t marriage, which is for. the redemption and he daughterstoa,,,u.retheaecomi.lish- - he before, Ms too fergonc. S,K! 6ffcm h ,n Kdvation of many. 1 pra,-G- od to bless you, ments necessary to enable them to which he refuse.l to trike lV uV moey, my sisters, InHi young and agrd; and help useful as helpers m the is forgive the debt and gm.t work which thii, us all to keep the faith. ebefore and instruct us; thenrhowtij-bng dedinT was which T"i lii.'n tiLiiur V likewise Lit in... it, ji x , rMii ii, wing present come ornaments m also pslrt, They with spoke promises for some fuhire in e by invitat ion, was requested to address the .. commendation of that had goo.1 gri'at when all be refunded, would ax. 1IUJ1M3 OI JUS TC- - been hi,v ma--i 1!. Society of the K aceoinplishel by After he had l, w. marks is contained in the following: I may this "i and felt to en.ounige place; Tsam bless t ,he he say, my sisters, 1 hardly expected to be us in our efforts to relievethe necrlv. to beiwne his nere. i iook uioiuiiese Jocietiesand their, 1,0 i .:.7. sn?rl.pJ Th i.,o(ii.., .r.i,:....V ii,,.,. iiivu " ilUlll jitrn iivjji'in wile M'ork as things of gmdimiortance;andsomo-tiine- s the meeting of the Society, which itofl "Ills wife" wonder why so long a time elapsed after Mas monthly he SI,Jircy, on the first Mondav in June when held ha, never said anything of the "why, the break-u- p at Nauvoo, before a reorganiza-- t the .flnam-hiJdnd to ion.wa s madel I look-a-t i t as bei n " as that since the organization of the Soeictv know it replied the iadv. aiirf essential as any othdr organization of the ihv ' ... J" . .wvv .j .... Pricfrtlioodr-LjHllkf nun. Ifn mothers in Israel devolve profits on latKr, etc., of which AVUJl aH me time, but never ventum great responsibilities. To them belongs the .care of their eh ildren; tonourishj feed, dress and instruct; and in a great measure to educate. Upon you, mothers, depend the train " ing of the future generation. You form their ciety as fast as possible to make f ho rlnm llc,s' juiuus niouguis, aspirations. I know by ment of their rsonst !he OI experience you can destroy or mnkrv v tlmirnn-nlThn Tiiomhnn trk. can tell what a mother is when you see her debts are all paid up, and he and his heroic children at play. In Cache valley, there was manner " ,l theTr in very vonr'iifMn rriV? happily peaceful V a munoer oi nuie girls playing keeping-hous- e Pntfon nin which "1" n oeautilul home. i'-t and making Women are not all fooLs, arc Que was Sssure-yNthey? playing mother and dictating.? When there was a nice, large, roll of butter laid it on one side, and said, "Now. is to go to the Tithing Oflice, it is betterthat i ,hc report v u tuuiuu.i iu 111! .j.the rest.;' Tliattolda great story for than bodies of the unfortunate than tl the subscription list. ". . Af C girl's mother. The child showed' her me :wua men of the among teaching. If children treat each other kindlv desert. We do not dispute the sad stateMrs. M.- a. Boici: and Mrs. Emily Hep- - ment. But what an atmosphere to live in! i", . fllym A St, i - V y ctj "'T hi SllTf!; lr - V. w nevci M - iiK-ij)ir- s 1 me-an- d iKX-om- e maSv I y. soj-iet- S on,S.i . rt-n- l g-j- ust rrt S U'' o i,. m ' : yor, mud-butte- r. - thewelZ'W hemanshh m Wvto. - " m. v.Kyiy -; ; J , -- um f 1 in-Mru- j ! they take an active interest in the proiiio-- . tion of good, relieving the wants of the des- - wa v he mother docs, argue? That it is the , The father is away-- the mother at home, wnnrn' sho mflv friM'h hor children to- - 1k mjldjmtfToving, honest, gentle and good, havo'a Ix'tter chance to lead their children in tile prpcr way than the fathers, They have opportunities afforded for culitva- ting the blessing of faith. I love to hear a bless It is an order fitted and designed To cultivato and elevate the mind; To seek the needy in their lone abode, Supply their wanlrand lead them up to i ing cross,-command- i EXP OK EXT. and courteously, it is the spirit that is in worth, President and Secrctary.pf the Iv Tt, stilled into their hearts by their mothers at Society at Oxford, Cache county kindly home. Vfa often hear children sneak in a forward a renort of thoir If tHn ,;,Sitv. THE FE3LYLE RELIEF SOfclET Y. It is an institution formed to S C,?..T1ffa "f "J'W J! 