WOMAN'S EXPONENT. NOT ALL IN BRINGING UP. It isn't all In bringing up, - t Xet folks tay what taey-wuYou silver-was- h a pewter cup tf -- It will be pewter still. . N' IL'cn he of old, Wise Solomon, said "train up a child,", j Who I mUtake n ot, raised a son. If Gay, rattle brained and wild, 1; T t: i A man of mark, who fain would pass For lord of sea and land, 2lay have the training of an ass, And bring hiui up full grand; May ive him all tne wealth of lore Of college and of school, r Yet after all make him, n9 more Than just a decent fool. Anothor, raided by penury Upon her bitter bread, Whose road to knowledge is like that The good, for heaven, must tread, Has got a spark of Nature's light, -- -- lie' II fan itJo ajl ame, - - -- Till in its burning letters bright ; lhe world may read his name.. Jf it were all in bringing up, In counsel and restraint,ri fcjome rascals had been honest meii: ' I'd been myself, a sair.t. Ub! 'tisn't all in bringing up, IM folks say what they will; Neglect may dim a silver cup It will be silver still. . T 31 and a half, thus indicating anyu neglect in winding it up.- The mere winding up of the striking mechanism takes, two hours. rTlie pcndulumls fiftceii-fce- t long; the wheels are of cast iron; the hour bell is eight feet high and nine feet in diameter, weighing nearly fifteen tons, and the hammer alone weighs more than four hundred pounds. This clock strikes the quarter hours, and by its strokes the short-han- d reporters in the parliament chambers fegulato their labors. At every stroke a new reporter takes the place of the old one, while the first retires to write out the notes that he has taken during the previous fifteen minutes. T . "itjEi'AitABijs ixss." xne most remarkable strike we have so far heard of is that of five hundred women in the north o England and against the high price of butch erUmeaVpotatoe and iilfcA4ower price was fixed for those necessaries, ,and--i t ; was resolved to burn every woman in effigywhd purchased at more than the strike rates. a s , T" . . FACTS AND FIGURES. ."Iowa marble is of superior quality. Carrara; ItalVPwiiFwltir querries. - ' V, Key West sends - " 168 "marble' - by the shipT load to Baltimore. ;' v-- : More poets flouristi successfully in Austria cs pinc-appi- than in England, - Tiieke are over 500,000 affiliated Masons in the United States.-:- . PoiiTmAi in a hundred-ye- ar has not-- v quarreled with any power. Five nations arc working this year to raise ; T flags on the North Pole. A discovekv of emeralds has fieen made on the G u i ilea coast of Africa. .'. i :2 The latest "foreign' effect JJJUlLUierimin miners have struck. Tiger Tail, a son of the famous Seminole I must Chief of the samenan i Oneweakminded sistercxclaimed ..' ;- "I have a bairn," at ivey west. have m i Ik for my ba i rn. " retorted the strong-minde- d The annual expense of protecting the six chairwoman, Mrs. Iletherington, "and can make it some thousand inhabitants of Arizona from the V flour that will answer the same purpose. If Indians is $4,000,000. we lose abairn it is a reparable loss which A natural spring that will intoxicate, ran be easily overcome. I propose that Ave situated near Kern Itiver, Cal., is delighting MISCELLANEOUS. cease purchasing; butchers meat, fce., until the Indians of that vicinity. the butchers, fcc, reduce their prices in acNew Jersey raised by a local taxation, Ax Indiana fanner, after trying to trap, corda n cc wi th ou r terms. c Tesol u t ion last Th year, for school purposes, $2,375,000, poison and shoot the rats that overrun his was carried with "Ex"great applause." which was an average of $11 a pupil actually premises, lKught two goats and gave them cha nge. ' the range of ya rds and stables. Within a attending school." week every rat emigrated juid stayed away cnrsADi; against War. An eastern. There is said to be $25,000,000 invested until the goats were sold nearly two years paper says: Mrs. Julia Ward -- Howe has in sillcmanufaeturies in this country, and afterwards when they all came baek with crossed the Atlantic to enlist theaetivesup- - the productions of these manufactures"sell all thei r friends. A second edition of goats port of the women of England m a crust' at $:JO,000,000. -; ; war. The were procured, and since then not a rat has against object of the prorosed An East Saginaw' pastor declines an ad crusade is a praiseworthy one, though the dition of $200 been seen on the premises. to his Siilary on .the ground isnot understood. Are women plan clearly more is that it than he wants to do to collect SENTENCE."! expect to to into ofMaids bands of organize Saragossa, the he already has. that sidary pass through this world but once. If, there and rush with dishevelled hair between confore, there i any kindness lean do to There are over G50,000 scholars in attend or are they to moderate the armies, tending fellow-beinme do now. me it let Let any of their husbands bv gentle ance at the public schools in Illinois. Teach hot defer nor neglect it, for I will not pass martial ardor to stay at home? The latter plan ers numljer over 20,000. School houses, log, this way again." Most men live as if they persuasion seem to have its disad wantages, for frame, brick and stone, 10,773. Expendwould to come around .again, expected, perhaps, in case of war between England and France, itures for school purposes for the last year, do will the kindness they neglect when they v successful $7,000,000. to do during the present life. Concerned for if the English. women should be to St. Vincent, Fla., is an island of 7.000 in inducing their male defenders stay at self, they fail to love their neighbors, and French women should not, acres, owned and occupied for the past three distribute none of those sweet charities home, and the Mr. Hatch, a gentleman of intelliM a which are to our Jellow men as the flowers the benefits of peace policy ould be rather years by It is not surprising that Mrs. gence and fortune, formerly Mayor of Cinof spring and the singing of birds. Let the who chooses-tlead here the life of words of the Quaker stimulate us to do what Howe has not met with much success among acinnati, hermit, solitary and alone, save -- with - a we have to do" now." We will not travel the robust damsels , of Albion, who have servant or two, and seeing few visitors. heard more than they have seen of the evils , this way again. of war. She should try Mexico. Immigration into all parts of the State is A Botanist says that Sap Jx Plants. An Icicle Two Thousand Miles LonT.. arge. The influx is now setting in in full the sap in plants or trees goes up in certain tide. Not less people will bo According to a fetter from St. Johns, N. added to the than 75,000 pipes in the wood or stalk, and when it gets population of Nebraska in the to the leaves, it turns about and goes back F.,m thexsew iork "I w," the Arctic re year 1872, and in less than ten years a mil- have this year thrown off an ice spur toward the ground through other pipes in gions ion souls will occupy this magnificent region, an of --magnitude; which is unprecedented the live portion of the bark. The sap that down info the Gulf Stream, and whose arable area is fifty per cent, lamer drifting a has water in it, much goes up great deal of. , The ban that of Illinois. of which is left with the leaves, so that the chilling its tropical temperature. that since last January enormous The library of the University of Stras writer sap wh ich goes down in the bark carries fields ofsays ice,sometimes 200 miles in breadth, bourg now numbers 200,000 volumes. The back to the ground but a' comparatively old library had from 300,000 to 700,000 small quantity of water. Through the pores have been passing the shores of Newfound and was so loosely managed that of the leaves water is let off into the air. land in almost continuous streams; Tim volumes, no catalogue was ever made of it. nor is The sap is not perfect until, it has visited thickness of this field of ice is from twenty there now a leaf of it extant. Any man in the leaves and been touched by the air, to thirty feet. The distance bctwen Biffin's where the ice fields are formed, and Straslnnirg or the province of Alsace may after which it goes to all portions of the Bay,waters of the Gulf the where the draw. hooks. The cityf however, is attemptplant, down through the very roots, and massesare "dissolved," Stream, is from 1.500 to 2.- - ing tofound an opposition library, and is from it every part of the plant grows. The iicw layer of wood which is made from the 000 miles. Itmaybejiffim Samcai. A. Hitchcock, of Brimlield, has inner bark ir Jtrevreverj--ycar7- " I sTormcd xr?nTggeratioii, that a river of ice varying from 50 to 200 miles in breadth and 2,000 just giveni 00,000 to Amherst College and miles iinenglh7has been for three months $50,000 A Big Clock.-T- 1i e large clock 'at the pouring, incessantly its contents into the E;icli of torlMnllipseidcm these institutions lias at a previous English parliament house is the largest one tepid waters-o- f the Gulf Stream. Last time received 875,000 from Mr. Hitchcock. in the world. The four dials of this clock-ar-e winter wasfearfully severe, and the quantity AtAiidovcr he establishel tlie Hitchcock twenty-hy- o feet in diameter. Every half and thickness (if the ice un)recedented. professorship of'"'Hebrew language and minute the ioint of the minute hand moves The irruption of this immense mass of ice literature, and at Amherst the professornearly seven inches. The clock will go eight into our latitude may account for the cold ship of natural theology and geology, also and a half days, but only .strikes for seven and liackwark season we then experienced. learing his name, besides six scholarship. . - 1 1 -7- g, one-side- d. o , i - cl 