WOJI'AH' EXPONENT. JIY 6ISTEH, J.E0N0IIA A.3IORLEY.: 'Li ONE WAY LIFE IS BUGltTKD. HOUSEHOLD , HINTS. . TTEDKOTKD TO HER FRIENDS IN BR Kill AM CITY, WHERE SHE DEPARTED THIS LIFE, FEBRUARY 11, 1872. 3o A woman who attempts to carry out s:of system, order and, economy, is con stantly liable to liae them crossed, and her expectations violated by the inexperience or negligence of those about lier. The business of housekeeping consists of items so small that for want of care and order, the whole" often becomes a confused mass, and everything must, inevitably go wrong. such" times, . an orderly houser 'Tis hard to part with those we dearly lore, But parting cornea to all. No purer tie-- No holier sympathy warms human breast Than that of loving sisterhood, where heart- To heart is joined and interwoven with A long, well tested and unbroken chain " Of mutual confidence a confidence Unstirred.bvenvv. iealouswW.breach L il ' keeperJs aptto t f sacred trust; Where the broad stream of thought giving vent to her irritability in harsh, re Flows unabridg'd: where eachcan think aloud. proving words, a calm, decided spirit is the Such was the love inspiring confidence, f v best calculated to meet such difficulties, for Strengthened as yeara accumulated with; . ; Ours was the sweet My sister and myself. the restoration of complete disciplirie. Scold Reciprocation where each sentiment ing.does not ; do much good, and a con safe as heaven's v Found safe . Al-though- . repository Jfternai archives. groat part of. the rrd iiiigery-tirrthe'o- arises, from persons ',uot understanxling. each other; sometimes from selfish indiirerence on the .sulyect, sometimes froiir thinking that to do so ispetty and puerile. Two : ; people, for instance, are thrown' into intimate daily. relations. One understands no suffering that is not purely physical. If he is not hungry if he Js jiot tbi rsly,; if he, is noti'old, if he has a roof over his head, jfHe is. iiot bothered, whether iiecess irily or otherwise, his life is rounded pff To- - shed a tear for lack of synipathyj or appreciation, or love, after that, is to hiin lunacy, and to be treated as such, itljharcl,-:Oradgriworthy of such a creed. a sensitive nature, delicately tiriuous stream of complaint and reproof is Now, imagine susceptible tohe generally met by sullen silence or, imports so which make up our lives, grieving over nehce froni aTTiiId3r or ind i flef en t " wordsV1 w here tender rough -resoluti uturei ' -- A .. at1 . v , ml non-recogniti- on But my sisters gpoe! I feared I felt I knew she soon would go; -J But when beside her bed I watch'd, and saw likelirtorpreveTitrany otri)f f ahe lat fainthreatJi which fed the spring of lifer recognition shcnild ham4j6meattheiright or Exhaled, it seemed frail nature's tend' rest cord amendment, anyregretm moment, like medicine a tenderness which Was rent asunderr ana a crushing sense woman mcanor. should A her duties, costs not h i ngperhaps only , a simple . word regard Of loneliness, like solitude's deep shade, and aa and her or caress, or look, e ven ; . difficult, feel moment me made In that unguarded dignified, important hungering day after of all earth had As though the lights mind may be soothed and even elevated by gone out, for besides the hard practiday something And left me desolate. a sense influence of her of the : calities of life I knew 't was false r riizzi: :: she feels that she is a cypher example: I knew that many noble, loving ones, ' ljack as And true, remained; but none can fi'l and that it makes little difference how she ing conscienUously,jfteye The Vacsnt place it is impossible; -to far less she has her duties, performs labor Th endearing ties we hold as saints of God, , day after day, week after week, she feels sustain the her than if importance month after The ties of consanguinity, secured with a heavy heart; and of her station and the weight of her respon the other month, By sacred cov'nants which the Priesthood binds ' eating, sleeping; drinking,- - as in On earth, and 't is recorded in the heavens, sibilities. different to the suffering caused as if life We shall perpetuate beyond the grave; JSternal union with the cherished ones ' For House Plants. A good fertilizer is and loyalty were fulfilled by these Jatter - Will crown the glory of immortal lives. : made by dissolving one ounce of glue in one conditions.. True love, may multiply its object mosts It is very poor comfort to answer that dif-gallon of water and use for moistening the Extensively without diminishing , Its strength, but love accepts no substitute. nature have differing limitations: plants. When the fond mother lays her darling down as one vessel may hold a gallon and To Glean Decanters. The best way to just In death's cold, silent sleep, though others may a pint, and each be useful in its Bo added to her arras, the vacancy clean decanters,Tifter wine has stood in them another Remains until the resurrection shall way. Would it not be well for this stolid for some time, is to wash them out with Give back her child. choosing such relationlittle pearl-as- h and warm water, adding, Jf nature,to voluntarily My 6istr faithfully the ask -question whether there may Life's changeful battle waged her life was full a spoonful or two of fresh slacked ship, necessary, not be real in these cases,' though Of years her years were hll'd with usefulness: . lime; A few very small cinders will facili he himselfsuffering Her trust was m the living God, who hears.-- ; "Never felt so. and therefore tate the action of the fluid against the sides And speaks as He was wont to hear and speak. can t unuersiunu 1U is ic not dutv. as She loved the Gospel and exemplified '. vessel. the of m as knew life. ne Her heajt such juxtaposition, to It in her deceit, Ayell wisdom, Her lips ne'er moved with fulsome flatteryy-He- r Take the whites of make an effort to " understand it,n and not Hoarseness. For tongue with guile. Other positions of. two eggs, beat them and add two spoonsful coolly to deny its existence, or pronounce it Responsibility, as well as those of white sugar; grate in a little nutmeg and Of wife and mother she has nobly filled. : sham, because he has only one nerve Her sun went down in peace. 1 or her death had water. Stir sensitive to pain or pleasure where the then add a pint of hike-warNo stingthe grave will have ho victory well and drink often. Repeat the prepara- other has a hundred? Her noble spirit lives and dwells above. , tion if necessary, and it is said to cure the It is pitiful to think how, for the want of The casket rests The pure component part," most obstinate case of hoarseness in a com- this, some natures, like prisoned birds, beat Th eternal portion of the human form, In life combined .with the gross element : nemselves against tne bars of a relentless paratively short time. Bleeps in the bosom of our mother Earth, Secure from nature's changing processes fate, till, bruised and maimed, they drop, at j WHITE of eggs for burns is now used ex' : skill.-s complex Despite decomposition' to be preferable to east for the timebemg, into a hopeless des tensively, and seems But the gross, earthlT substance, that which is: Both tangible to mortal sight and touch-For- med collodion or cotton. : Seven or eight success- pair, their songs stifled, their Avings clipped, darkness and silence reigningr, : where with infinities that downward tend of this substance, sooths and ive . . applications i it.ii-iunu so Strengh'ning our hold on this our lower life, music Dngniness migni excludes easily nave the air pairij and it effectually Clinging to earth as like adheres to like come. frohr the burn. This, soon as life becomes extinct, by dint " Ah, it is blessed that, in another world Of one of nature's fundamental laws, one Dissolve ounce of Lemon r has Sponge. of law The there will be no limitations. Else how could restitution, commenced, And separates till all is disengaged isipglass in a pint of boiling '; water;,, when Heaven be, with natures one half paralyzed, Till every parUcle shall be restored cold,, strain it and add the juice of three as here, for want of space to expand chilled, ..'. Back to.it native element, to ..-..- . ; -lemons, strain ed ; two ounces, of white sugar, stunted, frowned upon, denounced, for lack Transformed in.infiniteyarietiei otherforms--Through To new creations and in the rind of a lemon cut very thin; beat "ail of that . charitypwitliout. which all else is ,. every grade of life and being hretfi -- '. tbgetherand strain it. When nearly cold, compjaratiyely valueless? From earth "and nerbago up to brute and man-r- r of two eggs well beaten and Fropa land to land from clime to climel transferred; add the "I never feU so; it is all nonsense." I . , : -- -- far-reachi- ng Jf . -- ' . -r:z:: -- . . it-- - . m -- tr f! 'r :. - .. leix . -- Tv-hit- whisk it until it becomes of the consistancy noydr .yet saw those, cruel words inLeaving the pure unchanging-elemen-t . ( When all that is corruptible has been or 'sponge; wet a mould' and put in the scribed oh a tombstone as the cause of death. Dissolved and passed away) to rest to sleep sponge It should bo partly' settled before U util the glorious resurrection morn ' One-t- h And then come forth in triumph from the tomb . the Iwhisking is commencedt-j3rjtjYilLtakup another, especially if-And clothe the spirit with immortal bloom, ; ' the first thing is an emetic. longer to do. Adieu my sister, we shall meet again, And live on earth when Jesus Christ shall reign., Raised Cake Without EciGS.Stir to Eliza R; Skow. I If you want to.test the ingenious tortures coffee a : - - . -- -- iNG-brin- a gs ; cupful of light- brown gether large or white sugar and half a cupful of butter; add half a pint of sweet milk and half a pint of .warm water; stir in flour enough to make a thick batter and half a cupful of yeast; set it to rise over night and in the morning, stir in a cupful of chopped raisins or currants, and a teaspoonful each of cinnamon, cloves and nutmeg. Put into baking pans; let it - . A dauber is always ready to scrape an acquaintance, and often cuts them too. - of the inquisition; place a pretty girl in the house with a lot of old spinsters to live. If they do not get her on the rack. ; within a month; it will bo an exceptional case. : Some women imagine they look well in anything, and consequently go about in the entire cheese. dowdiest kind of style. Arms out at the A miser grows rich by seeming poor J an elbows are endurable, but when it comes to extravagant .man grows poor by- seeming rise until. perfectly Jight, and then bake sour hair and toes out of stockings and shoes, rich. . . t Is too much. slowly. It's the way with mites there is not oncof them that does not think himself the - ; 