' s i WOMA.X' S EX P 0 X E XT. 54 SOXG FOR THE TWENTYMO UltTH, abiding by her own decision. That this or I h All hail the glorious der should be misunderstood, ridiculed aiu ThtrinrthdHyjofiiotniffaTiti-frupdespised by the brainless and bigotteil "last The breaking liVht that ushers in men" of the day. is not to be wondered at, Th' eventful dawn of liberty-.T" r-" ; ) to debriv'e them: of the fi ft is fjdcnlated " Hail to the ragrel Pioneers ! selfish and hateful abominations they de and be Veary dusty thugh thiy light to revel in. But that woman, with ':'' 'Tig the tread of empire at its pirtti her more chaste- - and elevated conceptions The herald footsteps of the free. of honor, sanctity and Intelligence, should Oh. Father rain tby blessings down ! - Thus prayeth every h'art anL tongue, ZIL.I.. proclaim against it is more surprising; although I believe this to be merely the re On the chosen of ihe people's heart?, Twenty-Fourt- -' . " ! 7 ; Truth's nobleit champion, Brigham Vourg. AgskssS. Abmstkoxu SOMETHING XEW. t - LS IT? A writer to the "AVoman's Journal", and a believer in the sujeriori ty of woman over man, says: I t would scehV that" this vvondelfflwdy of our sex, more delicate, more beautiful. more highly organized, more sensitive, vet .. i HOV , -- x;, ,x: wondertul power, the divine power of giving life to other human belnifjvBhouid he treated With profound reverence at all -- times." When I read this sentence the question voluntarily arose in my mind, "How has woman been endowed with that wonderful, that divine iowcr" True, it is not emphatically stated that she passesses this' power independently; but if thcr expression is not intended to X'onvergeto such a doctriner itjloejKtexilain .JJseljucJiVa. theory can be sustained, what a strange, new and delightful period is dawning for woman! She has, '.'indeed, gained a superior and su- perhuman kisis, and need not trouble herself any further aWut good huslnmds, bad husl Kinds, or huskmds of any kind. If the time has come when she can obtain her chief glory "giving life, to "other ".human beings" indeiendent of her.inferior (!) associate man the world's troubles must be approaching a glorious "finis," and every w uppnseu ui li, uut Jiow IS "" nuu AY omen out our way don't understand it? -- Jh e haye not far along goti; who AVould And no suit of si hiflv- of comnrehension. j wonder women are blinded to their own in erestsin this respect: they have been so fniiiiilptolv bnndwinkod b'v the falsehoods of corrupt and senseless braggarts. r - . AIVETK. AMlSEMEXTS FOR THE YOCXG. over-dresse- Among the many rich twints, finelv dwelt irooil bvf Presidents H. Vnnn nnd (1: A . Smith, in connection with the testimonies borne by several of our prominent elders, at the late two days' conference held at Logan city, the importance of retrenchment In cooking atid in dress, was forciblpre- sentetl for the Consideration of the sisters. The use, of unnecessiiry and injurious beverages and tobacco was earnestly dis countenanced.' Immorality in every form was s)oken against; and truth, virtue, benevolence, and every attribute of a redeem ing and exalting nature, were strongly vindicated. President Smith - advised la dies, when cooking and arranging a dinner of which friends were invited to mrtake. not for each one to think shemust excel- - eyerylyrtels The imix)rtance of surrounding the young wit h cheerful objects i s seldom s u flit i entry recognized. Ilow often is the nursery the dullest room in the house ! it should be the most cheerful, and have, both literally and figuratively, a sunny aspect. All its contents should have a lively air. The walls should le painted of a bright color, and the carpets be of a )attern noticeable bjthe distinctness of its figures or the warmth of its tint. Colored pictures of a briirht, obiective diameter, large representations of animals and groups of flogs, horses and farm-yarruddy boys and girls, elephants cheerful scenes of the field and playing aiid merry making, should be so hung on all sides as : to death and have more dishes dirtied than she could wash in a week." Two or three hours sliould be time enough in which .to prepalv a good, respectable meal, and if her company came filled with the Spirit of the L.oru, as they should do it would be inucli more satisfactory., to t h em than i f sh e worked three days and went to unreason able expense to provide a sumptuous repast. . . i .""." mi i nis is' sountt, wnoiesome advice, which every woman in Utah should gratefully receive and profit by. AVhen Abraham and Angels, instead of m(P tarts and sauces, with ti-ndings. "pies, cofli'e, they had bread and butter and milk. and somo veal for dinner. And when Jesus. he Son of God. preparwl a meal and invited His to attract the sight and animate the spirits disciples to dine with ilim .''it is not re of the little inhabitants of the nurserv. corded that He soreacl before fit Pin nn' Their eyes and ears should be, as far as greater variety of dainties than broiled fisii uchwisdoin is niauifestett by possible, kept closed to all scenes and rela-tio- and bread. of horror and cruelty. The excite- a few of the flatter-da- y Saints in seeking to ment of the natural terror of the child at adopt some of these simple and healthful darkness and solitude must be carefully rules, and snendinp-O- ti" - - - j tllltl to better advantage than in trot- avoided, and no threats of summoning streng ghosts, bogies, old witches or other mon- ting up costly suppers. And it is to o sters, so fearful to the childish imagination, hoied that many more will follow the same wise example. Much lalor isi should eyer be permitted. jrformed by i With ncreasing age youtlf finds In t he the women of to great disadvantage cfunpanionshlp of its fellows the society and to no real purX)se. Ketrenchment in which is essential to its happiness and ac- almost every branch of industry could be quires that knowledge of the traditionarv aptly applied without the least injury to art games of lKiyhcxMl and girlhood which isurl or convenience and comfort. Anil thus endless source of gaiety and pleasure. The woman might secure much valuable time, top, Iwll, marbles, tag, leapfrog, hare and for gaining information herself, and imparthounds, prisoner's base, and many other ing it to her children, which now seems to ' amusements of the young,with their varied be unavoidably wasted in hard work. ' " inducements to active exercise of the body -lk)Ys at IIOME-- An and enlivening influences upon the animal intelligent and farmer to a have value the child for "Put thrifty says: the spirits, proved by of the e'ierience of all timejind all countries. boys I should have failed. The is near twenty-onAVe regret, howeyer, to learn that as eldest and the other they involve certain roughening and dirtying boys in the neighborhood have left their of the hands,- - reddening of the faccj and parents mine have stuck to me when I disheveling of the hair, and uiKiuestionable most needed their services. I attribute this wear and tear of the clothes, many parents result to the fact that I have tried to make d iscoiin tenance thenu They are denouupeil ilMliea. by tTi over-- f efihlnl as tfie games of the rude with attractive and useful reading: and children of a rude age, 'and as not genteel when night, comes and the day's 'worlc-i- s enough for the nicer otlsprinL' of iiKMlem endedr instead of rrunnih'ltlrtUief. boys civiliziition! They undoubtedly afford the to railroad stations nmr n(i!A!ni-...- . young just that combination of mental' ex they gidher around the great lamp, and becitement and physical action in which they come interested in their books and pa' delight, and from which both mind and pers." " ' ' : Sarah-entertaine- r d, ns w A -- x ' " 1 to-d-ay "fchawanebeke," prays daily, "Thy kingdom come," and means "Woman Suffrage," please explain? And as a comien-sation- . I would politely and in sinffrltv few pffera suggestions for her consideration, in cuuuccuon witii tiiejojlmying true and,vcry sound sentiments from her own pen: "My 'daughter of fifteen asked me why the good and sensible girls had.so few: oeaux, while the silly, d .ones couiu marry wiiom they pleased ? 'Because mere are so few sensible men, mv child' 1 answered. 'Almost every superior woman feels that in marrying she must accept her men go' now. Were it custom,,urior ary for her to select whom she would favor with her love, she would choose more wisely: and brainless men would not le so eligible now brainless girls: AVhen women assume this duty and privilege, and when mefl fare educated up to it, there will be more and happier hiarriages.' Xo one found it unfeminine in Victoria to choose her own husband." "While it" is an undeniable fact, that in nearly every society in the known world, body receive so much benefl t. AVe there"almost every superior woman feels that in fore decide, without much hesitation in marrying she must accept her inferior 'as the case of fine clothes vs. men go' now," it Is also a healthy and truth pleasing children. fine the happy clothes. n leaving :1,,atJl: Kn-a- t and gotxl Creator hath the lawyers sayf we believe, "to le rnst fnr by which His intelligent and ' 7 damages." and humble pure daughters mav be more Parents should Jiot onlv encoumo-- 4i,nir faiilyand equally provided for. A law bv children to play these famous old games out Avhuh every true. ami noble woman may oi uoors, out iclaim the right of a virtuous and provision for pro- - uie cniiureirs amusement at home. "Har- godly tector and fOfn'iiiion for herself, and father per's Bazar." to-d- av SEXSII3LE RETREXCII.A1EXT. for her children: making her own choice, co-operat- ion e, ji -- ' pre-PWMVap- lan mate-abunda- nt " It is : the duty of every true woman to look as beautiful ns Klin' Mn ....... to brighten and gladden the Jo .Tf 4 l 1,1 l.ntr lllll ,i..4.V loveliness just as he flowers mw? skies and waters gladden it. sense of the beautiful should alwavsnnil be cultivated, for thus will lier thoughts be made pure, and her mind the home of sweet and lovely things. Rpflnem love of all things beautiful. Ex. Her 