' t .t ' ' -'- ' - '.il. ' a- ':. - - ' ME T11IXK Til 18. Let me .not think that the world is all selfish ncsf, 1 Let ma believe there are still affectionate, Still undocdivinj?, unsor.lid and true. Though often death's undisputed authority, UJftims the most gifted, the freest from guile, Yet their dear spirit3 slill mako earth Ihoir dw el ling . place: Let me think thu, and le happy the, while. Lot v q not think' that our (iod, unremittingly, Leads ns poor mortals in ignorance here, Thirsting for knowledge, expecting anl wondering: One day with light He'll envelope our. sphere. No more of doubt urn disparagement; All will bo sunshine, Jehovah's elad "v Freely wfr''l drink at tho Kount'of InlellifceiiCiZZ Ioi mo think thus, and be hanpy tho whip. L L TCaT(je5rnTrdrTinrfi5f dark, somhr otritcT" he-.r- - .' dark-shado- ws v- i: - .. ' " ... WOMAN'S lht - ." 11 1 -- !i)lTSKirOLl) HINTS. Z T oa k Cojxk. Boilyellow jWlou : Slate i i t Imrk kt in an ron le t 1 1 1 i .. i , . XPONKNT. and butter j dusf in a little flour amongst them, and cover all with a thin puff paste. Bake qu ickly when the fop crust is done the oysters will be done also. If to be eaten hot, serve as soon as baked, as the top crust quickly absorbs tho gravy. If to be eaten cold, let it cool untouched, in the plate or pan. It is quite as good in this way as hot, and is excellent for pienk's or. for traveling. iss' Beeciieu has remarke( that t here is nothing which so distinctly marks the difference etween weak jand strong minds as whether they control circumstances or circumstances control them. And Mrs, it ma ny 7 wel meaning j, VlxdHsay s t ha women, eating, drinking, clothing, cleanliness and order of a household constitute the sum total of all life j while the moral, the social and intellect ual n terests a re wholly neglected. But, with assistance suitable to the ialxjr a proper itnproyement7oftime tv - '.. . he strengt h is aiul friend could speak as she did about Mrs. K. j and then meetjier so cordially, and say such pleasant things to her, she might do the same by nie. I don't khowut shhieans" it all wlieu she .says " come and see me ! now do 1" in Mich emphatic tones but I'm afraid she does not ; so I have not been to see her lately. She lias been anxious to know 'why. I have kept it to myself till now, not telling, even my mother ; but if Alice reads this she will Ix? in doubt no. longer as to.whv I did'nt call. The other part of my explanation is for the benefit of Mrs. K. (an elderly lady) in particularf;iiiidZto all who may need a like hint in general. 3frs. K. is such a good-iia-ture- d, d woman, that it affable, to on me call her. All forgood always did mality was la id asidi?, a nd I could be so much at home in her house, and always felt that I was welco ie 1 e re ; for her words were kind kind-hearte- 11 1 1 e andinotherly,rju?'t extracfed.Z 'IVikeont tho lark, then add a they carrv with them the assurance need not berlight- -very Hlittlermperasni ed, and w ill not unless an undue importance llmktMpfiake eolo rw ft I I went there one day, not many minutes is attached to the grosser amlMower pleasChicke: Mincer chicken ures of the appetite and personai adornment before TOnner t ime, feeling very jveary andj aloped nvitlrjean ham and a little: pepper mixed, in There3rCMuiesigid in IheTr all here lice taintniaviiigtakeninoif seal lop shells or a fla t d ish, add t wo large to a system tliat toake Mrs.zBz wa s pa rthey never adlow anything st ili a longer one spoonfuls of cream, cover with crumbs, set to interfere with it. Kven the sacred clainis ticularly glad to see meanl wanted to know iH'fore the lire lo brown, with a little butter pf friendship and be sacii-fice- d why I had delayed call fug so long. I Ba t z mui hospihility Z. on top. ZZ to "washing on Monday a cold down, threwmy hat on to the center table, jand : 4 " the album. Apple Float. One pint of stewed ap and frigid reception is often given to a friend and took up here comes "mother N.," called ma, plet; when cold, . sweeten and flavor to whose visit might interfere with the iron- out"O! Z Mrs. B.M little daughter, taste Just as you want to .send to table, ing oil the succeeding day. ." Well I won't have any mother .X. here d But a true, woman will not add the beaten whi tes of fou r eggs, lightly ! I've had enough of her lately, and into it. jth cream this makes a take upon her one or two virtues only, but Will in kindness embrace them all, reflecting can't put up with her any more !" nice dessert B. with much earnestness, and I could see is not all of life to live." that it always a Bath Cakes. Mix well together quarshe meant what she said, or thought I could, ter of a iwund of butter, lull f a pound of flour, WHY I BO NOT CALL. though I had- never before jeen her so two large eggs, aiid a tablespoon ful of yeast j moved.; set the mixture before the tire to rise, and Dear 1 low Mother X. appeared at" the7door. r "Exponent:" when this has been effectedt add two ounces Having a little. explanation to make to a do you do, mother X. ? Sit down, dinner of finely powdered sugar, and half an ounce coueZorm friendsf,n(l think ing itmight will soon be ready how tired you look !" of carra ways. Roll the paste out into little reHoAvz'MirpFisiTjl prove mther a good hint to some others, I cakes j bake them on tins. would like tooffer the same! through your gained her usual cord ial manner and pleas-atone, and greeted mother X. the same as K3fi'KTfKs orroMT Meat. Preiare the columns, if not objectionable ; and will enshe had greeted me. meat as for a hash or some hashed meat deavor to be very brief and explicit. I turned the lea ves of the album over in a A short time ago, Miss AUc that has Income cold will answer the (alfriend who was and is very dear to nie) and myself hurry, ami a mse with hat in hand just as add to it some enough ' to stiffen the consistency, mix it ' together Were Walking along the street together and dinner was announced. " You're not going ?" wi Ui the yolk of eggs, shape it into small chatting in a lively manner, when suddenly " Yes, I must !" Z balls, dip them into eggt roll them in bread-c- Alice stopped short and said in a low tone, not lefore dinner; it's all ready." " Oh, mbs a nd grated cheese, and fry them " Hush, let's walk morolowly !" ":But:I must hurry ; mother will wo" Why ?" I asked, and she answered, brown. Glaze them, or serve them with 'ZZ, tomato sauce. " Because there's 31 rs. K. crossing the street nder" Z''Zv; .' ' ! : now !" You to " not meet do for I wish O, and flon't her, The Foi.rwixG Iressing for .salad is very like I and she always makes so of " Good bye." . And I haven't called on much her, much liked by some, but does not suit the !Mrs. B. since, though I often meet her and taste of others. It is also i id to be excelu t M rs. K. xi w Al ice she professes to feel real bad because I do We walked lent over sliced tomatoes"-i- the Summer. and waited at slowly, the corner to speak to her. I not come and see her. Of course as I can Take the yolk of one fresh egg and mix with was a little surprised at Alice's remark, for not tell whether she means it or not, I do it two tablespoonfuls of olive oil very slowly; I had got it into my head that she was so not like to be suspicious, yet have no wish add one and one-haspoonfuls of mustard, good and charitable that she never allowed to be so credulous as to be silly. T:" y r threespoonfids of salt, a little pepper, and herself to dislike anyone. I was still more Frank. . last of air two spoonfuls of vinegar. Beat The explanation seems to be plain enough presently. As we came up Mrs. the whito of the egg to a stiff froth and surprised K. held out her hand with a smile ; Alice Miss Alieera nd Mrs. R. will doubtless under lightly stir in. smiled liack again, warmly clasped the profstand it. Kd. Exponent, DrouESSEs. Take half a dozen i6tatoes, fered haiid, and said, as if delighted at the Ijoil them, pass them through a sieve, and meeting, " How do you do ? I haven't seen work iuto them in a lxnvl one gill of cream you.for such a long time :!"- -r hr It lias been found that tho clothes fitted and the yolks of three eggs ; add pepper, salt, don't to new recruits in the English army soon "I know it," said 3rrs. K. and nutmeg to taste, and some parsley chop- you come over andee me ?" "Why become too small across the chest, owing, it line. When they are well mixed and ..Alice replied, Himply lecause I can't is stated, to the increased deelopment given ped take them up by tablespoonfuls, roll find time to go anywhere ; but you must by gymnastic and military exercises. It is smooth, each in a ball, flatten it, and flour it slightly ; come and see me, won't you ? Do come !" very; prohible that the same result is prowith plenty of . Airs. K. .said she would, and wo p;is.sedon. duced upon .fashionable ladies' brains, by lay them air in a sauce butter melted, and cook them slowly ; turn "That's the way he talks Jo folks she the wonderful exercises they undergo upon them over when one side is ilone, aiMerve don't like i" I .said, to myself, " That's-jus- t desultory subjects. - Many of their hats are hot aTssooiTas TlMithidelj are colored. the way she talks to me I" unbecomingly small. ' d Ovstek Pin Cover a left she was an when it with at Yes, me, deep 1 ion -- 1 ha 1 1 ii t or i rsuas L eciiona i ve c answers lit Professor Ooltz, of Konigsberg, in his exf plate soup plate pe nj perfectly with putf paste ; lay an extra layer around should come very so m to see her. She al periments upon the nervous centre of frogs, the edge of the plate, and kike it very ways did so. finds that if you take out the brain, the . fill more The the pie with I reflected on it the more it creature will croak as if pleased. Frcgs nearly enough. That done, me with to that if my dear, loving little must be as easily pleased as some men. oysters, seasoning nutmeg, pepper, salt seemed iclt'ijut-'bMetCflse,-becaus- wisearmiigemehttl and moat "exalted duties nfar -; ' - - right-hearte- to-d- ay said-Mrs- -- ! nt -- - pur-jKj- -- se bread-crumb- s, m 4 -Zt-- 1 lf - ; ; . ; well-buttere- tina 11 -'-'p-:. Z;-",".- if 