4- V0M AN S - HOME AFFAIRS. EXPOX E XT; CARELESSNESS AND ITS RESULTS. A TERKIBLE tragedy occurred in this city during the past week, lengthy accounts o ' Accounts of accidents by iire, drowning, which appeared in the daily papers. Charles run over by teams, etc., are 1. Dolson, a married man,sought a divorce children being more and more frequent, notwithfrom his7 wife, rand endeavored to have Mary becoming the constant efforts tha t are - made, Obey obtain a divorce from her husband, who standing and the new inventions that are being was-h- is partner, that he might marry her. Whatever relations existed between Dolson and continually brought id light, for the prevenof such riijfV'Iricidents. the woman have not yet been made public, but tion and :tMn there seems to be an Now she had left her husband and was residing in almost force at work against St. Louis, where Dolson corresponded with her. some supernatural or company of individuals, She refused to accede to his desires, upon which hvho-ha-ve individual, no chance or wwer to resist, rinfl he became as abusive as he had been beforetime are consequently obliged to submit to disapobthe husband,, Obey, eiidearing.' Olivef pointments, disasters and, frequently, death. o and of tained a knowledge the facts, feelings Bnt much more common is it, that misboth were who violent anger between the men, haps occur as a result of recklessness, or i a circulated Dolson was result. the gamblers, calculations, than otherwise. Nuon terms merous in Obey instances are recorded. of loving and printed card, reflecting gross and his wife. On Tuesday night last the men faithful mother met in the post office in this city, near the de for a few miniites only, leaving their precious of livery windows, when Obey killed poison. little darlingr, or darHngsj where r water might be reachetlf-oscalding-ho- t a shooting himvith fire be kindled," and returning to He was arrested, stood an examination before consuming Judge Clintonrand was held to bail ilv2,Q0Q to findJl appear for trial. It was a case of ungoverned of death, or already dead; or perhaps doomed to wear out a wretched existence on earth, passion, unbridled Just, aMjhguinryjreyge from begining to eud; and on the part of one a rendered m object of pity to .all beholders. The sympathies of a community, the tears fearful termination to an unenviable life. of a world could be no compensation for the ' loss sustained in that; moment of affliction; WOMEN INVENTORS. i Ab kati v vixo novelty iu judicial proceed ings in Bait Lake County, just now, is the ses uion of a grand jury summoned according to law by the Probate Court. t Will County School L8uperintelHlents lc kind enough to furnish for the Exponent -- re ports of the condition of education in' (heir several counties? The Hum water have fallen throughout the Territory, leaving abundance for irrigation: am the prospects for the coming harvest are ex ceedingly cheering. A communication from Goshen Valley was received too lateforiioticein the present issue. The same explanation applies to the report of the Third Ward, F. R. Society of Provo, which . I ft win appear m ine next jiumoer. iriTifEBERaEHiFamilyZo SpTSmi th Russell are. tojippear LagaiJi-atltl- ie rl!fif ? an( will without question be "largely patronized. They are chaste amrartlstic performers, and one attractive feature of their programmes is the appearance of a highly ac complished cornet band of ladies, In the general Retrenchment meeting held in this city, June 22nd, the President, Miss E. R. Snow, recommended each Society to have a yet a little prudence and forethought might Secretary and assistant Secretary, so that in Why women do not invent, is a problem have prevented the cause for sorrow. ease of indisiosition or other hinderances occur an writer has solved, to Broken limbs, crushed heads, and ring to prevent either one from attending a his anonymousJEnglish own satisfaction at the least. He thinks deaths, are too often the effects oftathcrs be there the and other min the meeting, might that the cause of feminine uninventiveness leaving their teams improperly secured , utes be regularly kept. This nile is a good one is to be found in fobe run away hereditary laws. Women with children in the vehicles '" V for Societies outside this city to adopt, as well have """Vi.." been drudges. Men have been with. ... always as for the different Ward Societies in the city. the Children are sent generally, or permitted explorers, the inventors, the actors of By a judicial blunder, or.for ulterior the world from the first, while women nave to go out, to play that the house may be rid not given to the public, the term of the Third simply looked on, followed and obeyed. Con of their noise; and not being duly cautioned District Court of Utah has been, permitted to sequently they inherit anninveiitiye-con- -k against running dangeroua risks,-- or being and themselves a heedless, it fre forgetful lapse. The ad interim Judge, Strickland, ad stisution. and the inertia of thousand gen journed it by telegraph, from Provo, until to erations has descended in entail upon the quently occurs that they are run over in the All of which is exceed- street, drowned, or made the victims of ac day, instead of attending personally as the stat- women of ute requires. Not a few imgaine that the Judge ingly plausable. provided the fact corres cidents in some other way. The loss of proqerty might be averted could not be ignorant of a law so well known, ponds with the assumption. But is it a fact many times were discretion observed as it and that personal chagrin and malice and not that woman is naturally less' inventivQ than not. should be. the public interest, M ere only consulted in the man? We have no proof that she is she With all the hazardous recklessness that True she makes few inventions. But ' matter. nas few occasions and still fewer opportuni- now abounds, is it any woner that so many "Independence Day" is close at hand, and ties for makiner them. She does not get that accidents are constantly occurring? yet little is said of it. The people of Utah are practical knowledge of machinery that comes warm in their feelings of loyalty to the Cons- only from loner and constant usage, which is SLEEP. titution and the country, and reverence for the necessary as the first condition of making founders of this great Republic lies shrined in improvements. As she is not an artisan she If no other reward could be anticipated, their heart of hearts; but they desire to cele- fails to get the requisite mastery of tools to for a good, substantiaLday's work, and the brate the anniversary of freedom as a free peo- enable her to see how to put them to yet un careful keeping ofa clear conscience, a night ple, or would prefer not to celebrate at all. By known uses. And still further, the stress of calm, refreshing sleep is a compensation proclamation they where prohibited from doing of necessity and the spur of mechanical am not to be ignored by the most ambitious and o a year ago, and that proclamation, illegal bition are not laid upon her. Scarcely one energetic. mechanic in a hundred ever invents any- HincI imsultin How is it that laborers in literature, and women are unar. thor a hundred Until observe the n fact in nearly all the pursuits of life aside nulled. We presume they can arts to and mechanical trained spend show oughly from the form and housework, have so far . day In a quiet fashion, with less outward labor unfair it mechanical is in actual years converted their days into nights as to per yet as much genuine honor for the occasion, as to to woman one invent anything. expect oral the greater part of their work by arti their fellow citizens in any part of the country. Yet in our Patent Office there are some fifty ficial light, and take their rest and sleep Illustrations of the astounding liberality models of inventions made by women, In while the sun shines? of thought evinced by many people, where her own familiar work of makiner dresses When Frederic the Great and one of his "Mormonism" is concerned, now and then crop and ordering the household, woman shows friends conceived the idea of so far out. A man a few days ago stepped into the nvcntivenes3 of a high order, which if it iterary and remodeling nature in them. store of Messrs. Campbell & Patterson, general had had the requisite training and field for overcoming selves as to live and labor without sleep, the of and for brilliant have achieved the copies exercises ts seeing agents Exponent, might absurdity of such au undertaking was clearly this periodical on the counter lifted one and in- results. The hereditary theory falling llustrated by the attempt and failure they quired: "Is this in favor of the Mormons or o account for the fact, the theory and as made. And has been alleged by careful against them?" "Rather in their favor," was sumption drop together. We have known demonstrators that a person in good health the response; on which he threw it indignantly not a few women who have invented noble will not take more sleep than nature re down, remarking, 'Then, I don't want it" In raits and amiable qualities for men who quires, and that from six to eight hours in and vulgar, and had every twenty-fou- r should be given to sleep Justice to the st ranger for he was one the rest were intolerably stupid ever to return them inventions plague o aid the continuance of health and to pro "must be told." A sharp remark from one of the heir , , "Golden after. Age." mote longevity. . , firm called him to a sense of his want of Is it not very probable that one great ness, when he purchased a copy of the first ' A correspondent of the New York cause of the immature deaths in the present number; took it away with him; and soon after returned to secure a copy of t he seond number Tribune" predicts that central Illinois will t age; ;may be attributed to a lack of indulgof the world, unci ence in this exhilarating restorative at the garden It improved to his taste, t vi!rUJy,v Avith the lMvnnie the of them nlost likely. proper time? reading. a . ' i ! ; -- . five-bulle- ts" -- from-a-pist- ol. to-da- y. ' - it - . 7. - .lol. . I - -- 