As no Sabbath meetings are to be held in the ring, beautiful place, with the railroad bridg- eTabernacle during the Winter, and, the fore- - one m progress or erection all curiosities to one as little acquainted with railroads as my- noon is to be devoted to Sundayehools in cauu ru, upponuumes arc ouereu ior; a i is varigatea, ana as seen wmie passing, as we much larger attendance at these schools, did, at times at the rate of nearly a mile per very deiightrai; one characteristic Superintendents and teachers will seek the as-- minute, notice, being the freshness of verdure f sistance of elders who have the faculty of worthy in comparison to what we had previously imparting intelligence, to form and instruct I passed. We arrived nere last.evenlng at 4 o'clock, and classes of.youths in any or all useful branches c or education, nut particularly for train vork. Mviim, of the Gospel. Sacrament and evening meet- - is good, and my heart full of gratitued.. Sister I R. also be to will love conducted the our in all in . Mercy ings Thompson joins meeting sisters. good houses of the different Wards. ' &eifhe4nr f thftfluasionarIea-toEQrope4.efton4heo:locfv-pw The PHYSiOLoaicAi4 Class, underthe ELIZA R. SNOW. super- vision of Mrs. Sarah E. Kimball, is progressing finely. Books appropriate for students com- - Written for the Expos est. and done nothing for the world? ' Is it nothing to have been the mother of all the great men and women? I think it is considerable in woman's favor. And I also thinkrthatirirripiyfor her to improve and elevate her condition in. every legitimate way, and thus become a nobler and wiser mother of purer and better beings. In molrinres IlinCA Amnndtvtnin ,'11 auuxucm, every uusime and good man.will, I amconvinced, assist nnfl ptipahmca Iip onfi nrirvMr 5n 1ia ' nnf-nnci- W and spirited resolutions. There is no man but what has the highest appreciation of her merit3 or that would not sacrifice more for her welfare and happiness than he would for his own. Inez. A WOKD ON OBEDIENCE. liava-bec- nJ meneJngthe3tudyof-Physiolog- y ordered and received, and may be obtained by Children of the Saints, what are your as For the ExhonknT" schoolto at Miss to pirations? Would you like bo great and application 3Iary,E Cook the WHY BLAME THE GIBLS? honorable Social the and distinguished meaand room, Hall, women? Let me tell you how to become so. Among the recent deaths which have occurs v. ..........a i its it i ii ii i i v i in iiu 'jj.it iu all depend s on your obediencGTahd :fau red in this City, we note that of Sister James f !n?nl(rllw in fK. and j S. Brown as one of the most affecting. Her .imness. ; :Be obedient to tnu m O O a .1 finn fT - n flTVI o nrl Innm l x ts minAiiAl in characterize the great portion of society at to foundations These are the mother,' and a faithfnl l,attfr-da- v ,Rflinf., hr every uung. . the present day, and still hourly increase? . " ...Ml ouuu upon, men it win not. .be ham. lor you, A short time since, a worth V-- erentleman acquaintance testify. .. - , - .... . ii a. 1 k. ' m...-- a . , T I 4-- - - . -- 4 . ... mvi . , .vrki!-- 6., mnr. m n n vt a nhAn thnAAnnAi WE WILLINGLY give place to tne foilowinsr nvuicn 1 is I 'ZZXS J obituary notice which has lemibrwarat Father Daniel - Stanton was a soldier in the ui i iiiu iiir mu iuiiil;! rtiA ii i war of 1812. --- r r m i w i w.w luuusuviuuu to raan.wnen you see a given i a " M jx-- i ..i V a mu. uaa a reucumaa apiri i uuu gets married r u iiriuriiiu r i i i fliiiiiiTiw A i. i f i iw i n... rm t wntsaTiano, he - - ' ' obj f wait n her." These suggestions areclosely- o . VT, rm'- now-a-daysrs- i. a ti uuuurauiy. ne leaves u -uumeiuus wmuv LO mnrio rt Amn l.n o mourn their bereavement- His lo is felt by V " the community in which, for some time, he I , t , i me omce 01 anu niieu me juusre iiulijv. justice 01 ine ot ju was bom May Peace, until last August: He i lonfl ..i!. uuut I7fl. in Onmuin. Xmv Vnrk. 2sth. Fnfhpr wv Ktt Tiia .v4 iuuuiW, Tru"T: r" J i Jw nnrl Kn Money. iJaniei btanton, etc., etc. ana tneir l nnft irhn ia l,A,l. ' . "families were living as one: or in the Apostolic u"w bow upajoyanu comiort to meir Ordpr. Josenh Rinith's first Elders said thpv atner Ktanton was tne first u"cw,.uu uouuueiu to society, ana a Diess- were sent there, to believe and confess it. Parley P Pratt bap- - iug to the world, :And now? my sisters, if tizedhim. He had liv ed 77 years, 9 months and we have n ot learned this great lesson, it is 29 days. that we began to school our minds ?ls On Friday, the 9th inst., a company of ladies in obedience to the commands our Father 1 I remarked something like the following Tf o v mn nUlUU lliVt; HJ UUUI ifUIll. juuut: in0 I onniinoWo 13 Irue? out mere are exceptions, ana what ig more. Z " ' the other fiidft of thfi r.irfnrn. iras not drawn. Pfii,ninfr,ri Yet no one who is at all Ti:- rT!r" iMfi.,iAi,rt.ti;r IZXl iZZT S KAfiifv nnnli she Jre nowT-a-da- ys not say "yes," for a'young man in any -scarcely-bemet Young, enjoyed a ride to the Promontory and ness. orten when we feel as though mouth. his faco is flushed with wino nnd tn Ir0ni l ms maniier oi aeportment, lie throMcrTi if i nnrfiTr Wo ii c0 o fi knnn .,511113 4.u . anA YC nPniPnf, finirif onri nni . j mi ii t. . naiu-oauutan iue wwiuer iemrai ' the word to most people, and Would not wusuiie, riTri . flisnhpnipnf. t,T wa with ivairam ji scenery anu roaiuciuuxugHuere, - mucn 01 me V marry a girl whom he thought inferior in for some distance, , the .latter :is cut through w?wlll the least, respect to any one but himself. U?P tu "AA"S vvuacivca leex excursionwas fo mflnvof the clM rrvt tipw the undertaking to have y a r ? 1 i-i- -ji I : .j wji cnlf-irrl- TI "ZZnT'J7 I 1 H".. ... -- ists; and, altogether, IIMIa bihimii ftf wlooeilMWn Anf orf ointYiaTif troo COmmanQ., " a quiet success, as all such excursions are when I : is my experience. This 7,1 happy. "V7i properly arranged. A Mother. -- CORRESPONDENCE OF 3SHSS SNOW. . R -- V 1 A Girl. iFor the Expos ext. ATIVE AMENDMENTS. Miss E. R. Snow writes from Chicago, under f 1 date Oct. 30, 1872: TTfK? nttCfiiwJ nnrl I MM tM.LllA II MMV III II'II 111111 4.1 been has far thus very satisfactory. My trip vflnfAfi hv ;ftmA ftf nnr wmon -Q.ifT.f. ' T" 1 In crossing the plains, I frequently clrew tne , uuc ,x ul iuowuw,.. oaj ,woiuau'scontrast between the present ana tne past, ana . could .hardly realize the present to be a living ngnis"-ma- n, speaiang or woman: "She has oeen oi To aevoia travel witn ease, iatigue, reality. continuauy anathematized and tor-i- n few whiclra a distance three days, years ago mented with the idea that she is the weaker CQ-OPE- from his habits of intemperance? Let the young men reform and see if the girls will; not be oti hand to assist them. S. T 1 o,. It doesn't matter how watchful and vigilant a girl is; if a rude fellow kisses her, it is ten. to one he will do it right under her nose. . - To accept the statements of the partisan press on both sides, the two very worst men in the United States are the candidates for father, brothet and hnsMnd the Presidency. Such is partisan politics. v4reat took an. I t Some people are as careful of their troubles change, rt r H emnll - r j.1 I t. ..4?, .1 ri: t 1, TiriQ auu. as mothers are of their babes; they cuddle COIIlj isuc i?vwA4vi oi nut iiiut cuiuu lue ueauwiui, Btupeuuoua ouiau, earnestgnmpse Missouri river. is a crossed we the as It prehend great things, nor do great works them, and hug them, and cry over them, bridge Piece of workmanship worthy of a critical day- - Sometimes her mother and sister are joined and fly into a passion with you if .you go wholesale this slander of female to the take them away from them;- they want mind, Blufls in the midst of one of Hve left a has she w"en "ttle been thunder-stormso localto s common that girl those paralyzed you to fret with them, to help them to bewith the thought of her inferiority. artificial irrigation. lieve that they have been worse treated lty, beyond the necessity ofbut were what the at o'clock 9 could was How woman bo It night anything with the than anybody else. If they could, they night and the storm to usi Instead of pitching whole her?" As would have a picture of their grief in a neyeibeen anything! Womln gold frame woman for hung over the mantle-shel- f to a extent fortius to So look at. large incredible makes responsible And their grief "per- everybody speed. traveling at an almost much for the blessings of God on the march of secution" and "oppression" to which she them ordinarily selfish they think more of improvement These night travels cheat us of has been subjected by men. She has been their little grief in the basket and in the many pleasurable scenic views, a tax which too willing to have something to. lean on, cradle than they do of alithe world besides d and. they say you are to, and to do ifyou in to Chicago, and arrived at R. I. City where we queutial .parts providing for herself and "don't fret" "Ah! you don't understand breakfastea, and took a hasty view of the stir- - her offspring. But has she been nothing me you can't enter into my trial!" . ulfm"5u".lu 7- Ir-- V i- SSi - SSVaM HbK then hard-hearte- - 