WOMAN'S EXPONENT, CO the Territory. done in valueit12(F"ea"ch.T7:..Baltimorb has a What is done or can lie exhibition of the work about to spenl S3,000,-Opojt- o But when we have nn water famine and from many parts of the Terrihands current skilled of electric The it rhiedr Engine makers at Berlin are on a strike... the eve can take in at a glfthcejmjmmint the Atlantic cable at a velo SPLINTERS.' Ex-empre- i. Carlotta is fast sinking at ss passes through vi-r tory, TTleiat a volume of ileserip iye in writing would mircely Convey,of theregard country the growth and development that in less: tlian a garter .of a century has to eight thou- city j;iiniiv:ith . . .Cal- eo very.....: Women blacksmiths abound' in sa iid li i n hundred miles rer second export of leather. Staffordshire...... A young woman fir New ifomia is making her first ' Orleans is hopelessly blind, from drinking ......Mark Twain will travel through EngU. S. Grant, water that passed through leaden pipes... ;.-- land, Ireland and Scotland HanoTerrnrr The Spanish var schooner fondorwas j totudyin of Yeddo is .in this country...... burned at sea on her way to Hanover; crew Tne mayor AAA' AAAi A dnilO'htpr A J eWlSIl tpmpifV Csling 5OU.UUU, i& mxuij nnrl nnQSPnffnrs wnro cnvwl:' of Senator Brownlow, of Tennessee, has compieteu- - inuuwauKitv Wisconsin been placed in a convent for attempting to Erie, Pa., was nearly destroyed by hre reof Canterelope with a stone cutter. . .. . .Horace G ree- - ce'ntly..:.. .A part of the..cathedral . burned.. .Arthur Helps, the ley's brother, Barnes Greeley, is said, not to bury has been Tr of-fro- m uniorp-has-gon- I tb- - seven-thousan- d liijyivstetlironialbajretVAV ujon tlie ladies of the TerFair may ritory to exert tliemselves that the -- e ' ; . 1 be a great success so far as their special departments are concerned, satisfied that the circular 1 of the Board of Directors, addressed to the I J&ieties, which warpublisheiVln rosoonse. Yet It wouiu ua tv wv to better if tlie circular could have been given coum the public a month earlier, so that lames authorris-to4cknightcd- jMULiCUayam .rri itvUur editor of the "Victoria Magazine," Eng- child, of Frankfort, is going to the Holyland, is coming over to America, by invita- Lan(U,.UFrench soldiers are toJ)ejnstruciThe Countess de Blau- tion, to see and lecture us... ..The Sultan has ed in . singing. sent .to: the Eugenieji m cherrxiffnglf3W6nIM " ear Orleans,- during the late French cent siiiirelmr large brilliants, valued at $ir,000......The French Prince wary and has received the crossbf the LeAmericans are crowding of Honor.. Imperial has obtained permission of Queen gion V ictoria toleeomea"studeiit"of theTltoyal ttfUndeit-BacleTt- tt is tfiHUirv.,'AcadeiiiV'HVy.oolwichvi. .Chicago be irohibitcd -- there 'has a Scandinavian population of 43,000 . . .. . . year!..... Powers, the sculptor, has ieen An eccentric South Bend beauty carries her made a Knight of the Brazilian Order ot the Rose ..The Grand Duke of Hesse husbaiuPslho The Arch Duke Charles, brother of the Em- Darmstadt is to marry an opera dancer, Victoria, of Prussia, peror of Austria, is soon to be married fo The ex-Empre- r? liaAliad moretinmiimOpnortunifie difselection of materials and arrangement of ferent specimens of home manufacturehe length 'ofJtnallWwK i taste and larticle live proTluct ion f ss; - after--the-el- Sny iHlTres of-th- ose : look to, which must occupy a large imrtion of their time. :. ":....,.:. . , Crown-Prince- tliePf ineeks riaJyoungesto,aughter of daiighterF King Ferdinand II, who is seventeen years of $8,000 for the best essay on advancing oId......Spurgeon is coming to America...... the material prosperity of workingwomen.... Hugh Stowell Brown, England's most cele- - Carlist troubles have again broken out in Cluseret is preprint a history of s Spain j i v jif. i i irru IIUJ I'll UtUlVlt t .1 th e Paris Commune. . . . . .A , new process of e California subscribers to the At- preserving meat and vegetables has been lantic and Pacific railroad stock have made communicated to the French Academy of t he subscription aggregate $ 1 ,528,300 Sciences. secretary Fish is delighted at the progress WKi f Wi 4 i Alt f !iAAlax ia nf! i li alHnn WOMAN'S EXPONENT. t uses the administration of playing strategy THE to defeat his election. ..Yellow fever prevails as ah epidemic in Oarthagenia, South I.Ol'ISE L. fJREEXE, Elitor. J. I, " A , a " 9 . aa-- o M.m -- -- America .At Albany one bushel of potatoes is worthranuch astwrrefvhMtin , fronf the Fort to Astoria, a few days ago...... Cholera is raging in Laebn and other j)laces iiiBritfshIndiiiniTr.Cfeliml ' .....bankruptcy Published semi-monthl- in Fait Lake City. Utah. Terms: y, Ono coiy cue j'ear, ?2; oncc(y, six months, 81. Ten copies f..r the rnce of nine. Adrcrti.ing rate?: Jtaen square, cignt lines of nonpareil Fpace, ono time. $2', per month, S3. Temple Campbell & Patterson, (Jcncral Agent, - street, - Past r r 77. yrcommunications to Publbhers Woman's Exho.vknt, Salt Lake City, Utah. .Salt Iake Gitv.- Addre?? all businc. -- . threatens the planters of Alabama, owing to the ruin of their cotton crops by the boll worm. The Illinois "Straights," in their SALT LAKE CITY, SK1TEMBKR 15, 1872. Springfield convention, adopted resolutions and uttered bitter speeches against the sale THK TKIUUTOIUAL FAIR. of the party at Baltimore to Greeley.,,... One thousand rivntnTmnist ,'fhe Board of Directoi-- of the Deseret Agri rA rpnnrrpd still in arms in Sinaloa. Mexico..;.. .At Ian- - cultural and Manufacturing Society are busily tw s -- 1 4.1; T. V.iri.1 r t ATl.-,.1,- .; ittill ' i ...... f roaiesceu in convention and ... nominated a mixed State ticket, with Lett (J)em.)' for Governor... . . .Proofs have been laid before nheUhited States Commission at Browns ville, Texas, of the complicity: of oflicers of the Mexican government In murders and robberies on the Texan border.... ..One of the most opulent as well us agreeable Indies at Saratoga, this season, is the widow of General John H J Morgan, the famous raider.v..The President of the California State University receives a salaryof $10,000 1 '' .1 . . .. .. engaged preparing for the approaching Fair. Hon. A. IV Itockwood has heen placed in charge of the Fair grounds; Messrs. Henry Dinwoodey and (ieorgiOsay lor a re superintend i ng the erection of stalls; and the work .of preparation is being actively pushed forward. The place in which the exhibition wili be held is the 13th Ward Assembly Rooms, u large and commodious building, and tlie sam'e in which the last Fair,- - that of 1860, was held. In the rear, ground has ))een secured for. the display of stock, wiiich is expected to be very large; and areihat the exhibition gold,--a yearra houseahd "other things altogether theprbieets for; comfort....... Roasted coiTee is said to be will be, in every sense, a credit to the Terri- In .; one of the most powerful of deodorizers, tory. '.,. su-' a ami there here of see specimen actually destroying noxious animal and Teople Tim- j,imhnrmn,i vegetable. :pfibiv perior work i n .some branch of industry"; eleMaine predict that the forests in that State gant Utah-mad- e furniture, an excellent fabric Will rirn. 4Ur,., of cloth, a piece of embroidery that would This year, the lumber is estimated at compare with the best specimens from Scot- feet out vieing any imIron springs have been dis- land or Ireland, Kt ra covered at Ung Branch and promise to add ported; or some Other article showing the to the popularity of that, already, popular artistic skill and culiivatetl taste which many summer resort. The Emperor of Abys- Utah workmen and workwomen: possess; yet has the Jardin d' Acclimata-tion- , the fact is soon forgotten: and even if it were presented sinia Paris, with six magnificent zebras, remembered it would give but a faint idea of l - nAt.-Trt- cf -- is customary for many people to speak faith held slightingly and contemptuously of the Saints. Some are pleased by the Latter-da- y to call it absurd, others declare it is monstrous. It Arelheyracqlialnf 1 fifty-tjife- -- OUR FAITH. ss - 700,-000,0- 00 w-wo- rk But they seem to think- it sufficient that it w a different faith from that which they believe. How modest mankind are, generally speaking! They are w illing to concede that every person who thinks or believes in the same theories, and holds the same opinions tlfat they do, is a - j sensible, intelligent inaiviciuai. aiiu, as a matter of course, they must be very sensible, intelligentrpeopleTTightrindeedrinnii matters; of belief or opinion, and everj'bocly that differs with them must be wrong. This is humanity as we generally find it. Believers in Christianity, as it has been motlernlzed, are willing to concede intelligence and the possession of sensible religious views to other believers in Christianity, so long as opinions are expressed in general terms and may, by liberal construction, harmonize broadly with their own; but let them narrow down to details, and the believer in saving election will manifest positive hate against one that has faith in the free will doctrine; the unitarian and trinitarian will denounce each other's pet opinions in the strongest terms; and the Protestant and Roman Catholic will show a detestation each of the faith held by the other, that has in the past made myriads of vict i m for the rack, the fagot, and the fiendish: instruments of torture with which one set of "Christians" endeavored to send other "Christians" to a hell of endless torments, because they would not travel heavenward m a road marKed out by mortals as ignorant as themselves. This is religious intolerance. Every person's religious opinions appear sensible, rational and intelligent to that person; but to others they may appear absurd. We have no hesitation in saying that the beliefs bU many of those who sneer contemptuously at our faith,, appear to us absurd, contrary - to the revelations of Gol, and exhibiting a woeful lack of that knowledge wliich gives its possessor power with , the Heavens and over the imperfections that flesh is heir to. Yet we do not sneer at them; why should we? It would be better to teach sucli persona correct principles If they would hearken ; though too many are lifted up in their own , 