L -- , . WOMA N'S EXPONENT, 101 " . Written for tho Expoxmt. evils quite asjiiirtful and more lasting than villainous men have intruded their Arsons ami fiendish practices even here, as emissaries LOVE THY NEIGHBOR AS THYSELF. childish rudeness, and Now what is to be done? "Love thy' of the evil one, to tempt, decoy, entrap, and, i possible, to destroy the virtue of the young and Most Christians - set this commandment neighbor as thyself!" ' Bear with thy neighthus prevent the future progress and prosperity down as being too diflicult to be reduced to bors' 'children. Not exactly by, making them bosom friends, but by pitying f heir unof the pure minded and g among the practice too utterly fanatic for serious con condition. Pefrain people. And this fact, standing prominently sideration ; but, if properly understood, in tutored, uncherished from speaking of them with unmitigated forward, as It does, should be a powerful admon its true meaning and intent, they would ition to the inexperienced,- - the -- young- and the recosrnize one of the most - beauti ful and disgusttoand scorn. When you can, without any one else, throw into their way injury virtuousrto be circumspect in their associations-- , JieaveniyJessons.toioankind.j4iii: some little coupled with a kind their coversation and deportment. Not only It does not enjoin that we "prefer" our word, whichpleasure as will be a beam of light in Buuuiu woman seeK ro maintain neighbors interests to our own, nor even their clouded lives Rest assured they will crooning glory, purity and ; integrity, ibut that we should not help ourselves "first"; but be a little better for it And this is all you mothers-an- d sisters will also do weir to "wield malPwtrshould duiallfor our neighbors that could ask for yonr own in like circumthe benign inn uenceof which pureiandnoble we could desiro to have done for us under stances.-- ; womanhood isyer possessed, energetically and corresponding circumstances; that we should If you are anxious to have your dear as to as see to be them pros prosper willing ones adhere strictly. to the rules of temperceaselessly over the minds of tho young of the take to them as have sex. There is danger for them as wel per ourselves; glad opposite ance, that their- - nerves may-b-e unshaken, as well -- as for the their mteUects beauty and simplicity of maidenhood, pleasure as to be happy ourselves; and they cannot be too prudent in respect to pleased to hear them well spoken of as to faculties fully and harmoniously developed, the company they keep and the influences receive nraiso for our own merits. This be sure there is no more certain, way than to movement; in - that which they allow themselves to be made subject will not be hard to do when we look at it in inaugurate general a cleaEligh directionf endeavor to make it" the fashion' ' It is an admitted fact, that a nation's to abstain from every kind of stimulant and honor reflects great lustre .on the character every kind of excess. Organize abstemious HOME AFFAIRS. of Its humblest citizenrandtas a nation's associations with tchwordsof inodera-- ..' ox .: .. work the Temple is progressing finely honor is individual excellence often repeated, tion. .. . ...... this season. It is really gratifying to take an can it be denied that the man or woman The more means and influence a person occasional close survey of the structure and whose walk in life is patriotic, brave, the possesses, and the more so bindor in or other he she more the such of far, position a jsplendid edifice. way noble, any occupies, workmanship loves as beauti How himself? is the duty. "Love individual that ing upon Will the Presidents of the Relief Societies to ful the arrangement, that serve one's self thy neighbor as'thyself;" because the sphere please notice Sister E. R. Snow's note at the head of the editorial In number 18, Oct. 10th, of conscientiously and faithfully, is the very is wide and the power to do good.greater; the Exponent? Some of the Secretaries are best way to serve the public! By the person and just in accordance with the use made of who lives a pure life, are neighborg opportunities offered, so shall judgment be sending us reports in which no reference is made to i t, - or the proposed changing of the served; beyond compute; for in thesight of awarded. It has been said and truly, thatthe young, the example is more valuable character is no more the outgrowth of pri- v name of the Society. than untold gold. The one who originates vate teaching, than of the spirit of the age Hons. George Q. Cannon and Wm. H. important, any wise, regulation in in which it is., nurtured. Hooper left this City for Washington, to repre- one's own business or household, has con- hen, to lend every energy toward shaping sent Utah in Congress, on Wednesday, 27th ult. ferred a blessing on the race. Those who the "spirit of the age" in a healthy. The latter gentleman is the Territorial Dele- build dwellings whichjire models of beauty, direction! How unselfishly should all pa gate for the present session; and the former Is economy or convenience, confer benefits on triots labor to leave behind them on the Delegate elect, to take his seat on the 4th of the public Those who introduce improve pages of history, bright precedents for future March next with the assembling of the lately ments on the farm, in. the dairy or any other statesmen to copy! How earnestly should elected Congress. place, have truly loved, their neighbors. parents desire to improve the moral. tone of A brief synopsis of the doings of the general And those who most conscientiously and the society into which their children are to retrenchment meetings conducted in this city, ruly serve tho public, do most adequately enter. As persuasion is more powerful than will hereafter occupy a space in our Relief and effectually serve themselves! One who zealously guards the welfare of a country coercion, let the sinner be pointed to the Society Reports, for the benefit of ladies resid- or community builds the strongest defense better w?ay, and taught the beauty of holiing in different parts who have not the privilege around one's individual welfare. One who ness, rather than upbraided and denounced of personal attendance. At the same time, all makes great improvements in public works, for his or her short comings; for as the who hayeiHuiatiehouId noffail of being greatly increases the value aud security of meanest beggar will not part with his rags present at these meetings. private property. Those who most truly on being told they are foul unless he can whose General Tiros. Kane, eloquent consider the happiness, of their fellow obtain, something better, so will: not the account of the "Expulsion of the Mormons from creaturesare most certain, to winit for errmgJbrsaketheirL Nauvoo" will be familiar to most of our readers, themselves. of a better way. ; has been paying our city a visit with his wife .:'.'r. L. L. D. What better legacy can be left, to the and two children. The heartfelt prayers of and purely world,than highly-educatthousands have often been offered up for him, moral To Clean Smoky Paper-Hangingdescendants?. And how is it possible for the truthful and noble manner in which he to secure, without danger of failure, a good Take a piece of wood of the shape of a nail a handle on the back, recorded the acts and sufferings of a devoted education to one's own descendants, save by scrubbing-bruspeople in their struggles to preserve their founding institutions and systems for the then upon the face nail a piece of dried ' religious liberty. He Is on his way to Cali broad diffu sion of knowledge, and in- sheepskin with the wool upon it, or flax or of several fornia, seeking health and recuperation, by cluding one's ownjn .the general blessing? tow will do, or cotton-flannwell. Dip this interest thicknesses will answer very direction of his physician. L We regret to learn. If youcreatea deep andjwide-sprea- d rub the smoke inougn, inat Mrs. nane v contracted a severe in the cause of mental cultivation, you erect bfush into dry whiting, and a barrier between the public and many an lightly with the brush, on the upper parts : cold on their way tnis far westward. room the carpet with Hon. Jas. G. Blair, of Missouri, Member of evil; which evils, had they been allowed to of the of first, protecting as the whiting-dus- t influence might have created an matting newspapers, gain - - Congress, whose eloquent of the in Hall speech opposing current strong enough to counter- is hard to sweep off a carpet The whiting last In behalf of the session, Representatives, act all your labors in behalf of your own, If that remains on the wall is easily brushed people, and especially of the women, of Utah, confined to them. off with a soft cloth attached to a stick. It called forth a letter of acknowledgements from is almost impossible to keep your is .very effectual if the room is not damp and It some of our leading ladies, and a courteous children untainted while -- those of your ' response from the gentleman, paid a brief visit neighbors are not circumspect; for if you to this City lately. (If men with such broad, undertake to Enjoy the blessings of this day if God keep them entirely apart, the generous, and liberal views were elected by chances are that you will fail miserably in sends them, and the evils bear patiently - every- - constituency throughout the country, ybttr design. If you should succeed, it would and sweetly, for this day only is ours; wo .t represent thWin Congress, there would . be be a. doubtful: gam ;;1 because children are are dead to yesterday, and are not born to no fear of Constitutional provisions being tran- reasonable beings and must know a cause for the morrow. scended to work persecution, through form of any admonition and to.be told that others The. loveliest adornment of perfect law, against a people because of their honest were not fit to associate with themr would faith and worship. . : engender vanity and superciliousness,, two womanhood is unconsciousness of self. ??r . ill-breedi- ng. - God-fearin- ner-ow- n - to.-:"-- :;; , 3 ,.,t7rrzzz ' high-mind- his-neighb- ed or , order-produci- ng . -- ed s. ; h, el theTwhiting4s-diy.----r---:--i------------- . 