? I o BTin in j a ru) 1IO o innergn Si'US 1 - ih 3 of Latter-da- y WOMAN'S EX POX K NT. 27 Wi fAT'S THE HURRY? FLOWERS. BY THE WAYSIDE. NEARER HOME. Tl i e (pi estiou of labor is likely to be one of " Whate ver puri f ies also fort Hies the heart. vastTnTitll sbx Charity is an eternal debt, and without theprescnt century. The idea seems to be limit. universally conceded by the laboring class, -A beautiful external life symlolizes a that too much time is required for work and not a sufficient, amount granted for rest and beautiful soul. r It is easier to be wise- for others J than for recreation. Certain it is, that all denominations, parties it ourselves, yet such wisdom alul sects a re r hlirry i ng through the ; world Eagerness to grasp, often strangles and with a rapidity that daily increases, and ber::- -r comes each year, seemingly, more and more destroys pleasure. Innocence confeis freedom to the mind, i rresta I le. Many of those who a re weal t h y and leaves it open to every pleasing sensa would drive their workwomen to hard all the time, day and night, physical-labotion. in were it their power; so anxious are they "Errors, like straw, upon the surface flow; to 'grasp all in their reach, ami to have. their othermrvill quiHhisinfernal business." but he who seeks for pearls must dive be- - arms extended and strengthened so that The gentleman who told the. story tliWTavrreieh: and grasp and secure still Toriginally published in iThe liostonIKiily EiTheidiiefm nmreAiid immy News"jrsaw these t wo np to some vices or foil ies com iu if tedEl lyithe ,so hecome rich nuvhun-j'- , 4 that theye -- arm in eager,to walk house away togetheryand :..:lj-ling : X are almost sufferers",f"t-'Tri- ir opposed to spending time ami must be a arm; - and he remarked of of like the The suirit love, fragrance dilligence enough at any kind of work to source of great joy to . Miss Cary to know is while inhaled the be object may make it profitable, either to themselves I or that her lines, which liave comforted so many flowers, r their employers. A calm, quiet course of Christian hearts, have been the means of out of sight. The veil which covers from our sight the proced ui ( is apparently considered of little: awakening in the breasts of two tempted and erring men on the other side of the events of succeeding years, is woven by the account in the. effort to accomplish anything: now'-a-ty s ; it is al I h u rryv aii d bust e, el ec- -j a resolution to lead a better life." hand of mercy. for eyefy thing tliat is Vione. I fere is the song: .... The most forlorn and hel picas sinner was trie speed meet with is tired, but still once an innocent child, jossessed of untohl Everyj)iHv you One sweetly solemn thought in a hurry to get ome piece of work off of good,. Cornea to me o fir and o er; J. possibilities hands. No one has time forest; the balance J'm nearer my home .Whatever useful or engaging endowments would get ahead if one rested a little. Wait Than I ever have been reforo; we possess, virtue is requisite to their shin a minute, poor, old world! Your ge heaTIr Nearer my Father's houe, must be dizzy and confused with such ing with proper lustre. Where the many mansions te; im a proper Nearer the great white throne, Diligence, industry and day after day and year after of fail earer the crystal sea; never of will gain- year, fTr so many generations! Why provement time, 7 rewards. and so furiously? It must be almost time for just ing great Nearer the bound of life, The desire to improve denotes a liberal the "new Heaven and new earth" to make Where we lay our burdens down; Nearer leaving the cross, mind, and is connected with, many accoin- - t,heir appearance, any how; you are coming Nearer gaini ng the crown. to an end fast enough. What's the hurry? plishments and many v irtues But the waves of that silcr.t tea,' Thev who have nothing to give but sym Roll dark before my sight, pathy can often afford relief by imparting That brightly the other side GIRLS, DON'T TALK SLANCJ! what they feel. Break on a shore of light. It is as difficult for revenge to act without An. O, if my mortal feet exchange says: Girls, don't talk exciting suspicion, as for a rattlesnake to Have nlmos5 gained the brink, slang! If it is necessiiry that any one in stir without making a noise. If it be. I am nearer home the family should do that, let your big Kven than I think, Many- - mistake the admiration, for the brother, though I would advise him not to not so much are and of good virtue, practice Father, perfect my trust. talk "pigeon English" when there is an friends as the friends of goodness. Let my spirit fee' in death elegant, systematized language that he can J hat her feet are firmly set of rule llestraint isihe enjoyment; just as well use; but don't you do it. You-hagolden T On the Hock of livirg faith:: we annreciate no measures nroneriv, umess no idea how it sounds to ears unused debarred from them. occasionally or averse to it, to hear a young lady, when WOMAN'S DETERMINATION, A temperate spirit and moderate expeeta- - Uhe is asked to attend some place of amuse- tions are excellent safeguards of the mind ,n(.nt, answer, "Nwt much;" or, if requested in this uncertain and changing world. to do something she.does not wish to, "Can't Among the evidences of woman's-dete- r ., , In the darkest night there still is light in see-it!initiation to enlarge her resources, is notable a Miss, who is eduI heard from Not tlie long ago that of a lady who acts as coal agent for a the sky somewhere sinning up large firm in this citv. She solicits orders sun or coming down from the ilistant stars.V cated and accomplished say, in speaking of from merchants and private families, and i There is nothing except simplicity of in- a yonng man, that she intended to "go for so successful as to be enabled thereby to sup-po- tention and purity of principle that can him;" and when her sister asked her assistcom fbrtablyianinfirni--lathe- r and stand the test of near appro;ich and strict ance at some work, she answercdL"Not for Joe." mother, a little child, an insane brother and examination. Now, young ladies of unexceptionable herself. One old conservative gentleman Mere intellectual acuteness, if divested, character and really good education, fall whose ideas of woman's sphere do not ex as it bften is, of all that is comprehensive of into this habit, thinking it shows smarttend beyond the hearthstone, when told that most the more is than revolting ness to answer back in slang phrases; and a lady wished to see him about ordering goodness, imbecility. helpless they soon slip flippantly from their tongues coal, showed his disgust by exclaiming on uncertainfor all .the best The preparation with a saucy pertness that is neither ladyher entrance to his presence : d iii a consists of ties futurity, like nor becomings Y6urigmeiiwhr talk " oman in the coal business! What suIh a cheerful and a clear conscience, in that way do not care to hear it from the next. I wonder. The men will have to take mind, to Heaven. of will the mission g in to compete with them." lips they love or admire-- it sounds much To be wise in our own eyes, to !e wise in coarser then; and , really, slang d oes not "Beg your inuilon, sir," answered the Ik? wise in save time in use of language as an abbrevilady, "But the men have already done so, the opinion of the world, and to so the sight of our Creator, are three things ation: "No" is shorter and much more deand met with success too. There is cided than "not much;" "lam sure," is quite who takes in washing and has it done by very different as rarely to come together. - : men too." If you take a great deal of pains to serve as easily said as "I'll bet." wedding has The old gentleman looked slightly dumb and benefit your fellow creatures, and after More, than one founded at this retort, but quickly recover all they scarcely thank you for .the trouble leen indefinitely postiX)iied by such means, ing, he smiling, acknowledged the "corn," vou have taken, do not le anirrv and make for, however remiss young men may oe m and gave her a liberal order for his year's a loud noise about the world's ingratitude; such things themselves, they look for letter it supply of coal, both for his business and for then it would seem that you cared things in the girls of their choiceand to private residence as well. "New York Ex more about the thanks than the blessings does not help them to mend a bad habit t j pre.ss." adopt it. you sought to bestow. conOne ofUieix Cary's songs has a nected with it," of a young man in a gambling house at Hong jlvong, who sang one verso while idly shuffling the cards. The young man's companion, bid in sin, was so rebuked by the sweet sentiment of the song vi t h tea rs tha tli e a rose fron le play a n i n his eyes said, Conie, I la rry ; here's what I won from you; go and use it for some good purpose. As for me, as God ees me, LI have played my--- last ga i ne a ru IT tl rank. my last bottle. I have misled you, Harry, and I am sorry. Give me your hand, my boy,-- and say that, for old America's sake, if for no ' - 1 1 is-was- ted. 1 :"It lV. -- -r 1 d; . .. .- ... to-d- ay . ceas-lesslturni- ng, rush-alon- g 1 -- to-d- ay ve y ; . rt ' well-ordere- . dress-makin- 1 , '- pi-omisi- , s I! i r 