aMaBMUJi'lHMI f BBS WOMAN K -- iriCP OOTNT. it,. oi.ulr l.tj ..vr,:l.ln A., ui ,iUC Omineca, British Columbia, lias scarcely treatment of his wife, will probably .never he Forty' loaves of hid flflv without rain known In time; but the unhappy woman tied bread for $1.00 is the price at Macon, Ga ' i! T SPLINTERS. 1. ' A c.-i-ut? ft.1 ."w. 51 A New Zealand woman is accused of hav- - jngipoteoned,diiriiiglhi bands, fifteen children and a lodger.. ....Two freight trains collided near Newark, !N. J.. Un the 15th of October, wrecking several ears and killing a brakeman Mark Twain has been stopping in London with Tom Hoodie. A San Franeisebcorresponito we have another things will alter; much flood .and on a new a commence principle. .....The Sunday liquor law is to be enforced hereafter in Chicago'.. ....The Ger-man Government advises its manufacturers . .. I .11. i oxC uie buiuc . iu semiI ciuiu aimI t'A joncrs quality and at the .same prices as that to. nishedby England and France, to Jap; an...The estimated, is mist, nor were"cither of them "Mormons;" facts Rhine,! Marne and Loire have overflowed which there seems little need for our stating, their banks... ...The Deputy Sheriff of New for had either been different the tragic incident York lately lost track of Tweed and failed to would have been heralded to the world as a ralroads.'-in--tlieUnited$tateT-rrhe . lUlllLtlUj-ilcm!H, TvrnMM h UIJK KIIJYV . .. UllHi-JHtHl- . .4 DV-"U- fr I I 1 UiU port says a man in New Albany has fifteen jx)se this family to have been Methodists, iu is or nomail but it. doesn't say v neiner T.-Catholic's: .did their domestic in daughters, . a polygamist or Jias any sons or noi......iiui--l 1 felicity destrov anv- -t ruth which either of wer Lytton promises the lovers of romance tjlese reijgipuf.. systems possess? Did it a new novel......Macready,the tragedian, is 1)rove either to be a false faith? And is U ' rrKA 1A.T1 Atl nil II nrIiil "" .V I "Arthurian Legends .viil shortly' be pub- , ,y 1 new-wor- ld A invested m cureilTieathTlieriiu.sbanti was not a poiyga- - e-total'-rapitah J I T 1 lished..... .The Ilague-GovCTiime- inniAlCAttHlCUCiatp-JICIlCitifiA -Vnin U I r. refuses nt u.ua u iwmi" -- Texas.tiic v - . - ,. V . . : .. SuicuJesapmmonanaiiustiancountnes r social and criminal statistics. --What woul(Ue thought of f ; ause murrieu " uVu eaNMI -- conple sought this terrible means oLbreakiiisr J be. marriage tie, that therefore marriage Mas a curse to the human family? Yet reasoning of :; monism," and the system of marriage which is new sacreti iy tne iatter-ct- a v v saints,v3ieiiano women have their irritable moments their hours following rash- words hastily spoken, when regret, pain, and even anger, hold sway. This result of their inability to exercise i n rt on rrl j n ro rnv in Salt Lake City, Utah Tenns: f penect control over tnemseives one or tne evi- Publkhed u i tt i One one ai iwuvii niiii uk; uuuif, .'ivtr, cory jJiuicu. "iuTtrnnlrlvn fences that humanity is imperfect. Yet who in cnrnnr nriiiiotl nation for the price PXlF 3 t jl uiuv xiuivjfriiui, i ai vi Aiuvu ciuai Vj CS - .... A ..y.vv.j-linev"-- v r 0f nonparei space, one time, ?2j pcr month, $. that any ordained condition' of society receiii ly uisini sseu in e case oeioro n lm ana Campbell & Patterson, General Agents, East Temple street jshallsaj" is responsible for this? It only proves, as the Lake City. discharged all the prisoners, because he was Salt Address all business communications to poet has beautifully expressed it, that "The Publishers Woman's Exponent, too drunk to proceed with the business Salt Lake City, Utah. trail of the serpent is over us all." - the Court . . .. . Seward's The case which we have referred to in this estate, bequeathed by will to his sons and a SALT LAKE 1872. NOVEMBER CITY, 1, "Goldcity furnishes no text, only that man can be. r daughter, is valued at $200,000 unkind and brutal, and woman, maddened, can smith Maid" trotted a mile in 2:16 i, the FOR PALESTINE. do desperate things. And had the pair been best time on record for one mile. Mr. Bonner claims that his "Dexter" has On professedly "Mormons" this would have beeu of 20th the ult. the Sister Eliza beaten this time in a private trial...... IMr. (1 morning tne only, text derivable from it. while the ' Snow. President of all the Female Relief m m . o c iucciira lain mm, hcuiilt ' wHwuaiuii nuiau iun ..5, on iiy& accmlii to the G cl of the has abandoned thfr profession and purchased a vinegarfactory in CTiIgo.-...A- ll tlio can- - er jray to Palestme, orthe Holy Land. ler GoiL Bitone m must be no(ull , counec. didates iircmiii jeiiueu oy me comoinea , ue,u ullfUIi tion with it. The very silence of those papers ' ds , . h . i . .T: t v uai M . m - , is-th- e linljmrn-f--frnT?f-rrr?rr"WAfl- iai ,sn semi-monthl- y, I i' MS---- 1 vT LI 1 I r - . , be-fo- .Ex-Secreta- .i ,j re ry ; " 7 1 p, Siamfimihy.eaatmin, I lected......A man at Cannelton, Indiana, has been granted a divorce from his wife because sheAvasnt as plump as she made, herself appwir, baa newsj.-bevente- en Apaches, at Squaw Peak, Arizona, who, with others, left their Reservation, were assault on the recently killed......An .1 K' i .... li. "as -- 1 XI- Avauvuiy concerned therein..... .Harvard College has decided not to ndmit. bulio AW,?,W has been flooded by a terrible rain Scotland, stormi kitchens are 'being establi by "Alimentary clubs ' in Paris on account of the high price of provisions... Mrs. Dr. Carl Formes joins the army of women lecturers this season...... An insane man, who was formerly ah expert telegraph operator, escaped from confinement, and his failed to discover his place of resort Co-operat- ive imiuanotneroperator itientihed thermissing maniac by his "touch on the telegraph key in a distant city.... ..At a recent public ex- edition in Kentucky: no allowance having been made for the age and debilitated con dition of the prisoner, when the drop was sprung, tne neacl was left suspended in the rope' while the bleeding trunk dropped to the ground..;... At Susanville, Lassen Co., small stones have been washed outAyhicli are pronounced byexperts to .be genuine diamonds..... .Chicago has a petrl- bed baby During the ixast Summer, of this city, ana iaer Anson uaii, :or Bountiful, Davis County, formed the partv with which she traveled east, they all designing to unite with President Georre A. Smith before he leaves for Europe. Bishop-Taylor of this city, and daughter, left a few- iflv ua T?i,irt ..v. -- ftti "..iv. v,,. ivs " v,, John Taylor and Paul A. Schettler still expect to The umted' Wl1 Par number some twelve or persons, and mar be absent for nearly a year. ..Jiui7niu will ear with them the earnest prayers and best wishes of tho thousands of Tetter-da- y Saints in tncse valleys, for pleasant voyaging while absent and their safe return. V e hope to be able to present the readers of the Exponent with comniiinicatioris from Sister Snow, as she can find time to write cidents of the journey; and we need scarcely say how deeply interesting such letters will teller, 1 I w 1 - wifni if- 7? - in-keep- ers be, however brief. ' 0n tIie FALSE LOGIC. ult. a woman in this city took poison and died. Her domestic life had been unhappy, and from the indifference manifested by .her husband under the terrible stances, according to the evidence given at the Inquest, there is reason to believe that he destrucUon of his wife vjewedthe asmoreofa relief than a calamity. How far 18tl1 circum-Californi- self-infliet- ed a, I - tl - that JrT. i2ents i I ' I Thft TTn,co inf aphAAl.Thh Austrian committee of Congress on appropriations is Government is said to have prohibited the to meet in Washington in November, to ar-- sale of the German -- translation of the life of v w, uorcoran nas pre range tliieppTopriatmirTOIs torthe nextLJanies Fisfc, session of Congresi.i ers on the steamship blocks of Liverpool are "Greek Slave".. .IVn Indian outbreak is'ap- on a s t fike . . ....A n English uiitrai nod year- prehend ed i n Idaho, . . . . .Bismarck prohibits in London: latelfOF$107OOO prov- Ice sells fbr pound in The French navy includes 50 iron-claA national dog show is beimr orjranized .ain i rnTTTi wry i r i ".at cizzTi "H A AT "D AT'm u 4 . ..... JJoston Kansas City has increased to ttie 1 Jui n Vitliliv uivui A . extent or ljzw nouses m two years...... China and Japan haver this year absorbed JLOVISE I GItEEXE, Editor. $20,000,000 of treasure, in adjusting their ni rwi,! ' I -- tan?e most eagerly as a powerful argument against lolygamy, had the persons been "Mor mons," is an acknowledgement of the superi ' ority of "Mormon" principles, .by admitting that it would have been much more noteworthy H had it occurred in a polygamist family j the truth remains the same, that neither mon- - ;f ogamy nor polygamy is free from misery where ungovernetl passion rules; while they who are ;! governed by correct principle, animated by ; pure desires, and understand aright the relation- ship which thesexes bear to each other and man- - : kind to the Creator, will live in love, peace ; and happiness, though the famly circle should : ' embrace one husband and fifty wives. . 1 ; : ENJOYIENT FOR THE YOUXG.i ' ! interesting- sights we have witnessed in a long time was the ; Sunday School excursion from the north part i! of Utah County, to this city, on Monday, the 21et ult. The Skinday Schools of Lehi, Ameri-- 1 J can Fork,Pleasant Grove and Alpine, to the:: number of over thirteen hundred, accompanied by their Superintendents and Teachers, and by : Bishop Harrington, of American Fork, Bishop ; Brown,- of Pleasant Grove, and Bishop Tic- - i Cullough, of Alpine, and having along the;, brass bands of Lehi and American Fork,rcached his city about noon. They-visit- ed the New Tabemkcle, heard the grand organ play, looked ' Pne. .of- - the most pleasant-and- - . - ! r ; - 