WO MAN'S' exponent; I'll EXTRAVAGANCE AND MARRIAGE. aggrieved. Presently, no doubt, wre shall hear of a rush being made for the doctors and Ieavingr7oOT Those who like, with Mr. Buckle, to poor curates a determined charge may be collate social phenomena and draw general expected on the ranks of the clergy. The deductions from them, may just now gather soldiers, whose profession it is, as General excellent material for the process. As an Da mas observes, "to make widows, not example, we find the London journals dis- wives," will then come in for their share of cussing with earnestness the prodigious expiation, the sailors may follow, and so on, cost of beef., braid, coal and female attire: until the whole round of society receives its and looking at the law reports in some of due share of attention. Aflerthis experithe papers, we hnd a most unusual number ence, extreme weariness will take the place, of cases of breaches of promise in which the we may be sure, of the easy confidence with man is the defendant. The significance of which men flirted and committed themsel ves this is prolxibly beyond dispute. Among in the olden time, arid ladies witira taste for a hundred men who have engaged them- admiration will be put on lenten fare as a selves, a certain percentage of cautious vicarious atonement for the wounded hearts natures will be found who, on the contem- of their litigious sisters. plated step becoming imminent, are more In all seriousness, the omens suggested thought of its by these numerous suits for breach of promandp"inoisturl)l:byz;lie difficulties and responsibilities. ise fornf a subject for deep and careful pecuniary retreat, and a cer reflection. There are by no means so many tain proportion probably a small one of cases :here, where the facilitiesifor-divorce- s the outraged damsels seek such solace as the are greater;" but the fear of marriage responlaw will accoid them sibilities the feeling that men of a certain sociaL position have nonbusiness with the no question thata-highcoThere can-bof living discourages marriage, or that the luxury of a wife unless possessed of a hand. discouragement-of carriage is hurtful to some competency is unmistakably gainthe state; but it is easier to ioint out the evil ing ground, among, us, and possibly the than the remedy. We cannot put down practical objection set up of late by so many the price of butcher's meat by Special legis- in England may like wise! become prevalent resort to sumptuary laws to regu- in America, The subject is well worth the, lation, late how many yards of tulle, or lace, or silk best thought of students in social science, a woman may be permitted to wear. Yet it and, indeed, of all righ people who is. true that; the absence of all restraint in can makeise of anew and powerful argu-inethese matters, nd the excess threatened in against that extravagance in modern them, is equivalent to setting a "premium on living, which is confined neither to the Old immorality and a tax on wholesome domestic world nor the New. New York "Times." life. The sight of men straining every nerve fd suprt an expensive family, and BOOKS AND CONVERSATION. often going behind hand in the struggle and losing all. hope and faith in the future, If half the. time which is Spent in idle is surely no strong incentive to part with and talking fashionable nonsense, the immunities of celibacy. It isaseiK'tacle gossip was used in gathering grains of gold, in which might be supposed to touch theheart storing the mind with a certitude of things of any woman but it does not. Doubt- as they are and have beenand are likely to less there are circumstances attendant on much more real t enjoyment modern civilization, otherthaiuthe expend become, very experienced -- would be realized by siveness of livingto discourage marriageVi lhairts In many. selecting reading matter, someMany, however, Avho profess to have made a that will be beneficial in some form close study of the subject pronounce this thingId shou always be chosen ; something that consideration the paramount one in London Will serve to . enliven and enlighten the and it is fast becoming so in New York. of intellect Not always the same The "Daily News" of the former city, de- powers but a diversity of interesting and clares that the proportion of actions for subjects, instructive themes. And in like manner breach of promise increases there daily, and should with friends be conthat a perusal of the evidence shows that ducted. our associations And; yet, often will a word or dread of the expense har usually led to the sentence be light conversation defendant's breach of faith. It also signifi which will droppeda in eoacrent to numerous prove cantly obsves that a study jof the jases brilliant aiid: delightful- - strains of thought tried shows "that there are women quite which, but for the accidental stroke upon equal to laying a plot for a verdict of big the keynote, might long have slumbered damages after drawing out the first letter of or never have been !x)rn. And in reading endearment from their future victim J' people wiU frequently There seems, to be less delicacy, less dread simple:mieedotes, uimhi some little dint of inspiration of publicity 16 n the part of forsaken damsels happen Which will prove the foundation to a great than of yore, and some indeed in late cases and sublime ; infusion of meditations, and have behaved as if they thought that next richto being, married; an explicit promulgation may be given to the world in flowing ' ; of :the fact that somebody at some time lias ness and beautiful originality. wished to marry them is a thing to be TmtltXVV e st truthful when they arc nothing but budget;: of the vilest cant and hypocraey ! Only imag- orover such a prayer as me foliowiner, for an unfortunate fellow creature who had becomV so desparate as to commit suicide, and heij friends, could write dark misrepresentations concerning the teachings of a man proven to be a firm maintainer of truth", integrity, virtue and honesty! "May the tender Father of us all, who saw all the agony of her soul, gather and enfold her in His merciful arms, and also extend to the aged mother and sister, far away on the shore of Michigan mighty lake His tender consolation in this hour of deepest sorrow." And the falsehoods told arid written by in this instance are these foolhardy-peoplbelieved by many, in preference to the truth! And yet' we must not be annoyed, because that ris iwhat they- - wrould... like, to make us do and we must disappoint them. ;Well! e, --- rrr ... .. Frank.- - Mil. Robert Dale Owen has contracted, with the "Atlantic Monthly" to publish his autobiography, in monthly chapters, begin-in- g with the number for January. Loud Bacon says, "But little do men perceive wThat solitude is, and how far it extendeth; for a crowd is not company, and faces are but a gallery of pictures, and talk but a tirikiirig cymbal, where there, is no love." Wilt, the Earth Become a Sun Spot? Mr. R. Holms sends a paper intended to prove that the earth is gradually solidifying and losing its acqueous vapor; also, that it is steadily diminishing its distance from the sun, as shown by the gradual shortening of the year or annual revolution of the earth; also maintaining that the "solar spots',' are not excavations, nor breaks in the solar atmosphere, but that they are matter such as forms the planets in a state of combustion, whose emissions supply the solar system with heat, light and electricity. The planetary, cometary and nebular systems are considered in this view. We receive occasional communications of this kind, which we are unable to publish because they deal with what must yet be questions of theory and speculation, rather than ascertained facts of science. "English Paper.'? They, who sit in tho light of so many briliiarit windows little. Know, perhaps, how mucnTlaporrgwtho making up of them. They are first designed, then stained in bits; their colors are burned in separately, first the blue, then the, red and each requires three successive heatings in tho oven. They must be pieced into a whole, with leadings connecting the piece, then swung . into a large window frame to be examined. If any defect be discovered, the part or parts must be burned again in the oven, and then must be Jburned. together. ,The scene In Glasmalarie is remarkable enough. Here is a man engaged upon a martyr's toes, while in another room the eyes of the same saint cast upon you the last look of despair as they are shoved into a furnace so are ast blind hose who will not heated seven-fol- d "None just as if Herr Fortner, aee." How some people love to misconstrue who now presides, I believe, were another the words and motives of others! Why Diocletian. ; , can't they have sense enough to realize A week later you w ill "see the martyr, that they, like others, and otherslike them purified by his ordeal, smiling down a whole selves, are mortal beings, and all alike are rainbow upon the workmen in their shirt subject to mortal weaknesses and mdrtal sleeves, in an apartment of chalk, old woes? I have but little charity to extend to planks, coke and all sorts of odds and ends. those extraordinary . "srood" people who These fellows are no respectersof persons, watch for , iniqu i tyr i n ... oth era : and seek to cither, Gods mid saints, St G eorge's dragons hide their own baseness under a cloak, so and the chamois destined for some nobie-maa- 's black as to deceive almost themselves,-anhunting box, jire cast together into make them fancy they arc pure and the oven and shine together on trie wails. nt s . -- , -- , accounted desirable. The journal Ve have quoted calls attention to one odd feature which it would puzzle the author of the History of Civilization himself to account for. This isthat the breach of promise epidemic, as raging of Late in England, takes the form of a run upon special classes of persons. Thus, w ithin three weeks of the time its article was" published, the "News" says that more than twenty fanners have been .mulcted Jbr faithlessness to their sentimental engagements- .- At- a - period - more remote, the linen drapers came in for their share of punishment young ladies, .employed'- in their shops being usually the persons d tha-Whol- e 