r RESPONSIVE. FRIENDS. TO MY MAGNANIMOUS She writes for the press over the- noiri 4e plume of Annie Arden. Abby SagoRiehardson has a new lecture for this season, on Sir Valter Raleigh and his American voyages. A young lady in Georgia has petitioned the Legislature to pass an act prohibiting flirtation on the part of young men. The Queen of Sweden is a novelist. Impress' with kindness which exhales Beneficence unsought: I fain would speak, but language fails To grasp the swelling thought. (1 i t K'en gratitude, deepT cemhtTwdTdl -t Unable to express The feelings in my bosom stirr'd, Dissolves in thankfulness. t -- -- ... ,, : ............ . EDUCATION AND EMPLOYMENT OP. GIRLS. - THE SEX. I go with humble, grateful heart A young lady in Ilarrisburg has been made blind by the poisonous dye3 in some To each and every one. goods she has been sewing in a fashionable p. drygoodsJiouse. the care I goOf dppendingon Chicago has a shooting gallery for the ex God, our Father God; clusive use of ladies, among whom there is For which, I ask your faith and prayers, Whilo I remain abroad. a growing restlessness to become proficient with "rifle r ahdjiistolr71 The warm emotions of the heart Too full for utterance. Harriet Martineau and five hundred M list bask in silencemust resort women have petitioned the other :T unspoken eloquence, ELIZA'.' R. SNOW. House English r of Commons to dispenso with the 'cat'.' as a means of punishment. Salt Lakie City, Oct 2Gth, 1872. A Long Branch beauty was recently DIVERSIONS. weighed in her promenade costumo and turned the scales at 165 pounds. In her bathing dress she weighs 1 OG pounds. live Many of tho rich planters of Jamaica In a Florida young ladies' seminary the ; on coffee grounds. thoughts of tho inmates arq taken from "DAUGHTERCULTURAL shows',' is the dress, by putting the girls. fn uniform-d- ark latest name for a family party. green for Winter and pink for SumIf Adam is accountable for consequen mer. "Dear me, how fluidly he talks," said tial damages' he will have a rough time of Mrs. Partington recently at a temperance meeting. "I am always rejoiced when he The Jewish "Messenger" wishes Stanley mounts the nostral, for his eloquence warms to try his skill on the ten lost tribes of k every catridge in my body." Israel. rvr Richardson, of Cheshire, a relative Billings says, "There ain't ennything of Mrs. Susan B. Anthony, who has carried ona that will kompletely kure lazyness, but i isince her hus have known a second wife to hurry it sum." large farm for twelve years now she is seventy-seve- n band's death, thinks, Do you think,'? asked Mrs. Pepper, years old, Lit is about time to retire "that a little temper is a bad thing in a from business, and so is building a cottage woman?" at the center of the town. "Certainly not, ma'am' replied the galLilian Edgarton was lately compelled to lant phiolsopher; "it is a gdo&thing, and she appear before : '. ought never to lose it." her lecture manuscript and her pretty dress, A music dealer has in his window a sen- both Of the articles being in her trunk. She timental song thus marked: "Thou hast compromised, however, by reading a sketch loved me and left me, for twenty-fiv- e of another lecture, and reciting "The cents." Launching of the Ship," and the next even:: her was rl A little gi tenderly nursing ing gave her lecture in full costume. sick doll the o&er day, and on her mother 3Iiss Edith Challis denies the truth of the ailed she "It's what got it, replied, asking report of having been made the heiress of the 'Alabama claims very bad." an opulent old lady to whom she jwas kind or his noted for of Earl The Shaftesbury, during her illness. Miss C. also says that thodoxy, said lately that if the Pope had a several pious English relatives, who had wife, she Would not allow him for an hour to ceased to recognize her since her connection remain in the belief that he was infallable. witlfthe stage, became suddenly sociable, An old maid suggests that when men and invited her to stay at their houses, on break their, hearts, it is all the same as learning that she had become a capitalist when a lobster breaks one of his claws anThe celerated lady dentist of Berlin, Mrs. its in and other sprouts immediately, grows Henrietta Herschfeld, is described as a re,. fined knd beautiful woman, with wonderful place. An Illinois lover closed a letter to his lady strength in her small hand. She extracts sentimentally as follows; "My best loved teeth with unsurpassed dexterity and pre one. I chawed the postage stamp on your cision. Moreover, she prepares iasi leneraii to tnunuer, oecause i kiiuw articles for magazines, in which she instructs mothers In regard to the care of children's , you licked it on." teeth a matter which seemst;not generally CLERG YMANMdrt ors as follows: "Be not proud that our Lord understood in Germany. . - paid your sex the distinguished honor of ap A spinister wTho can stand the derogatory pearing first to a female after resurrection, remarks concerning old maids no longer, for it was only that the glad tidings might writes to the Cincinnati "Times:" "I am spread the sooner." happy to say that I have for many years be.The characteristic of the umbrella is longed to that class of much reviled women; power of chanering shapes. You may leave but many of my intimate menas nave oeen a bran new silk with an ivory and rosewood married women.and from them I have heard handle at any public gathering, and within more scandal and detraction, more jealousy three hours it will transform itself into light and rivalry, more of the spirit of 'envy, v blue or faded brawn cotton, somewhat less hatred, and iinalice and uncharitablenesV . in size than a circus tent, with a handle like than from any old maid I ever knew or heard a telegraph pole and five fractured ribs. For every kindness shown: May Ileav'n its richer jtifts impart ! ? . -p- -r-v-.r ; . . " . -.- ... . . well-writt- en . ""A : ' i. Nothing to jso-te- nds of the-degener- aey womanhood as a life of laziness and indulg ence an aim for a wealthy husband, and then life with no object nor aim beyond raising a family, whether taste lies in that direction or not. It is not only bad for: physical health, but is bad for moral alo. A very serious and common mistake in the training of our girls is the neglect definitely to provide against the vicissitudes of life with the faculty of noble, self support. Just think of. your daughter, well born and rocked in theJa J) of luxury, commg, onepf these days, to sewing5 or keeping boarders for a livelihood. Yet thousands of girls, herupon whose gifts, have come to that. It .seems to us that a very rich man who has daughters should provide for them with visions of the almshouseeontinuallyfloating before his eyes. No amount of pecuniary endowmentswill be a sure defence against the demons of pauperism, Tno fires may burn it up, tno waves may engulf it, prodigal scoundrels of huslwnds may waste it, rascally trustees and ; girlhool-fortune-lavish- - etl - -" executors may pillage it. These and a thousand kindred contingencies considered, besides the proverbial helplessness - oman, are almost enough to make a thought ful and cautious man pray that daughters may not be born unto him. So,' then, we say, let the education of our girls provide for the possible problems of self-hel-p In the noblest-possib- le way. The . daughters of millionaire and mechanics alike should be made distinctly to understand that all the love romances lie, and that there is no such thing as making compact with fortune to avert the necessity of honest toil. Nay, more, we would have the girls taught that labor, especially brain labor, for the benefit of the world, is too noble to be un dertaken for mere mercenary ends, albeit the world must and will pay for it. Our American girls need a great deal of and their fathers discipline and mothers need to have a great many of their foolish notions of propriety about toil, and the wicked caste idea it encourages, killed as the rank social weed it is. You will hardly find a girl who will teach school, orn parent who will allow it, except1 under the compulsion of a scanty purse. What a shame to our Christianity is this! A fine lady, rustling in her silks, boasts that she has had all masters in literature and art, has seen all the galleries of Europe, speaks three languages, can draw from nature, and we know not what else; and yet she would not soil her respectibility by teaching a child of ignorance the alphabet or hammering the multiplication table into a class of little in calico! Sure enough, the millennium has not come yet. Balance; of-w- ect; " know-nothin- gs ' A girl, not far from Schenectady,, little after noticing for some time the glittering g in her aunt's - front teeth, ex-- , claimed: "Aunt, I wish I had copper-toe- d i , ,r teeth like yourst A fafer recently alluded to a man as a "battle-scare- d veteran." The compositor was so agitated when the editor made him gold-fillin- correct it, that he changed it to "battle-scarreveteran. And still the veteran in question was not satisfied. TnERE have been several instances lately out "JVest of girls who have run away to join the circus. AVhat a joy it must be to a gentle maiden to array herself in gauze and spangles and dash through paper covered hoop3, and associate with teamsters and rowdyish circus men. d" j 