.' j: r; j-"- woman's exponent.. . TWO SIDES OP LIFE. ' iFor tkd ExrosEST. STANDING ALONE. There is a shady sicU of life, And a sunny sido as well, And 'tis for every one tossy ; On which he'd choose to dwell; For every one unto himself Commits a grievous sin, . Down he goes! And, Oh! what a thump on that precious head! It must be bathed in cold water and camphor. And tender, pitying expressions must be uttered to sooth the little jwounded heartwhich is as nearly broken by having made this first grand . Who bars the blessed sunshine out, L And shuts the shadows in. . i r1:::':-';'-- feel ' ' at ease in any garb ia to wear it often. If the pleasing garb of good manners put on upon rare occasionsit is only will never fit well and seem, comfortable. Learn to behave properly at home, to cultivate yourself. Do not sit or stand or loungeaboutrinTair ungainly attitude, but acqui re La manly, erect bearing. I have never seen such vigorous, hardy manhood wear their saddest robes, attempt to "do something," and met : with in any class' as among cultivated farmers' sun refuse to The smile, so sudden and unexpected a failure, fn the sons. Let table manners be especially And sorrow, with her troop of ills, a as of and ever it looked after. way fall, fright injury, May threaten us the while: But still the cheerful herat has power will be by heavier Mis in future life. All If you are so unfortunate as to have a A sunbeam to provide; the laughter and innocent joyousness which mother who is careless in this regard, you And only those whos souls are dark, illumed the baby face a moment before, must do the best you can to remedy the Dwell on life's shady side. raay "The-cToudT- -- FLO WEBS. Nothing is so reasonable and cheap as good manners. There is no grace i n a be nefl t that st ieks to the fingers. How few the men who dare to be just what they are. No person knows what he would do till comes the time to decide. If you would add to the happiness of yourself and others, work without fretting. Mrs. Partington says ;she gets, up every morning at the chill carrion of the chande- lier. - :r :-- r :'. rr:::7; ::::rz:z:.::: He who does evil - that good may come pays a toll to the devil to let him into - Heaven. rOp all earthly music, that which reaches farthest r into heaven is the beating of a ... loving heart. If men strove as hard for happiness as for money, manhood would be more glorious than now. as Neither death nor life is as serious, maarriage. Yet nothing is entered- into more thoughtlessly. A man that hoards riches and enjoys them not, is like an ass that carries gold and eats thistles. Good epigrams, like good jokes, never lose their youth; but when and where they commence their wanderings, "you nor I nor ' no one knows. ONEJShould ..' not or conceited. "When speaking of the dead," siiys Sir James Puckle, in his "Gray Cap for a Green Head,'! a volume abounding in quaint similies folded about kernels of good senser "When speaking of the dead, so fold up -your discourse that their virtues may be outwardly shown, while their vices are wrapped up in silence." A good way m -- which to speak of the living, too?:; "Who says angels must be all young and El53i4S Are there rtomecomforting ones, shabby and7tenderf whose radiance does not dazzle nor bewilder; whose faces are worn, perhaps, while their stars shine with a tender, tremulous light, more soothhearts than ing to our aching earth-boun- d the glorious, radiance of brighter spirits?" The habit of fretting becomes so settled that it is very difficult to overcome, in everything in life, whether of great or small importance. It is well worth the effort to look upon things in a cheerful light for personal comfort and the happiness of those around us. A hornet's nest is a dangerous and disagreeable thing to stir up, but not worse than the disposition of some fretting - men and women. "Elm Orlou." : -- . : early defects in yourjiome trainingtNote carefully how well-bre- d people behave, and do ymrjedi to imitate them It is noble to be an imitator of all that is good and beautiful. Above all, if you wish to be at home in society, fill your brain with ideas. Set your mind at work. Wake it out of the sluggishness it would naturally sink into if you were only a plodder and nothing more, by good stirring thought. Take the newspapers and road them thoroughly. Know- Hedge is a great power in many more senses than one. If you go into society with something in your mind worth talkiner about you will not fail to find listeners who will treat you with respect; and where you are well received, you will not fail very soon to find yourself at ease. "Country- - Gentle man." ,.- ns." t Written for the Ex po ext. WHEN TO SPEAK. "I'd rather thrash in the barn all day," said Reuben Riley to his sister, as he adjusted an uncomfortable collar about his neck, than go to the pesky party. I never know what to do with myself, stuck up In the parlor all ihe evenings jfthLfellows There is ofteiiivirtue in reniainingisilent: when malevolence, jealousy, contempt or ridicule excites the colloquial powers to scorn, inconsistency, harshness or derision. But there are also times when the tame, taciturnity of, which some pseudo-model- s of propriety are so anxious to present a And these" formula, reaches culpability. instances are of moreJrequent occurrence! than is generally admitted or realized. When we hear the truth assailed falsely, it fa a duty for us to open our mouths and endeavor to correct the heresy if possible, by sound , ph i losophic reasoning. And this may be done in a frank, easy manner, with- out extravagance or cause; oreffenceTnrhen a cheerful and clear. mind may infuse a ray of light into a burdened and beclouded one, bywordsDfr counsel antlmforfitfiim- - charitable and ungenerous to preserve silence. And some gifted, yet people, may have accounts to settle hereafter for bridling the tongue too closely; if they do not allow it to be of use where it might, of an affectedly but for the delicate instinct. Meeting a person in the street, with whom you have a slight acquaint-"-ancand who is in the least, degree worthy of recognition, and passing without notice, shows a lack of sociability., which is often mistaken for superciliousness. It is better reflec should tion eveu to speak, 'the present over-caref- ul mock-modes- ty EASE IN SOCIETY. wouML pull u - " foTpum-audoblenaii- They are often for better for the student than success. He who goes to school to his mistakesAvIll alwaysliave a, goodschool-maste- r, and will not be likely to become idle ; have disappeared, and tears of anguish and cries of dispondency and painr tell how aceutely the disappointment is felt by the enterprising young genius,, just beginning to learn to walk. His hopes are blighted, his prospects so bedimmed and eloudcnOImf he feels he never can be anything or anybody in the world, and overwhelmed with grief and discouragements, he allows his little head to droop upon a loving neck, and tl i ere wails -- h i msel f to sleep under the influence of the sweet luUaby of a sympathiz- ing voice. After a brief rest, however, he will awake again, and with renewed anima tion and vigor, stand bravely forth to make another effort with, perhaps, a little more caution than before, and, very possibly better success. 7 But other failures lie in ; wait for him. Other disappointments will have to be encountered. The path of life he will find, is thronged with them. Every little way there is a hill to be surmounted, a summit to be gained. And untaught feet are ever apt to choose the "slippery paths, because they look most smooth and inviting. And with a fall as sudden as the infant's first, are fair, bright prospects often stricken dowand high hopes blasted by a single shock, and all the sunshine of a young, glad life crushed and lostapparently for ever. Then, should there be no sympathizer near, no voice to cheer, no practiced hand to guide, and to lift up and rest theweary head, and bring new life and animation to the over burdened, bruised and breaking heart how terrible to stand thus all alone. But it is not, nor never can be so to one who lives Ther happiest heart is heavy in its turn; the strongest, weak at times, and calls for aid; but there is a Source of strength for the fainting soul which never fails, and sunshine for the gloomiest heart, brighter amL more glorious than the mother's smile upon' her loving, G. trusting dear one. e, itself that Otheimaginetheniselvesbet- ter or wiser than we are. For if we believe that other people entertain such feelings, they may be led to credit the same opinion us, by our lack of sociability. But should never go nowhere, to see anybody, and no of be the case that they look upon us as wonder we feel so awkward when we happen It courtiers because we do not shun them, we to stir out" least have the appearance of being The remarks of this brother and sister will, atbred than they, if for this reason were but the echoes of the sentiment of letter allow us to speak first many other farmers' boys and girls when they always invited out to snend a social evenlner. But poor Lucy had not hit the true cause oi the - To arrive at perfection, a man must have difficulty; it was not because they seldom very sincere friends or inveterate enemies; went any where, but because there was such because he would be mada sensible of his awido difference between their home and good or ill conduct either by the censures the company's manners. The true way to of the one or the admonitions of .the other. their coats pff and go out and chop wood on a match, there'd be some fun in that" "Well, I hate it as bad as you do, Reuben," said sister Lucy. "The fact is we -- S3 . 