WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 62 ' not turn a woman into a caricature of the fonn God made, and made last of all. All even women will admit the , truth THE NURSERY ELF. - Dear littl feet, how yon wander and wander. twin inxanwio neei;- Dear little head, bow yea ponder and ponder Over the things that you meet. of-th- is, Dear HUla tongue, how yeu chatter and chatter vrer your innocennoys. ... Ohl butthe house ia alive with your clatter Shaking, indeed, with your noise. ; t Can't you be quiet a.moment, sweet rorer ? Ii there no end to your fun ? Soon the "old, aand man" will iprinkle you over, Then the day's frolic is done. Bieng-yo- u ,.- - losieepr TO MAKE HOME HAPPY. A smile, a gentle word of kindness, a .tidy room and lbjIth'ft";icecleah' enough to be kissed, should always be In readiness for tho reception of the head of a family when heicomes In fatigued and careworn, from the pressure of the busy, daily routine orthe outside world. Let him feel that if sympathy cannot be found elsewhere, It always exists for him at home. Let him see that his goodness In planning and laboring for the support and comfort of his dear ones, is appreciated and gratefully acknowledged by the performance of every little action of love that can be thought of for his enjoyment at home. Never let him meet With a fretral and g spirit, under the shades of that roof which should be the covering of his heaven on earth. If there are losses and crosses to be met, let the different members "of families help to meet them bravely, instead of trying to discourage. If a husband and Cither does not, at all times, pay just that attention to his family that they think he should do, let it be remembered that he has many things to think of, many duties to perform, that they are not acquainted Avitli, and could, probably; render him no assistance in, were he to take the time to explain to them, instead of makingr a little show of negligence, , fault-findin- notendeavoririg to niake his family understand all his business affairs. Let heads of families realize that to such testimonials they owe a reciprocity, and should spend as much time as possible at home, and always be possessed I of the same good influence . they' love to meet with. , - G. - USE AND ABUSE OF DRESS. It was Lavater who said that women habitually attentive to dress display, the same regularity in their domestic affairs, while another writer, alluding to the carelessness of some wives concerning their attire, emphatically affirms, "It is one of the moral duties of every married woman to appear in the presence of her husband." But to effect this, expensive or elaborate ; attire is by no means essential. The simplest robe may evince the wearer's taste as truly as the most costly gown of "moire antique" in fact, the simplest dresses are often the most graceful. Garments should follow, as for as possible, the shape of the body as devised and found tfood by the great Artificer. All that follows those beautiful iines must be itself , beauti-fu- l. All that changes, deforms, or exaggerates those lines must be seamless, ugly ludicrous and untrue. Whether a gown swell out Into the hoops of the great tun of Heidelberg, or project backward like the reverse side of the Hottentot Venus, it Is alike hideous. A gown may bo of many folds, of many thicknesses, but it should 1 well-dress- -- ed while they persist in disfiguring themselves in the very, manner condemned, for, in jusladies tice to the mass of elaborately-dresse- d who daily walk our streets," we must admit that! were they to follow inclination alone, their costumes would be .much simpler. There breathes not the woman who does not secretly detest 'her narrow-sole- d boots, heels the with their pointed heating, j uncomfortable the "chignon;" corset and unwieldy "panier." Yet she lacks courage to discard these instruments of torture because fashion sanctions their use. O foshion, fiishioh! Dare you number your victims? This mania for costly "dress" is devastating our American society, and demoralizing American women to an alarmof ing extent. The.3vives. the rich men who lead society in this fear ful race of extravagance are responsible for a crreat hare of the prostitutionyhicn. curses the nation as well as for thousands of business failures, scattered families, and the long train of miseries among us under the cover of "keeping up appearances." An English tourist recently traveling through brain-depressi- ng . Come to my arms, for the daylight is dying, , Closer tha dirk ihariAwa rrAAfv Come, like a bird that is weary of flying, vwsaB,.i THE SEX, And-daught- ers complained that owing to the custom of elaborate dressing fol prevalent lowed by American women, it was impos from sible to distinguish the "shop-girl- " the "lady of means.'! And that brings us to another part of this subject. Poor girls as expensively las possible, because they well know that if they do not, society will punish them bitterly. To be unable to "dress" is to be treated by men and women both with almost disrespect in the car, the boat, at the public gathering, the street and the shop; to be ignored; to feel the shrug of contempt, the sneer of levity and the smile of scorn: to be thrust aside; to be laughed at; to be unceremoniously displaced; to be cruelly driven out of good soAmerica, ciety; to have heart, intelligence, thought, virtue, character, held as nothing against silk;; to be stung; to be outraged; to to be iiusultedallthis more. It matters much not state of things is right or whether this as wrong; it exists,; every woman who can-ufollow fashion's whims knows to her cost It is time for a reform to commence somewhere; but what woman will head it? And "what man" will approve and help be proscribed: ot 1 her? "Waverly Magazine." Women to Save. There's the secret! A saving woman at the head of the family is the very best saving bank established one receiving deposits daily und hourly, with no costly machinery to manage It. The idea of saving is a pleasant one, arid IT the women would imbibe it at once, they would cultivate and adhere to it, and thus when they were not aware of it, would be laying the foundation of a competent Security in a stormy time, land shelter in a rainy day. The" woman who sees to her own house has a large field to save Lin.The best way to make her comprehend i t is to keep an account of all current expenses. Probably not one woman in ten has an idea how much are the expenditures of herself and family. Where from one to two thousand dollars are expended annually, there is a chance to save something if the effort is made. Let the housewife take the idea, act upon it, and she will save many dollars perhaps hundreds where before sho had thought it impossible. This is a duty, yet not a prompting of avarice, but a moral obligation, that rests upon the woman as well as the man. "Elko Independent." Teach the i to zovmtiharrepplIedToTmlmission Amherst College this year. The wife of the late General Robert Anderson will resjde In Florence hereafter. Six ladies will be admitted to the Wesleyan , University, at Middletown, at the next term. 3Iiss Rye is on her way from Liverpool with another lot; of model servant, girls for ' : : :z , the Canadians. It is an error to imagine that women talk more than men. They're listened to more - Mrs. Barnard, a lady of some journal- istic experience, has beeomejrnanaglng edi- - tor of the Washington "Chronicle." . Three ladies --act as notaries public In Iowa. They are Miss Zoe Taylor, Miss E. C. Stebbins and Miss Laura A. Berry. f "The charming ItMLhs-abroa- d r dili- gently-pursui- ng the study of French and m usic. in the boading school of a French convent. X 1171." ; Young ladies will hereafter be admitted to the collegiate department of Griswold College, Iowa, on - the same terms as the 7 young men. The Academy- - of Sciences at Philadel phia has elected a woman to full fellowship. and there is also 'a lady on one of its active r committees. a competitive examination, Miss Carrie S. Sheads has been promoted from a second to a first class clerkship in the Bu reau of Statistics. "The only remarkable thing," says Han nah More, "which belonged to me as an authoress was, that I had written eleven books after the age of CO." The Massachusetts Woman Suffrage Association has again appointtnl a committeo to bring the quesion of woman suffrage be- fore the respective political parties at their approaching State conventions. - . Sionora" Aurelia Luna, a well-know- n Clnimo JVillferb Der Italian authoress, has establishedJn Florence a semi-month- lv newspaper, entitled the "Cornelia," devoted to the advocacy of Woman's Rights and the promotion of the education of Italian women. , Tenxie Claflin and Victoria Woodhuli announce that they will sue the Springfield (Mass.) "Republican" for libel for allowing a correspondent to say that: they-- had at- tempted to blackmail Susan B. Anthony, Lucy Stone, Elizabeth S. Phelps, and others. They also propose to sue these ladles for ipaking the charge originally. ,The expectation-th- at Missr Nellie Grant is to "come out" this season, fills the hearts of the fashionable young ladies Washington with unwonted hopef " pf was under-sto- c -bejpreshe left on the European trip that this winter herappearance "in society" ding in their latest teens to enter the arena if 1 of social fash ion. L j ; Mademoiselle Celeste, the1 tight-rop- e artist, had her leg broken by the rope giving, way during- one of her performances at Shawneetown, Ky. The physician, who set the limb evidently did not know-- his busW ness, and instead, of joining tohe one over the other, gether Lipped the broken limb is about three consequently inches shorter than the other. She is now on her way home, in Rome, N. Y., to havo the family physician break that limb again, and reset it. - the-bone- s -- 