l Vol. x ilts. - v v v , s. . a a. rffi v. un . i '' SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER lo, 1871 I' m No. 10. - : fervid eloquence, and administering the pledge of total abstinence to thousands, it was not considered a disgrace to be intoxicated, only so far as it showed a limited ca pacity to drink fiery whisky. But since his d as intemperance still is, it day, is viewed as disgraceful and degrading to be seen drnnk., When some reformer can accomplish as much for these United States, he wiU kwriy"K J&rea andlihejiriMc Imuo-iito h set iitj bv an Indiana farmer as The name of Napoleon is not as popular in "gold; on a pedestal" orTOvadaTnd;TTfaK' France as it was before the surrender at silver, and gemmed wit li Alaska and Arizo-a gate post. iia;diamondsnrr5 - T) AffT A u it a s had an earthd uake. Are Sedan. "Fatherless, motherless; no friends, they traveling: east from California witnout Washington I). C, had the strange be spared sight a fewdaysago of six personsbcing ar. no home!" were words contained in a letter: giving Utah a call? . They can which-helpe- d to showthe cause of a suicide, here. Iraignedin onetf its courtsr charged-wi- th i n London by an unfortucommitted Mrs. Fair .was acquitted on her second murder; Washington is moral, and temper lately triid in Sn n Francisco, and the result called ate, and virtuous, and free from crime; and nate girl about twenty years of age, who forth an abundance of wrathy newspaper that is the reason probably why it becomes preferredjleath byiierwhagency,rathF so potently stirred Up against Utah occasion than to live and follow the paths of vice. isms. murderers an She asked forgiveness of all who might No race nor clime can claim lengthened aUy Were these six alleged " hear of her, for the crime she was about to vears as a special heritage; A woman of color accident? More trouble in Spain. This time it is commit. It is easier to forgivo such as her, died in Philadelphia a few days ago aged a jrevolt of the troops at the town of Ferrol, than the enlightened Christian ago whose a hundred and live years. a strongly fortified with some 17, folliWtln vehHivt has Train Francis gone again George 000 inhabitants, and some of tjie citizens While President Brigham Young sets an exto Europe, but will return this month. He have ample before tliepcopleof"ihe Church of the insurrectionists. joined King "N. P. A." Amadeus is has still inscribed on his banner the proverb: "Un Jesus Christ, and the whole world, by feedverifying Next? America of President Next lies the head that wears a crown;" and ing, clothing, sheltering and schooling a easy When? many young people who would otherthe prospects of a peaceful reign over the great Prussia maintains Protestantism by re revolution-lovin- g are not very wise ba homeless and friendless; giving bpaniaras them places with his own children, becomfusing to permit Mormon Elders to preach bright for him. in its dominions, and by expelling Jesuits. ing indeed a lather to the fatherless; the be Fall fashions and Winter Vhex the weak-kneeworld derides him and his ways, of which d Prussian Protestantism must be come to maturea pre it understands nothing, and would gladly tney promise iairiy and delicate to be so afraid of contact. sent as much hideousness as any late ones do with its benefactor as the Jews Cincinnati had an inaugural attempt at have manifested: and neonle will admire with its Itedeemer less than nineteen centu-rie- s a war of races, on the night of the 7th inst, themselves imitating astyle of g ago. Yet innocence, driven to desperwnen an xnsn procession anu a coioreu jnoo that hasMen-fashionabin central Africa came into collision. A general war of races for generations: while clothing will be ation, rushes headlong into eternity, and the Christian age hardly" gives a glance to would be more terrible than a war of sec- - Imnrid for avpi-- rmrnnsA but,- tho mm fort - - the miserable v, x x (unfrtunate, but hurries on tiohs, of countries, or even of kindreds. and convenience of the wearer. others for the same horrid future. The Michigan University has received A proposition to license and "ticket" preparing "Missouri Berubli can,", under nineteen young ladies in the "freshman' eJnmates ojLhouses of nJNew theThe J heading-"T- he Oppressed women of class, and Michigan University is honored York is being discussed, and the "Star" of in so doing. The silly prejudices against that citv sensiblv calls for the same rules be-- Utah," has the following sensible remarks, according woman the educational rights en-- ing applied to the male visitors at the whichtoare presented for general considera tion pusedo' philanthrbpists.. silly. sentir" joyed by men are disappearing. places. 1 1 adds: "This th eorjr that th e men lecturers F mehtalists,-- andcariti-I6rmoto not are women share which have and held Nebraska Ohio 'rights' Pennsylvania, "We have heard a good deal about the opelections on the 8th inst, and gave majori in that direction, is not only unchristian but and 'degraded of Utah, and ties for the Bepublican candidates. Indiana, indecent." A sentiment witn wnicn every pressed the unclean and "tyrannical vassalagowhTch" d person will agree. on the same the Mormon social upon the "Democratic candidate. The result is not A house fell in Louisville, Kentucky, female sex: This system imposes string has been tuned favorable to Mi. Greeley's election in No- - the other day, killing a family inside, and and played upon until it appears to have - warrants were promptly issued against the snapped. vember. It seems now that the women are and the foreman the architect, en, builder, almost every body in Utah. They have Word comes from the Pacific Coast that I a a nAiri An At it- ihnnvinrw thAm "1"x" more power and more rights than they have a. woman suffrage bill has . been introduced Of tll6 thO killed. mUrder With If xr perSOllS Ka infr. hanron loiclTtrn Ornrrnn anywhere else on this green earth, and the held more were men responsible boasted lord oXcreation is entirely a second generally just enough to have the bill passed and e. come law,and teach Massachsetts that justice, iUf, ary personage in tiio land ot saints. Tins may look like a strange condition for Utah, U lifo involved humaii there where west to the east, reversing the old order of yonld of all the world, but it is true. That Terri . . on accidents be fewer railroads, by xflm tory and its social system seems to have been -- the lock- - and key by which women which life is recklessly slaughtered. It is have at last entered into the wider, nobler 31iss Sophui Smith, of Massachusetts, to en- - time this d reformation was be- - sphere for which they have prayed and dow a new college for women at Nortliarap- - gun, and the action of the Louisville City worked. An incident which calls up the ton in that State, where young women may courts is a healthy sign. privileges whicli thewomen of Utah enjoy, have means and models of instruction equal Af Tuv K.VTVrTJ(, AT.V nr 4iir, !, lately occurred in Salt Lake City. Miss to those now enjeyed by young men. Telling U Phoebe Couzensof St. " Louis, and Miss the simple fact is ample eulogy on MissJ fpmnprnnfip Attorneys-Gener- al ,,,,0, '.wni5 ,v.MPivpolchratod GcorgicSnowydaughter of-t- he IuI IV A I f I II IIHrTl . Smith,' all honor to her! "I III IIII'Il til lilt I;IIlLIli iiLiiLlT.S. of the Territory, were admitted to v IflP x' on Thursday last, the 10th inst. One good the bar in the District Court, and the cere the camp, the court the grove" might bo thing Father Matthews did for Ireland. Be- - monies were imposing. Tho brace of pretty altered in this mercenary age to "Mammon" fore ho traveled through the country stir- - girls besieged the august Court of Chief uAurcisiiig me ruling power ins now saiu ring uj) ner cimurcu 10 enuiusuiftm uy ni.-- Justice McKeau, and the Court capitulated." ; Pere Hyacinth made $75,000 by hisx marriage. Of course money was no induce- Turkish ladies are discarding thick ment, but it was convenient to find it a portion of the matrimonial bargain: , Veils, The world moves! Napoleon endeavored to take Brave women of the period Those' who upPrince his residence in i Paris last week, his dare to dress comfortably.. wife, the Princess Clothilde, accompanying November oth is the day on which the him.' But the government of Thiers'fper- Presidential election will be held. to leave, them emptorily j:::..j?rderca g EDITORIAL NOTES. - s - -- . wide-sprea- t ' -- ' - ; . sea-po- rt to-da- y, hair-dressin- . le - v -- . 1 ill-repu- te n right-minde- " - - much-neede- flm I ,:-- ? . tt!.i cx" 7 ; s -i 