W O M A N'S E X P O N E N T. FT 91 make a dough - with water; then work the clippings than a strong oak by the it weil witliQUrleapoonful.s of yeast, and pruning knife truth1 Tiiii sim ple crime lies far beyond the vere'e of leoal is, that, unless women after three or four hours bake it. their have a routine of duty that diverts p'oiAJiE-TakIjurisietionyttdtrits-s- a e Transparent nen where snail we two ounces: pastor oil. fivo ounces: us iutiie enueavors. thoughts from themselves, and gives them look-fothe and dress to besides of its think antidote, and whence 13 our half a something alcohol, three ounces:' oil of bergamot. . i. to exhibition of it, they degenerate. The only uraehm; deliverance come? It is plain that the oil of Portugal, half a drachm. Melt is universal cure for this, that wo know of, together the spermaceti and castor oil, pour fountain of sin must be cleansed before the can no man who in the alcohol by degrees, stop the heat and stream will run clear. Rut where shall wo housekeeping. There is afford to pay a fair price for board, who can add the oils; stir well to incorporate, and look for this fountain? Social evil does not not afford to keep house; and housekeeping, pour into glass jars. Flavor to suit. derive its strength and perpetuity from those most miserable libels on "the Image of God" who though it be ever so humble, is the Expose-it. tho for to Written which and are natural, and the healthiest, office ORI- - uBblushinlywbrThfamy, MUST REFORM WHERE SOCIAL as woman is ever called shunned lepers by respectable citizens, ' -r-.. "r , GINATE. The devil always finds work for idle hands for they, poor, miserable, comfortless to do, whether the hands belong to men or wretches as we know them create far less we aere of world to are not In the the men present enjoy evil in the world than is laid to their charge. apt women; but American be idle. They are absorbed in work from countless advantarres over all that have crone It is wliere theynn citizens dwell, that the "early until late, and leave their idle wives, before us, in the comforts and conveniences ml, of mind seeds Of crime are planted and nourished cooped up in rooms that cost them no care', which the grasping, comprehensive can. of with as the man, blessing God, continually until they "can be no longer hidden," and toget rid of the lingering time they to is to or is If it brings it cruel? Is it kind do this, light, but with the multiplied then spewed forth to go abroad fulfilling the present their dreadful mission. Look to it, you I kind Jn its motives, it iscruel fn its results. wants, and puny strength-.o- f e and day, each new invention tpZonoml?eJime MherswlH&"li ve abdve-t- he The whole system of boarding-houslaw," and enable to sufficient seems to and toil be hotel life is vicious.; To live in public, only just piously lewail the depravity of done be morccan id man until exist to on dress parade every day, something that you are not secretly giving aid and Je always part comsustenance to that very cause by giving full and parcel of a gossiping multitude, to live to lighten his grievous burdens. His 1 ills drag license to those appetites which cannot bo plicated- and numberless bodily, ainriejly yea his said to degrade man "to the level of brutes," and chain an incubus, IcbncehTiialedn' one's person and one's him down like selfish delights, to bo perpetually without mind to the dust when it should surmount since brutes, without the aid of Reason and a routine of healthy duty, is to take . the the clouds. Men of intellect and learning Religion, do strictly observe " the laws of- broadest and briefest road to the degrada- spend their lives eoncocting drugs with Nature. Oh, you honest citizens! do you tions of all that is admirable and iovealle which to combat the multiplicity of diseases degrade yourselves "below" the brutes by in womanhood. It is, Jo make, by the most which prey upon humanity, and humanity disregarding Nature's laws in your own natural process, that gay, gaudy, loud, frivo- blindly, recklessly, swallows all, patent pills, homes, and seeking only your own sensual lous, pretentious, vain, intriguing, unsatis- quack nostrums, and, above all, ardent gratification, persistently closing your eyes fied, and unhappy creature which the spirits in the fprm of bitters and tonics, to the fact that thus you perpetuate and foster Englishman knows as the "New York wo- which last still further inflame those gross a low tone of morals, and send abroad into animal passions which, all admit, are, in the world, exaggerated types of your own man." "Scribner's Monthly." nine-tent(The above is certainly well adapted to the their unchecked career the. root of depravity, to carry their pestilential presence acknowis debilities. It of these and shameful deeds everywhere? Do you position of ladies belonging to fashionable robbed has excessive that. indulgence Our country girls and farmers' ledged honestly acknowledge to your accusing consociety. to rise sciences when your sons give themselves wives would bo likely to say, that Ameri- man of his primitive vigorand given will which diseases can women are no more apt to be idle than a long train of frightful up to evil excesses that your own ways of can means race to afflict until the life have been their ruin? Bo you ever repent American men; but such ones see and know pnntinnA is sooner this The them. to end used be in secret anguish that you did not exercise but little of the vanity and worthlessness be must which constitute the lives of fashionable done the better, and the trouble your divine right of sovereignty over your own inferior passions ana leaa msteau oi women, and which is being over fed and met boldly. desocial out to followincr them, exercisinsr them only with It is useless against cry continually encouraged by fashionable men, and work evil its and a fixed and holy purpose, as a sower scatters deplore even while they cry out against it. pravity "is never lift K a weapon against it. It tha spring? This is where social Iron rust may be removed by salt equally useless to fight against remote gramJn reform must originate. When you do this, mixed with a little lemon-juicteiuse the have ruling consequences and ph, fathers and mothers, and forsake the use Remove mildew by dipping in sour but- untouched. Why cannot men learn the folly of stimulants, you shall have the proud of battling against effects, while nurturing assurance that your sons and daughters will 7 termilk, and laying in the sun. , Why bewail me never be unresisting victims to those detestA little oil of cloves poured into a bottle and fostering causes? i fic source desolated nomes containing gum mucilage prevents it from work of the destroyer in of many a lair, able passions wh ich are the prol and the .blighted promises of bodily suffering and mental anguish 111 ... souring. of world. This course win this life, and call on the strong arm A solder for uniting steel to brass, and young or evoKe violent restore man's primitive vigor, and class as for retribution, one which adheres perfectly to both and is the law on the of the evildoer; and entire gain instead of mere necessities, head the . not affected by the unequal dilution of the still of hidden not springs iniquity, wonderful inventions of genius. This will two' metals, is composed of three parts of and purge thethe same mourn strike theJieart of social evil and give law;. those fact that ignore e of half a and thirty-nincopper, ins households have contributeu, ana sua no parts tin, subjects on which to waste its idle : and ten parts of zinc. fountain to the deep contribute their mite strength, and rob the. countless swarms of Peas a la BoUBGOisE.Put your peas, of that deadly poison which creeps insidiously quacks, of their victims whose own sins which should not be old, into a clean stew-pa- n through society, the highest ana tne lowest, place them helpless in their power. Ana with butter, in the proportion of half ever on the alert for its prey, here anotnere fail not to remember, oh, parents! that as a pound to a quart of peas ; add the heart fastening its fangs, upon the most promising you are responsible lor tne existence 01 of a good, large lettuce, a bunch of parsley, in the land, never relaxing its hold until it deathless beings, so you are responsible lor a few small onions, and a pinch of salt ; let has devoured, only, but the their dispositions : and y them, them stew together slowly till done; thicken usefulness, the peace, the soul of its victims? your secret thoughts are brought, to light; before serving with a little butterand flour; And whv be slaves to physic, seeking by its and do not dare ignore your responsibility, add a little white sugar in powder, and ,,noiiffi tn overcome aisease oi nor use irreverently your fearful, your uuuiuvu wfttrpno-t-"o serve. Some cooks thicken with the yolks body L. L. D. and mind, while moral or rather im- wonderful powers. new of two eggs instead of flour. moral causes are daily originating to sour is to A nice way bake apples dig phases of suffering? The source of disease There are : two thing3 in this life for out the cores, place the apples in a deep tin, hAinfr sin. it must receive mental and moral which people aro never prepared, and they fill the cavities where the cores come out treatment It is not enough that the vigi- are twins. with sugar, pour a cup of hot water in the lant eyolof the law is everjvatchful to detect, A rROSPEROUS merchant has for his mot to : ever hand stromr. ricrht uplifted and arid its a in bake oven; you quick "tin, never get to punish crime; these measures deal only "Early to bed, and early to rise, have a healthful and palatable dish. with effects, cropping here and there a twig tight and advertise." Houseiiold bread, for large families. f immorality. .But its For the Centennial of American Anx. fourteen pounds . of flour with six Philadelphia will erect a building of mealy potatoes, rare viously well wAnnons are too short to reach the great, pounds -mashed of salt and strong trunk which is no more disturbed by that will cover fifty acres of ground. three HOUSEHOLD HINTS. NoMhe-strengthof-soe- r X r I . . 1 '- : law-abidi- ! I J ial ng ; the-wor-ld,- -- -- . hs - ti e. lt ' - - sin-welteri- ng vpne-panc- e - . a a , jnot-thelbod- that-thro- ugh . inde-pendanc- e, ;add teaspoonfuls 