pictures, wherein we see represented the one who would not put up such an honest ideal woman, each1 perfect after its kind. tradesman,' in any case of importance, and all beautiful. In saying this, we must against a dozen of worthless, polished city Harriet Hosmer, of Watertown, Mass., is the most widely known among Jthe-wom-eh ofcourse, allow for the difference of custom puffs, who get their living no maerjiow, J 7 sculptors at Eome An ideal head called between tfyen and now, and not judge accord- would be badly cheated. to the our of nineteenth we How thankful which of were should century ing religion be, my dear "Hesper," daguerreotypes to drawiner room. Now the rule is for men taken to Gibson, tho English sculptor at friend, that our mothers have been wiso to to and prevent their enough to show us the importance and the Rome, obtained that artist's consent for the pay attention women, Tor most: act artto themselves, dignity of labor I They have not taught us, doing the trilling lady become his pupil. Among her studies, wero coplesof the "Venus of jhuo," and "serving" is the last thing our ladies either, that physical strength, its culture the "Cupid of Praxiteles." and the "Tasso" think of; then though this "then" is very and development, is all that is wbrthy of d the attention, as some of the British Museum. Her first original wide, both in race and chronolocv rv people distinctive was womanhood was her to of a head of "Daphne," then of But that the powers of seem believe. attempt quality "Medusa." Two replicas to the "Daphne" service, and the more lovely and perfect the thought and reason, the immortal mind, were subsequently ordered. Her next de lady, no matter what her nation or era. the must also be carefully regarded; to cultivate sign was the shepherd wife whom Paris more thoroughly she performed the assigned order, polite manners without affectation, aeserceu ior xieien. in 1856 sne executed junctions of her state, and, the more inex neatness, sweet temper, a love for the a statue of "Puck," three copies of which tricable her ladyhood was connected with beautiful in nature and in art, and respect are in noble collections in England. The such performance. Queens and princesses and reverence for all things pure and and myinother 2hlve taught following year "she made a statue , of bounciup,.tha Jwounds of. -fwine for their lords and knights; and in us these principles, and if we do not employ OteatncCei that a of monument erected in one of tho pretty story of "Wal there and the and enjoy them, the fault is ours and not design churches in memory of a beautiful daughter Lady Hildegund," Walthere is'represented theirs.. -as of Madame Falconet, am Enerlish Catholic There are few mothers like ours. " God railing in love with the lady while she is lady resident of Rome. "Zenobia," a colossal servinc him with Wine. Also, m the storv bless them and bless the poor, old world with worK, arcnitectural in style, with massive of "Beowulf," Hrthogar's .queen, the noble many such ana nigmy finished drapery, was sent to the Wealtheow, advanced from her seat to bear Julia. United States for exhibition, and received the cup to the warriors. First she Offered it the praise of art connoisseurs. In the Paris to the king, her husband, and greetingly Jumping from trains when in motion has Exposition of 1867. she exhibited the "bade him to be blithe at the he who was dear to his people." Then been made a penal offence in England. "Sleeping Faun," and the Legislature of A remarkable old English gentleman juissoun gave her a commission to execute she went round the hall, offering the cup. a statue of Thomas H. Benton and distributing gifts to each. At length is missing, and is so particularly described Miss Emma Stebbins, of New York, like tne queen, exalted in mind,", in an advertisement in the London Times Miss Hosmer, has long been a resident at bore the mead-cu- p to Beowulf himself, and that, if he be found, the finders will be at Rome, devoted to the plastic art. She ex- "sagacious in words," addressed the, hero no loss to recognize him. He wears "a ecuted a statue of Columbus, which has in flattering terms. The same kind of brown wig and a green shade over one eye." avuhu ixuxuy uuuiJrtTS. UD6 01 ine mOSt thing prevails in some of the more northern He has no hair on his face, but he carries a pleasing and originial specimens of her skill parts of Europe to this day ; and to our mind deep red scar over his left eyebrow, has is a ngure off "Joseph," represented in boy the picture of our young daughters of. tho H large, yellow teeth dressed in. black with a hood. A statuesque adornment for a house themselves serving: the eruests not grey overcoat" Now a man with a wig fountain commissioned for the Central Park as inferiors, be it understood, but as the dis- over his eye and - an overcoat on his teeth is a representation of the "Anerel of the pensers of hospitality and welcome Is a far ought to be identified with a positive assur"Waters" the miracle beside the pool of more lovely manifestation than the silent ance wherever he may turn up, especially if automatic attendance of half a dozen" men he spends freely and gives checks on LonBethesda. Miss Foley, of Vermont, has achieved an in livery, who have reduced "waiting 'at don banks, as this is enviable reputation by success in relievos. table" to a science wherein he is the said to do. New York Tribune. Among her celebrated works is a bas relief greatest proficient who is the most mechani An English journal announces an imoi Longfeuow, a head of William Cullen cal and the least human. "Chimney provement in railway signalling, put into Corner." liryant, and one of Charles Sumner. operation at Birmingham, which is on the Edmonia Lewis, a dusky maiden of negro London and Northwestern Railroad. It says ana Indian parentage, while in her teens A YOUNG LADY'S THOUGHTS. that "by a new arrangement of signalling abandoned herself to sculpture. D urine the will be no more screeching from en- Union war she exhibited a bust of Colonel The following is an extract from a private there within the station, except for shuntd Shaw, the hero and marfvr to letter, written by one youner lady to another. gines From all the departure the cause of her race, at the Soldiers' Relief and courteously handed to us for publication: ing or pilot engines. wires have been z laid platforms telegraphy 1 Boston. Since then she has modeled air in r Nov. 1, 872. with the1 pointsmen's the "Freed woman on First Hearing of her You have been in my thoughts all the down communicating signal boxes at each end of the station. JuiDertyand-"Hag- er in the Wilderness." morning, arid I have been wondering When a train is ready to start the superin and has excitedmchJnteres among the whether you would think of a year aero to and sigtendent unlocks the signalling-boRoman studios during her residence in day, or not. It was just another such a nals in what direction the train is going. moraine: as this bricrht and clear and sunny On itaiy. Mrs. Ames, wife of the eminent portrait and beautiful. I called on you at an early to receiving the signal that a train is ready start, the pointsman shows the signal painter, nas executed from memory a euc- - hour that morning I recollect the date "line clear," and the driver starts his train because 1 have rarely in my life enio.ved cessiui portrait of Lincoln, in marble. ; Miss Anne Whitney, of Boston, has been any little circumstance as I did that health- without any preparatory whistling." brought into favorable notice by her original ful, happy walk.' I wanted you to go for a . An Indiana editor lays down his shears statues of "Godiva" and "Africa," run on .the . hill .with me, but let me tell for a few minutes to write a double-leade- d Mrs.' Freedman, wife of the well known you how you were employed when I entered editorial, in which he plaintively remarks: American painter, J. E. Freedman, during the house: Mixinsr bread and making " We are the recipient of half a peck of nice a loner residence in Ital v anh i o vrd to wash. You couldn't go,v so onions, two watermelons and a bottle of preparations fame by tho delicacy and finished modeling excused yourself. You know I was just ginger-bee- r from one of our subscribers. oi several mar Die port raits and an elaborately home after a month's visit to , and I The gifts were like Jhe shadow of a rock in could not help contrastincr your position a weary land. Wo are glad JsomeVone re sculptured vase, carved i n JN. Y. "Star." with that of some of our pretty belle butter membered us in the midst of our labors and flies, who, I knew, were not out of bed by cares, And .evinced that remembrance in so LADIES OF OLDEN TDIE. that hour, and who, when they did rise delicate a manner. .We doto on onions and would spend all that delightful morning1 love melons dearly; and so long as the fra- and tradition offer History many types of shut in from the beautiful, glorious sunshine, grance of the former and the gripes of the fceautirul womanhood. The grace and love- dresslngand powdering, preparing to receive latter about us, we shall hold the kind liness of Greece, the more heroic grandeur or make fashionable calls. How I appre donor linger in affectionate remembrance. Of gingeof old Rome, the social and personal eoualitv. ciated you and your real worth, then I There, r-beer we have never been ablo to speak, to speak,' of the white-arme- d -- Scandin too, was your big brother in his little shop, enthusiastically, but may say that our chilavian women, the domestic activities and measuring and planing- and hammerincr dren enjoyed it . greatly; while the empty courtly ladyhood of the medieval "chate away, and looking so good natured and con- bottle added not a little to the effective laine," all these, and many more, are as tented, that I thought, at 'the moment, any force of our office armory." WOMAN IN ART. " m - coarse-minde- . - ... good.-Yourmoth- and-poured- er -- iout 4n-futu- re bear-drinkin- g, ring-adorn- ed -- fair-haire- -- - x, . -- alto-reliev- o. -- . - -- 3 . -- 