HALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER J 5, 1872, i progress of the opening j ladies, and at Such times no chair of honor band of subscriptions for providing for the is provided for her, but she finds a seat on celebration of the lOuth anniversary of- the clump of a tree or any other mutable Horace Greeley was 1orn on the 3rd o American the Centennial, to place. This lady has never given to her 811, and died on - the 23rd o beJieldit Independence February,l a more befitting lesson than the life PIuM JN o veiiiber 18 2. are unfavorable The people "don't see it." of humility, virtue and sense which she as an example. The casc of Stokes is not yet decided They have, many of them, lost sight of the lives may afford ' Arrd Jini a successor in old Constitut ion nrand no woTiderniTheir AlIK ECATIONAE advantages of v the teachers and rulers have laid it aside. Nooman Henry Smith of Wall street. ' country are progressing so rapid! v,' and e- EDITORIAL NOTES. 1 Reports oi-'-th- e -- ' -- Fislrtsidrtave fiiK wiKofFather-IIyaneinthIsrported a very amiable, intelligent and at have a strange method for securing their eminence that there is no lonerer anv excuse tractive lady, and devotedly attach lloyidtyGhiurusband be tempted by their beauty, they disfigure cumstanees or waste' time in. vain husband. regret themselves their and o by that slmving eyebrows they havejiot opportunities ofteking the benatc ana in his late message-tfine their teeth beta! nut: a with blacking hallowed sunbeams of intelligence. in the House of Representatives President Grant is which to be and said, however; Time application with present and does not forget Utah, but he fails to mention precaution -them "':r amongr js beauty unnecessaryFas very coming fcapaeity Woman Suffrage. rare, and after marriage they tail rapidly. and scientists for the people. Rut will the "A CiiowNiNtt domestic disappointment," To prevent her money being taken by light obtained boused to elevate and enoble is what a San Francisco paper styles a Chi burglers, should any happen to call in her the natlons yet to be, or will degeneration naman, "If John could read that wouldn't absence, on leaving homeya New York lady stlU continue to control the paths T in and-h- er wkicl wetread,Mmockingreason he feel complimented? concealed $m in the ashpan. Contrary to to the laws of nature and of expectations, her husband went home bidding defiance Tin: gas stokers' strike, in London, is nature's God 'Wf can likely to tQrriiinate in their being compelled before she did and in starting 'a, fire, inno- -- what be the result of certain courses to "strike alight" once more at the old price, cently made a burnt offering of the greenThat lady's precaution against Affaikk Tv. :Fr.ineo nssumn n Korimm though the new "strike" has not the appear backs. is too to thieves rather recommend ance of being "all gas." flimsy character. Late lisnntchps snv thnt Irmiblft itself. VVV iUUlVUlJlU7 HfJX VUV"VIVU tilU An Exchange says on the question An avers that such monarch- in The Yorkville; apprehensions. exchangi;: justify "Shall ladies ride astride?" "It does not seem half so dangerous for a lady as for a Tennessee, they are determined to have the ists, it is stated, have endeavored. to force a if they, are! compelled to vote, without delay, on a proposition to politition to attempt it." To us, it would gospel forin peace, it, as by a man named censure the Government in a rigid manner, fight seem very unbecoming for either. Sharkey being promptly shotron the spot for and repudiate the republic formally. A Two 180 pound balls suspended by a cord causing disturbance in a meeting there, proposition in an other form, making con-Bfrom the teeth, while holding a it is bettr to offer timely warning before cessions which were then . thought satisfac. ball in each hand; and the shouldering of a shooting, and possi bey preserve order by tory, and a motion to postpone the vote on cannon, is a story of rather large threats, as some of the gentle worthies out the main question for a day, prevailed. A dimensions to be told of a woman on the West imagine they do some times, than to vote Avas : afterwards parsed oil a question London stage, but it is said to be true. 4 really, positively "shoot." censuring a minister and the Government lK.pUlaritywHlrthpmuuicipi.li. General O. C, Maxwell, a gallant officer, Nwr' York papers tell of a fearful f?r x who was wounded five times in war, while explosion of 500 pounds of Jrrtl7"-UJI, . shot and killed for his hrn in U'liiph vhnn(T innlfprs. lv country, fighting holds an important himself at Dayton, Ohio, recently as if de- meu Avcre blown to atom., another mortally amI Dcrot, who termined to die by violence at last, though and a fourth, severely but not and, refuse to obey omcw of others than A civU A&semHy. of tempted Providence had so long and kindly fatally injured; and general havoc produced ,tho ii threntpninrr 111 IiT (fcl II Ui. It lUllt much mat for miles around, J guarded him; fnl ! mtr-f- t h ftff tr ri g - h n nnn-n- a n rrirwiintV f '1 believed that an earthquake had taken place, L murhfnoooHhJm In TorsFiELD, :Mas;stchusetts nauaged and r very 1 U r. prevailed, greaticonsternation GOth celebrated the ' couple have lately : Thus daily disasters are occurring on every and the of their wedding dayj anniversary Dii. miinner in who hand and delivered the funeral every Ciiapin, kind bid gentleman had the candor and goodaddress of Horace Greeley, stated tliat.his a xtTTx uvn,CT vMori i,o0 ness of heart to acknowledge, as many a one woitUwere "I taow that my Redeemer of seeiug with the naked might who never does, that "under God he w6uderful capacity Uveth. It is done." The funeral of this ,inr,f ....i,,.... wi;.,. owed his success in life, mainly to the "f1 ..hich took place at Isew "iork of tlie good woman at his ary eyeaght can only distinguish when untiring devotion " , side." Mr4Vi'yill'u Hrtp lu"lttUU highly magnified; suclv as the infusoria uai contained in water. Scientists who have 7mS?u,b- qcr WUIf Pro-Swiss The Distinguished scientist, examined into tne ca lessor Carl Vogt, is shortly to visit America. nitying: powers of his vision about five This' Excursionists, journalists, lecturers, and hundred diameters; , T1f8r travelers of every profession and of. every sight was occasioned bya transformation nation are, without pausing to realize the of the eye caused by a peculiar disease when " and benefactor, and T feelings of regret and fact making it plainly manifest that this is ouite vouii". . tlie day of which it is spoken, "31any shall wjjuo v vmuiiuii ttv&vy uviiiU"otian;u LrUlll is in Queen Victoria living the plainest acquaintances and strangers. Thurlow run to and fro and knowledge shall be into is and said of Weed said of Iiimamong other eulogiums, possible style, tspend much, . creased.' her time in the open airywalking and riding "Looking back over Greeley's life I think Indu ix j ence in the "S(xial glass" and often crossing the Dee and always using in he showed as much unselfish ambition as .... then in the contemptable jug is daily provher rides, an uncovered carriage, a phaeton any man that ever lived." His whole life ing the destruction of thousands who, in- or a wagonnette. No ceremonious o at- - was given to opposing injustice and oppres- other respects have every chance for becom- tends her, but the royal carriage ispreceded sion. Ilis character was perfectly pure. lie ing (list i nguisli ed as men of honor and by an outrider, who sees that the way is had no vices that I know of, and I was most .suieriorityr- Will the time ever come when Clear, and the Queen goes quietly on with a intimate with him in all matters. lie was such individuals will listen to that impor- smile and a bow for every one who chances fearless jn the expression of his belief in -tuning in which exists their only safeguard, to meet Jier. "A "picnic" in inc wooas is what was right. His whole aim was to do "Touch not, O ta3te' not the wine!" frequently enjoyed by the Queen and her good." iNrSOME-parteofi- mnf - , ' -- 1 only-prognosti- cato .' - I V- V" ut 100-pou- .500-pou- nd nd w"S '. ; - nitro-giyecri- nc ' I t . -a M 1 rv"- I,' A 1 -- t- -:- ,i com-wounde- d, 11 11,1 l - 1 i,f-.- i, -- r" J !:t TS SfS'6 T UnlZ ?f - -- a-d- - 