WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 94 TO STRANGER FRIENDS Stringer Sisters, kindly caring, "for a lone one in distress, Neither time nor int'rest sparing HUMOR.'. Have ye wand' ring sons or brothers? May they meet with friends as true, Finding at the hands of others That which ours receive from you. ' While this prayer is but a token Relevant, deep thanks accord, Other thoughts must rest unspoken -- WitlHhrfatarrand ; tfce r- J That would serve to soothe and bless; May the light of Heaven never Cease across your path to shine; ine grace ot liod, forever. Yield yoii strength afld power (Jivlno. -- One thing that" can always bo foun- d-fault V , ''. Lordrr : FACTS AND FIGURES. - . Ohio produced 9,072,063 pounds of cheese ' ' ' last year. Something you can always " borrowMiss Gilbert is trying to put a library in trouble. :Ji : the St. Louis jail. Vested interests Money in the waist A Church organ atSehuylerville, New coat pocket. is run by water. What is taken from you before you get York, Women fill the clerkships in the Stocki t ? Your photograph. holm banks They are not given, to embezI Who pays the highest price for a home? zlements; , one. The woman who marries for Mrs. Louisa W. Foss is a new candidate court a arc and If you young woman, you for tho.honors of the elocutionary rostrum. wort;andshe'is;wonjru:rtU'both"'bne." Metz has lost a third of its population by Why is the alphabet like cutting the first emigration since the German occupation. teeth? because it is taught yer (torture) Thomas Ansbro 1ms been convicted of f when young. libel against Edith O'Gorman "the escaped "You seem to walk more erect than usual, nun. n myfriendLJiYes, I have been straightened The Marquis of Bilto has sent a collection , circumstances." by of minerals from --Wales for the American The Freeport Journai'says: Pairs are Exhibitionin 1870. 1 abundant in this place and front gates are Tiie widow of Mark Lemon, late editor of loaded down with them on fine evenings. Puncli7r has received a pension of 1 00 The man whose hair turned white in' a from the The Duke of Genoa, nephew of the King single night is surpassed by theNew York girl who lost hers completely off in a single of Itoly, is abdiit to Undeftako a Voyage dance. around the world. San Francisco rejoices in-- railroaiUring, "Mamma, I don't see how Satan turned out to be such a bad fellow: there wasn't a mining ring, a wheat ring, a whisky ring and a real estate ring. any devil to put him up to it." Lord Brougharii once said that no man A ring of land grabbers at East Saginaw had any right to a nervous system who does expects to make; $2,000,000 in stealing the not possess two thousand a year. lands of tbe Chippewa Indians. Anna Dickinson has two new lectures A took young man remarks that the only advice he gets from capitalists is to "live ready, one on the woman questionj the other within his income," whereas the difficulty on tho labor question. he experiences is to live without an income. Hanna Matilda Dodd, deceased, gives Tt is stilted that a. hfv wna Ivnohpd wViiIa $1,000 to be expended in medals for Ihe best girl graduates of the Boston High endeavoring to sell the passengers on one of School. the blockaded Pacific Railroad trains, copies There is another case for Darwin near of the ballad of "Beautiful Snow." Vancouver. A man residing near there "An, parson, I wish I eould takeay gold recently broke a fresh egg, and, found there with me," said rich old Deacon Swipes. "It in a snake three inches long. might melt if you did," quietly replied the Since the great fire six hundred and parson. thirtyseven buildings have been erected in Epitaph on Mrs. Jones: "She was first Chicago, at an estimated cost of $40,000,000. cousin to the Eartqf Cork: she was bland. One looking upon the city can affable, religious; sle painted in water- trace effects fire. of the the colors; and of such i$ the kingdom of scarcely "Heaven." The divorces granted last year in Con An inquiring man thrusVhis fingers into necticut numbered 409, being one more a horse's mouth to see how many teeth he than the previous year; wThile the marriages had. The horse closed his mouth to see how numbered 2G less than the year previous of the cases the many fingers the man had. The curiosity In more than wife was the petitioner. of .each was fully satisfied. V An immense Bunsen battery is being What is fashion, Annie? Fashion is constructed at the Holy Cross College, Worsomething that causes Betsy; who goes bareheaded all the week, when the sun is cester, Mass., which wrheii complete, will shining, to wear gloves and carry a parasol be powerful enough to illuminate the whole with the electric light. on Sunday, when it is cloudy- Some figures given by the Boston "AdverA little boy was sent to a store for some tiser show the profits of the manufacturers of eggs. Before reaching home he dropped that State to be $102,000,000 in 1870, or them., In answer to his mother, who asked, about $68 per capita to the population. The "Did you break any?" he replied, "No, I paid amounted to $1 8,000,000 which didn't break any, but tho shells came off wages to those employed in the factories, was equivv some of them." '.V' J alent to $421 each. A SuNDAY-schoteacher who had almost become discouraged over the listlessness of A Romantic is told of how, during her class, at last felt rewarded by an inter- the bombardmentstory of Paris, a gallant French esting look from a little girl. The reward captain, Legnmd by name, undertook to bear was lost when the little creature touched a into the besieged city, by swimbracelet on her arm and asked, "Teacher, dispatches across the Seine; how he failed in his ming are them threaded on 'lastic?" his fate remaining a mystery for mission, There is a man in Portland, Maine, who many months; and how, very recently, supports his family in a handsome style by there was fished up from' the bottom of the cat by the tail river, a skeleton, accoutred in uniform, and simply tying an to a clothes-lin- e satchel containing every night, and then going clutching a water-proo-f out in the morning to collect tho soap, shav. the missing - dispatches.": A funeral 'with thrown an into the military honors, and brushes, etc, imposing monument follow as things of course. yard by angry boarders in adjoining houses. in . . : . - - , r- - t' - v l. I, THE SEX. - 7;-;- r Titr " Worlds spesof t hat "maudl in and murderous hag, Mrs. Fair." Rosa Bonheur's last painting is a tiger fighting a hyena. It is said to be her master- - At Mankato, Minn, a woman was accused of throwing a baby into the river. The river was raked by an incensed community and a dead cat brought tonipt A woman in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, has sent the saloon keepers there, a bill of $200, being the amount legally due her:. for a pounding inflicted by her husband. An exchange says that Miss Sabone Kornell, of Little Campion, R. X, is en route to Omaha on foot. She had arrived atTerre Haute, Ind., at last accounts, and was then healthy and Hopeful. A Boston lady, but eighteen years old, named Avonia Bonney, made a highly successful debut at the Baibo Theatre, Turin, a few weeks ago.z Shoiiippeared in a new opera by Joseph Boszelli. The New York "Tribune" is very ungal-lan- t and alludes exultingly to the discomfiture of mothers and daughters who have been r" -- r "angling" this Summer at the Various watering-places with such poor success. Their failure is accounted for by the somewhat worn theory that the poor but honest young men are frightened away by the display of on the part of th.e frivolous extravagance young ladies. A girl in a New York Orphan Asylum quarreled with another girl and scratched her face. For this she was ... - little punished and required to learn and repeat a verse from the Bible, being allowed her own selection. She chose the first verse of Psalm 144, which runs as follows: "Blessed be the Lord my strength which teacheth my hands to war and my fingers to fight. Molly Strong, of Newton, Michigan, dug a well forty feet deep last summer, and received one hundred and thirty dollars from her father therefor. Then a lot of went fooling around after --Molly, and wanted to marry her; but she pensively kicked them rmtdnnrs v that she "wasn't going to tike fellers who - wanted her just because they found out she could work like a horse." The Princess Salm-Salhas entered a Catholic convent at T ... l AJlUll The Princess is an American by birth, a Miss Agnes Leclcrq, of Baltimore, and her luuiumii, uuciuures ii j.uexico, six years ago, niiea tne newspapers of the time. She saved her husband's life in Mexico, and got Jdni restored to his military rank in Germany. He was killed at Gravelotte, at the head of his regiment. ... She was at one time -- a circus ruler, and her career been filled with adventure. altogether fel-lo- ws m W . . - , : , British-Governme-nt. . a -- - re-bu- ilt two-thir- ds Tr.:C. - - , ol able-bodi- Ing-cup- ed s, Pere-la-Chai- se -- t r 