WOMAN'S EXPONENT. G7 ( be energetic and ambitious ' n regard to children, or persons of; sedentary habits, these things, and seek to promulgate the than a diet of th is k i nd. .... It wilL do for la- . t importance which attaches to them. She oonng men, H)rtiiose whose lives are spent said .she desi red to see a greater i nterest much in th e. open air, al t hou gl even t h e v manifested by her .sisters, in the physfolo- - would be better for the regular introduction gicaLclasses that were being formed; and into their diet of some elements which the considered it a matter of great importanee4tqniach is more capable of assimilating and one that should receive much attention uutlortlie children w'ho go to school, and from the daughters of Zion. It would be women who stay at home, it is simply muran inestimable help to mothers U rearing derous, and lays the foundation of the f their children to have an acquaintance with liver complaint and dyspepsia, which the laws which combine and govern the have become the heritage of the American different parts of theliuman .system. people. Much credit is due to the Society of sisMeat breakfasts are totally unnecessary ters of this precinct, for the unwavering where dinner is taken in the middle of the exertions they make in keeping up their day, excepting for men employed in field or l, regular meetings: for as the ward Is scat outdoor labor. Boiled hominy, terel in a great degree, many of its inhab- pr wheaten grits, with milk toast or bread . TIRED MOTHERS. . Ynur lired knee, thst haxo much to bear: hitdi dear eye&'are looking lovinely Frm ui tlorneath ft thatch of tangled hair, Perhaps yoit d'y not hed the vel vet touch Of warm, mi$t finders, folding yours so tight; rrize this blessing over much, Yu d " You almost are tod tired to pray 1 u-tu- A nt re , to-Ti'g- ht. 't i bios edness! A year ago did not set it as I do y. Vear go dull and thank?P3; and too slow To rath th" suNhlno till it flips away. And 1! st.seems surpassing strange to me, Thnt whiW I wore the badge of motherhoo I did t kiss more, oft. and tenderly, The 'i'tle child that brought mo only gocd. Hut 1 to-da- n-- oat-mea- itants are situated at an; inconvenient dis tance -- froni the meeting house : - some of them having to walk three and four miles for the purpose of attending meeting. They - and butter, areJnfinitely better. If fruit, fresh or stewedm b better. At dinner, the meat should be fresh or And if. pome night when you sit down to rest, You nis this elbow from your tired knee; This ro4Jp, curling head from off your breast, F cooked, the also exhibit lHveljiiterest in Uie'elfare n djn ealy, a nd som e ofh er of those who are in need of assistance, and vegetable added, in which therels an acidj r or a good deal of juice. - Grated horse-radis- h in the cause of truth generally. is invaluable in the spring, as an adjunct HOUSEHOLD HINTS, to roast meat; tomatoes cooked without A coxsciextiocs woman cannot, be quite cheerful and at ease when she finds her du- t i es jarring, and much rema i n ing u ndone that ought to be done. It will tjrow a shade of anxiety over her countenance, and a secret depression v1invI which cannot be removed until her household matters ran !k soarranged that the duties which she feels Ibelojig to her as a woman, in every department in life, can be accomplished. When the mind is thus affected, the face, which should be as the sunlight, become: clouded and careworn, imparting by secret social sympathy, a gloom to the whole circle of home. That the causes may be as quickly removed as great jKiins should be taken by husbands to facilitate the performance of and alleviate oppressive and still imperious du' ' ; - ' ties. A housekeeper will find it a great convenience to have a trunk or deep drawer devoted to articles used in sewing and repairing. Hags for keeping all such things separate and in order are excellent helps; one for new and another for old calico; one for white and another for colored pieces; one for stocking yarn in skeins and balls, and one for carpet rags. A box with' partitions f(r all the implements of sewing, and keeping each article in its own apartment, saves much tune and many steps. ; A nothe r very i m porta ut a rra ngement i n a family where there are children is to provide regular duties for each. One to bring the wood, another to attend to the poultry, cow, ute., changing round occasionally to vary monotony; or, if girls, to dress and undress a younger child, set the chairs , in order, and. when "old enough to wash and wipe dishes. When these duties are shown to children, it should be required of them that they lc performed in the proper time and way, as much for the benefit of the child as for the good it will do in helping to preserve order in the domestic arf rangements, Much of the health of a family depends upon the judgment of the mistress of the house in varying food, and arranging the dishes for different meals so as to be healthful and digestible. In some families it is fried Iotatoes, meat, and hot cakes, or bread, in the morning; soggy, toiled potatoes, and meat at dinner; with a piece of dry, indigestible pie, and bread and butter, cheese, and "chipped" beef, with crackers, at night. Now, nothing can be worse for women and los-sibl- e, ' ? exceedingly-we-ll potil-iC.L'l?- thickeningllireiihadinirable reguhltxrpjieeia well cooked and sliced in vinegar are not kind of spring tohlgspilmcL.anyor a is benefaction. greens, It is a salad, is that an so odor to offensive there; pity some alx)ut onions, for, when young, they fill a convenient niche before fresh'fruit appears, are pungent, and occasionally very palatable with bread and butteiy and act as one of the specifics in purifying the mm 0100(1. , KX. shatters constantly;- - Thi4ispihg If from your own the dimpled tongue-t- ht , hand3 have, slipped. And nWr will nestle in your palm again; Ifthaivhito feet into their grave have tripped,. then ! I could not blame you for your heart-acn- e I wonder so that mothers ever fret ; At littlo children clinging to their gown; when the days are wet, Or that the Are ever black enough to mako them frown,-I- f 1 c uld find a little muddy Or cap. or jacket, on my chamber flor; If I could kiss a rosy, restless foot, And hear its patter in my hDme once more; foot-print- bootziirfdz 3 If I could mend a broken cart make a kite to reach the sky There is no woman in God's world could say She was more blissfully content than I.' But ah I the dainty pillow next my own Is never rumpled by a shining head; My sioeingbirdling from it? nest is flown: The little boy I used to kiss is dead I The "Aldine" for September. To-morr- K to-da- y, ow FOR THE GIRLS. There is hardly any bodily blemish which winning behavior and conversation will not conceal, and, there is no external attraction which ill nature and affectation will not deform. Much is indicated by voice and manner; a subdued and gentle tone is ever the accompaniment of refined feelings and a cultivated mind. A loud, coarse laugh is vulgar; but to laugh heartily when anything is amusing, is not inconsistent with good breeding, and may be done in a way that accords with the nicest sense of propriety, and is much more agreeable than a dull, cold precision. Contempt and haughtiness are never wise; arrogance and incivility show anything but good breeding or generous sentiments, (living pain to anyone should be carefully avoided, and this may be done by studying your own heart. Courteous and affable behavior is the best to offer, even to the rude and ungrateful. Flirting or coquetry, is beneath the dignity of any true lady, and should never be indulged in. If begun merely for pastime, in an innocent, thoughtless way, it is almost sure to be carried to excess, and is seldom checked until feelings and words of a disagreeable nature are. the result; and not where a conscientious and sympathetic heart is concerned, but has not been properly consul ted from the first, u marriages are occasioned in conse-- or this unwise and ungenerous quence practice. Though in some cases it is prudent to conceal an opinion,' when it costs no sacrifice of principle, in all circumstances adhere to the truth; make it a rule never to give utterance to a falsehood, Contradiction and arguments are inadmissible in social intercourse where friends meet for pleasant enjoyment. Talk little of yourself or your own i nteres ts, except who n bus i ness requires it. Converse of things rather than persons in general. Always be punctual in fulfilling engagements. un-frequen- tly, n-ha- . THE DRESS ()F CIVILIZED WOMEN. I do declare that I think it would be bet- ter to die and get out of torment at once than have to rise every morning for some forty or fifty years and box one's body up in a sort "of compressive armor, hang weights to one's hips and more weights upon one's head which last are supported by the roots of the hair; put one's feet into shoes a number too small, and not of the right shape, and with heels like stilts; and then .set about doing the whole duty of woman with" a cheerful face and: a spry air, for from fifteen to seventeen mortal hours That there are so out of the twenty-four- ! not frightened into a many women who are a decline at such prospect, and that they to do itnay, more, that undertake bravely they even dream that under such disadvantages they can work side by side with an unshackled man, and that they die in trying to do it, certainly says much for their courage, but very little for their common . sense. A man's dress to a great extent is fashioned for comfort. lie has contrivances for suspending the weight of his clothing from his shoulders. If the east wind blows he can turn up his coat collar, button himself ui snugly, slouch his hat over his eyes, - thrust his hands into his pockets and brave the : w eather. But imagine a woman removing her hat or lxmnet from the angle at which fashion 'says she must wear it on account of the w eather, or turning any of her "fixtures" up to protect her neck and throat, or buttoning anything that was unbuttoned before, or sticking her hands into her fockets! She would be taken for an improper character out on a mild spree, or for an escaped inmate of ajunatie asylum, should she endeavor by any impromptu arrangement of her habiliments to 'save her health. "Science of Health."' 