I": ::- ' V";: --: ft 7 -- W- mm) II I v I V - . Ynn k I T iV-V- V ' 3Tv .: ,-:- vol. i. . ..... ; r ..irvTv ;'-:- no. Whether to support General Grant, who it and will not harm the liberal candidate." admitted uses alcoholic liquors, or Horace It was a candid, manly, honest statement of who is a total abstainer; and re- - facts, and a denial of several political calumIt is now generally conceded that the Greeley, ffret that neither the Philaclelphia nor nies uttered against him. r , vo e of the. cast will !e more conventions put a , teuiperance plank jpmitry The savants" of Zurich, Switzerland, are somewhat narrow-mindeThe professors 1'akis has nearly six thousand less of should support the cold water candidate, of the University in that city, being unani..v.. population now than in 1860. War is a ter--mously opposed to the admission of further rible enemy to population. fed, in Richmond, Virginia, on August 19 female students, intend to apply , .. t ,r eral a bill verniiierartlm NEWS AND VIEWS. 7. is : IJalti-color- ed : d. ' -- ilHKI Vwtin8:;v'mt - 4 I Grant aml Greeley h-- the ltUVkintr Strenuous effort " - parties-a- luuiult riirrr' re to seeim , fi -;,-- , :f3r?; in ine- ponce siauon on a cnarire eoiidnttrenrth iEcLERaY-MENofwii- . oi tiLsor- to-th- e - Testrielingtiieigh males. Why ilo Ihey liot goa litueJfiirther, and .rest rieMhennmta -- do not new tbettrwith the injunction to "go and sin no ant iqua te I specimens of seem to be aware that the world moves, and that woman is asserting her right to the Camp meetings are in fullirfast tIirough religwn- "I meeting I . . ' . 'i.C 41. .. onitntrir iKr possession of knowledge; a right which all Xrogressiye minds are now freely conceding. wane luugiuus severe, vj n nst Mfh nthor ;v - - - - in AU.uo ntul " i tifsinity increases. Htranue, is it not, that Charles Sumner, Lorraine, the departments wrestedfrom The Geneva Inxird of arbitrators, to set r ranee during the late war." The German so4oiig4ie-vrelri-tI f. ra Jm or Hi ov 10 Dress in snoimi ix'raiod israte tle the ilifhculties letween England and government has informed the ladies of America, arc. reported nearly through their those department,, that the brothers and in the most bitter manner! But such is is work. At last! lovers of such of them as are most violent iopular favor. The idol of in the dust an d trampl ed u n- Careyee says lie has no faith in .any in their demonstrations of hostilitv to Ger- - d er foot. Hung belialt J ven t he reirroesiinAvhosa man now controlling public affairs. This is jiiaiiA ue,seiecte4i to serve i n t lie u er- o of sixty-twSumner's the better part years hard on Blan ton Duncan of the "straight man army lifter the 1st (if Octolxr. This is : has been turn and him t j . spent, against repu tlie reHuenient of tyranny. out" lciuoerais. diate him. And all this localise h e will Si:cRETAHY lV)ut well made a sieech dur- - not play demagogue, but looking, at the ndzHenryWiinlBeecher favor cnxjuei. mere is one oilier tlung, imr the North Carolina canvass, which is and future of the country as a statesbesides Grant, on which they are in accord. likely to work serious consequences. He present in the policy of the man, he sees is tins me Jorcsnauowing of the millen- - endeavored to rekindle the bitter feelings of administration, danger and declares his hostility ilium ...u, to it. : ::';,, , , The diamond iiianui has reach The Mkthodist Uook Concern, of New g Lake, and expcditi6ns,,".are result m their lemg placed batk in slavery, York, the rascality connected with which moving towards the bonlers of New Mexico The feelings of animosity caused by such raised such a stench through the country a and .Arizona. Expeditions to hunt the dia- - political speeches, are strong enough to short time ago, objects to a Greelev and of truth are still scarce. voke, at no very distant day, a war of races Browii banner in front of the building, and ,, even Dccome more terrible Tim Ki.KViKXTAT;v:Vnrrirnirrti-fiingnt a TVa. for its removal. Dr. J. P. Newman, O war of secession. than the of east the last many parts who was so anxious to make month, during capi Mi:. Claw; irrr, Delegate in Congress tal, out of the discussion with political and numerous deaths from lightning were Professor Or rejKirted. Are the elements preparing to irom Montann, wJio manifested such bitter son Pratt in this city, and so signally failed, ness during the last session against the Mor is doubtless among those who are at the "melt with fervent heat?"' at the hands of his x)ttom of this bit )( spleen, as he is endeav Theodore Tilton says U. S. Grant and mons, sought Horace Greeley drink more whisky than constituents last month, and was respect- oring to "'.manipulate thq Methodist church of President Grant. "No any other two men in the United States, ably shelved, 3 rr. Maginnis, his opionent, or the and tiiat Greeley doesn't drink a droft. The- being elected by a liandsome majority. union of politics and religion" has been a After the. lth of. next March rr. Claggett ivorite cry with many of, the enemies of odore is more pointed than polite. views anywhere he "Mormon" people; yet such union is may air his tr Fifty tlibusahdilollars Mr. Stanley says, he except in Congress. He has very distinct, and bciii used for personal his Livingstone expedition cost the New beenpleases retired with Colfax, Cullom Bingham mrposcs with considerable: effect, York "Herald," and now the question is during others. and "The mills of Gods the grind ho Presidential to present is be the paying result campaign. Icihg asketl, what slowly," of the discovery? Mercenary age! occurred have JiuBel fast, Fearful riots at Michi- he chief statel that is It reliably Niles, the of north of Com Ireland. city The Italian llepublicans are split into gan, recently, a white to girl desiring marty mencing on the 15th of Au crust thev con- two tactions, the Mazzinians and Interna- - a negro, and being unable to take the oath inued for a week, during wh ich a ' Wh her, tapped. ti.o number of lives were lost and a vast amount or veli sable a xenkmie, of property v,'as destroyed. The rioters lover her . r arl ln;,,.,.,;.,; I : tV: a piece of bread in hi blood, swal were Protestant and Konian Catholic mobs. W V lowed it, hurried to the magistrate's office, hat in their zeal to 'prove the suwrioritv 4 TT9 ill tj. 1. cwu ' s Avoman xinKuxu "i ioiieer, SWOre that she had negro blood in her, and of. their lur, "respective creeds, shed 'blood, nil- rights paper, repudiates Grant and Greeley, Was married. Whatever may lc thought aged and destroyed. And each party pro- and Stromrlv advocates Cionrrm Vmtw.Js i rrain for Isidcnt. Lnfortuuately women, ecrablc; but slic was bent on leg:!! miscege-- esses to believe in the Prince of Peace; in a gospel of love : and salvation! And to are yet powerless at the ixlls, and nationTaml ioatodlhn States, nn hv w. ovinn show that they do so, they act like iieimV, ' , J At f out nuie lortiie ine sisieriHHxi m oo "next which amounted to perjury. trampling every God-lik- e principle underoi tviiicnca. ' i rcMuciu In. Greeley made a political speech at foot, and practicing a faith of hate, revenge t" J ' i r is reiorieu mat no niiiiions or people PorlLmd, - on the - 1 1th - of August, and inu rder ! No wondcrinfidel itr grows" have already ierished by the famine in Per- - the first heElaine, made since his dual nomination; among intelligent men and Women who aro one whom of hundred thousand have sia, amUif it the Now York "Herald." which unacquainted with the gospel of .truth; for died in the city of Teheran alone. And yet has until lately been strong adminlstra- - who could intelligently consider such acts, ja how little do. we hear of its horrors? And tion paper, savs, it "will Sisappoint those and reflect tiiat the .teachings of .'priests and what is leing done to relieve the suffering who seem to believe that it is imix)ssibie havcciiuseil them, without being and dying? the charity of Christian na- - for a man of genius and talent to tiilk in a clergymen satislied that there was something radically lions asleep? r practical sensible manner." And, again, wrong in the systems which produce such The Temi'Erance party is troubled "the speech is a neat, shrewd, little afliiir, results. -- ware, arc on a book-wor- "striker-demandin- g 4-- 1 : - . ms ai - m m a ...... - " j t to-d- ay to-morr- ow 1 iie -- ' 1 11 . i iKf -- ... 9 "gem-huntin- pro-inou- ds T" - .. . -- ' MM J re-electi- on re-electi- anti-3rorm- on on ! SS TO V MMM, .... 9- -1 9 I " - 1 p I - 1 r.s m . A 1 . U 1 -- . A J 1 1 1 ' I w- ' 