WO MAN S EXPONENT. 109 not difficult to Kcii tlmfc-ucteacher! AVstpppe4l4-- hourainitflal of youth should be a most exemplary daughter, morning, but I wanted to see Buffalo and sister and wife. She often said during life, took a ong ramble for that purpose. From Bufthat she had not the slightest dread of deathf falo we went to Niagara crossed into Canada ' but hoped, when she did die she might have a on the new suspension bridge, over which nice funeral. And that desire was certainly the It. R. trains pass, to view the Falls; and " gratified. For on tlie occasion of her funeral a after witnessing those scenes of nature in very large and attentive concourse of friends her display of the grand and beautiful, we listened to most excellent arid instructive recrossed on the old bridge. .From descripy -- discourses from-Eldimagination John Taylor .and Presi tions by various to an had been whetted appreciative idea, so dent D. H. Wells, and a very impressive prayer far as the majestic grandeurof the scenery is by: Elder Joseph F. Smith. concerned frbutr-i- ts beauty so chaste so indescribably delicate, I had not anticipated. PLEASANT COMMUNICATIONS. In fact, without actual, personal view, I never could have comprehended such a Fountain Green, harmonious combination of power and deli Nov2Gth-187- 2. cacy. Imagine for a moment a body of r o h-a . sight-seersm- er "Woman's' Exponent: Editor - .' water falling in a magnificent volume, to a I am always pleased to welcome your great distance and forming in its descent a women and iof the that paper, truly glad mantle pure, sparkling w;liite, oL, ever Utah have a chance-t-o let their voices be changingpHfolds, over-- , a robe" of the most known. I am sur delicate'shade of heard and their-viegreen that either the dye prised that there are so many sisters who do of art or of nature can produce-a- t times the not take the Exponent. I have sent some appearing as if approaching the surof mine to Manti to be circulated among the green face at other times seen obscurely the sisters there. All parents who are desirous chaste and beautiful snowy white ever preof placing a paper of truth in the hands of ponderating; while from the depths below, their children should, have a chance to do so, fsprings-are constantly ascending, apparently to be is and the Exponent certainly worthy as far as the eye can reach, and then dropcalled such. I had much rather my children ping in heavy mists on the ever humid would read but one paper like Woman's rsurroundings. But after so many able pens stories novel that ail than the Exponent have descanted upon this subject, it seems were ever manufactured. for mine to attempt it. I leave it, like Maria J. Woodward. after folly drawing the conclusion that- - Mark Twain .was induced to speak indifferently Utah Co., Salem, respecting this celebrated curiosity, lest he Nov. '28th 1872. should be suspected of doing or thinking for Dear Editor: once like somebody else. I am a reader of the Exponent, one of As yet I have had but little opportunity its first subscribers, watch for its coming for writing, the passage being rough makes with interest, delight in its perusal, think it difficult. E. R. Snow. every one the best, desire to see it prosper and enlarge with choice matter selected from all P. S. Still pleasant, and right. the man v who write for its beautiful col Nov. 17th, 180 miles from Queenstown. umns. May God bless the Woman's ExpoE. R. S. nent and all connected with it or who fee an interest for i t. ws . . M. P. IvILUAN. FOR the Expoxext. TEMPERANCE. OF MISS SNOW. CORRESPONDENCE I know that many readers with almost contempt at this heading. Steamer "Minnesota," miles from Liverpool, 800 it November 5th, 1872. ss m sea-sickne- - - m m m - - ss, my expectations. I remarked that but I they could not run street cars there, deone was mistaken, for presently I saw spite the narrowness of the streets, some of which are very handsome. Davenport is On entering Davenport a pleasant, stirring town, but; like all other towns and cities I have seen since I left Salt Lake, it seems destitute of sufficient land to to the streets. give elbow-room Yet, is the very essence or Happiness, ana is s but very little understood by of the human family. Even those who three-fourth- r My Dear Miss G reene: Here I am in the midst of the ocean . embarked, as we had anticipated, on!the6th. The sea was calm and sailing pleasant till towards nierht. when the winds became too strong for the sails they were all furled, which produced a rolling motion of the ves w ith some of sel, conducive to We have naa consiaeraDie the passengers. rough weather, but now all is calm. I have experinced a slight touch of that disquieting just enough to malady called make my appetite inexpensive for two or ' thrpft dav's and'to cause a little cleansing of the stomach for my future benefit. The short period of time since leaving my Mountain Home has introduced me to much that has been interesting; my health has been good, and thus, far my endurance of the fatigue (if anything I have experienced is worthy to be called such) has been beyond sea-sickne- will glance speakndwrite of it where, hold nations in his hands. Yet he lost all, and a man very much his inferior . was his conqueror. , Wellington was temperate; calmly he watched his brilliant antagonist, moving his men 'from place to place, avoiding collissions as often as possible. Finally he conquered Bonapart, came out of the strife and lived to be a very old man. Wellington, although very wealthy, lived exceedingly plain; on a camp bedstead and was in no way given to luxurious living. It is the lack "of temperance that makes human beings unhappy. Think of the most temperate people with whom you have been acquainted and do you not know they have made you admire them whether you would or not ? They, command respect without asking for it, by the force of he-sle- pt their example. TnZhistorywetfid i)ut fe w Wash in gtons, whose careers' have been more beautifu 1 at the close tha n at the begin u i n g. But . let 'us tu rn to the history of t he development of this Territory. Temperance has been the watchword of President Young and those associated with him. In all things they advise to take things calmly, In the late crusade did not President Young show the most perfect moderation? Calmly he has letLtha people of- thisJTerritoryad vane--. little, growing greater and greater. And if we, as a people, will be taught by those whose right it is to teach, we must become the greatest people on the face of the globe. And if we will be temperate in ing-lit- tle by all things our lives will be beautiful and our deaths but triumphs. MISTAKES. Which should be. first with us, our own private interests, or the common cause of humanity?. When viewed in a true light, neither need be neglected for the sake of the other; for they are so closely interwoven that they both terminate in the same thing. But unless we are vigilant and ever on the alert we are apt to neglect the very duty we should perform, to accomplish something else of less import, but which, at the moment appears to be of greater magnitude. A slvort time ago a sister came to mo to tell why she would hot be able to attend the Relief Society meeting that afternoon. She must go up tow for some cause, and there were quite a number of little "evefy st look after in day'1 concerns that consequence of which it would be impossible ior ner to ue present ai ine meeting, uui not one of the hindrances which she related was of. really grave importance, or anything . that could not be performed at another time without danger of loss or inconvenience. "And all this must lie done, and only the meeting neglected,41 1 remarked; that .which should be a first consideration is placed at the last and" "Say no more," interrupted my friend, ."! can go as well as not, and I will.?? Thus we often mistake the least for the greatest objects of our present mission. she-mu- them, abuse IF shockingly. very many The strictly temperate person will live to be old. This is a bold assertion but the truth of it can be proven any, or every day. Tern nerance enters into the smallest minutiie of life", and beautiful indeed are the lives Of the strictly temperate. They may not have genius or brilliant talent. But if by circumstances placed side by side with, or in antagonism with Genius or Talent, for any considerable length of time, Temperance will be sure to win and wear the laurel ' M. S. wreath of fame. Washington was temperate in all things, if what we read of him be Salt Lake City, Nov. 28th, 1872. . true. Does history furnish a more beautito The World's Fair, at Vienna is have, ful character or one more venerated? lie conquered more bv the wisdom of his as one of its grand attractions, a huge "baby counsels than by his sword. His mind, being show." Baron Von Schwartzenboren was calm and clear was able to receive and retain the originator ofthe idea. Many fashionable the most perfect impressions of what would mothers will take a peep in the nursery at be best for the Country he loved so well! hearing of this who have never thought of And those impressions he carried into prac- troubling themselves about it or its puerile tice as perfectly as it was possible for fallen occupants for months before. But their pale, misused babies will not take the nature to do, which was the foundation of pent-u, the famous Constitution under- - which. all prize; unless rosy, robust children, belong-should be free. Contrastwith the history of ing to mothers of sense, who allow them his life and death that of Napoleon Bonapart to breathe the fresh, pure air, play in the on them, are kept Bonapart had genius and talent unbounded, dirt and let the sun shine could dazzle the minds of nations; could as jat home. -- -- r- p, . . - 