woMlys k x ton ent. .. l Ji . instruction how dred dollars; and lire fet ill receiving money smned his remarks, giving RIHEF, to srovern themselves in tlieir meetings, fpr thojsamci- purpose. Our disbursements was AND. WORK what order to obWveptimrtoregulate dis iinringjthe time since the Society, 'BRIEF SKKTCU OF ITS OBGANIZiTlO have been upwards of two hundred INGS IX THE CITY OF NALVOO.HANCOCK CO., ILLS. cussions, etc.. etc., and concluded by saying, Mf ininrp thp fhn meter' of any one; if dollars, and we have on hand six hundred TVk dollars in goods and capital stock in the B Y E LI Z AT R. SNO W. members of the ".'Society v shall conduct-istore -all your It. V. M. Comiwny, and and with deal nronerlv. Keep them, Reprinted from No. 1 of tbe Exfonest of St. George. Our; present roll counts one Within your own lwsbms, 'and doings hundred and fifty members; with Anna L. According to authentic testimony, an or all characters sacred.' ; Hannah E. Crosby as It was then proposed that Elder Taylor Ivi ns as PresidentSnow ganization, of which the present Female as second Counselhas always ex vswntft the chafr. Prest. Emma Smith and first, and Minerva Relief Society is a Perkins, President of Teachlor; Hannah-Gtook the chair: and counsellors her has Christ Jesus Church of the isted when Tavlor moved, seconded by Prest. ers; M. C. McArthur, Treasurer; and Elder as it been fully organized. iElect lady," Caroline A Jackson, J: Smith: that we iro into an investigation' " Secretary. occurs in the New Testament, has direct respecting what this Societr shall be calledreference to the same alluding to one who which was carried luiiwiimously.'' (The discussion which was lengthy and Editok Exponent: presided over this Institution. See 2d Wre send you a brief reiort of the fourth interesting, is wholly omitted,) r' isJJ e Jv. unanimous vote, Miss Eliza It. Snow annual meeting of the F. R. Society of The first organization of tins fsociety, in was appointed Secretary, and Santaquin, iield Sept. 5th, when We were the SecreMiss Phebe M. Wheeler Assistant favored with the presence of Sistels Simons 17th of larch, Ja42,by Joseph. Sinith, tary, and , , Uthe and Weach, Presidents of Payson and ew- of Christ of Jesus Church President of the Miss Elvira A CWes, tlie lalMrs; own Societiesy-who- se renmrkwre excel-- other Latter-da- y assisted promi-' by Saints, 1: i'v' . lent and-ver- y Holmes) Treasurer. encouraging. There was exnent Elders. His aioIogy for deferring the aeciare mis hibited upon the ocrasion five handsome Prest. J. Smith s;udrti-noreorganization till that period, was . the great Society organized with President and Coun quilts, one of which, it was said, contained' of duties, labors and rcsiKwsibili sellors, etc., according to Parliamentary 1,032 pieces-Th- is sieaks well lor -- the his him. devolved which upon ties, . By all who shall hereafter be aa- tience, industrjT and economy of the sisters. t ' I Society must be free from Several of the sisters six)ke disapprovingly suggestmiinaineeuiiupi tJie JUasomc iiaiipanu a nmiieii hu.u.r i of "slang" talk, and a happy feeling per cellsure) ami received by vote.' vireo. Elder Tavlor addressed the meeting by vaded the meeting; many of the infirm Perhaps a few extracts from the "Minutes saying that he is much gratified in seeing a were administered to at the close, by the .of the Organization," would be interesting, meetingof this kind in Nauvoo; his heart Elders. The Society is in a prosperous con lull: in for insertion too are lengthy they rejoices when he sees the most distin- dition; a good feeling prevails in our "Nauvoo Lodge Room, V guished characters stepping- forth in a cause midst; and all seem willing to aid the old, March 17, 1842. which is calculated to bring into exercise nfirm amL destitute. Santaquin being a .Elder John Taylor was called to the chair, virtue, and give scope to the benevo- small place, our financial report is also small. and Elder Willard Itichards appointed sec- every lent feelings of the female heart: he re- - Our income since May 31, 1868, up to May retary. joices to sec this Institution organized ac- 31, 1872, was $505.35 ; disbursements to the 'The commenced singing by Meeting cording to: the law of Heaven; his prayer infirm and needy, $288:03: our shares in spirit of God like a fire is burning,' etc. is. that the blessings of God and the peace the Provo Woolen Factory and shares in the Prayer by Elder Taylor. of Heaven may rest down on this Institu store are included in the proi-ert- y When U was moved by Pres. Smith, and tion, henceforth. on hand. Wre like your paper much, seconded by 3Irs. Cleveland, that a vote be rejoice. etc., andjsh great success. taken to know if all are satisfied with each the for one week, Bis Mrs. E. J. STiCKNETvlesident: meeting adjourned female present, and are willing to acknowl- missed 3Iks. j. P.rWnsoN, Secretary;. by prayer." edge them in full fellowship and admit Before retiriug, each gentleman present Mrs. E. F. Tritgen, Treasurer. them to the privileges of the Institution mve a liberal to commence the donation about to be formed. Vote unanimous. -- z funds of the Institution. addressed the The FJ R. Society of Brinton's Ward, President'' Smith meeting were found written lines The following held a meeting on the afto illustrate the objects of the Society, that on n an open Bible in the Big Cottonwood, and a scrap lying ternoon of Wednesday, Septemlxlr 18 th, the Society of sisters might 'provoke the room Soat the the time and when, where, E. R. S now brethren to irood works, in looking to the was organized ; which ha ve been care- which was attended by Miss ciety took wants of tlie poor, searching after objects and transcribed as an appro and others from Salt Laker city, whoPresiireserved fully the to in of charity, etc;, assist, by correcting frontis-ju'ec- e to the F. IX. S. Book of active part ; the proceedings. The priate of virtues the the and morals ' " dent, Mrs. Harriet Brinton, expressed strengthening Records: much satisfaction at the agreeable surprise feinaleeommunityj, jnd.. .iiye ; the Elders w 'Jnw.fi (l itJier?e'$ chH: our Lord, hep tlie trouble of rebuking, etc. He proposed 4 re! So moU.lt U Amen. With the SWORD which "Bister Snow's visit occasioned, as it T that the sisters elect a presiding ofticer to d the WORD of THUTUuferd thou them. was unexpected; and she earnestly thanked J and that let over the Secretary, Mrs. Elizabeth Howard, for presiding So mote it be Amen . them, preside two would lie that counsellors: choose pofticer (TO IJE COXTIXUKD.) inviting and bringing the sisters from the ordain them, and let them preside over the city. over as the preside Presidency Society, just Puring her remarks Miss Snow said that SOCIETY. REPORTS. It. F. his need instruthe Church; and if they "It is not required of women who are seek-iu- g to from time it him hewill to live their religion, gain intelligence ctionask give 1 1 S 72. Gkokc; St. , e, Sept. . time. and assist in establishing pure and correct a. Wr0MAN'is "Let this Presidency serve as Constitu- Editoh Exponent: principles, to neglect their personal appearto to a transmit I tion.! If any officers are wanted carry you reiort of our organi ance; buto endeavor to elevate and beauwas them which let established August 21th, tify themselves in every way, and not the out the designs of zation, Institution, be apiointed and set apart, as Deacons, 1868, by President Erastus Snow, assisted disfigure their forms and make themselves -' by Bishops Robert Gardner and Henry Ey- - appear ridiculous by following after the Teachers, etc., are among us. be will nncr, ana Jbluers William Fawcetr. vrilliiim vain, senseless fashions of the world." She The minutes of your meetings to II. act for upon. Branch, Franklin B. Wool ley and James asked w hat was more becoming and beauti- you precedents He. then suggested thc propriety of elect- G. Bleak ; and consisted of twenty-fiv- e fyingtoan-intellectu- al and refincd - lady-th-an durto oflice in L. continue with a I Anna as members, a plain, neat dress? The tawderv friv ing Presidency vins, President; so C. or Branch and Hamuih iihall E. loiig gocxLbehavior, Emily ing Crosby, olities of fashion mav do for those devoid ashey fill the office with dignity, etc. counsellors; Augusta IS. Jackson, Secretary; pf taste and judgment, but they ill become 'Motioned by !Mrs. Whitney, and seconded and Caroline A. Jackson, Treasurer. women of sound thought and reason. WTe Mr Emma that Smith 3Irs. the four Packard, by past During years the people should seek to increase our fund of knowl be chosen President; passed unanimously. visited by the teachers of the Society have edge and to polish- the mind. There is On suggestion of Prest. Smith, the Prosit contributed liberally to'fts fund, and. we more sense and consistency in that than in dentess Elect made choice of Mrs. Sarah have always had means on hand to supply covering the.lody with finery, and seeking M. - Clevehmd and : .rrs.UiEliwil)eth Ynn every rail for aid. : i by that means to appear polished and at- ' In resK)nse to tle call of Pres7dejt Young tractive. Whitney for Counsellors." We should study our own natures, After which the ceremony of ordination for help to gather the poor from foreign our own organiziitions, and learn to underwas performed: "When Prest. Smith re- - lands, we collected and forwarded one hun- - stand the laws of life and health. We should SOCIETY. THE FEMALE - or-ganiz- ; ' . m if i s !i fac-simil- II! ' i t ! e, . ; I t f ed -- Co-6iwrat- ive i ftt U -- '. - . -- 4- 11 ii 3 j. . i:Zi -- f w ! k F I . 1 . i a i j i i , i j 4 . -.- . y . ; ' Co-operat- ive it - ; . i s - ' f "O -- " , . " k ' . 1 , . -- . - "if 