or je SlfsX.hrJ.t SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SElTEMIiEIl K, 1872. Vol. I. virtuous mother, and make amiable and matronly wives. Hioth in llheuish Prussia luivc followed Joseph Jefferson, so lately nearly blind the expulsion of the Jesuits. More religion! from the use of a powerful' light which he The California State Fair commences ... in "Rip Van Winkle," is again able to folTit rSaerahlen low his profession, A less brilliant light so the 27th. The water supply of Albany is failing employed may save to t he S tage, for years, and a milk famine threatens the city. A one of its leading ornaments. - steady- - flowing artesian well might avert AxiJiAUTOBioGRAFiiY--ofSatan-" has been prepared for the press by Dr. Beard, the danger. LTiiE 31 AiCiaof Eiig; oCJEngland: but ., the learned doctor does -to not claim that it is his own biography: he liilripK the L?ndon working classes; and they might only edits it. The inference may be drawn " that he was on good terms with the characbe much worse employed. whose personal history is to be give li to With gold as the god of the world, aud ter '. J. world.. the "almighty dollar" m earnestly wor the. of Grant is advocated by shipped, it is no wonder the question "Will "it pay?" is so often asked. JndelLEhilUpvholmifslhahowas in error when rthe niission of the Re her V A colored woman recently jerked publican party was said, by him, to be at arm otit of joint in her religious fervor at a an end. The "national scold" mav live to meeting. Such exercises make that he lias c iii some fashionable NEWS AND VIEWS. rnendher re-electi- I; on aedge No. .8. the tail was trying to wag the dog," savs "liearth and --Home." Just so; and so it was felt .some eighteen hundred and odd years ago, by the pharisaic Hebrews and-thphilosophers of pagan.Rome-conccrn-Tnjfra,..fe- v ignorant fishermen of Galilee. Yet now those same fishermen are canonized by the most iowerful nations of the world. Time is a great revolutionizer, and that wliich is most derided may become in a few years most popular and sought after. :....-:J-to-d- ay ' . "A" uoNVENTroxBof Democrats has 1kcii held in Louisville, Ky. to nominate still other men as candidates' to "rule over us," if the people would so will it. jThey rejected Greeley and repudiated tfieaetioiramhe-De- m and, after nominating Charles O'Conor. of New York, and John Quincv. Adams, of Massachusetts, for President and Vice President, their candidates declined the hmior, while endorsing the movementi-an- d places. A New religious sect lias sprung up in ndJM more 0. nr nnf Tn1ifi,.!o.w ,1 mn,r lr.,4n'ol, Iowa, composed entirely of Germans, who many dishonoralle tiling, and from this hold a community of property and live question Xouisville convention under the prominent rules of the Paris Com circles. Of course can. is if there the nri ffm;ii nf m anT they filler munists. v i f o iwuu iu liictuuutciuiu ilium iniufjs. Henry Wilson. Republican can hT1o i uiua-uiuuw is uiiii mt; nvenige xiic TlIF GoLDF admits he was a Know maienai for ge" is authority for sav usea m an is unmanuiacturea leu that the Republican Executive ComNothing once, and, as a consequence, was condition, and in working itself into shape ing at mittee oDPosed to foreign bom citizens holding it often Washington has issued a confidena strange mass of incon tial circular presents to certain - prominent members any office. gruous development. of the Woman's Bights party, to organize i TirK GknevA Board of Arbitration has In tiie lotteries at Leeds, England, one Grant and Wilson clubs and thus work for concluded its labors, and the world may re- thousand women, are employed, the working of General Grant. And pose in quietude for a season, the intermin nine hours a day, at the rate of sixty cents there are among themjhose Who Mil snap able, "Alabama" claims being at length a week. : Some of our charity-lovin- g neigh- '"at'th"l&itfalthou disposed of. bors, who wish to donate a portion of their working majority in Congress, could easily means for the relief of the "down-trodde- n VoMoltke sent to Thiers, withof"his have passed an uimeDdment to the Constithe women of Utah," might do good by making compliments," a copy of his history tution, any time in the last four years, to Franco-Germa- n war. How the grim old up contributions for the aid and encourage make woman a part of the supreme must have chuckled-a- t the sat- - ment of such female laborers, who are wear law of the suffrage strategist land, and have sent it to the vaurniue humor of such a present so for ing life away in with, appar rious States .ratification. But they did warded! - not; and the quasi recognition of woman's ently, no hope of brighter days. Pere Hyacinth, the famous preacher Berlin has been in a blaze of military worth, contained in the Philadelphia platof Notre Dame - in Paris, has broken his glory and tfahtic enthusiiiin over three Em form, was no more than a shallow attempt views of celibacy, as well as broken with perors meeting in cordial greeting and im- - to secure the influence of the Woman's the Pope, and like Martin Luther has mar- - perial pomp. How many those whose party in the Pr sidenfiai campaign. of . ned. Sensible Hyacinth ! He may now voices called ionn ccnoes .. .. m. iroia tne blue become a pere in reality. , oxj.u.ib Jr'ie"a sirucK iy a raultabovc. inresDonse to their tlmurhflP piety Vice-Preside- e nt, , re-electi- " h on - ! semi-slaver- y, n iJLl.i- 1 ..... I fn" ?f JSV "no'yaiia,aiia sinking, with A Congress of the Internationalists sat and Avild checrsrwiirilirdIdwrravcs not Jor the ?' vc,7 at tho Hague early this month, and decided a result of the crowned heads of Germany, ? ftent "Bien-bitio- n ;bU"ar that the general Council of the society Russia and Austria thus meeting? An Sl&i America, between thirty continues its nromntintrs. and whnt vlU.c should be located in New York. The uuu V uiuiu wuu OeiUg nurrietl into- -. irl Knhmnn wirifnl nnrl In Wir In tlif dinlnmaPV rannnt moh fn i hn w,,r etermt ? aud the burning of the "Amen- quest, the cannon and the bayonet will be ca" in Chinese country wiU'ripeu nn result waters, with a loss of over a Maine election occurred on the 9th, invoked to accomplish. million dollars in property and eighteen and the heaviest vote for years was polled. "Agassiz thinks the jelly fish has an livesj are some of the marine disasters re- The Republicans carried the State by a immortal soul" sneeringly says an exchange, corded within the past two weeks. W e reduced majority when compared And why not? .Will some tell where boast of the advance made largely - .. sage . ..v 1.'X t 1L A i it me il 1 crea- - art of how lasi vote given as neavy as mo one iiumunamy lurmmaies in me animal witn the elements can be controlled tion? And why should man be supposed or resisted what wonderful this year, and that was in 1868, are immor- - rcadv' tn nnvnt ncouiwia appliances The New York "Tribune" speaks of the to be the only being endowed-witcasualties and 41irt cum Woinan's Journal of the loss of men and women would be the ladies estimable several very from causes would property ... , 11 A. II il once inhabited stonr lo1iof if wminnM i omy living creaiures mat sexes." it has, inereiore, me of a hirgo numberof other, journals, that earth? And mnkind in their and are conducted by ancient grannies of the other members of the brute creation seen rridft will nnf holiovn Ko 4V.n : masculi ne sex. in ifcion ny jpnn tne JJivine as inhabUmg speakinc to them rf tho ilmn with thA Pipmnnt TTia Queen Victoria is a grandmother again, eternity? Modern theology is a stramro A,ifln!li, -;. ::;r;The daughters of this august lady, like bundle of crudities, nrcBh'eciea and nointinw n?KnnMrfnt; their mother, have not learned the fashion, "The ArroiNTuiOT by the ronnons of when He will make haro His arm in power able crime of murderincr their unborn off- - missionarios to spring. They pattern after a noble and United States looks very much like as if numo " "r m A 1 1 1 J 1 A. J. " J inPAon, 1 T .1 au-aniag- e I t- high-mindedne- ss innoni, . , RU 4 . . f 