 : I k - - f I lllll MM Wlllw I Ill ! II I Hill I IIIIIM III MM Hill II I - a ' I ' . r , SALT LAE& CITY, Vol. I. ,v , IJTAIIUNE i i m ii f i - t i i i - -- ' No. 2. 15, 1872. 4-- NEWS AND VIEWS.- - Xew York blacksmiths are striking wages. 1 for , TiuDeniocnit i will boil at Baltimore on the Oth proximo. President Grant was nominated for re election by the Philadelphia Convention. offered, discountenancing the chartering of female unions, and striking out the word  male." .Under the rules this will lay over for a year. It is discreditable to the intelligence of the tyiographical profession that such distinctions should exist. AVhere wo men make as gockrcompositors as men they should enjoy all the rights and privileges possessed., by male compositors, and the effort to continue a class distinctioit because ofsex is as unjust as it is urigullant It is again announced that' Dr. Livingstone, the indomitable Scotchman who has Will he be elected ? Admikkks of John Brown are anxious to erect a monument to his memory at Harper's ferry orCharleston. Is he, likely to be soon forgotten in those places ? jgrule4us memory fanious through coming in is of lOston, time by his African has been Milice; Inghahi, a fortune, at Buenos Ayres, having estab- - again heard from andexplorations, is safe. He has furshedholesale-millinery-storerr-VTh'en nished a large fund of material for small all .the milliners have made their fortunes, wits that can neither appreciate his daring, it is to be hoped they will begin making enterprise, energy, nor the love for science of a more common-sens- e style and t he ad vancement of knowledge wh ich than many that are now made and wprh. has sustained him in his many perilous una American thousand Over newspapers dertakings. Yet he has done more to penea fact that shows trate the mysteries of that hitherto unknown last year, single collapsed how prone our " independent sovereigns" world, which lies buried in the vast African are to rush into the using of printer's ink continent, than any other man, living or without a secure footing on which to stand. dead, of whom past or contemporaneous his3Iore than two millions of money, it is cal tory furnishes any account. enter culated, was lost by tho experimental The platform adopted by the. National ' .. prises. Rebublican Convention which met at Phila in are Six Presidential tickets already the delphia on the 5th inst., acknowledges that field for the coming election, with several the claims of those who advocate woman conventions in prospective j ifnd Utah has suffrage are entitled to respect. This has not a single effective voice in the exciting the appearance of a .bid for the services of contest. Six Presidential elections have Mrs. Hooker and other women lecturers, to been held since UTtah was settled, and yet take the stump in support of the party nomshe has never cast a vote for President. inations. But, inasmuch as the Republicans To bandy the lie in the halls of Congress, have had a large majority in both houses of like street brawlers in a quarrel, as was done Congress for some years, why is it that the in the House of Representatives on last sought-fo- r sixteenth amendment to the Con 3Ionday night, is a poor way to rimnifest the stitution, to confer upon women the suffrage, never been able to command a respecta dignity which should characterize the leg has vote in Congress that would send it to islators of a great courifryrIf the men who ble ' lead in politics and aspire, to govern the the, country for ratification. Plausable plat people, would first learn to govern them forms sound well, but consistent acts are selves, they would be better fitted for the better. Two more Polar expeditions have started. high dulies which they are so anxious to as -sume. : 7 Tiikodore Tilton is fur Greeley "first, last ' be1'"' . An Illinois clerk refuses to marry and all the time." :'" cause the women have so many limits. His Florida will soon have her first street railway. ' objections to one are : "She walks per- at Cedar Keys. Utah will beat her. do to ust as used women fectly natural, j "TnE Boston " Peace Jubilee" will be a great wears and her own hair, like crash. It years ago, oicns on Monday, the 17th inst some old grandmother, which would make "Scissors editors" is the latest and most appro her appear so awkward among his fashionable friends !" Poor young man ! He's too priate name for a numerous class of the editorial wise for this mad world ! But, could he not fraternity. mako a choice ifrom some modern bundle of Illustrated papers are growing. They teach i- -li- head-dress- es ' I -- 7- , tt Vv'--.- . N -i rarely excelled, he furnished much pleasant readcountries, which will ing for all English-speakin'Xlong keep his memory green. g - s trumcntal performers will participate in the r ' I)s-to- n and International Musical Peace J ubilce provision has been ma'le for seating a hundred thousand p'yplc. One clever Irishman has succeeded in adding a new feature or notoriety to the " Hub of tlie Univefse-an- d loston rejoices, r Fearflx storms have swept over different places in the Eastern and Middle States within the p ist two weeks, wasbing awa fences, farm pn kIucc, and GitUe, leaving buildings shattered by lightning, and killing a- - number of peopleIrsw'tu'cd as i the Storm .Kfiig had gone: ; forth inhlrfursp Strikes have become plenty of late, opocially in New York, and the demand is that eight hours' work and ten hours' pay shall consdtute the labor and- - comiensatin for a day's toil. We propose -two other strikes, to classes of 'Lwhite- indcjwo slaves." Let seamstresses and editors demand a reduction of labor and an increase of pay. Both classes need them, and bfth, as classes, vre harder worked than arc the men of any trade engaged in the New York strikes. J ust now there is only one subject of surpassing interest in America : Who shall distribute the official patronage during the four years commencing March 4, 1873. When men were honest and lost nioney by holding office, the offices had often to seek the men; but now they have found a way to realize a fortune in a year or two out of a starvat ion salary, and the number of people seeking offices is so great, that they could scarcely be suitably supplied if every cell, in every pemtentiaryjn the country was prepared for their especial use. Anohier apialling domestic tragedy occurred in New York. The circumstances are: one Emil Andrea, a Frenchman, whose wife had left him on account of disfiguration by small-powas living with another man. Dieuslandwent to her residence to obtain her signature to a paper for separation. She refused and fled ; he caught her on the corner of First avenue and Fifteenth street, took her by the hair, put a pistol to her head, shot her V dead and waited for the police to arrest him. Sad, indeed! . :.J7L Rev. Huston, of Baltimore, waatried by ah ecclesiastical court, with closed doors, far alleged immorality with young women of his acquaintance. . He was acquitted, and proposes to bring suit for libel against the,. "Baltimore American'1 newspaper. Meantime he has been indicted by a grand jury on ... the same charge ;: so that between the libel prosecution in which he will be plaintiff, and the crimthrough the eye, which is a pleasant mode of acQTiir- - inal prosecution in which he will be defendant, ing knowledge when the object is agreeable. there is a chance that the public will get at facts China's religious institutions, it is said, cost her which it is generally believed the ecclesiastical court four hundred millions of dollars annually less than concealed. a dollar a head. Why, Christendom pajTs nearly For jealous and infatuatol ' lovers to shoot as much per caput for religion, and yet see how and stab the of their insane dciircsj if ; the of infamy and general in- latter refuse objects prisons, madhouses, denS to accept their matrimonial offers, is ' : iquity thrive! become somewhat fasluonablc. One of the latest To Become acquainted with the " strong iwints" cases is that of a painter in San Francisco named of a dishonorable or disreputable character, wliich Mansfield, who twice shot a Miss Hein, daughter " the principal men of tlic country have made daring of an importing merchant, and then; put a bullet the past few years, a stranger should take in for through his own body, but without killing either. the .next three months about half a dozen political William the Conqueror, of "England, secured his papers sustaining different parties. wife by seizing her on the street, tearing her hair Charles James Lever, the author, is dead. women wore their own hair then rounding her, With a rare fund of humor, a wonderful talent for and rolling her in the mud. The modern style is delineating tho rollicking character of the Irish in not so rough, but it is far mere fatal. How we imaUits exuberance, and a wealth of plot and incident prove ! ' - . x, v 1 ..... fashionable millinery ? Congress adjourned on 3fonday last, the 10th inst Tho women of .Utah are under obligations to it, that it declined to pass Representative Wheeler's bill to deprive them of the ballot, which the act of the Ter- ritorial Legislature and the signature of Hon. S. A Mann conferred upoifthem. Had the women of Utah done violence to their feelings and intelligence, and polls voted men have against the proved and know they at-the- " to lxTwofthy ,of- -' confidence, thero would have been no bill presented to Congress to deprive them of the elective franchise. At the International Typographical Union, which met in convention, in Richmond, Virginia, last week, an amendment to the constitution of the organization was - -- - - ; . . - ... 