WOMAN'S EXPONENT. suited by receiving an invitation to a party Boston were warned by the Lord through His s that His wrath would be poured out where Mayor Hall figured conspicuously: in The electric Train (George Francis,) ac- - England Froude would be called a "muff." upon them unless they repented. But who cuses Grant of Imvihsr been in partnerships .....Miss Faithful has not asociaieiiwitliJAv r been with 1 weed, Connolly and bweeney in the 6S the general body of Woman Suffragists in power, and its pride, to repent? sell-oHoratio-Seymofiasco."......"Lit- - England, but has, it is said, worked by her- - would look for the intellec tie Cordelia Howard," the original Eva in self in her own way... ...For married women Boston to think that it need "Uncle Tom's Cabin," is married and a to retain their maiden namo is a Dutch mav seeni harsh and almost mother...... Cologne is. the wealthiest city on custom.!,. .The old wpoden bridge across thus of aierriblecalamitj' wl the river Rhine. . ... .A railroad is being con- - the Delaware river, at Trenton Jg to be nfihi'ntnn fmv strueted in Scotland, by the Duke of Suther- - replaced by an iron one at a cost of $500,000. nas suffered soueh'-'fi- ut would the surgeon own cost...... his Sacramento has for drinkThe Act land, at the "hi closing . 7 , , r , Licensing' wncpe J. i V, V picveuicu j - , iiivefiwi rabid dog had aavisingauterization-whcrc'J ,lu S.Yi-'"yand fpirablinf; increases in popularity in considerable excitement.Jndianapoli8 and hat this visitation, 1 ke all ti.,4fiter that City.;....Provisions are iriade for the in- - many of the Eastern citiesTWT Jtly, suranee ot :i",uuu,uuu or stocks, in shares bridges or tunnels over or. under their great " - " :.D,,.fcf ."""" v J iu ot S10 each, in the bill appointing commis- - raUroad crossings, as a protection to travelers sioners from each State and Territory to on foot or drawing teams.. .. ..ifroude says as in the Chicago fire the dwelling? of the worst women who live in Boston have not suffered. jeonducttheC pendenceJDay aCPhiladelphia in 87G.u. fering beyond example among the Irish Bt were they the wickedness of that city? The i'ersians will not admit a Frank into t neasantrv...The New York "Nation" savs that Who made them things of crime and shame their public baths.; but openlyssert that lie the. Attorney. General of JtfewlYork made 3Yho; droyethemito; degradation and ruin? wonldHlefil Ttheni..Servia is the only arrangements to let notorious criminals Let the men who occupy palatial buildings an- t Lurope vvhere the barbarous escape prosecution consenting to swer. es, ot inon wheel one the is of the candidat ilowphy-seizminute details and hypo breaking punishinent pay money towards ilicted on criminals.... . .One of the late in the presidential contest. critically asks explanation; While prophecy sensations is the alleged discovery of an deals with generalities, and warns a people island-of-go- ld i 11 the -- Caribbean k SearTvn .w Piocho is to have a new theatre built.. I... A m TT Tl TIT f r l "T J rt ti at tv r IT ti Vt m" i 'vviwiiwi j. uuvounj youttg--i)lis- h i;girl was recently beaten to a calamity; prophecy foretells the evil and death by the Russians, for expressing her warns a people against it. For years the love for her country,..,. .Fren,ch journals say LOUISE I GREEXE, Editor. Almighty has warned this and other nations, Paris has ne ver before been so full of Ameri but His warnings have been laughed at and cans as 110W... Persian ladies are said to Published in Salt &ke City, Utah. Ternig: e i six months, $1. Ten 0W) y,ear. 2; He has said that after the warndisregarded. 2new paint themselves out of all semblance of anv- - for the price of nine. Advertising rates: Each square, copies ekht ing of His servants He would send earthquakes, , one time, S2: per month, S3. thing human or , dl Vine..... ".The people Of lines of nonpareil space, General East Patterson, Aeents, Temple street, the sea breaking beyond its bounds, the voice Campbell i Nevada Complain of the extort iona to nrios" I ;ait ' laKe wty. ' of the tempest, and the power of Jehovah communications to" charged by the Railroad companies, for Address all businessPublishers Womah's Expoxrit. made manifest in great storms and tribulations transportation of freight and passengers...... Salt Lake City, Utah. From twenty to thirty priests marry every coming upon the earth. All these things are in diocese the of Paris Miss LAKE HALT alone...... of year CITY, NOVEMBER 15, 1872. daily occurrence. Weekly the inhabi tants of the earth are startled with accounts of Faitliful, now lecturing in this countrj holds the position of "printer and publisher in calamities which frighten and appal; yet PHILOSOPY AND PROPHEGY. ordinary" "to Queen Victoria... ... Secretary philosophy accounts for them while prophecy Reward was in full possession of conscious- When the great Chicago conflagration was is never considered. And apparently thus it "ness, ana realized his situation to the last hPifi fn iip i(!(rm1M1fa iu will nntfi tho moment of ins mortal me America has i10 u 4 Wn offi. anH ih rw imvi.. fttu ; i, ei,i,i natio1" for tllei be- - shall see and experience the power of Hi, grfndS w44. me "Ci CApiCOBW M 3 lUCt WIM1 BUetrS rAftlHnnf Amnrinnn TW A r: lost violent and idea was denounced the kind, a bidj for tho ,u,vf Tmm stnto foir A FIXED AIM. and a3 fanatical m Puritanical the extremest recent marriage between a Russian gentle- d is the infidelity degree. In fact so man and an Amprionn lnrlv. wflnmrnr. in the Russian ehureh. at Paris, continued of the present day, that to recognize the hand People who have fixed aims in life, work at the Russian legation, and finished at the of the Almighty in anything is held to be more persistently and with better heart than American legation. ...;. ."George Sand" is fanatical and puritanical. The world of Chris- - those 3who have nothing to look forward to, and going to lecture in Holland and Belgium...... tians liave turned philosophers, and their no distinguishing feature in their daily avoca- The marriage of a priest, or a man who has philosophy does not recognize God. It finds a tions. An ordinarily industrious person will ever null in France, and cause for everything without the intervention become so engrossed in a pursuit that little children horn of it are considered illegiti of Deity; ,and, when narrowed down to a point, disappointments willbe heedlessly rushed by in mate...... Thousands have been rendered popular religion now is a faith that, does not in- the determination to accomplish his or her obhomeless and many lives have been lost, in clude a belief in the existence of an Omnipotent ject, where a certain design iaJniew. The same organization of humanity, having con. Italy, power at all. overflow of tho Po and other rivers. .... .Three Last Saturday night another calamity like ceived no bright hopes of a glorious success and hundred fathers of families, in and about the Chicago one burst upon the City of Boston. a brilliant future, will be overcome by the Bordeaux: trance, have taketheir children For over forty hours the flames raged beyond merest trifles in the way of discouragement, from the public school and refused to let control, sweeping awy building after building and often relinquish a point when it has been them return while the school remains under constructed of materials usually held to be fire almost obtained with scarce an effort, because ecclesiastic control..... .In some places in the some little obstacle appears in the way. It is proof. An provinces of Mantua andFerrara Italy, the The same exchange says: water frpm the inundation of the river Po, witnessed astounding results of intense heat well to set out early in life, with a fixed pur in the Chicago conflagration were pose. Better to strive for somethingeven if reaches the roofs of the highest buildings.... demonstrated in this. Granite buildings per-An old man, 72 years of age, at Crown isueu almost to disappointed in reaching the mark set up as a instantaneously, crumbling Point, Indiana, is supposed to have lain powder as though they had been simply consol- guiding star, at the point first anticipated, than ulown from exhaustion while walking idated blocks of ashes or sand. Great masses to be an aimless sluggard, passing through the of stone as if split by world with through a hog pasture, a short time since, blasts of burst into fragments, nothing to strive for, nothing to and the air seemed and to have been literally eaten up by hogs. full of deadly missiles, threatening destruction hope for, nothing for which to live. New York contains over a hundred thousand to any one who attempted to stay the riotous Scandinavians...... Anna Dickenson will not progress of the destroying flames. HOME AFFAIRS. that or And Horace grant Greeley does not approve thej Chicago fire a gentleman who of woman suffrage.... ..A steamer and tow-bo- witnessed the awful conflagration says that Present iisTDiCATiONs are that more benefit lately collided near the wharf at Pitts- blazing beams of wood were carried long dis is likely to accrue from the Sabbath Schoois, burg, the former being so badly injured that tances, as if invisible hands were at work to taught In the various Wards in this City, under: eho sank soon afterward.Tr...Froude7::the so the new system'' of holding" Sabbath" Schools spread the agent of destruction. English nistorian7cbn5idored himself in- - ago the people of New York, "Forty years Albany and and meetings, than has been realized heretofore. SPLINTERS. sen-ant- . . ur - , v. I i m. ut nm-fiirnpi- 'r f wii;fl"thfWti utjliaui a r igw", -- on-th- eir -- . -- "1 . semi-monthl-y, - 1 - - - IfeavcKultt fonj. whina ' wWelh. wide-sprea- through-the-damages-done-by- -the nitro-glycerin- e, at - J5- 5 -- 