W O M A N'H. -- THE HAND OF GOD. EXPO X EXT. -f- the water. FLOWERS BY HE WAYSIDE. There are ordinarily, but two causes for this: either that the child was 4 BKlAVJtD MOTHER, not introduced to the bath-tu- b early enough Dear sister, the evils which life's pathway s Wr in his existence, or that the temperature of Are atrMnjr for ever the good to outdo; the water was such as to shock him! When -They vex and torment us. afflict and bereave, your Iby; is thoroughly accustomed to the Ana in every manner bewilder and grieve; we scarce can burdens sustain. load with us tub, you can gradually reduce the temperaThey or with us torture with pleasures They tempt ture of the water, until, after a few months, ; pain"! '.;'. you can wash him in almost cold water. Whoever undiunted would patiently Stand, A child should eat regularly and simpler, Must see and acknowledge the Great ruling Hand. One bad example TO t . ' hutshould v -- food."r A d Yriencl, I can sympathise deeply with you ; ...I have found havesomevarietyFOf that a child soon gets tired of Thoujrli young, I have had some experience too; though lightly, of life's bitter cup, one article, if confined to it. Bread 'and cana feel for my fellows when sadly And they sup : milk, bread and butter, different forms of XT I f J J lour l&ie, suaaen loss is a porrowiui one corn ioaedJmdsimpleprepariitionsof Here ft irrold --age fa dutiful son; jYet wounded and rak'd, bowing low to the sod, flour, rice boiled in milk,, and roasted potaVTis gnod to acknowledge the kind Hand of God. toes make a sufficient variety. Give your child of exercise in the if open air; plenty "Though "worn and die- May you answer at last, a can in all v" I you live, ' city, say is, do the tres?ed,7" WithrellahceinsKaFeh' still onward I've pressed; best yougcan; not hath and heart for-thtried, yet my Though tempted eh i id not hay-in- g try th ereis no excuse failed, as much exercise as is rieedfut olfyou JPor good o'erthe. evil within me prevailed: doforced henf-- 1 n summer, . leave to The thick c ouds of darkness were y " ' ' " ZJLj:! butifgjwifreJnheoune ---- . havFrdenyt him out all day, if he enjoys 8 mapiuL-iiiaiir-gQO-c precepts. Tm love of praise should ever " be. pre- served under proper subordination to the " C j 7 principle o f duty. Glory is well enough for a rich man, but it is of very little consequence to a poor man v : 11 with a large family. , Z Z 7 IlToornTMlOBevefat gives a ground Truth and honesty have no need " ' of loud protestations. "r.-TJioufiiCofteii lightedjueaneciion never dies, but will 'glow brightly over the graves of envy and rivalry. He who treats men ingenuously, arid coni th tft verses ki esteehi with very little expense; -i ZSocitATES, thbughlprlmarilyLatteitiyfiCto the culture of his groat miridWflnt-neg-ligerit of hiFexterriala -- of-suspici- on. " ndl3 . it;lin winter, FeAwtheSunhappySeseH WannteautifulunshinetolentoByheartf out send and in moderhim him up, And there, with the balm and the chastening rod, wrai) r path of science, none seem less able to reate weather. . and 1, merciful God." saw Hand a of the pleasant I just turn than the followers of indolence. L. L. Never mind about his getting dirty at Tkutii 1ms force, reason authority, and play. His face will be kept pretty clean if are without lustre if HOUSEHOLD HINTS. he spends enough time in the open air to justice ix)wer; but theyand manner be want- the most graceful way 'taking bad olds,rand ifgyou do preventhis It is not so material what you say an how not allow him to eat between meals. It is somewhat trying to see your little When we reflect upon the many disyou say it. And this rule works famously in other respects, as well as Mn regard to boy 'or girl reveling in the midst of a pile tresses which abound in human life, where of dirt, especially when you rememtrertnat so much is suffered in common j little room" speaking. Irticiiterlykit.'r:aUapte4i-.tr Mrs. Herbert or Mrs. Forteseue, whose chil- is left lor envy. rpepIeaOheIIiapj)y cookery:Asme art of saying almost anything and having dren always look as if they had just issued Every day hath its pains and sorrows, e in less i from a bandbox ret reinent, may possibly but if we look impartially around it sound well, while others, gifted that direction, can hardly express any call, and gaze with virtuously reproving shall find that every day hath also its ; i 'thought in a pleasing manner; so some eyes; but never mind that. You are living pleasures aud joys. cooks are extraordinarily- - fortunate in hav for your child; you know what is best for he greatest benefits we ever doour of fixinl health not and and do allow its happiness, selves is in securing the greatest amount of iriga way cannot others out of a very little, while yourself to be moved from the course which real happiness, which is only done by doing of dish a make palatable any kind, though you know to be right by any false fear or good to our.fellow creatures. on have hand every luxury that pride." they may Ix judging of others we should always could be desired for the purpose. The best think the best, employing the spirit of charcooks are not those alone who can arrange BEAUTIFUL REMINISCENCE. ity and candor; but in Judging of 1ourselves, the greatest' variety of dishes, but those we v ought to be exact and severe. who can prepare their food, no matter what t sen wi folio iments The were. ng expressed The hope of future- happiness is a perand most ; a Scandinavian it is, in the neatest,-sweetest- ,14th Ward in the sister, by source of consolation to the good; wholesome style. Good sweet bread and on Saturday afternoon, petual Rooms, Assembly under trouble it sooths' their minds, amidst 'butter alone pake' a far better .repast than August 31: temptations it supports their virtue. many rich and dainty dishes improperly "I cannot express my feelings as I would Art thou poor? Show thyself active and prepared; and no woman, whatever her like to do; but when I hear you talk of the other attainments may be, can be considered industrious, peaceable and contented. Art over which mothers influence have the thou wealthy? Show thyself beneficent really a good housewife, who cannot make minds of can their children, I hardly repress and charitable, condescending and humane. these two articles. Neatness and economy come tears will into that the my eyes, for I should characterize all our domestic' conWith til "the troubles and cares which cerns. Prudence does not show a lack of remember my mother! And her wise coun- mortals have to encounter here, if we look sel is stamped upon my heart; arid has ever generosity; but quite the reverse; but exfor good instead of ill, we shall find, in and all trials the been, temptations through travagance and waste are next to dishonesty of nearly all conditions in life, there is more a source and of of comfort life, my and should, at all times, be carefully guarded cause for gratitude7 thaii for regret i n t. not more was than Alt I hough of the children,, against And for the sake old when I had to leave my The pursuits of sensual pleasures are not be should taken by mothers, to seven years great pains afford in remembrance the have such food on hand as is suited for their mother, I remember when she used to say those which satisfaction to ine, Don't tilk'SY) much, my daugther; most rational ; we recollect with age and physical development the Angels don't talk so much. Don't most pleasure the innocent, virtuous, and A sensible mother makes the following laughloud; It is not good to laugh loud. honorable ajrts of our past lives. remarks upon the physical treatment of And many other instructions which she Where good is.to.be administered, it is on to are fastened her children my gave children: better to give than to receive; but where4 a safe to be seemed and have memory, "The physical treatment of children is wrong comes in, it is better to receiyethait. to in circumstances nie through many guard to inflict an injury;, and if the peri)etrator important, but simple, if one wishes to which I have know therefore, passed. I, lia-make it so. The main; points are, bathing, a conscience he is sure to suffer most mothers words and of the that examples regularity of eating and sleeping hours, have a great with their children, in The palace of virtue has, in all agesr been weight exercise. simplicity of food, and tlieir determinations and practices represented as placed on the summit of a . The habit of daily, bathing should not be forming life. I know it is from those early hill, the ascent of which can only be infsuspended .when a child is a few months through ormed by labor, where difficulties are to bo old. It is very little trouble, and, done impressions, formed upon my mind, that I was prepared to receive the light of the true surmounted, and a conductor is needed to time. takes little My experience handily, to live to do something direct and best to bathe a child gospel and 1 .wantanV has been that it thankful that I know The cost of a change from heavy to light in entirely coid water. When he is put for for my mother. I shall never cease to praise clothing, made by a brilliant young lady, and I the water the truth, the first time in a bath-tuwhen attending a kill, on a damp, cloudy-evenin-g, should be of such a temperature that he God and my mother!" was first a sore th rait and headmay. not perceivel the transition from the air to the water. I have often heard mothers Miss Alice Bird has twice been invited ache, followed by torturing rheumatism,and say that their children could not be bathed; to a professorship in the Iowa Wesleyan in less than a week, amounting to a burial outfit. that they sci earned as soon as they touched University. - . v 4 us,-,w- ' --T- : re-st- ra : i s tut-of-do- or aid..our-teps--------- is-n- ot b, ' -- 