i. ABOUT WOMEN. I AN ADVENTURE, jTHEJBIGHT WAY EQRZWQMEN. OX, AND IN THE WATElt. The Empress of Austria is said to be the most beautiful womajLilLEuropp. Editor " Woman's Exponent :" The religious department of a St. Louis Perhaps a brief notice of our boat excur paper is in charge of Miss Fanny Holy. sion and the little adventure we met With. A PnoviDENCE lady lecturer concludes it on Sunday, June 2d, might be somewhat won't pay. Only two tickets were sold. interesting to a portion, at least, of your The Michigan University at Ann Arbor readers. Indeed the adventure itself proved v ; . has young women students. Maggie MiTCHEMvhas made her to the dramatic world on the stage of a Boston theatre. . - f? -MnsFanny Frazer -- Foster; is considered one of the most successful singing teachers in the United States. A ball was recently given at Marion, New York, at which every lady; present wore a Dolly Varden costume. sixty-thre- e re-ent- ry ; ; - aJadiesreadiing ffNErHA;irhas furnishelT with handsome car carats. - . Fans for the convenience of lazy women have been attached to sewing machines and are worked by the power which runs the machine. Mrs. Jane Farley, in a fit of jealous despondency, cut her throat in a friend's house in New York, lately, dying in a few minutes. f Half the deiositors .. -- in the Massachusetts savings banks are women, and $26,000,000 is the sum total of the amount deposited by these delightful darlings, Madam Kibrisli Pasha, widow of the late Grand Vizier Kibrisli Mehamet Pasha, will issue an autobiographical work called " Thirty Years in a Harem."- A lady who was inclined to favor the woman suffrage movement, went to Washington, had a chat with Dr. Mary Walker, and came kick latterly opposed to it. Mrs. Dr. Mary J. Studley ranked third in a recent competitive examination for five positions on the house staff of the New York Charity Hospital. She will not have a place, however, on the ground that the medical board "deem it inexpedient to appoint a female to such a position." A Boston bride, whose groom remonstrated with her at the wedding for indulging in a rather indiscriminate bestowal of her maiden kisses on a number of her male friends, remarked with natural naivete that the gentlemen in question had been in the habit of kissing her all her life, and she didn't see why they should stop now. Mrs. Peter Gronda, of Mackinac, is the prolific mother of twenty-thre- e children, the grandmother of fifteen children, the offspring of a.son, and thirteen jnore the a daughter. -- Another daughter has twelve more little ones, and still others of Mrs.Grondas brood have flourishing families. This multitudinous mother is vig orous and hearty, and uses snow-shoe- s in e her frequent tramp.?. . ... off-3prIng--of ten-mil- Aiier amner it, was proposed that we A A a should have a ride ill the boat, Accordingly, iourafus.7 ladies, and -- twosmallchildren. seatedloursdvej took the position of oarsman. He had gallantly rowed twice across the little lake, or big pond, and we were just starting out again, wh en "the t reach erous bark" capsized and threw us all overboard into the water. - The boat went over the head of one lady, but Mr. II. succeeded in shoving it off from her, ana out further into the water. where the two ladies who were in the great est danger, being farthest from our hero. (Mr. H.) could get hold of it ; which they did, and thus Kept themselves and the infant they had with them from sinking. Mr. II. first gave the little boy he had taken to a lady on shore : then helnod thi huW who had been slightly hurt by the boat, to get on shore: then myself, and then he went to the rescue of those who were still clinging to the boat. Through the mercies of a kind Providence, we were all saved, and none of us were seriously injured, not even our pre cious children. We conclude, though, that Sunday is not the aay for dinners and boat excursions and that if we are able to go anywhere on that day, the proper place to so is to the house of the Lord, to learn of His goodness and feast upon His pleasing word. J we had that day a great manifesta irue, tion of His and marvelous Mr. piano, tables, : pet, local and weekly papers, etc. A Teure Haute lady, aged threescore years and ten has attended every circus within reach since she was five years old. Mrs. Florence Donahue, a lady of Ch icope, Mass., not yet thirty years old, is mother of fifteen children. She weighs 241) pounds. Miss Ellen F. Starbuck has been the con fidential clerk to the last three Governors of Massachusetts Andrews, Bullock, and Claf-lin. Tis said that a Hindoo in the city of Al- labad (" city of God") has a diamond worth an untold amount and weighing above 100 - very interesting, intensely so, to us, before we got through with It. Mr. H. was going to start to work pn the rauroau on Monday morning, so he wished us an to go aojynJiUiis farm to spend Sun day and take dinner. He came for us with his horses and wagon, and all hands went. ' 11. A thoughtful female writer hagpublished-t- h e "folio win g reflections " After toiling all day, how refreshing to a weary man is the peaceful quiet of home ! A woman ought to study, in everything, the comfort of those who are passing their days shut out from the pleasant green fields and shady lanes, toiling Where the sunbeams cannot reach them, to cheer their sinking hearts, in order that she may live in comfort ; such a thought should guide the actions of every mother, wife, and sister. Cleanliness and a judicious expenditure of funds are most admirable qualifications in a wife, yet do not constitute entire happiness ; they are only parts of the ingredients employed in forming domestic happiness. Many women never think of conversing on . ahyrsubjecfcbeyo tho father, husband, or . brother, goes out in search of a friend with whom he can discuss more interesting matters, is a great" loss" to females not to be able, on all occasions, to converse on general subjects. -- Wc are happy to state that children of the working classes are now, i n many towns, amply provided wi th the means of securing an excellent eduqation, despite pecuniary deficiency ; an education that will fit f-I- t - them to hold, with credit, superior situations. They are taught to think and to reason upon all learned subjects as children, so that in the days of maturity they may enjoy and add to the enjoyment of an intelligent circle of friends." THE COItONADO ISLANDS. One of the first sights that attracts the stranger on his arrival here, and one that the old residents of San Diego never tiro looking at, is the group of islands known as the Coronados. In plain view from every portion of the city, with nothing beyond them but the waters of the immense Pacific, seems a pity, sometimes, to sea persons who are highly gifted with a noble portion of intelli gence, give way to evil passions, yield to the voice of temptation, and fall into vice. The query very often arises, How can they, knowing so well the difference between the proper and improper course, act as they do ? But the question is easily answered. They lack integrity; the' love of truth, the appreciation of justice and riiht Yet. br their eloquence, their ingenuity, the pleasing display of their superior intellectual abilities, they often win friends and obtain favors, where others, possessed ot genuine integrity and trustworthy principles, but less brilliant in ideas and consequent appearance, arc passed by unnoticed. Where both these elements richly abound and arc finely cultivated in one bcrncr. we find suncrinr- ity indcedr And that superiority all should, and all may, obtain, by carefully cultivating the fundamental parts of these two preeminent, principles. For, certain it is, the Lord in His infinite wisdom and mercy has ordered a seed of each to be planted in every little perfect human form, tliat all who desire it, may be both wise and good. L. they form an attractive and graceful contrast to the high hills south and east and the mesa land north of the town. They, are always beautiful, but are especially so when the atmosphere is intensely clear, as it was yesterday. The first day of May was, even for a San Diego day, unusually lovely. Its pleasant breezes made every one feel cheerful, and drew many into tho open air away from their occupations to sit and gaze with delight on the islands, which seemed, al though miles away, to bo within a hundred yards of the beach, and looked as if nothing intervened between them and the shore but a narrow strip or blue water. But a still more attractive phase under which the group ot islands can be seen, is when the atmosphere causes them to change their appearance, producing the most beautiful mir ages imaginable. On Tuesday an opportu nity was afforded- - to observe these atmospheric effects. The rapid changes in the appearance of tho Coronados as seen from the city on this day were wonderful ; and the shapes were as puzzling and the opinions of observers as conflicting as were those of Polonius, who saw a camel, weasel and whale in the same cloud. These curious mirages are not rare, but may be seen freAnother peculiarity connected quently. with these islands is that at times they are iioLvbdblc from the city, although with thc exception of a slight and almost undiscerni-- ble haze,f the day may be perfectly clear, with not a single cloud in the sky. "San Diego Union." Tin; first colored lawyer has been admit ted to practice in South Carolina. Tin; United States Government employs over 3,000 women. long-sufferi- ng kindness toward the children of men ; yet it might be looked upon as a warning. think. The scene was certainly an exciting one. imagine the position for a moment ! Smithfield. M. G. H. INTELLIGENCE AND INTEGRITY ' it . ,y. . r - pur-suasi- ve . 