w o ma x s i: xpo x e x t. REMEMBER THY MOTHER. Lead tby mother tenderly Down-lift'steep decline; waa thy support, arm pnce.her j j that I ould 7 rather not try to do it." When is the child to loam how to do her . . . 1. ttuiK.yuu-hiyanncauy where such a eotirse -- oTrteenFonunio face i See ubon her Iovinfj Thosedeep lines .of care; Think it was her toil for thee Left that record them. "W-- - ; - ; --t." Ne'er frget her tirele. watch Kept by day or night, - i j Taking from her ptep tho grace, From her eyt&ihe lit?ht Cherish well her fajthful heart. Which, through weary year?, Echoed with its sympathy All thy f miles and tear?. ' j Thank Gcd for thy mother & love, Guard the priceless boon For the bitter parting hour -- case. tendcrhej holdTiadearef spot Than thy inother.i.graYe. - Earth-will- ? what would the world he to m If the children were no more ? We should dread the desert behind m Worcejhan the dark before. Ah . j S Hare been hardened into wood ?a ; tho inr A nd a the rest are dead. HOUSEHOLD hame writer adds. buckwheat cakes of buckwheat aloiio ; make oiitt part of corn meal two of wheat flour and threo parts, of buckwheat.' They are then pongyinstead rofijoinItAiul-innfi-kinbread, always use wiatoos oi nice corn meal. Scald the meal first beforo ad- "XoA-erijnak- a tea.-.poon- ful moved. Cure for Asthma. E. D. Baker, formerly editor of the Snow Hill " Herald," published the statement that he was perma- ; ' HINTS. There Jsia: trQo7 dinif in" lalor winch the very indolent or tho.!? who are so narrow- as to think it disgraceful to work cannot comprehend. Lady Montague sensibly remarks, " The most minute details of household economy become elegant and refined when tliey are ennobled by sentiment ; and they are truly ennobled when we do them either from a sense of duty to a parent, or love for a husband." And another careful authoress has written, "Tho most Ieautiful domestic arrangements are those which most resemble the fair face of a watch,, while all the wheels and - springs arc enti rely out of sight, and only known to exist by tho regularity and order with which their results arebrought about. Thin is the perfection of the art and can only be attained by knowledge and adroitness, with a strong desire to promote the peace and happiness of the domestic cir-minded The; training of unskilled hands, the planni n g, pro vid i n g, presidi ng, d i recting, shaping and adorning must all be done, and much more, but a calm, quiet homo should ever be secured.' V A very important .item in the programme of domestic affair is " the training of unskilled hands." How often do mothers remark to their little daughters, " you are so riow and awkward, I would rather do it myself than wait for you to do it." This is poor encouragement for .incur scholar, and will soon engender in tho feelings of the child the disposition to think "mother can do it so much quicker and. better than I nently cured of asthma of many years' standing by tho use of equal parts pulverized saltpetre and sugar- - burned in the room. A friend of. his, so Iradly afflicted that she was obliged to rest in her chair at nights for months at a time, was also permanently cured by this simple remedy. As it will cost but a trifle and can do no injury, he re-- , commends those afflicted with the' distressing disease to try this remedy. To Cleanse the II air. Barbers use of potash, known as suits of tartar, in water, to shamibo with. It is better to use a tablesiKX)nful or t wo of common spirits of hartshorn, in a basin of water ; then thoroughly wash the sra are clean ; then vnhlrwitirclean water, wipe clean and apply a little oil or pomade. SiLVERClucE.--Oii- a half cup cuivof butter, teaspoonful of soda in dissolved half teacupful milk, whites of five eggs, th teispoonful cream tartar mixed in two cups of flour. Yolks of the eggs and the same ingredients make gold cake, r Season tho silver cake with poach and the gold with lemon. car-Inma- -- te of-aucr- ar, one-four- th ree-fourt- hs -- cle. lin: mouth is well rinsed with a of tho solution of the chloride: in a t umbler of water, the bad odor of tho teeth will be re- ballais That ever were sung or said For ye are living poems, 1 : jured, will bo benefitted by tho medicine. If. necessary this "may be repeated at noon. In some cases tho odor from carious" teeth is combined with tliat of the .stomach, if the For, what are all man's contriving, And the wisdom of his books, When compared with your caresses,... And the gladness of your looks? Ye are better than all - ' ! And whisper in my ear What the birds and winds are In your tunny atmosphere. ns manner. Besides the iinnrovement in tho bread, tho flour barrel hold.f out ihucU longer and health Is promoted. Put about one part of corn to threo iarts of flour when setting tho sponge." To Remove ax Offensive Beeatii. From gix to ten drops of tho concentrated solution of chloride of vdi in a wino glass full of puro spring water, taken immediately after tho ablutions of the morning aro completed, will sweeten tho breath by disinfecting tho fctomach, which, far from being in That to the world are children ; Through them it feels the glow Of a brighter and sunnier climato - Than reaches the trunks below Come to me, O ye children flat-iro- Tdinglhorfld What the leaves are to the forest, With light and air for food, Ere their sweet and tender juices I utterly-'i- s' thejjaciUnindrmKt-l;lIrU0(l- j bv the g REARIXO OF CHILDREN. How rj to Work an love of industry cannot bo inculcated in the mind too earl v. X. W., writing to the "American Agriculturist," says, "Housekeepers will find it a great convenience to have two wash boilers oh washing day, one to reheat the suds in, and the other and larger one to con- -' tain tho boiled clothes. It is as handy as : Loses pawzt to pare, ; --i on ironing day." Every j one who has tried it know tins to bo the j HINTS TO CARELESS WIVES. kiF V7ra:k ward in learning carelessness and untidiness of their wives ! do those of a woman and ihol Let the wile reflect that upon her conduct plenty of " sooaTZiT:" hainlsritcvera ; " -- IJometlralhtoo V'hen- thy grateful , u s j M Japanese Cement, or Rice Glue. In- timately mix tho best powdered rice with a littlo cold water ; then gradually add boiling water until a proper consistence is obtained, being particularly careful to keep - it well stirred all the while; lastly, it must bo boiled for one minute in a clean saucepan or earthen pipkin. This gluo is beautifully white and almost transparent, for which reason it is well adapted for fancy paper work, which requires a strong and colorless cement. and disposition depend the happiness of a man's home-lifDespair and recklessness have often been planted in a man's heart by the slovenly dress and cheerless hearth, the sour looks and shilling, discontent, which await him where he might to find the light of love a ml the glow of domestic enjoyment, in all her trials the. wife should earnestly endeavor to make for her husband and household a happy and comfortable home : and she will find at all times that a kindlv wel come, and the "soft answer that turneth awa y wratIi,!Ucombined with a cheerful j?m i le, will go a long way toward-securin- g for, .herself ancl theTttatmestie ffelicltyJ which houId le tho aim and ambition of V'i-S'- -' lier life. p e. -- ' ypur soften almost uing-sueh- Ta tho hardest and most selfish heart, and shoAvilL find that she can be a source of peaco and sunshine to all around her. A. V. r Franklin. ; , THE PRESS. The following is from a speech delivered, by l)r. Chapin "I : lovo to hear the rum- bling of the steam power press better tlian the rattle and roar of artillery. It is silently attacking and vanquishing the Malakoffs of vice and the Redans of evil : and its parallels and approaehcs cannot be resisted. I like the click of the typo in the composing stick of the compositor better than the click of the musket in the hands of a soldier. It bears a leaden niessage'of deadly power, of sublime force, and of surer aim, .which will hit its mark, though it is a thousand miles ahead." LHvES AND DISLIKES. It son i at . so easy to form an opinion of a perfirst sight that we often do so, almost without knowing it. Even a theatrical performer will imr)ress the audience with cither a favorable or an unfavorable sentiment upon first appearance. Very frequent chan- ges occur in our minds in relation to these things. We may first sco an actor represent a mean, low, drunken character, which' so disgusts us that we can scarcely help feeling an absolute dislike for the man who can so well and naturally personify so degraded a , creature. But when he plays " Claude or "Matthew Bates," and does it well, we are apt to think he must possess some nobleness of soul or he could not so well display it, even on the stage. Yet in either case the impression created may be erroneous. The likes and dislikes which we form of individuals passing to and fro on the great stage of life, are just as liable to be wrong as are those formed of the different casts in a play. AVc may be fairly dazzled at times -- Mel-notte- ," humwith a smooth-tonguebug, and ruthlessly slight "a real, genuine, V noble man. fine-lookin- d, g " Col. Horace Scott, Superintendent of the road, owns a dog that "sits touches the keys with upon a piano-stoo- l, the finest precision, rattles off Shoo Fly' and other pieces scicntifically with hi3 feet upon the Keys, and imitates a song with a howl that undergoes all the musical inflictions." We decline to believe that while stories to resurrect there are anp and tackle to. Jeffertonville eea-serpe- nt t! -- 7 