i 28 of; so Cincinnati Convention, is said' to have leen use .should be very sparingly. partaken with watermelons or anything calculated to named Horace Greeley Cu minings for laxity and constipation Tho negro population o&i lias de- - Hugo Von, Mohl, the greatest . botanist of relax the system; an Infant t h e ( lay, (lied; recent ly at Tu hi ngeli,- -i n' His arerfUialldangerous.-Ji'OT-uur- se crease :$ per cent, i n the decade I Tom I nor to 1870 At Long Branch, a grand fair is year...... fVJiy women can- when the body, is' overheated is Injurious, to be held this 3ummer, Jbr tho. benefit of not be turned into men," is the1 title of a can it be done without evil results to the babe. or highly ; Cut new work, publislietl in the French Liberation Fund jngianu...... en And the eating ot much pastry worms are destroying the imported Havana gagement bracelets, placed by the intended seasoned food is also productive of injury and tobacco, now growing in Connecticut...... husband on the lady's arms and locked !y a often of serious "consequences. A regular and The Alabama State Democratic convention small gold key, is the latest-- ' novelty. tenii)erate. diet, exercising care notto partake r of largest-eveRobert Revr hichnct Jttneth,vas the Chicago, speaking; too freelv of any thing wlncli is not ordinarily Collyer, held in the .State.. ..,rhearmual reduction of the '"social .evil,"' says', that one of the meit i3be.4 for the preservation of health for of '"tariff duties, taxes and interest by the chief duties with Us all is to urge young peo- - anaiKtinore'particula7ly inir act of the Congress lately adjourned, it is pie to get married...... Of fifty candidates A s , a i )ften fafal mistake made by many, examtotton-fth- r A estimated, amounts to S"lj820,70r. an(i growin" out of maternal .'fondness, is, the are reported dying in Apothecaries Society of London, a few days olVnurcn any kind of focxl that may-b- e : wereClark Co., Alabama, from an unknown dis since, only tweiity-seve- n successful givinf, a desire. A ease... Mnsoula county M. T., it is said, will two oHhem laclies, Mrs :Hei Iwson j t table forwhich they express ask or . , . produce: more grain this, season, bv one and" 3Hss Alice Rowland.. ....Women in Bomethuof,vhiclie ri.n spa hal f. than- - i t ever d id be foret: A" v isi torto Au,tria perfonn the duties of bricklayers JPf? ng "tJie;Cha rleston, HassjichusettsJtato orison an(l may beseeil-earryihods lndderR.-- f Iwisll W gratified..-Ia- y brh.t .nv-h- ih reported that eight On t of everteiCof the nmi l u ;';pTisuneistIuT(dii;'(mfmed ?acLMm.o,:tMS ThehloTrthaOEoi M'me. Longfellowi' eiime in ibreihost at thei end Mterl directly or indirectly by liquor SPLINTERS. sixty-seven- th ' ' -- Hvho-pass(Kl-t- he---ts. tle groat-iminyAeat- - f . ' 1 of-mor- ter. damage recently brought against iejiott;fi)rpeTfo of her husljaiul... Trees have" been found in Australia taller than those of California, though not so lnrge..T.Charles Reade lias five libel suits on hand against English journalists, for criticisms of his new play, .In Swi tzerland, When a - becomes prisonvacant, a whiter 11a or i Jioi.sted on its towers to apprize the w orld of the fact. Such a standard now waves over the Mrs. Stevens, says the jail at on tiers habit of living in hotels and Harding-houses- , and eating at restaurants, is one of the bad features of Cali forma i i e ; there are too few iiumvr, uuu lulu is iih reason wny tKie.ty is i0 demoralized.... .. Jt is stated. of a nrmni- Inciit li dl i fa ry jffmemM hat-- "h is--s wonl was never drawn but once and that Avas in a raflle", . . .flic scheme of excavati nga railroad tunnel under the Straits of Dover, to con-n:- :t England ami France, luis been aban doned on account of the expense and engineering diDlcultiM.".....Mrs. Lattimcr,' of the Pacific Coast convention mana ages farm of over one thousand acres and iiiaivcs ii paying institution of it...... A fine hilly-HhTil- ly. 1 l j1 4 il - oHirbrstriggl thought to represehifc the lowers of 15,000 j what is tlie matfcT with :it; the disease con- lungs. .....All the newspapers in Lima, ex tinues and before proper remedies tire: apjilied 7 cept the "Times," have been arbitanly sup- - j it has seizetl fatal hold of its victim and another pressetl and their special editors arrested.... little grayeis filled, vhile a -- weepingjnother V large body of the Arizona Apaches have murmer1igainst Providence for robbing her of been niaking araid into Sonora, killing and herbabe;! 7 .'. destroying without niercy. MothpwAi Win sorrow, that this is too often the case.: And many a child, whose bones ' Q 1? YPO VPXTTi are now mingling with the dustr might have T TI V AVOWAL O XiAl UlJill 1 ; been UUaUAA iniJ toiay iri tne possession of life and vigor- ous health had proper care been taken in the r.orisi: cji:ki:xe, tuior. matter of diet. Think of it, now that Summer ; 1 ' ' . . Published semi-monthl- y, is here. "f eras: in Salt Lake City, Utah, One eTy ono year, S2; one copy, six months, 81. Ten copies fur the price Lmne. Advertising rates; Each square, eight linos of nonpareil space, onetime, 82; per month, $3. eaiujDturvj!atLersiJiuiJenerai Agents, Salt liko City. Address all on?incss communications to tastimple ' : OIORMON WOMEX." streetr An extract fromJtie San FrariciscpJ4PioneerV rubhsherd under the above title, and comments on it by u ts'd Expoxk.xt, Salt Lake City, Utah. lady of this city, will .be found elsewhere in this number. The editor of the "Pioneer" SALT LAKE'CmV JULY 15, 1872. evidently desires to be deceived relative to the sentiments of the "intelligent women of Utah," those women who have proved their inSUMMER MORTALITY. telligence as organizers and with men whose troubles and privationa For some seasons past an unusual mortality along they have shared and in w'hose prosperity they v & r J Iis-- f SIone , ;" ; VriaImiC rartiepate. There are no peo pie so difficult 40 r," v ' ron or ' w.ticvt m ivuumciiy, ine line iiiKleeeiveandflqthpv-ivhnflrthe selfKleceiveclhd n iiu iV r xi famiy rauroaii vAm5wu satisfied with their : assumed JcnoJ$edge. ber:' and occasionally continuinsr throueh Oeto- - L.. TTiiifiwl . foreieuer. t vrif iiu' nbniif ho V MilVU IJia I i"Vt rwAW J I'll t iU'lVvl be assured mat tne 4,ior- AMU may calls this country "theland of school houses " At one time it has appearetl as diptheria: mon women" have since beenhvaked "up ......Jersey City is threatened with water at another as scarlet fever; but more generally to a full realization long of their grave situation," famine.. .... Mrs. Fisk will erect a So0,000 the fatal disease has taken the form of an and solid reasons have for holding thatits editor monument over her deceased husband...... epedemic liowel complaint, and the little and those in whose agitation she so manifestly ' i rmco redrick Charles, it is s;iid, designs victims to it have had the causes of their death sympathizes, would do well to pass through a r visiting the United States next month...... variously reported as teeth- similar process pf "awaking up;" for the con- Bryant, Longlcliow, Homes, Saxe " and inl and dition of women the world over is far from Lowell are all rich men. PneirvAtui ivx-n. . , , n.i.i,....-.-m - .k.. i tmuuui , eonie inus period- - . u n , , , vfc i ijy iiiis muiiamy longer inseparable 111 1, .7 0Ilen vnauigea in realist would it be greatly h!.nfwi,i,i, Q. But we desire to let this matter be by others of the "Mormon women" of pt hf r nvpr thAir ntm filtmolnrAa to miasmatic vapors arising from stagnant wa- - La 71: Chapel, had his head split onen wf th near ter the tchet inthehaudsofThamasBond. use: s Reasons again to other causey But while the Can Thompson kissed Bond's sweetheart. Of and on the subject mcis and psent source of morialitv thelGO member nf ih sat the not is isfnrtnrtu, " " PniM, Wch the editor of the "Pioneer" would profit derstood, there is little doubt that much sick Society, si are Americans... ...The miners near the Cape of Good Hope have al- - nessandmahy deaths maybe prevented by moth' by carefully considering and studying. ready sent to Europe and sold S7,o00,000 ers exercising due care in observing the laws of JThe columns of the Exponent are open to the "Mormon Women" that they may express worth of diamonds.... ..Mrs. Abbie ftr health. A recrular eondi t f nn nf Witr i themselves freely on this and other matters in lUchardson will probably accept thechairof "iy to the preservation of liealth, and "this is which they have been abundantly misrepre Imnois ?ore .especiaUy.so .during the latter part of tC?k : sented. '' ttummer fllld early Autum, when-th- e 'v i TTfourt of-- system is relaxed and more oK less human I in K Jfnrn !?? 41," o 1,1.1 enervated flV S 4 TTTTTT V locf o mnoilinfy lecturo within aix mon tney eat and inS election. As the women of Utah possess : be lighted with irn , The (ir Nevada, will 77 desire the they infants that draw sus- - the suffrage, we shall treat at greater length" layir.g of the pipe has them t0 d hcalth- - JFruition the nominees next issnp fhnn ttp itnv enJoy The iirt new Ixabv in Zhc .ince the or vegetables which they are unaccustomed to space to do now. as.soc-iation- o.u ? colony-founde- rs x-e- e 1 K - I ' v I I i i ! I cholera-infautu- bowel-complai- rk LSI 1 JL m, nt. J ano I mui ,Jf ei,..J ,v,r.f ' vLil,1.110 - rX? canser rr A Lm, ; t ' ti-- o l?-1ua- i 1 t 9 , A 