I WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - - ' I . 0 FECIAL TO THE LADIES. - -- - - - -- -- 4 TADIES! -- r I : : Go to Taylor & Cutler's for Dress Goods, No to the attention yfQ would respectfully call your tions, etc'' Also the Cheapest Store for Family Gro ceries in town. Call and see. fact, that we have one of the Largest and best Stocks ,.- - ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. of Ladies'; Misses' and Children's FURS in Sets," as X also Capes and Collars (separate), that will be found injhis City. - Also a large assortment of Fine Shoes of Philadelphia and California make. The women of Utah occupy a position which attracts the attention of intelligent thinking men and women everywhere. They are engaged in the prac tical solution of some of the greatest social and moral protlems of the age, and a powerful interest is mani- fested throughout the United States, and," it may be said, the entire civilized world, to learn from reliable sources the views honestly entertained, by thenvoa ... these questions. . to-d- ay The above goods we will sell at the lowest possible PriCe DUNFORD& SONS, . , Salt Lake City. DIt. W. II. - GROVES, " : - DENTIST, JOHNSON'S Office Second South Street, Throe doors west of Great Western Hotel, half a blocfc east or .aiepnaiu 1 1 StorerSalt Lake City. Office Hoursfroin 9 . . HOMEMADE FAMILY MEDICINES . I Warranted to be Better than the Best Im to 5 p.m. portedand Give Ample Satisfaction. T7URNISII YOUR HOMES. BONESET PILLS. Purely vegetable. They advise the Ladies.who want to buy fine Sets of furniture to' call and cleanse and purify the blood, stomach and bowels. Parlor and Bed-rooAct powerfully upon the liver, kidneys and urinary examine the immense stock kept by- organs; Break up fevers," strengthen digestion and ", H. DINWOODEY, bring the rosy hue of health to faces emaciated. Are tonic, cathartic, stimulant, and soothe, by removing At No. 31, East Temple Street, and Noi 75, First the cause of disease. Are safe and harmless in all South Street. cases where cathartics are required, for either sex, for young1 or old. Try them fairly, and you will never & PATTERSON, use any more imported pills. Price 25 cents. . QAMPBELL I would m " -- Dealers in Books, Stationery and Newspapers, . East Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ., Orders from the country solicited. Liberal discount to Sunday school Libraries. General Agents for Woman's Exponent. A PltlZEI ' : Mora of the Singer are sold than of any other Machine. Call and see them at the Singer Sewing Machine Department, two doers south of Eagle , Emporium, Salt Lake City. Z. C. M. I. General Agents. 2 C. - - M. " "'-v- v- ' ' I. Retail Dry Goods Department. We are constantly in the receipt of all Seasonable, ulcers, sores, commenced. drooping eyelids,, inflamed eyes,-ol- d hands, etc ringworm, tetters, cracked or sore lips, ' r Price 25 cents. The aim of thi3 journal will be to discuss every CON KLIN SALVE. Tor pains or weakness in subject interesting and valuable to women.' It will the side, back, breast, or other parts of the system, contain a brief and graphic summary of current news ocal and general, household hints, educational mat- cuts, wounds, sores, etc Price 25 cents. ters, articles on neaitu ana dress, corresponaence, ESSENCE OF LIFE cures cholera, diarrhea, editorials on leading topics of interest suitable to its summer complaints, coughs cholics, toothache, and columns and miscellaneous reading. . many other ills. Price 50 cents. It will aim to defend the right, inculcate sound These medicines are for sale, wholesale and' retail, at principles, and disseminate useful knowledge. ZION'S DRUG STORE, Utah, in its Female Belief Societies, has the best Salt Lake City, and at most of the stores organized benevolent institution of the agej yet; but the hroughout Territory. labors of these ittle is known of the If not kept in your stores, ask your merchants to Societies. In Woman's Exponent a department will be devoted to reports of their meetings and other send for them. , matters of interest connected with their workings ; stores throughout the Territory fur and to this jend the Presidents; and Secretaries of the ;, nished on commission, or sold at rates advantageous various Societies throughout the Territory are reo purchasers. quested to furnish communications which will receive attention. AGENTS are authorized to refund the money, due Miss Eliza R Snow, President of the entire Female where the medicines do hot give satisfaction, and Belief Societies, cordially approves of the journal. distribute to the poor needing the pills at expense of and will be a contributor to it as she has leisure from he proprietor of amount disposed of. her numerous duties. co-opera-tive self-sacrifici- v : ng Co-operat- ive one-twelf- th Fashionable, Dress Goods, Suitable for the great va - are so well able to speak for the women of Utah as the women of Utah themselves ? " It is bet- er to represent ourselves than, to be misrepresented by others 1" "VVho For these reasons, and that women may help 6ach other by the diffusion of knowledge and Information possessed by many and suitable to all, the publication of nWoman's Exponent, a journal owned by, EYE BALSAM. - For dimness cf vision, weak or controlled by and edited by Utah ladies, has been From the Laboratory of riety of our Patrons. They have been grossly misiepresented through the press, by active enemies who permitno opportu-- : nity to pass of maligning andslandering them x and with but limited opportunity of appealing to the intelligence and candor of their fellow countrymen and il i countrywomen in reply. .. ... - Should bo in every h ousel The SINGER SEWING MACHINE! "Will do the most delicate and elegant, as well as the strongest or plainest, sewing, in a style unequalled by any other Machine. Beceived the first Its diploma at the Territorial Fair, in October last. adof an is attachment general object Embroidery miration.'' A UTAH LADIES JOURNAL. J. E. JOHNSON, r St George, Utah. - Womau s Exponent will be published semi monthly, each number containing eight pages, quarto. The following low rates will place it within the reach of all, and the hope is that it may be made so valuable that it will be found inevery family in. " "We continue to manufacture the. Celebrated . ' Utah. " ' . . . TERMS. Strictlr in Advance: 1 Conv ctr mnnfYia. 1 CoDV One Tear. fih 52.0(1 L0 Copies on 10 Copies eix months.' 0.00 year, 18.00 ' . 1 SALT LAKE GLOVES. No subscription received for less than six months. It is earnestly desired that the Bishops, Presidents of Female Belief Societies" and others interested in a, work of this kind, will interest themselves in getting up clubs; ten copies for the price of nine. Children's Hosiery, Shoes, and Glove?, a specialty. Whilo wo carry a fine stock of the elegant fabrics of the day, yet the grand staples; sueh as Domestics, Checks, Stripes, Denimsyetc, are offered at the est possible figure H. B. ; . low- CLAWSON, Sup't. WALLACE Has the best, largest and purest stock of confec tionary in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies to purchase. - Address all communications and subscriptions, Publishers WoMAK'sxroNENT, Salt Lake City, 7 - .;: Utah. : ;-.- 