f W OM A N'S E XP O KENT. 90 FOR the ExrosKXT. "A . MOTHER'S RESIGNATION. Oh, rare, pale image ! wrought in priceless clay;. Of faultless outline, wearing matchless grace: Whose broad, fair brow where mind held kingly sway, VV ell crowded the beauty of the tender face, Small fingers, clasping flowers pale and sweet-P- air emblems of the dear one's brief, bright stay J head to slender feet, All, all, from . gold-crown- ed More precious are than pearls, Ihough only clay. For oh, this empty casket held a soul Most grand, yet genjtle, noble, good and brave; And that shall live while endless ges roll, word Female from the name of the Society, as suggested by Sister E. R. Snow, which was unanimous. Monthly meeting adjourned till the first Monday in December. Benediction by Mrs. !NV A. Noble. ; Mrs. Jane S. Coleman, Secretary. -- T 1 t from Marriott and Lynn settlements were present. I'rayer offered by Sister Bicking-to- n. Singing "We thank thee, O God, for a Prophet." Sisters Bickington, Baird and Tracy addressed the meeting. President J. S. Richards spoke of the faithfulness and untiring diligence of Sister Snow. Considered her pattern for us all. She was pleased with Farmington, Oct. 25th, 1872. the interest and anxiety manifested by. the Editor Woman's Exponent: In Compliance with the request from sisters to do good. Sister Mitchell from S. Sister Snow, to forward the proceedings of our first meeting after seeing her notice, this dear in must moulder the grave. send the following. At our last meeting we Though clay The glad, young soul, buoyant, pure and bright, aILfelt-to-coneide -- with- Sister Snowv and i jvawtau tne witcfling waysta childhood known Those clear, deep ey es, truth's crystal mirrors, light the vote was unanimous to drop the word Jl "Female" from the name of our Society. worm, witn ciouas now overDiown, io more mis We had a very good and interesting The world rolls on with all its devious ways, meeting, the subject under consideration Its cruel pitfalls, tempests, snare3 and thorns, And struggling spulswho. fixlheirfainting gaze Upon the goal, beyond the strife and storms. the mothers the necessity of trying to cure Temptations still entrap unwary feet. that spirit of fashion which exists among And rushing floods engulf, and lions roar, the young daughters of Zion, at the present JlndJ,reacheryjBtings, still yawns' the gulf deceit, 1 L. City said she appreciated Sister Snow, had often had the privilege of listening to her wrise counsel and been thereby. J)lessed and edified. Further remarks were made by J. S. Richards and Counselor II. C. Brown. Sincere feelings of love and respect for Sister Snow, and blessings on her, were warmly and generally expressed Meeting adjouraei&3 Frodsham. -- And ; chasms the bridge that faith can scarce span oert Oh favored son! whope white and tender feet Were not the flinty paths to tread, And bleed and blister ?nid the dust and heat, While thorny chaplet crowned the martyr head," --Tbott weTt mdmittcd through a pearly door Where dewy flowers instead of serpents twine; Temptation lurks in wait forthee no more. For now, beloved on e, thou art God's and mine. fore-doom- ed Then go, my saint, and for thy mother pray, Whose torn and bleeding heart beats faintly on, And aches so yearningly thy head to lay Upon her breast, thy heart against her own is strong For flesh is weak; but mother-lov- e And deep laid as the everlasting hills; .J I'd not recall thee, lest I'd d thee wrong To wish thee subject to life's fearful ills- .- tim- , e- WiLLARD, Nov. 3, 1872. Editor Woman's Exponent.- - Our Society was organized the 25th o f a reader of the Exponent, anx iously watch for its coming, and am glad to April 1808, and since that time has been the means of doing much good, in feeding the see it improving,; S. J. Holme, President. hungry, clothing the poor, and administering to the sick. Our President, Sister Mary From Mrs. Emily L. Ilepworth, Secretary Ann Hubbard, is a woman full of faith and of the F. It. Society of Oxford, Cache County, good works, and is ably assisted by her we reeeivea lengthy report of a meeting held Counselors, Sicters Ilellen C. Wood and Mary at that place on the 22nd of October. Mrs. Harding. The sisters :are united and feel 31. A. Boice,r who has been the- President- of well, always willing to assist in anything he Society for three years since its organi that is. required of them. At a Sewing zation on account of her age and her many Meeting, held on Thursday, Oct. 31st, the motion was carried to drop the word Female responsibilities aside from those-entailname of the Relief Society." I through her position in the Society, in from the accordance with the advice off her husband, pray tnat tne JLora win oiess tne enaeavors all in their desire to do presented her resignation 16 "the sisters. A of .1 am - ed While here, I longed to see thee conquer wrong And champion virtue, strong in honor's might; But oh ! how many a dear and gifted son Hannah Cook, Secretary. Has failed to win the battle all mut fight very humble, pleasant spirit characterized Thou might's'have won the victor's deathless crown her resignation, and she blessed the sisters, And gained thy God's serene, approving smile, to continue one with them and to A very brief report from Mrs. Sarah H. But, fearful thought! thou might'st have faltered desiring do all in her power to assist in sustaining and Crosbey, Hebron, Washington Co. f shows down of the Relief 'Society that a Tho depths of sin, ensnared by cunning guilcT strengthening the Latter-day-wor- E! .. .. Kindly in that settlement, took place on the 19tli ult, that a working meeting was held on the 2nd inst., and that the Society is a small but k. I fear not worldy pride may win thee now, Nor guile betray, nor flames of guilt devour; No passions vile e'er bend thy sinless brow, Nor deadly foes assail thee every hour. (iod's Will is wiser than our frail rlpsirs Ilis mercy tenderer than our purest lover And 1 can yield to this since He requires, And name thee now, "My waiting saint above." -- Lu Dalton. F. It. SOCIETY REPORTS. Smitiifield, Cache Co., Nov. 8th, 1872. Editor Exponent: We held our Monthly meeting on the 4th int., of which I send you a very brief . "0 God the spring of upon,-tho-sam- -- he-vaca- ncy Reports of two meetings held in Ogden, the 17th, the other onthc 22nd of Oct. The first was the regular meeting of the Relief Society. Called to order by President Mrs. J. S. Richards; prayer by Mrs. Martha Bingham. The minutes of the two preceding meetings were read by the eeretaryand acecepted. oisier xvicnarus maae renmrKS. ftne was pleased with the carpet which had been made by the Society, it had received much praise both here and at Salt Lake City: She had enjoyed herself much at Conference, had visited and been instructed by Sister Snow. Thq motion was made and seconded that we leave off the prefixture of Female from the name of the Society. Carried unanimously. An article concerning the imme, was read by sister II. C. Brown from the Exponent. Remarks were made by Martha Bingham, Sarah Herrickand A. M. Frodsham. An especial meeting was appointed for the following Tuesday, at, which, Sister E. Rr Snow, her example as a faithful and energetic Saint and one on semi-month- ly Meeting was opened by singing all my joys:" prayer offered by Coucselor Mrs. Mary Ainsjough: minutes of previous meeting were read and President E. T. Morehead then accepted. addressed the meeting, encouraging the sisters' to be zealous in good works. Spoke at some length upon Ssbbath schools, and the great blessings accruing therefrom to the rising generation, felt deeply interested in that laudable work; exhorted mothers to have their .children; in- attendance at proper time, made "reference to what the Ilyrum F. R. Society had clone in behalf of the Sabbath School in that settlement, which was highly commendable. Counselor Mary e Ainscough spoke subject; and upon the training of our children, urging the necessity of setting an examplo her jonmey to Jerubefore them worthy of imitation," etc. Mrs. salem were to approaching be topics for consideration. J. Grant spoke on the principle of the Secretary A. M. Frodsham requested the Gospel and tho Messing received in yielding sijters tqsubscribe for the Exponent, and pbediencathereto.-- was dismissed by Sister Richards. Some articles were read from the "W- meeting Oct. 22. oman's Exponent which we prize very ..The sifters met according to adjournment, highly. A vote was taken tliat We drop the sister J. Richards presiding. Several sisters synopsis: 1 feelings were expressed and thanks offered to Sister Boice, for the good she had done in the Society. Her resignation was accepted, and on motion of Bishop George Lake, Mrs. Sarah Cordon was chosen and sustained, by a unanimous vote,to-fili- -t thus made. Sister Boice expressed warm wishes for the success of the Exponent. -- -- prosperous one. ' - . , A Wisconsin man lent his cook a $150 watch to know when to get his dinner, and hasn't seen the cook or time-piec- e since. The Washington clergymen are protest ing against Sunday funerals, and doctors are requested to regulate demises accordingly. While the population of Russia has in creased five fold in the last century and a half, that of the United States has increased forty fold. A California paper says that during a recent earthquake in that State a man made an involuntary exchange of his farm for a fish pond. -- Therit are four lady students in Middle-tow- n College, members of the freshman class. Three of them had previously been repulsed at Amherst. Mrs. the well known is reader, thought by some connoisseurs the best quite living interpreter of characters in which the elements of tenderness, pity and woe are conspicuous. She was born in India, in 1844. Her father died when she was quite young;: then her mother returned to England,-an-d afterward went to Germany to educate her two precious daughters. She first appeared as an amateur actor in a private dramatic entertain- ment, when only eleven years old, and filled all who saw her performance with wronder at Scott-Siddon- s, . her talent'and promise. She was trained for the stage, made her debut in London, in 1867, and gave her first reading in this country at Newport, in 18C8. Since her first appearance before the public, she has filled a leading place in the histrionic profession. - I 