CO WOMAN'S EXPONENT ' meeting on May ,23rd, (public ami splcn- - J - the most favorable impression. and received I ... . IT mucn aiis. n.upci now notices. press in her syndicate Utmay have said aliout.it ters, I do not know. From T,he labile I went t Pari- - and attended the befit organized International I have ever witnessed, entirely Congress under the leadership of the French council. Thence I came on June KHh to Vienna for a Suffrage Congress of time days ;'md thence on June 14th to Ihidapct. Of all the marvels of this summer's meeting the have told von. press at home "will surely left Hudapest on June 23rd. and with the both at exception of two visits in Hungary, the castleof Count Aim onyi, have, been m T have' had much s,,;i:d Vienna. Although of .work. have enjoyment in the interstices been' here for work as a result four big review articles and one three column syndicate letter have gone back to our, country, fall under ,ome or all of which will. hope, your vision. And' now to our own council. Its triennial will be held in Purl Huron between Oct. "that and Xov. 15. It is indeed important and vour societies, both of tlkin. be. finely all the .lclcgates fully represented there by and' the alternates to which you are entitled. 'Council assure von, mv friend, our great ot the Idea" which meanslhe nationalisation arid the womanhood of our own country, internationalization of the women ot the. its asworld, has faced . and does lace desassins in those who should J)e its loyal fenders and preservers. to rePort Huron is our last opportunity and start vive our council, lift it to its feet . , L.t cnlnndid race which it ran it again uu mat n l.SSS t with courage and wisdom Iro until 1898. continued honestly but feebly 1 1 prepared and read by Sister Parker at the annual conference of the Relief Society nf the ( j;dcn stake, July Vh , i n 1 "With all thy ettin j rri UU Mows WltllOllt frOUl re-fer- Sometimes one has felt the impulse to Ih- awav and leave it all for very weariness, indeed it has sonutimes been positively b. have change and activity of our a dormant faculties. A thoughtless word, careless act from some loved one lias men tension and enough to break the nervous nertlee we must or collapse. Too much vous strain, too little variety, overtaxation of the physical, starvation ot the mental and condition when spiritual, 'oh what a pitiful in her own a mother feels like a prisoner the h,,nie, (loomed to a life of drudgery, ",,v same routine uuy - nec-essa- ri v,,r.;'n.r nml Obstetrics, said: nleased to draw attention to thi tor ,t ...,.,.v o viirli r1:ises .i fact i e.. tne exisieiK'. am-n-- ..i is jjreat need we realize that there for nurses and iunl- 4.r-.11ne mo llie .mw....; .u a wives. The Relief Soaetv espea " " which they hn.l my ,auv calls do IK t aK O... lK..r;,ir rlnssfs unable to pay . r clmritv work but fee ua...v hirh prices ot the nos niai benefit to every ;a n rreat of physiol-- i t,, have soine knowledge to be an ;,, f:irt in order , orv aiu i nu'on. ' .nrrr.sful mother such "W,,. I aild am . :. ,mi...i,i.viimteueuL . i nr " l :, I 1 . I behove loyal council woman. I know she s be a good standard hearer. her to be per cell) courageous and I believe also of Dr. honest. I think very highly rv we know whereof I speak, understand bv what we suffer. I had been in some form of class work all my me umu to the organiza- previous about four .years i i..r.',wr tint fniir i tion ot the Wguen miikc. wu....b t ..,. have often gone out into the night years were asleep, feeling that my after mv family ., i u icncr .i life was worth notning um as a before Sometimes I would walk and walk calm. my pent feelings grew sad heart became nguu-iWith each step my ' Tofnr'c bnimc ....All. Li e s turmoil to uuiru , skters. v I ... year. . . y so. - that from within, still retain a vitality Miller sure can be revival. I know Mrs. she would 1 t spiritual We are pleased to announce me . the Relict Neietv MirMhave secured Presidency and ('.eiieral Hoard C. Roberts to the servico ,,f Dr. Margaret to urge he physician instructor, and desire ,.! "the officers of the Rebel Society 'take mains matthroughout the Church to lot curing ter immediately with the view instrucot this course vounir women to take the tion aiid training;in order to acquire profession of nursing. About one vear ago the elates m editorially to Dr. Roberts' . ' undersjandin. InU'lli--iiu- e and children. We have been deprived of this in a tfrcat measure bv oiir too close application to the cares and responsibilities t)f family and home. At times xe have chafed under it; while knowing that home should be the most sacred sj)ot on earth, yet we were lacking in to make-iand intellectual sr-n;- th RELIEF SOCIETY NURSE SCHOOL. . et intellienc:e." and education is the harmonious development of all our powers. As ordinarily Used it is the development and cultivation of our intellectual powers. The daughters of .ion, the. mothers in Israel have' 'lorn; hungered and thirsted for that mental and spiritual exercise that will husbands lnlp us to keep pace with our alas. Kxi-oxi-xt- -- The Clory of ('.od-i- s is 'education, ' lr - l'. 1 1 1 in-cyi- A jiajKT - - 1 ( 1 .it- i had told her of my intended ienna. letter to ou. i'his h.l to her commenting on the elders otir. Church whom she lias nut here, iiid thinking that' it would of a po- please you to h ar from a ieimle nouncetl nil, uch tavoiahie e 'inuu ait .1 ladlv rein at 'it here to oii. l.e time is rue for the, whole world t work for purit) and for aunty me. iLar l'riv ud. continue to pray to i'h-asgive mv affectionate greeting Mrs. (iate-- . Miv Richards. all my friends in oiir circle, and believe me Your telVcli" 'ljate friend, May Wkioh i Si.w.u in I I'- 1 THE VALUE OF OUR CLASS WORK. Christian Scientist, ha, been much impressed with the character and ability of the men. wUoin siu- ua ma souirr is a .... , a e ac frossarv. arc other splenf'l ,TC IS H i.wtiiui Bower, and of course there to... returned to my home, found it brighter, iiiuv .is- " did women, but they .must be brought womon t0 l?kc ' r '""or sincere conference. Every with health, plenty, quiet and love gether foe honest, Filled nates with its ,...T..i,,i, nf ,rm and present society must be present A . different . delI knew that love and' commence iui i. . ...7., nu.. nrnriii'inff- in in fullota, and among the nine we KoJjerts eiassi. and t ; filled every heart. I thanked the Lord lor. etes and the nine alternates to winch c- bcalities with admirable successbenefited b and took up my work of lov-scv .rreat blessings every my next May, Rome in ?re entitled out r.nrPWMlted 1.1 . .... .1 . . service again, but 1 could not drive services of these the obtain iug Idns to snuum able tion of the country re heart the yearning for association the of For women. my m other rnnnrr as every , -""s emticui yours as well ioi i.iav Idea with" others, tile of Council r,, Poard nnera the T, of? . which uiw 1 lie 1 'residency vival and restoration activities broader for ts the craving r 'for its ideal of national service; for i ; oT satisfied only when 1 was caueu lo.u,-lSwere its for ocnsinp . Ke- on of social effort; class work department of the God P.rst t es,u. the in intention shall these al scattered forces; for work at Port y j oh great Relief Society hef Society. willing stand and ui and ,u. piemy yes It means work, i.. , to work there, vve . aenvuy. be opportunity of doing the to pres glorious one oh, but , regardhiformation every to .,i;;nfr get Ar?rtoA work alon? lines cromg there , sent to the active, eiivcmc, been . . . . . . tins noo v. ; d th tnat nave utu " v officers ot au.iuc ." ctcinl ;i -Routine; work that exeru, w so long that urgea ; flormant vvnicn s,iicm,it l,in respectfully .i... : answer: the tWs work. aif . for share the responsiDiiuy nave consc iu.uvi.v.v . time to face . n au i hn nv that between now and the inan) h I have not until now had; S? V' . - , - 1 - . V. - -- ;- - tlic-pinin- I g x um-fic- at SngUi, . ek J '"V.v th&rieties nd to heal and to Dinu Dy aCU up- bocietyf ioi - itc irnesi - r. n ... v -h- o u.u Residents; from whom - .nrproba yhear luvv-i- i -. . ' i- . . ymte , ; t heSCDOW vis a v .. - p.ease ipf pverv society) . righf tis.w-- f, 7 ..t vi nMcrrn itiiii'iii' i..aro'Useu nueresi u tn to nae , ... reprelentSives to attend the Nnrsec.ioo,. r I I . Schr. "v-""- " . faces of the sisters ;.me ucsuv , , rts heart . in T , and - svm- - 