Exponent OMA! Jltr Onan of V..I.. 41. ( " nt Esther's Sweetheart 'Nursing and Society Reports: i'.ox Elder Stake Mui'la Stake I in --; Oh-tetri- ( c- ,. I llu-r) .':trial ' ! i "- ; there, and uch -- hy Idols n-- '"And that 4a- Alice, the be-- t we were informed, and cvrtamly. ocity. if wealth and extravagance are tli standd ard- b which the 'hc-- t oeietv' it mu-- t have been." "Ws, auntie, they were rich tipple, and thev were proud and arrogam they lea-- t. of tlum were al- onie I learned some in the ways n nh, the- world that I -- hall never forget: and did not to tell one young lady, who carried on a flirtation under my very ces. what mv mother would ha've thought of her eoiiduct. and Ik' beggel ine to keep the a truce to all thi- matter a secret. we've talked of the-- e thing- - before. I am !ositialv ining for ome one to talk to. I know you're good comianv. and always amiable, but there i no variety in our way lots of relatives jet's of living. WVve-go- t in go and visit some of them, while Harry's college. When lie comes home everything will Te different. Me can take Us out. and we shall have more society ; it w on't be near so lonely here tluti; he's always so lovely." "Alice, alwwt the. country cousins. Do to visit when you remember where we used you and thev w ere children ?" '"Yes. T recollect some of those quaint old places "up among the New England hills; buHiow they're very nice in summer time. about winter how would it be then' and "There's- skating and leigh-rilinof course. Yet you must winter choose, it js for vour pleasure 'we shall go. "Aunt Esther,' are there any young peothink of would ple at these places you it be interesting in that way?" "In what way, Alice?" Would "Why, don't you understand.'' chance or any there be any of getting a good husband?" "Alice, you astonish me. Yet just now, those vou were' deprecating the ways of and now you are talk-iy- r girls at the in much the same strain." "Rut m in earnest: J am g ::;g ie u.a. o-- j (f i- -- f7 Dream ..... l.ydia D. Alder Charlotte Perkins rdlm.vi 67 ill-hrcd- AUNT ESTHER'S SWEETHEART. "Auntie." said a beautiful voting girl -- in an sort of way. turning half n .mid on the piano stool, and without raisin: her eves from the floor. "I'm tired of this sort of tiling; I want a change. Can't we go somewhere, or give a party? Can't you suggest some amusement to pass away the time? Whv. I've not even had a letter lor and that stupid brother of mine is day-- , having a jolly time of it at Harvard, while. Im here at' home, (lay after day going through the same dull routine. Oh. I'm if I weary; Fd even like to get married, euld have an ofTer that suited me!" "Is that all-- Alice? Have you no other complaints to make?" said her aunt in reply. The girl looked a little ret fallen, and 'without a won turned und and went on with her practicing. I ler aunt, who was a wise and thoughtful woman, continued her sewing as if nothing and then, a way sk- had when over-;owas busy perusing a Aunt kcd more foreign than the tt r !h it one Alice had laid down. In the midst of the reading, a carriage drove up. and visitors were announced Mrs. and Mr. Elmore and their two daughters and the Liters, were put aside. d themselves enterThe two ladies taining their guests during the remainder of the afternoon. Tin Elmores were neighbor- of theirs. and very nice people indeed. The girls were near Alice's age and were both bright and clever. The afternoon sped wiftly away, and Alice had actually forgotten thd etters. so absorbed was she with tin conversation of their visitors. Aunt Esther urged their guests to stay and dine with them, waiving ceremony ; and they finally consented. So that it was nine o'clock, or there aboiits beforelhev were alone again. ll (Veiling had ecu a pleasant, one and Alice was in the best of spirits, having thoroughly enjoyed the society of these neighbors, w ho had so much to say. that was worth listening to. One of the young ladies was a tine singer and was much admired bv Marrv. who was passionately fond of music, as indeed were Aunt Esther and Alice. Miss Elinore had 'been singing, during the evening one of Aunt Esther's old favorlt s tint Wad carried her back .in memory to her girlhood days, and these words of'the song, kept ringing in her ears: n nt' -- . : nii didn't though the truth was Aunt Esther pa-tiir- It h ev-e- n bii-ie- cs 1 - I g. love-makin- . -- Ok no. we never mention him. his name is never . heard. that once forbid to now speak are lips My miliar, word." 1 g, fa- Aunt Esther, so calm and to all appearance, would have given almost few anything to have been alone for a minutes that she might weep, to relieve her pent-ufeelings; but even when the guests had departed, Alice, was still there, and slic young honest, some rv great, such must not give way. fellow.' 4hatdias never been in society, and that The reading of the letters was resumed, as I had a glimpse of last season; a and for a while silence reigned. --What reminds me, auntie, that you have had made in that I vc heard pretty picture the kind of romance in your Me. Alice was tall and slender in word room a never vou say elegant and so: Polly sav and though figure, a perfect blonde in complexion, about it, nor vour married life either, ever; this evenmgshe wore a dress of soft pale mat'ur I never asked yoit-nt lace ; and now. W ill you blue merino; trimmed with dainty until fact in it of thought a as she sat reading, one might have gazed' tell me the slorv? it must he interesting; -iifitlmiratior, "and turned and come agau. of History., 'out. your chapter oUier sea-shor- self-content- ed e, p big-h.carte- d, . two-ladi- es he ' -- for-tha- -- . until you were tired; and' wanted to come home to the Wren's Nest? Isntthatso? er , , , k. ; tc - A long, silence followed, know exactly what answer to make. burst-fortwas altogether new for her niece to so excitedly and it took the quaint little lady by surprise. Alice 'sat playjng a while longer,, then came forward' towards the fire, which was herself comhurning brightlv, and seating befortably in a low rocker in the corner, a cusgan to' stir the coals with a poker tom manv people have when perplexed. .The much for equanimity of her aunt was too she had her; she wanted her to speak, say' keen rude, then she would have apologized; but to "see her sit there so complacently, of her vexa7 Pitching away, taking no notice tion was unbearable to one so ".impulsive. , y Finally she burst out again: this on in we are;always going "Auntie, world like two humdrum way, for all-ta old maids'? You are not old if you are J'm just twentyrtvvp, widow and L-- welb and have never yet had a real beau; l want ; some attention, some companionship. is her aunt, "now; long u 'My dear," said since we came home f rom the sea shore, where you danced, and waltzed, ,and sang- t : ed 1 1 -- ; - E-th- -- . sclf-pos--ess- ping her dainty feet .on the carpet, every 1 he-ita- d it; hr-brother- : 7 be- -- people"." n-ible he called her, and I ng - aiKFtook-in-alk-tnegaieiiy-U- - . le-s- Iiad been said. r" i h'allC girl- -' and tin 1 a "e -- . Dreamed j - a- D. gan (ainining the postmark, a habit with v. 'men. it is said. 'Mere's nich a queer stamp ; I do wonder where thi- - Utter' from;. some rich old uncle. hope, asking ns to come for the h li :a ." exclaimed Alice. t hen he took up the one she knew to , atid hurriedly broke be from the e ik W hile he sat reading it and tap principled ning u a n and. dd one- - too that matter, and nvr en u managing mam ma-- , and all that. It wa- - iuipb t" r.s .te aUdit-minde- h -- . International Council of Women Special Correspondence Relief Society iir-- c School...' The Yalue of Our Class Work Alexander nary Loui-- a I M V.u' little auntie, p' . 71 71 Rambling . Sonvtij. No. C"!I!f )t"!l!r. tramtiiL'. bec.i W.'HIt onr r,r;:noti much deception and t -- Stake (U n - did ami! ie. i . orth S:inj)ete Stake -- Ye- - thank- - u-- f K .VY SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, ACCCST, CONTENTS. - Saints' Woman's Lj((rr-i- n t,lu - nizfx this -to-- fekehisl w rapid questioning a .lenock. t6 the. parlor door and in came Polly at heard -nf letters, and in the excite rTrrrilfnl d iiouvu"" Willi her to said had. she what mcnt Mice forgot t v and her. now and then she spoke to auntie countenance brightened, as . she locatedts shrewat some of Harry's witty and life. Aunt Esther upon his college com-ineii- - j . 