' 1 ' i L. - ' 1 fit. - ' aswhtionOwhich and its to she so dearly She gone to her reward, which comprises every Messing' ewr pronounced bv the ford's anointed upon a faithful and devoted Saint who'has kept the faith.' At her funeral, which was held in the Eighteenth ward chapel on Saturday March .th. 1013. great respect and love was shown her. by the man of her kindred and friends who attended. The impressive services were conducted by Bishop T. A. Claw son, the singing by the quartet. Pyper, Spencer, Whitney. Ensign ; the prayer byj5 residents j. Golden. Kimball arid Seymour. B. Young. Inspired, .consoling disci ursesk were given by Presidents P. M. Lyman and Joseph F. Smith. Many beautiful flowers were sent by loving friends who accompanied her body to its las resting place, in a beautiful plot of the city cemetery, which wali dedicated for the graves of herself ami descendants bv President Rulon S. Wells. loved. f.RY COMNfEU ; ' . i - EYBI-N'G- . x born in Marv. Bommcli Evririg Wein--garter- i. Switzerland, March 20th, 1831. in a home of good honest people. Hei mother died when she was four years of age, but her stepmother, her mothers sister, wis a good mother. Mary earlv learned to work and sacrifice for others and these qualities mark every act of her whole life. Ffer childhood was spent -- -- With her friends and her brother's friends many long winter evenings were spent with the papers, magazines' and books of the day. It was thus she first read about "Mormon-ism- " which had come into existence in America. They read both .good and had, but it was not until George, Mary rs brother, met a "Mormon" elder in Zurich that thev became interested in the wonderful news of the gospel's restoration in these the last davs. t Mary and her two brothers, George, and Daniel, Were baptized in Zurich and it- was not long, be fore, the whole family were members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints.. 'Many .were the evenings in the heart of winter, that Mary took the precious ''Book of .Mormon" and "The Voice of Warning" down in the cellar with her, so that when her weaving was finished she could read them as' she raddled close to the warm chimnev. Like most new members, after the baptismal service was performed, the spirit of gathering came upon them. But on account of their espousal of this unpopular belief they found much difficulty in selling their home. They finally sold it for a pittance which did whole of the Mary had saved emigrating .expenses. enough of her share of her loonr earnings to have taken her to Zion, but she, instead, - y not-cover-th- e - . th.i-blosso- . j : . -- From. then until her death, ud she was privileged to work persona"! the temple' or not. she worked for tha there. cause. It was love for. this work which the. call to Old Mexico' hard to heed, she went with her husband and worked with the pioneers of)a new her life in the Ch':r-Chris- t her greatest enjoyment was in ing for others in and out of the u organizations. Especially has her nam. work been known m the Relief S Doth in the. St. George and the Juarez si of Zion. she has traveled from one ment to another as the president of the Relief Society, and many will, the words of wisdom that gave in counsel on these visits. tier .husband w'as called to our.n ca y -home February, 1902. and since that ti she has been perfectly willing to join, h: In the latter years of her life, thinking be her last,he did not want t home near her husband's resting p!a for she wanted to sleep beside, him. when last July the colonists were forced leave their homes for fear of death and struction from the Mexican rebels, it hard, indeed, for .her in her eighty-se- c year to go, leave her beautiful garxkr roses, her loaded vineyard and her conn able home. the. work and toil of years, travel again, when she had hoped to res:. She did not live long, for her ever V: and loving Father sent for her and she Him January 19th. 1913. in Ephrai Sanoete Countv. Utah. Theresa Snow Hi r r know-remembe- 1 v.-- to ROY WARD RELIEF SOCIETY PARTY. The sisters of" Roy ward; Weber stake, held a very interesting party and meeting on the occasion of the seventy-firanniversary of the Relief Society. day, the 17th of March. Several young people helped to. make the r program entertainnig-- Songs were: sung by Emma and Elva Robinson. Melvin and Esther Baker : recitations bv Lettie Stoker, Etta Hammon. and Cornelia Vton, while Leo Lambert contributed a In on the clarionet. . The; meeting was presided over by the president, largaret Child. who after me interesting remarks and speech of welcome, was followed by Bishop Thomas Hollands. First Counselor Diana Robinson, and S! ?ter E. V. Jones. All expressed splendid sentiments for rk of the .Relief -- Society and appreciation of those engaged along the lines "of charitw st . Gih-le- - . i . ohh-rea- ;.- r Flow grateful Sister Eyring 'was that temple was built, her life's, work can show. She performed her dnt: side of temple hours, but while the was, open she was always a busy -- ron - In rl:.it land once so drear A city like a tropic garden rose ; And Utah's ' first temple tower did The Saints' defiance to all foes. ' s . home farm,, during the school seasons, and during the summer she helped on the farm, hoeing, planting, harvesting. As soon as. he was old enough and stron.g enough to move the reed, on the loom, she learned to weave and. thus helped the family. She loved school and was verv sad when her school days were over, but though not. in school she continued to read all the literature that came within her reach. She ha'd an indomitable, will which mad. physical" strength cower before its Ifere in St. George, her five other were borrr, and with one except d. raised "to man 'and womanhood.her" husband helped with all their that .band of pioneers to make as the rose. her-sister'- " BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH. fare?. She gave the money to" pay saw her parents and sisters leave and she was left alone to earn her way to' join them. While working toward this: end in Ger-- 1 many, .she was persecuted and harassed on account of her belief, but instead of complaining, she felt grateful that she was thus privileged. At one time she was taken on a hitter cold night from a nice warm feather bed to the cold mat of a prise cell. Instead of receiving convicting testimony against the elders. Yhe'ofncers received a bit of Girist's gospel.- Finally she was able to leave the mother country and find herself in New York City, the land of many tongues, as she often called1 it. Here she worked again to get monev to take her nearer her Zion home. New customs, a new language. new. foods, all were trials .in their turn. At last she found herself starting with aciwiss company at Sl Louis to walk the long trail of the pi neers. "Hard, why, dear children, that was the happiest, merriest trip I ever made." she often told her children and grandchildren when asked if she didn't get tired after one of those long hot tramp on the desert trail. She walked every step of the way and enjoyed every minute of the journey. One evening when the company had camped for the night and the Wagon circle-wanearly completed, in the" twilight could be seen a slow moving vehicle and through the stillness, the- - rattle of old wheels could be heard. Two wearv missionaries were in that wagon, one an old man weakened through age, the other through fever and to ague. i ney nai come from-the Cherokee Indians and were on their way to the Church headquarters at Salt Lake Citv. Thev were glad to travel with the company and the company were douhly glad because these missionaries were from the old ccuntry. too. Mary traveled beside these men and heard with deep interest the stories of days among the Lamanites. She learned to love and respect and admire Henry Eyring. the younger man of the two. younger even than hers df. but Mary in her robust health could nevr have made people believe so. From the mutual love which ripened on this joy uis' path of romantic courtship (would you not call it that?) the marriage of the two in Salt Lake City some months after the journey's end took place. Humble was the home that Brother Eyring offered his bride, for he found this country 'so new that though well educated in the good German schools, he found his education did not bring ,bread and butter in this pioneer country. They lived first in Ogden. then in Salt Lake City. Through exposure and illness Brother Eyring s lungs seem to have suf- tered. and the severe cold of the northern climate w as, hard on, them; Therefore soor after their first babe w;as born they went to southern JJtah, being among the' first, settlers there. There in that land of unfruitful soil and little rain, they tried to eke; out a living.. Many times f oF months there was little to eat except greens made from alfalfa and other .greens;-ana tfnv bit of flour mixed in with them. In albof Sister Ey ring's life of toil this one period, she claims was the l " hard one. V ::; .... ' Her babies were coming, and also a Rrother Eyring suffered with ill health her loom was the breadwinner for the'familw ' the-wo- 