WOMAN'S EXPONENT. of President "Smith tand being urged by .Maria V. Dougall, Ziua Y. Card ami other daughters of the Pioneers, SiMerLapish to call the Hand cart Pioneers and organize. .Accordingly,' she with 'the help of Sjster Dougall, whp was present by special request, proceeded .to organize the t ocjetyjo be known as the I'tah Pioneers a;id Daughters. Mary A. Vaji chosen was temporary chairman and Pearl Woodmansce temporary secretary. Because this society owes, its origin to Hannah Lap ish, she was given the title of Pounder General and'was chosen President, with Sarali Swift first counselor, and 'Emily Bccbe second counselor, Mary A. Van, secretary, Pearl Woodmansee, corresponding secretary, Anna Livingston, assistant secretary, Jennie Careless, historian,- Sarah Kedding-ton- , treasurer, Hannah Saunders, chaplain. Mary S, Houtz, registrar, together with 3( charter niembers, and M. Y. Dougall, an honorary member. Omstitution and by law s were formed and a committee, with Prances- Armstrong appointed to read and report. They were approved by the committee and adopted by the society, whose object was to eonimemorate and perpetuate the memory of the sublime faith and heroic courage of the Pioneers, who for the sake I'tah Hand-car- t of their religion, journeyed on foot, drawcarts, ing their belongings in twelve to a distance, of from one thousand hunIrcd miles, over barren country, inhabited onlv bv wild animals and Indians. It shall be the purpose of this society to collect and preserve an accurate history of those memorable journeys with their indescribable suffering, hardships, and privations, and a display of more than ordinary-fortitudeAnd it is the subject of this society to preserve the names of all those who started to come to this then Territory by hand-cartwhether they reached their destination or perished by the way. For this' purpose we feel that a monument should be erected in a public place, and all these names inscribed upon it. Having this object in view, a small bank was purchased, and presented to the society by Sarah Swift, and at each meeting it has a conspicuous doplace on the table where members drop nations from time to time. This being the third anniversary of our should society, it seems only fitting that we refresh our memories upon a few of the time. things that have transpired during that We have met on the 14th of each month, ' and have had many interesting talks from those who crossed ahe plains with hand-cartalso words of encouragement from Prest. Joseph F. Smith, John Henry Smith, Seymour K Young, and many others'. We have met twice each year with the Hand-CaVeterans, 'where interesting times were had, and have had excursions to AVandamere and many pleasant parties at different homes. we have During all our little existence, been fortunate jn having the beautiful home of our loved President Frances Armstrong for our meeting place, and have received from many courtesies and pleasant surprises At the expiration of two years. We have chosen red a our color, typical ;ofthe llower called "Indian Paint' Brush" :. which 'grew in abundance at that time. Our pin is made of enamel in colors'. We abo have a banner., hand painted by' our Founder-GeneraHannah Lapish. This aKo portrays the pulling of hand carts across the plains ami was proudly carried th by our society in the big parade on the .. de-eid- ed to-hith- er l, 1 land-Car- -- - two-wheel- ed s, . 2-- oi la-- i July. Since uur organization people have awakened to the fact that there was such a Pioneer and many thing a a Hand-car- t inquiries have come from all over the Mate. showing great interest in the organization. While we know we are still in our infancy yet we feel we will, as Sister Dougall s;u! we would, conic to the front and be a leading-society in Ctah. We hare come to the front, and arc being recognized. This was proVen at our recent conference, when wr were called together by our honored President Joseph P. Smith and counselors, and entertained by them, and such men as Fldeis F. Whitney, Francis M. Lyman,-...OrsoJames F. Talmage. Bishop Heber S. Iver-sothe Old Folks Choir, and others. We are proud of our society and the fact that our pioneers and parents pulled handcarts across the plains. When we sing our hand-car- t song, "Some Must Push and Some Must Pull." we feel, with Brother Heber C. Kimball, that we have pushed and pulled our way to Zion. Now we must keep the Kingdom pushing and pulling to get into ' .of God. - j ! n, Mary A. Van Secretary. spirit in otrrmidst ; had lived in the country had and knew the extra effort to make to come so far.. The Lord will ciitaiid) Mess us for all the efforts we put Was very much forth to do our dutv. that had1een pleaded with . .given . . . . r on tjie lonng-ogram and other Keliet S ciet work; encouraged the sisters, to continue in gathering grain; advised them the-sister- tlu-repo- s rts . . . l not to veil all of. it at once, but felt we should kci p ome -- always on hand; had worked in the Temple and was: very much President interested in work for our dead. Board a Joseph F. Smith gave a misMo n, the making and keeping of temple clothe" on hand; urged Relief Society presidents to keep two or three suits on hand in case of emergency. Mothers should teach their daughter to come to the temples properly dressed; felt it would be lovely for girls to make their own dainty little temple suits to be married in. instead of spending o muchJinic on their silk anil satins. Sifter Julia Farnsworth: Had enjoyed the spirit of conference ; thanked the sisters for the warm welcome they h id given them; felt the gospel brings us nearer together and makes us more or less acquainted. Motlurs should not neglect homes, husbands, and children for public duties; urged the sisters to do all they could in temple work. Pres. p. M. Hanson made encouraging remarks. and commended the sisters for their faithful and energetic work in Relief v Society. Singing. The Happy Pay has Rolled on. Prayer, Pro. J. 1.. Dewey. During the noon hours a wholesome lunch was served to all present by the Garland Relief Society sisters, the same having been prepared by sisters from the different societies. Afternoon session. Singing, Now let us Anew.'Praver, Bro. David Manning. the-Genera- l - RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. PEAR RIVER STAKE. Pear River Stake Relief Society confer- ence, was held in the Garland Social Hall, and 2 o'clock. Tan. loth. President Margaret W. Manning, presid- 1U at-1- 0 ing, There were present. First Counselor of the Stake Presidency. P. M. Hansen, five High Councilors, two bishops, one member of of the high priests' quorum, five members A. and Y. L. M..L A. stake boards, two ward teachers, two members of of Primary stake" board; and one member . Stake RehVion class: Sisters Tulia Farns-worth and Elizabeth McCurie of the General Board, ten stake board members and a very' members good representation of officers and Y. M. M. T. - Sister Julia Farnsworth: Thought the attendance very good for so small a stake; had been a "member of the Relief Society for thirty-seve- n years; read a sketch of the life and mission "of the Prophet Joseph Smith: referred back to the council in heaven, and mentioned the many incidents dow n through the ages of men that were necessary for the restoration of the Gospel, and the coming of the Prophet .Joseph Smith; portrayed beautifully his' youth and' first vision ; pictured on through the struggles of life, Jiow he was fitted to fdl his glorious missioiC Sister McCune said: When talking of the prophet it always brings a good spirit ; spoke of genealogical classes that were be: all to ing organized, in the Church; urged join that could encouraged familv reunions, so they could organize and help each other in doing work for their dead. It is wonderful what can be accomplished if. we, only put forth our efforts; spoke Parents menacing' us, especially the young. must be ever on the alert watching and of ; help 'to keep them clean and pure spoke ' in cities where young people 'went to supper after dances and theaters, : the temptations there awaiting them. ' SKtcr Farnsworth said if we would be from the various wards. Singing: Now Let us Rejoice. ' Christenson. P. Bro. Praver, v God. work.-Mis the Sweet Singincr; Pres. Margaret Wr Manning made the for the opening remarks. : Felt very grateful conference and good attendance at our deal of faith thought the sisters had a great and com? to enable them to get out so earlv would so far to conference; felt theXorxl felt gratecertainly bless them for so doing; were ful that so manv of the. Priesthood able to meet with us.: was more than pleased of the; to announce that we had two sisters Farns-worth General Board with us, Sisters-Tuband Elizabeth McCune, They, had es;ea desire societies, which was very .yalto civ, ,,roe ,ionitnniislv chosenvour second In magazine form and contain an outline. different firstxcounsel-or- ; report the Ester C Evans : Felt we had had a splenPresident, with Alicia Arnold : '. f .v. ; did conference; felt grateful for and Jennie Careless second counselor.; and Lucetta Thompson Duet. Sisters sisters that were with us; sank we had Sister Lapish had served us well, and we ; of the Soci Mame Shumway.; in our work'and study in the still feel she is N Sister McCune : There f is an excellent made progress ' T- - s; ; rt . her-hand- the-evil- s . a e- s. ably-done- . ; , " . the-"bacVb- one" " ety -, : 3.0H TA JS3H ..." ; the-votin- 