.vf . - - AV " V WOMAN'S-EXPONIBN'I- Woman's Exponent r .'.....- circular leuer ui mvumf;3 uuu p:i few facts concerning the benevolent and philanthropic work done by this society, to i i' K."ii . i EMMELISE U. WELLS, Editor and Vubliihex ASS1E WELLS CAS SOS Ati$tant Editor. I'liMUbH monthly in Salt Uk? City, L'uh. TVnin: one copy one $1.00; one copy kix months, 50 No reduction mule for club. City paper deliver?! iy mail, extra for postage one year, 23 ct. l Advertising rates: Each square, ten line of apace one, time f'2.50; per month, $3.00 A Jiberal i!icount to regular iwl vertUera. Exponent, office rooms 28 and 2'J, 2nd floor Hrhop"a Building, 40 North. Main Street, Business hours from 10 a. in. to 5 p. m., every day. except Sunday. Addrens all buiineni communications to Mm. K. B. WELLS, : ft. yr, non-(arie- Salt Lake I'm. k'ntered at tht Ptl Office in Salt Luk$ it h(oh1 rlaa matter. I r n. i. r 1 1 i ah i r 1 r nil! nttrrjrtivf flinc m.u Miv.v.....h the number who attend and bent them in an educational as well as 'a spi int.T.'vt iti ..-- . There is every reason to rejoice i; labor. . The. true enjoyment and' enerouslv . . , .i satisiactioir that is telt iv those wno are grow th and excellence and improved iged in :he duties that pertain to their ing of the society throughout the w and the outlook is hopeful for the futur calling can never be estimated a better mcrease in numbers, and-iPrecious treasures are laid up in store . . t for those who lo the bidding of their standing amiitknowledge or what is po "Inasmuch tor the letterment of all mankind. Father in heaven. lesus.aid, I I i .f. e earnestly nujH: iL.i an uiai ueiore as ve do ..it unto the least ,ot these ve uo it 1. 1. ... anini.ti ua) iiieic may uc muui iuovk unto me. The year past has been one of the most complislied than has been during am beneficial in the work of this organization, past years. testhat o: learn wards we of From reports . .May peace, love and the blessings . . t tuiionv meetings have heen more trpquent I,I ruitie ami anuie with you in ail your dertakmirs and these will assuredly result m an m crease of faith which is most desirable if Faithfully, your sisters and Kmmei.ine-Hthe Saints are to accomplish the great work Wells, President Clarissa S. Williams, 1st Counsel prophesied of in the past. We cannot be I much in earnest in our endeavors to r Lin a L. Smith, 2nd Counselor. promote faith among the young. A great deal has been given by the so WOMEN PAST AND PRESENT. ciety during the past year. The famine in China caused a great disturbance and the Relief Society was not behind in sending Here and there in the Bible the names ,f help. Liberal donations were sent to the women have been mentioned and to' those who have made a studv of the Scriptures Mississippi flood sufferers Fwn new stakes have been added to our some of these are in' a certain sense imnVr stakes in all. and talized in their minds. number, making sixty-fiv- e the Northwestern States Mission, with Kve. the mother of all liviner. conies fir-- t fourteen branches, has been organized with and appeals perhaps more strongly to all a Relief Society president and executive the world than any other woman ever officers at its head. known. We of today think of Lve as the The- one serious regret is that the trou highest tvje of beauty in the Garden of ble in Mexico has broken up a very pros- - F'den. surrounded with the most charming Zion. Many Relief. Soci anil delightful trees, vines and flowers. Then there is Sarah, who actually con ety houses erected through the efforts and exertions of the members themselves, have versed with the Lord face to face, most been destroyed by the lawless Mexicans, wonderful to contemplate ! The Lord made and in one instance the Relief Society her promises which were literally fulfilled building used for a stable. The. poetic mind picture of Relecca at Taken all in all, there i every' reason to the well who gave pure water from her congratulate the workers in the organiza- - pitcher to the thirsty traveler and his wear tion. also those who contribute means and camels, and manifested her simple faith in sustain the forward movements made from the word of the Lord, sufficient to leave her time to time for the uplift of the unfor- - father s home and her own country and foltunate. J he Relief Society sisters are the low the faithful servant to abide in a distant ones who deserve the credit and the praise land.' I low perfectly illustrative of the simfor along these lines they work day bv day, plicity.. of the lives of that ancient people! urging the discouraged to look on the Miriam, the sister of Moses, who. al side life of and wear a smiling face though she followed him into the wilder bright even in trouble, "believing that behind every uess, did not always yield gracefully to the cloud there is a silver lining." counsel of her illustrious brother. There We are. at anv rate, an able nrmv of was also Deborah who, when Israel was workers who stand for right and are eager without a leaderwent forth at the head of watchers for the best methods obtainable the armies and won the battle and judged for reaching and helping all classes. Israel forty years; and there. was peace in We realize that the movement that the land. sprang from one little circle of women Ruth was firm and steadfast through her and become strong and vigorous, for devotion to rvtun her there are over forty thousand enrolled whose words ring down through all time workers, and it requires more material as a motto to be repeated forever : more 'wisdom, to manage the affairs of so hither thou goest I will go, and where great an organization scattered over many thoir lodgest I will lodged thy people shall be. mv people, and thv God, my God. . . . ... iv jtui iuc as.socianon nas who dwelt in the Huldah, the been made stronger, for younger women, college in the prophetess temole. who read from the have taken an interest and become enthubook of the Law- - .1 and told the of the siastic in the different departmentsthe what would befall the people, if they mothers w ork, the domestic science and king listened not to the words written therein. other studies along educational lines.. The y Queen Esther who succeeded in overrulRook of Mormon has been introduced with" ing the mandates of the king and thwarted mapsto explain the situations. the purpose, of those in power and found The genealogical class, is a new feature royal favor. ; m the routine of study, introduced during Those of the New Testament are even ." , . the; last year. mortj familiar: Mary and Martha are the. :A1together-thtwo most famous. We find 'mention made variety and makethemeetings much more of Anna the prophetess who dwelt in the . . - i - . I i I l' 1 ll'l 0 V Cii. J i i a co-lab- or . Salt Lake City, Utah, Midwinter Xi mbku, lOl to THE NEW YEAR 1913. What will the New Year bring to the world at large! Doubtless many strange ami wonderful things new ideas of service and religion, perhaps, new inventions t lighten labor, to speed tfic methods of travel by" land and sea, and' many changes to improve the world and its people. Let us hope it will bring increased prosperity to the Latter-da- y Saints. Considering the wonderful forward strides made in the use of electricity, one could almost imagine that lightning might yet be utilized and serve some needful instead of only making momentary displays- in the heavens that fill ordinary mortals with alarm. Since the opening of the twentieth century one can look forward with intense interest in the anticipation of what is to be in the years that are fast reaching toward us with new and strange, eyen marvelous, events such as have not been known since this grand world was created. Man is the agent through whom the Lord is working to bring to pass his great purposes, and though we see the great increase of knowledge and power to hdndle the elements that exist, yet we know there is' a superior force underlying it all, propelling, as it were, the machinery of man's brain and faculties to accomplish the designs of One mightier than man in bringing to perfection matter which had lain dormant, for'the use and benefit of mankind, that the earth may become- - like unto the garden of Eden, and man and woman purified to dwell therein. Who could have believed even a century the elements that actually existed could have, been so ingeniously wrought" upon .by man's experiments as to produce such results as have given to the world such benefits, such luxuries even, as the most never dreamed of in their- utmost hopeful . r expectancy r mother, snipton s prophecy has more than come to pass, and in thecp.ntem-platio- n of what has been done in recent years, what may we not look forward to in the pur-jm)- sc - ago-tha- t a. .near-future- . c . ! , . - penm-take--- of - ' ' has-grow- mother-in-lav-Waom- r" . - n L . , 7 Ird, . ANNUAL GREETING H cloved Sisters:- - In view of the near approach of the 17th of March, on which date the sisters of the Relief Society the world over celebrate annual day, it is only fitting and proper to issue in the columns .of the Relief Society t -- , " s 