WOMAN'S EXPONENT. which they 'claimed the Prophet won-- a:. daguerreotype of liis wife Fmma. I he house contained ciglii iwhn c. in good condition. eroM,! the uiami saw the first house the. Prnplu-- liwd m hae charge oi the place, which is owned "in i'pu we' ri turned to .."auvo, at r:;ve-- . anu 4iie loii.iw " "" lav re- h , ! !. i III- , i i - . X U: It is unoccupied and jat going n doe.v. At the front of the is a plain d.ih i.f granite which maik- - the !,i- feeing p'.uv of Kmma Smith, the Prophet's wife. We u - f ;do stood on the spot where the the Prophet and his bmtlkr llwnm !a in state, and were viewed by Un .t peojle. Opposite - the Xaiiv-partly finished. All thi- - proper owned by peojle not r fa;!h. The location nf tin- Proph-- t'v h..:i,.- j. ' i th.-nsm- . i ? n.-- ! " I re l s, o . 1 s, a. of the Yellowstone l o . Mi , -- I Sister b " lining." ' Fnvelopes were jiaed around for donation-, after which ice cream and cake were A plea'iut evening was spent, atter. serve which the gathering was dismissed by Flder ie rge 1. Anderson, .Amount donated $21. .v . Singk-to- . 1 . rela-tioMshi- -- of tht- - different organizations ot tlu-(hurch- M . d-te- r- : President Kliza 'J. Dixon presiding and taking charge. Singing. "Our God, we Raise to Thee." Praver by Urother David P.utler. Singing. Rt'd enter of Israel.'" Minutes of last ConRoll ference were read and approved. called, sven wards represented, sixty-twofficer and members and eight Jlst - lknediction PiV-plM.- by Siter l.:o STA KM. Relief Society Conference, held March Miller f kc eitcoiif-- 1 thanked them for their PresjiLiit Daniel agingh t ' the mie in the erection of the Tabernacle. Singing. 'AW- Thank Thee, oh Cod, lor a 1. P.mih I.amborn. at Springs-Lake- " o Afternoon Sesi.n - President Julia Miller presiding. PiM Counselor Mary Miller 'conducting. -- K. J.- . . :,-,- Floyd' sp,.ke for a short time, A et of encouraging all to do their duties. resolutions passed bv general board of ReK. lief Society was read by Secretary .Mary P rower. ' Sister Marv J. Miller thanked all who had taken part. Singing. "Guide Me to Thee.' Jknediction bv Sister, lassie Ke.Fhng. Marv K. Prowkk. Secy. P.ro. C. .. I N. oS I'.RAXCII. ATsC.KI-K- Sister Jiantha Thomas spoke a few words of welcome. Sister Dixon made opening remaiks. W as glad toee so many present. Spoke of Relief. Society work and what it condsts of for the sick and needy and teaching the ( ios'pcl. Sister Kdla Johnson gave a report of Penjainin Ward Society. Sister Reece of Santauin gave a recitaI Singing, "llow 1'irm a Foundation. Miller. Sr., of the Praxer bv P.idion A. St. Anthoiiv ward. Singing. "Nay, Speak No 111." Speech 'of welcome. Pres. Juha A talk on the opportunity that K.' Miller. to a mother in her Relief Society work?bv Sister KHen .Murri. A talk on child culture bv Sifter lanette Miller. Song. Sister Yilate Kigbv. Talk on. "Mothers ot . l ti" hv Sister Alice Parker. Song ,t ward. hv two y.ung girls of the Marysville ' brjjln present. . I .1. wa-the- i . r.i Ki MMiigton. Song hv members' ' Mar'. 'i!k' w ard. Pro. Prank A. Miller of the stake Sunday p School poke fur a short time ot the a meetings. Wo then went to the Masonic Temple and standing on the spot w here the Prophet delivered his last address to his dearly he loved people, we together with one hundred htunhle missionaries of the gospel, had cur pictures taken, anions the number Brother Pitts, an elderly man w ho lia- - heard the Prophet preach many times out in the open air. In the evening we attended services held hv our 'people in the City Hall, about three . . MM ."It ne loimwing ia hundred being present. in- - wa being Sunday, a special fast meet held, and about fifty young men and women bore testimony of the divinity of Joseph Smith's mission. The Spirit of God in abundance. We felt it was a privilege to bear our testimony on this occasion to the truthfulness of the restored gospel. It was a time never to be forgotten.' Our next trip was to the City of Carthage, passing the old "Mormon" cemetery, then the farm once owned by the Prophet. We did not wonder that he 'turned to take a After a last' look at this beautiful spot. o miles, over a pleasant 'ride' of twenty-twWei road, viewing the well tilled farms. we entered the city of Carthage. A short ride and we were in front of the solid rock-jaiiiich.es in thick-neswith walls thirty-twnow covered with green vines.A The welP curb is removed, a green lawn in its the door, place. Crossing the threshold of serious thoughts entered our minds as we ascended the stairway,' opened the door dented with bullet marks and entered the room where. . the . blood. sof thenr Patriarch Hyriim Smith stains the rioor. inese.spois stand out clear as a testimony against the nroole of Illinois who had. promised pro tection. We stood, by the window, half the Prophet open, facing the east, where of sixty or Joseph looked down, the muzzle and' throwing his body headlong more-rifleat their feet pierced with lour miners, exclaimed, v'0h Lord, my God." They never ,., fail who die in a great cause. AUer a short talk with the fahnlyvhcT Riading. Horace N. President Robinson addressed the gathering eulogizing woman' and what she ha done for mankind. Duet. jo-- . F. Robinson and Win. A. Shepherd." Sister I nine spoke of the work of the Sociitx in l.o Angeles. v . President Robinson informed the Society and Saints of the room m the new church especialb lor the ladies. Pv retiuest Sister Hinckley sang. "May ( d. -- i I t' I'.arnes. Song, Sister i:!:i.u. Paper 'Mi charits of St -- i i nt K vis-;iN- i i 1 1'biiX-o- n. 1, . : 1 !. I l i - omvi SI -- l ! oWMoM I i l' nna! h( -- ne iani nere is snapii uu a !i shoe, doping down to the rier" edge, view here is in iriiivT. ui.th the r l. lull- covered with green pine trees, tn:! an ' '.t W .1 auv spot for a heautiful citv. uuict, peaceful hamlet of ahont ik- s. and inhabitants, sleeping its life aw'av; where once stood a city oi tweutv thon-anWe visited the old home of President John Taylor, a well preserved red brick building of eight room-- , occupied n w hv a widow woman and her daughter. A ma!l tore near hy is rented hy the Latter-dSaints for' Sunday School and su rami n! - .1 ; i i - mean- I stA;- w.(s he!. l.at St. Vnthoux. hb. M'.d"l. '!'-nci:!g at Id a. in.: President Julia K. Md!' r presiding; n !1 call si'w ing S stake li rr! ward .ftKars, members, and faki- presiilrucv .two lnh inim cdoj's a!. 'I bishop-- , present. ii of wvleotiie hFirst I onnselor sp, 1. Milh r. M ir' Talk on st.iriuL; of grain by 1 1 M( !i rklilf society reports. i r. i A Kubeit-te- in -t 1 Recitation. Sister ileywool. Jiiattttte. Win. A. Shepherd. Alma J. Winters, Sister Jo-i- e Hinckley and Katie j , I t dr , in-- ! iolin Solo. Joseph K. Robinson. j ,6 Anniversarv Ivxercises of the National Woman's Relief Society, of the Church of Saints, of the fesiis Christ of. Latter-daLo Angeles Rratjch. March 17. 1013. v Sister Olive D. Christensen. General of the Relief Society board, and Sister Maria Y. Dougall. were present. Services were conducted hy Second Counselor Sister Louise Irving. raise Dpcning by singing. "Our God we to Thee," Invocation bv. Sister Matia Y. Dougall, , 4M Y'ocal Solo by Sister Josie Hinckley, Love. You." f A reading on Woman and her Work, y tion. Sister Crsula Drollinger reported Payson Ward. Sister Sorena Voud reported Iike Shore Ward. Sister Mara Anna Parren'of Santa(U.in gave a reading entitled. "Self Sacrifice." Sister Matilda Dixon gave a lesson on "Molern Revelation." Sister Martha S. Kapple. having just returned from a trip, to California, spoke on revelation. and the organization of the Relief Society; said her trip away from home had strengthened her testimony. session bv singing. "The Spirit' of God like a, Fire is llurning." . Iienediction bv Prober" Walter Menlovc. Closed-mornin- g -- AFTMR.NMJN" Sec-retar- SMSS10X - fterVthe opening exercises, remarks made by President Smith hi ring our last conference were read by Sister Ruth Sargent. Recitation by Sister Emina ;GreenhriIgh "Mother and .Home. Sweet Home." lister Uiara J. iwaus spuKe un iJimaiiiij; the morals of the young people of Zion. Recitation by. Sister Lnima Grecnhalgh of Santaquin. P,rother Alpheus liingham said we should Sister'Jessie.S-rReed..;:.7'-to get our children to dp f Vocal Solo. "Canhena 'and When Love is do all in- oiir power A "right and shun "evil. We are not confidenKind." Elsie Brllest. children. The minutes of the organization of the tial' enoughWith our Sis-t$6ng. Sister Maria Perry, entitled, "Just Woman's Relief Society were read by PlainOlive D. CHristensen. A . , ' . -- ' y ' . " - er : - A : 