v WOMAN'S EXPONENT MOTHERHOOD. shall do-s- o under several different liead-ni-- .Hi- i h -- th, -- "Nobody know- - tne work it take- Jo keep the Home mgetlier. it take-- , Nobody knows tlxknow but s, Mother." Nohody - Mc-p- Who shall savwhen the debt we owe her is paid? and in what way it hall be paid? No one but thc child himself. Bulwcr savs: -- , i . i x . .1 a cuuu can rai-- e 10 tne uesi mouumem, memory of his mother, is that of a clean, upright life, such as she would have rejoiced to see her sonlive." As children we "ri.ne x t ! . i cannot escape thc responsibility of our actions, and .they most truly reflect credit or discredit upon the memory of the one we love, most, our mother. One. mother, in writing to her son, said : "Do you know tnat your such part That you seem to be fiber and core of my is of my soul hcrt? None other can pain me as you dear, can do. None other can please me or praise me as you. Remember, the world will he quick with its blame,. If shadow or shame ever darken your name, 'Like mother like son.' is a saying so true. The world will judge largely of 'mother' by ; you." t:l! u!'r, - -; I v-- di-ru- Jliv Mmllit first, what w! owe out mothers: Kr-m- , what our mothers owe third, the of father and mother u.njuuit rcsjKmsibility :n a iannlv. rearing James Whiteomb Riley say-- : "The heaven that lies about us in our infancy, motherhood, and no matter boxy exalted.' or how depraved we may become, we naysattended by the grace of a mother", love." Every great man has' glorified a great mother, A.g'rcat Jeui.-- rabbi ay-: "tvn could not lie everywhere, so tic made mothers." 's tnm a,1"limit to the debt of gratitude w e owe to the one who, since ivin has stood like a wall of granite be-- t ween lis and the ills of childhood, the temptations of youth, and the sorrows of Maturity, until age has whitened her hair, or perhaps the .summons has come and she has passed over the silent river, leaving a vacancy that no one else on earth can till; no one else so willing-- so sympathetic, so end-I- t s and untiring' in devotion. u; an- - idol- - i hi ;iris and l,V ''uitK-o- t fjod in Tiu In considering the subject of 'Motherhood, I lu- I lavin ?!'! grains mi an assurance of I"' v.c .diouM .'t- tn'--c- tl.or th:-- , how - i t 1'afeUt- - ti ;enu-i;IUIe oianl- - groi uprigld. and tail, and tr;tigiit. .1 ,o fill sm - nim Hi- l tilt aU'J!i.;a!!tl ii lat the int - d in Hit. . - i i . tik . . i . i ; . t oiese ailie oui hine. i ll!. II Vtl. rvrrv mt in 1h - c- u-- e r -- t iu - iiiinn whi h eh .f r all after xaar-- ; whitdi feed the !I are t prints v.'il'i'rn it! the viil. la! i; ee to it then that the-V- - ideaN are lofty, tilled with the love ot (I' 1. and charitv to mankind. "That which x7- make our chi!lren desire, more injportance than that which we make them learn." Mo-- t of the crime and misery of the world i the early inllr nee of home, are due - neither vicioi nor virtuous; it i simply inn 'Cent, and is snvccpttble alike to x i i "tl'i-'Uh- -- t -- iuf - hi-fan- cx i- cfood and bad influence-- . It -- ait alone on the xvatchfulness of it- 'art jits, vour child is a bound blank paper, upon which - to be of xoiir own actions. fiurns said 1 i- depeuls guardian's. volume of written the hi-to- rv Th Joet : "( t. wad e -- "sue j.ow'r tlie .uiitic' e;r-- .k u- - e M' friends, no farther than h the confine- - of our ow n home-- , to have o mirror ever more faith-fugratified. v reproduced an object held before it. we need ,140 thi-xi-- ll than do the acts of our children represent the lives of their parents. Of all human influences tho.--e of the home are the most in their results. It then remains for us as parents to make our .homes as perfect as we can, that our children may find within their walls a joy and contentment against which the allurements of the amusefar-reachi- . " - -- p , - : tlu-- ng ment hall will have no influence. I believe one of the most potent factors in making a home thus perfect is music. You know wc are told a song of praise is a prayef to God. Truly then, until we too cross over and There is no perfect home without a musical join her on the' shore of the hereafter, the instrument of some kind.- - There is no tie debt and responsibility we are under to that w ill withstand the ravages of time and absence, like the memory. of the good oM mother, is never paid. t' home songs. Just last w eek, in the. state orison o f California. ' a prisoner about to WHAT A MOTHER OWES II KR C?.. IU coffer the death penalty for the crime of Martin Luther has said : "The prosperity murder, was asked by the warden what his of a country depends not upon the abund- - hst reouest would be. He was a native of va'nce of its resources, nor on the strength of Ttrtlv. and with tears in his eves, he asked, its fortifications, nor on the beauty' of jts that' a woman' from his own country, with be found and allowed to come public buildings, but upon its number of ejn- a sweet voice, . hVhtened and 'cultivated citizens, its men of and sing to him the songs of his fatherland. character and worth ; here are to be found TTand in hand with music is the literature or what its true interests, its chief strength, its real the home. We cannot be too careful. we place within the power." Upon whom does the responsibility books and magazines Ward Beecher said : rest of giving such men to the world, if not reach of a child. Henry Rooks are the windows through w hich the upon the mothers of men? books is, like No greater blessing was ever given by soul looks out ; a home without nnr 'TTpavpnlv Father to man and woman, a house without- windows." We should proi.Ie a diversitv of reading in order that "than: parenthood. . Thei custody of a" little the meditrm of child, fresh from our: Father's presence,: is the child's mind; through )Ooks. mav be given a knowledge ot evem the greatest trust confided to mankind. - oor - c-l'- r -o- u-iiidaw, f-'denL-iI.- xo-at- to-brin-g cla-pin- i acter ;i..Uid be btiildrd are:' a l"vin faith in fi"d, trm!m!hn-- . nbediencc. and The ideal- - which fill tin- mental horion : 1 t iu iri'r and w u..... iiv can aiiv woman than to he thtl-- . ?! ..t.;..i it niu ;:!' c -- that :ght Iii'inr to which hrr imliieiicc ma tenrlrd. he Sir-W'alte- h ulj -- I'roijiieo. h-;t- ""I "Uiy I Tt-- r -- ii ii!- - in-- future usemlnc?ss the mind in sxveet accord, with the u ill of Then is one book that will never fail u- - in our hours oLplea-ur- e or sor- Scott lay ,rou - the liihle, When dxiig in hi- - great library in Abhots'ford, he aid to hi- "Reach me down the ' I'e'ok "Which book," asked' lavkheart. nf xiewing the shelve-- , filled xxitTi tlxni-and- s ' volumes. There is but one Hunk," cried g the Bible in his Scott, and he died arms, I believe 'we do not, as a people." make sufficient study of our sacred books. If we did. we would be better fitted for the have to meet, as patent and member- - of the t'hurch to which we belong. anxious onr r ;Ve- - 'will lit him for. iut always with, one great" aim in view, .." i- lhau l! e- thiugdhat -. l:ve- - - Kh !io;i-v- !i f -e u, thru slu-p- 87 Much Kl -- I'o N - I III I I IN o 1'AKIN IS. about the respnn-i-- ; We have it ung into hiothc our ear- - hout pulpit and piesV I would like to impri'-- s upon tin present. 'if possible. the unity of the father and mother in the rearing of a family of children. Neither parent, no matter how zealous, can alone make a perfect home. It takes the united and effort of Ut.h to successfully coje with tlu difficulties (hat arise. How often we m'c fathers who seem to take no farther .interest in their child, than to see that it - well housed, well fed, well clothed. When mother says the boy, or the girl, hmld go axxay to college, he stands ready to meet all accounts for board, etc., that accrue therefrom. He leaves all the training- phx sjVally. mentally, spiritually and morally Jo the mother, teacher, or anv one who will Xow, responsibility. all this I hold to be wrong. The father owe-i- t as 'well a- - the child, to be its to him-el- f companion and .confidant. I have not much fear for the future of a child whose father nightlv calls the familv together and, in a word-- , tells them of life, and the teinptations they xvill meet, and then with a short earnest prayer," sends them to bed with a heart filled xxith gratitude for Cod's goodness. Long after that father has answered the summons from above, will his humble prayer be a strong factor for good, in the memorv and life of that child. I. believe we should live more with our Children and not so much for them, and T believe we will profit equally with them in thc 'comn One writer thus speaks of panionship. ' bilitx ha- - bem-'-ai- d -- til-jod- i.-- f . wi-d-M- ii i- -- fi-- well-chose- n fdl-dre- : "These truants from home and from heaven They have made me more manly and mild, . And I know now how Jesus' could liken, The kingdom of God to a;e4iild." " 'a.? ; I . - God heJp. us parents all to lve arh?lit, And inay pur horned all Love and Truth enfold, Since life for its no loftier aim .can hold, Than leading little childremto the light. '' - Mrs. Georgia Hatch. "Metropolis, Nevada, March 17, 1913. .INDUSTRY. The following essay was given at Society meeting McLelland. in 185r.-b- y a CP1 Relief Sister Elizabeth . have cliosen the subject of "Industry" Industry., to speak upon - this evening. of exercise the or b hard labor, w hether it the mind, is that by which the great and T a 