WOMAN'S EXPONENT. PTTSnT.IITTnMQ . OT? DC! TPt? o -- s. rt rtr .lid, Passed at Officers' meeting held October ' 7, 1913. . ; Inasmuch as the sisters of the Relief Society have received special instructions from our Prophet, Ser, and Revelator during the Conference which has just closed, we desire to voice our' acceptance of his teachings, Imth inmir own Con frrf 'tiro rmrl in tli ( ,.n. eral Conference on the following points, ' 1 sitcrs hum go into the he . teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith when he revealed the plan by which women were 'to he empowered through the calling of the priesthood to he grouped into suitable organizations for the purpose of ministering to the sick, assisting the needy, comforting the aged, warning the 'unwary, and succoring the orphans, v We, as General Officers, Stake Officers, and Ward Officers, of this Relief Society will endeavor to set an example, in the modour esty of our clothing, the restraint speech, and in the observance of the laws and commandments of God which shall fit us to be examplars in the midst of the daughters of Zion. We will study the principles of the Gospel, with all diligence, to enable us to impart of our knowledge to those who are under our charge both to our families, to the members of our Society, and to the ones who ma be ignorant or unw.aary, .concerning the principles of life and Truth. We will seek first to live the Gospel ourselves, and then be ready to go out and teach it. We will seek to restrain on conversation, avoiding light chatter, idle gossip, and above all, we win reirain irom criuciMug um the chosen authorities of this Church from the least to the greatest. Wtswill sustain our civic authorities, while such men are honest'and doing their duty to the fully extent. Our loyalty is engaged not only to support our Churclr officials, but our city, state, and national representatives. We seek to prove our claim to the title of Latter-da- y Saint by our devotion to these principles of shall cultiloyalty and righteousness. We setting vate the spirit of ambiand desires aside our own personal tions, that vc may the. more fully enter jnto the true spirit of this great charitable organ' ization. , We will clothe ourselves modestly and in a "way that shall merit approval from our jf aaw-ciate- s, -- - broad-miudedncs- s, - brethren, ourseives,anu urc auio v, of moreover, we 'shall teach this' principle and our grandmodesty to our children, ' children after us. We again commit ourselves to the od: -- servance of the Word of Wisdom. The in that Revelation thingsdhat are forbidden homes nor on our shall find no place in our our tables. Nor shall they be offered in public gatherings.1 the principles for which this These-ar; Society has stood for nearly seventy years this but we give them public expression in manner in order to emphasize the teachings ;.f pcVW Tosenh F. Smith, and we call of this organization to upon all. members , ...:u ,ic ; rpnwal of effort to the and other more strict observance of these until we shalbnore principles of the Gospel, conditions ex- the perfect approach nearly e home.- - of . the people letting sticr. an examples as an d angel might, if one cm e t.i tlu n." To we pray. tin-en- i Signed Ci..kts. S. Williams, Jt'LIA :'. M. FaUNsW oKlH, i I , Paniki. W. Jo m.s. v ortv Years Among the Indians.' . Author "l Carkii. S. TlIoMAS, Sarah I. McLi:li ani, Alice M. Hounk. -- viz. ; Be it resolvef, That we do declare it our purpose to keep intact the original name and initial spirit and purpose of this great organization, holding fast to the inspired ether of tluse parties since to speak of the have often thought when but .tvurmh-eivading accounts descriptive of early days, well ihaV pretty good, but if some good urittr could tell about Brother. Bullock and !iis brave family , it. would beat that. prosed by our beloved President when he RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. CORRESPONDENCE. Pi-iio- Woman's, IINTA11 STAKK. Kxim.nt. am an 1 i.ii,rc, old man over nothing of much e left but my good memory and this may fail me soon, so I have concluded to write some of my early remembrances. In the summer of 1S57 I happened ' to "be Isaac hillock with at- Green River berry. hi famly were there aU. Brother P.ullock liad charge of the ferry. There were many Shoshone Indians in the vicinity. They wire not savage when sober, but when drunk were like all Indians, dangerous. No one expected trouble as liquor was not sold about the ferry. Brother hillock had a friendly acquaintance with these Indians, could speak their language, and having done considerable missionary work among them had quite an iniluence d He was a cool, over themman. full of faith; still he knew how reckless whisky made them. We were visited who rushed by a crowd of drunken Indian into the house. He told his family to keep eool'and to show neither fear or excitement but do as thev were directed and they would not be hurt, 'lie also requested those of us, Ids friends, to make no move but to sit still. This was pretty hard to do at times. I saw one man place his hand on his gun several times. Brother 'Bullock told the women to start in making biscuits and coffee. Tins salthev did with due diligence. The only Indians vation seemed to be in keeping the coffee. . eating biscuits and drinking I have had many experiences withjndians but this exceeded anything I had yet seen. Whilst one crowd was filling up another ten deor twenty would crowd into the house their weapons at manding moncv, pointing Brother Bullock, some striking at him with tomahawks and others even punching urn with their knives until they cut struck I have always remembered that one stain his Jiard enough to cause blood to kept' talking breast he never flinched but of the. Some to them in a friendly way.drunken "Indians were sobef would Indians became too aggressive they and put them erab them abound their bodies ng this kept up out of the house, How-loI do not- remember; but my impression is. some two or three hours. ocI can well remember, although this, years past, seeing a good curred .fifty-fiv- e u-- 1 - I level-heade- - . his-clothe- s. and-when-th- biscuits' taken out 'of the many batches of of hearing oven but I have no remembrance loud or. exeither of the. sisters speak in a wonder at cited voice. I did not so much was known Sister Electa's coolness as she woman before her maras a strong-minde-d admire the . fortitndeof riage but I did the twoSister Emma, the younger of going :1 sat where I could see all that Bullock Brother on al I had great faith In and believed that he would pull through, or making which he did 'without weakening I have never met any concession whatever: ' . - . The seventh annual and fifty-nint- h quarRelief Society of terly conference of the I "int.ih stake was held in the Stake Taber- President 'Nancy A. (nltn- presiding, with. Counselor Mary II.' Stringham in charge. Seated on the stand were all the officers and members of the stake board, President Fnvesf Eaton, Patriarch Nelson Merklcy. Elders John N. Davis. Thomas Bingham, Ashley "Bartlett, James Jones, and Bishop Archie Richardson. President Emmeline B. Wells and Elizabeth McCunc of the General Board were the visitors from Salt Lake. After the opening exercises and rolll call President Nancy A. Col ton made an address nacle July 15. 19LI of welcome: she was pleased to see so many had present and more than pleased that we with us President Emmeline B. Wells. She introduced President Wells, also Elizabeth McCunc, of the General Board. .Mrs. Fannie E. Stewart gave a talk on "Power of Personal Influence." Mrs. Elizabeth McCunc gave an interest; said the ing talk of her pioneer experiences is a priceless development of pioneer life boon to all of us, only remember this, keep vour ideals high and exercise freely the opwomen in portunities which come to pioneer" ReRelief Society callings. She advised the dulief Society teachers in regard to their ties. President Emmeline B. Wells was pleased in visiting the far distant stake of Uintah; in getting spoke some of her travels to' Vernal, but said "I have a desire to visit she all the stakes from Canada to Mexico;'' related instances ot her early nie in i t Church ; spoke of the Prophet Joseph Smith: noble S peaking most feelingly of some of the of women of the past, gave quite a history the early work of the Relief Society. .Mrs. Mary H. Stringham thought .we had the been blessed this morning by haying , n( Prrulrnt Wells and Sister Mc- was Xune ; said the reason President Wells u.u.. so young was that sne nas omy nau " old. is 85 years she although days, attcr-nooThe conference continued xin the with a very large attendance. first President Emmeline B, Wells was the in toming here, what speaker. She thought wonderful things men Can do, and women, know how many too; said she would like to Societies have helped buildings ,tHcRclief. ; she spoke to build and the kind of buildings President Brig, of the storing of grain; said to the ham Young gave this, as a mission of marriage women of the Church. Spoke to teach for eternity, and advised parents of going their boys and girls the necessity -to the Temple to get married. ; , listened with President Don B. Colton had .of interest to what had been said; spoke in Rebrethren not taking as much interest should ; referred to lief Society work as they -- ' n, -- . , : 