.61 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. contributed $1,600.00 toward the tabernacle building fund. She urged all to live up l the understanding of the Gospel a reveakd ns.' to . un k; the 'A i U At: o . Cri-mion- A STAND FOR of e . i j lie :t. . t!ie d( pel-k- si .s ol" - - . re- - i Ultl UflV! eeei, . uiiaip. eieties n ihem miit 'jchurch and civic gall it tiuin v . . i re in'av slruiirr i! ' Hll - . Piuplht ei balanced in m : i y--- ! inn Im 1 it - ; lie ball' I i' t" wi'iiien, and jwu under-t.iiuhngl- ah--o exten.kd the it behuuvc- and y - u tu tl-s- e comcieii-tio'iM- ) riiil and the ii;J:t only. the thoughtful and progressive people oi the cuihed nations are aroused and at the dreadful and manifold evils that ut present are corrupting society. And it L to avd.M the better class of men (who invite 1k'4J to legislate against 'these evils that they may be put under the ban and power, of the law, that women are striving to have a voice in government. Now the eye of the whole world are upon tali and her sister'Mates where woineii enjoy the franchise, to discover, by the way we handle problems, if women really stand for reform ; to asceitain it women in general will be a vital factor in-- bringing purity, strength, and honesty into civic attairs and equal responsibility in conduct, virtue, clean habit and health into society. idle enemies oi'woman's suit rage are husbands eager to see us vote with those who place personal privilege and convenience, selfish desires and business prosperity, They will he above moral advancement. fail in proglad to see the "weaker vessels' moting or securing any legislation looking towards higher ideals. On the other hafid the struggling suffragists are watching with debated breathf ready to point with pride, moral relight, and encouragement to any form or civic betterment we may gam condemnathough we will suffer their just tion if we haven't the sense to grasp and use our power. There is no cour.se for us but to stand unequivocally for right living, correct princihave some ples and moral laws. Too long cvns men tried to persuade us that certain meetwere necessarv, w hich admission is but while making ing said evils half way; laws to regulate them is inviting them into and our ciyic midst upon a square footing, them the institutions maintained to control have proven veritable hotbeds for the growth beof crime. When great moral issues are fore us to decide we must not be swayed of -like reeds in the wind" by the .sophistry to gam ; thoe who have personal ends: from our neither should we be, tempted course by promises of earthly .prosperity. tne What does that amount to compared to we Nor should saving of the, souls of men? the predicbe frightened from our duty by believe those tion oT vorse; evils. AV ill we a part who "declare that we can have only and that, of right, only a little of thegQOd, ;. v it is useless to try for perfection? be cannot Do we forget that a high mark ? Did reached, except'by a high ,aini of when Jesus know what we were capable .d ap-i'.ilk- d L , co-equ- al ; -- God-erve- min-l-irid w and i ultimately ... 1H3UIUIV.U sureiv aiviucivi.rffiftttAi succeed, : for ''the world's problemsoftO;day pure, are sadly in need of the decisions -- of But Ave of the Church of Jesus. Christ ; orA nnt -- J he commanded, Te .ye, .therefore, perfect even as our Lather in heaven is perfect." kmnss zchat is right, then livrry wh should we hesitate and be persuaded with low ibis way and that. It is the aims and wavering decisions who have helped to bring about, in connection with one sided legislation, die double standard o virtue that is blocking the wheels of present d.iv progress. W hen men, because of their to fall into ill restronger appetites put a check upon such eoti-dupute dfd bv witjihidding their stKuety from the wrong tloers? When they acquired harmful habits and personal impurity did the fair se refuse to marry them? Or. were there too m.mv wavering ones to condone faith-iessjs and endure filthy habits until certain men considered some vices their especial privilege' At the same time the opjs'te se have seorned to wed any but perfectly virtuous and undefiled maidens. They have required virtue and irreproachable conduct from the ones thVy expected to marry. And the great majority of the gentler sex have lived up to this ideal. Have women set an equally high ideal to which men may aspire? If tint, then they are partially responsible for the double standard of conduct, and it is jjime nine uiai wouien ueuuuio muh m men, and that men reform from habits that It is are considered indecent in women. Mirelv time that women demand and vote for laws that will help to bring about this v imperative reform, which, though an appar-entlideal condition, is entirely practicable and no more than just. In the use of the ballot women a r responsible only to their God, and they must vote according to the dictates oftheir conscience, which should put the right alwvc every other consideration. What better can we do than follow the teachings of Christ who said. "Seek ye first the kingdom of God and His righteousness and all other things shall be added unto you." Surely we can trust the Master. And again, do we not believe that right will prevail? And shall we not be. of those w ho help if to do so by taking a God forfirm and noble stand. in its behalf bid that we should come under the con- the scriptures in tne (lemnation promised-iwords, "It must needs be that evil come, but woe unto those by whom it comes? There? is a great moral reform wave is sweeping civilization from end to end. It not a fad, a fancy of the theorist or a passln-ga- ct i, Satan." Mate of L tail has :..e i'ur ihe THE RIGHT. obliged to ngnt t Smith, for, this kind of recogmfionv Josepji i i . will . ! a- .' g v . who had 1ulj and he irvc women iI'UKd 'he :::;vii!e' ici a gteat purpuse the pur-pj-- e lihimg many wiciis; and in the mtert-M"t tiuih and ikrnai pri.'gressi'jn ; ;. a;.d teiittil i n admits ui no hacj-v- . .ii'i .Mep, it makes. n Itiins with evi. Jur cur-- e m laiaid b this v;h marked 'die Savior when lie aid, " iet thee out i . Women the world over are waking up to the fact that they form at least one half of the world's citizenship, and that - Mich it is their right, and their duty n well, to help direct its governmental policies God, the Lather of creation, made woman with man and gave them together the dominion of earth. The Scriptures say. 'Tie created him "in His own image, in the feimage of God created he him. male and male created he them. And God blessed them and said unto them, Be fruitful and multisubdue it; ply, and replenish the earth, and and have dominion over the fish of the sea. and the fowls of the air, and every living the earth." Mark thing that moveth upon .nn CA AA not rrWo him dominion, hut them. God has always considered woman and commissioned her as he has man. He has sent his angel messengers to her. not to henever he had a work she should perform. The Holy word tells us he made promises and gave instructions to ...hmVn' odn ihr mse of Sarah of old, also the wife of Manaoh, and Mary the mother of Christ. The Divine organizer even gave earthvoman,the greater share in. the joint forms one ly creations ipUhat she not only half of the"1 world's numbers, but she is This bringing into, life its entire population. fact' doubles her interest and concern in the conaffairs of civilization, for into whatever ditions prevail she must place her precious . contribution of himianity? blindness and Man in hismigliL n wrested- from Eves daughters their this rights in the dominion, ishence, waemo: to a.,vvv, -- ! - .1 . ' -- c:fo O-pu-- i . i t s -- A-.- t Oi 1 15fitathah-!wlrin:-.JtnipK!- : X and leadn I TAKING s(. . t Slo, "Sweet Spirit, bar My hawr? by Mrs. Lizzie Thomas Edward. rdof 'resident Wells endorsed the the other speakers and recounted experi-encein the early days f the Relief So, nty. emphasizing the value and breadth of the work. She expressed regret that more oi the deeds of the members of the assnciati"u has not been recorded, thinking that mam. were worthy of conspicuous places in the history of the Society. She expressed the hope that faith is not dying out among the young people and, to refresh the numones of the younger likmbers on important incidents of pioneer history with which he i o familiar, President WelN related the scene of the transfiguration of I'.righam Voting, saying that she had witne ed it. and that she knew the mantle of Joseph Smith came upon him. She spoke aLo of the resemblance of President Joseph L Smith to the Prophet Joseph. The conference closed with singing "Daughters of Zion," bv a choir under the direction of Lizzie Thomas Edward, ami praver by Mrs. Elizabeth C. Amy Brown Lyman, Assistant Secretary. -- ! of the Lather, restored iiiM.irati'-'- -- ing excitement. It is a genuine movement; a movement that is inevitable. It is the return sw ing of the pendulum which has gone in the direction of just as far as it can go licensed crime, sin, disease and suffering. Civilization sowed the wind wien it proinstitutions where' men vided were permitted, unrestrained, to swear, smoke, gamble, become intoxicated with Lor strong drink and debauch their purity c h;r tmmliers increased, as did with so free a privilege, the numbers of their companions in crime, dubbed the, "fallen women," had to' be increasedin numbers also, and .out of this demand and in the effort to furnish the supply has developed that commercial monstrosity the white slave. traffic. become Through these methods crime has so widespread that the sinners themselves; are appalled. Disease stalks openly through the land hewing the innocent as freely and is relentlessly as the guilty., Civilization And there is hardly reaping the whirlwind. law-protect- ed thev-naturall- y ; 