WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 56 to the Priesthood. Said no Board has a mvt vrnr felt :iiixiuti. that - we. continue on IjeautifuL hyimis anl anthems, and a solo right to change, add to or take from their Larson Invoca through tlie .new yc;tr, and knew we would iVas. riven by Sister Lottie ' officers, witnopt tne auvice ana consent oj if we would do our part awl work unitedly tion was offered ''by Elder A. Barney and those"--; Each -- Society placed over them. President was lenediction on Lord's by Pravnl'tlupronounced Messing together. have- credit for their public work, John I;. Nash. After the administration of should m all. ; for waiting on the sick and attending to the Conference Was then adjourned for six the sacrament, the meeting, was given over to the iters and conference wa resumed. dressing of the dead. Ailyised that there . ' months. j sufficient number on" the Board to xWn The statistical and financial report for Singing. Abide with Me. every Society once a month or often K. Lnvdaud. the year of 1012 was read, showing an inHannah Closing prayer, r all engaged in R crease in attendance, at the meetings. er. Prayed God to bless Effik I, Wf.i.unt., . Th rt u g v t he e fft rts - o f t he ; listers a ne w lief Society work. Sec. Pro Tern. President, E. W. Lay tonTmade closing re ted elevator has been built, with a capacity of one thousand bushels; and in. which they marks, thanking all for their -attendance an-T. JoSl.I'II STAKK. have stored four hundred and fifty bushels the choir for their beautiful- singiifg'. An A great deal of charity work nounced that conference would be adjourns! conference of the Re- uf wheat. The has been accomplished, not alone among our for six months. lief Societies of the St. Joseph Stake conKim hall. rn NTFr Cr.r vened at tlie meetindif'UM. in Thatcher, own, people, but the refugees from Mexico Stake Secretary. Sunday March the !rh. lf13. limning at have Ixren gladly assisted in. many ways. President C. M. Layton advised that, if 10 a. m. We had no visitnr from the (Jen- eral Hoard. President Klizahelh Lavtrni and possible, the wheat now stored be 'disused and when next harvest time own-dor- s and all ineni!ervt the Stake of for ca-IN MEMORIAM. Hoard present ;also Stake President An.comes,- fill the elevator with wheat of a Sudrew Kimball and Counselors, members of perior quality. Felt that the sisters were ANN OLIVER YOUNG, A HANDCART VETERAN. Harattendance L'ood the 'doin'"a work, and that High Council. Patriarch (Jlaride and Mrs. Ann Oliver Young, widow of the latt was equal to or better than the attendance ney, and a number of UMiops from the dif "Uncle" John Young, eldest brother of Presiferent wards, which was quite an encouragof any organization in the Stake. L'rged dent Bricham Younc. died Dec. 24. at 9:30 conand wa the to mothers feature. JThe society, get inging morning join ing young, m. at the home of her brother Samuel Oliver difin in the is it from which time the in anl the, East Mill Creek. given executing .pent gregational good VVe Mrs. Young was born Sept. 26th, 1832, ai should not the bunos art of the program. ferent subjects tanght. beFirst Counselor Selena Phillips who was slacken our efforts' to. make our societies the Whaddon, Cambridgeshire, England. She came a member of the Church of Jesus Christ in charge, welcomed the siMers ; .hoped the.' !est in the world. of Latter-daSaints' in 1851; in 1856, she emiSecond Counselor Frances Kimball gave grated to Utah in one of the hand-cawould gain renewed courage and interest in comattending .our conferences for there is vi a talk 'oh the education of our girls the panies of that year, arriving, here in Septemmuch we can do to build ourselves up in the true education wherein they might be ber. In 1857. sh was married to John Young until work of the Iord. Spoke of utilizing our taught their high ami holy mission which .and continued to reside toin Salt Lake City ana Last Mill Creek when she moved i i :., they were sent on earth to perform, that of 1873, took up her residence with her brother, Samuel our minds on the various subjects which will I the sacredncss of motherhood. Deplored Oliver. "Aunt" Ann was a consistent Latter-daSaint and proved faithful to every obligafit us to perform our parts, in life. the fact that the shrinking from this responOf a modest and retiring disposition, tion. Reports, written and verbal, from several sibility was gaining ground among our lattershWarcly sp.oke of the trials and hardships n.r sin this of the Saint Showed IV II Ulll.l -day IV U, HI"I tl ill. girls. jJ through .which she passed during the early setLast" was beautifully rendered by Sister evil and strongly urged mothers to teach tlement of Utah. Her passing removes anFfiie MonticrHi. veterans, whose heroic Reports resumed, all their daughters that no mission could equal other of the hand-car- t is an fortitude inspiration to those who are showing- fairly good work done along the that of bringing into the world those spirits" with this, portion- - of the history of lines of Relief activities. held in reserve m the .spirit world, which acquainted Saints. the Latter-da- y Sifter Mary K. Taylor spoke by way" of God has ordained to assist jri theTconsumma-- " Mrs. Young had no children of her own, but work.' Thought has been a mother to the seven children of encouragement to the teachers, explaining f ion of this great latter-da- y the duties of this high calling, and urged we should be more conservative in our dress, herxbrother, Samuel Oliver, who were deprived of a mother's care at an early age. These, with that they magnify their work along this amusements, food, etc. the nine grandchildren,, have, been her constant line. Said they shouhseek to understand Sister Emma B. Coleman spoke of our care. the principles of the Gospel, for we cannot several duties as Latter-da- y Saints, as memgive what we do not possess. Said they bers of the Relief Society, and as mothers should seek the. Lord in earnest prayer to be in Israel. SaifFifAve taught our children "THY WILL BE DONE." to livejarid love the. Gospel while they are inspired as to what is most needed is homes they visit.. Their work also to young, when they grow up, though they 'Tis true in life weNjft must yearn relieve1 the needy, to comfort the moti friers, might", possibly stray I way for a jime" they Wail o'ef an infaritempty cot; and in all things seek' to do that which will have something to remember and event-- 5 Some go away that ne'er return. tends to better and' higher conditions in life ually come" back to, while those who have But O, the home is ne'erforgOt; among the Saints. Said wc must put forth been neglected, have nothing to remember We weep when God our loveclprie calls, every effort to have all the married sisters with love, and may never come back. 'Mid fallingo tear wf- vield riifn ud:' enrolled in the Relief Society. j A recitation, "What has she done? and We tremble when the cold sod falls Sister Josephine Kimball, who recently the reply," was given by Sister Emma MerAnd we must drink the bitter cup visited the Franklin Ward, which is about rill. Some at the altar we must leave, sixty miles away, reported the Society in a President Andrew Kimball read an Yield unto man the love we prize; bill." now being discussed in the very prosperous condition, the sisters feeling And pray they ne'er, may rue or grieve, well in their work, -- their, meetings resumed Legislature and likely to become a law, and While tears that blister fill pur eyes. after a siege of sickness, and a determina- made comment thereon. This has been got-- : tion on their part to do better and more ten up mostly contenfc Why cannot we be more the influence of the through :" God Our Ite gave; and Parents Class of the efficient w ork. Had held a may take away ; School, and Sunday sometimes are Disguised blessings sent, entertainment by which they had replenished hoped that the efforts forth would not O say "Thy will be done" alway. put their funds. All felt well and an enjoyable be fn vain- Spoke of Lydia D. Alder. tithing and obedience time was had. The Stake Relief Society officers were presented and unanimously sustained. Sister Alice Pace was. added to the Hoard.. Meeting-- - was- - adjourned until - 2 p, m, The most Singing, "Zion prospers, all is well." in Ladies'' Styles Benediction Was pronounced by Laura4 Suits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts, and Barney. - " "Conference was resumed at 2 n. m. The Waists ; . '; . . Priges. ... session was held in connection with the regular Sabbath services. The choir sang some THE STORE WHERE YOU CAN FEEL AT HOME ' I - - . K'' . . -- b-- 1 . I m Suni-Annu- al ff -- h, -- . y rt . . y V 1 1 I V. 1 - ; - -- -- ' " " my-tri- e . , "i X . - - "Anti-cigaret- te -- re-uni- , on -- R. K. THOflAS CO., 'becoming (- , at Popular -- MSS ' 