WOMAN'S The Groan of the 41. V-.l- . Latter-da- y V Exponent. Saints1 Woman's Relief Society: SALT LAKH CITY, UTAH, DKCKMliKR, No! 12. .1913 CONTENTS. Mpii "Srci. Revcla:or, Pr iliet Vnnie WilU Cannon SI Moroni's. !,c Ancl I'rojihecv .Lydia 1). Al.lcr K.1 nnt lUtsy's Legacy Annie Will Cannon S5 I at eh Mothi-HmoMrv ( Industry Relief Society Kep rts: 88 NcImi Stake , iMitorial: .. K4a The Relief Society Outline 84 The National ..Council 84 .Wociation N'ational Suffrage 1 i I d r u-ori- . . . . Votes 86 S-- Poetry: Maud The Gift Divine The Star of Uethlehein. . Lydia . 81 Haarlcy Alder I). THE GIFT DIVINE. TO. MARY. ' liy Maud Haarlcy. Anl thou wouldst write, dear child r O, say not so! I :or thou ninM know And feel, and suffer E'er the words thy pen A grace to save, shall give to men, And thou Jo.ff!e an open jjravc mnt wail; And thou must tarry too, Without the close shut gate. That bars thee from some joy Thy soul doth crave. Perchance, thy heart shall break! . Hut this I say anain. Full measure shall ye have of pain! And sorrow too shall scar thy heart: For these are part; And parcel of the gift divine. Then walk the common way of hie. Unheard, unknown. f And sing thy little song of love In joyful under-towFor God will see; And all shall be well with thine and thee. But if the gift were given you at birth, Or e'er thou earnest to this earth Fare forth, with spirit bold And keep thy vision undented; hd sing high songs of hope and cheer; And do not cry aloud aVioss or pain But count them gain! And laugh; And priestess be of One Most High; And guafd well the sacred fire f i X , e ' That untVihee is given It shall rmender pure desire; And light wen back to Heaven. e JOSEPH-SE- REVELATOR, PROPHET ER, " To the Latter-da- y Saint, no figure save tbnt nf the Master himself, stands out with ot such- clearness and perfection as that ,. Toseph Smith the Prophets an ui Like most, had stronglv to his father's affections,and envy ready created feelings of jealousy in his brothers' hearts, and when, aided by his his natural gifts, he assumed to declare envy future as seen in his dreams their them knew no bounds, and he was sold by hastened into Egypt, which unknowingly 1 hat the the very fulfilment of his dreams. God was with him, even, power and gift of as a child, is evident. al- y prophet had Joseph; the lter-dathereof and dreams and inXeVpretations a child , visions, and revelations, when only related them to hi., and, like Joseph of old,, of whom believed him when, fatheTThousehold, most'.aid Like Joseph was upon mission his placed t)ld, arid credited whathe he effof advent "The he was.stillabny. was comely, straight and beautiful he also, for called be to m his counerent prophets has seemed ; his soul shone look to upon the to diver and his ways were gent e. by the necessity of the ae,evil and darktenance thoughts of mankind from turn the turbu- ' Samuel also was a mere lad when the to .him. He ness spiritual crift of prophecy came upon agam lent waters stirfed by. the adversary from infancy in ..the serreared fed been to the peace and calm of God. God by a religious mother. His v Toseph, son of Jacob, when a child sau vice oduties' had been rather to serve than early came, in "dreams his future poweiin(l grejitjss to chctate, and yet when the occasion uas f and with the still a youth, his mighty .pcro.er lessf though brothers. and 4o these dreams to his manifested we read how hejredicted wick. because of the ' less aim so J EH the fall of his home which appealed ness landsritiial nature,. - it-n- k't ot m, f - . cdness of his sons. In later life he became a judge and great prophet in Israel. a religious Joseph Smith was reared by and devout mother, who never doubted the divine mission, of, her son when he related Like to her his marvelous experiences. Samuel he became a prophet who brought about great reforms, warned the wicked, and taught most wondrous truths. Daniel, another of the. great prophets, a youth. He manifested spiritual foresaw and foretold the destiny of nations" and to him alone was made plain the vynt-inon the wall. To him also was given others the interpretation of dreams. Like 6f the prophets he received divine protechim bodily tion so that no. one could do . harm until his mission was. ended. and power. Joseph Smith had Like Daniel, he was many times miracuand possilously saved from bodily injury the destiny of ble death. He also, foretold of that most nations and warned the people . Civil war. terrible of strifes-rt- he as a shep-David first attracted attention nis . . avpii then his prowess, x.v nerui ouy , thest than. all. ability, his Slrcnutli avl niorc his lQftysplr,Cniale h.m physical qualitif s gifts-whe- like-gift- s - . . V t.. 