WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 80 the good the Relief Society sisters wece do- -' ing in this stake in regard to faking care ot the sick, gave a strong testimony to the Gospel of Jesus Christ. ' Mrs. Elizabeth McCune sppte of the National' Educational convention, which had been held in' Salt Lake City.; thought much good had been done by their meetings. There is another item we want to Are we doing our duty toward our dead? There arc temples built where we can work for the salvation of the dead; spoke of the genealogical work that was being accomplished through the Relief Society, and when you are ready for the work an instructor will be sent to you. President Emmeline B. Wells spoke of the time when she embraced the Gospel; spoke of a miracle which happened to a young girl, had been who had been lame for years,-anrestored to health when she was baptized; Kkc of her personal acquaintance with the Prophet Joseph Smith; related most interesting, experiences concerning the Prophets Joseph Smith and Brigham Young, and the early days of the Church. Elder liar ley Morley spoke of when the Relief Society was organized ; said he knew the Prophet Joseph Smith, having lived with him for three years. He knew he was a great and mighty man and accomplished a great work.x Mrs. Annie K. Bartlett, in behalf of the stake board, tlianked all for helping to make this conference a success. After singing and benediction the conference adjourned. During the two sessions beautiful music was rendered by the choir and Mr. Ashley Bartlett, Miss Melvina Duke and a number .of little girls from Maeser ward, also a recitation by Mary Merkley. An officers' meeting was held for the purpose of answering questions pertaining to the Relief Society work. Pit ere A. Merkley, Secretary. speak-abou- . Singing, "How firm a foundation." Prayer by Sister Mary Holman. ' I)Mrinfr the noon hour an excellent lunch was; furnished and served by the Sanford Ward Relief Society, which was" enjoyed very 'much by all. - AFTEKN'jOON SESSION. t. acquaintance with Sister Wells for 65 years this dear sister has been engaged in thi' great and grand work for a great main years. Sister Hannah D. Dalton felt to 'appreciate the privilege of expressing her appreciation of being blessed with having our beloved President Wells with us. The Maiiassa "Primary Association san a song. Brother John A. Smith reported- - briefly ins lauors as a missionary in uie iasieni States Mission. ' We were then favored with singing by ; At 2 rp. m. the conference was resumed by the choir singing, "Lord wilt Thou hear me when I .pray." Prayer by Brother Kphraim Coombs. Singing by the Manassa Relief Society. Mimitcs of Relief Society Stake Confer- Sister Artie Rogers-- . President Wells addressed the meeting at ence held at Manassa Aug. .6, 1912, were read. Misses D. A. Molerup of Salt Lake some length; she felt to encourage love and City and Mary Thompson of Idaho, two charity; learn to, be kind and good to the see-tlady missionaries in the Western States old, also to the poor who are afflicted, it that they arc made happy. Guard our Mission and at present located at .Alamosa, Colo., reported briefly their experiences in children that they may not go astray ; honor and obey the priesthood. She related some the mission President Erastus S. Christcnsen of her early experiences in the Church; and bore her testimony that Joseph Smith and felt to appreciate the opportunity of listenwere indeed Prophets of ing to two lady missionaries report ther Brigham Young labors. Spoke of the prophecies of old, how God. Meeting closed by singing the Doxology. they are being fulfilled; how the Gospel is Prayer by Sister Lena H. Heiselt. being spread, also dVelt upon the organizaBernecia Rogers, tion ; felt indeed pleased for the fact of havStake Sec. ing our great and beloved Sister Wells in our midst. We were then favored with a song by Sister Leah Block. President Wells NOTES AND NEWS. of the the Relief of ; h;story" spoke Society some beautiful instructions to As' the suffrage cause steadily advances-igave vciy America without serious and alarming parents in regard to their childrren, see that live in the upheavals and terrorizing incidents, the they worthy ofj being married Related American woman is too prone to criticize Temple, q .wonderful testimony Smith that Joseph was a Prophet of God, and condemn the English militants. One said she was personally acquainted with him, seeks to gain by persuasion and reason what remembered seeing the Prophet going to the other seeks by force, and yet when conditions and facts are thoroughly considered, prison. William O. Crowther. wished to urge the the cause and effect of the militants well work of the Relief Society, also felt to apmay be the power to hasten the. work of the suffrage cause. When the militants repreciate the splendid Relief Society choir. President Harrison felt pleased with our ceive the attention and best thought of great conference, wished fo thank our choir for writers and publishers like Ida Kenton and in. furnishing such lovely singing; gave notice Israel Zangwill, in their splendid articles that President Emmeline B. Wells will hold the Century and Metropolitan magazines, SAN LUIS STAKE. meeting at Manassa tomorrow at 2 p. m. ; the severe judges of the English. suffragette will begin to learn that there is atieconomic invited all to try and be present. Closed our conference by singing "Be it and valuable problem, in the world's history The conference of the San Luis Stake yet to solve. "Relief Society was held in the Sahford my only wisdom." Benediction by Bishop Christe Jensen. Ward meeting house, Sanford, Colo., Aug. 11, 1913, commencing at 10 a. m. The mornTHIRTY-FOURTing session was stake and ward officers' ANNUAL ANNOUNCEMENT meeting, President 'Johanna M. Harrison f A special session; of Relief Society ConOF residing. Roll call showed officers present, ference was called for President Emmeline 24. Minutes tof stake and ward officers1 B. Wells held in Manassa, Colo., in the stake meeting held Aug. .16, 1912, were read house, Aug. 12, 1913, President Johanna M. President Johanna M. Harrison extended a Harrison presiding, i ' loving and tender greeting to those assemSong,-- "High on the mountain bled; felt they should be free in reporting Prayer by Brother Stephan A. Smith. top." Singand asking questions ; considered it a great "Guide us O thou great Jehovah." ing, and grand honor to have our General PresiBeginning October 6,1913. President Harrison made a few opening Hours 9 to 12 a.m. ' her dent, Emmeline B. Wells, present at our remarks, beexpressed appreciation in conference. blessed For full particulars communicate with with 7 the ing pleasure Of having with President Emmeline B. Wells felt, us .our beloved President Wells. ELLIS R. SHIPP, M. D., delighted to meet with the Relief SoSister Haskell J. Margaret of her this stake of of spoke sisters the Second ; 713 spoke Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah days ciety when, the Saints lived in Nauvoo ; related the organization of the Relief Society by the 0 Pronhet Tosenh Smith, with 18 members. Main and at present the membership is 45,000; city. spoke ot ttie reports tnat will be expected from the stakes at Relief Society 'conference becoming Stvles in T when held in Salt Lake City, Oct. 2, 1913. Suits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts; Bishop James P. Jensen of the Sanford ward was delighted witF"the beautiful reWaists Prices. . . marks of . ou r dear President Wells, the work of the Relief Society is progressing. THE STORF WHERE YOU CAN . o d - field-Stak- e ; H -- Dr. Ellis R. Shipp's SCHOOL OF NURSING AND OBSTETRICS . ' - " " -- perfectly -- RKi THOHAS 67-6- CO., salt street, lake jnost " at Popular and ;. FEEL AT HOME n 