WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 82 " the superior of all his house. "As a great ruler and warrior he is admired; as a and a poet he is doved. hl the whole realm of lyric poetry" there, is nothing that approaches the songs" of David, and the- tenderness and pathos of these snijs if there had been n tiling elv, would have immortalized his name. oseph Smith, too, was athlct'ic, straight and powerful in build, he could throw the ' Mrougest in a wrestling match, yet he never assumed to use his physical strength - anv purpose other than tr eie. He never' attained playful exer political power vet no kin:: was more beloved nor revered by his subjects than the later-da- y prophet bv liis followers. His words of admoni tion, wisdom, prophecy, praise and glorifi cation of the Most High, like the songs of David.- vibrate the heart strings and will echo flown through the generations of - tune. So all along the line of prophets, are the same, attributes noticeable and much the same, of adventure and experience. In his later years. Joseph, while continuing his prophetic teachings, had that tender mourn-- f illness and sublime resignation which have always marked the. character of the martyrs. Though hated, derided, persecuted, even unto death, there was" never a sign of weakness nor retraction in the true proph it.s. for a iower not of earth sustained them. It was when Joseph was a lad of fourteen that he went, with troubled spirit into the woods and prayed the Lord to show him the right way; and it was in answer t i. t,: ui. i. i" mis Hijci ii ma ne reeeiveu nis nri vision. I' mm that time until his martyrdom, at the age of thirty-ninwere him mighty and everlasting truths to lead those who would believe to eternal happiness. Of himself he said.: ."I am a rough' slone. The sound of the hammer and chisel was never heard on me until the Lord took mp in hand. I desire the learning and wjidom of heaven alone." Vet. what a testimony to, the world is given in the wondrous things revealed by this "humble, uneducated man uneducated, as he says, save by of God! him the Through gospel of Christ was to the earth the priesthood brought again " . x , e, the-po- wer The great progress in the status ' of woman which is now so marked was foretold by Joseph, when he organized the women into the Relief Society. A "School of the Prophets" for religious teaching was organized ''in Kirtland. The gathering of the pure in heart from among the nations of the earth that Zion might be built and her light shine over all the world, was inaugurated. The stranger, noting the unanimity and harmony that existed among the people, asked Hie question of the Prophet, 'How do you The reply was, "I. govern these people? them correct teach, principles and they ern themselves'." He revealed the Word of Wisdom, 'e4cning mankind the necessity of pure lives that death and disease may be ' VV kf niv. uiiurevTo ui lyuo liU die all ing most to assist men to care for life advance the same ideas. die revealed the great and glorious work of baptism for the dead, thus fulfilling the prophecies thai "the hearts of the children shall-turto their fathers." In a word, dur ing the short period of twenty-fou- r years marvelous ?.hd remarkable truths- were -- -- IV- ' ; n - given to the jcople concerning the things of God w hich had, furnished food-fo-r thought an'd study' for all the years follow ing his death. "We are only now developing his thoughts and trying to understand and comprehend his marvelous life and teachings. TJie impress lie has made upon this. people makes all Latter-daSaints feel as though he- was a part of them. How, then, must those feel who knew ami associated with him Their testimony is that he was different from other men, so that thoe who. had never seen him before could distinguish him in a crowd ; could feel the magnetism of his presence, would rather be a silent onlooker when he was near than participate in any kind of pleasure. These are testimonies of his possesion of some power and influence more than natural. Let the Saints forever retain in their hearts a reverence and love for so sublime a character. Perhaps no words better portray the man than the following from the pen of President George Q. Cannon: lad Di'.'He had been a humble-farmevine authority sat so becomingly upon him that' men looked at him with reverent awe. He had been unlearned in the great things of art and science he walked with God until human knowledge was to his eyes an open book, and celestial light beamed His loftv soul com- through his' mind. prehended the grandeur of his mission upon earth ; and with divine fortitude he fulfilled the destiny which God had ordained for him before he was." Annie W. Cannon. I y in-lif- eh" - - . -- THE ANGEL MORONI'S PROPHECY.c "Your name shall be had for good and evil all .over the world.". Amidst the w armest, felicitations, and most enthusiastic applause of the thousands assembled in the large Philharmonic hall, Congress in Berlin had adjourned. The official ami grandest social function of that great vent took place on the evening of the same day.l The city council had issued six hundred invitations, and voted ten thousand marks for the banquet. The guests were the representatives of all lauds, and included the speakers of the. Congress, the German Council of Women, the several Gennnn committees of the Congress, and the citv oihcials of Berlin. ; About 8 o'clock, hundreds of carriages deposited the guests at the "crand entrance of the municipal building. At the foot of the wide:j white mnrhlrv stairway, with its bright crimson earnetn liveried servant stood on either side to receive the guests' cards of invitation.' The upper hall was gay with flags, ban-"- " ners and bunting ; the air laden with srrm'n.' of dreamy ..'music, and the nerfuw nf iiowerh. i was bewilder-ingl- y beautiful tinder the c.ha firmer rntnrc of the electric display, permeating the foamy' ui Knv. luiuium vvincn iaus in on plants and flowers. The many voices mingled with, the hand's witch ing strains as each guest was received, or friends met and greeted each other. ... , 8 at the clock Germnn q i'reciseiy proverbially punctual the massive doors of the banquet hall were thrown-- onen n,i t u merry throng entered. A band stniinmvi the upper gallery played glad strains of el- -- the-Quinqu-ennia -- -- - . -- a av ft , come. Iii'thc 'main hall a number of tables, exquisitely adorned with llov, ! glisteiiing with glass and abounding delicacies, presented an inviting appear;: The Cat of arms of Berlin a brow n about ix inches in height, with silken the German colors, holding with his stall guests' color roses, was- placed at each p! The etTect was strange and .unique, At a table on the right, were eatr presiding officers of the Congress and The Countess of Aberdeen, ,the newlv e! :d president, was of ditinguishcl .appe ance; the gems' in her coronet glistened changed color at her every movement. .V her was our own loved Mrs. Mav Wri- Sew all. the retiring president, with I. t ... 1! f '1 pienuiu eoronci oi suvery w uue nair. The assemblage, the music, the sculptiuthe paintings; the feast of reason and t' tlow of soul were entrancing. Ten oV1h found Us again in the reception hall, While standing here, by the fountain, it rays now green or amber, crimson or go'.i I found by my side my little German friend, who sat by me at the table, and who tlu for nie, the German speeches "O, I am, so glad to meet vou again; wiK you remain here, while I go for mv niece. she is so anxious to meet a 'Mormon'?" Sht returned soon with a rather diminutive, brown-eyed- , young lady, who asked m alwt "your boy prophet," and wliy we went to live in a mountainous desert. "Naturally the answer was an account of the anger-visi- t to the boy Joseph ; the prosecutions and martyrdom of the Prophet, the exodus of the Saints from Nauvoo. and the long Western journey. At the close of the interview, the lady ' seemingly.-jjuichinterested, a expressed hope that we might meet again, and we parted with a warm clasp of hand-- . Then was conscious that there, surrounded by the wealth of the world ; splendor and brilliance such as I had never before beheld; the purple, the fine linen, and the rglitter of gems, where one would never dream the prophet's name would be mentioned, the prophecv of the angel was again ' -- i ! i - j j j i . j x 1 1 1 : I ! I I T . fulfilled. , Near us a lady had been standing who advanced, and I recognized Fnau Weiner, at whose home only two or three days before we had attended a musical and reception. After a genuine German greeting, sue said. "Will vou remain in Berlin, now the Con gress is over?" Being answered in the she added, "I will send my card, will you come to my house? I would hear more of the 'Mormons' ?" Gladly the invitation "was accepted, with a promise to come. This was .on Saturday evening. On the following Monday morning, a servant n livery appeared at" bur lodgings with two cards ; one bore the name of his mistress, the other the time of our promised visit. at 3- p.m. found the writer at 'Wednesday ITT rraii weiner.s palatial residence in an ans- tOCratlCliarter nf "Rertin Affer ttie iiQim! greet in g our hostess led the way into an adjoining room, where according to German custom. sheserved dainty, refreshments. If one does not eat with the Germans they are grieved, and think you are not pleasedlwith them. After tea was. served, our hostess said: ''Xowteil me about your religion ; you know, f never heard of it, until I heard at the ymrconversihg with Fraulein S ' banquet." The account of the visit of the Angel -- af-nrmati- ve. -. T 