WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 88 Kood of Indeed, our sex have been listintfuilKil. it is ly the application. of this of Santaquin for their kindness and" hospitality, and thanked all who had taken pan. After benediction, conference adjourned for three months. Kuz.v A. Hawkins, " ' Cor. Sec. come to all. who came to conference, and President Dixon responded to. the welcome prin- ' . ciple to their 'lives that they have become given. the done work in the of brief A report trulv ood or truly great.'; It is said of Jesus Martha. S. that He went continually' about doing good, last year was given by Councilor hence we see industry was prominent part Kapple. Sister Sarah J. Cannon of the General of His character, and no one can truly say conference. She espehe iva faithful follower of.Je.Mis. unless his Hoard, addressed the cially urged the sisters tp. take more interest faith is made manifest by his works. I in coming to their meetings and to make I can bear testimony myself that when have the Spirit of Clod upon me, I am led their reports read better every year; sjoke life of genealogical work; she made many good li lie industrious and my pursuitsme.:inmuch remarks. though in a humble sphere, give Sister Elizabeth S. Vicck of the .Gencomfort and happiness. 'My home, or. rather is my heaven, and eral Hoard addressed the sisters in her pleasinv. husband's hou-all the when I can make it comfortable and neat, ing wav ; said she had known mot president- and leaders of the Relief Societies fir) I am improving my heaven. the It is in this sphere that the faith of thoe throughout the Church. The mission of ut inv six is madew manifest, for here are Relief Society is to build eople up and help them, and to be prayerful; also spoke of the their works .seen. And how true it is that by their workpower of the. rPiesthood and how we are suer fruits vc shall know them. No one can blessed every day of our lives by this hide himself, for all have their sphere to preme power. Hishop Ilalliday of SsJitaquin ward said act in. And therein will their works make . . THE STAR OF BETHLEHEM; Wise nun liccnu a change among ttu- star-- , hi distant lands tlicy had a wonder coi, An orb most luminous had .come between The shining heavenly worlds, what could it - 1 and-cCQuragiu- mean, Its light bars? e. - - the heaxu:!;. through 1 their character manifest. fndutry in the domestic circle makes home happy- And I consider that women require intelligence to guide their efforts and direct their energies in their sphere as do not know that I can much, as men. express the importance which I feel belongs to their duties when we take in consideration that the infant soul. mind, and lodv is committed to their care. I would ask where I believe is there greater responsibility?' nowhere. Ami like all other responsibilities it requires the constant enjoyment of the Spirit of Cod to enable us to discharge' our duty faithfully and acceptably In this capacity a woman is president. She is called to her to act as a physician and a little flock or charge.. She is all this in connection, with her husband. Hv wojnan's industry a great deal can be of the accomplished in the furtherance workof her husband. If she is faithful and industrious she lightens' his load; bears part of his burden ; anticipates his wants and is truly what was designed to be a helpmate. I know by past experience, they can do a great deal by their industry. Many' of us recollect the second year of our settlement here, how eager we were to raise crops,, but this could not be. done without industry. We had brought with u.Ofrowi St. Louis two hens; from these we "raised 60 chickens. Notwithstanding our scarcity, this I have not been able to do since, though we liave had plenty. We had four quarts of potatoes for seed, and by carefulness and industry we raised from them. 25 bushels of potatoes. 1 know I am not the' only one who could tell similar cases of the effects of industry. ' I pray God to bless us and enable us U: be industrious, that we may fill the measure of our creation, that in tite end. our works may be done and well done to His acceptance, in the name of Jesus. Amen. - 1 law-giv- . er . RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. - STAKE. JJEBO ; : Minutes of Nebo Stake Relief Society conference held Sept. 19. 1913, at Santaquin ward. President Eliza J. Dixon presiding. A ff pr thp nnpnnio- fvf'rrlv-liv vinmncr Henrietta Teitjen, President of Relief So ciety of Santaquin ward, gave a loyal wel i ' - i Mut as. they watch the star in brilliance It moves, and they, to learn its destiny, grr. Prepare to follow where so e'er it be. To other lands r ar beyond the sea, The stranger keep in sight where e'er it gu.. )'er Itethlehein the guiding star standstill. And there in Mary's arms they find the' Child; Their hearts o'er fill with rapture wild. When kneeling round he on them smiled This I'abe who came to do his Father's will these Relief Society conferences always brought some blessing with them, ami the sisters alwavs bring sunshine with their presence: also sjoke of many good things the Relief Society had done in the Santaquin ward. President Dixon gave a short talk. Singing". Lord dismiss us with thv bless- - While shepherds wait without the manger hi.i. I.o! Kastern-kingmake princely offering t precious spices, such as camels bring Acros. the desert, to. the new born King- Significant the gifts those wise nun bore. mg. The royal birth declared by angels' voice, Benediction, bv Lars Ahlien. Conference adjourned until 1 :30 p. m. Brought love to all mankind, where e'er they be, Which thrills' our hearts e'en though we max not see, The blazing star in earth's fair canopy. Nor join the lirphrnl;' song when they rejoice. :30 p m. Conference reconvened at President Eliza J. Dixon presiding. of My Soul. Singing, Jesus 'raver. lishop I lalliday. Our hearts are touched xxith pathos of Christ' Singing. Count your many blessings. word: Minutes of afternoon session read and "flow oft I would haxe gathered you." In cried. approved. And grieved that they companionship denied, Sister Elizabeth S. Wilcox spoke on the. him and from him turn aside subject, "The Little Things That Count." AsRejecting if his pleadings they had never heard. She spoke very emphatically on our duty to our children. 'Yet now his natal day brings songs of love. The Christmas bells w ith happy, noisy chime, Sister Sarah J. Cannon wished to enRing down the ages to remotest time dorse all that had been said by Sister WilE'er wakening chords of music, most sub cox, and commented on how the Relief lime membership when first organized The song the angels sang in vaults above. numbered only 18. members, and now the Lydia D. Alio. is 45,000; spoke verv emphat membership ically on Temple work and getting work THIRTY-FOURTdone for the dead. President Eliza J. Dixon wished that the j ANNUAL ANNOUNCEMENT Relief Society presidents of each ward OF would send a representative to join the' Nurses' Class, of Instruction, held at Salt 1 -- 1 1 -- So-socie- ty ' H -- Citv. Clara R. Evans felt to thank the Lord for the many; blessings and was so thankful that the visiting1 sisters were here with us today ; she also spoke of the temptations .of our young people. Brother Jerman felt well paid for corning to conference,- 'anil wished to assist them in Dr. Ellis R. Shipp's SCHOOL OF NURSING AND OBSTETRICS ke - anv wav.. President Dixon thanked R 1 the., Beginning October 6, 1913. Hours 9 to 12a.nL . -- ' M. D., , 713 Second .Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah A C THAfl UVi XtXJ nf MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY. 67-6- 9 IX. 1 The most becoming Styles in Ladies' 'Suits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts-- arid raists at Popular Prices. 1 THE STOBF WHERE f For full particulars communicate with ELLIS R. SHIPP, good people ' - .... ': YOU CAN FEEL AT HOME 