7 woman's 38 long centuries held us back here; these are tW mountains we have to lift, but in a way ue know they can ami. will be lilted, ratbc they arc measurable and known, and we haveimply to "plan the bet means of overcoming nbta'cles which have a certain uniformity in character in spite of variability in detail. Tut you in. America have to meet la constantly clianging meshwork uf human and economic problems: What you may plan in one place can be of no use in another. Your mountains of difficulty seem to me to be making and building themselves as fast 'as you go forward, owing to your teady intlux of eojle and iapid growth ot new communities. Organization, complete and yet elastic, is the hope of your Council, and the country whon: women gavcHhe International Council. of Women to the world, is well able to produce an organization that shall meet even the exceptional difficulties of the States! I am looking forward with pleasure to meeting yourself and other ouncil workers at The Hague in a few months. I don't know where Miss Keys is at present, but I sent copies of my letter a Convener of the I. C. W. Education Committee to you and Mrs. Jameson-Miller- , as well as to Miss Keys, and I shall be glad if you happen to have an early opportunity of consulting your committee whether there is any resolution connected with educational affairs that you wish to put forward at The Hague as suitable for consideration at the Quinquennial 'Council meetings. I low are the education and choice of employment" bureaus for boys and girls progressing in the States? 1 have had a good deal of correspondence asking. for my advice from educationists in New York State, .Massachusetts, Illinois, Chicago, etc., and I know for certain ot several schools that are following the system started in Edinburgh. Ioston, for example, has been developing the work splendidly in connection with the Hoard of Education. Ever kindly yours, C -- , Maria M. Ogilvie Gordon, Vice President International Council of Women. THEORETICAL DANGERS DANGERS. AND REAL The militarists demand this w inter three or four new battleships, 'but can conjure up no fresh danger to justify these. Their plea is that we shall lose our place as the second naval power if we do not provide them. Thcv are infatuated with the glow of a bad eminence as is a child bragging of his father's having a bigger mortgage than his neighbor's, ,or& a citizen in peaceful Ohio that lie has more "peacemakers in his hip pocket" than the feudsman in. the Kentucky mountains. Unlike Germany, our'countrv stands in no dread of the greatest naval power on earth with wdiorii we are presently 'to celebrate a hundred, years of peace and with whom we. can have a complete arbitraof tion compact he moment that our Senate will permit. We face .no dangers that threaten France or Germany, yet we are vainly ambitious- to keep ahead of them in the nations' mad race toward bankruptcy. No nation can mae our boast that "We have neyerOyet been attaclved we be we ever had. We gan ever' foreigrr-w- ar have no enemy in the wide world and we are protected by two great oceans. - two-thir- - - ds expont: Though standing like . giant in our a. se- - I , cunty 'looking at the Continental nations w ue i in t nat resnect are niL'tnies. we urn- - idlv crv out that: -- We dare not lead them ' . t f t - I .1 on tne iatn tnat It Honer or laier iaKe, but since we glory in leadership we will take their downward path and go them one bet- A. aii-mu- ur." si What- matters it to - ; t t HOME SOCIALS. It is hard to always say the right things at the right time and place ; and many times when mother feels in the mood of giving advice and instructions, children turn and are not willing to receive, it. I am sure it is a splendid plan to have a time set apart in the home, to read a little scripture each day, and a little talk on home duties, and what we owe to each other. That, with our family prayers, will keep the home machinery running more smoothly, draw family ties more closely, children and parents will understand each other better. And children will reverence homeland parents more. It brings a sweet spirit in the home. Oh. if we would onlv take the time, and not get in such a hilrrv tosret through life that we cannot take time for these little family courtesies. Thev.will.be remembered by all in after life with greater satisfaction than anything else. -- ? venient, then one other evening in the w coum oe. lateen as a lamuy social rreiwre wmc nice. iJiuiriaiuiue, v. talks, music, comic sayings, readings, .... uaioe?, luitMiiuims ni. ituuminis, tures, either of these. or a number of th mixed. Hut let that night be kept for family social, and not interfered with auytlimg, it it possuny can he avoi Father, mother, and each child should be there to enjoy this family social togeti It mav save many a heart ache, and n save us from going down in sorrow to grave, ami our loved ones from goi: CU ft A i thee militarv ajarmists that our protection irom hre is so slight that we annually burn up seven times a much as all Europe'; that last year 35,000 citizens were killed and halt a million wounded in the constant industrial warfare in which we give our toilers such feeble weajxms of defence tfiat ezrry year 000,000 l ins means simcruans peristi needlessly, 'It that forty per cent of all who die are vic tims of preventable conditions conditions which could be changed if we cared more for human life tlian for "prestige." What care these scaremongers for the refusal of Congress to appropriate an addition. $75,000 to our National. Educational Bureau when it pays $15,000,000 for one battleship? or for the fact that Congress has given to the National Children's Bureau annually much ies man me annual cost ior repairs on two torpedo destroyers : Why all this folly about vain prestige and upiMisititotis danger in preence of the real and awful dangers in our midst? lias the safest countrv jn the world the moral cour- age to sink its injor ambitions and divert the new expenditure asked 4or three new battleships to saving the lives of citizens who will otherwise have perished before a year has passed? Lucia Ames Mead, Chairman Peace Dept. of Nat. Council of Women. t I . I astray. am sure we will have no regrets For it wi our efforts in this direction. cause our dear ones to love home a: f family ties more, and not care to stray au.r. Let' us try thiv for other amusements. though we may have to make sacrifice fur it, vet it will pay four fold in the end. N'oth ing introduced, of course but that whicli wholesome and gexxj. We cannot realic how much we are losing by neglecting thi blessed duty: i ins woum ue a j;uuu nine occasionum to talk over attajrs ot nome lite, ani uu gest methods of, improvement that w ill be:i eht home and each ' member thereot. and each one have a part in it..; And thus they will be more interested, bringing' unity m improvements, of all kinds. The same may be done in financial concerns of the home. parents and all sharing the burdens t gether. Let each member take his part in these home evenings, saving. .any. Tittle tiling they think would contribute, to the pleasure of the family for that occasion, taking care nothing gets monotonous. Always keep the children near you (that is, their confidence). Never let them think they can draw away from being close companions of father and mother. We may be successful in many wavs in life, in fact, everything else, yet if our home is not what it should be, if our loved go astray, life seems a failure indeed: There are opposing powers to all things which are good. We have to battle with them. So do not give up or despair, but Com. trv aqrain. I i -- RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. GRANITE STAKE- - The conference of the Rehet Society of Granite stake convened in the stake tabernacle Tuesdav, November TM. 1912, beginning at 10 a. ni. and 2 p. m:,. President Leonora T. Harrington presui- semi-annu- al mir: 1 After the usual oneniner exercises, Pres- ident Harrington and Counselors Laura E. Cutler aucf Emilv M. Brinton, made briet remarks and desired that the Spirit of the If we start in this wav it will become a Lord would attend us in our conference. habit, and we 'can arrange our. affairs ac- The morning session was devoted princi cordingly. just as well as we can arrange pally to reports and testimonies of the vard ; lor our meals. . presidents. " H we have order anfl system in our President Ann R B. Neff of East Mill homes this wilUnot take up" much of our Creek felt that the work of ministering to ; time, and our little talks will assist in hav The sick and needy was a beaittiful one! ing better order. an encouraging report of the work ot Now, if we are seeking for the future her society and said there was much inter welfare of our family, we will institute this est manifested in the "outlineof lessons' in some degree, in the home. Solo, "Jesus, I my cross have taken.' it is 4f impossible through our avocations Coultas and Choir. of life to have this, all Week, devote one family Other sisters 'to rTtpph'ht hour on the Sabbath should it l)e more: con- Ts- accomplished fir thTIoKcaTsoieties vere : ' She-gav- 1 e '.'xS 