WOMAN'S The .Orttw 41. Vol ' Society Reports River Stake. . .... N. Josep?1 Stake t ;Lar , ",: W. M P. ................. .' 55 5J 5J I m erving heart do fcVninscl, uitt intuition from heaven? I'h id .in;! advise if there V- error, Let him si'i I'm a "queen" God given? -- Lovers and the Bobolink. Augusta Joyce 1 Queen in My Homer..-- . 5. 54 56 tin- 4 i a Ueen that's ideal; God. ii me strength and wisdom, nic l:ht, knowledge and power; (iie hat to ; husband and children, May1t- trr.Iy a "queen" every hour. oh; "I . - Let i!u inspiration from her; Let kh ;.iiMrl her hot aspirations. In her convictions concur. . Cr"c!H-rn- - H:. 5J i - 4'' ..Vincy Dear Young Girl Emmie. . ; Augusta Jovce CrxluTii Lydia D AUUf "Thy Will Be Done" 'I., j., . Mothers' Day in May Tiuu. Mitorial Note . . . funeral Relief Society Confcrciui The Child Born and Unborn Hand-Car- t Pionevi. Society of the Utah . .... and Daughters '. In Memoriam Tlu- J sustain him? .comjurr. cheer, and bless? .?,,! ,,!r by ridc with him rjti:tlly iry with him to progress? -H i I '::h 5 - - " 51 Kditorial p.atry i' list 1 A') Audience with the Pope- I,,, k Review I Suinls1 Woman's lleliet Society. lMtr-i(u- j SALT LAKH CITY, UTAH, MAY, 1913 CONTENTS. ' ketcli (Harriet Amelia Show) Kt " f thr Exponent Yincy R. Harkkk. 7th Ward R. S. a 51 36 THE LOVERS AND THE BOBOLINK. Idly adown the green lane's shade, And 'round them the myriad songster' call. Moss and ferns crept down to the, sedge Where the wild rose h".r?g oVr the water's edge, rang And through the green aisles of the ru-h- n es chorus of joy the blackbirds sang. - l.ittm!-Efonv4lH-olibigiljrciits- gold-Mello- 5 west j -of music ever rolled Where, rocking on spray o'er the cascade brink, Wooing his love, trilled the bobolink! 1 s v Morning of life fand bright Jus.e d;,yf What could they .do but onward stray, And following close as some sweet dream Hovered the brookside's minstrel's theme. Then, as too near their footsteps pressed, A lark sprang up from her wee home nest And. in a pool, (as in legend old), They saw the secret their face told. Brighter along their homeward way Did the flowers bloom and the sunlight play, For 'their hearts were bound in that sweet link Sung far and wide by the bobolink! Augusta Joyce Crocherox., March 6th, 1913. AM I QUEEN IN MY HOME? Harriet Amelia Snow. Do I reign as queen in mv household? - Oh! how much does that question mean. Can I ever with all of my striving Gain. that worthy title "Queen? Am I queen in my home to my children? Are they subjects loyal and true? Is my' reign full of justice and honor? Are they anxious my bidding to do? A SKETCH. Flizaiieth T. Squires, born 13th September Her hon1819, in Aurora. Geauga Co.Ohio. referorable lineage is best established by were naence to the1 fact that her parents England, one .of her grandtives fathers served in the Revolutionary war, that her progenitors came to America ' Do they entwine their arms about me ' And tell me of their fears? Do I know their disappointments? Do they let me dry their tears? of-Ne- w and in the Mayflower. . Do I patiently list to their Vattle, V And join in thir games at play Dp I study out their lessons And direct their efforts each day? hd-hri- myself, back -- , tohddhoodr ;. Ana see wings Am I a queen to'my husband, My Lord, my Priest my King? Do I help him fulfill his. calling Do I with him God's praises sing? twentv-fiv- e Mis-ciip- pi Do I seek to know their meaning? Do I strive to ever be wise. ng . embraced years of age, she the Church the Gospel,', 'and gathered with she was at Nauvoo. In January, 1846, Lorenzo Snow, and in married to Elder husband the '.February- following with her the and his" three other wives, crossed and joined the encampment of the Thence Saints - who had' preceded them, is not dissimito Salt'Lake Valley her story lar to that )f the majority ofand circum- incident' except in personal At - ..- - the.-baim- v . StAraisewprthy: . d (Extract from ingenuity and bravery; . Yomen of Mormondom.) in Iake Salt few After living a years in City, her husband was called to settle Box Elder, and preside over that part of In Zion. Hied, leaving a little girl ihiee years old, and a baby boy. "Aunt Harriet" (as she was lovingly called,) took the little girl into her heart and home, another wife took the little she also baby bov, but some years later, took this little one. and' they shared her mother-love- ! together with her own children, until they grew up and were married. She was a blessing in the family, in times of illness, thev all depended on her greatly, for she was skillful in understanding the use of herbs and nursing the sick, and her faith .and childlike trust in the Heavenly Potior was a nower. and inspired the broken hearted with calmness, courage and faith. In May 1868, the Relief Society was orto ganized in Brigham City, she was called, the position of 1st counselor to President death of I ebnora Snow Morley. After the lister Morley, in February, 1872, Aunt Harriet became the President, of the Relief . Societv of. Brigham City. In those days, there was neeo! of a great Socideal of practical labor for the Relief to etv poor emigrants came every year families came next town, sometimes whole needing everything. Aunt to meet-;n- r Harriet used to say in Relief Society -let vour hearts and minds expand, lefus divide and share what we have with were kept the newcomers," working days were everv months where quilts and carpets according made, .ready to sell or give away ' first vears of the Society, Aunt Harriet led the sisters in foaking manpve shirts and knitted socks, tnt the men who worked on the Templeto was Lake City,1 very little money . Harriet Amelia, daughter of Aaron and their sorrows? they come to me with their joys? Do they let me share Is "Mama" always the confidant Of my heaven-sen- t girls and boys? Do trd,' A woman h:ul died on the way, leaving three little children one of than a Sister Snow was so helpless infant. wrought ,ujon by the pitiful condition of the infant, that she. weaned her .own..chiJl and nursed the motherless babe. By a stupid blunder of her teamster, she was one night left behind, alone, with two little children on the, prairie. Luckily for her. a wagon haa broken down and had been abandoned by the company.' Depositing the babes in the wagon box. she made search, and. found that some Hour and a handlell bad leen.left in 4hc wreck, and with this scanty outfit she et alxmt making siijer. She first took the clapper out of the handlndl. then stopjK'd up the hole where it had been fastened in. This now served her for a water pitcher. Filling it' at" a brook" some' dilanccaway, she wet up some of the Hour. then. with vome matches that she had with her. started a fire, and baked the, flour cakes.- herself and thirteen, months' old child making their supper mon them. She then ensconced herself in the wagon with her bates, and slept her husband-fountill early morning.-wheher and complimented her highly for her - ' Happy and silent two lovers strayed, Perfume aixl sunshine over all Tlu- No. 7. hersnng rec- - act of deserves historical trip across the plains, empty-hande- d, Ithe ;iK X . X ' 