I ' , - ,!,c)lc i .V'" '.vW, Walters of Mill Creek, Mary A. f f ""; 'a,,ors Veb- - ' and .Sarah J Lester of s,,,,lr,.i HitlU. uiywini Members of the. Stake Bonn! larnVt ;lillcr ami Catherine II. Brock- ..m uieir joy and satisfaction in jim: labors of t he Relief Society and their eire,to uphold and su.stain those in author-over them. Member of the (General Hoard. Sister ;.rah Mel elland paid a tribute to the mem-- n and character of Sister Jane S. Rich- H' v iuuim i.m 4l. ujai Wiore DeautituI can be san I . '. was which said of her, "She was a iend to the poor." Closed by singing "As the 'dews fr raven distilling'." I'.enedictionijy Sister Marv Porter ( onference was resumed at 2 p m hail ''All the glorious day" Singing, Sister Sarah A. Turnbnw ' Prayer, Smtfns. "Pilgrim's Chorus." by the choir. visitors present were: President Pnune-n- e Ji. Wells. Counselor fulina L mith itcr Sarah McClelland uf the Generd '"' rd. and Sister luiia M". P.rixen of the I M. I. A. Y. P. he and Stake. Relief Son', tv fiicers were unanimously mm 'lined. The following presidents continued their reports: Addie M. Cannon. Purest DaleNirah A. Prown, Murray I'irst Ward Kllen' , M. Sperry, of Waterlot). Choir sang "Peace. P,e Still." Ct)tinselt)r Julina'L Smith was pleased vith the reports of the presidents, and felt thaMhe Relief Society work is improving'. d vised the teachers to he gentle anl kind in approaching the backward ixMr. those ho arc; reluctant in making their wants known. (lave an interesting account of her trip to Portland, her visit to the "P.abies 'b.ine.:' and the work of the Saints there m providing clothes awj toys for these chilI ( K-ncr- - : t dren. President Kmmcline P. Wells gave inter-tin- g reminiscences of her trip to Kurope ' the International Council and Congress Women, held in London in 18(. In closing her remarks prayed that the ford will bless. and help us in the noble vork of charity; that we may be kind, and nder, and loving", and filled with the spirit humility.' us all press on." Singing. he benediction was pronounced by Sis-- ' y Julia M. Iirixen, and the Conference was 'journed for. six months. Prudf.nci': Brown. Secretary. f M ' i "It I ' : OXKIDA STAKE. Minutes of Oneida Stake Relief Society nference on Xov. 30, 1912, at Preston id Ward meeting house. President L. I). Penson presiding. Singing. "I fail to the brightness," etc. 'raver, Millie Golightlv. Ringing, "If you could hie to Kolob.'v Roll call denoted 10 .stake officers present. - xcused, 17 societies represented.. ucy D: Parkinson welcomed all present. uiorniig session was devoted to the J ief Society teachers of the stake. Pres-i(- ! Mt Benson gave special instructions 16 tli in nn fiiPiV flnfiVs .viV: makin? nthlv- visits, (b) seeing sick , .fcuv. (cr) brinmnjr.. peace and encouragement to he home, (d) advise, where it is re- fii red. those' in trouble, '(e) give spiritual, . J -- . i t -- -- Sc.., r,,,!,' tiu ard. m "J ! tlu 'O llhir Sundiiti.-- " l),,r:i I U!iM-!.- r icacuer to nrav vivit in-- . i . aim.-d- h.-i- ti;-M- i l" r .. . v :. advised II. ! I m the-- liad in er v mii- - Singing. Prayer by Brother William Canlner. , Atljourned until :30 p. in. lonterence rectnvened at :30 p. in. .C .t. Singing. Anthem. Presidt in - 1'.' "tn.-MI!.... ); eill raver. Brother Monk! Palmvra Want V ... .v :..n. had lici'ii wiil t .i .j. ,m. llu. jiUMM( inougnt Singing. "An Angel from on High." teacher praying tt.gether! said n.t lo'refiiMMinutes of previous afternoon session to hless the Mck when asked to d si I. v read and accepted. Iuet, Lucy Cutler and D.jra iedde ( lara K. lAajis spoke on the address of "Make the World Urighter." Madam von Mtnintfonl, who had been in iiencdiction, Sarah i:eldsted. the Holy Land, and sjoke in an interesting -.wiernotui sin :im essit n a way of the birth of the Savior. stands with hills .surrounded." Martha S:Iapple said that the way of the Prayer, Peter Mickleson. people of the world was to make their own J)iut. "( ) My Lucy Cutlc r and families .happy on Christmas, but the 'Litter-da- y Dora Geddcs. Saints thought of the poor and the misreasurer's report approved. sionaries as well as their own loved ones. General and Make t.ttuers were u Song. Mary Lamb, "Silver Threads tained. Among the Gold." Jennie W. Rallisnn gave the K 'ssi ijl Ml the Brother Francis Hanks thought every sisninth commandment. ter should know and understand the gospel. CtMigr.gation san- -. Truth rellects upon Spoke of the general duties that devolve upour senses." Oora (iedtles. Man Shatler. M.lhc (,u Dimklev. Cli! oe Ib.uell. Margaret iigiiuy,.. t ami Adeline I'.owc, each eucou raged tlu i 1 , ..r..; 1 . I ii 1 i . I 1 -v., i - i I t Phebe Mc .Veil-- spoke on 'AVhv we shmdd attend sacrament meetings." Nellie T. Johns' n. Stake president of the . V. M. I I jMKMrelation sh ij) t f her work to Relief Society. aked Tor the of the mothers. on all. Caroline Roach, member .of the stake board, read aif article on Christmas-presen- t giving. Said it was better to give than to .,rece!V, President Dixon read "A Greeting" of 'resilient Rathshcha W. Smith to the Relief Society sisters throughout the world, written some time before her death. Hoped none would feyl Relief Society work a burden, but would take new interest in the work. Thanked the people of Salem for their hospitality during conference. Singing. "Praise to the Alan." Prayer. Brother George Hanks. Conference adjourned for three' months. i Marinda Skidniore. Stake president of the Primary, spoke of the importance t)f the Primary work. Singing. "Oh Awake Mv Slumbering Minstrel." President Benson sajd that in connection with the other lessons given the" Relief So ciety in the coming year special lectures on moral training of our children would be given.' Minnie leddes of North Ogden spoke on Relief Society work, asked all to be true Julia Sarin. ( Latter-da- y Secv. Pro Tern. Saints. IN MEMORIAM. President Joseph Gcddes said he was pleased with the work of the Relief Society, also said a true home, depends largely on a good mother, if our children are' guided aright, all will be well with us. Counselor Taylor Nelson said, all organizations of the Church advance the AVork of the Iord. lie appreciated the Relief Society work. tj . Counselor Jas; Johnson expressed appreciation of the Relief Society work. After singing "Praise to the Man" and benediction by John Larson, conference adjourned' for six months. Pijebe A. M. McNii:i.. Sec. -- Linda N. Benson, Cor. Sec. NEBO STAKE. Sister Kllen McNcnl Fedon died at 101?. Sister Pcdou was the, Torrcv Dee. wife of Robert' X. Pedon and the daughter of Alexander McN'eal and Gennett Young; was horn in Darvel. Ayrshire. Scotland; Xov.25. W. ras married to Robert X. Pedon in 1882. Recame a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterSaints in December, 1892. Raptizcd by -day Win. McAIlistcfa'nd confirmed same ddy by Elder Tolm McQueen. Emigrated to Utah with her her-hom- in tJ ") 'i- - - l are-care- Nebo Stake Relief Society conference held at Salem Ward, Dec. 13, 1012. Morning Session, President Eliza. J. Dixon presiding. After ,the opening exercisesSister Mary A. Gardner, president of Salem Relief Society, gave ,a hearty yel- come, to all. 1 ,P,ucnVyiAUU responded to welcome' given and said the Relief Society - bu veiraJlem V" e 1 husband in 1893. Stopped in Logan. Cache Co.1' In 1894 they went to Alberta, . Canada, and c.'me to Torrey in 1899, where tliey have She leaves a faithful husband and son Sister and many friends to mourn her loss. been the of Pedon has President Primary"' of Torrey ward for a number of years, and at the time of her death she was a faithful "secretary '"" in" our 'Sunday ...School, and .assistant secretary, and teacher in the Relief Society, and her place is ill be hard to fill. She has now gone to reap her revvard and join the loved ones gone before. -- I ' 1 i . . two have been visited twice this year by the bard. The remits given, by the various ward presidents were very encouraging, and how that hll are trying to do their part." Song, Matilda Hanks and Amy Holder. .Bishop N. C. Christeusen said the Relie Society was surely a great help in the ward.. Sister Pierce spoke of the great work the teachers of the Relief Society were doing; asked t iud to bless all. maguiiv then ur u,,lk iam,l I 'Mi vp(',lN(. j i .,,. in Her absence. nrv the I )V ;ixsisf,,l - ,.,!,.., All K ( Mill .it "Miereiice. ,s,Mlkl. he! N.ciety. said lk-- MH1L' ..I, i be lure r . ieiei . iedle. i mm t Wax 39 . . ' - - ' f. Gone from sorrow, grief and anguishi Gone no more with pain to languish, Gone, thy longing soul set free, Rut Ohl how hard to part with thee . RESOLUTTPXS IN HONOR ELLEN PEDON. OF SISTER in the alhvise providence' of our I fcavenly Father it has pleased. Him to calf "from our midst Sister Lllen Fedon. assistant secretary Whereas v . 