62 WOMAN'S EXPONENT , 1 and counselors, organized what "was hall and grounds and granary for one thou known as the National Benevolent society, sand dollars.aud put It in.the bank to be used s for building again when they thought necwith and articles of incorporation ii that the society could hold real estate, essary. The hall had been used for enteriiid tliev were to be every four tainments ami schools, so it was not fit fgr vears. At the reorganization. Sister Lih society meetings and through the counsel cina Sessions resigned and Nancy Willey of tiu bishop as the wheat needed changing tl best to sell and put the money in was chosen president, with Pamelia Thompson as first vice .president': Phoebe Sessions, the bank to buy wheat again, which was social system. secretary, and Sarali E. Eo assistant sec eight hundred bushels, which the society and oung ladies had been gathering for The deepest thinkers and the most moral retary; Prances' Rampton, treasurer. workin the world are At that time they discontinued having a fony years. and high minded men with" women tor this threat Ami the society always made a success ing hand in hand pfesident and counselors to the teachers' reform, Should not wc with ur teaching quorum, as the president of the socuty and with the old folks' party. Eor the last two r three years the president saw that all and training be. with them in the vanguard: her counselors were considered to be the Let it not be said that any body of women" proper ones to, preside over the teachers. o: re arc a m v iows or wmowers it in the world can place a higher ideal of life In June. lSty), Sister Pox departed this ii'.jde no difference whether man or woman it or work harder to establish and maintain life and Bishop David Stoker chose Marv that needed 'it to comfort them, received .ntli't-iiay Sdints. than the women of the addops as second vice president to Sister ho:n three to five dollars to make them a Ida S. Lkav. Willev, and Annie Neville assistant secre- - Chiisin.a dinner. IYovo, l.'tah. tarv At the (.organization of the ward's Re In 1()01 Bishop Stoker met with the sis hci" solution' was presented and ters at the four years' election and Sister ;.W'ivi SKETCH OF THE EAST BOUNTIFUL mvuimir the means accumu SOCIETY. RELIEF One-hal- f Willey was chosen again with the same latedtwo thousand dollars. The first society was organized by Bishop board. Sister Prances Rampton resigned shotd go to Bountiful First ward and 1857. in PXJ2. and Wilda Rampton was chosen oiiv- l.al'" to Bountiful Second ward. The John Stoker and counselors, April 24, Bountiful was then called Xorth Canyon in her place, as Sister Annie was absent at n tii inii officers have gone out with a good ward. The three wards were in one. times. Sister Jane Stoker Tolman acted as coni and with love to all. liar-loassistant secretary. When Annie" Neville The first president was Elizabeth II. Prudence. her first counselor was Ijouisa Grant; resigned as assistant secretary, 1006, Sissecond counselor. Hannah Ilolbrobk; secreter Laura Barlow was chosen assistant secA VISIT TO NAUVOO. tary. Phoebe C Sessions; treasurer. Lucina retary. In 1905, the same board was elected, SisSessions. A congenial members. FourThere were seventy-nin- e ter Phoebe Sessions resigned in 1006. She party of five friends left St had been a very, faithful secretary for thirty-fiv- e Louis. Mo., to visit the Citv of Xauvoo, and teen meetings were held. They did a good work at that time, lookyears, not only in the ward but in the also to attend the conference of the Northing after the poor.- One, family received stake. Sister Laura Barlow was chosen to ern States Mission. We crossed the Mis- take her place as secretary."" and Afton issippi river at Montrose loarded a gaso over $60.00. Meetings were discontinued on account of Johnston's armv coming to Rampton Mabey as assistant secretary. The' line launch, crossed the river aain and Utah. society had a good, lively band of teachers. looking back viewed the Island where the When Bountiful was divided Bishop John There were twentv-nin- e districts and four L' rophet Joseph Smith sought refuge from m"s enemies in times of Stoker and counselors, with Sister Eliza to six teachers in a district. danger, we then The teachers. were very faithful and good turned our faces towards the historical citv ,R. Snow, organized the Relief Society Own again. Elizabeth II. Barlow was chosen to visit their districts in rain or shine, to or AailVOO. Ill.K h rrir to th hirtc Saints for the sad and beautiful president again; Lucina Sessions, first look after those in their districts where Latter-dathere was sickness or those that needed. memories of the oast. We tru e fHt we counselor; Mary Jane Crosby, second counselor ; Mary Carter, secretary ; Cordelia Sister Willey was certainly a mother to the were treading noon sacred around, for a Carter, treasurer. They had what was sisters in giving them good counsel, and Prophet of the true and living God had she had a very lovely way in "drawing the here made his home for a few short years known as a teachers' quorum: H. Holbrook, VV nn virmslv young mothers into the society, also young Ol his momentous life president; Sarali C. Sessions, first .counselor ; I Mioebe . Sessions, second counselor ; girls. looked for the homes of our people, locat- Phoebe Sessions, secretary. She and her counselors went and visited g many of them. Sixty miles of rock olf breththe the sisters and administered to them, and curbing outline the sidewalks, placed there The sisters, with the help Soren, built what is known as the Relief gave them spiritua1 coin fort as well: The by 'the "Mormon" people. ciety hall. Bishop John. Stoker gave the presidency and teachers have looked after We, found the people hospitable and kind,, land to the sisters to build the hall on. The those that have departed "this life, and have and had no trouble in securing rooms in prioff well so at that not were time, vate me people families. We started out to view the ;ivvnr neip needed at such timeslint they did a noble work in looking after they have laid them away as nicelv landmarks left bv our neonle. first visiting ll the needy, and it was work, for at as thoseyvvho could pay their own expenses, M spot .where the Temple once stood, built that time. the people did not understand the and the society has furnished the means to by the people in thejr. poverty, costing them' a ior meir caskets, also.. Sister sisters' labor, as they do today, and they Willey one million dollars. The pillars alone of often were made light of. ..us Kumc m me nunies wncn it was needed w hich there were thirty, costing three thousWhen Sister Barlow resigned, 1883, and scrubbed and cleaned, and through sleet and dollars each. One of .them was taken chose counselors Call ..and ana Chester snow to do it. And so have some of to. the Capitol in Bishop At the hotel Washiagfon. Lucina Sessions for president; Nancy T. the teachers. 7 he societv hns- Wn c v- Ann va enw " ,,vr. ",,v- 3lU111- - M4. .giay granne laKen " blvilL Willey, first counselor, and Pamelia, Barlow assistance to the bishopric in looking after from about 6 by 8 feet, with a Thompsoit for second counselor ; Phoebe i ne society at one time gave half moon and a man's face cleverly-carve- d Sessions, secretary; Frances Rampton, to pay ofT a mortgage on on one side, also a fine picture of the Tem-pla widow's home., Iri another case treasurer. thpvavA 4 The ground on which the temple stood '"After Sister Hannah Holbrook's death, eightsix dollarsto a" remains bare."jtlinlgTfeiuaTnFFut one " assistJitputting up -Sister Samantha Willey was made presiroom or two for another widow to make her old moss' covered wall. I pictured my SesC. teachers' ; Sarah dent of the more quorum and comfortable, the fursociety has : father ,tstone as he labored here in r t sions, nrst counselor, ana anepurmng-- uusnea; bed quilts, blankets, slides; dresses, those cutting early days: Near . by stands a hosham, second counselor ; Sarah; E. Fox, sec- - j: underwear, and" any of the'necessities of pital built, of the stones of the Temple, after ; .' i means for missionary pur. the sacred, edifice had been burned by a.mob TQ?'' sisters built the granary near the poses; Twenty-fiv- e quilts or more were of wicked men. We next visited the home hall to store their grain iff; aS President' givVn winteSome throughhe there -of the years Prophet the Mansion House it Brigham Young gave that mission to the have been sixty in the ward that hae preserved and taken can of by a family sisters to lay upigranr for the time df need. needed some help . not of our faith, who showed us through In 1897, Brother L. John Nuttall came .. Through the excellent ronn'1 i each room. .. We saw man v relies nf the up to Bountiful, and with Bishop David, 5ftoker d y, a pair of spectacles Stola-- r enough left free from some pernicious habits-tpass legislation and create sentiment against this terrible coiiditioji. 'JTms it is that we need patriots, martyrs men and women who will sacrifice business interests, earthly possesions, power and social caste, to work for the uprooting and casting out of these disastrous evils and lor the establishing of a cleaner, purer, fairer, . by-law- re-elect- ed it. on-di- t . Sn-H-t- 1 - ? w; - i y - .t'V. --- - - -- up-hi- - i-a- I - the-templ- " uic-neeu- y. eighty-nine.dolla- rs , e. 1 1 1 - ' lifc-andom- e -- is-we- , . silver-bowe- 1 ; 