WQMAN'S EXPONENT. 72 to styles 'and fishions. ICach organization should sustain every other organization. The Lord overrules all and lie makes no mistake-ichoosing I'rought greetitgs from President Wells:. At her advanced age is. still active; was visiting four confer-enccs. Sajd it was the largest forenoon .ho had met; felt Sister Wells wmiM "I;CIclig1Ttv(l to he here this morning. Spoke of temple work and the laying away of .the dearf: gave some instructions as given by Joseph E. Taylor, in laying away the dead. The Relief Society iter should know how to do these things correctly, they should he authority on this Mihjccf. The position of the Mormons in an educational way stands third in the I'nion. even if we are misrep- resented in the world. Advised all to look after their genealogy, keeping proper records and having work done. The General Hoard had opened a house for the accommodation of visitors rmd girls coming from the country. Sister Maud Accord from Spring .iv gave a t'llk on "Self Improvement." Cloinr remarks hv 'resident Ericksen. our-leader- . -- : es-j-io- seryed as it meant so much to the sisters auto the community where Sister Richards ha f , . aceompfMr.o1 so great a work. I lorne x)f the General Hoard eon sidered it a great privilege to have know; Apostle and Sister Richards; they wen both the embodiment of all that was and noble. Sister .Richards was a woman of great wisdom and of the broadest charity; it lias been well said that she was a statesman and her excutive .ability of a ver high order; her home life was most beautiful and she was certainly worthy of bein the first Relief Society stake President. President Rhards has heard so- many good things said of his parents that was deeply, touched ; he .was. glad of the work they had done, the record they had made and the treasures they had laid up where neither moth nor rust could corrupt nor thieves break tjirough and steal. Counselor Foulgcr said our minds have hi'.-rrvrnVd bark to the davs of our child hood, when Sister Richards gathered in all the young girls, teaching us valuable lessons in her motherly way, until we were finally organized into the V. L. M. I. A. Her- was a beautiful life service, nothing was ever allowed to interfere with duty. We feel that our conference was a most enjoyable one and one to be remembered and cherished. ter,M. Maddock of .the Y. L. M. I. A. stake Hoard, eleven members, of the R. S. stake Hoard, and president or representative from each of the local associations. After the noenimi exercises Second Count elor L. Letitia Richards welcomed all pres- - j Cllt. n . Si-t- er '... "Reports from the local associations lowed, a special feature of which was with 'reference to attendance of oftkef.saiid.Yvfcrk-er- s at sacrament meetings, preparation meeteffects of ings, and prayer meetings and-ththe same on the Relief Society. The results as reported were that the sacrament meetings are being better attended by our officers than formerly, which means a larger spiritual growth; the preparation meeting is aiding them in better preparation of lessons and conducting of meetings and general detail, while the prayer meeting, preceding the general meeting, fits and qualifies each attendant for the work in hand . The sick and poor were being cared for and the work in general progressing. A most excellent paper on "The Value of Our Class 'Work." was given by Sister Vincy R. Parker, after which Secretary NelRelief Societv conference, reconvened at lie ttecraft briefly reported the work done t 1 p. m., rresHlent r.ncksen presiding. by the R. S. stake Board during the past After opening exerci-ePresident Ericksen three months; weekly visits are made to made a few remarks. the local associations and help given them in Sister Mary J. Hlackman. of Moroni, gave every way possible, besides a large numa talk on "Charity." ber of visits to the sick are made. Sifter McLellan was iivhed pleased to Sister Farnsworth of the General Board, NOTES AND NEWS. meet such a large audience of both men and was delighted with the 'spirit of theconiVr-ence- , women spoke of "her labors in the mission the singing, the .reports and everyTh ' Pacific Coast Woman's J'ress Assofield ; explained the mission work and blessthing done and felt that benefit would result ciation open their meetings this year with a ings received through our efforts put forth from the same. 8. Much in doing good; spoke of her visit'to Nauvoo Sister Home of the General Board ft It it s'deudid program, beginning Sept. attention in their papers and discussions is v. o be a to , e be to had looked vo mil sonic privilege present j.ui ja to the Panama Canal that being for good, advice -- o the- teachers and encouraged over our ''outlines" and was convinced more given the present the most absorbing topic for them in their noble and grand work. deeply than before, of the practicability of t' e press. Monday, Sept. 22, is President C. X. Lund felt pleased and each stake planning its own work. Members Day. when no guests will be permuch interested in the meetings of the day. After singing, the' benediction was proand the good attendance from the wards; nounced by Counselor Larkin of the High mitted, no papers read and all talksjimited minutes. There, will be besides the was thankful for the timely and good Council, and during the noon period a to two of the association, discussions on given, and it was important that alP luncheon was served and a social time was harness the following subjects: "Within the Law." sisters be present to. receive such instrucspent.- - ; tions felt this was the best conference held The afternoon session was a Memorial "My Little Sister," 'The New Chivalry:'.' it is safe to predict a very lively time in the. stake; was grateful for the Relief Service in memory of Weber stake first Reamong t,he women editors during these lief Society President, Sister Jane S. Rich-ardSociety organization. Sister Es.tella Miner from Eairview gave sf a very excellent reading. In addition to those on the stand at the "The Artist's Picture." morning session there were present Charles THIRTY-FOURTremarks Ericksen. C. President Richards of the stake Presidency Closing by ANNUA-ANNOUNCEMENT The stake officers had made an effort to and' Elder-- WiriianTTT" 'Wright of the visit all the wards, in the. stake before constake. Presidency of the Y. M. M. I. A., who OF ' ference. with Sister Maddock of the Y. L. M. I. A. Heautiful music was rendered by the choir added to the enjoyment of the conference by and the Misses Lewis and Price. 'their sweet singing. C n Frances E. After the 'opening exercises a Life Sketch ristexsi:n", Stake Secretary. . of Sister Richards was given by Sister Nel- ' lie Bccraft. , Sister Farnsworth of the General Board CHID EN STAKE. .. Beginning October 6, 1913. a beautiful Hours 9 to 12 a.m. tribute to the memory of paid The annual conference ' of the Relief So- Sister Richards, y horn she had known'and For full particulars communicate with loved and always looked upon as one of the ciety of the Ogdep stake was held in the Relief Society hall, at Ogden, LTtah. on foremost, women" in the church ; thought ELLIS R. SHIPF, M. D., this should continue obto be day 10:30 a. nr. aU and fittingly 713 Second Avenue, Salt Lake City, Utah Saturday, July 19, 1913, 2 p:m. with aTpravcr meeting at 10 a. in., preceding the morning session. 9 MAIN STREET, Owing to the illness of Stake President . she was unable M. to meet Sarah , SALT LAKE-CI- TY. Taylor, t Counselor Isabel Fcmlger with us and The most becoming Styles in Ladies' "presided an.l conducted both sessions of the conference. 7 - Suits, Coats, Dresses, Present on the stand were Sisters Julia Skirts, P. M. rams worth and Alice M. Home of Waists . Popular Prices. . the General Hoard of the R; S,; Elder. fol- e , - -- hi-he- j -- f I I T 1 fl . s : : - wc-Ur- n ad-vi- ce ; e. H L . -- Dr. Ellis R. Shipp's SCHOOL OF NURSING AND OBSTETRICS . .. . ; R K TH OH A S CO. " ' 67-6- 1 .and ; at PUiiili A I nrt-i- n nf.tlif Ticrfi Prmnr.il CIo TH E STORE WHERE r y6i 1 ' CAN FEEL AT HOME" art 