, " " lUJL A: rsr. v - . , peopIe,w6men arid chi (freri rotifcir o f 'even a. shelter and the necessaries, of life. OK the ihhiimariityvof our own countrymen, for they left ruin and desolation where had been a happy, prosperous people. Now they scattered wherever they could find a shelter' or friend, or a crust of bread. My father spent the winter in Nauvoo and here I want to lcar my testimony, no matter by whom it is denied. The Prophet Joseph Smith taught and practiced polygamy,- himself having five wives whom was acquainted with, ft was just as much a trial to us in those (lays as it But we would be to this people today. tightened our armor and made ready to overcome our selfish desires. I have told vou of those, sacred marriages in the Tem Hut ple at Nauvoo (no need to repeat). must say the Father of us all watched over and blessed us for striving to obey I lis will. I am not denying the wavering of my will, for when you feci the finger of scorn pointed your way and know you are against all the teachings of your youth, a. strong 'faith must be yours to be able to overcome this I ' I j . - sight, keeping our troubles to ourselves. She had accidentally heard that we were here and came to us or I can only feel that she was sent and I don't doubt that she went her way comforted, as she left us as soon as her work was done. We have never seen her since. In the' year of '52, .three months later, we started West, reaching Salt Lake City September 28. We then came on to Manti, reaching here October 4, 1852. and were welcomed by my father and a score of relatives and friends. And though the nexf twenty vears were filled with hardships and anger, still they were happy years. Everything we had to wear was made in our home; our summer shoes, our hats, bonnets, dresses and underwear, by our own busy hands. I raised my family of eight children, and now have 49 grandchildren and 86 greatAs my children married grandchildren and went to homes of their own, I occupied my time with other work. I was secretary of the Relief Society for fourteen years, a worker in the Manti 1 emple for thirteen years, and at the present time I am in niv ninetieth year, having been born November 22, 1823, and some times the question comes to me, "Have I garnered a sheaf of empty grain, Nilor will it be filled with God's plump , . -- grain K , ' . . ; " . , 1 . n whose everv look .and. 'action would seem to cut us as a knife, but a joor hunted being who. like ourselves, must be kept out of , - This over, I just dropped every feather and wept. Oil, but was not this a testimony ; we ever since have felt so. Who could have expressed a keener sympathy, lie-dinc4 send to us an earthly doctor, d feeling. I Many were the nights of weeping. must have some assurance of a higher source to be able to go on with any degree of comfort. I went to bed praying earnestly to have the right made known to me. I then seemed to be one of the jnultitude of I people who evidently were sorrowing. felt that a glorious personage was moving among them whispering words-- of inspiration and comfort. Soon he came to me and in startling distinctness these words he said: "Never change your condition or wish them otherwise." TodavT am thankful I obeved that voice, it was so real to me that I felt -- JeTnima ""was" Trying to keep' her trouble to herself. Suddenly there was a .knock at the door. I timidly opened it after asking e who was there. A lady walked in, an stranger tj us. Who had sent her herethis wintry night so unexpected, yet SO welcome, so necessary, lor it was not long before a newlKjrn babe came to that stable and was laid in its mother's, arms, Feb. 29, 1852.' Well, all this was just a little too much. God-give- 1 . WOMAN'S EXPONENT. eh-tir- " strengthened and comforted. In the year '51 my. husband was arrested, stood trial and his sentence was. one wife only or leave the country. My husband had the courage of his convictions and stood up to them, saving. "I will never forsake these wives and their little ones, so help me God." But to gain time and to keep peace he put Aunt Jemima, myself and our children into. a wagon. (This lady beside myself was known as one of the "sister wives;", she was one who was dearer to me than one of my ... own sisters.) Through the cold we traveled into another country. He hunted for a house, but could not find a house of any kind. A stable was found about fourteen feet square, without doors or windows: no place for a fire; not a friend or an acquaintance; called spiritiVl wives, looked down .upon by every passerby with suspicion and distrust. At this time Aunt Jemima had two children and was in a delicate condition, needing a loving hus- band's care. I had three little ones, the oldest was five yrears old. Nervousness was my ever present companion. Our husband took up the loose boards, scraped the floor and replaced them. Made two pole bunks, cut a little wood and left, us alone, yes, alone amongst a town full of people. Alone w hen we could not help but feel that lie who knows when even a sparrow falls: . What could we do' but rely upon the Father who as you will see, knew of all our pitiful' condition. . ' came and had we made went, February ' no acquaintances. Father Cox did not come-a- s we expected. I was scared, for-knew ir . Cordelia. THE GENEALOGY OF MARY LYMAN. Mary Lyman was born in Durham. State I ler father's of Connecticut. name was Samuel Lyman, her mother was Mary Mitchell. Mary Lyman married William Johnson, a scfh of Dydamus Johnson and Rheuama Stephens Johnson. ''William Johnson, the husband of Mary Lyman Johnson, moved to New York. Gennesee Co., town of Perry, and died there. Then his father, Dydamus Johnson, sent for the widow and child and took them back to,. Connecticut, .and in two or three years the Lorenzo Johnson, a son of. Dydamus Johnson. Then Lorenzo Johnson with, his family moved: to Michigan, Oakland Co., , widow-marrie- town-o- f d Royal Oak; in 1845 his wife was baptized, into the Church of Jesus Christrbf Saints. .i, Then in 184Z Lorenzo Johnson sold his farm and took up his line of march West, and came to Nauvoo. 111. There he, too! was baptized in the Mississippi river. lie! yith his family, that spring came .west as far as Garden Grove, Iowa. The next Latter-da- y -- imngTie went up to Winter Ouartei . wav there one year ; then the Governnu aii! that the Saints were on the Indian k. !'vation. so all had to move. over on tS 'aq side of the Missouri river. So, tlu ,a three years in succession that MZn Johnson had split raHs and fenced b, .111(1 ami plowed and raised a crop to subiiis house's built and for them i, to family, in. In 1853 be and family came to I't.v ITI'1 settled in Springville. Utah. Ie was iei! on a mission to Southern I "tali, but .illv settled in Mttnrne, lTtah, where lu oi. His wife and family still live there,' a;. his Wife lives with her youngest daughter. Thompson Lisenbee, she being a v, with six children, but she never m led afterr her husband died, but, raised her i. i!y and all were good citizens. was well in! Mary Lyman Johnson km iii.ui m.iis ,wiei uer nushiiM.i s She death. was fond of reading, which Aw could do until within a few clays of ;Rr death without glasses. She was a n;;Ht. patient, lovely woman, and dearly lovei by her family and all who knew her. She took to knitting bedspreads and knit'all her living children one each. She had eight children, two boys and six girls. Three of t!u familyare dead. The bedspread that - at the Fair, she knit when she was (0 ar old. and the photo was taken when die 00 years old. She died at the n at Monroe. I "tali, and was buried there In to within twjo weeks of her death slu w.i perfectly well and able to knit ami n without glasses. : -- - I I t 'i- 1 i . . ! ,( Bancroft, Idaho. Mary A. Lymav NEWS LETTER. I;hVlied by the success which has eltat: acterized the lovs' potato clubs throughout t lie State winch now have a total member ship of two thousand boys, the L'tah Agricultural College officials are now taking up a similar work among the young women of the State. To this end girls' clubs in which competition in their abihtv to make satisfactory bread will be stimukited among the girls throughout the State, ami also girls' flower garden clubs are being organized in the various districts througli"i:t the State. Prizes are being arranged for each of these competitions and the girl winning in the district contest will he given a free trip to Logan and a course during Housekeepers' Conference free "t charge. It is presumed that. the .various local contests vill take place simultaneous with the county fairs, in time to permit of" the rep' sentation of the winning product atState Fair. 'Definite instructions as to jrules g the contestTliow to plant the gar! and the proper recipes for good bread making;, can be obtained by writing Mi n Gertrude AlcCbeyne; f Agrfciiltural College Logan, Utari. Tlie boys can also receive the required information by writing to Pro!. J. C. Hogensen at the same place. bread-makin- g tlx-annua- - : Jc Miss Elizabeth Upham Arates, preside 't of the Rhode Island W. S; A.. has h; giving a series of very illuminating t before the Rhode' Island Women's Club ; Child:'' the "Legal Status of Mother-anm f 1 l : 