WOMAN'S EXPONENT, years ago J saw a few at the moiitli of Salt improvements have been made at the cost I believe they have River, of great sacrifice, bin the standard of the vanished. now entirely woik nas neen raise: 'and our sisters have law a Our early legislators enacted into been better educated :i all that pertains t the measure" protecting Relief Society work. She admonished the gull, as an acknowledgment that. they had been divinely sent members to read t Ii instructions of the to save us from destruction. On one occaProphet Joseph to the Relief Society which brethern arrestsion one of our were given on several occasions, and to ed a poor, hungry Indian for shooting one carry them out" as lira ly as possible. of these birds, so great was our veneration President KfTie En: rn Merril, of Liberty for them. But the Indians, on learning that take, responded to the address of welcome soon for such bad in we a few well chosen words. She felt highly them., great respect on them our learned tu respect also, account, honored in so doing and expressed her apI molested after the preciation of the labors of the President and never knew one and the members of the General Hoard. event named. Edward sang a soSifter Now, as the dove is the sign and emblem of peace and love, tg us at least, let this gull prano solo. "More !vc. for Thee, () (pointing to the monument) be the sign of Christ." relief and mercy. Reports of the Relief Societies uf the folIn bumble reverence let us bow our heads lowing stakes were given a5 follows: iss Amy Rosza. stake and acknowledge the mercies of God in our Alpine stake, by behalf in the event which the dedication secretary; South Sab Pete stake, by Mrs. of this monument celebrates, and also pray Jane Iiench: Parowan stake, by Mrs. Julia that we may ever live so as to be worthy R. Lyman. Miss Joy Richards reported the work of of his continuing favor. the newly established milk depot on the President Joseph F. Smith, in a most interesting manner, related many incidents of West side. She was introduced by Mxs. the early trials of the pioneers and read Alice M. Home, who explained that the from old journals the pages telling of the Relief Society had seen fit to help the cify work by furravages of the crickets and the almost utter Hoard of Health in this good of Miss despair of the people as they saw their crops nishing a nurse in the person Richards to assist at 'the depot. being destroyed. lie told of his own knowlMiss Richards stated, that the milk depot edge of this event in a most forceful and 'established in July of this pathetic way, after which President Smith or dispensary wa's of Health for the offered a beautiful and touching dedicatory vear.bv the' city .Hoard milk at cost for prayer. , After the ceremonies the throng of purpose of furnishing pure have been in attendance three people wandejed around the grounds for babes. There fursome time, studying with admiration the nurses: two hospital trained nurses nished bv the city, and one Relief Society pictured tablets of the monument. Altorenurse, trained in 'the Relief Society School gether the incident was one long to be of nurses' and furnished by the Woman's membered. the duty of The monument consists of a granite Relief Society. It has been and ascertain to visit homes pedestal supporting a granite column about these nurses also to give instruc30 feet high, on the, top of which is a large when help was needed, on how to feed and care for babies. granite ball and the birds. The birds are tion Pure milk, was furnished at whatever done in bronze covered with gold leaf. On able to pay and was given the sides of the pedestal are bronze tablets price people were who were not able to pay which give a picture account of the scenes free to those One anvthing. leading up to the coming of the gulls. anIn the two months of August and Sepshows the pioneers entering the valley, of milk were received: other has a harvest scene, a third shows a tember 1,123 quarts were sold and 800 quarts were dejected family with the gulls flying among 33 quarts furnished riven away. Forty babes were them, while on the fourth is inscribed and there was only One "Erected in Grateful Remembrance of The milk at the station this death occurring a death among them, Pioneers." Mormon the God to of asMercy few hours after "theNfirst application for sistance was .made to the nurses. Three calls at the depot hundred and twentv-eigh- t CONFERSOCIETY RELIEF GENERAL made by mothers, and 1,382 homein-quirwere ENCE. calls were made by the nurses. The in for milk sold was $42.10, a taken amount the of Conference The compared to what was paid i r cioKr iv hp( in the Salt smallbutamount the knowledge of the great amount out 2 and. 3, comOctober Hall Lake Assembly of -- ood done and. the wonderful apprecia10 a. m at 2, October made the mencing Thursday, - tion of those who were assisted, B. presidWells, Emmeline with President could be counted in recompense larger than and cents. . "The session opened with singing, "How dollars was solo by Miss given beautiful A organ stake Granite? the Firm a Foundation, by: Edna Coray. ' choir and the congregation. : C. Roberts addressed the Dr Margaret N. Nibley. with joy Prayer by Sister RebeccaGlorious conference. She felt so overcome of Day Thou work being Singing, "Come in contemplating th wonderful " Relief Society, that Prorrtise the done constantly by the Wells B. gave Emrrieline President to control herjeehngs on this hard itwas was She address "of welcome and greeting. was dehglUedto know that She occasion. ana cn rnsnv assembled Relief Society the trained nurses and the of one be would en Vmrmoniouslv in tne hoped tfe conference , nurse ium ;..,-t-- l d mac one-ici; this is as it shou rnwpr anr inHiience. health department , city v.. haHceri merciful to the society in the past be Dr. Koberts .spoKc ui iv manifold blessings conafter haslgiven us. year andNx:Af thinsliave been Nurse school to open immediately and explained briefly the work., ference Many accomplishcd'by the 0rgan.2at.0n. ' Congregation sang, "The Spirit of God like a ti;e is burning." ( losing prayer, Mrs. Juliua L. Smith. . AFTI-KN'OO- SESSION'. - over-zealo- us -- Lizzie-Thoma- " - -- v . Semi-Annu- al Tj:f ; - . , t -- - ,hiVti-crr'Mf- Singnig ''Come Let lTs Anew."' Prayer by Dr. Romania H. Penrose. Thou Wilt Hear Me' Singing. Mrs. Winnifred Hiown addressed the assembly, speaking on her experiences at the Joseph Smith Memorial Cottage at South Royabton. Vt. She felt it a great honor and privilege to reign as queen over the homestead of jibe Prophet Joseph Smith. In the cottage, which was erected over the exact spot of the prophet's home, jkmcc, beauty, and love reign supreme. The old original grav hearthstone where Hie babe was washed and dressed has been retained and placed in the modern cottage, and above it hangs the portrait jof his mother Lucy Mack Smith, done in oil. This hearthstone is a sacred and hallowed spot and the picture above it, is a source of comfort 'and inspiration to all who behold it. During the last vear 15,000 people have been received at the Memorial Cottage. Tenor solo, "In. God's Acre,"' was given by Joseph Paul. Sister Jeanetjc A. Hyde gave an address She called attention to on "Genealogy." the fact that the Prophet Joseph urged the Saints to be energetic in Saving souls and in carrying out this instruction, we must not forget our dead. We must collect and complete our family records, and go into the temples and have ordinances performed for those who did not have the. privilege to do this for themselves. Genealogical records have been considered of very great importance in all times. We will remember that Leiii was sent back to Jerusalem to obtain the records of his people, as well as the laws and commandments of Mose's. Every Latter-da- y Saint should read and study sections 127 and 128 of the Doc. and Cov- .- Sister Hyde announced "that a scries of lessons in genealogy will be given during the April, 1914, conference, and that each stake will be expected to send a delegate to take up the work, details of which will be given at the officers' meeting on Tuesday. Mrs. Rebecca N. Nibley reported that the Relief Society Home for Women is pleted and is open for women and girls who are out OI cnipioynieni auu ate in iiuu ui fee" will temporary quarters. A reasonable be charged for lodging, as it is the desire of the Hoard to have the Home " V Mrs. Agness Olsen Thomas gave a vocal ' solo. "O Rest in the Lord." Counselor Julina L. Smitrnaddressed the conference. She had been greatly impressed with the remarks of Mrs. Brown and re ferred very feelingly to the U'ropnet s mother who she said lost five grown sons and still retained her faith and courage and cheerfulness. The motto of this mother was' Tlie .A Ti.:..,;tVnnf nitiiP hp flonP.V ur speaker referred to the new building about to be erected by the Church, and was pleased to say that a portion.of it would be set apart for the use of the Genealogical Society,-wherits books and records may be safely Cl the sisters to" keen up their interest in genealogy and to urge others to a .tw.ncr fccihi to stiu v tie urea ' :: and glorious work. .) .f Mrs. Priscilla Pehnirs-ojLth"I-or- d self-supportin- " g- 1 . T e i,'f itrd " ' ; e 