0 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. J , the enfranchisement of a large part of the poses where a rather" pretention city hall human family. liven Lincoln, who by a wa ciceteu um native sione. in inc eupoia wufil freed a race,' had not this. opjortunity of which hung a ntaive Ik!!, this with a hufrom of the k londs to release pretention- - building on tlu ame square u w Inch served tor a school man family. I feel mu.t make this stateduring tin i for the .reason that ment as hroad as it week, and on Sundav a.houc ot wot'dup, e 'ii- it uti the only public building in the we at Budapest, last year, realized womanthe kind throughout the world looked to the tovyn. It is with the little art di"p"-I nited States to blaze the way Utr the ex(corner, however, that tht nr ha to deal. In new settlement out "ii the wetern tension, of universal uurage. Wilson has missed the one tiling that might prairie-- - one eldom expects to tmd culture have made it possible for him never to he and refinement. The very hardhip"of pio neer lite and the circumstance which lead forgotten. a familv out into Mich places would rather lead 'iie to expect a rough and iorlunc- A NATIONnL ACADEMY OF LITERAseeking' community. The town of d.ind TURE AND AR'i FOR WOMEN. was not settled either bv fortune seeker or - it is with great satisfaction that we note rangers, hm Us settlers weie a part ot tnai the wonderful advance .in thought among wandering people who, driven trom thuk wornm statuthe beautiful bona in the east, had sought and great people concerning While some of the found a in art and literature. in tire, heart of the w estern refuge it till greatest writers have been women, desert, 'file Lind people had not left with a fact that public acknowledgment of wonir the first exile, nor had they followed them been if ever given. en's talents has seldom to their destination, but had stopped midwav nic of ability: and established a trading post, expecting save perhaps to those the taken has now, however.- an American later t continue the journey. This, howinitiative and the word has gone forth, and ever, never happened and the little town another great step has been taken in human became a permanent home for the lew of wearv traveller, increasing but slowly a the progress. Professor Brander Matthews men's Columbia University, president of the vear rolled on. and never auming a thrivthe In uch a place the. nun national institute, in an address before ing community. for academv. proposed a national institute have generally the mot amuemcnt. at leat women. time hang le heavily on their hands, tor Professor Mattlfews said that women had with the work of subduing the oil. trading alwav never been given an opportunity to become horses and raising cattle, such as members of the national institute, lie said the business of these prairie town, then the subject had never come up. it has never mind are well occupied, but the women, been considered. It is quite proper, howtare less kindly. The homes are generally, institute an widelv separated and the tak are less inever, that women should have and academy of their own. If such writers teresting. It happened, therefore, that the as Marv Wilkins Freeman. Edith Wharton. one bright spot in the town of Lind for the and women' folks was the little corner store kept Margaret Deland. and Ida such painters as Martha Caisatt ,and Mary by the dearest of old ladies know n to to initiate such a moveas "Aunt Betsy." Beilitt, would-joito to see he would institute glad ment the national Perhaps tsotne day you rnay hapjK-with them in any way possible in on the 'walls of some modern library oi or the formation of the women's organization. drawing room an oUMashioncd sampler The gold medal of the academy was preottoman cover worked in red and yellow emsented this year to Augustus Thomas as a wool roses, or a buckskin gauntlet redramatist. Previous awards have beenhis-in broidered in silk floss; if you do. it wil where in call unt Betsv and her little store sculpture to Augustus St. Gaudens, in. poetry, to she taught the women to fashion all kinds tory to James Ford Rhodes;in architecture, of wonderful designs with the needle and lames Whitcomb Rilev; and s to William P. Mead. Why have .a separate crochet hook, With her brother family the Aunt Betsv had come to America jn institute for women? Rather let these noted home, women, mentioned together with others, earlv 60 from a pleasant English the wayunite in persuading Professor Matthews to and' with them had remained by of women side Tt was not her nature, however, to interest himself in and institute. be a dependent on her brother nor a nurse to" membership in the academy with for his children. ancL having- broughtneedle for her a splendid box of material AUNT BETSYjS LEGACY. she .some little means oflicr own and work consisted Lind .of town Main street in the soon established herself, in business making was merchandise, diof one store, where general in the back 'end of the room home Iter sold, a drug store and post office combined, vided from the store by a large curtain other pnly the on while one one side of the street, . as of blue denim. was a plain square board building known ever happens in a .country town Nothing where -.with stable yard The Lind Hotel," a knows every detail and whatWerybody but and or a so, teams could be boarded for day "".7 an amusement hall, the corner grocery sold, were , and n t y grain hay "is" the store dispense great maand -'i. and a little shop containing patterns qi.unm lessons where needle work, terial for art :Lib ailhot.a sbulcouirexplain; Aunt of kinds1 embroicjery, all in were, given' when one .Christmas-morninterv ' ' Betsv found on her doorstep a wee uaby crochet and knitting. there town a ' In a dty, ?uch a .circumstance imgh It is needless to say in such mrl nor were no paved streets nor electric lights, conconsternation, at least not not' create any the villairc miles other modern improvements, on. aii DUl in of the edges 4roin in rtown, where trary, the wild grass fringed ryvvhere. of had never running bodv knew every uuu . the sidewalks, and narrow creeks r , to be Y hannened , ..v rtonthk water took the place of curbingetween . neen a. Lind ! :n fact ,t. 1iine-dawonder, y streets and the walks. The settlers of nlre a than had reserved one large square for city pur j ; one-ha- lf 1 'n-'i- -t 1 j 1 're-ide- m ' j ' ; t i Fii-t- ri - , i M.-Tarh- ell every-Ix'xl- n co-opera- te the-admissio- n - . - w- g ' v...-!- ; n:' ' 1 1 . v never ceased to be. a wonder until many" wait, thi" comes not years later when--bu- t now. When Aunt rcly jicked the bundle oil he;" dooralep in the early niuruing it had .1 light coerrng of teat la y now. tor the now had been falling all m'ght and thi light ilumg luwed that it .had not lain there very long; sufficiently long, however, 'for an (racks of vehicle or footprints tod-- ' covered, and ;it seemed a though if had dropped down from the skies- with jhe shower of llake thai covered it. Such a theory, indeed, Aunt Hetsy was willing to accept, for it was better for her to lo..k upon the little thing as a gift from heaven and immediately try to give it a mother's care, than to strive to fathom a mystery desired to be kept, and bring upon its Jiead disgrace and "sorrow. After many sunuies and unnecessary iietionings into each others' affairs the village folk resigned themselves, to Aunt lUtsy's philosophy. "It it didn't come down from heaven with the snow , probably the Lord knew where it did conic from, and when he is ready would let. them know too; only km v it was. here ami 1 intend to take care of it and ask-nShe did not say. further quest ioiLs." however, that on its little body was a tiny shirt, made of oft linen on which some three weeks previous!), she believed she had stamped a small embroidery scallop, and w hich now she had laid carefully, away for further developments. When "the tiny thing was old enough.. to have a name all the women in the tow.n wanted 'to assist in the selection, and many an interesting conversation was held over the counter about the baby's name. "She is "1 should so prcttv," said one mother. think you would call her June or Hose or. Vail or some fine name like that." "She i.v such a little thing," said another; "why don't vou call her Fanny or Minnie tie"'1" "She almost belongs to all of us.' v said still another; "why not name heriJndy for the town." This seemed to suit most of the women folk, but Aunt Betsy was a howlong time deciding. In the meantime,clothes-fo- r ever, she. was making most wonderful the approaching day of the christening; embroidered flannels and dress, while a cloak of white cashmere done in blue forget-me-not- s was the principal gift of this loving foster mother, and, not until the second Clrristmas, when the little thing was beginning to talk, did she receive a name vTd like to please you all," Aunt Betsy said, "but vou have so many different opinions' Now T never but once in my life had a chance to hear or see any great personage and that was when my, father took us all up g to London to hear Jenny liind same as was-thperhaps as her name oiirs we might he some relation, and it's a good thing to he loyal to your so I think I'll just name this little might of singer. Lind being a thing for that my brother, the name of this town named-foI guess it--: who was the 'first town officer, ' wilf suit you all pretty, well anyhow." What Aunt Betsy didn't tell was that the laid little embroidered shirt so carefully for some singer away had been stamped ,rirl who a few weeks before had responded Time and time again to their applause in the untown amusement hall. So Jenny Lind, been me der Aunt Betsy's tutelage and care communitv. She quite a "girl in the little her good was trained; in all things which her accom- foster mother knew, and though 1 - jK-rha- 1 o -- 1 oi-M- sing,-thinkin- own-famil- i-r- eat r y 