WOMAN'S EXPONENT. so plkhments were; few, slit was- the leader among the young people in every social affair and a great favorite with all. Aunt Betsy gave the girl grc.t freedom at all times, 'exeepf when troupe of players stepped on their way and two. entertained the villagers for a night-oAt viK-- times she ua rnjre than watchful Miul never let her out of her sight, and at !tit such times jinny herself was more. anxious for her 'freedom. The. dull little town always seemed so much duller after these visits. The. novelty of entertaining actors even of mediocre ability was quite exhilarating, and Jenny's fcct always seemed to want to d. nice" much faster w hen he heard the Aunt Betsy music, s.. last' indeed that u;i at'raidhe would dance into their crowd and disappear as Middcnly as she had come. Perhaps jV would have joined some of the troupes had she followed her own inclination., but thetv was a magnet greater even than her love for her foster mother which held Jenny from leaving home. The votith of the village had looked with admiring eyes for a long time on this young girl. More beautiful and something different to the other girls, die had unwittingly won the hearts of the young men, but by none of these had her heart been touched. It was not love for anything human" that held Jenny at home, but a fascination for a piece of needle work of her foster mother's over which she marveled and questioned and pondered many hours. As time went on Jenny assumed most of the duties of the little home and business, leaving Aunt Betsy more time for her teaching ami embroidery.. This particular piece of work, which fascinated Jenny, was never worked upon when others were around, only at night and early morn ings, and the only satisfaction Jenny ever "some day it received for her questions will explain to you a mystery.". The thought that perhaps it had something to- - do with her nirth was enough to keep the girl near her kind benefactress who. though she had been all that a mother could be, had never; been called other than Aunt Betsy, "leaving the sacred name of mother to be given only, good Lord ever allowed, to her who had the. right" so said the kind old soul when upbraided by the girl for not allowing her to call her mother. "You were my most precious Christmas gift, Jenny, and some dat, I hope, we will have the chance to give on that holy day, an offering in return for the joy you have brought to me." It was not easy to "obtain al ways the proper colored silks for the fine workman- some-stragglin- r h jor -- w-a- s if-th- ship of Aunt Betsy's wonderful picture, and w hen sent .for, it took a long time to get the articles by mail," and so like Penelope's famous needle work it seemed as though it never would be done, but as Jenny grewr to young womanhood the ..tapestry took oru a more finished form. On the Christinas vylien Jenny was eighteen it was her gift from Aunt Betsy. A work the dear old lady had wrought throughout the eighteen years; a work the tired brain riad pondered over and the clever hands had at last been able to accomplish, r- -r The picture was a yotmg girl like Jenny in all respects savecomplexion, for Jenny's hair was' dark, while the. picture girl had hair of burnished gold. Jenny's eyes w ere that unknown color between the brown and violet which sometimes seem black and sometimes blue hazel the poets call them ! and the painter calls them grey. This had been the difficult part in making the picture, fur with Jenny's eye? m. front of her and the memory of those soft, brown i:yr whin slic M.!d the. little pattern. Aunt Betsy was much puzzled, however, with the Touch of a soft brush to help with Jut needle, she as "though bv inspiration, caught the soft, findreamy exprcion nnd the work was ished. That her memory served her well U not remarkable, for in all the years shCrhad been striving to recall the details of dress and figure ot the girl ihe had spoken to. but once, and her work was not alone a work of art but a memory and an inspiration. t had she thus cmphncd purine all the years, and now what use could this sfK'cimen of handicraft be? rShe knew not herself, but she gave it to her little girl with admonition to display it where possible but to never part with it, for in its lines were written all she knew of Jenny's mother. 'i he town of Lind never grew beyond the village dimensions, though the railroad came within a few miles and a branch line was run down to (lie town where a cattle guard was built, and not far away a great city grew out of the plains, to which the village their produce and where they sometimes went for entertainment. Beforeanother Christmas Aunt Betsy had fallen into her last sleep, leaving besides heir picture legacy, all her earthly possessions to her adopted daughter. Jenny very soon disposed of her property, having no natural taste for those things which had been a part of her existence and with only a few cherished articles jught the more exciting life in the near-bcity. She had some, little means and considerable common sense, so was soon established in a good home and legan her pursuit of occupation. Perhaps it was fate, perhaps fancy, which led her direct to the manager of an opera house to apply for a position on the stage 'be fore she had ever had any schooling in dramatic art, dancing or musicc other than the church sociables of her native town afforded. She was not without the knowledge, however, that she had the gift, for never in all her life had she been able to keep still when she heard the sound of music. It was not her voice, though she was something of a singer, that responded to the strains, it was her feet, and many a time' in her rambles for wild flowers out oir'the prairie had she whiled away hours, dancing alone to the music of her own voice. So when the manager asked her how long she had taken lessons in dancing she answered, "All her life." He gave dier a trial and she swept before him with such weird grace and agile step as to at once7 win his favor and obtain employment. He related to" his w ife at dinner the story, of the new girl who" had applied for a position and .how beautifully, yet wildly she danced, and that she had no conception of costumes or stage requirements, yet he haddecided txr engage her, and- told his wrfe, who was herself a retired actress to be at the rehearsal on the following day and take the new girl in hand. V. Jenny was somewhat, amazed w hen she appeared for reheat sal, with the appearance and chatter of the bevy of chorus girls and other people w ho assembled Tb do over their parts before the evening performance. Her heart just about failed her had determined to quietly withdraw when the manager's wife accosted her. Mrs. Watts knew " ever-changin- g Tu-uha- folk-too-k . y - i instantly tire girl, she was. so different in every way, and she saw hrst the hesitancy; then tlu redve in her face to quit, so she speedily intercepted Jenny. Mrs. Watts ua-nian unkind woman but had given untold aid and help to many struggling girls. cen hundreds come to the stage an idea that it was a of them--wi- th quick way to fame and fortune, only to fm-it the quickest way to. an owning to to shame and sorrow, and her heas; had often led her to advise girls to keep awav from the footlights and seek other cm plovment. But this was her husband's business and she, a- - far as her conscience would permit, assisted him in his work,. It is ,; hard thing to be'inanager of theatrical con cenis and be above blame? The profession itself makes girls liable t" temptation, the late hours the stage apparel, the necessary contact with all kinds of people, the freedom-ospeech, and the generally unsatisfactory wages are factors which tverv girl should consider before adopting-stage career, and if she le pure t Sli-ha- led-mo- st i y minded should ak herself "Am I strong enough to place art first and with all in;, might struggle against every temptation audi that art?" Few consider and live alone those generally who do, find themselves nr.r so strong as they believed. To Jeunv the first rehearsal u;i a perfect nightmare. She was not asked to join the girls just at first but to watch them; prob ably had she begun the dance with themthe music would so have lured her on that she onld have overcome her timidity. Something in the. face .of Mrs. Watts held her almost spellbound. When that lady finally asked her if she was ready to join the girls t r i .il sue saiu. m incir sooner ixy or me uauee "No, must go. but you. I must see again. I think have seen you before." Her slow, strange speech mystified the lady and she was preparing to let her go when caught a look" in Jenny's face which brought back some forgotten hour. And the two women stood before each other although trying to recall some past acquaintance. Presently Jenny, who though the younger was after all the stronger, said come to see. with me T have something and the two left the theatre together. After a half, hour ride on the car they, were m Jenny s room and she had unpacked Aunt Betsy's legacy and together they were trying to unravel Its mystery. At first Mrs. Watts thought the girl must bemad to think she had any connection with just a piece, of embroidered tapestry, but suddenly her eye' caught the scalloped pattern worked on the girl s bodice.. Then she remarked. I used to do some little needle work; I believe" I have done that pattern oh the waist." With this Jenny flew to her trunk and brought forth the little linen shirt Aunt Betsy had treasured for so many years, and then thev both knew. fr i. - 1 1 she-sudden- ly .for-yo- , Annie Wells Cannon', - . anhe l . Miss Josephine Baker, as chief of the Division of ChildTiygiene of the New York City Health Department, is concerned wuth the" g of; over 825,000" children. There are 135.000 babies born in New York each year ; and during the four years of Dr Baker's administration infant mortality ha been reduced by thousands annually. well-bein- 