WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 44 Woman's Exponent WELLS, Editor and Publisher ASSIE WELLS CAS SOS, At tittant Editor. EMMELISE IS. Publish monthly la copy on 1 1. 00; S!tUkeCity, Uuh. Ternu: one eopy tlx months, 50 eta. delivered bj ' No reiartIoa elobt. for City 25 eU. ne tQft.il, extra for posUge yer, tea lines of Adrertiftio Eek , oce time fl.lA; month, 13. 90. A likerml wd yer, ppr rt: nott-pftri- sq'-nre- el fr spftft dlscoant to regular adrertUert. , 2nd floor Bishop'ft hours from Basines Main Street, BalldlDf, 45 North 10 . m. to p. m., erery. dy, except Sunday... . Address all baainesa communication to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, EirosixTofflee rooms 23 and Salt Laei Citt, Utah. , En! ire J at th Pott Offie in Salt Lakt City. i itconii elan matter. the earth, over mountain and .sea;. and the daughter:-- of the universe have received its benediction. 'Written words could no more tell the magnificent work of the members of the Relief Society than, they could describe the perfume of a 'flower or the song. of the meadow lark, for like ministering angeN disthey comfort the sorrowful, relieve the tressed, feed the hungry, clothe the naked, wait upon the sick, relieve the distressed, scattering glad news and cheer along their daily walk, giving in the true Christian spirit. letting not the left' hand know what the right hand doeth. . One sweet day ui celebration and retheir-- , the y membrance is surely and seventeenth of March. Relief Society Day. . .... ju-tl- Annie "Wells Cannon. March, 1913 RELIEF SOCIETY DAY. The 17th of March i now pretty well conceded to be Relief Society Day throughout all Zion. Scarcely award or branch of the Church but on that day holds a festival of some kind. It may be a party, a concert, a meeting or a feast, at all events it U a day of rejoicing. "I now turn the key for woman," were the ever memorable words uttered by the Prophet Joseph Smith when on the morning of March seventeen, e he eighteen hundred and forty-tw- o Relief Society. There were present eighteen women and three men in a room over the Nauvoo store called the Masonic wnen ine propnei ...a uivereu me birujigc nan, ...t sentence. The society had been dulyorgan-ize- d with a president, two counselors, a secretary, assistant secretary and treasurer.; the name- had been decided upon and some discussion as to the work to 1e performed, when Joseph proceeded to give instruction and in a brief way outline the duties of the society, during which instruction the words above quoted were uttered. Remember, in eighteen forty-tw- o not a college in; the world had opened its doors to women. There were no clubs, societies or organizations of "women any where. Women's education was almost entirely along lines of fine accomplishments such as fitted her to grace a ball room or a family parlor but to unfit her to 'meet life and its issues without the aid of man to lean upon. She was trained much on the. theory-othe clinging yineand hothouse notion and not at all fitted for or the throes of the strength of adversity all of which training is charming ancLquite sufficient wheir a sturdy oak in the shape of a prosperous husband can be guaranteed for ever and for ever.. But alas for the wars and other conditions that hew down thesturdy oaks and leave mothers, wives, sweethearts to stand and fight alone life's battles ! Glance back seventy-on- e years; what a organ-izerlth- fT-- 1 Ti 1 'm. - self-suppo- rt well-dispos- ed U: ... r doctors, lawyers, bachelors of art, literature, science It states women, police women; mayors, members of city councils, juvenile judges; and numerous other positions held by woman while; in matters of education she claims her place on the same basis as : her:brotherthe- - basisof : intellectuality. The key was indeed turned for woman. That glorious- thought vibrated throughout f - The tenth session of the Utah legislature has closed and for the fourth time since statehood women took part with men in the framing of the law s. There have been all together nine women elected to the legislature of this state ; more than any other state has had and foremo-- t of all the states in such procedure. Very much has been published this oat winter in the different magazines alout Colorado's woman senator, claiming that Mrs. Robinson of that state is the first woman in the United States U hold that position ; and it has been with some surprise that we have noted the press of Utah has not contra dicted the .statement, when it is well known that in 1897, Dr. Martha Hughes Cannon was elected on the Democratic ticket to the legislature, as state senator, and the same year Mrs. LaBarthe was elected state repre sentative. The next session Mrs. Alice M. Home of Salt Lake City and Mrs. Anderson of Ogden were elected representative-- , while-twyears later Mrs. Coulter of Ogden graced the lower house with her presence. After a lapse of five years women came once more to the front in this connection and the result was the election in 1912 of five women on the state ticket, one presidential elector and four state representatives. The elector,-Mrs- . Margaret Zane Witcher ; Dr. Jane W. Skolfield, Mrs. Anna H. King, Mrs. Edvthe Elle;rbeck Read and Mrs. Annie Wells Cannon, representatives. In the beginning of the session Mrs. Read, who had been ill all Winter, died without even qualifying, and "wiiv-i- i uie nau sustained not a severe loss in companionship- - but the loss of an able and brilliant in the jmany lines of their work. That the legislature just' closed has been a memorable one for some splendid work is recognized as a review of the measures passed will testify. The interests of the state at large were well considered, and while roads and bridges, and cattle and sheep, and wild animals and irrigation projects, and revenue and7 taxation, mines and .smelters and 'dif ferent mdustries, fish and game, all received mucn attention, therewas also more thought and time given I i to the n education - --w VthU of the state and more splendid measures en- aaea along mat line than, any previous legislature; also considerable attention was given to social legislation, and while all the measures along this line w:ere not successful, many of them were. Anions thr ter were the widowed mothers' pension and I . o 0iy co-labor- , . f already admirable work. That some worthy measures did n ceed is due not so much to a lack of work as jxrhaps a lack of knowledge part of some of the legislators. Nev, require, like other things, time to gro. when the seed is once sown the ' pretty sure to. thrive and tho-- c thing- for this time will, we trust, be realize next. For tile first time in the history .: -- X the legislature adjourned in the ai! sixty days, a precedent which it is :. THr. LEGISLATURE. Salt Lake City, Utah, joint guardianship, the minimum wax tr.c woman deputy, the widows', proper '. tlx exemption bills for all of w'hich the worked most earnestly, also the new ' nile court law. Which is a mo-- t ex.. measure. It creates a svstem of u: court judges throughout the statv. ;, greatly to the efficiency and er V J other sessions will follow. A. W. SUFFRAGISTS AND SUFFRAGETTES. It seems almost impossible for the ; mmc to distinguish the ditTerence between the two organizations of women known as the Suffrage organization and the Suffragette societv. The first, the ufTragits, is that no:b!e Ixxly of women who have firmly but rjuittiv and decisively carried .on an educational campaign for the right of franchise: a noble and notable army of women w ith live leaders like Susan B. Anthony,' Elizabeth Cady Stanton. Lucretia Mott and other-- , who have held congresses and coimnti-n- s in nearly all the large cities of the world; who have proclaimed .their gopel of e; .;a! suffrage from the platform and through the press out have never resorted to any dem onstration bevond the digmtv ot the refined, although at times they have themselves been boisterously assailed and nio-- t unkindly and unjustly ridiculed and misrepresented through the press. The second, the suffragettes, are a militant organization of women who endeavor to gain the right of franchise through force rather than education, through demand rather than persuasion; claiming that' what is. the right of. men is equally the right of women and needs no' argument. That the end hoped for is the same need not imply that either organization neces sarily justifies the other in its mode of pro cedure. Whatever the suffragettes may Uaink of the educational plan, it is quite certain the suffragists do not approve of K .. fir n c tO i I1CU 111CV Lin, immaiu? gU r?0 ittA destroy property, threaten life, interfere with the mail and incite to panic and riot. The law is the law and when one breaks- law, man or woman, then is he, or she subject to the penalty of the offense. It is this misunderstanding- among- the masses of the people, this not being abfe.to distinguish between the two, this thinking that if a woman wants to vote she must necessarily ;be a militant and 'window smasher, that has retarded and; hurt the suffrage cause more than anything else. In all probability: it was this same - misunderstanding which caused the trouble in Washington the day before during the suffrage-parad- e m--- t . l-- M-iI- lI . - - law-break- er President Wilson's inauguration. The lowr element of the city, jhe hoodlums andigric)-ran- t 'masses, assailed without resistance from 