WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 53 abih-tigiven to this imperfect little, sketch than to responsibility, jmd where hi superior alori this line were highly appreciated. "quote the word written on a page of Sister Howes album by one it her "girls. ".During the-- e years five children were in"The beauty of holiness beaming through PW to them. The eldest two died in Kdar. icore, your life P an energy of moral uasion fancy, lea viui; three on-'. i. and Charles greater than precept, command, or warn-irThe seen but silent beaut v of holiness for the Elder, and They kept open liMii-more eloquently of (Sod and dut hail the. pleasure of enterT:uniiiL:' many members of "ur Church, anions than the toiigtu-- of men and angels." s Snow, OYore them beini; Arties May Hi rw T i..m ok. Smith. A. Smith and Joseph forty Canadians being present, among both of her, counselors and the stake U, 1 es -- vj . . e dP-'tinviPh- ed ! sjH-ltk- s s Kra-tn. 1.4 they came to Ptah. I.atintr in Salt City, where they found a warm welcome awaiting them by the many whom they had so hospitably entertained. MY. Howe became me of the tnniif business men of the ci mninnit Sifter Julia has been an indefatigable worker in the various Church organization, almost from the time they were until failing health and advanced necessitated quiet and rest. She acted a- - a teacher and afterward a treasurer of the Seventeenth Ward Relief Society. She organized a ewin class to aMt the Relief Society, which ua called the Junior Retrenchment association, and this afterward became the Mutual Improvement Association, of which Sifter Howe was President, for quite a number of years. When the Primary Associations were established she was made President of the Ward association, and he served aPo as an aid in the Relief Society Hoard of the old Salt She was a Sunday Sells Lake Stake. teacher for many years, and quite a numHowe with Si-tber, who were asy-iatein Sunday School. Mutual, or Primary work, and who were taught by her have In fce -- IN MEMORIAM. f.KV -- 1 d er since attained prominent positions jn various hurrh nr'fnni7.i intis Amon" thesv mi""tit lc mentioned Sister Maria Y. Dou.all, Clarissa S. Williams" Anti 1). Croesbeck. Klizateth C. McCune. and Ida Felt aPo Prother Ceore Albert Smith and ojthers. Her testimony of the was always most fervent and convincing. It was Siter' Howe's custom in years ionc by to entertain the widows and orphans and others in the ward who were less fortunate than herself. She was most generous in her contributions, spiritually, physically and financially, and both she and Prother Howe were ever ready to give-otheir substance at ajl "times to asist in the work of the Ixrd. In these labors" orlove. Sister Howe enshrined herself in the hearts, of hundreds who have been blessed and benefited by Her wise counsels, her kindly admonitions, and above all. by .the. beautiful example of her ( ; jpel f daily life." "A spirit pure as, hers, is always pure, even while it errs, as sunshine .broken in a rill, though turned aside, is: sunshine still." The prophetic promise of her father has been fulfilled. not alone in the faithful performance of these public duties, but in' her unceasing efforts to obtain genealogical data and carry oii her Temple work. For the purpose of obtaining more complete records she visited her birthplace in 1886 "and w as highly successful in her quest. It is 'worthy ofnote that she has lived to have the work-donfor every one of, the hundreds whose record she was able to 'obtain And "now at the age of four score years and ten .she rests quietly iir her comfortable home awaiting almost anxiously for the Fathers call. Perhaps no more fitting close could be e , !IK ' !' o ! . . ! I . kT 'On Sunday. April '3th. lane- - Ri V I s j ! 1 ! si I lre TV ki:. M l th.-funera- at CariNton was almost tilled with sympathizing friends. As. the large number of relatives and fellow workers, entered the buildipg. the congregation arose en masse. Follhwing immediately behind' the sorrow ing husband and children, were the fellow workers in the Relief Soeietv, representing most of the wards in the stake. Xearly al! were dressed in white and bearing the many and most beautiful floral offerings, the scene was of solemn grandeur and one long to be remembered by all present. The service throughout were most impressive. Sympathetic and comforting remarks were made bv Riders Johannes Anderson, b'sjah A. Hammer. Amnion Mercer. David fames T. Prown. President Kdward J. Wood. Patriarch II. M. Prown. and Sister Sarah P. Davis of the stake board of Relief Society.' RIder Thomas Duce and Sterling W illiams made the opening and prayers respectively. Beautiful music was rendered by the choir and a ntnrtet. consisting of Mrs. Grace Caxier. Mr. Ida Prown. and Frank Payne nnd A. P. Cure. The si luit for the occasion was Mrs. Marv Peadbetter. Mary Jane White Hinmau was burn at Farmington. Utah. April r. 1X5. where she lived w ith her parents until her marriage with. Henry P. Hinmau ov. 18. 174. She Continued to make her home here until she moved to Canada in June. I8r0. There were born to her in Farmington three, sons and three daughters;, and after her arrival in (.ardston two more sons were born. Janto uary. 1892. she was chosen c'un-e"lo- r Zina V. Card in the Y..P. M. d. A., which position she held until' August. 1894, when she was appointed' president 'of the V. L. M. I. A. in the Cardston ward. Two Avars, later, on Aug. 24. 18o. Aunt Jane' was chosen as second counselor to Marv L. Woolf in "the Relief Society .in the Alberta stake, which petition she 'held until Xov. 14, 1909. when she was appointed president.. Tins position she held .up to the time of her death., She was a true. Jaithful Patter-d- a v Saint, and was ever ready sto defend the faith. She was joyed by all associated with her.. She was one of the few who could always be depended upon and whose word-waseldom if ever broken. .During the nnst' two years she .lias suffered greatl'w Sister. hlmman died April 13th atjhe Patter-da- v Saints hospital Salt Pake- City,, following an. operation, surrounded by sorrowing friends' and loved ones. A funeral service was held jrt the undertaking parlors, about In r.r-- -- ( tin- T. enir.l rrtenif.yr - r! Ik-I- i airoo, April FIN-f 6, TliurSnn. the kclicf ?.:: S---- ; Minrie Soiitli waril, who departol - March A- ol sj-tt- VH. 10, lias t:' :.t lo take irorv. se!) he it -r, That we the officers anl iner:.: of Monroe S'uth W'anl. Relief Soeietv,' 1. .. .1... .. .! . .. .,A oi tii iiui,L(s .hmiii ii um nit n.iiiu linn hi ..11 extend ..ur heartfelt svrnjathy to the hep-- . laf.iily of the departed. kt-s- . .1-- tin- -- . eel. - I ed. 'That ve fidlow- the example ii,is h it us. it trying to hve a life a .!s kt-s- !x. - as po ,j r- I; nrr d e. J kesohcil. That t.v ;'ucn a copy of these reso! the family, and a copy he s :; n t!:e Wotnan's F.xpor.ent. hdlen Tliueson was hlcssed and Si-t- er . )nn - then Tic'.l' at ( Matrlchy's. r rlnv ffiiirrh nf thi iin She held that position faithfully for a per: of ten years She was always a faithful mes ner a:;o a rrui'iinir star in an our Kenet zvicie until the sickness that cauftc! tier Scrm-'.n!i!-'i(- . cl.o-in- i Sssf. r r y .a' . :;i-rr- lib- - II.-Rlton- niri.so. MLrji.v were held was IjcxIv . rt White' Hiniv.au. The treasurer. shipped to CacxPton, and walnut at I;valJ.s by her sons Scott and' Willanl the rernaii drew the train which the band plaed "Nearer Mv Cod to T'.. in the presence of friends who had gat! there to do honor to the departed sister. The sympathy of the whole oniinim;: wimhose. who mourn, especially u::l. bereaved husband who j in his seventy-ea- r. and who for the past twenty-- r veafs ha been cared for by his devoted Jam: W. P tk.s. Stake mains of Mar. The tabernacle service- - over fh n, ae W'K WHI1K HIN'M I'Rf-..- . be-Lfti- .1 Soictv iii w-rk- . t, . !' Di-rmtt- ii ... i. f i. . cause. i ... Jane X ; g " To the Family. Dear friends and hereaved relatives: In h:Ai of Vhe Monroe South Ward Relief S"'cier . r . i t i i . win rrv'i a lew lines in iovc ana swupai; with t!;e hereaved. and in fond remenihr.ance r : 1 1 - . . i ., .:inn i.i.eji ..., no .1. , one, i wi!.. . '1 who have lived hy and learned to love her. w kniew Iiow we. will mi-- s her Iovincr ' i nnil w i'i ,nn;id fr, - oenrtf i''' if tlie' Relief Society work. c: i ? -- irinut-so- u i- - pre-e:'- T 1 . r- r- .. . L" . s " i G"d has called a noble 'spirit. n.ne whom we ail shall. miss. With her wise advice and counsel And her face of cheerfulness. . One could feel the Holy influence Of a spirit filled With love, She has earned, a' crown of glory. An eternal' home above. Her life was not a path of roses; P.ut how jratiently she tread. Heeding not the thorns that pierced her. Xor life's sorrows as they fled. tri her IonLr life of carrifirf ' She heeded not the strain Xor marked the slowly' ebbing tide Of life's enduring pain. As mother daily toiled she on What sweeter thought to you, Embracing all that's, pure and good Your friend, both tried and true. Mourn "her not too deeply, Time alone we know can heal. The loss of her loving presence, Which you now so deeply feel. Live a life both pure and noble,,-Lher be your guiding star, . For she loves and will awaij you et In het; heavenly home afar. Mrs Jane Nay. Monroev Utah, JNfar; 12, 1913. 6 - . ' i 