WOMAN'S EXPONENT. and went not out day nor night. As Jiild the writer recalls the fact of how iightful she thought it would he to dwell . a Temple. i'erhaps it would be considered almost rilege to call a woman a prophetess in H.ilay and yet one who knew Lucy Smith, mother of the Prophet Joseph, can iicely think of her except as a prophetess. soulful eyes', even in her picture, re- il this fact. !n what is termed the middle ages, wom-- r were as heroines and certainly they a lieved merited greatness of intellect and (l:.ility even though the customs o! that peri ..1 would not accord them the place of i..iality with men. Ilvpatia was so learned in the ancient iiieek philosophy that she taught the men that time in lectures in the great halls and temples of learning devoted only to the lusher thought, but because she was a woman of such remarkable talent and culture, and could draw large audiences who d in her presence, she was m l ined cruelly .murdered by an infuriated mob, dragged from her carriage on her way to the great lecture hall in the city of Alexandria and terribly abused, torn limb from limb, and her bones burned to ashes. This was about the middle of the fifth century. Sappho, the Greek muse, the greatest writer of lyric jxetry and song, was born abut a century later. She was exceedingly beautiful, but her life is shrouded in mys-- u rv. Research among the archives of that famous city of Athens have brought from obscurity her work and a few of her songs, svine of them being only snatches of .melody, have been published. Coming down to a later day; we recall fa(Jueen Elizabeth of England, who was It was mous for her executive ability. during her reign that a great change came about for all women of that period. Perhaps Elizabeth was not a wman, nor was she as wise as she might have .been, yet she had great strength of character, was an example of courage to h.ce difficulties and rise to the occasion a hen a crisis came. Catherine II, Empress of Russia, is an- her. Her womanly characteristics brought a: .ut reforms and she will always stand as a hining mark. The annals of history have only recorded a ew remarkable women, but in the later . ti es, when knowledge and higher educa-tihave become more widely diffused, m iv. women, both in European countries j a d'eleswhere, have been recognized as g .at benefactors of the world at large. 'hose who are acquainted with history .w of the great works of Harriet Marti au, Joan of Arc, also of Queen Louise Vussia, and of Madame de- Stael and of i n pie . - ; spell-boun- well-balanc- ed - i 7 - in. .iv others. : . and Victoriaqueen, empress, wife her, whose example of each of these hen m vC live while time lasts. he name of George Eliot must not: be on 'ted in mentioning the great Avomen of I- w She was the greatest literary that England has produced. has ;land. uan 517 wisdom, in thus standing foVemost for the cause of woman's equality with men. After the Revolution and peace was restored, women in America were busy with household cares, ami it wa a Ion"- time be I ore great thing- - wen- achieved by them, but the practice of slavery in the south and the abhorrence of it in the uuh provoked dienion. A convention was galled in Loudon and both men and women wete ent as delegates from the I'nited State. The women, however, were not allowed the privilege of delegates could not take their seats, but watched the proceedings from behind curtain in the gallery. SomeW the men were losal enough to sit with the women. Out of tin circumstance grew the first woman's rights convention in America, at Seneca halls. New York. July 19, 1848. The dear old ( hiakeress Lucretia Mott, was the leading spirit, being the first woman to stand on the platform and speak for equal suffrage. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, then on her wedding tour, was one who stemmed the tide of ridicule and opposition! Susan B. Anthony, a young woman schoolteacher, joined forces with the little band. We must not omit. Margaret Fuller who, early in the nineteenth century, stood with the greatest men of that day for the highest development of woman. . - - -- In other lines: higher education, temper- ance, equal pay for equal work, etc., etc., let mention be made of Frances Willard, whose statue stands in the hall of Congress, Florence Nightingale, and Clara Barton, services for soldiers and whoe sailors have been honored the world over. Julia Ward Howe is considered by many as the greatest woman of her time, a great writer., speaker, poet and philanthropist. Her "Battle Hymn of the Republic" has won for her fame and favor wherever it life-lon- g has been sung. Susan Anthony stands foremost in memorv as the strongest minded of the women' of a century that has produced many magnificent characters as examples of greatness. a young Lucy Stone, whose career as woman, was very remarkable, and .who founded the ll'oman's Journal in Boston, over fifty vears ago, deserves the gratitude of the women of the world, for the Journal has indeed been a blessing unto all. Women in the present day, who are doof achievement, both ing much in the way nuin this and. other countries, are' more merous than in the past:" Olive Schreiner, in far off Africa, Ellen Key, Marie Corelli, Sarah Bernhardt, Mme. Montford, and in', Charour own land, Caroline M. Severance, lotte Perkins Gilman, Jane Addams, May Rev. Wright Sewall, Carrie Chapman Catt, AbiAnna HM&aw, Rev. Olympia Brown, PalHonore gail Scott Dunni way, Bertha mer and Alice Stone Blackwell. faced all The pioneer women of Utah of The sorts of difficulty, with the courage whom many of them Pilgrim Fathers from One of the foremost is were descended. a Eliza R. Snow, a pioneer of 1847, poet, of great spiritual writer, and a woman has prnver' Her hymn, "O My Father, and is, been translated into many languages, the world over, Zina D. H. Young . merica, ever since its settlement, ma ie rapid strides upward in every great cai- -e for trie world's betterment. At the. tin e of the framing of the Constitution, Ab-ig--i the gift of healing. a in degree messed large that Adams wrote her husband that in household. words,. wherever are names Their conbe: imr rfonf nmpnt women must ' . . known. " own her and sid red, proving her courage s Sarah M. Kimball, one of the most. progressive of the women of the west, stood as linn for women's .equal rights with men here in the west as. Susan B. Anthonv her ": self. These " , women who have been mentioned stand as types who have given their best efforts for the elevation .of the human race; philanthropists in very deed also, standing for purtity and righteousness. Now is the'time for the younger women to come forth and take hold and they must not be "weary in well doing." The way has been paved through Adverse circumstances, and now , in the enlightenment of the world with all the new advantages they can gain the goal fur which all of these noble character- have been striving. of-othe- rs FOREIGN LETTER. With Mrs. Barrett's permission we take pleasure in publishing the following letter written to the president of the National Council of Women of the United States, thinking it will enlighten the members of the organization in. regard to present conditions. Tjik KniTOK. 1 Rubislaw Terrace, Aberdeen, December U, VH2. Dear Mrs. Waller Barrett: In sending you a Christmas card today, I wish also to tell you how warmly I welcome you as President of the National Council of Women of the U. S. A., and therefore on the 'Executive Committee of the International Council of Women. have also heard from. Lady Aberdeen of the much better prospects for the United States Council, and I wish with all my heart that under your Presidency the Council may enjoy a period of fruitful growth and expansion, and become from East to West, and North to South, a power in the land that shall worthily reflect the influence, ex1 traordinary in its kind, which the women of the States are known to have exerted in the wonderful development of the States. Nowhere are the problems of women's sphere, dignity, place and economic values-morcomplex than in the States! Their variability in one place and another is such that "anything, like a common standard of right must be almost an impossibility. And precisely this feature presents the call for a thoroughly organized Woman's Council, clear in its ideals; with a committee, penetrated by the purest and highest ideals, and yet individually filled with a patience and wisdom that shall enable them to grasp the. various localities, and the difficulties-ito help the local workers gradually to a level of fuller understanding and the moral and economic position of women' in society and the State. If I realize this difficulty' of local feeling even as between my own town of "Aberdeen and the city of Edinburgh, or of Glasgow in Scotland, and again in Manchester, or towns like Notting--hain England, and again the great chasm between all of these and London, can well Imagine what a tremendous problem you women of the United States are up against My full sympathies and good wishes arc with you, and I should like you to tell your God-- , colleagues how warmly I wish them Britain what speed. We know, well in Great the women of the. present day owe to the of the insight and courage of the women United States ; it is true the" traditions of m I. ! -- . e 