WOMAN'S- Aioroni to the prophet Joseph Smith cliche! no great surprise. "I could not say an angel .ould not conic.' hc said, "when know ihey have visited the earth in day of id; then, why notnow ?" Just then, a vect girlish face looked in at the door. "Come in," the ladv said, 7 want vou to hear about this huv i.rei h- t , "Mv .daughter can introducing me peak bettor Imiii ih than I can. she h: itist irradnated from the- English course ; As she entered, she kissed Ik school." mother" with great respect, and I notice that she ahvavs waited until her moth .er ceased speaking before voicing her on u thoughts. While the young lady was not skeptical nor prejudiced during the recital of the angel's first visit to Joseph Smith, die asked several pointed hut natural quesThe story impressed than; riveted tions. their attention. We spoke of America, her resources and wealth: of California with her wonderful climate, fruit and Mowers. From a descriptive poem of the first visit of the "Mormon" Tabernacle Choir to that land read a few fragments. "Why did your people, not go on to California?" the young lady asked. The reason given that Cod himself had chosen this abode for his Saints. I liad brought a book of views with me. "In and Around Salt Lake." .Soon our minds were engrossed with Utah; her towering mountains capped with eternal snow; her pure breezes and irlorious sunsets; her great inland sea. with its picturesque islands., and her living springs of water that had made the desert blossom as the rose. How enthusiastic all people become when speaking of the wonders and beauties of America. I.ut I wished to call on some of our American delegates, who on the: morrow were leaving for home, so 1 arose to go. "Will you not ride with me?" the. lady quickly asked. "I. would show you Berlin." be Assuring her that her guest would glady carsubject to her wishes, she ordered her riage. On one side of the house was a covered, glass arched drive way, where we found the carriage waiting as we descended the stairs. Fraulein CWeiner was to accompany us as far aa the school that the younger,. children attended. There we parted with her, even with regret, as we would not likely meet again. . So it happened that I rode guest through beautiful Charlotterrburg thesolemn of that noble lady. I observed the crossed as looking footmen their arms the equipages passed us, and wondered if those I was" wont to meerafiiome, wouk? recognize me in this role? My friend spoke of her home life; of her children, and of as many "things that drew us together wninen .nnd mothers. This visit we enjoyed itself. Is not Berfully as much as the ride delin a grand city ? Are not her suburbs forbidding-lookin- g lightful ? ; No squalid, and attrachouses, but all seemingly new n tive The poor in Berlin, as in other cities, live 011 the fourth or fifth story as the rent is less tne mgner (no elevators), rr fomilv rents' a. 'AVohnuncr the conven- as., it is' .called, jwhich has all 1 . i' . 1 - she-said- -- - I ' ' -- Ger-ma- , lJ.Jc in their home life, as their more wealthy ' ; , neighbors. We conversed aooui mc wiigiu minds had just closed ; of the many brilliant . .w. wh h.id - EXPONENT. their best thought-- and anticipation of w man's enlarged sphere. mi the varinih cmitrles t r in whence thc f e. uiM came.. Mis, May Wright Sew all lnd Uvu u r able and honored president, and lie had made her presence fi It through all that ast gathering. Then we poke of thosi- returning home, ami incidentally of thoM- who were to leave on the morrow,. "Shall we not return. now?" Fran Weincr gicn i tin-lowl- 1 -- I - I - asked. "I would call on the Ann-rictils, too ; t I wotiiu nke to in vet them. ressmg the m button the coach, the lootihati appeared hi- - mistress at the window gave him her orders, and we were driven rapidly back to Berlin, and down to the Ballast Hotel. The ( ierman lady could not understand a woman being a minister, so she asked Rev. Anna Shaw if she baptized people. "Ye." she replied, "if they desire it." "And do you marry people?" the lady asked. "Ye." she answered, "and I. am glad to say. that when marry them, they never get but live happy ever after." Speaking of the agitation at Washington on the "Mormon" question, Mrs. Chapman Catt asked if I remembered a certain lady, naming her. who had lived among us for some time in Ctah? Yes, the lady was well remembered. Receptions had been held in her honor, parties been given, where the writer had heard her speak in glowing terms of the women of Ctah: what wonders they had accomplished in w resting that land from the desert. "Well." continued Mrs. Catt, "all last winter they lectured against you in the Fast and stirred up the trouble you are now havof the ing. Your own state is the hotbed 1 1 1 . 1 1 d. I anti-'Mormon'- ," ?" of-th- , anti-spiri- t? I "Yes." she,slowlv answered; "yes.".. On the wav back to Noelendorf, the subMrs.' Catt's remarks was again jeet of of hroiifdit out the ri; Thk i . story f the earlv 'Saints, which fC mnrtvnlom of the boy. prophet of the . and his -brother; and the IIexpulsion it.!- a cif. .if iu.Sai trom Psauvoo:. ;ui uu.viu Church . Ho ctorv innvrn .t ... - :u i. istv mat nu iUn. f.i, imnrt at t ie auv lO sauiicss, not Was it eves were surTused with tears. m.-so in the days ot Liinstjaia uiose ui him? W'as henot tier wounded in the house of his fnendsr her but look, gentle face wore a troubled heart could understand. 1 asked,, . Proffering the book of views, a "Would you accept this as a souvenir of j njrw. i kji. I'll - j NOTES ABOUT WOMEN. - P anu-spiii- , afternoon?" re'T shairbe so proud," she eagerly come again next sponded. uO, yes, will you and week " she inquired. . "Come to tea with you ; 1 bring vour voting daughter Will send vou a card." We. lingered long; were full over the "good bve," our hearts of regret, at the parting of the way... I pondered In the quiet hour following, incidents over the afternoon's; viiitTand its Yho of mv friends would have recognized me riding m that stately carriage, through most-delightfu- l it , movement." Looking wonderingly at me, the German '"Anti-'Mormon- re-vis- at'-m- anti-'Mormo- n' ladv said. e To her, the story '"of the restoration to her Gospel was so simple and plain that, mind, there could be no antagonism to its truthfulness. Aside, I said to her. "lias Even there not always been an. in the dawn of time, did not Cain kill Abel. the. righteous one r 1 1 1 ; un-marrie- the streets.of Berlin? For two years I had tramped in the mission field in England, earning the gospel mostly to those in walk of life. For being a "Mormon" had In 'rue the senfN of the idle and those wh knew nt what-thewere doing, but had worn the proud tlistinct i n that came because had been was a "Mormon," happv when the "Mormon" wa hurled at me and my people slandered." "Are you not working f.r Him?" had asked myself, "ll 'U cannot hear that little thing for His sake, you are not worthy of Him." Did 'I I'we Him, then could bear for His sake, and had lain down on my. hard English led and slept the sleep of peace. In mcnion there arose the happy homes, where the family groups were outlined in the glow of the open fire, and thoughts ui days when I., too', was thus surrounded, brought again the was unable to still. Then the faces pang of man) congenial friends rose before me like the one with whom I had just parted. The doors of jMvcrty Mad been shut in my face, hut the gates of the wealthy and titled had been opened w ide, and "Come in and sup with" us. and come again," had been s.'uM. nvtr and over. The Angel Moroni, how oft have I declared his words, and bonfc' testimony of his visit to the prophet Joseph Smith! It seems he must know ; at times he feds so near. I almost expect to see Inm. In this service many beautiful places; ee the faces of gentle loving friends' who wnv i:i7t of mv life then. Shall, we Ye! When or w here I know-notmet t but we will meet again. Kindly, warm hearts may be deceived ; walls of prejudice may be built up ever s() high, hut we will meet again. It may be when" all .things are made plain by the light of eternity, when all the mists are rolled away. With some, in the world I have left a solemn testimony., In parting they have said. "When we get to the other world, w e will look for you." "And I will look for you; then you will know that what I have told you is true." And the Angel Moroni? His prophecy will-theall have been fulfilled. Lvdia I). At.i)i:R. Salt Lake Citv, Utah, . , , , At the convention of the German Catholic ccntraf vcrcin held last September in Ch- to women icago an important step pertaining 'was taken. For the first time since its ormemganization omen were admitted into bership: Thistep, which is certainly a proof gressive one, met With the endorsement Archbishop Ealconio, papal delegate. and Archbishop Quigley. of Chicago, both of whom addressed the convention. The organization has for its purpose edur cation along practical lines of social reform. Archbishop FalcomoZeorifcrred the papal were ad- blessing on the 64 .women who ion. ; mitted'as.dekgatesjo thereon vent ' . "Works without faith are like a fish without water; it wants the element it should line: in A building without a basis cannot.stand acfaith is the fundaniation. and vvery good tion is a stone laid." v V-'- 