WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 52 Woman's Exponent -- EMMEL1SE D. WE LLSV Editor and Publither IE WELLS CANNOX. Atsistant Editor. Published monthly In Salt Lake City, Uuh. Terms: one copy one yer, $1.00; bne copy lix monthr, 50 eta. No reduction rWe for clubs.. City pprs delivered oj mail, extrt for postage ene year, 25 eta. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of spaoa one time 12,50; per month, $3.0. A liberal discount to regular adTertisera. Exponent office roora28 and 29, 2nd floor Bishop's BuJMin. 40 North. Miin Street, y'Buslness hours. from 10 a. ra. to 5 p. m, every day, icept Sunday. Address all business comnrunif ations to ' Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lauk Citt, fAH. . el non-pari- t t'ntered at tht Post Offic in Salt Lak City. Utah mcoh4 rk v-- A NX " cause for which. they laid down their lives"; meeting in one class and the young mo tUTS and so we sayon each May day: () happy in another, each' department taking m iir mothers--thave Iwfne illustrious sons who particularly fitting to its various need, has been women of disciisM evolution fought in freedom's cause and whose gravis on genealogical wo are dear to every. mother who loves her own. time has been sjent Sister Verona, B. Redd, secretary of .y- As we look backward, we can find many wonderful .mothers of men and women. .In lor Stake, reported that much good s in this far ":ie stake, was there accomplished' away Lucy the nineteenth century, k. Mack Smith, mother of the gTeat Prophet people are intensely interested in their of this dispensation, and of his brother the and are steadily progressing. She was followed by Mrs. Sarah Ml Patriarch.. If we could hut.lxk" iiito a member of the Board of Ban:' eyes and hear her relate the story of her li'fc.we would certainly, class herewith .the .Stake.. -- There' are fourteen, societies i!: .;lr. scattered over a large area of ,;:n- greatest mothers who have been permitted stake, 4.o travel .seveinx ::c ii is to bring forth men who have stood for the miles to reach one ward. The member- highest ideals of honor and spiritual upunited, and the work is steadily grow lifting that have ever been revealed, since Sister Alice Boomer represented Bin-- ii ;t:n the world began. Stake, where there are ten societies 3 of four hundred. The mcml)crship is work especially good, being conducted hv EDITORIAL NOTE. competent class leaders. were rendered- -- Interesting Av programs March- 1 by nearly all the Rebel Societies Xative Land." indeed it would be in the Church, Benson Stake was' reported by Mrs. Reis with it but becca Rawlins.- - The-- distinctive fcatn :v wf impossible to publish them all; renewed of the much pleasure that we read her rcjK)rt was that in this stake two occathese work interest in Relief Society have been appointed especially to call on all sions arouse, and we trust the the agcfl and sick and infirm, for the pu q . Saint women will always appreciate their of giving them comfort and cheer. .Mrs. Eleanor Squires reforted membership 'in this splendid organization. There are reports from Payette, Cannon. Stake, where the organization is new. In "this stake preparation meetings for officer-havLiberty, Roy wards and many others. been instituted and are very siicee--fu- flat tmatttr. i- i ' T 'r u. neeai l ;tr-al- i:. i May, 1913 Salt Lake City, Utah, . MOTHER'S DAY IN MAY TIME. - so-man- It is a beautiful season to have chosen in which to keep a festive occasion, in remembrance of the mothers through whom the earth has been jeoplel the mothers, who knowing the suffering and the responsibility have accepted it all to perpetuate the human race mothers of prophets, seers, and revc-- . lators; mothers of doctors, lawyers, ministers ; mothers of kings and princes ; mothers of great men in all the walks of life. We only read of one man who had no earthly mother, and he was the .first man Adam-Hwas alone in the new world; and since it was not good for him to be alone, he was given an Eve to be his companion, and help- r ... ii. ii was Ai. meet.i rne oi me race inai uie iiioiner has peopled the world. There is no joy equal to that of the mother when the babe is born a new life, an immortal soul that will exist forever, a part of her own life! Would it were possible that all the women in the world could realize the 'importance of this grqat blessing and could comprehend the vastness and magnitude of motherhood there would be more rejoicing and less unhappiness. of Some the moM ' vivid of the supreme joy of motherhood are drawn iii connection with the birth of Isaac and of Samuel; and still more. intensified in the royal birth of Jesus.,, Those who read these wonderful passages in the Scriptures can scarcely realize all that these births meant to the mothers, who were really and truly n 'direct communication with divine messengers ; we marvel at these manifestations given to women of ancient times and while we can hardly understand it all, the simplicity of the narration appeals to us with the utmost sense of its sublimity. In, the case of Sarah, we wonder how-shcould laugh when the Lord spoke with her. To us who hav,e such reverence for even a prophet or an apostle, it seems in credible that one 'should make light of conversation wiith the, Lord. V The month of May', is typical of all the tenderest and most beautiful expressions. It is the month of delicate, flowers, d and birds, budding and blossoming fruits. It seems indeed fitting that Mothers day should be observed in May, for it is also the month in ; which the graves of our country's heroes, and of loved ones gone before, should be decorated with choicest flow-erby the hands of women who love the m-u- , Li!-:- word-pictur- es e .. " bright-colore- '"' s- l e l. Among other things "Home Economics" has been taken up, and actual demonstrations in cooking given.' GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFER- e . ts ENCE. By special The Conference of the General Relief ciety of the Church was held in the Assembly Mall. Salt Lake City, Utah. April 2nd and 3rd, 1913. commencing Wednesday. April 2nd, at 10 a. m.. President Emmeline B. Wells presiding. The morning session ojxmed with singing "We Thank Thee. O God. for a Prophet." Prayer by Miss Sarah M. McLelJand. Singing, "Softly Beams the Sacred Dawning." President Emmeline P. Wells extended a loving and' tender greeting to tho'sc assembled. She regretted the fact that the weather was so stormy, but felt that this would not mar the good effect of the conference, if we all have sunshine in our hearts. ' She regretted the fact that some have departed from us since our last meeting, but felt no sorrow for them ;. the only real sorrow we should have is for those who go into outer darkness. President Wells expressed the all the members of the Relief Sohope that ciety love, uphold, and sustain each other, and that all are united in this great work of So- love. The work of the Lord is progressing. ...... It Py-e- r Ser-vic- e. Mrs. Cannon stated that outside of her family and the Gospel nothing is so dear t her as the Relief Society work, with all that it has accomplished in its various fields. The great opening" for women in the world had its beginning with the Latter-da- y Saints in 'the organization of this powerful society, which was the opening wedge. The status of women today is very ditter-cn- t from what it was fifty years ago, great changes have taken place and much progress made. Woman has always had one opportunity the opportunity to work; this one thing has never been denied her. Man has never considered that she was out of her sphere when she, toiled in the fields and factories he has never criticized her for leaving her home for any' kind of drudgery; but when she began to enter the professional field and. when she began to compete with men in the great work of the world; she was reminded that she was going out of her own sphere and was neglecting her home. After the key was turned for voman by the Prophet Joseph Smith she began to look around and to think ; she felt that if she were not out of her sphere in the; working world, she would, not be. out of her sphere in puhhc life ; so she turned her eyes to education and to general development and little by .little; step by step, she has' gained a prominent place in the world's work. Last year much good Was done in Amer- : source of joy to know that7 another temple is to be built,. and this in Canada. The growth in this direction will go on and on, so tnat tne salvation tor the dead may be more readily accomplished. Mrs. Sarah P. Stohl of Box Elder StakcJ responded to the President's greeting. She expressed joy and satisfaction in being permitted oiice more to see and hear our be- -, loved president. Felt that all should appreciate the fact, that our president knew personally the;Prophet Joseph Smith, and knew of his great desires to aid 'and uplift '.the" women ot our people. She was nien i n PDod rVmrlif inn report Box Elder-StakWeekly meetings have been ' inaugurated ais uepanment work, the older sisters ' e Bro. George gave another solo. "0, My Father." The President expressed gratitude for this courtesy, and asked that the audience give a ris ing vote of thanks to Bro. Pyper. Mrs. Annie Wells Cannon, President of Pioneer Stake, and a member of the State Legislature recently adjourned, then delivered an address, "Women .in Social " is a request I : 1 I ' -- 