75 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. nJCent in conversing with him. At precept jney Manning was bent on making, love young and fascinating jow and she .was 'mistaken when she . hrr ut sister on inliftjherarrival that he" would appearance. lar disappointed it; he thought her more charming' than r: her younger (ays, if possible. Alice's courtship was progressing favur-,.:lv- . All seemed to' be smooth sailing in Xct so with the others. t'.'.eir' direct ioji. Miracles kept looming up. and Sidney for him. nought there was no chance ther's time was occupied with many calls ' :ul visits. A tender word now and then when he could meet her in Hie hallway advanalone, was about the extent of his business had to tages. He knew that some be attended to soon in Host on. and thought he would go and transact it while Esther was so much engaged. 4and visit her at her own 'home when she returned, when he 'arattracdently hoped he would be the chief tion. The Wetherells persuaded him to remain until after fev Year's, and hoping e he might secure an interview on that aus-hconsented to stav until that time. He was disappointed, however, the h.mse was full of callers and some friends had been invited to dine, and the day sfVd swiftlv bv, and he had decided to leave early the next morning. I le invited Richard to accompany him. thinking it would home a few days hurry Alice and her aunt sooner. Mrs- Dan forth had intended remaining much longer, but as her niece had made up her mind to get 'married in the coming cUn whWl to cta home and set about did not take Sidpreparations, though she ney's case into consideration as an incentive to her going. The visit had not onlv been a pleasant but Esther realized profitable one. and Aunt how great a blessing had come to her, heard and emthrough the Gospel she had leave braced. She was already planning to her native state and go to join the people of her choice in the chosen home of the and Saints. About a week after Mannings Richard's departure- Aunt Esther and Alice took the stage forborne. With considerable reluctance though, for they had met many give us all pleasant people, and partings lives are more pain than pleasure. Rut our trifles, coming and mostlv made up .we must meeting and parting, and Take the sweet along with the bitter, or we An over- would never know the contrast. dose oi sweei is for. it more times fatal though we all long seem to .get or less, and some people really more than their snare in iu u.. there Poor Aunt Esther plainly satf that her feel.np, was to be another struggle with another temptation, was near, and she was she could overcome it or not, own mind, bhe scarcely satisfied in her whom she had no advisor, no one upon cned out could lean, and her human heart been per-t- o had never sharply for the love she e.e enjoy in. its She could Now it was within her reach. hut would .t not be accept it if she would, and at he 'sacrifice of something h.gher ere earth y holier and more lastmg than at its best?.. Esther Danforth happiness ' from alwvc; .t was her prayed for guidance ' ' . . . onlv hope and stay: trouble in.convincing Aunt Esther had trusted helps, of Polly and Ben, her trite, Esther i,, the . l , - I -- I . ( atli ; i Ash-bur- n . - - of-thes- e g -- . M " , v - the new religion as she called it, and when, shortly after, some ciders, whq had visited U'lin liiwtnn f."rtlc ........ .. nini' nut ti' Trc Ini HI . , iHKM lived a little way out in tin suburbs, both of them were ready tor hapten. tlur ot her neighbor, too, believed: an.ioiig them the Klini'ivs, which u;i- - a source ot joy to Aunt lather and Alice, esprchdly because of , ' . 1 I Harry. And now Esther's sweetheart has gone, ue must draw our' story to a close. There is little more to tell. Poor Aunt Esther w ent about her daily duties as before, only she grew more and more tender ami lovable. Eor some years letters, came regularly from India, ami occasionally some valuable gift. Twiec she w rote- to him upon Gospel subjects. She did not dare trust her pen to speak' for her of other things. Ry and by flie letters ceased coming and then she knew Sidney Manning was dead. She remained constant in her devotion to her old sweetheart, and never married after, though she had many opportunities. She devoted .1icr time, her means, and her energies, all to doing good for others in the household of faith, and many there were who received blessings at her hands- . Sidney Manning and !ichard Ashburn were not long away from the Wren's Net after its mistress returned, and many pleasant evenings were spent then.', happily for all except Aunt Esther, who felt too keenly the ri-- k she w as running ; for she had known by intuition all along, that her old sweej-hearas he had been, christened by the , young folk's, was not favorable to her views upon religion, and to her nature it seemed a lie wanted her excluositive neecs-itonly he declared would sat sively, and-(haisfv him. Rut die wa different and her needs were greater: she. too. wanted his Day love and something higher and purer Alice's until went on. after dav the struggle marriage. Then the calmness was ruffled a little, when Mr. Manning insisted upon their marriage on the s'tme day with Alice, and Richard. ' Esther, made such an emphatic resistance, that it came near destroying their friendly relations foe the future. It would be quite impossible here to describe in 'detail the particulars of Alice's wedding, but suffice to say. she had everything she desired and was n perfect picture of loveliness herself. The Elmore girls were her bridesmaids, and young Mr. Wetherell. her cousin, was Richard's best man. Her rich uncle from Tndia. as she playfully called Mr. Manning, gave her an elegant India shawl and several! and pretty ornaments. After the" wedding. Mr. Manning still continued his visits to the Wren's Wst. and as v time went on, he grew impatient of the or the fulfillment of the dream of hU life, and used all the powers of persuasion he possessed to get Esther to name the summoned all happv dav. At last Esther her courage and assured him it could never le. It almost broke her heart, the inward strulc was so great, but shetiersaw with a nappiness woman's keen intuition that bv giving way to this would wrt be secured her religion, earthly love that clashed with and she knew herself to be equal to the Eor her "old .sweetheart," aseverv , felt one had come to call him now-- she was about to deeply:' he had staked all'and lose He had no faith to lean upon, and while she talked to him. this great, strong man sobbed like a child. When he Recovspeak, he said: ered himself sufficiently-t"Esther, mv darling, it vou suoum uinK, and vour mind, if vou should be unhappy to want me, or if misfortune should come or send vou. don't hesitate to come to'me would "for me. I will come if I am living, marrv you notwithstanding the doubts you cannot . t. - Emmki.im: v. B. Wi-.i.ks- . t de-la- oc-ensi- on. EARTH-MOTHE- R. Earth. Mother Earth, I lie down with my check to thee. Warm with the sunshine and rough with the rain! would I nestVe and speak to Thus, as a child, ' thee. . Eecling the pule of thee answer again. Dear Mother Earth, with such wealth at the heart id thee. r.ringing forth gifts at the Wordisof athe Lordof part Kinship is ours, for they child thee Thus let our heart heat in tranquil accord! . s blow Poppies hum red. and winded grass-seed. .. ot . airily; gainst-bluthe wave White the skv; me Gleans Brother I Tarvet Mouse, watching warilv thine, as am I! of Ml them children ofhast reared up a host Children of thine thou of them. . , Each turning home when his day s work is corn-crest- e s ' past! most Room waits for me. where thou Indent the of them . How should fear when it fonffs to the last. T arc outFlow should T shrink whcli thine arms spread for me. and the Done with life's quest m the sun WhcioTthy kindness, thou makQst a bed for m ' me. hosom thv again? to Eolding thv child rest there right Field mmtse'amd pofhall brotherly nevermore tl.fv are Farlli. thon art Kracio'is. and. Earth, T.mv1v orroat F.arth with Ihe tnist of a Earlhreeplo " 'y'; ehild' " QuFESIE ScOTT-IIorPF- R: o i entertain of our happiness, but I satisfied. take vou unless vou are wholly And now I must go away. I dare not linger and .he near you, T should be desperate, showered her with "caught her in his arms, hot tears, fell like burning kisses, and the and rain upon her face. A moment more; She forever. was gone-f- led from her look after him, lest she should same back, and have to go over the and her 'sweet"cene again. It was over, the sofa heart" had left her. She sank upon of burst .grief. way; to a passionate and dlf not dare gave NOTES AND NEWS. stake On the 3rd of November, another Christ of of the Chureh Utterly Saints was added to the cham. tract of tern-tor- v stake, comprisrnfr that large nver on the rcachintfrom .the Snake west and on the east, to Ontario. Oregon, limits twelve count e embracing 'within its stake president and Ileher O Hale is the officers able .counselors and other th Wm-- . The Me pSo,.e y stake is S.s president for the new stake is d.st.nct.ve n Rawson. The new la is the. only single stake wh.rh ha, "s in the state cap.tal. . it-Jcsu- S hearers s 