. " and jcarher in the Rdief. Society in the Torrey want ' rooKtt!, that in the. passing U- it Tht fefore, - "irniw. Magazine. Subscribe right now. Conclusion. How to Secure Genealogical Material. Membership in the Society. The Library. j' Through Corresjiondencc. Through Our European Agents. Through Our Library Workers.. Writing to Home Towns, Parishes, and Central Libraries. j" War Records. Deeds. Wills. Parish and Shire Records. t ( kntalogits in the World, Exorbitant Charges. Going Abroad. How to Prepare Genealogical Material. Old Letters, Old Pibles. Old Family Rec ords of Temple Work. Tradition. The Value and Danger of Family Traditions. Modes of Printing and Preparing Genealogies. The Methods Adopted by the Church Authorities.' The Chart Family Form. Note. This last lesson can be expanded to five. ten. or twenty lessons. If students reside in Salt Lake City. Library methods of securing Information would be clearly explained. For country districts, this would fe unnecessary. our-record- send one to the s, j . publication. Mary E. Forsyth. President; Maria A. Pierce, Counselor; Rena Hall. 2nd Counselor. j TRIBUTE. j j j kind-hearte- ; RKSOf.lTTIONS OF RESPECT. hi iiKMJiory of Emi V. Peterson, Second Counselor; in the Mapleton Relief Society, who departed this life Dec. 6. 1012. .Whereas, our" Heavenly Father in His wisdom has called from our mirUt our be it sister and Resolved, that we, the officers and mem- he-lov- ed co-lahor- er, bers, of the Mapleton Relief Society, Ho acknowledge the! hand of God in this separa- tion, and extend to the family and friends our heartfelt" sympathy, and condolence in this their, hour of sad "bereavement ; 'realizing that we. too, with them, have lost a faithful mother, sister and friend; yet knowing that God do?th all things well. Ivyf praying that His spirit may comfort and bless her husband and family, bringing jov and consolation to their aching hearts. May the precepts of her life ever be kept .sacred in our memory as a guiding star throughput 'our future "existence: . "Mother, sister, thou hast left its, And our loss we deeply feel ; But 'tis God that hath bereft us,. He catts all our sorrows heal. "' . . V Y ".' ', ; '' Eugenia Roundy President ; Frances Snow. 4 st Counselor; Elizabeth, B. Full" mer, Secretary. " OUTLINES.. ' For one public lecture and three days' work for use in teaching Gene- ; classes alogical PudHc Lecture (preferably ia Sunday ser1' vice ) for purposes of .explanation and5 conversion.- , ' - - History , of the Utah Genealogical , ciety. v. So- - i tion here and elsewhere. Gertrude Atherton and Beatrice Harr.i den txke on "The Progress of Women" for the League for Political Education ir. New York on Feb. 19. Beatrice Harraden talked on "The Woman Movement in England." and Gertrude Atherton told of her experiences in California during the presi- dential campaign. MA.P Notc.liook, soft' pencil, l?st ink, from the Salt Temple. FOR BOOK OF MORMON STUDY Circulars from the Genealogical Society of Utah. By Vincy R. Barker Sample sheets from family records of Prepared Especially for Relief Society Classes Approved by the General Board Temple work. Lesson book. Designed to give tht student a general view English guide book. and lasting impression of Book of Mormon American index. lands from the beginning- - of Nephitc and Raring-Gouldhistory at Jerusalem and Babylop, Asia Story of Family Names. to their close iri America. Rurke's Peerage. With the of the map of the Savage's Genealogical Dictionary of New World with arrangement the Western hemisphere at the England Families. we see at once all the countries right of Old cities involved in Book of Mormon anfl History Framingham. N. E. G. Hist, and Gen. Magazines. early Church history. Because of the uncertainty and difference of Utah Hist, and Gen. Magazines. existing, in regard to the location of Blackboard (flexible) with model family opinion Book of Mormon points only such locations are made as our leading Book of Mormon stupainted thereon. Blackboard (flexible) for use tn illus- dents seem to harmonize upon, leaving teach ke Jar-edit- e 's L ' and-tli-leadin- trating. , ""' , Note, MosCof this material is already, owned by members of the Woman's Corn-- ; mijttce. and would be available for this purpose." Where this is not the cae. we would BOOK REVIEW. ; sure-achieved- MATERIALS RKOriKF.D FOR TEACHING CLASSES IN GENEALOGY. ask the Society to supply our needs. "Yet again we hope to meet thee, When the day of life is fled. Then in heaven with joy to greet thee Where no farewell tear is shed." " ! v Maria Ridgood Barnes. e . j t To a dear departed friend, who died December V) VH2, w!'o wa nearly 82 years old. with whom I have been acquainted ever since Oct. 8. d MA Always found her a true friend and she was a goM woman, faithful and true; a teacher in the 11th ward Rclie'f Society for many years Sarah, G. McMaster. She was cho.en President in the month of April. 1.892, of the 11th ward Relief- - Society. She was always thinking of the poor what she could do for their benefit, and on account of ill health in the month of July. 1907, she resigned her labors. I have always loved her for her integrity. I was her treasurer and was so well acquainted with her; with her kind acts and her loving disposition, and I sincerely mourn her loss. ' ma-Thos- j -t 1 e j for tojhc Exponent l : I ! these rrsolutinm on bcrt.ned family and one 'v d . I He it further resolved, that we place a copy of is . . j " A Soci- - j d ' etv. miliar, with that historical country, ar therefore able, to speak of it intellip-anis able to relate facts and incidents can be relied upon. The look is beauti contains illustrated throughout.-aninal poems by the author upon subjects taining to the orient! Bible students will find the book helpful in the research of those womb countries, oi wnicn .we in inis iar ve land know so little. It makes a hand-tablvolume besides containing so much teresting and high class reading who are anxious to. visit those off lands should study its pages carefi:' Tlu'v will thus learn much of the cust and manners of that ancient race which be leneficial when traveling through ' much talked of Land of the Jews and Pyramids and Solomon's Temple. We recommend the took highly, Mrs. Alder on the and trust she will find appret . ' The Utah Genealogical and Historical ; Sis- - i v j cheerful and loving associate. no i, r IVduii was ever ready, at the call of duty, Jiave matter what her physical sutTering might Urn; hr carnVd rmt her own burdens hut lightcmd'tho'e of others. The needy and suffering ne (ruwl her a' ministering angel in the truest Her gentle presence filled Mine of the word. home with comfort 'and delight. l:rr " that we mourn the loss of onr lister and appreciate the worthy example set by her. extend to her We. her listers and husband and son our heartfelt sympathy and pray God to comfort them in their great teacher and , Necessity of Membership in Utah ' ; awav of cmr heloved btrr, we, 'the ofTicers and. mi'Tiiher of said i5Mciation. are bereft of a .wise ' Other Similar Societies. j The book, recently published, entitled "The JToly Land by Lvdia D. Alder, is the first ;;boolf its. kind in Utah. Mrs. Alder has made herself quite fa ers to' make minor locations, for their own u? according to their 'own interpretation of thf text. Listed upon the map are: 1st. Authority for all locations made. 2nd. Under the name of their respective countries all the cities not located with their reference in the text and date of first mention. 3rd. The Hills with referenced Large size 24x35 inch, cloth, mounted, $2(Y per dozen. $20.00. . Small size, lOxlSJnch, paper, 15 cents, p dozen; $1.25. Special terms to Stakes desiring to- plat e small ones in their outlines, and large ones 'U Ward Societies. 1 . - : 1144 VINCY R. BARKER -- : Oden,' Ut?H Washington Ave. " R K. THOflAS CO., ; - ffi Tkvt: The most becoming Styles in Ladies' Suits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts, and Waists at Popular Prices THE STORE WHERE YOI ! . CAN FEEL AT HOME . i 