WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A) iation was given to expound the Scriptures, proper order. The Church is nojiow organized in its proper order and cannot be until the temple is completed. He referred He then read Scriptures to show that an elect lady is one elected to to the commission given to the ancient . , preside. By request of' President Joseph Smith, apostles, "Go ye into all the world," no aran iu. matter who believes, these signs, such as Apostle John layior oraainca Cleveland and Elizabeth Ann Whitney to be healing the sick, casting out devils, should follow all that believe, whether male or fecounselors and assist President Emma Smith" in the duties of her office and share male in the blessings pertaining thereto. If the sisters have faith to heaNJic sick, confirmed on Emma Smith her let them do so, and let the good work roll former 01 dination, and blessed her to be a on. It is no sin for anylxxly to administer mother in' Israel, a pattern of virtue, and to the sick that, has faith, or if the sick to possess all the qualifications necessary have faith to be healed by the administrato enable Her to fireside with difmitv and tion. Reproved those that were disposed to give such instruction as may be requisite find fault; spoke at some length on the in her calling as an Elect Lady. difficulties lfc had had to surmount ever Elder Taylor vacated the chair and Emsince the organization of the Church, oiv acma Smith and her counselors took the stand. A lengthy discussion followed on the count of aspiring men; said the same asquestion, "What shall the Society be piring disposition will be in this Society called?" Mrs. Cleveland and Whitney adand must be guarded against. vocated the appropriateness of the name ReAs he had the opportunity he would inlief Society. John Taylor and Joseph struct the Society how to act according to the will of God. He did not know that he Smith spoke in favor of the word Benevolent. Emma Smith and E. R. Snow arshould have niaijy opportujuties of teachgued in favor of Airs. Cleveland's choice. ing them, they were going to be left to The gentlemen withdrew their objection and themselves, they "would not long have him a motion to adopt .the name Relief (Society to instruct them, the Church would not was unanimously carried. have his instruction long and the world President Joseph Smith then said, "I now would not be troubled with him a great Presideclare this Society organized with while, according to his prayer God had All who shall hereT dent and counselors. him elsewhere. after be admitted must be free from cenThe congregation was melted to tears: I Ie exhorted the sjsters Jo suitainjvyjLlL sure and admitted by vote." President Jo"their "Tonhdence, their" faith and their seph Smith laid down a five to commence a Relief Society fund, prayers, those whom God had appointed to and said, "What I do hereafter for charlead. Said the keys are about to be given I shall this do Sarah to you, that you may be able to detect any-- , society." ity through M. Cleveland gave 124 cents; Sarah M. If thing false, as readHy as the Elders. Kimball $1.00; Emma Smith, $1.00; Elizamembers of the Society become corrupt, you beth Affn Whitney, 50 cents ; Willard Richmust deal with them; the sympathies of the " heads o the Church have induced them to ards, $1.00; John Taylor, $2.00. At-t- he third meeting ofthe Society, bear with those that are corrupt, in conseMarch 31st, President Joseph Smith said quence of which all become contaminated ; the members of the Society must act in you must put down iniquity and by your concert, or nothing can be accomplished. good example provoke the Elders to good To move acording to the ancient order of works.' the Priesthood ithis must be a select SoIf you do right there is no danger of gociety, separate from the evils of the world. ing too fast, resist' evil and there is no danSixth meeting, April 28th, said he was ger, neither God, man, angels or devils can present to speak upon the Priesthood; as condemn thoe that resist dverythrng that is his instructions were intended, only for evil. As well the devil seek to demembers of the Society, he wished those throne Jehovahmight as that soul that resists not members to withdraw. After which evil. You are now placed ha a he called attention to the 12th chapter of everything situation where you can act according to Corinthians, "Now concerning spiritual those sympathies which God has planted in gifts" etc., said the passage which reads, your bosoms. If you live in accord with "No man canv say that Jesus is the Lord your privileges, angels cannot be restrained but by the HolyxGhost," should be transfrom being your associates. Women, if lated, "No man knows," etc. Continued the can come into they are pure and innocent, ' reading of the chapterand gave instructhe of God. If we "would come tions respecting the different offices and the into presence the presence of God we must be pure. necessity of every individuahacting in the The devil has great power, his ways are deplace allotted to him or her, and filling the ceptive; Do not be contentious, but Jetjthe mceJ:olwdiidiJheyjvere-appointe- d weight of innocence be felt, which is more of some to ton Spoke of .mighty that a millstone hung about the sider the lower offices in the Church dis Nneck. Meekness, love, purity; these are the honorable and to look with jealous eyes on tnmgs that should magnify .us. the; position of others; said it was the non Iniquity must be purged out, then the sense of the human heart, to aspire to posivail will bVrent, and the it was bettions riot appointed of God,-thablessings of heaven will flow down. ... ter for individuals to magnify their respecAfter this instruction you will be more tive callirigsarid wiait patiently till God shall say to them, Come up higher." $aid responsible, 'it is anxhpnor to save yourit was talked by members of the - Society selves, all are responsiblexfor themselves. " that some were not doing right in laying He then read the 13th chanter nf PnrJn- hands on the sick. If they had. common thians.zhougfclpea sympathy, they would re j oice that the sick frtmt-t- to not ue iimm "it,v vii., The beenhad time not VOtl r with recrn rrl Views . ... .. r lu TUU1 llLiy III II Detore when these things could be, in their virtues, do not - - think. xinjxn, ,:u. - to. teach, etc. , ' He-the- n . . ap-loint- ed ' dollar-gold-pie- ce . the-dispositi- on . t " -- ' -xo- uM-ije-rreaiedr - "--- -. If - jvauKc llgiu- souls towards others, if you would do lik. Jesus and carry your fellow; creatures Abraham's bdsom. He had maniieM,, and we must do the yu:r, SaiuY'Thotrgh we have the spirit of pro.;, ecy,"'etc. Though one should hecon mighty and do. great, things, overture mountains, and then turn- to do that h;J; is evil, all former deeds would not sav them,-bthe)" would go to destruction. you increase in innocence, virtue and go-ness, let your hearts expand, let them iv enlarged towards others ; you must be lniu suffering and bear with the faults and c rors of mankind. How precious the .u of men! ' The Society is to get instructi--through the order which God has estah lished, through the medium of those to lead, and I now turn the key you in the' name of God,- and this Society shall rejoice and knowledge and intelligence shall flow down from this time; th is the beginning of better' days for you. rd, When you go home never give a but let kindness, cliarity and low crown your works. Do not envy sinner-- , exercise mercy towards them. Let your administrations be confine! mostly to those around yon. As far is concerned it may extend tu Hut your administrating all the world. should be confined to the circle of your acquaintance, and more especially the mem-bThose ordained t' rJlLihcJSoriety. lead the Society are authorized to appoint officers as the circumstances shall require. If any have a matter to reveal, let it he in your own tongue, do not indulge much in the gift of tongues, or the devil will take advantage. You may speak in tongues for your comfort. But I lay this down as a rule, that it anything is taught by the gift of tongues, it is not. to be received for doctrine. President Smith then gave instruction respecting women administering to the sick by the laying on of hands, said it was according to revelation, he never was placed in similar" circumstances, '.and never the same instruction. At the ninth meeting May 26th,. the Prophet read the 14th chapter of Ezekiel and said the Lord declared by that prophet that the people should each one stand for themselves and depend on no man or men; in the state of corruption in the Jewish church that righteous persons could only deliver their own souls. Applied it to the present condition of the Church of Latter-da- y Staints. If the people depart from the Lord they must fall,- they were depending on the Prophet, hence there was darkness in their minds. He had two things to recommend to the Society. Be guarded in your speech no organized society can exist without giving-heeto this caution. All, organized bodies have their peculiar evils, weaknesses and. difficulties, the object isvto make those not so good equal with the good, and ever hold the keys of power which will influence to virtue and gdQdnessV-..".' When? yoir" chasten and reprove, never mention it again, then you will be established in power, virtue and holiness and the wrath of God. will be turned away. God designs to save the peoph Kpt nf theirsins. Jesus said, "Ye shall do the works which ye have seen me do ;" these are" the grand for the Society to act upon. long-sufferi- ng . - ut . ! , , d ap-pointe- ; . - cru-wo- ' . e 4 had-give- - ... 5 d . , ' 1 4 icey-wor- ds 