WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Brother David Butler made a few marks' on moral purity. re- . Recitation by Shier Ilortcnsc Butler. Sister Eliza A. Hawkins, just returned from California, gave a short talfcT""' Sister Eliza J. Dixon explained the uc of the new text Iook, called "Trimer of Sanitation;" made closing remark? thanking the people of Spring Lake Ward for royal entertainment. E. A. Hawkins, Cor. Secretary. Payson, I 'tali. "WELL DONE. GOOD AND FAITHFUL SERVANT." A beautiful morning In the latter part of May found us eagerly scanning the chores of Ol.I ICnlail, ami waiting the landing nf our steamer the "Curlew" at the quay in Liver pool the channel from Ireland, on journey from visiting and held in the north of conferences the attending Lnland and Scotland, and lastly the' conference ju In Id in Belfast, Ireland. After visiting the branch of the Church in Dublin, we fi.nnd ourselves wandering through the won- - jut crossed our return W'c had - the wild Irish scenes on the coast of Antrim, and thendreaming the time away among the beautiful Lakes of Killarney. I had been laboring in the mission field nearly two years, when, in the latter part of April, President. Lyman had released' me 'from field work, and invited me and my missionary companion, Sister Larnsworth, and my little daughter May, to visit with him some of the conferences where there were no missionary sisters. We enjoyed every minute of the time. I had borne my testimony to the truthfulness of the Gospel in homes,, halls and in the street in the lands and conferences we had visited. Before leaving London I had promised the elders I would return and share the summer's work on the streets of that great metropolis with" them. "But you will be released very soon," they said, "then you will not come back to London." These thoughts were; in my mind as we landed that morning in Liverpool. Taking a cab wc soon arrived at "42," so famed in the missionary history of Liverpool. As we stepped into the office, we were greeted bv President Lyman who, looking over his glasses said to me, extending his hand to each of lis, "Where were you on Sunday, Sister Alder?" By the way wc had promised to attend the In conference held in Liverpool on that day; J)ublin," I answered. "Did you hold meetings lirin Dublin inniiiri'd . P.fMncr answorpfl in the Affirmative, he continued, "That is well;" then added, "I was just going to mail your release to London, but now you have come, I will give it Jo yoiu" ' I now noticed that he had a number of long envelopes in his hand, one of which lfe handed to ine saying, "Well, done, good and faithful servant." As one in a dream, I took it mechanically in my hand; at the same moment my strength forsook me, and I dropped into the nearest chair gasping, "Then my work in this land is done!" "No," he said, "1 know .you desire to labor longer in London, so I have-mad- e your release read, "'to return home at after the sixth oL - your-pleasur- June.'--" : . , . a Sometimes. I had thought it would-b- e I welcome should hear the happy day when plaudit, "'Well done, good and faithful servant." But oh, the pain that was mixed with the pleasure! Before me there instantly arose-all- . the fields whercin: L had labored, and the faces of many of the Saints rose to my view. Then was my own judge. Had I done all that I could for them; had I been patient, endearing, loving; had strengthened the tender wheat, while their weak feet were being made fast , in the Gospel? Even as it is .said that in an instant of time the past life of a drowning man stands tip before him, so my missionary "before me. I could think of nothing" I had left undone, but oh, T wished I had done more. I had" not squandered the precious time, . -- - life-aros- had had- - strength to do more f The, wnrds nf TTnlv Writ dmc tn mp nnw framrlit ! "Well with a new meani-ng- . done, good and that 1 taitliiui servant. i" nal rnetr"under slooa them before.- - Would that anticipated time bring the expected joy and happiness? I felt that it would not. for it would mean to us, that our record would be closed, tins life be over, alL earthly opportunities for doing good be past. My heart beats were strange and painful. ; I so thankful that I could yet 4abor for Christ; yet strive to win some soul to Him. II rejoiced in the few scoffs and little scorn t ad borne for Him. it all seemed so insignih-c.-'nnow. and could I not have endured a little for Him I would not be worthy of Him. "You have filled a long. hard, mission," Pro. Lyman was saying; "go. home and labor among your sbters and the Saints "! felt that the authority with which I had been invested had fallen from my shoulders like a mantle, and my desire to remain was swallowed up in my new a I mission. Oh brothers, sisters, labor earnestly at "home and abroad. Some of His sheep arc straying; will you strive to bring them back? Some are weaker than. you, will you strive to bear them up? Christ came to bring, not the righteous, but sinners unto repentance, and know that none are perfect, no, not one. Then some day, when mayhap it may be said unto you; "Well done, good and faithful servant;" you may, holding some of His, wandering sheep by the hand, enter into His'' kingdom and enjoy the rest He lias prepared for those who have over- come. Lyma D. Alder. THE N. E. IN MEMORIAM. A - fr i Eda Dyches,- Sec. - ' NX IE W. LARSON'. Sister Larson, first president of the Emery Stake "Relief Society, died at the home of Bishop Sam Larson. Castle Dale Utah. Mav 22. 1913, "after sufterin g many months. Sister Larson was born October 1. 1832, and came to Utah Sept. 27. 1862. Soon after her arrival in' Utah she was married to Christian G. Larson. a former president of the Emer,v stake. . "and-wa- we love. A. The great event of the "City of the Saints" this summer is the National Educational Convention. The people of I 'tali are most happy in their entertainment of strangers, and the opportunity of opening our Kates to the educators of the nation, was highly appreciated. Every possible detail of entertainment was so carefully studied out by the various committees that when the opening day of the convention arrived, the city was marvelously beautiful with flags and banners, and electrical displays. All the women's organisations of the city kept open house for the visitors, and hospitality and friendliness was evident on every side. That the visitors from afar should enjoy their sojourn in Salt Lake City was the desire of all the people, and the people, in return, would undoubtedly gain much from the lectures atid discussions of these great thinkers. A feast of knowledge is a goodly thing, and those who are wise take advantage of so rare an opportunity to attend and imbibe the learning offered at the various meetings where these noted educators discuss and declaim on the great problems that confront the world todav. ' : She acted as counselor to Sister Mary Ann Hyde in the first Relief Society of chosen president of Sanpete stake the Emery Stake Relief Society, July, 18X2. which office she held for nineteen years. She has led a beautiful life, which of imitation. She has been kind, patient and loving to the many children in the Larxui family, who respected and loved. her as a m dlicr. As a leader among her itcrs in the great Relief Society work, sjie will always be remembered. It was Sister Larson, when president of Emery stake, who gave the first donation to man's building, the muurv a the fundthus givm having been raised by the sah of "Sunday eggs." She observed the commandments of God. ami was true to the gospel of Christ. We resolve in our hearts to endeavor to be as faultless as she has been, that we may go where dk has gone. That wc may be joined with her in friendship, companionship and in the ties of sisterly love. That we may find the emerald gates of Paradise open for us as they are now open for her whom ; i:mma smith i kat i i kkston American Fork, April 15, 1913. Whereas, in the providence of our Heavenly Lather, he has st0n fit to take from our midst, i.ne ot His chosen daughters, Sister Emma Smith Feather.stone, who departed this life April 12. '1913. at American Fork, Utah county; Therefore. Ie it resolved. That we the sisters nf the First Ward Relief Society, desire to express our hve and. appreciation for her untiring labors, ns a faithful and efficient secretary for about forty years;. ten years of that time hrin.y devoted as a stake secretary. Her life has been a living .example to all who knew her. Her worth is untold. Few have enjoyed the many gifts she possessed, for she was highly favored by the Lord, and her sweet influence felt by all. Great will be the greeting, as sit- j., recognized by those to whom she performed the last sad rkes. Volumes could be written telling of the loving sacrifice. of her inspiration, and the many blosiners she bestowed upon the sorrowing ones. She never hesitated, nor faltered, in time of need. It can be truly said of her We shall "To know her Was to love her." miss her. but our loss is her gain. Therefore, be it resolved. That we extend unto her husband and family our heartfelt sympathy, praying that the consolation of Him "that (loeth all things well" will overshadow them with His comforting influence. We therefore desire, that, a copy of these resolutions be presented to the family, and aLo placed upon the records of the association and the '"Woman's Exponent." - . Charlotte Greenwood, Rosa H. Grant, Elizabeth McCarty, , Elizabeth J. Durr a nt. The IV S. Senate .Committee on Woman "an Suffrage has 'reported .in favor amendment to the National Constitution forbidding disfranchismcnt on account of. . tf . sex. " R K. THOnAS go;, M.g-- k. he most becoming Styles in Ladiesr Suits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts, and Waists at Popular Prices. THE STORE WHERE YOU . r CAN FEEL AT HOME 