J -- . '.Jr.- - .. . . Exponent OMAN'S The Onan SALT LAKI- 41. I CONTENTS. :caloical Outlines Mcmoriam K '.' Society Reports ,ranite Stake neida Stake W ho Stake . . . . . :4 ll! .11 ;i Man - mi iMiitiu nt .11 1 ike airy ui'Ms s,,,,,, . . . and . . . mm, iv n . . ( u 1 n u ,j world-- , tat r mt. l. place was found near the tiwn Independence, Missouri. Hen- father's family and the Partridge friends family, who had become in traveling fnnu Kirtland, Ohio, to Jackson. Misouri, moved, father giving up' his home, father, mother, sisters and .brothers nr the Gospeh's sake. One sifter. Diantha liillings, was the only one of his father's family who joined the AfLrmon" Church. Father never after had a homo of any pretensions, just a place r his family. id shelter He was a willing worker and spent his time in Chinch affairs, instead of work for his own. All the years of my youth were years of mobbing, and hardships of every conceivable kind for my parents. My dear mother was left with all the cares of a large family while father into prison: so unhuinanly was he treated that when he came back to us we stared some time before we could recognize and call this gaunt man father. And so it was from year to year, persecution which increased our faith in our life-lon- g "1 mi;i renewing name and ever shining w av I. II M 36 6 37 38 38 g iry d, Dolore- - rmnhling Farewell A - M, . No. 5. f shapes of fame tb-rtin- SainK top the t MULmht ,(r,d I 1 NorY;. )VI NTICR NIMHICR, V)s 36 Theoretical Dangers and Real Dangers.. tfoine Socials , , n-pi- v.rnilH ;,t, p;:i . 1 39 39 : feign Letter i -- 1 iWY 3X . . litorial he New Year 1913 nmial Greeting Women Past and Present !' i.id- - M HW'n - 1' . 1.1 lo le j 33 34 34 35 40 40 39 Review ..k CITY, CTAIL - lair-- uli of Cordelia Morley Cos (IcncaloKy of Mary Lyman vs Letter .' r Relief Society Teacher Saints' Lattn-t- ai ntjhr 1." 'V, M. II. 33 Watts 35 was-throw- CRUMBLING. I reared that lofty frieze and architrave western desert fanes? And who the sum ' untold years have named nfhall and nave. I: rumbling ruin? Time is silent, duirb. Who planned and placed almighty Jovi- or Thor it thousand pillar'd temple of the Last? d ere its waning what bold idolatpr I'M worshij) there, or who did hold his feast? Win-rsea. by Stalla's Sister Cities doomed for ages dire l."t Herculaneum and Pompeii? by wild Vesuvius' stormy ire! Where. now Minerva's Parthenon, " Vthena's wonder" that enthralled the world? alien to dust, its glowinr beauty gone e5 Grecian's glory into ruin hurled!" Where grand, unrivaled Thebes and Tentyra. And their divinities all o'er the plain? ' 'rushed "neath the wheels of Time's engulf- mg car Vil crumbling with their gods to, earth again. What famed Palmyra? Tis the wild beasts's lair! 'luptuous Nineveh, so vast and brave? '! e Ephesian City and strange "Temple" there? '!.'. e hooting owl sits brooding o'er their grave! V hat Babylon? that faia would heaven amaze? V tli Babel's tower, Jier walls and brazen bars? 'I ways, ie lion's whelos crv through V Chaldee worshiped the htc enraptured stars! . iiat now thy once oroud cities, Palestine? ploughshare brightens 'o'er their crumbling walls. e olive waves above the Christian's shrine, temples, palaces and halls! imbling to dust is Petra's . r Yr ; 1 l - Creator. In Jackson Co.. Mo., January, 1832. m father cut the ice from a stream and baptized myself and two boys. I attended 'school w henever and w herever I had the i opportunity, amidst all our mobbing ami driving, until at the age of sixteen father built a small schoolhotise where I taught in the summer and went to school in the winter to a larger school. This was-a- t the 'place known as the Morley Settlement, where my father was president and F. ALjjTox and Edwin Whiting his fie re we lived five years of counselors, blessed peace and prosperity. In mv father's home at this time were four grown sisters. Our house was small., but there was nxMii for love, friends and merriment. A e'oope.r by trade, father's shop was adjoining the house. Our beaus being plentiful, they made themselves both useful and agreeable in the .cooper shop ; they would come.and out the barrels and rubbish they'd send, start the fiddle and the fun began: We danced: how' we danced. For a change, we played chase thequirrcl and thread the needle, sailing the boat, whirl Forfeits were taken up which the-- plate. led to man v other games. - ' We had dancing and spelling 'schools, husking bees, house raisings. At this time we made fun out of everything;- and with us, it was the one gleam of sunshine for many A v1A" I i azure-mantle- K-- d i ; - - 1 tnov-ing- T'-,- far-fam- ed ! I i her-lone- SKETCH OF CORDELIA MORLEY COX. parents were born in Montague Franklin. Mass. my father. Isaac Morley March 11. 1786, and niv mother. Lucy Gunn Morley. January 24, 1786. Here thev grew to manhood and womanhood and were married in the year 1812. During this year thev left- their homes of wealth and comfort for the wilderness of Ohio, where they tiitilt their cabin homes. It being.a quarter of a mile from any white neighbor, cleared the lands near which later became the city of" Kirtland. For twenty years father lived here surrounded by 'his father's family, who had My : - b' rock-wroug- ht t' followed him. T was the fifth child of a family .of nine, all of whom were born in Kirtland. Though a century has passed and.guie I, AfnrW neonle and the Morley Grove Home- of maples arc still at the Old tomb!.. Baulbec's temple 'sacred to the sun!" nt is "Mennon" wasting to its doom; th once again Rome's monuments have 1 ' -- won. mibling the Aztecs' glory and their farm. sculptures rare, Palenque and Copan; e dream of ages now but dust to scan. at London, thou renowned of all the wor ci ' the- invulnerable" when unfurled inst old. Nemesis' Time, and canst thou save? j through each ghostly ' shades-fl- it ' ( V silent-street- 11 f-;- .', sugar , T bier. : 1 ; ',; ' ' " :i nations. cit;cs, hath his monuments; states, ir centuries: to all the same as naught, h - ; ; J ' - - "l - lived during the winter.; A warm -- A . stead. In the. vear 1830, the Prophet Joseph mith and his wife came to our home at Kirtland. Our family were soon converted to "Mon'nonlsntr and here the Prophet friend-shi- n - ; icre'he has reaped his human harvest btrer now within thy famed, crowned abbc.v v.?sf. weird spectres sound each mouldering . 7 the Prophet grew between father and which lasted through life. 1 5?? Tosenh StmtiT called t.. t, ' , years to come. so many years have passed since Though this change of scene, it is with a pang at the heart ahd quivering lips I recall them. The the emotions of pen and hand fail to paint well the heart. Mav T not pass them by, as ' - "" : as the maftvr'dom-"Mor-le- v A vear later, September, 184.V the Settlement was burned. The labor and -- : vears was ruthlessly destroyed ,'r,rr and stacks burned, cattle taken pos-liomes fathers and old Edward Partridges iamily. session of and driven away.- .Helpless a locanon. tind to Missouri .family to, go to. 'toif-o- f - 