WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ; EVENING. !.it t 0 l'.! o .cA . i ibis poem recently won a gold nnd.d au.nd 1. the Lomlun Poets Club. . j fit i i i ioaiiimg by the sleeping the iiive i rit i i , c'.'-s- ,j moan of kine lias bees. . ;.c i i', drowsily the ringdove ever, ; cea-e- of the d, .innn a 1 . crest, 'I he shepherd pcn hi- - yary ufolding laggard little one that s!ra. bidding them browse awhile ere darkne-- - tup il thing- - that moe, in deej. embrowned aa, ib-c- - -- sleep. shine. liiidi uphuid- - as at earh nioniiii S.cred the light that gild- - the da"- - decline. - when the dawn with holy eye- - appeared opening blossom- - sparkle with her tears, "!' gros-- . foreboding day, winch cluuU i;,e i east, world to work, and :.ght, and .liing the lea-t- , h i: r cunning day, the tierce, humair trite w ith Nature's dreadful powers, lie groaning of a being chained to earth. 'though ablaze with vision from hi- - birth. !'. !?, come, the evening call- - us let u- - go. We must not sorrow because earth, hath woe. passion lingers in this serene air, jassion void of triumph or despair. mpty of storm, anil hushed to calm delight. W e turn our eyes to greet the coming night. boundless hill-- , he stars arc streaming mile at men'- - inconstant he stars which M e in-iste- nt -- ; i e up-th- -- i wills, nd in an iie moon 'I' I , M I j I I i ... , ile w i -- a a! ,I i ' Sir m -- . ' 1 It! i . u -- i 1 t ( -- 1 . Ik hi :r Hell a;Kei it - 'ii-- and. , ' . 1 I a- . f n; .it.mi lit a 'et of i I I I ; 1U THE UTAH CHAUTAUQUA. "it r.bhei i ll' 'hi'- - 'M-- m p.ps. i iiac l U-- opal radiance, crescent-wise- , peers coldly from the limpid skies. AN INTERESTING LETTER. lu - . -- I -- t life-size- d I I wa-litn- be-id.- es n-- 1 e. coti-ideral- ne 1 va-hi-h- er. i- Ag-ricuhur- 1 . I i- -- i- 1 e others. Ample provision is' made for the children. Thev have lots of fun all day long with their classes organized plays, athletics, swimming ' and clubs. . -- e. di-h- An interesting letter ooded district: front the recent Peru, Ind.. Mav 15. 1013. al er lth i- f -- . ;:k-par- t grouud--o- 1 a e i r an upper tor river than initu-- but tit.it lartiipr ti'o:n of the citv i low i f. went back to n ;s::d b' ..::! a hitook of canned oe. !anit- - and sonV alcohol. In had to rind the -- toi tlte MTc - hu- niv own coiVec eiht lb- -, and carry all my lioinc. Ifniht the largest jitircii.t-c- h could and caught it full f rain water, tilling rven tiling in the hou-e- . d'lk- city water hy tin- - time wa- - until about t nitc worried for wa- - t'l! b'ort Wayne ardir-- t until and v!uu - felt better. W'e were world and did not cut off from the out-id- e know that he, l"-- wa- - in a tb', ..led country. Tuc-d- a night he heard about IVru and tried to get word from me. but could not., nor could he get back here. Still he telt wa- - ate a- - our apartment - "H the second tloe.r and - built of brick. Then we are onlv one block west of fhe court hou-e- , and that - .the highc-- t point. W'e were, loimd mightv gt'td and thankful when we each other safv and well. I'rida night. He had to walk from Chili, about ten miles took in eight refugee- - and north of here. being vacant, we the apartment oppo-it- e The men thing-- . fitted that up with carried furniture from down stajrs. and in to cook for all we had about twenty-thretime we oil a little alcoh.il stove. Py this had bought more canned good.--, and we ate cold things, saving the alcohol to mo-tl- v make' hot coffee. Everyone had their own as washing them wa impo-sibl. and water was too valuable. The ga-- water heat' were now" all off and we all had to to keep the dnll hang around the oil stove olt.Some of us crowaled around that while .i,',.r7 J.-nbnr could not have slept for the' roar of the water was maddening. M) and tne tniti telephone still was working to us to op'erator and the other girls' talked had nothing keep up their courage. Theyof coftee and to cat v I made a bucket this together boiled some eggs and took them 1 he with some canned goods, over to ay hut with my exchange is a square-aw- nil ridit. later 1 sent cdncsday.it it over in a boat each .time. snowed, and this added to the uttermg. -- I the Ctah Chautauqua As-- ' m mblv at )gden from July 17th to the 27th. hiring the ten day- - over eighty different Kchitc-- , 'entertainments, or concerts. will be t heard. pecial intere-- t to women will be the work of .Mr- -. Ida If t'ole and Professor McKcavi r. .Mr-- , t'ole in the official representative of tiie Chautauqua and is a delightful pcakcr. She will give two lectures on art. which will be illustrated by reproductions of some of the masterpieces of i lie art of all time- - and all countries. One lecture on home furnishings will be illustrated by large models of hott-e- s which are fumi-he- d f the lien-- i by the art committee ral federation of Women's Clubs. Profess,. r McKcavor of the Kansas College, who is well known in Ctah. will conduct a parents' class convention during the session which will be very valuable. Pioneer Pay w ill be celebrated under the direction of Apostle D. C). McKay and in the Night's veiling the "Mid-SummDream" will be presented hy Miss Maud Mav Pabcock and the Dramatic Club of the l". of C. Among thcvother lecturers might be mentioned Dr. (diarle- - Zuehlin of Poston, Dr. Ira Landrith of Nashville Col. Pain of Kentucky, and Pishop McConnell of Denver. Good music will be furnished by the llrahms, a mixed quartet, tne imenai ;uaie Orches-tra-an- d ( duartet, the Salt Pake Symphony - the bu-ie- -t on the on a ei liih foundation nd ti.T tainii'. wefto ne of the and mo-- t helpful places tali during the middle of July will be ( C k of ;t, f,.j io. t - finds yon Ki.r.xMik" Si ahs.' ail .il tic - thi- 1 -- iy i . .. better 1 - , , ti U 1 b- . , n injare- ef to p,i !'.!!!;; p. wuiiii! a half b'. k a- n in waler tip P :n 'I . ut i : til"'.!llt ! , ' " !d !:! . , IM..I1 I ! thank our I.'rd for. Hoping vc!l and happy, am always Your losing grandchild, et ' I'll- : 1 1 it K" on, and dngith that a child at evening might ouip.ie, nK, ..w the sun's flight - finished in the west, , re tar the great clouds eil hi- - lightl- - i " . re-- t. ' ' : )i ' :nn, drone ui the ' ' - a- . little a it..ii ' if- -- i ' level and tn.nn-- , I pa-"'i- i p!'1 'v d'.iy, rt a n um j the hour when woods t ;u .li.iim d ,.S wind, with living niur bio. :.m tree to tree taint pipes of evening c.ul, bat .sweeps circling by the tied wall, :..rk drop lluttering t bis bvIy (H I J ..' :. - tlu.-- valley, and the sl.u, rehicum purple .sandals, gliding, uaU aua c ; sn. all poesy, sublimity ot eventide, when mellow diadov.- I n mi.i ...... 'ti.i u ati 111 59 es - AUNT LENORA MTORLEY. sisrr.R or kliza r. snow. Dear Grandma : Now that conditions are getting hack to A SKETCH. hear 1 to o.mial know you will he interested opened the Exponent and the picture om me regarding the recent flmxL As of Cordelia Morley Cox stmck. me very Lcnora. erhaps veil know, we had a rainy Easter forciUy.as it rosemhled our Aunt school It took me .hack in thought to my unday and not until seven o'clock Monday Aunt Inora's orning did it stop, then the sun came out days when we attended be :id it looked. as. though the school If we we're not studying diligently on , market-:g;1 we. would receive a very gentle thump past. I went to town to do my exthe head with her thimble. The first and hearing; that the Wabash river was ercise in the morning was a chapter from Invith a 'friend went down to see it. the Bible. In the afternoon we were taught bout noon we returned to her home and fancv 'work and sewing, of different kinds, ad luncheon, planning to go about a info in crowded bedMo-the of Rd'ugccs.were t Lenora made a great number f unt no had p stream in the afternoon to the mouth gf and they house and library; thev were made out of unVie Wississinewa river, as we could hear spreads, to started go water Thursday the ' cloth which she would put oil the bleached roar of the water, and wanted to see the heat and our men in party bleached as three of the -now to bleach. Whenlhe cloth was 1 nick Auto ght. However, it started raining again down, Brown were connected with the. would embroider the spreads and they she .we decided to wait, but at five o'clock nd water, where .the ' on tie north side as white as need be. I have one. were just had not stopped' so we gave it up and I factorv, went ancl a boat now which 1 greatly prize. Aunt them of i turned home. All night the rain came was deep, tbeyot facton the work--Sh- e were in While they always industrious, friend investigate. very to wcAd Ixnora phone my and "when l ined o'ie took their boat; They sent ome lived around with the different the me told ''central" Tuesdav- morning took we and of "central" She was a mother to all. I ktiow .families. v ires in that neighborhood were down and The sigdits how Aunt iit,andIvveiit along I felt her loss and wondered 1 Still f .ere wasa foot of water around her.hojrje. trip I will never forget. where Eliza could control herTeelings m order to hurried to town and when I reached the.. 5nce worse in South Pen,, her funeral, we were all crying. ar speak Court House corner one block away I Could have ' all. - . everything was wrecked. She was honored an loved liy to much see the river was over its banks and already "Everything considered; one bloct of the business district was in !y f ram-aiui- st . 1 the-cour- 1 t -- . . H- - -- ; -- .w-a- - s an-otl- X 1 1 we-ha- ve 