WOMAN'S The Onan of the V... 41. 57 Interesting Letter 59 59 59 e mt-Lenor- a . ! 'I Saints' Woman's llrliet Sonet tj. Hearts still will throb and when love's touch the lingers strings; Sweet mu.-i- c blend with furrow, where a lingering cadence rings; Our mountains, rivers, valleys cast a halo on Utah Chautauqua Morley . . .. A1ng a Stand for the Rik'ht . I!a S.Teay 61 Relief Society (2 .SI. etch of the J;ast Hountitu 62 Nauvoo A Visit 'to Well Done, Good and Faithful Servant" I ! m-mblr- ..ia Cruse Howe 1 , a SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, UWH, 1913 CONTENTS. I Latter-d- Exponent Relief Society Reports: .That will touch the hills eternal, when life's cran billows to roll. S. E. R., M April 64 Mesa City, Arizona. 28, 1913, 63 63 63 Yellowstone Stake Los Angeles Branch Xeho Stake Kdttorial: 60 General Relief Society Conference In Memoriam: Mary Jane White Hinman.' Ellen Thueson Annie W." Larson Emma Smith Feathcrstone I'oetry: An Exile's Prayer Evening , -- 58 58 64 64 ". ( If v i'V- M AN EXILE'S PRAYER. (Inscribed to F. L. J.) Father in heaven, hear the exile's prayer, A prayer of thousands scattered where, oh where. Our feet are weary, in strange paths we roam, Our hearts are aching for the dear old home. I We long to see the morning sun arise ii skies; Painting in rainbow tints the deep blue The bright rays glancing through the green pine trees, Their sylvan music floating on the breeze, lust aTweVewatched and lingered many a year To see a new day dawning, bright and clear, JULIA CRUSE HOWE. Dispelling gloom, and every shade of night, As in the morning of creation's light. "Sweet thoughts arc mirrored in her face and plain mount And every motion is a grace." We long for each loved valley, To hear the children's vouxs there again; The hazy moonlight, and dear evening star, Sincerely indeed, will these words find reso far, so far, They do not seem the same, sponse in the hearts of those readers whose From the home shrines our willing hands have privilege it has been to come within, the reared charmed circle whom Sister Howe calls feared; no that danger all Hearts undaunted, To the writer, she has always friends. And Thou hast blest us, and we trust Thee seemed the embodiment of gentle dignity in still, will. which refinement and culture and natural Schooling our feelings to Thy righteous grace were combined. We long to climb the hills and gather flowers sunny bowers;.. Blooming in nature's own sweet Having just completed her. ninetieth year, and plain, grassy We longfor mountain 'peak, die is one of the few who are left to us We long to hear our own wild birds again. Yrom,, amoag' that group of close friends and sow reap, OncV more to till the soil, to which included Eliza R. Snow, Zina D. IT. and weep, now sorrow that To cheer the hearts Young, Bathsheba W. Smith, Elmina To' gather home again our scattered band, Presindia L. Kimball, M. Isabella And help reclaim our desecrated land. Home, Sarah M. Kimball, Hannah T. King, We fain would" clafcp each hand and hear the Elizabeth J. Stevenson,-- Maria W. Wilcox, song Elizabeth Howard, ' and our dear "Aunt Of jubilee ring out deep,, clear and strong, church's shadowy wing m" Wells, most of whose names, are found To gather 'neath Zion sing. inscribed 'with 'loving tributes in' the autoTo heaf our choir the songs of we. every care graph album of Sister. Ho rest our loved ones free from To one born in Utah, after .the pioneer Benkth the waving grass,: and flowers-fairwas passed, the life story of a woman Sacredxthe spot, so- dear to every art stage a souls part like Sister Howe is full of peculiar interest, These, toVare of our lives and be omitted sleep; although much must of necessity Here bv the wayside, obr beloved ' stiU and weep, ; in one brief sketch. By the lone graWe. sorrow 0Ur and he! pam' whispVpeace Our" Father Cruse was' born at Boxford, near Julia sevHelp us to live, untilemeef again. Berkshire, 'England, Newberry,1 we Fond memories cling around those days, enteenth of June, 1823. Her parents were -never can forget, Cruse, and to them and Joyce Mary until James roam we e'erWhere e'er we are, where -born six girls and one boy, of which ' were .. . is sun set; life's woven into nat thildren Julia was the youngest. Fop deep heart "throbs were A religious influence ..pervaded their web of life, ''dn'Vl pam read of anguish, Where mingle threads home. The children were taught to joy and strife. , V ) i 11 S.-Taylo- - W . We , - on-th- " - : the cripturc.: family prayer was conducted innring and evening, and the parents lived up t the best light and knowledge they In spite of "this condition, Julia juM-.wd"She to higher hopes was not satisfied. in a finer .mould was was dotmed, wrought. and tempered with a purer flame." The teachings in the Church of England concerning infant baptism and hell were responsible for lier state of mind, and she could, not see the justice in condemning pure little children to everlasting punishment merely because parents failed to have them christened. The death of a beloved companion who had not 'been christened was also a great source of sorrow to Julia because of tlii belief. While grieving for her friend and thinking she had gone to hell. Julia' had a dream in which she went in a beautiful chariot to a city. whose streets were paved with gold, and all else was in keeping. As a jeweled door swung open for Julia to enter one of the mansions, she awoke with the thought that he had visited Heaven and her ideas were so changed thereby that she grieved for her frjcnd no more. Owing to ill health, several years of the voung girl's life were spent with a married sister, on the Isle of Wight. She became engaged to a young man of good character and returned home to pre; the soul, . Lydiajl). Alder he N. E. A , No. 8. . e r, pare for. her mar riage. confusion and She found'thc household-iher mother in tears because an older sister had "disgraced" the family by joining the "Mormons." Her father being spiritually minded, said to (he weeping mother. "He that judgeth a matter before hearing it. is not wise," Being thoroughly' familiar - with the to scriptures, but a short time was needed convince Julia that her sisters belief was in accordance therewith, and soon she became converted and was baptized into the Church Saints on April of Tcsus Christ of latter-dar,th. 1849, and afterward both her parents joined the Church. be-- , An estrangement now having come twecn herself and her .betrothed. Julia and her sister left England 'for America in June, y 1849. - , left England, her father blessed the daughters and to Julia, gave the promise that she should live to do a work of great importance, that her parents would not live to accomplish. Upon arrivlocated in ing in America the St! Louis, Missouri, where they passed some trying through many interesting and fire which burned experiences,, one being a almost everything they had, , but through their the assistance of warm .friends and comfortown efforts they were soon made able again. ' Amos While in St. Louis, Julia met who was identiHowe, a skilled mechanic Church. fied with the local branch of the for. In June, 1850, she feame his. wife, gnd m St. Loins fourteen years the Howes lived wasen-- . and New. York, where Mr, Howe work involving great gaged in .construction thev- - Before Cruse-sister- s , , .' - 