fc 81 w oman s WOMAN'S EXPONENT. NATIONAL SUFFRAGE ASSOCIATION The. meetings of the National SuiTny Association, this month at Washington, a;, considered the most important ever he' The suffrage wonu by that afsoeiation. have held annual gatherings in the differn cities j)f the United States, meeting ever alternate year at the national capital for. ti.' past forty years. The results in gamin, recruits to the suffrage ranks removing prejudice, advancing social legislation l'.u the benefit of the woman laborer; and mam other achievements have marked tlie on ward trend of the work, but the fact that in all that time only ten states have granted equal rights to women, is not considered sufficient progress and that the rest of the women of the nation might enjoy the franchise the pleading, petitioning and waiting period is about over; patience is exhausted; and the women now propose to make a from the for more attention to this subject. The papers state that tile scene resembled a charge on a citadel, w lfeif more than a thousand women marched from the suffrage headquarters to the cap itol. The women moved in regimental formation, in quick step order, and crowded the room long before the committee appointed to hear them arrived. The request made by the women w;fs that a Mouse committee on suffrage be appointed, t to a similar one in the Senate. The request is made at every session of the association for an amendment to the Constitution in behalf of the enfranchisement of women, and. with special committees in each branch of Congress the day seems not so far distant for this result. r the, Relief Society with the hope that every lesson will bring splendid results, and awake a new 'interest in tlie great work in which EMMELIXE E. WELLS, Editor and Publisher' we are engaged. Exponent . , ASME H'ELLSCANSOX. Assistant Editor. Published monthly In .Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms; vue copy one year, $1.00; one copy ult months, W ets. No reduction male for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, eitra for postage one year, 25 ct. Adrertlslne rates: Each miare, ten lines of non- Darlel space. one time 12. 50: ter month T3. 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent oflice rooms 28 and 2U, 2nd floor HUhopV Iluildinr, 40 North Msln Strvet, Business "hour from 10 a. ra. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business comuiunicatioiiH to Mrs. E. ii. WELLS, ' fnttr'ed at the Post )1tc second Salt Lake City, V tah. V Salt lake City. tints matter. lah , THE NATIONAL. COUNCIL. The "executive session of the National Council of Yon1en was held in New York Citv Nov. 21,22. Mr. Kmmcline R. VelI ami Miss Sarah MeLefland of the Relief Society, H. Tingey, and Mrs. Kdith Lovesy of the V. L. M. I. Association, were in attendance at, the session. It was quite imjortant that all the affiliated societies be represented Wtih their full quota as much important business was transacted, not the least of which wa the election of officers. Next quinquennial will be held in year. Rome, when all the great organizations of women throughout the world will send repMrs.-Marth- l'M-frth- Decembkk, 1913 Salt Lake City, Utah, a c dc-man- law-give- resentatives. There have been only four gatherings of A general outline for work- in the Relief the International Council, the first held in Society has been prepared hv a committee the Tinted States in the citv of Washington the officers and directors of the when Mrs. May Wright Scwall was elected appointed-bGenera! Hoard. The outline will he ready president, the second held in London for distribution to the several stakes by the and Mrs. Sewall was the third in first of the year. Berlin when the Duchess of Aberdeen was It embraces many important and interest chosen president, the fourth in Montreal ing subjects and can not fail to be most when the Duchess was again elected.. The beneficial to the ..members of the organizadiscussions at the triennial in New1 York tion. were in anticipation of the business which Much altention is given in the outline to. will be "transacted next year in Rome and genealogical work, to which the officers of- dealt largely with social legislation and mat- the different stakes are urged to give their ters pertaining to the status of women in eanv attention. ome stakes nave a read v socia and no htiea ite. he tab women had organized classes for this studv .and who were in attendance not onlv took nart have done some splendid work, others are in i lie discussions nut also received impor- just adopting it, while still others have not tant appointments' oh committees' and w ere THE UTAH WOMANT PRESS CLUB. vet taken it up. It is the desire of the general the recipients of marked attention bv the oil 'Cers that this coming vear all the societies women of the council. Mrs. Kmmeline R. The Utah Woman's Press Club, at willl have completed this course and thus Wells was elected chairman of the advisorv their annual meeting held an election of instigated a ticsircamong the people of bet- committee of the Council, Mrs. Clarissa S. officer s and discussed informally the coming ter, more systematic and increased temple Williams of the Relief Society was elected a year's work. Mrs. Amanda Done was electwork. ed president, and Mrs. May W. Cannon, delegate from the United States to the quin It is likely that some of the subjects on quennial, to he held in Rome in 1914. and vice president Mrs. Cora Leaver, secretary home ethics have already been studied in the Mrs. Ida B. Smith, who is at present in and treasurer. societies, and in such cases the repetition of England with her husband. President Hy-ruThe loan fund which is to be used to assuch lessons is left to the discretion of the sist in the publishing of books by the mem- Smith, was elected an alternate. After the adjournment of the council the bers, is steadily increasing and the collection presiding officers to determine. have not completed the LTah.delegation visited friends and relatives of books for the library was also rcnorfed ' ' outline work that has been' provided for in Aew York, attended the Sunday services favorably.them by the respective stakes, that also is at the mission headquarters- and then pro-- . An interesting feature of the meeting was optional witn the local presiding orhcers to cecrtcd to aslungton, where they spent tlie proposal by Miss Kate Thomas, that finish whether 'to work decide, already Jhanksgiving day. The influence gained in the society endeavor to get Aunt Em to jhe started and then take up the new outline or the world bv association with women of publish her long promised book. "Great to drop the work and begin with the general note and ability who devote their lives to People T Have Known' This proposition causes nt inm.nnitv he n n trv nnr f,mmi outline as soon as it is received. was followed by a discussion w hich resulted The subject of a general outline for the and the Latter-da- y Saint women yield an in the decision that for each meeting during Relief Society has been much discussed the influence that is beneficial to others? Much the year achapter of the book be prepared has been allayed througlrthis affil- - and read by the author. past few years, in fact ever since the moth-prejudice the many ers work-- was introduced as departmental- lation and the true oosition and rnnditinnf friends of Mrs. Wells willCertainly be delighted with work, and there still remains the question the "Mormon" women has been made nlain this idea and we trust it w ill be carried out. whether the most benefit can be derived Falsehoods and slanders have been refuted The new officers are full of zeal for their from the whole body studying the same sub- - I and the truth been 'told concerning the neo- - work, and everything points to a most sucv jects at the same time, or from each stake plc of Utah. cessful and profitable year. x i y iiv. uaiier-aalwu uHii iic uviiuciuaint women, ineseiice oi piuiiiiiij lis tion on this matter the general officers have hit these great gatherings has led to manv AN ARRAIGNMENT OF PRESIDENT - . decided to iss,ue the new outline. new'spaiSer coniments. and their hi-WILSON. That.it will be gratefully. and joyfully re- telligence, and "benevolence have been snh--'- .i The Rev. Anna H. Shaw created quite a ceived by the members and officers through- - jects of, much praise. The officers of the sensation at the national suffrage associaout theifferent wards and stakes is certain, council have found the Utah women' most tion meeting when she declared President and much pleasure and advantage will capable, and often advise with them 'on im- -, Wilson had fallen short 'of thp rrpntpt nm ' doubtless be derived from its study, ters. Such inat portant recognition js much portunitv lie ever had or would ever The outline has been, prepared by a most and wetrust will always as now; in failing .to. sav a word in behalf of worn- . "7 f efficient and capable committee, and in its be well deserved. The Utah delegation re .an's suffrage when he read his annual, mesy preparation much time, study and 'thought turned home safelv after an absence of two age to Congress. She said no other have been giyen. weeks, feeling .that their mission was the y had the Opportunity of speakThe work will go forth to the sisters of means of much erood. a ing word which might ultimately lead to THE RELIEF SOCiETY OUTLINE. v a re-elect- ed, rs lu-arin- g cquiv--nlcn- . - j i ; ; m Whercy-societie- ' - ! - T 1 I - - - - S A. ' : '"' dio-nitv- " i - have-appreciat- - Presi-dutjiasey- er ; . ed 