WOMAN'S EXPONENT; 51 secured by a kind wotd or thoughtful act, or lost by a careless, word or deed. Tlie chilil has not' yet been born whose love and affection was gained by falsehood or deceit. feeble-minde- . th ui even more Sttidv the '.'alfalfa weevil," Tor really the subject is more worthy and more imiortant. A "sane mind is a sound body" is. more .important than monetary consideration, for in the end the yiTerencc may be the sorrows, that accompany the little white casket and the beautiful flowers. It cot no more to "raise" a man capable of living for eighty years than it docs to "grow" one who has not the rapac-it- v of living to be fortv vears old lisher. To begin a chililS training'with its grandparents simply means that children sprung from unhealthy and abnormal parents will be abnormal, and that they will start the battle of life under a handicap. The strcnuous-ne-s- s of this life is hard enough on the here- -' ditarily strong; what must it be on the onv The vast u ho from the. first i below par experience that culminated in the Mendelian theory enables us to predict, almost with certainty, the relative fitness or unfitness of tlie progeny of a given marriage. The results of aii analysis of. pedigrees of insane .subjects, and rules of theoretical expectation as propounded by .Mendel, and known as the Mendelian laws, are as fallows Both parents being neuropathic, all children will be neuropathic. 2 One parent normal, but with neuropa- thic taint from one parent, and the other parent' being neuropathic, half the children will be neuropathic and half will be normal but capable of transmitting the neuropathic make-u- p to their, progeny. - 3 One parent being normal and of pure normal ancestry and the other parent being neuropathic, all the children will be normal but capable of transmitting the neuropathic make-u- p to their progeny. 4 Both parents being normal,' but each with the neuropathic taint from .one parent, of the children will be normal and not capable of transmitting the neuropato their progeny, one-ha- lf thic makc-ii- p will be, normal but capable of transmitting the-chil- as-iduo- d, uly life-mat- so-call- 1 one-four- l;! make-u- p, h his clothed " ' - Thus-childre- 1 n 1 to-b- -- 78,-28- 9: . " . problem of caring; for the unfit is .becoming more and more grave with each succeeding year. When 'we must face it squarely is only a problem in procrastination. We know- - that the vast majority of ed ' and the remaining will be neuropathic. 5 Both parents being normal, one of pure normal 'ancestry and the other with a 'neuropathic taint from one parent, all the children will be normal, half of theni 'will be .capable and half incapable of transmitting' the neuropathic make-u- p to their progenyr .6 Both parents being normal and of pure normal ancestry, all the children will be normal and not capable of transmitting the in their progeny. neuropathic make-u- p What better inheritance could you wish from your parents than a pure normal heredity without taint of any kind? Can lands and houses, and the cattle on a thousand hills compensate Tor it? True, it is that occasionally n defective is born to normal parents, but the relative in frequency of such an occurrence only emphasizes the law of heredity,) The chilil born to a Jieritage of unrest .may not ''outgrow it'Vregardfess of the fable tof he contrary so often quoted. He may ,be trained out of it but he will. "outgrow" ' his tin but tew. ' .cradle and ngs very one-fourt- .1 ' th the neuropathic d, -- ) ( degenerates are the children of parents w.hp were insane, epileptic, alco holic, or too closely related by blood. . If this statement holds good, it stands to reason that the more profound the parental taint the worse the degeneracy. Shall our defective population be allowed to increase" without Shall we continue to procrasti restraint nate? Shall children be bormwho have very little chance of life and almost none of real usefulness ? It seems Only too true that "the forests are protected, the hogs inspected and the children ncclcctcd., In your capacity as advisers in case of sickness you can assist many whose opportunities have been limited or those over w hom fortune has spread 'a cloud that seems to have no silver lining. If you could at the same time discourage the marriage of the unfit remembering that only from healthy parents can healthy offspring result you will accomplish a work that future generations will remember with gratitude. I know full well that very many e with much less people select their care than would be bestowed on a new suit or hat. It will be said that I would take from love all the poetry perhaps yet I would like to substitute good common sense Indiana Child for poetry. . The Creed that every child has the inalienable right to be horn free from disease, free from deformity, and with pure blood; every child has the inalienable right to be loved ; to have its individuality respected; to be trained wisely in mind, body and soul: to be protected from disease, from evil influences and evil persons, and to have a fair chance 'in life, holds good in this and every state. We say that all rules are broken in case of sickness, and the comforts of the well must give way to the sick, c I have known the expectant mother to receive less consideration and care than is bestowed on the lower Is it thoughtanimals. Is it ignorance? lessness? Or worse is it a question of dollars and cents? If she requires intelligent care after a new life is ushered into the world, she certainly does before. In the present generation women underclad, underfed, overworked, cannot bear infants endowed with an organism fit to stay ; factory children, with no light, no air, no resistance, grow up, if at all, to ages in which they are permitted to procreate their kind, only poorer ( Jacob). are starved or defectives before they are born, infected with re red i ta r v i scales, and destined e born' only to perish. In the education of the mother, in the care of herself and her baby, we have the strongest weapon for fighting infant mortality. The prevention of infant mortality forces the problem of tuberculosis into second place. The United States government report for 1908 gives the niortality from every form of tubercutosis. in the registration area, as whereas the number of infant deaths under one year of age total 136,432 ! A baby comesinto -- the world with less chance to live one Week 'than an old man of ninety, and less chance to live "a year than one of eighty. Is it not true that .there are too many shojt coffiris sold' in the.IIn ited States r More than 1000 infants; under one year of age, die annually in this state. Dr. Hope of Liverpool reports that the 'deaths among children under three months of ap-either wholly or partially fed on artificial foods are fifteen times as great as they are an number of infants fed on among equal p -- .' : 1 Ii.ami ..tilt one that is 1 . breast-fe- d. 1 - (w 1 ltfst .11 Partially fromstativ tics and, partially from estimates l,5G0,0ui persons die annually in the Unite,d State 630,000 of. these from preventable; disease .The fundamental causes of infant mortality are mainly the result of three cndi tions ioverty, ignorance, and neglect. The head of the United States government Children's Bureau (Miss Julia Lathrop) has this to say regarding infant mortality: 'Mot of us. are very much shocked t find that in the ten years from 1910 back1 1. 1900, there came into the world at least and one half million children who died be fore they were one year old, slipping int.; life and out again, unknown and minimi bered in Any public way." And yet is there not something worse than infant mortality disgraceful and wasteful as it is? The moral degenerates that hi! our prisons, the insane that fill our asylums, all have to be reckoned with. If improper marriages, vicious living, ignorance and poverty pad the death roll, do they not also leave us a certain class of human beings characterized throughout life by certain peculiarities, eccentricities, originalityjn some useless way, oddities of manner, speech or to the rules that govdress, ern the great body of mankind, these things not amounting to true insanity, and yet being usually by heredity closely allied to it. or by evolution ending in it at last? No one ha lived long in the world without meeting many examples. Some of these examples are. strikingly original, a genius in some lines of work or thought, yet in the ordinary affairs of life wanting in those traits that bring success, and capable of transmitting to posterity an unstable mentality and a vitiated heredity. The poor you have always with you, the mentally defective likewise ; in the one case a distinctive hereditary taint, as a causative factor and at the same time preventable, in the other a misfortune. You can neither legislate nor educate pover ty from the world, but you can educate hereditary mental defectives out of . t.. ty non-conformi- In your labors of love among the poorer classes there is a vast field open to you, a field that has not received the attention it deserves, a field that by its newness begets opposition in the ignorant, and yet a field ot work that will amply pay for all your time and labor, and the result will be what? Better children born and unborn. SOCIETY OF THE UTAH PIONEERS. HAND-CAR- T " Three years ago today, April 14, 1910, a little company of Hand-caPioneers and daughters met at the home of Sister Hannah Lapish in" response to an invitation published by her in the daily papers that all Hand-caPioneers and daughters meet at her home. Quite a number responded to the invitation, and upon arriving were told by Sister :Lap-is- h the object she had in view when she called them together. She felt it was time the Hand ca rt Pioneers were fecowize,cHor the part they took jn the early history of our Uiurch and Mate. She had visited i'resi- dent Joseph F. Smith, told him her desires and received his approval. He blessed her and told her to go ahead and organise: and he would do all he could to help. her. v , naving received tne sancti on an a oiessiH rt rt -- -- 