.J WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 78 of England. He referred in to others. We shmld seek to first live the gettes to President Emmeline B. Wells an-,and teach Gospel ourselves and then' go out her influence amongst these women, an-- : it to. others. Tlyse'who go out to teach wonderful woman. Ilr should go in the spirit 6f their calling and said that she was a that she, could surviv-heriot spend the time in idle gossip or in talk had scarcely hoped last" illness "while recently in Provo, bin .on the happenings of the day. You sisters and capable a should minister such temporal and spiritual here, she was just as vigorous life and the powc assistance' as--, may be needed in the homes ever. She owed her long afflictions to her in where yoi visit. He related an instance of to rise above Mich sore self-ill and her unbounded faith a visit to a distant stake where the sisters domitablc of the Relief Society had cared for sick Such women 'as she are needed amongt President Smith our own people, as amongst tlie women families in 'the town. noted women kucv. wanted, the. sisters in office to be big and the world. Nearly all braid-mindeso that jcrsonal differences Mrs. Wells and always asked after her. lb association with the eastern might not creep into their official acts. There hoped the convention is no room for petty jealousies and envyings women in their mammoth be up but continued with among Saints;, be unselfish and loyal to would not truth and righteousness. He himself was unabated vigor,, for the educational value loyal to his friends, to President Lyman was incomparable. Miss Edna Dwyer sang, "There comes a to Elder Smoot, who was present, whom he had known since he was born. He tin e." followed by the. Doxology,- and the would not consider any man his friend who benediction was pronounced by President Francis M. Lyman. sought to injure either of these brethren, The afternoon session was opened by lie had watched the public career of Senator Smoot and knew him to be upright, singing, "Let us pray, gladly pray." Prayer clean, just and true to every trust. And his was offered by Sister Susa Young Gates. friends would be the friends of Senator Singing, "On the mountain tops appearing."' President Emmeline B. Wells introduced Smoot. He had no time nor disposition to Dr. Leslie Woodruff Snow as the son of criticize either civil or religious authorities. He was loyal to the city governing officers, President Ixrcnzo Snow and the grandson to the governor of the state, and to our of President Wrilford Woodruff. Dr. Snow the congressional delegation. Moreover, he was gave a very clear talk on the care of of cleanliloyal" to our national administration,, for eyes, the need of proper light, in only so could good men have the best ness, and of proper glasses being worn chance to do their work unhindered. When cases of weak or myoptic eyes. He gave men were doing the best they could. Latter-da- y some excellent directions for simple home remedies for avoidanccof common mistakes Saints would serve themselves by holdthe ing Tip their hands. President Smith then and urged the parents to look well after spoke solemnly on the Word of Wisdom, precious eyesight of their children. and its strict observance. lie urged the . A violin solo by Willard Weihe, accom sisters to look after the aged, to succor the panied on the' organ by Prof. J. J. rendered and was beautifully orphan,.. .and to minister i.n the spirit of Christ to all who stood in need of assistbrought forth a rising vote of thanks. After ance, lie closed with a powerful testimony which Miss McCheyne completed her ex-- , to the character of President Emmeline B. cellent talk on the "School Luncheon Box." Wells, saying that he knew her worth and bringing many little suggestions of value to home keepers.' that she had been placed in her present exof A charming organ solo by our own orher long experialted position because ence and her unquestioned loyalty to the ganist. Miss Edna Coray, Was much appreGospel of Jesus Christ. She had received ciated, and then Prof. Maud May Babcock that testimony in her youth and jt was that told of the new "Home" for girl wage-earner- s inner testimony of the Spirit, which was the in the Ensign stake of Zion. She only sure guide for the. spirit of man upon reported that they were in need of thirty: this earth. It takes of the things of the two quilts and invited the mothers to come Father and makes them known unto the to their assistance. children of men. . President Emmeline B. Wells gave a spirThomas-Edward Mrs. Lizzie talk, referring to the times in sang the ited closing ' Kirtland when Mother . Whitney w.v "Angel's Serenade," with a violin glow-in-term- unveiling of the Sea Gull Monuments She was carried hack to early days in Utah when .there were liiaiiy wonderful demonstrations f God's goodness to His people. Counselor Clarissa S. Williams felt over-it-- d in listening tu the report of the work f Mr. and .Mrs. Brown at the Meniorial ( Their inission is one of importune and they are filling it with credit to thunsdves and to the Church. the Tlupeakcr regretted very much that adn School of Oratory had refused mission to such a capable woman as Mrs. Brown dimply because she is a Latter-da- y Saint, and Imped that such prejudice would sum he a thing of the past. The KclieJ Society members were urged call t IipiTi!! anf to he ncighlorly, toteach .a 'the hs me- nf all people, and to and preach the .Gospel whenever -- oppor fnn'tv for so doing is presented. The session closed with singing, "Praise . () the Man." ( losing prayer was offered by Sister Ivlua May Davis. Amy B.' Lyman, . r.M-tt.- :! ' . Secretary. a ITid.tv Kt. 3, Second day. Tile morning session opened with singing, "Come, come, ye Saints." Praver was offered bv Miss Sarah Mc- - i.eiimd: f,' s , r w : d, as-als- o . Singing, "Softly beams the sacred dawning." Miss Gertrude McCheyne, of the. Agricultural College of Utah, began her talk on "The School Luncheon Box." She emphasized t!ie need of system in the home management, with its associate virtue, cleanliness. She touched upon the selection and reparation of school luncheon, urging " oihers to teach daughters to prepare their own boxes botlj training it gave to the girjand for the relief it would afford the uusy mother. President Joseph F. Smith, accompanied by Senator Reed Smoot, the hall and Miss McCheyne courteously sat down, that the audience might hear the distinguished visitors. Her talk was' finished in the afternoon session. President Ballard of the Northwestern States Mission sang, "I know that my 'Redeemer lives." , President Joseph F." Smith expressed his pleasure at meeting with the Relief Society, and commented vigorously on the initial Prof. George E. Skelton. hostess to the Prophet Joseph Smith' whn its divine its of and existence, Senator Reed Smoot spoke feelingly of he was in that city. How she would hush purpose 'would ever he that nothing his mother's holy teachings and of hjsnigh her cradle sons: to listen to the murmured hoped origin; occur to change its name or to interefere regard for women and their labors in life. tones of that inspired voice as the Prophet with its original functions. It had been orHe spoke of, his pride in the. youth of "this dictated his revelations to his scribe on the the to revelation. ganized by Prophet Church, and. of his own loyalty to its teach- floor above hen She said we had had a rc- given . name the and sufficiently inJoseph Smith, ings. He said he had never lost anything markable conference and she hoped trie sisdicates its purpose and scope. Its principal by proclaiming his. religion, nor had he ters would take the of it home to their spirit needs of minister the to the was to ohiict failed in any test set up by that standard. stakes and She urged them to he wartjs. time to a the have and care at "same Saints, He spoke of the great good accomplished kind to' those wbo'wer blind or lacking in ."for the needy stranger within our gates. by women of "this Church when they atof. their" faculties, for the blessings oi President Smith said that lie wanted the tended fhe Eastern conventions, and of the any Gocl rest upon them inasmuch as they members of the General Board of this Soundying friendship- such associations had ministered to such unfortunates. She inciety to set such examples when they went engendered between our women and the, voked the blessing of God uponall present out 'into the homes of the Saintslas an angel prominent women of the world. His best and all those engaged in Relief Society would do. if such were to eifter our homes. friends among the noted women of the work in all the world. If they did not do tTns: and the' failure was world had been such women as Belva A. AlfvvrnnrW Crnyrr(n,rA connr "OnP SWCCtlv reported to his office, the First Presidency Lockwood. J. Ellen Foster, Clara Barton, solemn thought," and th congregation sang; would see to it that others would come who Susan B. Anthony and others 'who were not "Redeemer of Israel." Sister. Ida: Smoot would set proper examples. lie urged upon friends to this" people but to all honest only the, final benedicDusenherry pronounced the. Board and officers generally the, : people, and whose labors in behalf of their tion of the Conference. sity,of studying the principles of the Gospel, sex had done far more good than had ever : Susa Y. Gates, that they might be, ready to teach the Truth been accomplished the foolish suffra by Cor. Sec. Mc-Clella- n, for-th- e. now-entere- d accom-paniment- by -- 4 ..... ' w-oii- ld - . . ' . - -- , " . : . ' . 