WOMAN'S EXPONENT 70: by teaching the value of proper mating. An article by "Stoddard Goodhue, in the July Sympathy is the pathy and understanding. feels with Elbert class teaeher key and'-shHubbard that, "Xo pcr.soy is great who docs not possess sympathy." Vour heart must go out to all men, thu high, the low, the rich, the o t, the Ieirnc(f. the unlearned, the good, the badthe wise, the foolish. It is necessary Jo be one with than all, else you can never understand them. Yhc introduction of class work into the Relief .Society came as a boon to jus all; it is a means of education and uplift that, all may grasp and .thus enlarge our horizon, expand ur sphere, o'f usefulness and make nf ourselves what ur Heavenly Father expects at our hands. The value of the different courses of studv is so hroad that they reach every part nf Hygiene fur middle ..age not only helps those of that age to pass successfully through that period but prepares the young mothers for its approach by teaching them to live now for what is before them. The "Young Mother's Work" teaches them to better understand their children and how to direct their efforts for good, how to play with them, aix the value of play, with the result that they keep closer to their children they bring themselves backjo childhood and see things through children's eyes, understand with their understanding and enjoy with a child's enjoyment, thus their companionship is complete, exemplifying the thought, "and a little child shall lead them." Together they watch for the manifestations of God. ,,CosinojM)litan magazine" teaches that every man sind woman should know the ancestry the ?un. the mnon, the sky, mountains wide ami high. In the thunder, in the rain, In the winds, the weods. the plain. In the little birds that snip, (jod is seen in everything." In-th- A study of current events broadens us by showing a view of the world and its progress, a knowledge of its important events and that the turmoil that at present exists is in fulfilment of prophecies by our own Prophet Joseph Smith. This is all an added testimony to us of the divinity of his mis, i- - Biographies of the noble women of and of the world are an inspiration to us. "Sewing Topics" gives us valuable thoughts for discussion in our sewing meetings, thus eliminating gossip and The Theological gives us a more definite understanding of the principles of the Gospel, making us broader minded and better able to defend the faith than ever before. .By coming in contact, with other faiths we intensify our own by com- pansom i ne ueneaiogicai worn is ot tremendous import. To us above all people on the earth, it is important. It is necessary for us to keepjn touch .with the great world movement in this Hue of work.' It has three distinct phases, the social, the. scientific and the spiritual. Many people spend much time and money tracing their pedigree to estab1 nsn ineir reiajionsnip 10 noteu personages or nobility, etc., to gratify pride orto become eligible to societies such as the "Sons of the Revolution," "Daughters of the Pioneers," etc. This is the social, side. . The scientific phase brings into genealogy the science of eugenics or heredity, which" when studiecTand applied will tend to improve the race physically light-mindedne- and-Daught- ers " ( -- and-menta- f lly ss. h " rtir tlonf , "Tnw him flint bitb .UI, IJcftif fv given." , KJ 14 4 cb-i- 1. Olfttlll I '...,'' ' . We get. inspiration only as we fit ourseh to receive it. Let us: get that we may giw knowing that oiir work leads us to wisdou sympathy, education and the glory of G1 ' IDOLS. When men made idols, carving the blank ey t1l - f1'T V !l'- tit ll.-.!..', liix 'I'll..- Cllfl'dlli'tv . I I - r hands, The solid heads of undisputed wood y Moulding of bras or bronze the hollow none the less bowed' down and worships, them; Worshiped the vacant images they. made; All men were bidden to respect the jjods. feeble-minde- d ; our-Churc- lcnt . , sion. of the 'contemplated marriage partnerand knowing it, have the courage, if there is happiness for any taint,, to put aside the good of the race. Tne editor's note on this article says "J lave I the .right to get married? if "already married, have 1 the right to have children? If I have children will they be healthy in mind and body or will or consumptive, or they be epileptic, or so sickly and defective that they will be a burden to themselves and to their parents?" The time is coming when every intelligent man and woman must ask himself or herelf such questions as those di-- . rect personal, practical questions. The new knowledge of heredity makers it imperative to do so, The long controversy about the relative influence of heredity and environment has been settled for all time. We know now that the possibilities of any individual are determined before birth; if you are to select a marriage partner wisely and give your prospective children half a chance in life, you must le familiar with at least the essentials of this new knowledge. Last and Lest is the spiritual phase which iij volves the keeping of genealogy for furthering the work of salvation of the living and the dead, and the binding together of families for time and all eternity. I might have added another phase, the technical or the art of collecting and recording data. This part of the work was given in our genealogical class, taught by Sister Annie Lynch of the Woman's Committee oi the genealogical association and as a result of the precious seed sown by her we have aimed to put theory into practice. Knowing that the records in the majority of the homes of the Saints are in a deplorable condition, no thought being given to the recording of passing events, we. have prepared a form, containing the direct ancestry of husband and wife back to the second great grand parents, the children of the couple, and whom they married, and the work the sister is now performing in the Church as also a place lor all she has heretofore done.- - Practice may never strictly conform to theory but we believe that great good .will result from the work thus begun. One cannot fill out our form without feeling the force of our two mottos, "Record data today, tomorrow it may be beyond your reach," and, "We who forget the past have no claim to be remembered by the future."-Thernever will come a time when the chances are better than today for the preserving of necessary data. Every day the aged are passing away and with therri Valuable information which we may sorely need but be unable to secure, and therefore we arc working to secure actual, authentic data and have it properly recorded and placed on file in our societies for future use. The great amount of work that this requires makes us feel that, "The. man is greatest ' Mvho best serves his kind.-Sympathy and knowledge are for use you acquire that1 you may give out.; you ac- -. cumulate that you may bestow. And as God has given yoiiJhe sublime blessings of and there wisdom, will sympathy, come to you the wish to reveal your gratitude by giving them out again; for 'the wise man is aware that we receive 6nly as we give. Let I do!!-The- . . Xow men make laws; make, unmake and amend The road behind them strewn with laws out K'rown, The space around them thick with law r. pealed; Men at their pleasure make what laws tin chooser mc laws are unenforced. And of this mass, Some fallen into scornful disrepute, And all to be evaded if one hires A costly champion learned in the panic Vet we are told to have respect for law! CharU'ttc Perkins Oilman RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. r.OX KLDKR STAKK. The Relief Society Conference of Box Elder stake convened June 18, 1913, Presided Sarah P. Stohl, presiding. Present besides Relief Society stake officers, Presidents Olecn N. Stohl and W. ( Ilorsley, and General' President of the Relief Society Emmeline B. Wells. Singing, "For. the strength of the .hill-.- " etc. Opening prayer by Sister Emelia I). Mad-se- n. Singing by Relief Society choir, "There is sunshine in my soul." Roll was called, showing 314 present. Minutes of previous forenoon conferen;e read and approved. President Sarah P. Stohl was pleased see so many sisters present this morning felt to welcome all, and felt we would haw a profitable" time together today ; "va pleased to welcome our worthy President. Sister Wells, who had come all alone to visit us. Said the 18th had been set apart as a holiday, but on account of entertaining the old folks we decided to hold our conference today. Prayed the blessings of the Lord upon all. Sisters Sarah Fredahl and Sophia Jensen each gave reports of the associations at Bear River City and Mantua. "Kind words . are sweet tones of the hearf" was sung by the' choir, with Sister Hortense Xelsen singing the solo. . Sister Sophy Valentine gave" a talk ou the "Evolution of Woman," giving the position of woman in tlie home and society from .7" " the early periods down. President Emmeline B. Wells 'said she was very pleased and gratified in seeing so many here ; was interested in all she had heard, particularly in the talk on the "Evolution of Woman;" thought it yyas a very interesting subject ; said the Relief Society workvvais increasing verT matenall.Sb? was proud of Box Elder stake ; spoke of President Lorenzo. Snow and his sister Eliza R. Snow, and the work done 4ri this ! : e ; - . 