WOMAN'S EXPONENT. a likewise" ignorant iolicc force, a most rep-tentati- biscuit and candy rfVtories, mx factories hotel and restaurants, not to mention school-- where about ninety per cent of the teacher are women, one wonders that o long a time should- have pascd in a suffrage "tate without such an officer. With a god. competent woman holding this position, the" working girl will feel greater security in her work; mk- will know-thathere i some one with authority looking .after her interests. The industries need not suffer in consequence of these measures, in fact they ought to prosper, as all things do', where, a proper' understanding exists between employer and employee, on a hai of son k thing like equality. It lay not. be very well known that many establishments in Salt Lake City employ young and a half girN at the rate f fifty-thre- e cents a day. and some even less, expecting a good nine-hou- r day's work. With' these two measures enforced, such a condition i now impossible. While probably there will always exist fall from the path of evil and girls rectitude, yet with good laws uii the statute" books of the state and good officers to enforce the laws, there is protection for the working girl and safer, conditions around her. The low wage and poor environment of may not be the greatest or only causes imimmorality, but they are undoubtedly lives of portant factors in driving girls to shame. The fact that when a girl lives at home she does not need such high wages as the and has girl who comes from the country well as to pay for her room and board as clothes, is one argument the employer makes that he alwavs inquires if his apprentices live at home' and the wage in such cases half to four ranges from two dollars and a readollars a week. Now, does it stand to son that parents would send their girls into the the whirl and sorrow of the factory or to become a factor shop if her wage was not does not in the support of the home? One of "vice need to follow the investigations committees'1 in Chicago or any of the big around cities - all one needs to do is and learn at home in one's own town or city " something of the conditions 01 are, children as soon as ing class; that from school and. 11 vi, Ur ir'v. tnk-c- ve and intelligent body of American .men-an'nut only destroyed the effect, of and heautiful procession hat .in:j classical ured their bodies and insulted their souls. l'or .months preparations' wcly being :;,ale for this ru:ocession. Letters had been ritten to the prominent organizations of The designer's t'nion. i verv state in the ,i t had been called into service for unique .ats and telling costumes. I banners, flags ..id pennants had been painted and embroidered. Horses, carriages and automobiles had been engaged,' while bauds and drum corps had been making ready for some time. An imposing and imigniticent array , ( - : might have- told in symbol to the people gathered at the capital from all over the United States for the inaugural ceremonies, something of the numerical and intellectual strength of the suffrage cause, had not that brutal, ignorantseething mass - of humanity been allowed to break the ranks and scatter and hurl the columns of marching women into contiision.' Such proceedings are a shame to American manhood and especially to a city government which can offer no protection when protection most is needed. It is to be hoped that the investigation into the inaction of the police department will be thorough and the findings will be adequate for such dereliction. The sufsteadfrage cause is advancing at any rate and ily and surely, and no amount of brumal the progress of ignorant opposition can stop vo just and good a movement. A. V. Cannon. THE LIVING WAGE. The members of the vice investigation committee of Chicago came across so many hocking and surprising facts connected with the downfall of girls that referred the matter to President Wilson, believing that onlv bv national legislation can existing conditions be rectified. There nave already been some splendid results from the Napublicity of the investigations. The tional Harvester company has increased the salaries 'of its women employees, and other' the large institutions are taking steps to do same, while the states which have legislation pending connected with the "living some wage" subject, are likely to pass' measures of benefit to the working woman. The" Utah legislature enacted a minimum the govwage measure which hasTTeeived ernor's signature and will go into effect imbe it mediately. To the credit of the state, scale said that Utah is the first state to fix a of wages for the working girl. The minimum is low, it is true, and not what the friends nf the measure desired, but it is a will raise the step in the right direction, and standard and respect of the girl herself to know she has a law to befriend and protect her. enacted by One other excellent measure the with the Utah legislature connected the. one which provided of for a woman deputy on the Commission It will Immigration, Labor and Statistics. to be the duty of this .woman deputy the state laws are enforced m regard to the employment of women and children in the different industries in the state. When women one considers the large number of estab-- . the different mercantile employed the lishments, the laundries, the hospitals, -- they-hav- ; prr-hap- N to-loo- ... n n enouin n'v; forced into the "madding crowdVin pursuit the house of money to. help pay perhaps rent or the interest on the mortgagedJiome, still younger to help clothe and feed those of these and the work worn mother. Many and ife in youth working girls are underfedwhen it should be become care and burden the nation or the ioy and delight. When ameliorindividual states have legislation to we progressing ate these conditions then are brotherhood ; the plane of universal oui - . 4terthe-manufactur- .or tliemerchanLcan er are d realize that those whom he employs sufficient wage, to a reasonable and he does fact when he will" concede thathis profits per cent of not need ninety-fivthe remaining while his employeesMil divide solving of Win the . rive. tnen.pciiw ;s n- Labor. I that perplexing national questioen-it- f e, . have agitated The women of the country for some toe along these lines see-tha- V nia. women sat in the. legislature this winter, aud iii all of these '.states some splendid vovial legislation has been .passed, While committee of women have worked for similar laws in states where suffrage' does not vet obtain. So rolls on the good work.. A. W. C. t - l which 40 are beginning to 'nit and notr"When, Avomen -in the making .ace have a nana anu an um" . THE RELIEF SOCIETY. (Copied from the Original Record.) Eliza R. Snow, Skckktary. invitation of the I resident of. the Church", a number, of sisters convened in the Masonic Lulge-Rooon the ltli of March. lS42r President Joseph Smith, Elders John Tavlor and Willarrf Richards were present. Hy m President Smith stated that, the meeting was called for the purpose of making more complete the organization of the Church, by organizing the women in the order of the Priesthood. John Taylor was called to the chair and Willard Richards . acted as . secretary. .... A ter singing and prayer a vote was taken f- to know if all were satisfied with each sister present, and willing to acknowledge them in good fellowship and admit them to all the privileges .of the institution aUmt to be organized. All being satisfied, the names of those present were taken as fol- ... lows: Emma Smith, Martha Knight, Elvira A. Cowles, Sarah M. Cleveland, Phebe Ann Ilawkes, Margaret A. Cook, Desdemona Eulmer,. Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Sarah M. Kimball, Elizabeth Jones, Leonora Taylor, Eliza R. Snow, Sophia Packard.- Bathsheba XV. Smith, Sophia Robinson, Philinda Her-ricPhebe M. Wheeler, Sophia R. Marks. President Smith then explained some of the duties that would 'devolve on members of the Society, said they could provoke the brethren to good works, look after the needs of the poor, and perform charitable - k, acts. ' . Woman must assist in correcting the morals, and strengthening the virtues of the community. Said it is now in order for the sisters to elect a President to preside over the Society and let her choose two counselors to assist in the'duties of, her office. He would ordain them and let them preside just as the Presidency preside over the Church, and if fliey needed his instruction, they could ask and he would be pleased to give it from time to time. Let the Presand. their deidency serve as a constitution cisions become precedents for you to act Upon. If officers arc wanted Jo carry out the- ti" mctitiitihi'i. let them be apas Teachers, Deacons, pointed and etc., are among us.. , r Elizabeth A. wnuney inuvcu a.m. -. set-apa- rt 1 t-- i i ..,i,11 thn motion that Kmthe So- ma Smith be elected President of the chairman ciety r the vote was put by ' and pronounced unanimous. The President Elect made choice, of bar Whitah M. Cleveland "and Elizabeth Ann ;. liar rvimCplorS Eliza K. bnow was appomicu v.Vij. and Phebe M. Wheeler assistant secretary, " and Elvira A. Cowles, treasurer. revela-,;o- n President Joseph Smith read , the of tn rEmma Smith, fro.m the Book Mawru uCovenants,-an- a Doctrine-ajid- . the reve- she. had been ordained at the' time . . -- -- -- ! realized, m Z and Cnlifor- Washington, Utah,; Colorado, ; 