I N. - WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 48 for the gathering of the Saints, and here their first Temple was built. The first time she ever saw the Prophet Joseph Smith was at a iast meeting, held'in the Kirtland Temple in 1837, when he addressed the Saints. One would have to see him in order to un- drstand inspiration, that over-- " shadowed hint: The impression ..that he 'made upon her' mind at that timt has never left her, .although she is riowHu her 83rd year. And many times after that she enjoyed ' the privilege of hearing him speak the-glorio- us born October 3,' 1837, in Kendal, Wcstm 'England. InJ.846 she was baptize' mcmlxT of the Church by her father Strong, who was president of the branch." Grandma with her parents left .England and walked across hc plains and landed in Utah October 28, 1855 In 1856 they mow. .to Provo and in 18.V she married Rovr Farrer, and Jhev have resided here ev r since. ' Grandma is the noble mother.of nine children, six of whom "are living. She h.v always been a Church worker in dilTerei,' organizations; a teacher in the Sun!iv School and counselor in the Primary years. 4Thc first Relief Society meeting she a tended in 1870 she was called upon to pray, and this was the beginning of her interest invthis organization. She, was set apart as teacher and labored in that capaclh many years: She was appointed president of the teachers, also an aid on the stake Ixwd. She was for the last seven years a member of the Utah Stake Relief Society. Board, acting a chorister for that organiza- PERCIA BUNNELL. Read by Mrs. Melissa Bunnell Williams. Sister Percia Grover Bunnell, "u,aughU;r of Thomas GrovOr and Caroline Nickerson, was lom December 27, 1841, in Nauvoo, 111. She lived there with her parents until she was five years old, when they left for the Rocky Mountains with the first company of pioneers.. While crossing the Mississippi river reoruary, ifwo, in a ierry ioai, one oi her grandfather's oxen jumped overboard. In jumping around he knocked a board from" the !xttom of the boat, which sank immediately. Grandfather signalled another l)oat which came to their rescue. They were all soaked through bedding, provisions and everything in the wagon. Notwithstanding this misfortune not one received any ill effects. The journey was continued as far as Pisgah, but after arriving there, on account of the few teams and heavily loaded wagons, it was decided that the families be divided and part sent back to Nauvoo. Grandmother arid her children were airiong this' number. , The following Septemler tion. She has always been, a regular attendant they started again with mother's grandparents. Grandmother Grover having a of Relief Society gatherings and. an ardent hours oldAfter worker therein. , Ikr labor has been one of young. babe but twenty-fou- r traveling two hundred miles sickness befell love and pleasure, and her influence for d them and father and. three sons good i always felt wherever she goes. She died, leaving grandmother and her mother is a strong, most, beautiful character and with five small children to care for. They can see the good that is in each pe';on. resumed, their journey as far as Council By her smile, how soon the stranger and Bluffs, when they were again detained for friend knows, it is not of herself she i want of means. So grandmother stayed .thinking, not of herelf but of others an there, taking in washing, sewing, nursing for us all. She is a Safnt of cheer- tlie sick, or anything she could get to do. example ne tnl sptnt, amt ot days, and ii.gms. 1850. when there until They stayed grandand have her shall sit in father sent means for them to come to the heart's desire.heavenly places valley. They arrived in Salt Lake City in God bless our dear, sw'eet September, 1850, having suffered many mothers and grandmothers who-- e don their lived hardships journey. .They there two years, grandmother' teaching ivinely human interest and 'love have givtn school for support. In 1852 she moved to us our glorious nation. Provo, where she has since lived. Mot he and father were married in 1856: they, had twelve children,- four of whom are livinjfc. NOTES AND NEWS. Mother suffered all the hardships incident to pioneer life. She attended the first ReMrs. Luella B. Johnston, of Sacramento. lief Society organized in Provo. acted as Cal., is lelieved to be the first and only teacher in the Third ward seven years; also woman yet chosen as a commissioner by was appointed president of the teachers in any city which has adopted the commission Lake View ward. In 188 was chosen presform of government. Sacramento is proud ident of the Lake View Relief . Society, of her, and prominent citizens put up the which position she held six years. In 1901 money to have in the California section of was chosen second counselor to Sister Man-Joh- the Washington parade two banners, one and labored as such until Sister TohnV reading, "Sacramento, the Heart of Calideath, when she was honorably released :md fornia1 and the Capital of the State," and chosen an an aid, where she still labors. She another. "Women of Sacramento .voted has always been ready to help the poor, commission plan and- elected only woman nurse the sick, and although she is 71 vears commissioner in world. Under her adminold. continues in this good work. istration as commissioner of education, school, health and sanitary conditions have : and has; never doubted the divinity of his mission. - .Her family wer quite intimate with the Prophet Joseph, and his family, as neighbors, living only across the street from each other. In the early spring of 1838 her father's family arrived in Far West, Mo., but tjiey were only permitted to remain there until March of the following year, on account of the exterminating order of Qov. Boggs, for them to leave the state. In the spring of 1839 they again left their home and moved to Commerce, Illinois, which was afterward called 'Nauvoo. Here her father built threehouses and they remained there seven vears. She has a distinct recol- -- lection 5f the martyrdom of the Prophet and his brother Hyrum, and the terrible scenes enacted at that time. At the age of fourteen years she was teaching school in Nau-vo- o to about thirty puinls, and our President Joseph F. Smith, also others of Brother Hyrum's family, were among them. Here she met and married William Miller, the ceremony leing performed in the Nauvoo Temple. In the spring of 1849 she left for .,Utah, her husband being captain of the company. They arrived in Salt Lake in September of the same year, remaining there Her husband' William Miller one year. founded the town of Springville and they in company with her father's .family settled there, living there ten years. Her mother and only brother died of cholera on the plains in 1850 and were buried by the roadside. This was a terrible blow to her as she was anxiously-awaitinthe arrival of her mother and other relatives. In 1860 her husband was called to act as President of Utah stake, which necessitated their moving to Provo, where she has since resided. die'd Aug. 7. 1875. Some . Her husband years later she married James E. Daniels. She has been identified with. the Relief, Society ever since its first organization in Utah. She has led a very active life and devoted much time to public work, having been a teacher in the Theological class of the Sunday School for a period of nineteen years; was president and also a teacher of the Primary association in her ward: was also first counselor! to Mary John in the Utah Stake Relief Society for many years. In September, 1892, she was appointed as AGNES STRONG FARRER. become ideal.' Echancre. president of the World's Fair commission .for Utah county, and worked most assiduRead by Zella Farrer Stubbs. ously to make a success othe World's Fair "Something has really happened jn Caliexhibit from Utah, traveling and organizAgnes Strong Farrer is the daughters; fornia. The men have learned . that the clubs sevthe For John Strong and Agnes Miller. She was women have waked ing county. throughout ; up' eral years she acted as vice president of the Woman Suffrage Association of Utah county, and was sent as a delegate to the 27th annual convention of the .National American Suffrage- - Association, held in Atlanta, Ga. After the death The most' becoming Styles in Ladies' Daniels Sister was Mary John, honorably released from the presidency of the Relief Suits, Coats, Dresses, Skirts, was and as an Society, appointed honorary Waists couiiselor a n oju ember otthestake board Popular Prices. which position sh6 ndvjiolds. . sin-a- - reat-gran- . ani-r,pul-insiir-i- . ng -- g - -- n - 4 . . ) - s s ' - of-Presid- R. K. THOn AS ent CO., "kS: : and at THE STORE WHERE YOU CAN FEEL AT HOME i nd I 