47 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Tenth' meeting1 was addressed by Bishop X'. K. Whitney, President Joseph Smith be-- . i;ig present. Eleventh meeting June 11th. , Pre-ide- ! I ' . It grieves me that there fuller fellowship, if one. member suffers all feel it; by union of feeling we obtain power with God Christ said Me came to call sinners to repentance, and to save them. Christ was condemned hv the right eous Jews because Me took sinners into Mis ocicty, he' took them upon , the principle that they repent. Nothing is so much calculated to lead people to forsake sin as to take them by the hand and watch-ove- r them with tenderness. The nearer we get to our feavenly Father, the,. more we are disposed to look with compassion one perishing buls. I say to this Society if you would have God to have mercy on you, have mercy on each other. How mild the Savior dealt with Peter, saying-- "When thou art converted strengthen thy brethren." At another time lie said to him, "Lovest thou me? Feed my .shedp."' The Society is not only to relieve the poor hut to save souls Sixteenth meeting, held in the Grove, Angv31?trl842. After relating recent difficulties President Joseph Smith had encountered while being hunted bv his enemies, he said the Relief Society has taken an active part in my welfare in petitioning the Governor in my behalf. These measures were necVssary and your influence helped to .bring about my redemption from the hands of my enemies. I have come here to bless you. The Society has done well, their principles are to practice holiness. God loves do you and your prayers shall avail much": not cease to let them ascend to God in my behalf. The enemy will never get weary. I expect he will array everything against me, expect a tremendous warfare. Me that will war the Christian warfare will have Satan and all the powers of darkness continually arrayed against him. A few things had been manifested to him for during his absence, respecting baptism the dead, which he would communicate next Sabbath if nothing should occur to prevent it. He then offered a fervent prayer to God in behalf of the Society. After the transaction of some business in the adjustment of which President Smith offered counsel he then said he had one more rpsnertinp- baptism for the fr dead which must suffice for the present and until he had the opportunity to, present tnc subiect at a ereater length. - Ail nrenn? h.mtized for the dead must nresent. that he may be an toir o necto testify of it. It will be these things essary in the Great Council that attended to t f.ctlfi nf Tt should be from this time. If there is any lack it may be at the expense of our friends. This was the last Relief Society meeting that President Joseph Smith attended. administration of During the two years President. Emmmth and her associates, to search visiting sisters were appointed out the needy, to nna; wuik iv. and to re bodied; to receive contributions port conditions, the Society' were extend of lalors The ' ed to the four wards of the city. ; ' One thousand two hundred and seventy u. five names wercenrollcd as mempers. i recorded receipts were $415.24. ; -- I , . 4 , re-mot- mp ' eye-witne- ss -- - . , m Joseph Smith. -- he baptized many," ordained clerg'mcn and established monasteries, and in time' all of y "loat America's Koklcnro!, the people were converted and Ireland beToast France's lily fair. the Church. came a garden-iToast tiunny Scotland's thistle, And KnyhmTs rose so r:ic. St. Patrick performed', many miracles, 1 hey all deserve our such as healing the sick, restoring sight to jraies, And our IdessiiiRs too, I ween, the blind, "ami it is said, he even raised the I'ut gi c to me the shamrock ' death He labored in this way for 40 years From the little ble so green." and then he passed away. ifot bo It; would ministry he inappropriate if we gave .During the early part is a lew minutes tin mirlu to St. ;itrick. as rtir was preaching to a barbarian chief, trying could ' day by coincidence fall- on the'snme to explain the Trinity. This the chief for day a- - his. St.. Patrick was a true saint of not understand, how it could be possible Cod A saint is a peru en:dwed with a one to be in three. St. Patrick picked from sublime pirit of prayer, pmity of heart. the green sod a shamrock and holding it up bade him behold "one in three." The chief and pertect chanty and luunmty. was so' impressed with this illustration that Stud) people ( iod choose to act a his he at once was baptized. on earth. became the national em )nrinr tin- rlove nf thi fourth rentiirv in blem of Ireland and is symbolized all over a little town in Scotland, a boy w.'b born called Patrick. His parents were nf a good the world where there are any Irish by "The Wearing of the Green." lVHMi.il Mill uihii Iltl.lll and reared in the Christian faith.. He lived St Patrick we know, and esteem on the iarm with Ins parent until lie was By wearing a little knot of green; ST. PATRICK. -i; " of-h- 1 fc-tiv- al - . I - I . I i f 1 I IV. . . ears of age, wlu n a band of pirate- - visited that part of the country and carried oft a great many oi tue young people, among them the boy Patrick. He was: taken, into Ireland and forced to tend cattle and .swine. He went through many hard- ships such as danger and cold. lie. endured these trials for six long years, and it was during this time that his intense religious nature was developed. TT,. f'ltfpd ntid nrnved dnv and lli'dlt to He be able to stand these persecutions. i i v m manv Tiwirns . .' . i r the same during me uay. wne and a . night . . . . t i.. i night he had a dream in wmcn u was ui.uk known to him to return to Scotland. He ati once planned to cscaiK. .which he succeeded in doing and made his way on foot two When he hntnlm1 111 I' ' mi'lC lin..' tfl tl ie sea coast. : arrived there he found a ship ready to sail to having no money he begged the captain be allowed to work his way, but the captain sternly refused. He turned to go back with a sad heart, and praycu wuiwuv iw God to help him. lie had not gone iar wnui he was suddenly called back by the sailors who told him the captain had relented. a great During the voyage he preached deal to the sailors and fcrught them to have faith in God. When they reached land ineyc i in ... a barren waste of counlUUUU UIV.JHOV1 . a imd tn tmvfd for manv davs on toot. food and at one . v.tv.. lilt.) 1 he captain time actually faced starvation wny nc u asked this, boyi prcacner i.1 if the' uiem. U rnlipd upoa Lioa to neip ii. t m ...... thpir'nravers would turn to uie bulu :,vi'fti and ha would be answered. This they did, came across a herd of very same day they without food again. swine, and were never and was Patrick finally reached his home After received with great joy and gladness. God which a few years" he had a vision in f greatNyark-othe to was perform he told him But our hearts best wishes will always be With our own Relief Society. sixteen . -- WlNNIFRKD C. ANNIVERSARY i- . -- - .... 1 1 I I - V ru, o "Roberts. ... u"",. i. v-.- -j He iinmediately converting the Irish. to prepare himseK for this mission. Affer studying hard tor four years he the Pope to set once more about this work. Solie departed tor lrcuinu. lot of bar- He. found the people to be a barians worshiping ,190 is, , hi. He among them day and night. ceasing In imposing lABself to great danger an.. were . S II LllllV hk '"- lahors " i ; . X .I.-.-. 1 L - j - Sketches of the lives of the three guests of honor were given by Mrs. Pearl Daniels Thomas, Mrs. Melissa' Bunnell Williams, and Mrs. Zella Farrer Stubbs. Sisters Daniels. Bunnell and Farrer were each presented with a post card album, and were showered with post cards bearing sentiments of the greatest esteem. The sisters thus honored reKponueu micuy, aim 'umv. in the many incidents of their experience The early days of Relief Society work. musical exercises; in charge ot staKe ncnei were a Society choir director . Mrs. Salt, verv pleasing feature of the program. Stake President Joseph B. Keeler added a few words of appreciation of the labors of Relief Society workers, After the benediction refreshments were served. Mary E. Ash worth, Corresponding .Secretary. nftpn-withou- 1 DAY. Provo. April 3, 1913. The 17th of March anniversary exercises of the Utah Stake 'Relief Society were held in the stake tabernacle, President Martha. ' A. F: Kecler presiding. After" the opening exercises President Keeler delivered a greeting from President Wells: spoke on the past hisEmmelinc tory of the Relief Society, and stated that had been arranged to do honor fhp nrop-rnto Sisters Marilla Daniels, Pexcia Bunnell, and Agnes Farrer. who have labored faithfully for many years in this organization. A vocal solo was rendered by W. D. .11 . Kl.l-KRBKC- 0. " v MARILLA MILLhK jjainiejl. Read by Mrs. Pearl Daniels Thomas. Sister Marilla Miller Daniels was born October 12, 18$). in Haddam, Middlesex 'Aaron Johnson County, Conn. Her father and her mother Zerviah Kelsey, joinedjhe and in the following: spring ties of left their home, associations and all kindred for the gospel sake, traveling over land through central New York to Kirtanci, r.r--- fl (jhio; tnis ucTnii uiv 