WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 76 Woman's Exponent EM3IELINE Ii. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Anutant Editor. .l'ublisbei! itHUtMy'ln Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy all month,.- 50 eta. No reduction tut.de for club. City paper delirered by mail, extra for postage ne year, 25 ct. Advertising rate; Eaeh square, ten lines of time 2.W; per month, $3.f0. A liberal pafone to discount regular advertiser. Exponent office roora28 and 2y, 2nd floor Bishop's Busines hour from Building, 40 North Main Street, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. , Address all business communication to Sirs. E. B. WELLS. - non-pari- Salt Laee City, Utah. Enttrtd at the Pott ti a$coni clan matttr. Offie in Salt lMk$ City. V.ah knowledged Godas their. Savior, in p, giving that we are now to preserve, in .sculptured art the 'miraculous incident we' all the waters of the. Red Sea, is it any w ,i know so well; and I now hav (he pleasure that we, too, attribute to the mercies o. who the of the. devoure coming gulls, .;: and honor to unveil this beautiful monument and enemies, the crickets, permitted a to the cy and admiration of grateful thousands now living, and pi untold thousands tion of our crops to escape the abso' ;C certain destruction they were under- yet to come;" The gulls came, and gorged thcmsclv : Following the unveiliii'g of the monument,, the crickets ; once filled could have givi :. i the sculptor, Mahonri M. Young, was introduced and bowed his acknowledgment to the little relief, for the' number. of cricket-sgreat ; but the gulls disgorged the ui. applause with which he was greeted. Bishop 1847'--1-8 tliev had eaten "and then continued Nibley then invited all the pioneers of to come forward and take seats of honor process until the situation was saved. Brethren and friends, I witnessed thi- near the stand. The Honorable W. W. Riter relate it to you m all truth and soberne. gave a" most interesting account of the hardr ships experienced by the pioneers the first remarks must be limited on this occasi.:. there are others to speak; but let hie :, re two years. Mr. Riter's remarks were as follows ; express the hope ,that this monument .. Brethren ami Friends: We have met on be .1 reminder to those who come after s: this occasion to celebrate, in a modest way, that the same God whose mercies have ,t the unveiling of the monument of the Gull, hovered over his children in times of tl ir the bird that played so important a part in direct distress, still lives, and that he ..v the preservation of the lives of the Pioneers ever be relied upon for relief when all h of 1847 and 1848. It is fitting that the work-- , man succor fails. This recital would be incomplete if manship, or art expression, portrayed in th's bird should be the handiwork of a crrandson not ..refer to a grand character then am of the great leader, Brigham Young, who led us in the person of Uncle-Joh- n Smit:;. these early pioneers yito this then sterile and patriarch, as he then was called a brotur forbidding" country. I doubt if there are any to the prophet's father. He was then an present to whom this event has a greater aged man. His courage and faith newr significance than to me. I was only a boy failed. My father, who was not sustain! of 10 years when the event occurred, which by the faith. many had, suffered extreme we now have met to commemorate. 1 well distress of mind at the perilous remember the gloom, almost despair, that us. Uncle John, seeing fell upon us when the crickets came down an honest man, but lacking faith, buoyed from the hills in such myriads that the him up by prophetic words and promise t ground was nearly covered with them, and relief. I well remember him saying on one attacked with voracious appetites the then occasion, with considerable vehemence: "I too scanty fields of grain, which had been tell you. Brother Riter, all will come out planted with toilsome hands. You will par- - well." These words were a great solace to don me if 1 give you some of my own reme,, for young as I was, I shared the appremembrances in regard to this event, for they hension of disaster that my father did. are the ones most deeply imbedded in my How great the distress that seemed to memory. surely be upon us in case the crickets enMy father. had planted eijrht acres of tirely destroyed our croos. mav better be wheat up there in the Nineteenth rd, on sensed when I tell you that already many, the ground immediately in front of Captain of the people had consumed the scanty supHooper's old residence. It grew fairly well ply of food they had. brought across tin until the crickets came, and then our jrlow- - plains with them the year before, and were a ot was almost turned into then living on thistle roots, pig weed, and crop ing nope in father had a crude dam segos; it was 1,200 mile to the neare-- t despair. My put on the north branch of City Creek, near food supply at St. Joseph, Missouri, and. at where the Udeon now stands, and turned least a year must elapse before food could the water to irrigate his wheat down an old be had from that quarter,, even if we had channel of the creek until it reached his field. had the, money to purchase it, which we h.rd Besides the myriads of crickets which were not. To make matters we knew that worse, already devouring the tender plants, this President Young vas returning here, .fowater brought down myriads of others that llowed by others of our people, who would had come off the hills, and failing to cross have to be fed from our crops but how the --water (for they were a clumsy feed insect) them, if we had no crops? Who can. were washed down into his field. The expicture the peril we 'were in, and, had our tremity was so great he offered Robert crops been consumed, what would ha ve Pierce the contents- of his whole field for been our 'doom ? The fate of the Donner three barrels of flour, reckoning that theie party would have been but a circumstance three barrels of flour would feed his family compared.. with it. There were only 80 of six months, and then we could die. them, and'there were 1,800 of us, to be aug These conditions were the lot of all the mented by 2,500 more, when President then here. I have frmi pioneers Young (who had returned the year be f on thought these events were a striking an-- I to the: .Missouri river) should arrive witn aiogue ro mose rencountered by the Israelthe immigration of that year. Added to thi-- . ites under Moses, when the winter following was one of the coldest shores of the Red Sea. The Egyptians were known '.since our coming here. Can. yon cmier siqe ana Deninci, and the Red Sea wonder that I say, I doubt if any are present in front and death hovering over to whom this event has a greater signifi io i uoci. stretched forth his hand and cance than to me? :., jyien y. his people were saved. Death could have - Some one might pertinently ask: r What seemed scarcely more imminent to those iaz utLuuic ui uiobe cncKeisr iney early pioneers into the deserts of the Sinaitic diminished in .numbers from year to peninsula than to us, on the occasion 1 refer year, and have now disappeared from Utah to As the Children of "Israel, throughout About twenty years ago I saw some in v.. oacK. and ar- - Tooele valley, near Stockton, and about ten iiuduyus, luyKea - o I : : . November, 1913 Salt Lake City, Utah, i i THE MONUMENT TO THE GULLS. . The morning' of October second witnessed one of the prettiest incidents in the history of Utah, the occasion of the unveiling" of the Sea Gull Monument. Long lefore the time stated for the ceremonies, a throng of people had assembled on the Temple Square to witness the unveiling. On a temporary platform were seated the First Presidency and other Church officials, the sculptor Mahonn M. Young, Senator Smoot. and Mrs. Emmcline B. Wells, who had been selected to draw the cords for the unveiling of the monument. Presiding Charles W: was master of Bishop Nibley ceremonies and after a selection by. the Tabernacle Choir introduced Mrs. Wells to 1 . condition-surroundinhe-u:i- -- of quoting, this part of the proceedings from one of the daily papers; it read as fol- lows Short v before eleven o'clock this morning an aged, sweet-face- d woman, whom Bishop C. W. Nibley referred to as a young ladv of '21 years was assisted from the sneakers' stand in the temple grounds, to the soot where were the several ropes which held-two large American flags draped about the monument. Following- - a short but beautiful speech, she pulled gentlv at two of the ropes and one ofthe flags slowly floated to the ground below. The crowd bared their heads and a few seconds later the second flag, fell to the croiind. The woman was Mrs. Kmmelinc B. Wells, beloved president of the Belief Society. Mrs. Wells said she witnessed the devastation of the first crops bv the crickthe storv manv times of ets. She v how the thousands of gulls came to the when the little band of nioneers had almost givea up hone that, the crons woijld be saved. She was a voung girl in those luivs. inu me imiuic u; tut: iuiis nvinir from the Creat S,alt- Lake, and how thv has-4oJ- d val-le- - She further said: "It i a noetic .coincidence.that our idea of national freedom from onpression. and our ideaof state rdeliverance from ...starvation, should be reo-- resented by birds. The. eale. ma jestic monarch of; the air. is represented on shield and coin and tablets of bronze all mn the broad land. The crentle jrull. humbl habitant of the shores of our Great 4Salt Sea. has found a shrine heretofore" only in the grateful .memories of this valley's pioneers and their descendants. My heart swells with thanks mind. i , . g s -- -- - I the-scen- e. -- " , y yiciu-uall- 