...... -- . f. ...... . J , - v - V".. V A FAREWELL. .gcd form h:i,s passed my door, 'ias crossed its threshold o'er and o'er, li messages, of joy ami pain, he will never come again. the Old Year bent in woe head is white, his step is. .slow, ad to .see him, go alone X i! ; It ' . -- 1 he realm o( the unknown. , i nor tear tomorrow. tor - v :w y J Ki,.oy the roses while in bloom, l.t i they be scattered o'er you tomb." I ; " w ? -- I -- i ,lHv smiled at the parting form iing away in the sleet and storm, .rew ell," I sobbed, and my eyes grew dim had prayed to go with him. A ITS. Do LUKES 1 THE RELIEF SOCIETY TEACHER. at the Relief Society Teachers' ." v AV Reunion, Maplcton. )ne day while walking through Greets of a small country village, overtaken by a dear friend whom 1 had Mdi for a long time.. We stopped a 1 the was not few moments to exchange greetings, then walked along together chatting pleasantly, asked. "Whv don't vou when suddenly o:ne and see .me sometimes as you used You haxe no small children now to tie I should think you u to your liome. ""Well," she could visit a little .anyway." ai l. "I should like to. but I'm a Relief ocictv teacher, now and that takes about a!! the time can spare from my home." "Only a Relief Society teacher and no time said. "How large a district do t.. visit?" uu have to oversee?" "My companion and I havx' eight homes to visit," she "But," I said, "you are. only required to visit once a month and you have only a very few pooMo look after, haven't v i?" "Yes, we are only 'required to visit a month, but here is my home, come in and sit and rest a few moments and I u tell you a little of how my time is ' 1 . -- . 1 1 an-v.ere- d.' ii:-.-- upied." Ik'ing comfortably seated in a low rocker fric?id began : "Yes, as you said, we " a: 'only required to make regular visits n o a month, and there are only a very h poor in our district, but you knDw the Swior said, 'Inasmuch as ye have done it to one of these the least, my brethren, v have done it unto me,' so when I was apart as a teacher I. resolved to try and su where my assistance .was most neeciea, an what good I might do. The first' thing , J :id was to read the instnictions given by , t! Prophet Joseph Smith at the first organ-- 'iz; ion of this Society, so that I might un(U; stand .the object he had in creating si; li an organization. : I found that he said tl: sisters could provoke the brethren to d works,' look after the needs of the poor . m cor-r- e u. perform charitable acts; assist ;th& ing the morals" and strengthening vi acs of the community, and putting dovn ini .uitv,; visit the sick and distressed, laying them , hat idsirr them, and administering to ' if tliev so desired exercising inercy .tQv "Avaals jEKoie whosiri, letting kindness,' cha-lt- v and nir&- i'mwn their wdrks. : for this lj ;ietv .was not only i0 ave souls also. u- - ' . ; - -- than it did the one in trouble. "AinSfier in my beat was a young woman who had only been married a short time. I knew through circumstances she could not avoid she had not had a chance to Income very well prepared for the duties of married; life, or. in other words, of housekeepwould so I thought ing and or 1 immediately followed. and prayerful." humble By being then prayed earnestly for wisdom, the requirement Trength and time to which might be made of me. or wa "1 im-e- t l MrJ - discouraged. Her fruit bottles would' break, the fruit boil over, the preserves burn, etc., and she was almost beginning to think housekeeping was an imjossibility. asked me a few questions which I answered as well as could, and kindly gave her a few timely suggestions. 'Then after telling her I would willingly assist her whenever she desired it. went homo leaving her feeling much better than when called. "Tins'" required six afternoons, and three nights of my time, hi one month, and then She-sot)!- ! 1 I 1 could see so much more would like to do. that felt that had only done a small part of my duty, and with only eight families nt in my beat." When she had finished her story I asked, "And what recompense do you get for all this?" She said again, "Inasmuch as ye did it unto the least, ye did it also unto me," and we are laying up treasures in heaven where moth nor dust can neither corrupt nor thieves break through and steal. Thcrejs where we expect to get our reward." soon left her feeling that 1? too, would strive to have something laid up for the hereafter, and never again would 1 be heard .to say, "Only a Relief Society teacher." Kow, my sisters, this is not an overdrawn "We resolved to try and make our conversations as pleasant as possible; to carefully avoid all criticisms; to tell them a 1 picture, these, or similar circumstances, are around you almost every day. It is fur you to see them. to-dec- - - - . f0 goandseehenoHote to drop interfering, butjf possible, nor ive encouragement, one word of comfort and. did me as much, that that visit andTbheve V . 'To visit the sick, to en- the courage the dowmhearted. to relieve poor, to uplift the fallen, to discourage and jealousy, to encourmalice, cultivate age virtue, purity and honesty; to and encourage the spirit of love, charity and union; and assist in rolling on this great work among the. mothers and in the homes under your watchcare. The'.resonsihility is yours, and it rests with vou, as teachers, how well you accept and perform it. Tpon you it depends, to if a great extent, what the meetings are, that the they are well attended and who spirit will, come, prevails in them; for those the to a certain extent, bring with"' them spirit of tlie home they leave. been placed over this The officers have ' but by those Society, not by thefnselves,, whose .right holding the Holy Priesthood, if they are doing their duty it is and are worthy of that position ; and it is each the privilege of the presiding officers- of association,, through faith and humility, to... discern "the spirit by which every one is office under their working that holds an direction. ', . ... as in position your You are placed rethese to presiding officers. Your theirs. Qn you, sponsibility is as great, as is want and sxiffe there, also it' depends-ithe poor, and among theiin fortunate, You are riot only teachers, but.' the peace, comfort angels of mercy, ministering and and consolation to the brokenhearted and There bereaved ; dropping a word here the hearts of the afflicted that ,Uohe world brighter and better for . back-bitin- . nun ici few days after this a youngmeasles. She several children stricken .with then, was almost, worn out with watchmg 1 had no ill. for one or two were very disease so 1 small children to take the to partly rethree nights her stayed jvith lieve her of so much care.of my friends who Again, I heard of one had awayward tender teel into 'their home. I knew 1 I k. -- 1 1 to-do- little of what we were doing, and kindly invite them to the meetings, and limit the length of our visits to the circumstances we found prevailing in the home w hich' we After a few visits we felt were visiting. that we were accomplishing our. desires, and now they all treat us very nicely. "And now, just to' show you how our time was taken up. I will tell you what we did in one month.- - We made our regular visit which took one long afternoon. We went conto the regular meeting to report the dition of our district, so that the Presidency should know their circumstances: for we know it would be impossible for the presito keep dency to visit all the teachers even, the people, d hat ni touch with the needs of a was another afternoon. Then there was the mother had family of children where w intry days been 'taken awav. The cold clothwere coming on and their quilts and so we spent another ing needed repairing, afternoon, helping with that. the "Then there was a social given for abundbenefit of the Ward House and an was divided ance of picnic was left. This and next among the Relief Society teachers, he the aged dav we visited the sick, and widows and the orphans, wc thought fhp thimrso which among oiiiii's- suitable and pleasing. A would be the most 1 ; g call and give her a chance to ask my advice if she needed any. I found Ikt very much only a weak mortal, subject l faults ami c to imperfection's, but with an earnest .serve my Heavenly l ather. "Well, my Companion was a younger woman than mselt. with several small children, which made it difficult for her to get away; but one, bright day I called for her, helped her put away her dinner dishes, and after having a tew words of secret prayer, we started out. "( )ur first calls seemed very successful and we felt quite encouraged. We received "liberal donations and kind invitations to call again. Hut soon we found that some wv'e quite so pleased to see Us and it was almost intimated that we were beggars. Oh, We how we felt. What were we must not miss them, that would never do. unless they required it. We must continue our visits, but find some way to overcome that coldness. We must show to them by our actions, by the spirit we possessed, and by our conversation, that we have their welfare at heart, and not merely their pock-vtboo- more-- good home-makin- 1 dc-ir- i mi him with leaves of sacred holly, reverence, not for folly, ), e he was young, a bright New Year, Hi., age has brought the wintry tear. lr u well loved child of. Sorrow : 1 "After reading the instructions carefully, thought. Oh, what a great responsibility J How can meet it ? And then the thought 1 g, ide . help-mee- ts r-i- mr . a-cd- . you havihPeen ,. HolIT, . 