0 w G7 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1 through her veins. V'ivcr ran "1 was The voung niei; were tnot favorablv :d- - ,4 persuaded to leave it once, hut my ..id anel stood, by and saved me; and ,lly, dear, ood gin, sne neipeu me to ucar all I came here a bride from the cjuirch ' im- - with the new' 'doctrine, and had tailed to Alice a! lit the everlasting (iolel. ut none of ti'ein ;h' et had heen aj.ti.ed. '1 hey ui nie Hi- ailing or wh were i: rtlv to pav Hum a vi it .ir, with showers of Icongratulation. der, was;' with my and preach to tlu peojle in that Vicinit.-:l'hhat a wretched creature ' " Mornii m'" ICldei's soun came t' fating" heart and. my broken vows, and ;m yri W aherell. who a a man yi -hicy I did not even dare to think what a hall of ainiiler:iblc iniluence. tried to niild become of him. I was young then, t ir nuetinghoiisc r them to preach in: hut very oung to be an 'old man's, bride; lie met with man) obstacles in hi elloit-tha- t Hid he, knew 1 did ot love him, but he was he had not pn ;iouly anticipate 4 ; jea!-ouver kind, too kind,' and he left all his wealth and tradition were rife in the hearts mc oniy I jmist not marry Sidney it is, in his will, and it was read of thoe who were opjxised, and the gtM.l decided that the meetings h.ull man at hat day, when all the family were there. he Meadows." What a reproach to me, and how they all be at his ,(n place. '"The house was large and rouiny and' lie had e- Mared until I fainted; 1 mut not marry to uiLTtain as his guests, tno-- e who heart pecteil No, my though Sidney Manning. .u would come to preach and napuzc. should break; not because of the money t!ie people in the neighborhood were cordial- it has Vet I the for care do money? uhat lc invited, and mauv came to the meetings. been a blessing to my brother's children, who were converts were baptized left orphaned and destitute." and Esther and some after two days meetings had Danforth sank upon her knees, there alone and confirmed, leen held. in the pale moonlight, beseeching heaven who were baptized were, ,,,,.t,n- f In And her footsteps. herjirayer Mr. and .Mrs. Wcthert 11. Mrs. Danforth and tj guide was answered. i.... M .v.vir.l iu, tb.- tbree sons and tour and two days occupied The journey "'1 he daughters of the Inst and luMcss of times of steam the not were those for nights Meadow s.' There were eight others nap sec-en- d and rapid transit. At the close of the riml iii:inv more believing. It dav, they reached their destination. Among the latter was a young man wnoin al- was a brightclear, moonlight night, and the Miss Alice greatlv admired, and he had out stretched elms, great readv shown her some marked aueuiiou. Their branches, as if to welcome and shelter resolve to marry some honot bigher and and them. The greetings were affectionate, a m a tair way i nnu..-men- t fellow hearted the reception Alice was quite delighted with fe was of tine figure, large and wellcorand she received; it was so genuine and his education nau proportioned, and Jn tired glad were travelers dial. The he wasji farm- even though been neglected, as they go rather early to bed, especially son and had hved among me er' counin the were were aware that, as 'they hills. He rather atmiliel mi Ingland rise to early. ne na. nou try they would be expected there Alice one dav by telling hir with Alice; Time passed quickly it! r.oston: hut she recovered herseii and new pleasant, was so much that was and replied, she was glad of it not (.uicklv vied cousins, hut and three voung men, her but that she was proiid of Hoston. tK), fresh surprises with each other in planning him better as he was ; Jv,. lil-rfor her amusement. she ever thought she could like than better Aunt Esther was visiting in a. quiet way the young men she had iucl ai me of any so been from whom she had tiii ire-sv- .t - - 1 1 -- ) ' 1 1 g-- t i" v Man-ulnjr-tlu- Tc 1 i- -t i 1 i - . - ti-.- wide-spreadi- d ng 1 Iw-e.- d SUlliV-iiO- .... .. 1 -- o-la- 1 . i u . -- jeO$eielUeirtoher; husband. . . ' s , therefore, he it Re solved, That we express tt the bereaved family,' who have lost a kind and affectionate wife and mother, our sincere and heartfelt sympathy and condolence, and further Resolved, That as an expression of our love ami esteem, these resolutions be spread on ur. minutes; a ce)py'thereof.presented to tli- - family, and to the for publication. Signed Was : v capital. . ( TO BF. eu 1 t r.i'. - ; re n Woman's Kxi-oskn- t Stakk Rki.ikk Sociktv. CLASS IN OBSTETRICS AND NURSING. Dr Kllis R. Shipp has announced the in obstetrics ami nursoi.emng of her class This is the tlurty-fo'urt- h ing for Mondav, Oct. (. which we annual anuouuceuient, by in can feadilv see that- - much experience makes one most teaching along these lines efficient. been most )r miipp classes have always from popular and. hundreds of graduates bcr classes are now successful1 practitioners I here is in different parts of the country. alwavs a need of good midwives and nurses, and the especiallv in newlv settled districts, fact that Dr. Shifts graduates are whom ine.l bv the state medical board, from is, sufficient thev receive jlieir certificates, ' ! guarantee of their ntness of 1913-1- 4 will Ve trust the class olbn- W equallv as successful as heretofore. - I DREAMED A DREAM. i ; with her sister, things long separated; there were many to tell each other, and it was nearing Christbe given in mas, and a grand party was to honor of Mrs. Danforth and her niece Aunt Jane, as Mrs; Wetherell was called, and Al- was half sister only to Aunt lather older, bhe onri vvn? snnic vears v IdlU'-i- , ami J 11C S tiUr.r was a verv estimable woman, and religious Bible and in her nature; had studied the r,n'rtrr1-ipnrits meaninsr. Ur late her pathway , a new ugtH nn,i ctmwn across, t ie with so impressed" been and she had r u:u rimp that- she divine source ironi.-- vyu f,,1 and nrnveriul ex- J. was maKing a utwui had she received, . t frhincrs fi,0 . vv. 0 lilllTIll 1)11 Ul to herwitn came who from the messengers v, tidings, Tier nusDanu "fng the doctrine too and ere long they tin thev enter, r ?, ...'. TTcfii thr view ioiaea io num she tamed. Contrary to" their expectation, mnre .lm seemed to grasp these new uuuo. had done, and it ...was a quickly than they: was confirmation to them, that the doctrine . ia. ttoiii ncdvf . UnA into the country (rrniP r?u help- irom a wnn uiwu place , was humble a ... w-- ,1pp1v y ... one aoove, anu-bneavu:to.rece.ve she, , that she was ready preacnv needed ... crpp .wV trutns; in iau, so clear on the sib called from our'inidst by the hand of death, Alexander, and our beloved sister, ms Whereas. Ve reci.gnize in .Sister Alexan-de- r a faithful. 'efficient and consistent' Relief Society worker, and that in her departure, not onlv our organization but the entire community .has sustained a severe loss; reamed a dream of love And O 'twas wondrous fair , (dad sunlight from above-Was glinting everywhere, And in that fairy land. Wherein dwelt love with mc. Was faith- and trust above, No thought of treachery. 1 1 ' - i Mv lover was the king, Beside him, I, his queen; OBITUARY. nnder. of the Relief .nt.;(i,nrv of Wasatch stake, has inends been taken from the midst of loving She was and family by the hand of death ; tor ner gemie um crreatly-honore' missed. uature and will be sadly ? . Ax. wne oi Lovisa Alexander, of Heber. and daughter of George U uu natcrvwas Snyder VV ramento, Lahiorma, on M married she On December 26, 1871, Alexander in Salt Lake uuy, where the couple moved to Wasatch county, the have resided continuously to tte mother rne. Mrs.' Alexander ws often children, six of whom;are saving. the Relief Society She was one-odency in the .stake" interest in alwaystopk an active and-Sara- h yyja., 1 ?t f affairs.' 1 .ft-a- u ' 7 : - KWixu officers of e Resolutions adopted by the of the RESOLUTIONS Ol- Stake Relief Society organization )f Sister Wasatch stake of 2ion, in honor . , ovisa Alexander: T O cendel there anything More beautiful have - been? For all the world was- love. And all the world wn fair; Like cooings of a dove, The whispering breezes there. ( But O, the dream hath fled! Awakening sense of pain, Has brought me loss instead Of love's' own sweet refrain, face My boyish lover's older grown; Is stern and And scarcely can I trace, The lovelight on my own. It is the serpent's trail, .That once o'er Eden leu; "Turned love songs to a wail. And bifoke the fairy spell. . "come and go. 0 years'that me, Bring back my love to. Ye breezes soft and low, , Tell of my constancy. Let" not the poisoned dart Cast by that cfu'el hand, Still rankle in his heart, . Inwdiouily tliougn vears. r mur thp We boy and girl are still, heartaches-tea- rs, Forget the our lives o er till. l et : ' lov Lydia D 'Alder, i..u ian, . 