Woman's Exponent t EZIMEL1NE li. ANNIE WELLS . , VUJZ Editor and Publisher CASON.jlsiittonJhMur. " "on-parl- Salt Lke CfTY, Enttrtd at the Poit Office in ut itcottd flan matttr. tah. Salkt City. Iah June, 1918 Salt Lake City, Utah, GENERAL I el RELIEF SOCIETY CON- FERENCE. SECOND DAY. MORNING SESSION. Singing, "Praise Yc the Lord." Prayer, Mrs. Clarissa S. Williams. Singing, "Guide Us, O Thou Great Jehovah." It was announced by President Wells that the morning session of the conference would he devoted to genealogical work, a subject Saints. that at once appeals to all Latter-da- y Some work has already been done along this line in our societies, and it is to be hoped that the- interest will grow and spread all ' over the Church. Mrs. Elizabeth C McCune was intro-- , duced as the first speaker, her subject being "What the Genealogical Society Has Done." Mrs. McCune stated that, new effort was being put forth by the Genealogical Society to interest people in genealogical work and salvation for the dead ; that when President Wells was approached on the subject she heartily endorsed the effort and promised the support of the Relief Society in the undertaking. We are delighted that so many younger people are interested in the Work and are anxious to assist. The Genealogical Society has expended thousands of dollars for valuable books, and every cent taken for membership fees is expended on the library. The Society is anxious to obtain valuable books as rapidly as "possible for the great benefit of its members. Since" the time the prophet Elij ah appeared to Joseph Smith and delivered the keys of salvation dead, the people of the whole world have awakened to the necessity of gathering family records and thousands of people, ..regardless of denomination, are now engaged in genealOgicaL work ; many societies have been formed whose agents are traveling far and near in search of data. This interest is the result of the influence of God, and people of other faiths who are collecting: records are doing it for the, benefit of the Latter-da- y Saints, although they do not know it. The members of the "Mormon" Church themselves are among the slowest to take up this work, and there are many of the Temple who'have done not Temple work - for their - own parents. ' Genealogical work' has been taken up very successfully in connection with the Relief Society in several stakes, beginning, with - , for-th- : the-shado- ' . . that a temple was to be built-iCanada, stated that temples will be built just as as we discharge the obligations resting in us with regard to these matters,. 'This u belongs to God, but it rests on "the should of the individual members of the Chi:' and can progress no faster than the i:. viduals themselves permit." Counselor Julina L. Smith continued subject pf salvation for the dead, and that many people were inspired and he!; in this direction by communication with pirit world in the form of dreams and manifestations. The speaker related sev instances to prove this assertion. She fcrred- to the manner of laying away dead and hoped that all would be won' of. the clothes placed upon them. Singing, "Praise God From Whom Y Blessings Flow." Closing prayer, Mrs. Elizabeth S, Wilr : i ' . l'ublished monthly In Salt Lake City, Utah: Term: uue copy one year, fl.OO; one copy nil mntl., Met. dlivered-bNo reduction made for clubs. City pap-mail, extra for postage on year, 25 ct. Uih-of Advertising rates: Each nquare, ten A liberal spc one time '50; pr month, f3.60 discount to relar advertisers. s Exponent office rooms 28 and 2i, 2nd floor Hishop from hours Building, 40 North Main Street, Bushier 10 a. m. to 5"p. m., every day, eicpt Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, h Ogden, and we hope other stakes will follow their example. , Mrs. McCune closed by stating that the President of the Church, has assured the Genealogical Society that the next building to be erected by the.'Chiirqh will be a library for its records. Rejorts were made of the genealogical work done in the following stakes:, Utah, Davis, Jordan", and Ensign. Mrs Martha I. Keelcr. rejorted for Utah Stake, savinir that the presidency of the .stake had'called two women, from each ward to take the course of genealogical lessons, 'and then conduct classes where many had been interested in the work' of the society. Some of the wards, she said, maintained temple funds, and Provo Fourth ward kept a Temple worker in commission practically all the time. The Utah Stake has subscribed for the-- Genealogical Magazine, and many members of the stake have taken out life memberships in the Genealogical Society. Mrs. Emma Strong, reporting for Davis Stake, said that the genealogical work was taken up by the Relief Society soon after last October conference. Classes had been organized in Kaysville, Farmington, East Bountiful, and Centcrvillc, and although work had been practically suspended during the winter months, it would be resumed soon, as the societies cre greatly interested and very enthusiastic. Mrs.. Hilda Larson, president of Jordan Stake Relief Society, said that two classes organized last fall had held successful meetings, and that .the work would be resumed immediately after the present conference. Mrs. Cecelia Sharp Barker, of Ensign Stake, told of the work done in this stake, wherein many members of the Relief Society and the Mutual Improvement Associa tions had been enrolled m the genealogical classes held in the Bishops Building. Mrs. 'gave examples of the necessity for careful and systematic work along genea- logical line's and she urged full . ; in the work. Two violin solOs were given by Prof. Wil-larWeihc, accompanied by Prof. John J. j ; - AFTERNOON SESSION. Singing, "Come, Come Ye Saints." Ope-in- g prayer, Mrs. Alvira Cox. Solo, "il Shining Light," by Hugh Dougall. The officers and members of the Geiu Board of Relief Society were then presents! by the Assistant Secretary and were unanimously. President Wells expressed regret that President Smith was unable to attend the afternoon meeting, but hoped- that some e member of the Quorum of the sent in his place. In the meantime members of the Board would make brief addresses. Counselor Clarissa S. Williams spoke briefly, outlining the addresses of the previous speakers, in the" conference, dwelling especially oh' the sanitation movement, and urging the women of the Society to take the lead in their respective communities in proving sanitary conditions. She mentioned the necessity of understanding health pn lems in order to preserve bodily strength and to prevent disease. Typhoid and otlur diseases which so heavilv draw 6n the the race can be kept down by proper care in the honie. She heartily endorsed the work of tlu redemption for the dead and hoped that :lii would be brought to realize the beauty of the doctrines of the Latter-da- y Saints and every effort to help those who are not .v s;i-tain- cd - Apostle-would-b- i co-operati- on . mi-Bark- lit-o- f McClcllan. Mrs. Lizzie Thomas Edward sang "O Dry ThoscTears," and was accompanied )y and McClellan. Mrs. S.iisa Y. Gates spoke on the subject, "How the, Genealogical Work Can be Utilized by the Relief Society." "There are blessed. two ways by which the genealogical work Mrs. Prjscilla P. suggested th.it can be, secured: First, by the officers of J the members of theJennings should conn: Society the Relief Society writing directly to the their blessings and', include among the e hoard of the Genealogical Society; or, secblessings the fact that they are living in the work the ond, by obtaining through day and age where,' clean and pleasant sin stake presidentsxas was the case in Ensign are available Tor all. She urgr-Stake. Eventually the Genealogical Society groundings the members to assist in the campaign i r will take up the matter through correspondcieaner nomes and surroundings, asKing,.- ence with every stake in the Church and to. try to make conditions! under which tin ask that ' work 1)c taken up. live actually hygienic. She said that mor "It is to be hoped that some day there sympathy should exist between parents an. win oe tempies in every stake, but vharcan ' children and that they should be closer coi .t.-- ! . 1. '1 be done in these temples without genealog.1....tJ uc wut, ennaren aisu inai snouiu pauioub, ical information, wliich lies at the Very root while small, of the work to be done? Much time is Mrs. JennieA. Hyde recounted her e wasted in Our temples today by. people comperiences as a member of the General Board with records.n ing incomplete in visiting, the various stakes, referring Mrs. Gates briefly reviewed the work done one in Arizona where the w6meri had con m the various stakes and in the B. Y. Uni She stated that these Utah Smith versity at Provo. fA ctni wherp the S xlasses are. at the disposal and command of ; ciety had' realized from the sa c $3,700.00 ' the stakes, antHeachersare ready and will- - of still another stake "Sunday eggs ing to give theormation. She rejoiced where the Relief had collected and ' 1 Pro-fe-ssorsAVe- ihe -- . - I i 1 1 r " - -- I ;'-a- nd Society -- 