53 r icft by. the women, not only in suffrage states, but in other states as well, and legis- - and hoped that in the future the women of the Relief Society will interest thejn.elves v. all questions 1(f vcial L gelation. and avail theni-elve- of the oppnituni ties they have to help' bring about important and needed reforms. Announcements wej made and the mou elon d with .singing. "( ) Ye Mountains High," and prayer by Mrs. Sarah Jenne Cannon. lative work has been greatly inilucnccd by them indirectly by the intelligent interest n they have manilested m public ami. as this, interyst has grown, wonu-- have had less time for novel reading and frivolous amusements. There have been women in our State legislature from time .to time, and in the session just closed we had three women in the louse of Representatives, all deeply interested in such legislation as would help to uplift" and benefit humanity. Some of the social legislation worked for was --vured. and while some failed, it was only tlu beginning of a campaign for better things which will be ultimately successful. When it was recommended that the Juvenile Court be done away with because it was only partially effective, the women rose to the occasion; they were on the alert and efforts the .subject was reconhrouglv-their sidered ; and as the result the State of tali has one of the best Juvenile Court laws in the world today. Another measure for which we are all pleased is the minimum wage for women. I'tah is the first state to establish this law The feast wage that can now be paid a girl cents apprentice over sixteen, is seventy-fiva (lay, or $4.50 per week. Much was said against this law by paid lobbyists, and it wa predicted that it would kill home industry. Tliis same prediction was made two years r law, but ago with regard to the no evil result has so far been seen. The State Vice Commission in Chicago has been discussing this same question and trying to sift.it to the Iwttom. They have found that women do not receive a living wage and girls sell their souls to live. They feel that the question is beyond them and have apconpealed to President Wilson to call a ue-tu- ; rij:k.oo. Dr. Brown Kwing. nerve specialist, was he next speaker. lis. address in full r appears. in' this paper. At the ciosi' uf 'each lecture mutions weie asketl fn n the btdy if the house and we're answered' by the"speakers respectively. V Migregati-siul;. "Cmuc, Come Ye 1 ! ! Saints.' Ten Thousand e on nine-hou- gress of governors to settle the question. All thinking people may .know that somethe thing is materially wrong when 95'; of to profits in a manufacturing business goes the manufacturer himself and only ?' goes to the workers the people who make the rend at (ieneta! Re lief Society Conference. Inn a member t your committee asked confess tor this was at a loss to know just what ground to cover and just what w' uld be the most useful. As my work has been, for so many vears. entirely along nuntal and nervous lines I naturally take up that ph.e of the subject. It ha-- nj'tcn Itch said that "the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world." The is a child with to begin proper way to train its grandparents. The problems of caring tit for the and the unlit are entirely separate and distinct. The education of children is a vast problem that has not been fully worked 1 u . BOKN AND UNBORN. n.v '. y President Wells announced thattbe afur-noiisesion would be devoted to public health problems. The speaker-- . are all specialists in their lines and will no doubt give very valuable information and instruction. Mis. Alice M. Home introduced the" speakers and their Mtbject. The first speaker was" Dr. S. 11. Paul. of Salt Lake Tin. Health ,t V.mmisA-iune- r vh took for his theme, "Saving the and the Value of Milk Depots." Dr. Paul said he was especially pleased to be able to talk to such a large audience, because, to a great extent the efficiency ot the health department depended upon the nn of the public. dcrtanding and had atMany things the health authorities tempted, he said, had failed partially at lirt because the reasons atihicecssity for certain rules and regulations were not understood. In illustrating this. Dr. Paid referred to conbeditions of the city's milk supply; which fore the enactment ami enforcement oi the At preseiit regulations were deplorable. first, he said, there was ikaik'd opposition from milk producers, but more recently, of producers and disthrough tributors. Salt Lake's milk supply compared favorablv with that of other cities. Dr. Paul spoke of the concerted attempts of other cities to lower the rate of infant mortalitv. In, some cities he said that one infant in five died before reaching one year Lake of a'-c- . and although conditions in Salt at least wen: vastlv better than the average, were from 75; of the deaths of infants ailments preventable through proper tecding. milk unht and a large proportion were from I aid said reached the home. Dr. before-i- t that it was the purpose of the health department to establish a milk depot where proper and. to milk could be furnisjied for infants, trained nurses to instruct mothers cno-ag"the care and preparation of food for in- L A. Kmpey. (To be continued.) THE CHILD blowers." . -t- Her with pi. iir. Mis. g sMssio.v. At 2 p. m. the conference was resumed. The congregation, .sang "Hail to the lightness of Ziou's (Had .Morning." Prayer. Dr. Romania P. Penrose. Sing "Paith lo-in- ( I ing. AY. ; out.. Lnvirt intiM ut. good ur bad, has influence on the future .mental welfare of the child. Put no surroundings however go.jd thev mav be. w ill compensate, in any degree, fur a bad heredity and a vitiated nerve cell formation, lie who disregards nature's laws will surely pa the ocualtv sooner or later. Like w ill produce like, just' as surely as night follows day. m the palace of the king or the hovel of the ad-iiat- e . paujH-r- If we remember tint genius is essentially abnormal, and direct the teaching along general lines rather than toward fostering any spicial bent, we will surely more nearly reach the desired goal. Vet how often we find tlie opposite course persisted in and the precocious child encouraged; along the one d line of his peculiar aptitude a ami the abnormal brain development strengthened rather than retarded. No amount of cultivation w ill give good growth when the nerve cells are few and ' ; but careful culture can. do much when there are those with strong inherent impulses toward development. On neurological grounds, therefore", nurture is tq be considered of much less importance than nature, and' in. that sense the capacities that we most admire in persons worthy of re- -' mark are certainly inborn rather than made ( Donaldson ). To be efficacious, physical and mental training should go hand in hand, so that the mentality may not be hamWould you pered bv a weak body. wish" a child to become an accomplished musician .or alightrring calculator :and ' in the ordinary yet need a guardian affairs of life? From such material are the and criminal classes. world's feeble-minde- d one-side- ten-den- cv business and put their whole lives into the work. It is a great satisfaction to know that a woman deputy is to be appointed in the State Stadepartment of" Immigration, Labor and tistics, and this seems highly appropriate of the employees in the state, since 99 railroadaside-fromining, smelting, and ing, are women. We are extremely proud of the widowed ormwl nf the men IlJUUlCi o pension inr law, cinvi J.",... in and women who helped to bring it about. fants. : ; tUnit r tnn for the state to help he tor milk intants, 11 13111UV.1I Lvin.i( lu"r proper In providing, allow 4he mother care for her little ones and first requirement was to get good the said, have to ami her to train them when young than of proper chemical composition milk them in after it in later years perhaps to support next to see that it was kept, pure penal institutions. was delivered to the home. another children is of. Morris gave a vocal Emma Equal guardianship Ramsey Mrs efforts the -and good law accomplished through sob. Fear Not Ye, 0 Israel," e Saints Come of the women. request sang "Come, school of the introduced by measures physical Several good Prof Jakob Bolin of the bill the pro. them . hen. recruited. LtaV of women failed, arid among of the University education distinct and is a dor-., -child separate, FAerv a girls and instructive talk on viding for the establishment of This entertaining an ve that will strengthen,, treatment the The is problem. University. the. explaining State at posture, anmitory a the one nervous system mav utterly ruin riouVeffit carnage of first thiiigMhe women of the State in improper obserhe of other; and onlv by careful study and wjuch, improper exercises by united body have asked for, and because e ouUule ami describing corrected. vation can you decide what course to. pur-cuthe great need of such a home for be Children like or dislike intuitively and' keen regret that the women live in a of Lserted matter is it a. that many a girls of caretheir confidence mav be secured op lost in because invalidism measure failed. constant n' st.ate of can see moment's time. . Their confidence may be In the face of all these things we this respect. the home, lessness in beyond a have sphere women that e ii-w- l - . - . ; hy-ci- al -- ' .. -- ' -- . - e - 