WOMAN'S' EXPONENT, 50 he found Here then, but Aunt' Harriet resourceful,; many' calls "were made of the Keliei Society to. .assist .'bunaing up. ur commonwealth. Aunt Harriet made chicken raising a "stud v." When the tall for the ' fin-Tabernacle in Brigham City carwe, iie inspired the members of the- .Society to gather Suhdav.eggs for a certain period of time, and a tine sum in hard cash was rea- lized, which was quite an item in those day . . j : -- y, j n p. . sible. Although" much as was pos- sc a re e . o was mofl e y - throrrgh the "Society- j to emigrate a number of people several But families frowfl England anl others. very little ifsinV of this money ever' was returned. She was prompt in filling every call, , never shirking work. The following incident will serve as an example. On Julv 24th." 1875. the United Order held a Grand f 'air.' Every interested man and woman was busy in. agisting' with preparations. The 'committee called on the" "Relief Society to make thirteen tlags the Stars and Stripes one; for each department of Home Indus- trv, and one extra large for the Courthouse.' The request was made just a couple of days before the 24th, but Aunt Harriet-waequal to the occasion. She gathered several sew- ing machines to, her house.' requested a number qf the best needle women to come and work', and proudly they turned out' the full "number just in time for the great celebra- . timi. ;; . B. AVells met In' 1876. with the. Society in Brigham Gty, Mai nd-she. came to explain' the calf- from President ttngharn Young, thaC theRelief Societies should 'gainer and store wheat, this wonderful call urt Harriet took iip. with her whoit soul, full 'of energy and determination she Ird the sisters. into the fields to glean wheat like Rfitlr of old, thi's was the beginning of this, vgrk, but little1 'by little the members gathered; means rfor buying wheat.7." In the htgin'ning it'1 was' kept in ' the baeTnent found Impracti--cSUys- p Coairt;ffoue,' Aunt- - l.amVt-manage- r -- ' v ... . r Sifter-Emrri'elin- . e - -2- - ' . of-'th- this.;-was- ; Aunt Harriet gave one-- of-he- r up;, stair rooms to keep wlicat'frrurit.iTa granary could be. built. She1 planned '!and!'Avorkef iTanlfqr W. graharV: fSfiij- asked fall ""children tb'l bring" to her1 all fhe glass Jpiecesf" tney cbnldnfmd "these ysfrP crushed : "herself,! and had ft 'tni'e4'Tnto5tjkmprf 3used' in build-- j ; buTclmg-nva- ; Kyfhfs - tljQ!njst'g in njv. Liunt., uii ony niv, ju iu jee a i c ner ueaui.ff4.one5. was iiiiu iue -- inoi uciureI ...,, .ffi.-t h?... rt ,r into t a site biajve became-Preside- nt the-Stak- e d chil-dren-iMh- capacity, r.iarcj3 ism, of the Relief Societv ' ?4 d' -; ihMv'i self-sustaini- ng . ; ers . e -- e, eiV Aunt; Harriet was yery; conscientious, always;, duty, first, in" fact, her, husband s trib'President y;earP1)8fof eweVef , ute that he paid her .the last Relief Soci-et- y i$f Briaiam-YounlleIhe Relief So lipon meeting he'attehded before leaving for of 'B8x'5EUle-Staker- - Tab-errjacl- . -- always wore homemade clothing as far could, be had, continually urging the sit r, and p"atronize'homc industry, not follow the fashions of the .vo:M. The' following incident may show her int: rity to principle even in small things. H bright summer day she traveled with a nt:: of her board to visit a near by settlement. Aunt Harriet wore a new dress, .t.f. fectly plain, princess cut, but instead of the old fasltioned invisible pocket, her daughter had put on a new mode, a placket poH: t. At the meeting the local president reports! her ward and spoke very forcibly on the follies of fashion, amongother things, he r said : ''Brigham City lies on a hill and it ought to be'a light to' the whole Stake." Naturally the Stake officers present wandered if any of them had offended in some way, o returning home m their big three seated wagon, being all women. Counselor Mary the teamster, they began to criticize each other's dress like happy scht children determined to find the culprit ; with much merriment they accused each other, until one declared it must be Aunt Harriet's new pocket, and there she sat, never saying one word but her shoulders snaking wifi suppressed laughter and her eyes twinkling with amusement. (Let me state here, that I have never heard Aunt Harriet laugh loud, but always a silent laugh, so to speak.) Next morning the same company went to Dear River City, arriving at the president's home, removing their dust coats, helping each other with little tidy-u- p touches, suddenly they all stood transfixed looking at Aunt Harriet for lo! she had picked off the modern pocket and inserted an old fashioned one in its stead, blessed Saint as she was, always telling us, that example speaks louder than precept. She enjoyed the company of the young, and attended the Young Ladies' and Primary meetings constantly. In looking backward through the long vista of years, it seems impossible to, give labors, a perfect sketch of her many-side- d spiritually and temporally, she. firmly believed and carried out the instructions of tne Prophet Joseph, to the .Keiiet society, that they should strive: to "save., souls and provoke the brethren to gdpl IWqrks. The many peculiar calls that came'to "ouf women in her time, she always accepted and magnified her calling, loyal' anditrue to- netpeers. Her, intimate associates 'at headquarters were Sisters Eliza R. Snow Ziha D. H. Wood- Emmeline BI AVeUs; Phoebe Young, TUT rr i r r rurr, m. lsaoeiia norne, these iMrlprs in wnmanVkvnrL' nftfm'visite and enjoyed the progress of home industries in Box Elder County. cf :v AShe was a true; thother j tsraeljalvys ' wining and ready htox g She was sent; for a great deal, because the sisters loved heir; andhef r admihitnition in the sacred ordinances because; of; her sub- to-b- e . ; n-i- rt-i- tastes and habits, modest, unassuming. dustrious. Her very presence inspired V;pect and confidence in old and young. not-hav- - substaritiaT- fcodlfock; xornlet e& nr 18S0: ;Thisr was s anything needful, during their schooling. She was a mother to these and raised mean-t- o e pay the tuition for those who did the means on hand, she also bought a number of books as. a medical library for their benefit in their work, When the call for raising silk came, she took up the work in earnest, herself raising cocoons.. She called upon ward societies to buy land and plant mul!erry trees. For some years this industry prospered, the three wards in Brigham .City also the Villard association had splendid mullerry tree groves. Aunt Harriet, although along in years, would hitch up a horse and buggy and drive to the groves for loads of leaver for her "silk worms. IrMftrJunc 11th and 12th a conjoint Fair was held' in" the Court House, by the Relief Society and V; L. M. I. Association, the "Relief Society had a splendid exhibit of sericulture, including seven' silk dresses, four silver grey, three changeable royal purple, big skeins of beautiful. reeled silk, many cocoons, twilled silk cloth, crocheted ladies mitts, bright colored netted neckties. skeins of sewing' silk, also the waste from the silk worked together with wool, showing what could be done in this useful industry. When the Deseret Hospital was erected. July 17th 1882, Aunt Harriet raised liberal contributions yearly, of good quilts, sacks of clean clothes, boxes of canned fruit, and sent r down to help astain it. How dignified, happy and proud she looked; when telling us about the first call towards the Logan Temple: We had felt haipy and proud to assist building the but to help with the Temple, well it ias done with a spirit of joyful reverence. As Stake President Aunt Harriet had to travel a great deal, Box Elder Stake was far rerjchfng, taking in Snowville. Park Valley. Grouse Creek, Malad and into Cassia Co., and Sister Eliza IdahojyiiejLAL R. Snow, in President Lorenzo Snow's company, which included many of the prominent brethren, had traveled through and finished organizing,--she-founherself President of twenty-fou- r associations. The western trip took about three weeks in those days, but she enjoyed her labor and brought her wonderful influence to the different wards,; she was a tower "of strength to her she was noble and vvise in counseling and directing, and" her strong spiritual mindedness coupled with her. sweet humility,' made her sublime: The branch presidents would look forward to her coming, ami V there- were any sick sisters or fnidst.theyrwould take her to them, that she might bless and comfort them. be'nearby:ttlements?shewould visit together; whh as many of her board as could jo,' sometimes in one big three seated wagon, jspmetimes: another smaller buggy,:: These trips were thoroughly enjoyed by' all includ- co-labor- - inJihe" d : . v She.. ..wai -- an inspiration in huilding up she organized a class in home "indu-trbraiding straw, with Sister Carrie Smith as troche r,. ilae hats .with. Jianltiiiatie---triminiwere made- in this department. Through her management the Society helped build Store: the woollen factory and the Co-owhetf the day s of - prosperity arrived., the So-ty owned a goodly amount of .stock in N th institution., and when poor families "were in need, the sifters would get the, splendid homemade cloth, call extra working tlavs. cut and sew until the needy were comfortably provided for. She herself always a.-- - nt , when monev was. so scarce. home made cs, g'l t dreed-i- -- ob-s'tetri- . i ' to,,5end a number of good women to. Palestine 1872, gives a plain Index to. r character. He delivered a spirited fare vi! Salt Lake City, to study and qualify m sermon to the Society concludingvith't: mid wives. tlvit we might have 1 leave of PVcsi-le- .words: you now m the car- f Aunt Harriet with the Aunt Harriet, for I know, even if the Ij i Snow . organized several classtood in the door, she would push him hes. Thesesisrs were called and et apart go to perform her duty." for this mission, by President Lorenzo Snow Aunt Flarriet was a tall, large wo: and his counselors, and Aunt' Harriet obliged herself to see that they did not .suffer, for dignified' in appearance, plain and frug i was! cieties "... . ! -j- " rane-vcH,i?' : , ; J1-- . . e3- -.. 