MARCH VIOLETS, "Violets dim, . lids of the than sweeter Juno's eyes, Hut Or Cytherea's breath." Winter's Tale. .had quite a kirge society; .thought, if the sisters here had the difficulties the" sisters have in the world. we would appreciate' the Horsleyand others at the Park Valley and .Rosette wards, this stake; was very much work much better. Duet and chorus by the chenr, "Truth Reported th.i work in IHoomiii-b.- n, 111.; said the sisters have the Swct firstlings ef the early spring spirit of the Lord with .them- when they c, thoughts and strange to me you bring; .meet; spoke of the sacrifices some of them you speak of happy hours, have to make when they join the Church, ,..n hopes were bright und times were gay life seemed but a laughing May, and could contract the diltVmKC between !jc world a world of tlowcrs, those who had been raised in the gospel and W'l.Vn, yet by sorrow undefded, those who had not; gave some 'of her ex1 L.,ihered you, a merry child. perience in trading ; said her heart was full I asHi of gratitude for the little she had done in gaze. upon you now, Willi sinking heart and clouded brow, the Relief Society; paid a tribute to the Your charms are all initiated; mother-- ; said if every Latter-daSaint I m ildly deemed your witching spell would so love me once the what well"' lie up to W uld make requirement's made of loved With love devoted; her, we would be a better example to UnMv hope was, through your magic art. people. S; care would from my soul depart. Pre. Ague- - Owens reported the Willard Relief Society, also Pres. Annie Peters re- -' Vain hope! And yet the fault is mine. I'i w'rs bloom and stars as brightlv shine The choir ported tlie Perry association. when I was a boy; sang the selection, "Daughters of Zion." . T;- - I myself alone have changed, Sifter Sarah McLelland of the General have from my soul estranged T' Board said it was with very much pleasure he things I could enjoy, vile altar world's kneeling, she came to visit this conference, and give 're at the sacrificed each purer feeling. the greeting of Sister Wells to the sisters here; referred to her laboring in the mission Ah. bitter is the price, in truth, field, with Mime of the. sisters from this They pay who pass their later youth In vain and worldly strife; stake, ami knew them to be good worthy Who lose in hope of honor's prize, sister.-- , whom she had learned to love; did The happiness that only lies not. wonder at their goodness in being asIn peaceful, stilly life sociated with such good mothers; had very T. that prefer the stormy deep Where 'wildTing tempests ever sweep. much enjoyed the spirit here this morning, and the good attendance; spoke "in Sweet flow'rs, whose hue cerulean vies regard to the temptations that are before With the deep hue of seraph-eye- s our children, and that they di'd need the That gaze upon the bowers Where hope and joy eternal bloom faith and prayers and counsel of the fathers And far around is shed perfume and mothersthat they may retain the faith. From everlasting flowers: Referred to genealogical work, and her privSad thoughts and strange to me you bring T.Ufirstlings of the dawning spring. ilege ( visiting the Temple at St. George; A. P., Family Herald. said a few words to the teachers, and said anv position that you hold is worthy of your best efforts. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT, Sister Coles of the ( )gden stake was very that our ..president had been kind pleased BOX ELDER STAKE. conferenough to invite them to attend this ence; had been well paid for coming, in 1912, Pres. Sarah P. Convened Nov.-16th- , the talks of the sisters ; spoke on to likening SoStohl presiding. Present, besides Relief work, was very much impressed genealogv N. Stohl, Oleen Pres. stake officers, ciety ;tii thkvork. mid the ereatness of it, and Sarah Sister of Mantua, liishop Johnson how the spirit of Elijah was working with board. Relief fcLclland of general Society "the people of the world in this direction; and Goddard, Relief Jost, Sisters Sarah M. Taylor, her whole heart and soul was in this Relief Society. Coles of the Ogden stake Society work. Opento Think You ''Did Pray." Singing Pres. 'Sarah. P. Stohl invited all the sisters g g praver by bister bopma Jensen, oiug-to remain and have lunch. 'the choir, "Angry Relief Society by "Oh God, we raise to Thee. Singing, snoweu ' WO rds; oh let them never." Roll call Johnson. Bishop. by Prayer Minutes ot flects LTion Our Senses." Dr. R. A. Pearse gave a talk on : y 1 1 1 -- semi-annu- al -- - ; f . :..o hundred and fifty present. proved. ap- Pres. Sarah P. Stohl was pleased to see o many sisters out this morning, and was erv happy fo have so many visitors with the most itsf said we hoped to make thishad. May profitable conference we had yet the Lord bless us with His holy spirit to- "W- - Thnnk Thee. O by God, for a Prophet." Opening prayer Singing by choir, Bro W. C. Horsley: -Sweet is the Work." Minutes of previous - ... c: afternoon conference read and approved. see to Pres Sarah P. Stohl "was pleased such a good congregation this afternoon, hear. and hoped all would be able to on "The Ideal Home was given A talk paper a Sister Julia A. Richards gave good Sister Minnie H. Jensen. on genealogy; thought it very necessary to by Madsen gave a report, of Sevena Sister a was said it Mission. keep a record of our families ; her. labors in the Northern States inmore be to work in which there ought her privilege to bear her 'been had It. chilour wanted terest taken; thought if we in a Relief Society meeting It would we work this dren to take interest-iwas pleasure to go-'have to take interest ourselves; said, she. stated, assist in Relief Society work; they nskrred iV was a work which draws outour was thought the "Parent and Child another. one May and relatives ve for our to Des Moines thejr had a. Chicago from. : A the Lord bless all. prin-mothers' class there;, and her of a at report work Madsen gave Sister. Daisy reported the the of gospel; c workec pies labors: in the mission field; said she her vfsit with Pres. reported Bluffs; Council in the Relief Society in Chicago, where tney . ! f y 4$ ' dered a duet, entitled, "God is Love." Sister Sarah McLelland saifl we glad to have the priesthood with us, as it always has its good influence.. The the talk on paper on "The Ideal Home" and sanitation had been very good; paid a tribute to the choir, and had enjoyed the beautiful singing; said there was such a broad field for the Relief Society ; felt that the keynote for the future was in what Pres. Joseph F. Smith had said in the last conference in regard to setting our aim in dress; high, and in regard to immorality Sabbath day, formspoke on honoring the and cigarette ing of habits, card playing, for those smoking; thought if we prayed would bovs who do these things, the Lord work of women, help us; spoke on the great who and felt there was not another people y Latter-dahad as much to live for as the Saints. May God bless you in your work in this part of the lord's vineyard. most Stake Pres. Oleen N. Stohl felt the us now was to imimportant thing before thought we press our children with faith; more otHit to talk more to them, and speak of the of the beauties of the gospel; spoke blessand the receiving of the Holy Ghost the mothers taking ings that- follow it; he more: interest in the Parent classes in in the Sunday School, and. partiating ftMt to ask a lessons taught there; and said they blessing upon the mothers could do much in instilling good principles x in the lives of our children, had had we felt t Ctnhf u T, and thanked together, an enjoyable. time . .. . criVPtl IIS 4:he sisters wno iuu.viu felt wrought good talks and counsel; to be friendly and neighborly." of request, the choir sang Daughters s arc-alway- -t previous forenoon conference read and " good of the people. Pres. Sarah M. Taylor of the Ogden stake was very thankful for the invitation to come to this conference; had enjoyed it very much; spoke in regard to the small attendance of young mothers, also in regard to the work of the teachers; gave a brief report of the w ork done in the Ogden. stake ; was pleased with the talk on sanitation;, thought how. necessary it was for us to be organized that we may carry on this work, and thought we couhlplan our" home work so that we could get out to Relief Society meeting; said .a few words on geneof the alogical work, also on the history Pioneers. Prayed that the spirit of the Lord would rest upon us in such a way that we w ill do our duty. Sisters Daisy and Sevena Madsen ren- I i "Public-Sanitation.- and how our committees can be n help to the Board of Health ; spoke on the inspection of school children for the eye, ear and throat trouble, and the detriment these defects were to the child through life; spoke on the milk supply, and to watch for contagious diseases; gave ways of keeping down disea.-- e germs; said the people should demand certain laws that are for the best , i Re- - . c-- - .1 - . By i civii. . .iau.u.. Jimelia BenedictioiVby,Sister ' r '" H. Littlewood, u Annie Stake Secretary. 