stake; spoke on the outlines and the high work, they hoped to acconijJih sai.d they was well plea-i- d with the social hour, and lioprd to have inure attend our meeting ; aid a tew on the 'free will ottering "i to help defray t!.e General Board ep-n-vremarks. nade otlur ; desired to have weekly meetings held generally : spoke on and 'explained a summary report they would expect at the Octyher conference on the work we were doing in the stake; advised the listers in looking ft r their children and on promoting faith in them; said we are a favored people. May the Lord Mess you all. President Sarah Stohl hoped all wi;d tay and participate in the social noon h "iir; felt we had been inspired in our work n holding our weekly meetings and in onr getting out report blanks; felt the l."?'d would bless us with His spirit today; that we would have a good social time together. Singing, "Sowing, daily sowing." Prayer by Brother Oluf Jensen. ; c!'.-:n- Sbtcr t: tl! i wished to i i lu r tiftrl tiling- in - ; 71 exponent. WOMAN'S It-!- -- .in i was rendcre.. ourned for si months. awake my hnnhcriug nunTsic Conference "I . -- tri I. r.rlh dicti'Ml In Emnu hne B. S II evr v h During the oniler- - me. elici beautiful A v. 1 had h:ard, and I -- Singing, . . ret-t'i'ii'Mi- thing aid and ' . .k r i the ban eprev : P. k.ii W Sioin.. Pre H.l.wo"t, Stake II. elb. u - oi:ii triT noctnn'r exerews of nrevious afternoon conference m ti inute ot Mieida stake Relief Society conference he Id in the Firt Ward'as-eml !v hall. Iuik JS. PK President L. Benson presiding. "President Emme-lin- e There w ere present Pi. Wells of the G.ncral Board. Eydia Connu-l-I). Alder of Salt Pake. Stake 13 members of the ReTaylor Nelson, and lief Societv board. After' opening exercises the statistical and financial report was read. reported the Relief SoPresident Pen-o- n or- -' cietv organization of the stake in good der.' the aged and poor being well cared for. the lesson's especially being appreciated. mother-wor- k vlvia P. bnen reported the and showed the benefit of this study. nview of the Pfk of- Mormon as taken up by the Relief Soci ty wa- given by Lvdia X. Pen-o'Lesson C) from IV."k of Mormon tuMy was given bv Amv C. P.alhf. Tlie following local societies reported: 4th and 3nl Weston. Mink Creek. Pre-to- n wards. President Kmmclinc P. AVelU addressed to e the conference: said she was delighted Encourthe improvement that is manifest. a better average aged presiInits to work for .. attendance. As our work results and bewe should hope for greater the come more intellectual, not torgettmg the that spiritual part. She a!n urged this stake genealogical work be taken up in it was asKel t!iat nil""1" ror i"eueiii infnmntiiin accomplished . r a record be made of all things u . as such maKiug hc Rdicf Socleties, :nc ni hwf nouses, auinuo eSS- nte and approved. President Sarah Stohl was pleased with the good attendance this afternoon said ,ve would hear from some of the sisters, :;nd have a report for one month read. Sister Rose M. Wheatly gave a report f Ilonevville association; Sister Julia A. Richards read a report oi the work done in the stake for one month. M : r remarks were made by Lula P. Call,, stake cliairman of kindergarten work; was thankful for this work as it minds and opened up an avenue for our on the lecthoughts to work upon; spoke tures and games, and the way the lesson were to be handled in the associations. the lister Emclinc P. Watkins combined and two lessons. The Child as an Imitator, and also gave briefly Social . Development, AfVI-ir -- i nnrl flip r .i a sketch ot tne .muiiu'uii hhuu, , work .in her school. Si-t- cr c...,UmnnHrv k'imlerfnrten work . I.I IT Sister Jimma vance; ucaieu m . . il 1 thf . s - i u-'"-- .u t. """ 1 I .!... I 1 i T-n-L- less Thee." Phkiu: A. M. McXna., Sec. NORTH BA N l'K'I'E STAKK. San- Relief Society conference of North held" in Mt.. Pleasant, Jnne 29, pete stake Rncksen pre-- . P)13, President WiUiamina siuuig. visiung om-ceRoll was called, showing Minutes of and members present. read andaccepted. previous conference were rs President Erickseii welcoiiiejpthe sisters so many and was indeed pleased tosee had a sister present; was also pkasedwe us. from the (Ieneral Board (o visit were The Ckr.eral lioardand local ofiicers . ; sustained. Sister Larsen Jrom Spnng City and Sister ercu. ctc; i , each reportGuvmon fronvtountam Green could ed their wards as doing the best they of them in and preparing for the calls made various ways. Fair- - 1 t , ; Wkon nraved that all lnediction, Kmmeline P. Wells. 11.0,. . An contnbutions tr Sec Guicral cause should be sent to the retary. i transac- ovolninfi th.e T....,.,ri iTesuieiu itnwn of semlin. the wheat to tire iuu...,, r music was During the services beautiful rendered" lv the Misses Merrill, Kershaw. a recitals,,n, Packer, Paul P.cnson, and tion bv Linda' P.enson. , - ": t would remember the testimonies that they his heard of the. divinity of the Prophet and wonderful work. Ceo. C. Parkinson appreciated the privtestimonies ilege of being presenUto hear the .,,Hhc divine mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith. of the hills we Singing, "Tor the strength ( , v. w i- nk-dienc- c; n I -- by work of the outlines as given in our weekly , , meetings. one won, said Wells B. Emmeline Sister had seem certainly uplifted in what we to heard this afternoon; spoke in regard were nurses and their high price ; said they nurse classes going to have Relief Society and organ- work, on ; genealogy again spoke nlcn-nrelated r y ui lzing heincidents" of her own conversion to tne . Church and her acquaintance . witn when in Ins . i10f on4 ti iivi 'fpplino-tum imr I round, he ence; gave .many of the .qualifications possessed; bore a strung truth ot tins t uospei A r p must lirother v. a Dei- work more unitedly together to make ; spoke on company that ter community , u0t rrori short some ot our young 1 I 1 1 I I I : n. r . . t run i . ; Kindergarten work was taken up. i felt, of the divinity op his work, and of her of a baptirn on March 1, 1842. Told. this miraculous healing ot a lame girl' on. ame dav. Pore a strong tetimony of the she heard all power of the I'rophct, said of hi last addresses,, and described very minutelv what is known a- - th.e 'TransfigTold of her acpiaintance with uration." Mother Whitney, who had the gift of speakwhich the ing and .singing in Migifes, in Prophet said was the language spoken the .garden of Eden. Invoked the blessing of ( iod on all. Solomon 11. Hale told of hi having seen the Prophet, of his love for and blessing his mother. Spoke ,,f Emma Hale a an intel"elect lady, ligent, beautiful woman,' an the first president of the Relief Society. Prcddcut IJenson said 'Sixers Head and both Packer, living now in Preston, had .eeii the Prophet and the "Transtigiiratum. To1,,r V.kon said his father was baptized by the 4'rophet in July, 1842, kyaton reported the. Sister Sarah God as also doing"a good work. In "Our. ward Session-Sing- ing, yiew 'Afternoon four years had gathered Sunday , fthe last to Thee." raise we ' to $2, COO, Mad assisted the been had amounting -s al! here day been.a sweet influence Praver by Bishop Stone of Maykton. in the building of the mcctingjiousc, ton were we sa.d. ; lhop interested in the singmg with donations and Sunday eggs, $3,0TO. V lipnvenlv na'rents and we na i ..." 'societies 19 represented Roff from the General Board sisterMcLellan and i reported ' 1KT;1 to be present, and indeed pleased one. evil vas the of Glencoe. , nower Tr.n.nreton.' the it reat pleasure to the president . Height tA- tr ovrrnowcr; Saul t.lt a iw y , r i the in mnnv t mi.the lu how ' ? ) Aider uoic Ld to see such a us to try... w.th was it Und." and love to the learned Ho!y on, m ' She had tn ggle-wa- s wards. our adjoining P een 6 drour part andit was worthy workince she . .,, elief Society ble.s Lord the 4he; interest our people Hlled to' work w itli the si stersr We lean efforts to press on- May vtQpd,; in ami i In- - wonderml all-ithis great work. i,: resiueni c;o, rla bv doimr- to hte wI said President SaralfStold regard shyyould wa, work rel, t to Tech people shc that Sister ihm that to tell the sisters . ,. ' . home made silk, , a. sma- 85 vears. and her dress was n- - ''Ke'daeenNstohlsaicUtoln, c- ; i -- i . rr'reVreted Tv ! ! a-- - ne-iv- m 1 I r Wfcc n . . large-attendanc- e M : W.k . - i. in .mr-childrcr- . 