WOMAN'S EXPONENT. CS land, and fulfill the prophecies' concerning this wondrous nation. Meantime, though men plow, sow and Teap now as ever, womvviws. mothers, and (laughters have been EMMEL1NE U. WELLS, Editor and Publisher en, alert ajid active in bringing' to pass the A$XIE WELLS CAXyOX, AiiistMMor transfiguration of thi desert country and Terms: Utah. rublUh! monthly In Salt hake City, making it in all its uncultivated barrenness one copy oue year, $100; one copy nix. months, 50 ct. to dwell in. with coma desirable-placNo reduction ina.le for clubs. City papers deliverel by forts and al vantage- - too many to eiumV mail, extra for postage one ya'r, 25 cts. of in one brief epistle. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines liberal erate A $3.00. one month, time 12.50; per lpace Everywhere we travel in tliis mountain discount to regular advertisers. Exponent ofllce rooms 28 ami 2'J, 2nd floor Bishop's region we find women's work apparent, and Business hours from Building, 40 North Main Street, industry and skill supplement the home 10 a. in. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. laW done by the women 'of the .household. Address all business communicatiuns to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Throughout the land wherever our people Salt Lake City, I fah. have settled and made homes there is an thriftincss noticeable, and h'nttred at the Pott Office in Salt. Lakt City. I ah appearance of t ttcond rlati matter. although we may say it is; an indication of the training received, yet it is in the very 1913 ArcrsT, Salt Lake CiVy, Utah, nature of things marvelous. .Saints are certainly True, the Latter-daRAMBLINGS. enterprising in building up the waste places, and now in the far West, stretching from We have found mucli satisfaction and north to south, over mountains and across have been greatly interested in visiting wide deserts, the Saints are manifesting examong the several stakes of Zioti during the traordinary courage and fortitude in explorpresent year. Prosperity seems to attend ing and making beautiful and ideal homes. the efforts made hy the Relief Society sisters, This people do not boast of what has' been and we feel there has been" more effort put rest content if they are permitted forth than during any other previous year. done, but the rights and privileges of citizenThe genealogical work that has been intro- to enjoy in this glorious land of liberty. duced in some of the stakes has awakened ship Saints reside, Wherever the Latter-da- y a deep interest in temple work, which in conin all their abiding places, they are hospitanection with the great variety of other subthose of their own jects already undertaken, opens up quite a ble and kind, not only to faith, but to all. wide field, and certainly will promote. a tendency toward stronger testimonies of the truth taught and brought forth INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF in this day and age orilie world by the WOMEN. Pronhet loscnh Smith. It is educational in the best sense to travel Preparatory to the Quinquennial which witwill be held in 1914 in Rome, Congresses of among the people in these valleys and ness what has been accomplished in a matewomen are" being held in different cities of rial way by tlje' men and women who are the world, where committees of different Cultivating the soil, building homes in far- departments are apixinted and their work away places, and in the truest sense making outlined. At Paris, The Hague, Budapest thedesert blosom as the rose. and Vienna, conferences have already been later each national council will hold How diligent and faithful they have been, one for secial appointments and work. The is apparent in the appearance of the beautiful gardens and farms, orchards and mead-ow- United States national council will be held and tjic prosperous and busy settle- in October at Port Huron, Mich., and will be a most important gathering of American ' ments one sees on every side. for then will be selected the repreTruly the kessing of the Lord has been women, shown this people in their labors, and Zion sentatives from this country to the International at Rome. The International execuwill rise and shine as the prophet's have tive meeting was held last Mav at The where all the councils were reported Throughout the various places we have Hague, by their respective presidents. journeyed t4iis year, greater' prosperity It may be interesting to note that the naseems to prevail than, we could possibly have nntirtfiitirvl flip fliffirnltipc mir rfn- - tional president for the United States, Mrs. pie have had to encounter to secure water Kate Waller Barrett, in her report, gave a privileges and cultivate arid lands. To be .paragraph' to Utah in which she told of her sure, the men have been diligent and un- visit to the state legislature arfd her impresceasing, or so much ould not have been sions when witnessing women as lawaccomplished. Everywhere we journeyed makers. The great suffrage meeting this year was we realized how much men have done in improving the country', in tilling the soil and held at Budapest and noted women from inaKiug nuiiip , seining luvviu ami villages,, ill over the world were in attendance. From and all this while complying, with, all the America were Carrie Chapman Catt, Ida Husted Harper, Flo Jamison Miller, Char-lo- tt requirements of citizenship and family obliSaints are. a c Perkins Oilman, gations. Truly, the Latter-da- y May Wright Sewall wonderful people. There have been no such and many other' strong and" brilliant women.. but anvwhere worked tests and problems . .. During the month's of July the great Peace ... . else ; and this teaches us; that we should im- Congress was helil at' The Hague, where press the fact upon our children and their Mrs. Sewall was one. of the most conspic-- . children, that the Lord is blessing His peo- nous figures: " The ' following letter tells ple and Zion is beinir established, and will. mostjtccurately-thwork of that xonferencer with the assistance of those who eventually, Peace and Arbitration are the very imporserve .11 mi; make America the promised tant " national councils have subjects the; Woman's Exponent - e non-pari- y far-reachi- ng held-am- i -- s, fore-told- . - . - . . e ... v il. il. illtt .. V !wfr. laiuil niil i in i ii i it i l inviii, nun fvitttrilli, f1wMl which women are most vitally is the ... . interest-"Th- is in great exjosition year ! Hverv citv is in gala dress and t e circumstance is adtled the ver mannc occasion oi njniung uic i ai.tr, Peace, where the;sHpernational court of Ssti'-iwli conn rt'iifti !,,... KIM H IIVV II III .""'II IVJJIl. . IV K, nn"V Hague the 'capital of the world.' and in role it will receive the twentieth univi peace congress, everv municipality i ii land. ''. : fe.-tiv- ,? d I I I , : and liis royal highness, Prince Henry. ,t-ing the protectorate. This is the first a royal personage has done such a t!i: rniil il rommnnd fh ri'snrrt nt fbi- - I". .. .1 pean leaders, who a decade before only scoff at eace congresses. The j: gram lasts from August "Holland is the proudest'and most d cratic gem that crests the North sea. It the one international state wlu'ch has giwn "life to every progressive act of history ujii.-Ins chosen her fiowerv canaled mainland starting point including the Pilgrim Fathers. Little Holl.ind has dared play tlu biggest roles in history. The tuternation t ivi'U at home there, and pacifists love it :i their fatherland. Several hundred are on the committees and the turn tieth peace congress is looked upon as a national festival. "The thinkers of every country Lk k with amazement upon governments that expect to settle their diplomatic and commercial questions by chopping up innocent men with machinery. The present military octopus cannot be fed any other way, but the resentment of the masses will soon overwhelm these governments, and demand that public, disputes be settled with law and justice. After all the carnage, when the of the battle .must flee from their homes to escape cholera, the diplomats sit at a distance and decide over the is what' and 'whose is whose.' . ; . t 18-2- 3. i a-- a i!i-- Nether-lander- 'leave-over- wire-'wh- "T1 lttA.llllV.lll rmrrriicc rvnin V.. JJV.llV,V , I 111 IIi s s' at fclwj'V V cially urge the questions of 'A Code of International Law,' 'International Police.' 'Commercial Rivalry and International Relations.' 'The Limitation,' and 'Gradual Promotional Reduction of Armaments,' and in fact will offer the world through" its great est students of the question, legal lines. for its solution. They arc. indeed ho plan a substitute for human slaughter as a means of settling world-patriot-- w -- national-disputes.'- ' SPECIAL CORRESPONDENCE. XIXl Grinzinger St., 42, Vienna, Austria. Mv Dear Friend, Emmeline B. Wells : Here in this distant city, dear friend. 1 have just received yours of May 12th, which; reached me in Budapest a month later, having followed my forwarding addresses from place to place. You will see how impossible it was for me to receive it "before leaving America," for I sailed from Boston on 'May 7th for Liverpool, thence goig jdirectl'y to The Hague, where I arrived on May 17th and where our work began on 'May 20th. and where we remained in close ivork for eleven days. . In many respects our work . therqwljmpressi was especially true of the work of my own committee and of the Peace and Arbitration -- 