) WOMAN'S EXPONENT. faith . in . the. . Gospel. She alwavs j and inspired her sisters to live up every principle of the Gospel. Being the first to cnUc Celestial" Margage, often testified to the greatness of this, principle, saying, "I know this is a true principle,' or I should never have stayed by it. it is pure and sacred principle, calculated t.) exalt and ennoble all .who honor and live it as revealed by the Prophet Joseph Smith." She taught and urged the sisters to gather genealogy and do Temple work, herself ' setting a strong example. In 889 jier health failed more Or less, she became rather feeble and-he- r eyesight became quite dim, but spiritually she was full of energy to Uiiih her genealogy. In October she went to Salt Lake City, attended all the meetings of the Relief Society also the General Conference then she traveled all alone down to Manti and worked in the Temple till her record was finished. A month Liter she returned Jiome unannounced, in t'.ie afternoon s!u' came and surprised us in our home, bringing her lantern ;she was in ih: habit of doing this, when she would stay and spend the evening, and we would take her home at night. She told us all her experience during the trip and her work, told how she had now finished her own record, also had taken some genealogy of one of her band's wives, fearing that she would not attend to it, Aunt Harriet had also thi finished. Under the recital she looked so earnest and grave, and we sat gazing at her with eves brimfull of tears, with a feeling f awe. our hearts full of love and tenderless towards her, but the still small voice plainly whispered to us "Aunt Harriet wih soon leave us, she has finished her work." Next year, May 12th, 1890, she passed to the great beyond.l. We thank Our Heavenly Father for havmothing known, lived and labored with our n-i- dress, although it 51 . TO "was jiot yrt'noon. The black, while the young girl women were, were m white with white .veils. The veiU are draped on top .,f the bead and fall over the shoulders with the ynds in front, but do not cover the face. There were a number of monks and nuns here too. Alter a time a chamberlain, in a gorgeou costume of cardinal brocaded silk, and wear-jucardinal silk hose, black shoes with cardinal buckles, ushered' u.s .out in groups, of about 'thirty. We traversed interminable 1 distances it seemed, through a series of broad and spacious apartments similar to that which ve had left. Finally we passed Mealier a room where a number through of persons were standing evidently waiting to receive-greeting and blessing from the Pope. W'e were taken'into the next room and stood in a circle around the wall. It wasan exquisite room. The walls were hung with cardinal moire silk, the carpet of cardinal velvet with the papal coat of arms in the center and behind, us was a large gold throne. The windows were draped with w hite silk curtains, long and softly sweeping a transparent as lace. Two officers 'in full uniform with helmets en and swords kept guard. One lady had to remove her gloves so she was 'risked to take them olT. In a moment or so another officer came in and inspected each of us from top to toe to see that all was correct and probably to see that there were no suspicious characters present, for we heard that at. that time the Vatican feared anarchists. There was a little rustling movement in tin. ntvt room, the dLmard signaled us all to kneel and the Pope, accompanied by an attendant robed in purple, entered. His Holiness was dressed entirely in white cloth, a beautiful, fine, soft fabric,' and he wore emerald hanging on his breast, a magnificent cros's. He came in in the simplest fashion, walked around to each one and extended er, "Aunt Harriet." his hand in blessing and that each might. Em eli a D. Madsex. . kiss the ring of St. Peter which he wore-After he had passed us, one woman, over floor to devout, I suppose, bowed to the as though kiss his feet, but he jumped back . allow-itThe atr AN AUDIENCE WITH THE POPE. very nervous and did not tendant and guards came up quickly, but Martennelli proand Our letter to Cardinal the Pope recovered himself, spoke to her Holiness His with cured us our audience head. After each placed his hand upon her then Pope Pius X. had received his greeting he arose, o'clock in eleven room On Nov. 25th 1909 at when the Pope had been all around the streets the in the morning, we drove through we all knelt again, and the Pope, standing the over of Rome in the brilliant sunshine, the blessing for all in melothe center, gave across of fine phybeautiful arched bridge of St. Angelo, dious Italian. He was a man the of St. Peter's Square to the entrance and a ruddy com, sique, with white hair, a Vatican. kindly Italian eyes and. large 'plexion, their His personaht When we arrived the Swiss guard in manner. gracious simple and picturesque costumes of yellow, blue, a kindly sympathy for human nature, spoke strenuous black, stripes, all saluted. one felt in his presence that a and We wore the customary black dresses, life out' among his people helping them n black veils, and no gloves and carried rosain the world, more strongly our ries which the Pope might bless for pealed to him than an existence which Catholic friends at home. him to shut himself away in appar,r We were conducted up the spacious stairs ent seclusion. Swiss guards' unA GnJclifv the Tdessintr. .1 iwu past a line of more saluting tne rupc Alter reinto a lofty waiting- room whereprobably :ke next room when, lie into .went he . The walls from one door ninety persons were assembled.beautiful carturned we formed a passage and as of the room were hung .with standing on each side, other, the to dinal brocaded silk, there were silk curtains he passed through, all knelt again, and the cn r. at the door and windows, large paintings audience, simple but impressive, was room l on the wall, and at one end of the walked back through a the we Then ol coat was a gold throne with the papal cardinal rooms, past the salutmg gorgeous the and figures back the arms and a dove on and bowing footmen and fc.t Swiss guards lne sides, of St. Peter and St. Paul on the in" ht S!vlv . c la-tcfi- cd EMMIE. "with the changing 'Seasms In .lonchtfv. s the car- - had He.Ueil suinitK't ,r.luniiis .somber, i si-- A DEAR YOUNG GIRL, jaed, -- And the winter's chtlimg blat; Hear uiu-- sleeping pa: earth's waking, I)e;ir ones toiling tar away; .And my. heart still listening. .wailing, l"r their coming, day by day. x g Par away the s,df lake glistened; Fair when its. wave weu hlut; lh;t when 'white, ,rmle storms descended 'And isolation sterner grew. .Mountain ranges, gray clad stretches Where n. tieaitjs ran. nor green tree Pt oke the moiiotoiu- of landscape Wi'Ji the wild birds' melodus. dy, -- - Tints t'ic V I .. v - - - 1 . . re-quir- . ed j.a--e- d. pioneeijng, Homing time and toil would briitg Rot-nour ilw tiling bl om and beauty, 'And tin. alley yet would ' ring With the, sounds of busy labot,Shine with irtani from depths below. - And the gray "yield harvests, As foretold .so long ag. der-er- t -- So the heart fed mi its meni'ries (It dear friends and days gone by; Ah, hbw many h.rve na.sed from Us, Happier now than yon or I. Then., at last, almost a stranger. l Mile to old haunts of mine; Scenes may change, bid true seUe ever Chan4eks keep their countersign. I tor-gott- 1.14 aj i ' a . "'Sister Crocheron, you're remembered' "I'was a girl's sweet voice tluji spoke; Ah. the long cars' shadows vanished And glad- feelings, longvhushcd, woke. Snow was stiU upon the mountains, I'.ut the spring, with tlower ami bird. Filled my being with its joyanee A her wt h oming I heard. , Grace and sweetness were thy .tlower, N'evt-may their beauties fade; Ne'er across thy happy pathway, Shadows cold, or thorns' be laid. Mav the .sunshine and the music Of thv face and voice endure: thou' gav'st, to thee be given. A Heart gifts true and sweet and pure. An.rsTA Joyce Ckochekon. 19, 191.2. Sow Salt Lake City, r BOOK REVIEW. We have received from Dillon, Montana, a new hook entitled "Poetic Gems to the World I Love," by Mrs. Louise- Coulson. The author's picture is the frontispiece. The collection is somewhat fragmentary, consweetness and taining poems that breathe chord in puritv and touch a sympathetictend to the the hearts of those whose minds human-i- t spiritual side of life, thus bettering ' v and the home. ,f "Mrs. Coulson resided here m Utah tor some Years, and became well acquainted with our people. She v both spoke and wrote in their behalf. We trust this" little volume will prove a and bring success to blessing to :, its author. -- its-reader- s --- -- - velvet. ; canopy was of cardinal The men waiting here were in evening . the Vatican. ... . NOTES. Idnho wonn Pit their MiiTrage banner On one side to Xew York for the parade: seal, whichof it is the design of the State G- . - executed in 10. by. Mr?. J. iVsaid to !.e thv only M Tc Tlie pin of the Srit.v deigned bv a woman. thoseal. . Federation is alsp formed from d-n- t; ;;in 