: llpUSEHOI Ijrilit nameand has also L; ASSOCIATION. Mary J. Holmes on trie , always used irerTeai antrarx:i J-HC0- '..r'i. If. f AGUSTVnKilKNW.U' .WjU. PKI-S- Tiik Home Department will ha Ve merit men. of the m fin unusual ritki a.ni ami oe judg-Dvvui k. ui a muu ,ui grains aim " of uncommon talent, as well "as sublime,. other than a merely exhibition al standard. It will he in the main a '"study .'Of Domes-. reasoning in Untrodden ways. a tic. Science 'and of-- HoubeholdKcoiiony 1G racareen wood - ( familiar nom de plume to us. and also both of which are of great importance, to '. .welfare. M arian I Iarlaiid , '.(Mrs- .- lv. R. Terh une) I have visited as a careful observer among but some others we read of and do not he industrial classes, in '.cities, to amis and kno w what the real name' may be, or. indeed if the name is a real Or -- imaginary one; manufacturing villages, and have studied coming home to bin own. Utah we have the conditions, tendencies, dangers, arid several writers y ho are much better laiown opportunities of these classes,, and the duty by the pen name than by .their own, ; Ruby towards them of the educated and the r:flmbiit;"MiHicen"t, Hope, Homespun f wealthy, vvho have, eombitied'with me to diirihg the. (lays of October, work full .Hyacinth and a long list for a new country. llihow -These are all- - women , but we also have ".of testhnoTiy aswellas theory, m' the Home Department of the Worlds Food ine'iv who use' a nom de plume. .: air 1894 When in San .'Francisco as a Delegate to The work' will prove that these ladies are the Convention of Editorial Association, I heard some discussion upon more than mere observors having drawn this subject, both in reference to poets and large inferences, thev will offerjhrough the newspaper people. One lady who is em-- . best of engaged talent, remediaT agencies and appliances, to meet the real conditions ployea a reporter on a Liiicago pprvhose: " tone of edjtor diib noTpermit "those employed by .01 house and society, elevating the ' the office to use signatures, stated that hav-- . both private and public life. The .wide prevalence of haphazard ing strong jxirferences in favor of 'using her own name, and being desirous of building methods, and, the general ignorance in reup a reputation as a writer of some "merit, gard to proper ways of cooking and comshe persistecLin signing her.name to all her bining articles of food to get the best asarticles, which for many months' was as similation, is alarming, and jeopardizing persistently left out, though nothing w;as the fundamental interests of the State, and ' said; finally the chief editor biiig absent the best development of the whole race, unless a higher intelligence and more for. some, time, thesignature attached was rational methods are diffused. ; used without comment, when the editor reThe formation 6f the Home Department turned she fully expected according to her own account to get the grand bounce" in connection with the World's Food I'air i. i .A i was- - said Jim me conirarynotmng gives union wonderfurrjorjtout presentation of scientific facts in aid to heramcTviisliowea appear. One other case was of Elizabeth Akers others less enlightened, to direct and help 1 oiia Allen (whose daughterlajedjlietoryta-- JJieiulo-jnore-rrTrngancT me , ) a lid wdio is" famous all the world - over thi king . This work" i s m ade possible by ""for Her beautiful poems, and especially for the allotment; of space and the generous the one song sung in our own and other financialx:support of the Board of Managlands, "Rock me to sleep mother," when ement of the. Fair, who will thus help to a young girl she used the nom de pjhme, spread acouaTiT intellectual feast forali in these ; vital subjects, Florence .. Percy andxother. signatures and and who is not at least three times a day?afterwards when she tried -- 10 col lect We can only mention specimens of the for publication she found great difficulty in securing them and some she never feature of the work. It will cover a large and varied field, dealing succeeded in getting, consequently .she ad-,- .. vises all young writers to "use the real name: AvitOJometopj.cs in ...the true spirit of high and, now let us come down to the reality of moral aim united to sober study of fact's. our own club here at home, and be what; j Ai ming to be lucid and si mpl-thwork we are in and of ourselves, original as far ofJiede4)aiJme4 service in at leasstimulating suggestive S4)Dssiblp, wif4iouthcfcrrJtmTSM ' -' ' imitation so far as' we must con thought. except in ' A condition of form to certain rules and observances, but pleasantness in the house not be afraid of and polishing, is a realfpower in. refining and raising the it" or fear that will kill the spirit, for the character of the- inmates. Ugliness and same rule will assurredly apply in writing discomfort blunts .the sensibilities, low-- . as the inspired prophet of old declared, ers the spirits, destroys and vitiates the when He said the spirit of the' prophets, is appetites. z v to the prophets and the world of One suite of rooms will be1 under the subject mankind agree that poets are inspired, and auspices of the Household Economic Ass. it matters not whether the poetffc a man or of which Mrs. Augustus Hemenway is a woman for we know of old, women were Honorary President, and Mrs. Minerva B . to to lead,"' to inspired sing, jadge, instance .Tobey, Acting President, she being also the song of Deborah etc, and we have had Vice President of the National Association in our time, our inspired ppet'and These rooms well ilprophet- - for Massachusetts. lustrate a Sanitary Bedroom and Bathroom. . ess, and "leader in modern Israel, Kliza R. Snow whose name and fame are immortalOur present sanitary ideas are reforming ized. the fittings and care of, the sleeping apartr e. b. w. ments, and the dealers keep pace with the " demands of the scientiest, from whisk: - In Japan there js but one lady lawver, brooms, soaps'and powders to"sanftary floor Madame In England, as" far finish.: and furnishings. These siiUjects as weknow, there are none. In this will be presented and discussed --by Mrs. country there areabout one hundred. Ex. Tobey, in the iecture room. r - - ;trnafrtytiie,;reat atjc uay,- :. tne grocer is not a. secondary factor to the in furiiishing'table supplies. MrsSti:,amuiA:,, prds. M'D. and. Dean . -- -- ; tt)jis , the.-Nationa- visitBoston during the month to take an She active interest in , this department. .will add greatly to the value of the ' : ; L J .. Hygienic Feature. The Librar' wilF contain works 611 architectiire:""Tii; its relation to Sanitation, Cook Books, Health and Hygienic Litera-- " t ure,'; as w ell as current m aga zi ues beari n g upon th"e Home .questions, such as. the New Huglaud Kitchen Magazine, Household News, Table Talk,, Food, Honie,l and.; ,. Garden, and others. A few days and evenings will have national names,and be observed accordingly of those countries bedistinguished-guest'"'..:. ing present. The lecture room . in the midst of the latest conveniences for the, scientific and easyreparations of foods will after all be the attractive spQt for many, there "some of the best talent will daily demonstrate and to 12 a. m, lecture upon cooking from Mr.- Nankanura will deliver a short lecture in the lecture room which will be beautifully illustrated by choicely colored lantern slides. On this occasion- - he willr show us the interiors of their homes, especially the culinary and feasting rooms interspersed among views of their gardens -- ' l .I I I -- : : I V ; . I " . t . . the-Nationa- l, - s : . I : . v 10-3- 0 - . - : . 1 K- - :a--- - 1-- 1 a - way s-of- -- 11 -- texture. . Avho-are-niterest- eci - con-densed- ly " e ' .'.- re-writi- ng - . . - - T . . , . . Tel-Sui- . o. -- -- -- -- -i her-poe- ms. A reception will be given" to the representatives of Japan .visiting" 'us. Miss Shidsu Mori" now attending Radcliffe College will be among the honored guests. " IrOyexs xif beaut ifnF thi n gs"T in a v Tl n d most. beautiful Russian Cottage Industries goods for. their home tables, examples of the weavers skill, so delicate that even fairy spinners might envy the gossamer etc. , 1 ' -- , Mrs.-Lippiued- - . ' ,MKS. The best authori tits will likewise discuss and give illustrations of hygkniie, economic. AW ,fteU ana vectanan meals in a for HvMic J- f- Tliese - Industries were, founded by Princess M. Schahovskoy and her friend Mme Pogosky . These ladies are at present travelling through; Russia collecting but will return brmgiug vith them many articles for October and t he exhi bition . Mme Pogosky's daughter will assist in her native costume, "her head bound with a scarlet fillet, liairjightl y Ljraidedlna single plait, and her jieck encircled with string after string of multicolored beads. Mme Eugenie Lineff, Musical Director of' the Imperial Opera in Moscow, will be present also oh the day when Russian Home Costumes are shown. rmcess M. Schahovskoy and Mme Pogosky were associate judges with me at the WorliFs I'air on the jury of- experts. , A receptionNdll be given and to specially invited guests. Russian Tea will be served X"a.fter Which Uie audience will be entertained iu the lecture room by Mme Eineff assisted jy the Russian Choir, giving some of the most characteristic Russian music, folio wed tableaux or living pictu res ill' the Russia' n costu mes and customs. Other nations will through ' make in- distinguished representatives structi ve' and pleasant special days. A few evenings will be giveu'o btereopticau lectures, illustrating sanitary facts. We are to have a lecture bv Mrs Tobey showing the plans of Mjs. Stuckarts forty-fou- r homes now building . . ' " 4 . - - i H s. - these-ladies- . co-operati- ve . XJ ' t '.- . s 'J 1 f 