' 1 ' . )''' " f : The Rights of For Me Lillie T. Freeze. A Few Suggestions I. I. P. Address Mrs. Margaret Caddy. Woman Suffrage Column.- Decoration Day. .'Ladies Meetings Lydia D Alder. R S. Reports. Miscellaneous. Obitu- Semi-monthl- y ary. In Memoriam. Editorial: . Notes. The ,'. First Of June. - Editorial . . Poetry: Where Is My Baby Alofa. United Ellis R. Shipp. "Tis More Blessed To Give Than Receive" A. M. Blanchard. Woman Suf--' frageJ. S. Robinson. WHERE IS That ' ' . Wherei where is the bpy with the pretty round ' cheek And the bright, merry laughing, blue eye? There were tears in the. eyes of Jus mother, I - knOW,,. --J- me, : your leaping, joyful hearty And lbrealms of endless glory You shall dwell, no more to part." . v' , . NO BLACK FOR ME. No black for me, dear love, when I am dead; .. 1 And I saw on her face the sad look As I took Harold up from his carriage and said, "Kiss papa, he's going away ' God bless you and mamma, kiss papa again Now good-b- y for I must go to day," ; ' ' ' I had noticed, I say; the sad look in her eye ; i But I knew duty called me to go, And I tried to believe it not strange in the least ; That the parting would. trouble her so. ' So I took up my satchel and hurried away, ; iWith their kisses still warm on my face; And my bosom still throbbing with joy and with ' r -- ; ' ' . t pain, . Both effects of the parting embrace Oft I paused to look back as I wandered on, " And I saw her standing still ' ; j ' ; By the baby's carriage, yet unmoved, . On the bank of that rippling rill, And she lifted our baby high that he ' ' Might see me Once again Ah! had shea premonition then Of this coming houno! pain.' , Well, I did not keep them long in sight For the path was a winding one , ; , . But I kept that! picture in my mind : j--. : . From morn till the set of sun; ' : And my heart was full of an honest pride . . i In my wife and baby boy, visFor them was my whole" ambition tirred : , My life, rpy hope and joy. -- two weeks or so, When a messenger came to say ;. ., That my Baby was somewhat ailing - . And I'd better come home that day. Not very ill, he told me, ; 'I But his mother was worried some, And they fancied she'd feel much better ' - ' ? " ; J j . " was a light Shining brightly in the window, . I just dropped my aching head, ; r For you will miss me, though some path from . heaven May lead straight from my glory to your ' I heart; And I may come like Jacob's angels giving Some thrill, some joyous message to impart So keep the light about you death is light, ; And life, and power to pure and chastened ' ' : love, :'r- j'. is dark to doubt,' and sight And death only visions no from has That the world above. : Alice Robbins. . .. revelation, superior 'intelligence reerardirier death, and draping ourselves in the folds of the mourning apparel is not in harmony with the glorious light' and hope beyond the grave given to usby the religion of Jesus Christ. JThen. why should -- weV cling to a false custom of our forefathers so suggestive of- - the dark it originated? In a recent number of the Exponent I read with interest the following ' paragraph: "A dispatch from London says: One ot the largest conferences in the interest of funeral reform ever , held opened in Westis under the auspices of the minister. Burial, Funeral and Mourning Reform Association, and its object" is to advocate the exercise of economy and simplicity in all funeral appurtenances, and the disuse of crape scarfs, feathers, velvet trappings and similar emblems of mourning.' Perhaps the beautiful example of Henry Ward Beecher has had sqme influence in forming or reforming public opinion on this subject. It was his request that a wreath of flowers instead of. crape be hung on the door of his residence after his death, that the blinds remain up and the rooms be lighted, and at his funeral his family should appear in their usual Sunday attire. Instead of the: customary dismal drapery of his casket, it was To be laid in a bed of white flowers. with our belief we, as a people, should gather the bright and beautiful about us, and when sorrow enters our hearts and homes it is our duty to court all cheering and' comforting influences. One young mother, when asked why she did not wear mourning at the death of her child, ans- wered, "Because I feel sorrow! ul and ; , ', . The above, beautiful poem was written many years ago,, while the custom of wearing deep mourning held absolute sway among all civilized people, but the writer like a. true prophetess, caught glimpses of Some spirits are destined h ; ;:, ". , con-sista- nt ' of the.tmUi in aU to enough without it." And , though they. may be laughed at or That grief is most sinceie which s'huhs. scorned for expressing, sentiments ahead of observation. There is a natural delicacy in the time-- in which they live; the: truth will j the human heart, especially of sensitive and h be recognized and established in the onward refined natures, which shrinks from of progress.r ' 'Though learned but bitions of great joy or sorrow, and such Thought on the in--' ! would gladly . dispense; with all the slowly and by few. parapnernalia ot mourning, out nave 1101 consistency; of this custom, .of was first a wakened in my mind when, but the courage to defy a long established a child, I heard. Mrs. SL., Kimball, now fashion Is not our sorrow as sacred as our TTonorarv President of the Woman's Suf-- i love? Then why display it to the public Iraee Association of Utah, say in one of gaze? The idea of fashion limiting the the sisters' meetings held in the 14th ward length of Ume that we siiouia appear to draped in black mourn for our loved ones! or designating" Assembly Hall,then heavily r. Hid TTvirriorti'c tHf ititpticitv thereof bv Vdeeo mournine. fnneral tlie soniber hanrintrs still remained "half mourning" etc, as our. fashionable my : . , i exhi-marc- 1 ; ; 5 1 - . l saw there ixna almost aiouu 1 mmmuicu. "Ah, my little boy is dead!" v .flowers; Let maids in white and little children come And cheer with tender song the lonely hours. , . 18. "It ; Let me be carried from my cheerful home, Like sunshine out of sunshine, flowers from hVht from afar. ' - The darkness had locg been gathered ') Ere our cottage was in sight And my heart just sank within me ' VVhen No black for me, why, when eternal day Has burst h glory on my dazzled sight, And God's own angels bear my soul away,4 . Should my twin spirit bow in woe and nigjit? : s t ' : . ages.-gloo- - . In spirit if I were home, ; , I was not long gone . - . . . But wear a soft white eil upon your head, As fits a saintly woman growing old. No. ages-ituwhic- 1 - - Shroud not that predcnisTaeiiifuneralfoldi J ? . Alofa. April ,1894. " - .. . r . V "glorious hope." The Women of our faith have been called "the remodelers of. society," and it is true that we.aira to adopt all improvements consistent with the spirit of true progress, and we are striving to discourage all customs that have not the support of sounds reason. We claim to have received, through direct To When we paused on the bank of the brook To which she and the baby had wandered with' . in place, and Sister Kimball remarked that they had a gloomy and chilling effect upon the spirits of those present, and she said in earnest appeal;' ' 'When my worn and weary spirit has entered its rest there will be no pccasioiLrtomourn for me, and please let the drapery at my funeral be white. " My judgment approved her choice, and I have watched with satisfaction the growth of this sentiment among the Laifer-da- y Saints whose faith teaches them to mourn with a Just as winning just as pretty-- In a world that's free from pain," You shall clasp your precious darling ' is the darling baby boy I left but a fortnight gone by; i; I You shall meet him yet again, Where, where ..... . Vomenof all Nations. Aud 'twas so. lib mother met me At the door and cried aloud, , ; , lJm, oh, Tom!" Then sank near fainting; And I raised the snowy shroud From the pale face of our baby, Ah, there was no ray of light, The spirit from that limp cold form 7 " Had long since taken flight." i So I ask, where is the baby ' ' ' That I left not long ago? j Hark! a whispering spirit answers All my aching heart would know: 4f He is safe in angels, keeping MY BABY. ; ... SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE CONTENTS: ...... , y Jton t: No Black i the Women of Vol. 22. L ... i - : J sJ: , X V. :, 