..i "WOMAN'S SUMMERLANI). IvXIONHNt" Tak J5 aim covenants, New England Thanksgiving statiug the origin of the custom iamong the Pilgrims i. tvvnere ine waicrs 01 btud'the ctures on and the way of celebrating; it ever since. iiic, Tisa lhe' ta!Ki Stakes This interesting paper was prepared and .sldentrof Gently flow through the vales of the blest, read by Mrs. E..B. Wells. Where the fainting and thirsty may drink, S Idaitstohave -U,se lectures read in The Sec'y then read a paper .written by There the Souls that are weary find rest. tUn meetings, thatve may understand .Mrs. Lillie T. Freeze on the "Influence of alike, and mothers be ab'e to instruct the We shall meet we sliall greet-- All Thanksgiving" on tlie spiritual being; children and converse with the our loved ones irr fair Summerland, Primary and making some quotations given in literature, Sunday School children to make it We shall meet we shall greet truly ancient and modern, etc." profitable. Ali our loved ones in fair Summerland. .Miss oiea c?hipp lavored the club with a My sisters this hmW .m choice instrumental selection which was wmuicm 'Tis a land where the fajrest of flowers, .mat when wp rrt r ' "v ix.amuch appreciated. Deck the vales with their sweet works wilt follow us in the hands of our President Ellis R. Shipp read an original Where the angelic petals shed forth, ' children. Let us be wise, humble, peace poem on the subject of the hour. "ThanksEverlasting celestial perfume, rtuu not pruaent, God's giving." ful . We shall meet &c. I rovidence and all will bedistrusting . well Several of the members gathered around Oct. 15, 1893. In this beautiful land of the blest, Z. D. H. Y. the piano and sang Will Carlton's Thanks Where sorrows and tears never come, giving Hymn. To all our There is sweet rest for souls that are faint Mrs. 31. A. Y. Greenhalch, in compliance the'worldr Since writing the above I can In that glorious, bright, beautiful Home. surely " Doctrine rand the members. ' After expressing her We shall meet y Covenants especially the lectures on Faith, pleasure at meeting with the club this beread by all the sisters, as in the hen 'Tis a land where the Pilgrims find Temple all ing her first attendance, though a member, that work there meet, read and discuss these she described in a pleasing their trials and troubles are gone: style the manand eternal truths that edify and ner of observing Thanksgiving in Old Where the bright Angels welcome them home, lovely satisfy the reasoning soul. We do not say England, gave the origin of the custom in Tcf this land of the sanctified ones. and do, but come let us be strong we that country which dated back to the We shall meet r go do not forget while in that ,. precious place, Druids. c. l. w; '. the absent and tried;, the lectures .are read This completed the program and the and questions every week, if there- is a regular meeting was adjourned, benediction power in reason that removes doubt and pronounced by Mrs. E. Stevenson; TO THE SISTERS. gives assurance I have been fully' assured, Dainty refreshments were served acfor when the thought came tome it had not companied by the usual pleasant chat, Our Conference is now numbered with been tried by the sisters in.. the Temple. I during which time Miss Olea Shipp rendered some low, sweet music much to the enjoy- past blessings: how gratifying it wouldJ trust that every Stake President will com; ply and not delay in making it a request ment of all. have been for all the Saints to have parand eveu if read at .home, have some one The numbers for the December urogram taken of the precious instruction we rearc: Answering roll call by naming ceived; but believing all prayerful saints read it when together, you will have a portion of. the same spirt by which we are Authors, and a quotation from their most will receive a portion of the same spirit edified in the Temple, v by faith and prayer noted work. Essay on the Sixth Sense (or that will strengthen com fort, and encourage something else) L. L. G Richards; them in every circumstance and in all trials nothing doubting we shall see eye to eye, Our Sabbath Biography of J. G. vWhittier, Dr. R. B. having a sure foundation is a great consolation to me, the instructbe more strengthened Pratt; Selection from Whittier, Miss ion from our brethren to all that would School children-ca- n favor Zion and that the key was turned in at home by their intelligent mothers, who Patterson; Music, Gladys Woodmansee; favor of Zion, the thinning of the curtain may be weary with .toil, but by a little New Year's Poem, Mrs. Dickinson. Gladys Woodmansee, Rec, Sec. management the reading can be a pleasant that has separated from us the far off blesshome, entertainment; we all should 'be , ings. In the Sisters'.Conference President F. D. familiar with these lectures that we mayres REORGANIZATION. pect the Great Giver of these blessings and Richards instruction was precious; assurances for us to continue in our labors as we the Prophet of the living God who has A special meeting of the 8th, Ward, have ever done iii our society in all its laid down his life for the truth's sake. Relief Society was held in the Ward asZina D. H. Young. branches; it would have cheered every Dec. 5, 1893. sembly rooms, Salt Lake City Oct. 24, 1893, JiearLtoJiaveiiear tSugty - niiiree as on " lXit! I reading ft ook of Alma dt page. ) ; , rrcMuents or r TV'1, i . . . r j Eden-bloo- m; ' sisters-througho- ut -of " rest-W- ,? . ---- .,. - . ' . . -- -- . . for God surelygave will prosper n we are to our duties, to be sure suffer, the pattern and all humble and faithful that the needy do not Heavenly mission; that we may meet our Father's approval, and if great wisdom be used in our words to cheer, and with our deeds of kindness, that all may have the spirit of gratitude to God for our many blessings and I pray that they may fill the soul of every sister that we may advance in good works and that- we may be strong and united. - : myself and my Counse-- ' tors, Sisters Jane S. Richards and Bathsheba W. Smith are one in desiring God's special blessings upon our sisters, yes all, but especially those who have so nobly labored in the Relief Society . It was very much We three sisters, had to absent from our . Conference on account f ill health (but trust she will soon reaver) as it was suggested in her absence, that the President of each Stake organization of the Relief Society would act.as aids for us to call have said I, but we upon; (I three are the cononly ones that I wish to vey in meaning) that we all may be blest spiritually arid temporally. regretted by me ' be that Sister-Richard- s ing a new president our former one having U. W. P. C. passed away. This organization met on the 29th, day , r The meeting was opened by singing "We thank Thee O, God for a Prophet." Prayer Singing 'Oh by J. D. H. McAllister. of the month, November, with the new officers in charge. The meeting was held in my Father." the apartments of President Ellis R. Shipp "The following sisters were then selected who occupied the chair, and was called and set apart; Catherine K. Palmer, Presip. m. dent, Jane Cowan first counselor, Sarah promptly on time, ofThe meeting was opened by prayer J. Chamberlain second counselor, Jennie B. Wells E. fered by tlie honorary President Mortensen secretary, Jennette McMurin to was by Ass't. Sec'y, Eliza Frost treasurer. responded and the roll call ' The Thanksgiving . Sentiments, original or Primaary Association was alsp re:, selected. organized as follows, Sister Ann Cartwright Elizabeth Mrs. and C. Nellie Mrs. Taylor president, Jennie Mortensen first counselor, to admitted membership were Nettie Frost second counselor, Annie Stevenson, voted ir was Greenhalch Y. A. M. and Mrs. secretary. Remarks were then made by Sisters Elmina in as Vice President at large for the club. the of S. Taylor and E. B. Wells and Bishop The Secretary r read the By Laws Presiof Sheets, after which the meeting was adclub, and following a suggestion to amended dent E. B. Wells, they were journed. Singing "Guide us Q, Thou on members of Great Jehovah." Benediction by .Charles admit of the acceptance . -' writof instead the' Tuckfield. verbal recomendations the Laws; By ten ones hitherto required by was readily adopted by which amendment The way to gain a good reputation is to all of the members. endeavor to do what you desire to appear. The evening program was then earned . Socrates. out as follows: 7-3- 0, , , Cart-wrig- ht - , 