AMMAN'S in Ju ie, and only .fourteen HaTbirtn Hy's b'jiti ' EX POKKST 147: Dunbar, "Me A llistor an d Sisters 2h)a I)ILlr . ' ; Armeda Sy Yoii ng xgassUjJ11 ; recitation "Whistliin: In Heaven ; ' ' netting; a full snare, b7apffisi;. from the aud ience. Wluppoorwill's Soue" dfy the ana euectiveiy given, .city cnoir was sweeny and ihusie ;byclosed the brilliant erforniance; the verdict ToXaH was evening ....... 4 1 : ' ! . 8 ' ' much we owe, v "Was Willard Richard's paperY first, . J U i .J U j w . . i "VV forty-fou- wnicn Elders Samuel i V. Kicnards ana AdolplrMadsoirmade sliprt;speecl3es" " President Woodrufi a. d d ressed 'Himself to he large congregation-- , most impressi v ely by asking the" question "Of all .the,- mib' bright, and earlyv the streetsr began 'to fill, lions of the inhabitants" oi earth, who 'with boy s and girls, young men and maid- ' among them are assured that the judg- ens wending their way from albparts of ments of Ood will not overtake them?. the city towa fds t he-- meeting ho se , w he re He answered ' 'None .but those who have at rro a. ,ni. the Sunday school exercises; the priesthood and are entitled to its bless.... )rdiasrcQh.if: ings and ' priyileg.es-.phv." began. menced his of work out President Woodruff and his counselors judgments pouring ' On' been as has theearth prophesied by in- George C): Cannon Supt. of Sunday ' rspired me n 1- The- bo wers :6 f-- ther airTi re Schpf)Is ) and Joseph F. Smith, and more destructive than ever, and vShow, Apostle I?. I) - Richards, President Rudger.Craw.Son and counselors something. The Priesthood ha4s power and of Box Ivlder StaKe were in the' stnd. the heavens will listen to" the prayers of Other brethren and sisters of the visitors those holding the holy Priesthood. ..Great ch anges a re at 011 r d 00 rs a nd ma ly who are Were on the platform and the sight was in'-e. T.htr present- - and - their children will live to deed a -- ch a r m i n s: a n d tr or i 0 u 'Xsee them': f --' Nbody of the house filled with the .younger '. cuiiaren wasiice a nower garcien- on ly pr President Woodruff seemed .filled to mare effective because instead of flowers of prophecy and with onlyJhere. were the intelligent faces ahd QveriTowing solemnly testified that the angels Jiad. left-th- e brightNsyes beaming with joyjmd happiness portals on high and were now among of inauhundreds of children,. the- - "Hope His rerha'rks oi Israel. lnerevwere some exercises the nations of the earth. excellently 'ell rendered, both in singing were full of inspiration and the spirit of. and recitation,; but the time was mostly prophecy, and the' impression made upon can never be effaced from occupied by the First Presidency who made the congregation, -the memory of those 'who listened to his brier addresses and asked a few questions voice on that wonderful occasion1. Presi- - . suited to the occasion. r Ate2 p. m. the1 Tabernacle was filled with dent George O. Cannon also- - bore a power- ' The meeting was closed the grown people wt1kx had given place to ful testimony. with the entire assembly singing , the childejli in the morning, and the preach' Apostle franklin - D Rich- ing by the First Presidency, was solemn and impressive,' ".though full ofNencouragement ards pronounced the benediction.; and hope tothose who Were trying to live Monday morning the company proceeded in carriages" to Wilia'rd City , stopping a their religion and fallow the Savior' s teaching President Woodruff and hisuiuse-lor- s few moments at Three Mile Creek where seemed filled with the Holy" Spinf and the Sunday School children and their re to bless and with comfort he teachers had gathered with flags and- ban. ... a o desi i f f tf mircf ners to welcome the President and party. '. intro VvoT gratifying to the Saints 111 Box Elder to TT liave a i opport n n i ty--of heart ngthe-ageand children -- happilyand-the venerable President speakxxf his long and their way to Willard arriving in time for the clock; The Meeting WonderfulexperienceinyprocH almost the commencement of HouseVwas beautifully, decorated with Gospel from;. " tliis work. His intimate "associations with mottoesXbanuers and flowers, and the the Prophet Joseph his Brother Hyrum people were assembled and waiting. The and many of the Apostles, who. are now exercises .wete very. pleasing, consisting ot music vocal and instrumental, and. ad- passed behind the vail. President Woodruff's sermon seemed almost likr testimony" jlressej3ivere-mad- e by - the Presidency.- - ' ' Brother xDunbar brought out his bagpipes from the spirit world. '' Notwithstanding all the precious things'" aud Mrs.' Hull sung " My Western Home, that were said during the morniug" and very expressivly. "The Sleigh. Ride" by. afternoon servicestthe evening meeting was the Willard City Choir, was heartily apevn more' intensely interesting and .will plauded. There are some very fine voices The dinner given in the never be forgotten by those " who were among present. The singing was particularly ap-- ' City Hall was an immense sliccess; here The stand was again the tables were loaded with- - every propriate and elevating etc. and a dis-- ; filledjvith the presiding authorities of the variety ot iruit, vegetables " Church and of Bdx h,lder Stake of Zion play of dainty xoDkijag and -- handsomely Bishops etc. as well as Elders who furnished, and hall aiid tables decoratedTor ' were Temple workers. Meeting opened the occasion. A photographer was on hand, with his with, singing tjje .anthem, "I will lift up whole-seateas mine eyes"by"Brigham City Choir, prayer apparatus, and at the table was photographed. by :Bishop Valentine, singing ''Hymn Jof After dinner the party met the children in Praise" bv Temple Choir. President Snow announced that there Wlitd be short-- themeeting house, and the Presidency speeches from one to five minutes by he addressed them in their' usual kind and TemtMe workers including himself. fatherly manner.- At Willard the party ' Bishop John R. Winder was the first took the train for Salt Lake City. .' The whole affair was peculiarly interestspeaker, he was-- followed ' by Elder. John Nicholsen chief recorder, Eldejs Hiram ing and entertaining.' Nothing happened Groesbeck, N. W. Jones, James Sharp, W. "to mar the pleasure of the party, the greatest W. Riter, Jos. H. Dean, Bishop Romney, harmony j- prevailed in :all;. 'the diversified, ElderWilliamTSalmoh Bishop" Sheets gatherings, and it will long be remembered Elder Theodore McKau, Elders W. C. as an important and pleasurable event, ' - h ' Hi il'!'-Men'dpn;Brass"Ban- i ieber U. once stood. Wtiy not to j I dear memory a loving tribiue :' Npy af j une the ;Thfy-fourtthat J&mjmbsrjrrg 'rr"' , was his birthday. . ?i '"XTie Deseret News, to. whose good works, so very ' Wilson. .r The?? y h 11 - r , lj p. Uhh kiiQw, ?he was the The first PostHnice " ' ' " " Master in; ;:.XL' C (.'Tis IkifU to' .pa'use when ot such ,uen biog'ra- - ; y.J ; .pines bein:j ZIJiat;4-wou!d-t'rrf- i again' to God, and to HisXtessed ' ' ' Presi--dentLoren- ' this-means- ' " . And mention, if I may, something" which they, for ;JU have done? A year ago la-- t Spring, we, through the Prophet - - . zo .- ' 'S. Son;- - - ( . 1 .. -- 1 s--on - The key in favor of the Saints, in Jesus' hand was tu ra eq. 'j Zjl..: ; . . ; - ' Who has not felt the force of this? Who has not ' sen tlie pow'r " Of G 1, mnrjjjlainly m.'ijiifeststaceihate'ent- ful hour? I testify th u I d ) knoA-- ; and eich. fiber sense The. truth of Wi ford Woodruffs words.and' God's " . the-spir- it ' . ;. - i I . " ' Omnipotence. . "Christ holds the key; that loving hand through 'which the nailwas tdriv'n; His prayers unto-H- is FatheV reach; J lis people'. were forgiyen; Their' offering was accepted,, and; with Joseph at ..the head v ; -- " - . " - - -- ; ' - Of this List Dispshsitioi. , u ierrinjly they're led. ,.. God bl d! sshl JSophe ts of o u r, diy,-whfor. His ' x: ;'v .. . people. care; And bless the honest, pure in heartland virtu6us,' '"-C'1- . o :- . everywhere; , ...Who love the t tilth, and ?peak the -- 3 ve I " it; day by xlay ""T-li- And help us all to overcome the ilodlessTTemple ; trutantl evilijrijojlr-wa- yi ' ' . i-- - J . - - ; - zir good He sends. . - ' X 1 - -- party-wended- d litmgfleli' - ; Instrumental , selection Hoist by Brothers wereexceptiohally good and Mrs. Maggie ""Hull- sang with much feeling a favorite Scotch Ballad., . M. Young who was to have "giverr; "Chinese Imitation in character, gav'ejn- stead some comic meting in costume, which B-- createdmte of the audience, and then came a comic selection by a few of the Brigham City Choir "Peter,, Peter Ptjrapkiri Eater." Changing the.character of the entertain-men- t was an original- true story composed and read by Nephi .Anderson.- - The reading and the scenes described were restful and true to life and portrayed the talent of the .young man in story telling, though the pictures were not so powerfnlly drawn as , to be at all exciting. Next came Brother Dunbar with his wonderftib Scotch Bag: ' pipes which never failed to be ' 'a drawing card" for the applause of the audience, especially with .his peculiar explanations, given so graphically as no one else could uu uui rtrotner iin wr- nmco r AA.bjv , - - " -- . " : workers.and great light on ' them bestow; ' ' r: : Especially our President and head, Lorenzo Snow. j And. multiply all blessings on our kind Jiox Elder ' friends; 7 Then, how can we praise God'enough, for all the ' . .. .. " -- that-choir- .1 ' - '- -a ithe."-compa-ny l ' - . - " ; - " 