WOMAN'S 130 Home said, "I have President M.-I- : never possessed much enjoyed the testimonies of (the sisters. If the most of those who turned away from talk about woman's sphere as though it had a limit, other than " the world in which she moves. The author cf the following lines, may have exceeded even our own appreciation V of women; cease to we may the. Church had faithi the seed had fallen in stony places, and when other influences were brought to bear, it withered up because it had not much root. Sktpr T D Ahlpr snoke of the DOWer of the adversary, how often he deceived those who were not on the watch tower. Let us study our own religion, and live "near to God. Let us shun the paths where many have backslidden and prayer God's helo to be true and faithful. Counselor Webb made a few closing remarks. Sister Alder, read a note' from President M. I: Home stating she was not able to meet with us today and announcing the Quarterly Cori " i Richards. LADIES' SEMIMONTHLY MEETING. Minutes of the meeting held in the Fourteenth Hall, MarcJit ioth, 1894, Counselor Elizabeth Webb presiding. Meeting opened by ' singing:; 'Arise, O Glorious Zion." .Prayer semi-monthl- y Ward-Assembl- y we have had lessons to learn, let us cultivate our giftsand learn them. God desires sus to do tins ancix tnen we win know for ; The Lord will heal if our own guidance. we seek for faith. If is a day to seek unto God. Look at the promised signs, showing day. But the great events at no distant -Lord will be sought after and then He will bless us,and save us from the great calamities that have commenced In the world'. You come here'for spiritual food sisters, and I pray that we may all be faithful and true. Sister Lizzie Shipp announced a lecture to ladies for the following week, and a class to commence the first Monday " There s not a place in earth or heaven, There's1 not a task to mankind given, There's not a blessing or a word . There's not a whisper, yes or no, There's not a life, a death, a birth, That has a feather's weight of worth, Nf 'Without a woman it it." S. W. KXPONKNl ference. ' .' , - V in May on obstetrics. . y Minutes ofvthe meeting Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Sang held in the FourteentE Ward Assembly Hall, "Satan s empire long has Uourislied."-- ' Benediction. April 2 1 st, 1894. ' Meeting opened by singing, 'Jesus the : Lydia D. Ai,pkk, Act. Sec. Pack. Sister JuhV Giver." Prayer by Continued by singing. "Now let Us re NATURE. joice in the day of salvation." President M. I. Home presidin Minutes of the First Ward Primary were Vjjat is nature? It was the decree of God that went forth whe'n worlds were, read by the secretary. President Home said there were some made. It js shown in all His works. The heavens, sisters present who have been healed by How grand, how beautiful! the laying on of hands in faith,, and she the earth and! the sea declare His name. wished to hear from them, encoiirasred- - the The sun, that glorious orb of day, the sisters to bear testimony, for the Savior had source of light, heat and life. The moon, promised to testify before .his Father, of the queen of night, and the countless those who bore testimony ol him. numbers of stars that light up the firmalabors Sister B. W. Smith spoke of her ment. The air we breathe. The seasons of bore in the Temple, and many as they roll around, bringing seed time and testimony wonderful healings through prayer and harvest. Old ocean that years change not, faith of the brethren arid sisters,, in the lakes, rivers and iorests. t lue mountains Temple. "This is a world of trial and whose lofty peaks tower toward the sky. trouble to 'prepare us for a better existence. Nature, what a field for thought and The Prophet Joseph said it would take a adoration! Her book is open to all. "x The thousand years to perform the work for the animal, mineral and vegetable kingdoms, dead, so let us press on, doing good and no with man at the head. Man," the Creator's hurt. I pray that we may be prepared to greatest work: Placed here on earth for a meet tEbse who have gone on." nuroose. win me iime ever come wneii . Sister Mary Ann Hyde, President of the maukina wiiieanze as iney- ougni, wny ; Sanpete ,take of the belief Society said, they are here, and what they are here for? "I make it a point never to refuse anything How much sorrow and sufTeringmight be I am called upon to do. I have a diffidence avoided if they but thought of these things '. in speaking. We dgftt)t' live as near the in early youth. The laws of God would Lord as we should, so that we may enjoy be regarded in all thinsrs. spiritual and the gifts. I have been in the church about temporal, and they themselves receive the fifty years; and I was' taught the principle blessings. The mineral kingdom what a of plural marrkge by the Prophet Joseph source of wealth to. man? Its supplies are himself, so I know it is true, and I have inexhaustible. The vegetable kingdom,. C lived in that order nearly as many years as without which man could not subsist. I have been in the Church. I honor it,and What beauty! What perfection and order. I feel that great blessings are in store for There are seldom any freaks in nature and those, honorable ones who have lived in it," in her wise economy nothing is lost, a.U . spoke also of her hip being injured years though on one hand constant wear. Yet oil ago. After coming to the hospital, the the other continual building up. Should riot many" doctors pronounced her case hopeless, men's hearts flow with gratitude to the that she could never walk again. Said she giver of all good whose wisdom passeth all went on crutches for a long time, but understanding; Could such a world have and through prayer laying on of hands, been made by chance? No, man alone.has and the power of the priesthood, she could said, "There is no God. " The wonders of walk as well noW as ever she could. nature are to be seen all around, above, j Counselor L. btevenson stated that she I beneath. The unbeliever is to be pitied. had been at Grantsville.so that-shhad not His mind, that God-lik- e gift of intellect, ' attended the last meeting, 'the brethren and must be dark indeed, cheerless and hopesisters there were so anxious to attend the less. Religion, the love of God is man's meetings, coming sometimes twelve miles Only solace. in a wagon, yet, look at the empty benches ''Creator yesi Thy wisdom and thy word here today. It is true the nearer the church Created me? Thou source of life and good! the farther from God?" t Thou spirit of my spirit, and my Lord: Sister Delamare spoke on the fulfillment Thy light! Thy love, in their bright plentitude. z: Filled me with an immortal soul, to spring of prophecy, as seen in gathering hosts at Over the abyss of death; and bade it wear Washington, and bore excellent testimony The garments of eternal day, and wing Sisters Baubrick, Morris and Frances Smith Its heavenly flight beyond this little sphere, each bore instructive testimonies, and Even to its source, to thee, its Author there. Louie Stevenson and Sister Bregher. ' fE. H.Lyon, 1 . ;$eini-monthl- "- - v 0, Say What is Truth." singing, Minutes of' previous meeting read and ap. proved., ..... rO:..i.. ' " tTrvt.. t 4- - ..v. blessings we enjoy here, in Zion. f t,. Here we nnr fTlnrinne IVm rlp nrhinh hoc hppn dedicated to the living God. Spoke of li o no lA A A J k 1 CI lA tA- -, IIA iiilAll ; w , drawing to themf We know that their foundation' is a sandy one, also that we are built upon the rock, let our lives and good works bear testimony of this truth. Satan will pass off twenty truths perhaps to one he, yet that one will destroy all the truth he has told. Think of the words of the Savior, he said, love one another. Let us build up the kingdom of God. Sister Mary Silver spoke of the General Relief Society who had given employment to poor women, making comforters and rugs, thought they had done much good; some ot the comtorters were lor. sal stated their quality and price, and called on the sisters to purchase some if they could. Ad- . tfint chf wns tlmnVful flint tlhf 1V91. n . Latter-da- y Saint. Thought we should be careful of our words and our influence, for we will be held responsible for the same. Sister Julia C. Howe said, sickness was often sanctified to us.knew how it had been when we have been healed by the laying on, of hands God expects us to arise and testify to, it. He likes us, to tell of his God bless you all my sisters. goodness. Made other good remarks. Sister Morris told the sisters to bear their trials and not let their children ' know of them, keep them as much as possible to themselves. Sister Paul bore an excellent testimony to the truth of the Gospel, spoke of those in our midst who had been healed by other means than the. laying on of hands. She had seen some healed, and some die, although the same means were used. Sisters be not deceived, let us cling to the truth. I know we are built on the rock, and I have seen the signs follow as promised. Sisters Forsythe and Reid each bore testimonies to the truth of the Gospel and earnestly desired to be faithfnl. Spoke of the Relief Society doing good to the poor. Sister Aird bore testimony, and said "The Kingdom of God or nothing for me." Sister S. E. Brown and M. Brown each spoke well, and encouraged the sisters. A sister in the congregation bore an excellent testimony. Sister Irvine thought all should worship God as. they desired, but wrarned the sisters to look well to themselves, and serve the true and living God. Thought rlprl s : . 9 f - I t i - ' , " ; : -- e -- : - .V.-'V- 