j WOMAN S EXPONENT ;c A t- - silk portiers, the design to be the Sego Lily heard f it from their friends came q see it and for themselves. We feel that if the wa," (the floral emblem of Utahr designed The. men of Utah can receive some assistance embroidered by our own ladies. and will. take hold of this' industry, which portiers'as a proof of our wise selection is so particularly adapted to women and were 'received with profound, surprise, it. not having been known that such a quality permanently 'establish it, it will give Hhnr of a profitable nature to many of our woof silk could be raised in America.' Mrs. Manraret B. Salisbury, National men and be a great benefit to the nation, by from Utah, was asked if keeping at home a vast amount of money The raising of the worm is a labor which is Utah could make an exhibit of silk, which, " of seriextremely interesting, and to the womanly France. might lead to the encouragement ' In 1876 a Territorial organization was culture in j the United States, if an ap. heart brings out a loving care and interest which makes it more than mere labor effected, called the Deseret Silk Association, propriation could be obtained from ConThe money being procured the The reelfng demands such1 an acute and1 (Mrs. Zina D, II. Young, President.) fpr gress. the purpose of promoting the industry by offer was accepted, although the Fair was gentle touch as can only' be found in the then onen. As no silk had been raised for hands of women: The weaving furnishes .means of united efforts. Auxiliary associations were formed in several counties four years this was no easy task at home, a broad field for artistic work in coloring in which v,:omeiivere active directors tind rTerrAvesacceeded in collecting a number of and designing, as well as light labor, and will bring to any industrious woman a .practical workers' Cocoons were raised in silk, dresses, silk shawls," scads, iringes, large quantities, but i'or lack of means hosiery, knitting and sewing silk and twists,' profitable remuneration, and should it not a quantity of reeled silk and .cocoons, be a great source of pride to any young womanufacturies were hot permanently esman who could raise prepare and weave tablished." .During one year this association these,, with the portiers. , made our cases 4 paid to operators i;50O. and the quantity- - both, artistic and interesting. We also en- - the silk in her own owns. As has been stateoT there are thousands of silk prepared was 400 pounds,-The- re gaged a young lady born ana raised in have been raised in Utah over twenty eight Utah to reel, and a woman to weave and of mulberry trees already growing, the climate is well adapted to the silk worm-ththousand pounds of cocoons. procured a primitive loom, reel and twistfreedom from disease which is so fatal Utah silk was exhibited at the Centennial ing wheel, with all attachments, which Celebration in Philadelphia, and examined had been '"used here in the early days. in damp climates, and with hundreds of women anxious to engage in the industry, This exhibit attracted a great deal of atby experts who attested to its excellence, "' and awarded a diploma. Utah cocoons tention and in the last catalogue issued it things look propitious for the development have been placed on the market in San Was prominently mentioned as one of the of an industry to be established which will Francisco and Philadelphia and pronounced most interesting exhibits in the Woman's be a source of considerable wealth and revenue to the Territory. a very superior quality. During the" Building, and of especial interest to infailure of silk worms in France a large dustrial women. Margaret A. Caine. Among those who quantity of eggs were sent there, whielr visited it were many foreigners who were were considered by them to be very good, experienced in seri culture, who were Very CONVENTION NOTES. and for which we received a very high much interested. One Frenchman who is This for a time found a market for engaged in selling French silksin America price. The Riggs Housewill be the Conven said of one piece of silk which he was large quantities of cocoons also. IrTthe manufacturies" of the East little looking at "That if we could raise silk of tion Headquarters, where the Correspond has been done jn reeling silk, and as there that quality we had an unknown source of ing Secretary will be glad to receive any is no duty on the unprepared silk (while all wealth which would be more to us than persons arriving in Washington on of god if properly, Wednesday, February 14, and desiring to manufactured silk is imported under a any amount call for special information. heavy duty) they seem to prefer importing manipulated."- Many kindergarten work State Presidents and Members of the silk in bales, our people not having had ers took notes of every detail, and think it sufficient experience to make them perfect will be a wonderful thing to introduce into Executive Committee Meeting, Thursday, reelers, and our silk in that condition could their work. Women interested in industrial February 15, at 9 a. m., in Metzerott's not pass the examination to which it was homes were jnst as anxious to. knowr all Hall. (Small Hall second floor.) Complimentary tickets for the evening subjected,. therefore could not be disposed they conld and felt confident, that if taken sessions have been reserved for officers and of. At one. time the manufacturing of silk up in a simple way, would furnish interestthread was quite extensively and successing employment for their girls, which delegates, and will be furnished to each State President for her delegation, imfully carried on by Judge Alexander Pyper might in time bring a very profitable reWe sincerely- trust the mediately at the close of the Thursday in Salt Lake City, and for some time Z. C. muneration. do a great deal of good in the morning session of the Convention. exhibit will M. I. Shoe Factory was supplied withthread, direction for which it was intended, and which i fc said was very much better than Among the distinguished local speakers will who we will take part in the sessions of the fully appreciate the benefits any they have ever been able to import. It that which it has brought ta-uat home. was also much desired by saddle and harapproachiug Convention in Washington, are the District Commissioner Ross, who ness makers because of its superior strength . Our silk was examined by a committee of will This enterprising industry was brought to Japanese" under the Department of Manufac welcome the Convention at the opena sudden end by the death of its promoter. ture, and awarded a medal and a diploma, ing session, and the well known Hebrew Thus when we wrere brought in close com- and under the department of agriculture by Philanthropist, Hon. Simon Wolf, who will munion with the East by the' railroads, and American experts, who also awarded it a speak on Saturday evening. The President's Evening a new and very having a country so very rich in its resour- medal and a diploma. Besides this a vast ces and it being no longer necessary for the amount of valuable information was obattractive, feature of the coming Washingmother to make the cloth with which she tained by the exhibitors, which the Fair ton Convention, will be Monday, Feb. 18. clothed her family, the culture of silk was with its visitors afforded, which because of Each State president will be limited to becoming alhing of the past. But we are the secretive way the arts of raising . and seven minutes and "Time" Will be called. now being made aware of the fact that with preparing silk have been held were before So that everyone who attends 'the Convenour rapidly increasing population every unknown to us. Besides the exhibit made tion on this evening will be sure of having resource of the country must be fully deat the Woman's Building the ladies of no opportunity to sleep. veloped, and we hope in the near future to Davis county contributed a set of furniture" establish manufacturies and put up with a (seven pieces) to the ladies reception room little inconvenience in the silks we wear, in the Utah Building, Rev. Mary Traffern Whitney, of upholstered in home until we learn to do the work perfectly. raised silk, it "was a brocaded West Somerville, Mass., was invited to preWhen the Board of Lady Managers sent with a spray of wild sage green side over the meeting of the Unitarian sage, the color haran invitation to the women of Utah, desir- monizing with the other in the clergymen of Boston and vicinity recently furnishings to them contribute ing something to the room. The upper part, of" the windows and did so with grace and dignity. decoration of the Woman's Building at the were festooned very artistically with cocoons Ladies in New Zealand have the franWorld's Fair, it was d .tided that nothing and a fneze of peacock would be more representative of the thrift gether presented to thefeathers, which to- chise. They also take their hats off in the weary: sight-see- r theatre. If this is a case of cause and and industry of the Territory and so entiresuch a restful and cool appearance that it effect, the cause of woman's suffrage is ly woman's work as a pair of home raised was; greatly, admired, and many having likely to have a boom. Lowell Times. ly; it is estimated that there arc at least of mulberry J two hundred and trees in Utah, at present. i lie services ,ot some experienced from France have been secured to give instructions to the people in raising the-- worms. Uuder the direction of Mrs. Duuyon there were raised in six weeks 700 pounds of cocoons, which at that time were worth 2. 00 per pound in fifty-'acre- sen-culturis- and-Ital- , i ts y " -- . H . m .a e . . ; . ' -- - - -' - it s - ; 