1 WOMAN'S" KXRONKNT. A 151 I try mg to live thcengion and aid al! ':5?? great work; 7X bod spirit is .manifested by the sisters" whenever the teachers visit them. - (President JeSse NsSmith made some remarks on home industry, and urged the sisters to , use care in the preparation of foodr tAIso spoke tfjheir using good taste in the .adornment of their persons, but suggested that whenever practicable it should be the, workmanship of their own -- sexes should be very choice; in their selec- - some encouraging remarks. Bishop N. (fr tlon.ofrconipanions? for life. Murdock, 'Counselor T, H. Giles, Bishop The sanies ofthe officer&pf , the Central Watkins and President Hatch each made Board and Stake were presented by the interesting and encouraging remarks.! and ;unanimously5v sustained by very secretary President Hatch presented the Stake Officers a the congregation. Counselor Mary L. f the Society and they were alljuuanimous-- ' Ransom, spoke on ' the observance of the 1 sustained. Sister Brown thanked, all laws of life and health, economy and, inwho had in any way helped to make liis dustry, the influence of the mother over her conlerence such a success as it had been. and offspring etc. The meeting then closed unadjourned the conference for six mouths. 2 p. m. til hands. Singing, 'Know this, that every soul is Afternoon session: ; The speakers were free." Benediction There was a meeting of t Tip Watkins. Sisters Tatria-arcCluff, Ransom and Warren, 111 the Hannah Harbour, See. evening of May 27. Remarks were C. Merrill, who spoke in Jelialf of P. made by a number of the his wife, Syrena first counselor to President yisiting sisters The subjects of home manufacture and the East, who was detained at home iii conseu. W. C. of a purchase carding' machine were touch-e- d quence "of ill Health: also .S&er Nanev upon by all the speakers. The- sisters Rollins and President Eastr , .Meeting of the U. W. P. C.,heldat the subjects voted to assist all they could in purchasing spoketi' on 111 the - morning were referred to office of Dr. E. R. Shipp, May 31st, 1 - y a carding machine. E. R. Shipp in the cliair. and enlarged upon, particularly that of the President Hrama S. Smjth made closing responsibility of the mother in the rearing! Prayer by E. B. AVells. Roll call responded remarks. Hoped we would be more ana graining ot her children. Conference to with quotations from Pope. Minutes in the future., meeting read and approved. Miss adjourned for three .months. "Benediction Woodmansee Gladys gave a lecture upon r by G. W. Williams. the Stake Secretary. of subject psychology, M,' E. Shipp Sarah WEBB,vC9r. Sec, ; a) vocal selection. A poem written by gae U: R; Shipp was read by Mrs. C. Louise SEINGVILI,E MEETING. "WASATCH STAKE. Boydon, Dr. R. B. PraU read a paper on .: On June 14th the W. S. A. presided Editor Exponent; V thebsophy. A- - recitation was given by over by Sarah A. Boyer, held a meeting at Ellis Shipp. President Shipp referred to Conference, of the ReSpring ville at which Mrs. E. B. Wells, liefThe Society of AVasatch ktake, convened in the visit of the U. Wr P; Association and Zina D. ' H. Young, L. John Nuttall, Brother Kelsey and others addressed the the meeting hohse at31idvay r May 3 1 st some items of interest she had 'gleaiied audience on the question of woman and 1894, at ten o'cjock a. m. and '2 p. m. from them. Dr. E. B. Ferguson, club critic gave criticism upon the various President Emma Brown and Counselors beher. responsibilities. An interesting feature of the programme ing present, also President Hatch and L. numbers of the evening program; said was a recitation by Miss Nellie Boyer'Our H. Giles Of the Stake Presidency, Bishop she was sorry that the lecture on Feeling had not been giyen before the Will where Watkius of Midway, Bishop N. C. MurJamie, ' which' brought tears to many. ; Will is the king faculty of At 2 p. m.'the Relief Society presided over dock of 'Charleston and several other Elders. it belongecias exercises during the Conference the mind and had it been given as the The by Mrs. E. Packard was addressed by the were singing veryf creditably rendered under the climax, we could better realize its true above named ladies vand Brother Nuttall, of Elder John. Huber of. Midposition in the mind. after which a number took the 4:04 train to leadership After benediction, refreshments were way. - Conference was opened at 10 qvclock Castila; returning at 3 next morning. served and the usual informal chat was inThe elegant supper, the baths, etc. , were by singing, "Softly beams the. sacred dawning etc." Prayer by Bishop N. C. dulged in until time for adjournment. the company. highly appreciated! Murdock. Singing, 'My God the spring, Program for June 30th: Woman's Press Nettie Crandael, Sec. of all my ioys etc." The roll was called Clubs, L. S. Dickinson; Pen Women, E. B. twenty officers being present. The minutes Wells; ... Thirty minutes discussion on ST. JOSEPH STAKE. V of the morning session of the last; con Theosophy, by the members; Music, C. L. The Relief Society of St. Joseph Stake, ference were read and accepted. President Boyden; Original , poem, Mary A. Freeze; met in conference, on -- Iday- March 9U1 made a fe6pening remarks, after Quotations from .the writings of Emerson, Gladys Woodmansee, Rec. Sec. wdiich all the brandies except two were re1894, in the meeting house at Thatcher. President Wilmirth East presided. Meet presented as being in a yery favorable (Coheld at 10. a. m. and 2. p. m. ndition, those I reporting also bore, strong ings, were W. S. A. ' Present on the stand of the presiding testimonies to the truth of the Latter-daMinutes of the W. Sr A. held June 19, priesthood were Presidents ' Lay ton and work and the benefit of the Relief Society. Johnson, Patriarch P. C. Merrill and Counselor Sarah Alexander spoke 'a short in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Hall. President "time, and after singing conference was ad First Vice ' President Adella W. Eardley in Bishop Claridge of Thatcher. East made a few opening remarks in which journed till 2 p. m. Benediction by Elder the chair, Sang, "Come Away." Prayer she expressed her thankfulness for the Conrad Abbeggleu. by E. M. Price; Sang ."America." Roll health of the people generally, aiid the Afternoon Session Meeting . opened at called, minutes of April and May read and beautiful weather which had permitted so 2 p. m. by singing, "Earth with her ten approved. Mary Lois, 'Morris- read E.' many to meet together; testified of the evil thousand flowers." Prayer by Elder Wm. R. Snow's poem, on "Nationality." had which is abroad in the land and exhorted Speech from Zerviah T. Eardley, Day bell sen. ; Singing by choir and- cdii in the organization, her name enrolled the sisters to diligence in the performance in Woman's Rights, we of therrduties. Suggested the reading of burning. " The minutes of the afternoon was a firm believer session of former conference were read and inform our minds upon all subjects. Wothe Lectures on Faith in the Doctrine andCo man' sinfluence is felt, was connected with in the Society meetings, explained the accepted." The statistical aip financial rey,duties of Relief Society teachers and port for the six months ending February YoungLadies and the Relief Society, but emphasized the importance of visiting the 28th, was also read and accepted. President;! thought home duties should come first, sick and destitute," whether Jew or Gentile, Brown spoke encouragingly of the reports with management we eaq spare time for many things, women should have the right urged the societies to keep on hand material as rendered, also gave, some very good for the burying of the dead . timely counsel to the sisters. Stake Presi- , tovote, and when doing the same work as dent of the Primary Association, Sister Ann; man should have the same pay; then read a Verbal reports were given from the followooem entitled "What woman makes man." ing branches of the Society, Thatcher, Murdock, related some of her experiences, Xf hird Vice President Julia ; iJruce made Spoke of being present at' the, first meeting Pima, Lay ton, Central, Graham, Mathews, rsf Second Vice some excellent" remarks. Pp'lipf lipid in Salt T.ake CitV. J k Bryce and Curtis, which showed them in Wl thf d in tongues President E. M. Price read from the. good condition with an increased attendance and said one sister there spoke the interpretation given was that this :ma?i's Journal, a piece on Elections. Dr. .during the last quarter with one or two' y;--;society should extend throughout the Ferguson referred to an article read, and exceptions. mountains, said this was literally fulfilled to ; explained mmy points in regard to what ; President C. Lay ton said the sisters this also gave good counsel to the mothers pcarf be- done through legal quibbles; referred morning have taught us life and salvation. Mf; A some governors wno nau All should be cared for especially those born and bore a strong testimony; to the, truth Ot to the actions 01 10 heirs to the kingdom. The young of both Mormonism. Counselor Mary Daybell made VM3een elected tor the ropunst rany, aiso ?: -- ( -- : ; J .1 . 4 ; - by-Bisho- p - h . . P-- - S94,-Presiden-t - self-sustaini- s ng . -.- - -- - . ' . semi-annu- al -- 1 -- : - . . T , ' y - - , nts - anf i -- - : An-ip- tv X A. W A A W I V -- I Wo-an- ' : - . . 