WOMAN'S Follow'd a tremendous chaotic crash The carriage was o'erturned-wi- th awful clash . EXPONENT 143 "Since thou hast that important question un- .'masked, Tell me, should woman with the ballot be task'd?" Away with shatter.'d carriage the' horse did dash'- To my escort I clung in wildest dismay, lie spoke, '''From the decree of Heaven I this A telephone post I now saw did lay .'':"'";: quote: Right afront of us, right in the steed's way-Y- es, In the affairs of men, on earth remote, ancTtn'e buggy swift into it It is woman's right, yea,duty to vote." smashed: I felt my poor body against it lash'd "And man," he added, "does her shamful wrong But knew no more-per- haps air cut and gashed. To steal this right and keep it from her lonj Somehow and strange I carried far away was Because he is politically strong- wncre lniaminanty Keeps its laws, "Go,. tell all humankindjfbneaTth below, . Where I knew neither space, time, nor cause. Heaven is displeased with this evil they sow, And it seemed to me I lightly went Which threatens the whole sphere to overgrow." a narrow Along path which never bent, And he was ceased. Silent, awhile I thought,. Which led us onward thro' the firmament; ' Pleased with the favorable decision, wrought Nor was I alarmed at this trip so strange, In favor of woman's using the ballot. E'er farther from where my knowledge did range And delighted; indeed, to heir he'd said But all within me was calm as the change. I should go, bear the news, with reversed tread, Now seem'd to confront me a huge gateway, " To where the man dwelt whom I should wed. Built of polished stone and architecture gay, But, catching a whisper from Reason's tongue, Enshrouded in effulgence of brightest day. 1 said, "kind being, thou tlost ken I am young, And something to my mind seemed to state And when I return humankind among, Here is where mortals, seeking Heaven, wait "Unless I have reasons foMhis epigraph, For the Judge Supreme to decree their fate. ' Earth's wise men will call it naught more than Without impulse, reason, or notice, ; chaff, AH by unconscious volition passive, And at its bearer deridingly laugh; . Three raps, to come in at the gate, I did give; I pray thee (allow me o to intrude,) Some reasons with this thy message include Thereupon the mighty gate opened up wide Reasons plain, clothed not in similitude." A form, in pure white clad, stood inside And gazed on me in silence, deified, Awhile he deeply thought, and then he spoke: As if to question me from whence I came, "When ask'd the whyfore, by earth's learned folk . What was ray business there and what my name, Tell them the AUwise says woman should vote I staramer'd out, with speech somewhat lame. "But, if reasons further are desired, ' For I, myself, knew not what I would there: Say the only requisite required, A lone one but in rarity attired, "Oh, pardon my disturbance, thou so fair! But, what name dost thou give this place of the "To enable one to cast votes with sense air?. In the properbaskfct of the balance, Is good, sound, mental intelligence. He answer'd, without a moment to wait, In tones whose sweetness could intoxicate: ; "Now, the most ignorant man who treads life's "This is the Celestial City Gate." s shore, I dead? am I then Because he is born man and nothings more, What, thought tomyself, Is allow'd to cast his vote against or for. Have I from my earthly body fled? Then, J, in wild. anxiety, said: Then why should not woman of sense born, "Can I return no more to my beloved land? Yea, many capable Congress to adorn, Be allow'd to vote on election morn?" All who enter this, gate," quick came the com ; , mand, "Thy reason is very fine," I then said, "Nevermore ruturn to the mortal strand." "And it seems to me of such good logic bred "Oh, let me not enter then," my quick tongue "That it shuTdf coince'the most .stubborn head." ran, "I am in love with a mortal man!" "But," I continued, "what will I say And my poor heart sigh'd, as anguish can. When worldly wise men into my ears bray Politics are not for women to weigh. Oh, how did I pass to this place of shade ''Woman's duty is with her children at home, Without knowing from my true love I strayed, To see that they in the fields of learning roam, Without a last kiss upon his lips laid. From books and men all usefulness to comb?" Without his face so true at my dying bed! Observing me much fatigued, he then said: "Kind sir, I am betrothed," I then said, "I see you are tired, both limb and head, "I love: Oh, I must return to be wed!" Set yourself down on the verdure there spread." me unto spoke, The personage, heedless, V cloak thro' So I did as bade, his heart good as great As if not seeing my speech's . The Sat myself down on the lawn by the gate, grief which was about my heart to choke. when I was seated his voice did state: As if he had heard not one word I utter'd f burden'd heart which flutter'd "Tell them that it is true woman's place From Is the marble halls her home to grace, I in palpitating anguish as it mutter'd: Teach her children to shun everything base, But, as if aware and knowing full well The exact locality where I did dwell Mould them into upright men and women pure: In the Womau Suffrage Question dell; In short, make them as near perfection's picture As is possible for effort to procure. Spoke unto me in these words aliquot: "Your mind in restless broil is toss'd about, Then ask, but how can she this duty fill vote." should woman not or whether To know The highest to which motherhood can thrill, blood to chill. Surprised I was that the stranger knew my mind To think of it causes my I wonder'd in wonderment cf vacant kind, Educate her sons in such wisdom wise could I find;' Stareon him with all the eyes That they may be enabled to arise To the statesmen and leaders nations prize, v Soon, recovering back myself, I ask'd, Without herself understanding, at the best, Governmental affairs either East or West, How the nation either lives or builds it4 nest. , H Then say no, she cannot; She must understand every pianK on. wnicn governments stand. To well teach her sons to govern the land. r , . And say when all this nation lore she must learn; With all this set and ready her tongue to turn, Tnink you she knows not whose best fit to govern? . V Think vmt Oirh intplli(rnrf ir pnrnmnKii'H TcTbewith aliens, savages and beasts class'd, It should not be allow'd a vole to cast? " ' ; -- - . ; - - ; . , -- r-An- my-grie- . "" . Andodd after sh 3 has thu? trained her son, Ever since his infancy begun, For statesmanship or leadership to run. "Then,, would you deny her, at the end, Him into his place to send, The privilege her vote to him to lend?" . long-hoped-f- or "Truly, kind sir," I said, "thou dost, discourse we'll . V. ' ( . Arguments mighty enough an oak to fell, And the most sturdy in the forest dell." V"7 Yet, realizing what a golden chance Was now before me, what matchless intelligence, I desired the being's mental lance Down the skull of every question to cut Which were to men's eyes on earth ever shut, And ope them up; so I this query put, After being assured I did not intrude; , In asking further question, I was not rude: Perchance, when I am in earthly habitude, Some arrogant person-shoulunto me say, ;' -we Suppose grant it thee that woman may Cast her ballot on fair election day, She would the very selfsame ticket vote As the judgment of her husband did denote, So would do every woman in wedlock's boat. ' d . tne others a l nus no siae wouiq nave over ' ' "". ,; gain, Neither candidate would have the longer train, Than tho' woman should disfranchised remain. ,; Moreover, and allow woman to vote', Domestic discord, yea, wrath does promote, ' By putting debate in the household afloat; One will say this is right: Jhe other, no, And the sequel will be discord's painful woe-F- iery anger exchanging blow for blow. If she'll hot hand in hand with her husband go, We'll from possession the ballot throw And, thus far, compel her to do so." No sooner had I ce; Jed than he began, 'From the knowledge I have of earthly man, With unerring truth, I think I say can, That to allow woman her vote to cast, , Will not of necessity the household blast With matrimonial discord's cruel frost. hr Wherever it does brew some little discord, There contention ever holds a ready sword, d And quarrel lurks behind every word. Let us assume discord it does produce: red-eye- Is woman'more than man the evil deuce? Should the wife more than the husband beg excuse? Now I "beheld come o'er the speaker's face Pleasant expression, bearing distinct trace, Sparkling "in his eyes, up his cheeks running race, As if this question of wedlock's discord Had nigh cast arguments overboard, But now he had victory o'er them scored. - . He went on, "As to the mischievous stone Which might be as argument at you thrown, You a few moments since to my ears made ; known .. : I 7 