. 'j LAK-- CONTENT br . A ft. CITY, UTAH: h inquired of j. DECEMBER 15, 1894. eadiv.sr. l)yJ.3V hether- No, there 'again till the whole, vlljageosslpped about He Cometh Not A Story". Utah E'mme jjjrHvas"iiiiy'r tidings, yet from Mrs Barton, for it; and "Miriam was so .upset, ':' she declared, B. Wells. 'that she went off to her uncle's, so' s. no-- ' Woman. Suffrage the village folks were all "agate" to hear the news; audeach one wanted- to be first body should see she was cut up about the Mrs.7' Ewing's Puddings And Association. to carry the glad message if, sucli'it should nrarriage. tL The truth was,' she .went yvway Sauces, R. S; Report Ann Cv Woodbury. Wobe (for the master was a great favorite, he'd until the gossip should for she Was man Suffrage Column L.D. Watson Notes ' been "horn often said .to a sensible young;, won: an rand youti ;Bartoii And News, Obituaries. Wist Bountiful among'em' they, each other,) and there were no doubts in had really, gi veii her to uuderstaiid what he EiJiTpKiAL:-rTl- 3e Old And New War. Mr. "their minds as to the object of Dr. Went- - meant by, "the attentions, " .Mrs. Gentry New Book. Editorial Notes.- Lambqurne's r worth's visit. talked of so much. The evening grow late and still no word Welba-daE. R. . Poetry: Impromptu whoever heard t he like"said -- j ; - National-America- n - die-out- , . "' " -- - '. ' . -S- 1 ong-Prayer y Alice A. December Ditty Shrpp. r '"'.. " BrotherTon. r came," the doors, were shut, for it was cold, and there was sharp frost in the' : Williams Mrs. Graham to IJzzie. as the girl repeated to her mother the scene at the Barton's the bit-Te- -- air; nie music trom the Uhure ram out night before the Christenings oil her visit- clear atid fulb of pathos; and the village home afterwards' "Little you tho't sittin IMPROMPTU children heeding not the cold, could be seen; there in the Church' so solemudike, what a in groups, going here and there singing fuss our. young mistress bad been making IN SOLITUDE. , V snatches of Christmas melodies as thev with the master the nigliF afore. rseV O Father grant to me pray tofrom door threw door s of holly, Goodmau told the whole ..thing to me, she spra Thy choicest,rarest bless. ng! Vrheii the had ceased and quiet would'nt think of his his fathhilarity . That I may be through" every day was settling down and while, the Christmas er's nameas if Charles wasn't a grand name, In wisdom's ways progressing; , bells. were ringing joyfully, nurse when kings have, borne it, as -- Master told ' That l may seek thy light divine, Goodman came down the oaken staircase her; but no he must be called for; her grand-fathe- r Fronv mortal sins be free. in her soft slippers, her face beaming with the Adniiral, and she had her way, Let all my thoughts and hopes entwine Round virtue, truth, an Thee. pridethough tears were 'on her cheeks', and but I do think its a pretty name Shirley ' ' ' opening the door of the great dining room, and nurse said as how," the master wanted O Father grant to me I pryy where the master sat by the open fire, Miriam Gentry to be the child's godmother. A victory o'er each failing, andr announced ere entering and the mistress flew into a passion directly, restless,easy That on that bright Eternal Day . the room "ye may 'n come up n'ow Maister and she said, "Yes I.'ve heard of your atI'll not be found bewailing Barton as quick as ye like, ye; ve a fine son tentions to' that young woman, and. a nice Nor grieving o'er what might have been born to the tune o'.the Xiiias bells, and he'll scandal 'twould be if she. were to be god- Had I but been more noble,; be mighty hicky, I'm sure, for he roared as no, I've sent for Aunt Grace, and And placed my thoughts on Heavenly things, V we could na hear the bells ring she'll be liererpresenlty," and sure: enough,' And not on worldly trouble. Many a good woman peeped out inquir- nurse said, just then the door bell tang, and before Mrs. Barton had quieted down, Miss ingly from behind her bedroom curtain O help me by tky powerful aid, Doctor's gig rattled over the frozen Holton (Aunt Grace as she calle'd her) had ' O hear myprayer most fervent! .1 ground, long after midnight, but at the her things off, and was in the room, and That in the end it may be said; first" gray dawn of morning the news that such ,a flurry there was; but Mr. Barton ' "Well done thou faithful servant. an 'heir was born , to Master Barton flew was as sober as a Judge, and never a worcl I know For sphere like' wildfire from.. house to house. And did he say, so she had it all her own wav, Is but a brief probation. such a Uinstmas there had. never been since 4 and Masterhas-sCTceTypoa svllable 0 may Ilhen be faithful here, Bartohs time so the villagers in the house siuce.:'.' gainxan exaltation; one and all declared. "And to think how fine and we E. R. Shipp. - The women were not fond of the young all were and w ishing them joy likepleased that, and mistress, she was'nt their sort, "young she to think my Miriam not master should have wed one. of the girls for godmother to the boy; (he's a reg'lar from hereabouts, and not gone off to Bristol beauty for all that) and I doubt me "he'll HE COMETH NOT : for a stuck-uyoung woman, I doubt me be as proud as a peacock, andiojd it over she'll put fine notions into trie, lad's head the workin men j.v4?en tr his CHRISTMAS IN AN. ENGLISH VILLAGK. Gentry to fathefs shoes." 'replied Mrs. (J en try to A her neighbor Janet Graham,-- after her first Janet Graham w hen she heard what LizIt was. Christmas eve in ; a small manu- - visit to told: her mother, rehearsed to her as' baby. J:, in in ddn'-i8 r "Now be prophecy in eyil to the lad, soon as Janet could set time to run in; and facturing village England early '. t n and preparations for the usually :gay he s to be Christened tomorrow anu nani r tne viuage Knew tne storyoeiore twas lizzie festivities were going forw;ard; young men tells me, the boy's robe is two yards-an-d : a a week old. and women were arranging the mistletoe aiid' half long, and the lace-i- old Venetian ancL Time went on,- and the village prospered in of homes the thevorkprosperous holly his head is so thick covered with golden until it was quite a town, and Mr. Barton in of and the .many, ing people, cottages, curls, that Mrs. Barton told 'the nurse Tie who was the successor of his father and the beer had. been brewed by the prudent need'nt wear caps, (though 'they're all the overseer at the Mills, grew rich, with one housewives, .who took care "the master i finest lace,) but Tiurse would'nt - hear to' it, invention and another, and his wife was as should drink his good ale at home, instead and our Iizzie says, as how Mrs. Barton haughty, as he was amiable; and as much of joining his comrades at the village inn.; Wde herself sick a cryin and a frettin disliked as he was beloved. One more son Everywhere it wa s plain to be seen that about the caps." Lizzie Was Mrs Graham's had been born.to them, nine years after the "the yearly Xmas festival was drawing. nigh daughter, and a sort, of lady s maid of all first, but he was a delicate boy, while outside Church one little the work to Mrs. Barton, and she was never Shirley was strong and manly, and a greater was profusely decorated within, and tired of: repeating to her mother what her favorite than even his father had been, in best dressed their the choristers mistress said and did, and Janet, assher Miriairi' Gentry remainedMajBtleand-was-mother.w- as ready were winding their way thither to rehearse always called, told everything the boy's first teacher, and strangely enough " the sublime choruses. to Mrs.' Gentry (with" whom she never as he grew up; he clung to her as his Not far from the church in one of the about anything however) Tor she had which vexed his mother beyond expression; most pretentious houses the yillagej eould a kind heart, and Mrs. Gentry was envious, and she contrived by all means in her pow-thboast, there was bustle. and confusion; the young Barton had not taken to her er to keep Shirley from her, which only made the Doctor's, gig stood by the gateway, and daughter Miriam, to whom he paid "great matters worse; Miriam had a younger-sistecottagers looked anxiously up and down,and attentions;'' as she repeated oyer an; oyer Charlotte wjiojvv 1 SONG-PRAYE- " , R. . 1 11 - v - even-having- Z-- , -- "' . . 1 . - - " . . -- . - . ": : -- v as-th- . " -- e , -- -- , ! " w-el- l this-morta- l . ken ; 1 I" "good-enoug- h ' . p ( he-step- vherjJie-grovTS-imsaid'- ": AIrs. s-i . I see-th- e ---. t -' '4e1iad' 1 , i it! . 1 : . "r.;-- ' c. ; - s . - r . r . , " ivy-covere- d . . - ideal-agree- d at - ; r 