J - W. S. A. UTAH SIEK ASSOCItlONr " Minutes of W. S. A held April 17th, 1894, third Vice President Julia Druce in the chair. Singing- "Search for Freedom" . Price, singing "Help prayeij by Mrs. the Working women. Roll called "by the Secretary. Minutes of the., previous meet ing read and approved.- Dr. M.y Hughes Cahnon being the first on the program responded, gave a very interesting address on the rights and ability of woman, dwell ing on the force; of character of the Spartan women and the courage of the Roman women; recited "The Gladiator." Spoke, on women being accused of too much slavery Jo fashion to have anything to do with politics brought to bear the time when men shaved off their hair and wore very wigs. Mrs. li. al. rnce spoke on Statesman Elizabeth's Queen eloquently Mrs. W. Hyde spoke on SufElla ship. frage proper; thought there was not the shadow of a doubt but what we would one day get the franchise, exhorted us to study the suffrage subject. Mrs. May Talmage was invited to say a. few words, stated she had been absent so long did'nt feel prepared said it was the same with suffrage as other things we must study and keep ourselves bright. Mrs. , Fox made some interesting remarks; recited a poem "My Fortieth Birthday', composed by herself wrhich she did in, a very sympathetic manner. Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball Honorary President gave a short address and all uded "to the honor .conferred upon Mary the interestmother of the Savior in ing way and referred to traditions concerning Mary and the angel Gabriel. immoral Mrs. M. A. Freeze thought-imen like Colonel Breckenridge could help make laws, when the women got the franchise they would elect better men. President E. J. McFarlane suggested we had a spirited poem recited or read every meeting, her remarks were followed by a few words of counsel from Vice President Ardella Eardly, the ladies adjourned to the parlor and were entertained with music and singing by Miss Fay McCune. Meeting was then adjourned for one month. " M. E. Irvine, See. -- - . " -- y f ' '. John Brisben Walker, publisher of the Cosmopolitan, has decided to move his plant and publication office from New York where he now to n, resides. . Mrs. Olive Thorne Miller has put into a book called "A in the ' West' her observations and experiences of birds in Ohio, Colorado, and Utah. v While a student at Oxford, Mr. Gladstone was one of the competitors for the Ireland scholarship but failed. "Desultory ' beyond belief," . is what the principal examiner wrote on Gladstone's paper, and he went so far as to charge the future statesman with "throwing dust Into the examiner's eyes, like, & man who, when the King?' asked, who wrote 'God-Savanswered 'Thomson wrote 'Rule Britanna.r Bird-Eov- er , e I 1MI DCiAWl Arrive Salt Lake: 12:40 p. m. " 4:00 4:40 0:10 10:20 2:00 p. m . ' 3:00 " tC:30. " Dally " " " tl0:10 eicent Sunday. f Dally except Monday. Olsen's Orchestra in attendance every afternoon and evening.Fare round trip 50c. D. E. BURLEY S II. U. Clark, Oliver WvMlnk,: E.' Kilo! y Anderson, T .1 tip Gin. Aot IteceiTcra. Pa. DrtT. .A T iYederlc Ti. CkHiderffj G.F.CULMER & BR OS., Manufacturers ot $mw Chm, Mirrors And Aspiialti'm Vaunisiies. DEALERS IN Window Glass, Paints, Oils L . - Vice-Presiden- 1 Brushes UBR ICA TING OILS. READY MIXED PAINTS "TTZLTH JLJ' Or JO and Diamond Wall Rlnisri. 19 COMMERCIAL AVENUE, Salt Lake City, Utah. . ws THOMAS 26, 28, 30 and 32 East i st Sottth St., SALT LAKE CITY. C. M. Allen, Secre t; tary; Margaret A. Caine, Treasurer. Board of Directors: Margaret B. Salis bury, Isabella Bennett, Zina D. H. Young, Amelia F. Young, Emmeline B. Wells, Corinne M. Allen, Margaret A. Caine. The Leading Retail House . Cash. K 41. Si EL 9 OBITUARY. Moulton will sail for Europe about May 26. Mr. and Mrs. Rudyard Kipling and the baby Kipling have sailed for England, where they will spend the summer. Irvington-ou-the-Hudso- . ' by-la- Wells, f ws A rticle 5. Meetings. The Board of Directors' shall, meet, fort nightly on Tuesday at 11 a. m. A quorum shall consist of four members. The Association shall meet twice a year at such time and placie as the Board of Directors shall designate) One third of the member ship of the Association shall constitute a quorum. Article 6: Amendments. Xhese may be amended at any regular meeting of the Board of Directors by a two thirds majority vote of the mem bers present, notice having been given at a " ' v previous meeting. Margaret B. Salisbury, President; E. B. . 0 6 1 1 Leave Salt Lake: 7:15 a. m.' - Board. hi Commencing May 31st Train between Salt Lake and Garflelil will run as follow: Utah Woman's Silk Association, Article 2. Object The object of this association shall be to encourage silk culture in Utah by disseminating information, distributing silk worm emrc nntT nrr in p- ai a central bureau for the sale of cocoons and the manufacture of silk. Article ?. Officers .and ExcctitiveBoard. The officers shall consist of aboard of Directors of seven members, to Jbe elected annually by the Association; and the Directors within a week after their election shall from their number, elect a President, Vice President, Secretary and Treasurer. Article 4. Membership. Any woman residing in Utah may become a member of this Association, by signing the and paying an initiation fee ot cents. The membership fee twenty-fiv- e and all other moneys raised by the Associa tion may be used for the expense of the Association at the direction of the Executive by-la- 1,111,1 Mil This Association shall be known as the NOTES AND "NEWS. Mrs. Xouise Chandler II) -fl Name. Article 1. - E.-M- bylaws. T- It is with feelings of sadness we have been called to part with one of our sisters. Sister Amanda Person who suddenly and unexpectedly departed this life on the morning of the 24, of Jan. at her home near Sandy, the cause of her death after a brief sick- being premature child-birtness 01 only a lew snort nours. She was born in Ostamar, Sweden, her aere twenty seven years and two months and was the wife of Henry M. Person. She was the. mother of five children, four of whom, including the infant buried with her, are dead. One only, a little boy five years old, being left. :. Sister Amanda Person joined the church in 1878 and emigrated with her parents in I880, her residence being at Sandy, where she gained love, and confidence of ail who were associated with her She was a true wife and mother and a faithful Latter-da- y Saint. She was a member of the Relief Society, The funeral services were held in Sandy Meeting House the 27th Jan. The large concourse of sympathizing friendsvidenc-e- d the respect and esteem, in which the family were held. Dear Sister Amanda, thou art gone To dwell in realms above, To await the resurrection mora When you'll meet withy those you love. DUNFOED'S Will sell you any Shoe In their Mammoth Store at actual h, - Wilhilmina Olsen, Prest. Hilda Larson, Sec. ' ' COST PRICE. FACTORY "... 'V ,' DON'T MISS THIS SALE. "' :' - ' 57 SOUTH MAIN ST. ilia's toft Gii-iritiv5 Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- POISE WAISTS, ETC. DreM Making In all its branches, Millinery '! cleaned and retrimme styles, I lata and Bonnet Feathers curled, etc Stamping dore to order. B tons covered while ycu wait. Bnrlal Salta a SpeeJaltj 1NO. A "W7 l Q WEST TEJIPtC STBTE opp. Grant Bro s. StcbJei 