140 EXPONENT. WOMAN'S and gave the sisters great credit for the George Q. Caimnn, and later, singing relief given to those in needy circumstances and instrumental .music by Miss' Maude and their general labors, spiritual and tem Pratt and her sister Hermit;, and some pleasing exercises of the instruction given EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor, poral; ditorial Ccntriutr, ANS1E H ELLS CAHNOX Xamtlia, to the Deaf and Dumb in that- department the we attended 24th, Tuesday, April of the University and the Sunday School. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published of the Y. Li M. I. A. in the Mrc Annto AT meeting Pnminti 'i:i twr Terms:- one copy one year, Ji.oo; one copy six months, Thomas S. Carrie Mrs. Ward this of 7th citv. recitations in. her usual genial style 50 cts. No reduction made lor clubs. City papers delivar- - pleasing was The hall oresidin. tastefully ered by mail, extra lor postage one year, 25 cte. ox and manner, but the sweet spirit that was Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil ranged and the decorations were superb, manifest throughout the entire gathering space, one time, $2.50; per month, J3.00. A liberal disblossoms. fruit and flowering early plants . count to regular advertisers. was icmiui iiuu. uiapujug, uuu uic party' as most Miss a Wallace Rose interesting gave a whole was a perfect success. Exponent office, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Build- ng, M am street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Business hours from sketch of Emma Smith, wife of Joseph the I 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Prophet, the first President of the Relief Monday, April 30th, was the qiiartetiy Address all business communications to Society. Other speakers were, Sisters M. I. Conference of the Utah Stake Relief PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Home, E. S. Taylor, M.' Y. Dougall and Society held at Lehi, the President Mrs. Salt Lake; City, Utah. E. B. Wells. Refreshments were delicious rz. D. H. Young and Mrs. E. B. Wells at Entered at the Post OJScr in Salt Lake City, Utah, as and gracefully served by the young girls. tended. Arriving at Lehi we found Sister Second class matter Certainly the Young ,Ladies Association in Mary John with her Counselors and Secrethe seventh Ward is making great tary, $isters M. Daniels, D. Billings and.C. ' 1894 June i, Salt Lake City, Daniels, had already arrived. We had a spiritual progress. The Woman's National Press Associa most enjoyable time. The sisters at Lehi are THE FIRST OF JUNE. tion, in acknowledging courtesies received indeed spiritually minded. After meeting we during their trip to the Golden Gate, Mid called on Sister Evans, widow of the former winter Fair, Woman's Congress etc., pub Bishop, went on to Provo the same evening. Brigham Young's Anniversary. fished in the Washington Time's Washing Next day Convention of tkeW. S, A. was-h- eld there, President E. Bullock presiding. This the first day of June is quite a red ton D. C, mention in connection with railletter day among our people, on account of roads to whom the Association was in- opeecnes aim cAciLiscb wcic very nue, its being the anniversary of the birthday of debted for kindness and liberality ) the gene- great progress is being made in the county. over the rosity of the ''Saltan- Railroad company at A choir of young girls came up from Spanish Brigham Young, Church so many years and. was also trrly a Salt Lake Citv for a trip to the noble Fork to sing for the Suffrage Convention, Moses unto this people, a pioneer and leader pavilion at the'Lake, ' ' thanking them with A fine dinner was served in the hall, to into these mountain vales, where he found others for the favor. - ' 'Likewise they re which all were inviteol, and it was a very ed towns and cities, and established order turn sincere thanks to the, Utah Woman's enjoyable affair. The:same evening feisters and maintained,, peace. It is useless to at- Press Club of Salt Lake for its generous Young and Wells met with the Relief tempt to recount Msgood deeds, his enter- greeting, for a drive throughout the city Societv in American Fork and had n vprv prise, his great leadership, his power and and for other courtesies." This notice is irteresting time, Mrs. M. .S. Hindley who ability in organization, extending into every officially signed by Mary S. Lockwood lias presided there about twenty five years '.. President and M. E. Torrence, Secretary, 'was present, though on account of her hav department of progression. Let his memory be kept ever fresh and and is published in other leading papers of ing a severe cold and cough Mrs. Ellen the capital and other places throughout the Clarke conducted the exercises of the green "by our children and children's children." V: meeting. country. r to issued all invitations His family have May 3rd, was the anniversary Thursday, Wednesday, May 2nd. a sociable enterillustrious of the relatives the departed of the birthday of two of our dear sisters, tainment was given in the 14th Ward Hall President to gather in the parlors of the Susan H. Wells and Bathsheba W. Smith, by the Guide Class, under the auspices of historic Lion House and perpetuate his and as they" are intimate friends, a tea party the Y. L. M. I. A., of Salt .Lake Stake, memory and the family traditions by as- was given in honor of the day at the resi- Mrs. Mary A. .Freeze presidine. The hall sociating themselves together, and becom- dence A. and-S.-H. Wells was beautifully fitted ' up and ing better acquainted with each other,, and which was a very pleasant affair. The ations of plants and flowers were- - riniply the history of their ancestry. It is a beau- guests were few but all dear old friends, tiful tribute to the departed hero and vener- whose greetings were sincere and heartfelt. magnificent, apple blossoms everywhere in : profusion, but mor beautiful still ated Saint. T Miss Kate Wells and her sisters Miss May great were the intelligent faces of the young wo- The children of this people should be Wells and Mrs. Annette Culmer did the men assembled there. The roll call was -. taught to observe his-- birthday anniversary, honors in a very graceful way, and the and those who have "charge of the, young delicacies served at the tea were most de- responded to with brief sayings from. as instructors might arrange fitting amuse- licious, and highly appreciated. These- old rresiaent wniora vv oodruri s sermons certainly a delicate compliment to our vener-- ( ments and testimonials to be observed, and fashioned home-lik- e visits are far more able leader. After music and prayer keep the day in remembrance. the than crowded tea enjoyable parties Mrs. Emma Goddard successfully The Primary Associations have some of where everybody .meets and illustrated the work of the: class;- - Miss Rose everybody them made it a holiday instead of May day, that's all. The friends whom one has because of the . weather being more known to be ever true in adversity as well Wallace gave a brief sketch of Joseph enjoyment, and also as prosperity, should hold sweet convert Smith the Prophet, his life and mission. propitious for out-doMaggie C. Shipp spoke interestingly as an ovation (so to speak) to one to whom now and then from the busy world apart. upon the circulation of the blood as part of we are all of us more or less indebted for for the saying of George Eliot is indeed true. the physiological lessons the class bad the great pioneer work, that made this "The deepest hu lger of a fa:th ul heart7 taken. Mrs. Alice K. Smith read an Is taithfu ness." country habitable for us and a desirable original poem specially spiritual and upplace to dwell in. The illumination of the .Ma29th, a very eniovable lifting in tone and sentiment. Addresses Tuesday, Sal tLake Temple in honor of the day was a was dinner party given by Brother and were then given by Presidents Wilford part of the program, and music, speeches, Sister Laron Pratt at their residence. The Woodruff; Joseph F. Smith and Mrs. E. S. song and recitations were rendered by the present were, President Taylor, General President of the Y. L. M. family. In our next issue of the paper principal guests and: daughter: President L A. Delicious refreshments were' served wife some further notice will be made of the Woodruff, George Q. Cannon and wife: President, to the invited guests by the young ladies of proceedings. Joseph F. Smith and wife; President Angus the class. One specially pleasing feature M. Cannon and wife; Dr. J. M. Benedict, of the occasion was the presentation by the wife, sort and daughter;- - John Q. Cannon class to each of those who ' had been their EDITORIAL NOTES. . a T Editor Deseret News; and wife; Sisters Zina J r ri 01 an exquisite Douqueioi loveiy msiruciors vv- bmitn E. B. j flowers. Mrs. Minnie J Snow, Mrs. May T t ainsflei? The annual meeting of the Relief Society w Mrs John B. Tal mage, and Mrs. Emma Godard o J? xaoigaie, of South Cottonwood wras held in the Avtlr tV . o. ana Miss Ada Anion? the invited arney were. meeting house, May 17th, Mrs. Mary Raw- Patterson. Besides the pleasant social con-- : President Lorenzo (rtifcirecpnt F. M. Snow, jostles lins presiding. The hall was pretty well versation and excellent and well served and H. J. Grant, Elder B. H. Lyman filled and the annual reports made a very dinner, theie was an appropriate Roberts, several Bishops and good showing. Bishop Rawlins was present speech President tinguished ladies and gentlemen who are . by Woman's Exponent. - ' - iir seini-inontnl- y, - - . I - y ! , ' who-'preside- - d . , , ' ' , . of-Sister- s-L the'-decor- - -- - . or , . ! ! I ! a. , " 1 1 . 1 P' dis-after-din- . 