I ' WOMAN'S:,' EXPONENT. 44 That, should woman to cast vote allow'd be, Vote tHe ticket her husband did would she, And thus would be better'd neither nominee. Hurl back imo their faces this mighty blow ' We who would have woman to the polls go Wish her the same vote, as her husband does throw; Thus far, neither candidate would better'd be; But within our fair nation's boundary, ' According to the census,referee, Many million more women than men dell, Who have no husbands whom they can tell To vote the wishes which within t hern swell. Now, should all these go to the ba lot box, To vote the decjsion their good sense unlocks, Politics would be clad in different frocks." letter U INI II b MJ ill mi Lk folio: and OarfiVl.l . 12:40 p. in. " 4:00 2:00 p. m.;3:00 " , u 0 4-A- . - . 0:10 " tG:30 , Arrive Sail lake: i fit): 10 fDitj Dally except Sunday. except Monday. Olsen's Orchestra in attendance every rfternoon andevening.Fare round trip 60c. S II. II. Clark. Oliver W. Mink, E. Kile y Anderson, John W. Donne, D - Receivers. E. BURLEY .lOii, Aet Pa. Dct, P.;- Frederic K Coudert.J G. BR OS., R CULM ER Manufacturers of A ND . .:, ,(-:- Minofe' Show Gabe'b, In memory of our dear friend and president, MargarerF, D. McxMaster, of the Eleventh Ward Lake City, who departed Relief Society,-Salthis life 21st ol April, 1894. - The funeral services were held in tne Eleventh Ward Assembly Hall, A crowded asthe twenty-fourt- h sembly of relatives and friends gathered to pay theirjast respects to our honored president, who always gave good counsel and had a heart full of sympathy to the poor and needy. She filled . this office for tenSears faithfully. five sons and tour daughters to She leavesher gain; she has mourn her loss, which will children. She has fifty grand and great-gran- d been associated with the Eleventh Ward Relief Society ever since it has been organized, and held offices as teacher and treasurer, previous toner, being chosen president. .' She was bora in Orenock, Kentrewshire, Scptland, 15th of May, 1822, she arrived in Salt Lake bn' the first of Oct. 1854. Sister McMaster has ever, been firm and faithtul in the GospeL Sarah McMaster,"! JENNETT MORRIS,COUnSelrS mm r 1 7:)5 a. m. " 1U:20 OBITUARIES. they, I 1 Leave Sail Lake: V,"" Yes,their taxes the men's salaries pay Who would the nation's laws, of reason's clay, Who enforce them, who interpret what mean 11 - -- , nn K r Salt Commencing Ma " 31st Trains aWUeen will run .;. r Furthermore, the fiery debater did say, "All these masses of womankind yearly pay That with which our natftJTrksdbts does defray. V A I i X I S It KS . A S PII ALT T ' M t But are not allow'd a ballot to cast-- Not allow'd to say they want he who last Marches the good man in virtue encompass'd. - What would any private employer think, Who pays the hands w'io weld link to link Of the commodity which brings his chink, - If he could not say that man I will hire; This mm, when his term of office d jes expire, I will bid fron my services retire? Why, he would declare it such an outrage On human liberty that no savage Would tolerate it., lived he in anvy afe." 0 ... As the personage this last sentence said, I felt something shaking and shaking my head; Soon I heard my name call'd Winnefred! Winnefred! - v - Louder and louder the calling then seem'd; I oped up my eyes from sleep bright morn ' , gleam'd, In surprise I look'd around I hacTdream'd. ' J. S. Robinson. April, 1894. . . Elizabeth Hoper, : DEALERS IV ' :;- - -. Windcv; Glsss Paints Cils & - Brushes. LUBRIC.fl TLYG OILS. ! , .. , X3T READY MIXED PA INTS TTCJ 59JC4. "and Diamond Wall'Klnlsh. 19 COMMERCIAL AVENUE, Utah." Salt Lake City, , , . I'll' Itt III -- ; -- . mm just received from Lily Lord Tift, Secretary of the Association for the Advancement of Women, states that tlie Congress this year will be held in Atlanta with a supplementary Congress at Tuskegee. The members, will stop at Kuoxville,Teun. and perhaps hold some meetings there. They will take a day at Maryville to go over its college where two hundred pupils are being educated without regard to sex or color, according to . an endowment made about one hundred years ago. At this school the visitors will see whites, blacks, Persians, Syrians, Indians, Japanese, Chinese and East Indians, Mr. Shaw of Pittsburgh, left this college one hundred thousand dollars, and Mr. Fayre weather one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. It is only an hour's ride from Knoxvilleby train, and it will be one of the great attractions of the Southern trip of the A. A. W A R.KTHOMAS Sec, 26, 28, 30 and 32 East Isl SoiitbSl.,. Maria Bidgocd Barnes, Treas. SALT LAKE CITY. IN MEMORIAM. : ' '. " Died, March 8, 1S94, in Uintah, Weber Co., Utah, after a lingering illness, ofconsumption, Maria Eveline Keyes, aged 4S years 5 months The and 29 days. Deceased was born in Kane Co., Illinois, September 10th, 1846; her father's name was Joseph Terry, her mother's maiden name was Hannah Bemis.OnApiiL27, 1862, in Oregon, she was united in marriage to Aima Keyes, and came to Utah with her hus and in 1S66, and settled in Ogden. She was the mother of thirteen children, five of whom preceded her to the Kipling's Vermont neighbors character- spirit world; five sons and three daughters are ize the auther as "odd." He is never seen still living. The family settled in Uintah, April, carries never his without pipe, spending 1884; Sister Keyes joined the Relief Society the and was chosen treasurer in 18S8, wears with him, shabby clothes, same year money office which she faithfully filled until she was says "begad" a great deal, drives shaggy called away by ourHeavenly Father to a higher horses, and likes to play with his baby. wife and a loving faithful a was ... sphere; she Will tvll you any Shoe In their Mammoth Si re at acta J I made and kind and friends, mother, many always ... i Our standard of right and wrong is usually ready to do good to anybody whether in "the FACTORY COST PRICE. very lenient to ourselves, but very strict Church or not. She remained true to the. life. father her mortal Her of and end to mother others. We reference shall be with members of the Church of Jesus Christ of DON'T MISS THIS S AXE in some hereafter degree by that were judged Latter-da- y Saints when she was born. Peace be standard according to which we judge to her ashes. 57 SOUTH MAIN. ST. .: others here. Rev. R. Gridlestone. Resolved, that while we feel the deepest sorrow in the loss of our departed sister, yet we know is easy to live in the, world after the that our loss is her gain, and we, therefore, bow world's opinion; it is easy to live in solit-tud- e submissively to the will of Him who doeth all say, "Thy will, OLord, be dope." after our own. But the great man is things well and S we cherish her memory and" that Resolved, midst of the in the crowd who he keeps emulate her virtues, and strive to carry out in our sweetness the with perfect independence of lives her motherly counsel, which was ever so "' Keeps on Hand his character Ralph Waldo Emerson. wise, in temporal as well as spiritual things. Resolved,that we extend our heartfelt sympathy DRESS GOODS AND America once TRIMMINGS, FANCY in told hermit when A me, ; to the bereaved family, especially her husband, AND ARTICLES NOTIONS. BOOKS I asked him whether he fonnd that way of sons and daughters, who so lovingly tended her AND STATIONERY, EQUIlife had lessened his temptations: "Dost during her months of sickness, and who need that POISE WAISTS, ETC. counsel which a wife and mother alone can give. thou not know, friend, that a tree which Resolved, that one copy of these resolutions hi Drefw.TIaklne inall its branches, Millinery, lt more itself to is winds to exposed a by the be grows family, copy entered upon &;yl s, llntn and Hon net cleaned and rctrlmmcd presented 4 than of record Relief another that stands the the and storms Society, one copy be FfHtbern curled, etc. Stamplnff dorc io order, haf Woman's to the sent for Exponent trees coTtfred while ycu wait Ilnrlal Salts other with in the woods?" surrounded SpeclalO publication Rachel President. Gale, TST TEMPLE STUEET . George Whitefield., Q WEST Susan Stewart, Sec. 1NU. A11 :p. Opp. Grant Bros, tables miscellaneous: Leading Retail Cash Iriousr. R.K.THOMiLS DUNFORD'S e - ' ' - - It WiiH " ti-n- s :- - 