110 EXPONENT. WOMAN'S - A- - Christ will reign here and be our King. MayGod our teraaj Father bless us in our associations, for we cannct do without them. Whenever you pray and you want it to have power, effect and virtue, ask it inj the name of Jesus Christ. " Conference adjourned for three months, singing; "Guide us, O thou great Jehovah" benediction by Bro. John T. Allred. Mary A;. F. Hansen Stake Sec. r Spring City Jan. 15th, 1894. r MARICOPA STAKE. r . Editor Exponent'. We held our Relief Society Stake Con ference Thursday afternoon, March 15th, witn a mil nouse, an tne wards were represented: had some good instructions from both- brethren and sisters; good re ports from each Ward but I believe that our Lamanite Sisters had the best report in the stake. We miss bur" stake president .brotnerwi. kodsoii somucn.it was so seldom when he was able that he was not at his meetings and gave us such good counsel, but our loss is his gain and he had been quite a sufferer for many- - years. Our commenced Sunday tstake Lonlerence morning March 18, and closed Monday afternoon had full houses both days, more than the house would hold conveniently. We had good reports from each Ward and good instructions from the brethren that spoke. We rather expected some of the Apostles. with us at Conference, but they failed'to get here, hope some of them may. -- 4 - - be with us soon. Our meeting house is. now entirely too small even for the Sunday School and during the winter at our Stake Conference we are much crowded, we have a Bowery to use during the warm weather but' still we need a Stake house very much. Our Stake Academy has closed and Brother Broadbent our teacher has a night school t wo nights in the week. Some of our people are getting the Mexico fever bad, some have gone down there and others will go in the near future. This is a good country, it gets quite warm during the Summer but it is generally more healthy- - then, than during the w mier. limes are ramer uuii nere now and money scarce but we suppose from what we can hear times are as good here' as any where else. We have quite a number here who are not of our faith but get along right well. The weather here for a few7 days past has been quite cold for the time of year and for this country. Very Respectfully, ' : M. E. d Crosby. Marietta Holley maintains her popularity. Her last book, "Samantha at the World's Fair," sold 40,000 copies the first three weeks after its publication. Another victory, was won in the Massachusetts House of Representatives last Thursday. The municipal woman suffrage bill wTas passed to be engrossed by the decisive vote of 90 yeas to 79 nays and 28 An adpairs, making in all 118 ditional section wras added to the bill, providing for a .vote of the men at the November election on the question: "Shall municipal suffrage be granted to women?" But the women will have the law, and the expression will have no legal validity. -- , to-10- 7. - LADIES SEMI-MONTHL- Minutes of the it would le a benefit to us. Let; us cling to the spiritual gifts. ; Let go some ofjhe temporal, 'f he more humble we live the more of the Spirit ofHfod we will enjoy;" gave other good counsel. Sister .Sarah Phelps exhorted airpresent, to be iuithful to theirduties and. not lose the spirit of the Lord. Closed by speaking in tongues, which was interpreted by Sister MEETING. Y Semi-monthl- meeting y held in the 'fourteenth Ward. Feb. ioth. ,i 894, President M. I. Home presiding. The congregation saner the hymn: "Oh! happy souls who pray.". Prayer by Sister Julia Pack, continued by singing "Welcome best of all good meetings." Minutes of previous meeting read and approved. Also, minutes of second and fifteenth Ward Primary Association President Home said ' 'I am pleased to be' with you today. My heart rejoices in listening to the minutes of the Primary Associations. I had not the privilege of attending such meetings when young; btit was always a faithful Sunday School at-- J tendant. All these meetings "are calculated as blessings for us. The ..Relief Society was organized for the blessing and benefit ing of the poor. We come to meeting to gain spiritual blessing. There are many temptations to lead our youth away. If they were faithful to their meetings and other duties, they would have more power to resist temptation. We are promised if we will seek first the .'Kingdom of God; all things else will be added; unto us. We should be careful, at all times not to speak evil of, or judge our fellow beings. There is one above who will judge all. Let us seek hinr' in prayer continually. The calamities we read 01 daily are necessary We must fortify ourseives against all evil. All are trials, still we can see how well the Lord has blessed his people, in living up to the spirit of God; think of the wonderful work the Prophet Joseph accomplished, and the many trials he endured I love to testify of him. There are not many now living who have met him face to face. Much more might be said but I want to hear . Paul. . fntiir LtXll ..at--.. - from" my sisters. . Counselor E. Webb "I know the spirit of the Lord .is with us, how greatly we are blessed, in being privileged- to come here in peace, and testily ot the goodness ot God to us, hischildren. If we could re z that it is not for our much speaking,' but for the humiMty and meekness of our hearts, I do think we vould pray to our heavenly Father to keep us humble at all times. We should prepare ourselves for - . bur work in the Temple, the attendance is increasing, which proves there, is a waking lip in this great work for our dead. " Made other good remarks. Sister Elizabeth Paul "I am very much interested in the Primary Association, my children have nearly all acted as secretaries in the Primary Association. I know they. have been greatly benefited by their e sociation with the Primaries, I know Lord hears and "answers our prayers I have been healed many times. Have ceived many The Gift blessings. Tongues was bestqwed upon me, many years ago in Wales. Sisters I feel that angels are present with us today." Sister Zina D. H. Yonng "My thoughts have dwelt on the subjects touched upon by my sisters this 'afternoon. , These meetings were established by President Brigham Young, for the benefit of the daughters of Zion and .for the blessing of the poor This Hall was dedicated and set apart for these and other meetings. President John Taylor stood here, he was a martyr to the cause of. truth. He laid his body down with bullets in it. If we would read in the Doctrine and Covenants Sec, fifth and sixth as-th- " - cJctore alalia tlirt mrri tiAn un- - rr vuiifjiv-jjUiiu- it! in il 1 . UUIC itestimonies of the goodness of God to them when tempted and tried, and of having been healed by his power. All spoke of the good Spirit present, desired to e aid in the building, up of faithful, and the Kingdom of God. "Counselor E. J. Stevenson, made some con-tinu- . excellent remarks, advised those present to put their trust in the Lord. "Stand upon your feet and testify of his goodness, my heart is full of love and peace! I love to meet with the Saints of God. I think it a - . ,. VVV1 Llllll LW lllVk UllV.ll it jv-i- u un.j, v C dont want to be extravagant in our refreshments. We should be plain and simple in allour ways." tTri ' her closing remarks President Home said "I dont wish to dampen the good Spirit of the meeting; but there is an item of business I wish to mention. At the last meeting of the Board of Directors ,o the Woman's Coop, it was decided to give re- ports only once a year. We are doing very well considering the dull times. 'I know, the Lord has blessed our efforts. We have not had the support we should have had. c t.: i. it iiuu auiauit an rr oumc mv:cui iiu uuuk. aumr, will, give their patronage to other stores. They think our stock is too small." We could carry a much larger stock if we had the support we should have. I hope my sisters will consider these things. Be awake to 'their duties and sustain all Home Industries. Sister Phelps made a request that , a special prayer be offered, for our missionaries abroad. Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Saifg the Doxology. Beneediction Sister Lydia Alder. . . . r Jl - ' Vilate Young, Sec. Svnopsis of minutes of the Meeting held in the 14th Ward Assembly Semi-month- ly Hall Saturday Feb 24th, 1894. Counselor E3. J. Stevenson presiding, opened by sing-- , ing, "Come come ye saints. " Prayer by Sister E Paul. Continued by singing "Do what is right." Minutes of previous meeting read and approved. Minutes of the . sixth ward also the fifteenth ward read by their, Primary Associations respective Secretaries. Secretary asked to be excused; and President Home called on ' Sister Alder to take the minutes. President Home spoke of the many . blessings we have received, said she had not been quite as well- as usual, but hoped . that the sisters would arise and bear testi- mony: ' : ' Sister Snow spoke of being sleepless at night, but that her mind would constantly take up her life from the present time and carry her backward to her youth Said she had done this so much, that she come to think that her Heavenly Father, was showing her, her long life and bringing things to her remembrance. Why she did not know Whether because she was soon to go and commence a new life, or not. She felt thankful for the restrbspection and desired to to be faithful during life. . 