XT. dcntly iopcd the meeting will prove bene-fci- 117 al frBiucntly Kiveii to those who did'uot need It, lOUlKl in her mv w i' poor, Presidents should instruct the, tt.a :rs m regard ' , , u,;.7.v ,.1" i rinr VlfliTtnt th iir.iiif the "whichn uj n uian arti' liberality ofjhe people in donalil heartily m sympainy wi.tn the home industry during the uinterand made other remark? movement and with the efforts of the manufacturthe affairs of the ers bureau, and that they will support the Relief ... and we deed, thought should be' Society as well as spiritual and should notpractical lose sight of the object of the first organization, of U. W. P. CI the meetings which was retrenchment. Spoke further, on this subject The U. W. IV C. met rby special re-- , and of the necessity counsel! quest on the evening of the 16th of March, ' and the performance of every duty, at the office ".of Dr. E. R; Shipp. After Counselor E.. S. Tavlor pointed'.' out the prayer by Mrs. H. A. Badger, the '.minutes' necessity of officers and members of the were read by the Secretary, and the roll call Relief Society being- united and wnrt-inc. responded to with selections from the poets. hand in hanjd with the Bishops. Spx)ke of I he names ol Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson, uie evns oi lauit hnding, those who , did so isrIaude-Prattliss-PeaflulICss" were the ones who never did to as:'01ea Shipp and Mrs.-- Pamiie Stewart, of sist the cause.' Said some anything of the needy Pleasant Grove, were proposed fur member were too proud to ask for help, teachers ship and voted in as members by (lie club. should have the spirit of discernment to All members voted in Yavor. of having our seek theni out and minister to their wants. next meeting on tne usual date, the last Urged all to be generous in giving to the it evening of the month. poor-anshould be returned to them The Secretary read an .article from Mrs. seven fold. Gave other.'; excellent Stewart entitled "The Mission of Today." instructions. Mrs. E. B. Wells spoke of the coming Mrs. E. B, Wells said we had learned "meetingof the Federation of Clubs, to be many useful lessons in these meetings. ' held in May, at which a representative of Urged the importance of having uniformity the U. V. P.O. will be expected to speak in our work. Spoke at some length in reextemporaneously. Mrs.. Wells read from gard to the funds in the treasury getting the writings of Hannah T. King a poem low. The fifty cents due from each society entiled "Life." A pleasant discussion had no been handed in. ' .Wished to remind followed in which all the members took the sisters of this fact that they might act and the result of the great endeavors king made will strengthen the movement. -- to-th- jr.-iui'"'- " move-'inent- .ctiuff in . -- semi-monthl- y -- - y . -M- - , part, v While, refreshments were being served, Miss Glad?s Woodmansee rendered soma music. J The programme for the next meeting to be as for the last meeting with the addition of an. article on "Love," by Mrs. M. E. Shipp, a poem by Mrs. N. C. Taylor, and quotations from the Psalms by the members. Gladys Woodmansee Rec. Sec '. Rr-- S. REPORTS. accordingly. President Zina D. H. Young spoke of the undivided interest and unity in the hearts of the sisters, and of the necessity " of being practical. We should inform our selves in regard to the best time to set out mulberry" trees, and dwelt on the importance of advancing the silk industry and awakening an interest in the same, spoke of the good it would,, do . s childrervand helpingthe poor. President Horne made some closing remarks continuing the subject of wheat. The sisters should have bins made- and store it up, the time rwas- not far distant when it would be needed. Conference adjoined "till 2 p. m. Singing "Lord dismiss eie. dcucuiuuuu us, witn iny Diessiug, Elizabeth Pixton. Afternoon Session: On the stand with President Horne washer Counselor E. oung S. Taylor, President Zina D. H. mid her counselors Bathsheba W. amitn and President Angus M.. Cannon. Meetis ing opened by singing, "0 say what truth," etc. Prayer by President Angus M. Cannon. Singing "Our God we raise - SALT LAKE STAK.E. -- W.Smith .follows:-twenty-si- x t, -f . ' , ! . pleasure in listening to the instruction that-habeeri given and spoke upon the topics that had .been touched upon by the previous speakers,' said we should not let new comers get the start of us in the move that was being made. Spoke further on the subject of home industry. ' President Angus M. Cannon addressed the meeting for a short time. Said he endorsed all that he had heard. The in- structious that had been imoirted had a tendency to do good. Spoke at some length on the duties of .wives and mothers, and encouraged the sisters to go forward in their good work. ...President Zina.D. H. Young made a few remarks dwelling principally on the importance of fosteri ng industries and employing our time. Referred a'gain to the planting of mulberry trees and the making of our own silk. Encouraged the idea of knitting and of gathering mustard, and many other things in which we cotild use our lives and energies to the building up df-- d - . , . President M. I. Horne hoped we would treasure up the good instructions we had received and be benefited by them, made other closing remarks. Conference was adjourned for thee months. Singing "The time is far spent," etc. Benediction by M. . W.Wilcox. - Ella W. Hyde, Asst. Sec. - The Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of the Salt Lake take convened in the 14th, Ward Assembly Rooms, "March 23rd, 1S94. President M. I. Horne ' presiding. On the stand with President Home was her Counselor E. S. Taylor, and Sisters Zina D. H; Young, B. and E. B. Wells of the Territorial Board. Meeting opened with singing 'Redeemer of Israel," etc. Prayer was. offered by Sister S. B. Gibson. Singing "Glorious things are sung of Zion" etc. Roll called and responded to as branches were represented by PremVlpntc pIpvpii hv Counselors, one by a tearlipr nnp hv n prrptnrv makiusr in all leaving nine w.thou thirty,ie branches, ' representation. Sisters Tulia C, Howe U11U Lydia D. Alder were then: voted in and 'unanimously sustained as aids to the Stake Presidency of the Relief Society and Ella W. Hyde as Asst. Sec. President Horne said she would like the sisters to hand in their returns for the Temple pictures as it 'was time for the business to be settled up, saia st to explain the object of the organization ot the Relief Society, It was not to help any that could help themselves, or encourage muner cm Onlv the neeay auu ' wras rharitv " " suuumj x.ue assisteu. i t,AiirrTif u"5'"' . will of the Lord. . Spoke upon the subject of home manufacture,' and of the important of teaching our children, to be .in- dustrious, and watching over their interests Sister Elizabeth Pixton thought the Instructions that had been eiven were timelv. LContiuued the subject of home manufacture. paia we snouia be tlianklul tor the blessings we enjoy and not complain of hard times, made other interesting remarks. Sifter Julia C. Howe felt blessed in istening to what had been said. Urged the necessity of avoiding extra vagance, and educating our children in habits of economy and industry. Also spoke upon the subject of home manufacture. to Thee," etc.. , President Horne in her opening remarks exhorted the sisters to cease dealing with outsiders, and sustain and build each other tm It Was uiiavuiuauic mai. vu.. W-J. t T llPTV. W II I Ww-lllUtJUWAtJ m. I " Nielli llliU v.v "! WUV11 - may principles of the gospel that they surround that led astray by the influences them.' Spoke of Christian Science and other evils that exist. Also exhorted those institutions. present to patronize our home receive more The Woman's Store should a success. patronage in order to make jt and Spoke of the Woman's Exponent other home journals, and of the importance of sustaining these industries Sister E- - J ? StevensouTfelfto endorse all live in that had been said, we shouldmind and humility and seek to know the not-b- -- SANPETE STAKE. 4 The - Relief Society Conference of the " 3aupete Stake of Zion convened in the Spring City Meeting House, Dec. i6fh, L893. President M. A. P. Hyde presiding. Conference opened by singing, ' 'Prayer is the soul's sincere desire," prayer'by Brother John Frantzen. Singing "For the strength of the hills we bless thee. " Minutes of President M. A. the last conference read. P. Hvde oraved that we would have a time of rejoicing during conference and that the Spirit of the Lord wrould be poured out upon all present. The branches of the Relief Soqety of : Fayette, Gunnison, Sterling, Moroni, Chester, Mt. Pleasant Wales, Spring City and Ephraim were represented, the sisters testifying of the good that is being done among the poor. Counselor Sarah Peterson was pleased with the humble spirit manifested. Spoke at 'some length on the storing of grain and the culture of silk. President Canute Peterson advised the sisters to gather wheat for it will be needed, said "We have only a few years left until the prophecies that have been uttered will I do not think thirty years . be fulfilled. will pass awy until all that has been spoken of will come to pass and that the earth will be purified from all evil, and that , 