v. 11 ROMAN'S TKN YEARS OLD. turned froin hddressedjo tny littl niece and name Ufa Witbeck Jhown who resides at Manti- - Lines sake my little girl: For a mdinent stop this whirl, Till in eye of blue,'' I can prove it true, Like April clay yourself, )!U . . .. ; I , ' . 1 I do feel to congratulate you all and all the Pioneers who are permitted tojmeet on this occasion at the Bee Hive house: and regret that I cannot be one of the number. I feel that I am also : a Pjoneer, having arrived this valley" Sep. 12th 1847. This is the date our Captain George B. Wallace gave of the time of our arrival in" Is not this a pretty quick time for to follow the mule teams which started from Winter Quarters 'the 1st, of April-- i S47; our company a month later the st of May. We arrived at the valley in one month and nineteen days later than the first company did. (Would like to tell you much more if I only felt able to write it.) I must say" however, that it is indeed wonderful to reflect upon the past forty six years of our lives, how often our afflictions nave been sanctified to our good: and many u not all have been a blessing in disguise; cannot tell it all. "-"- "s - . v 1 WHY WOMEN WANT THE MUNICIPAL BALLOT. ;f Because, as mothers, they are concerned in "the maintenance of law and order, in the suppression of disorderly places," COMPOSED JAN. 1st, l848, IN THIS VALLEY. immoral shows and obscene posters and Oh Ellen! my sister raise publications. thy drooping head And welcome the New Year.the old one has fledrH 2. As they are interested with its joys and its sorrows alike it has flown, in gas and water rates, in the quality of gas And left us to think they were and own.1" water supply, in sewer construction oncesour and It has fled and gone, connections, in the removal and dispyet we treasure the past osal of garbage, and in the cleaning of As sacred to memory; and long may it last, streets, gutters and offensive places. Each blessing a prize as sent from above, 3. As citizens and philanthropists, they With hearts fuJIjojjBiiuTde joy, peace and love. are interested in city charities and corVet in sadness thou thinkest of friends left behind rections, in hospital service, in relief work Whose hearts have been faithful, and acts very and care of the poor, in the management of kind, penal and reformatory institutions, in the In visions we've seen them in griefs dark appointment of police matrons, the care of array, Be thou only faithful and continue to pray. dependent or incorrigible children, in the disposal of tramps and offenders, and in the Yes continue thou faithful, and be of good cheer, preservation of historic places. For blessings await thee, and are very near: and property-holder4. As When thy heart shall rejoice, arid voice cry aloud are interested in the degree of protecthey Glory, and hon&r, and praise to the Lord. tion afforded by the fire and police departBut Ellen since sorrow is mingled with joy, ments, in the construction and improveLet us cheer one another, and our time we'll em ments of streets, sidewalks and parks, and in : all expenditures affecting the rate of ploy. J In seeking for wisdom, for its paths" are peace taxation. Its crown is immortal and joys never cease. The municipal gives a voice in these and ; M. E. K. other municipal affairs. in w7hich the women who live in cities are deeply concerned. 1. home-keeper- s, - 1 -- tax-paye- rs s, ' ? Ex. WOMAN'S NATIONAL PRESS EXCURSION. The excursion to California under the auspices of the Woman's National Press Association, leaves Washington on Saturday!, April 14th- 2 p. m. It arrives in - Cincinnati Sunday morning and St. Louis Sunday evening. The round trip rates m from Washington are points fare added. local same farther East the From St. Louis the round trip rates are $47. even as that of the Battalion being: called to and at points all along the route parties can secure a proportionately reduced rate by go to Mexico. But we have had joys as well as sorrows. writing to Mrs. Joanna W. 1 urnerr 906 D. C. and' being .Was it not indeed a joy ful sight to see our Mass. Ave.,; Washington President and company meet us at Pacific enrolled as a member of the excursion The sleepers are chartered Vat a, price .Springs the last of August, when we were which makes them one third less than usual journeying hither. They were on their recars are free from St. turn to gather up the rest of the families at and reclining chair a whole berth in the Winter Quarters. They stopped with us that Louis. To engage day, and one more day then each company sleeper, parties must send name and ten Arrangements are went on their opposite way rejoicing, dollars as collateral. on meals also in Dining gain we rejoiced to see Great Salt Lake made for reduction adValley, my heart it seemed jumped in my Car and Buffet, and lunch baskets are have soft handles to slip jaouth and tears in my eyes, saying "here mitted, but must seats. "Can refill them where stops our-- , resting place, thank our Father." under We saw it in the distance from the .... . top of a are made. Los at be will Angelos, h mountain two given Receptions before we reached days doubt at no and Salt Lake, tne fort. Joy again, when we got into San Francisco, and Chicago.' Tickets; may be exDenver fhe .Fort built of and only inside doors logs, but the party in a a port hole on the outside . to watch the tended to July 1st, such a grand return sight Vidians from. - Then a meeting with body will have few will jovful want to linger Sister Ellen S. Kimball and Sister Clara seeing trip that 8 or 10 days at San Young and her "mother Sister Harriet longer than the Aung, who came with the first company. Francisco. Eastern people will confer with agents a found quite valso . Only we think, points who represent few of the Battalion who had just re- - nearest their starting $83.-;Fro- w-it- " . F. M. A. Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith of Cambridge City, Ind. , proprieter of one of the finest Shorthorn herds in the country, is writing for the Breeder's Gazelle a series of able papers ;on women as farmers. She 1 " Wherever you apply show the itinerary of Chesapeake and Ohio, which can be had of- their agents or of Mrs. and ask'the lowest rates to join the Turner, train at Washington the grandest ununeniai trip over our country. -- Aunt Alta. ox-tea- x N.'Y. , N Y. Jan. 31st, 1S94; here. um 'itii the UiesApeake and Ohio. Write to Mr. McConnell, Agent, at 378 Broadway," - re-- : TO ELLEN SAUNDERS KIMBALL. TO THE PIONEERS. . h AvitlV Wings of (rl5 unon that u.u gratitude r : ... I - tlm i the Perm.' R. R. .who run in connection Marca 27th, 1894 1- West Coxsackie -- 1- d, . . . Should you live, and Auntie sleep, for me in memory keep Aplace . ,L . .. Al. woman-noo- i nnu Know mai nooie I sought for you as chiefest good, God in Heaven bless this child, When the way is lone and wild Or where still waters glide Always near her abide; .1 tnuch warmer I'tTiati o ever aw jn .the State of, New mure than I can express"; this hoping: mav r rssx, .a. cpiame irom your aed fn ' - York. 1 nas awakened . T7- - Tear-drop- s - una A A sad, then laughing elf; come down Then joy all around. How soon the bud is blown, Its folded beauty shown, May the blossom grow Till ripe fruit it show! Then years from to day If w e.on earth shall stay When maiden brow I kiss My little girl I'll miss.: . Mt-- d nucr ! 115 xico;r And did not we have mterestin Jr times .;.:r vuer;, ana tins not all, the weatherthat so much, finer-anlll ; Ten years EXPONENT. belives there is no spot equal to a farm fpr at once furnishing 'a competence and enabling a woman to establish a beautiful home and bring up her children nobly. Mrs. Balungton Booth resides at Montclair, N. J. Shr is the mother of a sturdy little son of six years and a baby., girl sixteen" months old. Although she is so much engaged in lecturing and other Salvation Army wrork, her home is well kept, and her children are healthy and sun- - , Mrs. Booth manages to ny tempered, make her trips short, with frequent returns home, where all her time, aside from her office work, is devoted tocher children. "We have such good times together!" she says. A recent letter from New Zealand says: "I have traveled in many countries, but in no other land have I seen the courtesy and unobstrusive chivalry, habitually exhibited to wTomen whether young or old, by New Zealand young men of every condition and rank. The status of a New Zealand woman is considerably higher than that of her sister in Australia or England, and she is not likely to forget that-sh- e gained the political franchise, not by inadvertence or by party scheming, but as a deliberative act of justice no less than chivalry on the part . ','. -- of her countrymen." v 