V - WOMN'S w'ejiayel U iiQMltav?kExfioiicntkx - fere nee iake.:j.he Lject ;6fGJiaritjY:and there that will- menl.mehisby CtTvve- can gam know exal t uitTvcr'nJay companions better!.; A, 'LeU-u; - -- forrTnirlrusbandsTn? are .jMlfSpo  Savior $o save-'ufeqV'-'.- ' - Z of : tftef&k of the high-eallihg- ;" Home, are all that are presen t of the original numberre- - alsfs wiTi 'have- President of the Brihanr Youne r rjiee.t-oujrM- -- that and-desir- we may. Itve war to. the Lord We, all have College-- ! at Brovo.being present, addressed the ,Spoke awav. passed, - to bless yo.u all, rl bight T 5U" -X-P.ONEX: M Said the. sisters were engaged in a": teach us that Jesus trod the winepress our roubles are not " known to fiow the brethren to great workl arid; that ; itsl' greatiiess.cpuldtli.-alohour friends, 'oiily to us and God. We, have. Jurnish and decorate their meeting houses; no't be conceived any more' than the great1 said in some settlements the- sisters' go ness of the gospel of Christ. Said the our 'individual" sorrows and joys. IrfT&ux. ' .around --and help those" vho have large Lord always blesses the gathering of' the hearts we feel a com pensatron for our . families to do thein sewing, and house sisters they are helping- in no small way ihe sorrow's,,, and this brings blessing, to help cleaning, thus luting, heavy burdens from . work of the Lord von the earth. The us to a higher life. '.In sorrow we' draw them, her remarks were lengthyiand" vanecj- nabgrsbfi-he.- sisters were- - fbuiio; m all the:iiearer to Qod, lie knows us best and and full of good counsel and instructions to byways of life, urered them to stud v the understands our life works SisterKimball : the sisters. principles of the Gospel. Spoke of the closed by giving her blessing to her sisters. Sister L. D. Alder felt to encourage the Sister Marilla iDariiels spoke of "the $w)eet visions of Joseph Smith, and the explauaspirit that had been with us today, ollthe Utionqf them,- given by the great men of sisters in theii great life work, pictured out to7 the Lord good counsels qf Sister Xina; said, she is the world, encouraged v obedience in the the necessity of livin-'ne- ar - full of love, charity ... and kindriess. children. that we might enjoy the communion of the Joseph was educated of the Lord, aud'w'e Closing remark's were made by President ; Holy Ghost, which lead into all truth and wecan for the world" to Lindsay, who. thanked the people of Bloom-ingtowant to learn all light, desired tiiat We niiht all be faithful, come I or we cannot be saved in ignorance. for the house. - Conference ?folv that in Sisters Gates aiitlJqlniotlLmadecod- - jourued. Singing. "And, oh the .Lord 1 presence. ""."'TT"'."! v President Home added a few closing re-- hear me J' BenediclibrTJjyvlkother-jemarks7 vhlch wouidKjjkjrf marks. Desired to see fathers and mothers, See. Ttpcrr long" .ifT7repoTte3rr"Aftef singing, John liagley.take note, and be wise in cultivating their "Earth with' her ten thousand flowers," children, and restrain, them all in their f meeting adjourned. Benediction by LADIES Dan-ieiISec. C, ;t. power gather th em a rouiid th eir k nees and : teach" theiri, of God, His rer u i re m eiitsT-an- d JMiN4piuS:ofr B K A K LAKIlJiTAK his Taws, and read them the. stories of old held jn the 14th Ward Assembly Hall in the Bible, President Home also warned Tiiiv Relief Society Conference of the' Juhe 2,2Sq4. President M. I. Home pre r the parents to payljstriet attention to the 'Bear. Lake Stake convened, in Bloomingtqn, sidin "Meeting opened -- bysinging, "genealogies of their families. The meeting Jdaho 'jnJ!?ei;Meeti 4 Glorious thiriers ' arc. sune: of zion.v wras for four weeks, on account (hi the stand were President William. Prayer by Sister M. A. Ila.on. Continued of theadjourned conference. President Home anBudge and Counselor W. J. Rich, and all by singing, .."For the strength of the hills nounced the Stake Conference to meet in the .leading women of "the Stake, President we bless thee.' , x Minutes of previous the Assembly Hal.lV:Junli571i94t.tDe;-sireJ: P. Lindsey presiding. Singing, "Do irieeting read and approvedT all the sisters to attend. what "is Right." President M I. Home said t)ur Secre-- . Prayef by AVilliam Sang, "We thank thee O, GodA)r a" Budge. Singing, "Hoine, Sweet. Home." tary is still not permitted to meet vith us Sister J. C. Howe. The roll called and minutes of the two Her sister was buried from her house .prophet," r XL: LYDIA AlEKyTActrSec . read arid received. previous Let us pray that she may yet neetings yesterday-President J. P. Lindsay, in her opening recome and meet with us." .President Home mark's wondered if the sisters fully realized ,spoke from Sister Lizzie ShippT" FLORIDA LETTER 1 hei rmissi oirolTt he earth concerning the opening of a class to study jtheUm poitaucef and the many blessings' they enjoy ,from Obstetrics. TO THE P KESID I NT E U A R T.s ' of the grejwjlth often they helped incr; : - -- . - ( - ! ' : - - . ;i -- - . - : - n - tjrciJmjwiL-jnighU.eiite-dnto-jIi- j" s" r7 . 1 1 - Sister-Billing- s, SKMI-M0NTHLYXMKETIN- s, G. 1 " : ... . . . 1 - . , - . -- lar- -- . time'to time..........:...: 1 Th e fpj io wi ngiyranjji ported bs-WrrqqoC- v 1 -- ' IJ. "Alder." P residentJEIorne al s sDoke-tjf n j. Tady hi our midst who had made a study of" chiklreri and mothers, sa,id Professor Stew- art thought a great deal of the lectures oil . running orderT- - " ... ', ! ,v 1 ON01L;U TA 1 1 The next annual convention of the '.. . ' l. W. S. A. meets, as you are aware, in our owTn Southern City, Atlanta, The south, while generally conceded to hold the greatest possibilities for future work, is aU-111 o.st-- u n broke n g rou n d r H ud we Have in ad-.-ditio- n' to the usual discouragements,- an uhsf mpathetic 'and. often hostile press. , . To bring the cause into prominence in this section, to gain for It a large amount of advertising it would not otherwise re- ceive, ana joi'put money n on r pn rse which will enable us to do a' greatly needed jwrkJjeiore t he-- co n vent i oirml eb r u a ry7 we have decided to have" a baaar, rFor this we ask what we trust you will consider most modest and expensive aid. It is that you willlay before your State Societiesour request that each send us one apron "and one for or children.. This while a small- outlay for a society, will if but a few respond from each state, .make witlr our qvii" efforts a brave showing. The proceeds to be turned over to. the president of the Southern Committee to be tused for work in the south. Will you not aid us, and at once? And may we not hope to hearvfrontyou on 1 . , , receipt of this, Sincerely Yours, - -- . -- 1 -- ::-- -- - -- sun-bonne- either-wome- t, n - - . - 1 ' - ElXv C. CHAMI5EKEAIN, Tanipa Florida, 189:;, - j ( Dear Friend'. Sibter Xelsou; St; Charles Pislr Haven, Garden City, Lake Town, this "subject, said it wTould be beiieficial for Woodruff, Paris, First and Second Wards, the "daughters and young mothers to attend Nounari, Ovid, Counselor Stevenson spoke, at soine Liberty, Mpntpelier, them Bennington, George Town, Dingle, length 011 the calamities that were being Thomas Fork and, Preston; poured out on the' nations. and of the up.-President Lindsaajy "Tislrig of the unemployed element in our the keTng)f grain, urged own laud." "They do not know what they ttxnirng the sisters, to procure good places for their are going to do, yet their way seems marked ' it." and of4 take care " Counfor therii grain, good Counselor Stevenson also, gave selor. Collins explained to; the sisters the many good instructions to the listers regreat necessity of attending their. meetings garding the raising of children, urged the regularly and trying to impro.ve themselves sisters their duties, as wives said that the Lod would bless the labors and mothers, and "so live that God can bless . of the honest in heart. -T them; rS i sferHoltaMlirged the sisterslo eu itvttiig-aujumuuy singing, uoa is acknowledge the blessings of our Heavenly Love." Benediction'. Bishop Humes. Father, and be faithful,lfor He would cut AFTERNOON SKSSION: , Singing, "On his work short in righteousness. Sister E. the- MountalnsTops Appearing' Prayer Barrus also bore testimony, and 'spoke of of West Paris. by Bishop Singing, "Think riiany things in her experience. " gently of the erring one." V Sisters sang "Come, come ye saints," x President Lindsay said that we had re-- . Sisters Aird and Jedpcila bore testimony ceived instructions to "hold our regular and desired to be faithful: Sisters Raw- meetings once in tvvo .weeks, desired the lings and Kiddle also testified of many presidents to comply w'itli this request as glorious truths, and desired to ever be true. ', far as possible. Gave, further instructions Sister Sarah Kimball said ' I am thankful concerning- the storing of grain, spoke of to be here; Arid I "feel tq rejoice '; before the .'the sisters taking the Woman's Exponent, Lord... My mind .went back to other days' said that the paper should be sustained. as I came into the meeting this afternoon, Counselor L. M. Hart was delighted to years ago when these meetings were first see so many present, .said it was the President Home had' six greaorganized. test representation we had ever had in con- - counselors seven to preside, myself and: -- SOC I 4 -- . - Prest. : , " V r7r. '"""'. 