Voir Tno" w c4itxivltttoirTArvl'li-'U'giattfand tiit ire we are sure to win a victory t7te 1 tl tart the, rid', " - wt ret-iiij- h; iaid iX'.nt'iiaimjit; if takJuniiT . -- -- . It it tl m . hni'i ;i nd (Uecian, TJ?itiii, may: be 'added id the ) Fre'itCh, (ierman aiuP KngUsh languagijs,'; " the. ; ne w$)OX:i . -t- ' , As an author Professor HehnholtZ7 was voluminous. His great work which gave Conservation of him "fame vas.hi tl; ' ,;.T--- v--- ' . , "' TTol fn Ti rv1 1 t ? n - 1 triKni cr 1 journals accounts of many of;his experi-- ' merits in acoustics, optics and electricity. -- . On December 1st, 1873, the Copley medal Royal Scxriety ...of -- London was of the awarded to him in recognition of his ' defeated." . d . the i'llxxiy. -; e, - let-foreig- - . majority of ' those who voted nent servicesto science. More than 120 against us were republicans, while the scientific papers of his .have been read bedemocrats stood by usnobly. The majority I11 fore the Royal. Society. of the convention was rephblican. We 18S3 the GerKm man have been asked; as an association to help peror acknowledged the great services of Helmholtz by issuing a decree defeat a certain "party in this town. - We raisi ng hi m to ' the status of nob ility . ' ' "are good .enough defeat men and tohelp not SklKCTKI),.measures, but good enough to help .( ekct them, "Xowr, I want to say right here, that we SUF EMGE FIGHT REOPENED. are not going to work against any party. If we work for "party, it will be forthe The fall campaign of the Woman Suf-- one that workedany for us.' Tragi sts of New York was opened Thursday" Mrs. Blake read a set of resolutions offer-- . Evening October 4th, by a meeting at No. ing a vote of th a nks tq tue" inem bers of the Lillie Devereux Convention who voted for and 4 Iexington avenue. spoke in ' the in the chair, in- was Blake, president, favpr.of woman suffrage.iVr"ryC' r,tr)d.uced JirsPitblado, Herald. the subject ot which she said was "Not Things, but Women," a perversion of the NOTES, AND NEWS.. World's Fair motto, "Not Things but Men. ' ' In the reading Mrs.V Pitblado'paid tributes The Conntess'lDFAbero to all the great women of the past-an- d her visit to' recent. Halifax an in Home" "At what particular walks of gave present telling, life they, vhad distinguished themselves. and garden party on the magriineent: She dwelt particularly upon, the w:omen of grounds of the official residence of the Adthis country, and gave some sketches of the miral commanding the British squadron in women who were actively interested ih the North American waters. It was the v and' successful affair of the kind World's Pair work. It remained for Lillie Devereux Blake to ever held there. The feature of the func make thesensation of the evening by her tion AyasjLtfiejiti the mem- - liquors. This isthe first timejn Canadiaiir history' that the wife6f the Goveruor-Gen-th- e bers4 of the Constitutional Convention on question of Woman's Suffrage. She eral as nel( a receptrcn witliout dispensing " liquors, and marks a new era iv rCanadian began by saying: .v . "The emi- Museum of "It-wa- . cm 01 1 fir 4 . He-coul- - . . " L against woman suffrage he asked the mem bers of the Convention, if they wanted to put the ballot iii the weak aud nervous arms of- Women say nothing against the cause, for there was nothing to say; he only talked and talked and repeated . his arms or question about the" veak womeuT"?I-vanot aware before that itrequired physically strong arms .to lift' the folded ballot and deposit it in the box. "I wondered .' if we had all been women :of the iron jaw sort' if he .would have, us the thought that a reason for giving right of the ballot. Although we had the best men of both parties with us, we were " ' Manual of Physiological Optics ai)d Theory! of tHe Impressionsof; Sound. His. Popular Lectures on Scientific Subjects, translated "into -- laiglish by Dr, K. Atkinson, : were-- ; published in' London in .i 873, andhi ;work, on Sensations of Tone as a Physiological Basis for the Theory of Music, translated from the Third German edition by Aloxan-- ; der J. IHlis, appeared in r875. Professor . -- UrrrS of-th- -T- SCORED EI.IIIU ROOT. oi'ljjraii . "Wien Elihu Root made his speech - z':--- ' , -- his Register pavs tne louownig eioqueni ana in.erueu one of; the tribute to Mrs. Chapnian-Catt,inost- - brilliant exponentsprinciple of votnaivsufTrage..- .We d id n ' t report Mrs. Catt's speech last week simply because we 'did 'lit want to mention it the same week with the others. s a uingnifreent speech', the strongest most entertaining and logical appeal for equal suffrage ever made in Tola. : And it was so clioicely worded, so smoothly and rs were Gquentlyulelivered-thatherhearecharmed as well as instructed "and conThe speech was full of good vinced. points, but the one that struck us aswell taken.was the proposition that if there is to be any restriction placed on suffrage, it shouldbegin at the bottom. "If you .don't-wan- t foreign women to vote, then don't men vote. You'vill" get the best government when you let the good, the patriotic and the educated Women come to the aid of the good, the patriotic and the educated men." We are a motion had been put to the audience that Mrs. Catt be granted the right, of suffrage, it would have carried by a large majority. Ex. . ( - , ' rMv&tff!& i mv friends,r. it was murdered, , it never died a natural death. It was murder ed by Elihu iRoot and Joseph. Choate. at the College of Physicians and Surgeons "':r""" ' joh ophth'aimol'g;'. ';..,; sent' n If i'ad V 'ks.?f)m s Aeez -- "mtisibersliSC the ConveM ' been the Arabian, i,A.ssyiian ti)onuaae "nt t that-nam- e . ' I , refuse to admit Heiinh t.t the fore- "OIIUS. and realest. jiatural v&t - oi trfe;Yge; noumig ii waiuim; to nis glory, out; ne is wa siting , tMurs Dr. Helm holt Try ade a v'ou 'lalfcerrVHerJami !y has lor mitm ie Miss a .ruling iorce'in the Orient. e par-ticular- ly n , re-tha- Hf 1 - . OBITUARY. '.- -. : '.2.2nd,-1S94.- . ay , - Died at Manti, pet. Sister Annie Deceased was born at Falster. Denmark, she embraced the eospel iti the year 1S63 and emigrated to Utah the same year.ihe leaves eiht chidrealQmuuni her loss. She hashfen associated with the Relief Society since its first organization, and held office as Teacher, and true and faithful Lati-r-dSaint, and beloved .all now gone beyond has who knew bnt by htr; the veil to mingle with relatives and friends who have e. and toWearthe crown'in store for the righteous. D. VV'esttnskow. i ... goiie-befor- . " KJ most-brillia- nt , teiling-speeehrr-theaciioiT- of ' . high social life. THEY WKKinK)PEFUX. "When the last meeting was held in these rooms in June we all bade each other goodby with hopeful hearts, for we all felt certain that we would have ,to holdT.but one more meeting, and that would, be for the, We felt purpose of adjourning forever. that the cause for which we4iad worked so earnestly woufd be successful, and that we 6u!d henceforth be on an equality with men, and have the. right to cast our vote in the affairs of the State. T "Alas, we were mistaken! Our .cause was defeated, but not losU , believe "Do not but we shall yet succeed, and we shall fight until we win. We will - Eannitza t a flue-lookin- g iur. t ; - liMjidivs Inst n Kedpson Hand GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ART. CLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AJSfDS-ATION ERY7EQ UI ' POISE WAISTS, ETC. .Drea Jlaklngrjn all its branchps, IlllneryJates styles, Hals and ItonneU cJeaiied and- - retrimmedv r 1: r 1: s 1 11 1 1: No 41 R i:s 0 Ow. Gr.i.t Bro. S . t l abJe t ' Nalide is bdtjeuiana girl from Bey rout, now -- W5111 R;KTHpMAS r stay ing at a quiet residence-i- n Brooklyn, 2 6; 2 8, 30 and 32 East i st S 0 u (b St. She is the cousin of the wealthiest Arairiu ,. that f city, and iskknown among her S A'T.T LAKE CITY. countrymen as "the Syrian princess," On the books at Harvard she will be entered asJ, ' Miss Alice Azeez, and her object in coming j l..i'adi,n'i 10 mis country is mamlold. wSlie washes to obtain educational honors both here ana in England, and while in America will study . the government, the people, and occidental methods of doing things. Having done so, she will return to Syria, where she will found a monument' to the memory of her -- far-of- - ih llitail Hous( ' '.: 