Jean Ingelow, whose books are great conventional immorality and hypocrisy reveries, with a note of melancholy sweet-esSince the death of IUiillip Bourke favorites J with both the English and vtlie other "Pray You Sir Whose Daughter?'' Iwo i American people, is undoubtedly' one of A- - brillaht novel of. today dealing with Marston in - 1SS7. she has edited the finest, purest and most sympathetic social pun ty, and the age of consent. volumes 01 111s verges uaiucit- - oa'reis '' poets of our day; Her life too has been Margaret Deland whose maiden name, "and "A Last Harvest, and is now enlike a rhthymieal poem set to sweet music-He- r ;was Campbell, is one of my special favorites. gaged on editing., his poetical works as a Jgirlhood was passed in an atmosphere iHarpcr's Magazine and The Century lwhcle Louise Chandler was born in 1835, she of goodness, with books and cultivated gladly publish1 her poems, r "The Old Pomfret, Connecticut, April, n We Garden and Other Verses. ' ' is one of the married Wjlliam U. Moulton, a people for daily companionship. -realize from; what we know of her, that best books in our libraries of today, the Boston journalist. She has spent sixteen she is a beautiful type of womanhood: she volume has gone through six editions. cousecutivje'summers in Europe, ana is as has never married, though without doubt Her most popular work was "John Ward she has enshrined in her heart some Preacher" a novel which passed through she is one to whom all circumstanfe are memories of the past that beautify her soul, six editions in five months, a later novel 1'4 nrtA Hirtinm ciiff(;c line t"itrT" cfwi and gladden Bar lonely life. Whoever has "Sidney" and a descriptive work "Florida and is; a most enfiable figure; among read her books must necessarily feel Days' ' are also well received; she , writes Amencan women of letters. She is posvividly she describes nature, especially U&e short stories for magazines principally the sessed of a gracious rfature and (ias always been rnucli sought after. Mai)yvyoung sea, and with what reverence, purity and Atlantic Monthly and Longman's Maga from her encouragement tenderness her work is inter wrought. zine published in Boston, all her writings writers have had some and rank almost as : are popular and the; public look forward to and sympathy, "The High Tide on the Coast of Lincolnanticipation. Mrs. her own: household for she has but one shire," and "The Songs, off Seven" are them among her - best poems, though there are Deland was born in Pittsburg Feb. 23, in daughter who is in her own home far other favorites, some lovers of poetry may 1857 Was- - married in 1880 to Louis F. "Divided," "The Four Bridges" Deland and moved to Boston, Mass. which prefer Xbe newest and most popular book since since has been is her husband her Two are "The home, andf Margarets" Marcella (fof which Mrs. ,Thomas told you) perhaps ana 10 as 01 and Her is aisoincuneci nieraiure equally good truly poetical; all works the best so assistance to her, in her work. are meritorious, prose land Lee, The public 'are enthusiastic ' is a "J considered entitled "Off the Elizabeth another Margaret Sangster, Skilhgs' over this new book, there are many pas-- : innotable and writer is a con an a it with sourin poet, it, novel, regular imparts sages in u iikc a line etcuiug, uie. cnucs fluence superior; to momentary enjoyment, tributor to many leading periodicals and: say it is even better than "The Heavenly done has much life newson views work of and cheerful editorial modestly presents l wins, thougn uy.. an American autnor exalts nobility of character; it is a delightpapers? she edited Harper's Young People the situations are aome of them not parallel at one time, and in 1890, became editor of but similar,- and although Madame Grand, ful book. "Mopsa the Fairy" is a charming fairy stoiy,; and she has written several Harper's Bazaar xvhich position she still did her work, wejl the scenes in Margaret other children's books; one called "A occupies. Her books are extensively, read , Salisbury are made much clearer, sharper Sister's Bye Hours, ' ' containing - seven principal, among them are "Poems of the and more vivid. There is a beautv in the Miss is y intensely Household" "Home Fairies and Heart story that appeals to healthy men and wo- stories. Ingelow benevolent and for many years has given'at Flowers, " and a series of Sunday School men, tne autnor ieeis ana Jcnows mat tnts her home in London, three times a week, Books. During all her busy years she life is not all, yet loves the common things : . i . .t t : it. anu.1 rias wnat sue cans tier xopyrignt ainner, to has written poems of a high order. All oir a sympainy ioruie earin, lowiy wnicirne mvues iweive neeuy persons, her works have a decidedly high moral and the everyday, that marks the lofty soul. tone and are helping to make the world In this book too the sea is a generally those who have just been disconsolation, a missed from the Hospitals. Jean Ingelow better. Mrs." Sangster was born in New sympathetic power, the nightingale pours was born in'Boston, England, of English Rochelle, New York, in 1838, her maiden forth a love plaint, one hears the leaves Scotch ancestry; her Londcjn house; is in name was Munson married in 1858 stir, and the hum of bees, and the faint Mrs. crowned in. midst the with, author George SangsterT ivy Kensington, Sangster odor of windblown roses, and above it all is a and editor she of a garden;' in conspicuous personage by trees; the blue sky, lam sorry I have not more social in and circles in of summers the her France the South New York. spends lerary time to tell of the many new books i n a cottage over looking the Meditteranean. Her home is in Brooklyn! Her. household that seem to you on the l make such an "Traffic in Girls" and the" Florence Crit- - consists of several relatives anions them times in which we live andimpress sorry too, not ' n her of her dead son and to touch tenaen Missions is one ot tne most powerupon our home authors and poets; books of is written the It fully day. by but I trust those who follow me will not The poems and books of Louise Chand- forget Eliza R. Snow, Charlton Edholm (her Cull name is Mary Bishop O. F. Whit Gow Charltdh Edholm) the book deals with ler Moultonare widely circulated and read liannan l . King, Emily 11. Wood the social purity question- - and reveals the with intense interest in England as well as ney, mausee, Henry W. Naisbett and others in first America. before shows Her book cruel our it the "This That and girls pitfalls due course of time. e laws in such a way the Other' ' appeared in 1854 itold woninjustice of E. B. W. that every woman who thinks deeply derfully, "Juno Clifford" appeared in should be a determined woman suffragist 1855, she has brought out many books, reason if for no other than to right the both in England and her own country, too R. S. REPORTS. wrongsthat exist in all our large many to mention here ever! by title "Some cities viz.' the age of consent, and other Women's Hearts," "Miss Eyre from BosLONDON RELIEF SOCIELY. influence of the ton , ' ' " O ursel ves and 0 ur Neighbors, ' ' equally demoralizing double standard of morals. It gives a "Random Rambles,"- - will give you some President, Sister E. Bradford; First chapter, from the Pall Mall Gazette a idea; besides r books she writes narratives Counselor, S. F. Jennings; Second Counserevelation to show the frightful condition and sketches and from 1870 to 1876 she lor, Mrs. Francis; Secretary, Mrs. Francis; of moral leprosy which exists today . Mrs: was the Boston literary correspondent of Number of membefsy 8; Visits made by, Edholm has written much material for the New York Tribune and for nearly five sisters, 33; Last year's members left for newspapers descriptive articles for Chicago years wrote a weekly letter on bookish Zion, 2; Cottage meetings, 3; Collections Tribune, St. Louis Post Dispatch , and topics for the Boston Sunday Herald. But for poor and Elders room 12. 18s S Jd; Paid New York World, The Republican and it is to her lwot volumes of podms I par- to poor and for elders rooni, 12.- 14s nd; Inter Ocean and is one of the suffrage and ticularly wish' to call your attention. Balance in hand, 3s 9d. ' "Swallow Flights" and "In the Garden of press women with whom I am somewhat acquainted. Her labors and her literary Dreams" one .thousand copies of the last .... SNOWELAKE, ARIZONA. so are works named were isokl in twelve days. Her varied, and so great and many The , Relief Society conference of this is not it to that mention them by literary reputation rests, it is said, and it possible was held atSnowflake May 26th 1894. name in this paper. I must pass on to one ought to upon her poetry. Mrs Moulton stake was a tolerably good attendance of or two more leading lights, m the books of is in herself the dedicated and conscientious There and the day; but in this connection I ought cer- poet y whose wares are marketable and the sisters. President Emma S. SmithWas her counselors were present; There a; tainly to mention Helen II. Gardener's two even popular, some critics place her sonon short program , consisting of lectures books. "Is This Youri Son My Lord?", nets at the head of their kind in; America." the subjects, 'Faith, ' ' 'Repentance" said to be the most powerfully written novel, Certainly to me, her poetry is golden, rich Verbal reports were given by by an American . A terrible expose of and full of impassioned melody, emotions the presidents of most of the branches. , s. . - X : . 5' well-know- 1 ; ! 1 ! witb-dehghtf- ul ' - . half-hidde- n 1 . ."" grand-childre- step-daughte- r. . , , , man-mad- in-famp- us . - 4 f and-Baptism.- . 