rrr-.---.r-y- The Rights Afjbg WotfZirof . .rww-r.- --r -- SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH. SEPTEMBER Jr Ar i, ci.- - No. 1891. 6 AND r 7'- - of J. John drank, and gossiped, and spat and chewed. recounted to Mrs. Bland his eaxlylibut iniit all "she icpilld not talked and gfumbledofwoman's .sphere. In Rural England. U. W. I'. C R. M.'Fox. pAtid " discern in the least any. return of his tui: And her children grew into stajwart men,. 'Hqw it Feels to be a Voter Woman's Journal. Brave and ' bounded affeclicn from the cousin whoin helpful, and by her side; A Pleasant Evening L. J. A Reverie. Femilie so passionately'- adored, .recompense for She knew she made them, and once again nine Hints. Ladies' Meeting V. affection he lavished upon her, When they asked the question, she said with pride, .Young. Worn iaSufTrage Column.. Pen Names it was the ideal fancy of a py for a' mature: woman sometimes "There's. a hundred-dolla- r E. B. W. The Household Economic AssociaYoked to a small nun. woman; ;et: she dicl not express her feel- tion Ellen A."ki ;ha rdson! From The Woman s Em sure it isn't one of the crimes .."' nigs lest it might wound l)im, she waited CONTENTS: many-incident- s -- -' - " . Semi-mjnthl- y the-suprem- ' ten-doll- ar ' Journal. Ei)iiORiAL:--Th- e Political-Questio- Noies." to: iat ' n. Edi- . To vdte against Jaiav - ... Mor.tecito, Cat. ' . - Poetry: Times Delight Luc. 'I Guess I Can." Mrs. Emma Plajitr 'Seabury. Sing Me guess can." Th e Woman's Journal. I I li i . : i10 see w.nai jiewouio-iiay-io-Jie- r,- Eventide A Song Today Hyacinth. Parting; Selected. E B. ' ' 1 ' t 77: r 'And mow my story is told I.baye laid bare ray heart to you concealing notliing, " said ;he.r: 'MWhat have you to ay to' me." You know, "for quickly comes such knowledge,' that I loved you from the first with 4 IN RURAL ENGLAND,. -- 1 . - ; 1 VVV. XLII. a devotion founded upon principle, I saw your superiority 4to other wdmen, even to And Mr. Harrison sitting there beside Lady Anna Mrs. TIMES DELIGHT I noted your .strength of Bland under the great pines in the character, your integrity to the family of dense forest onrya-littldistance from hat your kinsj!ian,I heard' you spoken of too, by is now one of the largest cities in the East, men, men.of rank in the world, 'during that told her of his first love when as many, a London season, men who look below the man before and since has, he loved des- surface oT things; tand again and again your perately a woman older than " himself. Like uncle's solicitors in London eminent barris-.- : boy in Byron's Dream ters, when Clair was' with me and we were, arranging his affairs declared they had "These two, a maid ;n and a "youth, were there way Gaztiig the one. 011 all that was beneath nevereenjgirl, like that Miss Con execusuch sudi Fair as herself, but the boy gazed on her; suclfcapacity, judgment, tive astonished that you were , ability they And Doth were young, and one was beautiful; had not been left equal in the will with his And both were young, yet not alike in youth. own daughter. You ..have the Hilliard As the sweet'moon in the horizon's v,erge, character inherited from your mother, and Tne Hiaid was on ttie eve ot Womanhood;. The boy had fewer summers, but his heart though T hated Sir Edward for carrying off my, cousin, yet from what I know of EngHad far outgrown his years, and to his lish history Ta.ni forced to "acknowledge that vvas button with all his faults, he lmd good blood in his " ArHi that was shining on him; he had look'd veins, the best bjood of British lions; and I Upyn it till it cou d nut pass away; forg ive him now a fter all ' these" years of He had no breath, no being, but in hers; bitterness and regret niy estrangement She was his voice, he did not speak to her, from the family and. most of all because Burtrembted on her word.; she was his sight, , e J' or The ExpOTienl'.f-" ' . . . All through the chilly hours of winter Th rough iis gloom or bright sunsh i nel Springtime's budding,or bloom"' of summer, Autumn's go Lden "fruits and grain ' I watch and wait, and vainly linger, -- J For some echo, token, sign, . -- Frorri beyond time's mystic liner" ; - ! . - - . " Morning, noon, and eventide, ' . ( day,-Merging'i- . "no .mt That stretches over a toilsome way, Down life's hillside all too soon. ' nto " eye-er- e , But we'll strive life's duties to obey, Content to sing our low refrains, .Time's flight no mortal e'er can stay, O'er all the world it rules and reigns. '. -- . Ten-- t fly N. Y.': ' "I GUESS LTJCYT I CAN.'--- ' pejhapsTjn For his eye followed hers, and saw with hers, Which coforld all his objcctslie had ceased To live within himself; she was his life, The oceant to the river of his thoughts, V(. icli term nated all; upon a tohej r- A toiich of hers, his blopdwould ebb and flow, And his chtek change tempestuously his hearL Unknowing of its cause ot aguny. But she in thes.-fo-n J feelings had no share: ". Her sighs yc re not fui liiin, to her he was Even as a brother buts no more; 'twas much, Fpr brotherless she was, save in the name Her infant friendship had bestow'd on him; ' Herself the solitary scion left " Of a time honor'd race." fate my sweet cousin Anna, her mother's sacrifice and Jheir hers, I can not understand it." , V MK EMM A . I'LAYTE R SEAttURY; She washed the dishes, and made the bed, And patiently got on her knees to scrub; " la winter she milked the cows in the shed, In summer bent o'er the steaming tub;' She made the garden, and swept and baked. And cooked for boarders, and raked the hay, And never complained that her poor head ached, Or John was almost always away. When they asked her if she would like to vote, She said with" TaTstgTTalKraTook remote, "I have done more work than my old man, If I have the time, why, I guess I can." L She rocked the'cradle the while she churned, She kept the 'children so clean and neat, And most of the living her poor hands earned, While John talked politics in the; street." When any were sick, the watch she kept, She gathered the little ones Sabbath day. And walked two miles' to the church alway. She mended and sewed while her husband slept, She taught the children each day a spell- When they asked if she favored the suffrage plan bhe tunidly glanced at her husband "well," If John is willing, I guess I can." : And so she drudged, and she baked and brewed, And toiled from, dawn to the midnight hour. ' ; ; ,'. .;v .. such he really was) while he told the story she so longed yet dreaded to hear, and now what answer must she give; she wasaK ready his in fact, if her own heart was the believed" his love was honest, she felt how lonely her life would be if she should send him away; his arm encircled her waist, her hand was clasped with tender manliness, and he repeated the question so often asked before, "And what have, you to say to me, will you be mine, my wife, mine forever, to love,t6cherish, to protect!'' And still Jane Bland hesitated, "What more can I say, the devotion of my life, what still remains, I know I am many years your senior, but here in this hew land, I will begin a new career, I feel fresh impulsed for'action, a great future awaits the people who have settled here,", they will throw off the bondage of the mother country which oppresses them, there are men ready to stand on a higher platform you, yourself know it, Sidney who has mingled ; so much with the common nedolis aware This was almost literally. true in the case of Robert Harrison. lie confessed to Mrs. Bland that he had no assurance of the loV of Clarice Courtney he had loved her as an object enshrined, too good 'and pure to be like other mortals, and When Sir Edward Hilliard was accepted by her, he had stormed and raged like one bereft of reason and nearly broken his mother's heart. -- Aftervvards and there in they a foreign land his mother died; these two great sorrows had so embittered his life that, he had never really cared to mark out " -- ' Mrs. Bland had listened to her lover. (for i 15 ' . In swift review pas's along their way, active ,C" " -- --- " So time glides on, and uill not delay Nought unchanged can here abide. Man's golden youth is a summer's - : -- went-abroad ; awakened an emotion of love in 'him from- going a change, it will be a struggle, but it that time until he saw his cousin's daugh- - will end in victory, it will give men of ter in the ball room in London, and it took brains, men of nerve au 'inipetus unheard him hack to the days of his jxyhood. Hereof, will i you- - shaje your fate with mine - j ' s-- . . " ' 