WOMAN'S f'XrONKNT. pf tlic (I'lrbi: class favorably repntcd aip- oil At tue close; omul' meeting.. ister .1.1 ia vwi i wvvej-iwii.Lwiw- if, .1 T r u v. , A1 1.. . i .11 in 1 . i l. ;i . conveyance and furnished a, driver to take 'p' 115 011. 10 rnevue, ana on aLutaay-niorn- . l"sJ k'r ' .. ,. 1 I " tJ. ft. k. ... - Ii T : T I I . 15 1 ( ' ' -- li H.. I " .1 Hi; 11 V .. V : t , 1 IIP Tfi'JMt ' TP M LCWItl - VJV.lItltll iVLi 1ft . j-: i- nil' : 1 Jl j : , : '- f I lirrti. '.tf.r. 1 1 nt we stnvefl r. 1 -- r "R '.- - T rather J" - Cl I A v nj ir ; ; . 1 fill I r T If TP Til ,. 4 -- i f ; f .... . Ml . , . 19' U ''''' 1 II .1 UlUVli . i iviuraocK s, jurouicr Miiraoc: was a ostiLt i 6lTc t o ?a It Ijake Ci-t; frpii Ik hi it! Ii a v n us very velccme and showed us tion imparted. Much regut was felt.at the everv attention, iiere we saw tlie lrst aoseuce or cou use lorsj aue b. Kiclia rd s an d real D xie ,yineyard, and' the" grapes were Bathsheba V. Smith wjio were .absent toMteiifLtlie Republican Conv(aiiiou-,Whada most eriiovable time durinir our slay being picked and dried very; large from their accustomed places and deen liowvt-re luscious thev looked, and sympathy hosDitablv treated ouantities: and rexpress.ed for Sister in iiaver after the bretliren and sisters, for whom there sweet to theMastej: resting awhile and Richards who; was absent o: accomiL of the was so little we could do, however we dining sum'ptou.sly with the most delicious f. very recent; death of her only sister, Sister visited the sick, and were much blest in dofruits for dessert we proceeded on our journey, Sarah S. .. Richards, :SisterSiiiithiahe ing so, and we sought- to give coinforting butbefore,gangvery far'we inet Brother pnlTsfortulie to falCCd'; hurt herself" a short 7wordsj:tcrail tharpWrtPln trouble and i n Windsor cdiuTnir with a light conveyance time before the Coniereiico "iltmirrfrlipf" tnT unes-arsorrow. One afternoon between meetings trom bt uecrge us in cnarge. e not "considered serious. ' We shall i .liishopjtluinrg stepped from one carriage to the otherand puunsu ab buaa as possioie, mimites ot tlie to bt. Lamergu, or;: A'hat wasrorice Hie" bade , good day to" Brother Birkbeck ami Conference, so that all interested may know ni ili tliryta tion of that name Brother Walker who .had come, with lis the general "tenor of the reports and, the, is The "Tost" deserted how, "arid the from Cedar. City and - drove on towards teachings of the President, large buildings formerly used as Barracks Leeds; Brother Windsor made our journey The death of Oliver Wendell- Holmes, officers dwellings, and very pleasant by telling us much that was Headquarters: of the A i my stationed there, interesting concerning the Southern country on the jth, of October, vasi sort of 'shock to all those to whom his name' and' are all deserted' and show plainly that the ana their labors.-ithat vicinity, also conhad become known . Since the One old couple live cerning the Temple, and the "work "which, place is riuinhpbTted of John Greenleaf Whittier this event ; there rent free to take charge of. the had bee done since its completion and property, the groves, are much frequented dedication. The scenery during the drive .has perhaps been looked forward' to as; a as pleasure resorts during the. summer was enchanting, the gorgeous red mounthing that must transpire erelong, yet one season, and this seems the xmly practical tains flaming high". up. on either side, and is.nonev the less shocked when it-- actually use the once flourishing grounds can serve the bright sunshine ,.like a brilliant glory of takes place. Of the great intellectual at present. One cannot help feeling what light and splendor is past 'all description. ' giants of New England, this century has a serious mistake the Government has It was dark and late when we came to produced (of whom;, there. was a dozen or made in expending money to no real purLeeds, but we found the President of the more) Dr. Holmes is the last. To be three others left of the class at pose at Beaver and elsewhere iii Utah. - -- Relief Society, Sister Martha Wilkinson, - 'Tuesday;1 morning September iSth , we who eladlv Harvard of 1829 but neither of them have entertained us for the." nie-htleft Beaver lor Parowan sromp; bv- wa' of Here as at Bellevue were 'luxuriant vine- - distinguished themselves as those to whom Buckhorn Springs, Brother Harrisof Beaver - yards and women busy drying and caring we allude, whose names are forever en- ' ' r t graven, in the, literature of the country and uriying, accompaniea uy ms wile; we for the fruit lunched at Brother Ward's- at Buckhorii After breakfasting with Sister Wilkinson whose noble lives will ever be an incentive Springs aiid after the .horses were fed and next morninsr. we. proceeded on our way to the generations who came after, them rested we continued on, arriving towards towards St. George passing .through -- Ha r- - IwhUeJimeshall-jlaWhen poets, 'philosophers and evening at' Parowan, wliere we were jisjurgand.AViishiiigton, - t he - 'morni ng" was wrser statesmen are also honest, honorable and hopitajjlyer delightful and the whole landscape charmWednesday the ioth. we attended two ing, andBrother Windsor pointed out the correct, in their lives beloved for their Vood- cotton farm and meadow lauds, and. t.okl ness of heart and aamired for their virtues,- meetings at Parowan and after the afternoon meet ng started in com pany with Sis" us. of, the hard work that had been done in sucti examples are way marks to follow. ter Mary Ann. Lunt "for CeH?ir' City. On those once - eteolL!"aUsys to makcrthem- -' I)r.:Hol m amrpright, consistent ton ' blossom our .way we called to see Aimira Johnson as t he rose, ''and of the new scientious,mau ot the people, .notCith-standin- g hi s great fame, beloved .and Barton, a veteran of the days of Kirtland. dam that had put into the Virgen river at She expressed great joy at seeing us and ) such, great expense, which would convert reverenced by those who knew him intiwas anxious we should' stay and visit' with hundreds of acres of arid land into fruitful mately, true as steel in all the relations ot her, but the carriage was waiting and we fields. ; The long and dangerous dugway of life. When such men pass away, though were expected at Cedar City that evening which .one, hears so much is indeeel some- - the, natio.nmounis, they are not c!ead,and the r narmranel tame ot Oh ver Wendell HbTmrs andJjad,.promised-to-ta- fc r thing like a terror to thetimidtravelerf but" mit on our. way. It was dark when we when one .reflects that everything whicli- - is immortalized arrived at Brother Dallev's at Summit'but- - -- hasmade St. GcTjrerTaitable7nd when It is with a considerable degree of satisa warm supper and a" warmer welcome was one sees the comfortable homes and faction we announce that Dr. Maggie ready and we fully enjoyed the pleasant furnishings and that all had been hauled over C. Shipp's summer class of women students visit of about an hour, when we bade those these dangerous roads, one must admire the in Obsecs, jrecenU dea r friends good-by- e prom isi ng to.have a industry anel.persevejncejmdlih examininm:before.tIie .meeting there on our Board. This is the first Wm any class has to Cedar Citv tn tlm ud Southern U tali. eiteTckrdfWenn been quizzed by them, as formerly it was residence of Brother and Sister R. R. arnd looks down customary that the classes taught, were exAs one nears St. George Birkbeck receiving the most cordial welcome into that lovely- valley from the winding amined as to their attainment by two or from these dear old' friends. ' ' We remained hills, and beholds the beautiful white three M D's. invited to . judge of their in Cedar City two days meeting with the centre in as the Temple standing though it qualifications. r In this instance it was quite Relief Society, the Young Ladies' and the were "let down from- heaven," what an ordeal, and naturally enough the Doctor Primary,and we had very interesting reverent emotions fill the soul. How won- herself is somewhat proud of it and is cermeetings; the orgaiiizatious all in good derful, it all seems to those who know the tainly entitled to congratulations and d working order and a spirit of love and history of this people. St. George is inpraise on account of the success of union prevailing. We spent some, of the deed ver' beautiful seen from the her class, which reflects great credit upon time visiting the sick, and renewing old7 and this was a season when the trees and her method of teaching, and proves what acquaintances as we met with the people in vines were laden with fruit, and the picture we have often heard' before, that she is public and inv private; The sisters spared no of this city in the valley, a few years since practical and thorough ill the discipline and pains in entertaining us, and we thoroughly silent and' solitary made such an impressiori" training of her classes. Each one of the enjoyed our visit spiritually as well as upon the writer as can never be effaced. cljSss received her certificate to' practice in ' ' President fitted : a Jones be i 77 Continued. temporally. ; her profession from the- Territorial Board, up i 1 . 1 m 1 i Gates-inad- "." e e . . - and-wer- 3-as'fe- . . , - i e V to-tak- e -r- . i . . ' j . j and-Hospit- " - al, j j life-wo- rk de-mi- s se . " . - surei'-therear- . -- -- . . v. J - I - - 1 T 1 . 1 - s - i , es,-w- as - - -' , -- . rnij:Abpu - - ' well-merite- : - - hill-top- s, . - e 