WOMAN S Relief Society has given us so, much "practice in organized wort, tfiat we are ouch Ktler prepared than the women of " other places. -- Mar-ara-Randa- Hatch and ' fan She referred to Colorado's recent ad. vancenient; and how soon the women of tkt "state would stand by the side of Wyoming in another presidential campaign. The trend of all women's work at the World's Fair was toward the ballot. The taking up of some regular work, such as civil government, and other proper calling on men for assistance, and giving them the privilege crTtnembership was recommended. ;,Also that we draw; in and work harmopiously with all classes of '- . r ! Neville, Maria- - iwr:., '.Presidents, Susan Grant, . n " U AureHa S' I; A, Clark said she was proud of the record of Woman Suffrage in Utah; they hold the second place in the 'nation, xew York being the only state that has an association with a greater membership, spoke of. the progress of women of the, preselit day. W hile 111 . Chicago attending the rnn. . were delegates to the World's Congress of Representative Women; Mrs. Carrie Lane Chapman, who was a most important factor in the Colorado victory; Rev. Marion Murdock, Rev. Ida C. Hultin, Rev. Anna H. Shaw, Mrs. Elizabeth Boynton Harbert Mrs. Julia ward Howe, Miss Mary H. Krout, Mrs. Mary Lowe Dickinson, secretary of the. King's Daughters,' Mr. H. B. Blackwell, and .others. - -- Susan B. Anthony, President. .. Rachel Foster Avery, Cor. Sec? ' . IN WOMAN'S REALM. gresiof represeirtative women, thegrandest gathering of women ever recorded" the history of the world, was present at a ses- - F. S. Richards, first Territorial made a few appropriate remarks, following in the lines opened by Mrs. Wells. She spoke of the many handsome compli- . .1 ' t. .1 i vv ona s me - tir menis isueuiiujcixi vca- - ait il Fair in behalf of' the women of Utah, aud the noble work they had done. Mrs. Lapish made a few very favorable vice-preside- If Alice Klh-- 70 .President . Mrs. - Ros sub-ject- s, suffragists. ll,'1 KXPONKNT. nt, oiyu ...wicn..iourieen- - national-associatio- ns were represented and two of the fourteen had head quarters in Utah. The National R. S. and the National Y. L. M. I. Associations. And by comparing statistics and reports, showed that there were more organized women in Utah than 1 Every lady is thinking about the coming Vhat would be the nicest present to holidays. offer?-Bef- ore decidingremember that' health is to be considered, belore everything else. How can you enjoy a Christmas Dinner or a new dress if. you are not well and happy?. Dr. de Joza's famous prescription is a dowry to every lady suffering with painful and irregular menstruation. ... "i"vi kv ,iv- uiuji, nuu nave iivjw rtiJCclliy tried it an opportunity of doing so, we will send one trial treatment only to each person for $2.00. Regular price, 3.00. We send a written guarantee to cure any case, no matter of how long standing, in two treatments or refund money. This is the genuine .prescription of the famous Dr. deJoza; hundreds of testimonials at your service. This world renowned treatment was discoyeredln 1849, and has been adopted in alt principal hospitals of France All orders and inquiries must be sent to the "Lady Manager, SALT LAKE MEDICINE CO., Salt Lake City, Utah.". Write for particulars and remember that we are responsible for our guarantee. Lady manager wanted in every rity and townl - in any of the other states or territories. remarks. Truly the advancement of woman will adThe president closed with a broad sumvance human happiness and prosperity. ming up and promises for the fnture. Every step she has gained has been acE. Reporter J, complished not by force or compulsion, for she works her revolution, with the weapons of peace and love and with such weapons I) WIS CO W. S. A. CONVENTION. of defense her advance may be slow but The Convention met at 2 p. m. in the must eventually be sure. May the flames of equality, that have meeting house at Farniington; President been kindled in your bosoms, continue to Lucy A. Clark in thechair. Oct. 27, 1893. Singing "Wyoming" from the Suffrage burn steadily and true until all the icebergs ANOTHER RELIEF SOCIETY. "Profid State of the Union, of prejudice with which you are surrounded Song book. shall have melted away, and, "Hasten the we love thee, A symbol of Justice thy Minutes of the organization of the freedom's when proday banner, proud folds The name; ,of our flag wave above .Keliet boaety ot bouth I aylorsville held m no no shall shadow slave." tecting tyrant The star of thee, the School house Oct. 31st, 1893. thy greatness to claim." ... Song: "The song that readied my etc. Bishop HeberBennion presiding. MeetMinnie rendered was by sweetly heart," Susan Grant. Singing, "Our Prayer by ing opened by singing, "Praise to the man." "Woman of Williams, Kaysville. Essay now from claim We our country thee, by Bishop HeberBennion. Singing S. Rogers. Or-- " Prayer let Aurelia Versus by Man," in freedom's us rejoice."' "Now liberty name." of solo Ella Barton, by Kaysville. gan conventine minutes of the last annual Bishop Bennion theiin spoke upon the conthe and benediction After singing ion were read and approved also the necessity, of organizing a Society in this vention adjourned. financial report. c part of the wTard, and upon the duties and TV TT.1 t.: r vw w casein, xxcicu itcikius, auuj i.xiy strength of the Relief Society, in the Millard were appointed a committee on several wards. NATIONAL-AMERICACON Sister Pixton made the motion that Siscredentials and reported the following named VENTION. ladies entitled to seats in the convention: ter Mary Parker be appointed president: a unanimous vote was taken. , Kaysville, Minnie Williams, Ellen BarThe 26th, Annual Convention of the andSister Parker was "then set apart by ton, Sarah B.. Layton, Jane Blood, R, National-- rnerican " Woman " Suffrage AsManseF and Dora Wessels; Farniington , sociation will be held in Washington, D. Bishop HeberBennion. Sister Jane Bringhurst was .selected as Elizabeth Coombs, Helen M. Miller, Clara at Metzerott's Music Hall, Feb. 0 C, first counselor and set apart to that position Stayner, Aurelia S. Rogers and Mary Milinclusive, 1894. lard: Centreville.' The Government's recognition of women by counselor William Panter. Margaret Randall; East Sister Mary Palmer was chosen second Bountiful, Jane, Holt; West Bountiful, in the Board of Managers for the World's counselor and set apart by Bishop Heber Martha Fackrell and Hele Con Perkins; South Columbian Exposition, Bountiful, Mary Ann Page', Eliza Nelson, gress of Representative Women the Bennion. Sister Sararr E. Bringhurst was selected Maria Hatch, Sarah Howaid, Emma Moss, greatest convocation of women ever as as secretary and set apart by Bishop ReuPhoebe Hales and Rhoda Atkinson. sembled the participation of women in the nion. Speeches were made by President Minentire series of World's Congresses, the Sister Alice Newbold was chosen treasurnie President gaining of woman suffrage in Colorado, Williams, of Kaysville, er and set apart by counselor William PanteElizabeth Coombs, of Farmingtori; give to ourdemand for political equality for r.-' Margaret Randall, of Centreville, women unprecedented prestige in the world There wrere present, Bishop Heber BenPresident Martha Fackrell, of West Bounti-of thought. nion and counselors, Sisters Julia C. Howe Jane Holt. East, and Mary Ann Page, From this vantage ground let us assemble D. Alder, of Salt Lake City, and of South Bountiful. in our 26th annual Convention to work for SisterLydia Elizabeth Pixton, Sister Mary Beninose who had held meetings in ineir the realization of an ideal Republic, with nion, Sister Webster, all of whom spoke Precincts reported that they had made some the assurance of success it the, near future. to instructively the Sisters. progress in the stndv nf civil government, With the question of woman suffrage very Services closed by singing "The Spirit is New it and Kansas York, in pur history, politics, etcT pending of God," benediction by Elder . William ' ' Ae following officers were eiectea:i manifest duty to concentrate our efforts up- Parker. President, Lucy A. Clark; Vice Presidents, on those two States, and one business sesJ. Harker, Sec, teie Smith, Rose Hatch and. Dora Wes-sel- sion of the Convention will be devoted to means to Secretary Leone Rogers, correspond- the consideration of ways and " PRIM ARY ANNUAL . ing Secrerar',HattieltnowU6n; Treasurer, further this object. Besides the presidents 01 the auxiliary Mary Millard. Auditors, M. E. Knowlton Ward Primary Associatio n The an Julia Hess. Chairman of executive State Associations, the speakers invited are: held its 14th, annual meeting Sunday evening Mine. Fanny Zampini Salazar, of Italy, and committee, Athalia Steed, members of com-eDec. 3rd 1 893 , under the direction of the Minnie Williams, Elizabeth Coombs, Mine. Ilanna Korany,1 of Syria, who . t -- " T if. 1 N . A 15-2- the--Worl- d's Vice-reside- nt H , . 1 . s. e, - ; 