f 'V.l 1. WOMAN'S KXPONKNT. 'J ness. Asked GcxUo she might be able Icr J here in Canada. . prolong her days that come and sec us again " Elizabeth Rollin, Erne Stoddard, Martha Brown, Nellie Lieshman, Rhoda Hinmari," Loh Stoddajd, Dora Ilinman, Mary Aim Parrott and Martha Baker each, said they offered by ICIder U. V Stevens and ntlw re to..,. -- Redeemer lives." 101 Mocnch. $ister "I know tiiat my Bishop McQuarrie said he tnil r. .7 xiniarus in the Ward over which lie presided: had nevei known any ne: so much energy and of thankful the were , privilege of ueiermi tint inn , Yllu having mucn genius in Asked God to searching out the bearing their poor and,- distressed, and bless our noble sister. Kach wished her so much skill and ability in supplying their '' Knew she was a wants as Sister Richards "Many IlappyReturus. had exhibited in noble good woman; and deserved much her labor of love in the wild-possesse- - ward; and now. he ' ( President Zina Lam then gave a brief sketch of her mother's life; said she knew the spirit of the Lord would be with her, ana sue kucw iudi sue wouiu Know we were speaking of her goodness. Asked the Lord to prolong her days. Said .it was a great comfort to her to know nd to- - hear the sisters bear their testimony in regard to her coming to visit us again; she wanted to ..a -- ii 1. : u..u i ,.i speuu an mc iiiiic one vumu wun ner aear mother. Closing prayer by President'; Zina ' 4 Card. P. S.Dear Aunt Zina;. ! could not be this meeting on acpresent at the time of . t.-i- . i r r i 10 aaa count oi sicKness. dui ti ieei mv with the rest of blessing my dear sisters. God all the of we May giver enjoy bless you and prolong your days. May peace be your, happy lot,"dear sister. - -- ( "i That you may neve? want, but always have plenty. ""Ma sends love; so also does Sarah. All are enjoying pretty good health. Yours Lovingly, Nellik Hinman, Sec. ' One of the most pleasant evenings of the season was spent at the residence of Apostle Franklin D. Richards January 2 ist, 1894,' it being the 71st Anniversary of the birth of the Apostle's beloved wife and our esteemed friend,JPresident Jane SrRichards.-7130 p. m. their spacious rooms were At witlimiling faces, each one being anxious to extend congratulationsand. heartfelt wishes for many happy" returns ok the day. Among the happy throng laden with choice sentiments of pleasant greetings were noticed President L. W. Shurtliff and wife, Counselor N. C. Flygare, Bishop Robert McQuarrie and", wife,. Bishop Stratford, Bishop Wallace, Hon.- - D. H. Peery-auwife, Judge Farr and wife, Lawyer Rolapp and wife Prof. Moench and wife, Elder E. H. Nye and wife, Sisters Cannon, Herrickj Woodmansee, Littlefield; Critchlo w, James, Canfield, and a host of others too numerous to mention, besides a number of relatives, including her only sister Mrs. Sarah S. Richards, and niece Mrs. Lovisa Roundy. The amiable lady was taken by storm; shaken and embraced without consent. No mercy was shown, every one seeming to think they had a perfect right to a birthday kiss anda shake of the. dear hand, as they whispered a sentiment suitable for the ocd -- casion. This time at least Sister Richards was truly surprised and disconcerted, though she soon regained "her composure and proceeded in her usual courteous manner .to welcome the invaders, and makfeevery one feel at ease, a characteristic of hers to which she is admirably adapted. Bishop McOuarrie then' took charge of tbe proceedings, and the company sang, -- Nowllet us -- reioice;1' rayer was etc, , -- was happy to state, her refining influence was felt throughout the city, county, Ter- : ..,. , ' A TRIBUTE TO JANI5 S. RICHARDS , . BY R. K. MOENCH. We've called here this evening dear Sister and Friend, A few words of love to express, Our congratulations to you to extend, And to wish you continued success. You've trnly been blessed by our Father and God In the work so nobly you've done, Through trials so patient, in counsel so wisel t To the dear age of Seventy-on- ritory and beyond its borders. His good wishes and prayers were manv, and beautiWe are journeyingon toward the end of life's " fully expressed. race, . President L. AV. Shurtliff said he had And doing the best that we know, admired Sister Richard's tact in bat- - Why not the approval and smiles of our friends To cheer us along as we go? uing witn difficulties, nobly surmonntincr them, and overcomine: evil with rood. hnd Too often the tokens of love are Iain by . Like the miser who hoards up his gold, to express his deen1 fnr Till I .t: :r r. i ' .. . . the sensitive spirit has left its abode, uer, enaorsed all that had been said and And the loving heart's lifeless and cold. " prayed for her to live and do good as long The vaults are then opened and treasures brought as she desired to do so. forth, Hon. D. H. Perry said Sister Richards Such honors; what tongne could relate? had shown more love and charity in her The noble deeds done, and bright laurels won Are heralded then, but too late labors than any one he had ever known. Those who knew her best loved her most; Too late, when life's hurdens are once cast aside. the zeal with which she had labored was When the wearisome journey is o'er, worthy of praise Her exemplary family The love and affection for which the heart sighed Are needed to cheer them no more. were filling, honorably, responsible s which was due to her instructioin Let us rally round our dear friends while they live With love smooth the furrows of care: and are a credit to her. charity's mantle mistakes cover o'er, Sisters Emily Shurtliff and R. E. Monch Let And help the"m their burdens to bear. also expressed their high regard and due heart has its sorrow, each bosom its woe, appreciation for Sister Richards, gave her Each Each Pilgrim must bear his own cross, great credit for her untiring efforts in Our own cares seem lighter when others we aid, charitable purposes, and prayed that she In giving, we suffer no loss. might have health and strength to continue You ve followed this rule at home and abroad, to her heart's satisfaction. And shown what a woman can do Brother and Sister Richards each exIn wisely extending the gifts of His love, Which God has bestowed upon you; pressed their gratitude to their friends for rr if m w rr x t tr their kindly wishes extended, and their e. al-wa- ys ' not-langua- ge - reo-an- l possi-tion- . 1 . . crowded : v - A GENUINE SURPRISE. . well satisfied d . praise. After pleasant adieux the crowd dispersed with, the evening's enjoyment. V ' - 1 appreciated, after which Bishop McQuarrie announced a change in the program, which proved to be a delicious repast .prepared by the sons and daughters of the Apostle and his noble lady. It was a pleasing feature ofthe occasion to wi tness the tender regard shown by the sons and daughters for their parents. Hon. F. S. Richards and wife, Josephine Richards Ve-- t and Mrs. L. M. Richards each deserve praise for the excel lent refreshments which they served with becoming grace and courtesy which betoken- -' ed the culture of a model home. After refreshments were served Apostle Richards spoke very interestingly of their early experience in Ogden. Through long acquaintance and association with the good people of Weber County the ties of friendship had grown stronger, and he said, "Knowing you more we will serve you better.' ; He also stated that the same-higregard expressed for Sister Richards in a public capacity he had always entertained for her in the social relation at home. During fifty one years of inarried life they had passed through many trials and privations which Sister Richards had borne with She-ha- d ever been patience and fortitude. very unselfish, seeking the comfort and happiness of others rather : than her own. They had not celebrated their silver and golden weddings, but thanked God for their union, and loved each other better as the veil grew thinner between'them and the y Eternal worlds. Sister Richards made a few appropriate remarks, and the closing prayer was offered by Bishop Stratford. -- . h ; , LADIES 1 11 MEETING. SEMI-MONTHL- Y Minutes of .the Ladies Meeting, held in ITT T LI .1 iue 14m vvuiu vsserauiy xxan, jan. 13111 Prest. M. -- .t- 3 TT-- 11 1884. I. Home presiding. Sone "Come let us anew." Prayer by Sister E. Brown, f Continued by singing, "All Hail the new born year.'! Minutes of the last Prest. M. I. meeting read and approved. Home said lam happy to meet with you in many sisters here today, and I trust that you will all bear testimony. The minutes of the 5th Ward Primary Annual Meeting were read by the Secretary, a little girl. Sisters Aird and Leaker,- each" bore a strong testimony to the truth of the Gospel, and felt to acknowledge the hand of God in au tnings. listers sang, "vve tnank thee O, God for a prophet." Sister Julia Pack, spoke of trials and tribulations she had passed through, said she had seen the sick healed by the laying on of hands, had seen many raised from seeming death, aiid had been raised herself. Sister Bidgood, spoke' of learning the things of God, through tribulations. Told Desired" of many trials borne in the past. to live to do good, invoked God's blessing on all the sisters. Cbuu. E Webb said, let us talk comfort--in- g words to each other, and be valiant, soldiers in the cause of our God. Let us have faith and bear cheerfully what we are) called upon to endure. Let us thank the Lord for our experiences, for the v are les- - . 1 