i-- yji.UNDK Eiyqarsri?iorer4o a t ne i t h e r w e, or an y of us k n 6 w Th . Save what weVe 'told in histories long-ago- W men e the past year - - ' That Declarajidn signed by famous' men Is our Escutcheon, blazoned with a .pen In letters riven deep, whose meaning glows ; 9wbV freedom In ev'ryjieart where Jovejof And we are glad to celebrate today v bur and "That anniversary homage pay i i d n C fa r tli,r s) gran 'ihs To '; nbj 5 i 1 Whidf floats-- oFI-lbe- r Tlmjland 4 come, 1 1 ' . - ; Where did you get those arms and hands? Lojv e made itself- - into ho oks .and ' hen . : To find in this broad land a happy home, Might all enjoy the freedom God has given, rToaiL mankind Joorship Him in heaven As seemeth good.no matter what the creed For evVy one best knoweth his own need. h a nds. . . . r -- And ever since where'er the flag is'found On this proud day the people gather round And beat the drums, and martial musicplay, Ajidinarchi-triuWpharitly- And joyous shouts resounding everywhere, While of Columbia's fame the people sing. JJntil the echoes through xthe welkin ring. O s: . The stars arid stripes are", hailed with "great v applause, The simple heraldry ot Freedom's cause,, -- 1 Long may they wave, we love these symbolsiire,. While peaceand plenty make our homes secure," And the fair goddess who presides o'er all Sweet Liberty, O, may she. never fall From that high pedestal, but ever stand The guardian angel of this land, V ' x Within these peaceful vales far in the West, Guarded by sentinels with sno;v-whit- e crest, Are sons and daughters who the truth revere Born heirs to liberty, who know no fear, They are the offspring of those noble sires Whose Pilgrim fathers kindled Freedom fires nd Far in the East, they lit the sacred .shrin-Ain lot its glory the West doth shine. " ' , ' ' tent men practitioneers,' yet, I wish to ay words of encouragement and faith in f those of our own organization , (I write j j -- : ' " far-fam- 'd has-mad- - 1 ' " . THE BABY. Where did you corae.from, baby dear? ' Out of the everywhere into here.; r Where did yblTget your es-fliTueOut of the" sky as I came through. What makes the light of them sparkle and spin? :jSomeof the-stiirr- spikes left in. e I i i s not only in words but deeds" prove our loyalty and friendship, respect and approval of their, undertakings.- - Patronize and love them, - use gur innueii,strengtheii " them' by our confidence and defence yon every occasion possible. Ignorance is a str6ngJ factor where its power is acknowledged and allowed to grow, yet numbersnor force cannot long withstand the light of intelligence, the "rays of brain superior .knowledge-v- of where principles X)f, sound judgment and true wisdom are arrayed. Just as scon as women are themselves iully awakened to of their. own qualifications, their.r value as doctors and nurses, just so soon will, every one else men included cknowledgenliem as such r e wish our doctors (pur. lady doctors) We desire them to be every success. highly educated in all branches of scientific study, to improve' every opportunity to grasp every advanced idea that presents itself, to keep pace with the glorious age wre live-i- n to -z thorough"" accurate nnd ca Lytemntic pabler to have dignity and gentleness combined, mcdesty, purity, neatness, order and loye pervade their every walk in life'and rhereby, prove that .they are just what we would wish them to be, viinistcring angels on earth. J. P. M. Fa KNsvoRTrn" LlA Salt Lake City, Jujy 3rd, 1894. - . , I " A PIRIvSI.DE- TALK WITH MY - rr sisters. :::':r Surrounding circumstances, . every day occurrences and present conditions in society have called forth, and' aroused dormant sentiments' which have for the past number of years remained expressionless in my. own. home circle, but which ever since I have been old 'enough to think and reflect lor myself, I have most stronedy T , ciinnnrted vvhirh Vic wif nnrl see. plainly c'ti'i necessity for adoption and in advocacy our communities, as Latter-daSamts,xas true women, and refined modesL y . -- lsTersrttimainty. - Why7is71t that amoligjour intellfgeut gentlewomen, so many employ and prefer jnen, . as Physicians . xinstead of those of our own sex? Not only in contagious diseasesjjut obstetrics and as doctors for their babies in all infantile troubles, every trivial ailment, children are subjects for -- -- " ) j ' And He our. country's honor will defend, He is the God of battles, and the Friend Of those.who trust in His Almighty care, And victory giveth so Hiswords declare. And we acknowledge His all powerful hand Is over all in this and ev'ry landAnd wh i e we yiel d obed i ence to His la ws He will protect us and uphold our cause; WilKgive us peace, and hqmes wherein to dwell He. is the God who favors Israel; So let:us live we can the blessings claim, Which He has promised us thro Jesus name, ' v1 ,: June, 27,1894, E. B. W. i fromypersxrn -- - And on this glorious day we celebrate ' The Independence which us great With gratitude to God our bosoms sw ell, We know Our Father doeth all things we'll; at expj&jeiic'p, . vhrtrn'.f"y comprehend our needs and wants, as they, rL w ho so truly feel and-sn se 6 u r su ffe ri n g as refined, educated gentle womanhood? Who. so readily tell and judge every feeling of the heart,- - the mind the workincr's of natures - rdaughter7 by him, when she was old,-- in the year 1878 at Beaver; Utah. , v great respecCand esteem .."for -- compe-: ori six-month- AVith flags and banners floating in the air, I ha ve J the Exfonekt lor publication, believing it will be appreciated bv all voune mothers, who read our naner. our.-H- andairothefr rltri do not desire youto inisuiidefstatid "nfeTT to- - asit yaVaselecti6nlor TresidentZr of form thouglra 'womanmayllias'e beauty - ' pretty little poem tnost; necessary; Jind-a- l: ! " At the suggestion of twcTbf President " We are taught that; true attainments combined, ...without pure-unadulterated modesty she falls far short of' i wMypd-intendeher to be. ; You n g s wives, we . send ,the .following - - ! But, how did you come. to usj you dear? , God thought about you, and so tarn here. When six-- , months .old to baby Julia, from President Brigham Young. Beaver, i30. , T ; I ' How did. tliey all just come to you? God thought-aboume, and so I grew. i'-- J;oyirtue as thei i ' - X modesty is one of the- - most lovely orpa- ments a .woman can possess, I hold it next - Feet; whence did you come, you darling things? From the same box as the cherubs wings. -- income respects! j t t-W- - J Where did you get this pearly ear? God .'spoke, and it came but to hear. r. tyWdear lyoug lit,."1-- " ' I : for their lights cur brave forefathers fought That we their children, and others who might ; 1 ,:. -- Ll - -- ' vv - . i-Jf- '. nat maices your cneeRsiiKe a warm, wmte rose? petrated by men of thq prpfe'ssionfelt lo I saw something better than anyone knows. ':L L exclaim r would to Heaenur-wQmeh"6f that three cornered smile of bliss? tie Nineteenth Century were more lice the kiss.'.-;-:!-Moslem women of far off ancient Arabia The angels gave me at xmce a 1TTI . :". V"saere'd r tHevr wcm Id .not 11 tbrcf patrioticT sages, v"? Uporr this,dapriade great by song and try TT Our brave forefathers in Heroic glory, ' Proclaimed the Declaration which has made Oar country free, and foreign powers afraid. Oris .V- - ..f : hve in jes haoS&wn : p. , adue. Well "says one lady '.'men are so much more thorough, they have so much more time to study and practice than Vomen, " (we do not believe all this.) Yet,auowing part as true, let us review some of the many disadvantages, and hindrances placed against her in this medieaUreatmeat-and field. ' ; . -b- " : :.In the. first place there always has been a strong prejudice against women' in medical MISCELLANEOUS. of the not colleges past; .many allowing her to - enter asa-stude- nt, and even to day, Life has no securities' to those who live she is prevented, debared from many : regardless of law. xprivileges that justly belong to her. Good 'food makes good blood,, and good Next she is nqt, paid near as large a salary as man, and she is expected to dp a blood is the life of the body. As threshing separates the' wheat from great deal more work. I feel that this is a ' a gross partiality cruel wrong: Conserva-- " the chaff, so does afiliction-purif- y tisin , custom still holds an influence in ; y we civilizatian; yet, must liotworry over it, To lie down after work ancltotake off for time, intelligence and woman's own! pressure, is to render a doctor unnecessary ability will eventually right ' these condiin ninety-nin- e cases out of a hundred. ' tions, and that which- will aid and bring about.a. reform the most speedy, will be the ' Educate the stomach. When it is once tifph united support e women by vb,meiu accustomed to simple ibod, voracious ap-- " We read in history that the Mohamniedan petite, distress, and. disease will disappear. virtue-.Iiurto- - - . " n. , 7 . 