90 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the House so, late that it could only be MASS. SUFFRAGE HEARING,' 1894!. The passed by suspending the rules. House voted, 54 to 44, to suspend the rules KXTRACT. in its favor, but failed to do so for want of the necessary . ViK ask that women may vote in order In North Dakota a full suffrage amendmav rt nresent themselves, that . ment passed the Senate, 20 to 9, and the that thev j j they may represent their class. They have d House, 33 to 2?,abut was afterwards interests to protect as women. Let me inin the House and lost. 7;"- stance a case which occured withina week. IiilllinoiYajjill to repeal school suffrage The police broke tip a disorderly house, "failed, no one voting for it except the large nnmber of women, 'and an mover; and a bill to extend townsliip sufequally largenumber of men, and what fol frage to women passed the Senate, 27 to u, lowed? Erery woman was sent to Sher-bor- n but failed in the House. prison; every nian was released withIn Michigan a bill granting municipal out penalty. Is that justice? We believe suffrage to women, with an educational in one standard of morality for men and qualification, passed the House, 57 to 25, women. There are questions, of marriage, and the Senate iS to 11, and was signed of divorce, of the right of a mother to her by the Governor, but was, set "aside liy the children, of the. protection "of young girls,-o- f Supreme Court as unconstitutional. ' the rights and interests of widows and In California a school suffrage bill passed Why, gentlemen, after forty the House, 42 to 27, and the Senate, 31 to orphans. of agitation, there is not a married 6, Jbut was vetoed by the Governor. In years woman in Massachusetts who lives with Vermont, where, in the constitutional Con- her husband, that has any legal control or fnr iintnoti vention nf -ifim -n rrrmncitirm . r I custody of her children. The husband suffrage received only one vote,a municipal may take his young daughter and place suffrage bill passed the last House, 149 to her behind a bar to sell liquor in the city of d came so - near passing the Senate ' .1. ..... ".... i '11 tnave J Boston, and the wife can have no remedy 01 nve voies wouia maiJ a cnange effects a carried it. In New Mexico full Suffrage unless she leaves her husband, legal separation, breaks up the family, audi ; passed the House by a large majority, but then goes to the Judge of probate and asks did not reach a vote in the Senate. child! Is that justice? Can you In Arkansas school suffrage passed the for her that this", law in regard to the Senate, but was laid on the table' in the' imagine of children would not be rectified . two-third- s. , . v A ' you io decide whether your party shall have its full proportion of them, or not. But whether "you are a Republican or a Democrat, you are an honest man, and you want.to do justice. And when you give us this act, give it in a straightforward way, as an act of Legislature. " , H. B. recon-sidere- ar-reste- d,a , , , 83,-an1 . A' -- . - House. In Connecticut a school suffrage bill passed both branches of the Legislature, was signed by the Governor, and is now the law. In New York the last Legislature extended to women the right to vote for county school commissioners, in addition to the right to vote for ordinary school officers; which the women have had since 1880. But the Supreme Court has just set aside the new law granting count' school commissioners suffrage as unconstitutional. In Wyoming, the House of Representatives, by a unanimous vote, after twenty- -' five years' experience, declared that woman suffrage had worked well, and advised all other States to adopt it. v In Nova Scotia full suffrage was defeated by 3 votes. In New Zealand full suffrage parsed both branches of the Legislature, was signed by the Governor and is now the law. In the British House of Commons, suffrage was extended to airwomeny both married and single, by the parish councils bill, against the opposition of the govern-men- t, by a vote of 147 to 126. The House of Commons has since voted to make women eligible also to serve on the London vestries. In our own country, while the only actual victories of the suffragists during the past year have been . in Colorado and Connecticut, the close votes in many other States show the growth of public sentiment upon the question. Years ago, when woman suffrage was much more unpopular than now, Bishop5 custody by this very Legislature, if women" had suffrage? The interests of women are not and are not consulted as they repressed should be. Not because men desire to do iuiustice to women, but because we have our own affairs to look after. In conclusion I appeal to you for a moment as members of political parties. We are all party men; weought to be, if we believe in the principles of our party. Now both parties-todaare on trial in Massachusetts, much more than woman suffrage is on trial. The political result of municipal suffrage, when it comes, will largely depend upon the political complexions of the vote by which the Legislature confers it. If an equal proportion of Democrats and Republicans extend suffrage to women, as they ought to do, for it ought, to be the unanimous vote of both parties, then this question would have no particular party significance. Both .parties would be upThe spirit of both would be lifted. changed by the introduction of the . . y : " - ' , tfcAwv J f 41 AW&Al whether it were true that he had been speaking at a suffrage meeting. "Yes," answered the bishop, "I don't want to fall in at the rear of this reform. I propose to march with the profession!". A. S. B. Ex. r MissXonstance Fenimore WoOlson, the novelist, died Jan . 2 1 at Venice. She was : a grand-niec- e of James Fenimore Cooper. RELIEF SQCIETY SECRETARIES. TiiK secretaries of the several branches of the Relief Societies of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion are urgently requested to send in their reports before the 20th of the present month. ponent i Address Woman's office. Exi Margaret A.Caine, Sec. Mks. Anna Austin was recently elected Mayor of Pleasanton, Kan. The full enfranchisement of women in New Zealand has stimulated the friends of woman suffrage throughout Australia. A very demonstrative meeting was recently, held at Sidney. It appears that the chairmanship of Sir Henry Parkes did not rowdy element from interrupting some of the men speakers to whom they were politically opposed. The women ora tors-- , Mrs. Wolstenholme, Mrs. Lawson and Mrs. Summerfield appear to have had no trouble and their splendid speeches were complimented by Sir Henry, who said that hehad never in parliamentary" debate heard three speeches on one side to equal pre-vehTt- A theirs. DU WORD'S Will sell you any Shoe In their Mammoth Store at actual " FACTORY COST PRICE. Commencing Monday, January .29th and continuing for .30 days. DOWT- - MIS S - THIS SAIjX. 57 SOUTH MAIN ST." 26, 2 8, 30 and 32 East 1st South St.t SAI.T LAKE CITY, . intelligentwomanBcod-of-these-partie- Blackwf.u.. s.- But let this great act of justice .be done the Republicans or let it be done by the uemocrais, me oiner pany opposing; ana the party that does the act of justice will deserve to receive and will receive an immense accession of strength through , its action. Some of you are Republicans, some of you are Democrats, but which ever you be, you owe it to your party (because you believe that the success of your party is the success of good government) to see that you get enough men of your party to vote for it to prevent its having any political significance against you. - It is suicidal for either partyto oppose woman e for fear it may injure them. An act of justice never will. The shortsightedness of TJie Leading Retail Gasli Hoiisr .THOMAS 1 WI1S Keeps on Hand suf-rag- opponents seems to me amazing. Politicans go round soliciting votes,- - even buying votes in some cases, and using every influence. And here' are 500,000 votes in Massachusetts today, which are going to be brought into the government. It is for . DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGSi FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUIPOISE WAISTS, ETC. Press Klab in flats in ail its branches, late retrimmed Millinery, and Bonnets cleaned and Feathers curled, etc. Stamping doro to order. But ons covered.whileyou wait. Wnrial Suits a Specialty TEMPLE STISEET Q WEST 1NO. AA O. opp. Grant Bros. Stables. etyles, he " 