Ui ain S EXPONENT. av.iy, she would ha Vt been father and' mother both a nearly as possible, la me hat 1S one . side of his iJou ner- - you purely will reconsider-thinature, ; plead tor till i he .waft, jus P within gets of the four idea going away. alls .of his home. He findsHhe l "Cousin Janeexcu'se me if I woman; bhe plans and for him the iplots will be a "tiiere ship, sailing in a few go, works of tne future, she assifi will I. now and. come back try soon days mm with , his lectures, hispatiently ) writings, his bringing my mother with me I cannot while everything,, .the tired poor statesman bear to stay here now that Anna has gone,1 smokes a or visits cigar, quiet the land of I never liked the Country as you .know, . it od. was to please her that I came." Sirs. The life of Disraeli England's late illuswas it felt Bland hopeless to say more but trious statesman proves this; "When weary decided to ask - the Doctor to add his enand worn out with the complex questions treaties to hers, and so they parted for the of state, he was to throw up honor ready night," her mind full of the grave' phase of .and renown, and only cheered hv a wif the difficulty she had to face, .'while he only who eagerly aided him by words of com-for- t, thinking of himself, longed to be off and clearing away the dark clouds of doubt away, and; forget unpleasantness in new and mystery. Is it not time that woman Before v retiring that claimed her own? faces and scenes. Why should others night Jane talked longhand seriously with shine by her efforts? Even if her path be herhusbandwtio promised to do his best not so high as this, woman every may pe a to a waken, the fatherlj instincts of Mait-lan- d patriot, and do her a of good. .world country and make him see the wrong he would Every woman whose object it is to rcise her do by leaving his children1 to others, and children to be good.uscful men and women, his affairs with a steward who was very who are willing to defend their flag from incompetent to manage for him -- when his insult and injury, has placed a boon in the master was there to oversee. In a few days hands of her country. How true it is that , Dr. Bland found an opportunity to speak to "the hand that rocks the cradle, is the hand Maitland, and he listened attentively for he thabrules the world!.' ' Her trials and sufheld the good Doctor in the highest estimafering may soon be' forgotten, )mt her deeds tion, but he made no promises, and as time will last forever. . ; went by it was very apparent he intended all" hot in the to comThough' power of battle-fielthe servants were mand d the as going; iipon gossipping among Joan of Arc, each other as js quite natural, and the Bcadicea Bona Lombardi or the Maid of houeskeeper came to Mrs. Bland with the Saragossa didryet her work is none the les3 r .' news as she imagined it to be that his great. , Harriet Beecher Stowe illustrates a case Lordship (her young master) was about to leave for England. where the pen has proved a potent factor in the female hand. How that book, "Uncle Tom's Cabin," inspired noble, deep thinkwoman's ing men and women to put down the curse, that bid fair to destroyxthis boasted land of ' s 1 - J -- say-Hnu- st ; - , , . : , . ; . -- ' 127 at Urigham- City, on the 13th of March, at' ten o'clock, a. m. ; President Olivia Wider-bor- g presiding. Singing," Do what is right let the consequence follow:" Prayer by counselor Mary Wright,. Singing, "Hail, to the brightness of Zion's glad morning." Roll called, minutes read and accepted; Reports were made by Sister Harper, president Calls, Fort; Sister. Watkins, president Fourth Ward, Brigham City; Sister Cordon, Willard;. Sister Michelseu, president of the Scandinavian Sister Association; Gregorsen, counselor Third Ward, Brigham' vjioici inuiuc, picsiueni mree Mile Creek; Sister Bigler, counselor in Second Ward, Brigham City; Sister Jensen of Mantua. Each made encouraging remarks. President Widerborg, explained that Sister Mary E. Snow has resigned her positioifas president in the second ward, and her counselors had done remarkable well in ucr uusence. ine .uora will bless Sister Boden, who will be her successor. Sister Charlotte Boden responded with a wish to' ue iauniui ana penorm every duty. . Sister Bowring: I heard Brother Kimball once say we should be as clav in the 1 -- rn AA can do a notter's hrrnd if wp shall be so. Uo. ,.,'1' T We great deal of good to each other, we should continually plead with the Lord t6 give us strength to live faithful. . . ' Emelia D, Madsen: It isa Sacred calling to be a president or an officer in the Relief Society. The teachers in visiting should try . . patriotism: Every nation has its heroes, its patriots, and statesmen, and proclaims their virtues far and wide, till they seem to walk before us as examples, as guides and instructors, sometimes for good; sometimes for evil. Thouch history cenerally makes most familiar to us, men who have dedicated their lives to their country, the opposite sex, wome?i have been ho less active. Prejudice and ignornace have for centuries buried in oblivion their virtues, and brought to . . daylight only their frailties, never striving to enlarge and elevate their idea and motives, .... But that time has passed. r We live in an age of progress, when the very atmosphere cries On ward and upward, ' ' and woman is beginning to take her Tight position in the wnrlrl It is-appar- that she is God's appointed She teaches, she inspires those sentiments- and feelings which are called the virtues of humanity, and whether these virtues shall progress, whether the permanent improvement of our race shall be upward, depends on how man treats her. Was it not a woman that was first to proclaim a risen Saviour? Was she not the one chosen by our Lord himself, to go forth bearing the glad tidings to the sorrowing disciples, that their Redeemer lived! Do we not plainly see that Christ recognized woman as the equal of man, and who, after this, shall say,' "Stand back woman?" What is man without woman? He is selfish, prejudiced, and easily cast down, while he calls himself "lord of all creation." Not so with woman. She is the prop that keeps Wrastanding. He, from his pedestal of honor and rdnown, smiles benignly upon his He may be consulted in worshipers. agent of morality; - . . Spirit of the Lord, the spirit of discernment and great big hearts that they may find even those who shrink from receiving help in their need. This money famine has affected many, who would rather give than take.. Our deceased president, ' 'Aunt Harriet, ' ' ..' ' used to say, Mwe should save souls," perLiberty. The story was not the outburst of haps some may even become strengthened a chimerical brain, but the truth as gleaned in their faith by the consideration and from actual facts. The volume was not sympathy of their sisters. Counselor Mary Wright: Mostof us planned at once. No, like the far off light iti the h enlTn v of. thp which the traveler sees, butvlifchomes have had exnerience t 0 no nearer to him save yvhis own exertions,' sick, we- should have confidence IrT our brethren and sisters. Let us not find fault step by Step, every time the foot goes forward coming nearer the journey's end; so with each other, it is weakenine to our- with her, humanity struck the flint, and the selves, let us do all the good we can. If it tiny spark inspired her. Onward she was not for the Relief Society we would Angel pressed, the goal was reached and a blow not pe wrnai we are. singing, from high." Benediction by Brother Call.-struck in poor, suffering Africa's behalf. This writer was a patriot true and bold, , shunning not the boulders that darkened the song of Jubilee." Prayer by Bishop Valentine. Singing, 'Sweet is Thy work her path, fearing not the" hate of her SouthReports from the ern brethren , ready, to give her life for my God, my king." different branches read by Sister Annie ' 4 humanityi She had not the fiery eloquence of Clay or Wixom. President Olivia Widerborg: "I. Webster, but she made use of the talent am happy I am one with you my sisters, Latter-daSaints,4 whose hearts are full of placed in her hands, and her task, was as an earnest desire to serve, the Lord. You faithfully performed as those of Lincoln, have heard the reports, the Lord has blest . Grant or Farragut. The world is beginning to learn that, - us, peace," love, and unity has bound us to-'- after all, the progress and prosperity of a gether,I feel to thank the Lord. Let us live so that0 love and unity may grow among nation" depends as much upon the woman ; we all have faults, but none of us have ,as the man, and to gain' the desired -ends, aus,moment to spare to find falilt with others. their rights must be equal, that they may would say to Presidents and Secretaries, Valk together,, oife supporting the other,, I Justice .and Truth, shall clasp keep your reports straight; by the help of ; my sisters we. have tried to get our Stake hands, never more to be rent assunder;", . record in such a shape that when we go x: Flo. behind the veil we can show on black and : San Francisco. white what we hare done with your means. Sister Sadie Hansen, Beaver Dam, Sister" Booth, President First Ward, Brigham City, R. S. REPORTS. made some interesting suggestions; referred . ' . . . -- -- y till-Purit- y, - . BOX ELDER STAKE. Relief Society of Quarterly confeienceof the the Tabernacle in BOX Elder Stake, convened how he called their attention to his faults, believed there was not a man living with so few faults as Brother ..Woodruff. 