Uffir? H iiH I;.. ;;;.rr;C;7t:: - ' ; -'"- - ' Now the yo : rKivauiik. nd e--? fef";-- " atiirig inill masters' tiic aron ire - is startling all iti ! , truth from error, good morning!!' ,auuivilJt.,itl.u .".dySyr un- - Womatunusthave We but ask for freedom and the right lo -- V5, and wklredjiess Which' are - ; --- .. w r Tir .rI7W TtVT,' ' "t . , Put . t remains frth, , . v?0'; has been ttW?3ai3x our 4oorS investigatioii, , . . ;- - a. ' precisely ine same conairipn iLivaSutwo, vice with and with league to them if they do- worship a ,God without y or Ixxly-partscome. upon'T1 passions;, fear-ha- ioihinWieChurGK'. it.makek no live, and differf-n- r - -., . ''V,. p CZAvTiaT we are dc;siiCd iii God's greafplan;' A n d we VtrMi real J-- ink i n g meirtvill very shortly i see, : 1 s the people and saloons are being closed and v ;': 7 dancing disfellowshiped. ; I have found five that believe .the Gospel but (hi not feel that they: can gatherout; they have'defended our doctrines, and hsfve 1 ' r.;...--.- ' " ; ; ...r. Vo.nan must have equal rights with mm. I I ' .. ."'Chorus. ..:...)--- y , i r A -- - "You must'help in rubbing out.' forever our, present city administration. 1 lie work of stopping this is woman's sphere, .Your -- , - , cn?ie' power is immense. You can do nothing" We but ask for freedom and the rjgljt to live and . ho doubt renioedsomeloLthe-prejyUdice- s more effective in the four weeks' between . .r be : and misrepresentations in circulation now and the election , than intensify the in God's reat plan; What we are designed against us; I- find the women are taking the personal feeling Avhich.- - should actuates ' ' ail will sure thinking-mevery shortly lead, in some-- a t tef sp; they have orga n i zed "campaign. You women . should do this. . -see: a society of women to get means to hire the 1 have with Woman must man. , equal rights graveyard-beautifie- d and fenced nd are wome:; name the records this a is laudable Should it be that in o'er winch our hunting up .;; standard waves :7r "undertaking, we .understand this anH would San Bernardino, Cala., Oct. 13. The recommend it to others. And our eagle soars so proud and free, One dear friend said I was- deluded, I women of San, Bernardino "met in couv.en-tio- n Mothers, sisters, daughters "should all be held as and nominated a full county ticket, bore aufaithful testimony to him, and sang slaves, that beautiful, inspirational hymnr "0, my selecting candidates from the four tickets in Should they have to beg for liberty? , We must pay our taxes, and the "laws we must Father," and. told him- - the world knew not the field. It purport's to - be that we .'had a niother in heaven, they but the temperance element predominated . obey. know not what a Temple is for, but thanks and candidates were chosen with that qualiAnd it's time an era now began le to God that I can testify of these things fication in view. When in the elections .we can also have a say On November 3rd an election will be the of Spirits, it is the- hapWoman should .have eaual rights With man. piest theme of my soul the tears rolled held in all the precincts of the county, and . Chorus. down his cheeks, from henceforth you the women will turn out in force to elect Come my sisters, let us rise and educate our shall see me no more until convention consistedpf you shall say their men. .: minds, blessed is he that coineth in the uame-of- a sixtyfiveelegatesnd"waicohucte ' .Put aside our follies great and small; creditable manner. A dispute arose as to the Lord. WT6rk with heart and soul to help all I must not close without saying I wish the womankind, platform but was soon setGather round our standard one atid al'. our sisters to appreciate the Exponent tled. Many stirring speeches were made Do not pause nor falter, but be valiant in the I havewith me the No. 15th, July with'an and all the delegates were on. the qui vive . fight, V account of the. testimonies of the Sisters on of ecstatic delight. tan. Ji.AndJheflame.J).CJiberty-we'- lI the fiftieth" "anniversary of- the martyrdom Till jt spreads o'er all the land, then hail the time of the Prophet Joseph by which my friends df right, here will see that our Sisters are intelligent NOTES AND NEWS. When wornan shall hve equilrights with man. and'not in bondage also have senrmeby BraP4ant-the7leseretews containing Ser Jerome K. Jerome has retired from the mons President Woodruff' , O. of and F. "ZTOS. EAST'S VISIT. editorship of the Idler in favor of his asa was that me ta when Whitney, sistant Robert Barr.l .3Ir- - Jerome has - his; great help our people were- - accused - of taking from. hands" full with his weekly, Today. .. i Mrs. IL Ii. Wells: t andadding tothewords written - in this A new magazine, called the Bostonian, Dkak Sister: Yours of September was book, long before the Bible was compiled: forwarded to me, and gladly received, bring- .which they the accusers had to. acknowledge; is to be published iri Boston, beginning in ing with it a blessing from Sister Zina and also the funeral services' of our beloved October. Its editor, will be Arthur. WellBrother John Morgan whom we all loved ington Brayley , and the periodical will be -yourself, which .1 assure you was appreciated , as I. was not well, .and. far from and, xan testify- concerning" blessed "are devoted mainly to the past and present interests of Massachusetts, and of Boston in the Saints of God, in the midst of darkness the dead that lie in the Lord.'-- I and opposition; to whom could I go but am as ever your devoted Sister, particular. A novel feature of the publica- be the isSUtpgot t wn-pmf Gods, O how glad I was that I had learned Willmirtii East. "to know that He was a tangible being, and P. S. I desire to be prayed for in the in paper covers, at the price of fifteen cents. that He could hear and answer prayer, and Temple, my health' has been and no and another inI Vcloth binding, at twenty-five- , poor riter. when asked the question by two Evanglists one to administer tome or out my soul cents. The pour what denomination I belonged to, my re- to but God my JHeavenly Father, I diave Miss Dorothea who has Saints. ply was Latter-daan abiding faith that I shall return to my distinguished herself Klumpke, in Paris, and Who Evangelist. "What's the' difference be family and the Saints tozmez passed her examination before the Sorbonne tween Mormons andXatter-daSaintsB- than all the splendor of a fallen ."world. so triumphantly, presenting a thesis on the "We are called Mormons because of ibV nature of the rings of Saturn, and receivKopper, Bosque Co. Texas, Oct. 10,1894. record that a containing ing her doctor's degree, is a sister of Miss of an ancient people that dwelt History on,the Anna Klumpke, of Boston, an artist who AmericanContinent. " 'j DR. PARKHURST CRUSADE. .' has a studio on Beacon Street, and - who What do Evangelist.: v your people beis known as a portrait painier of very exceplieve of the Trinity" AN APPEAL FOR AID.. tional power. Her sister in Paris, who "We believe in the Bible which informs us 1 Oct. One made a doctor of science, presented in New York, thousand 3 that God created man in His own image members of leading social circles, her thesis before the Sorbonne: a very I new all and that Adam heard Him walking in the gathered yesterday afternoon to hear the and original theory regarding the rings of garden and God called Adam, which proves Rev. Dr..C. H. Parkhurst speak of "The Saturn that they are composed of solid beyond a, doubt that our Father and God condition of our city and woman's relation masses, rather. than of gaseous or fluid sub- -' ' bas a body; and His Son Jesus has a separ:SL' to it." . '""'V, stance, as has . heretofore been believed. ate body and the Holy Spirit or Holy Ghost Dr. Parkhurst, after portraying the exist- There is still another of these talented sis- is an acting-Age: bearing record of the ing municipal evils, Slid: ters Dr. Djeriue Klumpke, who is a doc v Father and son constitutin'one spiritual- is "It your sphere, your duty, to aid in tor of medicine, and is diving abroad. Ex. , 1 " ; ; . - f ixy' : n -- And-were m . - candidates. the--lan- -- '. - . . hon-partis- an -- .. ..... . ? pre-existen- -- - ce " - " n non-partisa- - ' " : - .. T - . . -- tlOn-Wl- ll d 1 - 1 . y that-aretlear- er y -- was-foun- 1 1 has-bee- wo-,me- ' ; f nt ; ,: . ist-fki-H : -- - H-it'l he healft the ' sun her banner " v:i- 7 tSfisfiSi until I rl Tr "nJujir- f-.visit Salt Lake City, do come and see its we not afraid of "iirW. Tj'Tui'J:'' XW. rr- rTr T: ty !,i?k' r- -- n n, i .' . i ;- I 