Mkn like women to reflect theni. t10 doubt; but the woman, who can only re fleet a man, and. is nothing in herself, will never be of much service to him. The woman who cannbt standalone is not likely to make either1 a good wife' or mother. V George Macdonald. " " lives and increase in faith 1uid" the gifts of President Ella W. Hyde; present were the o i xy:.'.' r r i. Cannon an Camilla Cobb of the Territorial and stake organization, parents of the children and others. Meeting opened by singing ."Gather them into the fold. rrayerby Master Jbara vox, singing "Trust the children' A very interesting program was carried out as follows. Bessie Cnsmon and Ray Workman gave a recitation entitled "Two little welcomes." Fera Fox gave a lecture on "Prayer." Sentiments, called Resolu tions were reoeated in concert by the children, conducted by Joan Campbell. Freddie Wilcox gave a recitation entitled, "Catching the colt." A motion song was given by Frankie and Georgie Young. The articles of -- Faith - were repeated by Hattie Folsom and AliceXannon Frankie Young. Little Roy Taylor gave a recitation entitled "Three little cats." An interesting sketch of the life of Fliza R. Snow was read by Lyle Young, followed with .a song: by Ruby 'Workman. Questions and answers on the "Worcfof Wisdom" was next given, questions asked by R. M. Fox. answered by eight girls. Vida and Lester Fox gave an original dialogue composed by R. M. Fox. A duet was nicely .rendered by Daisy Fox and Minnie Goss the children joining in the chorus. Ivy Crismon gave a rectation and Master Bertie Clive a Violin Solo. After which interesting and. encouraging remarks were made by Counselors, Camilla Cobb, Clara C. Cannon and Bishop George H. Taylor. Singing 'Dare to do right. ' ' . . , 4 Benediction by Master Joseph Goss. On the following Friday afternoon Dec. 8th, a picnic was given to the children of the Primary, in the basement of the 14th, Ward Hall, when between sixty and After the seventy children were present. served were opening exercises, refreshments and games engaged in by the little folks until a late hour when they were dismissed, and returned to their homes with happy beaming faces, the officers feeling well re" paid for their labors. E. W. H. . the Gosjel. Sarah "S. Forsyth, of Loa, , Counselor said it Was a Measure to meet with the Relief Society, was gratified to see so many brethren present, gave much good counsel to., parents, spoke, also upon sustaining the Woman's Exponent. by sub-- , scribing 'for it, spoke upon other subjects pertaining to our holy religion practical and ..... good. Counselor G. Bastian of the stake Presi dency, spoke in loving terms of the sisters of the Relief Society, their good works their cliarity in an appreciative way gener w ' ally. Our esteemed Relief Society Conference of Wayne Stake, convened Aug. 28th, at 2 p. m. President Jane S. Coleman presiding, the choir sang "We thank thee 0, God for a prophet," prayer offered by Elder Joseph Eccersley. Singing "O God we raise to "thee." This being our first Conference there were no minutes to read. The President said she was pleased to meet with the sisters of the Relief Society and also the Brethren, spoke upon the duties of the sisters, hoped we would be able to accomplish much good, appreciated our Stake organization, as a great blessing, also spoke on faith and good works. Verbal Reports were given r President Louisa Taylor, Fremont, Margaret Taylor, Loa; Helen Maxfield, East Loa, Coun. Mary Bullard, Thurber, Prest. Mary Ann Lords, Blue Valley, all reported their branches, in good condition and the spirit of union prevail,.; ing., Counselor Mary E. Hanks, reported for Cainsville and Aldridge, spoke favorable, made remarks upon the great blessings we enjoy, spoke of the good instructions given, hoped we would practice them in our ( ' Items) I am represented as saying, that the Relief Society Hail, ..cost $1 50.00 instead of $1,500,00 (one thousand,' five hundred dollars) which makes a slight difference in the cost, I fear there would not have been a 1!1J! uuiiuinir perfiso. P mucu1. 01 . Willis President Yours truly, E. Robinson, made encouraging remarks on the labors of the sisters had been edified -withtheinstructions given, prayed the blessing of God to rest upon the Relief Society in all its branches. Singing "0 say., what is Truth." Bene diction by Elder U. V. Stewart. Con ference adjourned for three months. Florence M. Williams, Stake Secy. Miss Margatet Irwin, one of the As sistant Labor Commissioners of England, reports that in the tailors"' workshop of the Society of Glasgow, the women were lately taking work at less wages than men, in Work usually done by men. The men struck because their demand that the women should be dismissed was The Tailors' Union maoe not granted. peace by arranging that the women should be paid the same wages as men. This Js a good way of settling troubles. Sarah . M. Pomkroy. HEALTH FOR WOMEN. The Viavi Home Treatment is a .certain cure for all female diseases and uterine troubles. It has cured thousands of women who have despaired of ever getting relief: The treatment is applied by the : ir' puueut ucibciir- - causes no inconvenience and is absolutely safe and reliable Correspondence solicited. For full particulars address Dr. E. B. Ferguson 121 B. Street Salt Lake City. -- a. Co-operati- In an article entitled (Mesa Erkata: ; 1 , . . ve Immediately after '"suffrage was given to the women of Colorado, the sixty-eigh- t leagues of the Equal Suffrage Association resolved themselves into leagues for polit ical study. The book selected is John Piske's Civil Government. " J. IN MEMORiAM.-- ' Editor Exponent'. WAYNE STAKE. .. It is with rjegret we have to announce the death of one ot our number. So sudden and unexpectedly Sister Sarah P. Crosby died at her home in Panguitch Garfield Co. Utah on Nov. 13th 1893 of pneumonia after a severe ill ness of three days. Deceased was born in Iowa Sep. 20th. 1848: was the daughter of Lorenzo and Beulah Clark and wife of Jesse W. Crosby Jr. was the mother of ten children, two of whom passed away in infancy. Her husband, five children with many relatives and friends surrounded her death bed powerless to render any relief. Three absent sons arrived soon after. Sister Sarah has been an active worker in the Relief Society, holding the office of Counselor to our Stake President, Sister Barbara Myers, since its organization on June 5th, 1878, has also acted as Stake Secretary until our last Conference, Aug. 31st, when she was released from that position by her own request, feeling it too much responsibility. Although very feeble in health the past year her uuuuiy increased iq ner ciicigicssccmcu labors. In nil our associations she will hf public missed whether public or private; she was a regular attendant at all meetings, and we know all is well with her. Rest in peace dear sister, Your work is nobly done, Life's battle has been fought Eternal neacp w11 Although we miss you sadly, ' Since VOlir nartina (rtro no We are reconciled in knowing Our loss is Heaven's gain. Barbara Myers, Prest. H. A. Crosby, Cor. Sec. A Card Ladies TO THE Dear Lady: If you are troubled with and irregular periods take Dr. de Joza's T painful World-renowne- d We give writter guarantee to permanently cure in two treatment or refund money. Price for one trial treatment 2.00. Write or call on Lady Manager. Prescription. SALT LAKE MEDICINE CO., 56 West Second South St., Salt Lake City, Utah. Patients unsuccessfully treated or imposed upon by others especially invited to call. . DUNFORD'S Have the Cheapest and Best Lines of SH O ES W 3 LIPPE RS In the City. New Store. 57 S. Main St, R.K. THOMAS 26,28,30aDi32WlslSoiilliSt, SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail Cash Housr R.K.THOMA.! r Woman's Itfn CQ-owrative Keeps on Hand , DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS . AND STATIONERY, EQUIPOISE WAISTS, ETC. 