' "... - vie u At - 5T-C- Vol. :::S-- ' 2.V-X-- v SALT LAKK CITY, UTAH. -- t - After Many Years LAM. H. Call For The-- ; Second Triennial Sessipn.of theN it j'on'il Council r OCTOBER is. 18m. AFTER MANY YEARS.' .. I iiAvn.fpund some thirigs here much the same as twenty three years' ago and many others seem to open a " new world of progress of changed improvement of land and labor, the prime factors in wealth, production". It seems strange-te rapidly whirle ing over, around and through places I have Kate Sanders rIn "AfenoriamE C'DfeF.7""" traveled vvalkingoiifppt or conveyed by common wheel now; on electric cars or ' toiial Notes, nf ifpnrn wititrt; rntir rrftt.rJ " fanrvrna O J O so a after of years-liklong lapse Poktk BackI I yarfnth. Auumnal is world nother goi iTjffta unique indeed. Dreams. Equal Rints S. C.M. Thit'the stixTfiim great as it may 'prove to be, must come far pf uiiat we are led COME HACK. to expect in the world- itrimortal, where there is no sorrow or sighing and where Bring back those liappyTdays, t tears are wiped fromall faces, and no graves Vrhen peace reigned in my heart, "dot the surface as here on hillside and vale, And birds trilled forth their lays, to constantly remind us of our mortality In joyous merry part;. and assure us that here, "we have no con.When love was here,- tinual city or abiding place;" but there is And naught was near, pleasure akin to pain coming, back "after Thy presence here, long years to revisit" once "familiar lands and " 1 To interfere. places, and although we. mark the changes and meet but v few of Those that, once My hiart is lonely now, gladdened our heatts in thepast and often Since thou art far away, find that they too have changed, we love to No longer hopes allo w, linger oyer memories associated with them My sorrow to allay; and "every scene of the long ago is renewed, Come back, my o.vn, of sunshine or shadow, of joy Or sorrow, Nor leave me lone, and so we have a series of panoramic views ' Joy once mine own, of the people, and times we once lived jrn Forever's flown. harerbeen to the oldThomestead Jn The waiting years have fled. North New Salem we walked, over the spot " in "silence and inpain, where the house once stood lingered long My blighted hopes are dead," upon the broad stone door step on the south No more to wake again; side "from which I last beheld and bade Ah; leave me net, our Sainted mother, we Tr mourn mir tf marked and gazed long upon' the grand Come back, lose not spreading trees in front of where the house "The g we sought. once stood that our mother's hands planted Avhen little saplings; we looked lovingly in-- , Hyacinth. 1894. 8th, "August to tlie clearwaters of the never-failin- g well which has supplied five families all through the long drought while nearly all the wells and springs around had failed. The well-- AUTUMNAL DREAMS. the same as fifty ri e -t he niapTentu rlist o crimson' and the pure waters from which years ago And the sassafras to gold; We drank were just as sweet and refreshing; When the garland's in the meadow .the little brook in which we gazed to be ' And the aster's on the wold; .. reflected as in a mirror, went bounding and When the moon is lapped in vapor leaping over its pebbly bottom as of yore, And the night is frosty cold; singing the same musical song o'er and o'er. The School House and the Churcn in their When the chestnut burrs are opened "" coats of white and green, the village store, And the acorns drop like hail blacksmith shop and every house with very ' And the drowsy air is startled few7 exceptions looked the same and in as With the thumping of the flail, With the drumming of the partridge, good condition with scarcely a mark- or change of decay. The roadways were the Ajid the whistle of the quail, same; some few more trees along by them, I woods wander Throughlie rustling but the orchards, homes and farms looked Through the jewels of the year, as when I last beheld them. - There were From the yellow uplands calling, more graves in the pine grove cemetery Seeking her that still is dear; where we spent an hour or more the first She is near me in the Autumn, . day of our visit, read names of many we She, the beautiful, is near. had known in the long ago inscribed upon : 7 Bayard Taylor. the marble. 1 spent the sabbath attending Church service and Sunday "School. Besiah Fay now a noted man in this part . "M. E. Francis" is in: private life Mrs. of the state' taught the Bible Class, I was Bluudell, and resides at Crosby Hall, near greeted and invited to visit r Lancashire. Blundellsa'nds, p and prolong my stay among them; was Wortien.. Utah V. S- - iCom'enti6h--Ne!l- ie Little. .U. W. P. C Elia WXHvde. Mrs. East's .Visit. Dr. Tarkhurst rusade Women y'Narae Candidates, ft.otes And News. !nR. S. Reports-- A oC " " Tribute-Oilllov- Emily-GrClullObitu- ar ' . Y:-C- W Uiisit ome A Xf e - , . " . -- 1 N- . . - " " V -- " . . , very-cordial- ly -- .. ; - Kn . shown closet where names the inside of a door , leading into a from the vestibule in the Church; in large painted letters I read the of our step father with the date Dec. 1836 after this names .of sisters and several nieces who have visited the bM Church where our mother and her family worshiped added my' name in! long years Vgone by-- I pencil to the list wondering who of onr kin Would 7 i nscribetheirst next." Mrs.' Amos Ellis took me to Moss Villager The Pond " and Vose places look The same, most of the houses are replaced with large sized glass lor the small 8x4 lighted windows of yore. The Iowell Voe place is now marked by , heaps of stofies with shrubs and trees grow-- " ing out of and among them; but strange to. tell:1 the grand Barberry tree that stood near" a 'back window of the house over fifty years ago,, remains bearing fruit annually. All the places seem to stand still, undisturbed by steam lor electric'' cars. The sleepiest, quietest,' unprogressive part of this busy Vor which seem ingly nothing less than a tornado, would startle into activity, and that came verv near Sept. 10th, giving parts of New Salem a sudden shaking, leaving North Village undisturbed in its Rip Van Winkle Sleep. You will read accounts in the papers oT this somewhat rare experience here in the tornado line. c fewr A inhabitants of North Salem are on iliesuperannuated list but the majority are old people whose children ,T children ' s children to the third and even fourth gen eration are scattered abroad or removed jftqvever. i he merry ringing: voices of child ren are no longer heard in the streets, very few attend day or Suuday School and these come in from, homes outside the village projer. I saw only three lads the four,lays of my stay and these were visiting grand parents. At the village store the Post Office is kept as of yore. A hack Conveys United States Mail with passengers &.C., to and from, daily starting from Orange at an , early hour arm. What we admired most in the way of flower was the dear old fashioned flowers-an- d shrubs which are ever tenderly associated With days of childhood and youth, we were generously supplied of these and other floral beauties to take wjth jus. The--- ' dear old neverfailing wll, the clear running brook; just; below, The broad spread-- , ing apple, tree, our dear mother's hands planted, the long wide stone now marking the spot where her house once stood from wHich she and her younger children went out to return no more with all the surroundings of groves, fiefds and hills, were reviewed with an indescribable, mournful ; satisfaction of feeling, mingled with grateful thanks to the kind Providence that had permitted this visit to These old places and I scenes fwith dear sisters) after long years in the West. L."M:H. -- " able,: " - - -- ; , ' . Thomas Bailey " Aldrich has been writing poetry since 1856, when he pro : duced a small volume 01 ballads ,He-wa- s IhehTaTcIerk in a New York counting-ioom- . Pi 