a .singer ihese luim'dninpitulls, Mfv liutojj, took lvialiaid in his arms, as though " uf Shtrlevr would . steal away and spend his pcVpie,- sue vklm uung tea w uu miforV,;snciia (Vail ehihl. aud' said,: 'we'll . r . evenings' there, shirin and playing oti th ".'jiiterv;i!. she g;ive.t'h'em jwties but up VtajrsJis. liarlou, I must" answer flute Lottie's violin while's the stately,' 'rare.lv 'appeared, upon the vcnoj hersclL go -- MrrrBartuu felt; this keenly; for .he loved the this" letter umight," and without more ado Miria m aewmpjm u?d jh joathe-.piana,- "'. friends they left the supje.r room, 5TTe iTonlv a bov and will. outyrow this people, lie knew they were his true : Mr,. Barton wrote to the shipping n;exN . childish- love lor, girls sa.inueh older than. houet and, loyal. Gradually :the lives of the.huMdimT:.:. turas led ' board t ereu()u tlie tmr" wife grew apaU, j reL she 'was1 unbearably ar.castc, and he: ..abdutlli'attime.viVjl fotlfe Professor to spare find out whither"' his boy had sharp sayings in; dumb silence, love no means tT 'hMTeli urging him to take so trie positive "to" him had received a fatal w'oiiud: gone; hearing nothing- - satisfactory- - he set measures :o stop ttiese visits. ; Mrs. Barton-- made. up her. .mind that - Filially a heavier blow; fell upm. the off' himself for Bristol making diligent . between h'us-- ' search but all in vain. Shirley' should goat once aud set about the ;'houi4u)lut!miC4jieV.dLvisiqii of. Christmas came but xut wife."" Just when the father had respect, to Mr." preparations; Mr. Barton Was quite willing hand, and B.trtoii the villagers' refrained from any' for he felt the bov was far advanced in his .been planning in his mind, what changes and. indeel, the studies, a fine scholar all his; teachers said, niight take .place' at Shirley's vacation, a public demonstratiousr but knew he must undergo some discipline letter ft om the Professor dime bringing the young man's fate was truly lamented; and wheiii:er-4iis"namewas " beforehand, and it was finally decided he sad news that STiirkw had disappeared, ."he many. a tear fell.. Mrs. Barton began tades- Kven should go. to Bristol,, his mother's native has taken nothing vitli him tndvrliav.e spoken old haunts searched; pond as time w'ore on, and no news .came of City,and remain there. a year under the had every b'ueof- of hiscan' we are' her darling boy; she had-bebe found, lioieful at him Tutelage of a learned . Professor, whom his but no trace she after as watched and day ourselves deeply afilicted, for he has greatly first, but day mother had known. and waited she was grew pale, sleepless, and The boy went away at last: willingly; endeared himself ;to: us and so Dr. that but our to us all, Wentworlh and affectionate finally imelancholy though he had protested against going, and Mr. for advrsed sea conthe and Barton shore, had made more ado about leaving Miriam hearts are much more, deeply grieved thau his own father and mother (of which yourself and his poor mother; " so the letter sented to lier going. "I ..shall be nearer if he comes back, and "more .likely to Jiear his mother was in blissful ignorance) but read. , his father guaased from hints dropped by The clerk in the office looked up as he something and you shall know im- "; the elder Gentry, who was one of his heard the sobs of this great strong-minde- d mediately;" she said to her husband the trusted men.'- The first few weeks Shirley man, his master, when he ;read the .letter, morning erf her depaffure; Aunt Grace had ' "Studied diligently and Professor Bradley but Mr. Barton took no notice, 'shut the come to travel with her, as .Mr.- Barton g accounts of his young pupil office at the usual hour, say I have, gone could not leave his business just then. to the parents' at M "I knew how 'twould be, I always said but later on he inhome, I shall 4iot come back today," he said formed them the boy was passionately fond as he rose abruptly the open letter in his her pride would have a fall," said old Mrs. of the sea, that his lessons were perfectly hand. ".You havevbad news, Mr. Barton, Gentry when she, heard Mrs. Barton had learned, he had such a wonderful memory, I am sorry r believe me. can I do anything gone, "he'll never come back to her, he's but his thoughts seemed far away, he was for. you? Can I help youfNshall Pcall a" cab? dead most like, and that boy Richard will and waking or dreaming it you "look so, broken up," Haid the kind- - never live .to bea man, she's punished severe ' was always the sea. hearted clerk. enough for looking down on them as made theair will do mcgood, their money for em." "It is bora in,, him and he can't help it; "No, d - undoubtedly Laura you've filled his head besides I can think better." Yes he had "Now Bessie' that's very wrong," said with nursery tales ot tlie need fo think,' how could he tell the lad's husband, "she's not'punished for that, old Admiral, and you've hung those marine couldTetter folks nor her are chastened, what does he swoon would she mother, perhaps; views in every' room in the house, to imnot bear to go home, he" .walked away into the Bible say Bessie, read about. Job, how the fields, he remembered he sayings of he was afflicted, mind don't go agin scrip-tupress him with the greatness of your ancesThere's not a better man Jiviii than try; however I'll write to Bradley to hurShirley's boyhood, "Papa L shall go to sea, ry him off to the university, and he'll have and be a great Captain, and have ships of Charlie Barton, I've known him. since he something else to do than dream by the seamy own, and. build pretty, cottages for the were a wee lad, and as for Shirley you can't his shore, companions will cure him of idle sailors," and he Would sing of the ocean, say there was any evil in him."' said his father after reading the great bounding, tossing, foaming "No dad I dont say anything about ' ' the Professor's letter. ocean. BristoL woman, -Shirley, but its. the stuck-u' "I'm sure Charles you blame me for all The twilightcame on while he strolled but she'llfsufferfor't 'pride must have a fall' the boy's faults ..its a erreat pitv vou hadn't about the fields, andwdien he turned homethat's scripture ain't it dad?". r ""married the Gentry girl, she's no doubt ward the , lights were streaming from the "Not exactly Bessie, but don't rejoice in keeping' herself .: single fcr you; it isn't ' cottage windows. "I must gos in and tell" anybody's trouble, its wrong, its cruel, beenough to have won your affe'etious, Laura, our boy has runaway" he said to. sides you ..know how Miriam lias always felt tried her cocpaetry on my boy to my himself, and he hastened as ne does, bent about Shirley, she's sure he'll come back ' ,.' on a hateful sorrow." errand, lest he should not have sometime."6 "This is too serious an accusation to the courage if he loitered. Supper was "Well yes maybe and Lottie will be be passed over silently, ' ' replied the husready and Laura and little Richard were band, "never mention Minajn entr s waiti s tromiiig HeToiew' lie could not him, and I don't see why I should be sorry Bar eat, but Laura must have her tea, and he for 'em, they've brung me noeiid o'trouble, off. walked to his office, the first time since took a. cup, but his hand snook, and his wudL - wim uiuain uein in love his marriage, angry and in sullen silence. as she'll never git oyer it, and Lotwife said, noticing his manner, "Are you , It was true he had admiredMiriam as a ill Charles?''' "No, only upset, I shall tie with Shirley, I'm the one as is to besort of village sweetheart and let her know soon be better.." Has there been a distur- .. j it too before he met Laura Otvay, but it bance at the mills, those men grow restless pitied.". Lottie's love weren't very deep I should had not the ardor of ti;ue love; he had often towards payday, I've noticed?" "Nothing think when she'.s sweet on Jim Graham felt sorry that Miriam didn't marry, but he has n wrong at the mills, I've had a letof her' marryin a'readyand did not know (as men seldom ever do) that ter gone from Bristol, about Shirley." "Has soon yoursel." she. could neer give herself to any other he "I'm glad if she do marry him and done wrong, tell me the worst," said man: such is woman's love when once Mrs.gone Barton excitedly. "I can't tell you," I with't I don't waiit another old maid in the given to her true mate, and yet Miriam had don't know myself ' and he handed her the. family." ... never told of her constancy, it could only letter; but she did not faint or even "Better have old maids than had husweep be guessed by the magician's art, who unas 'she read on "this is .the old story over bands for our girls; "but I've no objections locks love's secret cabinet 'and whispers she said, "he's gone to sea undoubtto Jim Graham, he's a fine lad and a good-- ' again" softly to the winds at night-timedly, he knew we would, not consent, and ish family, and we know'e.m for what they Mrsj Barton fretted the day;' so he's gone without it. We "shall hear are, they'll have my consent when they're , she. loved her husband, notwithstanding her- - from him -; . soon, when he is far away , so we temper, ana was proudly ambitious for her cannot bring him back,' he will take no It was hard for Mrs. Gentry - to forgive, ' son: she wanted hini'tObe a man nf lfjharm, he was born to the music of the. Xmas she was an honest, upright woman but she " ; ing,high in the world's favor; she cared lit- - bells; rather a sea rfond! of ' bettermost - people, - un- Captain than c .. i i . : . i. luv-m- . . . i t i , 1 .; - - seci ot the! vitl "true atfectioir, ot and could :pUy vtbie vio!mt :tttd mt-duo- " . r?Tr' " ' - . -- . . - Rer - . -- , ' ' - , , . -- ' . - -- " en - . . " most-respectfu- l ' 1 -- . 4 - " wrote-glowin- . . . . ; absent-minde- d, j ; "will-walk- , j ! your-graudfath- jher er, - , j r. ' -- day-dreams- ," - p . ' -- but'-she'- s " r . : ng-hi- " mineagain,-I-forbidit7T"and- MT" - j ; witn-Charlie- , - . . 1 1 - you-talki- -- " . -- ; : -- e. live-lon- g . v j-eady- T- - -- I the-ove- wjiot 1 X N.v. i 