Vol. 23. SALT LAKE CITY,-- UTAH, SEPTEMBER CONTENTS: Semi-Monthl- New Cycle- Ladies' - iStJoseph'S :; In Loving Remembrance Wild Roses Sarah Stock. E T. Griffith. Time M- Relief " Lydia D jPoetry; Alder. , . Communicated. , r t!L Editorial: The Need of the Hour. Society Excursion. Editorial Notes. joriam Pss-Jfrpi- nt Harvest IN LOVING REMEMBRANCE.' v. AJleclionately; dedicated to her loved cues) Death gently kissed her eyelids down, " And hid forever the cold world's frown, ' And in his silent, cold embrace I smoothed each deep furrow from her face. . ; "God giveth his beloved sleep" The rest that's calm and sweet and deep; And in the earth we place its trust To safely guard their sacred dust. 3 3 A solemn rapture sweetly fell On each dear feature loved so well, As angels clasped her by the hind, And drew her to the Silent Land. ' All honor to her noble life, ' Y As mother, sister, friend and wife; True to her covenants made with God, She bowed her head beneath the ''Rod." . Joy, joy the ransomed spirit's free, And with the just her God will see; 7 As earth fades from her mortalsight ZA?diniLwMdj The saints sleep well, their race is run; ' The battle's fought, the crown is won; When God calls up the sleeping dust, . . They'll rW in glory with the Just. Then stay the tear and look above, : For in the realms where all is love, Your wife and motRer waits for you, .And prays that Heaven will keep you true. .Farewell, farewell 'till Christ shall come, Then, with the ransomed, happy throng, May all your loved ones left below With you, an everlasting glory know. August 1894. ; Lydia D. Alder. , UTAH AND HER PEOPLE. by Amicus. " . Delivered before the Literary Club at Ann Arbor University. This year is national jubilee, the brother- hood of nations join to sing the praises of Columbus, the pioneer of the western world. In the , light of his achievement his memory has outlived the narrow prejudices and misunderstandings of his time; for at Chicago the World's Columbian Exposition will coordinate the multifarious -- - ill-wi- - to-nig- ll. ; ht. he -- - It . . - y. Old-andyoungT- men, -- at ; No. 5. ' .1894. can wei realize the-hardshi- of' the pioneer ps .j6juTney,ir The advance company,- after many (lays - - - Vilate Young. In Rural England. y lines . of human skill and genius,1 to score one grand triumphal symphony to his " ' v V name. Vv:: YY thisiinvitihgheme to onei -- whicM; yet one that offers, to the advocate a cause. It seems ' to be a day ' for eulogies and re We hear the motto now and conciliations then, "No North no South, no East no West." .Pray let us suit the action to .the word , and so erase the yet reniainmg: lines of sectional An occasion is afford4 ' . . ed here V; ; To the masses of-tpeople, fair U tali as she is today is covered '. with a mantle," not of charity, alas, but oftimes with the shroud of prejudice and" misconception. Thanks tp the growing channels of com is "munication, the leaven intelligence abroad in the land as never before; and the dawn of ,the coming century points' to higher and better things. ' Until we shall have r reached . perfection s shore, let the' " is making leavening process continue. men of liberal minds and generous hearts I cannot believe that I have been mistaken in the spirit of freedom and Christian toleration that pervades the intellectual atmosphere of the University of' Michigan . I ask you therefore, to listen to my story : Nearly 'fifty years ago under the leadership Brigham Young the Utah pioneers of 47 made a colonizing pilgrimage unparalleled in the history of the world; a sweeping statement, but, a true one!' The time forbids a full narration of the early riseand progress of this peculiar people. --- Call them, religious enthusiasts, fanatics, what you will; as pioneers of civilization in the great Far West a commonwealth stands today a monument to their thrift and industry. I forbear detailing the: vicissitudes of the early days. Their trials and tribulations picture scenes that- made the- - strongest weep, that melted hearts of stone to'syni-pathTwenty thousand sorrowing ones forsake Nauvoo the Beautiful, to find a place of refuge in the desert. Forsake, I said. Ah no, not that, for it struck the tenderest chords to leave their lovely homes women and children go forth as refugees, finding" solace in the lamentation, "Even unto this present hour we both hunger, and thirst, and are naked, and are buffeted,and haveno certain' dwelling- place; being reviled, we bless;, .being persecuted, we suffer it; being defamed, we entreat; we are made as the filth of the world, and the offscouring of all things unto this day." Applying to themselves the benediction of the persecuted, they gloried ' in their tribulations. . To find an asylvm of peace the outcasts turn their faces-- westward. The Missouri River then the west wild west to the peo-pi- e of the thickly populated east, was civilization of the veriest kind1 to the Mormon Two pioneers. Think of it! miles across the plains :with teams!-Wha contrast today, as the tourists sits serenely in a pulmau Palace car, moving along at almost lightening speed. When with all our nio2ern" conveniences, we are fatigued after a transcontinental trip, faintly ; .:. Utah and her people By Amicus. Our Visit to Beaver Co. L.Jones. A New Book Rachel . Foster Avery. Woman's Suffrage ColumnA. A. A.SuestvBo6k7-Th- e 1, .travel, reach Bridger's camp. CoLBiidger, familiarvvitti" the' Rocky Mountain country, gives some i needed information' asto- - the caming?places, but t; rojitesjlsjancesand es a discpuragingTeK)rt;ofIthValt-.- -' ' Lake Basin; assuring them that the counhabitation- of try was 1wholly..uiifiLibr-i.thcivilized men.. Why, the raising of grain was out of-- the question So sanguine "was : .he in the statement, that, by-- way of empha-sihe offered one thousand dollars for the r first ear of corn or bushel of wheat that -could be raised there. pespite - the report, the pioneers continued their1-; journey, and on July, 24th 1 847 , the ') - r reached the hundred and forty-thre- e ' ' summit of the great plateau. There upon the heights they stood in re- vereutial wonder. Let us gaze with theni, as they then gazed upon a scene, matchles- sr in its grandeur, , awful in its solitude! ( ) Outstretched before them is America's Dead" Fait sa, tglistening in the ' sunlight;" the shimmering waves reflecting lustrous diamonds and silverysheen. The everlasting Wasatch hills are linked- and ; d in grand majestic mountain -- . . . ; he-giv- - e Y: ; ! . s, dis-couragi- ng -- -; ; . " , -- - inter-linke- heads chains, whose towering, d ascend the dizzy heights to kiss cerulean 1 skies. From gorges seamed and craggy, ' flow limpid, laughing streams, cold and , crystal clear 'Leaping, dashing, foaming, splashing, from rock to glen, from peak to " .plain,' But the canyon streams were far and few, and the arid waste they watered, and soda, and" glistened with beds of "salt " " : pools of deadly alkali. The historian tells us it was no garden of cr the TIesperides upon which the pioneers; gazed that - memorable July" morning. scenic from its "Aside splendor," which; was indeed magnificent, there was little to invite, and much to repel in the prospect, pre-- 7 sented to their view. No waving fields, no y swaying forests, no verdant meadows to rest and refresh the weary eyes, but on all waste of sage : jiides --a seemingly-endle- ss bush bespangled ..with sunflowers,' the tlie paradise of the lizard, the cricket-an' '' Desert! Great American rattlesnake. 'The Such was its fitting name upon the maps. jThe jmlyjiuiuan dwellers are roving bands of Indians; but for these, silence and deso-- . lation reign.- - A silence unbroken save by the cricket's ceaseless chirp, the roar of the mountain torrent, or the whir and twitter of the passing bird A desolation of .'centuries where earth seems heaven forsaken , where hermit nature watching, waiting, weeps, and worships Cod amid eternal solitudes." It was in the very heart of. this inhospitable reigion a thousand miles from anywhere the people were to'" make their snow-cappe- 4 ':. ; ' ' . . ; " homes.,,.',, . : Before descending into the valley they - j- plant on Ensign Peak the- stars and stripes, and fling its silken folds to saline; breezes". The present site of Salt Lake City is chosen and laid off with r)f escient. fbresigtit, it would seem, of the immense proportions., it would yet assume; a da .when its wide - J t ft'- . 