' J The ; NEN T, f the Rf hts Vol. 22. Women 'of Zion, and the Rights of, the Women of all Nation. SALT LAKE CITy, UTAH, MARCH I, I894. CONTENTS: PERSONAL IMPRESSIONS OF ART AT THIS COLUMBIAN EXPOSITION. . No 13. Palace of Art. ,The figure is airy, beautiful; and seems almost to take wing: The drapery, closely to the figure, its A accentuating exquisite contours. TttTTT? Orf ic t ' noble of inat winch suga.im. flight steps flanked by ; sculptured Mh 111 lions leads has you to the portal, overshadowed ArcklJ a nearness to Heaven in its perfection enjoyment jby graceful porticos, supported on It was said by Michael AVelo that the onninian I entered the true mission of art was to" raise the: soul main hall orcolumns. a As scene of bewilderrotunda, irom earth to Heaven." j Stirelv ttioo ing beauty, of graceful and noble art, in ; Editorial. Editorial Notes. Mrs. Zina.D. words were exemplified at the World's bronze and marble, met my gaze; and Columbian Exposition of 1893. Never was H. Young. starting tears obscured for a. moment 'the fairer picture presented to scene. I seemed unable to regain myself: wondering gaze Poetry. My Valentine Alofa. Midnight than that of the White I was in an enchanted world: The people, City in its complete- Reverie- - L. M. Hewlings. Affectionately Inness. who thronged the hall were as nothing. I scribed to my Dear Friend S. T. in N. Y. Nellie. I remember as a young girl, having a stood as if alone amid moving mass.' s I caught glimpses of very vivid dream; pictured in the Western Through MY VALENTINE. sky, above the blossoming, orchard of my wondrous tints and dreams of color from childhood's home, was what I conceived to almost breathing canvases. Ah, hurry away my valentine be the New Jerusalem. But almostthe first work that caught by .. The buildings Nor stop 'till you reach the love of mine seemed to be constructed of marble, of that eyes and there they lingered oft and lovWhose image floats before my eyes soft tone of white, called ivory; and each ingly, was the. bronze group of "Dickens ' And seems an angel from the skies. tower and cornice and pinnacle, were edged and Little Nell." It was a noble poem in Yes, go to her and my love proclaim wun goia, as though a setting sun, which bronze, easily read by those who are My love that will ever be the same, seemed to flood the air as with a golden familiar with the works of the wondrous Through the storms that rage and the suns that mist, had touched them with its. Midas writer, who created the characters of ' shine finger. The city sat upon the shores of. a "Nell" and "Florence Dombey,'.' "Little She will be forever the love of mine Standing at smmmenng blue sea, and the streets were Joe" and the host of others. Dickens knee, Nell looks lovingly up to Her hair once golden is silvered now, of "Pure gold, like.un mostly water-way- 's . T H 11 the master as though saying again, "God And furrows are traced o'er her noble brow; 1 recall 10 mina now on iu cicar giaiss. bless him, God bless us both." While on her cheeks that were once so round awakening in the morning I ran eagerly to t I I first admire the beauty and think the door and shading my eyes with my The roy tint is no longer found. Her form is perhaps a little bent, hands, gazed Out above the blossoms of perfect proportions of an object, then the oeach and annle power exemplified in the mental and K1hp trpp? tn thp hricrht Though. 'twas once admired where'er she went;' 1 1 1 i Her hands are a trifle hardened loo, sky, seeking in vain for a trace of the physical training required to bring it to so -. She says by labor, I fear 'tis true; .night's beauteous vison. Never could I perfect a state of excellence; yet I do not And by some who knew her it has been said forget the glory of those classic columns and pretend to know its excellence, only the She has lost the lightness of her tread; slender, graceful pinnacles, and often have: artist whose many trials have wrought its I wished for the art which could transfer to perfectness, can know that. I can only Yet naught of her worth has been lost to me, canvass a faint idea of its most wondrous judge of thatiexcellence by the faithfulness. She is still my love and will ever be. loveliness. One day last Summer from the of its resemblance aud the story written in Her eyes retain the same 1 its lines and contours. ; upper deck of the steamer "Whaleback" As when first I knew them so grandly bright; How can one look upon the marvelous that beauteous vision burst again upon my Her voice, her touch have the same sweet powers There were the white beauty, of the famous "Dore" - vase, with enraptured gaze. To soothe and calm life's troubled hours; " The smile walls of my' templed city; there the shim- out a feeling of awe, for the physical and she wears, be it e'er so faint, mering sea turned all to blue and gold by mental power employed to bring such per Is such as no earthly hand can paint; the lingering rays of the ' 'God of Day, ' ' fection of form and beauty into shape. And her loving heart is as warm and true to delight your sense of the who lovingly touched each tower and top, where-wit- h As the mind of mortal ever knew. that art had left ungilded: There the broad beautiful. The bewildering myriad of Be there streets and water-way- s aught of worth she can do for me, theglorious groups flowers and forms, all bearing to the one She will never question how hard it be; of statuarythe classic pillars arid flowery object, the decoration and embellishment of classic' shape, and the beautiful Nor will ever think her toil unpaid, tracery of gothic windows the feathery the original the whole. J Six months Nor count the sacrifices made, palms, the gushing fountains, the fragrance thought underlying If only my love in return I give of rarest blossoms, the city in its beauty, and were required to model it in clay, how many to design it I know not; but surely it is a . If only a worthy life I live. completeness; and the blue waters girdling She has gone to t he very gates of Death and intersecting it: my dream at last a "thing of beauty," and let ' us hope it will 'be a joy forever. " The 'Dore' vase is Through her love for me.and with gasping breath elorious reality ! And l a favored one, to Has returned to look upon me and smile, wander mid its beauties arid wonders. In- not, however, in the Art Palace but in the Arts As though pain had been pleasure all the while. voluntarily I loosened the lace about my French Department of the Liberal also found Susse Freresy throat, for my emotions gave me a feeling Building, where I Ah, why should not my love endure? of rapture almost to suffocation, flooding "Defence Of The Flag," an intensely ef ' Why confidence be insecure, Many fective group in bronze; soldiers urroundmy soul with joy unspeakable. Reposed in one so true and good, times I saw the White City from other ing the colors; lourteen ngures and one In the noblest sphere of womanhood? cannon, and fallen horse, grouped naturally To my mother dear is my valentine, vantage ground, but never again with those and artistically with fine effect of power, sensations: From all other points of view, For my mother dear is this love of mine. than not give me? and the heroic purpose, to die rather Alofa. rhu iim-- it was beautiful, it did : their flag. Samoa, Jarh 23rd, T894. the same exquisite picture, which"was a relinquish ", Thomas Ball's bronze statuette of "Paul memory realized. been ap"A board of five ladies has. am leading up to my subject slowly, Revere" is one of the gems in the rotunda l Cotton pointed by ihe directors of the as I traversed with lingering feet Hie of the Art Palace. The artist has caught even States International Exposition at Atlanta, already I saw the beautiful the very motion of the horse, and the horse way, ther preseems to have caught the inspiration of the Ga., and the Iidies have lgun "Martiny" statue of "Fame," crowning man upon his back; . who glow's and radiates the central dome of that magnificent and exhibit." Personal ImpressionsW Art at the Columbian Exposition Edahoo. Special Honors. U. W. P. C Gladys Woodmansee. Letter from Card' ' A Genuine Surprise ston Nellie Hinman, Communicated. Ladies m' -- I. D Alder. A Woman ' , iuiy.. wo- man's .bulirage ColumnUtah VV. S. A., S. L. V. S. A., and Beaver W. S. A. The Reconstruction of the Government Obituaries. -- 1 ol:'; Semi-monthl- v i 1 .... wind-blow- n - i - . door-way- " , 1 1 - , . 1 . . , love-ligh- t" . - ; : ; . - -- - . , v : . " " X.. 1 '"V to-wher- e ". ; 