184 YV O M A N S - K X 10 N K NT; 1 ST. JOSEPH STAKE . H. young and the To President 2ina D. ' Relief - sisters of theVCentral Board of the v Society.' - -- The Reports of the Relief Society of St- residence, in' Franklin, Oneida Co.: Mrs. Arabella Ann Chandler- Parkinson, Idaho, life at io o'clock p. m. AuiBt 9 this departed !S94. ; Aged 70 years 5 months and 13 days. ; - -- : - She asborn .JFVb.... 27,- -1 arermarik- hWv6655 to continue u M;:niac:iW:'.iiaj?eDeen- a :&r3pucL ; Qurconierences quarterly auu i ccci v c. various organizations which SpPWttf are holding meetings regularly with a few 1852 she was married-t- iilst May- : Tr-U- TK.li; Wtwwm Sail u folluw: will run u lake HU4 Parted" T -- ." - t) -- RoParkinot?. '.Saasuel ? wbp survives her." In 1854 she witlrHer husl.ancL rcame' to Utah, locating: at Kaysville, Davis Co., kceptiouj?2 We are laboring diligently to remaining In 1S60 she removecl six years. establish some branches of-- home industry to Franklin,there where she passed away. the - braiding of straw,' and raising of She endured many hardships and privations cotton, that we may send for a spinning incident to settling in a new place. She was the . mother of nine' children, eight of whorri, four sons Jenny that will pick and spin the cotton, as-- and : four daughters survive her. this is a fine- country for cotton and' also Of her family it maj( truthfully be said, they are silk, we really see the necessity and attach noble, faithful sons and daughters, and her last selksustain: the importance to becoming a days were her best days, in. seeing her posterity , hold walking in the ways of the Lord, aud striving to meet our monthly ing people, iwelso serve Him.. Among" them is C. Parkinings and urge it upon .the Society in all its . son, President of the OneidaGeorge of Zion. Stake braadieS6 r sustain Ihe'VvO m A ' s But the mother love strong, within her, recognized, nent and have it read in the meetings that t hat th ese children evrv one of th errrr were" thethat should shine in her crown foreverthey may know the counsels of the Central jewels more. She also leaves thirty one grandchildren, Board and also read the lectures upon. and one great grand child. She was, the last one ' Faith . in their ar$etings and Discourses of of her family of thirteen children, and the only the First Presidency pf the Church, which' one of her father's house to stand in. holy places, and be a savior on Mount Zion. She honored . will feed our immortal souls and develop all the institutions of God, living for many years the faith that is necessary to enable us to in the atnarchal order of marnaee. She cared establish righteousness in ourselves, and. .for the needy and sad of God's childrenhonor jmpart thesamejto alljUli wbom weareq ing the office of Presideut of the Relief' Sorietv T of Franklin. i 7 associated. ..." ; Her funeral was held in the Franklin Meeting With much love to the sisters desiring on Autrust 12. i8oi. under the House, an interest in your faith and'prayers "when supervision Sunday of Bishop Hatch. It was largely in conference assembled, as I am expecting attended, not only from Franklin, but many of to start to Texas in a few days, having been th settlements where she was widely known and -- Mmnwwing iO'll S24 MS Die -- fflMi ATlher , ;.-r- -; OisGifs "hi ; att en dance every afternoon ami eycniiig.lnnroiTiT-trSlit. Olivt-- r K. D. E. BUR LEY .Gin. Aot. P lI.iCl.irk, W. Mink, ller i J iU" W.jPan ,' I'foih'ric K. C'Midi-rt- AiiclerwHi, ' . - DR.'-ELLI- R. SHIPP, S -Ex "jio'SiiAv, 'FOR rAliWtTI.Al-SpOM'Ml'NI.f'A- criiKir IN TE Zo. 18 Main sin, sin. 1 OR i'KF-V-N Y LETTER Salt Lako St City. -- - f i - -- .26,28.30aiid32 East 1st SoulbSt., SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading . . respected: The services commenced bv the choir sifiging : invited by my brother's who proffered to pay. my traveling expenses; I acknowledge the hand of God in giving me this Mission - to enable me to get- the geneology of my kindred, as I have been ' at a loss how to proceed with my work in the Temple. Now may Heaven's choicest blessings be and abide with you dear sisters, is the fervent prayer of your devoted sister. - v "Mourn , not the "dead." Prayer by Thomas wast mild and Smart- -: Singing, , "Sister-tho- u" ' , lovely." 9 The first speaker was Counselor M. F. Cowley of the Stake Presidency, who spoke words of cornfort to the bereaved, bearing testimony of her many virtues, and noble life; also gave good in-- " structions to the saints, and closed by saying-- she had; been faithful to the end, and was among those ' WlIXMIRTH KAST. V come whom the Apostle John saw, "They had up through great tribulations, having washed their robes white in the blood of the - . 77": as indefatigable a" Lamb. Halch j :Xady JSomrseT--ifollowed, echoing the sentiments worker as Miss Wjllard. During, the last of Bishop the first speaker, and added his blessing to the year she held a 15 meetings, 27 conferences-- , husband arid bereaved children. Elder William " traveled over 8,000 miles, spoke in twenty Smart followed, bearing . testimony of her so passing away, saying that this was in ful counties to about 200,000 people, besides gently hliment of the prophecy tliat the saints should being one of the editors oi Thc Woman's not taste of death. Elder Charles Hobbs said he was numbered with her in the little branch in Signal. . 7 Cheltenham. Told of the joy they had experiMrs. S. S. Wetiiekbee, of Kansas, enced in bearing of Jesus and the writes to the Union Signal: "There are. truth of the Gospel. testimony now' quartette "of male vorcesrendet ed "Shall prisonersJiij)ur:Staterpri " we meet beyond the river." of that number only fourteen are women. Elder Isaac Nash,, read an original poem, comAnd yet women are such a dangerous class posed himself for the , occasion, also- - made by - Counselor S.. H cannot be comlortine-remarks.some trusted with 7 theballot they -of -Hale, the Slake Presidencyrals"6ip"oke" words .'" - TlIE old joke aboti t th e i an 01 esieem ana anection. to drive a nail has passed into silent The impressive services were closed by the and symjxithetic- dust. The other day a choir. singing "O, my Father.and the benedic' farmer's wife, three miles" west of town, tion by Dr. Parkinson of Logan. hundreds of .Many her friends passed by the successfully shingled the entire, one" bide of beautifuLwhite casket, laden with choice-floweher dwelling-hous- e while her husband was and took their last farewell of the peaceful sleeper. in. town looking up a carpenter. Oklahoma therein. . 7 ' ' : About vehicles Tribune. followed to the ceme-seventy Jhe slope of a hill. Counselor S. H. Miss Willard and Miss Gordon reHale, dedicated the spot for her rest, until the turned to "The Eagle's NestM chalet, in trump of God shall sound, and YHe dead in the shall rise to life, immortality and ..eternal the Catskill Mountains, July 27, where Xord lves- - OUSf - R.E;THOMAS - -- . -- , . : nr.hility-of-H-wom- ; !''!; - . they will have two stenographers, and continue their C. T. U. Miss Willard is to complete her "Handbook .of History and Methods," her booklet on MHow 'I Learned the Bicycle, with reflections by the Way," and, besides preparing' her annual address, she will send out leaflets and articles for the press, and will write an editorial each week for the Union Signal, the organ of thavhite Ribbon rovetiient! , - : - The winter term of this school will commence Oct. 9th, 1894, and will continue for twenty weeks. The instruction will :embra( a thorough nursing in which the student will be prepared for practical work Tuition ten dollars the necessary book six dollars. Address Mrs. Lizzie H. Shipp, 34 S. 7th, East Street, for any information desired. :1 DU XF ) IiD'S Will sdl you any Shoe In their Mammoth Store at actual FACTORY COST PRICK. IDOIV'T MISS TIIIS SALE. ; rs, , .' SALT LAKE SCHOOL OF OBSTETRICS. ". s Retail 57 SOUTH MAIN ST. T Communicated. . 1 Keeps on Hand GOODS A ND" T R I MM I N GS, " Dr. Maggie C. Shipp Willcommencehernextlass' '. in Obstetrics and Nursin' f:o'n A dor ESS , Wednesday, 34 X AST Fi FT H SO UTH ,7 Oct. IO; Teuphone' 383- - DRESS FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- POISE WAISTS, ETC. " Drewi jlaklnr 3n all its branches, JlllUnery, late" and , ISouneU cleaned and retrlmmed Htcurled, etc pathr hw covercji while ycu styles, NO 41 S Stamping doco to order. rBut' llorlal Salta a SpoeUlty WESTTEMPLE STHlEET wait, Opp. Grant Bros. Stables 