J.t- - WOMAN'S KXI'ONKNTV .1 to" death - was to furniomglayjai-ii- for some t of-ou- Hrt r - The - estabUshediffeacah-wouldRelief J?pciety-is3vel-l give us a little of their patronage it would be a great help-t- o ns.;Ms 4' that this is Jhonlydadies' we 'have not Tiad srrweveTHixsfar thanks for our labor but reproach, I . hppe feeiisters" from this onVi will assist :and' make this institution what we' intended it if ;we to be. ; Therejs You at store. the cant get what we want could if you give us your patronage. We could carrv a much larger stock. Sister Alder spoke my fellings,1 have been looking for these times, we will surely be cut off,. if things continue as ...they are: we have it I know,-- hope every Sister will take hold witn us it we dont need tne warnings, mistakes made; we will be sure to feel-thon Culture. Silk spoke a few words' of-- Davis County said Grant Sister Susan I take great interest in Home Industry, Always trade at the Woman's Store. Also advise the sisters in our stake to do so: - If we cant see the fulfillment of Prophecy I : dont know what it will take to open our eyes. I feel to sustain Home Industry in every branch. The Lord tells us to adorn ourselves with the workmanship of our own hand we should put oiir shoulder to the wheel. Have good and competent workers in the Davis Stake. In years past I always felt like getting in a corner and staying' there; since taking an active part in public duties have experienced great joy in my" - - ; .. no-nee- d -of- -failureT . ; - . ; 1 -- . " labors. Sister M. W. Wilcox felt- - to endorse all said by previous speakers. All are willing . to sustain Sister Home in spiritual affairs. Why not the same in regard to these in- dustries, I am very much interested in the straw work, think our young ladies would do well tcfcake hold of this branch The Relief Society can be a great help if they are interested. Sister Minerva Snow was pleased to again have the privilege of meeting with the. sisters. "I love. to hear the testimonies and enjoy the spirit present. I know Sister Home was inspired ,in making the remarks she has, it is a step in the right direction '". . Its time wearpused -- ourselvesif "air would7 . 1 u' v - arzrrfrrrtfffi ked" t and otheYs too to establish straw braiding some years aero, r mere are some ueauiuui girls,vre4iad)thef aimsajid desires,: have been disappointed iu many things. 1 Ik-iscl- AtX rnake-reeacrT- reelmg if any one wishes to learn it. Sister Jennings hasaclassof about eighteen or twfenty girls teaching themHoseto ieriableT am them to become greatly in favor of the excursion to Saltair in the interest of home industry . I would like to hear from Sister Jennings." Sister' Jennings said , ' 'last winter I saw the need of helping the young girls. There are- - many who can't get employment, they can't sew, andare unable." to take care of themselves. I concluded to organize a class and give all' whdTw"ouId like to attend the opportunity of learniilg to sew,vwe arei getting along quite satisfactorily lo the Co-o- store and asked them if they would stop sending for things we could make at home, they promised to take all we could, lay down at the price they buy. tell I am interested in the' Womans members of my femilyJo b.uy:3there, myself, but MI have to trade where ' ,7 ZlJy my investments are. Sister Horne made closing remarks. We don't want to pull against each other, but branch out in all things. ' AVe had hoped to own a large place before this and be able to have more employed to help themselves, have done the best we could under the circumstances, we may have made- mistakes, havej, always been desirous Jto please our patjonsrwe will work for the good of Ziou, in temporal as well as spiritual things, the existing troubles may lull for a while. We had hoped to have a bureau1 of information have failed thus far, we had lofty aims when we started out; without support we could ; not carry them, through. Sister Taylor said a few vords in praise of Sister Home and her assistants." "If you knew how these women have struggled to keep the store alive, men would have given up long ago, I.don't think it would have .been possible for them to have kept their heads above w?ter. - Great credit 4s due to these sisters, and its our duty to sustain them ' V Donation s were received and several shares were taken. Meetincrad-- " joumed for two weeks. Benediction Sister E. Pixton. V. R. Young, Sec. -1 ' . : . ent p Co-o- p, am-satisfi- ed , - take hold wjiat a work could be accomplish-- . ed, The time 'will come when we will not have Sister HorneAvith.us, much as we desire it. I know she is inspired of God, let us work anoT sustain and encourage her in her labors. I wouid like to take up a class in straw work if I had the straw. Have just taken a trip inbejiaiLiJilk-cultur- et can see'tlie liaiid'of The Lord in the siens of the times. ; He will carry us through if we keep hold of the iron rod. Sister S. M. Kimball said, I am not a Naturally Mrs.' Bland was-- very lonely director but I am a stockholder, and I am a after the Waltons had left ALmerica and she patronizer of the store. Am interested in could scarcely wait for news of their safe this move.& Capitalists say, the hardest arrival. She busied herself as best she. toil is to make the first five hundred dollars, could with household duties and the trainwould like to see this entei-prisincreased, ing of her little son the one object of her and eventually brought 4nto a banking especial care and devotion. He was growinstitution, would like to .see it become so ing to be a tall boy, and so very like his popular, that our sisters would be glad to father, in both appearance and disposition. go there. Am satisfied Sister Home, has She had manv clans worked diligently, for one I. feel like susing his future, but was very seldom thinktaining her. I pray God to bless all who ing of her own. Occasionally the absent put forth an effort to save or furnish em- cousin Clair, and the companion of his ployment for our girls, etc. would come to her mind, but Sister E. B. Wells, I feel especially in- .wanderings she would not allow herself to form any ' terested in the Industrial question, am pars even concerning what might ticularly interested in any thing that will .be should they ever meet again; Maitland help our girls. I don't .forget how Sister had promised- to make special inquiry in - -- xu. e . " . day-dream- - a 3 UiakkV.U utt vv. m r M(' Mini v iiaa rst r . aravcu. i.saieiv. at r j but Mrs. Jttand message . .: t. that' me self-supporting-- Y m "jwr,' ? will- - i -i- flowers" at"theStore made 11 our"sisfe"rs, v Tj in... ! come and. see themt the store sustained silk and cocoons " jf ye, need Tiiran . i alxntt Anna's brotrier ana let ner know ,as S(X)ii as he. tK)Ssibiy could, what n. ie;-tiu Clair s niUirejvasji eiyXQ . IJnxIoTi -- felt better" now, lighter-hearte- d knowing the children tliad reached their home, and perhaps ' for the 'other news of far away friends. y One day not long after the letter from EnglandJiews was circulated that a ship was coming in, and T Mrs.: Bland wk7sel-- " dqm went out persuaded by her little son, who had' never seen a ship land, went down , to the shore. '.. ' Ere long the passengers were landed and Mrs? Bland turned her steps homeward but she was soon followed, a quick step close "J behind her caused her to look and there seemingly scarcely a day: older haii when she had last seen him was Robert Harrison: He looked at her a. moment and his first words were ".Where is mv cousin Anna? " Explanation followed as they kept 6n their way, and soon all was told amidst tears and sobs. Strange to say Mrs. Bland did not recallher!:dream though it had been so literally"fulfi.lled, .uutirafter she had retired' to her own apartments for the night. Mr. Harrison had left her late and gone, to the public house wjiere his luggage had been . lanen, and sue scarcely realized inarrsne was not even then dreaminsr. except that reneatin ffnr fr' - o x o so manvj sad - things i xiarubuii liibibieu upuu Knowing an j inai had transpired and had made the past much m.ore vivid, than for many a day, and she had to struggle with herself to quiet her nen-eand regain c6ni6sure :after Mr. . Harrison had said 7 good night. Conway 'had been fast asleep for hours, the servants were in bed all except ner laitniui- - J osiah who always kept guard. Her thoughts had wandered far back to her earlier days at the Castle, and the many strange incidents that had transpired there, and how seemingly presentiments had come to her, and now the fulfillment of her strancre dream ncHie wondering of ;the future what it would be. nThatshe loved Mr. Harrison" in the best and truest way her heart demonstrated for ''jzt' . -- - . -- : s made her to know that the one relative of her mother's was to be dear cousin Jane's protector from henceforth, for M r. TT a m' assured himself as : he left Mrs. .Bland's door that first night, that he should stand by her and Anna's children while he lived. From Mrs. Bland's account of Maitland he tnl-p- . had concluded he would not UiUlV. "vk a general interest in the 'children, and past experiences of L,ady Walton, had not given him a very high estimate of her ability, to ouvcacsiuii umu auu rear me cniidren now committed to her care. , , The love he had felt for Jane Conway efe he knew of her engagement to Dr. Bland had been kept in abeyance while she was a wife, but when he met her as a widow his heart went out to her and all the pent-u- p emotions seemed to red 011 KIp tfiirv force, and he determined to offer his hand and heart; she had spoken to him of young Barrington, and he had recognized from what she said, his own nephew, and had been interested at once: he would fmdVhi'i' - sure that he was Sidney BarringtOn the 