i'--r it t"wOV M':i': ki$ug. -- , "AlTerwiaij' rate: 'space oo'e tin:?, -- jiuiiatiity higlSt Lake Conscience, and most per month, 5,3. 00. c a .upjigh-i a, .ftl.fc 1 rcd; things, all: those . W 1 i t 1 w f 1 T attraction: : 1 I' I i III . t 11 I .i-t- a I I I I Ththr. has I - t ! 1 ; 1 . ii'iiI I Y i I' I Il v ii I. Riven much . Y :xr.l A k d;. w uuvvyv yn 44m., .u.sm mind iiCTis'iif&witaMU. 5ai4 aiat;'Nf Tina ready sale among. lllis Authors: write lor themarked oiT in class ol brought to beat, 25 cts." r,' purity, O'-- vnust-iiced'Ueone-ye.f- . -- .. itBfS:--- - .dthmjginsome arct'very pailietH lthoNC who have; lived in the mountains. unuwujuKiviv-.iuvui- ii Jl is yueuseiy r ' t Svi'iU'ct'i uteu r,is 'the woil'd' in Avliciut'iv Ayorsat.ppcu. i Wsi-lot; dangervbi Kitkrupicyvyl;a' thaUs . .Woman's1 Rxpoxext. EMMS LJ.Vfi-- I XTi rN KN T UMv V 1m,.i,Tv- - VniKf 7,5,1 ne ,,no totirtt leople,y It ';iS"eood' that time.:' is as well as the ..present: put alie tuture neriods that there is aiiBd and a new year,,; wheir a portion of the per pie will stop and publishers;must be . paid, if the .writer live think of the- past, and the future. .It is bu dreanisajul fancies ofMiis own vivi or starved m a garret as many glorious to have such days as Christ njas and imagination, ' New Year's, when one thinks of "peace have done. ThV. citizens of Sail I,ake. who talk so wheii there is a gi eater and goodwill, should" also flow of love in human hearts, anil some-.- , nniclf of home industry times forgivetiess of each other.andTecbncilia. recoghizevhometalent and give full value-tthe work of the brain; as well as the tionsj and memories come kick that make. of the hands. . ; us tender and devotional, y:- work ,7 in us Meantime let :' good faith,' that, hope It may. be possible there is too much feast- j" well the author and book sell the auay iri and merriment, and too little that is lusic realize ins .great laponas peen a nnauciai,,, elevating in tone" and character, are-aespecially, sublime and sacred music, seems as well as. an artistic success, There af-caii t ways the proper expression of the deepest many people in tlie community and most reverential , emotions of the. srml; pfbfd expeiisireluxuriesL and in good bool:S. the nearest akin to the divine element iir: one is sure of returns for money invested., one's nature, , and yet how little of jt one If it were possibleto say more for the book,. hears nowadays on' such occasions. The tne writer would gladly do so, but the story Psalmist said, A song of praise is a prayer y must be read to be appreciated, and the Lor.'' Long ago in the homes' does not like to know the contents of a of the people hymns were sung at prayer book beforeha;id,asit. spoils in a. great, time, they were a part of the family wor jmeasure the pleasure of the reader. ' shio raornine and eveui-ntr.-' ;' In how many homes is that good old custom observed EDITORIAL NOTES. now? Very few perhaps, but it has for the ' . i most part gone out of fashion. Riaii-- .SociKTV matter alsW. S. A. During this year just past think" of the minutes are crowded out of the present desolation and xlestruction made by cruel And the number of .the paper td" make room for the War nation against nation---Christmas story, but Will come in after the many terrible calamities that have, befallen ;: people, and cities and islands ma.de desolate; holidays,;. have we not here in Zioir in the vales of the .Tiik new blanks for Relief Society Remountains, reason to be - grateful to our ports and also new books for keeping acFather in Heaven for his. protecting care counts properly are now ready and for shje that has been over us? at the Deseret News Office. Every Society In ""the 'New Year about to dawn the should have these new books, which aje so . jeople of Utah anticipate a great change; perfectly adapted to : the use of the Society from the limited conditions of a Territory to and have - been prepared expressly for that Statehood and it is the proud hope of every purpose. Send and get ' them,at..-0nce- l true citizen that wisdom from above may Rememler that" each Society" should report rto'. guide those who. have been delegated to the entire year 1804 from January frame the new constitution and that the December 1 and the Secretaries of each whole , people ' men and women" alike may Stake prepare one for the General Secretary thereafter enjoy the full rights and privileges to reach here before the middle 6f February of citizenship. 189-- . Exfosks r ofic'e, Roams 'a7 A'wS Const: ratio a n,.iU;ij Street, oppose Z. C. M, I. Bc?:aeS hours fron io.ra. to- S.psBK every tlx ft '' "AdJreiS "iIbu5rrie.4 .conuuaicatior.3--tPUBLISHES WOMAN'S EXPONENT, '. E'ltcrcl at the PSsi 0$xt in Silt Lake :. cl's matter 1 - , TIIK 01' A AND NEW YKAR. : .- l have beeai happier times, had one. only realized the importance of the actual present. "A re. we better for the experience gained? We are apt to ask ourselves,- - Have- we materially improved in. excellence iu,any :oiie virtue? . Are we more charitable, or ' --ra.ore sympathetic? Have, we reached out ;And broadened our sphere of action? What Jiave we done, for the betterment of humanity? Kvery individual person who is actuated by correct motives in any degree, must naturally pause and consider as the year grows old, some one or more of these natural individual. questions. ; .... Looking at the dear" old world as it is (for after all it is a good world made beauti-- ful for the human race) one cannot help being meditative and contemplating seriously life in its' various phases, as one after another the years .roll on filling up the period of mother Ivarth's great age; and noting the many great changes in- material things that from time to time make the sum of progress far beyond the general expectation, though scarcely realizing, the ideal of those, .who see, far into the' future. The little one that alone can do seems too insignificent to be ' considered, in contrast with what is goiiig-odaily, the world over, and what is expected .of the' mass of mankind. And yet each one adds something, if itbe only a deed of kindness, a, word of encouragement to the de'solate, a sprayer "for the sorrowing; any sweetness to the bitter s have dealt cup which many out to them in overflowing draughts. ..The .' - , ,. : - ' n -- "bniveJiearLj very courage to stimulate another. It is not all in giving, there- are other expres sions of one's goodness besides the bestowal - of gifts, je they ever so acceptably offered.. In, this matter of fact age it is barely possible we lay top much stress upon . iuiaterjaLt Jungs; we .have come to consider ; its equivalentriiecessary to and yet our Savior said, "take no thought for the morrow." 'Consider the lilies eMhe field" etc.. There are many who, will say, we must not take - this in its literal meaning; but is it not true that mankind at the present are passing? through what must inevitably be called, "the mou- ey age, ttie greed for .money is really so decidedly uppermost.;.- So far as money serves a w ise purpose, and is not the master lusteaa. ci- the servant aybewelly - -- - happiness, . . - - but-rTr- ue .when iWakesnhTTHaeTairHmtinnV ' . , . i j one-unt- .. j i - . ' ' r . . - . , , -- . 1 . - M -- R. fellow-mortal- money-or- .. . TuE year is nearin its close, and brings with its departing days thoughts of what, has taken place, or perchance of what might , '. ; ,.- . " A .. ! . - : "; LAKK CtTV. iECE.MBKR 1.5,1894. , : . , . Utjh-a- City, . ? Salt Lake City, Utah. . stLOnd ; LAMBOURNE'S NEW BOO R JMiss Piioeim Couzins, of St. Louis, . the holidays by Alfred Lambourne resident oR this city and widely know;n here and eLewhere, author,: artist and story teller is beautiful enough in the quality of paper, type and binding to "please themostJastidious taste. The'book has Ibeen brought out in Boston, and is artistic in every, respect. The story is of the Rocky. Mountains, our own. dear everlasting hills, and is gracefully and tenderly written, and most exquisitely illustrated. The book as a whole inside and put, is suitable for the most , or 1 ibrary table, and .elegau t drawing-roowithal the tale is graciously intermingled 'with and purity of language. The title befits the subject, and blends harmoniously with the' pen sketches, and characteristic pictures "Plet A Christmas Tale of the Wasatch rThexharactersare tollfe.aud the descriptive partsof scenery C aild of incidents, are , most delightfully snow-cappe- d m lofty-sentimen- ts - famous lawyer and the- - lecturer in our city now very soon' and will probably give one or two lectures while here if satisfactory arrange-nient- s can be made;9Miss Couzins is a silver-it- e and has decided views of her own in regard to general public questions, "and" i.v' fearless in expressing her opinions, that is she has the courage of her convictions? The women of Utah owe her some gratitude for speaking publicly against their disfranchisement arid at a time when our people were most unpopular. We hope the ladies of Salt Lake will show to Miss Couzins during her stay in this City they have not forgotten her able defense of the Utah women in times past, and will show her kind attentions while she tarries in our midsj;, that she may. carry away with her ;" plea'sant recollections. of-Nati- onalt . Miss Amelia E. Barr is in Europe. where she will spend the wiiiter- - .. . ; : 