WOMAN S' KXPONKNT 74 times she fejt: as if she must ask Mr. Harr risnn tn rmtip tn Amenm nTul initi tliftn that there might be a strong support for them in case' of any emergency, but with this feeling there was always the presentiment! which had haunted her from their . She knew if she wrote ; first acquaintance. for her cousin Clair, Mr. Harrison would certainly accompany him, and besides fMnir vmi1r1 nnt thf 1fiiit nif in nnv difficulty;; he was very boyish and excellent company when all was prosperous, but in . adversity he would not be able to render the moral support necessary. Mrs. Bland felt in her inmost soul - some desperate trial was at hand, and yet there was no one to whom she could speak of it. While these impressions were so strong upon her, Lady Anna Walton., was entirely unconcerned, exceproccasionally noticing how pale and thin the Doctor was growing, but whenever she mentioned , the fact to her cousin she changed the subject,and Lady Anna felt there could not be any danger, or her cousin would observe it. , The wardrobe of stranger soon f -t- he-little writing out ; his - thoughts and views, determined that if he affairs-shoulmu& leave. ln wife and child his be so plainly understood that there could be no complication to perplex and distress his wife whom he loved devotedly and reverenced as brave and wise men ever do when happily mated. late-iSpring came aU last, though it was April before the frost and snow .entirely disappeared, the winter had been long yet not unpleasant, for in many ways there had been true domestic enjoyment and agreeable social intercourse among the friends and neighbors. No news had come from over the sea except from Maitlarid' s mother, there Acre few near relatives, to 'write and Mr. Harrison and Clair were still wandering they knew not exactly where. Some of the servants had letters from the vicinity of the old Castle, .telling of vague rumors concerning Walton Hall and the doings of the Italian Count with the horrid foreign name, but Mrs.Bland warned the servants not to speak of it to her cousin, and though they were fond of gossip they kept it among themselves. Finally news came to Maitland that there was a separation, there had been an open quarrel caused by the Count's jealousy, and Maitland was wanted at Walton Hall. It was a critical time for him to leave home, his wife needed the most tender care; the Doctor's health precarious, in a new country wnere every thing was so different, it was a most per plexing dilemma. His lawyers at home insisted upon his actual presence, and wouli take no refusal. Mrs. Bland was a sort of oracle in family matters and the subject was referred to her a final decision r Mrs. Bland could not conscientiously consent to Maitland's going away until her cousin had passed the ordeal that was now very soon expected, and the new mansion was unfinished except a few rooms they had moved into and occupied during" the .cuicd -- '. n - time and thought, and her little Edward was growing quite interesting, and she was really. 'more contented and happier than she had been before. Maitland made many new acquaintances in his business, and as the men he met were mostly substantial enterprising men of ability and sterling character, his own aims in life expanded and his ideas changed so much that he was really companionable to Dr. Bland, who enjoyed his , society and conversation and his friendship was a real pleasure and satisfaction. The Doctor realized in part his failing health, and when he found his cough so troublesome as to keep him indoors, he reflected seriously ?s to the future; he hoped his wife was not aware of what he knew himself concerning his condition, and she,poor woman had the same feeling. It was painful to both, and yet each dreaded winter. tcacknowledge the sad truth. "My cousin is too delicate at present to And so the winter wore on, there, was be left, wait a few' months or weeks at least much to interest the Doctor in this new and see her made more comfortable before mtmfrv orirl Vmc rtAtrtr True oclrod Vr you think of going for you may be detained in grave matters of state, as well as in his a long time, these family matters perprofession, he ranked high in the community taining to business and property are not was liberal in his views, and often a settled hurriedly, and Maitland,if mediator .. between those r who- - differed - should leave "A nha and an vthin sr r seri on ; radically in opinions, especially of a re-- , were to happen, you would never cease to ligious character. Such men are useful regret it," said Irs. Bland members in any society, and in the trying "When I do go Jane I shall trust all to when are cummunities times, being formed, you, I have no one competent to take such stalwarts are invaluable. The ad- , charge in my absence, Simpson does well vantage a physician has of intimate as- enough when I am hereto give orders, but sociation with people in all conditions of Anna has no idea of 'managing and I can lite is highly educational in the best and only depend upon your It broadest sense of the word, and Dr. Bland seems a great deal to ask supervision. of you, and the was naturally a man of superior qualities Doctor so poorly, but I'll try and recom- and attributes, and withal so modest and pense you by bringing you some luxuries that ambitious when men come I unassuming back again, such as cannot aspiring, were not afraid to trust him. He inspired obtained in America." confidence in all and his sympathies were shair do whatever ispossible for my' "I cousin under any circumstances, without deep and strong. In the long winter evenings when his expecting remuneration, it is a pleasure to wife was busy with her needle if his cough me to be with her, and were anything to would permit they would talk freely of the happen," here Mrs. Bland completely broke KJi iuc Uvvn uiiu. IWO kji lucil and down, .Maitland was at a juiuit families and the5 Doctor dwelt much upon what she meant. He could loss to know not understand the future of theirbov caiitionincr fii wir but was 11 II j completely adrift, for he considered in regard to the discipline he must have to Jane equal to any emergency prepare him for life's battles. And yet and if she failed what could be done he these two husband and wife could not would not dare to go away. Mrs. Bland open their hearts to each other concerning regained her voice in a few moments, and that which was of such vital importance. went on to say, that she realized her husvvnen alone in ins study Dr. Bland oc- - band's condition to be serious and in view -- .--- u j-q- " - .. -- w wm ' - - W of Anna's sickness too, she needed . 'The servants are very good himself with great-courage- 4 . v w"".", from brought u j .x: you Waitou Hall, but we' need some ,one who has greater nowledge,'and I have been looking about to secure such help, but have not succeeded." "I shall bring my mother to America when I return and we shall feel more set. -- tied, 1 will mate some disposal of the estate, for after what has happened mother w'ill not live at Walton Hall alone." Mrs. Bland made no reply she felt how weak Ladv Waltcn would be were any real trnnMa to come, but could not say so to Maitland of his only near relative. Maitland assured Mrs. Bland he would remaiu until she thought proper for him to go and so matters went on as heretofore Dr. Bland improved a little as the weather grew warmer so he could ride about over the hilkar,ri visit his patients, and his" wife'" crew mon : hopeful of his recovery. J Maitland wrote his" mother he could not leave his .wife as yet, and the knvyeis' must pospone the business. One beautiful morning in May, in the new mansion, a daughter was born, and for days after Lady Anna's life was despaired of; Dr. Bland watched h'r constantly and her cousin Jane never lelt the sick room, Maitland's visit to England was given up, or never alluded to, and throughout the house, all was dark and quiet, except the whispers pf the attendants, save when in the young mother talked hysterically, and confusedly of the old castle and of Walton Hall. Mr. Barrington the young minister who had made such a decidedly religious impression upon Lady Walton came often v to see her with Maitland's consent, for he was so utterly powerless to render any assistance himself.he was glad to have the support of so faithful a friend as Barrington had been from their first meeting, and Mrs. Bland felt spiritually uplifted by the presence of this devoted minister of the' "new faith" as it was called by them; Lady Anna was always more passive arid rested better when he was in the house. During the early days of her illness Anna had spoken to her cousin prophetically of her-'deliriu- what might transpire and Jane had carefully -premonitions con-- " firmed it and she.had told the' Doctor, and also talked to Maitland. of her fears. The whole household mourned, for the lady was greatly beloved; she did not seem to suffer severe pain, but gradually grew weaker and weaker, and finally passed into a deep sleep never more to waken in this world; just as her mother died or as Mrs. Bland had heard it from some of the old servants at Hilliard castle. ' Maitland's grief was' uncontrollable,, he could not and would not be comforted, his remorse was pitifnl, and Dr. Bland had hard, work to persuade him to leave the room after all wasover while the attendants with Mrs. Bland performed the last sad services for their "sweet mistress" nQtedLalL-forher-ow- n ' Miss Grace ChisJiolm, of Cambridge University; Miss Maltby,. formerly of Winston, of Wellesly College; ano! Mar-FChicago, have received special permission from the German government to enter the University of pottingen with the same privileges which the men enjoy.. Miss Winston and Miss Chisliolni are in the de partment of mathematics, and Miss Maltby in that of physics. . 