134 who has always Gravely defended the cause of Zion under nil rid verse circumstances. and in the days of prosperity, has sung iis its praises, and in joyful beauties and excellencies. Her poems are all of them rich with the inspiration of Gospel truths. There were about thirty people present, and most of the sisters answered t the roll call with an extract or verse, sometimes more than one from Sister Woodniansee's own writings, which abound in sentiment suitable to repeat on such occasions. There were no formal addresses but some af--. fectionate expressions of good will and such fellowship as promotes harmony and an increase' of love among friends whose daily lives are full to overflowing of practical everyday matters in this WOrk-a-rl- a v wrSrM frc WnnrlmitiiW wic given a handsome copy of George Elliot's Poems. Mrs. E. B. Wells, in behalf of the ladies, made the presentation; two of the late lamented Sister Elizabeth Howard s daughters were present, all the way from Big Cotton Wood. Mrs. Kate Howard Brockbank, whose husband Elder Isaac Brockbank, accompanied herpand Mrs. strains-'-portraye- 4 . ' . . . EXPONKNT. WOMAN'S ; RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. Concluded. Orened with singing "O say what js truth" prayer by Mrs. Lvdia D. Alder, sineinc: "For the strength of the hills we bless thee"&c. Minutes of previous Qctober Conference read (afternoon) Counselor. L. M. Hart Bear Lake Stake gave an excellent report an a concise manner of the work in which the sisters of that (locality were engaged. Mrs. Angeline Hinckley reported Millard Stake as doing well and especially in regard to the needy. Mrs.. M. A. Grover in a very able manner spo. for Juab Stake, one particular feature of her remarks being that the young mothers come to meeting .with their babies. Mrs. M. A. Stoddard was authorized to represent Cassia Stake in the interest of which she did remarkably well. President Zina D. H. Young then spoke upon the subject of silk culture and the necessity of making" preparations in time to accomplish good results, explained in detail some experiences in. this direction, also spoke particularly of the care 'of the sick and of the ordinances of the Church, the blessings which were to follow, the Believer the cultivation of faith and the virtue of prayer and of promoting greater Afternoon- session: - -- - 1 . . , CI ? (Boston) closes its ninth volume 1wiin me May num per. i . ne - i rena 1 nas maue sieauy progress since its lounaa-tioand now firmly holds, its place as one of the three leading American reviews. A 1 ' I- n, , do-onerati- ve vim 7 i aiit cAiiva Ul - their astonishment, and Miss Anthony's reply, in which she stated that she had known of the organized work we had been doing for years. Mrs. Richards expressed her great satisfaction with our position before the wrorld and our connec- tion with the National Council of Women, explained how it first came about and what an advantage it had been and would be in the future. President J. N. Smith of San Luis Colorado, spoke, of the blessings and privileges of the Gospel enjoyed by the Saints in that locality, though all were poor, and referred to it as the magnanimous state, where women enjoyed and could exercise the right of the ballot; President Ricks,of Bannock Idaho, referred to the days of the Prophet Joseph and gave some interesting incidents of that period. President Haight of Cassia, Idaho, relatedsome facts that had come to his notice in that Stake when the Kenei society had accomplished very one .insjante matenaLgoodT alluded-t- p lere the Society had helped tolift the mortage from the -- property of a widow which was a great temporal blessing, urged the sisters to help in sustaining home manufactories, -- , President Honie -- ""gave some notice of the circulars for the Woman's Store and the congregation joined in-Miigmg me jjoxoiogy. ieneaiciion vvus . pronounced by President Thomas Ricks, j and Conference adjourned for six months. " ec. .E. B. -- . , GosaidJie represented one of thejargest cotiuties. in area, but they only had eighty-fiv- e votes, believed in woman suffrage, felt that the Relief Society was a great power and aid to the people, they had no Bishop's trials, no family troubles, arid no need of -- . -- The Arena scriotion. askinsr those who did take it to raise the right hand that she might see how manv there were; spoke 01 the request she had made through the Exponent that all the branches of the Relief Society should study the lectures Upon faith and seek" to eet the spirit of them and that 111 so dointr they should be blest, said "have we left the homes of our fathers and the graves of our ancestors to come nere ana lorsake tne truth "and descend to lesser things? verily jio, we must keep the commandments of God in that alone" there is safety for us.' V The secretary, by request, read the circular issued by the officers of the WoStore, which was com man's plete in itself and called for support from tne women 01 zion,maae some remarks up on subiects connected with the work of th society. silk Mrs. Emilv S. Richard-SDokeftof the Utah Exhibit in Chicago, described the silk curtains, and the embroidery in sego lilies, also the Provo and Logan cur tains and the linen exhibit from Spricgville, and many other articles, described hur- - j Am . President Z. D. H. Young made some. telling remarks about the Expqnent urg- - the great interest manifested in our women and especially at a meeting in the organization room where she had spoken' of our different associations. the Relief Societv. the j Young Ladies' and the Primary, referred-t-o some influential women who had expressed - . " own hands. iiv.uiji uvt vivijv at, vnv. it -- ( e, he , 1 seri-cultur- " ith Ward, and Bishon George ri. laylor &nq wite ot the 14th M. Sisters Isabella Home," union...... Ward, Green Lula Richards, Margaret , Counselor B. W. Smith made some exY. Taylor, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Stevencellent remarks about the Temple and the son, Mrs. C. S. Thomas, Dr. E. R. sweet spirit prevailing in that sacred place,; Shipp, Helen Mar Whitney, Mrs. Vilate all the Saints must fce truthful, thought and most of sisters the others, Romney upright and honest; increase in love and spoke a few encouraging words,, and Miss good works, love each" other and promote Myrtle Woodmansee favored the company the cause of righteousness and help forwith some piano music, giving choice selecexward the interests of this tions, and delicious picnic added to the horted mothers to teach their kingdom; children to be sociaj, enjoyment, as refreshments ever do, and knew if they would, such whpn the mnvprwttnni; 1i?crhlv intellertnnl industrious, children would be more likely to grow up and even spiritual. honorable men and women , urged the The ladies of the World's Fair Associa- - silk culture and the circulation of the Wo'tion of. Davis County presented to the Salt man's Exponent, and many other home ' Lake Temple the handsome set of furniture industries arid home subjects. Mrs.M. I. Horne gave out a notice con;madeor their exhibit, and upholstered m homemade silk (sage green,) the wood cerning the Woman's Store and the Circular carved in sego lilies, the floral emblem of that had been prepared, solicited the Utah. This furniture attracted much atpatronage of the women of the County, tention in the parlor of the Utah Building, thought the store should be better susit was a meritorious piece of workmanship tained. Counselor Reese from Box Elder, and now it is in a place appropriate to its said some branches in the Stake were very artistic value. The design was by Utah remote and could not be visited often but women and they may well be proud of once a year the President and others genertheir,bnlhant success. A colored portrait of ally succeeded in reaching them; spoke Mrs. Amelia Spencer Rogers, surrounded very highly of their President and her noble work. by some cf the boys and girls of the Priwas Counselor Jane S. Richards spoke very mary Association, handsomely framed, "also given witli the furniture. Mrs. Rogers interestingly upon a variety of subjects was , the originator of the idea of our urged the sisters to sustain the Exponent, Primary Associations, and the writer was and to economize and so those things that present when she first gave expression to were necessary, felt that visiting the sick the thought to our former president and and assisting and comfortingi:hem was inleader, Sister Eliza R. Snow, who grasped deed a labor of love; thought we should enthe situation, and with the assistance of courage silk raising, many of the trees ' J J.l' i1 ' as 1.ucips, tugaiiizeu me associauons uuieia planted years ago are dead, but the people IV. VJWill VVUliS. UUH OUU1 should put out new ones, spoke of the JJUUU ,bUlt throughout the valleys of the mountains cyclones and many calamities that were we term Zion. The committee who precoming and felt if we wished to avoid these sented the valuable exhibits to President things we must live nearlhe Lord; ; those lorenzo onow m tne salt .uake 1 ernple who were aged should be dihVent in season' were Sisters Lucy A. Clark, Jane Holt, and out of season and the young had no Athalia M. Steed and Anna Williams; time to lose. President F. A. Hammond of San Juali ris and wife of the difficulties, there were 110, whisky shops, no gambling dens; the ExpONENTvvas appreciated among them, he felt it was important for thl? sisters to have it and always read it himself with great interestthe speaker did'ntknoV much about but lie remembered tne liax ana tow, knew how it could be utilized, the Lord has told -- Wells, 