 ' - v. - . M CONTENTS: QJir r Q l Ladies Meetings Lydia I), Alder. Nature E, , H. Lyon. Our Agency, When u Does, DCKiuiiuH yuuvcii. miscellaneous E. D. Wells. U. W Relief Society Conference Woodmansee. R. S. Reports P. Gladvs W. S. A. M. E. Irvine. EUen L. Goldsbrough. News. Utah and Silk . Association Notes lv Obituary. Visit of Pen Women. Editorial: Utah A , Few Thoughts, .Clubs. of. Federation Editorial Notes. i . Poetry: Springtime Greetings 3. Wall- -C. Hyacinth. Birthday Lydia D. Alder. The Qld Temple C. R. W. . SPRINGTIME. Bright Spring, if I should ask you, To hasten in your flight. To bring no fair sweet blossoms To gladden mortal sight, No cool and sparkling dewdrops, That kiss the brow of night; To steal the gentle breezes, That fans the morning light. To stay the rushing waters, , . The hilltops ne'er adorning, With aught but pearly white; To hear no feathered songster. Arrayed in plumage bright, Trill forth the sweetest music, From out their leafy height. r Fair Spring, if this I ask you, Would I an answer find? Ah, Springtime, gentle Springtime, Have not a doubt for me; I would n6t haveyju other, E'en though a change could be. love your fragrant flowers, And graceful waving trees, Your verdant vales and valleys, And smoothly covered leas; The rugged clifts and ledges, That round me I can see. Grim sentinels of safety, They ever seem to be. The winding rills and rivers, That flow to meet the sea, With rippling sounds of laughter,  And roaring shouts of glee. All these are dearest pleasures, ' Whose freshness ne'er can flee, From the depths of true affection, Safe locked with memory's key. I . No, no, happy Springtime, linger, Forevermore with me. Hyacinth. Wsoul that does good to others grows f goodness. He that is a medium of . . Mi. . d to others is himself blessed thereby. prevents our doing goou in the same degree it prevents our & good to ourselves. Jean Paul. rs 17. ; t beyond which she must not. venture, beyond which her aspirations mus.tnot attempt to soar. But she has so persistently not only advocated, hut demanded of her lord, the man, possession of u cunsisieni witn lier relations to nuis :him, that his own moral sensibility has in- uucea mm to make concession from time to time, until now some dare to say there is no limit to her sphere within the circle of man's ultimate , destiny; that" ber moral obligations, her suscepti-bilite- s and sensibilities; her place and power, and her appreciation, all render her competent to be a complete companion of all the er conditions and vicissitudes of time; a sharer, of all his honor and glory beyond the limits of this ;' probationary experience. It seems to be justly claimed that" her importance hasnot been appreciated by man as Was designed in the beginning it should it was immutably decreed that a man sliould Jeav botn ins lather and mother, and cleave to woman as an indispensable companion to his future .welfare,' that when woman is to take precedence of both father and mother, in the eternal economy, she may not be lightly esteemed, must not be looked upon with indifference, hot be set aside in any condition as something that can be dispensed with. Jesus himself,' recognized this law of the Creator, and. orave it complete endorsment as bind- ing upon man, when he quoted it in defence of his views; that from the beginning there was no such thing as a separation contemplated, after the relation of man and wife had been consummated. Certainly it is by and through her that all men are, ever were and ever shall be; and must she not share in the accountability which man shall render of his life? Where then is the time or place in which she is not entitled to share with him in all the rpsnonsibilities and honors that man is acquir-ing- ? capable of bearing, or legitimately : . No. amounting almost to imprisonment," or to a servitude equal to slavery; when sher was "Among the unsolved problems of the not considered as the ornament and refiner day, remains that of the limits" woman's of society, the companion and friend of sphere. but among the higher castes of society Ages past have endeavored to determine man; was often required to sacrifice lerself the bounds that should be upon 'for his tomb. prescribed hex,... as being suited to her The influence of Christianity has changed capacity, of both menJaUand physical development-I- to a great extent these conditions of her lias beetra cherished idea with man that life; have released her from the actions there were limits . -- I894. WOMAN'S SPHKRI?. man, through Witholding; welcome showers, ; From lovely Nature's sight, Nor clothe her vales with verdure' Whose beauties all invite. May i intel-ligenceh- In their ever onward flight. wessmg the. Wo men of all Nations.. SALT LAKH CITY, UTAH? MAY nr.w,,nc J tf - r0U-22- . $cmi-month- ' i To govern is made, her duty from the day of man's birth. She is both fitted and of competent for the honorable performance that duty. To learn his needs, and provide for and administer to them she is equally and in the proficient; and in respect for, is ever the peer of performance of 'duty she ' man For integrity and honor she may rule be fearlessirtrusted, as the prevailing of her life. It has not been so much byasthe encourageby her own ment that man has given, efforts, that woman has risen persistent F .t i t.:i,A.tiriit7nt;hti ofChristian nations. in tne aiguc of the time It is certainly a great advance to a seclusion when she was subjected and degrading restrictions in which she had almost become the soulless thimr which she had beeii represented to be. and restored toher many of her natural rights which tend to establish a just and true equality of the sexes: and a woman now i? nftpn acknowledged the absolute sovereign of a great kingdom as in hereditary monarchies like those of modern times. In our day she has not excellence but prominence in many of the professions, as well as in science and art, which places her in the front, and makes good her claim to the right, of equality with many of the sterner sex? It has now become a universal sentiment, that nothing: marks more decidedlv the character of man, and of nations, than the manner in wliich they treat woman. In fact, woman's influence in society for good, cannot be overestimated. She is no longer considered: to be a mere plaything for treacherous . man . She is or Uiat im- portance that no man can be "properly educated, or fitted for life, who has; not experienced the influence and spiritual divinity as embodied in woman and mother. An inspired writer has said of woman that her price is far above rubies and that nian finds favor by eretting'one for with God. Who can estimate the value of God's favor? Or who can declare the worth of a virtuous woman? She is in fact the link that connects the temporal with the spiritual, earth to the heavens, and man to . God.' Well did the poet write: only-acqui- red - . "Heaven when it had created man, Unfinished found creation's plan; Nor would the links together meet 'Till woman made the chain complete." The Father chose her by and through whom all his spiritual children should come to earth, and so ordered that she should be the first to know the advent of the spirit to house not made with hands, " its home, anu not UUlll auc uxs cuuuvvcu it vviiu iuc virtues of her soul does she present it a priceless offering to her Lord. Thus woman is recognized by the eternal decree of the Father to be the first to cherish humanity as also, she was the first to be- "a hold immortality in a risen Son and Savior., The fact that no man is without the woman in the Creator's economy, makes it difficult to find a place between the advent of humanity, and the immortality of the risen dead, where woman's sphere may not be found, in which she may not tread with that triumphant wyomanly pride that shall fit her not only for the associations of men, but of angels and of God In view of the fact that there can be no man, priest, king or God, without woman, r 