WOMAN'S'' EXPONENT, interested in all. movements. - The Guide class progressive have done very effective ..work in the attainment of higher and ; deeper spiritual training. 141 Meeting opened by singing, "When the voice of friendship's heard." Pmyer by Sister Margaret C. Brown. Continued by singing, "Come, come ye Saints." Minutes . of last meeting read and approved. -President Home honed LADIES' MEETINGbear testimony that we micht h of refreshing from the Lord. God knows Tim meeting held in the when we bear testimony. Fourteenth; Ward Assembly Hall, May 6, cords to the worlds on "Angels bear rehigh. By our re1894. Counselor E. Stevenson conducted we shall be judged. Let us keep His cords the meeting. Meeting opened by singing commandments, that He may not say to us. .Counselor E. '!?', ,my ather-"Depart, you have not done the things I Webb. Continued by singing, "Welcome, commanded you." . Of all women, we are best of all good meetings." Minutes of thernost blessed, if we have the good spirit : last meeting read and approved, Minutes of in our heart." rnmary Association of Fifteenth Ward read. Minutes of 'Primary of the' Fifteenth President M. Isabella Home said she was Ward were read by the secretary, which pleased with the minutes read iw-thlittle were very instructive. girl. Thought mothers should be careful By request President Hornegrauted perand prompt in sending the children to the mission for, the patrichal'blessingTgiven by Primary. We should be careful of pride, the Patriarch Hy rum Smith to Sister jane and dress the children plainly. A proprietor James, to be read in the meeting. The of a store said he sold more gingham to was read by Sister Alder. clothe the children of the rich, by far, than blessing Sister Elmina Taylor. said, it is comfortto clothe the children of the poorer classes. ing to know that who doeth well shall be Children should be taught to respect their blessed. We have the gifts of the Gospel mothers be wise and among us. We frequently have the gift of parents. Young humble. We are all God's children, and tongues, also the gift oLhealjng have should be wise and humble, striving to been healed many times myself,') and(Iall the raise bur children to fear God. Told of the other gifts are church as. promised. sad fate of a Prophet, because he did not Should we not live better lives? Should restrain his children. President Woodruff we not be careful of our association, and be has said that when the Temple was dedicacalm here in Zion while the dreadful calamted the angels had been told to reap down ities pass over the earth? God said that in the earth, and the spirit of destruction was the last days He would pour out judgments everywhere except in Zion. Spoke of the on the wicked. May we so live that to us many virtues and good deeds of Sister He will say,' "Well and faithfully done." McMaster, President of the Relief Society Sisters Corbet, Diana Reed, Peterson, of the Eleventh Ward, who had passed Hayon, Holland, Larseri and Forsythe away since our last meeting also Sister bore excellent testimonies. Sisters sang, Player, one of the Counselors to the Presi"Arise, my soul arise.". ' dent of the Relief Society of the Nineteenth Sister Rawlings, Kiddle, Frances Smith Ward; they were noble women , valiant for and Workman each bore testimony concem-ingth- e the truth, and had passed to the great behealing power, fulfillment of prophecy yond, to mingle with loved ones, and enjoy and of promises made by the servants of God. the reward of the righteous. A sister in the congregation testified that Counselor K. Webb spokeatsomelength this was the Church of God. Sister Julia on Temple work, urged the sisters to atPack bore a strong testimony to the truth tend to this important duty, also of the of the Gospel, spoke of the Prophet Joseph, dreadful calamities befalling the children how his face shone with glory when he told of men, disasters by sea and by land, at abroad; felt that we were living of the truths of the Gospel, and also spoke home-anof seeing the murdered Prophet and Patri- in the time., spoken of by the prophets, knew the gift of healing was in the Church arch side by side in death. the Morris, at the present time as well asin the past, "SistersRa WlingsT" Forsy ' Phelps, Clark, Brown and Nunn, each and that she was a living monument of sooke uoon healiner and concernine: faith. God's mercy. Urged the sisters to redeem promises fulfilled, and the testimony of the their dead. : : Other sisters in the congregation bore Gospel and its gifts and powers. Sisters M. W. Wilcox, Mary Ann Hardy testimony, and desired to be true and faith:: :;v'- : and Williams, each bore strong testimonies ful: Sisters Morris and Ford bore testimony and were pleased with the sentiment of the1 that Joseph was a prophet of God, was meeting." Sister J. C. Howe said the " C ; upon had been timely. "I am thankful for this knowledge. bore also Alder Di testimony. Sister Lydia thankful that my kind parentatfimght me President Hornefelt to thank God for., anto revere the Sabbath day. God has toswered my prayers in a remarkable manner. ' ' the many excellent testimonies borne day, and felt to bless the sisters The gift Sister Jane James bore a faithful testiwas poured out. ; The intermony, then spoke in tongues. Interpreta- of tongueswas ; pretation given by Sister Phelps, and tion given by Sister Phelps. the sisters. Sister Counselor Stevenson Is this not the was a rich blessing to ero'od spirit in the f thf nronhets to us? Sooke. at Mnrris testified of the house. President Home spoke of laboring some length on the duties of mothersmakin tne lempie, auu ui x vwiuu woi ing many good remarks. President Horn had just been given there. She saw her made c few closing- remarks. Meeting ad (who had butlately passed away) journed for two weeks. Singing, "This r daughter with the heavenly choir, and when the God is the God we adore. the Temple choir sang the Hosannah, Sister L. D. Alder. ' hpnvpnlv choir all sane Hosannah, and her them. Made other meeting held in the daughter was among Ladies' Meeting was aajourneu Fourteenth Ward Assembly Hall, May 19, closing remarks. President Horne spoke of for two weeks. 1894. Sister M. Isabella. Horne presiding. SEMI-MONTHL- semi-monthl- Y tidhsby "Sister Julia Pack. v y Prer " e" -- . . in-th- e f ; d : : sub-jectsjtrea- ' , : " ted ; ; -- . ; -- . - , semi-month- the secretary's absence, that she was often prevented by circumstances, it was sugge&: ted that the sisters pray that Sister Young might be enabled f to attend. Sisters sane. ly . I Lydia D. Aloe r, Ast. Sec. RS. REPORTS. ' UINTAH STAKE. Minutes of conference of the Relief Society of the Uintah Stake of Zion, con- vened in the Stake House, March 4, 1894,,-Siste- r Sarah Pope presiding. Singing Prayer by "Bishop Freestone. Singing. Minutes of previous conference read and approved. A statistical and financial reThelocal and general port was read. authorities were sustained by the conference. President S. R. Bennion delivered a very interesting discourse to the people: he said sisters were engaged in one of the - the greatest works;, there is in the Church Spoke of the gralii thej' are laying up according to President Brigham Young's instructions, and also spoke on the education of the young, said he felt to bless the ; sisters in their labors, and asked the Lord to bless us all. J Counselor A. Bartlett said the Relief Society was organized by the Prophet Joseph for a wise purpose, and also spoke at some length on the subject of virtue. Counselor Mary Hall bore her testimony. Advised the sisters to read and study good books that they might store up knowledge and have something to talk about, besides talking about their neighbors, and asked the Lord to bless us in our work. Conference then adjourned until 7 p. m. Singing, "Hard times- come again no more." Benediction by President Sarah n . ' -- - -- Pope. r t Opened with singing, prayer by counselor A H. Bartlett. Sing- Evening session: u lei, g. iisteraiiDDyuajisr-iuary- , Sarah Coltron, Julia E. Dillman and Phebe Hislop all spoke very interestingly on different subjects, especially on the way. we should rear our children and the example we should set before them. ; few to words Robison a the Sister spoke Said sisters. they must be very young kind to the aged, remember .they were, the . ones that cared for us when we were small, be kind to them and take their counsel and the counsel of parents, for remember we will all be old some day ourselves. ''President Pope felt like saying a few words to the sisters in the Relief Society. It is our duty to look after the poor and needy, take care of everything we have that we can use, if it is something we cannot use ourselves we can find some one else that can. It is but a few years from the cradle to the grave, and let us do all the good we can. It is hard times there is plenty in the conntry but no money to get anything with it was much worse in the N early days of Utah, for there was neither money or clothing. " Brother Robert Pope spoke a short time on the early days of Utah and crossing the he wished the .brethren plains, and saidthe7 would speak to people as plain as the sisters did; Hoped the sisters would be Conference adblessed in ' their labors. Benejourned for six months. Singing. diction by Couuselor Mary Hall. Sarah Pope, Prest. ; ' ' Addie Longfellow, Sec. - . 