' I. fM-- - VVOM-AN'SkxPONKN- 701 ' Sriecks. their tnnttn .nf 'MJ . . .:t:rtMe fcmauy. burdens. I said "WW tuJl t i ujju mcii uieories nf vuUiLVii.iuuii. .."j "He can-uiand indifference ,Vot to perspective detail, it is XpT.T, , hfselt-:.T- hen with a d "they have come to stay." Let us liUU quivering in every nerve, she 7J, iinne in the future we mav dismvpr k.V cn,n. 1111. Ill a but soon sank again the "truths", in this school and ' . purpose;' that is to influence the work of ' Such h i It w t,. woman in I artists." If attempt to de- - the nast ill 'coming ,iMUI ,GI 1 fine wHich school bf admire in .nvfiq :7t -- . v I ' We see it every day in every position and .avenue of life-r- on the street, in the stores, on the cars and even in the Churches I am often) actually heart sick at Woman's Cruelty, and indifference to each other, cruel both in words looks and deeds. A tired, delicate, or aged lady will get, in a car comfortably filled yith women and not one attempt to move closer to make more room, and the elevated eyebrows, the shrugging shoulders and oft times muttered words, often sink deep in honest hearts there to corrode and embitter life perhaps; and again in Social life who is ..woman's worst enemy whose putting; malignant and inconsiderate wtffds often , mars the whole " life of a young woman. I tell you my Sister Woman is not the opposite sex whose words slash us, it is our owrj petty feelings at d glib tongues which can account for in no way without it is a bit of the ' 'Original Sin' left in us. But we reccolect the words of one who said SE&SE J I . I I I 1 1 Ti toft Ji - o .paining in its most, taking school broadest sense, 1 .would say , I enjoyed the" toy, plaything, asiae at the Their lntenseness. thpir Russian roost.pleasure of .Man: the fetter m xich yet tempered and gorgeous harmony oi gold, but they were none the less ' 1 of color, their individuality point of effectual. , . idea and power, gratify my taste But a change has come: in this Kin. I hey arid ieeling lully. are neither teenth Century have the shackles, that so Realists nor Impressionists. ' Their religious lOn? boiltlfl Wnmon i V.Q11 paintings have the impress of devoutness broken. Now it rpctc uu t, and ample, taste: their studies of nature are -- wtfl rise to her full stature, and stand side ITtet - . con-ceptio- n, , " w its grandest, its loveliest and natural phases. They (To not effect the nude, which I was thankful for,! having been surfeited on that in the French depart-ment. While some of our American artists, Harrison for one spoil beautiful landscape effects, by painting naked women in the foreground as for example '.'In Arcadie." ; It'mustbe a master hand indeed, who can paint the nude that is not coarse; and while I have yet many, very many, pictures in my mind, I must not forget there are others whose- - impressions are worthier than mine for your perusal, and so give place to them. . The joy, the delight" of those halcyon days, of 'that 'festival beside the waters of Lake Michigan, will live in my memory, forever. It was a realization of my childhood's dream of fairy-lanIt is past, yet who can estimate its marvelous effects on the minds of those who were privileged to see its beauties bf architecture, its wealth of art, its magnificent monuments and marvels of science. That I was granted the privilege of wandering through its broad streets and sailing on its beautiful lagoons, of enjoying the treasures housed in its classic halls, causes my heart to swell with gratitude. Many and fragrant are the memories of the moments passed amid the beauties and wonders of - those treasure in J with u helpWt the Sunreme Reiner should be. Nor ran lmmitv further progress until women are able to fill this oositinri In the year 1848 the first Woman's Con vention was held at Seneca Falls N. V Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, presiding Woman's Rights, or rather her wrongs were discussed.From that day to the present, the emancipation of woman has met with a vast amount of opposition the opposition, though less strong to day, still continues. Yet in the last 45 years a great work has been accomplished. Wonderful changes have taken place. Educational institutions have opened their doors. In many avenues of employment work can now be found. The right to hold property is unquestioned. Colorado and Wyoming have granted full suffrage to Woman . Some other States have partially conferred this right. All this has been accomplished through the indefatigable efforts of Mrs. Stanton and her heroic But much remains undone, and there is need.of many earnest workers. In the World's Parliament of. Religions, recently held in Chicago, representatives from every civilized nation, attended the Woman ' s Congress, thus giving evidence of the complete organizations and the deep interest felt in this most important move-- , ment. Of those attending, perhaps none acquitted themselves with greater credit than did the Women of Utah. There, by principles advanced, their audience was held spellbound, and so much interested did they be come that many sought further information through private interviews. It is well known that in some respects, the rights of Woman have been more generously conceded in our fair Territory than in any other part of the Union, probably of the world, and for that reason as well as others that rnigbt be given, we should be alive to every call that may improve our be reprepolitical status and qualify us to H. S. sentative women ol America. Provo. . most-.-rbv-sir- ip , d. . 1 : hoUSeS. "And when the stream, Which overflowed the soul, was passed away, A consciousness remained that it had left, Deposited upon the silent shore Of memory, images and precious thoughts, That shall not die, and cannot be destroyed." ' Edahoo. WOMAN. In Olive Schreiner's Book of Dreams, we find the following 1 stood looking over a vast plane: a personage stood by my side; in the distance I saw Man standing erect, looking wistfully into the future;, at his feet lay what appeared a beast of burden, indescribable, except that it was covered with the accumulated dust of ages. I turned to my guide for instruction: He said what you term a beast of burden is Woman. "Why does she not rise?" "She cannot.". Then I observed that she was bound with chains, and that the chains extended to the feet of the man: of this he seemed rWi ,w un-conscio- ns. Then by some unseen power her fetters were broken, and in her large expressive eyes I read the wish to be freestill she .... " 1 l-- remained motionless, weighted down uy uc There is no thine we rannot overcome Say not thy, evil instinct is inherited, Or that some trait unborn makes thy life forlorn, Back of thy parents and grandparents lies The great Eternal Will! - - co-labore- rs. - . A PLEA FOR MORE KINDNESS AMONG WOMEN. ' . . BY AtTA WITBECK. To every woman whose, eyes these words ise Kino 10 may reach, I would say: WOUIU mat my vuitt y0Ur OWn Sex. ends of the earth could reach the farthest why so unkind to when I write "Women " ' each other?" - - . That, too, is thine inheritance: Strong beautiful divine, Some Lever of Success for one who trie?." - And shall we not try to be more loving, more charitable? We are made of one clay, children of one Father, with common hopes and aspirations. Shall we not strive then to be known as women whose words and deeds are those of kindness to each other thereby getting for ourselves a reputation which says to- the world "Here is a gracious womanly woman pure in heart loving in nature, and. noble in character." . - "The Bombay Guardian , Dec. 23, reports the safe arrival of Dr. Kate Bushnell and Mrs. Elizabeth Andrew from England, enroute to Burmah and China. They attended and addressed the Bombay District Conference of the American Methodist Mission, then in session at Bombay. They were conducted by Mr. W. J. Gladwin and were invited to the platform by Bishop Thoburn, who formally .introduced them to the Conference," THE PUREST GIFT. In my heart are places many, Which I give to bless mankind Onefor sympathy, and pity, Patience too a home doth find, A home for thanks and gratitude "For mercies shown to me," Forgiveness may it claim its part, Wherever I may be. . A place for joy and sorrow each For fortitude and strength, That I may try to faithful be, And find that home at length. A little home for faith is there And generosity, And little faults, that I well know, Which never ought to be. Deep in the center of the heart, With all these gifts around, There is the. dearest gift of all ; That in the heart is found; -For there's the grandest power of all Which mortals class above ; All gifts on earth or heaven's land, That little word called love. ' ; . , Zina E. Crocheron. : 