! 04 WOMAN'S'- EXl'ONhNT. be about $9,000,000, , , of the largest and most magnificent 'in 'the world, was offered to the commission for the exhibition by the city of Philadelphia, and on the ioth of May, 1876, the Centennial Exposition was formally opened. The Indian question has occupied much of the time, attention and means of the nation since its first settlement by the white people, brought about in the majority" of cases by their avarice and injustice. In 1 864 there was a war with the Cheyennes; in 1873 the Modoc War occurred; in 1876 the memorable war with the Sioux Indians took place, when General Custer and nearly' all of his command were slain by Sitting Bull and his followers, and in 1877 a war occurred between Nez Perces Indians and the United States. Of . coarse the latter army being so much more powerful were conquerors, and the savages were driven from their legal "property ancj made more savage in feelings than before. Trouble began to arise between employers and employ-ees- a strike of railroad employees commenced in .'June, 1877, on the Baltimore and Ohio railroad and soon spread to most of the roads in the northern States, interrupting traffic for several years. In 1876 the Presidential election took place, and both the Republicans and Democrats claimed the victory, some of the voting having been done in an irregular and manner. Of course the unsatisfactory decision restea witn uongress, ana alter-lonand earnest debating it was agreed to refer the matter to a joint high commission composed of five members from the Senate, five from the House and five from the Supreme Court, and not 'till the second of March, 1877, was the election finally decided in favor of the Republican candidate, Rutherford B. Hayes, President.and William A. Wheeler, Vice President. One of the most importaut events in President Hayes' administration was the Civil Service Refoim law, one essential feature" being that no government officer should be allowed to take part in any political campaign. : . g , . OBITUARIES. Died Jan. 9th, 1894 at Levan, Juab Co., Esther Gardner, wite of George Gardner, in her 66th year, after a lingering illness of counsumption for many vears. She leaves a husband, three children, (boy and two girls,) and hosts of friends to mourn her de- '. , -parture. Sister Gardner has worked very faithfully in different departments of this Church. She took an active part in the Relief Society, when it was first organized, and acted as a teacher in the Sabbath School for over twenty years. When the Primary Association was first organized, she was setT apart as president, and from that time until she died, she has remained in that position, laboring very diligently for the duties with steady application, as long as her health would permit. bhe had succeeded, by her kind and winning suu iuvc ana respect 01 an tne wy children and died as she had always lived, honest and faithful to the gospel. The remains were taken to the meeting House, and the funeral took place Tan. 12th, and was conducted hv Bishop N. P. Rasmussen: lohn Ollerton. Tames vu!un, j. y. onepnera ana lunDridge made very appropriate remarks. The choir was also in attendance, and a song was sung by the Primary children. The remains were followed to the cemetery by her: family, relatives and many - - T- - : --.'- ,a,v-- - Dearest Esther sweetly sleeping, In the tomb she's laid to rest, But her spirit watch is keeping, For she dwells among the blest. : ... Dinah Ollerton, V Counselors. Annie Rasmusse: Levan Primary Association. in-teres- ted Mollis Mangleson, Secretary. lamented sister, Maria D. Chambers, who for several years prior to her death, held the position of first counselor to President Marianna Stratford, in the fourth Ward Relief Society, Ogden. She died Jan. 2nd, 1S94, aged fifty nine years, two months and fifteen days. It is only two short counselor months since we laid to rest our second -- our feelwe this, so that themore keenly second-bereaveme- .... - Deceased was a native of Manchester,Englahd, but soon after her marriage, she with her . hus- band, left their native land, to gather with the saints of God. They crossed the plains by ox team and endured all the hardships incident to such journeyings, arriving in Salt Lake City, Oct. 1853. In 1869 they settled in Ogden and have ever since made this city their home. She' joined the Fourth Ward Relief Society at its organization, which took place Jan. 17th, 1879, and was at tnat time called to be a teacher, a position which she faithfully filled until May 8th. 1883, when she was called to the office of second counselor; here again she labored with diligence until June 27th, 188S, at which time she was chosen first counselor which position she also honorably and faithfully filled until our Heavenly Father in His infinite wisdom called her hence, to a more exalted place. She was a noble woman and greatly endeared to all who were acquainted with her, but it was" in her own home that her life shone out with all the glory of true motherhood, and her death has left an aching void that can never be filled. Our society has lest a wise counselor, a firm advocate and a true friend, yet we know that our ? lossjs her eternal gain, and we therefore bow in umble submission to the will of our Heavenly Father, praying that the comforting influence of His holy spirit may rest down upon the bereaved family, and that they may ere long be able to see the ''silver lining" to the cloud that now hangs so heavily over them. - Isabella Horne, The Relief Society Stake Secretaries in all the several organized Stakes of Zion, and in branches of the Societyin this and other 7CountriesAvhcre there is no Stake organized should send in a yearly repoit for 1893 as soon asjossible to be compiled e coming April Conference, that each Society may have equal recognition. AH reports to be forwarded to this office, by order of the President, Zina P. H. Young. nt. for-th- - DR. MAGGIE G. SHIPP Will commence her next class In 16. . Office: 34 ' ' East 5lh Smith - Telephone 383. Will sell you any Shoe In their Mammoth Store at actual FACTORY COST PRICE. Commencing Monday January 29th and continuing for v 30 days. - DOW'T MI8S THIS " SAI.. 57 SOUTH MAIN ST. To the memory of our dear Sister find Counselor Maria D. Chamber s. fold the weary hands, ' Tenderly Carefully robe the sainted clay, Lovingly smooth the silken hair, Gently, peacefully lay her away. As we bringour floral offering, To place o'er the sainted dead. r' ;; DUNFORD'g OF LOVE. In her death we are all bereaved And our tears of sorrow shed, Ob- stetrics and Nursing on MondayVApril . A TRIBUTE President. REPORTS WANTED IMMEDIATELY. - . : : M. Again, Death with its relentless hand has visited our society and taken from our midst our death is passed, Her mission on earth is o'er. Henceforth for her brow is the victor's crown, In a home where death is no more. How nobly, how bravely she labored, How well her work is done; Her life, its duties, seemed all complete Ere the setting of life's sun. How tender she was at the couch of pain, How willing her sisters to bless; The poor felt her liberal hand in theirs; ..." Her works were of righteousness. Her counsels were fraught with wisdom, Her teachings were full of love, Her example will bear fruition That will follow her above. -r Tut; Conference of the Relief .Society of this Stake of Zion will be held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms in this Citv j Friday March 23, meetings as r usual at 10 a. in. and 2 p. m. commencing Bach Societv in the Stake should be represented by ts President or some other officers that all may be benefitted. Bishops and brethren are cordially invited to be present. Then cheer up and cease your weeping, She has reached that "happy shore," Where no grief and sickness enter And there's rest forevermore. Her work is finished . friends. RELIKK SOCIETY CONFKRKNCK. v i resting, Fiee from weary pain and car, v She rejoices in bright mansions; - With the just and righteous there.- - bj ly n Though her Fairinount Park, one T i iii 26, 28, 30and32 East 1st SouthSt., SALT LAKE CITY. -- Tfw Leading Retail Cash Housr, R:K; THOMAS , ' Today there is sorrow and mourning, , For the Joss of a mother's love; But list to the greetings yonder? Husband, Wife, reunited above. Be patient ye sons and daughters, Tread the path yout parents have trod - And your circle againVhall be complete ' ' In the mansions of our God. Majuanna Stratford, President ' Nellie Beecroft, Secretary. Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUIPOISE WAISTS, ETC. Dross ITraklns; In all its branches, Millinery Jatei aifd Bonnets cleaned and retrimmed Feather curled, etc Stamping: doro to order. But Special ons covered while you wait. Burial Salt styles, IlnU 1NO. Q 41 0. STBEET TEinPtE Stables. Opp. Gratft Bros. WEST ; 