V4- WOMAN'S it. Learn to. apply that you can apply knowledge. Qf course you understand a great deal of that kind of knowledge which applies inside of your own doors. I will consent to that without argument. I yield the point so far ?s you have been used, to ' domineeringis that too strong? Well, we that will "modify will say i the matter a little, but I wont much more than that. I suppose you inherit it. I desire to thank" v I find my time is up. rvou very much for your invitation, and for the patient manner in wnicn you have listened to me. I desire to join with youT this movement; and ;the time will come I live-- to see it when this question expect-t- o of sex will be. eliminated from our civil politics and neveragainbe revived. I hope I have worked for it, I to see that day. am still continuing to work for it, and. never yet voted against a measure that tended to promote this question.. I thank must now catch you for your attention,--- I my train. (Applause.) The next exercise was by Miss Babcock who recited, with fine effect, a poem en; having-doininio- n, come-dowj- -- ... V - 4 -- EXPONENT: now before Is titled f ! "A Woman's Question." To be Continued.' "u til iuuKea titnr--u- - "4 v. . ti tit ii :t w. r . l a-- w lor-ar- - i U1U. lieguKne ;trSt0 SoSd s. " Sarah - oo mduc ana me meeting adjourned 'till the 3rd Tuesday in March. ' ' M.'E. Irvine, Sec. ' BOUNTIl'UVW.: S,A. February 12th, atV'o'clock was the annual meeting of the Woman ' Suffrage Association of South Bountiful After some able speeches from various ones, the financial report was read and on motion was accepted. ... Mrs. Lucy A.Clark President of Davis Co. took the chair, while the organization was completed with Mrs. Mary A. Page, President, and Betsy J. Howard Secretary. WOMAN SUFFRAGE. A. . - WOMAN SUFFRAGE COLUMN. t a VUIC. . S. L. CO. v. u many magnificent schemes, social, political and is' "Claimed to be because the Had mid ten """" iw uecome an Amri rightsreligions and powers of one, half the human race (namely that of the women) have been " ignored. rTer- - Resident K. B. t Everything to work properly must be -equally balanbed. One scarcely need glance aUd the ot- hRanged satis,. .into politics to be assured of the corruption thereof. Then ask Wyoming about woman The chairman then called for speeches, Suffrage. Wherever 'woman is permitted . c. K. Wells made a motion that Dr to go her influence is felt for refinement, and Wrguson receive a vote Ofthanks for the Wyoming stands as an example for part she Jook'in the debate. The chairman today . .t thought nil cnfT.V i jdl the StatesandJTerritories. to tile, - J - Written for the Davis Co. Convention. A. Howard. R. S. & P. A. REPORTS. The Relief Society of South Bountiful held an extra meeting Feb. 12 Very instructive remarks were made by President Susan Grant and Counselor of the Davis Stake. Sisters Elizabeth J. Stevenson and Carrie E Dye from Salt Lake ;City addressed the audience (which was large) explaining in an interesting way many duties that rest' on us as wives and mothers. Counselor Hyrum Grant of the Stake Presidency, spoke of the good the Society is doing and themagnitude of the work the sisters are engaged in. Bishop Richard E, Egan encouraged the society of South Bountiful to keep on, and not tire, in well doing. He had greatly appreciated their labors in the" past. Meeting adjourned, all feeling to rejoice greatly in the good things they had heard. Sarah A. Howard, Prest. Mary A. Page, Sec, ' The Woman Suffrage Association of Min utus of W, S . A. held Feb. 20th, at the residence of Mrs. McCune 270 W. Utah, like all other associations, has its ob . South Temple, 1 st, Vice President Eardley ject in. view which is the enfranchisement in the chair. Sang "Raise the Flag." of all women. Women are the. mothers, UTAH PRIMARY CONFERENCE." Prayer by M. W. Wilcox. Sang "Awake wives, sisters and daughters of men, and oh ye daughters ' Roll call, minutes read speaking of them universally their minds The Primary Association of Utah Stake ajd accepted. Paper read by Mary A. are equally as strong and perceptible. We Freeze entitled ' 'A Jubilee Poem, ' ' second are all the children of Adam "and Eve, and met in conference at Provo, on Thursday Vice President E M. Price gave a very in the second chapter of Genesis we are February 22nd, 1894 An officers meetGod told that said it is not good that man ing was held at ten o'clock, at which vereloquent lecture on Statesmanship, showing be should alone and so created woman for a bal reports of the different Association were Queen Elizabeth' of England to have been possessed of rare ability in the line, though helpmeet for him, now do you think he given by the Ward Presidents. Conference convened at 2 o'clock. The Mrs. E. J. Lyon sang would have created an inferior being- for a only a woman. who or leet for was had , program man, Hard rimes." Reading. Josiah Allen's good and reflected great credit companion in of the been created ladies who teach the children, as and the God, image upon Allegory on Woman's . Rights," by M.E. a well as the diligence and capacity of the liassett. Territorial President E. B. Wells where is the maq that, today would marry made a brief speech especially commended wife he thought inferior to himselfV This children themselves; the' main feature of to the human race, for the program was the following poem, com-- : would be the lecture given by Mrs. Price, and men were this degrading the case man woulu De supenor posed by, Mrs. Sarah Goodman, and dictated uoned topics suitable for the meetings -recommended" speaking without papers as to his own offspring. The idea that it is to the memory of our beloved. President, educated is Sister Annie K. Smoot. not necessary for girls to-good practice. v There's a love that we owe to An.iie K. S auo.,' Ter. Vice President Mrs. Richards was gradually dying. and tutors Kor instructions and teachings to us here below, who mother The brings up gratified to hear Mrs. Price's lecture; also to has left us and gone to the realms up jn high, She in to walk the notice that she gave it without notes, spoke her children to love freedom, will follow her works with God in the sky. She ot a club to which she' belonged where the paths of morality, should be an educated ' woman; here comes in equality in education Oft times we enjoyed the sweet spirit of God use of manuscript was prohibited. Refered and we believe in equality before the law. Then we met her in counsel in labors of love, 10 the debate of She was noble in action and kind when she'd Sunday evening on no but fathers its at has nation The present man suffrage. speak, a Dr. Fereuson Thought o o " women have had the She enjoyed God's spirit with the humble and Wherever mothers. very able advocate heard mainv sav that meek. ballot they have used it in the interests of they were well pleased with her arguments. the gambling Annie K. was a teacher of light Felt when she (Mrs. Richards) received the home and against the saloons, To the Primary children with memory bright, houses. and the haunts of infamy. All who She Democrat -loved and blest them and taught them the the invitation, to speak before the of burdens the in govern assist bearing ., truth Club that it was interested in the subject, had and in its in share should a. their privileges For guide to memory, while traveling in ment, bem told by were Utah if that to. Legislators, youth. the oroeress of civilization, we expect a State, women should have the suffrage. and Oh Father in Heaven help us to endure see this come along; justice inequality Teiv Prest. E. B. Wells thought our great- finnalitv is iustice. It is a principle oi our The loss of a sister, whom we almost adore, est opposition would come from women taxation must not be with-- " She was earnest in duty and now she ofis called that To the region of bliss with the Saints the Lord .. themselves. Thought we should have to o ir wumcu 11 out uuxuiiig representation. vvurK ard to convert them. tri hf taxed it follows that wo- - MavGod bless her counsel who stood bv her side Or. Ferguson said she would rather talk he reoresented bv their votes. In transaction of duty with God for their guide, Jif",,;,, of intelligent work 10 those overwho oppose, would like to law should have And the many sweettohours ruled are by who Those the chuuren on earth. gave to come their what shall be line They humbly prejudices, we ought to try get them to our meetings, something might Women are Farewell dear departed thou hast taken thy flight who the lawand Fo dwell with the righteous in the Mansion of. said that would help to allay their opn men and .... ., aS muCfl luieicoK-- u in" light, j position We ask thy kind visits to enlighten our minds ; are entitled to representation. r Dr. Mattie H. Cannon, said she was inso 01 me That we may prove faithful to the end of our time. cause ot ianure One principal about terested in our cause, came to hear . . : - be . ( " ... ....... law-maker- , 1- -:y-: :,rto1 ua: s. ipo-ic1utin- n . 