WOMAN S EXPONENT 106 worth hours of study and contempla; Amusing Chronicle" and "A Qood Hand" American, wholesome and healthy as a,' here . tion. whole. were little gtn's,and brought a smile no mat' Seinieradsky's "Christ At The Home Of Of course my special interest centered on ter how tirecLone .might be, "The Good Hand" especially. The bid man holds a the Private and Art Loan collection, which Lazarus" was ar beautiful picture, restful first rate hcnd at cards and cannot keep was a rare chance to see at home what I and lovely 'to look upon. The sunlight back the grin of satisfaction.1 The perfect had small chance of seeing abroad. In the filtering through the arbor at the side of the house and on the figure of Martha as with detail from the face of the man to the finger Art Loan Collection I was greatly disapimpatience written on her face, she walks tips is wonderfully well worked out. "The pointed not to find some of the Old Masters, toward Tesus and' fnr but nevertheless there were many master- down the- steos 4 U1J Amusing Chronicle' ' has caused the comsit the .dove who schools. later The of conversing, cooing and fortable looking old priest, to forget pieces near. The white an was feeding T. Rousseau's "Near Barbizon" light of the mouthful he was carrying to his lips, coolness the the of; arbor, fhesup-Orient, and while he holds the pamphlet in one hand exquisite landscape. a of and gestion gentle breeze, which seems to he throws' back his head and laughs right1 Corrot, Millet, Troyon, Messonier, leaves as you 'gaze, with just merrily, the other hand still poised half many more were there, The pathos of move the way to his mouth. They are tiny canvases Millet's style was beautifully expressed in. color enough in the drapery of the figures but so perfect in detail, that you see as it "The Man With The Hoe" and "Bringing to light up the dead white, was verv were the whole scene of the story, though Home'The Calf." The poetry of Corrot 'beautiful. There was always a crowd of admirers before this truly religious picture in "The Dance of the Nymphs," "Evenin both, but a part of each is suggested. . l i ' t .iinc. tir ' "The Path To The a t.uuuumg, me xu an wuinau Village, ing, display "The Roll Call" by Lady Butler, said to his creditable. most us was others several the and "mural Among gave "Orpheus," be the most celebrated painting by a wo - tones and beautiful the hall was a frieze decorations, rich misty grand at man, unless we except. Rose Bonheur's soft, of American each end 's Mrs. ; Troyon women, painted by poetical pictures, "Horse Fair." we find in the English de beautiful McMonnies and was Casset. The former Home" which ,a Miss, "Going partment, of course. example were there to the number of four, shows a sure hand and true conception of I had hoped to enjoy greatly Sir Frederick all decorative art; a fresh and pure imagination, rich in tone and ideally lovely. Leighton's paintings, and I must say I was Cazin's "Elsinore," the home of Hamlet, and accords well with the idea of the builddisappointed in them. No doubt it wras was an exquisite little piece, of castle walls ing intellectually and artistically considered. lack of culture or knowledge, I am free to and moat with back ground of dark cypress Miss Casset's, with its crude- - greens and admit it, but I failed to be impressed by blues, is not so pleasing to my eye, nor giving the effect of loneliness. "Midnight-either the power, or drawing, or1 coloring, trees, another was does it harmonize in thought with the rest Moonlight; Abbey ville, in his "Hercules Wrestling With Death For of the decorations, .tho' the border is of his I greatly admired. The Body of Alcestes." His "Perseus" ' ' And Constable's 'Shepherd Flock, . beautifully painted, the children charming. and "Andromeda" was more to my taste, a John with scene splendid The sarcasm implied in the panel where the charming pastoral though the former was called "the1 paint perspective. The church is seen far in the figure of "Fame" is pursued by women ing in the English department. His bronze distance. And, oh, so many more I feasted and geese, is anything but" flattering to a piece, "The Sluggard" was very finer' His Woman's Building; but I suppose we must Garden of Hespendes' is beautiful in my eyes upon. for a few words on the Russian take into consideration, the faci, that Miss And now gorgeous effect of color, and of course the department, the one where I found what, Casset is an apostle of "Impressionism" three girls guarding the golden apple, are to "an of most were the and this me, interesting pictures exponent, of the art. perfectly drawn, but their drapery is stiff all, with the of some in The library with its ceiling and graceful exception perhaps and ungraceful. the Art Loan Collection, but certainly ol decoration, is a work of art in the hiVhest "Two Little Home Rulers," sons of the the modern schools, the pictures I liked the type. "The color of the room is its crown-bes- t. Earl of Aberdeen; dressed in the Irish This department I visited first and ing chann, being a subtle play of water costume and seated in a wheel barrow, here I at the close of my last day tints of greens, green browns, blue greens which stands in the midst of a potato field:' at the lingered Fair. So often we see pictures of and brown blues, intermingling as they do fellows mischievous little very bright they Moses as a pretty little babe in his basket of in nature and with the same quiet restful-nes- s look, and a charming study for! portraits. of effect. The Jiarmonious coloring rushes, but in Ashnazy s "Parents of Sir John Millais "Bubbles," attracted Moses" we see his home; a most d pathetic the graceful grouping and thought me. Of course we are all familiar with it to be to sure the in me; the beautiful picture omnipresent ceiling of the library, (more is the pity) from its having been little Moses is here too, in his little basket, show us the'possibilities of a most successrpnrnHiirfrl ns an a A rprtiofmfnt nf ' 'Ppsrc where the loving hands of his heart broken ful future in Mrs. Wheeler's chosen profesSoap, " but the sweetness of the beautiful Mother have placed him, as a last resort to sion. blonde child's expression, and the perfectly save his Marie BashkirtsefPs painting of 'Jean and precious life. All the Mother love so and fresh, are is in her face and the agony of trusting his delightful coloring pure Jeaques" attracted much attention. The The bubbles, too, look as charming. frail to the basket; but the de little brothers are preciousness natural and cunning, though a breath would bnrst them. It is termination to try it rather than suffer the and it is a wellvery painted and , pleasing altogether a lovely picture. more terrible his little picture. Here too we, have samples of I was greatly impressed with the beauty head, of death. The Father sits looking Queen Victoria's artistic talent, as well as and naturalness of the modern paintings of on with clenched hands and lines of agony that of some of her children. I was not the Virgin, especially charming are our in his face. The interior of the room and The pencil impressed with her work. The of "The are the but the "Lady Angels," Virgin's figures Egyptian, yearning sketch of her little terrier, was only a Home" "The Virgin's Thread," Thayer's agony in the Mother's face, is simply few lines suggesting, a dog,1 and might have "The Virgin Enthroned," and Gabriel human. tfeen done any school child. The head and Child, ' ' and Max's "Madonna Constantin Makovsky's "Brides Attire" of n Eastby Indian in water color, the "The Annunciation" by Pearce. was wonderfully rich in color and detail. Queen's Indian Secretary, was very good. Certainly my appreciation of art and The eager expression of the groom, desirous Six Sketches water color, views from her beanty have been greatly widened by what of entering the door, but kept back by the window at Balmoral and one or two more, I saw .at the Great Fair, and I did not, mother s hand was a quiet bit of humor mall water color and sketches, of no could not, look at the display in a captious The picture was full of happiness. The merit whatever so far pencil as I could see, except III- n - cii hj k j uuiku ixuvx unci. a. i: spirit. I was too happy to have the privas the work 6T a Queen. ' Princess ilege of wandering among the treasures, to ingly idgal couple, and delicate and refined Christian's work, however, had some do aught but enjoy, and skip those parts I in color. merit. In fact a picture in oil of an old did not fancy. Nor was I like some poor Aviagovosky's "Santa Maria On Its castle with sunset sky effect was very ' ' when to for down the America, Way always looking Columbus, dyspeptic during clever. The paintings of Princess Louise debris of lunch or litter of a crowd, but a heavy storm, was surrounded by his reand Beatrice wrere worth looking at; but . . i T t volting ere?; the incessant motion of the their mamma hnd tin rnnrp tnlent than a and beautiful about me. .i' waves, the conflict of the winds and waters, school first attempts. I have no ' The French exhibition seemed to me to the battle of the clouds, the meeting of the doubt 'girl's the Queen would feel badly could be strongly and largely voluptuous and sky and ocean on. the sunlight horizon, and she know my opinions; but as there is no sensuous, j The English , simple and pure, the breaking of the storm, where the light or as one writer expressesit, "Wethank the strikes across the ship in a rainbow of possibility of her coming to such knowledge I feel free to give my honest impressions. English for having painted the nursery, promise, are wonderfully impressive. Of the "Impressionists, "with their crude There were a large number of picture? where the French paint the harem. The blues, greens and lavenders, dashed on the " ' - . -- , , r the-daint- y ' . . 1 per-pective- s. , . 1 '- 4 . "dis-playe- . one-hanging-- over , . . . - -- 1 1 1 1 1 . 1 " , A Ml A . r : . 