J) - T- - r., XvoNIE rx pon N t nmIi:iilla.-say-Mr- Jennings . . M'iiUsoTOciVrlFsariisii-i- v injr4XTC-ca- n cnt-crta- hether-Vfo- v oiu or. f . on, nand wre instructive- remaisk ... - . ! 2o, litat-jHHH- t- . w iuvu . KuinaiHi.Aaunu joiuui A fe w ikh see( s "iJauiei in me moiis.:.i.l.,f:L "Snvi!iL' inttrni . i .1.. ii !. i,t liinif t - rn iiv a i , .: "Childref .Israel ed by Jus hua, m - M.-- i j- , - - r i : si-- . s. "young are always njojyable.;; ; Her magum 4 kaferSSrt? di'Urarjr- werthdccor Iwiitldrasviug- - roonVa iy-,, which the congregation saur l ie "--. .ated with florsmostly 'chrvsantUsraums led-aite'which "made the elegant- nwius still more Lubte Nball; blister: was evidently' de-- hostess iThe charming. Mf S .. . . ... . .. ,sifovw iy nave every one-- ..enjoy., iierstu,-luenTWrCuiade and tin general and local 1 ' tu attend in accomplish her .puroiheers were sustained.- The children sang roup-tanotnerauq largely as "ilie anniiii?ikis, counsel ijive'n "Dare to do right" and prayer was offered entering into' conversation lively and serious- 011 account of .the financial crisis existing ,by.a 'little- girl Julia.' Thils close"d the as the case uiigjat be It is scarcely possible anions: tnem, nence ine cause oi ouriwu-- . most-enjable conference yet The' lars:e and Terence not being asljufge asjus but the largest - and fa describete.' Wrj." children ot these Islands. the ... :x.oi,nt liield 'among . r r pleasant dining room was fiHed witji small saine Z spirit or beneolence so 01 m to ine leit all. and nope rejoice present tables set for fianir or six injhe very.dain-ties- t' among the sisters in religious assemblies Israel and mai . expressions of satisfaction it was. and cosiest style and- at each place was felt by those present-an- d the were made concerning the progress of ' a. success" spiritualty. ."T"7" v chrysanthemums tied with, pretty white ribv little folks; bon, a souvenir to keep in remembrance ot .Primary Co?iJerc?ice the pleasant afternoon. Toung girls fresh The Fair. . and the" and beautiful ladies, upon Brighter beamed thetoji-tfi'e-inoniiiig The and serene the hostess ig-PPfredAhat the j gathered was mission tea iiot" waier-orTliravjiibpeii;a ndBl Hvtnirvitano view cnocoiaie, wnicn to pVepareJ:o. march honte ' of the childreih A splendid the hand-work served to the forty ihvj ted guests, The hot red and 011 blue, pf badges display met the eye, and praise reflected c rollsr ovjsterTpatties, and other luxuries,' TiiigefrrhTied letters white in words the "Ilui ' bearing were warmly appreciated and elaborately Kamalii" upon all who had taken part, and the neat-- ; ' more o'clock and .tlian by 9:30 was commendable, a praised; as well as the;. dessert of the" one hundred, bright happy faxes;; were ness few of the novel designed quilts which the choicest- cakes, candies ap;d fruits. Mrs. the meeting house. Indeed towards turned native sisters arerso expertTirinaking added Frank Jehniiigs favored the ladies With' it was a brilliant of colors, and in display ; much to the exhibit. some, musical selections while at table, and f and intelligent atlhe eyes looking sparkling after their return to the parlors, which added J faces of. the little different in Although in some resjK-ctones, the thought natnral- deto of the this enjoyment very greatly "The Primary will class of work the quality and variety would ly suggests itself. old ladies lightful be the educator of the future Hawaiians compare very favorably with those more accustomed to iLihis kind The" in this church.'.'. which were received from entrance When seated the children occupied the proceeds fees, have aided materially in obtaining R. S AND P. A. REPORTS. entire centre of the house the smaller childbooks for the primary work and we are now ren in. advance of the older, a ' large platprepared" to, do more good' than we otherHAWAIIAN ISLANDS. form was arranged in front of the pulpit, wise could have done through lack of and covered - with Hawaiian matting, on Hawaiian Jlelief SocietyConference. which the children stood to recite. Meeting material tto work with. ' K. D. N. Islands: The morning air at Lanihule on wasthe door : by singing opened "Open fanned-ba variety of for the children." October 5U1 was prayer was offered by made and the flags neatly bearing Kekoa a girl from Honolulu, Singing the. ' of DAVIS STAKE. expressions inspired Joseph Prophet "Around the throne of God in heaven." ..... of the sisters in this relative, to the labors from read were two the associations; Reports Minutes of Relief Society Conference of, church. ; Laie and Honolulu, showing that " each had Davis Stake, held.at Kaysville, Oct. 19th, vMore than one hundred sisters formed in a liVHyyjqrkuring the past-t.erpreformed lineaud marched to tjKMntingliouseJ"ull'-enthuse- d Both societies when called with theTniportance of the event, with' an appropriate sentiment.responded On the stand-witPresident Susan Grant "Tp' viz, thir general conference. Little Welcomes" was given by and, her Counselors were Apostle F. D. After the usual opeiyj exercises,' readNonnie Koall and Leialoha. An address of Richards and w4fe, Sarah M. Kimball, in of which etc., ing, reports twenty welcome by John Wahilahi, a little boy oH Mary A1FrgezeaPresideiil H societiesvere represented; Sister lidnolulu,-- was highly commented Grant and others. on Counselor Hyrum upon Noall-mad' afejyiopeningrreinarkspprb account of the spirited manner in which it President Susan Grant presiding. Meet- ' lor ' the occasion. 1. Twelve of the was i! w ere askea .on.. ing opened, by singingr"Come let us anew" uebiions" gi en. societies were represented verbally by their Pra-e- r "Good Behavior" and" were promptly ansby President Hess. Singing, "We or Intertheir, representatives. presidents wered by aU the children. An A. B. C. thank thee O God for a Prophet" etc. between these the spersed were.songs-band recitation was given by Kikila, a Minutes of the forenoon meeting of the native Visters and a duet .by sisters Laura song dialogue "When I'm a Man" was rendered previous conference were read and approved. Fisher and Phtcbe Scholes. Words of ineleven of the: older boys, follow-e- d President Grant niadeopening remarksin struction and encouragement were given by nicely by -- whiehrshe said she felt greatly blessed in byjmgin sisters Alice Harmon and LajiraIiisl;eF- and sistets;with; us and without ceasing' ' translated hayingour-brother- s iaToguPray Jkxniy-IhHaiiWu- e on the subrother-Richards that in native, was giyenby-Honolu-lu here aged Apostle diildfen7 one of a ject of a testimony of the truth and with was satisfied we us, would be built up songiby :Iva- and Hattie"KekukuV was the. ..aids Kal u a pa laoa spoke on ' the suband at this conference. rendered nicely. Several other dialogues strengthened ject of" the laying on of hands, for the healwere translated on the subject of "Meeting Sister Jane S. Richards,' "I am thankful ing c the sick. Sister Lizzie Brown gave day V "Sabbath',' I was learnt to be obedient while I was "Smoking" etc., which 'words of counsel. Sister Makanoe read-seem to have much more effect on the minds young; tliat respond when called letter of condolence containing: resolutions .of the children than when rendered in ' I the on, ask your faith and prayers, we are of respect for Sister Maulani Kea, one of ' The Lord's prayer .was living in a day when there is much to do. our central. officers here, who departed this Knglish language. a little gitls in a kneel I am pleased to see Sister Kimball here; life September 25th. Sister oall spoke of sung by numbei;of attitude. The Ten Commandments we should all feel the. object of the society, the duty of its ing energetical attendirg recited were a Chinese boy. DiaAhl our by is it as niuth for them meetings, just officers, members etc. , referred to those on "Obedience" by Tillie Brown that don't hold logue office as them that do." who were not so zealously engaged in this Vera and Nonnie Noalk Original; song by Spoke about the Relief Society ofNauvoo, work as formerly, and' encouraged all to a the Honolulu children, a other was exer"I member of liiauy it," also spoke about renewal of diligence iir keeping God's cises such as. dialogues, bible and recitations, "obedience, our homes happy, commandments'. r verses etc, were given, but onbfahe most my. rliome is ' making heaven.. Sisters go on my The report, from .twenty societies, (ten instructive and features to and pleasing both comfort those doing good not being represented) shows, members that are cast down I God ask tqbless you and me, so that asl. on .han.l a- t494. meetings help and which were credit- - when we are called on to date of. last report, i67)85, cash received Liv pass behind the rendered bv the children. The follow veil wronJt we have for disbursed v" charitable pUrMSes any regrets." $208,40, - ine Drancnes ot the ing are a few of thrsM)jects of the stories Society of South oicehe 3fi,:!. -- " A.. p-- r 7 , ( ' . . . d Uvas-oftere- :'UyS . ., . : o - - . oy .... I . ' - x -- pro-jiounc- ed -- : '" ' - ; ' ' . . . ed w-ait- -- - - -- . . ' -- ; - -- ' '.' - - . s old-fashione- tea-part- d, y. : -- of-wo- -- rk: . V - y . . m. m. - " dif--fere- ; . nt ess-and-- his e 1 I '. - 5 ' y -B- : . irwlfI a . r , . . -- . . . . - ngjnnBiil 2 ; 