T7'r .j-- 19B atis;nou 1 4 he praeticcTDi : iierxhoseu profession. names am Miss. Sarah"Reed, Rich Co., , -- Iiss-- J Thejher j m, rp, ? id Ul rWt 1 . " j TWa u-- ' : ri-h- ; .Kav.lenssfuiln their . rovsTnp-tW;pproved- -- t'to ' - ;J . deny 'that in many cases wowAaaj t'fcd home' bv the tor the Counselor H M. 'Sweat'of tlieir brow do. they eat. bread,' "'those n:esenLS3he faith and pray trs-othe:me or .the knowledge theyhavt gaitiedr that" the children owe their ,edueation,4heif , that they may be a 6 the" felt S'cry'AveaklTbut: still ftlt to tbank the cad blessing wherever their l clothingrihe- - roof ove r tkei " all have trials, 7 'services mar-bvou do. not Lordvfor rcqiiircdfT"-work of thought they were sent for our purificamen of the state represent the woConference of the ask-th"Tin: tion and for a wise purpose. '.'" s men .when they have no one' to carina Church of Jesus, Christ of Latter-daSisters K. WebbK. Pixtoii, KC. for, the children yvho- a re deprived by Jints.held this month was in all respects L. I)'.; Alder, addressed the The aV death of a father. or descried by a worthless satisfactory .and encouraging. :upon' the topics discussed was numerous and the teaching husband; but only when you come to the r tendance-e" irn" ahd.insfruction all tended in the- direction edge of the RuWconwhere toil is merged by-'- pre viotisperikeTST-aridrrged-thin faith sickness, and of spiritual, uplifting and comforting to all "intcTprivilege, and penalties jars over into poitatice of having" who desire to keep" the command nients 6t po wer; di you say to the woman 'yStand--back: not deluding tooanuch upon doctors ""President Home N41 her closing address thus'fiir and'no farfherl.v G od , and in temporal - matters in the estabsaid we should let the things we. had heard lishment, and sustaining- of such sink-deein our hearts, and feel thankful as would be- - instrumental-ifor the privilege of taking part in the Gos-peR'. S. RlvPORTS. ' building up Home institutions and manulaud dwelt upon the importanceof factories that would give employment - to--' children while young; Urged the SALT I.AKK STAKK. those in need of work and make the people sisters of the Relief Society in all; its " Conference" of-t-he Some very impressive self supporting. Relief branches to be The Quarterly prepared to take care oT the j counsel was5 ci ven in regard tto the obser-- ' Society of the' Slit Lake Stake convened in poor through the. coining winter that none vance of Fast days and also upon the Word the. Assembly Hall Sept. 1S94. 21st, Also thought,, the- Relief suffer. ; .of Wisdom , and - the -- spirit of God-w- as President M. I. Home presiding... On the might an .'effort tcr have an poured out in rich abundance upon 'the stand with the President were "her Aids, Society should make atthe' Territorial Fair.: speakers and the immense congregations Julia G. Howe and Lydia D. Alder and appropriate exhibit Conference was adjourned for three assembled to listen. Oii Sunday Oct. 7th, other ladies. Meeting opened with sing" months. the last day of the Conference the people Singing, "Doxology." I3euedic- "O happy souls; who pray, " etc. tion ing, ': could not all be. accom modated with seats; by Sister. Diana Reed. ; Prayer, by Sister Julia Pack . Si ngiug 'For Klla W. Hyde, Asst. Sec; or even standing room, notwithstanding the of the hills we bless Thee." strength there was! an overflow meeting in the AsMinutes of previous" conference" (mornhig P.EAVKK STAKE. after the Tabernacle had Hall, sembly large session) read and approved. .' Roll called, been crowded. "'The "spirit of the Confer- - thirty-ninbranches being represented, of Relief Society Conference eiiee l augurs well for the future of Zion without of Beaver Stake held in Beaver City, Sep. . leaving eight representation. the great' interest of the Latter-da- y President Home gave special instruction 14th, 1 894. Conference called to order by .Saints who live at long distances from the in to the time and manner of making President Lucinda Hqwd. Singing, "Now 1 Centre Stake, .vvha,many of them travel at Outregard reports. Spoke at some length on the let4 us rejoice, etc. Prayer by Patriarch greatExpense and inconvenience, that they subject of Home Industry, and the imporDaniel Tyler. Singing, Come all ye Saints may hear the words of life, and salvation tance of patronizing the Woman's Store'felt Zion, etc. President Howd yas pleased tf from the' lips of servants of the Lord at of its being a success . ..The conference.-Thoughto these great Coiderences of . th'e Church, and - hopeful Irom the excursion had helped "it thatnothingj c,arry home with them- the spirit, and a ioriceep ',us at liornQ; on. these occasions; yonjHujiyel assisted in getting up the 'excursion. said-it- joojoJLU was also pleased to announce that President lu umqauu us a guiue iu iueir lives 111 tlie , Ziha D. Vouhg and Sister K. B. Wells were. .... ...... , ot the same. gavea report Spoke of the with' us and would trive,. .lis.irood instruc- - evils of and pointed .out ahe "tious. of i)revious conference 1 in; A or th- - A men' "cTuTies. resting upon us, dwelling ezv lox Uct. read" and aonroved President R. W. especially Contains a bright and argumentative oil the importance of mothers watching over of Beaver Tyler reported the Relief Society articled by Lady HenrSornerseUeiititledv their childrennd guarding them from, the of this'place as in good condition financially I lie Renaissance ot W omen . ' ' " Th vices and evils that'are so prevalent. and spiritually. The; e are about. One hun- so broacl so is and clear Sister' Lydia D. Alder Was pleased with that we reasoning and seventv. members' Hold meet to had we 'the it, the space delight republish report that had been, given of the exings three; times a month and we are and power, but we hope most of threaders cursion . Spoke chiefly, on Home. Industry of the IxroNKxr epecialt tlio'se interested jmdIheVmafttOTeT-"..Co Ve.are United in 6ur4abors and are :LanSullrage-nnght-readir"We quote sisters to live as saihtS'orGod; because' Wf tryfug. to perform our duties. President lir t r ti rr twrnrrrit1i .n.i J .1 us with take anu the record we we iruiu make in ilia: luuui.iuj, i,a'afe.''M'ii this; Mary Davis reported the Relief Society of may juuge tne pleasing and commencing Greenville Ward as being united in their st vie of the article. C. Sister Howe Julia was pleased with labors.. Counselor Lydia McKnight . t iti ioeneve mat woman should vote be-- J the timely advice that-- ' had been given, the Relief Society -- of Minersyiile. ciuse she is a different being and always spoke of the evil results of being negligent We try to feed the hungry7 and clothe the will have a different workrta do in luirom hi our duties, continued the subject of naked. We ... ' "in the gospel and the a divme tnil-- tn .Home Industry and "gave good advice in, 4 testimonies ofrejoice each" otlier nnd have, good ' amiphsh, you entrust her with the most regard to the care of children. , times in our v meetings. sacred duty on earth; you ask her to Lnve- Sister .Mary JS. Irvhe made interesting-remarPresident "Zina D. H. Young then adthe nation her. children; you ask her to nur- on obedience, and" the necessity dressed the sisters in a very affectionate a'ld tureaud care lor niiem; you ask her to fl over our children and teaching impressive manner. "I am thankful to see into their minds the. holiest aspirations them correct principles.Meeting adjourned your faces once, 'more. We are all 'dethat are to ho. their guide itifter life; you uuiu p. Satan's on indulging, our empire long pendent Heavenly Father for ask her,, with all her experience and 'judghas flourished, "ect. Eenedictioti all our labors." .Explained how by Sister ment, to Kvok. upon the world with -Elvira S. Hurst. we are sanctified and justified through .many social evils that her niothei's eyes'are SESsibN:-- On aernoon the stand keepiiig the whole law of Clirist. Faith is swift to see while yoursare blinded; tiud with President Home was her Counselor our guiding star and we should live for it. then you ask; her to believe" that it- - is H. M. ; her Aids and- others Whitney, Spoke of her! visit to. Canada and of the justice' that her voice should be silent, Jier Opened with singhig7Ilow firm a foundagifts and blessings of the gospel enjoyed by L r ; L; J Wlvvsked ; f e Semi-anim- . rh st their-mbther's-ha- .. . ndsr e al s M " liv-rn- y : g Claw-sonau- d iing . - " -- -.- " - home-industrie- s, n l train-jng.o- ur . . - .. -- i - -- - . . . . .' Ad e .and-show- - s - : . . pro--"cee- -- ds meetvitlrthe77iJir t " - '. ' . fault-findin- g . . ' . -- stiidy-4nhiiirei- i- E air: I 1" I I . . - . i " 1 " re-port- ed -- , - -- . . ' ar- " 4iat-ejf-TrrTTeT- . ks of-watchi- in--st- ng ' - ' 'in 1 -- u' uunK;uuu(i - inrl whtmi , vati declare that.meii and Ringing, . . v YoU ask.heiita- - U1 or a UTOpueL-.iiiMmen alone Tin n SI re prcscri t ip. , j c xu sit thmnnii lomr" wearv.niirhts "rockiiiiT the conference (atternoon session; ' read ana. . -. West f Tu'rn'erV, jvcradle, but vlien the" cliild r "Elizabeth President Horne vras:pleased wi b the Mrs. manhood vou ,sav that'she hasTncv eased attendances biated it Jiallbeen that make for. the, r ' t Sa iiete"Cor " ilrfcjlary-- A iaiir- - SalCTbike Co. that tliey interests of aidn-power- lt fe -- - -- 1 ' 