J NDTKS-- : OF, W.-S'- "" !f!t .wit Iron f husb.ind and father, the men ' Sister j having gone jn the Mormon Battalion. how to; assist to know' waT often at 'a l for tin destitute but invitation arrived at" they never id any one go from their door hungry, tile 4;2p iraill IO UOIU aTr ihc ujiu always opaicu uim vvrr A. AVnXAJU . -- ; Freeze bv s Winara Jlny-2- 0 s OH vrtjf--fwvH- . iJlLl; : stay with one or, Jaer uausrnters lister;- - tsaci Cooley of .MeiK3on,Cache Co. , she had tbe oppor-tunu- y of attending; the dedication services in the; Oilier navmg an eiijuyauie imicaii au- - cn!, i.aj.e Trmn!e which had alwavs been jburnedjcrtlie: tabeniaele ZwKrearmblie-- promised to her: to see the 'Temple ; completed, this was the happiest day of her life and sheremeeting was held. great The ladies with veryarge looked greatly Sister Own was a woman of faith and sterling integrity and she leaves a name interested and appreciative audience-- man , and meni6ry long indi afiVcrionately to be : . f cherished by her num;erous posterity genuemen oeing present, Brother Cooa died some years previous leavmg The meetinir opened about 8 : 0 with a widow, but she has goite to join him and o er President Lottie Ilubbard in the chair there reunion. Singing, .Help the . Working, .Women, r- sister Coon rlytwd hundred children children to Prayer b'y ;Brotherr. Biej?ertp loss. life this mourn after much She her departed iiig'Wonian Arise!' Mrs! M. A. Freeze wu.. was tlie tiret soeatcer. , iraid we are ail the residence of her at loYtitudeHan; itt-ocf15794, or 'cuAUttU7i77r,T cause Vw kvu II ' tc, h da ti s t e rrS is e r; Frances H a rdrrrajr" PFeasa nt- . -our sunrage;--iroassociationju tiiese great- Green, Salt Lake County Utah, V Blessed are - the dead that die in the Lord, yea, they re.st from are privileged-t- o Ave organizations,. with most educated and refined women of dieir labors and their works do follow them." 1 - . : were-greete- H,ir...i Y SIt Lake: jO p. in, J?liiiiy exempt 8uti4iy. . OIseirsTOrefieStra . liT 'ftttendanceevcry" afternoon and evening.Farc round trip ) s h. if. ciark,v,;4 d V Oliver W. Mmk, E, EHei'y Aiiir?i, DE.::BURL'EY- . Gcn. - - - ll The lttv.Txmv tfTlImh iro8co and 'Settled i6thr Ward in this City, where they.remamed..A; jidence of serveat in. 'tiieTesideiit ? where iitncii-.jjva- s Iionorof their coming,- - by the.vW, S. A..' I il l, .iv1 c..!- r: v- f . . i , John - W. K'viv-r-i- . A&t- - J. ; ;' I.iarie,; : D. Pa'. - 3(tef . jyj'-'-'- i'w ; ' - :GrErCULMETF&: teer4J -- Manufacturers o! . owuiui 1 1 - - 4. - m I VaUXISIIES. AXl) ASI'HALTUM ; the woiiu in nic wuumn b DKALERS anu vongic Woman did: not realize Conventions, field what a vast was; opening" before her " ' JOSEPHINE ST REE PER CHASE. indow Glass PaintslOils.& Brushes. " when - the prophet Joseph- Smith turned The funeral obsequies of the late Josephine at . the; lamily the. key for w oman in 1842. ... .Z.":.J StreepxrX.haseere'r-aftenderesidence Cenlerville. Davis in; - TJ County, July 23, le , jisoci a t ioi t sa n 7 0 u Gocfsliall ; i594v , lead us on." . ,s Pier death, which occurred on the evening of Mrs. K: B. Wells .was next introduced. the 20th, at her home, was sudden and unexpected She had a great admiration for men but She wastheaiihte , Wei's Streeper, born May 6tii, 1835, in the city of would like all the political and With her part nts she removed Philadelphia. they enjoyed. Showed how the question froni;tjierejtoTauvo6in thespring of 1S44, lne of Suffrage was being agitated all over the following year from there to St. Louis, and in the United States. In the .Woman's Con- - year 1S51 emigrated to Salt Lake City, ..About fbeeiiriS55ie--w5narrie- d to Geone A. gress of -- 93, the whole trejidwaslQivxirds Chase, and was'tlfe niothefbf 15 childrenr-5 sons I UBllICJ TING d - ' . OILS. -- READY M IX ICt 1'AIKTS. -- find Ditiiapncl Wall Klnisti.J . civil-right- cqualityr1--Referre- d to-.Iiss- s 19 COMMERCIAL AVENUE, Salt Lakk City, Utah. . Anthony's ' and.' 10 i!atJhf'pr; S rif ,hnm. sw'ith iA crntu!. children, survived her. I n t h e fam i yci rc e h er- -r ad i a nceof charac?er was not only superior, to approach the siublime. 'As a wife, mother and teacher she was adapted to each condition with un- questioned ability. Her complete devotion to the duties connected therewith .was characterized with that unselfish love that makes one more than earthly in the estimation of those who were favored to share her kindly charities- - or taste the ' sweets of her .spiritual liie. Her many years of The lady speakers were tendered a vote fervent and successful labors in the Sunday of thanks for their merited efforts. Singy School was at sphere of more than ordinary to the children of others, who will cherish a loving remenibjc--irhixrtrgrrlrT-Homer Call. live'S: ThedeiiCale nature of her physical are did net justify entering upon those names of officers. Lottie Pollowing ' more public services in which her influence might Hubbard, President Mary" Harding, first been felt in a more extended field, but not Vice President; Dora' S. Dudley, second have for a holier purpose than, that which evercharacn Vice President; Ellen Ward, third Vice. terized her efforts in the cultivation arid developPresident; Stella Cook, Rec. Sec. and ment of the youth of Zion. The numerous and earnest testimonies borne1 Treasurer; EstherJIardiiig AssASec.1 and Ill -of her on the occasion .of her funerah obsequies Cor; .Sec.'; Maria Zundell, Chairman, Ex. should satisfy both family, kindred and frieiidii-t-o Com Tennie tTtihbard.. HnrdinW , , Nnnrv ihe1dj3iiigrxfTa J grief,, ancr ine yielding 01 all nearts to that Emma X Davisa4trHeiTdeTshTl is which joy that unspeakable, of Executive Committee, Dora Ijers her the race of life well run Dudley, Organist; Esther' Harding'Ass't. j With ' Has her with her kindred throng, joined Orgartist. I In mansions for her there prepared, , With crowns of glory to be shared. . .1 OBITUARY. The great number which attended her funeral, among whom were Apostles, Presidents and ELIZABETH COON. many prominent influential indicated the Sister Elizabeth Coon was. the daughter of high esteem in which she citizens, was held by all who William Pemarder Parker Farbrough, and was had her acquaintance, many of whom bom in Calhoun Mont. Co.' Tennessee, Dec. 22, her remains to their last place, lSxS. After her marriage with the late Abraham and said in their hearts, "Rest, rest, resting to the weary "Coon they moved to Green Co. Illinois, where she oul."s S. W. Richards. embraced the Gospel in 1839, Elders Parley Pr Pratt and William E. McLellan were the first to DR. introdiicehe Gospel to her and to her husband R. which they gladly embraced and left their beautiMUX Ol EN II KH ful home-iGreen Co. and moved to Hancock ' Co. Illinois where they shared in the trials of the iiinl Nursiii great exodus frqm Nauvoo to Winter Quarters' ini'ii Sister Coon drqve her owp thm all the'u-a- and MONDAY, OCTOHKIC Sfh, 1891. became quite an expert in voking and unyokin 10R PARTUTtAX, COMMUS WATE IN PERSON OR BY her cattle. Brother Coon having beenmade LETTER. a ' Bishop to take charge of some forty families that No. 18 Main St , Salt Lake liinuence ana popularity; gave illustrations women did not have all the rights they wanted. Utah is entitled to more Delegates' to attend the Woman's Suffrage Convention than any other state except New York. Mrs. Ray livans of Brigham City gave a sketch of their labors N.during the last that-showe- 1 -- I but-seem- ed . r.k.thojm:as ' . ,- . use--fulne- ss' m . . : , - - - 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st SduttfSt., S ALT six-month- ' ' ; - - . ' - LAKE CITY. The Leading ' ; ' a " - Rctaik; - . ;f Ctsh l.Ioiisr ; R;K. THOMAS I;) UN Will FORD'S stii you any Shoe in their Mammoth Sure at actual ... FAUTOKY COST PRp IDOIV'T MISS THIS SAJLmTZ. 57 SOUTH . ' -- ELLIS SHIPP -- iiiOtt y . City. ST. MAIN mm wif-Iiist- ? 3 v ,x x-- .' Keeps on Hand - - Y v- DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY. EQUI- - ,7 POISE WAISTS, ETC. , nreai?lRklnr !n all its branches, Millinery, late a and cleaned sijrle;, Hati KonieU and retrimmetl Feathers curled, etc. StampIncjdOFC to order. But' ns coTeTd while ycu "wait. ISnrf r1 Snlu arpeelalty TsTn G "KSTTKMPLE STHEKT V ) 1 ( ni Imp l Stables 