WOMAN 'ST K X TO N K NT. 173 - i t fVfCvVt - , TT"1 4 i V .EM Mi 7. . 7i 7. w. ? the fragrance filling the Aiall;Sand in the Wfil then came tlie; crowning . of demonstration,-DrMajisieC1iij)p-in- kit the heaviest bur yet .. , roses ntxji prcU 3T : . , iiiurexllvt their lot, glau to be lisefiil, and hai'DV to lighten the hearts and lessen iJV. 1 .s', j?'1''-- : giy , patie t ill v; i 1 he a bors or tattlers', t ilie'te ; .ucri c;, s-- ' ... s.. juo ri;'?ri A ni f 1 ho hi t n me-ma- ivi t h de : - jdeiiv-- ,. . ' iirstiee knowiin "f "nnpareii. AdvrJjrijj nuts: Each' p.ice, one' time', i'$o; pjront'.-: ana .liusuatu Tkiio'tliatit-i- s thtrcTight and propcrtmng' nil mtitnaltv. ititerestcd. to .do, Jiaving' the qonrage jpf Jiieir con- - ; "Mrs, Tay orresjondedracipusl' but ' much einjrrassmeHtas she was cohir ; 'victi.-.nsthe coming generations will look frbni. M iiiiSlfei.o'piwstte: tendered"hours; vjthe-ovatio.Husfyss back with pride' upon their record, for the pletely overcome : to A.m. to 5 u.ia.'eYerf .d.iy, except Sriiid.u ' " 'trend of all edncation and : sentiment is to-- . her. y; 't ; ;Advlss all bsisi nes.com sr. iinica.tigas to -- an-:then -was Caiinoh Mattie to Df. ; ancOt is bound : - PUB LLSHK.R SXQl Huglies equality AXSXiPfrr rnrrirpotrtttal of ceremohits.and toasts r; Sai.t Lak v;,Cit, U l'AII. come,' thereiore why not3 V tan be among .iiounced as' master Vr" ' in by both dlie"-- progressive cornmuuitiesr Avhere she and ' responses were iiidulge-iUuhfas I'.nt'rt.i m( the 11. u' G: . lJ,ie:Uity; i. iaaies7 some seuninen iai ana should be? And certainly there is no t a state SicoiJ lar matter. some hiunorous. all appreciative of the oiie or" territfirV where own homes and farms and "wlnhn they had assembled to honor. Salt-Lak- e 'Gi rvv7 i8g,;H wo'iien )wii their vAVoohn ausetrAvhich AlipoeirOjy--Sts- te s iay their Qjitaxes7hd;diav ulh lite r b w n n a in cs ,:taa d ; h a ye e n ga ge d J 11 was given in July 5th lilt, was read by. her UTAH AND' STATEHOOD, Aliss Gladys Woodmansee. ; business enterprises of va ri omS in d s, even (laughter ' Refresliments and congratulations were buying and selling real estate. .IJtaii is uii the verge of statehood, at in The educational interests of any and all next in order and the arty closed with a liber j! A ck-.- sr., with 77-- , ! -- N-ng, CT-- .'"".' ; ; ' . - . :; - 1 ; ' v ' ' : -- . AuirUST-t-iutd-is- i - . . . 1 1 1. - : . last after years of intercession VJand with every condition in her' favor, during many tydruRTtlje tulc;' has iji Availing ih ig--ca- 'turned and the-'- Chief Kxeeutive . t-- Iholiitallishadrried .alireiaus-ifts-iiiUii- potli-- ; Z. to. toido.:---- savajid ""r" rnjT "of, Tavlor must, afterthis nublic tlemoustratiou and hiagnihceiit ovation, feel that she.' has won the love, confidence and esteem ofHier It was indeed a beautiful and " ' fitting testimonial. i ; f - . :- - . the narioiTs are influenced bv the mothers we Hre told, then, let them have everv p.dvantage, civil and' political to becon quaniicd lor the high and holy callings tney are expected to nil. ... ,.,yy z'" Much, of the opposition to,, suffrage (for there are no argmnents against it) comes TrcmT7 the attitude of women $lo have all the rights they .want and are protected; but it it , is- betteV-.Tosociety, better foj a. community that men and women stand side by. side and vote togetl icr, then - wisleue fi t ri si i ig- -f roni -- s t a telioocHEs' a re '1 h ei f dom aftd patriotism deiuau(i'it, and should,' sons whom they, have reared, or their brothers with whonwhey have, shared tlie decide the (piesliqn. ..'The Constitution of Utah should have hardships- - and toil ;5f building up a eum- - no framed jlavs7 it houid4)e llfe fe inunity in ayueeiaiK-iUtah has inel:e: if: sources nd brighter by aiy body of men,, and the best men )rospects lor fiituref greatness than a y of. slmulAjje the Territoiesra tlifc' AVest;"Tlitse . facts' are .eminent '.for their fitness, and as Miss well. knovi MHhisvAvh'liavev'ionistly Anthony says'kt it be "the best basis for a state eve re lgroscdjon archmeMt; " Cu' traeKanot Investigated ,TiiJ'at'ter. ""either men (fwjjinen can be, found', than the ieopk m Utah. No braverf. gramler AN;()VATI0N.. or more KhouirlUful voium infil women, fio wiser, 'or more Monday evening, July 2nd, was a gala and high I suled veterans- thaw the pioneers time indeed for the Young readies Associa-tioiKof and coioii.efs, wh( .have made the country this County. These 1 sisters paid habitable for their children, irncKtliose who such a genuine compliment to their Gen-er:: :hax cotiie to dwell: within of President as is.sejdjiLnreCeived4v-4t!ty-"ohe- , h.History wiU yet leeoidIn however diligent and faithful or disthe these" terms of "works valiant tinguished they may have been. Sister glownng men and .women. lint .whether that is Klmina S. Taylor, the honored 'President done or not their works- speak for: them and was entirely unaware of any. effort in this, testify more strongly than the pen can ever .direction, and was consequently almost tlo. Xookat Utah as she isfltoday and. reovercome with the honors heaped upon her call the. vision of the jntst'when desolate; at the party given to show the love and esand barren, without vegetation, sage brush teem of her friends and. wood and. alkali beds met tlie. eyes grease generous of her " appreciation of tlie- wani audweary. pioneers of 47. magnificent work for the Associations over llehoUl the contrast! .Without money but which she has presided the last fourteen with,iijdustry, energy amKefibrtahnost ..years. ; " superhuman, habitations were reared,; The Fourteenth was- beautichardstand fields were plantecT," water was fully deeorated withWardJIall, flowers and hi "brought from the mountain streams, and ing plants and the' place was filled with the face ."of the land was changed, not by Sister Taylor's, friends when she came in; magic, but by. the sweat of the brdw-othe almost bewildered with the dazzling laboring men. V And women too bore tlu ir of the .scene; yet wholly unconscious beauty of its share of .the" burdens of d lilv iuxV.I.V iusnirnii'-- ' 4r the palm, so earnestly and untiringly "to feel . their work is appreciated,. and certainly Sister he destinies I 1 1 off U . d - . ThegraeraleeJing-wastha- and especially in theser departments thev: and outdone s:: shoud have equal opportunity with' men clirection. It is good for those who labor (f;-4:li- c Republic has sign passed by" the .Congress h the llnited vStates. On the' 6 tli day, of July" i S94 a dayr memorable becapse of- the stroke of. a i pen , t h a t w i ng gicatc r fretjdo m and liberty to the .people in. tliesc- mountain fastnesses and vales. Let all reioiee in the prospect statelKVd'olTers, more especially if it makes all citizens "equal irresp'ectiveJoL sex . a 3 m pte Mt'c.,. jtistice to - one half of the community who are taxed with -- out representation, and .who are as justly entitled to partake of tlie advantages and benediction. states naturally are, and. necessarily,, must 14he-hautbfiirvenien-aniHhe-'moth- ers, co-worke- rs. -,. . f . , , COUXTHSS AVACHTMHISTER. : - Oxk of the celebrities' who has lately r visited . - . : -- ! " lofty-minde- d - . al RauelT"de lioushel who lived in the reign of Louis XIr. ' Constance de lioushel,; having lost her parents at an early age, was sent to her aunt Mrs; Bulkley of London "Hill. Berkshire England where she was educateoUnd lived until her marriage in ' 1 863, witir W .cousin Count Wachtmeister,theu Swedish and Norwegian minisler.iit.the Court' of Str-JaShe resided there three years, when her., husband was called " to .Copenhagen as minister .to trie Danish Court and th after two years the Count being made Min- lster ol horeign Affairs, they took up their abode at the official residence in Stockholm. I he Countess was then created 5 'state lad' of the laud" by the and was the last king, to receive this distinction as the title has become extinct. The Counts l,n vount Axel Wachtmeister wlio was born in' rs' fair-Uta- " , " - and-thei- s,' " '.-'- ' -. -.. . .. r-- - - . J!"Xm " uuw ""i. 1 - - sigmucauce. ' ouj !"- g- - ! : chesallndcrediu women r and thi' n'-pnlnt- v, the .hiWi&t style ' n r.f.i;,,,,: ;.'-.- - " mes r . - e; Italy. The Boushet; family is one of the most aucieut in France originating from tlie southeast of France they settled in Normandy about the year 936. A. D. and have thus a long line of ancestors, distinguished in French histon yn838r-nnoreiic- 1 - Countess - , 4he-bt)rde- was the sonally 4s a eharmi ig' woman both in appearance and in conversation, and also upon tlie platlorm Iler fuTTliaineAs- Constance Georeine Louise deiBoushel de- - Moutjoncoii Her were the de Bousliel in the parents Manpuis PVenich tliploihatic service, and Constance Bulkley, to whom she was born March, 28, . 1 " City Wachtmeister,one of the most learned and .accomplished ladies of uhe present day'. bhe has a most interesting history and per' s-- a , this . KSO. tp. ' - ' - - Pheosophy and is giving her life and lier - . 