4 54 wuma: raM her coUsiri.frcni tlie first tinreofrieet- - Bairinjrtoii, John and I' were ..talking of it u4 He could and saving "it would do Mrs. Blnnd rnnrRolal the m on board: th shi pi pjeasaut eveiiu lui so:ve ttxequgstiCKi to ins own satistac: 7 hear some of these fot:t"n4ier-liui- it tion, :and theereat" pines crac'Hed and baud ? nd telling Am :4ie had: saved ttieni s way ed i n theiyvi nd , a s thtrag hpeakfng to frbifi. warn? m sTckYvess";iid in Times of &yay from;. all ' him: of the uniteer?, and the salt sea breeze, scarcity.'ifuf for sonfe MJ am sure' Mrs, Blandwill helpny one, j wafted ; upon the .air, and. as' to'eoine""' a rKp visit iixtin He Jistened closely: fie heard the sound of you reeomm end and a s I am to see "die f this Lia--of inv, neitrhbors e"ve n i ng I w ill take y ou r ord e rs for w lia tq uiet soft-- , of fashion lui have- - alstjturbulent waters in the IS wanted, or will you call yourseli my thought niuchyot tr ;)oo:ih whom JiemosiJustZsittSgL Western sky of which he caught a glimmeriuterqsted hrS.ilelf 3D n:uiaaud felt good .woman and explain the circumstances. i 1 fere was ing view between the pines. He had never "But Mr. Barrington you must not go out ho w :: theyitinust ' miss him. ifi felt the solemnity of nature sd keenly as he again' tonight, such a dreadful gale is blow- , Patiece:' Austin s idpport unity :?T dicTaTthis mdmentr-hisoul was" subdued ing and the snow is falling too now I see," fgladMrs. Bland yojive ispoken like that in meditation, yet seirsitive to all pervading and Mrs. Austin looked out of the window, C for that's just why I've i come out- on a ou tside i nlluehces. His thoughts reverted "ydu cannot risk ypurhealtfi like ihklLyou I stormy jiight li leirt on c,min and to the green fields of his own country, the are not strong, Jolfti,''Kesptrappealing pur young .mjiuster -7 quietfeacefulness he had often felt when a' to her husband, as she saw Mr. Barrington 's ire's not fit to .valk..aran'..hD:the stormy asrlie wandered alone through Jthe earnest look of determination,") don't con- - to. arid I wanted him to stop my and john hadie to the-vi- sit s.veet ,5melim tr:" meadows, with hedges of to Mrs. Bland tonight." been putdookifi after the wanls ei snme : luxuriant folia which had seemed so Thegood man thus entreated, said to his wife poor folks, and we'd been tal ::n alwjilt strikingly beautiful, find yet in his heart lie "if he mirst go" then after supper I will hat- - some help for, em Jan4 made iip o:;i minds had realized a longing for something wilder ness up old Betty, and we will drive over to tell MrBarrington' to ak (you :".t someand grander, something which wrould lift and you can go along Patience well wrapped things, as ye know the Doctor u si d to give we found Mr him to sublimer Jieigh ts; now he had atup, 'twill do you good and be a nice last winter, and when: determined U come fifblrthe" tained to some of-taspirations his spirit change." had y earned for, he haci no more "the. peaceThe minister knew not whaf to say, "snow and wind, Tohn said he'd bamessjip ful green fields and the x flowering hedges, What would Deacon "Meredith and his wife and I shouldcome too and teiryoh mvse'lt With the" calm and restfulness such scenes think, and in fact did: John Austin arid his all about it, so that's vhy ve'rer7w;--aiive know why we've come as well as the inspire, but the wild and grand sublimity, good wife know that the gossips were busy "a" of immense forests arid the .great tumultuous xwrith his gpod name, Ought he.. to tell them, Deacon does. " So here;-wapill "4or Deae our: ho why should hey he would leave all, to coiiiMeredith -- to swallow roan, ofii;ocean-t- o felt someth i ngrisrairCe upon with admiration and wonder; and yet" work itself out, .he.felt some assurance he- - was ill at ase-sabove all he reflected, here as well as there, knew not why that lie. was guided, yet he WTohgifrOm the minister ' s. strange look. the same' heaven was shining above all the was reluctant to have these ood and true Patience Austin proceeded-texplain some ' world. And his mother, could she look frieuds hear these scandals, if they had not needs of the poor and Mrsr. Bland do w n u pon her- boy (for she was his ideal of beeh previously informed. sFor a moment, Jier the help" should be furnished and that j perfection m woman) and the thought of he felt like a coward, then his moral heroism John and' herself should distribute accord-- . her so long dead came like the rushing of a conquered and he decided to submit to the ing to their own discretion."' ' Ail this time river oyer him, and all at once he felt as situation. T Supper over he prepared himMr, Barrington sat silent, finally he noticed she he were his felt as if self for the siie, though by of the e, and though his heart beat L,ady Anna s harp in the touch of her soft, gentle ho id upon his. more rapidly, and his pulse quickened, he drawing room, and- - wittidiit asking . perforehead caressing him, and peace entered felt that once in- the open air he should mission hel uncovered the instrument and " his soul, and he could fancy lie heard the regain struck some minor chords, the tone way likeke rustle of the soft folds of her silken gown, When John Austin- drove up to the magic in the hearts of all present, i It was-libut in a. moment it Was gone, and he house, he exclaiined, a harp divine as unexpected as the hang it all "why -the- here's Deacon Meredith's "sleigh , if"I'd visit of angels, in iactithese sinirilePuntans realizexronjythe roar of theseaand he in was camier a known he was here; old Betty should had never hedul a harp before, and it moved ragihYihwTmlTlnit ..hi.' spirit.-il'bowed the down lijs lonely have stayed in the barn, I'm hot fond of them more than the eloquence of the greatforest, for he had strayed far from the path the. way the -- Deacon .talks nowadays, inest preacher they had 'eYeYlistenelilo,"aTid irHiTS t! welling.ji'd poured forth a fervent sinuatingly,... and Ilvetold him a time or that was a great deal ,: arid ; atlie'btiii rajfor-safeiy- .i foreTjikelrroniievii,-go beatih"about" "niiisiciaii ryedoiTind on from, some of rorrrtfieimfesoTliis enemies. Then he. the bush, I don't care to come in contact the great masters, every one in the room wended his way in the ..direction of the with him in a strange house, he'll provoke was moved to tears, by. emotions of teiuhr .;.lu.mBle:ftcalii-v.4lee- ' he knew notif he me to sayin something. ' MrT" Barrington feeling that no language could express, and should be welcome, or whether, his hostess kept silence "aren't you goin to let us' get Barrington hadconquered without a word, too had listened to' the poisoned darts of the out; ' ' said his wife, but just then 'the and the; council of ministers was never slanderer. He opened the door as was his hired man" as Tosrah the Doctor's faithful called. ' Refreshments yve re brought in and ' ' him hjirrwlrtr" old butler.called himself in this free country while the Deacon and John Austin partook an anxious countenance, "husband and I came old took the rein, and of the bounteousr hospitality of the hostess Betty by put, thought something must have happened, the sleigh was soon unloaded. '..;'T of the house, and drarik to hen health,, of yen are very late, supper "has been waiting Ushered into Mrs. Bland's drawing-roothe excellent old wine brought from over for hours, what is the matter? Surely you after laying off their Wraps and shaking off the sea, they forgot all their grievances, have a chill, the cold wind has numbed you, the snow.Jhere sat Deacon Meredith and and shookiiands at parting.yvithllthe sarae, you are palend trembling, here take some his wife complacently looking at the fire, brotherly love that had formerlv been their tea, sit down iu this warm corner bv the anu 3irs. manti s qiucic opserving j:ustom when auyoxasipnJrought theni fire, let me rub your. hauds;.father, " (call- - r something unusual in the glance face of her young logeiner. inatne young minister drove igto her husband but bv this time Mr. friend; the minister, in whom she felt the home with befriends, in fact he guided the Barringtoii interrupted her siving'there deepest interest waslscarcely able to go horse and unharnessed it, for theTwi is no need of alarm. I am not ill, a little through the usual formklities. always had told upon John' "Austin, who. was-iio- t cold and coming iinto the warm room and punctiliously observed by accustomed t6 taking anything strong, and people. face A your overcame almost silence seeing kindly almost unbroken fell upon the hex was haly asleep ere they reached the me, the wind is very high, and the sea roars company, after they had little cabin greetexchanged ii the woods. Deacon Mere-Pith- 's frightfully, I horm "all is well" with the ings and were seated, Mr. Barrington. felt-hiwife ifter wards told Patience Austin" cottagers this is a hard winter for the heart beat so loudly he feared it might (in confidence) that the Deacon was far poor." Hearing this Mr. Austin replied be noticed, then Deacon Meredith unable from sober and so excited that she thought Ixen to visit several duriiig the longer to maintain control of t t"at he had lost his ..wits; however he was all his'feelings aay, wl?o were m need of comforts, and said, "I know why I'm here Madame Bland right again in the morning, : added "Patience and I were just baying I came without yotlr invitation though we would ask" you to say td" but expect to see John and Patience Mrs. Bland, would she help some of them 'Austin." v., THE mature, like, the truest mind, to whom the Doctor gave in times of need, no need of any, apology for must bePesL "There's tempered in the hottest furnace for they miss him mightily:!' fcVes Mf'r. them" said Mrs. Bland. " they are always te Why Melville; X " -- ytjjgV .socialaj?gieaU! . " - ,r.- . gfeSSYgif -- : " dis-tancea- the-roarin- -- - nd i or tiie-Doct- . -- ' 11 i. , . s ; - w-a- s by of-th- 4-sent . -- Bar-ringto- , n ' - he d . " : . - listerrto-andtogax- he o i - , a.--ure- - . d-- : the-corne- r . self-contro- l. - - : 1 e; . " : . two-4;o45pe- ak out-and-n- ot oinnLMI.virct ' y A. m . . . v well-bre- d r s ' - " .' " i -- - .. J - 