UNITED. To Mr. and Mrs. Earnest White, from theft sincere jnena. f and the at head of the mountain, clear, Sparkling Rise (wq little streams, each from its own foun- r WOMAN'S EXPONENT 139 ADDRESS. ing for the good' of the nation and the 1 Mrs. MRS. MARGARET. GADDY. President and Ladies- T m to pleased meet with vou todnv aUhnuv. t ' tain; did not come with the calculation of makYet gradually nearer, as onward they go, ing a speech;, but I. always respond to any Now in one common course together they flow. call made upon me to soeak in behalf of Environed by banks that will not break o'eV, woman, and their great deecls; for their rtii at last they have found the ocean's far shore, footsteps can be traced fromT prehistoric Each lost in the other, now they are times to the present, although she has worked under great disadvantages. It can together,till JifeVwork is done. be shown that among all Two beautiful lives on the roadway of time, primitive people, she was the of most of the originator so round each other to twine, Beginning early industrial arts, and . when they became Growing dearer and fonder, year after year, man lucrative, appropriated them, and woSharing each pleasure as well as each tear; man was pushed aside. While man, the proAt the altar of faith, united and sealed, tector, was engaged in fighting and hunt-""Unto life eternal" by powers revealedt woman constructed the rude' Their hopes, their misson, their lives are now ing, semblance of a home; she dressed the game ' ' one: , and cooked it; she groundthe grain between United even after this life is done; two stones and made the bread; she dressed In love, with a blessing, we fervently pray, the skins of animals and fashioned them That their aims ne'erdiverge, nor their love go into awkward garments! Impelled by the ' ' astray; necessity for its use, she invented the Reinforced by each other's ne'er ceasing aid needle. She twisted the"fibers of ;nlanrs in. to thread. She; invented the shuttle and Ever faithful and true in sunshine and shade! May these lives, as those streams, ever flowing used it in weaving fabrics, in which she often jingled feathers, wool arid down, together, which contributed both to the beauty and Remain undivided, in clouds and warmth of it. She was the first potter and Together move onward to rapture divine, moulder of clay into Jars and other utensils Eternally joined in the ocean of time. ' for domestic use, and dried them in the sun. Ellis R. Shipp. She originated basket making. She was Oct. 1893, Salt Lake City. the first to give encouragement to Columbus after he had solicited aid for years from "'TIS MOtfk BLESSED TO GIVE THAN man. She shamed man into doing his duty, RECEIVE." u by offering to pawn her jewels, then she was pushed aside. Man said, 'No, keep Poverty and want are abroad in the land, your jewels, this is our business; and we The widow and orphan are here, will attend to it." She stepped aside, but There's a chance to do good for the liberal, watched with great anxiety the progress hand, made by man: and when a new country And to dry up the sad mourner's tear. was found, and men were going to make a The Savior said, when here on the earth, ' colony, or lay the foundation of a nation, And his words I most firmly believe, women were ready to come with them; I esteem them of value, I deem them of worth knowing that man could never build a "'Tis more blessed to give than receive." nation without her help. They worked to If fortune has lavished upon thee her wealth, gether a long time, and grew independent. Thou art blessM in. thy "basket and store," They paid taxes to mother country, but With plenty to eat, enjoyment of health, were not allowed to say what should be done with the money that they sent to Forget not to succor the poor. their mother country. The men got mad Thy neighbor may be, in his poverty. More wretched than thou would'st believe. and the women got mad too. They declared that taxation without representation Remember if he asks a favor of thee, was tyranny, and that they would stand, 'Tis more blessed to give than receive. it no longer. 'No! ' ' said woman, "I O, I have not enough, some will say, would fight for your independence, and we To keep up appearance and style, ; : will help, you. " She did help him in every If I give this away, I may need it some day, way- - she could, and they f gained their So I think I shall keep it awhile. independence, and the mother country was This is not tjie spirit of Jesus I trow, compelled to acknowledge them: an do themselves think thus who deceive, They r nation. T i For the Savior he taught in his mission below, to themselves to went men few a Then Tis more blessed to give than receive. make a constitution to govern this indepenRemember these precepts, and by them do live, dent nation, but they never asked woman to go with them No, woman was pushed Let charity dwell in thy breast, to one side again, and she has been so used Be thou ever ready and willing to give to being pushed back that I believe today, To the needy, the sick and distressed, If the beggar should ask for bread af thy door, that women are the worst enemies we have H to suffrage. Be sure that his wants you relieve, all the women when said John J. Ingalls He lends to the Lord who gives to the poor, asked for the ballot they would gett it; but 'Tis more blessed to give than receive. they did'nt wait for all the negroes in the, A. M. Blanchard. -- iv. South to ask for the ballot.vbut they gave i t to them whether they wanted it or not. I an ue A good book is one that tells, in good believe it tne women wouiu -the Democratic party won a English, its story: sees, no necessity for'! Democrats or their pnnaples, or, if they would using foreign words, and does not quote wofk-ffrom "the Arabic or the Sanscrit, as if the : all be Republicans, the Republican party author had written it with the "Ency- - would work for. their franchise; but let usbe citizens, honest, upright citizens, workclopedia Britannica" beside him, . whole human family. As to the, subject before us in regard to having a plank put in the State Constitution, I am in favor of it when the proper time comes. And here 1 will use the language of an eminent statesman of old: "Sink or, swim, survive or perish, live or die, I am for" woman suffrage." , , . :. - . . . j one-Unite- d WOMAN SUFFRAGE COLUMN. ". "' ' ' "; . fair-weath- er, 4 ent . ; - - v. s. A. Minutes of W S. A. held at the residence of Mrs. A. W. McCune, May 15th. President E. J. MacFarlane in the chair. Sang "Our Country." Prayer by M. E. Bassett. Roll called. Pacer on "Marv Queen of Scotts," (original, )read by Eouise Badger. Dr. Ferguson urged having parlor meetings, more would attend; referred to an society formed in New York, they called themselves "The Butterflies," and we all know butterflies soon fade and die. Ella W. Hyde offered the Fourteenth Ward Relief Society Hall as our future meeting place. After some discussion it was voted upon and accepted. Then followed some remarks in regard to ' parlor meetings a number of parlors were offered, and it was decided to hold one at Mrs. Eucy B. Young's on the 29th of the present month. As this was the last day of our meeting at Mrs. McCune's (as the lady is leaving the city,) sentiments expressive of our gratitude . for the use of her home were then in order. Each one present responded in an exceedingly pleasing manner. The response of our hostess was in a peculiarly happy strain, making us feel she had been the one to be benefitted. . Dainty refreshments were then served by our estimable friend, and the time spent in a very pleasant manner ; in conversation ' and music. r ' M! E. Irvine, Sec. anti-suffra- ge -- : DECORATION DAY. Tup New York World of Sunday, April 29th, had very- good likenesses of the men who voted for. the "woman's amendment in - the constitutional convention of New York in 1868. It suggested to me, that Some fitshould be paid on "Decoration ting tribute ' Day' to those who for many years have championed our cause in Congress and the The advocates various State Legislatures. of woman's suffrage should see that the graves of those, who have passed away are decorated each year with immortelle wreaths and flowers. Soldiers in a great moral warfare, who must face ridicule and: the sneers of the multitude for generations, must have more courage and endurance, th4ii those who face the cannon's mouth oh the field of battle, for a few hours. Women in all the States should take some pains to get the names and photographs of their champions and have them handsomely framed in groups arid hung in public buildings as well as' in their O wn homes, for the admiration of comthe ing generations. If the members inofNew present constitutional conventions York and U Kansas had the assurance Ufiat rememberthey would be thus honored arid ed by their country women, the word male would no doubt be expunged from both constitutions. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, , -- 4 