WO .f A N 'S' EX l'O N K N T . Iinllbc damned. And 'these Kigns; shall 'fallow them that believiT etc We know by reading tlui Savior's own' words as they are written in the Bible,aud noTtlie doctrines of And he gave some men, which is true. r Apostles and jsome prophets; and some evangelists anusome pastors and teachers, for the perfecting of the saints and for the work of the ministry, .for the edifying of the body of Christ "till we all come , in the ".unity, of the faith, and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure oi the stature of the fulness of 1 lies, thhapter verses 1 9 and Christ. tile spirit. 20. Despise not prophesy ings."" How can those who profess to .. be e ministers preach gospel when they there shouldbe deny prophets or the gifts of the spirit? It took prophets - and apostles lor the work of the ministry. They have another plan different from the Bible plan that the Savior taught, and how are their gospel is true. We we to know-th- at readin St Mark's last chapter verse 2, "And they .went lortn and preached everywhere; the Lord working with them and confirming the word with signs following," Amen. The Savior has not returned to earth to.' change His gospel'; He . would not change it, it is the everlasting gospel. Rev. 14th chapter 6th verse, "And I saw another angel flying through the " . . the-tru- - " nf lipnvpti Viavirtrr the Pi'or1oct; gospel to preach unto them that dwell on ,the earth, and to every nation, and kindred - and tongue and people,'' 7th verse, 'Saying with a load voice, rear God, and give glory to him; for the hour of his ment is come, and worship him that made nnrl f tVt heaven and erirth.. and thf fountain of water." Howjthis language of St. John Is accounts for all these different diversified gospels being advertised. The true and everlasting gospel ceased to be on the earth, and the angel that John saw had miftat Jtah has always i'V had to deal with, although a isties prove that as Tar back as 1622 the wxrk in their respective departments of the National Council since 1891.- This will cover the work of the Council in relation to the World's Congress of Representative Women, and to its exhibition in the. Woman's Building during the Columbian Exposition of 1893. Owing to the work of the Council in 11 uci 11a iiunai vuuncu uunner k""uu the last two years. its work proper in our own country, while not neglected, has been sensibly diminished. Unusual activity will therefore be necessary, not only on the part of the General Officers, but on the part of au me organizations belonging to the Council, to make the sessions of 1891, fulfil the plans proposed in the address of its Frances E. Willard, and in the statements subsequently issued by the present officers of the Council. Owing to the initiative taken by the National Council, local councils are ' rapidly springing up throughout the country, each innts.owh community applying to local needs the principles of individual organic liberty and mjxtual helpfulness among organized bodies, now so generally recognized as the dominant principles in ,vhat has come to be popularly .known as the "Coun, and dwners were compelled,, to plant mul-rr- y trees or a fine was imposed. Sericulture was largely entered into and was pronounced the most; profitable industry of the Country and the quality and excellence equal to any produced in Italy. In 1770 "pounds of reeled ilk, was taken to h,1adelphia to be worked up and the sime year a Mrs. Susanna Wright at Columbia ancasier Lo. made a piece of goods 60 yards in length from her own Cocoons which was worn by the Queen of Great Britain as z Court dress. l adies took up the industry as a fashionable and prior to the revolution woreemployment silk dresses of their own fabrication. Up to 1812-1- 3 sewing silk was sold an-nually to the amount of $600 by one yfamily aloneTherefore it would appear a pity, nay even a sin that sericulture be allowed to languish when by the showing of this little paragraph such good results were established and that sufficient interest shpuld be taken to promote so beneficial and laudable an industry, which permanently established would create a vast revenue. cil Idea." I hope all who take a pleasure in seri- r One important question to be settled by culture in Utah will endeavor to their utr the Executive Committee at its approachmost to promote the industry' if only for ing meeting is the relation of local counhome consumption realizing, with what cils to the National Council, and the success the. Utah Silk Exhibit met at the reDresentation to which local councils shall World's Fair and the merited attention it be entitled at the sessions of the National Council in its meeting in 1895. receives at the Midwinter Fair. The general outlines of the program of I fear my article is already too long for . 2-3- 00 I first-Preside- . " Ar-angemen- ts. . The Executive Committee is constituted of the General Officers and of all organizations belonging .to the Council, while the Committee of Arrangements includes the Executive Committee and one delegate from each of the organizations belonging to the Council. Members of the Committee of Arrangements, who are not members of the Executive Committee, will in the coming meeting be entitled to trig-Preside- nts . rder, with apostles, prophets, helps and governments, with its gifts and blessings, the same faith which we must contend foiv that was once delivered to the saints, and John says, 18th chapter 4th, verse "And I heard another voice from heaven saying, come out of her, my people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues;" 52nd verse, "For her sins have reached unto heaven and God hath remembered her iniquites. " ' Second nt, that meeting will also be determined by the Executive Committee, at this time; therefore, the approaching meeting will be a meeting not only of the Executive Committee, but also of the committee of our progressive little Exponent but remember the amount of means President Brigham Young expended to forward "sericulture and how ardently he advocated and recommended it and his saying the elements in Utah are full of silk. M. A. Tiix,Prest. Utah Co. Silk Asst'n. Provo City, April 24th, 1894 - torestoreit-againHrfTitsprimitiveo- 125 NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN OF THE UNITED STATES. CALL FOR MEETING ?QV THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE. cnpiV 11 nrin all - niifxit'irme tlinf' cli mi Irl rrmt . 11. r t r oeiore me nxecuuve vommuiee ior us consideration, but will be entitled to vote only Early in the history of the National Coun- i.e.. cil of Women of the United States, it was found necessary, in order to carry on its wrork with proper deliberation , that Annual Meetings of its Executive Committee should be held. Such Annual Meetings of the Executive Committee have been held as follows: the first in Indianapolis in May,-1S91the second.in Chicago in May, 1892; and the third in Chicago in May, 1893. a - a a on such questions as are usually entrusted to the Committee of Arrangements. "Whosoever of Epistle John 9th vers, All Patrons of the National Council are doc: the in not abide th and transgresseth, cordially invited to be present at the trine of Christ, hath not God. He that meeting of the Executive Committee and abideth in the doctrine of Christ, he hath the Committee' .of Arrangements, when they will enjoy the privilege of participatM. A. Pratt. Mary By the constitutional plan of triennial ing in discussion of all questions that arise? meetings, the second triennial sessions of of proposing questions and even motions. the Council would have been held in Patrons, however, have no vote. Al- SILK QUESTION. freWashington in 1894. When, however, in though reasons for this have been determined that the National quently stated, it cannot perhaps be too By advices from the Department at iS9r, it was Council of Women should take the often reiterated that the central thought Washington. D. C. I am informed in initiative in convening in this country a of the Council Idea is the equal representaanswer to niy inquiries, that the silk secCouncil in tion in its deliberation and its policy of all tion of that Department is abolished, owing meeting of the,. International the ideas and objects represented by the orno eggs 18937 it was voted that the regular sessions to lack of hence appropriations Council should be postganizations belonging to Ihe Council; will be distributedrthis season consequently of the National therefore, it is that the membership of an one year, hence the next meetthere is not any prospective market for co- - poned for affect the number of the ing of the National Council of Women of organization does not 111C1C. i. X1C OCClCtaij cfofpc.that votes that it has in the Council, where each the United States will be held in Washingexperience of the past quarter of a century ton in February of 1 895. The next meet-inorganization belonging to it has one vote on iiiai uiuuig j therefore, of the Executive Committee all questions that come before the Executive jticuiariy to 1S9 1 , shows that in the United States and twro votes on all questions Before it Committee, will be of unusual importance. . c' r 'a r Silk Culture cannot be made profitable unmat come Deiore.me pmmuiee 01 be laid full reports by the President, will der existing conditions. Secretary and Treasurer, as nuigements, and where no one else, exCorresponding be must done is Therefore it seems what well as by the Recording Secretary of the cepting the General Officers of the Council, which experience by private enterprise ; ' . - 1 g, r-- . 1 a a . 