five vars- - oldv gave 7 two selectioni qii the : iul'to sayi what 4ts Jaws JnJo child --vote apo!i ' these momiitniis: jiestiGiis (vicyUir arid .: wa4idudry7ipplauded;dlic musical geuiiiSr as was his lather, who is j interests of iffe :HotvwilFtl vlio-: 1 have ' no 'representation save : now a" tine; violinist. Thomas: Dobson sex hand-cart ;Y citizen- - came- over the plains with the V: Editor.; tlixough them? Will their claim r, frozeii-i-t Uiese com paiiy and had both hi s fee t ship be guarahteed to them through Teat erand noble hearted sons- of the soil ; keCuy,Ut3hv; tins live es-- ;. must be . WOMAN'S - h -Y- : ' i T" V- ' BSfMELINE B, WE LIS, , , : W 4 : ' ': - ? - k i Published semi-mtmtol- ; y., truth ITltirworld in Salt 6 Tcs?-ws- :ii&t;iM ; jte'-OO- neeel of dis- - A liberal. . xo .. . a.ta'Uo3'pjmeeryj :; ; "7: ' ""7 Salt ..r . RELIEF SOCIETY EXCURSION, THE NEED OF THE HOUR. THE"rst:exeursion- - the Relief Soriety time when evernaa was ceieoratea on rnaay;, iiugusi oc-- " V- There t never has-bee- a n there was greater need 'of activity and 24, 1894. and was a most interesting diligence in looking after the interests of casion. Some of the committee went over this community than the present. To to the Lake in the forenoon to look alter securely guard all the sacred rights of the matters, and 'at 2.1s v. m. there were four- - -- . people of fair Utah should be the first con- teen cars crowded full to overflowing, sideration of those who- - assemble in the lef t the depot en route for Saltair. A rriv-- . various districts and conventions. In thesC irig at the pavilion baskets were deposited serious matters partisanship should be unin"the ereat dining tfall andlthe committee known.- It. is .a common interest , for "the and their aids prepared fdr the program "of of the; state with all its people exercises. 1 he Relief bogety: banner had and not for the few who manipulate its benIvuucr. inTa consnicuous olace. also the affairs." The whole commonwealth and streamer representing the Silk 'Industry, all the various needs, of all the departments .noting, the time the association was of labor, education , enterprise and every- organized by President Brigham Young., President George Q. Cannon vho had thing which enters into..the growth and a of people depend largely upon been speciall: invited to speak and President prosperity the work of these preliminary "proceedings Angus M. Cannon, Sisters Zina D. H. The Young, Bathsheba W. Smith, M. Isabella being well and judiciously done, of a country of innum- Home. Elmina S. Taylor, E. B. WellsM. future development erable- resources.- - to be cultivated, and . ilW. Wilcox, E. J. Stevenson, Julia C. limitable wea 'i to be produced by the Howe and L. I). Alder and several other energy, perser erance, thrift and industry members of the : committee and of,, the of its sons and daughters, will depend Relief Society were seated on the platform r greatly upon the, magmticence of the Gon The Committee wore badges of white ribstfQition which issoon to be formed by bon, the name Relief Society, and the motto delegates chosen from among the people. "Charity never faileth" in gold letters, O, that supreme wisdom may be given emblematic of the work of the Society. them as it was to our forefathers, who ' The exercises with the favorite "'opened framed the glorious Constitution of our hymn 'O, my Father thou that dwellest, " will great Republic If they only build the large audience . being asked in well that the ani strong highest attainment the singing. President Angus M. Cannon possible may'lje achieved by the state and offered prayer. , the largest freedom and opportunity given President George Q. Cannon gave a to all her citizens irrespective ol sex. short speech suitable, to the occasion upon - The men who frame the Constitution for the grand work accomplished by tlieYRelief the State of Utah are expected to build a Society ainong the needy, the sick and the Structure that will be permanent, that will afflicted ,"andTrefejrrejn ha ve. a sure foundation - and will not " need and encouragement .to the diligence and continually patching up because it is not patience with which the sisters had labored, equally well poised and properly balanced setting forth the aims and objects of the in all its parts; the strangers who visit Society and the blessing it had been to beautiful Utah all agree that it has the ad- many, and praying the blessing of the Lord vantage of almost any other section of upon the efforts made and upon the assem- c: country in our broad land in . natural facilities and. in beauty of location, and The Cecelia Club nine VOtincr Inrlipc: nil therefore it should have-th- e the wisest fine singers rendered in excellent voice the best, and the strongest Constitution, to corres- SOnf of "Mntlifr'c T nlloKv o...: ." o ixc ovviab j. l, n.itijf Y ; pond with its belongings Warblers in costume, three ladies and two There is no doubt of the prog ress of the in the quaint fashion of their Western world in time to conie, and it can gentlemen "ative country were an attractive already boast of its brave, grand, loyal a iub and their musical warble so well feature, suited to patriotic sons and daughters, born in these the Swiss mountains sounded well in the Western wilds of hardy pioneer ances- -great Mrs. open C.' Louise pavilion. try, and these brave, true, strong" and the elocutionist gave a "Model patriotic men (for women have not yet the Discourse" (humorous) and Eli H. Pierce privilege) are about to take into their keepa comic song. ' "There's a lock on the g of the new state chicken ing the future :oop door." Master Bertie Clive j -- . -- well-bein- g ; -- -- - ( " , to-joi- -- -- -- oijiiere-gattierecret- - ! ! . j i ' well-bein- . r was- - very : pleasing style; tihd :Uie''dress -- 1894. - Shall pending. the declaration of Abraham Lincoln, who privileges said, "I go in for all; sharing-thof the government among those who assist in bearing l its jburdeiis byno means ex- :1l cliiding women." ;:v WOMAN'S TEXrENTr Salt' Lake City, UtAiL Enterfd at the Tost Offset in Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter, September- j, ' lhenrtakeribrt Address all business communications to Lake City,. hour,'-- is h' , imer-ativ- e J gives it in good v tis'j)eciaHy. beebmg.,;".:;;'. 'MartihlLenzi gave oneeisancyaTIcesf woman see t rrm3pditlitH& honors "of statehood ; and be' content that he is still light urwiiliifeett3noLi at vofiderfutly, tEogblnhis Soth year. MrsTT ,inen shall, represent her-- ; TfV:ZLPUBLISHER ' the ' ' .XPONKNT.olTice, Rooms 227 & 228 Constituttort-Bnild- -. 2:. C. M. I . Business hours fronv iz3rt" "" " v "per "monthV count to regular advertisers." ' ----. '; m$2.6i and; now; the gavetliejp5S5p .Flmg;1!Hil5rfteDernck she lden . n her Elizabeth Huntera' Sro Highland costume gave us a Scotch da nee (she is also somewhere in. the seventies) and' fond of the exercise, .complained the music-wa- s not fast enough she has ,- , ' ; -- w-o- n ' ;. -- niany. prizes former dancing; inh times pastT1 : Miss Lyle Young gave the old fashioned "Minuet, in jthe most grarciulnmaVner7AlYP together the program was a success, though Airs. jvebad one or two disappointment s who-vato have Lizzieriiomas Edwards sung a selection, of. her own but was too ill ' to be present, and the Harmony Glee Club i (all male voices) which' was expected o. lead out failed, when toq late to secure somex other number in its place, but all things considered it was very' satisfactory. . A fter the exercises Richard Home who - had called off the program pronounced the benediction, and vthe audience dispersed. The lunch prepared by a reeshment Committee of which Elizabeth J. Stevenson was Chairman, was most delicious "and The entire Committee and appetizing, those who gave their servicestoassist with -the program were invited to partake of the . " " bountiful repast." The object of the gathering was particularly to obtain means.; to aid in establishing other home manufactures m connection Store, that witlj the Woman's those who needed employment to obtain the , necessaries and comforts of life during the coming winter might have remunerative work and not be dependent upon charity, wrhich "makes people feel so much better than receiving help. We cannot state now just how large a sum has been iraised but as the percentage allowed was only one. fourth, it could not be a great deal. The Committee feel very grateful fcTall" those who assisted in any and every way to make it a success and especially so to those who so willingly and liberally gave their services to make the program interesting, ,. Co-operati- ve - . . -- - those who sang, danced, reared etc Mrs. Home and the ladies associated with, themselves that" "the- - day was an enjoyable one and the party was a very happy occasion as a reunion' for ' "a faithful band of diligent workers. her.-mayCongrat- -- EDITORIAL NOTES. of this Stake of Zion will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this' city on Friday Sep. . 2i. Meetings commencing at io a. .m! and 2 p. m. as ttsuah A punctual at" tendance of ihe Presidents or representatives from all the several .branches in the County is specially requested, and as many of the numbers as can make it convenient to be present. It is very desirable, to have j this conference numerously attended as it is expected much teaching in reference to home industries, and Other matters pertaining to the interests of the Society will be ; . , ulate : r 