1 WOMAN S KXPONKNT - "tance blended with the shouts children. of. happy , It was as if the two; lovers stood above and apart from this little world, and looked down upon it, even as they looked out upon nines. life,, thrniirrli n'Vlpnr nml'rrvstnl O J hYicrtit nrul Kltfipd in "Rrwirl hfviiitif.il " -- V-- . -- the atmosphere of youthful hope pation, so stretched this ,kvely scene, and ! so lay life before them. Above on the mountain trair stood the girl who had once, her lover, by her side, looked out upon a little world of bright ness, warmth and beauty. Now, the sun was hidden, the sky grey with recent rains, the peaks shrouded in vast veils of vapor which lifted in places only to grow heavier and darker elsewhere. The white stemmed aspens now seemed like ghosts, gleaming wierdly through the driving mist, while the old, dead tiees, blasted by .lightning or blackened by forest fires, stood like unburied skeletons,, and stretched forth uncanny arms toward the cloud wraiths; flying above them. Flashes of lightning still threw an occasional lurid, light over the dark pictures, while peals of thunder rolled down1 the gulches and shook the crags and peaks to their At the very foundations. feet of tthe girl lay the scattered columbines, beaten from their stems by the violence of UTAH W. S. A. Recording -of the Convention Annual Semi , ' J ' The of Executive Board Territorial W: S. A. was held April 4th, Members Aggie Ilerrick 'Chairman, Minnie, Farr( Janie 1894 in the 14th Ward Assembly Hall, the u. wens in me own. West, Lizzie Anderson, Maggie Chambers president Mrs. Annie--D- . lay lor: Sarah Singing by the Suffrage Cht)ir, prayer by 'Mercy Burton, West and Aggie Ilerrick as Auditors. Mrs. Young. sAfter the organization was completed Mrs. E. J. McFarlane, Mrs. Lucy A. Clark. Mrs .Hilliard. Mrs. M. A. Grover Mrs. Emily Richards spoke very interest and Mrs. Louissa Jones delegates from Salt ingly on matters pertaining to Woman's Meeting adjourned for one Lake, Davis. Weber, Juab and Beaver Suffrage. month. . Counties represented their respective as... . Aggte 'Herrick, Cor. Secsociations. M'rs. E. S. Richards and Mrs. C. E. Ogden Utah, April 10th, 1894.. Dye gave short addresses in favor "of sufS. L. CO. frage, Dr. Ellen B. Eerguson in an able address shpwed the advantages to "be Minutes of W. S. A. held March 19th, gained by making suffrage universal. at Mrs. McCune's parlors. President McFarlane in the chair. Exercises conducted by second Vice President E. M. 1 Price. Sang (!Do what is right. V , Player 'ColumWa's by Louisa... Badger, sang Daughters." Roll called, minutes of previous meeting read aim approved. Speech by President McFarlane, "our text is Suffrage,"- suggested that Ave make friends of the men); ' 'it will be through them that we getour rights, Ter. First Vice President Emily S. Richards, gave an eloquent lecture, on Woman Suffrage,' showing that it is only right and just that wre have equal rights with . man, she also read a very excellent article entitled, "Why-oudaughters should be educated. ' ' Mrs. McCune then favored the meeting with a , r. Zina-D.-H- . . k . - ' . ' - - . r t very pleasing recitation. E. B. Wells then addressed us. Thought the" Legislature, bad done well in some respects. They had tried 0 fayor the sik t. iL. C. J muubiry uui ine ouv ernur iciubeu 10G.icrrttA sign Kill TliF Crxurr 'rv Tinrl . 11 J Ulllt VUW Krnntv llil vJl ilLVl tne memonai to congress asKing mat we have the franchise restored, also a memorial asking that the Woman's Industrial Home be given the women of Utah for a Woman's Hospital.. Thought some were very willing to help the ladies, many ladies have not the moral courage to face opposition, would like to see the meetings held in the wards, had a message sent to her that there would be a plank placed in the statehood Ter..-Presiden- 1 WA A. LA A W A LA. f Dr. Ferguson read a clippiner explaining women's voting in New Zealand, when women have the platform for woman suffrage. . tion will soon be here. 1 A aj Press Associa- - - . t- The National Woman's - ; and desolate she gazed gloomily at the darkf lake beneath her, or at the cloud fringes clinging to the mountain summits, or from time to time glanced fearfully among the sombre pines of . the surrounding forest, whose nameless dread, as if it were tho rontiioni F li - met hrcc At length she turned timidly to retrace her steps, but even as she descended the lovely trail, the cloud bank began to lift, and the familiar outlines of the mountains came into view. Behind the peaks and along the Divide, appeared a narrow ribbon of yellow sky, which widened to a glowing sea of glass, upon which floated cloud islands of a soft and pearly grey. It was as if the sky were filled with the wings of 'doves. The chill wind died to a refreshing breeze, which like the breath of God ame again from the cool gulches andhe wirTdy heights, laden with balsam from the pines, and bringing with it health' and hope, meanwhile the driving mist had spread out in long, vaporous sneetsor broken into himy streamers which again widened, divided, grew every moment thinner until before the maiden had crossed the meadow and reached the rustic 'cottage, her home dur' ing the short, mountain summer, the last, lingering cloudlet had dissolved .in the clear and crystal atmosphere, and the little Alpine valley was again a world of bright.Anna D. Thrall. ness and of beauty ! -- White-face- d murmuring filled her with Miss Imogen Wilson retary; . the storm. . Third Vice President; Miss Aggie Ilerrick, Corresponding Sec- ;Mrs. Hendershort, WOMAN SUFFRAGE COLUMN. ; suffraire thev will not trade their .votes. Song by Miss Fay McCune, excellently" bi Moonlight. Mrs. E. B. Wells made brief remarks pertaining to sunrage ot an explanatory w'asatch nature and the meeting adjourned. An executive session was held on the morning of the same day in the Exponent Office. Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatie in, the chair. Business pertaining to the various organiza tions was discussed and transacted. Nelue Little, weber cc. w. S. A. Sec. rendered encored and she; sang again. " Meeting adjourned 'till April. " M. E. Irvine, Sec, . NOTES AND NEWS. Miss Anne Whitnev, the sculptor, has completed a bust of Keats in marble, which is to be placed in the parish church of Hampstead. London, as a memorial from the American and English lovers of the . poet. Editor Exponent: Miss Julia Kemp West, of. Richmond, The Woman's Suffrage Association of Staten Island, N. Y., has just entered upon Weber County met in Ogden City on her duties as school commissioner. She has made Miss Nellie INI; Ford her private Tuesday, February 27th, 1894, for the pur; pose of effecting a reorganization! secretary. Mrs Emily Richards of Salt Lake City was Miss Josephine Rand, of Boston, has and acted as chairman until the present a VSong of Labor" and set the election of officers.' The following officers composed words to the music of "Marching I hrougu were elected Mrs. Janie Nelsen, President-Mrs- . Ofnrcrin " Tt xv bp siitifr in Boston . Hilliard, First Vice President; Miss for the first time at the reunion the Rose Canfield Second Vice President- Working Girl's Clubs, in May. . 