only child of jiis'bnlyVisten-whoJia(Ljwhen her boy was bornjand the father soon after. Mr. Harrison had asked Mrs. Bland several direct questions concerning - had nofeiri. the young ; minister, but dl. " . vraslher. daughter .U- -I called unceremonious-- : ly andmet Miss Conway since Mrs. Bland and some other timef I may; tell ou more, but for the present; that is sufficient explanation aiid now let useroJ-- .. , ' . " V one to help you, even though you are so;, my sister Anna's children are bound to is pay- self-reliant- ," cornetaieilaitland - kcu uwii-- r - rawaitf .uraau s children, ana i.aav w ai, ireeiy, the younger one more ton looks wearv and fraiL" .uncle was eccentric or away in foreign parts jeticent fwas unwilling to acknowledge he .Mrs. Bland's heart gave a great .bound which Mr: Barrington had said to her needed rest or even a charige,' but' he found that night when alluding to L his loneliness. his uncle determined to carry his point, and cousin's children was strong and abiding, he finally consented that he would go with auu sue loiigeu vi inera uany anu nouny, morning MrHarnsoii-- went direct to John Austin's humble home, liitn to good, old Deacon Meredith and ask but she wavered, in her feelings when she and inquired for Mr. Barrington.On see,-- : for his release, Mr. Harrison declared jtr thought of pnce more entering into marriage must be . final, his nephew argued against relations.--- It seemed tocher high sense of ing him he. was so struck by his resemblance to his mother, that he could" scarcely it, but the elder man was the. stronger, and justice not quite honorable to the dead, speak, "Barrington observing his emotion when Mrs. Bland joined in the persuasion, especially as she recalled how hard; it had and noticing- him to be a stranger by his "the young minister gave way and the cgii-- j dress and maimerJntuitivejy sent was -- gained ; the oldDeacon"Yare Doctor, after realizihg the true state of her -must.be his" uncle, and the prophetic words "fuse ill 'lnSjjjdcrliJ-Ba.miigton- r owu feelinestowards. the nian. who was j of Mrs.. Bland came instantly to his mind, and so delighted to know of his distinguishand. persistehtly urging now so. ardently come he,will She hada her consent to become a land." from received Mr.y Harrison letter number of friends, worthy 'womeu 1" T t r i , ana1 sne f 11 to When Mr. Harrison recovered himself Clair not long after his- arrival in America, Dur no connaeiu, aeciaeut nnauy sufficiently, he at1 dressed his - nephew and as Clair had found that his cousin Jane talk, with Sidney, as she had learned to familiarly as though he had always known was nowra widow, and was well aware how speak of him, for he was like her own him. "Sidney my boy you are so like matters stood with- Robert Harrison, he brother now almost so near her own age, your mother I was near breaking down, and inquired particularly whether there was inougn sucn women as -- jane -- isiana seem that is an unusual thing for a' man at my any hope of .his being successful in winning ; older than their years. Mr. Harrison had the affeccions of his' cousin, and added, never told her of his boyish love for his ltimeof life, in I have cousin Clarice, but she had heard it from many countries on the land and "she is the brave$t, truest ,vmost conscienon the. sea, but it is my good fortune to tious, and withal the most suerior woman those ladies at the London ball, and she find you here in this wild place, and to learn I have ever knownje veri .Lady Walton Anau.e u u iiti - iiiiiiu, auluoc veil ixcx - - 11 liic how you have won the respect and confi- - says, she has never seen; her equal." marriage was. to be; she' could not' ask him, denee of some of my dear friends, and now Mr. Harrison concealed these inquiries and she was in a to I propose to take you "under my special from- - Mrs. Bland, but read it all to his bring it about. "The old saying all things care, as if I were your own father, and I 'nephew, who" coincided and was even more. come to those who wait'- - proved true in ' shall ask these gpCKi Christian people to get : enthusiastic inher praiser By this time the life of Jane Bland. ' another preacher, and you shall have a the. two men understood each other very no mrotimrr nrlioti lior xirorn ri f f In rr In . ' V vacation." well, in fact Mr. Harrison, was at first very her drawing room after dinner, and conThe - young man could scarce find voice much .afraid, the young minister was himversation flowed freely, Robert Harrison adto reply, lie .waS so completely overcome self in love with the widow, and-th- e pardressing Sidney said. "Has Mrs. Bland ; ishioners. of course - had not with the declaration of his d been; slow in ever told you of her interesting and singuuncle, who spoke like an oracle, but realizing how circulating the story: of the intimacy, so the lar experiences at Hilliard castle?" stupid it. was not to reply, lie roused him- - new arrivaf should hear of it. - Mr. Harriself and asked, JiHoxv did you find me out, son however, soon found how matters stood, about that old ruin as they, all term it, Lady have you been in London recently, did. you and "questioned Sidney very closely concern-- ; Walton once told me It was unbearable un learn of me through Houghton & Co.?' ' til after her cousin Jane came to stay there, iug his friendship for Anna. Sidney ad"No I've not been in London since committed Maitland's jealousy but explained her father was seldom at home, and so stern ing from abroad, I am just from the West that it was totally unfounded, that he 'had and unrelenting she was alvays in awe of Indies, and had not even thought of you. been strongly attracted to Lady Walton him , and she knew nothing of her mother, except perhaps casually, sinceljearnedvou- - -- from the -- time he first met heron board there was not even a portrait of her in the had taken to "the"puipit, but I'm not going ship, ancLsaid he "Uncle Robert it ws one ail(l , 11V1 U.11 UtlC, LULU 11 it 'to find fault with you for that, or anything of those peculiar fascinations that I seemed she was uncommonly beautiful, and as you - else, Mrs: Bland tells me vou're a capital to have no power to control, it was purely nevvjier uucie Kobert shewayourown ; leuo w, almost"A her sole tnend here, and : that spontaneous vand I cousin I believe) suppose you tell us of this . . you stooa oy and sirongiy as 1 am, ipr sue connaea in me lovely lady, who died so young when there were a great solace in her most trying with the utmost freedom, and I could not was ;r cvciy uinig lu live xor. For these kindnesses alone you account for it, nor can I even now, though hours. some-futuore " I canntjioWj a t re would deserve my gratitude, but as you are I' know the kinship that exiH O. if" opportune time I mean, but pardon me it is a JallyvmyJdnsmannd-Anna couia nave Known we wrere cousins, vvilu vrreat uam x near ner aiiuaea ro. ner alone in the world, with no near relatives what a pleasure it would have been!' ' marriage was most unfortunate, a hurried we must become better acquainted, and' now. talks these two had affair, brought about by others, she never Many were the if you have breakfasted, let us .walk out together, and withlong Mrs. Bland, but Mr. loved Sir Edward Hilliard, never could in the iuci and did talk .of ou. Barrington. together open air, not lose any of that deep i.U4vc iuvesi i,: m everymiu, vciy uppubite ' ' " relationship. I am not a man of ceremonies fervor Mrs. Bland watched Mr. Harrireligious through his association with thing. as you see, but . we shall get on agreeably his uncle but in this respect-hunconscious-lson scrutinizingly as he spoke of Lady doubtless, and as you are intimate at Mrs. him to look and be to helped upward .Hilliard, she had guessed as much, then he Bland's we will call there .later on, and asmore spiritual in his character; and indeed mustell her of this, otherwise she would tonish her with the ne ws tliat we have found the society with which he mingled Puritaninever consent to the marriage he so much each other." 7' ' cal as it was, lifted him out of himself, and desired. "I was not" aware you knew Mrs. Bland he grew gradually more religious in tem3T C(Wn offrof fViaT)r nroro w y I i nr" uncle, I only just guessed from what you perament through these dominant influences together through a great loresroi tall pmes, said now, that she had told you of me, but that were all about him. He was long and vhile resting underneath the trees, Mr. does she not know you are my relative, how past his youth, and even the . meridian of Harrison spoke of his boyhood, what a then came she to speak of me, and .how did life, and Mrs. Bland when thinking seriousto ramble in the green pleasure it you know Mrs. Bland?' ' : T of the future, could not but wonder, at fields and parks and grand, old woods of ''All these questions in one, I know Mrs r ly the fate that seemed to suggest .that she England, and as he talked on enthusiasticalBland through Anna Hilliard, and I found should unite herself in marriage the second' ly of his sister and his cousin who were his her by accident much as I have you; I was time with a man so many years her senior. playmates and companions, he looked up and in London, in the gay season, and met I must tell you Jane (Mrs. Lady Robert Harrison had let her see from the said -- Anna Hilliard at a party and was struck first how sacredly he held her, and Clair Blandabruptly,. I mean) of my boyish love and ho w with her resemblance to my cousin Clarice" wrote to and her her I came to be such a restless rover, waiider- again again urging and Courtney;: by inquiring learnedshe consent, for said he, "you will, need some mg trom land to land ana never satisfied. fcVevwo -- j- , .; - The.-follow- ingr - . - : " -- - -- ' . , ' t i and-look-- his-wif- e ' " 1 - - . -- -- " , -- . . ..... - , sortot-quannaryh- . -- ow . ; : " . new-foun- , ' - -- -- . - lS-iiS- UlU A believe-she"felt- T Anna-my-toster-daug- its .. . hter . . 11-- 1 1 7 X. 1 1 9- - - e y . 1 : , had-bee- -- -- n 