t 18$ J" VtxM A K ST EXtO NKN T the tyle Ideas-o- f tries orhrr united soon, it may he Untie preach ., here, as. he tuT in the colony,' .so him Shall we material ()RIrhTshinsf and poor old : and theiC feet" in to bet: q hie tly, you feel "per hapsthKj-kooMrs. Bii rkevhovas yery lnyaUo all that "after what has transpired, believe v'me Mrs.4 need'of jo njerel igiQii Scpjisol;Uk)n1vVi TlSipsIi? ah(ldiad:Jbreig.tiers, though "Aiui why. then do you hot try 'tor look' Bland I have the utmost respect far the The : p v ed C lai r u r s p i e ( f Ji i s: ps: blood , dead , for" Doctor Bland , and for- his in .;mory into .the,Sejipnires;audc neyerhave reason to doubt it, :.invri;6f the Saviorthere isomiorralid but I,am, anxious, I strength in his wordsfeOffim ; -- " i 1 - rttiall tSmflg - first'Tinetyou. - fvr--- . -- n would teach you, aiid yoii would find peace, :nWv "the, tieiv: fancied wicker. batftfrH.'" things such trumpery, nothing solid or 1 Tabidi ug peace:" yet pe mine.'about them :cheap inieryiiiaster "It is too late for .me to accept a new expressed when we were away together, says they re expensive luxuries, I hate to "I dreadedto hear from home, that was why faith, I'must still cling to niy .owh,. though 'see them, give me oak and mahogany that you. so seldom heard from us; but it was I do like ithe simple way these dissenters have of fed in r t lie neonle thevortTljr li'ienoolTTelegaiit instead" of these, and- such necessary- - that Clair should come home, L zc'.'.J aiiul:'hangiHgs.,draj)ery4n- matters of importance required his attention', aii4 salv-t- ion " red whoever heard of it and I came to see my cousin,' and she is ' After mneh more conversation, about re- - deed yellow and fahde-rols, of but he can't. in England, but you are here and ycu are free; ligion Lady Walton surpris-- Mrs. Harrisgone, ' if you refuse me now, cannot stay here I on by saying she was sure Jier days vere help ,it )oor' fellow it all comes of his .shall take Sidney arid go away I know no I numbered.' and she becrefed her to obtain Italian blood, its sure to 4ro'p out, but his Maitland's consent to takethechiidreirilvoice, it makes up. eyerythiiigviid suclr; where'heiceds Bland you will not refuse to take me now back to America, where thev misiht have a sweet temper, strange too, more like a ttn long"" knew as I am for better or. lor. worse-- ' ' .. ' would give them. 1 1; was exactly harangue looked at Mrs. Harrison as much Bland prom ised to co n sider, w hie h Jane ' and ;lorig- - as to say, and what have you to say .in--' his derided ly-to say the; least-wa- s ivhataWlIarrison was for a woman who was actually in love, but ing for, and when she talked it over with defence, hut his cousin only(piietly looked ' it was in keeping with her wholeJife. : Mr. her husband, he begah iDtereediugjalmo.st Mrs. Burke full in the face sft4"saidf in every way worthy his title, aiid thatJ immediately, and Maitlanll 'needed very' Harrison felt assured from if he cho-- es to gratif) his own taste in he was to be accepted and let the matter little persuading. ;r " Mrs. Harrison had been much at the and about the vpace there is,mo one to say her course, pass;" in has heart ; "' : for she had Conway's future to think of castle but she had also been in; Devonshire him nay.". : ) to see the"- old home of her husbatid who which. was more to her than her own life. , tool: much delight , in showing Sidiiey as y. Some days went by .full.of pleasant inU. W. P. C. tercourse, long rambles, and drives, the well 'as his wife over the places he; had been familiar with iniiiii boyhood and in weather was fine, and companion;Minutks arjlhe. U ,:Ur P, Cv hehT-- ivDr.-Ell- is ar y'm anhoodereJiisdi fe ship suited well the mood of Aifg. i'sir 194, RShipp's ih"parlor During one of these excursions, Mrs. Bland by melancholy. Only a few. remained of President the- - chair, Pray er by Shi pp ' inadvertently admitted to .Mr. Barrington those he remembered though man) there Mrs. Alder, I). Lydia The$ecretar)' being to knew be would a were who him blank and were see future unless that her glad absent M. Ruth Fox was elected Sec. pio. associated in some way with his uncle. him among, them again and urged him to tern. Roll responded to by sentiments Sidney lost no time, in relating it, and the remaiurburno inducement could be offered from Bryant; Minnie J. Snow and Melise that would - have' tempted either of the matler was soon settled.. Meantime Wrilson were accepted as members. A very had become so endeared to Mr. Harrithree to settle down m hricrland after hav-son that he. was like his own son, and he ing lived only for so short a period in the p pathetic original 'poein was read by Xellie. , eseemed to take the matter for granted. The "new "world, " and yet for- the time being CNTaylor. An interestingand instructivheredity was then read by Dr. E' parties were so independently situated that-th- the green fields the beautiful parks, ; the paper.on verdant meadows, the luxuriant hedges, RV Sin pp; fid lowed by a very able address on matter was in theirowiiJiandsr-audijJhesamelSubjea;by:pri-Elleu::BFe- r ney Barringtqn performed the marriage cere- - the grand oldoaks, had a charm that a tions that touched the teuderest C. Louise Boydon favored the ciub with a mony in the primitive little meeting-houschoice selection on the piano and Mary A. where he had preached from the time of chords of: affection for their native land. the colony.; Only. the few people After having spent the - lovely summer Freeze read" oiie of her own poems,- after settling-iwhich a motion was made and earned that who had known them best were present reveling in the beauties of the country, . r we aevote live next meetr minutes twentyMr. no was or and there and Mrs. Harrison began preparations gaiety wedding festivito" the discussion of heredity. E. ' B: . ties whatever. A quiet wiuter; followed, for their return, Clair Ililliard was to go i"g Wells then us letters had been inter- - witir them oii"a"Vishran"d "the" children" "I; d- gave " an. entertaining and much " appreciated oa ner on'Ppu- - Tn"m ft'ith Clairfand Maitlanc, ;ward and A n n a Wal toirwe re t q beco m changed , and as early as the weather would admit mitted to their lady read "current events. Iiss Patterson not A letter was the party set sail for lhigland, to transact xpmpacjy being present. read a" from V. Nevada Davis "some "necessary buThess and to see Anna's Harrison he would come for them soon , .be-- ; member, who' is now in the Eastengaged on the New children. Lady Walton was very desirous fore they had forgotten him. Edward was York Herald. It was then moved and car: of seeing Mrs. garrison, and all things a fine stalwart fellow and, little Anna- was ried that five ladies viz. Mesdames E. B considered it wis a great satisfaction to beautiful as a dream. MrsltherselfT-t- o rLad Wnl f nn wn Castleiind CTYoun jr vvviuinie-- j . bno w pi take with tier the httltrsrjn, who. had been when the time came fori parting with them Lydia D; Alder Behuion. nrenare themselves for the discussion next born on- the estate. There were many and affirmed over and over again that she meeting. pleasant things connected with this visit to should never see them more: her whole, Syutithia Dickinson suggested that another her. beautiful English home many mem'-prie- manner of life was changed she had become time we discuss the subjects .the same even-- ' recalled, and visions of the past deeply religious and though she still clung ing they are given. . The program for next to her own established church ' yet she. enawakened, that were sweet but sad. Somemeeting was read as follows Discussion on times she trembled lest the happiness she joyed much more the simple faith of SidHeredity. Indian, traditions, Syutithia in Dickinson. the wife of one she Poem Ruth M. Fox. Recibeing experienced ney Barrington. Mrs. Harjison's Sentiments from of the old tation Ellis. Shipp. Lady Walton had once reminded her how castle, (though there had been all sorts of Elizabeth Barrett Browning. Dismissed by passiona tely her husband had i n his youth repairs and t many changes made) was al- - Minnie J. Snow. Refreshinents and the loved Lady Hilliard, and added ''it drove most as sorrow! ul as on first usual good time followed.. leaving it to hiul almost distracted when she married embark for America. She. went . over and Eox, Sec. pro tern.. ;, ' Sir Edward, and to think after that lie it with the children trough describing .the could ' ver be in love, and with some one rooms and relating what had; transpired of Miss Annh Wiiitnkv, the sculptor, has so uruMkenscarclyredit my senses in ici cw.-- 10 . mem to i impress , upon completed a bust of Keats in marble, which when I see him with you, indeed it is them the grandeur trying and significance of the is to be placed in the parish church of paralyzing,' but he is a charming friend, ancestral home of. their mother and grandas a Hampstead, London, memorial from and so clever and brilliant, and withal his parents. , There was a changeln the great American and eccentricities so fond of children. And Mr. even more than in the house poet". The bust is English lovers of the pronounced a triumph of" Barrington how I should like to hear him itself, for ' Clair, had brpuglit. home with artistic genius. Ex. ,' " - : haveiMo - V i would you . T. . T 1 . ' L,iair. kuows ine ieeiing: i - t sub--stanti- T 1 1 ' ", ai -- . - , show-ctrrtain- .r..'--i"- s t a-lt- d I 3t . . , fr i - the-simpl- .home-training-- she e -- pfa -- . 'your-maste- r-is her-manne- r ' . . , , ' : . ' ' . . - - . - " out-do- or love-makin- j 1 gs -- .. . ; Con-Wa- y -- ; . H . ; j - e " j . d wakened--emo- ! -- e " - -- 1 . - " -- aud-during-the-ti- by-the- m x A A v I . - visit-Hillia- rd ; sf -- and-Eliz- a - s ' . : : leave-takin- g , - ' R-.- -- . -- . . . - ' -- 2- a w- - l- - 