i limt. wuiUAiW . ' t and shaking hands Sister Emma-Woodruf-f. was snug and the with the President and The Doxology guests in' turn offered their personal greetings which, was a suitable closing: to a very happy and pleasant ". day. . .... t ,', EDITORIAL NOTES t passed both Houses of Legislature was vetoed by the Governor, for reasons he considered sufficiently important nth VW w5n? 3 " Gentlyof be a good attendance ZiNA D. H. E. B. RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. The general conference of the Relief Society will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall,-- , in this city, on Thursday, April 5th, commencing at 9 a. m., 2 p. m. two sessions. It is very desirable that the president of each Stake organization," or one of the board should attend this conference, as there will be mat ters of importance considered. Zina D. H. Young, - . . The memorial presented by the Hon. ' John E. Booth of Provo asking that the franchise be restored to the women of Utah was approved by the Legislature in both Houses and signed by the Governor. The Memorial signed by prominent women of the .territory asking that the Woman's Industrial Home in this City be given for a ww - TTT woman s Hospital, was appended to a memorial lrom the Legislature to the! Con gress oi the United States and that also re President. v -- Jane. S. Richards, Baths he b a W.Smith, ceived the Governor's signature. We regret exceedingly that the union of colleges was not effected and that the University received so small an apprpria-tion- , but hope something may yet be done which has been so : to save that institution useful and beneficial in times past, and for wmch such great exertions have been made; surely the people will be loyal to themselves in this matter and not allow it to back ward in this- age of progressrr Whatever may De said ot the old residents oi utah. it cannot .be truthfully said they have not maae great exertions to promote the higher education of the young people. The University has always maintained a standard of which the people mieht well be proud notwithstanding the circumstances of wionizing 111 a new country. The National Press Association of Washington D. C. are about to make a tour fn tUn. T vr:j tn 114c lVAiuvviuLer anuj nave :iuvhcu ft,Q rair wnter to extend invitation the to some of her friends; they will stop over aere return a short tim on their return from the Pno them a hearty welcome and some sort of uuaoie demonstration. v: A BTTSTMTf c:q cpctinn of the Utah W. S A. will be held at eleven A. M, on Wedsns-da- y April the Ah in the office of the Wo man's Exponent, Room 228 Constitution p-- -- t ' 1 it-- - "unumg, Mainbt., Terntonai unices, xxyuorary Vice Presidents and all officers and delegates from the Auxiliary Associaiionb are urgently requested to attend. There will be a" of the Utah W. S. A. meeting held ori Wednesday afternoon, April 4th, . - ' - LADIES SEMI-MONTHL- Y Minutes of the Ladies' - MEETING. Semi-monthl- v Meeting, held infthe 14th, Ward Assembly Rooms, Jan 27, 1894. President M. 1 Home presiding. "When the voice of friendship's heard." Prayer by Sister Frances Smith. Continued by singing, "O, God we raise to thee." Minutes of the last meetinsr read and ap- proved. President M. I. Home said, "I hope we shall have a time of refreshing:, on this lovely day. I am so glad that 'the winter has not been a very severe one. The Lord surely tempers the elements for the good of His people. Spoke of the troublous times, which was one sign given in prophecy which was to ' precede his second coming. Said the present depression was one of the signs for men's hearts do fail them, for they know not what is coming. r Snoke of a Psalm of David, which of the neonle entire 1 r comingo to a wilderness r of the many blessings here received, -- and then after that they should again be brought here, yet the Lord will bring us out of all nnr distresses, and we will see His mighty deliverance. The Prophet Joseph also ut tered the same warnings. Sisters sang a hymn. PresinVnt Z. D. H. Younff. said "I esteem this a great privilege, to meet with you. The question comes to my mind, as sung in livmn.: "How will Zion be tree.'" 5y serving our God these few sisters here areV ftw Faithfulness to the GosMo-fr free. Spoke pel will make men and women of the Temple, said every stone is a free Af3tf nor OT the saints. Think of it tt11 sisters a temple where God and Heavenly Think of our young; ' ladies, hear them speak and testify, hear intheir essays, full of the Gospel, full of telligence. My heart is full of thankfulness for these things. Sisters if all appreciated the good received in these meetings, there; would not be a vacantiseat in the room. I ask God to bless every one who will .bear , -- . j "'t k 1 - L . - , things. : Sister Larson offered a fervent prayer for the poor, the sick and the afflicted. Sister Jane James and a number of Asters bore testimony. Every one speakT ing desired the blessing promised by President Z. D. H. Young it was truly a time of rejoicing. Sisters Phebe Q. Young and Mary Ttassett arfrlerl' their testimnnv filso Sisfpr r Workman. Sister Mary Ann Hardy of Payson spoke well and at some length, bearing testjiripny. Sisters Forsyth and J. C. Howe bore excellent testimonies. Sister Frances Smith and L. D. Alder : Counselors. -- . . . -- Young, President , Wells, Secretary. . i . . . Sister Hazon desired more confidence to ... speak of the goodness of God. Sister Er Barrus desired to put her" trust in God and do her duty. Sister Phelps felt that the Lord would pour out blessings for the great work now f iner rirnn wuv Tvv-vix i ay u. iud i. 1lilC vivuv tu fHa ivuiiv.. Dm.. Lord would give us hearts of firmness, that we may not be turned from the truth. Sister Tate felt thankful for a standing in the church, knew that this was the work of God, and desired to be faithful. , Sister Irvine said we come here for a, blessing yet, we often go away without it because we do not bear testimony. I feel thankful to my Heavenly Father for everything I have had to pass through and humbly ask to be kept faithful. Sister Aird said I have seen theower of the Lord made manifest, have seen those almost deadTaised by the power of God. Sister Minners felt blessed in bearing her testimony, knew this was the work of God, and desired to be faithful to the end. Two sisters in the Congregation bore faithful Testimonies and said many "good - " from, the1 outside countleS) some prominent people have been invited to speak, and the will doubtless be an interesting one.meeting , . A' their testimony. ' justify, among which were the financial condition of the Territory-whi- ch precluded" further taxation arid the Democrat principle! of equality for all, special .privileges for none, also the many industries asking for bounties etc. "The Library bill "which passed was also vetoed ana aunougn a committee of ladies called upon the Governor requesting him to reconsider the veto, he defended his position and positively declined to. do anything. Some other bills containing obiectional measures to women interested in public matters to which suhrage women had objected were either killed, or so far modified as to need no mrtner protest. , com- - ivwms, "'wuui) When il is oijicersjind members to 4 P-,m- Meeting on Thursday the in Salt Lake Assembly Hall at' April 5, eleven A. M. for- - the transaction of such businesses may come before the Board of ' Directors. the-recen- ' . 109 The National Woman's Relief Society will hold a Business Tim silk bill asking for ,tjie bounty on cocoons' to1 encourage, sericulture which ' in the EXPONENT. 1 " " followed. President Z. D. H. Young spoke en couragingly to the sisters, said she had been edified by the many faithful and wonderful testimonies borne. Sisters let us learn to say "Thy will be done, God bless you for- ever." ; President M. I. Home said, sisters let us profit by the lessons learned here today. vvc aic a.n in uic uuuua ui mc , iuiu, ctuu we know "Whom He loveth He chasteneth" May the blessings of God go with you to your homes. Meeting was adjourned for two weeks. Sang "Lord dismiss us with thy blessing. " Benediction by Counselor E. Stevenson. Lydia D. Ai.de r, Act. Sec. - Elise Hwasser, Mmk. who died re- cently, was for forty years the greatest Swedish actress. Mme Hwasser delineated the heroines1. in Ibsen's dramas, and also played- the leading Shakesperian roles. She retired to private life in 1888. Miss Maktha E. Parker is secretary of the New England Tariff Reform League. Miss Parker became a clerk in the office of the league four years ago, when the Hon. Charles S. Hamlin, now an assistant secretary of the treasury, was secretary. Temporarily she undertook the duties of the office when Mr. Hamlin resigned, and the league, recognizihg her efficiency and familiarity with the work, have since made her permanent acting secretary. She has charge of the League- - headquarters Boston, where a number of clerks are kept busy, and a large correspondence is carried :.: : ; on. l - - -- 1 