V won An s -th- 111 tllfci residemFondgavean excellent iiit ; : iiaic. reporieti ;,otv ; . rPrPc T goodand ever' k nown duty; spoke o f at-Jeii$- axliprted:-4hesistssto- . ..lUiW . - We7-reache- ...V A tohe house where we met ters iie vl y :o r4jani'ed 4 .of nd a-ba- mee;-tiug- young sis i n a new la n d. held a m eeting at" 2 o'clock. Preside n t Hi g IT ginson presidin after the abopiung to 4" as ruhilalmuc instruction exercises," our previous meeting was ziven. Bishop counselor was present. , I Jiel iistersex-- not forTollman was glad lhe sisters-h- ad horted" all to be laithful' and gave general God of and asked the blessings instruction concerning Relief Society work. gotten' them to attend us on our journey. Here they How to keetX:ilie-ecx)rC4? rrectlyv mod ious" brick meeting, tliem a piece of land while the country is ha yea laigs-co- jfi house well finished and furnished by the .uew so they could make permanent im- labor of Iheir own hands. The brick - was )ro'emehts and beepme inde)endent in'4'.. burned and also the lime ;;by yinembers of this matter. Asked the brethren to be their ward.- The seats were made by load liberal and assist their wives. Thought it mechanics. The , .whole , inside surface, would be an excellent ideajorje-sterto walls included is 'artistically painted -- by in a take sack hand alter threshing was7 member in an original design. done and Sav to their hiisbauds. "I want 'After partaking of the hospitality of you to pay. me for cooking the same as you Bishop Tollman and Sister Call for the nave the rest of your hands, ana then I we started for Dempsie at S o'clock will be night prepared to lay up a little wheat and m. ' j 1 thereby do mv duty as a member of: the for while fall a caused rain the of RdiefVSocietv. and thev rrtm muddy tn - by 1.1 "V J. 1,vr ..m,.:,..- A .ii . give their husband's grain but let him have tor a couple of .hours aiid came to Dempsie IT ft J ne uesires 10 4j Creek quite a large stream of water flow do in his own name.". 7Tv ing through the land; it furnishes .water Pfesident Poice gave a good report of the for the new farms which have lately been labors both statistical and financial. They taken and the land has but recently been had ; a . roll j. of Kxtonknxs orr; the- table cut off from the I udian Reservation and winch was commendable showed they will soon be surveved in and market. . from the proper-sourc- e were seek! in forPartner on we came to a cany on! where the mation andngwisdom. We must not forget 1UHUC.UU xvu-c- i iuub LcLween two xiigii to say we had a nice bundle of salmon mountai ns roari ug and r ushing over great trout presented to us by Sister Fanny Wril- cliffs of Eava rock for miles down the cau- - -son which had tjcrrca yon, tall pine trees grow so near the dug- - River and which we UghTlhIieHmiuli later eiljoyed to the way you could almost putlorth your extenfof :oui ability. "At the close of this hand and pluck the cones which cover the we. continued our journeymen : meeting entire .surface of some of- them. miles W Mc. Cammon. At 7.30 we held a These lines were forcibly brought to " meeting' conjointly with Young Eadies mind by beholding them Mutual Improvement Association, PresiWoodman spare that tree dent Althea M. Lewis, 'presiding, also r - jsi ds - r- - a. -- 1 r - - ' ' I 1 I . S V W.am4-aA- J I 1 - 1 ' i . v i " - . - 1 ouch not a single bousrh jUiellaJish-pruden- t Imt leave it stand as a monument of nature in its grandeur planted by. Omnipotent hand. Here we beheld for the 'first time' water that would eventually reach and help to form the Pacific Ocean. " Praise ye the Lo.d! ' All ye mjorlanJs"tuI mountains Praise him alone all ycev-e- green hills, to 4jod ' Shout the bright flowing fountains".X ' A1iLa-1- Ule eartn vvlth " yoar-4nlody-.fiU- s. 1 Woodland and meadow flowers ' Bloom of the summer hours Bend to the wind with your anthen of praise, Sprays of die waterfall Chant ye a coralal Here at the feet of the ancient of days. ' - Wre gazed with admiration and wonder at wild and awful scenery, of nature and tried to .imagine how great had been the power that had upheaved the beds of earth and rock could it Impossible that we were gazing at the result of the destnirtinn three dark days that pur Saviour laid in the tomb at Jerusalem, and the, wicked were t. , V Association, was present; After the usual opening exercises the young ladies rendered a programme as follows. A lecture on the redemption of the dead, a duet, a recitation and correspondence, all of which was done in an excellent manner. .'. Then much timely instruction and given ;by. the visiting comnfinvf 7"EldcrNoTtoirbofe to the truth aud told' incidents of interest of the early days of Utah. We were all 'the entertained for hospitably night by Brother and Sister Norton. . This brother, Alauson Norton is one of coun-selw- - as strong-testimon- y- - ' Utahls oldestsettlers and - has -- passed, through many of the persecutions of the early rise of, the church. He operated the first carding factory in Utah at Mill Creek, he also set in motion the spinning machine and power loom in the Sugar House ward ior rresidciit lingliam Young. He also - -- , to-tre- t" -- aouse is not finished but is; substantially built of brick and is so near completion that they can meet comfortably. in it Avhile it is warm. After meeting we partook of a bounteous repast at President Eliza Hale's and returned to Thatcher Ward and spent a most enjoyable evening withjtfshop Pond -- hnd family, in their beautiful home. His" new house is of modern" style of architec-tur- e both. convenient and handsome. ' , r- Ciiesterfieldaty i '2ja'jd6ck-- d -- ' our-miast- ' 7 .... :: ances. , -- 'AC'j o'cloclrwe : repairecl - - .' aaxii, 43 LU SCli, al Elder-Joshu- ' LU . - - UtXIC.tUIXlCU. - - ' lCT UgalU , paring for a time of famine and want by laying by a supply of wheat, needles and " ' ; ; which is really too bad when we have so, nluch' need':or" its beiiiiTx manufactured athome and thereby give empio)ment to tlfe . many who need employment m . - After dinner we returned over rivpr. accoiding ip previous arrangement aud held afternoon session, at 'Mound Valley Ward wliere we met Bishop Bennett and Counse- lors and also Brother Bennett's aged mother. Bishop Pond and wife Solomon Hale J uu: and wife and many others accompanied lis to. Mound Valley. - Meeting commenced at 3 o'clock, President Eliza Hale presiding. The' singing by the choir was much enjoyed." All were united in such a way as to unite the hearts of all, and the words of comfort and instruction flowed from each' speaker in an easy fluent stream. ' The new meeting ; . . PresidmLxVJiarlersrxSeJof:theq.lantitrgi of mulberries and raisintr of silk, of t)re . : V East to be manufactured into - pins &c. andjj r4ising joLurJowncocoons' and- making our own thread as we could very easily jf we. would commence now. Spoke.cf the blessed privileges we can enjoy of laboring' in the Holy Temples for the redemption of our 3ead relatives- of the sweet spint of teace which pervades the temple and testified to the goodness of, God lowarus ner auruig ner sojpuni- here upon the earth. She had been so greatly blessed that she had the work done for seven hundred of her dead relatives. Hawks followed with many good and appropriate remarks too numerous to mention. .Bishup Pond felt to appreciate the visit of the sisters and knew what they had said was the word of the Eord unto bed '...:,-inch were filled ..-- .. with waterto be used by the peW settlers : in' this vicinity. ;1; ,'1 . e .sud cam :lfterdea vi n oYQve giny ana visier jnnce wuo ur us and had a sumptuous dinner waitjng lor us; wlnclr we partook of with a relish, enjoying at the same time a lively chat with old acquaint Bancroft; ndpiled" .learned to speak the two loreign languages,. al SQIpokeo f the pp wer of pra) e i , e LC. pz tTounselor D. E. Dudly gave timel-y- instructions to the secretaries. Said Order, ' and it Avas is the"keystohe necessary that our records should be writ ten correctly ylthojbdilckjnk-very4thing with place and date; . Roll to be called with proper date also all of members recorded ' with, .date. All members moving away should be given a recommend and their jemoval recordedrso we may be able to refer to it . atanjJutiure get any inciden t" that "might be needed. "It we are lo be iudired bv the books how necessary that our good works should be 7 recorded, etc. - irom'!cb1d;;t d. g-tl- ie , werepresent. . Lto. . : those-;wh- o : we'stoDoed an hour to feed teams and eat a - . ,r-,::- " ing the' Lectures on Faith in the Doctrine and Covenants, in. their meetings and many ' r ".. ..;Z'-"other things .; Counselor M. Hawks spoke' cf the mission ' of motherstheir duty to their children, of her two jsons'whQ'Jiad.:ji.4r turned from the Islands of the sea after having performed honorable missions and - .:e tralato - suffered-- gre'afl':;'" read- T- . ; .. chosen-people- own . eantment and, the; lace of mged, or did this liphcav- H'lM rl:1UiNWiiiwiitv into 0.urltr?7OT!fe434e m the days prjreieg, wiieu. who began ttfieel weary1! the sisters , as, ine weatoer nau ueeu cuka iu, iavmj nrsc. a u oi tne irom.-m. of God ,to dent Tox snolre of the Goodness . , r a . "his Said we were organized injto'a Relief Society by revelation for our . f 'Monday 1 destroyedwas-smoraiiier at 6 o'clock.. the air was cold and nature e-minutes, of, the" previous conlereneewere read and abDroved! cncietvre piiv tl.p:r .TA'i." ... - exercises usual jiigilAter--4he-- - EXPONENT. builtjlie woolen factory in Brighatn City in TS71, and went East 30 Massachusetts and it up and put it lghyhegmachinery-rse- t' . r 