1'J6, WOMAN'S has any vote. The vote allowed to the General Officers 5s, of course, allowed on - the understanding that the General officers of the Council as juch, represent no organization belonging to the Council, but stand only for the fair- - application of .the Council Idea to all work undertaken by it as. a whole. It is hoped' that every organization be longing to the Council wijl, at the approaching meeting in May, be represented by both its President and one delegate, and that all patrons of the Council will be . : present at the meeting. At the present juncture nothing is more necessary to the interests of the organized work of women in the United States than that an accurate knowledge of the history, the objects and the methods of the Council, and a just conception of the Council Idea shall be spread and propagated throughout the country. The proposed meeting of the Executive Committee and Committee of Arrangements will be held on the 7th and 8th of May in the city of Philadelphia. The local preparations are in the hands of Rachel Foster Avery, Somerton, Philadelphia, Corresponding Secretary of the National Council 'of Women, to whom all those preparing to attend this meeting are requested to write. May Wright Sewall, ; President of the National Council of Women of the U. S.t and General of the International Council. Vice-Preside- nt Rachel Foster Avery, : Corresponding Secretary of the National Council of Women of "the United States. IN RURAL ENGLAND. EXPONENT. persuaded to fraternize with any. of his friends, though many offers Dr. Bland managed all the necessary business matters that required immediate attention and Mr. Barrington! rendered him all the aid in his power. Mrs. Bland had the heaviest burden to bear, for she had not only her deep sorrow for the loss of her nearest, almost her only relative but the responsibility of 'Lady" Walton's entire domestic establishment. The two children were as much her care now as her own, and yet she could not do just as she liked, for Edward's nurse was wilful, and any interference Avith her management roused her temper even from Lady Walton herself. Maitlandvvas useless in this cnsis, and Mrs. Bland felt as if ari avalanche had suddenly fallen upon her - The increase of care and anxiety for Dr. Bland also worried his Wife, she knew how much more' he, was doing than he was physically able to undertake, and she -- were-extende- d. . ; .' Walton House in the piaiu, where' she had. atlittle tended service usually on the Sabbath-day- , the sermon" had been preached that melted to tears every listener k the remains of the beloved one were laid away amonir the tall pines near by, where oi$y a few 'simple slab marked the resting places of those who had died in the little j colony since its bClUCliiCiik. axci juaiu uiauc iuuu iauicillH- and tioh, MrsrjBland whose heartfelt grief was greatest' of all, kept it within, nor showed any outward "sign to the multitude. As soon as possibleand really before any positive method of management of the family matters hiid been settled, Maitland announced to Mrs. Bland his intention of meeting-house- , ' -- going to England, and Young Barrington had stood by Maitland, coming the moment the message of her death wras brought to him. It was on the "Sabbath day just as he was 'leaving the meeting house, after having preached an impressive sermon, rendered "lucre solemn because of his intense sympathy for the family now- passing through such a severe ordeal of grief and suffering. He had been thinking of Anna, to whom he wras greatly attached, and .who had made, him a confident in the most innocent way, for although Anna Hilliard was. nofbrought up religiously her nature was of that refined and pure type, that is termed spiritual. Barrington's influence was good everywhere, and especially so for Maitland; the Doctor was very fond of him and both families were in the habit of attending at Jhe little primitive meeting house where every Sabbath day he preached to the few devoted followers who assembled there, and - many times during the wTeekat prayer meetings; he was one of the most conscientious and truly devoted followers of the Reformed Church. It scarcely seemed possible to the Wab ton household that, the fair, sweet, young mistress, whom all loved so tenderly and reverenced with such devotion could be thus suddenly taken from them; and the giief of the servants equaled almost, that of Lord Walton himself who refused all proffered consolation, and only asked to be left alone. Dr. Bland was his adviser and confident he insisted upon being admitted ,at all hours and would take no denial. Mr. Barrington would gladly have remained with him, but he could not be shutting up the house. ?And;pray what disposal will you make ot the children during your absence." said Mrs. Bland in her most plaintive tone it seemed incredible that he of voice,-fo- r , r iv rj realized how.muchTmore manly it would be She in Maitland, to take some of the actual from these motherless little ones. believe in him earnest yet responsibility of the distressing situation could scarcely so indicated. i had upon himself, instead of shirking it, and his manner to that Anna, and your kinship supposed leaving others to do double duty. the interest" be so would children in Speaking to Mr. Barrington she said "I your d have no patience with such strong, that you nvould not wish to. be men as these young Lords and Baronets, separated from them; your house is large they know nothing of life as it really is, enough to take them both in with their Maitland is far better able to see after his nurses and your heart I am sure would say, own affairs than Dr. Bland, (you know how yes! I shall soon return with my mother, ill my husband has been the past winter) if she can be persuaded to leave Walton yet he shuts himself up like a child, and Hall, and then we shall relieve you of the daily anxiety, though I am sure you will forgets the living who .should be his constant care I long to tell him, but he always be like a second mother to Anna's wouli not take it from a woman, nor from children, and I shall never give them anyone I presume, his father was almost as another." Mrs. Bland knew not what renlv to weak, and what ' can we exrSect of sons as usual, she was reared totake no active part in a world full make but determined to speak her mind. It seemed of work as well-a- pains and realities." "But his mother, Mrs. Bland cannot she an opportune time, she took in the situation as a whole; she knew how willing he be appealed to for aid in this extremity?" said Mr. Barrington "His mother is in was others should bear his responsibilities, . il was 01r ilme same type, ane great trouble at present in fact Maitland anaJ nis moiner was sent for only a short "time ago to come had lovea Anna as a sister and desired to and help her out of some embarrassment, watch over her children, but she felt that the though of what use he would have been I father ough t at least to accept the position do not know I am sorry for Lady Walton of a parent, she had hoped it would have not in herself equal to any great trial." aroused his manhood to have such a charge "What then do you think will be the upon his handstand heart but she saw course pursued by Lord Walton, is there no now with sorrow and with pity r that even one who can come forward and show him Anna's death had not had the effect she had the path of duty in reference to his hoped and looked for. Mrs. Bland almost children's welfare;' said Mr. Barrington choke with emotion as she said "Maitland with the most serious air. "I fear not at I must speak to you as I think a sister present," replied Mrs. Bland we shall have should, you must be aware that there is a to make the best of it under the circum- 'solemn duty iesting upon you in the care stances, and my husband will do all, and of these helpless children, a duty which more than he oughtbut the friends we cannot be fulfilled by any one but yourself, know here are most considerate and helpful. and I entreat you now, as you value your It is the little ones for whom my heart future happiness, and theirs, not to leave aches; if Anna could only have said what them here and go away. I will do my she would like I should have insisted upon part but you must also do yours, as a her wishes being carried out to the very father should" letter, but we none of us know." Here-Mrs- . "But my mother needs me cousin Jane, Bland broke down completely, and she is in great trouble as you know, and it her young friend who wras like a brother, is my duty to stand by her and defend retired leaving her to recover composure, her." ;V'v--:,:r knowing so well that it would be better so, 'Cousin Maitland far be it from me to than to offer words of sympathy which wish you to neglect your mother, but she is ' were all in his power to give. He too felt a woman in years; and has seen much of keenly the loss of Lady Anna and his the world, she will not be at a loss for friendship was sincere for the sorrowing advisers, she has those near her capable of ones; Dr. Bland had asked him to speak; giving good counsel, and she can wait;--sh- e at the funeral, and he scarcely knew whethlitwill not you to leave these er his spiritual courage would be sufficient tle children toexpect come to her, they should be for the ordeal; but he would not flinch. first thought. T cannot consent to All that love and the most hallowed your your my better judgment tells me it tenderness . could do, was done - with wouldgoing, be wrong, Anna would not have forreverential feeling for the mistress of the saken these children had you been taken 1 , of-spee-ch weak-minde- self-possess- XXXVII. J and when ed s 1 - - ' - ; "V-.;- 