; - tell 'lier:;Vaiidn"fCor1ier had warned- her against unhappmess as she ' " t: felt shu woii 1 Id-iio- t, - arryin?-a-young--ma- lona n. 01 me -- seas. . r',i V i, 0 M A NS KXPON hNT, T if- Jiernmd not the baby ahti Eleanoras'soon as lite' was well.' chard grew worse and his mother' becom-l- i ii'rntis m mini I rn T in - vo T( i M rin BristoLto come;-- ' arid to trv to get Shirley's i r . ' to, write to Eleanor bnt'to go .her. father in in : JpnxlOtU"-n1.VJIH i Xmas ,1 'v vuit. child ren ; iYss&wa. vl be with the.pp&party - "UV Shirley apa. , win to a o .v..-. 7 ' i v.t m i it in the great seaport; Biistol, lie had searched u us K,.wl I nana cno r I..., imeaketf-T' ... eft-no" .. t method one .whole week, and .'J be thereto Miriam set Off Eleanor to she was suffering' greatly, from .over 'shade Xmas.' As she can helo herself a Doctor had been were over be- rs riHi inn?- wiiii iru' i"jrwi ni nil v the woraan in whose, house" she ti, two. .,;flif "Myi Iiriam'has had had taken lodgyigs. was, wild home if possible; and she cared not what strange forbodingsjmd peculiar dreams' with j.oy, and yet tortured with! mental should Income of the little mother. - Miss !said rEleanor -- to Miriam Gentry, .'Iiiopfe ... serious liariii'' would" come, to her . , interviewed went to ."JC your comingis , the . .fulfillment, J teel that after. all; - she scarcely realized how matters Holton be pending, and I dread rs Bartonbutrrrto no purpose. sonitoing must .i i i stood' so unstrung were her iiei ves, and .so Vy oiing--ii s ueauij no acmy was .granuma but She cnange, any firm, great respectful "upon over excited "her brain. "$end for her would I though sad' for us, has left us.indepeudent, my child into her keepmother," the physician, had said, when call- count,I would give rdther beg my bread, from I am going to take a long- 'rest, perhaps go' ed in; and the' mistress of the1 house had ing,. door to door." Miss .Holton was amazed, out to India, I fancy somevay that Shirley answered, 'she has no mother, but she is when Eleanor's grandma came in to be in- is there." Miriam Gentry sighed, "Why married, see she wears a ring." troduced, to. find her, an old schoolmate; do you sigh' surely you have no news of 'Then call her husband here im- whom she had lost sight of years before, him or you would have written?" Miriam ..mediately," was his reply, but before many and many reminiscences were recalled to scarce knew how to tell the story she- had. hours had elapsed he came. each of thos'e. mature women and the day coim2to unfold. Eleanor saw it m her exa to Miriam was 'a pleasant one after all. When Aunt pression, and said; "Miriam is the hews note Shirley dispatched "Come words without -- Richard was sinkingGrace arrived at Gentry, only these you Ibring "good orl jll, tell me quickly?" she is,' may die,.'.' rapidly, but as scon as she could sue tola .."either but very.: important, especially so delay, Eleanor very. ill, soon there Mrs. Barton, "Klealior- comes of a fine old to Miriam. Hp" father died years ago, and Miriam was "Shirley." " signed and in charge, and very shortly after a babe Bristol family, her grandmother was at she is the only lieir to Mr. Barton's wealth. " was born and the pale, sweet school with me there one of the rhost charm-- I "Go on" said Eleanor "I can bear all now called her, Miriam from her birth. Eleanor ing girls, married a brilliant officer, a wid-- I nothing more can come to me from him," I was happy now notwithstanding what she ow now with" a moderate income and as always feared he would not come, it is all '' .. '' had suffered,' and recovered speedily. grand as a Duchess in "But over now." appearance. Shirley was anxious to take her back to the child Aunt Grace, can I have her? I "Yes he died true to you Eleanor and M- said "No! Never! take me shall be left childless you see, Richard can-- i hoped' to come to d in far away buj:xshe to E to my grandma ' now, and I will not live.". "' Bombay on Christmas eye, so young not. " be to content, try SoMiriam,Shirley,and It was hard for Aunt Grace, who loved yet thirty and you stillhoping and teaching off set one the cold in baby stage coach, her niece to se: her- in grief but she must Miriam to love him." ... morning and were; put down at Grandma speak plainly, "No Laura you never Will, "HbT do you kuow all this, and are you Morton's door not many hours after; 'the have that child unless the mother should sure?.IecanttQt:Jfc Bartbir' ' old lady's delight was exhilarating when , '.' die.'; ; my baby's father dead and we not know it; she saw the happy party arrive: In a few days loneliness and gloom set-- I so strong, and me. so frail, and still alive, heard nothing of the troubles of- her tied down all these, weary, dreary years of upon the Barton home; a. mound "No more parting now, I shall .in the churchyard was all that remdined of through "darling. I .will not believe it until never dare lose" sight of you again." said the frail child so beloved there was no tid- - tmourning. have the proof. ' ' saw love he when the she Shirley, ot bhirley, nor of his young" wife, and expressed "A sad .Christmas for you and Miriam but for her grandma; but he did not measure .ings babe. Aunt Grace stayed on to relieve alas life itself is sad and full of ..mysteries." his own strength correctly; Miriam believed" Mrs. Barton of household cares and comfort "Indeed Miriam, but there are true hearts in him, so did Eleanor; but his resolves her, in her great affiction, and Mr Barton and noble souls and you have proven one were vain; be was too near the sea; his plunged into his business affairs trying to among a' thousand, stay with me always mother reproached him with ingratitude, drown his sorrows. ' Miriam you loved Charles Barton and . and Richard; was lying ill nigh unto death, Years', went by and but few changes came, SrrirJe yJjorJrissa k e 3vew i 1 --s h a re a - w it h "leave Eleanor with the nurse and come to Eleanor lived .on, some - letters had' come, you if you will stay with, us, we need you us," his mother wrote. But Shirley-coul- d full of more adventures and extended most," just then the younger Miriam not , he worried "was per pie xed a nd restvoyages at sea, but as Shirley, sailed from entered the room her golden curls and fair less, "tjje sea will bear me away out of all place to place, stopping only at seaport brow so like" Shirley's, "O.Aunt Miriam this, Miriam will look to baby and Eleanor, towns, her letters so full of love and hope here, how. lovely, I dreamed of her last I will go aboard a merchantman, a few never reached him; "He'cometh not" she night, that Lhe..brought' us precious jewels months voyage, around the Mediterranean, Over and over when alone; and he so dazzling and. brilliant that our eyes were and. when I return ail will have settled v repeated blinded with te"ars, and ' when weI.opened Degan to despair; he wrote to his mother, down to quiet." And so lie sailed away for iv r icuuig ner ne was now only tt' a ' lew . , leaviriET iMinam months oi in charge ashes. , . , e ner to pale i u ouiuc)- uarion asKing i f him some news of his wife and child- - giv hnt "It is true 'ashes to ashes' our jewels of there too and Nellie as he had endearingly she never even sent ed the message to them love and to ashes, and called - her since her illness, she seemed nttA r .1 r i Miriam brings today instead of 'Peace on . ; 7 ""vi i u 3 wds me iabL ever neara mm n m : such a. child,. Had consented to lus having a AWrot tt t w.. lit. tic earth,' Peace to his ashes, far away, your uut v.aio ain.1 wucui i:tn change, besmes he must earn money, he Miriam was grown to womanhood and . father sleeps in fair. But ere Bombay. would not accept it from his father while Eleanor had made for herself a competence, another year -- rolled ground the estate was his mother, declared that unless he returned an honored name, though afictitious one, settled, aud Miriam, Eleanor, and her fair to M with his wife and child he should her pen. Miriam Gentry always faithby daugh t er knel t at Shirley ' s grave strewing ; never have a penny with her consent, his ful learned tfrom Mrs. Barton, (who now that it with; flowers on .the next Christmas Eve. father had remitted sufficent to pay all ex- - her husband was dead, no longer feared . penses so far. and even morej but .Mrs. MorMiriam's influence) that Shirley was dead. ton was poor , and his wife must have Miriam- determined NATIONAL-AMERICAWOMAN to unravel the secret delicacies. And Shirlev saikd ,,awav brave which had been kept from his wife and SUFFRAGE CONVENTION. d and strong intending to return she and child, succeeded; by means of winin a short time. At first all went well,' the confidence of Aunt Grace now ning In accordance with a resolution" passed, at Miriam went back to M and answered all her dotage. ' , the last meeting of our Association in the numerous questions of 'neighbors but was Christmas eve twenty years after It .Mrs. Barton would not - condescend to inAnnual Washington, the Twenty-seventiPflShirley-Sretururt- o National-AmericaConvention of Wothe Mr. quire, Geniry informed the elder. BarMiriam a confirmed old maid over : ton his em ployer at the first onnortn n tv .forty. man Suffrage Association will be held in ' ' ner sister had a half dozen JUqttie children Atlanta, Georgia, in De-- . Give's Opera giving huu full particulars, which he repeated r aud rs. Gentry had nast awn v. r;r,orr. I " t.u itJLlllUUl House, January 31 to February 5. to taKe nim to see iviiuuu, kept hfathersrhouse;sheThad made up the object of these conventions is to found-his-wife- , ' -l- - - un-irie- . d . . 1 -- . i - i . .1- - g-t- vapyorryand- - - - i -- j f pain-,des- t M i . - . 4 -' - . - - , - -- " child-moth- er - i ( : i you--die- -- t . - - . i " -- ! -- she-ha- dl - I- ! j j -- j ; -- 1 1 1- ; : ' . ; , j ; : 1 . i am 1 orsticiT - Majtex-Dlaresselrthemgain7l:- rr - t--t- memury-haye"turn- : : - 1 1 1 1 - -- . . N - , true-hearte- - al-mos- rin , & h -M- --aud n ' , T ' a. 