' - i , ' , - i WOANSXP. The Rights of the Vol. 22. . w , t mm In tht 'l Silk Culture in Utah Margaret A.Caine, vention Notes. Souvenirs of Lilac-Tim- e " Con- Aunt When Women Vote. Notes. '.Wl News. History of Music v Utah Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson. History of the Drama in Utah Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson. Growth of "Woman Suffrage Em. Mass. Suffrage Meeting 1894 Relief A. Caine. B!acku:ell B. Margaret Society Editorial. Editorial H. Secretaries Notes. Poetry. The Presence of God Lu Dalton. FragmentE. A and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKK CWY. UTAH, FEBRUARY i, CONTENTS: -- A. S. B. Worn cn of Ztont B. W. THE PRESENCE OF GOD. stood in the bleak, solemn midnight On the shore of the fathomless sea,' And knew that some deep wave was bringing The baptism of Death to me. The stars overhead coldly glittered Like swcrdpoints which pierced to my' soul; The frowning, unfriendly sky gTowered, And breakers with menaces rolled, I Chill winds swept the billow-top- s moaning Low dirges deep burdened with woe; Mysterious whispers and groaning Oppressed me with horror, and oh! The vast, smileless universe turning Away from my shuddering soul, Sick, sick with a terrible yearning To be not, to go notj alone. . So wide was thelnfinite Ever, So endless Immensity spread, So hollow and empty the Never, So awful the home of the Dead, " 7 Though open the wonderful gateway Tween Here and the uuknown There, Though beckoned by Nature's deep secrets, My .soul reeled in fearand despaifT7"" 1 ' "So lonely!" I cried, "oh, so lonely! How can I go forth ne To leave this warm lite Which has known me, With no kindred hand in my own?" all-alo- The wind swept my puny breath landward And angrily roared in my ear, Then every sound shuddered and fainted, While, frightened, I panted to hear. Dread Nature breathed low to my spirit And drew her dark curtains aside; Awe stricken, amazed and confounded, I scanned all Creation so wide, Oh, had I been borne to the regions Extending away and away, Beyond and beyond the bright legions Of systems and suns on their way. I saw circling planets fly faster Than lightning's swift wheels, 'till at last They flew, like night moths to a candle, Their suns fires to feed, far and fast Fair worlds newly born waxed and blossomed, Dead moons faded, shrunken and rent, And comets sped rushing through systems As swift, faithful messengers sent. . I saw those bright spares from the Ever Those glimmers which men call the Soul, So limited, blinded and baffled, NE NT. 1894. No. 12. SILK CULTURE IN UTAH. So groping like seeds to the So beaten, so bruised and sunlight so tost Yet embryo fjods straining upward-- No effort, no agony lost. A GOLD MINE IN EMBRYO. One of the very important resources of I saw grasses gratefully growing, Exultingly filling their span; ' trains of ants coming and going ' So glad to be part of God's plan. A chorus of joy filled the spaces Between the vast systems of worlds For Life with its gifts and its graces 'And Death which new vistas unfurls. I lifted my eyelids: but stricken And shriveled asjightnirg had . sped, I fell like a stone. I had looked in The eyes of my God, deep and dread. Eternity lay there enfolded, And mystery fathomless rolled But in infinite tenderness spoke He, , -- Reviving and strengthening my soul. ' Oh, fearest thou death because lonely? E'en so, son of man, was thy birth; The gates Life and Death admit only One soul to or fro from the earth. You looked in mine eyes and fell shrieking, When loneliness 'self you saw there Perfe'ction, which all life is seekin Is lonely because yet so rare, When man feels this presence pervade him, From night's hollow orb, or the roar Of waves o'er the turbulent ocean, My spirit is shadowing o'er, But upward and evermore upward AH life grows through pleasure or pain, Throngh failure or triumph still mounting The cycles of infinite gain. All good lies enshrined in my bosom, Approach thou and freely partake; Love, Wisdom and Life Everlasting, With infinite joy in their wake, ComeTcomePO my children, I call you;. Mount, mount! By the ways I have trod; Let Strife, Pain'and Death not appal you ... For I am your lonely God. I awoke, and behold I'd been dreaming; I pondered deep truths in my soul; Night, solitude, deth have a seeming , Of loneliness awful and cold, Which is God's holy presence enclouding, His voice which inilence weTTear, And death but withdraws the vail shrouding "A higher and holier sphere. i : Though, loth to tread paths unfamiliar, ; Thou shrinkest in cowardly dread, Of the unknown just seen in the distance, 'Take courage, my soul, lift the head, For onward and evermore onward Progresses a conquering way To God and His glory; then forward Press, fearless,through Night and through Day. No more let sweet Solitude chill thee, Nor moaning winds shake thee with fear, Nor Death with cold dread ever fill thee, Though draweth he momently near. Oh, come he today or tomorrow, With gladness my feet shall be shod! toward And, waiting, I'll still struggle of God. The lonely perfection s -- Lu AND 15, Dalton. the Territory which attracted marked at- tention at the Columbian Exposition was the Utah Silk Exhibit at the" Roman's Building; and we fully realize that the opportunity given us to exhibit our silk to the world is due to Mrs. Potter Palmer, President of the 5oard of Lady Managers, whose intelligent sympathy and keen appreciation of the needs of industrial women rendered her the constant champion of this, worthy . enterprise. . - -- . Today: the annual importation of unprepared silk alone into the United States amounts to over $35,000,000; and the quality of silk which they procure is such that our manufacturersrcannot discover the art of putting a luster on it which will last, or give us a fabric which 'will in any way compete with the foreign manufactured silk. Apparently there is very grave misunder standing of silk in our country. The beauty and luster of the oriental silk is supposed to be due to some unknown art in manufacturing and dyeing, and that all silk isLsiUcoL very nearly the same quality. This is a mistake. There are as many grades of silk as you may expect to find of fruit in an orchard. By thoroughly understanding the natureof thewTorms,iprovid Ing them withTproper food, .this may be controlled by the producer. Yet it is as impracticable to attempt to raise only the best grade of silk as of any other agricultural product. The great Fair just over has given us an opportunity to learn something of what has been done in this industry. We find that silk has been raised to a considerable extent in Connecticut New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Kansas, California, Georgia and Florida; in fact in almost every state in the Union, and in most cases by women. NIo doubt in many parts of our country fwhere the mulberry will grow a much better qualityof silk can be raised than is now being imported; but as the climate has much to do with the quality and luster of the silk we feel confident that in America, Utah, will be the home of the silk worm, for our silk con-taithe same luster, elasticity and durability as that which can be produced in any : country in. the world. This industry in Utah began in the year. 1855 or 1856. In the past it has been carried on mostly in the homes of the people, yet we find much has been done in a 'public "way. Brigham Young when Governor of Utah procured a supply of mulberry seed from France and in a few years fifty acres of mulberry; trees were planted out in orchards or groves in Salt From that time Lake and Utah counties. they have been grown in all parts of the Territory, in nearly every town and village -- and they have flourished luxuriant- - -- - . ns . -- . 