' - y -- Ml' 1 ' " " """ - " " I.. Ml Vol. 22. " .. CONTENTS: Some Facts About Sericulture. In Rural England A Story. Interesting Tour In Sevier ChrBtena Cellars. Reception To. Mrs. Willard., Notes And News. To The Sisters-Zi- na D H Young.. Current Literature E. B. W." R S VVoodraansee! Reports. U. W. P. E. Irvine. Mrs. Sorensoh's Class. v : A.M. An Enjoyable Affair M. E. K. In Memoriam Com. v ; ; C.-G- -- ladys - Editorial: Opportunity. P0ETRY:-T- he ; Woman's Birthday Anniversary. , Mother To Her Freeze. Utah R. Edahoo. On. The M. Son-M- Ai ary F. -- Had I The Power Street L.'M. Hewlings, 1 THE MOTHER TO HER SON. , ' ' SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE 15, 1894. . ' .... Thy mountains are fragrant with Thy orchards and meadows are fruitful and fair, Thy sons and thy daughters, none no Ier are found,, Though ye seek the land over this wide world : around. Then should I not love thee blest Utah my home, I would not exchange thee for or dome. palace With sceptre of peace which thou hold'st in thine hand .... Thou sit'st like a queen in themid'st of the land. ' The wonder of nations, whose eyes shall trpioM Thy glory extending to igplendors untold;- -' No more shall their lips curl with scorn at thy name, r But thy brow shall be wreathed with the laurels r ; of fame. 1 , ' R M. F. You say, "Could you write such letters As your mother writes to you, 'Twould repay for all exertion" And I know you mean it, true. j But list, my son, to ray story While my joy to you I tell, Because of that precious sentence 'Dear motherprm happy and well." ; : j Being wa fled from above, Could fill me with such rapture Nor inspire such grateful love ' To my own Iov'd missionary ' In response to his mother's, prayer. Like engraving in pictures of silver With letters of shining gold, Were those words from the South Sea Islands, Oh! their worth could never be told As they came to the one who bore thee, Who periled her life for thine, 'Twas like incense from some bright altar, Some sacred, holy, shrine. . Had there been no other sentence In that missive yousent to me, Twould still have been more priceless Than pearls from over the sea. And I pray that our loving Father May still send His mighty: power, To protect on the land or thebillow,' each trying hour.V Guiding safely through ' Mary . A. Freeze. UTAH. Utah, lovely Utah! Thou art my theme, Tis of thee I would sing, of thee that I dream; With thy beautiful vales and glittering rills, That ripple with laughter as they dance from the . hills. , , O . i" I gaze on thy mountains, so mighty and grand, ; And' view with delight the vast stretches of land; That slope to the beautiful Lake in the west, Where the sun in his glory sinks low orfits breast. Each nerve of my being with wonderment thrills, My heart to my Maker with gratitude fills; That thou once a desert, so lonely and drear, Has now mong'st thy sisters no rival or peer. Are thine not the hills of which prophets have, sung, Are thine not the vales to which many shall come To drink of thy fountains so healing and sweet, AO DaSK 111 Uiy HCCUUIll duu-i- u iwi vwfc. IN RURAL ENGLAND. number of women in Utah are taking XXXVIII. up silk culture with great enthusiasm. Among them is Mrs. Hannah C. Bentley Lord Walton sailed on the British ship of St. George. The following extracts Francesco he had evidently been deterfrom letters of Mrs. Bentley 's to the Utah mined to (as do,) bound for his native land, Woman's Silk 'Association are interesting his two little children in charge of and give valuable hints for those who wish leaving Dr. and Mrs. Bland, and taking with him to engage in silk culture. only one of his household, a man servant have 212 pounds of green cocoons. whom he had brought from Walton Hall. I have smothered i oo pounds. I have 26 He was affected to tears in parting with his ounces of eggs now and will have twice as babies, but too utterly selfish to yield to the many more. All wanting eggs for another entreaties of his true friends, the Blands, year would do well to get them now and when they tried to dissuade him from properly keep them until vthe leaves are going, even on the eve of- his departure. So another burden fell heavily upon Jane ready another year. The weather is so very changeable that to bring the -- worms Bland. She watched the ship sail away, along properly you" must keep the room, hilt would not go down to the shore to see warm night and day until after the second him off. Dr. Bland however did so and They should be fed every two bade him the last good bye. Little Edward molting hours until after the first molting, then Walton had never seen much of his father and therefore did not miss him as most evmUiirJbour& four uatil hours they spin. children would, and baby was of course far ing, then every fed disturbed nor be to not during too young to know anything, buf the nurses, They are In changing their beds I find a and servants berated him sorely behind his molting. fram covered with wire screens the very back,though to his face they were flattering Place it over the bed,sprinkle and servile, begging too that he would take best thing. and feed over this, and you will find the them all back again to live in acivilized little fellows all crawling up upon the feed. country, where there were no "Injuns" I have three different sized frames the first and wild beasts, of which they lived in conthe original netting the second every stant fear; and indeed though they knew other wire drawn each way the third two how much their young mistress loved Mrs. wires each way. The worms must not be Bland, their prejudices against Hilliard too crowded neither handled. I am plan- castle and Sir Edward were so strong, that yards cf cloth it had been hard work to keep quiet about ning to make twenty-fiv- e the old traditions, and now they were to be this year, if my health will permit." "I have already suggested that those brought in closer contact with the only who intended raising silk for another year, surviving relative of Sir Edward, of whom secure their eggs now and care for them, they had ever heard, and the maids gossipped as if she were really keep them upon the paper upori' which they of Sir Edward's niece are laid, roll them up carefully take a an uncannv creature, whereas she was the fact and sensible person, perfectly clean lard bucket perforate the most matter of air put these simple housemaids had ever met with. bottom and lid that they the eggs in close the bucket and tie the They had great reason to thank her afterlid on that no accident may happen to the wards for die many lessons of prudence, dry cellar. economy and thrift they received from this qrgs lay them up in a cold are . as large gentle and patient woman. When the leaves in the spring followAs one after another in the years as a dime bring up the eggs, spread the in a ing, these young women marriedjind compapers upori a deep box lid, and keep " for Always menced housekeeping on a small scale; warm room of even temperature. ac not one of them returned to their native keep each days ; hatching by itself on liberal count of their molting as they must not land Mrs. Bland dispensed with amaterial not only be fed during that time. When the worms hand, and generous heart, . To our kind and heavenly Parent, For His mercy and tender care, No. 19. " first hatch I put a leaf upon them, letting the stem remain. When the leaf is full, I take the leaf by the stem and place upon the.bed (prepared for them until after the first molting. I leave a space between each wide enough so that I can lap the leaf on both sides and they will immediately transfer themselves to the fresh leaf. " Mrv Bentley has plenty of fresh silk' worm eggs which can be had for four dollars an ounce. ,A quarter of an ounce is all one person can care for- - It is not too late to raise the silk worms this year, the mulberry leaves are still very tender. Eggs can be gotten in Salt Lake City by applying to Mrs. C. Ji. Allen, 234 .seventh East street who has a limited supply for sale for the " Silk Association. SOME FACTS ABOUT SERICULTURE A - . . -- 1 - . -- may-hav- e 1 