37- :u - ---r- WOMAN'S 265 EXPONENT,. oiher "mggtiiigttitejCMiotdirect to 11s The regular meeting of the UrWrP7 iML 3 the JJgrdfl '' Club was r lleld Wednesday, Oct . 31st, 7' Our brethrenrtriiTy'iire "watchmen upon and as , thatis anniversary day and also the walls, and we as Mothers in the Relief Halloween, it has lxjen-t- he custom to have have our are duties,-- and:;they not '&tb&.t&?0&z seaside a ri d fripecwJ Society" w r from" IJrKUkAI, XLHI. ftWrfeAf been sofrie unique, and pleasing entertain' ments in the past, but it is thought the last Chapter 12,. gives great encouragement one,rather surpassed former efforts. -.to; the devout; it reads, "Rejoicing in hope;: . - Each member present endeavored either atient-intribulation; continuing7 instant' by costume or symbol, to represent some in prayer; '.Met us my sisters be. instant in author or literary, character she had chosen. In answer to her name, she arose, and the prayer, but to.be so we must also keep althese in to first other members' or visitors made a guess as sanctify ways good works, temples of ours; ancl to do our duties in the to the. Character represented, the guess otherwise by the sentifamily relation, to implant integrity and virtue in ourchildrenrzthis is most essentia . ment given or the selection read. the whole world over, and with what.; .History, literature and fable w: re repre- zealous care should we. g u a rd.ou r ; so u&ia nd - sen ted. In some cases the costumes Were "daughtersTthat they may 'abstain from vice 1 original and, striking, and in some inand folly of every kind. Intelligence is a stances beautiful! How stronger safeguard than ignorance. The characters represented were as folus to in were our profitable prayer meetings lows: Dr. E. R. Shipp, Portia, in judicial and again is nQtour- - probes, where she make's the. rise of her speech before very strength strengthened by -- prayer, our the judge, beginning "The quality of mercy love increased, that, we can do bur duty and is not strained," etc. Mrs. Ruth M. Fox, fulfill the law to love our neighbors as ourdressed ill various gaudy - colors'.which is selves. Let each Relief Society everywhere" said to be characteristic of Dickens, her to to our our Father protect pray Heavenly author, represented Sergeant Buzfuz; Miss youth from evil, temptation and sin. Joseph Gladys Woodmansee, Hypatia, in Roman Smith the Prophet said it was the calling of Costume. Mrs. ,'EHa W. adorned the Mel ie f Society to suppress vice. Let wit h fern leaves and " fern Hyde covered - fa n , us humble "ourselves iri prayer and good represented Fanny Fern. Dr. R. B. Pratt, works, to check vice and evil in every way, j aressectas a nun, read from Longfellow's r and to "encourage every good and noble) iz,7 . . 1. v'r. j auu Iuy a- - coincidence aits. vanjjenuci principle with cheerfulness trusting in Godj Phebe C. Voung and Lizzie S. Wilcox chose for lie will hearr the humble supplications to represent Lucile as a nun, even hitting of the meek and pure in heart;., seek wisBut upon the same' selection for reading-dom, treasure the gems of knowledge conthe matter was remedied by one - of th cerning the:truth that God has spoken from ladies choosing another selection. Mrs" C. the' heavens to the inliabitants of the earth R: Wells inwhite attire, rep'fesented again in this day and age of the world; Collins f Woman ihVh'ite." Mrs. Was there ever a people on the earth that yiikie Minnie " . bnow as Mrs.,' Hemans. sanfrO was so thoroughly and kindly taught the very sweetly 'ay song of that lady's ' principles of salvation and righteousness; M a that hap'pify and satisfy the mortal and im-- . "symbol represented Browning, and recited mortal, as that we have received, the "wit 1 h;ucn dramatic force Mrs. Browning's Gospel of Eternal life or lives. "Motlierard Poet." Mrs. Lucy A. Clark, My dear sisters there are many profitable wqth powdered hair, lace cap, and imitatioli sayings in Paul's Epistle "to the Romans s u q wfiakesjrepresen ted M rs. Eli za R- that will bear readinggaiiraTid'aainTfna!"" bnow, with appropriate selections. Mrs. that , we can apply in our every Melissa Wilson, with white gown and flowI will close these reflections-breferring ing hair represented PerSita from Shakes-perto the song . "A Winter's Tale.." . Mrs. E. J. 1 ill : no kindly word, Stevenson; with full blown roses, repre- "Nay! speak a win never leave sung oenmu; n ted. "Rose in Bloom ." Mrs." Nellie C. And O.. to breath each tale we've heard" Taylor gave a pleasing representation of Is far beneath a noble mind.'? LucretiaMott-- 4 - her quaiiUahgLZsimple Z. P. H. Y. "Quaker garb "Miss Olea Shipp revived pleasant memories by appearing as the I3ohemian Girl, and playing choice, selections from that opera. Miss Ellis, Shipp U. W.; P. C. looked- picturesque in her d Accordi ng to a special call the Utah gown bedecked with birds and feathersof iXWdmrTfessClub held a business meet "brilliant hue, as she recited Longfellow's "Birds oj Killingworth." Miss Pearl ing at the office- of President E. R. Shipp Russell was very-sweas Little Red Rid- on Tuesday evening, Oct. 30th, 1894, the i nghood and she" gave a charm ing little object being the annual election of officers. solo 7 from that opera. Most of those in office having served After the character delineations, a sumthus making but one year, were mary of the year's work by Mrs. L. D. but few changes in the list. They are now Alder showed that progress had been made as follows and improvement was still sought. Honorary President, E. B. Wells; The formal part of the program being President. E. R. Shipp M. D.t First Vice refreshments and social chat ensued. President," Ruth M. Fox; Second- Vice ended, Both visitors and - members felt they had President, Lydia D. Alder; Recording spent a pleasant and profitable evening: the Secretary, LiMie S. Wilcox; Asst. Rec. one regret being the absence, through sick.Secretarv, Ella W. Hyde; Cor. Sec. R. B. ' Pratt M. D., Ass't Cor. Sec, Olea Shipp. ness, of Honorary PresideritE. B. Wells, Treasurer, C. C. R. Wells; Auditor, Phebe . whose presence contributes, so much to the success and pleasure of the meetings.' C. 'Young. Dr. E. B. Ferguson, Chairman Lizzm S. ,Wilcox, Sec'y, Program Comniittee, modified- ! -p- specially-delightful- 1 - . "Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast, To soften rocks or bend a knotted cak. I've read that things inanimate have moved, And as with living souls have been informed By magic numbers and persuasive sound.'' , 1 . " ' - - 1 T 1 . . ; - : -- . 7 ; pro-ducti- on .. -- s. -- y e, -- 11- -- Oetr---rS9T -- cream-colora- - et . re-elect- . 1 ; - I -- -- , , - j - ' All who have ever crossed the briny deep, or sailed athwart the bosom of the ' restless' sea, must know how .rapturously the human soul is thrilled with" the soft swreet strains diviner that move the human heart to its very depths, and cause it the-Churcl- i, . to - Mr. and Mrs. : - . - " - - r' Hie favorite, their guest, Harrisbrn?,the of leaving the green lanes ofi hardship. England, and. of the sea voyage later' on; Clair'.s brilliant conversation; his versatility 01 subjects, (Ins slight' oreign - accent making hiuLall the more irUeresting) above all his wonderful voice, that never failed to thrill the listener, and such charms of man, ner as are and. what can be more so tliait the magic of music. The poet was right in saying, ., 4.?iseii ionhersen "ana each one lias a tim .40 bear and to endure; Verse 12, day-live- ENGLAND. on - To soar aloft on wings of ectacy, Lost in the dreams of pure felicity. v . ' Clair had inherited the talent of that Italian singer, who had carried captive brilliant and appreciative audiences wherever she appeared in , public.The- Jane Hafrisoii could find in her charming cousin was. his peculiarly, languid, Southern maimer and temperament, which' to the English woman is not par ex- cellence'm that it lacks the heroic quality of strength so admirable in mail. Day after day and night succeeding night, Clair played and sung, sometimes in language not understood, but sympathetic in .rhythm and suited to his mood, to the enraptured listeners on board the good ship Darien. He never wearied' of the children either "but tended and: watched over them with, gentle solicitude. Hob Harrison was in most. the - yery.oppQsite of-- Clair : Hilliard "strong and stalwart in figure and bearing, and a veritable hero of battles in the proud chivalry of knighthood, which makes a man more attractive in the eyes of women than - . only-defec- t... " , : - rue-bor- n re-spec- -- ts : : tamer , cpajitieioweieiexcellent.He loved the children but could not unbend to them, and had not the adaptability that seemed so natural to Clair. type of manhood, was in exemplified Sidney Barrington. who was as useful in his way as Clair, and these two young men so widely different had already ' become fast friends. He preached occasional sermons not long and wearisome but plain ' and scriptural, and his prayers were eloquent with iervor and simplicity. His conversation was in striking contrast to his uncle, , and the young Baronet, but fitted in deftly, . .... . .11' '. rr seuing on meir greater Dnlliancy to good advantage with the grave, more serious, and somewhat- pathetic truths of everyday life and its high duties. . What a grand opportunity this sea voyage was for .a mind like. Jane Harrison's, and how she feasted her soul and drank in the . variety and volume of knowledge as it fell like clear cut "diamonds from the lips of these thorough-bre- d highly cultiva ted men. ' It stamped her soul indelibly with lofty ' sentiments, that could not fail to be inherited in her posterity, though of this she ' thought not, nor had the awakening come -which has since developed such far reach- ' . ' . . 1 . - , - : . , . -- 