WOMAN'S jesse TO V. THE MKMOKY OF OUR FOX. Beloved T Wy of Afetes, ib ai father. Surelv of th art.' 01 VestPTrlnv we must place it there 'so sru-tu row i J" ; ... i ciisuca ior many a ine u orav u J?;?.". , to-mo- r- W,thout a touch of vanity, Qf Elegance; Sir Frederick The Garden of the .?as- - r"vlUVO, A very enjoyable affair took place here, at Kamas, on the twelfth inst., irr honor of one of the pioneer sisters, Sister Ruth M. Pack, Counselor to the President of the Relief Society of the' Stake, the occasion being the lady's seventy-seconbirthday. About 7 p. m. a large number of relatives and friends assembled at Pack & Lambert's hall, bearing with them the many good things necessary' for a grand feast. - Two long tables were quickly laid and spread with substantial? and dainties-i- n abundance; and as the 'aged lady was escorted into the midst of her friends, ,burst-in- to a-- Ji velv.air. and the many friends of "Aunt Ruth" crowded about her with good words and After the sunner. tn congratulations. which a hundred and seventy-fiv- e sat down, were speeches made, in which a jrlcrwine tribute was paid to the sterling qualities and faithfuluess of the honored lady; to which she replied in a few earnest wxrds ,qf thanks. Several nice presents were also presented t6 her, after which dancing was participated in by young and old 'till a late hour. Altogether the affair was a success and the Relief Society ladies who had the affair in charge, djd themselves proud. The company separated, hoping that Sister Pack would see many, many happy returns. C. Y. Pack. d . "Datipt.ter 1 ; Mat f j I'see the4right beam in BIRTHDAV'PARTY? of thei juojtcts. r All Methinks 321 are pictures wh un-Portanc- peacefully, calmly, we laid him to rest In his low, narrow bed in robes of the blest ' Sadly and lonely, we leaned o'er his bier, tenderly, lovingly dropping a tear. Noble and dutiful all through his life, So tender and gentle, a stranger to strife; Brave in affection, yet humttie and mild, Affectionate, faithful and pare as a child. Kindly and friendly to all whom he knew; An honor to God, to his kindred most true, ,A man among men, a friend of the poor Hesanna to God! His salvation is surel HXPONKKT. j hisye, And his beautiful smile as loved ones drew nigh To help him across to the silv'ry shore, To joy in his presence, to leave him no more. Great is his glory, most brilliant his crown He sought not for riches, .for fame or renown Unselfish he lived and lamented he died Peace was his motto and the gospel' his pride. r ! an herald his good deeds to tell, In the hearts of his friends his mern'ry shall sing about the golden tree ' " .- ' seems to end the possibilities in euphony of line; and color. "Requiescat, by Briton Kiviere, carries us -iof Tennysonian heroics. atotheregion George H. Mason evokes dehcipus poetry from the of the nineteenth century. His loversyouth return-i;in- g from '.the fields, in "The Harvest Moon, his "Girls dancing on the Sea-j shore,"- breathe a love as ingenuous, an in-nocent as sweet, as any of the Goldenj . i r thrr- - : I No need of 'Age.:-.- ... j ;: .. rKamas-Brass-Ban- d England has never lacked for watchers of the sea and sky. Henry Moore is the latest dwell, devotee. With him impressionism and Hfc'name shall be blessed through ages to come knowledge go hand in hand. "Morning The heavens shalTsmile on so goodly a son. Bright," is a study in azure. The blue sky R, M.F. arches over the blue sea, the waves glide rhythmically and all is joyous. Air, grace, these are the artists' NABBIE. aims. Jinnell, on the contrary, takes us I knew thee, fair spirit in life's early bloom, back to studio traditions! 'Storm in Ere thoughts of life's sorrows or death's Autumn," is grand and dramatic, the tones silent tomb are rich but conventional, the sky a memory heart. innocent Had entered thine PA ROWAN STAKE. .. triumph. d. so true and kindred When father and another Sir J. Everett AIillaisGo Frederick Editor Exponent: Watts, these two masters give us four Sought fondest devotion to layish on you And purest affection impart. , art: "The Ornithologist," "Sweet A long time has elapsed since we have Emma Moreland" and ".Love and Death," taken the privilege of writing. Having just And I knew thee again as queen'of thy home, ' ' Millais Life. and "Love as no one held a Relief Society Stake Conference in paints That altar celestial of histories tome has painted before. He seeks popularity this place we .Where hopes find truest fruition; thought a few items might be we give him applause. He touches and interesting..- Our Conferences are held suc Thy being enshrined in the heart of thy hus with genius the narrow prettiness of English cessively in the five different wards com- band, home life and makes it classic. The prising the Parovvan Stake. The meetings. And calling thee blessed the voices of children the dead eyes,looksat wTere addressed by quite a number of our Making of earth an elysian. bird in the old enthusiast's hands who- but sisters.' Many referring to their past and I saw thee Millais would have painted her so well? what they endured for the sake of their reagain O, wondrous transition Since the prim little maid we saw in "The ligion; exhorted parents to be diligent in Passing from earth to immortal condition-- In raiment of ermine and roses, Minuet," he has done nothing better. True their duties to Iheir families and encourage to his theory of woman's place in art, as a their sons and daughters to attend to the Thy beautiful form so cold and so silent, The casket was here but the jewel was absent, thing to be loved, he has painted "Sweet different organizations instituted for their violet- - benefit. Reference was also made to the In Heaven thy spirit rejoices. Emma Moreland" E. R. Shipp. a sweet, adjustment growing interest taken in music by, our eyed, dainty-limbe-- between the spirit and the flesh. young people and the hope of seeing it see Love, encouraged as much. as possible. In Watt's grand allegories we Our SOME PICTURES AT THE ART amid his wings outstretched, standing Primaries ought to be wTell encouraged: they PALACE IN THE WHITE to bar the steps of the being the foundation for other organizations CITY. veiled shadow Life her face radiant with as the little ones grow older. v and joy led by Love up the steep, The Conference of our little ones held Norway, land of the ancient Viking, of surprise lO Uie muuuium summit. here showed the greaf interest taken in Ulat the "and Olat trie saini, Stony pain ' Of pictures from other nations we have, them, by their different presidents.- Great may not be important in art, yet she sends Josef Israel's masterful credit is due these sisters as well as the us wholesome pictures, such as might be "from Holland, "Alone in the World;" from Germany, children. The presidency of the different expected from a country peopled by men "Kather-in- a branch societies of this Stake are alive to and women in whom the sentiments of Garbiel Max' psychological study, Emerich;" from Italy, Augusta their duties, the reports being quite enhome-lov- e are strong. and religion on the couraging. A great deal of good is done Mountainous and with a coast washed by Corelli's, "Thanksgiving"an evening has in assisting and comforting those in need. the Northern seas, we have a preponderance Campagnaof Rome. France, it seems, One thing we might all improve in is atnot thought fit to put forth her strength. The of wild, landscape and marine. " atwded sends large canvases, to be sure, but tending to "our meetings a little better in She -fishery; the fos; the village In the United our own wards, showing by our presence as works. between the feet of glaciered crags and the few important Exhibit are fine examples of well as deeds we are anxious to sustain Loan States the of Islands deep fjord; Lofoten, bleak and encourage our leaders. Our presiding three of her5 most individualized artists Arctic place of the Maelstrom the Norb'y that disciple of the brethren by their presence as well as good "Near Barbijon," pride. wegian artist paints with simple Words strive to encourage the sisters in forest, Theodore Rosseau; "After the Bath," a is specific "Raftsuud," by Norniann, their labors, always appreciating their help Man with the Hce," "Gleaners," "The crude from . , and J'Dance of the and acknowledging the same. example evolved by Thonesty by Jean Francois Millet art standards. Ever hoping for the success of your in "Environs of "Orpheus" Of large canvases England sends not one. Nymphs," teresting little paper. Viila'd' Avray," by Jean Baptiste Corot. iMusici, Poll Poll "The last lhp Lambo urn e. Jane Mackelprang, Cor. Sec. Parry Alfred the for 'Hercules wrestling with Death I j ' . j j . . I I out-door-feeli- ng 7 . . ... mir-acles- of - . . - . . ripe-lippe- d, d; , s . roses-powerle- -- ss , cliff-seale-r, - -- herring- . . -- : 