, iX P0 N EN n Ais Women of Zion, and;ihe:mghU Vol. 22. : Christmas 1893 Elizabeth Cady Stanton. Some of our Lady Friends 8. T. Brimhall. WoMary E. Irvine: Semiman Suffrage Column monthly Meeting L. D r Alders U. Wr P. Club 0f Editor i au The Editorial" Poetry - ; Tendency of - the Notes. In the Celestial City Welcome to the old hoiks. New Zealand L. M. Hewlings. A 15, As. Lydia D, Alder. Message from November, "' Lydia D. 1893. , , A REVERIE. Alder. gs Then her desire was of the man, Come go with me, and so shall we, Fulfill our God-lik- e destiny; To be alone, with good unknown: How worthless .such a life must be! But now-shp!eadsfor political and tion,. says: recogni-- . Give us the power and we'll dispel, The reign of tyrants born of hell: From men's unblushing demon deeds, Her earnest soul for.freedom pleads. vVhat, doas Say where is now my baby girl Of twenty years ago? Who came one morning beautiful When the world was all aglow? She brought such love and gladness No. 11. being of the world today, be as. fruitful to the perpetuity and happiness of man, as it then was to his existence. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. A a. 11 1894. strong,-her-pleadin- IN THE CELESTIAL CITY. A. of all Nation. Though she mav seek for political in- r fluence it is Only for the laudable purpose of extenaing tier neia 01 useiumess; ana. ner desire for power, .is only that it may be used to abate many of the social evils to which the race of man is in bondage today. And as a rule we may say that her desire is as sincere and conas sistent, as when she plead with her lord in the garden of Eden; and would, to the well And what of me, the mother Whose sorrow knows no rest? Methinks I'll ..bow before the throne And say "God knoweth best" Then when my wee, wee baby Again lies on my breast And bonny Frank with golden curls Close to my side is pressed, My heart will melt in happy sighs rrl'I'll joyous wait for all the rest. TfllaWiHydcr Party at SandyTheReconstruction- of the Government, An important Meeting Mary E. H. Editorial Woman's Wells. Lyon. Rights -' Women So they can see and greet her In,the Resurrection Morn; She walks the Golden City ' Her elder sister by her side, And when God makes up his jewels Will be a glorious bride. S. W. Richards. New England Thanksgiving Aunt Em. The Abuses " ofke i Woman's Exponent 'a ' SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY CONTENTS: Kotes. 'A this caption implies: Ex.. Yes, she will endure the pose woman! most critical, exposition, when compared While woman's entreaties and influence willwith man, as ruler over her. We are have done so much, and would do moreJ is ever still for the world of man, her rebuke is n6 : ing to accept the compliment which due to her, and heed the poetic advice; less a power in restraining the devotee of sin. Her tearful eve of entreaty may melt in- - ' "Be to her faults a liule blind, Be to her virtues very kind;" to the keenest sympathy, the stout and stubborn heart of man's v for her virtues are of that historical re- rnihl the but her stern rebuke in nown which justly elevate her in the : kindled passions; defence of Tionor, virtue, ana tne ngnx, r estimationof her appreciative companion-fill with awe the most impassionea When in the garden, woman was master will that would intrude upon her peace of the situation; for a time she held the enemy, Her weapons of not and domestic virtues. and her in hands, world a, of destiny defence are indeed powerful when contrasted her to power persuasive man until yielded the impudence 01 ire or arrayed against to the that keeping commit destiny she did the sacred precincts of her intruder upon loveliness the all with Then lord. of her of her love. the 'and sanctuaryinnocence, even and with which man was surrounded, TTpr will is miffhtv to conquer and sub there his was, within reach, life of tree the due the wrong, while in her legitimate field to him, nothing so touching to his divine she is encouraged to exercise it, ana mat so nothing humanized; not yet nature, field may well be extended with safety and desirable in his eyes as the lovely form and is mother, profit to the race, of which she earnest eloquence of that truthful advocate and the guardian of their youthful; to: share with her his for society, pleading , the conditions by which, and by which alone, experience. both Let woman's grace and love combine, they could become as Gods, knowing To shed a lustre o'er mankind; inherit those zood and evil, and thereby And kindle fires to ever burn God no there is which without In every heart, the truth to learn. attributes j be developed only Justice and mercy can both With woman's sensitive nature and are evil experienced: and where good of powers of comprehension; her enduring beof which are necessary to the agency love which like God's, enables her to m of the come endeared even to those who may be , be today well proud Woman'may of the cause of her troubles; her keen.ap-- , panorama the in glorious acted she tart of both the chose her part and preciation and discernment she existence,' human life; are but to the endthat man might right, and the wrongs of,which is ever well, it played as the Gods. exhibitions of her nature, be and have like knowledge indebted for the divine; ; tending to the development of; To her the world is greatly for and which indicates her true relationship to and has been, he what for what man is, babe that divinity of which man so often proves what he may be. From theof nwsing and himself a stranger, that , it .may well be man physical said,without her,4,mah is not in the Lord; and intellectuaUy miStaliiie,of.moial neither can he become legitimately a lord SSeSedSis.- by which he becomes the midst of intelligent ford oi creation; woman as mother, is the over and in the promoter of human greaU beings. great factor and of our race Her Man of the dust was earthly made, ness, in the evolutions Woman from man: a higher grade; the character of Mnetxce is stamped upon and the influence Man has the stern and master mind, early childhood, Wroman is plastic, loving, kind; in leaving felt society, is rfSiat character Man's nature is to rule, have th for felt be to love and him obey; j ,, impress where it may toil to bear, of burden the has Man ekvation of all social intercourse, through Woman his love and cares g pbare, existence, human of all the realms . To that parental nest; The Angels came and left her Awhile on earth to rest. . , How we thoughtful watched her " : Grow lovely day by day! .The sky was shadowed in her eyes . ) Around her mouth the dimples play, Her hair was long and fell in curls Around her beauteous face, Her voice was low and tuneful H er form was ful 1 of grace. . ! ; So to womanhood she grew This joy of earthly home Our heart strings close around her twined-- So lovely had she grown, It seemed that far off Heaven Shone out those Iovelv eyes. And when you drank their beauties in You looked In Paradise. . ; And rested on this loved one The sun and her between. And when it lifted she had gone, The angels had come down, And called her back to Heaven, To wear a glorious crown, I stood beside that bed Of death nor sensed my woe Her eyes gazed on the Glorious Day Not now for me to know. Oh! where is now my baby girl With brown and curly hair With face so fair and winsome? Gone" from earth oh, where? The angel messenger of death, J-- eft here on her loved ones earttQ mourn, : , , " : Oh, God keep all . : . ; Her spirit true and beautiful Crowned with bliss that home, Where love so deep and lasting Around this flower had grown. fThe.n came a day, can I forget, A cloud came o'er the scene, Has borne her far away, From earth with all its sorrow To realms of endless day. , sway-Wo- man's , f . . " .. ; . . ; , 