1 A WMAN'S EXPONENT. is on her right; tier hand and bhe leans "yearningly over her; but it was on the .mourning mother's face that all my interest I had no thought as to whether centered the coloring or grouping were good, or if the drawing were faultless, but 1 knew that the hand which had given to the world that divinelv sorrowful countenance, was .the hand of a master;" and he was 'acquainted with grief. one of the Mary's Mrgins-shoulde- r, on ,Uic To V be' Continued. O! how shall I drink of this O scar over graves of buried hopes, Where ever gloomiest shadows fall, Where wail of grief, as of ocean's swell, Sends mournful requiem's thrilling knell, That's ever doomed to surround them all. , heaven-born.Spiri- t, T thy work here is don-e- , O! Mother thy treasure in Heaven is That thither thy soul may be led- - nlar,! ; - , Nellie. ' SPECIAL HONORS. 1 Frackleton,,. President of the National League of Mineral Painters, who organized the Salt Lake City China Club some ten years ago is receiving great honors at the Exposition. She may well be congratulated at the disposition made of her pieces. 4 " . The(J. W. P. C. met as usual on the last evening of the month at the residence of Dr. E. R. Shipp. In the absence of the President and the Vice President Mrs. Lydia D. Alder was chosen chairman pro Jem. JPrayer. by Caroline C. R. Wells, minutes of previous meeting read, and roll call responded to, with sentiments from Meredith, Longfellow, Shakespeare, Arnold and others. :i The names of Mrs. Margaret A. Caine Harriet Y. Badger and Delia Y. Harrison were presented and they were admitted to membership. The evening program con- sisted of the following: ; , An original New Year's Poem, entitled "A Myth of Father Time," by Mrs. Dickinson. "Maud Muller" recited by Nellie C. Taylor. Mrs. E. B. Wells gave an interesting and graphic description of her. visit to the Poet Whittier's old home at Amesbury, also his more modern residence at Oak Knoll. Told of his kindly reception of her and the interesting conversation of ; nearly a half day, nis views or opinions with regard to the marriage question etc. then read the poem "Revel ation. on which the poet was engaged at the time of her visitand which he read to her from . To those who are meet for the Kingdom of " MRS. , TA U. W. P. C. By which we can claim our own dead, As jewels to brighten the crown that is given, Heaven. r . , ui sweet blessed plaq the Lord has revealed, . 1 ,r the-man- t .... niooiuu uu earcn is o er Our love could not hold thee, thy s'pirit pined b or its freedom, on yonder shore; Thy journey was shbrt, but Father in love Safely garnered, our opening flower above. MipNiGHT I se - - There are wounded on the battle field, And pallid forms that may nevermore Arouse to the calls of war or peace; For stern death hath given swift release, And all earthly strife with them is o'er, I see, And over life's battle-field- s Weary one's wandering on its way, Oft tempest-tosse- d amid unseen foes, And still seeking vainly for repose, While allured to combat's fiercest fray. all-wi- ...... "... and has been such a furore heartily endorseil the "Associated Artists" of New York by '. City. The beautiful Punch bowl known as the "Tiffany, bowl" has been purchased by a Russian noble fdr $500.00 and goes to St. ' j. cicr&uurg, Kussia. It is delightful to experience a feeling of reciprocity and we hail the dawn of that era in art when American women decorate y lor the nobility of Europe after years that Europeans have decorated their " J wares for America. ' the answer came from an God, love thee, I love thee, pass under the rod." So Mary our darling passed sweetly awayr To the beautiful home beyondHer spirit so pure could no longer stay, In Us earthly prison-hous- e bound, So freed by cleath it sned cladlw To soar aloft in eternal day. J Edaiioo. ' has fallen oyer the plain, And again I roam in fancy free, Heedless of dangers lurking round, . Of ghastly sights, or of startling sounds, While invisible, I hear and see. - woe' 1 for the Exponent. MIDNIGHT REVERIE. ; ; 98 . The "Viking Brotherhood Cup' ' which she modelled from native clays goes to way, the property of Captain Anderson of the Viking Ship., This is a most unique Aye, gaunt wretchedness, and haggard want, and interesting.piece and is like those used Pale forms of misery and of woe, V Laborer's now by the old JVikings a thousand years ago unemployed, that roam It is tall and delicate in form with a mouth Till in desperations pathways thrown, suggesting the beak of a vessel and the Hither and thither, they drifting go! foot pinched at the back into th form of a In mount and glen, and in depths below, rudder. The handle is a. coiled snake, Occult and hidden are treasures vast; emblem of eternity. About the top is a . from that word be," Awaiting "powers band incised in the oldNorie ruins. with the the Mrs. Margaret A. Caine being called from earth and sea. names of To bring gods and heroes. Lower runs Wondrous treasures that all time will last. upon, spoke a few words regarding what the legend, had been said by. Mrs. Palmer at the Boundless the riches earth holds in store; "Slaves cannot drink from me, World Is Fair, the good work which had . If once their lips receive my wine, Yet I see her children crying for bread; been accomplished by Woman's Press That moment they are free! Industry's halls closed down to the poor, Clubs in reforming press matter generally: They drink gods bountv, , Whirl of its wheels heard not as of yore, And their shackles fall!" Mrs. Harrison requested an explanation Beggary and want now reign instead. On the obverse side are the dates of the of the object of the club, and was answered ' . L. M. Hewlings. with the desired information by Mrs. E. B. old Norse discoveries 893and 1893! It was the old custom before commencing Wells who stated that we expect to join the any great undertaking to have a banquet International Federation of Clubs. She AFFECTIONATELY INSCRIBED TO MY and pass the cup trom hp to hp, like a spoke of the advantage of belonging to the DEAR FRIEND S. T. IN N. Y. sacramental cup then in consecration to Press Club, over those of belonging to 'Twas only a newspaper handed to me, Literary Clubs, and related some amusing break it. From our e Eastern home, The cup was used by Captain Anderson incidents which occurred during the conYet I felt such a and his crew at the great' Norse banquet vention of the Press Women at Washingvague forboding, That I dreaded its pages to turn, and will return with him a treasured ton in 1891. Mrs. Bennion, one of the Vice Presidents out my eyes shed tears, my heart found vent, souvenir of his warm welcome to Norway. As I read these words that to me were sent. The great wine bowl which Mrs. at large, gave an interesting account of Frackleton made for the Caravel is already hew as a "Stow away," she had enjoyed a t in ui b ui:u) ine sixieemn year on its way to Spain and will , be placed in grand reception of the Press Club at the Mary H., the daughter beloved, the National Military Museum at Madrid in World's Fair, given to all the clubs of the Her sweet disposition had won many friends United Stales. The great treat it had .been company with the old Columbian relics. 'Mong the circle in which she had. moved, y is an immense bowl with great bunches even though but an on looker. It Who with meet, sisters and n "Miss favored parents Woodmansee the is and vine of Gladys supof grapes and garlands To sweet. floral offerings the dead, placeyer a standard wim tnree ieet. club with a vocal selection, "The Captive snorted upon . K . 1 ' and benediction, was t .1 That was all, but pronounced. my heart knew more than this, On it is insert Dea me nameb oi mc mice Knight, for the The program February meeting ucw, now a motner Denaing iow vessels of the little fleet. The Nina, Pinta to be derived Benefit follows: as "The O'er the suffering couch of her dying child, and Santa Maria also the dates ,1492 and ' from Woman's Clubs' Mrs. L,. S. Dickinson . Must have shed thestears of bitterest woe, 1 Mrs. Phebe C. Young. breath As she saw One piece remains in America and has The Sixth Sense day by day in the quick'ning Music, Mrs. D. Y. Harrison. An article by That her child was nearing the gates of death. been purchased by the Pennsylvania To wTrite up her. evening Museum of fine arts for their magnificent Ella W. Hyde. And methinks hear the she prayed, that prayer Mrs. A. E. Bennion. collection, these pieces are all of the New with the Press Club, As in tow, bowed soul her anguish Gladys Woodmansee, Rec. Sec. Frackleton Salt Glaze which has created 0! Father if Thou canst, remove this cup; r I I Mrs-Well- " ' proof-sheet- forth-devel- . i .", op, , long-tim- ; -- grief-stricke- t- 1 ? ' ' 