WOMAN'S' EXPONENT. all, and out of uy .members nr.rW,.' termed the heights and depths of knowledge. How often have we hMM women re- gretting that their school day were over. feeling that something tamribTe out of their lives, that they are losing that they are not advancing, in fact even those who are happily married always speak with a marked affectionate earnestness of the ' school or class association, this lack is great ly obviated in club life these clube are sometimes spoken of. as "married wo 5r ; ";,rc not be cue' who could tell uDK-fXper,enfeor travels or who had visitwt Hast India, or a thousand d pre other things equally entertaining and instructive. We are all f'Ji?i:ki. Z tire of familiar themes and anew element introduced occasionally increases the vigor and power of .development, brightens the" uikc wit, ana sharpens the intellect, lit fact whenever a club lacks inspiration I should advisa jmtside talent introduced just as you would send for a doctor in case of. sickness, sometimesawoor three doctors are neededr tone up the club with" some- thing strong, just as you would a patient, apply a remedy that will be. effectual if help can be procured. . XT:. . ixo particular method can be laid down; it seems to me these things must be left to the discretion of the management, or a ens colleges" they ainvtofdla place left .vacant as jwoman grows, away of her girlhood, often called to a new home and surroundings, awav .frnt all that was familiar, perchance to Wnt -fro- m-'the-friends for which she may be totally.unfitted either by birth education or training; what Outlet has she for the, active forces within, that would respond to some call for expression, some ventilation of views t: or.opinions that might be a positive relief to an overburdened .heart an antidote for loneliness, ana even uplilt those around her as well as her individual self. Often the tired mother would be glad to converse intelligently and sympathetically on equal terms with some sister woman, but calls are formal, dinners and teas are stupid affairs usually, but the club comes in where all meet on an equal footing, not. to gossip, or to talk scandal, but for mutual benefit and that greater good to the larger number. or thirty women; or more If twenty-fiv- e or less.unite to meet regularly for mutual improvement, even then it . may happen, that a subject is sprung that is new to them-, or to the world generally, for new ideas are generated, or new phases of thought, as well as new discoveries made. In such cases certainly secure for the club the most able exponent of the subject, to lecture or speak-upoit, that the whole club may get the best that can- be brought to bear upon the responsibilities ' A UTAH WOMAN INVENTOR. s .),tii T .T' h,A' -- 133 Mrs, Julia Freke Samson, of this City, has invented ,an unique music holder ' which she had patented Feb. 21st, 1893, and which has been highly recommended by musical people here and elsewhere, in fact it will be a great convenience as the following letters which are correcflpopies of the original abundantly testify. . r - . . . . committee wisely chosen, but Jcertaiulya club should take pvnorto The Knutsford, Salt Lake City, ' - Sep. 27, 1892, The music holder designed by .Mrs. J: Samson, examined by me this' morningf combines, several advantages which Will lfc LKJ iiiuaitidus uuu aluuenib. Music can be sorted, held in position, carefully protected from injuries arid con- veniently packed and carried about, by inuu ui mis verv mmnrhPtKHrA v'K' VW41n w onM. practical arrangement. The undersigned expects to save wear and tear of music and; considerable "inconvenience: iujhe future by its use. , (signed) William H. Sherwood, Director Piano Department, '." Chicago Conservatory. This Testimonial is certified to officially by a' Notary Public. ; Here also is another copy of a letter .also certified to in the same wav. -- CL question. In all clubs there are some exceptionally bright people who enthuse the majority, carry them forward (so to speak), yet people brought into close communication. soon get to know each other's capacity and to comprehend what each one is equal to and one has to be diligent as well as brilliant not to grow commonplace in the eyes of those who meet them regularly. The saying 'a prophet is not without honor save in his ' . 4 owncountryandinhisownhouse,"is a very true one, think of it as you will; we all know with what enthusiasm we go to near some new orator, or lecturer, even though JnfolWtiiallv above those f with whom we are daily associated, yet it is different, and stimulates our energies and faculties. A change is wholesome, the great wona ot nature teems wuu vauu) , there is nothing more disadvantageous to the growth of the soul than to get into a rut, either in individual life, or in club life, "variety is the spice of life." and the club needs new wine every now and then to infuse and effusive, giving vigor, freshness and animation; people grow weary of sameness, and pull contrariwise sometimes, not nfwiiicp thfv arp disagreeable but they A club may ana oueu need nnliftinodoes tire of general work planned for them even thoueh they have consented to u, those who take part may not be as bninant " ucuiiii wuu would seem anticipated.aitd in such cases it wise and expedient to have some outside it talent brought in; no one perwu knows - u.-w- XJL. along any hue of-- thought, or of work in which it is desirable to get the best and most reliable information. All knowledge does not come from books, there is the Great Teacher who inspires us all in a greater or less degree, and none of us know what may yet be developed in this progressive age of the world, and whether this new truth may be given to a sister woman, or brother man,' we may find ourselves wiser and better by living in a condition to receive it. In summing up the matter I wTould say outside talent may perMrs. Samson: too haps depend upon the financial condimusic' My Dear Madame: Your tion of the club, that sometimes controls holder, the "Tallyho" is the very thing larger interests in the community than club our choir singers need to carry their books life. To some people thouehts came oour- in, and to protect from rains etc. inginlike great rivers, toothers in little Thousands of dollars are wasted, yearly streamlets clearer and purer perhaps, the by having to roll their books in club may be the outlet and get the benefit theirsingers hands in their way to and from reOf the overflow of the great river, which hearsal. This can now all be alleviated, litrefresh and the the soil, may parched , tie streamlet may, winding about here and earr them straight also to place them althere, gladden many hearts with purer in where nnthirico nppd hf Inst- ortogether o spirations and be more desirable than the forgotten when wanted. great river. What is so useful, to choristers, must be One great advantage of woman's clubs is equally useful to all others who have similar the awakening: of thought that bears Iruit books to carry and keep together. It must in ideas, often very original ones, and-pe- r succeed when known and understood for it would hesitate not to one if but is so much needed. haps crude, be nresent these to the club, they- might w Yours, setbrilliant a most " have and polished up EvAff Stephens. the and sure be kernel, preserve Conductor of Tabernacle Choir and ting; only or the essence of that which first 'came to Choral Society Salt Lake City. ; the individual, the seedling, dont lose the The "Tallyho" can be manufactured positive . thought. through some sophistry oft is soon be put upexpression. The world is moving onwara here, and will, it hoped, and the good time is surely coming jwhen on the market; the difficulty has been lack we may grasp the ideal as well as the real, of means, and yet it does seem very hard instead of letting it soar away from us in when home products and articles are so much talked of, that there cannot be means the dim distance, when we who have alfurnished to manufacture what would ways longed to scale the heights inaccessibe so useful and economical in our own ble, may be uplifted above the clouds and climb' to a community. , 1 he 'Tally ho was on exreaching down,.; help others to hibition at the World's Fair and elicited the storm and tempest, place of safety above it wants but while we journey onward and upward, considerable attention, but patronage as well as money. Those so let us clasp hands as sisters in sweet assurinterested in home work should ance' of helping each other to cross the ardently to look into this matter. Wor desert of ignorance and the dark river take pains of tradition, where the little boats of error men inventors are rare, ana utan snouia who have shown and superstition glide in and out alluring make the most of those in this line. the unwory- - We will watch for the ability beacon light of truth that shines from afar over the Klysian fields of knowledge and EDITORIAL NOTES. And wmje we pursue understanding. rch. let lis not foiget the in- Tuesday evenings April 17th, a few numrable .company that follow in our of On the friends of Mrs. Emily H. Woo- dwake ana leave xui iutiujuiuiu& i.w.j of success in attaining mansee met at her residence to show their fa harbingers uur" esteem and love for one, a sister and a poet, the goal of our ambitions. ' v - X A. n - I -- . - -- ... 