WOMAN'S 1HB Wo .flAS'S ' XIONKN'I. I r- V i.( nv Vomen have thought" much, upon these c bnf thpv hnve had small opportunity- to use.anbutsileuUimuen bXI'OSE'NT. rk S ': linw beautiful as p yet wheylathere ;,and ich aniT Ho.w-fs one-traverse- - ; 1J : ... ; walls, .SMmUM i..V UWiU AN,'IH tj.A'J n' i ..V . -- ' ; M y-ft'-- aHiTtOHiT -- .kttltOrUli - . . .into, . . . j iauingjcayc m uu. 1WC)1 the union oi - . .. matf; extra ldVptk'tage one' .year, 2$cs Adyertiijd tatesr' Each square, len Tiny; of r.onparei space,-onlimS, $2:56; per month, 5300. A liberal dis- ered .u. uuvu.-she may also smile at the lender, ;f now seems .so .the pansy, ta es with eoual Suffractfas ' t hwv icriuiiniu ai.. a (n.u t w. uiMi'tt a he sweet e vs ni inai u:i .'.., If perchance Utah comes v " 1 j-u,u at the red and Avhite active in the texereise of everyirVht 'and many colored blossoms, nestling aiimng. OIZ" u vitli cd and-.;- . ,hongy-sucklof the Ieantime they; should not "sleep, glorious leaves uf : xod.bine;rat the stately dahlia in its rich nstimtion Exi'ON.tNT office. Rooms 227 A 228 be awake to the trrave' isstfes-anfrorn Z.C. M.'I, Husmess hours D; Main d'cnp colors presiding; like a queen over Uie emergences' of the time and avail themid a.m. to 5 p.m. every day; except Sunday. ' garden, at" the 'beautiful selves of every" opportunity 'to' exert an in- - Autumn Address all business communications to flnence in the direction of positive ord, iiv crysanthemtim, with her large lovely blos- PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT-'; fort ingand .atonng - "' Salt Lake Ci fY, 0 tah. tthe interest of all that relates; to the future; soms, cheering-andcoi' Ji nte re J at ".the Post Oflte- in Sat takejCity, Utah, ai welfare, aikTbetterment1 of tile condition of- for summer's flowers lost. said that -- nature Music: A. man once the iinf)nv- Dosseswhn nfA tn " second clast m itttr, th, ly cQU.nL.laj:eguiar.-advrt.iat;r- ' i ill-inv- which-statelj6- 'pj-jyii- and-pvirple-be- est ; rries . TrTliem, s e v BuM-i-'b- -- Street.-'ODnoait- : ' ' . -- " 'Vi- -- , - n ' - r S -i L vV r.f.'.-nitt- " 151894::' witlr in creased SFrTfiK' Ot v, - -- - (f nriviTees. cjmi an exteU' d respojisibility-an- ' '.. ; ; ever 'wandered Uu:i3Ugh.aJorciitiii.muiumiLiime-vJjias the "leaves whimpered-- , their good-byethey swning and swayed through tile meb low air in their falling to' the ground; if he ever heard the ' birds asJhey bade farewell :to. their summer nests and flocking together bv- the hundreds qave their glonous hnal chorus betCre migrating to the south. w he ever lieard the soughing wind through l ie jJenfless braiichcs murmuring its ctolian tones. Why the world is full of music in the autumn, nature's world ' at ' least, yes music, poetry and art, t whose is ; the soul that does not ; throb the quicker, the heart that does not beat the faster, tlie mind that does not think the deeper, in tlfe xich andglorious Autumn time. jf he" aris - -- L s . THK POLITICAL CJUHSTIOX. NOTHS. EDITORIAL Tiliv Delegates from two great political parties have assembled in Convention and formulated- their platforms or adopted resolutions and have declared- - in fayor-o- t r ; ; The poem in our 'In ' , . . , Last jssue- entitled, ,r should liave Loving Remembrance, been In Loving Remembrance ot bister equal rights irrespective of sex. This is Arabella ChaudleFParkinson: " ' At the first election under the' hqtml will be a great credit to Utah, and is indeed held in Colorado it was' demon- an. act of justice which inust recommend , SutTrage the lower ' the elements in "strated that to "So' far all itself people; the less interest' was taken, in the so good," as u. party' both Republicans and vSociety 21'." vice versa. Democrats have done what they could, and ballot, and for the people to elect such it remains. The General Conference of the Relief delegates to the Constitutional Convention Society will be held in the Assembly Hall as will carry out the principles- of justice in this city on Thursday, .'October .4th,. at: i o a. in, at 2 p. in . and equality, v It will ever be a maUer-o- f seveii in the evening, congratulation if the new Constitution i and and half-pas-t FEMININE HINTS. shall' be so near perfect that it will not re-- . j. 'r rThe Presidents of the Relief Society, of "J .all the several Stakes of Ziou are requested . quireamendments during, the first Legislahouse wife has been employed all The to attend or send an official representative the "summer long with her- arduous but : r. tures that will meet. The two platforms are before, the people to rtportt and all officers and members are satisfying - labor of preparing fruit for the and certainly both parties have been honor expected fo be present at the Conference. winter months and now with what a able in declaring their principles and the" Presiding: authorities , in the several Stakes i' nleasure;she rK)ints toher shelves filled --with in the i bottles of fresh berries and fruits her iarsVf for and hishops and bretlrreif m themselves of the facts as nresented intie work and advancement.: of thespciety..are, iTich. preserves: herelasses of Hear; delicious ' Resolutions adopted.; They are so clear cordially invited: to' attend the. meetings. perhaps though it is not yet too late ' jelly, and that one can scarcely plead By order of the Tresiclent Zina D. H. to publish a receipt for a catsup very highly : in to of difference ignorance regard points Young. praised and pickles very sweet to taste. letwceri the two parties. AU these things Tom Artr cATSur : Take7 oiie bushel dr are educational and certainly the women of A REVERIE six1 pounds of nice ripe tomatoes boil and the Territory " will take an interest in the strainthrough-a- - sieve.-- Take - two quarts T ' Autumn: .study of the political question, and be careas the of by the; vinegar, two ounces of allspice, ful to. note the distinctive diffeiences that melancholy season and ever poets of as twogood ounces thought pepper; "two ounces of tire so . apparent; jwheiLjQnelobks:into the the. saddest caiie.'.Iwihds . atnigh't fnustard, One ounce ot cloves one ounce oC su'biect si if their mournful sono-- : nnrl n; tlipv nnir. cmhamon two grated nut megs, two pounds The great fundamental principles of mur the forests and the through glens they of sugar and one pint of salt, mix all wellgovernment, however, should be carefully biow Ihd crimson and golden leaves to the togetherandturii-into-th- e tomato juice,-studied and - thosef who ' anticipate let the whole boQ four or five hours or 'tin- - t Jjjmngearthbelow- the frnncnise- shomd anli theiiiseTvef; t,toivATwpii 'nnti.mn',vitia,: LIU. U tl M iilU.' U11U tt,: AHLll-W- l J o' til it becomes thick, then pour in bottles or with this knowledge and not come fill leaves the soul with longings that no jars and tightl;cork. 1 .'.j ly i n to possession of the boon , so ardently other season brings. ' In the sweet gloom Peaches: Eight pounds ' ' desired and so eagerly sought for.- - There of the September days the heart is ftill, not of fruit, four pounds of sugar one pint of ' will be many important and serious so much, of hope for the comjng. days as J vinegar one ounce, each of allspice, cloves to be discussed that questions concern wo- sweet of the memories memories; Scald the syrup, peel the' past. and cinnamon. men as well as men; and perhaps-thfirst How. thick and fast they crowd upon one, .i ' peaches and drop in 'scalding syrup, boil ', J :: great subject to which the attention of wo- the "joys," the sorrows, ' the laughter, the until soft enough to push a straw through men will be called will be that of education tears all intertwine into one sweet ' memory them , thentake out "and place in jar, allow and study beforehand will be a The rivers are clearer arte more to cool when the great ad- chain. boiling syrup is poured In' the Associations vantage. ; the mountains with the over them , tie the1 spices in clean white throughout sparkling gleam the Territory this .matter should be. con- glorious tints that the' bags frost, and the 4md4xil alHhe-tTiearly stick three ws sidered, and acted, upon in- heavy-cleto the foliage of the or four cloves in: , ea'ch;vnIiyrnp, impart peach, Every other -i- uiniauou.may oe omained. ' There are maple and the oak, mingledwith the deeper for first the week boil the syrup for ,r some departments of public interest relating of the graceful pines; the great sun day greens half an hour and to a great- commonwealth which, come- casts shadows nnrl poiir back" hot over the uII fln,oc 11U t UliUlit' . tiiw frui t, then tie down secure! v with a cloth tl ir in il. .v rfiS t ' iuc line 01-r womaif s mist imparting the deepest visiijr ening purples wet in brandy; over the top of the fruit. province than others. Education, public to the eastern hills.the ruddiest and brightest Dress: The colors though subdued . . : ; cnaruies ana such institutintij k ru.rriK.more or less there to, sanitation were; neyer, .richer, than, this , fall and the HZ I -t- um tints interwovenn a ground moral and other great5 WH"1 health, ; j of black, seal brown, dark 1' V gray, navy blue ' - - - :JL..,, fair-minded- e ... . . , " - ' : : - . 4 ... -- ; . . . - . I " -c- -- an-judge -- well-xlefine- d -- . . - -- . r -- med of-bla- ek 11 - - i - -- VtVUkLA LXA -- , V 1 I 1 . t- , . : I : . - , t he -- -- " . ' - ' i . - : - - . , . . refSS,1 1 ::- 7 -..;-.; ,lt.. - - - :," ' ' i 