' WOMAN'S' A leadership as product d a complete talent for of enthusiasm among the music loving people of the community. paring the earlier years that he held the leadership of the Theater orchestra he produced a iiumbcr.ofc musical plays, including Macbeth, Tluf Brigand, Aladdin and Cinderella, for the two latter he composed the entire music, consisting of solos, duets During choruses and dramatic interludes. he conducted first the this engagement opera the Grand Duchess, by ever given in Utah, i the I Iowson j ; ! i trouper In 1875 J the great musical event in the city was the performance of the oratorio of the Messiah by the rmiharmonic Society, under"' the training and conductor-shi'. Professor Careless, with, over two hundred singers, and a full orchestra. The perfor- p .. wmr n -- rrronf m Tici rn 1 ft-- i 11 ri r1i , o tiA with Madame Anna Bishop and or the vecal celebrities in the principal parts. In the instrumentation, the first violins and the cornet obligate of Mr. Mark Croxall, were particularly fine; while among the vocalists, the palm of excellence' belonged without any question to Mrs. Careless, the wife of Prolessor Careless, whose rendition of T know that my, Redeemer liveth" was Her pure, sweet, bellsimply perfection. like tones, and her exquisite tense.. with feeling, rose almost in this selection to the exalted pitch of epic song. The fact that this oratorio could be executed in such perfection by a local association, and calf out a high' class audience fully .capable of appreciating such music, proves that Salt Lake City "even then was one of the great musical centers of the world, a that her subsequent history pre-eminen- -- - 1 T lf members. consisting of forty-fiv- e busiDuring his partnership in the musical firm im- city,, MrD. 6. Calder, the ported a large -- number of musical - instruments of all kinds, aiid published Lake Musical Times, 'Mhe first musical fourteen publication west of ChicagoXFor years Professor Careless wasXhe trainer and conductor of the Tabernacle choir, and by his faithful and unwearied laborslaid the foundation of that artistic excellence which rendered its recent brilliant success bepossible. To Mrs. Lavinia Careless, the longs by right of her rare genius musical highest niche of fame "among our stars. With a voice of phenomenal puiu; r tUa. 'tt. c nerieCL rin;t "w-"m .1 ana resonance, unitea wun control and culture, she so educatedsuun- and ToW ru.. -could sing :mity iii music, that only a Path here without being adversely compared with her.. In giving the musical history of Salt ness with -- a. ' 1 -- t, ,i!ve ; , contralto voice was heard to great advantage. In; setting j before his pupils a high standard of musical taste and culture, and. encouraging the study of the works of the more for the advancement of classical and High Art Music than any one else in this community, and many of his' pupils have become creditable teachers, among whom special mention must be made of Mrs. Joseph Mclntyre, at present a prominent and successful teacher in Oneida N. Y. The annual recitals given by Professor Krouse's pupils are classical entertainments of a high order. The programme for the coming recital includes concertos by Henselt, Chopin and Mendelssohn with orchestral accompaniment on second piano, also compositions by Liszt, Liebling, Beethoven, ' Rubenstein, Gottschalk and Wieniawski, rendered bv a number of his advanced. pupils who give promise of great musical attainments in the near future. A long list of performers on piano, organ, violin and other instruments might be given, which together with a number of vocalists of unusual excellence; justify the claim that we are in SaltLakeXity especially a music loving and appreciative people, and that no Territory, and but few States in our land can equal Utah in the progress made in the divine art. Especially in this me irum wiin regaru iu ciiuicii uuuoiv.. Salt Lake leads with the largest church choir in the world the Tabernacle Choir with 600 enrolled members the Choral Society three hundred in number, thirty choirs belonging to the various churches in - rs-rr- v V ; - Professor Careless also conducted thecele-brate- d Parepa Rosa Concerts in iS68, the Anna Bishop concert in the Tabernacle A WJIVt1mi rnnrerfs in the Theater in 1S80, and received from the great virtuoso the highes't praise and many marks of personal esteem. Tn Prnfpsvr Careless crave Sulli van's opera of "Pinafore" and later "The Mikado, ", both brilliant successes, and talent. In WJ 1L11UC1C11 I Al 1 83c he succeeded in organizing the largest localbrchestra ever brought together in this L1.T1 ; p ce 1 j the plains, and over the mountains in wagons. It shows how deeply the love of music was rooted in the hearts of the earlv settlers in Utah, when in the face of such almost insuperable obstacles, they planned' and successfully carried to completion the erection of such a magnificent inmmpnt at that timeThe secondJargest in the world The:"arcInTeaanor(Iesigiier ,of th;s grand organ was Mr. Joseph Ridges,. who worked on it for many years, but to Mr, Johnson belongs the credit of bringing it to its pres- perfect completion. It has four man uals, and pedal; fifty seven stops, and two thousand six hundred and forty eight pipes, supplied with wind by three large bellows, In its operated by two hydraulic motors. completed form, situated in one of the most perfect acoustic buildings in,theworld,- - it is justly an object of pride to our city and the wonder and admiration of strangers. When Professor Careless resigned the conductor-shiof the Philharmonic Society, Professor Radcliff came to Salt Lake City and' tdok the vacant position, arid a year later gave "The Creation V' in the theater with marked ProYessor Radcliff is a great success. organist, and his recitals given on the Tabernacle organ proves his complete mastership of that noble instrument. 'In 1878, in order to meet the growing demand for musical education, the Utah Conservatory of music was opened in Salt Lake City with Dr. Ellen B. Fereuson ,as director. This institution devoted to the study of music in all its branches, included systematic courses for the voice, and all instruments in common use, with instruction in Musical- Theory, Notation, Tone Reading' and Elocution, and was for several years the principal school of music in the Territory, many of its pupils are among our best amateur musicians and vocalists today. be Among our local musicians also may mentioned Professor Joseph J. Daynes, who pupil of G. W. Morgan cf New York, has presided at the Tabernacle organ since an able 1867, ' and Professor Orson Pratt, teacher of the piano, harmony and counterpoint. soloists Mr. Among our noted violin Wiliard Weihe stands in the front rank. A OIp Bull, for whom he played at the early age of ten years, he has by force of his genius and perseverance wurKcu mw-seand under up to the highest position; the tuition of the celebrated Vieuxtemps, that has developed a anarvelous technique a virtuoso. rarely- - been equaled except by His exquisite rendition of the works of the and great masters, is at once an inspiration, an artist's dream. to In 1881 Professor H. S. Krouse came himSalt Lake City, and at once established self as a first class musician and teacher, and during his residence here has steadily of isen in the appreciation, of all lovers at the classical music, until he now stands head xof his profession with a reputation and second to none as a teacher of piano rvs a - i the Higher, Techniques, t. cumss 0f opera ana concert, uc 13 x of Fatimtza vyas a ofy" was pronounced by the critics of the day a presentation far superior both in its vocal and orchestral excellence, to the performance of the same oratorio in San Francisco 93 Lake City, prominent mention must be made f the) grand organ in the Tabernacle. When, it was commenced in 1S66, all the materials necessary for building it had to be obtained from the East, and hauled across wsiial 'circles' and created volution n, quite a furore kX'l'ONKNT; : it ri-oH repreSentatioii ;ctiV Tiprformance. Tn this Driinauuttuu. . Miss Jennie Ha wley , (no wT Mrs. H C ' Woodrow) a pupil of Professor Krouse, which her exquisite . i ih fc" title role, ' in JJO. ,.a ai.w A-- f ra, each, making a grand total of fifteen hunAdd to dred choristers in this city alone. these the two hundred and fifty choirs in the various towns and settlements together with all the Sunday school choristers in the Territory and Utah may well claim to be the land of music, song and sunshine. To Professor Evan Stephens, a practical musician and composer f considerable native genius as well as professional training, is due the success of the general move-- ; ment in class teaching in the Sunday rossessea 01 rare personal magnetism, a born musical leader with perfect choral control, he sways the hundreds of children on the stage with a few, limpliimoyements of his baton, maintaining a perfect tempo, with the most ot iorte and piano, l he exquisite variation MntlfStiil cnn rrc nrivfn In tllP schools ot the Terntor'. f Tabernacle on February 22nd 1893 by twelve hundred children under fifteen years of age, was repeated seven times to large and enthusiastic audiences, and demonstrated the; possibility of a hig h standard of musical training for- children, thus educating a generation of musicians who will inn future years maintain Utah's musical the Rocky Mountains. The greatest .achievement of Professor Stephen's career has been the training and successful competition of 250 members of the Tabernacle choir at the WorkTs Fair Eisteddfod. The three competitive choruses were il Worthy is the Lamb, " (Messiah) "Blessed are the men," (Elijah) and "Now the impetuous torrents rise," (David & Saul) and these had been practiced for . many months by the trained choirs who entered the contest for the World's Fair prizes. The Utah rhmr wno naa less man mice muiuua, iuapreparation, sang the numbers without copies, and carried off the second prize of $1000. The journey of the chpir to and - supre-macy-- - 