WOMAN'S and the first season under thLv&ianagement of Ciawson and Caine was a gratifying v success. k Before the opening of the second season, the veteran actor Mr. T. A. Lyne was sent the. engagements of a. few notable" passer across the coiitinent, alive his former pupil, Manager Ciawson, and engaged as tutor to the company. During this season the following fine plays were given. "The Honeymoon", with John T. Caineas Duke Aranza, Phil Margetts as the Mock Duke; "Virgiuus" with Bernard Snow in the title role; "Damon and Pytbias"with Lyne as Damon, and "PizarnW with John T.. Caiue, Lyne, J. F. Siminons Mrs. Marian Bowring itrtlie cast. Later '7on,TLyne played Virginius and again Da-,- .' mon, in which he has been acknowledged to have had no equal in A'merica, excepting Forrest himself, then as Shy lock in the Merchant of Venice' j gave a fine exposition of "the jew that Shakespeare drew'-- ' in which Edmund KeanTwon thescejJeFoT for by , . us unauuai anu aramatic snrcp.;?. ...... Alauuel A .. Dr. Desmartts.... Mons De Berannes season., . . .:. 4 , lw . ...... the-ok- F se " ..1 1.(11 1 V I I 1 I .I I I 11 I 1 1 I I II III V of six penormances with the club in Hazel Kirke, Ldith Ciawson - took the title role: and in it soon merited recognition, of her talents as an emotional actre s. Her sister." liirdie ummings is deservedly popular in soubrette roles, in which she has achieved decided success, while Ivv "Ciawson. 'an- lother member of the same talented family; is a pleasing actress in ingenue and boy's .. parts. The clubhas frequently played, with pro fessionals, and has always striven conscientiously to present a high class of theatrical attractions, and to produce its plays up to the very best standard. In this endeavor they have been ably seconded by Mr. C. S. Burton, the, present manager of the Salt Lake Theater who shows no disposition to allow the high purposes which animated its distinguished founder to be swerved from. and under his management, the theater .. . pre-dispo- b " .......... , A When the veteran Couldock was brouehr ........0. ; V from New York to play an engagement Laron Cu'mmings. F. Whitney. ... , H. M. Wells. ' s i Hdith Ciawson, miirht almost be said to have been cradled on the'staireT she was the reigning V'lutant'Mor years,,. and her por-'- . trayal of Prince Arthur when Tunius Bru tus Booth played King John, was one o -- the Irwins reigned and gave a: great .... variety of plays, being ;well supported by . . . J. D. Spencer. In the "Colleen Oasper Laroque . 'the home company. M. Nouret ' C. S. Burton. Dave McKenzie scored a triumph Bawn Alain .,, as Danny Mann; and his impersonation has ;H. Horsley, Marguerite Laroque.. Miss Lottie Claride. - never been excelled on the Salt Lake stage. Mile Helonin. . . . . . Mrs. Delia Cumminp-sIn 1864 Mr. George Pauncefort, an ac-- v Miss Lida Wells. with Sirs. Mad. Aubrey complished English actor, Mad .Mrs. S. H. Ciawson. Laroque.. Florence Bell, came to Salt Lake City, and . . . ... Christine . Little Ivv Ciawson. alternated his light classics against T. A. The performance was a complete success. Lyne's grander, statelier parts of the old' to a the , school," giving public pleasing and was presented again .and again to still of and new variety legilegitimate larger audiences than the one that greeted timate clafe of plays. This refined and their opening night, thus proving that the finished aftist gave as his opening play decadence ol home drama wns nntHip tn "The Romance of a Poof Young Man". in lack of appreciation on the part of a people which he wrought out one of the most acwho had loved the Salt Lake stage from dramatic works of and natural the night when the footlights first blazed complished art. Lyne tojlowed the next night with, tiiere. the "Merchant of Venice" and the two The personel of the new , club did much artists held the boards alternately during to the public in its lavor, and the season of 1864-5- . Among the plays though as years passed on. changes were made in the organization, the names of the given during Jhis engagement were "Mac"Don Cesar de Bazan," members remained much the same, younerer beth,". "HamL-t,"Belphegor," "Damon and Pythias," and branches of the family taking the places of under the stimulus afforded by such finishthose who retued for vanous reasons to ed perform nces, the stock company at private life. Instead of the heavy dramas tained to much greater excellence and were and tragedies which afforded the triumphs capable of executing star plavs of the of early days, they aimed at modern me- second class. The queen of the Salt Lake thods. ror the nre anu passion 01 tne stage was undoubtedly Julia Dean riayue, romantic and classical plays they substituted who made her debut in Salt Lake City in the finesse and polish of emotional dramas 1865; in the nlnv of "Camille" a represen and eccentric comedies of the present tation that stirred the heart of the Theater school, and from, the time this club first "- produced the K omance until the p 1 esen t, going public of the city to profound horn age to her genius and art. So cordially did it has continued to be the only dramatic she leciprocate this kind feeling, that she organization of importance to which the .. 1 ii 111 remained liere nearly two years," swaying City COUld lay Claim, uuring uie twcive the scepter over the local company and years 01 its existence, the ciud nas presen with un educating them by her brilliant example. fpH n nleasinp- variety of plays Her repertoire included 'Medea' ' "Lucretia wavering success. Their repertoire includes 1S63-- Christian Christianson in Stonn Beaten are artistic triumphs; Mr. B, S. Young, who fills a line oi 01a men r character and comedy delinea tions, in a style peculiarly" his own; and Mr, H. G. Whitney who as manairerof the club, has contributed in no small degree, to 'xir.i. -- In the third Bob Sackett in Saratoga; and profes-Mona- ls the dramatic spirit, which awaited its reincarnation in the Home Dramatic Club of recent fame. 1 hlS club the OlitmniP ,f and Azalea Literary society among i ts members the sons and daughters m 01(1 V.J"ro1 time.histrioniq celebrities, a generalion of' amateurs, who drew their first draughts of. dramatic inspiration irom witnessing the five yearsago. Under the tuition of one ot the ormer.day stars, Mr. David the club developed a marked ieiizie, of dramatic degree ability, and when they oowtoa Sah; Lake audience, n ,7! 4lhe Romance of a P their success revived the recollection of tl former triumphs of bur local artists. The cast was as follows: , the English stageTf 95 to keep m now ' - EXPONENT. " popular dramatic temples of the Western . slope. In 1882 the Walker opera house, an ele- grant and artistically arranged biiou theater was opened, and until its destruction by fire a few years ago. was the scene of many local and travelling dramatic and operatic ' successes Salt Lake City is universally conceded to be "the best show town in the West" pos sessing the best amateur dramatic and musical organizations in the country, at the same time, the dramatic taste, critical dis cernment, and artistic culture of the com munity foreshadow a glorious art future un folding for Utah, When one of the brightest niches in the world's temple of fame will be accorded to the genius of the land of the ...... Honey Bee. -- r.: . 1 1 - ' 'Lady Macbeth' ' 'School for Scandal" "Parthenia" in "Ingomar" "Lady of Lyons" "Evadne" and other plays of a similar class, every one of which in her hands were works of the highest dramatic " ' . v. art. During this decade the stars of the stock company were Miss Alexander, Miss Adams, Miss Lockhart, Nellie Colebrook, David McKenzie, James Hardie, John Lindsay and Phil Margetts. With the retirement o. David McKenzie from the stage in i860, the ld Deseret Dramatic Company may be said to have ended its career. From 1870 to 1880 the theatrical business in Salt Lake declined both in interest and prestige. Jty The new combination did not come up to the- - old company in talent or enthusiasm ad their performances interspersed with ' At this time, when, woman suffrage is under consideration by the Massachussets Legislature, a summary of the votes on suhrage taken during the past year in other State Legislatures, may be of interest. Actress" of "The" Life an The Colorado House voted 39 to 21, and "Extremes" ' 'Diolomaev" 'Storm Beaten" rvitno-a- ' the Senate two to one. in favor of granting Banker's "The Daughwomen full suffrage, and it was ratified by "The Silver king" t r '. m ter the ureen .uanes xugiciuu popular vote by 6,347 majority. In Ari"Con London" o' K. G." "Lights zona, a full suffrage bill passed the House "Con In Kirke." nnrl "Hazel f,icm" 17 to 6, and was lost by two votes in the - Senate. In Maine, a municipal finishmost the is irb certainly suffrage t a LflVVV the 'ppp nf rlrnmatic work ever done by 16 to bill; Senate passed the " 13, and was de 1! 1.1. .: Jt J feated in the House nine votes. ClUb, lyOttie WiariUge uic lcauiug iauy , uiduc auu The Kansas House voted o to 17. and ior trelTfi.T nil H Luucua the Senate 32 to 5, in favor of a full suf-John D. bpencer as viiribtupuci characterihiQ inost"' delightful ,.fl nanf o vaifrage amendment, which is now pending. vavv of members the the other In Nebraska full suffrage was defeated in Utah all are born) the House, .46 to 42 and municipal suffrage club (who by the way Who have aiSllUgUlsncu lucuiaavw passed the House, 45 to 36, and was indefi- M. v, mfMitimied the vvells. H. Mr ' UC UU'J niteiy postponed in the benate, 17 to 15. the of rendition whose A Tujl iuffrageameiidment-passe- d parts the leading man, ' an of "Life the Minnesota to Actress,' in Senate, 31 of Grimaldi 19. It came up in . .J Borgia' GROWTH OF WOMAN SUFFRAGE. 1 1 1 1 '0 J. LfcJA-i- - -- 1 . liituyi diiiu .. - . r , " 