,"..'- I - . .(.-- t- - '. , . ... i. - - ; , r. fJ Vol. 22. -- ' Z,, . the RtgkU of the Wnen of, all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 15, 1804. CONTENTS: ; No. 14. PERSONAL IMPRESSIONS OF ART AT THE COLUMBIAN EXPOSITION. . times called "Invading Cupid's. Real in" is an exquisite study of both. The fair sweet maiden just old enough to begin to tliink of love, is a blonde brunette, with the Concluded, . loveliest, eyes of violet blue, and a scant drapery thrown about her, to match them Amon( g the pictures in the French dp. in color. She has stepped into a veritable ' found partmentl Jean Beraud's 'Descent nest of cupids, such lovely, rollicking, rosy ii, From the Cross" a curiosity to me until mischievous cherubs, who swarm about her I learned it belonged to the in every conceivable position of grace and" school, Beraud being one of the mastersof beauty. One intrepid little fellow has that glaring novelty of Art, 'Imtoward her President and has his hand on her Woodruff's crept Editorial. Party. pressionism.' is pictured Christ i, Editorial Notes. ll pei feet foot; another whispers in her the study of a dead body; glassy eyestruly ' and ear, and one more venturesome still, Poetry. Overworked Ella Wheeler Wilcox. sunken jaws, horrible in its realism: There is about to kiss her red, ripe lips. It is a a E. Crocheron. God Give are tiled roofs on the houses of the The Purest, . compara-perfect study of innocent babyhood and Us Men Oliver Wendell Holmes. tively modern city in the background, and girlhood, and as fresh and pretty as it is the men and women about the cross reprein perfect drawing and coloring. the family and friends of the Savior, senting "The .Virgin's Home" by Dubufe, a OVERWORKED. are dressed like common ' people of the pretty modern looking Virgin, sweet' and French class to of Up with the birds in the early; morning--V- " dayv It reminded me dainty, coming down the steps toward you. more of a The dewdrop glows like a precious gem; groujr 01 resurrectionists, with She is dressed in white, and carries a really some curious women looking on, than a natural baby, whose face and head has no Beautiful tints in the sky are dawning, picture of the sorrowful group we are wont preternaturally wise look, but who gazes at Bat she's never a moment to look at them. " to think of as tenderly J taking from the you wonderingly, The men are wanting their breakfast early; just as most babies do at cross the a of crowd. our Lord. is The body home is one of those white It iust pos She must not linger, she must not wait; sible the faces that of the woand The words that are sharp, and looks that Tare square top houses, with the elare of the apostles men in this .white are in as the picture - surly, portraits light of the Orient on it, pretty arbor ; and olive trees in the back ground. Are what the men give when the meals are late. picture of "Christ at the Pharisee's Table," by the same artist, exhibited in 1891, and - Eugene FeyenVThe Cancale Regatta," 0 glorious colors the clouds are turning! which it is said all Paris flocked to see, a scene in Venice, numberless figures ivery If she would but look over hills and trees; where . the Christ is surrounded, by . well tiny yet each! figure" is distinct, and the face But hereare the dishes, and there is the churn-- - known personages of our day, in modern is painted expressively The colors, too, ' '.: . are vivid and the effect of soft balmy air, ing dress, and that herein lies the true merits of Those things always must yield to these; cloudless blue sky and brilliant colors of ;, the "Descent From The Cross." But it The world is filled with the wine of beauty, strikes me that Impressionism is going beflags, boats and costumes, makes it, for me; -If she would but pause and diink it in; a very attractive little picture. yond its original motto "Down with con' But pleasure, she sas, must wait for Tissot's "The Prodigal Son, " a series of " vention and idea of first fugitive impresfour pictures, were gems of. rich Warm sion of things." My first fugitive, imwork is committed sin. pression of the "Descent From the Cross," tones, exquisitely painted. . The day grows hot and her hands grow weary; "An Old Inn in Castile" by Vuillefroy, was that it was neither historical, graceful Oh, for an hour to cool her head! in grouping, or tender in sentiment, and far was one of those quaint bits x f ld Spanish Out with the birds and the wind so cheery from inspiring a- - religious feeling. But architecture pleasant to look upon. Soft But she must get dinner, and make the bread. here, as a foil to Beraud's, we see Rosa creamy brown tints that rest the eye, The busy men in the hayfield working, Bonheur's "King of the Forest" and the which often tires looking at the wealth of , Ii they, saw her sitting with idle hand, "Overthrow," for they are full of life, and color. Would think her lazy, and call her shirking, , Zuber's "Under The Beeches" was a wild life toov She is always true to life, in And she never could make them understand. drawing, and catches the lights of nature beautiful landscape. The effect of sunlight, air and distance, remarkably true, most effectively.. They do not know that the heart withjn her, Bonnat's portrait of M. Renan I thought and the perspective a triumph of art. The" Hungers for beanty and things sublime; wonderfully dever;'- yet some of the critics largest canvases and some of the small They only know that they want their dinner, ones in the German departments were tell me it was very ' 'flat' ' and "cut out, ' Plenty of it, and "just on time." And after the sweeping and churning and baking, despite the rotundity of the subject. But largely devoted to William the Second, and And dinner dishes are all put by, here, as elsewhere, I looked with my own one, the immense "Apotheosis," of William the First. She sits and sews, though her head is aching, eyes. The American public I fancy have very Paul Matthey's 'First Proof ' gave the 'Till time for supper and "chores" draws nigh. effect of reflected light, on the man's face, kittle use for such subiects and thev were to Her boys at school must look like others, Lenbach, the as he studies the proof in his hand, in a me simply lay figures. and hose, frocks She says, as she patches their portrait painter of Germany, wonderfully fine way. For the world is quick to censilre mothers, "Our Lady of the Angels" by shows Bismarck, who modestly takes a clothes. children's For the least neglect of their one of those lovely Madonnas back seat, but is a wonderful picture.; Bouguereau, of field labor, Her husband comes from the His "Pope Leo, " whose kindly pleasing with the face of holy calm, which remindface causes us to forgive the glare of his He gives no praise to his weary wife; ed me of Murrillo's "Immaculate ConcepShe's done no more than has her neighbor is holding the most beautiful babe in crimson gown is also fine; and the portrait tion," Prof. Knaus, is magnif'Tis the lot of all in a country life. ', her arms, who reaches out his little arms to of "Monsen" by from the canvas like life. icent, stands out you. The back ground of blue sky and . But after the strife and weary tussle, Edmund Harburger, "In the Cellar" rosy clouds, is filled with child angels and who is called "the by When life is done, and she lies at rest, witty German painter;"; they hover all about her. The dark blue his The nation's brain and heart and muscle subject a fat German lounging between and pale red of the gown being the Her sons and daughters shall call her blest; . draterv effect was two beer barrels, is not a very poetic one, only decided color, the whole And I think the sweetest joy of heaven, . nor inspiring, yet the picture is so fine in to me; simple in its grouping, charming V The rarest bliss of eternal life, ; tone and color, that we forgive the coarse; and very fresh and loveiy. uouguereaii And the fairest crown of all will be given in the harmonious whole. must delight in painting babies and beauti- - ness ' Unto the way worn farmer's wife. two paintings - "An r iul women, jui m Kroenberger's vio aiwi., Wheeler Wilcox. personal Impressions of Art at the Columbian Exposition Edahoo. Woman L. S. A Plea ' Kindness Among Women Alta for More Witbeck. Relief Society Conforence. Ladies' . Meeting Lydia D. Alder. A Woman's Assembly. Woman Suffrage Column S. LCo. W. S. A.j Bountiful W. S. A., and Woman Suffrage. R. S. & P. A. Reports. -- The Woman Lawyer. First In.. Memoriam. -- Obituaries. Semi-month- ly . J 'The sea-she- Gift-Zin- - ' ' ' .. -- - v " . . duty-Negl- ected : . - -- ; -.: .. 1 : par-excellen- ; ; Ella ce s 