loneliness and loss in every home where he resting wholly'and solely witli her in regard gifts to these lone girls," but words of wisdom, comfort and encouragement; she never had visited. He was buried among the pines to the children, that she could not have knew the feeling of hiid near to Lady Anna whom he had watched yielded a point in reference to the course . fostered because of her relationship to Sir His wife felt his she ought to pursue. over from her childhood. Mr. Barrington knowing the contents of Edward, and her residence at the old loss deeply but the many responsibilities she tumble-dowcastle. Strange what strong Avas obliged to carry and the pressing duties Mrs. Bland, "You will pardon me I trust prejudices existed between old families, arid which must be; attended to immediately, for you to person-- 5 how it invariably impressed" the"" servants. helped her ta endure with greater courage but would it not be well In this case as the young women married the sad loss that had befallen her. Her ally consider the proposition of your husband's family, and make up your mind to and assumed responsible positions as malittle bov missed his father with a grief al trons in a new colony, they grew to admire most uncontrollable. He had been so much leave here in the spring for a visit and a and look up to Mrs. Bland , who proved a with him, always in fact when he was at change of scene, even if you desire to make home.'' staunch friend in times of adversity, and homeland often: rode in hisgigover the America your permanent ' Mrs. , Bland seemed astonished that any one on whom firm reliance could be placed. hills and through the long stretches of nine Dr. Bland "survived only a lew months woods while his father was makinghis one should have dared to iriake such a after Maitland left for England, his illness calls upon In- - patients suggestion, and hesitated a moment before ,r was so gradual that his friends were Businessmen who interested themselves replying, turning upon him the full blaze scarcely aware it was serious, though his and proffered advice to the young widow, of her large gray eyes. "I thought Mr. wile was apprehensive of danger from imwhoseemed so much alone in, the world, Barrington you understood me better than executors of the will, were all to ask such a question, or eveji indulge jf" pressions and premonitions of an indefinable and-th- e character which, she felt, and knew were amazed at the wotiderful ability and even thought of my ever putting into the power convincing to lier own mind. She disknowledge of business affairs, that Mrs. of any one to control, me or my affairs I have passed through ordeals of such a guised from her husband the real state of Bland displayed in. dealing with the subher feelings, and preserved a cheerful coun- - jects that demanded her personal supernature, that I am quite prepared to stand - tenance when with him, but often when by vision. She was or seemed to be eemal to alone if needful and lo bring up my child, herself, the tears would flow at the thought all occasions and under all circumstances. according to my own ideas, that he may be ' of being left alone with such grave' resMr. Barrington rendered "her valuable as well fortified to : grapple with fortune or ponsibilities, in a new country among "assistance in relieving her of the unpleasant misfortune as his father and I, want to "But my strangers. Maitland had not been heard duty of writing to the Doctor's relatives in educate him in my own way." from direct but once when the Doctor's the north of England. This she really felt dear friehd" whispered Mr. Barrington death occurred, and then his message was she could not do. It was very remarkable "Would not your opportunities and advanthat she kept her balance so well, looking tages be much greater in England Jthan very unsatisfactory. "Take good care of the children, dear after every minute detail in the settlement here to - give your son a; liberal education fof the estate and property, and yet managsuch as yotT propose, rand you yourself cousin, they have no mother butyou now and when my mother's affairs I ing her household: and nursery with pre; would have the companionship of refined will come or send1 for them? Let me know cision and keeping every department in and cultivated women, whereas here you as often as possible how they are and be running order. Her hands were never idle, have never made the acquaintance, though sure that Andrews is faithful to Edward." and her quick and ready intuition of what you have been urged, of women in your Toward the close of his letter he asked if was needed, andwhat was best and most owri rank, only of the poor and lowly." the baby was like Anna. Such a heartless appropriate seemed never at fault. "Of whom I have learned invaluable letter coming: when Mrs. Bland was over- A severe winter set in soon after the lessons of patience, resignation, humility whelmed with care, anxiety and sorrow was decease of the Doctor and she was more and courage under supreme almost unbearable, even for one so for- closely confined within doors, which indifficulties arid embarrassments, this you and than charitable. Clair had not been clined her more to melancholy when will grant me is worth learning in your giving heard from for some time and she did not she was out and looking after the necejsary creed of divine philosophy." like to mention him because of Robert preparations for the loug,coldNew England "Certainly Madame but. yet I see a Harrison whose name never passed her lips, winter. It was also true that being more boundless avenue open to you in the higher and of whom she never allowed herself to with the children she was constantly rewalks of life, and with such a fine brain as Anna in alluher lifetime for both herself minded of the double loss, think; frequently yours, and the courage of a man, a hero ded to "dear Uncle Rob" as she always and them, of the two who had left her so indeed, you should make your influence felt called him, but Mrs. Bland either maintainAlmost the only companion in the rank and file of women of superior sorely bereft. ed perfect silence or answered in mono- -' with whom she held converse upon any graces ;and "And so you intelligence." syllables; for a woman of Jane Bland's serious subject was Mr. Barrington, and in think America is not good enough or great the long evenings a he would read to her enough for- - poor me let me tell you type would not allow herself even to cherish a thought of another man, to come like while she sat and sewed on the little garwomen America will need strong-hearte- d a dark shadow between her and the hus- ments for the . orphaned children. The and brave men in the near-futuand band whom she had promised tr love and young minister wras conversant with many England has . her army and navy and her inBland was obey, for that was one of the solemn in in Mrs. which treasuries are full and running over." topics deeply junctions of the marriage service of the terested and it was a great pleasure to them Church of England. Besides she enterboth to; give free expression to thoughts tained the Utmost reverence for the- - sa and ideas, not always quite so well underThe Woman's Club. has added a obligations she had assumed, and to be lackstood by the people among whom they woman Chicago suffrage section to its other departing fidelity even in thought would have were living. '. seemed to her low and base. One letter had come from Maitland after ments.'; The death of Dr. Bland was a blow to the Doctor's death, but it was a sterotyped Rev. Dr. Guibart, of Roxbury, Mass., , the community, for he was a man to be affair, his mother joined him in expressions preached a strong sermon in favor of missed not oniy among men, who esteemed of love and sympathy; he could not yet woman suffrage last Sunday. his great virtues and nobility as well as his leave England forseveral reasons which he The Prohibition State Conventions' of worldly wisdom and sagacity, but the poor did not take the "pains to give, and he must California and Illinois, and the Populist and afflicted to whom he had been generous stay by his mother for the present. and benevolent, mourned for. him 'most From the Doctor's relatives tender letters State Conventions of California, Illinois and sincerely, and they had good cause for they of love and sympathy begging Mrs. Bland Indiana endorse woman suffrage. had lost a kind friend and a true benefactor. to come home to them, and to give up the At Tuskegee, Ala. , Normal and IndusHis funeral was largely attended, the care of her cousin's children to those whose trial; Institute, every girl who graduates services being very simple, but eloquent duty it was to care for them. This she this year has cut and made the dress which with deep feeling, for Mr. Barrington who could not and would not do, it was she wears though on Commencement, day. delivered the short discourse knew how upd very pleasant to know these good friends right and conscientious his life had been, her situation, "Why Women Should Vote" is the title and in fact all who had the honor of his and would haveappreciated made her more than wel- - of an admirable pamphlet by Rev. Dr. acquaintance felt the influence of his re- come to dwell among them. But she felt Rainsford, of New York. It may be fined personality. lie never considered so strongly within herself the independence ordered from Rev. R. Atkinson, 207 E. J. neither hardships nor toil in his profession, of action, and the need of upon her 1 6th Street, New York City. Price, ten and after his death there was asense of own judgment in referencerelying ' ' to the" duties cents. n . t , , . -- , are-settle- d, ' " self-denia- l, 1 ' re -- m-p- H - kind-hearte- ; , 