148 Woman's Exponent. EMMELINE B. WELLS. ANN IS WELLS CAANON XamtJia). - Editor. SdiUrial Cntriirulr. semi-uioum- c. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50; per month," $3.00. - A liberal disT ! - ;j count to regular advertisers. 5 j; Build-n- g, & Constitution 228 Rooms office. 227 Exponent Main Street, opposite Z.C.M, I. Busess hours from 10 a.m. rp 5 p.m. every day, except bunrtay. Address all business communications to lL PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT. , Salt Lake City. Utah. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter. Salt Lake City. June 15,1894. BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY. According to promise given in last issue, sbmething more is here presented of the Young Family Gathering on the First7 j vi j uix. Sister Elizabeth Ellsworth, eldest child of President Young, was present, from Idaho. Herjbister Yilate Decker, was Dora (on her father's birthday, and on this occasion, sat at the head of the table with President deorge.Q. Cannon, celebrating her sixty-fourt- h birthday. delicious After a dinner, which was arranged, and partaken of in groups, formed by different branches of the family cbnven- . a program was given, which consisted of recitations, singing music, etc. The original articles offered were, an excellent poem of welcome and greeting, written- and read by Miss ArreUa You:?g, and an appropriate poem by Lula, recited by her little son, A song by Heber Greene Richards. Edward Young, of ProVo, youngest son of - : rendered in a style which proved the young man's rich, baritone voice to be in keeping xMtli tVia tmicirvil aKilirv nf trif fnmilv nf - recitations wrere given from members of the family Association; aiso an impromptu aa-dre- any fixed purpose in view, and yielding in many instances to dangerous influences. " ;Ih these days of confusion, calamities and strife, it is well for women as well as men to be wise and conservative, to maintain that equanimity under all circumstances that will help to keep society level, and not run to extremes in any one direction , but trust in God and observe tlie signs of the times, that woman as a reserve force may be ready for any.great emergency where help may b ineededr Aid whether we all realize it or not in the great conflicts which are sure to transpire shortly, (because we of warning) already; have the key-not- e woman will be called to ad as well as to use a silent influence, and the better prepared politically, morally, mentally and spiritually she may be, the greater helpfulness she can render in the coming struggles where mankind-wi-ll assuredly stand in need of her wise counsei-an- d a)d, her economy, her tenderness, fortitude and endurance, and where she will have abundant opportunity to prove her ability as & help meet to man not only in the home, but in the public arena of life itself, taken in its largest and most comprehensive sense: The broad field which the nineteenth century has opened to woman, in which to educate herself in the schools, colleges, and universities as well as the opportunities for culture which are given through the various clubs and organizations that are today a noticable factor in villages, towns and cities, will better fit and qualify her for the tremendous changes that are imminent in the horizon of today. The world is not standing still,r and the advancement of the greater civilization of which one hears so much,and the progress made in the solution of intricate and difficult problems in science that so electrify the world of mankind, are all positive proofs of the great events that are to bewrought out in fulfillment of the designs of, the Almighty, that have been foretold in the Scriptures by the greatest and wisest inspired men and poets, who have lived in different ages of the world's history, and who looked forward to the day when these wonderful things would come to pass, that seem now so rapidly approaching a great and momentous climax, v branches and stakes m Utah and wherever the saintsrd well are sixty thousand children enrolled in the Sabbath Schools ami Trima-riestjineed healthy and intelligent mothers to guide and direct these God given treasures; and that theworid niay be benefitted and made better bytheir coming upon the earth, is our fervent prayer; and to accomplish this, there are both spiritual and with temporal iatbrs requireintermgeconomv for our self support and home 1 are redustry in every form, these things ' , in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published l, Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction inade tor clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year;; 25 : EXPONENT. WOMAN'S ss by Seymour B. Young jurr. At 10 p. m. the exercises closed, and benediction was pronounced by Elder Evan F. Greene. After many kind words of parting, with hopes of meeting again, perhaps in one year more, the party dispersed and the old Lion House wras again left in, the quiet state which of late years it usually assumes. WOMAN'S OPPORTUNITY. The disasters on land and sea of the last few months are very distressing to hear, and to read, and terrible indeed to those who are in peril. We who are comparatively speaking in places of safety, should certainly, be very gratefuf for the blessings vouchsafed to us by our Heavenly Father, and it should inspire us to greater faithful-- , ness and diligence in serving Him, and Not only keeping his commandments. does it seem that the natural elements of the world are in great commotion, causing destruction of many lives and millions of property but that mankind are seriously affected by agencies that are not understood, and are going hither and thither without at - in-?- : 1 -- quisite.- 1 . 1" ' : ! There are some intelligent and farseeing ladies in Salt Lake City that discern the utility and necessity of this movement in home industry, in order to meet the conditions of the present times and prevent '. sufferinr. Inasmuch as our long standing "organizations have been blessed to do so much good in relieving the needy in the past, and there-- are now new duties requiring special atten- tion reminding us of what we have already . passed through, and praying that we nor any other people may ever lack bread or the necessities of life, I feel it will require ' ' L to meet distressing.times, and circumstances that may come; utilizing all that we can, 1 and that we have, and not going 'into debt. We car? teach our children frugality and re- -; strain them from wasting even a piece of bread; all blessings are God given; and as Joseph Smith used to say, "l, teacn tne people correct principles and they govern themselves;" so let us teach our children by precept as well as by example correct always be with principles (as them) and do our duty the best we can, observing all the requirements devolving upon iis. I feel truly and deeply for ' those in new places struggling with the inevitable of a new country, and I wish to say, do not be discouraged, the Lord rules and also hears prayer, and lie .will answer, those who ask his aid and assistance in humility and -- s -- we-cann- sincerity. ot ::.v . U There is one lucrative enterprise that this people can and should encourage, and Ihat is the silk industry, especially those living in the South in Washington County. 1 trust that the words of President Young yet liye in our hearts. I hope every TO THE SISTERS. and sprout of the mulberry will be preserved with all due care; had we Beloved sisters: My thoughts are off listened his counsel, the yearly with my sisters and a desire to commune six weeksandrobeyed work would have been ere this with them and I would fain comfort and not less than half a million income to this encourage theni amid the cares of life. My people. heart is filled with love and anxiety for all I desire and expect soon to go to Canada who are striving to wralk in the straight and narrow way and trying to keep the com- to see the saints and my daughter who lives mandments of Our Father in heaven; , for there, and I earnestly desire to be remembered by those at home and to return to. the. myself, I hope to do better in the future, but my heart is ever full of blessings for Temple and my labors there, ancl to travel and visit the Relief Society in the several my sisters. stakes of Zion and co me back to " my Our dear little Exponent is our friend, home again in safety. and it-- is a welcome visitor to all our organThese are a few of my thoughts and deizations, and through this medium of communication I hope more often to correspond sires, for my heart is in the Latter-da- y with the sisters, than I have done hereto- work, and my prayer is that Zion may prosper, and ail her interests, and that the fore. Relief may continue to grow and And to my Aids do I now wish to extend increaseSociety and make sure and steady progress my grateful thanks for I often hear of their both spiritually and temporally in all that diligence in giving the instructionsin the .will tend to benefit Zion and ameliorate the. reading of the Lectures upSi Faith, and condition of humanity. the local Presidents uniting in the pleasant Your Sister in the Everlasting Covenant, and required efforts to make this plan uniZina D. H. Young, : form throughout our Relief Society. "If President Relief Society. you love me feed my sheep." In all the June 29, 1794. mul-beirytr- ee -- 4 v 6 x 