WOMAN'S' but true to.the principles3 .she had espoused she maintained her integrity and left her home in Ipswich native land and She brought with to come to !Zion. the two youngest children; two sons who " An EXPONENT. Quarterly Coufere :"TtU5 IaU' Dec' The ? weeks 85 . so appreciate the Book of Mormon more A. Ffiday' 'SthV 1893. for four by Sister Steele. D- - Aldkr,-Act- . Sec. thatf ever. Read it my sisters, its beautiful testimony of the Savior- - to come, and, after he came on earth, and so many other Lr mates of "followed vessels then were ; beautiful things will help you bear your a few so all but after, darkest hour. I have been promised that one, her eldest, 'years with the Saints. The funeral gathered held in I should meet my Saviour in our glorious ; mting the services were held in the 26th Ward MeetAssembly Hall Dec, 30, Temple that he would take me by the hand 1S93, President on and tell me why I have had to walk the the M. I. Home same ing House, following day at presiding Meeting opened by singing -'2 p. m. the funeral of Mrs. C. R. Savage. thorny pathway why I had such great - sor- happy 0, boniswho pray "&cT - The house had been - handsomely decorated Prayer by Sister' rows.and shed so many bitter tears. Also that Hevill own me and bless me. This is the' and the beautiful flowers added to the im-- r Alary A. Lambert. Continued bv ringing ow is let us reioice in the A glorious day that I am living for' let us all pressiveness of the occasion. The singing Minutes of the. last meeting renrl nA strive sisters and keep these great blessings was excellent, the prayers comforting, the proved. Minutes of the Annual Meeting in view. My life is on the altar, and after discourse jpy iiiaer W. Penrose, was ex of the Primary of the 17th Ward, read ceedinely interestinprand instructive, consol by my family are raised I have been promised Mabel that I should do a great work,; I feel to Davis. ing remarks were also made by Counselor President M. I. Home Druce of the 12th Ward where Sister respond to the call President Home has Brooks had resided for many years. Sister highly edified by hearing the minutes of made upon me, and will do all I can to - Brooks , maiden name was earth she the Primary. Thought we had all been. assist her, and God's work in the Harperand " J bore her to t? tinstructed by them. Said. we had a religion n'' r,r the same. testimony was tai,; uuju in wcyuiuuiu, iiugianu uec. ibt that we should Sister of Gardner Pine Valley said, practice everv dav of nnr 1S05 ol goodly parentage and had re"I and raised in this Church, and ceived a good education" for those davs: lives.-- It was not enough to believe W " she died firm in the faith that we should put in practice that belief desire to do good while I live upon the of the Latter-daearth. Spoke of a promise that had been work; leaving quite a large posterity of thought there was much had been done at our late Conference. Business had crowded given her, when a babe in her father's arms children, grand children and great grandchildren to labor for her kindred who have so that she could not hardly get through, namely that she would live to see the coinwith it, and a little item now of business ing of the Redeemer, gave an account of passed behind the vail. that' she had intended to bring before the the different organizations in Pine Valley,1 Conference was forgotten. She then stated bore a faithful testimony to the work in which we are engaged and desired to be that so many of the sisters were working faithful to the end. MEETING. Temple and she needed help, in visiting Sister Hudson of Spring City also bore the different branches and in other things ' had talked to the sisters and to President her testimony, Sister M. Y. Dougall spoke Minutes of the Ladies' y Zina D. H. Young, and had decided to call on Charity, said it was the, love we bore meeting held m the 14th, Ward Assembly to her aid. Sister Julia C. Howe and the human family,- urged thef sisters to . Hall, Dec. 2nd, 1893, President Z. D. H. strive for the spirit of the Lord, and be Lydia D. Alder and said "We will nut Young presiding. Sang "O, my Father." them before our next Conference. They faithful in all our callings and especially be prayer by Sister L. D. by. constant in our prayers, desired that we might have already traveled some, and al singing welcome best ot all good meetall meet in the celestial kingdom. and been willing:." ready ways &c. Minutes of last meeting read ings" Sister Mary Silver and a sister in the The motion to sustain these sisters as and approved. President Young gave in congregation were thankful that they structions concerning some of the studies aids to President Home, was then put by were members of the Church and desired Counselor E. Stevenson. The vote was to do good. given in the Temple. Desired the sisters to take in their order the lectures on Faith unanimous. President norne read a note President Home then asked the sisters if m the Doctrine and Covenants which give from the Salt Lake Temple Lithographing had not received good and been blest Co. a Drooosition to the Relief they T ' making an account of the descent of the Priesthood O Here our spirits in these meetings. on the earth asked the sisters to teach these Society to sell the picture ot tne lempie on are fed, and feel a refreshing from the Lord. President norne tnougnt tne things to their children President Young commission. Joseph Smith was a great and a chosen had we as three and fair offer a one, very then desired Sister L. D. Alder to read the prophet. I am glad that I knew him, and month in which to canvas, thought we heard Second Lecture on Faith in the Doc. and his voice. I rejoice that I live in in this the for means some poor get might tov. which contains an account of the this dispensation, when so much has been "J i ' f wno Keiiet Ten rresiuems, way. society revealed and so much more is to be revealed, inhabitants of the earth and their works, do the best and to were agreed try present lecture read down to the time of- the flood. I have been readine over mv Patriarchial " Wards. their in rnnld respective tW Counselor Stevenson then sooke con blessings, for I have been so tried and beset then called on Sister Julia ' this Home President from time to time, thought year. I find that each one . tells me, cerning meeting ielt she how state . to C. Howe I. concerning 11 that Satan has desired to sift me, and hedge necessary to educate us, and Keep anve the call to aid her. L the desire in our hearts to serve God, said but I am promised that I shall TTnwe said. "I believe it is up my way, QJctPr we should' be charitable that in so much as I had emone toward for the brethren to express their conquer; rtKtnmarv braced the Gospel with an honest heart, if ' 'L. 1. t another, and merciful, and remembeFthat it 11 was feelings in such cases, ana mougni to my convictions. I should be is great to be a judge, made other remarks. rie-h- so to do, I always felt that I did not I stocd true ; Sister M. E. Kimball, bore her testimony wish to be a drone in the hive of Deseret. brought safe through; I have had so many trials this year but I have been promised to thought it quite plain that a Latterday is me it that has taught My experience over come. prophet was as necessary, to usher in this not uu awuc or euueaicu. the mighty Jesus said to those who overcome, he dispensation as was John the Baptist to do the most good, but tnose wno are wm-in-g would give them to sit down in his Father's proclaim the coming of the Savior. Spoke to be laborers in the vineyard. I feel to kingdom. I feel that the last vear has been of some of her and gave sustain all those who are called to instruct early experiences, such an eventful one in our history. God other good instructions. Sisters Annie bear my I to from place. and place go is working in Hisown way and time, I Wheeler, Larsen, Williams, Irvine, Bariuccl-ing- s m aone mebc to the good think soon we shall see a great crisis. row and Mair each bore a faithful testimony much wiU be required of those and President Home spoke of the good done at work. to the Latter-da- y testimony have tnese oppuiLumnw the World's Fair, of the Congress of women, Counselor E. Stevenson and Sister who called am which I to this duty the visit of the 'choir, and many other Brown added some further remarks upon I feel that and desire to do all I and closed bv wishing us all a the faith of the President Young can. Sister Howe also spoke on Chanty, things, New Gospel. Year, and adding her blessing Happy spoke of filter Tniio McDonald desiring other to and gave its meaning, all the sisters. that wonderful instances of healing and explained instructions. Sisters Kiddle, Palmer. Price and lane good miracles r.- - . n W.fr. bemeo nextv called James performed in this day be sent to j Sister each spoke of the good received at lvju her as she was making a book of them. said "I feel my weakness as I stand before these meetings. ner address is St. George U tan. for two- weeks MeetingO was adiourned J Church President Young testified that Piesident God's build to up and help I can, Sing "Satan's Empire long has nourished & Young established these meetings and and Kingdom on the earth. I believe I Benediction by Counselor E. Stevenson. e thought they were beautiful and would live my religion better than ever I did, al- '' L. D. Alder, Act. Sec. k a light to our souls. V nlng,-Sd,adjUrile- d - ; , T?wf -- - - u f- 1 ; 1 was-bor- n y , . in-th- e SEMI-MONTHL- Y Semi-monthl- - . Alder,-continue- d - i. X r- - . 1 - 1 . -- T m t , - . ta: - . J . -- : " 