142 WOMAN'S BEAR LAKK STAKE. The Relief Society Conference of the Bear Lake Stake convened at Paris, Idaho, December 2, 1893. There' were present on ' the stand, President Wni. Budge and Counselors James Hart and "Wm. P. Rich, and the presiding ladies of the Stake Sister Julia Lindsay presiding. The President stated that she, with her counselors, had visited all the branches of the Stake and felt well satisfied with the progress they were making. The Relief Society of the following named Wards were then reported as . in good running order: Paris, First Ward, Margaret James; Second Ward, Sarah Ashley; Ovid, Martha Carlson; Liberty, Margaret Morgan; Leu-arJane Toomer; Bennington, Margaret Vanormau; Dingle, Ruth Sparks; Bloom-ingtoJosephine Nelson; St. Charles, Jane Gallaway; Thomas Fork, Mary Dalton. Sister C. Collins made many good and Counselor L. M. Hart timely remarks. spoke at some length on the duties of parents to their children, after which meeting by singing, "Guide us, O thou ' adjourned Great Jehovah. ' ' Benediction by Brother J. H. Hart. Afternoon session: Commenced with singing "Cprne, Come ye Saints." Prayer by Counselor W. L. Rich. Singing, ""Re. k, n, ; deemer of Israel." Sister Mary Bagley spoke of the improvement made in the society, and also on the force of example; thought no one had a greater mission to perform than the mothers in Israel. As members of the Relief Society, the labors of the sisters were increasing, spoke impressively on the storing of grain. President Lindsay endorsed the remarks of the former speaker, and gave many good President Wm. Budge felt instructions. confident and gratified that the sisters would desseminate truth, that they were one of the aids of government, and he felt sure that their labors would be rewarded to their complete satisfaction. He gave excellent instructions in regard to storing grain. we President Lindsay then said-tha- t would be called upon for one report a year. She also stated that it had been counseled that they should hold the meeting in each Society every two weeks. Conference was then adjourned by singing, "Our God we rt. raise to Thee Benediction , by. J. ' H.-Ha- Rose Hiluer. SUMMIT STAKE. Sec. 7" e, j 'Ji , , ' . ; . ' . ( sodetyiijI----- "'' ; ' al , Reports were made by Presidents as follows: Hannah Boyer, Wanship; Parth-eni- a Ann Holt, Hoytsville; Sister Lusty, South .'" Coalville, Walker, Peoa; Sister jr r Adjourned to meet at Kamas on the first Vernbn. Rockport.' The reports indi- Thursday in September. Singing. Benecated thaf the .branches were fair condition and a general good- feeling diction by Elder A Peterson. SV."J. C. Boyden, Sec. prevailing among them. President Atwood spoke of the blessings derived from meeting together, it was a WOMAN SUFFRAGE. duty and a privilege; we should show good examples before our families, teaching them Written especially for the Woman's Exponent. to do right; we should visit with each All fights Copyrighted, r 1894, by the Author, other and tahcof matters pertaining to the reserved. Gospel and comfort and sustain each other. The dark night's hour was twelve, perhaps later: Sister Woolstenholme, of Kamas, said I had just return d home from the theatre, though she was 74 years of age she felt de Where I heard the fiery debater sirous of atteridine conference, and was fame thankful for the privilege, spoke of the A lady who enjoys national On that old and beaten subject declaim, blessings to be derived from observing the Call'd .;. by such as Woman Suffrage name. Word of Wisdom;., was thankful that her heart's desire was to still continue in the And now that I lay restless in my bed, Reviewing and weighing what she had said good work. Sister Boyden spoke briefly upon matters The arguments she had hurl'd forth, glowing red, pertaining to our religion and bore her Why woman should not disfranchised be . ' testimony to the truth of the Gospel. 1: But should have restored back her liberty, Sister Crook of Wanship, referred to her Be from those shackles of bondage set free. experiences in the Primary Associations, arid urged upon parents and all concerned I set to doubting arid saying no, to see that the children attended the Pri- - Woman should not be allowed the polls to go, To stem or aid the election'sflow; mary meetings. Spoke of the evil conse quences and abuses of card-pla- y Let her remain to home, home is her world; ing. Sing O thou of Kings. King Her structure is too delicate to be hurl'd ing, "Come, Benediction by Elder Amos Sargent. Devious with every political storm unfurl'd. Afternoon Session: Singing, 'Softly beams the sacred dawning." Prayer by Yet, I next thought, she is endowed with sense, Elder Leroy Holt. Singing, "O'er the Ample to know the better side of the fenced' And sense is'the only weight of importance ' gloomy hill of darkness." President Jane Lemon, of Morrell, and Which should weigh in the question's balance Counselor Hannah Eldredge of North ; boat; Coalville, reported their respective branches Really, to decree that she must not vote, Cuts her innate liberty's very throat. favorably. Sister L. Roundy of the Primary AsThus would flit before the eye of my mind sociation was much interested in the moveOne argument, of favorable kind: ment being made to advance home indusThen another, in adversity entwined, tries; thought it a movement that we should all encourage by patronage and support; we Till my thoughts so entangled in the subject grew ' should make and foster home employment Till my reason was put to so muclTado, ' wThich I could be could not sift error from what is true. as far as lay in our power, done in many and various ways. At length my thoughts distorted swell'd, as they Counselor Ruth Pack spoke of our 'Ji:,,.lJ::. '. mission to do good, to be kind to each In SWept, aU the frightful shapes fantasy other, comfort the"sick, aid the poor and Before my mind, and away slowly kept, crept. ; needy, and to labor for the advancement of God's Kingdom. We should cultivate the Anon no train of reason could I keep; Holy Spirit which would sustain us in time Now the grossest foolishness did my mind reap of trial and difficulty , and enable us to Benunib'd and rounded out in the gulfs of sleep; overcome evil, and it would assist us in Day had now come, forenoon was in its grave: discharging our duties as officers and memThe man I loved, so noble and brave, bers inthe. Of robust physique florid ; cheeks, and clean Sister' Mary Wolstenholme briefly ad'f ' ' shave, ;'vv' dressed the conference. President- Atwood spoke at length upon our duties as Awaited without, with his carriage fine, members and officers and of the necessity For me to accompany him to dine, Or fill an invitation to take wine; of placing good examples before our child' learn is should we what to for us In less than a quarter, by the clock, ren, right do, and knowing it should do it fearlessly. I had myself clad in silken frock : We should observe the counsel given to And was speeding along the street paved with store up our grain, she was impressed that rock. this was a duty tiiat should require our imBeside the man of my mind's own choice, mediate attention. We should discountenance the practice of card playing and round So near his pure heart I might well rejoice, In a carriage fine of his own invoice. dancing, and use our influence with the young people to refrain from participating But, as a corner we turn'd sharp and spry, therein. The speaker referred to the sub- The hideous steam roller met the steed's eye, i ject of "home manufacture, ' ' it - was bur Quick he became frighten'd, began to shy. to our duty encourage it, present condition Just thsn the frightful thing a sharp puff blew out and our future requires! it, prosperity largeInstantly the horse leap'd, to reverse his route, ly depended upon it. With the same turned suddenly about: V Bishop Sargent of Hoytsville and Bishop Atwood of Kamas, each spoke of the teachMy heart leap'd up into my mouth with frighv ; had been that and advised the For dear life I to my escort clung tight ings given people to carry them out in their lives and Clung to his sinewy arm with all my might; all would be well. Bishop Atwood invoked puff the engine gave the steed, the blessings of the Almighty upon those Another who had prepared so nice, comfortable and With a wild leap of most vicious greed, Plunged farthsr, bent from the noise to be freed, MJ Conference of the SumThe mit Stake Relief Society, was held at Hoyts-villon Thursday, May 2nd, j 894. President-May J. At wood presiding. At 10 o'clock a. hi. the conference Was opened by singing, "The happy day is rolling on." Bishop Sargent, of Hoytsville, offered the opening prayer. Singing, "Lo,the Gentile chain is broken." President Atwood complimented the a sisters for the care and taste displayed in for this ocpreparing the meeting-hous- e Minutes of conference held at casion. ttenneier in aeptemoer, 1893, were read and approved The Stake organization consists of fifteen branches; statistical and financial reports from thirteen were react as follows: Semi-annu- ' EXPONENT. 1... -- -- " . 1 pleasant a place to meet in, I v , 