IT Vvu seif deuces: - 'Thezglsribus ; - 1.. when the statelv - .. KXrxN h N X AVp MA N'S r tii j iifinir it-- - evenings a p sailed e vejXHirax a , 1 -- r-t vi t. r r Tr,--' rf- : - silvery tones of delicious music, floating over the vasst expanse' 6fwaters" the pale moon shedding: its healing, lustreless rays of t m pi varfnirv nnrt ...nit mimon. iiars--selite 4uHingLuul - they thought, especially it I Kirhiinent , winch.. I .should wantnever iviUriT h.ive iicTUicr bste (ir ' inclina- : hi wall "of. Clair wsViKidr. one .morn 0 ing 'at;.' trie breakfast table,. .Mr. tflarnm on horseback in ai:5!dr:ey; had tlw early, morning; and Clair, as usual, had, j come down late and 'out of sorts: his cousin Taiie was alwavs Ven attentive Tiqil-.Jnd- ruetout to-ente- : tion for it, and my education is all wrong fur that course, in fact I'm morj.- of a - , ' foreigner. . . . . to music which was m sinking contrast the sti rri n e e v'en t s of; - no. t4.,epesswa liiP'iope V deijSLJULga - regard to vour turtii ana the secret .of so careuuiy Kept your .mother during his whole life". Jhit here comes the adstrollers we nmst hear ..oL their morning ' fteleil and'plunged, andf which had beeisueh an inspiration:, to. her th'lttsrJf the sea. bounding and roaring tumultuoiisly and comfort to Lady vA.nna, but she felt it and you.ue cjde to leave us I hai .U:ii- X he would b ...... ; uien Liair n l:rtnW'i,iM jaweisiii.the nnnament made a picture sec rraerefbrewas not surprise - V . f-- ' ' '.. .. ventures the depths; bwr;Lwasrigh as though Just then Mr. Harrison.aud Sidney canie were exulting" hilariously at the raging on after all, and replied accordingly turned tipon' in and the conversation-the- ir the elements,. she .knew no fear; it seemed "My dear cousin -- whatever course you settle down here, Clair's leaving- America very soon, Sidney decide upon whether-tothe very counterpart of the stormy and agaffairs in Kngland, who was strongly attached to Clair regretted your winding gressive years of her life when she lived at after up ' Harrison .thought' Milliard Castle. Now she had entered on or tpli ve upon the estate therci or to travel itexceedingly another phase in the wonderful drama' of' ThTdreign lands until like your uncle Rob perhaps under the clianges which seemed it might le.;.the "eafthly existence, and it is not strange tha- "you weaVy of it all, or if you feel your imminent to the country to"pursue;; he declared there she contemplated with inward anxiety the mother's sunny land nearer and dearer, I wises would soon be a fierce struggle between - destinyof1hebeings so much "beloved who "shall always hold you dear to my heart and hovered around her, and looked up to her give you a mother's advice, for you are, my Kngland and America, and although Clair as though she were the keeper of their nearest relative now, and for my uncle's was scarcely an KugHshman he. did npt seem' . consciences. sake who; was my protector and my best to incline to the: new world,, "Clair is not a Hefcousin Clair's future she, could hot. friend in adversity,; ! must.strive to aid you warrior bold,'' he added "in liis case be better, to run awray before the solve; it was enveloped in doubt, he had in. upholding the family name; but before met many beautiful maidens, but his heart I can say more, tell me vhat you long for fight begins, for its sure to come to. .that," and saidrhevith ""great emphasis 'I'm she felt was still untouched by the magic most in life?" wand of love. think my greatest ambition at present willing to die for freedom and liberty." Sidney her. husband's : nephew (who called her Aunt Jane now, is to get'away from here, l am doing noth- like Anna's children) would undoubtedly R. S. AND P. A. RK PORTS. marry a sweet, angelic, Puritan girl, and grave is a perpetual source of sorrow and a never leave the ecuntry of his adoption; reminder of what mighthaye been had she :' 1 7 '' J L'AB iiTAKK, and there was Maitland too, she thought of livtd; I must go away I know the busihim almost with terror; O how Anna had ness of the estate' is in need of better The sixty second Quarterly Conference loved him, her imperious consin, and here management, can't we all go.' and livethere, of the' Relief" Society, of Juab Stake, was what would their fate be? it seems to.me that would be best!" were held in the Nephi Taberiiacle, Sep. 21st, to sometimes She "You know'- Clair my husband would 1894, President Mary Pitchforth presiding. longed know, yet scarcely beowrn Her her never live-a- t Billiard Castle and as for mydare, conjecture. boy, The time is nigh, etc. Choir sane:, loved Conway, he, w'ould always.ba under self 1 am a Puritan in every sense of the Opening prayer, "President Paxtnan. her sheltering care, and possibly follow the yword, though' not so pronounced in some "Let- those who would'be Saints of even now bis ' for father, as I am not an indeed ,.' etc. profession particulars my neighbors. hnutes &f"previous meetshe could preceive the drift of his boyish aristocrat though my uncle and my granding read and "approved. in tended that direction. bore father ;t; pursuits distinguished titles; J have the President.Mary Pitchforth' desired an What a brave grand, true wromali she Hilliard blood inherited from my mother, prayers . of. .those was this erst, uninteresting, orphaned, poor but have not 'forgotton that she was disat" some length 'on the storing of inherited for marrying a poor clergy mair' grain, and also Home Industry, and said rJ: clergyman's daughter. : . a When the' little pa'rty reached the New and lived and died in obsenrity." the prophecies of the servants df "God, Clair could believ.e not his shore Clair replied "you speakbitterly cousin would surely come to pass and wTe did not Kngland cousin Jane really felt the joy she expressed, and I have noreason to latid the ari.storrarv know" the .hour, therefore it behooves us to ; his ' nature was so different; he had my fault was not myowh, I could scarcely. .be awake to and we whilst sirs- "wandered up and do'wn and round about iu- have helped being born , it seernsMhere is a tain home manufacture,"reaajiiece-fro' - never to think of any bond, of syinpathy between us evenlmorethe-PXTOX- T many. lands, to the same sub than bloodrand now I plead with you to ject; rejoiced in the Gospel, vjshed bless- - . place as home not even temporarily, II il' lia.rd Castle was very wellwdiile his friend; show me. what 1 ought to do for the estate, ings upon all present. , ; were there, and he newly installedut to go' to make amends for my coming unwelcome Counselor Hannah Jones felt that we there and. live alone, antfbehke other into the word." S were going, behind instead of advancing in" English gejitlemen he could .ilot do that.- she had verv mnch enioved "Really cousiti that is too much of a home-mad"Cousin Jane this is too cold a climate sarcasm, and you are well aware oi apjarel-in-we yourj .the. wearing - f- ana tne yiiaerness. all around is like should" thought that desolation to me, I must.; have Tmorelife," "arguing the question of your claims to the ; yeafs"onFby, home, and although patronize -more warmth, I can't stand these Puritans, heirship; you may be in ignorance of the late in the day , "let us obey the counsel of I don't mean Sidney, he is companionable, fact that my uncle was crossed in love, early days," rejoiced every day. of her life but even Uncle pob is getting ' common-to his with mother previous marriage that she was associated with this people, your place in this dull country, and though I and that it affected his whole life afterwards, desired health for President Pitchforth and love the children (and sort of idolize my were I to tell you the whole history of the her Counselor r Amy Bigler. ' cousin,' excuse the term,) yet I'm afraid I affairs of Sir Edwaad your father,, as they E. M. Udall, president of the 1st, Ward can't stay here long and I want to'ask your have come to my knowledge unsought, you of advice, which I shall prize even more than would find it, "a romance in real life." lentNephi, represented that ward in excelcondition, referred .to the labors of IJncle Rob's, because you are so proud of rtnu. vuuaiu jdUC UUII yOU lIllllK It u duu aiso to tne storing the Hilliard honor, and so conscientious right for me to know; of my ot grain and iuemoers, something home manufacture, bore a in all you say. and do and I suppose I have parentage more than the name and ' faithful ;; jtitle, testimony,. more claim upon you really than any living uncle Rob knew Sir Edward Hijliard very we will gather at the river." "Yes Sang, ; person,, as you Were in my. father's con i well but would never speakof. him, T coiild" S. A. Cazier, Counselor of the Second . fidence, and though he never acknowledged get no information from him while ve were Ward oLNepKi,-represent- ed the" ward in me during his life, I should be glad to dp fca way .together, as I might. Indeed I try said "the good condition, credit to the name, and there is no one to have been society would be of going, to . very; little Without the aid thinking seriously of the look to but you those musty old lawyers Italy and on my mother's side, officers,- the Saints had been blessedfaithful lookiug up with in London, always eye me suspiciously,; I only knew my grandmother; Burke and unusual good crops of all . and I have no very clear views of my should Hemenway advised me not to hunt up my Store a little of that grain, ' ; own." grain away; en- : Italian relationship, it might go against me couraged home manufacture, the-demon- ' ' . sof " ' - r . -- . - . t! "it-migh- -- , 4 . ' .. - - i . ' - - Ins-childre- n, - - - . s I . the-times- - -, . - - m " ; - . -- e, - j horne-inade- adster-Annamiahiiitv7- mT L: -- -- made-goods- , . - - V , . L wiAiv-ci- o , : . . -- . - L i ! i 1 I ii 1 - : - . - ; - " . 