110 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. education. I believe it is exacting from us said, "they are well, "taken. Many people more than it should do by reason of our say, "I do not want my wife to be con. circumstances. But we have been very tinually runningaway from home.' ' Again Continued.' lavisfiTn our expenditure of public money, some people say, if the women voted they The speaker commented at length upon and showing- we are verv much in would vote as the husband says. But T this point, and illustrated how fallacious it hold this r true proposition, that a woearnest in regard to this mattter of educawas to bring up objections from an individution. Now, we have had some developman does not lose any of her rights by al standard". He then continued. I believe the wophysical nature, and that has reason of marrying. "There is another reason why, I think ment of theon since 1847; it has been kept man is an absolute entity, of herself, and no that women ought to enjoy these rights. feen going husband or otherwise, has the right to A perfect human being should be equally, up ever since. We have worked physically man, and we have generally earned our living by lnienerewiin ner against ner consent. I developed physically," mentally and morally, the time, of course, in this terphysical exercise. Of course there have have seen or we might put it still finer than that, been - J ll.. t am some women wnen nau I but ine irancnise. speaking The exceptions; ntory spiritually. It takes alt'these to make a Now we turned to this intelobjection was then raised that they voted generally. of character. If we complete development someas their husbands told them. If they lacking just cultivate any one of these at the expense of lectualin matter, yet we arc moral traits. ,1 didr there was great- - credit due to the huswhat the spiritual or the the others, while we may become eminent do not mean to say we are behind in morals band (juite a feather in his cap. That is in a single line, still we are not well or manners, but I am speaking of. what we one of the strongest evidences I know of balanced. Now, I take it that a comlack in to a perect government. thartie is right. But Y do not think tlie munity should be made up in the same ,ivay, Now, howregard shall we remedy this? . I believe men interfered with them in their voting. and as we change in circumstances we, the question before us this afternoon is a . I do not know of it. I never asked my must1 otner in cnange ways, necessaniy, The wife which way she was going to vote, or to my thinking, and we are changing in complete remedy. Jpr the matter. moral and spiritual part of man are de- - indicated toherjwhich way she should vote. circumstance. Centuries ago war was the veloped by cultivation,' and yet the moral I think she is a better woman than any other thing. A man that could fight was sup- and spiritual traits are implanted in women posed to be at the head of everything, and is very think, however, if I had undertaken to inwe have not entirely ' got over thatT But very early. It is also a fact that to me, that women have more of struct her as to how she should vote she the chances are wars will not.be prosecuted patent these traits than men. Women are naturalwould have used the expression that I reso vigorously or so frequently as they have ly better than men when it comes to mat- member seeing when I was a boy in been in the past. The moral force is comters of kindness. I have discovered that-fro- England. The expression was engraved in to front. is the a educated man If ing with them ever since I brass, and contained only four or five physically entirely, he loses both his ability was amyassociation and his respect for the things he has not than boy. In some respects they are better words. I think she would have referred men. me to that expression; it pertained to the developed, as it requires, in order tojnake Take girls from the time they start at school, Mormon creed "Mind your own business, ' ' a perfect human being, that all these attributes should be developed, should be say from fourteen to sixteen .years of age, and if she did not say that she ought to- .drawn out and encouraged. I think it ap- and they lead boys in almost every study. She had the right to do it. Therefore, I say There are some studies they do dot lead in, that the women would exercise the franchise plies in the same way to political governI do advise ment; and whenever we'sacrifice any one of such as mathematics, philosophy, Astronomy just as well as the men. these traits for the further development of and kindred , subjects. . Speaking of these these meetings. I advise that you study subj ects generally, without singling out the political situation; that you particularly- the other, then we Are making a grave ' Now, the t'fSuble is how to remedy individuals, I believe that men lead in these commence to learn how to conduct matters. studies. But in things that pertain to kindI persume the first thing women, will get that; we have been, in this country, delivVs. into at all will 'be matters pertaining to veloping the physical and intellectual, ness, women keep the lead all their Thesel matters are conducted more or less, at the expense of the moral Now,. if a matter of right and wrong is schools. and the spiritual, and therefore we have presented .to a man and woman, and you much more simply than are the heavier some very eminent men with regard to ask them for an opinion right away, the matters ot a city council, county courts, both of these, not only of national but woman does not stop to argue or think and legislative assemblies. But I would about the subject, she will give an answer anuicp that nrMcimi!) v vnn have nmphnnv world wide reputation. We take illustraimmediately as to whether the matter is drop into such meetings, attend the county tions of it. We have seen recently the results of physical depelopment. and there right or wrong.. The man, if he answers courts, city councils, &c. Of course 'someare some people who take very great de- immediately , the chances are that he will times when you do attend, you will be sorlight in witnessing such exhibitions. That be wrong. But let .the man take the ry vou went; because things are not alillustration was an exhibition of what I question into his study, and there ponder ways conducted with great big dignity the call brute force. I do not care so much for over it, perhaps get his library down to same as they are at home. ' In these dean exhibition of that kind as an individual. consult about it. and give his opinion, say liberative bodies, sometimes the members I regard it much in this way. There are two in a week; he will then be about as right as get warm and say things that had better animals I use the brute term of animal to the woman was. But it does not take her been left unsaid. But ; attend these meetinclude both one is a man, and the other such a long time to form her ideas; she ings when you can. I believejyou will be is a mule. Man may be intelligent, but in grasps the question of right and wrong .welcome, and yquwill learn, from actual this case I would give more for the mule very much sooner. That is what we. want practice, much better than you can from than I would the man, merely because the in this government; we want that element reading books. You may study from books, mule gives better service; I can get more put into our political constitution, into the but practical experience is4he best. It is a out of him. x We have been in our prepara- civil polity of the nation. Sometimes we good thing to go to these places and watch tions in this country, not only in Utah I are called upon to act immediately. the proceedings', and when you see things am speaking of the United States very Our political government embraces all parties, done that you do not approve of, learn how boards of education, boards of every kind to avoid them in the future, and when you lavish, at least sometimes, in the exof penditure public money. This territory of institutions, legislatures, &c. and I say see things that you approve of, learn to use has been lavish in the expenditure of that if we had some women in such in- .them in days to come. It is necessary to money for education, I do not believe stitutions, matters that occasionally come there is such .auother case in history, such up would be much sooner straightened out. are always right. A story is told of a ceras we can show. Three-fifthof the entire (Applause.) I am not going to name such tain jury. They came out of the jury revenue of the territory is devoted to school women; but so far as the legislature is con- room, twelve of them, and they did not s of the cerned I would willingly trade off some agree. Somebody inquired of one of the purposes, and out of the territorial revenue we support the Reform men in that body for some women. jurymen how it was they could not .agree. School, the Agricultural College, and the (Applause;) It might not suit the men,but Well, he replied, there were eleven fools on : University of Utah. Again the expense of it would suit my ideas. Now, I do not the jury, and I would not go with them. of this territorial know how long it will be until we reach collecting the three-fifth- s Well, there is no need of getting so very revenue, that is, in assessing, the property all these things..,,,;.We are getting better; wise. There is no need of assuming that and collecting the tax, comes out of the we are getting a better of we are right and that everybody else is So it presents to us something these things. As to theunderstandingfreand then apobjectious knowledge wrong. Acquire is believe that I unparalleled in history quently raised against granting women the ply it. Knowledge . is a very fine that is to say our generosity in favor of franchise I do not think, as I have unless already thing, but it is not worth anything A WOMAN'S ASSEMBLY. as-a- ; -' I- a f-- . 1 . -- 7 . m : mis-tak- e. ' . 1 1 . - - s, two-fifth- two-fifth- s. . -- 