WOMAN'S 1 VH EXPONENT.- - - Woman's- - flowers and the sweet.1 perfume;; was very delightfiiL :jrhe jvaji a good jaUeirdam aUhbuffh: vit;as liarvest time and eonse- - Exponent .the brethren ; coitkl tqueiitiynot manyof and some .sisters .were - ' . Editor. Editiriai Cantributcr. 'EMM E LINE B. WELLS, ' ..- leave 'the fields, in Salt Lake Ciy. Utah. Published one'coDV one ear. fi.oof .one copy six months, co No reduction made, tor clubst;; City papers dcliv- ctsU ered by mail, xtra-fopostage o0c.jear.-A- . Tm . ct-s- . r Ad tirae.;jfcf.or:per-4to' resfui spacebne --- ' "co-an- t t cook for tfie liarves.lers.as is in- ease in, farming, localities at semi-monthl- y, 1 tie-tained- -to variably-;th. e . the tar, although afternoon iWVJ?1 has a house, large enough for the reguhr meetalso a granary ings and is .well fitted up,-anand some land and other "property, ' It is a great satisfaction to see the several branches. 16 a.m. to s p.m. every day, except Sundiy Address all. business communications to ..,' PUBLISHER3fOMAN';JP.OKtNvr Salt Lake City. Utah. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake CityjVtah ( October Salt Lake City 111 prospering as they are Zion. It is a good 6meu, a'ud a great credit to the active workers and a blessing. to all Israel.; : clah natter. '' - 15, 1894. -- 1 - , . I'riday night we were JtBrother terBickley's.who gave z music die .as an ex,-In company with." Mrs.. Zina D. H. pressionf of their... esteem and good '.will, the . affair was "puliITslied, last theRelief -- SoaetyT "(notice-o.2 ZIZT-- We left Salt Lake City, Wednesday morn-- - month); the:evening was very enjoyable. ing Sep. 1 2th ult. , on the Union Pacific Saturday was; the"" Primary Conference Rail Road, on a trip' through some of the which was very pleasing, Mrs. Mary. K. Murdock presiding. In the evening there ., Southern counties in the interest ofAVo-- , at; men's Organizations. ' Arriving at Milford was a general meeting very numerously , we found a carriage in waiting and dear tended and we returned home with Brother Sister Luanda Howd, President of .the and Sister "Tyler and had a very pleasant afid'our'liost Beaver Stake Relief Society, who had come time, HsJ:eningto Sister-Zi- na the way from Beaver (hi a highw'indjlo and hostess, talking over scenes' and inci; INTERESTING ' --TRIP SOUTH. i.nd-Si.s- - m -- . -- ..- :all dents of the early days in the Church in accompany us on our journey. We lost no time in stepping from Kirtland aiid Missouri. Brother Tyler was were soon also a member of the Mormon liattalion of the train into the" carriage,-anon our "Way, it was a beautiful moonlight which he wrote and- published the History, ' "eveliing but the wind w7as blowing a Jurious a few years ago. 'On.1 Sunday morning we. went, with gale; we arrived safe at Brother, McKnigfit's found m. and about a Minersville 10 at Brother Bickley and visited the Sunday p. warm welcome, from Brother and Sister School in the various departments and listened to some exercises, then repaired to j,'. McKnight and supper prepared. At ten, the following morning Sep. 13, the meeting house where the children and we attended a meeting of the Relief Society. teachers also all the higher classes-th- e ' Sister, Lydia McKnight presiding in the youiigpeople came- together, and we hao absence of the President Sister Susan Rob- the opportunity of speaking to tliem upon erts, whose mother was so ill shecould not the good . worin wrhich they are making At. this meeting therevere great progress.- Itxis always a source of lea vje her.: some veteran brothers and sisters among satisfaction in visitinghe; difTerent Stakes Brother ..Rollins and wife, them, Henry to see wdiat and $ister Mary Iightiiexhese were everywhere in the Sabbath Schools, and-irr ol"d7alpaintauces of ours particularly of Sis certainly a favorable indiation tor the ter Zina who had known them' in Kirtland. futureNof Zion. Brother William Wood who leads the choir We attendedthe ' regiilaLseivice--4- n was also a veteran, had known I meetintr-housthere, irr: the afternoon,' and hvJ S-' r 1. t . XT 0 X' rTm auvoo. some very- special requestof the presiding authorities. lQ5cpu4,ne-proputestimonies interesting concerning the we each of jisspoke.a'short time, from 4he stand. sisters who had been intimately acquainted At the close of meeting we accompanied. ' r him. with ; Sister arah -- M Dell to her 7 lovelJidrne ' Minersville , leaving early in the" after- bister Dell was well and favorably known to noon we reached Beaver in good tiiu and the Latter-daSaints formerly in Kirtland were driven to the residence-o- f the and Najryoo. iyiemaideTrialrje Mimken. She was associated With 'the "3isters7olnewelIad never met before, had Prophets family in early days and also con gathered there to meet us, and among nected by marriage, her brother Arthur them one particularly dear old friend Sister Milliken married Lucy Smitli,. sister of the Ruth W. Tyler. It is needless to say we Aiuput. lister .ma naa Deen- very were feasted, but we wrere everywhere we intimately acquainted .with-SistDell in and to-the went; good feeling manifest, : Kirtland when they were both" young wards us at all times and in all places was ladies, and-.threminiscenses were many very: 'gratifying except that we felt and rather pathetic. ' Sister, D.ell is' one of of so much attention . the most able aud useful women in Beaver Friday moniing Septepiber 14, the Re- County, is influential and interested iirall lief Society Conference, began in the Meet- - hues of' and progress enlightenment, and ing Hous?, Mrs. Lucinda Howd presiding. lends her aid in all directions for the adConsiderable pains had been taken before- vancement-of good cause. Although hand with the choir under the manage, she has reachedevery four score years, she is rement of Brother ; William- Bickley, and the and there is no music was excellent, which always adds markably failure in any respect, : except per.very much to the enjoyment of the services. haps she' cannot do quite so' much actual The stands were beautifully decorated with work. ' . ; welcome us, and , d - " : : . ( -- - . - . of-Zi- on iiitere-St-w-iritmif- e s K. -- -- , e . l.-il- . -- I -, . ei . . - . - y Presi-deritoMlSt- ak -- cr .' - e -u- nworthy . - well-preserve- ; 4. was a Youner were n v tta H I,:ul it Nleeti ng, though; ri come lid there was a trvr large 1 1 1 1 ani ";v" congfegation in-spiri- ng Monday morning at 10 a. 111. the Convention of the V..Z' A . was hekf. The stands ' were elaborately decorated, with flowers, the suffrage ; Ik-ave- cok-cJJp- predominating, . the associaUblW' twostars representing Wypming.'and;C(lorado,;on the deep blue,; ExroNKNT . the" evening there, some flagfwitli tlie' i ne. MamStcetiiOpposit . Iif -- d ap-pare- nt " . ... . and Utah'jiist :fcjiiitly steirin the distance, fearful that biit they are " not by Utah will not .shine in the, galnxy of in-dependent states with equal .suffrage..' The Jadies cpriie wearing their yellow ribbons, luk, not lacking in mental talent, ,cr a knowledge. of the subject in which such a r deep interest is taken by the Association. One" pleasing feature of the meeting was the .riginal songs, written for their- - own use one of them we puldish in this issue composed by Sarah K.' Matser, President'of the V. L. "M. I. A. of Beaver Stake. Music by William' Iiickley, who has also written one or two himself and who seems :. to take as much interest in woman suffrage, as the ladies do themselves. The brethren there are gocd staunch supporters; of. the suffrage movement, which makes it so much easier. and more interesting j for' the Associa any-iue- ans .. , . -- ; " ' lion. - ' i A ' - ' The address of welcome by the. President Mrs. C M. White was wortiiy of a college a sort of surprise, as we .graduate, it had not realized that Beaver was so' far ahead in suffrage work, though we knew by, the delegate who had attended the Territorial Conventions, ;that they were mak-Jnrapid progress in this direction. We really felt rather delicate about speaking before a convention that seemed to have so many able speakers among their owhtitiiii ber. Tlie County officers are all for their duties and the President is uiu. doubtedly a'real.. leader. Mrs. White presided .with dignity - and is up in Par- name iitarTjles-AWTceu- td ot1jiUTeel ver Cfy vn; fnr ih ' necessary work:- preparatory tor the franchise. Possibly .'we may have minutes of this Convention and of man the mee- tjourney, sent for pub lication'andv therefore it is only needful to make brief mention." ;"""" . InnliefujriioorTthe W. S. A., gave an entertainment in the Relief Society Hall with a rervlar oroirram. MrsO. M AVln'tP J11. thechairr-T-he flair waitelaborate and the program was a very instructive as lie Hall was" decorated with flags; flowers and profusely and. the banners,large pictures of the two great leaders of the National W. S. A. Elizabeth Cady Stanton and Susan B. n Anthony were hung in as also the late lamented : Lucy Stone (always reverentially; mentioned) were often alluded to by the Speakers. Monday evening there - was a meeting of the Young Ladies Association of Beaver. It was a beautiful sight to see the hall well filled with young girls and young mothers, all engaged in mutual impjvement and in spiritual growth and ' development, it is a positive proof of the advancement' of the youth of Zion, for as women" are, .men are, in a large degree, and society everv where is judged by the women of the cojnmunity. Many testimonies were borne and the work g . - -- . . well-qualifie- '' d . - x - conspicuousplacesr-ibenxLkworkTfnlIeslme- ; 