luo WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "i Y. Beat fe gave On Tuesday Feb. 27th, a party of the Dotigall and Mrs. Phx-bVVOMA friends'of Sister Elizabeth L. Hyde met by invitation at the residence of Sister Doiigall on West Temple, where about of her dear friends, gathered by Susannah Barrows in this City, the oc-- . seventy-fivEMMEUNB B. WELLS, Editor. ANSIS WBLLS CANNON yOntth SdUtriat Cntriimtr. casion being to celebrate the 83rd anniversary of Sister Hyde's birthday; her birthday was man's birthday. The large and elegant in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, $uoo; one copy six months. the 26th, but as some, of her dear friends parlors were bright and attractively decor50 cts. No reduction made tor clubs. City papers deliv were in the .Temple on that day, xshe ated for the occasion, and several bouquets ered by mail, extra tor postage one year, 25 cts. the party, that she might have and vases of flowers vere sent in by near Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil postponed President Joseph E. relatives and intimate friends which added their company. space, one time, 52.50; per month, 53.00. A liberal dis count to regular advertisers. Taylor and wife, Dr. Elvira S. Barney much to the pleasure of the guests. Other Exponent office. Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Build Sister Jane Harrington (of American Fork) suitable presents, were given among them ' nr. Main Street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Business hours from There were some fine books. two or one Lizzie Sisters Lydia Ann.fVells, Spencer 10 a.ra. to s p.m. every day, except Sunday. Sarah Young, Bro. and Sister Hennefer and musical selections but the time was mostly Address all business communications to several others were present and offered conPUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, given to social enjoyment conversation and Salt Lake City, Utah. gratulations and good wishes. Several llJCllUiJ IttUll.- Refreshments were handsomely served Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as speeches were made all expressing a friendly v econd class matter. feeling for the aged sister, who though and of the most delicious quality,' and the more than fourscore is still in excellent con which guests did full justice to the feast March 1,1894 dition of body and mind. Sister Hyde has, had been so lovingly prepared. Among Salt Lake City had rather an eventful life which we hope the distinguished people who were present some day to publish a short sketch of; she were President Lorenzo Sriow, and wife crossed the plains jn the handcart company Sisters Emma Woodruff, Sarah Jane CanEDITORIAL NOTES. and like Sister Woodmansee, the poetess, is non and Sarah M. Kimball and B. V. The bills before the Legislature relating to rather proud of it.as well she may be. Smith, Patriarch Joseph Home and wifer women on Boards of Education, Reform was a unique social gathering of Hon. W. W. Riterand wife, Hon7 James There Institutions and Insane asylums passed the friends and relatives of President Wilford Sharp and wife, Hon. Hugh Dougall and House of Representatives, but was killed in Woodruff and his wife Sister Emma Wood wife, Sisters Emily D. P. Young, Priscilla M. Staines and many other brethren and the Council. No reasons given to the pub- ruff in the Salt Lake Temple on Monday, sisters. lic though" we have been informed, there 26th, in honor of the 87th an was considerable discussion as to its February ot The party was very enjoyable and was tne Dirtn 01 me veieran niyersary word account on of the constitutionality President, .who today, March 1st. has another testimonial, of the high esteem in male in the statutes. reached the 87th, year of his age, and on which Sister Young is held by the people among whom her lot has been cast these for a bounty on the same day. Sister Woodruff her 56th, many The Silk years. The following letter is from year. 1 ne occasion was a very nappy one cocoons to encourage sericulture in the TerCanada and shows how the sisters there for many reasons and the exercises consist both is has this houses, ritory passed iner of short speeches, music, poems and celebrated the memorable anniversary day. for. is and a woman's measure, specifically th rvnpf!r atirl fncfprino rf nn inrlnctrv the like were exceedingly interesting. Cardston, January 31st, 1894. which is admirably adapted to the capacity reminiscences of the Prophet Joseph Smith The Y. L.M.I, A met as usual at the resiof women and children, a labor which may were a conspicuous feature. The entire af dence of President Zina Y. Card's, in honor of be remunerative to the producer in her fair including the bountiful feast was a perfeet success, and the sincere and fervent our much loved and highly esteemed sister own home; and successfully manipulated in the reeling and manufacturing might be congratulations tendered the beloved Zina D. H. Young. Opened by singing President and his amiable wife in the recep 'Redeemer of Israel," prayer, by Sister remunerative to the Territory. close of the exercises, were Katie Knowlton. Continued by singing tion at the and The debate on Woman Suffrage in the cordially gracefully acknowledged in ''Till the Resurrection Day." President love and Messing felt and ap Zina Y. Card then stated that this was her, Salt Lake Theatre on the evening of Feb. the' spirit 18th, between Dr. Ellen B. Ferguson and preciated by- all who were present. No liibthFbirthday, and wished the sisters Dr. iillen L. Gage drew a crowded house. man in israei we ueneve nas oeen ana is tocelebrate it byrejoicing in a testimony Dr. Ferguson who took the affirmative of more truly lovea ana esteemea by the meeting; she knew the spirit her mother Saints since the days of the had in the Temple would be in our midst. the question acquitted herself most Latter-da-y creditably, her discourse being logical and, Prophet Joseph' than the veteran Apostle, Sister Hannah Anderson, said she was President wilford pleased to meet with the Y. L. and she clear, her language excellent and her man- seer ana reveiator. Woodruff. Further ner dignified. Dr. Gage who had the particulars of the party loved to speak of Aunt Zina Young. For . she was a good noble woman, and had done negative, took up the domestic and sentk will be given hereatter. mental side of the question arguing in favor more good in the kingdom of God, than of protection for women, and brought forany of us can do. MRS. ZINA D. H. YOUNG. ward all the pretty and telling pictures of Annie Archibald and Minnie Smith each woman's femininity, and yet withal we are bore faithful testimony to the truthfulness Wednesday January 31st was the an of a told she only made the pt sition of her opthisgreat work. Each felt that they of the birthday of Sister Zina D. niversary instead of it. ponent stronger weakening H. Young, President of the Relief Society, had been highly edified since they had commenced to attend the Y. L. M. I. A. Mina in mother and one Israel of the most dis a in a from letter Through suggestion nie May and Lucinda Woolf felt pleased the Beaver W. S. A. we have decided how tinguished women of the age. Sister to embrace the opportunity of bearing their ta get hold of the ideas of the women of Young whose maiden name was Huntingwis born in Watertown, Jefferson Co., testimony. Felt we were blessed in having the W. S. A. throughout the Territory in ton Aunt Zina Youner comine to v visit us once , ,. o r xt tror t T. 31 to ana for a I02 owicumucw the W. .Utah S. is 1, A. si, regard badge jan. in a while; and would be glad if she It is a subject we had given some thought therefore seventy three years old. She has could come and be with us all the previous to receiving this letter, and now we been connected with the Church since she time and again her sweet voice with the mingle would ask officially all the Counties to send was a very young girl and has participated rest of asked God to bless her and all us; in designs, one from each, and then at the in the most notable events. Her life has Sister Katie Knowlton said Convention in April when delegates from been full of thrilling incidents from the the sisters. her different parts are present,a decision upon the time when she went with her father and she was thankful to be able, to attend testi Young Ladies meeting and bear her matter may be satisfactorily reached. Our. mother to Missouri. On the day mentioned above a work was mony to the truthfulness oi tlie gospei. correspondent says. ' 'It should not be too Asked God to bless Sister Young that she ,; dear, lest some poor women could not ob- performed for about two hundred of her tain one, but should be in material, finish "dead relatives in the Logan "and Salt Lake might live long upon the earth to continue her good works. x and design .of Utah production." We Temples, which was more to gratifying the bless Counselor of Elnora spoke Wight would suggest in addition to her suggestion Sister Young than any rich or costly present ing that Aunt Zina had given her long ago, that silver and silk are both home products, that could have been given her for her use said it had been a ' great comfort to her, and Let us hear from the woman suffragists on or adornment. that she always felt a tender feeling for her, this subject. At 3 p. m. her daughters Mrs. Maria Y. thought her face was always full of sweet' e hXPONEN . e -- ! seini-moiitn- l, '.. - -- . . -- ; . Bill-Aski- ng 4 . - - . a. ; j 