:v TO us . t meeting i. H ...... nun ' hUviMvnani. d ' i c. : i 'A kt i c t v ,: V o u 1 1 'ituiavVV dul' have an exc Ik lit limey euUttaining u,s Bishop W'utkins and turn G ret-n- ;V jfe.vChcster Lrace i jw 11 t mlay ended two yvS Theansii us. rrtater nccesMtv I uVstruc- - ccllcnrintVtiiics in Chatkst"onr putting up iriveu whidr seeiaed- to be well re- - at Uishop N vin'phas Mvudick's,hatl'a splen attwided-'-Mpjj4'vi.y....-AvIhree poken upn did visit ixuul subject cytveu. house; in Heber A VERY PLKASAXT' VISIT. were ' ' 1 Ibnorkgv the SUbb.UU 'crtanily is a credit: to, Heahnir i ower, cftferotM the nj'kce-- President Hatch attended-tlfafternoon meeting and treafedHis' so kindly. ; Habr.s, etc. a. WW. the.;. Many a noble Saint did we find in Wasatch piissv4ti buuniiumg uric; f At Kphriauiwe had the repor J of Brother Canute Peterson, Stake, Brother Bridge and wife, did all in ; acquaintance the branches 'of.- the Relief Society oi the the StakeV and his genial their power to make- out stay pleasant; also " of (President Satiate Stake of Zion. Brother and ister Brown, Sister Kui ma hospitality; of "Octr W; left Orderi oa'therabrmncrand enjoyed their company .very .much; Brown is the Stake President. Tuesday after g v 2 5, and arrived at Spring City shortly cleared up are devoted to the; cause and I'aithfui Tly we where Were in the seven evening-and Brother Oakes, our teamster's children laborers in that part otjhe vineyard. y vvelcoRied anrl coidially pleasantly j By the courtesy oi Silters. Siiow Peters having sufficiently recovered, we left Heber Sister .Mary A. Hyde. widow of f and Willardson we were taken to- for Vernal, Brother and Sister .Brown ac-- . the late Apostle Orson Hyde, She is: 'spiiy;. shown vejy through the beautiful Temple, compauying xisu which we appreciated President of the Relief Society of the- Stake L Manti; f we the T ascen(led;er thetop-ooritssiirroimdngsandthe ., much; we had a view; and thoughseventye'ight-ye.irs-of:agcountry round about 'from the lofty towers Wasatch mountain through a fourteen -find her remarkably Well preservedf bright ofStrawberry magnificent edi fice,- a scene never to mile anyon, then iii d5ot be the on exthe fail to would valley through roughest "roads that forgotten; language ," vsay anything to promote the c?use of truth.. be of gladness,'- or the could imagined a continual going up Here we met Sister Minerva V. Snow press our offeelings and down mountains, crossing rivers fou that Holy Sanctuary, hence (widow of the late"Apostle Erastus Snow) grandeur al-the badlands and well may the) times, vte attempt no description but content t (' who is also over seventy years be called "bad lands" for sixty miles not selves by saving like one of old It is good is she and lively Hyde energetic, a sd'ge brush or "a grease wood, yet our to be there." ' ' ; and a very .useful woman in her calling as Time and" space forbid 'our mentioning teamster knowing the road so well, managed first counselor to Sister Hyde. Sister Snow r of each night to find a nice camping ground. of- our- - entertainers, .names Bishops in is engaged Temple work also and seems of various Associations Friday night ..we camped on the east to be verf mucli respected by the people of. wards, Presidents we visited, but suffice it to side of. Fort Du Chesne on the river's the Stake; and here .we will state of Sister of the places that in each place we were treated with edge. Jane S. Kichards the official visitor who say and" we. felt the genial one o'clock Saturday, twenty-second- , has gained much renown in Relief Society the utmost courtesy," which we of went', welcome wherever p. m., ; we arrived in Ashley and found" Work, that notwithstanding more than" glow .to us of endeared has the Sanpete, people many warm hearted Saints to greet us, but seventy winters have come and gone leav- we met brothers there we that regretted very much to find Brother 'Oakes, Jruly.felt Ning traces of their: presence, still they have Jbr deed. in sisters and our very teamster's father, very ill. "Sunday energies, but notblighted her attended yve the Relief Society .Conference,- -' Respectfully, 'seem rather to have increased her capacities, ' R. H. Mokncii. two meetings, crowded houses, Monday and" opened avenues for doing good. Here the Young Ladies', Tuesday the Primary we have three noble women each wives of Ogden City, Nov. 4th, iSg. Association; after the afternoon session, we Apostles, each, over seventy years of age, organized a W. S. Association with Sister ' each presiding 'over Relief Society, Stake OUR-TRITO UINTA'H; "Stringam as President an excellent spiritorganizations and each honoring h a calling prevailed throughout, we also blessed in a praiseworthy manner. several sick and did all'that we could to ' A very enjoyable part of our time .was . Ix connection1 with Sisters M. A. Freeze comfort and bless, but we regretted very . spent in listening to the recital of the varied and May Anderson having been called to much our stay could hot be longer? experienceor,the three exem pa ry w6- - visit the sisters organizations in Uintah amongthat those good' .. .men. Loming into the .Church at an early Stake.also Wasatch Stalce7ve lei t oufTTorne" that know so well how to appreciate the date;they were privileged to come up with Wednesday Morning- - September twelfth the church through much tribulation; took the eight o'clock train for Park City, blessings of tfie Gospel, being so far avvay is Bravely and well have they borne their arriving . there Ixfore eleven - oclock" En" situated in a beautiful little " t cross to exclaim'. is good to tca joyed the ride very much up Parley's Canon; valley eight by "" In their miles with Greene and Ashlev twenty Sainll)f UatlcrHiay early lives we expected to hold meeting in Park City rivers riinning through; the climate is exthey forsook "worldly pleasures and ambibut wrere disappointed because of the Bishop cellent and the products cannot be surpassed. tions, choosing rather tohonor God and His and" Counselors being absent from- home. Brother James Hacking last year raised cause "He hath not forgotten their age." Brother Oakes bur ...teamster,'; ;not reaching near three thousarid pounds of honey A beautiful example for the young ladies until wecould not leave for Heber very t evening, and this year over three thousand pounds of our day. until morning, we vmet with very kind Bra andjhe.lrmtls-fin- c, At Sister Hyde's we became aai uainted friends who did all thev, could for has a five oLthei-tinewith Sister Willardson President different : up- at "Brother and Sister Rasband's- abrineyardleft with varieties of Vernal on our we arose next morninpheLsnnw wQ- onhStikeT; This grapesVe return an for is the lack of veneration, trip Thursday morning, 27th, havabout two inches deep wdiich did not look age marked a very happy time with the dear had but Sister "Willardson is certainly an exvery encouraging, but we started traveling ing ception to the general rule. Much praise ttirough a twelve mile canyon, then entered Saints there, we traveled on camping four is due her for her becoming manner in lookthe lbeautiful little valley of the Wasatch; nights each vayK Sunday night we camped in a heavy snow-storhalf way down ing after the comfort and welfare of the we. wcic very receivea. nut we-Daniels elderlv ladies; aided by her first counselor discouraged on every hand about coine to Canyon. Monday- morning we Sister Cox they succeded iivnaking the ap Ashleyin the storm, but be assured we did breakfasted at Brother Jacobs at the mouth pointments for meetings, introducing us in not feel' like returning, until our mission of the canyon, they made us tfeel very homes, where we were made Comfortable, was filled. Thursday afternoon a Stake much at home, ' we hurried on to Heber and attending, to the general business be- - J Conference was. City (having parted with Brother and Sisappointed for Monday, ter sides driving a team from place to place which we Brown) took leave of the good Saints to attend on our return, expected where there were no railroad connections. but waiting'for the weather to clear so there, hurried on to Park City, took'tlje up They held meetings conjointly with the as to proceed 'on bur journey. our train for home, reached Salt Lake City Friday Relief: Society Mt - always paid due reverfriend Brother Brown, of Charleston: took seven p. in., thankful to' find all well at ence to the senior society They seemed to us to visit the at Midway, pf home, taking it altogether having had a seek motherly advice, and the mothers will wnicn there are ,; very pleasant trip. - Grace intercede Dinnem ,ever theirbehalf- being a very large one. Saturda after-thYours with kindest regards, .they may be made equal to every task, noon 'e held three -meetings in Midway,' F:.iJ. ! I 1 ! 1 . I I 1 wi-fy- xvtto Jt" ; w VI i i rr iiii,.ii' .. . 1 1 1 A'V-iy-- : e aiieIiiiiiK "YXAr.; . ! r-:- pusrcof c-ttcc e ; ; " - ; . ctCTpanibn;6ot.vt . - eighteeuth,-?theweathcr-havin- , : ' j enter-tahiedib- , - ' . - - e , - - arid-activ- ' e . , ... . ofal) like-Siste- r 11 i , ' -- - life-givin- . : g . ; -- - P ' , v -- Irue'-leTbyaT- nls " A - A and-fel- . - us-mit- -- . JVJLJvL-IwVssoetati- oii V I K-- t r r m iv - i j j I warm-spring- s at j - Stijvenson." s 11 i i 