WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 132 Woman's Exponent. - EMMELINE B. WELLS. ANNIS 1VELLS CASSON yCamttia), Editor. Edit trial Contributor. t l, Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one ycar. Jt.oo; one copy six months,-- , 50 cts. No reduction made tor clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cb. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 2.50; per month, 53.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Build- ng, Main Street, opposite Z.C. M, I. Business hours from 10 A.m". to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. : , 9 Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ' Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter. "XMay 15, 189 1 VISIT OF PEN WOMEN. 1 rand-nephe- at-th- e -- Vf in .nlrnir -- Tlfanri Nephi W. Clay ton, ihe generous and amiable manager, running a special train out as a compliment to the press women. The visitors were homeward bound, having visited Southern California, the Midwinter Fair and places of interest, includ- lngthe Yosemite,the Geysers and big trees, and also attended the Woman's Congress in San Francisco, some of the ladies having 4.1. nA iiv.-- n.-f icau papcia ciuu a.isu spuKCU ai iue congress. Most of the party were from Washington, r uiueis tv ti t Doston, ti.1i' uura u. v,., Dammore anat Chicago, and one very bright little woman from South Carolina. They traveled in a special car all the way, the Demarara, having started on their trip westward April 14; from here they went on to Denver and Manitou, expecting, to reach Washington on the 17th inst. Mrs. Mary E. Lockwoadcfiief of the party, is the President of the U. W. P. Af and was one of the Vice Presidents of the Board of Lady Managers of the Columbian Exposition,, has published some hooks and is editor of the "American Monthly Magazine," she has a" home at the National Capital; Mrs. H. W. Balston, correspondent of the Woman's 7fow,andtf poet of some ceieomy, known . best by her poem of Columbus, written expressly for the World's Fair; Mrs. A. Maynard Richardson of Boston, best known in art work from her Li mages pottery and in the literary world for her art criticisms, and she did valuable work at the World's Fair as one of the jury t Virf m -- . -- ' A r- 1 en if t i r i ..it rr ii.i o J i 1 iiv. ir o ri t wififi.1. k 11 e ti . .. i ivumi . and , " t. i i? law argument on "Helps and Hindrances ' of Club Life." The representatives of the 'Ogden Clubs invited the Federation to meet there next year and the offer was accepted. In the evening there was a session at the First Congregational Church, the ladies of the Qleofan had beautifully ornamented the platform where he officers and speakers were seated. Mrs. Carlo w of Ogden, the retiring president, made a most efficient officer; and her .charming appearance, and gracious presence are fitting and'appropriate to the position. An organ solo by Mrs. Hamilton opened: the "evening-sessionTthe first speech was made by Mrs. Farlow oh the "History of Woman's Clubs' and her manner, voice, style and the impression upon her audience was telling in the extreme, and she handled her subject in a masterly manner. Miss Geneva Jennings sang two airs, has a clear soprano voice, has been studying recently in Chicago, The Treble. . Clef Society composed of respondent of Humbolt (Iowa) "Kosmas." Judge Clark of Washington, 1). C, was among the gentlemen of the party, also Mr. Geo W. Grey, whose daughter was also one of the party; and Mr. Henry Sampson 'and wife; one or two other gentlemen of the party had hurried homeward without stopping over. Mrs. B. W. Moses, of Washington, interested us very much on account of having heard of her through Bishop Whitne, who was at one time a guest at her house in Washington in company with her nephew, Jim McKnight, well known here in his boyhood." nephew of Feramorz Little and of President Brigham Moses is a brilliant talker Mrs. Young. has seen much of the world, has traveled extensively in foreign lands and has something interesting to tell. She intends coming to Salt Lake again in the near future. There were other women of note not regularly engaged in press work, but doing We were delighted to meet aiid welcome to our City on Sunday morning, May 13th, some of the members of the National Woman's Press Association and their guests, whose long expected visit here we had looked forward to with suchpleasant anticipation; and though their stay was only very brief, yet it was a satisfaction to see and converse even for a few hours with these bright, brave women, who had accomplished so much in the world of letters, becoming so widely known from their work as some of these women writers have, during the last few"" years. A few of the officers and members of the Utah Woman's Press Club met them depot and drove with them to the Hotel Templeton, in the big Utah and Mrs. McCune's handsome carriage, and afterwards drove over some parts of the City. After lunch thev went through the Bee Hive, once the residence of President Brigham Young, thence to the Tabernacle iinrl-Lfm- . sit ex-arm- y, cor-respond- Salt Lake City, - -- . t r . in-Sal- semi-month- several clubs in the Federation, and the variety of colors in ribbon denoting the respective clubs witli the artistic iloral decorations, added to the bright intellectual faceVof the women present, made a charmMost of the ingi "and delightful picture. 1 Si. laaies spose wunoui noies or memoranda. Mrs. Jennie Leonard of Springville gave quite a practical address on the subject, 'Is' the limitation of club numbers desirable?" The next subject was "Home Talent and Outside Talent." Mrs, Nellie Little gave a very able address upon' 'Parliamentary Law" and Miss Josephine Kellogg the President She treats on other subjects also and is" a very clever writer, and brilliant women; she has a studio in Poston and is well up in art technique; she hopes to come west next year tonmke some sketches. Mrs. Emily Charles Thornton (Emily Hawthorne) has written poetry for papers, and magazines all her life, has published some of them in book form, elaborately, illustrated; she is a correspondent of Advanced 'Thought. Mrs. Julia A. Anderson is correspondent of the Philadelphia Daily News, has been during the World's Fair a secret service writer, but she is now devoting much of her time and best efforts in writing a book which will soon be published,. Mrs. Joanna Turner, an nurse, is a and had seen some actual service, t for the I Viscous in State Register. Mrs. Elvira Bliss Shddon, correspondent of Washington Daily Times, and Canton Clipper 111. Mrs) J. L. McCreary, coron art'. -- w tv aiu .aim wuico oaug iuc iky Lullaby" song sweetlj Professor Krouse accompanist. Mrs Patton gave artificial, society some severe cuts, her subject was "The Social, Phase of Club Life." Mrs. C. E. Allen's address came last and some special correspondence for pastern she was heartily applauded, her subject was "Educational Influence of Woman's papers while away. . We hope and trust .the party will have Clubs" she dwelt impressively upon and also the good fellowship prosome pleasant memories of Utah and their visit here, and certainly those of us who' duced by the opportunities for mutual met and conversed with them, will always help afforded by Woman's Clubs. be more interested in their welfare and sucA FEW THOUGHTS. cess because of the bond of union and love formed by throne day's pleasant associaHOW FAR SHOULD HOME TALENT BE CULtion and interchange of kindly thought. self-cultur- " TIVATED AND TO WHAT EXTENT SHOULD OUTSIDE TALENT BE INTRODUCED IN WOMAN'S CLUBS. ; UTAH FEDERATION OF CLUBS. i- e, The Utah Federation of Woman's ' Federation Notes not used. Tiiis subject was assigned to the writer to speak upon at the Convention of the Utah Federation of Clubs held May'ioth. Some of our ideas may suggest thoughts and methods to others, as it is an entirely new subject and one upon which we have never heard an opinion expressed; it cer tainly does and must necessarily depend largely upon the personnel of the club itself: To begin with I should say local clubs are principally and first of all for the development of home talent its higher cultivation or to bring out the most and best of one's possibilities for mutual helpfulness and interchange of ideas of all interested in the work mentally and in a literary way; also sympathetically for un less one's sympathies are enlisted and one s whole intellectual nature fully awakened 10 Treasurer. improvement an advanced thought, there At the afternoon session there was a never can be an great achievement poslarge attendance,, of members from the sible along the superior lines of what is Clubs held its first Annual Convention in this city, Thursday May roth, ; delegates from the Ladies' Literary, Utah Woman's Press club, Reapers' Club, Cleofan and Woman's Club, of this city, the Nineteenth Century Club of Provo, the Spring-vill- e Woman's Ciub, the La Coterie, the Magazine and the French Circle Club of Ogden being present. The morning meeting was an executive session of the general officers and of the several clubs; the chief business consisted in the election of officers for the ensuing year. A nominating committee was appointed by the President and the vote was by ballot, which resulted in the election of Mrs. C. E. Allen, President; Mrs. Patten (of Ogden.) Vice President; Mrs. Emma McVicker, Secretary, Miss Georgia Webber ' - ; f 