V WOMAN'S ' EXPONENT. 120 TT .4'' bore a faithful testimony to the trutht'of the gospel, and through her zeal and integrity, all of her family, were added to the church, and some others also. After comingno Utah, she labored faithfully as a teacher in the First Ward Relief Society which position she honorably filled until death removed ner from our midst, and she was called by our Heavenly Father to more extensive usefulness in a higher sphere. Just previous to her death, she bore a strong testimony to the truth of the gospel, and exhorted each member .of her family, to be diligent in the performance of their duty, and desired that they do not grieve for her, as she was willing and anxious to labor on the other" side of the vail. with her hjsband the late Huntington,' they Jiavtfig endured all rnimjck " the persecutions bfjhe Saints driven from their home again and. again toscrk new ones. She accompanied her husband.in the famous Mormon Battalion there enduring all the hardships of a soldier's lifeandarriving in the valley of the Great Salt L4ke four days behind the Pioneers, here having all to endure that human beings could endure. She was four months without tasting bread, before her youngest daughter was born living on roots and anything that would sustain life. She helped pioneer the new settlements south, being in Provo during the Indian trouble there, not knowing what- moment herself and family would have to be sacrificed to the .wily and cruel savages; alsoat Manti in the early days, from there returned to Salt Lake City in 1851 here she joined the missionary field with her husband among theIndians, whereit required all the patience and faith that only a Latterday Saint can acquire but never doubting the mercies and goodness of God, and His promises to the faithful; was at the first organization of the Relief Society by Joseph Smith the Prophet when Emma Smith was elected president. Sister Huntington was the mother of eight children all of whom had preceded her to the other shore except a son and daughter who remain. She went with her daughter Sister Julia Mellen out Green in 1890, where she remained up the time of her death, which occured Dec. 14 1894, she passed peacefully away, surrounded'by kind fiiends, and all that loving hands could do for her to make herJast moments happy. Sister Zina D. H. Young' her sister in law, was with Sister Huntington much of the time during her last illness, and heard er fervent and earnest testimonies to the truth of the Gospel and also witnessed her patience in suffering the pains of mortality. To her,death must indeed have been a happy release, and those beautfiirT words of Elizabeth Barrett Browning seem singularly ap. propriate. in the early-day- s B. - - 'Oh! call it not death, it is life begun Where they weep and suffer and sin no more She is safe in her Father's Home .above, In the place prepared by her Savior's love." Whereas, God in His infinite wisdom has released our dearly. beloved sister, from the cares and sufferings of this world, and extended her field of labor, therefore be it " Resolved, that while we sympathize with the bereaved family, and feel that we have lost an efficient worker, yjfet we realize that our loss will be her gain and we' feel to humbly bow to the will of Him who doeth all things well. Resolved that we emulate her noble examples of charity and patience, and Resolved that we give a copy of these resolutions to the bereaved family, that a copy be sent to the Exponent office for publication, an i that they be copied in the record of our Society. Margaret F. Steel, President.. Amy A. Thomas Secretary. nt Annie . -- , ' JO OPff'T MISS THIS SALE. f .r : 57 SOUTH MAIN ST. R.K THOMAS 26l28,30and32 East 1st SonthSt., SALT LAKE CITY. 1S94. The Leading Retail Cash House, dispatch .THOMAS SHIPP Parents and guardians of children of school age and persons . who own, taxable Keeps on Hand property not necessarily tax payers, as two hundred and fifty dollars worth of property is exempt are voters for members of School ' DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS Boards in Michigan. . The requirements are the same for women as for men. In the country, in villages, in Flint and some others, incorporated city registration" is not required. As all jewelry (gold, silver, brass, etc.) and all musical instruments, (jewsharps, mouth organs, etc.) and money at interest (one Com. IN MEMORIAM. SwiizerJand, April 8th, 1839, was bapti?ed into Saints the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y in 1865, emigrated to Utah in 1879, and died Feb. 24th, 1894. While in her native land, Sister Schulthess an A another sister, who werethe only ' members of the church in the immediate neighborhood, traveled twelve miles to meeting on foot, and many times fasting. but she always Shewas alone for thirteen-year- s Monday January i9ih and continuing 30 days. Commencing MAGGIE grand-childre- Mary Moor Sciiulthess was bom in' Zurich, their Mammoth Store at actual FACTORY COST PRICE. - h , Will sell you anyyShoe In from London says, One of the largest conferences iti the interest of funeral reform everlheld opened at Westminister. It is under the auspices of the Burial, Funeral, and Mourning Reform Association, and its object is to advocate the exercises of economy and simplicity in all funeral appurtenances, and the disuse of crape scarfs, feathers, velvet trappings ami similar emblems of mourning. It is also DR. C. sought to create a sentiment in favor of the early interment of bodies, and the use of- - Will commence her next dags in Obcoffins of such material as will rapidly de-- . cay after burial, on the ground that this is stetrics and Nursing on Monday, April in accordance with the laws of nature and avoids sanitary evils, while the practice of 16,1894. burying in almost imperishable coffins is Office; 34 East 5lh South, fraught withrgreardariger. The conference will consider the feasibility of securing the .Telephone 383. aid of Parliament in the direction of securing the passage of a legislative enactment , regulating funerals. A It is my painful duty to inform you of the death of our beloved President Harriet Amelia Lee., after a long and lingering illness she died January 21st, 1894. Sister Lee was born Nov. 25th 1831, in Rutland Co. State of Vermont, and was the daughter of Clarissa and Daniel Carter, her parents becoming members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, at an early date moved to Kirtland, Ohio,, and later to Missouri, and from there to, Nauvoo, 111. She experienced all the hardships encountered by the Saints, also resided for a time on little Mosquto Creek, which is near Winter Quarters: at this place, she beWilliam H. Lee and was came acquainted-witmarried on the nth of March 1849. She was well acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith. She came to Utah in 1850, living at Cottonwood until 1855, when the, family moved to Bountiful where they resided until 1873, then moved to Woodruff, Rich Co. Her vast experience and willingness to do good together with her natural abi ity made her a fit leader in the social sphere in which she moved. She was president of the Relief Society, counselor to the president of the Primary and a Sunday school teacher at Wood ruff up to the time of her death. Her death was caused by heart failure, the funeral services at Woodruff, were held in the meeting-hous- e where the largest audience assembled that has ever met in that house. The remains were interred in the Bountiful cemetery. She leaves a husband, six children, twenty n and one great grandeight child to mourn her loss. - DUNFORD'S . Editor Exponent: -- Street, Salt Lake City. FUNERAL REFORMS. . . " Kammerle, Asst. Sec. L. First Ward, Salt Lake City March 6th, . "He giveth His beloved sleep, Sleep soft beloved! we sometimes ,say, " Who have no time to charm away Sad dreams that through the eyelids creep; But never doleful dream again Shall break the.happy slumbers; when He giveth His beloved sleep. ; For the waters are passed, the home is won; The ransomed spirit hath reached the shore, -- , MRS. LIZZIE II. SIIIPP, professor and practical teacher of obstetrics, will open a school of obstetrics and nursing in Sal Lake City the first Monday in May. 'A half yearly course will be taught for the unprecedented low terms often dollars. All persons desiring to avail themselves of this opportunity will please consult me by letter or in person at No. 34 S. 7JI1, East , cent or more) are assessed as personal property every 'person of legal age and residence may vote. Women may be elected members of country, village and city School Boards and they may be elected Township School Inspectors and County Superintendent of Schools. Four hundred and thirty-seve- n women voted April 2nd in Flint, Michigan. - AND STATIONERY, EQUI- POISE WAISTS, ETC. Dress making In all its branches,; Millinery, lates styles, Hats and lion nets cleaned and retrimmed Feathers curled, etc Stamping: doito to order. But covered while ycu wait. Burial Salts a Specialty l "NTr LU. A."i L Q O. Dr. ELLIS IL west temple street Opp. Grant Bros, Stables, ; Ml SURGEON AND ACCOUCHEUK. Diseases of Women a Specialty. Will begin her next Class April 9th., Reviews given to former students free of charge. For particulars enquire personally or by letter at ho. 18 Main St, Salt Lake City. 