WOMAN'S - in" - 7 operation and ran the business until 1 YVilO . CUUU.iau W ill 11-- . XyUltll-- Djr Snow without a receipt or security and also '2aiL:order forcreditjf hel shoulcLueed it; he - 'is Soj'earsjDld, the father of 21 children, rod grand children and great grand- child- - rf afTelt ik-- i , ngfa . -- i, goMl-efpTesetitatio- - c - . I ... ( r- - an catciiia glimpse ot a large irame building nestled in a srardeu of flowers, "shadowed bv 'hiajesticv trees. Major H.A. Powell, of San Francisco, owner of the hotel and stay and geysers; was our. host during-bu- r accompanied us through "'the Geysers, givhistory of the many ing us... a complete 1. jf 4.i.: wiiieii I.11 uic uc- iiicir wuiiucib bpiiugbjs una.i Lt:.r v unu, 10 xuajoi t1 owen, oui uebciipuon. iv -- ireniaQiost Avelowe many thanks"'. After a pleasant, journey by ..stage and -- rail we arrive at the Redwoods lit 10:30 a r ii d. i.vi i.4. . .1 r giganxic ;trees, wnicn "ieet above our heads and till - us with awe " at the wonders" of nature, and the goodness J Vt. - n ,1 r ui vjuu wc, jutuci.i. many iiywas uyu icius 1 ' . After doing justice to the. elaborate spread, the W. N. P. A., song was sung, followed by the grand old hymii "Praise God from whom all blessines nce Thesettine sun witnessed our return to Cloverdale en routeto-Sant- a Rosa to take part in the rose festival as the guests of the city of Santa Rosa. , The folio wing morning our .eyes were greeted with a view of such floral beauty as we had never seen before, the grand stair case of our hotel was one mass, of roses and ferns, each guest found her room' a perfect botver of roses. - The elaborate Afr-nrlil-- o F ttif nnclp .if 1 . epptn W Wi.W4 U firm bilv rltvc IIICIUV J,.1J1 111VV one grand flower garden the people "had given themselves up pleasure and . -- , ; . , 1 " L W4A . . . ' . o . v .four-hors- -- W A " ah-easy-c- the-uppe- . were provided. We-we- 11 , me omaais 01 tne uonanue road ana wouid Wines have done credit to Delmonico. r. - 1 1 At 12 o'plock shafp the signal was given for all to gather round the banqueting . 'l 1 as dimintitivein- size as the trees are large beyond conception, to any -- IV-- sor rj ' . tojver-nurmreoi- Avhich-were -- : . --r v rt-- - 1 1 e, nt ' - V pro-ter- n corn-Dete- .1 . j. in-flue- - iixir -- : -- .- "tunir .'.2&mi;. y 1 -- all - things" VvTrewbrking but--surel- - - - .A- transroratibh - through the mcw?r-7?'W.JMft' i rvWW Seven of his children are settled on good homes near, him. He is Presiding "Elder of Mc Caminou branclrand 4 s iiQWgu peri n tendingl ikelL buildi islibp; Gam "new meeting houseD;- for thei r visi t and gool - i n s truction and en , --AVt 'lfrvMcr Cflniniofr monnncr Wednesday ug- - exercises: LcouragemenjyAftel-elosi prejxarations werernade to- go kome to with the Relief Society at 10 o'clock with a Franklin. We separated, feelhnr ereatlv W f the local President pre- - blessed and instructed short mission our by Tli?c QrvJ t'vl ra c tfvti cr .'f11 fj if- cJlirirr . . . i during which we had enjoyed so richly the a. - the bimilar President, by ported spirit which enlighteneth the soul of man. tious were given as at the previous mee- tElizabeth Foxt President. 11 i..' i it. if tne lo lesuueti goodings. pi.nop vapeii Mary Hawks, Counselor. ' ness of. Gqd and appreciated the visit of the D . E . Du dle y , Sec. . After dinner we proceeded to sisters. Nine-Miland held our eighth meeting at A TRIP THROUGH CAEIFOREIA. 2' clock. President Coffin presiding. Sister Coffin was bowed down with 'grief on ac Tin; Womaus Nat. Press Association left count of the death of her husband which San Francisco May Sth via Donahue R. R. "happened thq week before. The instructions given were much the by invitation of MiA- - VVFoste r Presi dent of the Road, and Mr. Hf "same as had been given at previousineetings General Manager. We were" accompanied delivered in a spic' manner under the Mr. R. Ryan, General Passenger Agent, of the Spirit of God. Their District School was still in session and judging he was one of our entertainers, during our thanks for from the- - blackboard work left from the trip and to him we bwt man-much of our pleasure., ldaily exercise" they re are blest with a After a delightful sailoirtlieBay we ar teacher kindlv provided rived at Tiburon, where a special train was forbv tlietwd Sister Coffins for the niirht. . i .4.: lr 14111, we eoiumueu in wqi ting to convev us to Lloverdale. ; We Kjn tue morning oi our journey to Clifton and ; held our ninth passed many beautiful fruit farms, lovely and final meeting with a house well filled, villages and a country whose beauty canPresident 1). I;. Dudley presiding. We not be. surpassed. ; Its acres of emerald felt to appreciate the efforts "of their new green are dotted with the gorgeous wrild ' choir. Bishop Garner and. his two coun- - flowers known only to California.- - ; The road is one finely constructed and X 111V O lUUUi J.XVi. J V01Vl.ll D. E. Dudley having been called "to act as a equipped with luxurious coaches; one could herself stake-she easily fancy counselor in the '"was released reclining in -r in her own "parlor. The air and Sister LucyA. Howell was callecTaiicr "soH much so that the set apart to take her place as president of was mild and balmy, the Clifton, Relief Society. President A. consumptive who was with us said "her Barker urged all to labor for the redemption cough had left her and, she felt that if she of their dead friends, told them how could stay in the delightful atmosphere, she to planWmulberry trees and raise silk and could live forever' xVt 12:20 p. m. we arrived at Cloverdale,a help to be self sustaining. She said she situated town r was not well when .she started but she felt pretty among the hills at end of Russian On arour Valley. uicsscu iuaici0 lauuib, uiiuougn. it iiuu oeii we rival met were the at station by Mrs. very cold she believed it had done her and. Mr. the of Monihan, United Prop'rs good. Counselor Hawks "spoke of the whose wre Hotel States Were in guests goodness of God leading us out of during our and after before, mounstay us in and the Babylon returning from establishing tains while the. judgments of God should the Geysers. Tliis hotel is a commodious pass over the natioiisancT ot the signs of brick buitdingaud tholH6rst class house the times... President Fox spoke in praise in Cloverdale. We were surprised to find of the JRelierSociety brarchesshe "had telephonic communication with the Geysers We ' earnestly visited and felt to thank the Lord for the eighteen miles, distant. recommend this hotel to tourists. Gospel, and all the blessings attached thereCloverdale is particularly, desirable for to, felt to do her duty and exhort every sister under her.' jurisdiction to do the same. invalids' on account of its equable and She felt that our visit had been appreciated salubrious climate. After a ' refreshing night's rest we were by the kind reception we had. received from all we had met. She" did not think hard awakened by the call V All aboard for the" e times had found their way up North jtidg-in- g Geysers." Six stages were us the from the good things that were ever waiting mountain side convey up e grandest and most beautiful scenery present where we were entertained. She past-th' felt to leave a mother's blessing: with all. any of us had ever looked upon. Mr. Charles Martin Humbert, owner of the Counselor, D. E. - Dudley gave a humorous report of our journey in a brief way. stage line, handled the reins on one of the xviuci josiiua nawKs contmuea rue report Stages, and for this occasion, became bur speaking of the spreading abroad of our driver as well as host. Stage riding which sous' and daughters in this goodly land, heretofore had been a terror to me, proved making homes, building canals, meeting in this case a most delightful means of; r man's work. .... - of-tl- ie - -- - ..... spreading out her borders; .iaiiX;,tlie desert and the" kingdom of God will be duly established." The little stone cut out montainTtHout hands was surely rolling forth and, will eventually .fill the "whole earthrHe" felt: td bless the;;young people and the fold, begged of them to be humble and. obedient that they might be useful in any place they might be called to 'Z. ' act. ' , ; " T ' on slowly and steadily The money "!" 1 i 17.i housesx)rranizinintCL.y4vJveUefVnetv-C . ' . " n (r?AfW'. JJtrrt ! ibOcfcpfcV for the purpose, on his person. . t .1 "t v EXPONENT. hospitality. " - . l . Tf iMffTTicif 1cf jLtJLj vi uui v 131 , iajt Ayr tutu piivatc uiwtv.int.ua uau uiuugui uul fl,,V for the the Press 'As of carriages pleasure Af iwui tVo fniir ji'i1rrl .xuv.xw, kuv. w L sociation- ;- behind last horses we were sho wn the beauties of the city- - and surrounding country. - oania ,is.osa, mtv oaa miles irom oan Francisco, is tue Uuuntv oeat ol bonoma County, and is a thriving busii;ess place, has. handsome public buildings, beautiful parks and many fine homes. We predict that in a few years it will be second to none in the state. Our guide and" interpreter,' Mr. R. A. Thompson, editor of the ' 'Sonoma Democrat" distinguished himself as a princely entertainer. - . After two days at Santa Rosa, the memory of which will linger with us forever, we turned our faces homeward, and in a few hours wrere again at our hotel in the City of ' .. ' the Golden Gate. Forever will dwell with us the happiness of those days, and the kind faces of tmr new friends will serve as a beacon light to lure us back again Jo California. - -- 4 ' .. Ztf uija A An dis kson . . If you wear religion, as a cloak your soiil may freeze to death. Several Woman Suffrage lecturers are anxious to come here and speak for suffrage-now that .Utah is to be admitted into the union. -- " .. " " ': " " :" "." ' zz:z. , -- 