seem to have been unusually versatile for from her melodies; tind 'should cut huttons fronijjld "tin a pi fraud "iitif itlh - a 'hand v nlaee when uher touching- notes he" awoke the. heart of sq great a genius in his own particular ; line,... needed, weshould strive to economise pur" the world to her wondrous symphonies lie was a' real- benefactor to his own time so we can nave an houror two to stuuy We may look upon imu a ssmup i those things which will benefit us as moth- - rsprimr, foPJT,rr rv generation,; and has been a source 6f inor the siwi; hear spiration to the generati?ni that have' fol- ers; we should rievervww tkJ&rd-inot want, for if itfk the want, we: will soon want whatX'e?B8iu r covering procession of. English singers, his name will ever be held in high esteem, .by all buy. A; penny is a small. lnaUerXnie .7 that clothes the earth anew. comfort of. thousands of families'- depends v. . His comprehensive - sympathies, were lovers of the divine art of poesy. r he' He died in as the had on the saying and wise' spetiding of them. attuned to-theart of lived, 'great great throbbing and exlieart of the shadow to of as beauties as well in the M. M. , ., London, busy humauity, " ternal nature. He felt with it and for if, of Westminister Abbey, where his remains were laid to rest; first, of the grand familyin all its multitudinous variety of emotions. have WOMAN'S FREEDOM. And his wit,- charity and sympathy, as his of. great English' Tards whose-tableo'f found niche ther in "a field and flowers,'ljecanjecontagious" since lo,ve poet's corner of -of fame. monument that to his readers. This was his hatfpy faculty We'll move the glorious cause along , '' 1 . We'd shout a glad hosannah; the charm of his great genius'. c Gladys Woodmanssk: And aye, the burden of our song His writings may, ba classed under JiireeJ S. E. CO. CONVENTION. Shall be the ladies' banner. eriods- ;- each - one"beingcharacterized by distinctive elements. First is the Ffencli ;.The"mar.chvoXlogress shall be sure, T.HK Annual Convention of the W. S. And soon the joy bells ringing, period;- - in the writing of which is plainly A. of Salt I.akev Co. for the election of Shall usher in the bright glad dawn detected the influence of the gay romantic officers was held in the Fourteenth Ward To wftman freedom bringing. poetry of Fance; imbibed by the Author Assembly- Hall, Tuesday November 20th during his stay in that country. In the iSqj.. President It. MacFarbine in the CHORUS: proauctions ot tnia ienoa tncre is a penchair. .Sang, 'Come Away" Prayer by .Then shout and sing, make the sive undertone suggestive of-a-n unrequited A. Freeze. Sang, "Why do we welkin ring or" luckless love, which is thought to fur- "Mary seek" Roll called, minutes of previous Let all repeat the Chorus, nish the key note to the poet's early life. meeting read and approved. The.treasurer's - His second We'll onward move in the cause we love, period is called the Italian, report for the ear was read and approved. With freedom's banner o'er us. for the reason that the writings classed unThe election of officers by ballot was then der that headinsr are "briirht reflections of 'As. ages come In the course of. time proceeded with, and resulted, in the followthe cultivated literature of that country, We'lfstrive to do our duty; being unanimously sustained, which he visited more than once; becoming ingDr. And to the world we'll surely prove Ellen B. Ferguson, President, Ruth That mind is more than beauty. acquainted and charmed with some of its M. hox, first Vice President,' Adella W. most celebrated poets from whom he first . Our sons and daughters shall be taught-Thr T7 ?J v ice beeonu ii. xvmuiey, rresiaeni, Mary learned the and of and and' of truth range scope poetry honor, path third . Alee Bassett, President, Mary E.. how to tell a tale exquisitely. From the And by God's help well them restrain Ella' W. Hyde, Treasurer, works of these poets he subsequently made Irvine, Secretary, From aught that brings dishonor. er, wiairinan lix. ioara, . r, oin translations and in soine cases asjnBoc-caccio'- s iMary Chorus. T..i: ta ucc, tivouisu fi.i" xf .u. itjt vi inx, liuuger aiiu juuu adand Creseide,extensive Troylus We'll aid the weak, and with the strong E. MacFarlaue members of board.' dition of his own. We'll joirr in just endeavor, l ne retiring rresiaent tnanicea tne in But the 'tis or third last he that period for their attendance during the-yeTo raise the fallen from the dust. off these throws influences retainforeign And bring them into favor. ing all their culture, and becomes. the true . once in the year. Iu a And to this end we'll ask our God pleasing English bard whom we love. 'Tis in this manner, she thea introduced very His kindly aid to guide us, the incoming period that he blends the languages, charm-- ' officers, feeling sure that In paths of virtue, peace, and truth the were they ing court and populace with his tales of right ones. And that rfo ill betide us. President' E.. B. Ferguson . endless J .i , this his In mood variety. period rn moveu we trive a neartv Chorus. vote orr inanKs changes. The sorrowing sentiment of his the retiring officers. It was carried unani: WiiTien lor the W. S. A. Beaver, Utah. earl' love is left behind with his youth, mously. U. M. Price had only been absent Words and Music by V. G. Bickley; while his soul o'erflows with delightful 'twirp in fniir if ,cTip Yin A Ttioflfrl merriment.' This is .the humorous Chaucer others she had benefited , herself.. Julia of the Canterbury .Tales. very much pleased writh the new CHAUCER. On these same Tales does his fame chiefly Drupe officers, they Were jusf , the ones . rest; for in them is comprised a wonderful waiiieuJ thought at me present lime; wisnea tnem Like a new" star did .the- genius-ovariety of subjects and diversity of treat success, would do all. she could to help the Chaucer burst upon the English world of ment. In them he with the skilFpf. -- cause depicts . . aiong. the fourteenth century. A star which, by a "classes, mcasrliediasyncrasie3"of yet President E. B. Fenruson thanked the 1 ia t t.i. Jii 'r i JtSJnel lo nctpnpvgglg;d f o t frn t aa aiwayjviin a ureauiu or cnanty un.tingea by members for their confidence in her, would the slightest shade of qynicism. They were do all she could to retain 1 ' c i it, said there will i t oeiore. t neraicnng luminary sneaaing its to have been forty eight in numrer supposed be to do. The election is over but friendly light down to the brilliant con- - ' tobe related by a company. of Pilgrims who .we plentv to interview the members elected, ought Stella tion which was to follow in the diswere wont to journey from London to to see if to intend they '" Vplace wromeii side ".tance. Canterbury , to pay their devotions at the by side with men in the constitution, many As the "Father of English poetry " he shrine of St. Thomas. The company are inclined to harur hn(k Qnvincr wnifr till has claimed the honor of all succeeding starting from a London Inn, were each to we are a State then we will give to women generations; as the first to fix the glear; tell two : tales, one going and one on the, Suffrage. That, wbmen want to vote if .form of literary English, welding the two homeward trip, But this gigantic work given the opportunity has -- been fully, de- ; for into not was tongues, struggling-supremacy, fully completed. iu vAWA UVaUj K.XAJ liU JlXJ harmonious' oneness and rhythm, thus .Not only as a poet, an artis, as England's but sought, out all the indifof poetic:thoughtr-h- first real disciple of the Muse, has Chaucer themselves, making it a ferent ones. We 'will :. find many who are, must ever claim our gratitude; and, as a claim to our esteem and admiration, but, VViUliUP IU VJUCUIU ct JJIUUCI the first English artist, ' who, overflowing unlike top many of the literary lights who """"5 LionJtuiJi. in ine: constitution. Keaa a : ,1 n i recogni i.: nau ju) wal- diiu iiuvc riui n uuuui miu succeeded him, his character as a man is beforcible letter from the Salt Lake Tri-- , very bled forth the gladness of his heart to de-- . yond reproach. He was a true gentleman, light the solemn world, we cannot with kind, moral, chivalrous to women "and A motion was made and carried that the: hold from him our admiration.. in born iu the be waited upon and thanked for her patient adversity. Though A true child of nature he sang of her middle ranks of society he attained to lady also a comnfunicatiou be seiit'to the letter, beauties and opened to the less observing positions of honor and .trust in the governdaily papers'expressing the feeling of this multitude, the door to a new creation. : ment of his country, and, at seven dif--1 meeting in regard to her noble defense of Her simplest- - trophies were not too ferent times was intrusted with diplomatic "woman. Moved to adjourn till December. small for his attention, for fie gained his in commissions abroad. Indeed his abilities Maky E. Irvine. Sec' re-echoi- -- " - r.. ' ' . - ., ::.-:Z- :.s.jpim n " -- v ! " -- ' he I ' , ts - ; . . . . . . . . - - --- ' . - T- - 1 e 1 - - ' 1 -- ar . '. , . 1 w-a- k - - - . T " . s 1.1 'a. a 1 T f -- : W-r- ' i ad i- - : ' l - : t- . - - - L - true-mediu- m WVVJ. e . - - - . . 