WOMAN'S DIRTIIDAY GREETINGS, . XIV l I K K M FI l I. H J I." V? v.. . I V .And - we know KXl'ONKNT. is nigh 131 - Then "Dear Wall" many tmies" Have I walked in thy shade, ",.'. ' VVhen in tliejoy my heart'- own music hath made. . Went in at thy gates, And sat down in thy halls, And listened enraptured To truth, as it falls ' From the lips of bod's servants, How soothing and calm ."' v Is the peace that it brings To the heart, what a balm! When troubles hang o'er us, Like a funeral pall, Oh! . How can we part with thee, Dear old Temple Wall? Above thy foundation ' The moss doth appear, ' In patches, in crevice, v Now there and now here. Already the house in the corner is razed. taught, soon will be left On which we have gazed, In years that have gone, With loved ones who sleep, Ah! Tread gently, i dare not touch That sacred spot lest I weep! we are or should be in. the sight of God our Father. . your birthday, dear friend! i I wblj you iov , .v-13 Ana iu"lls"wu ujiacu wim alloy, oFthe dear gladness your Think presence "lends s rr lo husband. dear nnp: and i . . df-nt- remember tlie palace where primeval you ' ' r strayed, of where soft breezes, grandeur xhe gardens Dost ' : r played?. Qf gainer-u- i iuuujci iu wnusc courts you were . reared, - past feared? v revealing and With love- was nothing r . Where visions of beauty were old to the Where the glory of God so wondrous so bright. Encircled His children as inarms of love; sight' And Did rapture supreme reigned below and above. the' green sward of earth eruice thee to, v come,-- - ' - - leave joys supreme in that distant home?- Or was it the mother love drawing you here Away from the life in yon glorious sphere? To Dear friend a mission was given to thee, 'Twas said, "Make a home and you shall be free" V choose to do well,we will help you in love, Will whimper of Heaven wherever you rove." But , JlltU win." uiv wv.f puiunaj Soon ty mission is ended, And the time draweth nigh. When an enclosure more elegant, - More chaste, (to the eye,) Will surround our loved Temple.. (Perhaps more pleasing to ail) But not dearer, to us, than Our, Old Temple Wall! The rich and the poor, alike Enter thy gates, the blessings within They alike may partake. At the altars may kneel, When on "Father" we call, Through thee, the Temple we enter, Dear old Temple Wall! lltCU ICCt -- .. tread, And pitiless storms beat fierce o'er your head, 0, think of the love that is waiting for you, When Heaven is gained and you have been true. . . be cheered thy heart! borrow, , The sunshine - . - And Joyfully - of hope, for lo, on the morrow The clouds will all pass, and Heber will come, With songs and rejoicing to you and his home. Lydia D, i-- Of Alder. January 26, 1894'. , . Musi we part with thee? Thou steadfast, Thou old and tried friend! Could'st thou not have stood And endured to the end? Ah yes! But improvement Demands thy downfall; ' But thou'lt live in cut memories, old Temple Wall! - Dear That blest spot of ground; On which stand's our Temple So lofty and grand-H- ow Jiought crowds upon thought As I stand. C. BEGIN. How the wicked once raged When they soughtthe posessidii Of our sacred halls, ' Which thou hast guarded for years, Dear old Temple Wall! How thrilling 4 the knowledge! The remembrance, how sweet! When calling on "Father," We knelt at his feet, And cried, Father, forgive them! J Forgive thempw pray! spare our loved Temple From those who would slay Thine anointed and chosen, Thy Prophets and Seers, The prayers of thy people Oh God! Wilt thou hear! s But How blessed! To know -- That our knowledge extends To a God who doth hear, And raise up to us friends, And lo! Like the clouds From a clear summer sky, Roll back all our troubles, i i others. lU ca j ' Zion's Convert. . mellow some, men and .petrify The earth with faculties all dormant, not knowing where we are or what to do, only to cry for food that we may. gain strength and : adequate to this occasion. We are in every sense of the helpless, yes, helpless r. a tViJo fnnd 0nves strength ' WOra. icnw tf we have that discover and we, after a time, Vacuities' we can can into acuuu; cu giusp and shortly use and hold with the hands, 0W feet to walk. . when he can child is the How delighted what pleasure he accomplish this, and with or guardian will do anything his parents ' ' . will tell him to do. faculties the given Yes he appreaiates , .,,,1 the love of the parents "for him, love in the child, atsoand it is his to his Heliehtto do everything" in so power love him tenderly. nlease those who of ourselves and what Is not this typical 1 .JV V. J W 14 remember that our Heavenly Father's voice is the first to listen to, to be safe from evil, for after you have decided: which to follow you will, find you have a prompter in either case, either on , the upward or' downward grade, after those faculties are " developed; but before this time his'Satanic majesty has no power, over little children. This is the decree of God bur Father. How wise, how merciful and good He is to his erring children, knowing as he does mat ine patn tnrougn tms worm is a rougn one, yet it will teaclrus to seek wisdom from the fountain of light and intelligence, to arrive safely into port, to our eternal Years : intel-i,Vpn- - IV-- 1 MISCELLANEOUS. . : w. O O. R. Wr is true that an all wise Heavenly Father has given us our agency? If so when did we receive it? We came here V a a. Dec. 1st, 1892. It v r9-- - OUR AGENCY, WHEN DOES, IT see there inscribed -- e o my thoughts backward turn And seek memory's page - When we read the history of our Lord and Savior we see how many trials ' He met with, yet He gained strength every time, because of the help he received from his Father who delights to bless all, those v vnoputtneir trusnn nimriii tins way they make a wise use of their agency, and will find that every trial will be a. benefit-tthose whe can acknowledge the hand of God in all things. . g 1 . unto-y- home. T( . Thou old Temple wall vv men circles around, What is dear to all Saints, As gazing I ' - THE OLD TEMPLE WALL. SaltJjikeL-TempieovthjS- ., . . Then -- Yet the opposite spirit, Lucifer, tells us you need not pray, Our Father knows what you need before yQU ask Him. This is an easy lesson, but is it a profitable one? Our Elder Brother's lesson is quite the opposite to this. He says, "seekMnd ye shall find, knock and it shall be opened ou." vIn vthis way .our faculties are ' developed and drawn into action. OurFather sees that since we are made in His. must develop those faculties Ja image;-wbecome God-likand partake oLHis nature. While Lucifer would teach us that he has a cVl . i ici auu u t,Ali uner way 10- gain ine same result. Here we need wisdom to know wliich lesson to learn first. Since we are told to become Godlike we mus" learn both spirits; that we may give each one its true value and its proper place. Now you must cling to the parent or guardian who Iovps von nnd hn; nlrpndv is our workshop. We may not curse it; we are bound to sanctify it. ' G. MazzimV . . Honesty is the best policy, because it is the only policy which . loss of character. insures against s re NEVER bear more than one. trouble time. Some people bear three kinds at a all they have ever had, all they have now, and all they expect to have. Edward ' v" Everett Hale. ' The effective life and-therespect- life iye are one. No sweep of arm that does somcT work for God, but harvests also some; more of the truth of God, and sweeps it into the treasury of life Phillips Brooks. RE me m b is r that if the opportunities for great deeds should never tpme, the opportunity for good deeds is renewed for you day by day. The thing for us to long for-ithe goodness, not the glory.- Frederic W. (Farrahr. - 