v wom a n x 4ix m n: nt i r v . Hisii!rv3Ul:uv- skiHHwitrlittttrfairr-ni"w e - muotr. and temble as an-- the covenant. armv ith banners'" h Ihvil-tiDerjrr'raatiexcept at long intervals 'when' for a brief the luture. has held- ,- rUdxif heedTeT Woman's Suilrage season, lUe purCiTeligion of Christ ' It the rtrn7-- 'also shows how ; be the wede .which hastens this process uf , that the stronger vessel has demanded of purification; and let- - the banner tf woman the 'weaker,, to the uttermost .'farthing, the ; be foremost" in the mnkii' qf those, who are payment of ,.ther penalty passed upon' her:ghting for the annihilation of bigotry and ' for her transgressioii7 'Thy desire shall - prejudice and the ushering in of the pure to thr hxih'fnnA .hp'Xttitl rnIX VIX McHiitr-lri3-Tafr- ut ' c . - - JOTa : s of sighs and,' prayers and Ujs daughters,r for something, better,, have ascVnded to the throne of a and mercijust ful Parent. Doubt not hut Hj,s ears have heard, and His heart responded tc their -- .cries. ' ; . - . ..... ; .. These v isi tore made-Juvucti2- 1 2 after .leturn to the lust. lig. 31st, Dr, Jv:' K. Shipp, read an able pajer on Heredity. follow;ed with ait iutcrestiilg lecture, on the t same ..subject; many deep thoughts and o earnest relle'ctions haye lx.'en .a wakened some discussion has been indulged in on the subjects which.., have been; so thoughtfully presented to the club.. original poems have been read, o many selected gems of both prose and poetry. -! So m e- ea"u t i fu v recitations have been given by C. Louise Boyden aiid others. Sentiments from the Poets, both men and .women, have been quoted also some from-thLast but not least, book of Psalms. we have had rare '.music rendered, both vocal and instrumental, by some of the ' members. President E. R. Shipp, and E. B. Wells, have won all hearts by their courteous loving manner, and now at the close of the year, we feel that we have indeed been benefitted, by the organization, and desire its' success in all - future years, and that it may ever be composed of "thoughtful earnest workers.. ) ' ' - . ;. "(Read betore tlie3tZGeore.,.4M3ts Suffrage Association, "Nov, 5th, i9-K)- , ( rheart-yearnmg- . u: -- ... . 4 .misainlyearsr c . ; : nX tiie. ....':., - ehtertauie bour tluUtiri..ivitirnirciu-UtLoast. 1 resident, u ens anu c?nipp. of ilu- nteniljers,' met the itlt a ntynfe' . aim inviting mem into ladies anrnr-Dq- t, the drag "Utah: accompanied, them in a drive over the principal parts ol tlie City, These ladies were otherwise entertained by the Club. . 7 S KETCH OF THE WORK OF U. W. P. CLUB, r This is an age of marvelous happenings.. al-s- THE It is an age of preparation for something " For the fiscal year iSyg better than the world has ever known. It "Tiiifirst meeting,- with the new officers a time' when the trammels of sin are to be broken, and the results ofdis- - who were elected Oct. 31st, 1893, was held obedience done away when man, and wo- - Nov.. 29 tu,i 89311 the apartments of- the man,, by fulfil i ng . a certa in - - la ivy can "be President. Dr, Ellis R. Shipp. The subject of the hour "Thanksgiving" restored "to their pristine glory and exal- was discussed. " An interesting paper tation ' was w Therefore I contend' that the movement for Woman's Suffrage presages her release read by the author the retiring President from the curse! placed upon her 111 Eden; E. B. Wells, who was elected Honorary - thatIt. is a sigif of the times.as well as is V President. Also a 'paper by Mrs. Lillie T., .the restoration; of the Gospel, and that to rreezeJojr theJJlnlluen .by the fight against it is - position to the purposes of the "Almighty. - Secretary, both contained many ideas ' and The crv is raised different thoughts oh the subiect. : Mrs M. enter. against woman ' .7 because she A. Y. Greenhalirh. one of the Vice Presi ing the ranks of consents towoikat cheaper rates than men dents atXarge, addressed the Club, statcan afford to do who have families depending the manner of observing Thanksgiving Gave the origin of the ing upon them. This.may be true, but can in Old England. mind condemn thepoor worin from custom in that country-- which dated back Lydia D." Aldk k. to Druids. the driven to the last rebelhngwhen extremity, and turning to account, the very means The subject" of Psychology was taken wmen nave oeen usea to noia her down, to up during the Spring. Able lectures were ECONOMY. . further the end of her emancipation. Hundelivered by Dr. Ferguson, Eliza Bennion, dreds of women have been made earnest and G lady s Wood mansee. The subject Economy in the home is the first equal suffragistsfqr this reason. alone, that was pretty thoroughly discussed, much stone to wealth, happiness and success they have been exacted to do the ame thought being given to it. .All seemed to in life.- . It is the doctrine of proportion amount of work as a nianin as creditable a understand it better than" before. In the May Meeting Dr.R. B. Pratt, .brought into practice; children are very manner, and for half: tlieXremuueration. Think not however, that this will be adast- - read a paper on .Theosophyr - r: "' " sensitive, they notice liow mother does and " the best use of At the June. Meetingrjan interesting-paper iL mg condition. Once installed oiKa sure, on "Woman's Clubs," uras read by everything they will form habits df saving foundation, and woman will demand ashigh a price for her labors as After which President which will be a benefit to them in their any; man. The X Mrs. Dickinson. .question of preference will then be one bt EvB. Wells, moved that we turn the future lives. To the poor,, economy is r- .capability and integrity, as it should be, meeting, into an informal receptiorito- ana not ol dollars and cents. Economy in the husband's affairs is a who was The old plea :that the ballot for women present, accompanied by Mrs. Egbert great help to the wife as they should both .will admit so many immoral women to Roberts. try to livTe according to their income.. The Countess is a disciple of ' 'Theosophy, ' ' Tea coffee" and spices are unnecessary power is indeed becoming- monotonous. Let 4he four times eighty thousand and an intimate friend of Mme. Blavatsky,; articles and are injurious to health, as well prostitute makers of New York City purify whose death and fame in this science was as a great expanse. We should try to live honestly within our own means. Mothers themselves, body and soul and where announced in the papers some time ago: should teach thei r ch ildren Jobeecohoin ieal would be your eighty thousand prostitutes? Being invited to speak, the Countess rot hfrhood71ll indress, astliiy themselves - should be; Immorality would die a natural death, and said r Th eosoph yendless yardsof ribbon and lace does not irnt hH keepers"- -i ruins ol bank7 religions contain some - of its" principles. ruptry. It has no real organization, and no one is teach economy but expense. We 'should' Show me the woman, born of virtuous required to give. up his religion, who: join elevate their tender minds with noble x parentage, who would lead the life of a this brotherhood, for all religions have thoughts and good desires. They should prostitute from choice, and you will show some truth iii.them. The Countess desired also be taught order in the house as me an anomaly in nature. Where is the the ladies to ask questions. Several of the another attribute leading to economy,we ' most degraded among thein who would not dadie availed themselves of this privilege, should have a place, for everything and ..gladly reform to become the honorable wife the questions being many and varied, which everything in its place, as economy is far- of a reformed and honorable man? the Countess answered in. a. kind and r seeing, contingencies and providing against Ah, my; friends, it is social vice and courteous manner, giving Tiex; view's, and them ; a word on bread as it is the staff of degradation, hot woman's suffrage, which . such information as she possessed. In this; life, and without it we would consider our i, '. has undermined the social structure. It way a fair understanding was gained living very poor; pieces left on the table A pretty has befouled the stream and polluted the of this subject, but little known in the after meals, also bread left from one bakfountain of life until it is an eyesore to the West, ing to another should be browned in the though so old in the East. vision and 'a' stench in the nostrils of the The Countess was , easy and' gracious in oven a delicate bro wn, put in aclean sack pure in' heart. Let the rotten fabric be her. address, and has the power and and hung in the pantry, this furnishes mce rent asunder! let Babylon. fall! Jebfire from browmed bread for milk. toast, or tomato or eloquence of 'language at her command. heaven devour its ruins!" And from its This interesting evening will long be other kinds of soup, there are many things asnes, let mere arise, like the remembered by the Club. that would be a saving, and a blessing to us, a structure "pure as the The National Woman's fress Club, was and no person should despise economy; we fore-shadow- s "7aiy - al-s- . - 1 ; 1 en-titied,V- Ne Englaud-Thanksgiviu- g' . J.'.-- ! I CJ wage-earner- r s, - . : . any-jus- , t - -- - ' step--pin- g . - - - . t see-her-ma- king -- - " . . ter . -- . - - 1 nk-in-th- t- -4 er t : " - far-fame- ' d 4 X -- 1 e ' 