.7yfc? Rights of the W of jhe Wpnten -- SALT CONTENTS: LAKE-CIillII- W i5rWi . IX RURAL ENGLAS, In Rural Ingland A Story, Woman Suirrage ColumqM. E. Irvine: U. W. Woodmansee. Golden :. Wedding--M- ., A..W.r TherGuests. 1V6 Of A1ubilee'WeddingOne man's' Social and Literary Club Grace Mayhen, Old Folks Day M. Rj: K iauies, y Vilate f Tne The Ethics Meeting Young. Green Bay Tree V. II. Wilkins R. S. Reports. C. R. V. Obituary-- G, 1 ' J ; C.-G- ladys ail .Nations.' 0 XL; a No. do nor. know, if he is", living or n,t, his solicitor in London ' told me when I embarked, that he' had gone abroad for an indefinite t period, and. might never ret urn but added you are at liberty to draw upon me, "should you be. unable to supporUyour-se- lf in the new world to which vow rp, : 0JewcIays.3IrI Jiarrington remained at:lfomeliursed by good Patience Austin, who .was verv tender and kincLthinking .him py.e.r.?orkedrbutr knowing1 nothine0 of ! the difficulty, she was' one who would, jomg.' not listen to slander and therefore she selThis and much more was said "and Mr, dom heard the gossip of evil tongues. Barrineton went, awav in better snirifs.' Mrs. Island kept her 'promise and had though he had not alluded to the real cause E J I to r A l al t a r . Editorial Notes. i sent over to the .cottage .goodly-suppli-es" to of his depression. - 1VIe.tr y Sal ta i r R u th M Fox . A pp ro v i n g j .be disbursed by.J ohii a ndiPatien ce: Austin He continued to iabpr among the. people r knew7 H. Woodmansee. well the. needy, and ma ny were and evetything settled down qujetry agaiii WordsEmily jvho bthemessgeiofratituderand prayersfor for he bore himself with such heroic dignity he generous and charitable.; widow, sent by that his revilers were ashamed of their evil S ALTAI R. these good, people. Mrs. Bland sent Josiah suspicions, and were more deferential than - .( honor 0 the agecLaisemhly there.) (her faithful butler), to inquire after Mr. before, In fact - his sernionsfTvereiriore have seen thee.Saltair when thy waters soblue, Barrington and learning he was indisposed brilliant and his' manner more impressive, And thy rnountains. were tinged with jyrjfiriouilrequestedl31rs". Austin to come over with an d his sed coiigrega tions g r; idually-incr: him-as mi sotn as he w:as well etougli."" The .in numbers and in religious fervor. When thy turrets were bathed with the sun's following Sabbath he Was to preach in an Time passed on and the - children gre w ' ' "i . 4 outlying district, so it was several days be- - more interesting .but required more care. t golden light! As in splendor he bade thee a loving good night.: fore.he could call upon Mrs. Bland, and he Mrs. Bland - watched over then; faithfully; was reluctant to go then even though she as thrjnglrnhey-vr-al- l her own Now. .When wtalth, fashion and beiuty have come at' had sentfbr him. ' rr and then Maitland would write, but never thy call, He was mekuicholy and ill atease, 'he satisiatojilyJmetimesJi And 'sweet music resounded through plaza and no friend had on whom - he could" rely for was coming, and again that he should come "v .Jial:. comfort and advice, and somehow it seemed for the children. Mrs. Bland felt how ter When brave youths ad fair maidens here spor" right and proper that he should trusOIrs. rible it would be to give them into his keep- in their glee, Bland. When he did call she was aston pd yet she knew it must be sooner or Or iii barjuesridenh-r"crestfTh- y bittdwykeaV lshtd at the in his appearance,-.anchange later, hoping against hotx., that she might A palace of beauty I have seen thee afar, see a to Jiim he urged physician; replied be permitted to keep Anna. with jewels, each bright as a siar, that he was in need gf sympathy, that his. i At last ijord lton Jiis The great ahd the noble, thwu hast borne on thy situation was very i and since that fs'Joih ngJFeralded .be-- . trying, patrician jii ojl brea.st, tie Doctor's death and her bereavement he. forehand and the house.". made' ready; renare from to the.East the Thy praises Wtst had lost his sole confident; in n moment he ovated thoroughly, Wild rung new many ; ; . - i oerm-montni- 1 1 ;- i -S . ( : 1 -- I 1 ea -- - ' -- -- " .. -- .. - -- - ,. d . . lili . Truly charmjng and grand, thou art ever Saltair, But never wert thmr haif. so ryvely and faTr, J" todayrwitlvthy4iii6as lulls crowded1 with : guests; The noblest; the bravest, the truest, the best: Thtse veterans who have borne the heat of the C ;'" ' r. I ' - , Who have had armies' befiitid, and deserts, be" .J.'. fore, Have been tempted and tried 'till their hearts were sore; 'Tis to these we all vie to do honor today, 'Tfs for these for whom God's choicelst blessings --:- ; Ue pray. . ' - ' . the brow,; w Bui honor and victory are. resting there now, Aiid garlands of flowers fade and wither away, .But they have won laurels that will never decay. - Justlyproud and exalted, thou Saltair, For tlfe "privilege of honoring silvered hair, Though kings, queens and nobles should all come thy way, ; . must-b- e , Thou hast reached tlie full zenith of glory today. - ,4-v Rum M.'Fox. t-- -' : ' .: . , Statehood - -- . at Saltair August first. prominent men. vWomen da Speeches by look on and listen. - Jrtl J---- -- " Bright garlands of 41mvers7we might weave for . j - , : .. ' ' Whose feet never faltered though long was the ; .' ay; ThoUgh btuiins beat about them until teebled and bent ;' They have fought many battles dark clouds they have rent. felt how childishof Jiim to despond,! si nee Mrs. Blautf had so" much to bear, and he said, "O, Mrs.; Bland forgive my weakness, you are so brave and have so much to, endure, but the children take up your mind, while I Thave "really 1:0 one, to share my sorrow, tip one to advise me; and there-ar- e uiany perplexities even in my profession. rou-i- ro sisteT or orother, no near . relative no ties of kindred?' V ' "Alas! no, I ani an orphan,1 alone in the world, I know nothing of my family, I was educated by my uncle whom I never saw, Though he was most generous in supplying' me with means while I was at school." "And where is he, now, do you not hear ' from him?-i in foreign parts somewhere, he "Away was much annoyed when Jie learned of my becoming a dissenting minister, he expected me to take to the Law, or some literal work, I disappointed him greatly." "It can't be helped I suppose for you are really in earnest and most devout, but surely Tie will relent some of these days, and take you back again or come and look ' -you up iii this new land." "But I have never seen him, never! He does not know me, a most eccentric gentleman my tutor told me, quite celebrated, entirely alone in the world, had been crossed in love, a romantic .story, I suppose, though T never heard it, only from a tutor I had when quite a lxy, who knew my uncleivery well, an$4yas veryIond of abouTirnn in a desultory way. I j . d,i' L came-xwitl- r "." ... ; luxuries-provide- Mrs, d. Bland, dreaded society since her husband's death; and she knew Lady Walton vould go. over all the" details of both bereavements: and she. was not disappointed for the first day of her installment she sent for Mrs. Bland to arrange matters with her, and plied her with imiujneJableueM in monosyllables, and neVer once referred to Lady Walton's own affairs of which she had heard from the floating plied-mostl- y rumors more, than from Maitland, who after leaving America had said little about his mother; in fact it was not ktlowh whether she was still an Italian Countess, or her own name. Mrs. Bland always addressed her by her former title. After a few days Lady Walton sent for the children; Maitland had been with them most of the time, aud seemed very, proud-o- f ' " -- had-resume- d them especially"" of Edward. was quite overcome when "the children were brought to her, and Maitland could not understand it, but Jane ' Bland knew how like '"the boy was to her uncle Edward, and This womau: of fashion, this cold, imperious lady now long past her youth, had not jeen able during all these years to crush out her first love. "How n Lady-Walto- -- like Anifa is?" "she said to Mrs. ; Bland, not mentioning the boy. '.The few months that Lady- Walton stayed in America' Were full of excitement both in doors and out for the hostilities of the Indians kept the settlers in terrible pense, and Lady Walton .was very timid; the-bab- y - sus-talkin- g- . 1 : V ' y.: 