WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 108 ' Aft AM YV TP UiVlilN O LAI UnDi EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, ANSIB Or rich, or poor", whate'ef their sphere-Ho- nor to whom is honor due; Honor to God's anointed seerl v Honor to Zion's chieftain true! May gracious heaven his strength renew. VDAMrXTT M A '- - .- 1. AV'or. - Bdittrial Contributor. WEljlS CASNON Comelia "An Israelite devoid of guile," To honesty itself akin; Noble his record, clear and clean Through many long decades of trial, scene. Through many a " . Born in a most important time, Number'd amongst a chosen few Sent down to fill a role sublime A glorious, marv'lous work to cto; Pertaining to ari.era new. in Salt Lake Chy, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, 51.00; one copy six months, 50I cts. N,o reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 2.50; per month, 53.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent ofl&ce. Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Build-nMain Street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Business hours from to S p.m. every day, except Sunday. a.m. 10 a Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, sernl-mont- hl. 4 soul-appalli- . - Salt. Lake City, Utah. V . .... 1 ' March 15, 1894. PRESIDENT WOODRUFF'S PARTY, The magnificent Salt Lake Temple was indeed a fitting and appropriate place to as semble in, to celebrate the anniversary 01 the birthday of the beloved veteran Presi- dent of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. It was surely an inspirational thought which suggested that his friends should gather in honor of this great and venerable ' man within those ' sacred walls. Hisconnection with the history of this Territory as a pioneer, his standing with President; Young on that very, spot in 1847, and hearing that great leader make the remark that it was the very place where the Temple should be erected, and watching as he has the progress of the work thereon from the first breaki ng of the completed, and his life having been many times miraculously preserved and hs desires granted that he might live until it was finished, his successiou;jto the presidency, making him the central figure on that wonderful occasion, are all facts fraught with such importance, that to celebrate his anniversary therein seems the most proper and natural thing to render honor where ' honor is due. About one o'clock when the people were gathered in one of the large halls, President Woodruff rose graciously, and. welcomed his friends, with such a spirit of love and sincerity, that all realized the blessing in . the few words so fervently spoken. The exercises opened with music by the Temple choir, and President George Q. Cannon offered an eloquent prayer; the choir sang again and brief congratulatory addresses were made by Presidents Lorenzo Snow and Joseph F. Smith. A song written for the occasion by Elder H. W. Naisbett was sung to the tune of "Auld Lang Syne," by W. C. Dunbar- the audience joining in the chorus. Apostle Franklin D. Richards gave a short address in which he expressed the most tender affection for the President, and alluded to his life and labors in the most glowing J V;;;";:--;.'- . Joseph, the youthful Prophet Jiad Sore need of heroes in the field; ' Who in the Gospel armor clad, Inspired.with faith'and light revealed, Fought for the Truth and would not yield. " . Faith, steadfast faith, was unsubdued Unconquered and unterrified, When howling mobs, the Saints pursued; And dealt distress on ev'ry side And drove them to these valleys wide. These shelter'd valleys fair and broad, That ne'er shall be the foeman's spoil, ere in this refuge, long untrod Our Hero first upturned the sod And planted seed in .virgin soil. . , - mansee. '". - .7. EXPRESSION OF ESTEEM. Tis fit that loving friends should bring, floral Sweet offerings fresh and gay; Zion's fit bards should sing, 'Tis that 7 A jubilant and festive lay ' On Wilford Woodruff's natal day. Intermission was announced v and more ' voice. Peace shall descend like heavenly dew," And on pur host and hostess rest; Forever shall. their joys accrue, Yea, for the good they've done, and do, Truly they are and shall be blest J.. Lest peradventure, unawares, We'll lose "the priceless pearl" at last. , joy the servicev After the intermission the party reassembled and listened to more music and short speeches by Elder H. J, Grant, Geo. Goddard, M. W. Merrill, Ezra T. Clark and A. H. Cannon. Br. Clark alluded to the after the death of the meeting in Nauv-oo-, rropuei josepn wnen tne mantle oi josepn lell upon Bngham Young, Sister Zina D. H. Young testified to the same historic fact and said if she had closed her eyes she would have felt positive it vas Joseph's , All Zion's friends should now rejoice, So softened are her waning foes,v Hosanna sing with heart and voice, For favors that the Lord bestows Upon the people of His choice. Oh, may we all, a in the past, However tried by needful cares, Cling to the truth and hold it fast; ministrations and preservation. President Woodruff himself followed. He observed that his brethren had said a great deal about his virtues but not one word as to his imperfections which he knew he had, like all other mortals.4 From one part of the testimony, however, he ielt that he might not deviate in the slightest degree, and that was their allusion to the power of God that had"preserved and sustained him. To Him he felt to give the glory; and as to whether his remaining time on earth should, be brief or extended, he had no desires save that all of it should be employed in God's service. - His remarks were full of promise and inspiration,' and they we 1 e listened,l to with the profoundest interest. Sister Bathsheba W. Smith called attention to the historical incident, and testified of it, that so far as she knew President Woodruff and herself were the only living persons, who had received their endowments underibe, personal "authority and administration of the Prophet Joseph Smith in music given while Bishop J. Ri Winder, who was in charge, lead the way to the The arrangements for this dining hall part 01 me program were exceiient,ana tne refreshments were delicious and tastefully served to the guests, by a dozen or more young men and women, who seemed to en- - L." Vr,'"., terms.' Sister E. B. Wells then read the poem given below written by Sister E. H. Wood- - President George Q. Cannon was the next speaker. He referred to the depth of the love that( existed between President Woodruff and all who had e ver been called to associate with him, to his guilelessaess, his honesty, his consideration for others'' leeiings ana views, ana 10 me great bless ings that had come to Israel through his Nauvoo. The wilderness is nowhere seen, The desert is redeemed from drought, . Her summer robes of emerald green Are rich and beautiful throughout; , The Source of blessings, who can doubt? I Oppressions hand so oft upraised To vex or put the Saints to flighj, Is turn'd aside, the Lord be praised, ' Who from the gloom evolveth light And ordereth everything aright "Amid the mountain tops" behold! :t' The Temple towers salute the sky; The angel lifts his trump of gold, -And sends'afar the) warning cry, "Repent, the judgment hour is nigh." 'Tis written, 'judgment shall begin, At God's own sacred house," and hence A part of Bab'lon's strife and din) Trouble and woe and dire suspense, E'en Zion's children needs must sense. The prophecies we see fulfilled, The long predicted woes appear; The stoutest hearts, the strongest willed, And mightiest nations q uake for fear; Zion's redemption draweth near. V Narrow "the Way" and strait indeed Yet wherefore should we be cast down? "God is our help in times of need," And fittingly 'tis thus decreed Endurance wins the promised crown. . A dispensation long desired, And waited for by seers of old; A dispensation that required ' The noblest spirits brave and bold, ' To storm Tradition's powerful hold. econd class matter. ' ' ' . Entered at the Post OJice in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Salt Lake City, 11 ng ' g, v f Elder David McKenzie th& read a poem written by H. W. Naisbitt ntitled MThe Veteran of our Home," (Afiectionately addressed to President Woodruff on his 87th birthday March 1st, 1894.) The remarks of Br. Clark and Sister Zina in reference to the occasion when it became conclusively evident to the majority of the assembly present that the mantle of Joseph had fallen upon Brigham suggested to the Presidency that all present who heard the sermon should rise to their feet. Those who responded were eighteen in number those who knew Joseph in Kirtland there -- were seven. Those who knew the Prophet Joseph during his lifetime thirty nine. President George Q. Cannon announced that as all present would like to shake Hands with President Woodruff and his wife in whose honor the party was given, they would conclude with an informal reception to give all the opportunity of congratulating - 1 . 