'178 ..WOMAN'S ovftwo;and - 11 Fretr itfu po tt ud . aresupiedhefinear aevotees; Sculptors, painters, ovPysi4,nMmzi and pleasure training oHiildrenj jthe-idiffcrea- - r.1 , t .. . -- - v-- . . ; -- .' . 7 s) . " ; the-tes- : . -- . " , s; -- 4 the -- Tk - " suffrage meetings the nearness to statehood, the nec$it4f ,U tal nrlloi ylieffizenlandkindred - subjects were spoken of.V We returned to our home feeling well paid for our trip and realizing that such, visits are not made often enough ' as they tend to create an "interest in, and sympathy for, oneanpther, promoting peace, harmony and union with ..all interested- - in ....... the great work of the Latter-daN's.L. Jon i:s, Stake Sec. ; w - Vi qwcffeacj prised and: pleased! You- then will grant the truth !aud moderation of my words to ' early movements Utah, today according. night. ... atUtah to the census can stand comparisons with dead past bury 'the dead:: Have you read some states in cultured Nev England, with the public records? In the official judgment out having cause to blushr" " 7 T 7 ot tne nauorrs cmei Jixecuii ve mere no .The pioneer's Indian policy from the first ' now , was to feed the red men, not to fight them. "Mormon "Question' president Morthe ofahe Harrison . Manifesto accepts Untutored as he' is, the Indian is human so by proclamastill; for learning,, that' the pioneers were mon people as sincere, and - ' friendly, he became, in turn, their friend. tion has granted amnesty. fall. Utah has Leaves have their time to , Often have I heard the simple, childlike emerged from gloomy night, and all her Salutation 'of these children of the wilderness: ,,How d'do. I like you give me citizens, Mormon, Jew and Gentile, hail the coming day. Courted with' .favor by 1 Or in the vernacular ; 73S0methingl:d eat uhah both the great political parties, Utah hav "MikeAhena "meamegomigan.. --- ing ioiig outgrown her swaddling, clothes,; kanucha kahmumuk." Though lovers of the beautiful, aesthetics will soon be . clothed with robes ot statenooa. ue nor. taKen-o- y in the narrow sense, gave place to activisurprise; racner ties, more directly connected with the life wit- h- a reconciled "assurance77 bid t serving functions; for the- pioneers began welcome. Listen to the patriotic song of U tali ' s to have a certain undefined feeling that of for- sons and daughters. We - know no other turnips and potatoes were paragons ' . mal beauty. country; it is our first and only love. The '):' With mingled feelings of hope and fear, grandsires of the pioneers our fathers,, they broke a few acres of dry, parched and the valiant soldiers ofithe Revolution, in the struggle for independence, marched ground, (and quite as many shoulder to shoulderf fought and bled and planted their seed, irrigated from the canyon stream the thirsty soil, and looked to died on the same battle fields. In the time of war, the'union's loyal sons have graved ' God to give the increase. There was an alternating struggle for the. the fight, and faithful wives and mothers '"the-- prayed. We wouldjiot ask for war to give yictorybetween -- King- Harvesrknd ' tp: that Were dtsregardful of the. Monster Famine. (More than once the' words of CoL Bridger came to them.) The nation's weal; - but oh, believe me! there latenessof, the season, too, did not tend to beats within our breasts hearts that are true! "reassure them. But the seeds take root and We would be good and upright citizens of grow; the crops mature, the harvest comes, the grand Republic. We would emulate the virtues of .the tried , and true. Washand with it, such a time of joy and gratitude as is seldom witnessed. ington, Jefferson, Lincoln, Grant, all by. f The ordeal for the first few years was, us are known and loved. Then extend to indeed, a trying one. What" with the us the hand of friendship, let your hearts express good will; thus man to man is reravages of crickets, grasshoppers, and re" curring drought, they often reaped half conciled and the - purposes of God fulfilled. Behold! and lo! In the western skv a crops and sometimes scarcely none. In these extremities, boiled roots and raw shining star appears; and that star Utah, hides made, up- - the bill of fare and were yueen of the West." ..... eaten with a relish. What a transformation scene the wizard QJJR VISIT TO BEAVER CO. wand of industry has wrought! What a tribute to the perseverance of the people. before was desolation, now blossoms Editor Exponent:- : as the rose; and mother earth, once barren, A number of ladies and gentlemen now brings forth her increase, and revels in. representing different associations in this the rich luxuriance of production-Ladene- dcounty started from Beaver Aug 8, to visit fruit -- trees," fragrant flowers, fields of wavAdamsville and Minersville. Of the Relief ing, golden grain make glad the sight. Society, were the Stake President,. Sister The flocks and herds by thousands roam Lucinda Howd, Sister R. V7 Tyler, Presithe hills. The mountains with their ribs dent of Beaver Relief Society and her of iron, hearts of silver and veins of gold Counselor Sister Jane Bickly. Of the Y. add millions to .the nations wealth. And L. M. I". Awere the Stake" President Mrs. as for saltL We have enough of"this comSarah Maeser and her . counselor Mrs. Lotin our one modity liquid mine to supply the tie Stoney.. Of the Primary Association 'earth in this' connection is a were Stake President Mrs. M..E. Murdock Right and her Counselor Mrs. Jane Gillis. Of singular fact for which my chemistry cannot account. Utah today sends more the Suffrage Association were Mrs. L. Jones freshmen to- - the University of Michigan Mr.. J. R. Murdock and Mr. G. W. Bickly. than any state in the west. The party wasabsent three days, traveled Tourists, on investigation, are surprised thirty six miles, and held at the varied natural resources of bur the interest of the.above eight" meetings in named associations. territory. , Our work shops, mills, factories The meetings were well attended and every and refineries produce everything from seemed to body themselves re- enjoy tooth-pickto sugar by the train load. The well.In Adamsville the Young markably V Utah sugar factory is one of the largest in Ladies and Primary Association were re- the United States; last year's output was organized and. in put good running order. M ; " - homely on its architectural side, but symbol plow-share- urkm were: : the Yi&essiy. of sustaining ttfrejS bfisa":public school. -- T1ie subjects 'treated musicians, 'Charity.. of good examples rand" strict the storing, ot wheat, tuliillment poets, all create the images of their fancy obedience; by; the'-Qpwhich -- bring, to 4hem rthe meed of praige, of- prophecie ThelpuWksqtiarelocted7they:builrTrbm brick a school house.. To their credit be it said, sojnear to them was the : : " sun-drie- d "cause haltm i schools; and: churches of al denQtiiuiations. coursing the slmdy thoroughfares, would be at once the admiration and delight of all. ; a KXPONK - . NEW BOOK. A Women workers along. all lines will feel a special interest in the book about to be Mssned li.nder the rt t e of r ''Tntp! prtnni California. " This is a resume of 'mtellect-ua- l progress in that State as presented in the Congresses : held simultaneously with ' , Fair. The work is in three volumes including (i) History. of the Fair; (2) The Cou- gresses;. (3) The Congresses and the School Prominence is given to the System." Woman's Congress and the "Woman's Con1 gress of Missions, both of which ere epoch making in the intellectual; life of women of the Pacific Coast. The dost of each volume is three dollars ($3. xd) ancl - may be sub- the ' Mid-Wint- er -- ; -- -- -- - ' " scribed -- Charles Freeman Johnson, the official reporter to both the Fatr and the ConHe is an gresses, is issuing this book. Eastern man whose mother, Dr. Maria Nye Johnson, was for some years well known in Philadelphia through her successful, medical practice; Her son has imbibed for-separatel- C . . from her an enthusiasm for the woman's . . cause and I know his report of what California Pacific Coast Women are doing will be a valuable one- and can be safely commended to the interest and patronage of .the readers of the" Vo mans' Exponent. I hope the circulation of. this' valuable ; book will not be confined to Western read- ers. Mr. "Johnson's address is room 3, fifth floor, Mills Building, San . Francisco, - -- ' Cal. . V ....... ; Rachel. Foster Aver V Senator Haar in his article published, in The Centiirv quoted the following paragraph.: Rufus Choate, in his great speech to the Whigs at Salem, in 1848;-says: do not suppose I. enter "on any delicate or debatable region of social philosophy; sure I am that I concede away nothing which I ought to assert for our sex when I say that the collective womanhood of a people like our own.seizes with matchless facility andt certainty on the moral and personal peculiarities and character of marked and conspicuous men, and that we may very wisely address ourselves to her to learn if a competitor, for the highest honors has revealed that truly noble nature that entitles him to a place In the hearts of a nation. ' "j talk arid think of measures; of creeds in politics; of availability; of strength to carry the vote of Pennsylvania or the vote of Mississippi. Through all this, her eyes seek the moral, prudential social, and mental character of the man himself and she finds it'' VI . 