WOMAN'S ' EXPONENT. 120 President Rudger Clawson: I have perfect confidence in your president, that she will use your means to the very best. You have ample opportunity to advance in goodness, with principles of the gospel, help the sick and the downcast. A great many of our sisters have faith and the gift of nursing. Referred Jto the promise in the Doctrine and Covenants. It is not the doctors who save life, but y the Lord, He controls the principles of life. Brother Clawson spoke in an impressive manner of the danger in using chloroform too freely, great care should be taken in deciding when to use it. Counselor C. Kelly: A tree is known by its fruits, I am proud of it. I have been pleased to listen to the fatherly counsel by our president. I am a strong believer in the laying on of hands and administration of the servants of God. 1 1 is good to keep those rJrinciples before our children,' this lays greatly in me nanus 01 tne momers. j. nere are many delinquent fathers as well as there are mothers. God bless you sisters and fill you with peace. Treasurer's account read by Sister Fanny Graehl. . President Olivia Widerborg: "I want to say in honor to my God, I went this morning and asked the Lord to bless me thaM might hear what would be said, and praised be the Lord, L have heard every word that has been said." .Conference ad- -, journed for three months. Singing, "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation." Benediction by Bishop Harper. . Emklia D. WAYNE Madsen, Cor. Sec. STAKE. The Relief Society" Conference of the Wayne Stake was held in the Loa School President Jane S. House, Feb. 25, iS94 Coleman presiding. Singing, "God is Love,"' prayer by Elder F. W. Young. Minutes of last Singing, "Weary not. " President conference read and approved Coleman made opening remarks, prayed that a goodly portion of the Spirit of God would be with us during our Conference. The branches of the Relief Society in Fremont, Loa, Willmoth, Thiirber, Teasdale were represented in good condition, all reported they had commenced to read and study the Lectures on Faith as requested in their meetings. Sister Lucinda Brown sgoke on the good teachings given during our Stake Conference; spoke of home industries and that we should sustain them, that the officers and members of the Relief Society should work in unison and each perform their part for the general good; gave some instructions with regard to burying our dead, there, should be order in all such things, desired the blessing of God to be with us. President J. SV Coleman said sheivaa pleased to hear the good reports from the Relief Society- - as represented. Caneville and other branches did not have a representative present on account of sickness. Spoke of the great improvement continually going on in the institutions of our Church for the advancement of, all. Felt it was inspiration that rested on our beloved President Z. D. H. Young to have the Lectures on Faith read and discussed in pur meetings; thereby faith will increase in our midst. Mothers will more fully understand the principles of the gospel, and be' able to teach their children, may faith and good works be planted and impressed in the -- , young and tender mind that our posterity may be mighty. 'Counselor Sarah J3. Forsythe spoke of guarding our children from evil habits and keeping them employed, especially have something' to amuse and instruct them at home evenings. Elder J.- T. Lozenby spoke of the greatness of England through home manufacture. If we stay'aT homeland produce what we need and to spare, the dollar will come to us. Elder F. W . Young said he had been pleased w;th the instructions given, related incidents of the influence women possessed for good; if theyTwill unite with their husbands in buying home manufactured goods we could give employment to many of our - V ' CULMER ir' v & BROS,, ol Manufacturers , . . And Asphalt .' . Vaijxisiies. DFALKRS IN 'r ' " Window Glass,1 Paints, Oils & Brushes, LUBRICATING OILS. MIXED .PAINTS TTSiW RKADY mcl Diamond Wtill RlrjisU. own people. 19 COMMERCIAL AVENUE, . Salt Lake City, Utah. was rendered in a very creditable manner by James Stringam. Singing an anthem. Benediction by J A. "OmyFathei" -- . Taylor. Saraii S. Forsythe, Act. Sec. R.K THOMAS IN MEMORIAM. Biographical sketch of Rachel Cook Drol-linge- r. She was born in Mason Co. Kentuckyjune She was married to Samuel Drol-lingDec. 21st, 1819. They both joined the Saints Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y 1 on the in July, 83 1, Samuel being baptized 7th, and Rachel on the 8th of the month by Elder Solomon Hancock. They moved to Jackson County, Missouri; with the Saints and with them were driven out; and from hardship and exposure endured during that time he died Aug. 16, 1834, in Clay Co., Missouri, leaving Rachel a widgw with six children. Three weeks from that time her eldest son (then in his 15th year) died from the same cause. Then with her five children four sons and one daughter, she was with the saints in their suffering and persecution. Moved with them to Nauvoo, and was an active member of the Relief Society that was organized by the Prophet Joseph, and I will here say that the Prophet was assisted by this worthy family in a material way, financially, several times. From Nauvoo with her family she traveled with the Saints, and came to Utah in the year 1852, locating inj'ayson where she resided until her death - She -- was the -- first "President of the Relief Society organized in Payson which organization was perfected in February, 1856. Sister Drpllinger was always theifriend of the those who needed unfortunate, gentle and kind-ther sympathy. Yet she had, as it were, an iron-wil- l, and could not look upon affectation, pride or deception with the least allowance. Plain and outspoken in her manner and so honest in her convictions in this regard that she urgently requested to be laid away in a neaf, plain, white coffin; her request was respected and 14th, 1798. er o " G, F. 4 . complied. with. Rachel Cook Drollinger departed this life on Jan. 22nd 1894, having lived to the ripe old age of ninety-fiv- e years seven months" and eight days. Saint sixty-twHaving jived a faithfnl Latter-da- y years, six months and fourteen days, and a widow years, five months and six days. Thus ended the life of one who was never idle, and who never lost an opportunity to do good. She died as she bad lived with a firm reliance of a glorious resurrection. o 26,28,30and32 East 1st South St., " SALT LAKE CITY. Gash .1 OUSfv R.K. THOMAS MRS. LIZZIE H. SHIPP, professor and practical teacher of obstetrics, will open a school of obstetrics and nursing in Salt Lake City the first. Monday in May. A half yearly course will be taught for the ll unprecedented low terms of ten dollars-Apersons desiring to avail themselves of this opportunity will please consult me by letter or in person at No. 34 S. 7U1, East ' Street, Salt Lake City. DUN FORD'S Will sell you any Shoe lh their Mammoth Store af actual FACTORY COST PRICE. DON'T MISS THIS SALE. fifty-nin- e : Leading Retail TJifi 57 SOUTH MAIN ST. Com. OBITUARY. . Died at Wales, Jan. $th, 1894, Sarah J. Davis, beloved wife of Benjamin Davis; she was born at Wales, Sanpete Co., Utah, Dec, 18, 1869. Our Society has lost a faithful member. Sister Davis held several prominent positions in this Ward. She was, at the time of her death; Assistant Secretary in the Relief Society. Wheha child she was always faithful in her Sabbath School, and a true and earnest Counselor for years in the Primary Association. Sister Sarah attended to her duties on earth well,. and has now gone to receive a just reward where we hope to see herlnlhe morn of the first resurrection. She left a fiiisband and two small children to mourn her untimely death. Ann E. Midgley, President. Sarah S. Reese, Sec. mum Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS? AND STATIONERY, EQUI- POISE WAISTS. ETC. Uren ITJaklnr in all its branches, Millinery, lates iznnnvtn planned and rctrlmme Feathers curled, etc. Stamping: dorc to order, li lint. ftri onH tons covered while ycu wait. TSJ O. 4:1 b. Bnrlal Salts Spelalr, WEST TI2m;LE STnEET SUble s Opp. Grant Bros. 