WOMAN'S member levenaAer the Constitution is it ;har U be PlW Hfc nicp as the present, not 'only here but every- - voted upon,. and if ym can convijice one this momentous whe re; it is the cry of the age, and we hear man,, to .vote right-ofrom day to day, lo here, aud io there, wliafr question, th? labor wilt not have been hT brave women 'are doihg.in battttflg'againsY vam. wrong: .., There never HXi)().LT. Vuue-vh't?ti- h:V$;lwtin7;a wo- - ; ueedHt - pn aUoptcd-hythe--Coayenti- n EAfMEUXE W'EL Published Term: one coov disc Socts. .No rcl:tio!i ; in S.tll Cijy, Utah. ji.oo; one. copy six. morufis, sciTU-ufoiu- cr. t mm-I- c r acin gamers ciups-justx- ... . l'aicep, unu uc U.L leaving the molding of our own and ,qur count to rei'Ur advcrtiirrs. .. children's lives and fortunes to men alone? Exi'ONt.NT o.f,cer Rooms 227 & 223" Constitution Build-nMain Street. opposite Z'. C. M. I. Buinesshours from Verily, Nokthe mother efcfnent is needecLin 10 a.m.. to 5 p.m. every day, exceptSund.tyT"" the new Constitution about to be made,the : Address all business communications to Womanly intuition so quick to discern, so ' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. should be Salt Lake City, Utah.. prophetic and so inspirational 0 to bear in all possible ways. It is Lake City, Utah, as brought Entered at the Post Ojice a pity that all the women of this fair Ter' . stcond diss matte ritory do not stand solid for the right of has so"aptly Lake City November r. and 15, 1894. franchise es J and emphatically said,. Ji'IUack language in TO WOMEN. which toexpress.mysense,OLrreprooauon of the course pursued by those women who The November election, on which so from their soft and easy homes, where they much depended for the future good "and are anchored in the love of manly, husbands, of Utah has come and gone the enter the arena of public life only to beat liick their sisters,: ' who . seek larger , votes have been cast for the men nominated to office; the winning- side is very' exultant than suffice for themselves; who as a consequence and naturally enough made .make their own opinions and Wishes the itself hilariously jr.bilant'at the ratification measure of all women's needs, and cry out meetings and procession on the 13th, of to legislatures7 and courts, parliaments and this month. ; The" most important matter congresses; 'Hold,enough! Concede to decided at the election, at least for women no more of their demands, for we have for the franchise, was the all the rights we. want." , who are asking of election But circumstances sometimes change; Delegates to tlie Constitutional seem-thaindeed it does Convention; 'and women who sit in luxury and at eaoe now, it was the more important to all the people mayet some future time need for their own These are the men' who defence and protection, or mayhap for their of the Territory. hold the future destiny of this glorious little ones, the right the" would '"now-faimountaiu region in their grasp for a time deny to those less fortunate. at.least. What manner of men should they The Avomen of Utah had the ballot be to occupy so responsible a posilion? wrested from them without adjudication, First of all honest,, truthful, upright, God- and no redress- has ever been offered for fearing men, patriotic to the heart's core, that wrong. It would, be but a simple act sound in judgment, firm in integrity to oT justice for that wrong done in the past, their country's cause, as the everlasting-hills- to restore tlie right 6f franchise nowTAt Men who honor womanhood, men any rate so far as we are concerned .who are progressive in all directions that individually and with the largest influence advance the interests of the "human race, possible to exert, we shall work, and pray men who are above partisanship; who be- upon the affirmative. lieve in equality and justice for all regardWe are proud to believe, that Delegates less of the conditions of sex. who will constitute the coming Convention From this time foruirsjiould bejhein will -- honor "State, bv -i" into the subjects boon Jcredutyroinluire bestowing upon them this with wThich they will have to deal when which represents so much topreciouscitizen, every they enter upon the active performance of and of which not one of these Delegates their labors as framers of a Constitution: would be deprived without protest or havcome must or success will They prepared, ing recourse to the law. To us there seems not crown their efforts, strive as they may; no other reasonable side to this question; they owe this to- - the- people; Who have if taxation - without representation is chosen them from among their" fellows, and siiffprin-fforntyranny" then women are - the country whose in-trinterests" We are living .today, that tyranny. theyrverand they are bound to sustain, by the laws they, and the greater advanc- may help to make for future use, service, ment depends as much upon women as up' ' and protection of rights." on men. The learned and great Canon ' Every, diu-htof. Utah should be as Kingsley said, "Never will women have zealous for lilx-nand as proud of the social equity, till they have legal equality. birthright upon her soil as her sons; and At least give the women of Utah this opshould uudcf stand the obligations of her portunity to test their fidelity to the, state and maintain that dignity and they have helped to make out of the barren heritage in common with her brothers,, desert. ' Victor Hugo's prophecy is equality daily seeking to compiehcnd all the grave ques- - coming to its' fulfillment ''the nineteenth ".' lions at issue, that she may be, fully equip: century belongs to woman ? - : use-of the ballot, and the adped for the Women should not lose one advantage, vantages that accrue therefrom to all those but work tactfully and industriously, the who take part.' in questions cause is worthy of the best directed "and that agitate the general public, more par- - most earnest endeav ors. "Lose-n- o time in a at time like the ticularly present .when converting by the most sublime reasoning1 uncertainty and doubt seem to cause even or persuasive eloquence all .within your great men and , strong men to hesitate and reach who will lend a ear. Make listening .fluctuate, scarce. kuo wing what is the best Ulc V policy to pursue, or what measures-- to adopt, among your neighbors and friends, Re- ' ; - . : g, ' - . in-Sal- t . " . Mrs.-Livermo- S-a-lt t'MXOK t cast, re well-bein- ' . - wo-me- . t - r r; NOTES. 1. Mks'f Zina D. jltOUMi's Post Ofcce address will be for the resent at her own residence 1X7. 4th, St. Salt, Lake City. ' Vn published in a recent, issue of the Eetonent the Call for tlie second triennial session of Council.of; Women. This will )e' a very important gatheiing and, in nnvenL worthy. this nation. The assembly dtself is coni- crganizatioiiSy andlhlTPresi- posed dent of each of Ihesoris" a Vice President of the Council. The influence of such an assemblage of cultured and educated women coming from all parts, East, West, North and South, must "have immense weight, especially when the. topics to be presented are of broad general interest. livery organization is greatly benefitted from its connection with the Council, because its work is brought beore large audiences of ": women and of .nen working along ali lines of; advancement and progression. ..The L Council-holdits session in Washington I). v C. and during the sessions of the Congress 4 of the Nation, this also givesit prestige. They session opens .on Feb. 17, 1S95, ailtl ' closeson March 2nd, 1S95. :- ; the-Nationa- l of-rec- the-historro- T ord - ; s n - . - . the-woTneir- - ofthe OFFICIAL NOTICE. The Stake Secretaries of the Relief Society and (the secretary) of each mission or branch not yet included in a Stake, are herebyoffciall notified to carefully prepare correct statistical and fitincial reports for the current year from JaifaaryastiS94 to December 31 894, These reports must be forwarded to the General Secretary' at the Office of the- Woman 's Ex ponent, Salt Lake City Utah, early ;inIrebruary- 1895 or not later than the 10th, of that month, so that a complete report of this great organization may be ready at least ten days before the General Conference in April sti - - E. B. Wells, Secretary. " -- he- diigher-civilizatio- n, -- er y . " the-politi- cal " ; ! r r.. that feared the Lord roneThev to. another and the Lord spake often hearkened and heard and a book'of Remembrance was kept, and they are mine Saith the Lord when I shalrmake up my iewels. These sweet and cheering words often as; sist our desires and help, us to perform our duties amidst all our frailties and embarrassments. I have just been reading the 12th; 13th, and 14th, Chapters of Romans. Verse 11 chapter 3 reads, "And that knowing the time,- that now it is high time to awake out of sleep; for now is our salvation nearer than when we believed. : Verse chapter-- 4, "So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God,' !. this promps ustruly to awake and to try to be faithful in all things. I appeal to myself and to my sisters, to regard the sacred, teachings- at our. recent Conferences and 1 - ; ,' 1 1 ' - 1 i 