. - WUMAN'S WO M AN S U HifR AG E GO I, U M N . TEK. W. S.-- m,fTrf hnUSe ufvifaS A. Wlt KXPONKNT. beautifully decorated our tW stars litS conspicuous place ANjmportant meeting in the interest of suffrage was "held Feb. 3rd 1894, in the 14th, Ward Assembly liall. The territorial . ulont B. Wells called the meet fr and presided. Miss Maude ing to order e Pratt and Miss Pearl Russell Hynin ot the Republic,'' the audience joining in the chorus. Prayer was offered by Mrs. E. S. Barney. The congregatiou sang "New America." Brief and interesting were the speeches by Dr. Hasbrouck, Mrs. ZinaD. H. Young, Samuel Richards, and Mrs. Lucy A. - Clark. Able addresses were delivered by Messrs John E. Booth and Dr. M. Hughes Cannon in whioh the speakers showed con- 7 clusively that equal suffrage should be enjoyed by both sexes. A Recitation by Miss Babcock, songs by sang-"Battl- Ju'the walls. veresttstonri pSf Society Hall was Sd the 1Q3 lafe was raging, well filled entlemen -g- The delegates from the lower settlements responded to the call, those from Miuersville bravely riding eighteen miles through the storm to be present. An excellent programme was carried out, consisting of speeches, readings from the History of Woman's suffrage, an essay, songs, toasts and" sentiments. The string band kindly lent their services and the sweet strains of music greatly added to our enjoyment. Refreshments Were served, and all felt we had enjoyed a treat besides giving fresh impetus to the cause in this county., A number of our leading men were present all of whom expressed themselves, in favor of woman's suffrage.. The following resolutions were adopted unanimously. Resolved, "That all citizens should enjoy the right of suffrage regardless of sex. Resolved: That we extend our hearty congratulations to the women of Colorado and Wyoming on having entered, at last into, their rightful heritage. Resolved: That we tender to the women of New York and Kansas our heartfelt sympathy in the crisis pending in those states. . Resolved: That the action of the Supreme Court of Michigan in depriving the women of that state of municipal suffrage is a step backward, and is contrary to the spirit of the Constitution and the age in which we live and as such receives our unqualified disapproval. The Officers elected for the ensuing year M. A. White; first Vice. Prest. Mary Fernley; second Vice Prest., Hettie Gentry; third Vice Prest., Harriet S. Farnsworth; fourth Vice Prest. Alice Herbert. Rec. Sec. and treasurer Clara F. Murdock; Cor. Sec. Caddie F. Murdock. Executive Board; Imia Jonesf Chairman. S. C. Maeser,V. G. Bickley, Jane Bickley, M. E. Murdock.- - For Minersville, Mrs. Ada Rollins .Vice Prest. Adamsville, Mrs. Margaret Pierce Vice President. Greenville, Mrs. Mary Davis, Vice Prest. The Exponent is a welcome visitor It is doing a good work in the Suffrage China, a concession never before made by ' the Chinese, to any nation. . iuv.m juiiiiauii uummisiraiion ended on the 4th of March, 1869, and Ulysses S. Grant was inaugurated the .'I eighteenth president of the United States. Shortly after that event. Mr. T w AtlVtlUliU proposed anjjmportantl amendment to the national Constitution, in the following form: "The right of citizens of the United States shall be based on citizenship, and shall be regulated by Congress; and all citizens of. the United States, whether native or naturalized, shalCenjoy this right, .. . equally, . - . Jit. wnnoui any distinction or discrimination whatever founded on sex.". 7 F - - --- A. . the year 1869, namely, the uniting of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans by railroad connection, the ceremony of laying the last cm'Vf rriiVJnrr tie and drivingO thp 1.i;tthe 10th of May, 1869, near thewvuuug head of the Great Salt Lake. Mrs. Bessie Dean Allison and George D. In 1871, seven thousand six hundred and Pyper were the artistic features of the" ocseventy miles of railroad was laid and put in casion. .Meeting, adjourned" subject to the' successful operation in the United States. . call of the president. V.: T... ' t. r oc- ri xii wis jcai ai3u mc nre ' ,iiica;o giciu Rec. Sec. Nelue Little, cured. "In the extent of district burned this fire stands first, property destroyed S. L.XO. W S. A. second, and in the suffering occasioned third, in the conflagrations of the world.! The Salt Lake Co. W. S. A. convened In 1872, a court was held by the Board of at the residence of Mrs. Elizabeth A. C. Arbitration appointed by the United States McCune, Jan. 1 6th 1894, President Elizaand Great Britain and composed of leading beth McFarlane in the chair. men from both Europe and America, to "Come us let anew" consider the claim of the 'United Sfatp Opened by singing, Bassett. E. Minutes of prayer by Mary against Great Britain 6for damages from the last meeting read, corrected and 'apBritish vessels on the coastHuHng the civil new members Names of taken. war. proved., It was decided that Great Britain The program for the meeting was carried to the should pay United States out by several of the ladies giving the At that timethe national $15,500,000.00. to been debt had necessary qualifications enablejforeigners considerably lessened, the to become voters in the United States, United States had greatly of the products which disclosed the fact that in about six- increased, and American manufactures were "teen of the states, aliens . could vote with competing with England in the markets of out having declared their intention of be the world. The population had gradually moved westward until Ohio became the coming citizens, by conforming to the laws ' of either of those states which do not re centre. In 1872, Grant was President, .quire that voters should be naturalized. ' Several with Henry' Wilson, of Massachusetts, speeches were made by ladies as who did not .....emov taxation,' without j In 1876, the Territory of Colorado was representation, and the Universal Sentiment admitted as a State. As early as ,1866 seemed to be that if they ever did get the Prof." John X. Campbell of Wabash Colfranchise asrain ( which we have full faith that we will do thev would not be so lege, proposed an appropriate centennial celebration, wrhich subject was also discussed particular about voting for parties, as they Xouissa Jones. by other leading meii, but nothing definite would for men: The ladies then listened cause. was accomplished toward that object until with much attention, to the matchless pro the spring of 1871, when the House of auction, "Oh! my Father" by that great THE OF RECONSTRUCTION THE Representatives passed a bill providing that exponent of woman's rights Eliza R. Snow, GOVERNMENT. an exhibition of American and foreign arts, beautifully rendered by Bro,, Thomas products and manufactures should be held Ash worth with- - piano accompaniment. under the auspices of the- government in Cojicluded. For an enmrBro Ash worth irave two the city .of Philadelphia in 1876. Time other songs after which a vote of thanks be- unfortunate the controversy wTill not admit of our entering into the de- During were given him, and the'' meeting stood admc tween the rresiuenr. ana ongrc, iuc uiidm.idi uiuiluiuo iiiuuzjcu, journed until the third Tuesday in Feb., at work of reorganization had been going tans ui item must be mentioned, and that one but the-- same .time and place, which concluded steadily, on. Seven ot tne disorganized is that Congress positively refused twice to one of the most delightful meetings the StatesNorth and SoutlTCarolina, Georgia, Mrs! McCune Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana and Texas appropriate one cent for the Centennial association has ever had. has ilkindly thro wn open her beautiful had ratified the amendment, complied, with Exposition, but states, cities, schools, and individuals entered into the spirit of the parlors, with ample room for all, in which the recmirement of Congress and taken exhibition,' and after the President had exwe hope the ladies will feel a renewed their Union. the of States revived as places tended a cordial invitation' to foreign un- interest in meeting together and contributnot was perfected But the reorganization nations to participate in an international C .1 i my iuc exhibition , and some of them contributed ing to make the association a grand success. til 1872, when on me 23m vi If... C. C. R. WELLS, Sec. pro tem. three remaining states took tneir places, thousands of dollars therefor, Congress also filling every seat in Congress lor - tne nrsc became enthused with the subject, and voted r .1 ii... BEAVER CO. W. S. A. time since the disruption in 1861. - appropnauon uir t me 101 me p5J5,uju ot in congress Before the adjournment erection of a building in honor of the Editor Exponent the Senate ranneaan iuiuuiwul utacj United States, etc., and finally a further "apMfW rinW. establishing- mutual .and equal made to The Beaver County Woman's Suffrage and propriation of $1,500,000 was education travel, of trade, for the success make up the amount required Association held their annual for the orivileges auu ouuw ,betwee of the Exposition, which was estknated toi election of o&cers Feb, 16, 1894. religion . -- - . 1 . . '. . are-Pr- . : est, , -- - , ... re-electe- Vice-Preside- d nt. - - 1 a:k,,: -- - . Ts - ; uw ine.-un- Friday, . , : 