WOMAN'S EX PON K NT HAD I THE POWER. 147 " Our sins and 'twillTeach us so plain, How to cast from us all that is evil, And teach us to do but the right That instead of. acsigh, sing a song V And instead of the darkness, a light! meetings in Glenwood. From Glenwood to Vermilion holding meeting at 10 a. m. May 10 and thence to Aurora,1 meeting, convening at 3 p. in. the same day Remained in Aurora over night, and' next morning, ZlNA C WALKER. May 11, held meeting in Redmond.r : Meeting. convened at Salina at 3 p m. Return-led-t- o INTERESTING TOUR IN SEVIER. Richfield Saturday May 12. Sister Freeze "Ireturning' home tpVSalt Lake City. Editor Exponent: The remarks at Glenwood by President 7 Freeze were particularly interesting. She ' On Saturday May 5, Sisters Mary Freeze d welt on the trials of the sisters in anu Minnie plural arrived here in Rich- j.now and how in the Lord by trusting neia lor the purpose of attending the meet marriage we might be able to overcome , ourselves. 4ings ol the Y. .L M. I. A; of the Sevier stake oi Zion. The force of instruction Instructed us to be humble and do away with our pride. Through our trials we given by the ladies above named was treat- be drawn nearer to 'our Father. mg.upon the subjects of virtue and chastity. might President Freeze expressed herpleasure and me counsels erven were indeed choice, at surprise seeing so many beautiful, as well timely Shd beneficial arid a eood time in as intelligent young ladies in this Stake of ; ; 7 general was enjoyed ' Un Monday May 7. a special meeting was Zion. A general good time was enjoyed, held in Elsinore by the sisters of the Relief the sisters meeting with kindness and hosin all of their travels. boqety, Sister Minnie J. Show having re- patility Christena Cellars, Sec. turned to Salt Lake City. Present on the stand, President Mary Freeze, President E. Bean, Counselor Thirza Thurber and SecRECEPTION TO MISS WILLARD. Christena retary Cellars, sisters of the ON THE STREET. Elsinore ward, Bishop Jensen and others. Miss Frances E. Willard will be in I walked on the city's busiest street, Remarks were made by President E. 'Bean, Boston on Tune 23. and a reception and who gave good instruction. President ilary breakfast will be given her by the W. C. . While thinking perchance some one to meet, Freeze addressed the congregation, dwelt T. U., oh that day, at the Veudome, at 12 Among youths and maidens, women and men, on the subjects of faith and hope, referred O'clock; Gen. Neal Dow, Mrs. Mary A. That might a hrnd to my own extend, to the Christians of former days and of the Livermore, Rev. Joseph Cook, Mrs. S. S. Or find some ctie, at le a stt who might say, "Glad to meet you! How are you today?" great work that rested upon us as a people Fessenden, Henry B. Blackwell and others So I pushed thro! , 'mid the great whirling throng, .to redeem our dead, said that the glory of have been invited to make addresses. ' It With quick eager glance, strode "swiftly God had, burst forth upon Zion. We have will be a great affair, with orchestral and alog Most intensely scanning each formand face, great cause to rejoice and thank the Lord vocal music and fine speaking. for the privilege we have to be on the In order to bring it within the reach of all That thereby one familiar I might trace, earth at this favored 'period, gave much Miss Willard' s many friends, the tickets And exchange greetings in the old way. "How are you? Glad to see you today!" good instruction to the sisters and words of. have been plaped at $1 . For sale at the There were vigorous strength, and feeble old age, encouragement and asked4hat many of the Woman's Journal Office, and at the W. C. All conditions, and races, engaged 7 blessings of God be with us all the day T. U. Headquarters, 1 7 1 Tremout Street. In making their way along on the street, long. Admonished us to listen to the ; Some minds on chances of gain, or defeat, whisperings of the Holyr Spirit and be care NOTES AND NEWS. ful to obey. Prayed God to bless us in all Some homesick may be, longing to say, . of our callings. Counselor Thirza Thurber "Glad to meet you, old friends todaylV Mrs. A". R. Temple is president of the Forward and, backward, thro' the grand highway, had enjoyed the meetings very much, en of Lexington, dorsed the remarks of the sisters. Bore her First National Bank, Streamed a vast concourse all the long day, Miss Temple is Some moving joyously, smiling, and glad, testimony to the truth of this work. D welt Nebraska, and on the subject of caring for our young, we Many more wearily, tired and sad, should guard them from the evils that sur Men, women and children, passed as in play 7 waite, of De Pere, round them. Bishop Jensen was pleased J Miss Marie 0anjtii None to me said, "How are you today?" examination as an ex with the meetings, endorsed the remarks of Wis., has passed Pity the lonely wherever they are, before the musical jury appert drummer the speakers. Remarks by Brother BroadIn any place, no matter where Thomas. She is only Theodore pointed by band. instruction He the of for good solace and appreciated home, hungry Pining eight years old. the sisters. in voices kind by given of friendly tone, Greeting The ladies held meetings at Joseph Ciy The trustees of the estates of Lady How they'd rejoice, if some one would say. at 2 p. in. and 10 a. in. A meeting also Henry Somerset are petitioning the courts 'Glad to meet you! How areL.youM.today," in Monroe, May 8. The remarks of Presifor an injunction to restrain her from closHewlings. v dent E. Bean at Joseph City are worthy of ing all the saloons on her property, which ; mention. Sister Bean bore her testimony she is seeking to do. LIFE'S GUIDING STAR. to the truth of this work, spoke of the Dr. Sarah Hackett Stevenson remercy of our Heavenly Father. Said we ceived the In each life there's a bright guiding star, degree of Doctor of Science, last would be able to resist all evil if we were That teaches the soul of mankind, from the University of Pennsylvania. faithful, hoped the young sisters would be week, conferred To be honest and stand at the bar at the same time upon careful and not grieve the Holy Spirit and It was Of Justice and Prudence to bind William T. Harris and all would be well. Dwelt on the blessings Prof. John Fiske, Our good deeds in life close together, and advantages that might be derived from Gov. Pattison. i To shut out all evil and sin the practice of plural marriage. We should The Countess of Aberdeen made about To be cheerful through dark, stormy weather the life. Instructed and a live holy pure from the Irish village at the And seek the reward he may win. sisters to be careful of .themselves and be $100,000 World's Fair. It will be used to promote Should he list to its dictates forever thankful for all our privileges, advised domestic industry among Irish peasants. from evil, Give heed to its "still and small voice," mothers to arcltlieir-daughte- rs sever could we the from The wrong right At the convention of the State Federaand daughtersto honor their parents, The heart and the soul )vould rejoice. tion of Woman's Clubs of Massachusetts, prayed the Lord to help and bless us. ReTis true that in life, disappointment, marks verKmade by Sisters Thurber, in annual session at Marlboro, recently, From Monroe the the reports showed 718 women's orgahiza-- , Oft sinks and depresses the mind Freeze 'and Cellars. lions in the Commonwealth, with a total Of man, but in life there's an ointment. sister Traveled to Annabella holding a meetat membership of 50,000. If these 50,000 As healing as balmy and kind. ing at 3 p. nl., also a meeting was held d women had votes, Inverury at 5 p. m., making three meet- intelligent, 'Tis Jesus deep pity and blessing, power they would be! They ings in one day. The party then returned thiulwhat a the That gives a reward for all pain; politics of the Stated to Richfield and at 10 a. m. May 9, held could purify The star,as it guides, we're confessing , Dear love of mine, Had I the power i To grant thee all thy heart desires, It would be thine: AVcre't jewels rare, or golden treasure, Or fame's bright crown, or love's full measure to which thy soul aspires, Aye, 'Twould be my joy, on thee to shower Dear love of mine, Had I the pow'r! ' f 7 Dear heart of mine I have no pow'r . f To give thee joy, or fame, or dower, ' ' Else 'twould be thine But, O! could the blue birds bonny wing Waft thee the song, I fain would sing, It would stir your soul with subtlest thought As a wjg- - poem in sunshine wrought, Whisper the love in my heart this hour That will be thine - 7 Beyond the clouds And after time Have I the pow'r.. ' 'Ed,ahoo. - ' . ' -- 1 - " ..... : . i 1 . ! i ; - - after-dinn- k er j - vice-preside- . nt. . , 1 - .. 1 j . high-minde- - 1 