WOMAN'S u. w. p. c. ferster v THULlub met at JJr. Shipp's Office dn thcevemn of April 2SU1; an extra large1 number of ladies 111 attendance. The roll EXPONENT. 135 V ilkey represented First Ward of Uirwe11 Sister Umstenson Levan branches,Mona;. all being in excdleut condition. Meetings were well attended and a unity of feeling existing in- .Relief Society Conference, March 16. 1894, President Mary Pitchforth presiding. Sang, "Praise ye the LordA' Prayer by Brother Sperry. VMy God the spring of call was responded to with choice quota all my joys. ' " lder John L. Nuttall was tionsTrom the poets. Ella W. read' Hyde the first speaker. Had become very much a paper which she 'had prepared, on the -- Singing ;iear not, I am with thee." interested in the Relief Society in all its "Life and work of John Howard Payne " J3y the suggestion of President stakes and branches. Explained the new", Pitchforth. author of the old but ever touching "Homo bister -- S. A. Cazier offered an inspired organization of the ; Relief Society, said Sweet HornedAn", original -- poenT prayer in behalf of Sister Udall. a Sister churchy organization, the same church, entitled, "Fickle April,: wasread by Ruth Udall having left the to bethe same lars and the same sisters; spoke appear M. Fox, who was also the author Olea fore the commissioners.---meeting ( ' of the energy of President Young in these ' Shipp favoredthe club x with music. Counselor Hannah Jones referred to the societies dwel at some length on the duties Dr. K. B. Ferguson read a very able and prayer offered Sister of by officers she the Cazier, and was members of the Society, ' scholarly paper on the subject of truly inspired; referred to Sister Wells' also.' on the necessity df storing grain,. Psychology, dealing especially with the speech in the suffrage meeting, had learned Choir sang, Redeemer--ofIsrael Intellect: showing-itseveral division and more' than she had ever known, of. that Minutes of previous meetinglread and subdivisions, the actions and province of association. Was in favor of the associaiv A proved. tins aeparimeni ot sell as distinguished tion, and the rights of women. President Pitchforth then read'" 'the from the other powers of the mind Sister B. E.: Wells of the shadow spoke Eureka yearly report, also a letter from the " The second part of this subject, assigned that had fallen on our meeting the through president of the Levan branch, represento Miss G. Woodmansee, was carried over arrest of Sister ldall. Sister Zina the Levan Ward in good condition, Young for one month by request. Mrs. A. E. had sent her love to the. sisters, would verv. ting of the energy of the sisters and their Bennion followed with a' lecture on the. ' much like to have leen with them, desired spoke taithful felt it a privilege to bear 'Will.": Explained the importance of the the sisters to cultivate the spirit of faith, testimony,labors, to the truth of this wprk, hoped position which it occupies in the mental read the l ectures on Faith in the Doctrine that the Lord would accept our repentance economy. By way illustration, the and Covenants, advised that practice to be for what we have failed to do in the past lady refered to the benefit the world his introduced in all the branches of the Relief and be merciful to us in the future. reaped from the persistence or wilt of Society. Not any of us were safe without Sister Wilkey represented First Ward and Columbus.and other discoverers and inven- faith, we always need It.'" Spoke of the Sister Udall Second War& of Nephi as being As examples of tliose possessing good that had been wrought for' Zion, the in excellent couditionr a tors. unity of wonderful jeilt- power she lkmedPatrick benefits of the Salt Lake Temple and how1 existing with officers and members. feelings Henry, Joseph Sraithp Brlgham Young much good had been done there, referred to foundation." Singing. "How firm and among .our intimate friends, E. B. the storing of grain, also the respect shown Counselor was Bigler very much interested Wells, Dr. E. R. Shipp and bthers. How tome bait Lake Choir in attending the in listening to the reports, alsathe speakers; would they have succeeded without this World's, Fair, had been very much infelt that we were, truly blessed of the Lord was terested in the reports of the sisters.' Urged at all times. Counselor Tones 'snirl her power? Mrs. C. Louise Boyclen, who A i i. ...itt. it.. i..r them to cultivate more and greater faith soul pieabeu iu ue wiui uie ciuo again, alter a rejoiced in the blessings orGod to this in midst. our a Sang, Prayer Doxology. recitation, entitled, long absence, gave people, felt that all the branches in the Tuab "The Old Church Organ," as told by a by Brother Hartley,adjourned until 2 p. m. Stake were filled, with the same spirit, spoke Afternoon Session: President Pitch- - of the growth of the soctiey, and the in-- , yankee; rendering it in her well remembered and pleasing manner. Pearl Russell forth persiding. Singing, "I know that telligeuce of the yoiing. Sister Bryan knew that the work was gave a pretty vocal selection and E. B. my Redeemer lives." . Prayer by President Second Udall Paxman. Sister ' ' represented Wells read a poem, entitled, "Leona. true, wished to live worthy of all the felt of Ward in condition, good Nephi Miscellaneous business was attended to blessings in store for the faithful. The offered in for her the prayers Lord knew how to chastise his people. Jip and the critic wishing to be excused from grateful tne 01 felt influence the had prayer, He always did it in a proper manner: .asked , that task until next month, it was dispensed behalf, been had it testified that answered, the blessings of God upon all present. with, lienediction by Mrs. Z. D, H. faithful. Sister and desired to true Drove President Pitchforth presented the officers Young. Refreshments and discussion fol of in the blessed felt a knowledge of the Juab Stake, which were sustained by Bryan lowed until the time for adjournment. to bless witn God every all, prayed unanimous vote. Elder James Paxman . . 1 rrograme lor May 31st: lecture on .Gospel, our would be lor gooa. said his heart had been made glad to hear "The Feeling," Gladys blessing that Psychology, on some at Sister Wells spoke the excellent reports of the sisters, the length Woodmatisee; Music Lizzie Shipp; Poem, the silk to. sisters the advised work of the Relief Society was a great industry, Dr. E. R. Shipp; Paper on original, and raise cocoons; the sisters hearts were as large as mulberry trees, Theosophy, Dr. R. B. Pratt; members , to plant a dirintion of some of the exhibits. labor, mountains, had nothing but blessings in his respond to roll with sentiments from rope. at the World's Fair, referred briefly to the heart for them; spoke of the good results of Gladys Woodmaxsee, Rec. Sec. women at ot different meetings a lovinir kind influence at home, the cnicago. "He Sister Chappell, responsibility rests upon mothers, your Reading by REPORTS. R. S. mission is at home, let home be iirst," other- willed it so." . President Pitchforth had been very duties after. Spoke of the testimonies of JUAB STAKE. much interested in listening to the remarks the sisters and the. good they had done. Minutes of the Quarterly, Conference of Sister Wells, felt that tne LrOd we worPresident Paxman,- said if we could will protect us in the faith we believe retain what .had been said we should be of the Relief Society of the Juab Stake ship . held in the Nephi . Tabernacle, Dec. 15m, m was tnanKiui iui mc YAfr0truly benefited by coming; referred to the we receive blessiues Pitchforth the presiding:. Relief Society,, said that the bishops had 1883. President Mary A. Cazier, Recitation hvJ bister b. testified to him of the help and comfort the Sang, "Come, dearest Lord, descend and Wherefore and Why," composed by sisters were to them. Spoke on the storing dwell," prayer by.. Counselor Charles of grain, encouraged the storing of corn and Continued by singing, "Come Sister Emily II. Woodmansee. Sherry. to of have was nleased beans as Brother Nuttall had previously thou desire of all thy Saints,' minutes nMont referred to it, thought that the articles of Conference read and approved. Sister Wells with us to explain so mieue, faith instructed by Sister Young: to be read President Pitchforth, in her openingad-dressmmcn. in each society would be of great beuifit to frt thP Z.UC lllUUSUy. itit prayed" that the Spirit of God might that us, spoke in praise ot tne omcers ot .tne rest upon her, as also those assembled lime wuuiu vuwkJcArl of here. :n, Spoke society, the. Lord was with them at all . every word might be dictated thereby. tne ..vfinTK of God m many ways weto times to sustain thenTanJ))uild them up. Spoke at some length. on the advancement Concluded bv savincr may the Lord pour and how full of gratitude $f the young, was very much interested in his poor . withnnd n; out his blessings upon all." After sinerine uuu tr hf the young ladies and gentlemen of Nephi; should be, pra)ca nA and prayer conference adjourned for three asked the" blessings of God on all present, seal upon our neans wudi uou months that at the close of our conference we can Charles Bro. 5l.?i.5,.f KoiVi'on bv " " say it is good to have met together. Sang,- a propnci, Eixen L. G0U)Sbrougii, Sec. Salva"Now let us rejoice in; the day of Sperry. " tion." ;i'" - . It-i- " s - " ; -- . , - 1 : 1 ; . mm' m ... . ' J p - JTs. 1 mt !- - sf- aiaii mr ' the-las- - A P-ivm- t -- -- -- ' 1,1 - .4 " -- ' - s' " , . . 