WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 80 without speaking 'os it. I am so troubled and Ashamed of it among our preachers. I leel mat thev are actually aerainst . us mothers who are trying to teach bur boys to not use it." t Miss Marcia P. Brown, formerly prin cipal of the Maplewood School, in Maiden, Mass., came home last September, from a five y ears "absence in Brazil. She was ap to pointed by the Brazilian Government Ti.-at l. i :i ii examine me scxiooi exuiuiuun ai tuc World's Fair and to inquire thoroughly into the workings of the school systems in the. United- States, Germany, France and Portugal. The purpose of the Brazilian government js to institute a model system of schools in'Rio San Paula. Miss Brown is a member of the State Board of educa tion ot ban raula, the only lady that has ever served on the committee. She is the principal "of the teachers in the training school at San Paula, appointed by the Government when Brazil became a republic in 1889, and while she was interested in missionary work. After two years she gave the missionary work up, and accepted the position at the training schools, which she still fills. ' f . , righteous." j Weep not for her who has gone before, For she loved you all so dear, Her life was short, but her record great For one so young in years. " Florence has left us but is not dead For the righteous, death shall not taste Surely that life was a righteous one, Who sought all to save ere 'twas to late. I would that all who's summons came .J Were as well prepared to go, Whose mission was so near complete Whose name was spotless like the snow . ' V 1 . . in 1836, was married in 1843 to William Arm- , Safe beyond the powers of Satan Free from suffering sin and woe; Yet prepared to dwell with Angels Will assist in saving those below. Jane S. Coleman, President. Teasdale Utah, Dec. 8th, . i A SAD DEATH. : Our newly organized Stake of Wayne Co. is now caused to mourn, for one of its bright active officers, Florence M. Williams, daughter of Mary Coleman and Sylvester Williams and grandaughter of our esteemed: Stake President, of Relief Society, Jane S. Coleman; she departed this life Nov. 17 1893, of typhoid fever, aged 15 years one month and seven days. The circumstances connected with her death make it sad indeed. Her father has been dead something over a year, and at the time of her death, her mother and four of her brothers and sisters were very low withTthe same fever, besides buryi m V l Vt r ti r r tifftci Mtar .fntA nrAalrc before she was taken sick. She prayed earnestly that her life might be spared, and desired the brethren, when a special fast was called for the family, to pray specially for her that she might live, to comfort her mother, and help raise her brothers and sisters. She had great faith in the Priesthood, the Elders remaining by her side for several days administering, and for her comfort, but she was called to finish her mission in the spirit world she had so nobly begun on earth. She was always willing and ready to do every thing required of her, and so bright and cheerful about it, that it was a pleasure to see her, indeed she was a choice spirit sent to elevate and refine all those with whom she associated. From time to time she was promoted to higher callings she never forsook the primary, but always Attended, assisted in singing, making programmes etc. bringing rays,of sunshine with her presence. For some years she was secretary of the Sunday School, also assisted in keeping the Ward record was counselor to the Y. L. M. I. A., and last May was promoted to Stake Secretary to the Society and young" Presidency 4of Relief ... though : : was cunipciciii. mcvciy icspci; il. liic spuuuamy of her nature being highly developed. With the presidency of the Relief Society visited , every settlement in the Stake, doing her part in the organizing of new branches, as well as those already organized.. I thought while on that trip, as her pencil would fly over the paper, surely President Coleman was inspired to choose her for she would be a power in Zion some day, and so she will, with the knowledge she gained. while , " IN 1893. MEMORIAMv ! Agnes Smith Armstrong was born in in theyear 1818. Joined the Church - . and was very zealous and took great interest In it, although she labored under great disadvantages, she produced some, of the finest cocoons in ytah. For about 4T "years she was unable to lie down to rest and was obliged to use crutches for 15 years, when in i3SvS she went to the MantP Temple and received blessings therein and from that time discarded her crutches and could lie down and enjoy her rest, bhe was a woman of great faith, no sacrifice was thought too much for the kingdom. S. A. Peterson. on earth, and the perform' of her duties in the bar her spirit world, where no weak flesh will will be progress, her powers of righteousness felt by all those who have the happy privilege of associating with her, 'Sweet is the death of the A correspondent of the Methodist. Advocate says: am in full sympathy with our church government in every particular, except that it does not prohibit our ministers using tobacco. Am I too harsh? If so, it is because I have seen so much of the evil thing at this large assembly of ministers. T do believe the wheels of our. Zion are clogged with old tobacco worms, smoke and embers. I wish I had not mentioned this, but I cannot ?rite . Died October 31, in Ogden, Utah, of dropsy Sister Maria L. B. Goodale, widow of the late Elder Isaac N, Goodale,. aged 65 years four months and eight days. Deceased was born in Littleton, Grafton, Co., New Hampshire on the 23, of June 1828. In 1836 she with her parents removed to Far West, Mo., and in i837vshe was baptized into the church of Jasus Christ of Latter-Da- y Saints, thus sharing in all the drivings and persecutions to which the church was sub jected. She arrived in Salt Lake City September 19, 1847. On January 17, 1849 she was united in marriage witn Isaac in. oooaaie, ana in IC33 sne with her husband rernoved to WeberpD. and settled in Ogden City. She was the mother of thirteen children, four of whom, with her husband, have preceded her to the spirit world. She was a faithful wife and loving mother and a friend to the poor and needy, many of whom have great cause to cherish hefjmemory for the service she has rendered them. She joined the Fourth Ward Relief Society at its organization which took place January 18, 1870 and was at that time called to be a teacher of the same, which office she faithfully filled until June 27, i5i when sne was cnosen. second counselor in the society, which position she also honorably filled till death removed her from our midst and she was called by our Heavenly Fatherto more extended usefulness in a higher sphere. Farewell dear sister! thou art gone From earth with all it3 strife; ; Thy labors ended. Restfin Peace; 1 hou hast won eternal Life. ResolvecL that while ;We feel thf Hppnpr Qnrrniir in the loss of our member, yet we know that our loss is ner gam.ana we tneieiore Dow submissively to the will, of him who doeth all thincrc wpII and say "Thy will O Lord, not ours be done." Resolved, that we cherish her memorv mti1at and strive to carry out in our - lives her virtues . t ner motneriy counsels, wnich were so wise in temporal as well as spiritual things. v Resolved, that we extend our heartfelt familv. to the bereaved th tn esnpriallv' J MJV JJ daughters.-whso lovinHv tended thpir mtUor during her months of sickness, and who still need mai wuijon iiiv,n d Uiuuici cllUUC tail glVej Uiat one coov of these resolutions he. them, and a copy be entered on the record of our and a copy be sent to the Woman's Society fsT7 . strong. In 1848 she with her husband and two children emigrated to America, locating in St. Louis, Mo., at this place she buried her husband and four children. In 1855 she came to Utah locating in Salt Lake City until 1858, "she came to Ephraim, Sanpete Co, where she resided until the time of her death, which occured Dec. 9th She leaves three children and eleven 1893. grandchildren. Mother worked hard to support herself and children teaching school for over twenty years. When the Relief Society was organized in 1869, she was chosen secretary, which place she occupied until the 'time, of her death; for the Society she worked with affenergy and faithfulness which is a credit to her memory. Mother had many friends, but those who knew her best loved her most., Sincerely. Helen E. Armstrong. . "Do our sons in the law schools rise from their studies of the invidious statutes and opinions of jurists in regard to women with a higher respect for their mothers? By no means. Every, line of the old common law of, England on which the American system of jurisprudence is based, touching the interests of women, is, in a measure, responsible for the wrongs she suffers today. " The Roman Catholic college of St. Francis Xavier has just opened its doors to women. DUNFOED'S Will Bell you any Shoe In their Mammoth Store at actual FACTORY COST PRICE. Commencing: Monday, January 29th and continuing for 30 days. - X3IV"X ; m a sym-oath- r VTrVXTlTikt" - . J- .THOMAS 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st SouthSt, SALT LAKE CITY. , The, Leading Retail G ash House .THO MAS niV.l...nl.'u MariannaStratford, President, Nellie BEECROFTSecretary. OBITUARIES.' . Ane Elizabeth Tensen inJiaien Veile Petrr Denmark- - September 28, T : l8iq. She was hantirpH Orf. t to Utalrand has ever been a faithful Latter-da- y Saint She died Derpmhpr c tRnt Sister Peterson was Dut in as a tparhr Relief Society- at Eohriam shnrtlu " 'j aiiv;i u. It 3 held u and that nnit?rt organization death. She began the silk.work industry in 1875, ... MISS THIS SALE. 57 SOUTH MAIN ST. Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- V ETC. POISE ... WAISTS, Drem Making in allots branches, Millinery, late cleaned and retrimmed styles, Until and Bonnet Feathers curled, etc Stamping: dope to order. But on8 covered while you wait. Burial Suit a SpeeiW TEIHPM5 STREET No. 41 S. WEST illSPP' 9rnA M01 bIes? 