. WO M A N S EX PON ENlT , 8islcr Miranda Hryan grew. "207 must all endeavor ta sustain i vdiu iuc uicsMiiL'b ui God, the angels will smile Upon us and sticks, stronger-.tiyLtyj-ofawrAit- i hi i he gqspdTTcierrtj to the storing of grain and home manufacture, would Ik willing to shoyvauy of the young sisters how to spin; she had very .lirtux;UiiOYC5ti the labor of soinninr ?. rf we "home-mad- e - l(wish Wnmpn was inu reci v rnt ninprmvin f rtif trrpsr AVomeii inLthe i Congress of Representative Columbian year but it has 'already made ' President Faxmah concluded his tn Tw trnlv nf nro2rts and "carpi ; rnnr" $SWS& judging-- n6t only, by the m- which it has oiheers but territory by the 5 bq good1 pr0ftuse5l reiier3ictiou by.lirotnw-ivangle- y ttitjl kno w Jiow value of the. names upon its long official muKe ineir .uusnauas: ana larai ues com Pauey. Conference then adjourned for list. Among them are those already known ' ' - in both lurtable, "when they assumed .that position three mouths; v literary and philanthropic work, as in life, prayed that the Zuvd would Jjlesi'us. well as "probably in the work of their own ;P'llen" L:' Gou)siiiiouGii, Stake Sec. ' that we may. be ' ableto "carry 'out suc- : . church. ' cessful ly every, laudable u ndertaki ng. rL y SODA STRINGS IDAHO. V JBut the National'Council of Jewish WoSister Williams, president of Mona Relief EdjitdP Womahs men, while it is certainly an organization Exponent: in for the furtherance of its own religious branch Society, represented .the good Sister I write At to Liudseys request, condition, were doing all they could in the work; does not confine itself to that in its inform of the of the " . . yon reorganization statement of purpose as set forth in its own ; storing of grain. Relief this at Society place. Sister Christenson, President Levari .Constitution, Article II, as follows, -1 tli, ; 1S94 , T President" Julia On "July-1 7 n" "The purposes of this organization are: 'Relief odetjv repprtedthe-vIexCollins and Counsefors Hart nlet To brin?o about closer relations nmontr celient eonditibii, referred to the storing of IJndsey ' at Soda to the Relief reorganize Springs furnish to Home an and Jewish to desired be Women, Mannfacturcr by grain organic Society. Sister Hannah being uniona of medium communication faithful. and a , oh released of account Jionorably failing means of prosecuting work of common Presiden X' Pi tch forth was m uch- .pleased she had been President of the interest, to further united efforts in behalf of health, with the reports, and the spirit of the sis- society since June 26th, 1879.. Sister RayJudaism by sui)plying means of and ters, the spirit of the times was Home Inmond w;as eighty-onold last March. in behalf of the work of social study, years reform by dustry, felt that we were all willing to obey She has preformed the labors of President the application of the best philanthropic counsel, and do all 111. our power to. perform fnitlifllllv tTif nfFlrvi otir! trio . w. t wliil tir1itir . Li t vA t w m u ii uii our part; gave excellent counsel to omcers ;innt,:mftflfeU; thought." tun. vi .ail ujr f.itt.ii.u luauiwj It can readily be seen.that if, (as has ancl-mbers- society, ad vised all the - members ; of the society, v Sister ady-been that could to attend the General Confer- JDorethea IJau was proven, to the satisfaction of the chosen as UNauimously distinctly religious organizations-i- n memence, that we might partake of the bless- - successor to Sister with Elizabeth Raymond, bership in the Council), such a grand union ings that Would be received therer Choir Rose First and Emma RudcL Second Counof associations as is the National Council of sang, M0. my Father thou tliatdwellest." selors, Louisa Millie Ilorsley Secretary, Ai;ticrnoon session: Brother Charles Campbell, Assistant Secretarr and Matilda Women, advances the interest isof each, then this new Member, which equally Sperry. hadjeenvery much pleased With Ilorsley, Treasurer... . devoted to and the religion, philanthropy, the reports, of the presidents of the diffe" Yours Respectfully, furtherance of true fellowship among its rently ards,. spoke well of the organization Rose. Euzabeth will certainly " find its constituency, of the; sisters, did not know how thp own hands held up in all its own efforts Church could do without them; referred to PRIMARY ORDERViLLE. 111 iuc mici;iioub m wiiieii iLuas Home Manufacture, many things could be the NationarCouhcil begun its raised here that were imported, referred to The people of Orderville assembled at ieeis itseii strentnenea dv tne accession to home-spuclothing oLearly days, was not the hall to .witness the exhibits of the its membership of these earliest Jewish ashamed of his home made apparel, could which Iairs a .was credit to those women with their memories and traditions Primary in it; did not who go into "any society-clothethat over Association. It was' reaching, back i to the time when Miriam ' presided think Ave should have a ''famine here, but a see. the different to T the song for the' deliverance of her grand sight 11 specimens a mubit oe as jpsepn. pir oia.-anprepare of needle work, and all kinds of fancy sang "for "others. work, itwas surprising to see how many triumphs; and herself led them to victory. President Maty Pitchforth desired that things were presented at the fair with such Rachel Poster Avery, , the sisters, all that possibly could, should fine taste and was beyond r that anything subscribe for the ExpONN r and- take the was anticipated. : r": onlv little paper that had .the signs of the DR: HEEMHOLTZ; THE GERMAN Therewasa -- dress cu t SCIENTIST. times, it. was "only little girl niue years old, that would be aJ should be well susJamedJVesident-Pax- credit to older ones. There Were many man rejoiced in the unity of spirit maniDr. Hermamn Eudwig Ferdinand beautiful things made by little lialfds, it fested by the sisters that had reported, felt would be impossible to name them all. von Helmiioetz, the "celebrated German thankful for that spirit, itwas not so in all There was a beautiful selection of fruit for scientist, the searcher , in physics . and places, knew that: the' sisters in this stake the timer of year, and the vegetables made physiology, the acknowledged Edison of had ever sought for counsel, and had been a showinsr. ' There were no animals the Old .World, and the in ventorofajscoxe blessed in their efforts, spokeave revolutionized on but-sotame rabbits which were exhibiledJ-OtJiisiniment:the stonngcfiii1jt Ciiarles" Hardy - Carroll, and a xupfc of the surgery 6t the eye, died recently at by T "tended to by this people, impressed upon Berlin. Mieep w men were greatly- appreciatea by our minds, tile duties required of us, to pay the little ones. There were beautiful cakes Helmholtz was bonijn Potsdam. August our last onenngs, mat tne iavor and blessmade by the little girls; little wagons and 31, 182 1, and at the age of seventeen en- ings of God might rest upon us: ifthisAvas other implements of agriculture. The fair terea tne icoyai ivimiary cjcnooi in jjcrjm attended to itwould sustainrpbgr the and studied medicine there until 1S42. , ' v. . 1 .11 o r,Kcorto i flip .aintc t Professor Helmholtz holds a hih 10 tms require upon ousannau. racKreii. rresiuent; , riiuiuiy in considered medical and scientific circles in Germany Home ment; Industry of the Eliza Faclcrell, First. CounseloV; Kezia utmost importance, the time would come Esplim, Second Counselor; C. "KX and j is famous for his investigations in . when we would be cut off from other reWith' a Committee of Arrangeoptics, acoustics and electricity, which have sources we now had, then "what would bements who were Amelia S. Carroll- - Eibbie established these sciences on a new basis. come of us, if we had nothing to fall back Fackrell, Annie E. Fackrell, who were a The ophthalmoscope is his invention,' ami he was regarded as the founder of modern upon, said ask for home made and see that great help in arranging the things to ad' .. you get it when --making purchases, we vantage. eye surgery. ' would be For several years Herr Helmholtz had CLARISSA WlLHELM. : surprised to know how much of , ' home made there is here in Utah. devoted himself to the study of electricity, He felt just as sure as that we we're all here and his work in this direction was equally as important as his work in other sciences. that we would be cut off from Babylon JEWISH; WOMEN. That he was held in the highest esteem by eventually and we' must prepare for it. The latest accession to the membership scientists, the world over was shown by the Spoke of the Exponent said let us for that paper, that brings the'spirit of the National Council of Women of the statement made by a member of the French of the times, endorsed all that, had been United States is a valuable one though it is Academy during a discussion which involved Professor Helmholtz's admission to a very young organization. said, he was a supporter of home-mad- e .! God will be pleased with us. 1 lis-iroo- d i ; - g?':r - ., lHn-keepcr- "::r ' - . M . ' . : :. .. " . I ; " . ; . - - ; . . ' -- -' . " C5 . - . - e a 4 ot-t- ein v k 11 ' 11 11 .1 - ,;,ro triu:,:K7fln' I I he alre- I -- ' - . -- n - d :e 1 ' 1 1 - " - and-made"b- "aC one-iloHar-a-year- Tand . . . . -- : d - me at-lengt- sv " - r; ' " t-- . 1 . Carroll,-Secretary- ; j -- subscribe " :.' ' . . 