00 WOMAN'S- If. W: P. CLUB., fered by Mrs. Phebe C. Young, and minutes of previous meeting read and approved. The roll was called, members answering to their names by giving the name of a Poet and his masterpiece; 'and a quotation from the same. President E. B. Wells named the Poet Tennyson, and gave quotations from "In Memoriam," and "The Brook." President E. R. Shipp gave( a quotation from Longfellow's "Hiawatha" and Mrs. R. M. Fox from Burns "Prayer." Mrs. Phebe C: Young gave the name of the Poet Willis, and a" quotation from "Absalom. 'j Mrs. C. C. R.Wells from ttT i u. r. TTT1 wnitney s "jroet s rrayer." Mrs, Lucy Clark gave a verse from Eliza R. Snow's "O my Father." Mrs. Ella W. selection was from j. G. Holland's Hyde's 4 'Tribute, to Woman, " from Katnna. Mrs. M. E. Shipp gave a quotation from TT A A 1 -- A t V W II lll. I 111 m 1.. 'I i 11 . r win tix. 1 - 1 1 11 1 George Elliot's "Daniel Deronda." After which, Mrs. Phebe C. Young, gave an interesting account of the first Thanksgiving, held in New England." governor Winston issued the proclamation on account of the destitution of the people at that time, and the relief that came, on the arrival of the May Flower. An instrumental selection was beautifully rendered by Miss Olea Shipp.' Mrs. Lizzie Wilcox and Mrs. C. C. R. Wells made some remarks, continuing the subject of Thanksgiving and spoke upon the present situation. Mrs. R. M. Fox recited the poem "A Woman's Question' ' from Elizabeth Browning. Mrs. Anderson from Provo sang very sweetly, "Life's Lesson." Mesdames Lucy Clark and M. E. Shipp gave interesting accounts of their trip to the World's Fair. "The "Hiawatha7,,- was read in a very pleasing manner by Miss Ellis Shipp. A letter was read from Mrs. M. A. Y. Grec lhalgh, expressing re- - Famine." from Lonrfellow-- s coming year. In consequence of he absence of several of the members, )n account of the political meeting being held on that evening it was decided that the program for . the next meeting would be the same that was , the last meeting, as it had not arranged been earned out, with the- - addition of an account, by President E, B. Wells, of her visit to Whittier, and a recitation, by Mrs. Nellie C. Taylor. Meeting adjourned for one month. Benediction by Mrs. Lizzie Wilcox. Refreshments were served, and the usual pleasant chat followed, during which time Miss Olea Shipp favored the club with music. Ella W. Hyde, Asst. Rec. Secy. "for - - PARTY AT SANDY Thursday evening at eight, Dec. 14th. e, nt . society members. . the.fionor bestowed upon her. The even-inwas well spen t in speeches and dancing. ot many Refreshments, consisting delicacies were served to the guests, by the young ladies present, and a general good feeling animated all. Harriet Wilson, First Coun. Hilda Larson, Secretary - A few verses were composed and read on the fwfl;inti hv hi aa Larson, wuicu ui substance presented the good wishes and tender affection of the sisters towards their beloved President and also in appreciation of the good work conscientiously performed by her since she had presided over the Society, and desiring that she might still stand at the head of that organization and the Societv Drosoer and each one. officers and members might affectionately labor to gether in love unitedly for the best and highest good of all in deeds of charity and benevolence, Ed. 5 THE RECONSTRUCTION OF THE GOVERNMENT. ... arrest. But though Davis and others were afterwards captured no punishment wa ever inflicted upon them. Let it be recorded to the honor of the American nation or the victorious party in the Civil War lhat though they came off conquerors, they manifested no disposition to put their foot on the neck of the vanquished and keep it there, but from the first surrender of General Lee, and all through the work of reconstruction of the government, they manifested a desire to. be charitable and to establish peaceable and friendly relations between the two parties. Altho it was necessary for several years, until the work of reconstruction was finished, to keep the South under military law. The severest punishment inflicted upon the South was the giving of the elective franchise to the colored - population, making them equal with their former masters. It has been said that the Civil, War of America was more extended in area and more destructive of life and property, than in nisiory. it is any otner recoraea estimated that one million nien were sacrificed, that the burden of the nation in loss and debt was $6,000,000,000, and that it gave freedom to about 4,000,000 slaves. After the terrible convulsions produced by the war, the powers ot the government took stp5 to" bring about a reorganization, political, social. and industrial. It was a critical period of the nation's history, and required a master mind to stand at the head. It was not long before the . On the day of General Lee's surrender, referred to in the last paper, President Lincoln, who, had been in the vicinity of Richmond, returned to Washington and on the 11 th of April, 1865, he issued a proclamation demanding for U. S. vessels in foreign ports those privileges and" immunities which had been denied them during the war, on the plea of giving equal people became con vincedthatlhose neces belligerent rights to the Republic and her sary elements of character to bring about the results desired were not possessed by internal enemies. And on the day following an order was issued from the War President Johnson; indeed his administra Department stopping all drafting of recruits tion forms a lamentable page in our nation's for the National army and the purchasing history. Almost immediately after, taking of munitions and war supplies, thus the reins of government he took issue with making a move towards the speedy renewal Congress, usurped its authority, and showed of interrupted commerce, and a restoration conclusively that though he had been of peace. The people of the nation," elf cted by the Republican rejoicing that the war was ended, began party, his sympathies wTere with the South, making preparations for a grand National and he worked and ruled in the interests of the Confederates. Early in the year 1865, Thanksgiving, when suddenly the plannnews was the over ing telegraphed country Congress adopted the XIII amendment to that the President had been assassinated in the Constitution, which was as follows: a theatre m Washington, bv an actor "Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, named John Wilkes Booth, on the 14th of except as a punishment' for crime, whereof April, 1865; the . murderer, after shooting the party shall have been duly convicted, ine rresiaent, jumped on the stage and shall exist within the United States, or anyshouted "The South is avenged," escaped place subject to their jurisdiction," through a back door and fled into Virginia. The President opposed" this, his plan being; He was overtaken below Fredericksburg to restore to the Confederate States their and refusing to surrender, was shot by former position in the Union, without any President provision for securing to the freedmen the fcergeant ; Boston Corbett. Lincoln died on the morning of the 15th." right to the exercise of citizenship, and he His body was taken to his home in Springlabored secretly and uriderhandedly for 111. field, , and buried with all due honors. that object. It was well for the nation that Six hours after his death, Andrew Johnson, there were many loyal, honest and dethe took the oath of office as termined men in the Congress who would President of the United States, which was stand firm to their convictions of justice administered by Chief Justice Chase. It and right, notwithstanding the President's was believed by many that the, assassinaMeasures had been going on opposition. tion of Ihe President was only part of a h for perfecting 'peaceful relations among the laid scheme to murder the members of whole deep of the Republic, but it the Cabinet, General Grant and other made people veryr unsatisfactory progress, as the prominent Republicans, as on the same President would veto nearly every bill evening a murderous assault was made uppassed by Congress, and they would then on Secretary Seward by an reconsider it and pass it over his veto by a soldier. It was a night of horrors at the Matters even went so majority capital, and President Johnson and Mr. far that there was a convention held at Hunter, the Assistant Secretary of State, Philadelphia on the 14th of August, 1866, issued a proclamation declaring that a of the insurrectionists, their object being to conspiracy had been formed by Jefferson form a new party, with President Johnson Davis and many other rebels and traitors as their leader; but there was such a discoragainst the goverment for the assassination dant there that the scheme utterly of the President and Secretary of State, and failed.element ' Soon after that another convention offering a reward of $25,000 a piece for their was held the composed of loyal men from - . m m . Vice-Preside- nt KJ Vice-Preside- nt, -- A very pleasant party met at the Ward-housin honor to of the Relief Society Mrs. W. Olsen, before her leaving for a short time, to visit relatives and friends at Grantsville. Those assembled were members of the Society, with Bishop Jensen and Counselors and other friends.; A purse was presented to her with a sum over $20.00 given by the our-Preside- EXPONENT. g The U. W. P. Club "met at Dr. E. R. Shipp's office Dec. 30th, 193. President E. R. Shipp in the chair. Prayer was of. "V - She felt very happy for ate two-thir- ds , 