(he Savior's life for an example; Brother Wossencroft fully endorsed the proceedings 'of the class. Sister Susa Gates. Brother Oscar Young and others spoke a short time. ... l: t.A.,.M a wuu 'rt ine congregation sang , iucic a lit.,1 that is fairer than dayZk Benecjiction , Brother Boyer. The con- ference adjourned for 6ne year. the large amount of Italian dagos who are being brought ththis Country who are taking the work from honest workmen. Utah is likely to become a state and should go in on the platform of Equal Suffrage.- Ruth M. Fox read an excellent piece showing the equality of sex from 4le Bible. President MacFarlane showed, from, the Bible many instancesvherc destruction had come from not respecting; women. We r like strong, true reliable men; let us as j sociate with no other. Adjourned until ';, July; Benediction M. Ei Irvine. M. E. Irvine, Sec. l,!ira.ll Cotomendng May Slst TnUns betwepn Salt Lake and Garfield at '. will run m follows: ... -- ;.v i '. enjoyable uvffair, aj Arrive Salt Lake: 12:40 p. m. ' " H:Qi) Lake: a. xn. J y"' 10:20 - " 2;00 p. m. " " 3:00 tC:30 ; ; , SmM 7: !5 t , - Leave " ' l!E(1l TI!.1IS. Dull j except G:10 V&tty " . tlO.10 : " 3 Sunday. c 4:40 except Monday. Olsen's Orchestra in attendance every has been a long time 'perhaps, since afternoon and evening.Faro round trip 50c. you have heard any thing from this little &U, U.Clark, D. E. BURLEY town and it may not be out of place to say Oliver W, Mink, Gcm. Aor. Pass. Dpit, Receivers. E. Anderson, Ellety E. that Mrs. Louisa Sanders, ;Mrs. Mary John W. Doanev Mrs. Eunice Bleak Sanders arid Frederic ILOoadert. Marble, MRS. S0RENS6N'S CLASS. X Mrs. Helena Kempe Naegle, were appointed committee to get up a surprise, which The Woman's Reform class iftet in con atook the 19th of May, to , place here on & Gi F. ference at' the .meeting house at 10 a. m.v celebrate the birthday of the I wife of pur Friday, in Provo. Sister Hannah Sorensqn Manufacturers of Sister Olena Bishop C. I. Kt&npe. worthy , presiding. Kempe who is counselor iiij the Kelief Sister Keeler made the opening address. Society and President,:, of the Primary.:' She was pleased to see the interest taken in" Sister Kempe being absent the sisters this great work. This sMss started with thought to surprise her when she returned And t A 8PII altum V a iinisiieI only twenty members, now there are about at dusk) all was still,' she openetl the door that many associations. She felt to give of her beautiful parlor and was greeted ' , DEALERS IN them all a hearty welcome, and prayed God with a loud burst of music and, song. She Window Glassy Paints, Oils Brushes. to aid those who were called upon to take stood. transfixed wijth astonishment. -. part. Bishop Kempe called the house to order of the were presidents given by Reports and offered up a fervent prayer. The youngf. L UBMCATINCx OILS. the five l permanent organizations Lehi,, ladies' sang, "Oh my father, thou that Sister Standring; -- Pleasant Grove, Sister dwellest." i; ??V READY MIXED PAINTS Eliza. Brown Springville, Sister Hafen; and Diamond Wall Finish. f Kempe stepped ibrwaird and said Bishop Provo, Sister Mecham: 'American Fork,-Sist- er the. young people all liked novels and: he Clark. ; The work of Spanish Fork would tell them one, he then related the 19 COMMERCIAL AVENUE, and Pay son were reported by Sister Soren-seof his wife, her conversion early history Salt Lake Citv; Utah. and to our faith, and her trials,! and troubles in there being in attendance sixty-on- e forty four respectively. Out side of the leaving her parents,and her wealthy home in regular- work, Sister Sorensen has intro- -' Norwayher native country. A few lines duced a class for young girls, between the were then read composed by Mrs. M. P. ages of ten and fourteen, instructions be jug Killian telling of Sister Kempe's many given on Hygiene, Morals anoIaners, virtues, describing her worth arid goodness, ' etc., suitable to their ages and ability. her kindness to the poor and needy, and to 26, 230and32 East 1st SoirthSt., A hymn was sung by the congregation me sick ana sunenag. after which a very creditable paper on A song1 was then sung by Misses Minnie SALT LAKE CITY. .".. 3 TT ii"! Tl"11 : t "Social Purity" was read by Sister Stand-rin- g ana name uiiDy. Amines were jeaa com- of Lehi. Following this was an essay posed, by Miss Maggie Green. MrsV Kempe Reform.". Brown and on "Woman Eliza by maae a lew remarss ana weicomea tne The Sister1 Rose Hayes from Pleasant Grove 1 Mrs. to E. home. her Pulsipher influence." company spoke a short time on ' 'pre-nataon t let mother do it.' sang, JJaugiiter Dr. Noyes 'expressed himself as being in A recitation by Miss AunaGreen. A sonf, this work. Congregation sympathy nvitlj by Mrs May PulsjrJrierTOrganist. Mrs. E. the After the ' 'Over worked. ' ' Doxology. adjournment sang Sanders read a an visitors repaired to the Tabernacle where Miss O. S. Kempe and George Cheney i nformal lunch was partaken of. vvnat snail the harvest be. ' un, sung, iL- - Cl l. V J! T.. xi large auaience was present in me aierInstrumental music by G. H. Kiljian and V noon. .; G. F. Sanders. ' Reading by Mr$ Loretta ' After the opening exercises the following Kempe. Song by Miss Sarah" and .Louisa officers were sustained: Cheney. Recitation byf Miss Julia Curtis, President, Delia I. r Booth, Provo; first called "Love and Laughter A' counselor, Ida Allen, Provo; second coun? A Will sell ypu any Shoe In their Mammoth Store at actual sumptuous suppet was laid out jri the Ann Webb, Lehi; secretary, selor, Mary room which all partook of freely. dining FACTORY COST PRICE. Ivy Sim's, Provo; assistant secretary, Zina After supper there was music, songs and Chipman, American Fork; treasurer, Elizadancing, the evening closed with prayer by I03V'T MISS 3 J3jTVXj33. beth Hill, Springville. Brother David Sanders, and all retired to 'V Sister QliVei Anderson from Springville, their homes feeling 57 SOUTH MAIN ST. had .been Veil they gave a very pleasing and instructive lecture paid. M. PK. on ' 'Hygienic Cooking. " Sister Hafen Erastus Arizona, May 1894. gave a lecture on "Harmony in Line and Color,,' illustrated with a number of IN MEMORIAM. pictures. Sister Ida Allen read an essay on the unnecessary suffering to whicji women Ciiloe Woolf, the beloved daughter of Isaac are subjected by 4vrong methods of living. and Ellen Woolf departed this life, June Keeps on Hand with disease heart and sixteen "The True Healing Art" was ably treated years' dropsy.aged ,; four and days. DRESS GOODS AND (TRIMMINGS, FANCY by Sister Anna Hindley of American Fork. ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS Dearest Chloe thou hast left us Sister Katie Cragari, fro, A 4ithield, spoke Aflti STATIONERY, EQUT-.- .. And our hearts are sorely grieved,.- a few w;ords-- Dr. Allen expiessed himself ', POISE WAISTS, ETC. I!ut there is great consolation,' as being highly pleased with the work of IrDm suffering now thou art relieved,Dress ITIiifclnr n all ita branches, ITIlllinory, latf s desired and to assist And we in know our Father loveth, Reforni, eVerj" way? Bfyl8r Hats and IlonneU cleaned and retrlmmed One so pure, so Icind and true, Brothef Henry Tanner, spoke w4ll of the Fealbern curled, etc. Stamplnjc dorc to order. Bnt' And we if ftel we ' are tons faithful, covered while ycu wait. IJorlal Stilt a Special J work, inid said that no good thing was ever We may sometime, come to you. r commenced without opposition. He took TJn & R WEST TEMPLE STIIEI2T It K - CULMER -- . , BROS. . , 5 ' .. ' " . . 1 n, . - . . Leading Retail Cask House. -- al piece-entitle-d A . : -- : .'': DDNFOED'S . r Till ' ; ft , iirun . W11 61-189- . . - 1 Opp. Grant Bros. Stablea 