WOMAN'S EXPONENT; 0 w because of. the machinery : taking "up. the grain so clean, that none was left for gleaning, Sister Hyde made other excellent remarks. President Sarah M. Kimball thought of many subjects that might be presented, but felt time was' Short, spoke of the little fund the sisters laid up, a missionary fund in fact, though the means should be used wisely and for improvement, mentally, spiritually and financially, thought the Iord would not give us means, if we did - not make a success, there were many things that made usJeel akin and and reach out to all the brotherhood of man and the, sisterhood of woman, Referred specially to the meeting of the Woman's Congress held on Sunday in the Art Palace in one of the great halls, when sixteen ordained wr men ministers sat upon the platform representing thirteen denominations, one was clad in the sacerdotal robes of the Episcopal Church, it was a beautiful sight to see these grand women r thus assembled; the" speaker asked the Lord to bless . and restore Sister Richards (who had not been able to come to the conference) and to bless Brother Richards who had done so much to elevate woman and to help us all in the Relief Society; said a few .words in regard to women speaking at the funerals of the sisters thought it was quite proper that they should. At the close of the Conference, Apostle Richards made a few appropriate remarks, said Sister Young's inspiration concerning j- -- ; ; or three visit together in convenient localities, invite each other, and so on, it will be a mutual benefit and there will be a corps of laborers under the direction of the President and her Counselors. The sisters of the Relief Society are laborers and mothers in Israel in thought and experience; and oe women lucimeu 10 aie muie spiritual-mindethan the brethren, and are more refined, we have a foretaste here of the life that is to come, would like to mention the National Woman's Relief Society, you have in it a legal organization of holding property in the Society; some of us are afraid of the name, we have grown a little, and we have a right to' the name, should not alter the spirit but . that strengthen" the work, men' have been organized into an Ecelesiatical organization in wards also stake organizations, it has not altered things at all, neither: will it with you, but put you into a position to' hold your property, tnese corporate powers J ought not to confuse you, or lead to differences: Constantine the Emperor turned over everything to the law, we have as a society become national and. perhaps will be International, .this society is a great body and is of some consequence and standing among other great Associations, and the name should correspond." President Richards then announced the Rev. Howis lecture on music and morals to be given in the evening at that place Singing "Lord Dismiss us with thy Blessing." Benediction by Apostle F. D. Richards. Conferenoe adjourned for six months. d, A A O, Glorious Zion,"&c. Prayer by Sister Diana Reid.. - After singing, minutes ojf last meeting read and approved. Counselor Webb gave some excellent instructions to the sisters and desired them to bear their testimony that the time be not wasted. Spoke at some lengthoh Temple work, ad vised the sisters to attend to that la Dor anu closed by saying "Let us be faithful sisters and not lose alLwe have . labored lor, these Steven-sonsai- d many years. Gounsejor Elizabeth we will come here to be educated and instructed. Felt to praise the Lord for strength to labor in the Temple, urged the sisters to put away all light mindedness and follies, to strive to be refined, for these are some of the requirements of the kingdom of God. Prayed that we all might be faithful, and desired the sisters not to quench the spirit but speak of the goodness of God. Sister Price, spoke of the goodness of God to her, and bore her testimony-t- o the truth of the Gospel. She also desired to be one with her sisters to the end of the race. Sister Hazon bore a faithful testimony to the truth" of the Gospel desired tp be yet able to work in the Temple and prayed that we might all enjoy the good things prepared for the righteous. Sister Illsmough bore her testimony that Joseph was a prophet of God felt that the Lord would strengthen her to do good, prayed God to bless us in this great and glorious work. Sister J. C. Howe felt to endorse all that had been said to day. Spoke of the work she was doing in the Temple, felt that all souls were precious and equal in the sight of God and then to think that in our weak ness, we are enabled to redeem some of these precious ones. Also gave much od counsel and encouragment to the ' sisters.' Sister Phelps was thankful for the spirit of God that she felt with us today, said she loved to see the faces of her sisters, who meet here. Was glad that she was able to meet with them sometimes. Desired to be humble and faithful to the end. Sister Forsythe bore her testimony, re joiced that her health wras improved that she could meet with her sisters, desired-tha- t we" might, all be among the blessed faithful ones. Sister Morris felt to bear her testimony, was thankful that she had heard and obeyed the Gospel and testified to the truth of the same. Made many excellent remarks.-"-! Counselor E. Stevenson spoke at some length concerning our boys and girls, the children of the Covenant, felt that they would yet perform a mighty work and bear off the kingdom. Advised the sisters to properly instruct their children, for many mighty ones are being raised up, who are valiant for God and his Kingdom. Sisters sang "Mid scenes of confusion" &c. A sister in the congregation bore her - Y emi-montn- - ly . ... . f1 U1I1 s,. empire long has flourished" S:c. the benediction was pronounced by Sjster Julia Lydia I). Aidek, Act. Sec. " testimony and desired to be faithful. Sisters Corbett and Ford each bore testimonies true and faithful and desired to be numbered with those whom God would honor when .he made up his jewels. Sister Julia Druce MEETING. and Sister Workman also bore testimony and desired to be faithful. Counselor Webb minutes oi tne iaaies said to the sisters "go in and work in the mpptinp- held in the iJ.th. Ward Aspmhlv Temple if you have only one name, the : Hall, SaturdaJNoy. i &r 1 893 way will open and more will be made Counselor Elizabeth "'..Webb- presided. known to you, gave other instructions. " The meeting was opened by singing ' Arise The meeting was adjourned for two SEMI-MONTHL- - WOMAN SUFFRAGE COLUMN. . HON. C. of PENROSE. ems from his address at the Convention the Utah IV. S A. held in Salt Lake City Oct. 5th, iS93. Hon. C. W. Penrose address at W. S The speaker dwelt upon Convention. necessity of organization, upon faith in the cause and confidence that it would succeed. He urged that the work the indifferent and skeptical, and inspiring the lukewarm should go on, and said there is nothing new to offer in the way of anru- ng jnent, ine-cause"sh- ()uld DUt-aavocaies-oi study the objections of those opposed to the franchise and be able to answer them. There are no arguments against Woman Suffrage, only objections which can he answered. In conclusion he advised the ladies to refrain from any agitation of the suffrage clause in the bill for statehood, as it might only retard the progress of the"' bill without accomplishing their purpose. UTAH V. S. A. CONVENTION. The Woman's Suffrage association met in convention at Provo, "Mrs. Electa Bullock presiding. Nov 23, 1893. Mrs. E. B. WellSj recently elected F. S. Richards, first Mrs. president, and of the Territory, were present, and also quite a number of local presidents. The object of the meeting was to nominate county officers and to transact other county business. The results of the nominations were placed before the house, and the following are the officers for the new year: Electa Bullock ; president; Mary John, vice-preside- nt first Marilla Daniels second Rebecca Doolan secretary and correspondent secretary; Mattie Beesley assistant secretary: Alice M. Wilkfns treasurer; L. L. Dalton chairman executive committee. The chairman introduced Mrs. E. B. Wells, recently elected Territorial President, who spoke of the retiring president, Mrs. Kimball, as having been made honarary vice-preside- vice-preside- nt; nt' " ' ' . president of Utah Territory during her life time. She then branched out on the great value a vote possessed in certain places, and the injustice that no woman regardless of her business and education, may not even cast a vote to protect her property. Onr- - sanitary condition would be better The when women could have a voice. work of police matrons, and the" work that might be done for those who go astray was referred to. If women study up these questions they might showf our men. that something might be done in this regard, a great deal better than it is done now. 'This is suffrage work' ' said the speaker1, and when wre get our suffrage we will but progress along these Jines. We voted as intelligently as a whole when we had the franchise as men do. I heard of a legislator recently, who, when it was suggested to him that there were some laws to be amended, said with astonishment .'I thought we were here to make laws I did not know there were any before.' The 4 