V L) WOMAN'S r -; v liXPONENT. M AN S " EX the ground .of the PUN E XI Cougre. ... ....... vimin and the; fmoTiTsh'tii ' merit ifeeitmrSTisweltr-7- " 'very .difficult to give any sort ol satistactory iti t1 iut JjZl v IK.-pai- t would our space permit. !.sioti;.. :inrf' yy - - "in Charity, Philan- - to tnropt ana Keiigion loilo ws jULine nniiorrs review of tiiis.bordhiary.hi)-whichno precedinir tS chapter cditasrandircct'Sa rily lii ust have bee n, a comments she" savs. ' Ilerauledh task. The valueliiui Importance in Suit .Lake City, Utah .published . : .' .. . 1. : . r trreai outiiesh us uusuoes; Term;, one copy one jetr, J'.ocv 'one copy six months, of' the' 'Book to the whole civilized world can .aizeineiu-oiie 50 cts. No reductioa nuiae tor clubs. City papers deliv scarcely ;overrestiffivWji.ereve'r the- - we would like to make many quotations to ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. f ionparei knowledge orheAVrftCoitnnbiaii Ex Advertising rates; EacA'w;At5KSa dis A liberal iiiiiM nr uj jyv v" . 1 . space, oacMQc, JLiijo; per month, 3 00. position is 'circulated, this book shoiild r,be uiti filial ij.ii 1 ! ii'-count advertisers read in. connection' with thariactiaCT'ivili EXPONENT office, Rooms 227 &22S Constitution BuiM- ess of the 14 Ore Jahized" work of Catholic Women," in nz. JSIamhtteeL PpDWte Z. C M. I. Business hours from give an "idea Woman s place in Hebrew Thought"- -o niammoth unxlertaking"- which entered except Sunday y..'h"i;kfty', f buslift-Address all cbmmunipations to every department in life,; mentally and and 'The Asters- of tli,e People! "thedastr WOMAN'S EXPONENT, paper by Mrs. Hugh Price Hughes of Lou- morally (so b speak) as' . well as - educaSalt. Lake City, Utah. don, gives one a good idea of the society, tionally, industriously, socially, economi Entered at ike Post OJice in Salt Like City, Utah, as cally and politically, and yet its place was its practical benefits and results.and is comsecond ctass matter not intefere with the paratively, new in methods, of work; 0 ., so unique that Moral and Social Reform comesriext.; proper work- of woman .in any other departSalt.Lake Oty December i,iS94, This is an invaluable acquisition to. the , ment, of the Wdrld's Congress work. The subjects are methodically' grouped book , jt le re re nanxi?ilcitV sses con ta in i n g - CONGRESS 'S u nderli ppropmt'e leadings beg inning""wi Ui. thebest thoughts,antipractical propositionsr-o- f WOMEN. ; RESENTaTlVE sbiue of the most .eminent women en; the rfrfXivhidi"every which gaged in this field of work, in our own .The Congress Women, gives one a good idea of the most noted and in foreign countries, as well as much A Historical Resumh for Popular Cir dilawomen of the Congress in a few words of that has been actually accomplished in this ' directiun. The comments by the editor are tion of the World's Congress of Repre- their" own, "then the address ff the Chairsentative Women, Convened in Chicago on man r Mrs, Sewall, which in itself is most of great significance. "Mrs Sewall says', and beautiful in style, and perfect ''Of the seventy-onpapers presented in ; May Ijth and adjourned on May 22iSyj, complete in diction Chapter n . Preparations, report congresses at least ninety per cent under the Auspices of the Woman s JTanch giving one. .a brief summary of the treat subjects..that come properly under the ' the World's Congress AjijUiiary.-:of enorm 011 s work which "was don e by a fe w head of social and inoral reform, and the. same. is true of at least seventy per cent of Mrs. Potter Palmer; President, Mrs. preparatory ' to holding this world-wid- e Congress, and especially of Mrs. Sewall's the hundreds of addresses made in depart Charles enrolin, I 'ice President: visit to Europe in that interest; this chapter ment congresses. This chapter covers one Edited by May Wright gcwall, Chaircloses with a Programme of the Congress hundred and thirty seven pages, A mong man Co m m it tee on O rga n iza tion- in paragraphs presenting, all the"'1 subjects the famous women whose 'papers are given and ivho treated them and names ; of (at least in part) are the names of Julia This is the title and explanation of a Pre!5!ents o'f the day, in the Halls of Ward Howe, Elizabeth Cady Stanton. DOOK, wnicn empnaticauy manes me pro-- , Washington and- Columbus and many of Viscountess Harljertoh, Maud Ballington gress of the age, and vfhieli; comprises as tliose in; Department "Congresses'. Chapter Booth, Laura Dnniston Chant,. Lady Henry nearly as" possible the work of that wonder- in Education; opens ."with: editorial re- Somerset, - and Octavia- - W. Bates,, also of ful week of the. great Congress" of women marks introducing and explaining the matyounger women famous in their "own land from all parts of the world, held in Chicago, ter used, and throwing much light upon the but not so n in ours. Josefa The motto upon the vignette (which is a way all subjects are treated; other chapters Humpal emaii of Jiohemia, and Maf- - very handsome one representing, the world in 'their order are dealt with ,in a similar garet .Windeyer of NewSouth Wales. These in gilt) is. ."Not for Herself but for manner which, greatly helps and enlightens women give great ; promise for the the reader, especially-- : those not" present, , or future. The last' chanter in this volume Humanity." The book is dedicated ' f Fd the men and taking part 111 the Congress itself, who can treafthelCiviUund-Political-Statu.- s of women amoner her contemporaries who somewhat better comprehend the difficulties Women and contains many able addresses y of material, by women who have been foremost in Shaving - ears t&- - hear,' qdn understand its of editing such an message and having open minds "and although no one can really sympathize with. laboring for the advancement of woman's generous hearts, can regard witlijavor the the editor 111 her work except to have had cause in tne sense ot moral. sociaL and- ultimate absolutely eqharcopartnership charge of a like undertaJdnjCliapterlVV political equality. In the address of Mrs. which it unmistakably foreajclmvsthLi Li terat u rerun d'tlicTDra m a t lc Art has not Jacob Bright, sister-in-laof the Hon. John work is respectfullynedicated by the only an .Introductory Comment by. the-- f Bright, she brings up some of the purposes Editor." editor, but Editorial Comments relative to ior wnicn-inshe renrpnt i league The book is published in two volumes the session of the General Congressdevoted laboring thus, Equality of and in one, both containing the same mat to consiilering woman's relation to Dramatic" and duties of educational political rights opportunities, ter but differing only in paper; and style, of Literature and to the stage. A telegram of wages for women, for work of equal binding etc. These volumes are elaborately was read froirrMme. Janauschek excusing quality and quantity with thatdone by illustrated the frontis piece is The New" herself and expressing tier sjmpathy with Qitheight-taiioldTal- iy office or , Ait Institute, where the Congress was held, uiecauiiuiJii position-paid or .honorary, to which her then the portrait of M lie.- - Rhea - was also - una voidabl vv- - absent: fellow citizens may elect her or which is in ney, President of the World's Cougressess but the addresses of Helena Modjeska, the gift of the state. Equality in the of 1893, and portraits of other members of Georgie: Cay van and Julia: Mrrlowe are in divorce. In the rightito marriage laws, that' committee and eminent women", Bertha published almost in their entirety. This the and custody, guardianship of children M. Honore Palmer, President Board of chapter is certainly one of the finest in the born in wedlock. Of personal freedonrand Lady Managers, and Ellen M. Henrotiu, book; Miss Marlowe closes her address the rights and liabilities of contract And Vice President; May Wright Sewall, with the following the paragraph:, 'The lady remarks, legal position of 41 Chairman Committee on Organization , and That woman is capable of arduous ef the vileJn England is a scandal to civilizaRachel Foster Avery, Secretary, also of Mrs. fort and untiring devotion has been fully Other addresses are by Florence Adlai E. Stevenson, Lady Henry Somerset, demonstrated upon the stage. She has tion.";. Fenwick Miller, the Countess of Aberdeen the Countess of Aberdeen,' Laura Ormistori helped to elevate the drama to its rightful and other vomenKequally able and well Chant, Frances E. Willard and Susan B. place among the educational forces of life, qualified to enlighten the public. Anthony; arranged in groups are also and to make true what Morlfy saysr"r The second volume opensxwitli Civil Law pictures of many, others, several upon one '"At the we door, may say to and Government and contains extracts from page. The illustrations are ..all very gotxl. the doubting, 'Enter bol:;ly, for here, too addresses by Susan B. AnthonyEhzabeth. " The subject matter, is wonderfully, well Jhere are gads.- rr- 7 Cady Stanton, the Countess of Aberdeen , classified considering the super abundance Science and Religion follows with prefuie baroness Alexandra Gnpenbere" and th of material the editor had to deal with, and atory remarks by the' scientific editor, and Baroness Thorberg Rappe.and man v others her ;zCal and anxiety to make the book cover copious extracts from rnaliy" papers by dis- - vell known to fame in our own country. ; C.4.O.V ,C.w.'m. AX.V3 semi-mout- r-.- . - . hl, ' . 1. 4 i 1 . . . 1 4 .. ; . -- . " . - to-tA- 'ft1 '"r,' 1 n 1 v. . r pie-te- 4 in-.t- "1 " - t ; ..' . 4 t it-di- - 1 ; GF-RE- P- THE-WORLD- 1 Cliapter-i.-contai- tlTe-introduct- ion ns -- , . e -- ' f -- . - well-know- , over-suppl- - w -- -- - e n&a-Chito-- Bon 1 . 4 ' . play-hous- e : - I ., .. v ; , 