WOMAN'S 92 Woman's Exponent. , EM.VELIXE B. WELLS. WMLLS J.tyiM CAJiOJt KCmt:l. : KXrONKNT. ' 1 he pioneer settlers , to national character. thought upon a subject, which has been the Mountains crossed to nmke! Rocky considered of little;.orn6y consequence to who of the the in Great Salt Lake homes valley many women who-- have always been proin the certain early stage of their tected and who may be counted as a were civilization to manifest the genius peculiar privileged class.X The Hall was apof jriiusic, and the hosts of Israel beguile propriately decorated for the occasion, the hour of their weary march across many-apictures of two of the most distincontinent by singing the songs of ' Zion: guished champions of thecause hung on the The first musical organization formed in' either side of the speaker's tand, and the stars and stripes were displayed above the Utah was a brass band, composed of fifteen under tlie leadership of Captain platform. The President of the W.- S. A. musicians, William Pitt, which commenced its labors called the meeting to order and the Secreand for several years furnished the tary read the call after which the President in 1850.on every anniversary and local celstated the object of the meeting and Ihe music "Battle Hymn of the Republic," by Julia ebration, and assisted tlie first dramatic asWard Howe, was sung by Miss Maude sociation in its representations. In 1S57 Pratt and Miss Pearl Russell the audience DominicorBallo, an Italian, highly endowed with' the musical genius of his race came to joining. 'Dr. .Elvira S. Barney offered; ' the people prayer and the song "New America' was Salt Lake City, and electrified on the clarionet, on Mr. John with his,, performances rendered. enthusiastically he .was unrivalled, both Irvine favored the ladies' by making a re- which instrument and execution. Soon after port in short hand of the' speeches in full. in tone, style lie "Ballo s Band" ot I organized The first speaker Nvas Mrs.' Zina D. II. his arrival Young President of the National Woman's .twenty instruments, viz, seven tB flat Relief Society, she was followed by Hon. clarionets, one E flat, played; by himself, M John E. Booth member of .the Legislative two piccolos, two first cornets, two second Assembly from Proyo. .Miss Babeock cornets, one opheicleide, three brass horns recited that telling poem of Mrs.. Browning's one tenor, trombone and drums. This "A Woman's Question" par excellence. combination created great excitement on its Dr. HughesCahuori made a stirring address first, appearance, and continued to gain closing it witha poem, which was quite power and renown by its skilful, rendition Mrs. Bessie Dean of some of the, most difficult compositions thrillingly rendered. Allison who came from Ogden expressly to of the day. Ballo was ,i fine composer, be present, sang in herxowii sweet way, though but few of his works survive, and "The Journey is Loner. ""accompanied on his name will always be held in reverence the orphan hv Alvin PppIpan. Dr Rns. as the most cultured of the musical pioneers brouk followed in a five minuies speech' of Utah In 1 853 David O. Calder, the pioneer makingome strong points in favor of suf frage, and George D. Pyper,sungin his ex- class teacher of vocal music came to Salt quisite style "The Araby's Daughter,"" Lake City, and settled over Jordan where Mrs. Lucy A. Clark, President Davis Co. he. faught the first singing school in the W. S. A. next addressedthe meeting, and Territory. - In 86 1 he organized two S. W. Richards Esq. madethe closing and classesNof twro hundred members each for mevery able address. The audience sang instruction - in the Curwen tonic sol-f"Help the Workingmen," and the meeting thod, which was the first introduction of was adjourned. Full minutes, of the the system in America: He compiled, arspeeches, will be given in the next issue of ranged and printed the class books used. the paper. In 1862 Mr. Calder organized the Deseret Musical Association, composed of two hundred picked singers from the different classes HISTORY OF MUSIC IN UTAH. under his tuiton. This society gaVe several concerts in .the Theater and Tabernacle with Dr. Euen B. Ferguson. marked success, and during its existence musical culture among the peo-- x Westward the star of music takes its stimulated of Utah. I! The sovereignty of the realm of pie way. In 1862, Professor Charles J. Thomas, I music in America had long been divided who had for years been associated with . i among the older cities of the republic, when some of the principal theater orchestras in in "1893, .Utah, the young giant of the London, came to Salt Lake City, and at West, entered the arena to contest for the once took charge of the orchestra at the World's Fair prizes, and sent to Chicago a ' new Salt Lake then just opened picked choir of 250 voices to compete with and under his Theater, it maintained for leadership the artistic and famed choral organizations several years a high standard of. excellence: of the Old and New World for the crowning As a conductor of the Tabernacle choir, honors of the World's Fair Eisteddfod. Much praise was expressed for the nerve Professor Thomas did some excellent work, and he long held a ruling musical position. and pluck of this ambitious 1)ut "Professor John Tullidge also deserves . which competitor, was mention at this time as a fine tenor singer changed to astonishment and wonder when the Utah choir stepped triumphantly to the and composer. His name will be rememsecond place, and almost snatched from the bered as long as his anthem "How beasti -brows of the Cymric bards the laurels of ful upon the mountains" delights the ears . of a Salt Lake audience. their forefathers. The following history of The man who did most for the early music in Utah will show the gradual de and velopment of the divine art, that led to the musical progress of Salt Lake City, the establishment of the legitimate professattainment of the present high standard of ion is undoubtedly Professor George Caremusical taste and culture in this less. Born in London, and trained with and rendered possible the community the achievements of the Utah Choirmagnificent some of the greatest instrumentalists of as In the growth of civilization and the un day, under the batons of such mastersand folding of social development, music and Sir Michael Costa, Sir Jules Benedict, other famous conductors,, Mr. Cnrc-- ss her twin sister poetry take of all precedence alt Lake City in 1865 such the arts, and present an unmistakable brought index musical and genius, brilliant execution -- '".'. Editor. -- l. in Salt Lak Published City, Utah. . Term!?,: one copy one year, $t.oo; one copy six months, , 50 cts. No reductiou maae lor clubs. City papers delivr ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each' square, ten lines of nonpareil 53 00. A liberal disspace, on time, 2.50; pcr'month, ' " count to regular advertisers. seini-uiomn- . - EXFONtNT office. Rooms 327 & 228 Constitution Main Street,, opposite Z. C. M, I. Business hours from to a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ' Address all business communications to Build-n- g, PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post OJjice in Salt Late City, Utah, as econd class matter. Salt Lake Fhhuuaky i, and City 15, 1894. n life-siz- e : EDITORIAL NOTES. X important measure to women that the Legislature has in hand is to make' women eligible to appointment oit Boards of Education and other Boards where women are specially concerned or are inmates of Asylums, Homes etc. A memorial is before the House asking that the Woman's Industrial Home in this Cit be given to the .Women of the Territory for a Woman's Hospital, which is certainly more in accord with the intention of the appropriation made by Congress to establish the Home,thanany purpose which' Congress has been asked to consider hereA very . . tofore. Zina D. H. Young and Jane S. Richards of the Relief Society Presidency, each celebrated her birthday anniversary on Jan. 31st. Mrs. Young in Salt Lake City, Mrs. Richards in Ogder?. We have notices for publication, but had to lay them over as this issue is special matter relating to Utah prepared to distribute at the Midwinter Fair in San Francisco. ; There are several bills now pending in. the Legislature in which women should be specially interested. One is a "School for the Blind" which should by all means be passed for if there is any class that are entitled to material help it is those who are deprived of the blessing of lightTand all that can tend to make their life happier should certainly be done. There is a bill before the House of Representatives asking for a bounty on cocoons, for the purpose of encouraging the silk industry in Utah. It was thought by . women specially interested in the Silk Exhibit in the Woman's Building at the World's Fair which was such a gratifying success, that to offer some inducement to the people who raise cocoons, would be the best method of fostering this important industry because it would go direct to the producer. Too much cannot be done to build up a home production that will certainly be, if effort is properly directed in the enterprise, a remunerative business and light work in which women and children can engage in their own homes. Sisters 1 , " The a . . Assembly, of Women which convened under the auspices of the Utah W. S. A. on Saturday, February third was quite a success in the way of numbers, and , the speeches were logical and eloauent and it will no doubt be the means of awakening hitherto-undistinguish- ed f . . to-S- -- 