a . - .1. i. - of Uu Women CONTENTS: Woman's National Press Why Women Want The Municipal Ellen Kimball. U: W: P. S,- - Reports, Meeting Lydia Notes And News D. In C laaies semi-montni- - y. ( Alder. Funeral Reforms. FnlTOfclAL.'- Present The - . Editorial Notes. P0ETRY.;own rflrmichael. When Hewlings. L. M. Conditions. -- The River S. E. The Summer Comes Again Alta. Ten Years Old-A- unt By Down by the River: The dark flowing river, That flows to Eternity's Sea: Kneel to the Giver To God, the Good Giver And pray for my vessel and me. Coldish? Dark it is 1 Hushed as my heart it is, Dark flowing river sublime! Many ships sail on it Many fleets fail on it; Strange, crooked river of time! Down by the Riverside -- will be a glad rejoicing -- All living things as m one voice, Will unite in glad acclaim! hill side, Thro' the wood and o'er the Then in freedom we will roam, . Wander by the mountain's brobkside, stones, By the gray old ' n These flocks of merry song-birdg day, Will make glad the Nature's free charming concerts, With out dress parade, or pay. Then vestments of bright adorning, domain, Will be worn through earth's . And in justice beauty blooming When the Summer comes again. " t Madame Ladies. Gentlemen , and Chairman,. ' , An old powerful and influential oppoia.v. v tut" . relates the fol- to' Woman's nent Suffrage a as .our onward mar progress we Shall to the footsteps 'of. 1,,Mrr Uttlpi ctnrv witVi the attempt1 favorable to the cause of ' hirour?citizens by locking in the: faces of discourage womn suffrage our daughters me aoors 01 uuuoi "Once 011 a time in Ormudz there was .. nwu ana meu, responsibility, them a Peri with liny feet and glittering wings, memorial, endeavor to shoulder upon who was passionately fond of diamonds, u uu. . misueeu-tor trie the blame and- shoes were solid the nuntial altar to love her crown, drapery with the purest gems. She herself apour all worldly; with endow to and cherish, wee dot of auu peared at a little distance, like a was one wuici lorsaKeb who woman the goods Yet there a flying diamond. :LfW w ihw's sake, and then pro- - precious-jewwhich she discovered one her her force-trlaw time, ceed to take by "the river, .and which she coveted by m day 4.1, rvwcripnce. - her money, ....... bireuiitii, more than all she Lad before collected. It into and soul,, too fact, her whole being, body rrvr was.verheavy and: bright as the sun; liar ieav iu5 too brilour "individual service, heavy for her atomic head and far name of own? her call to even her identity liant to be becoming to her. The if condition free Shall we boast tJfur the rarerjewel was Somethingmore. Her . . o OUr moiucis friends urged her to avoid the display, and servi- with untainted o t .11 f ; , onan uui sun- her against her vain desire to bewarned be he mo tud? and degradation if the. come conspicuous. But she was not connot free, any Detter She thought that she only needed tent. mothers. African white if we gave them this precious Somethingmore .in her crown , Could our children be as great economjs to make her supremely happy. So she, as .t.tpcmpn to he set in her crown, aVif sprung frdm and started in a blaze of light to wither Cornelia or Portia? humbler neighbors. But alas! the new not are . women v j that its fiery rays should never jewel was so bright, melted her diamond robes, blistered her the chfld in .care own his of Srfplac6 a feet and scorched her wings soon her a and " ot a woman, , : ntml crown itself was dissolved by the heat, f truth that he or sue, .wnowu" she herself fell dead from suffocation. -' When her sisters found her Somethingmore had scorched the grassabout her; particularly an uniormeu, soul. and to this day the people of Ormudz ; i -- w the veil Shall women tnembeiv c, show the barXen, ashy hillside, burned andso long ago by the fatal Somethingcrisped this let me 7 bv in a crisis lite t ,.' tli pm and their j The moral to be drawn from the little wostory' of the noted gentleman is that reMark this, sisier ,Vm"r f re the fact men now have all the legal rights they only of the ballot, which would make us accessories deprived quire wiio ou as crime. nothing less than a great... vn1ir cioneer is the fatal Somethingmore and might result as disastrously to the wjomen possessing it, did the diamond to the Peri. women ot - This story might do to tell the or west who have never had the east the share of harasmp who qu , this stubborn, umnvuuV : When the Summer comes again, When the rivers break their fetters, And the rills throw off their chains! When winter has ceased its raging, Scatt'ring hoar frost, ice and snow, All its forces northward streaming, Atthe Spring's command to go Then we'll.take some lovely rambles, When the Summer comes again; Over soft green grassy meadows, Cherished rocks, in grove and glen. Ah, wont all nature then rejoice, When the Summer comes again! f ADDRESS BY M. HUGHES CANNON M. D. - WHEN THE SUMMER COMES AGAIN. live-lon- That is the . S. E. Carmichael. s, A WOMAN'S ASSEMBLY. -- d moss-grow- WOMAN SUFFRAGE COLUMN. v- - sea" There -- the Question." Shall we drift with the Orsluggish tide of Custom, and in our ganic Act rivet the fetters of perpetuala minority upon the mothers of so hardy Riverside! Prav for my vessel and me Pray for us: Pray for us Solemnly say for us: "God guide ye safe to the Swift is the Rivertide 7 toiled,' hoped, prayed but wept not, can never be persuaded, that you and your daughters are not equally concerned in all home, equal that pertains tq this hard-wo- n heirs to the grand estate. All men know it is not in us to boast; but we do not deny that our record of the past gives us room to boast of every requisite to honest, useful citizenship; and we look with confidence to our husbands and fathers, to see, that our claims be not ignored, and our rights not abridged, when the crown of Statehood shall rest upon the brow of our beloved Utah. . L. Iy. Dalton. She will brmg buds and flowers, But we'lllisten all in vain, For tones from voices golden, When the Summer comes again. . L.M.Hexings. "Arnold Dell." Tenafly N. J. To vote or not to vote! . Rough is the Riverside Pray for my vessel and me . No. 15. 1894. SHALL UTAH BECOME A STATE WITHOUT. WOMAN SUFFRAGE? DOWN BY THE RIVER. Wreck-covere- ' Tho' summer comes with beauty, Wealth, and plenty in her train, Her power can ne'er restore, These lostlinks from out life's chain, Bal-Iot-- F. Miscellaneous. Memoriam; Obituaries. Uf AH, APRIlj i, . Ex-cursio- Gladys Woodman- of the Women of all Nations. But there'll be something missing; When the summer comes again, Some golden links most precious, Have been torn from out life's chain; Woman Suffrage Column Shall. Utah Become L. L. Dalton. A State Without Woman Suffrage The Pioneers Mary A Woman's Assembly .To R of Zion and the Rights SALT, LAKE CITY, Vol. 22. see. if1 ... ... The Rights M. A. - w w el f - .. . -- v : rSsou rvement, 4- A-i- o-p- - . self-evide-nt ; - ; y p1. ' . 