tive: 4 framjers'-TTUh- 2iv--r?t-r-a:vatt CI' .5 i.vv 'jtr w. tv the drive all ;"':The"".call "of .the convention and other A"" and ' , ?' this iuVrmutionii -- the buildii! rr4" motw,i iTOUity .apyrdvr late- aboltLKulorscd '. ' ,v,:r . tiv:&t It , ' vt lu- . WtWr idea-Ui- atin (7rn.tti.rrfiu cilOHh is noxvtime nmsic hv the ire wr nn'n'i rffl lo k1:, r h.i1 h. iI.f.Mn' iv Kqualy rcsponsiljiUties that yiir develop upon us? 1 tliesolutionrthat aery able man and one uiv. people, oini:niv.S hfuut- - - ' .and akiww . y; Hadlln whatever. ideaS". 1 what we iironr .Utah Woman's Press 'Club want to. know, perhaps one snouui few: actual names and the pen name. It gnu handkercliicfs-- ' progress, and let us make a study of the-enthusiasticallv waved'-thei- r and gentlemen cheered and waved their SniiVage suliject for there is no "excellence us prove by. oumaxbeJhaLw-ahats in an Inspiring manner. May success without labor. 'V So ctions-thatprognun committee, do attend the cause and ail others which tend ' :"---.-:and may we my iassignedthismatter to the Rood jflhumanitsv the A. Tiu;. fellow suffragists Tiotceaie uow-lthgoal is members who never respone'ed, that m sight, but may the flames of free-- :' real idea is lost, and I was absent when .the " Provo Cit,--Sep- .i domarsl 'equality continue to burn in our su bject was al lotted to me, so if I fail short " " of the demand I beir to. be excused - but - K o u At lKsums: until we gai ha rights : :' will give you an item or two about women Rights. Onck more this important subject "prc?- - are now earnestly laboring-Kqu- al ; who have gained fame and renown by using sentstitself before us. This question has May God grant' this to' be our happy lot. the uarnes ol men; but the idea probably .. Alio; Gunx. received great attention .of late, aiict now' ... originated in the fact, that. women as wrjU that fair "Utah is just entering: "statehbocl, Adamsville, Utah. ters were -- looktd down upon; called blue let us be sure that not leave licfr stockings and considered almost unfeminine, -"W'oinen behind. yLx--- -. PKX .NAMES. at any rate not fit for wives or mothers, and "History fells us that in many cases, often thought or considered immoral. That has .been regarded as inferior to inai), excuse is not valid, now,A rewe not all (oct Why r Ever since George Sand made herself so children? We learn fr'inlhe Bible ihiitvis l It . a most difficult , thine to out. this eil i rt- o i f r Vi r r. fnl God rtrn V1VU, mtosucii shape as .to make it pre- to have been a Wbv man v others,' inferior . . man: ana does it look reasonable to Unntes ciMm c , o mk r nm-.... f tn ii;QC' in nt iuu ... -- r inn(T i inciivp yjt. vautu nnint ...... ,pnrop p.itrvirjl lrv'i r that II e would create her an inferior beinU? opinions and views, and therefore j perhaps surpassed her certainly in depth of senti- I t is more likely that He would make an the best method is. to give a few facts. . mentf and philosophy, it has often beeu said His on than rather hot; labors; improvement There are many newspapers and journals that these two famous writers yould never the equal . But of course , we do noT clai n where the writer of articles and even, one liaye reached the zemith of fame attained to be any better than they, but equally as employed in editorial, work is not' allowed by them ; had they hotjakeii a.iuanri good. We do not wish to overstep our to sigh his name or We in this era of woman would scarcely eveangrn.de.plume; bounds in the leaU but desire to become. "would be not, "why be more willing to hazard a literary repiita- us to be: to go too much into detail. only thatrwhiclT-dJslgue- d tiOn on the nam e of a man, JhaiLiha . . . . We only ask for a voice in that which conII . in losioii consiaerea xii Allien )s use a cerns us and claim the right M political tne most re- - fictit ous signature far reasons. encaorjLniaueerer as well as rclig oh$ freedoni. presentalive papers the .BjstonJXdht has : Olive Schreiner whose story of an Afri-:.- " a just one, that . given large liberty in thaff 'respectrwhiie can Farm created quite a sensation among U entitles one half of the community to enthe .Bqsfan. JIefaid::'mt as. representative ' people, used a man's' ncme Ralph::. joy privileges 'tliat.the other half cannot? ana as meiy circulated gives no encourage- - 4 literary, lr0.n, but now" that she is married her hus- We all admit that man stands at the head ment of this sorr wmitever;: thereiisdiirniv band it is said takes her real name instead and woman should not rule, over him, .two sides to the the and ;oj.imun of her taking his, though recently Isav-bott. question .i'" t. i JerLiampie--ner-TTnae- r ins y utmost need of disrrin.Hnn- t1PrP r in names used. Marie Correlli whose teet In one of tr American cities, a this chy even1 restrictions in this regard books are the fashion in many short, tune ago. an yiddress had been de- - T and seem ver on a properaily circles, because they , break ,. ne w . ground cM ,g, o . oi me well "v .' en Chief Editor paper-- the is answerablwheiadtiat sub -OI. lue scen,or..p versed women of the place: one ofV thb" nJCi penological ; rrz.--.. -uuww aiiiucu, aim in. many eases 4iviw.-nic . . : jects mostly, or the occult, uses a name a i:en ... on -- nis. .return Home thof ; - Kff Lieman if , , ctu viiv. i ;a; ii inuL,...,jat which suggests a French or Italian womanL ijaujiiiiciiit iuu u a ineua wno said, 'U no was article, the chief of the etnh1khmenf m,it al t houglv-sh-t "TftsrilinorTsister your sixrakerlto, night?'- - He 7 replied 'in a answer lor it. a liiis-AXriiolds of the famous Irisliwriter-Eric"MacKav- eT "Tsnee.nrig; tone, aftiy a woman' wlnJa- -a nni above nettv annovances: unless in n rMmerHiggiiis Glenerhe whose real name "is th;,:saiiie time wrTmgTit ask, is his "what uu iui .uuci Lida Lewis . .. .. . , . .1 .' she writes for the mu uci. a.mi !.wnaiismswite? rlhis would be brought against the paper itself Boston Globe Watson, and New York. Mercury, has vith many instances' proveshow lightly the In most cases of write ups and ordinary published a volume of of which the ahihties of woman are spokeif of at times. interviews the person would not wish his title is UNKEsT'Auiitpoems who writes cuC uui euise was restored, wnat truevo-- , Fanny name attached, unless it were some very books for children is Mrs. Frances Eliza-Be- th luau , uouiu east ner, vote in tafor celelated then ( Mease) Barrow, she also wrote for aeaieraiwneuemon Alcolloir'lii many r aniiv mnriit- nmmnt iiia r.;;: the New York .. Ledger, Mrs. Mary Cahill cases we( find her-- ; ted to a drunkard,. Jn politics t would whoamt,K who uses the iiom de plume "of Marie the oils to vote, hile she (uo staggers idiscreetnot unpoZur to 'say Walsh is author of Hazel Kirke and other ma ter tovv uUelhgent, she may be) ts cp.u-- . sign oneateand-iu' similar tales. Drock scudo?ijm of: Robert pelled to stay at home. Is t i s r irhp An . II r , ' ii ...T.cr j to iser ji noi" snoippr there is no justice, about it, for those who one's self to Bridgesassistant editor of Book Reviews the unfavorable criticisms that in "Life' are r tiled by law should' s u rely have .a voice are Scribner Magazines. v frequently indulged the in what the. law shall be, and ;ho shall We all remember the inspiring genius of of each others effusions. For. Fanny Fern, the sister of, N. P. Willis the' :'y :,,;, merly I was greatly in favor of If we assist in bearing thetesponsibilities poet, who had' such a wonderful r of the. government, we -- certainly should but experience has led me to think of date reputation, and a most romantic life.literary She ;ears, that one's own name is better. And have our share of itsprivileges, How the . real name secret of her kept many my .adviceto all. young writers isrtise mucti better it would be if Ut.-i- rnW your until she -- own name years, had earned a comnetenrv orat least your initialsj'nstead of I by means of her ' ' ; , pen. - . , lt we 1 vith6ttt:-repre'seiitation- : s tojimringer !l . . e 2th,-i$ifZ- - trfer-wifielHv- n-t- -- - e- -- - ; . , ''' she,-do- es ' wi-ma- n : -- . ! sho'iild'-this.beF- - . i - i V x ' - oo-- - STi " f , i I - - - ; , -- - .."""vv.j,- s ! i -- T 1 a . .... . t-ot- -s ; . . AhecKffri i . : j. - now-a-day- ,ey uu -.- 5 . , , . ; " - - ' s - i . - ; - i y vt ; . .. .'-- -'- ; ; Mmv ; - - i i -- ; trre-casl- rses : " - w . i r i 'vj i I t.k iv-- ii a 'v- - d fh-b- be-th- law-maker- s. - writing-fraternity- , e - pen-yiam- es ; j h . J : - , Hjuib. v:., bcxmicmteU should Miidy and : Thu'nias r readnn theiv might t.MJtue cxic Imt Jcommufuty ..by .asi ng a 4 entertain suclraiulse tae PrAva and .huUvi n;.uc - bomewomcn , ihy4rhts w. w . ' 