i. 'educate. women into ;i knowledge of their rights arid duties as citizens of a renublie. RS. J phalanx of might that is moving for the development of humanity, and ,the enfran- chisement of a world, and with joy and satisfaction we vvouh,jho.ld.tUrisingstar. ST. GEOR0E STAKK. sense oi ne national wrong- perpetrated by the uisfranchisement:.;oriiUi;th.eVpebfi 1 REPORT. ..&ji!&Mt&x)t;. October, "President Anna that berakk mtr, For ever y vhere tfiOtfeWWit CSwflwith .her counselors, left ; rvbtateroaivrrv or St. dens and responsibilities of. the government" principles gdVgient. declared- by; our 'to, visit the eastern ;.settlenienSv of. the " laws andcotistitutions. are demanding a voice in saying what those. ',; George1 Stake' of. Zipn. While .Colorao's. MJ enfranchisement; Of We went to Leeds and held meetir.g at? , burdens shall be, is asking to be in is' o 1893: women, eneouragingy: the defeat; eleven clockr.Sister3ATirta Wilkinson recognized as man's equal, and man in turn of the suffrage' amendments in New York we had a very good meeting, the is anxious to bestow upon her all rights .and Kansas, in 1894, shows how largely:.. sisters manifested a disposition to keep, up and privileges enjoyed by himself. x ' men still fail when 'called, upon to put in their meetings regularly. The sensible of the , women; many day . practice the principle's they enunciate. ',: x We proceeded to .Toquerville, met with-th- e who are - earnestly pleading the cause of Relief ocietyat 7 p. m., right and' equality under the law, seek not some slight concessions to women citizens, Naglye the former President having moved to step from the sphere that nature and. in no States of the lJniqn, save Wyoming away, we reorganized with- Sisters Eliza nature's God has placed women in, but are and Colorado, are women yet admitted to Ann Slack-a- s contending nobly that woman in her sphere president Susannah Bring . the dignity of equal : rights in citizenship. hurst as first and Sister Stapley as second can understand the laws of progression and . a u i .11 ux me unionare. mo;ners 111 7 " counselors. the human race, the science development uuiy conceded to be legal owners of their own On the 24th we proceeded on to Virgen-Citof government even, antrthe principles that children. where we met at eleven o'clock with must necessarily underlie thesuperstruct-ur- e oi .all good .laws, as well as man, and Suclnbeing the sad and shameful state. of the Relief Society. Sister Jepson resigned first xcouhselor fo Sister so understanding, is just as capable of anairs, it; behooves alllovers 01 justice to her ;position the call rally at to'spsed the next step in SariaTi 'Workman tlui Preiolent, after giyiifg reaching a helping hand to the fallen, and human progress the full development of Sister Jepson a vote of thanks, Sisters to have a voice in organizing society as he, the mother of the race, the greatest factor lieepe anaiiiia nuton .were- - and here in this land of liberty., where the , Aiarynn in the coining civilization. chosen as first and second counselors to the people are the truejjjpvereign, that woman's "Presidents of "Associations ge president in the Relief Society . u'ewen t voice as well ashler sympathy should be . from thirty-fiv- e States, together with many on. to Grafton, meeting convened at three heard and felt.. . famous lecturers, will take part in the o'clock President Ballard was quire feeble7 "TThe questions of the hour (especially here ' those but felt refreshed, and strengthened by in; Utah,)are not so much to contend for equal programs. Among expected ' are, Rev. Anna Howard Shaw, of Penmeeting with the sisters. Proceeded on to rights under the law, for that seems how to nsylvania; Lillie Devereux Blake, of New . Rockville, where we spent, the night at be almost an assured fact; many influential s York; Carrie Xane Chapman Catt, of Iowa; Bishop Hircshe's. honest7 men elsewhere as I have said, are , , Caroline E. Merrick; of Louisiana;: Alice ' October 25th. we met with the Relief anxious to grant to women all she demands htone . Blaekwell, of Massachusetts; Society of Rockville and had a good turn and more, and that there "cannot J osepnine k. Henry, ot Kentucky; Dora out; the sisters feel well and enjoy the mee- be found in any land or clime, men who of Elizabeth U. Buell, Colorado;' Phelps women more, or who cherish her well tings very muchfat the close of the meeting Yates, of Maine; and Mary C. Francis, of Sister Daley, president of the Primary being; with a greater love than the men" of Pili in Association brought in her resignation. We Utah. Hence woman's destiny and great' Susan B. AnthonV; President. . were very-so-rry to have her resign, as she ness ih7 Utah with the help of noble men, has been very faithful," we gave her a vote and the ballot in her own hands; and with Ellen Battelle Die trick, Cor. Sec. of thanks, and honorably release her. joy I can congratulate them and and weF " At the close of the meeting we returned come' the solemn obligations and responsiMRS. EWING'S PUDDINGS AND to Toquerville; at six p. m. met with the bilities that will soon be theirsThd well I ' SAUCESPrimary Association and had an interesting know that woman will guard well that time with the, children. We Spent the great trust with a jealouscare, and thaLshe and -- will achieve a Simple inexpensive puddings and night with Sister Susannah Bringhiirsk-O- n greatnessTHaTvvill light her lecsauces Avere puddingAt and path of glory, and rest as a halo of light Jhesjibjejof the . theottrwe traveledntoHarmony t j ' at ine cooKing ciass i:ist AoyemDer. x. held meeting at seven p. m. luic Sister Maria upon happy homes. delicious apple pudding with sauce; can be Pace presiding, had a very nice meeting The lessons of to day for both male and made, for an ordinary family, .Nrs. Ewing female are to prepare ourselves for the and a very comfortable house to meet in. '"Butter a pan On the 27th we arrived at Pinto and met future that we may be prepared to bear the saySj at about 3cts a dish. and dust it 'with' salt; have alternate layers with the Relief Society at three p. m. at burdens of a commonwealth, and to the ;of apples (peeled, cored and quartered) and Sister Mary Knell's home on account of her time when woman " shall cast her vote for bread crustswhich have been staked in cold poor health, r, "President Ann Knell presid-injOthe safetvjoLJieriome-and-theniati6T . water, having the first layer of apples and -4lie-- 2 8th weretnrned homeTiav am not reckoning without my host, in the , been ing traveled 145 miles and been absent six glorious future,that a layer of bread crumbs which have" been hallowed by the sacrifices of noble ones, days. moistened with melted butter: dust with a and isawaiting, like a Ann C. Woodbury. tablesDoonful of suirar. sit in the oven and thepresence of the brave and the true, to the allow Avhen cover remain for half an cover; Utah, though long 'rejected by the Vilil builders, shall take her place at the head of "vui ctiVi vivll t 11, t WO M A N SUFFRAGE COLUMN: hard sauce made as follows: Cream half a the corner, Utah's interests will be trusted to woman , .and to man equally. cup of butter at a time, a cup of sifted pul-- " A DDK ESS KEAD AT verized sugar. w When these have been .Then under the glory of statehood on a thoroughly mixed together add a table-spoohigher plane and without the political spite, I ful of cream and flavoring to taste. n congratulate the ladies of Iron that now disturbs us, we will make Utah; Mrs. Ewing is so gentle and easy about County in organizing a branch of the ".The glory of the land and a beacon light her cooking that it seems more a pleasure Woman 'sj3ttiTrage Association here. I confo the world." "7: than what most of us have considered hard sider ihat it is a step in the right direction h. I). Watson. " I.,, work, and this is due to the things she is and" taken none too Soon. anxious to impress upon the ladies that ij Having always believed that the measure of knowledge possessed by women marked Miss Beatrice Harkaden has been rightly done it is a' fascinating employ the standard of intelligence of coming posasked to write a serial for the Century, but terity, and believing as one has said 'that refused. "I do not like serials, " she said. they who rock the cradle rule the world, " 1 "It is a. bad arrangement for both author M. Stephane MAuaRME, the French have looked forward with great hope to the and reader. The: effect pfthe.story. is lost dooks time "when 1. woman unfettered- - by when it is read by piecemeal, through pueip suggests .on which the copyright has expired snould of caste that man in ignorance 'and several months. The reader is disapbe compeUeoT to pay a small rovaltv into a superstition had placed upon her, should is-- pointed or loses interestjiand-the-writ- er therran(-iTTTHd-Miund for the benefit of needy authors. in beside Ex olace take bun her .. , .wi u.n ilea t tie -- . wvt ' St.-Georg- e 1 tri-ns.?;- -- " ; - " ; . r 'afid-woma- n pre-sidin- g, . ; , Sister-Louis- a - . . 1 -- : oix.-oiaie- -- 1 . - n: 1 b . -- y ; . . . , ' . - State-Suffra- ... . ; . 1 Con-'vepjio- n ; 1 - we-kn- ow .re-spe- ct ; ' -- -' ' a "T . r- . ' , u --- -- n. has-alrea- dy i- love-lighted-beac- ; on -- -- iv-ui- ui V.AVS. ' ...... . " -- 1 inapme-puDiisners-t)- the-shackl- es r- " i A , ' - J3 I -- 0 