. -- 'V" o:"V v.;.,. 1 ;. I- '" ' ' -- . 179 EXPONENT, WOMAN'S r " '. to first: the Etlmological head. ' 'The t racial cnaracieristics-oour ancestors. They WILD lvGSiCS. ;; in a high mountain, home, And 'mid its vales 1 love to rei waixi In ivwers I dwell tl!rS s; a,;3 5th. t President A. L. Cox int ang August ; the chair. Meeting called to order promptly atv8':3o:-- 'SingingThejeAmeiic: ' froiri ilie "suffrage song book. Opening ' prayer by Mrs. Wareham. The President then addressed the meet-ing, expressed her pleasure at seeing so.. many 01 the "ladies at the close 01 the summerjvacatioh-Hoped they had formed resolutions to redouble their zeal arid energy I m ine goou cause 01 quai cigntsguringr 1 To gather ferns, and the wild blue bell; But of all fltfvy'rs I love the best The sweet wild roses of the west,' . Reminding me of lovers young dream j ,. Where wandering by brook and stream Oft in my girlhood's days of yore . lied come no dream has to more) (That I gathered roses' fresh and fain , hair in brown twin'd dark them ,And my How can I help loving them best Beautiful roses of the west.. r general terms.5 Throttghg ; fe&g?iage, the word. 'man'. is a common term , including women as well as man, eve.n by statute. Third; - The- - Igal.-Al- l "old.: laws also couched in general terms. Sir Edward . The late laureate, speaks of the liberties of men as widening down from precedent to precedent. We find that the liberties of women have, on the other hand been: narrowed down from... precedent to precedent She finds that women have been Oueen's 'thmingseason S tatehood andits" possibilities for the disfranConsort; Queen's Regnant,v and - Queen's There are many flowers by tae way side, chised half of the population. Referred egeiiULhatlas noble women they;" have" They've bloomd in beauty then drooped and wl th pleasu re to the presence of M iss Alice received homage, held courts baron, and """,; died; -That they could Chapin of Mass., who would now address held by military sen-iceO'er all the landscape green and fair ' the association. . ' be knights'; could and' did inherit public A masterjiand hath painted rare; - T Miss. Chapin expressed Ther pleasure in offices; could be high sheriff, high constable, 'mid all the splendor behold the green meeting' with the ladies of the W. S. A. high steward, high- chamberlain and goverOf nature's robe, she reigns as queen; and although' not a public speaker in the nor of royal castles. That as peeresses Yet in my heart 1 love the best usual of could was to and were the term, summoned to Parbe, acceptance they proud The dear wild roses of the west. , raise her voice in bejialf of equal suffrage. liament in person or by prox, I f While I dwell in my mountain home . Gave some very interesting reminiscences of That as countVx women thev could !v her father's experience ari abolitionist Freeholders: could elect Knights of the No dearer pleasure to me will come, Than to pluck the wildest llower that grows, and suffragist in connection with Wendell J Shire; could elect members 'bf private I of wild But best all,, love the . ; rose; Phillips, Wm. Lloyd Garrison, Henry boroughs, etc. ; And when life's feverish dreams areVer 1 J Blackwell and others whose friend and As Free women they could be members ' And 'mong the living I'm known no more he was. Told of the abuse and of Guilds; have Guilds of their ownrand I ask no garland upon my breast social ostracism they had endured as a did. In the .reipm tfiA.TTrMirK of Edward VIA O W "v Save only the wild rose of the west.for an unpopular thereis a petition recorded in the Parlimtn- penalty promulgating V L . : Sarah. Stock. Referred to the striking change ' tary rous, trom me "bilkewomen" and doctrine. in public sentiment which had taken 'Throwsters" of the "crafte" of "Silke"-work,- " in the last Said that place forty years. i,ooo in number, praying for leave HARVEST TIME. where the daily papers in the East once to combine, and asking for 'protection," gave a ; column of invective and sarcasm against the introduction of foreign manu Harvest time, and a bright glad sun, when mentioning a suffrage meeting, they factured silk goods. They were also free Sends its beams o'er the yellowing fields; now gave respectful notice in their local of the city of London, as were all who The heavy grain, and meadows, columns that such a meeting had been held. paid, taxes, "Scot and Xot;" and free of All tell of bounteous yields; The speaker had no doubts as to the ulti- other boroughs. They could oe members The clang of mower, and clash of scythe mate success of the suffrage- - movement. 6t corporations, and could vote for members Are gathering the yield of the soil; Thought all women should be preparing of Parliament. Every where is fruitfulness themselves for citizenship, lest they prqve The constructions put upon law, and the . To gladden the sons of toil. as incompetent in that capacity as some decisions of Sir Edward "Coke first seriously Miss Chapin's speech was assailed the liberties ofwomeh.-an- d We will gather it in with thankfulness; meii had done. ths-have well received and a rising-votat" the"close" been folio wdK by the increasing Truly Our God is good, testified to the appreciation of her audience. power, as tests of human value, of money For He rriiglit have sent us barrenness, ' x She was- - followed bv "Mrs. Wareham. nd military service. :r Through tempest wind or flood. " who endorsed the sentiments of tlie previous - We are so small to His mightiness," The author sees now the "turn of the So weak, so prone to wrong; speaker, thought the ballot in the haiids of tide," and sums up in her closing pages But from the "Strength of the hills" and valleys women would do much to rid thejiation of the work that has been, and.is being acthe sin and" infamy of the liquor traffic. complished . It is, however, still true, that Our God has made us strong. ' A comic speech bv Mrs. Sidwell was well whatever it is for women- - to gain, it isalsoL We were driven into the wilderness; received and occasioned considerable merri-- - - necessary to vigilantly hold and keep. We were scourged by tyranny's powejv ment. Aiier ciosmg remarks by tne.Jr resi- Tub Nkw Cycie. We wer6 sent tathrnulifaTnsolitude " . erton 1 o -- - -;- - - - - f T-7- : . "' r-z:- - -- " t , ' . co-labor- er . . I -- . - I - x . 1 . sweet-scente- d -- , ' : , - e -- - 8 ' " " ; " -- J. dent the .singing of the "Star Spangled Banner," the meeting adjourned till Aug. 28th. t Benediction byvMrs.. Kenner. ' ' ' A.. A. ... But how comes the promised hour, When Joseph's may succor their brethren, When the fruits of a harvest field Will be drawn from the wayward multitudes, Whom to righteousness will not yield. ' Let us gather in the harvest With joy .and praise, and prayer; ;. While giving thanks for the plenty Garner all with the greatest care; . . A SUGGESTIVE BOOK. M.- Three young Turkish recently arrived in France through a regular course of ing at French universities. is the daughter of a paslia. E. T. A very interesting little work by Charlotte Carmichael Stopes, entitled "Brit; n isn their Historical Privilege" has been recently issued. - U - - " This -- book is the result of careful and . Free-wome- v T' . a position as associate editor of the New Cycle, the official, organ of the "General Federation of Women's Clubs." A ; ' -- In humility praise the Giver For the fruits of the harvest field Remembering where much is given, In return we much must yield.. - fiss Helen M. Winsuhv has accepted ' . Griefith. women, have in order to go medical' trainOne of them comprehensive- - investigation of constitutional History", Statutes, Rolls of Parlia- 4 ment, State papers, and Works on Law. History, arid Archaeology, both printed and ' in manuscript of all sorts, ancient and modern, the facts gathered and classified, summing themselves under the Ethnological head, the Philogical, the Legal, the Historical, and the Biblical. In ;the author says in regard' her-prefa- ce Mary Frost Ormsby has for the fourth time been appointed by the American Peace Society a delegate ! to the Peace Congress, which meets in Antwerp, Aug. 29.' Miss Florence Nightingale - has been appointed an honorary president of the Tronical Section of the International Con- gress of Hygiene and Demography,' to be held at Budapest trom eptemoer 1 to 9. Ex. Miss Hamilton, of India, who has just been appointed the physician of the harem of the Ameer of Afghanistan, will be accompanied wherever she goes by a personal (hers. V;: Ex. guard of six native ...... - v 