WOMAN'S ' EXPONENT. 11C Exponent WOMAN 'S EMMELINE , D. WELLS, ANNIB WELLS CANNON iCamtiia), Editor. Editorial Contributor. semi-muuth- Terms; count to regular advertisers. H -- I . . in Salt Lake City, Utah. l, one copy one year, $i.oo; one copy six months, 5octs. No reduction made torclubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal dis- Published When in Chicago during, the "World's Mrs. Hyde consisting of music by the Fair the writer attended a "meeting and reyoung ladies at id songs by Mrs. Julia Druec ception given by some of the advocates of Ptigsley, an original poem by Miss Carrie' the Single Tax, and heard the' matter dis- Smith addressed to Mrs. bolomon, recitation cussed on its -- merits.;' It is not likely "Only A Girl" by Miss Abby Solomon and people will accept, this new doctrine very speeches by several of the guests including readily, but in New Zealand where, it has Sisters Zina D. II. Young, B. W. Smith Wells, M. L. & Elizabeth Nebeker. had partial application it had such good ef- E.-fect that the vote was overwhelming in Bishop Solomon, his' wife and others, in Sister Mary Ann Hyde spoke beautifully favor of its continuance, andjt-is'glve- n proof of itsbenent "That New Zealand Js in the gift of tongues, Sjster Zina D. II. the only country within the limits of our Young gave the interpretation, there were civilization which felt no financial quite a number of young sisters present who had never before heard the gift of depression and was unvisited, by panic dur. tongues; the evening was a deligh Jul one ing the past year." In brief the few important ooints are in every respect. The Exponent joins these.. First "Land in political -- economy with the many friends of Mrs. Solomon in means all natural opportunities, farms.villa wislii!ig.her :.many hapyy ' returns of the , fisheries, mines, lumber re- :day, with the blessings of health happiness sites, and prosperity, T gions, water power etc: Second "Man cannot live without land; REV. B. B. Nagarkek, of Bombay, without land he has neither clothes, food, India, is here on a visit, to our City, and shelter, nor the thousand and necessary to life, since none of these things expects to re.nain several days andt is exist except by the application of labor to understood (or stated), that lie intends to ' " make a study of the principles and doctrines land." Mr. Nagarker Third. "Thus the right to life involves of the Latterday Saints Brahmo-Somand was a is a priest of the the right to land." Fourth. "Therefore every man has an Delegate to the Parliament of Religions in The First Presidency. of the equal right to land with every other man." Chicago. ' The grand question involved in all this Church gave a reception in honor of Mr., & 5228 Constitution Build-nEXPONENT office, Rooms1! Main Street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Business hours from g, 10 a.m. to S p.m. every day, except Sunday; Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, B. so-call- ed -- . Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as 'second class matter. city-lots- Salt.Lake City, -- April 1,--1 .- 894- ' , THE PRESENT CONDITIONS. The many difficult problems which arise out of the condition of the country in consequence of the financial depression are hard to solve, various temporary remedies for existing evils are, suggested but none are sufficiently practical or far reaching enough to cover the ground. The present outlook is by no means bright considering things naturally, but to those who put faith in God there is a consolation, knowing that He careth for all. Man however is expected to exert to the utmost the ability with which He is endowed by, his Creator, not only for himself individually, but for The Savior's inhis fellow countrymen. junction "Love thy neighbor" would help things very much,' but on the contrary the application is made only to one's own, instead of one's neighbor. The great good of humanity is very little considered by the masses. The rights of each individual in relation to each other and to the great world of mankind is not sought out. To get at the root of the matter and seek out the - cause of-tdifferences between capital and labor, or between the government and the governed were a Herculean task, and even then were the "case analyzed what sort of Doctor could prescribe. And as we cannot revolutionize the world at large, it might .be well "to commence at home If the people of this Territory had, heeded the counsel of its first Governor Brigham toYonng, they would be day to a great extent. There would have been more manufacturing, and more paid laborers, and there would also have been more land under cultivation, and consequently more bread for the hungry. By this time the people might have advanced far enough to have established the United Order which far surpasses all the schemes and inventions of the modern novelist. Bellamy's ''Looking Backward" is as a cob house compared to the strong substantial structure on a firm foundation, which the united order presents, to the .student of ways and meansv by which to better the condition of the human family. The Single Tax people" think that a great reform in the financial and material elements of the world can be brought about through the practice of the methods advocated by them, indeed they are very sanguine upon the subject, and it is possible perhaps fof some improvement to be made, were they able' to educate the masses, or the majority of citizens in the ideas they are promulgating, . ! he self-sustaini- . . ng gs one-thin- - ' . aj . is, how to secure the land to which one is entitled without infringing upon the sacred rights of others. This will no doubt; hinder the conversion of many as it will be years before any amicable adjustment " "could be reached. In the meantime our advice would be to cultivate the land that lies waste' under such laws and regulations as now exist instead of idling away one's time in dispute over capital and labor, or in tramping Over the country in defiance of decency and good order. EDITORIAL NOTES. rrn rw nf f in r rC W ir auu a.. fli mv.a "rati iwiuvnv.v. nutiaiivLi ji ah, r.iA Thomas Jennings where he had the ppJ portunity of meeting not only the- - First Presidency of the Church but several of T , , the Apostles', and a few' of the most distinguished women of the Church, Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, Mrs. M. Isabella Home, Mrs; George Teasdale, Mrs. Minnie J. Snow and several other brethren and sisters. Mrs. Jennings house was artistical- ly decorated with flowers and trailing vines, and the dining room was tastefully arranged. The refreshments were certainly delicious and graciously dispeused by charming young girls. In fact the reception was a success, the instrumental music of Miss Celia Sharp and the vocal Mrs. NELLIE Grace late Secretary of by Mrs. Nellie the Relief Society upon the Sandwich Islands called at this office on her way home from her mission with her husband, her little girl accompanied them. Brother and Sister Grace have returned well; and testify that they enjoyed this foreign mis sion very much indeed. Sister Grace told us many interesting Uhings concerning the native women in the several branches of the Society over there. The sisters on those far away Islands are anxious to learn and to be in conformity with our organization in the land of Zion. Brother and Sister Grace have returned to their home in Nephi, after nearly three years sojourn in a foreign land where Mrs. Grace has been engaged in teaching and her husband in predching the Everlasting Gospel to a benighted people. . By invitation of Mrs. Jennie Hyde of the :22nd Ward in this City several of the sisters met at the residence of Bishop Solo?1 mon on Thursday at 5 p. in. March 22nd, in honor of the fortieth anniversary of the birthday of the Bishop's wife. The affair was perfectly, arranged and Mrs. Solomon had no idea of it until some of the invited guests arrived... Everything passed off very .n. 1 Druce-Pugsl- ey . addedfas good music always does to the enjoyment of the guests. Mrs. Pugsley besides singing a difficult opera, in which she reached the higher notes, the simple, s'weet.old "The Last Rose of Summer," in her very melodious voice and graceful manner. , bal-la- d The Woman's Mass Meeting held theatre March 29th, 1894 success numerically, and we it will be in the furtherance and promotion of the object of home industries and in the was a perfect hope and trust of the practice and sentiment manufactures. Seated Mrs. W. S. McCornick presided. on the platform beside the speakers were Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall, Mrs. M. B. Salisbury, Mrs. C. W. "Bennett, Mrs. George A. Lowe and others. Dr. Ellen B. Furguson was the first speaKer, maKing a very auie enuiuu work interest of home products and the to be done in promoting the various enterprises. Mrs. Kinney's was a written paper and dealt with the ethical. Mrs. Froesietli was forcible and very much in earnest, Mrs. Elmer B. Jones was a very able address and hn hppri liicrlilv snnlren of. The last born speaker Mrs. Emily. S. Richards was in Utah and consequently was familiar. and the refreshments were both with the efforts made, in the early days, pleasantly delicious alid abundant and in great and was well prepared to speak understandvariety. After a social hour or two enlivened by ingly upon a subject which she had been. aC- instrumental music and songs, a in her childhood.' The ladies program taught arwas carried out under the management of quitted themselves creditably and it is ; '" 1 j f 