102 WOMAN'S sons unto us. Let me exhort you to be faithful. Think of the privilege you have to work in the temple, to liberate those who are waiting for redemption. Said many, other good things. A sister in the congregation, bore her testimony,, told of a child of hers that had been dead five minutes, and was then restored to life by the ordinances of the Gospel, made other remarks. Sisters Larsen and Jean Peterson, each spoke, felt to glorify God, and desired to . help build up ihe kingdom. ... Sister M. Wilcox, felt to bear her testimony, and spoke at some length on Temple work. EXPONENT. We raised the heroes, we imbued their souls wih the love of freedom and caused them to sustain a George Washington and his friends. I have often heard my grand father tell of the scenes of the revolutionary war, my father of that of 1812, when the sonr of theVlad tidines of the freedom of our country was sung. There is a grander beyond, grander than words can express And when we see our country almo: t wrecked sometimes by policy and party that almost drowns principle, we are led to ask where are the heroines of the last days: Or in this extended time of our country, when with glory women may maintain and retain honorable principles and bestow In view of them uoon their offsDriner. this and kindred questions we have met to gether today to cultivate and try to stimulate these glorious . principles, and to let the nation know that we appreciate our ' Coun. E. Stevenson, bore testimony to the efficacy, of fasting and prayer, said , we draw nearer to Him in thisjway, and He -- turns none away empty who come to Him in this wray. Gave other good instructions. Sister Mary Alice Lambert said, I feel country's inheritance, and that the mothers thankful and full of gratitude to God for have something to do in the matter. Let us the many blessings he hasbestowed on me: not lose sight of it. These are the I feel to devote my life and my all to His principles of mv heart and always have cause. I pray for the Holy Spirit in us all been; and let it be remembered that, Ihat we may be saved with the iust. though many of us have passed along in Sister Palmer bore her testimony,- also time to see the sear and yellow leaf, "they that plant pears" "plant for their heirs," Sister, Diana Reid, and Sister Smailey, Sister Paul told of blessings promised her, this is what we are doing, ladies. The and the labor she had performed as a remajor portion . of us have passed the sult of their fulfillment. v meridian; but the glory of our hearts is to J Prest. M. I. Horne, I am sustain principles that are correct, we are glad of the testimonies that have been borne. Our battling lor them today. Let us not desert our posts. As Toseph Smith used to ob priviliges are great for we can meet to' gether, that our souls may be fed. I am serve, 'stand to the rack, hay or no hay. ' so thankful that the Church property has I was glad to meet with our sisters in the been restored, I feel that God is ' working Grand Congress of the world. There :we in His own way, and His own time. The were sisters, we are the same here today. key .was turned to favor Zion, when the I could almost say like one of old, "Let thy Temple was dedicated. Herequirs us to servant depart in peace,for I see thy glory." be humble and faithful, and prepare for These are the feelings of our souls. May His second coming I mv sisters we yet attain to our frights may it be'our that we shall have a prosperous and Happy happy lot to obtain our rights is my. desire New Year. and prayer." . . . The President next introduced Hon. Meeting was adjourned for two weeks. Sang "The time is far spent." Bene-- , John E. Booth as one of the most disdiction by Sister J. C. Howe. tinguished gentlemen of the territory, with a request that he should address the meet,:i L. D. Aider, Sec. . - . feel-wit- h " ing. A WOMAN'S ASSEMBLY. On February 3rd at 3 p. m. there .was a large and influential gathering of ladies and a few gentlemen in the 14th Ward Hall in this City: the stand and platform were apand several dispropriately decorated tinguished representative women beside the speakers occupied the seats on the platform. The Secretary having read: the call for the meeting, President Emmeline B. Wells said she simply wished to state that- - the meeting had been called to create an interest and awaken a sentiment upon the subject of Woman Suffrage. --There was no par- ticular business to be transacted, but some speeches would be made upon the question. She then called upon the audience to sing Mrs. Julia Ward Howe's ' 'Battle Hymn of the Republic.!' This finished, Dr. Barney offered prayer, and the song "New America" was then sung. The President then introduced Mrs Zina D. H. Young to address the audience. She said: "Ladies - and gentlemen gentlemen and ladies we have met together today upon a grand occasion, at least to my heart. The words of our first song referred to 'Our Country.' That will be my text if I take one 'Our Country.' Ladies: If it needed heroes for our countrymen, where were the heroines? ; Mr. Booth said: "Mrs. President, women and men: I scarcely understand why I have been permitted to be here, and I do not understand exactly why I should receive such a flattering introduction. But I presume it is right when things are offered to us freely that we take them. I will say this, however, that I think my introduction here is probably based more upon my zeal on this subject than on my ability; because if my ability were equal to my zeal I feel that more would be accomplished in this line. I, do not remember when I first commenced thinking about this matter, but it appears to me that since thinking about it at all I have never seen but one side. It may be that I am prejudiced; I think about that sometimes; but I will say this, that I regard women very much as I hear the report of wines the older they are the better they are: I believe I am right in that, with no disrespect at. all to the young ladies, for all they have to do is to wait and they will get there. It is within the reach of all of them. But I realize this: that pursuit of happiness that that embraced in its practicable application, women. I (regard it that should be meaiit. they rights, and will have thein, though they have not had the privilege of enjoying them. But as we get along hff cast their civilization, coming events We are getting nearer shadows lefore. desired1 am and I this end, thankful to ' avery has taken front rankr in say that Utah, to with But some rights I this. regard am. almost inclined to believe that the women of Utah have passed over the. line of right and been granted some privileges that have, not been granted to others. Still I have no fault to find with that; be cause it would only be right if they got many more privileges over what they have been deprived of in generations back. But in regard to property rights, we find that the property rights of women in this Territory are beyond what they are in other places. Under the old law woman, had j very little property rights. Her personal property when she was married went to v her husband. While she might keep the title in her name, all rents went to her husband,, aud she lost her legal identity when she became married. I find that has passed out of date. In 1870, twenty- four years this month, as I now remem ber, the women of this territory were given their franchise, and under the same law not practicanj me same law, out soon alter that time, they were given the right to hold property in their name, independent in every respect irom tne control 01 tneir iasband. That law provided that in the case of property acquired by descent, or gift, or inheritance. That law, however, did not provide for their purchasing two think but I years later that property, law was amended so that they acquire property, and all the property a woman held before they were married and alter, whether acquired by purchase, gift or descent, should be hers absolutely, and without the control of the husband. The same law provided that the right of dower in this .territory should be abolished, placing men and women on an equal footing in regard to property. That law was enforced for seventeen years and enjoyed by women to the very great benefit of all the people of this territory. .Women did not receive Hhe benefit of it alone, but it was ' a benefit to' the territory, and I say the women handled that question with very great credit. Perhaps they did not understand as much about it as some men do, although they have the pleasure of knowing that they did understand the subject as well as some men did. And that brings me to this point: is there any objections to granting vomen the right cf franchise? It is said they possess certain disqualifications by reason of their being women and that therefore there are certain rights they should not enjoy, and that men, by reason of their being" men, should enjoy. I have, however, discovered that every objection that has been raised on that ground applies to men as well as to women have these -- . -- To be Continued: t - the higher thecivilization, the true civilization mankind attains to, the more respect is Mrs. Sophia Braeunuch; business to More woman. paid rights are given her. manager of the Engineering and Mining not No, rights. They have the" fights. oi New York, was by a recent I believe that the true meaning of the Journal action of the British Imperial Institute-mad- e Declaration of Independence, wherein it says one of the twenty life fellows of that that all men are created equal and endowed honorable organization. She is the only with inalienable rights, life, libertv and the woman, member in the United States. - 