112 WOMAN'S EXPONENT Cornelia H. Clayton was elected president, with Mrs. Eliza --Taylor first counselor fwhick Dlace she occunied fbrmerlv ntid Mrs. A B. Selk as secon4 counselor, Miss Ida L Cheveras secretaryfand Mrs. Mat-ti- e Nelson s treasurer, these ladies were set apart by Bros. John and Partridge of the Stake Presidency. A vote of thanks was tendered thei retiring ladies, and President John spoke very kindly of their good work in the Primary I j . . . Sister SaralTE. Cluff, who formerly acted as second counselor, felt that the many trials through which she had passed in the last year7 rendered it necessary for a time." 'Felt to sustain the new officers with all her heart. Mrs. duffs labors have been highly; appreciated, and the blessings of the Association attend her in her 'retirement. c xi Kinuj anaj encouramii? o were o r mmrs said and conference adjourned for six ' 1 Ida Cheevers, Stake Sec. THE FIRST WOMAN LAWYER. Elizabeth Jenkins, , AUUliVUMJ V V. , V U A A y A Vcfr norpntc fiff nrr years ago. In 1852, she was married to James B. Brad well, arising young lawyer. and under his instructions began the study of law. She was the first woman who applied for admission to the Bar. in the United States Her application was refused, but she carried her case to the Supreme Court . of the "ixritTi ':. ? her admission and marriage was a bar aeniea ner petition. Twenty years afterward this decision was reconsidered and reversed, and' Mrs. Brad well was admitted to the Bar. In the meantime shehad established the Legal Bradwell was a woman of much ability and character, and always a warm advocate of equal rights for her sex. Ex. Mrs. GOD GIVE US MEN. God give us men! A time like this demands Grea. hearts, strong minds, true faith and willing . ".' hands. Men .whom the lust of offices does not kill: Men whom the spoils of office cannot buy; Men who possess opinions and a will; Men who have honor, men who will not lie. For while the rabble, with their thumb worn . creeds, Their large professions and their little deeds, Wrangle in selfish strife lo! Freedom weeps, Wrong rules the land and waiting justice sleeps Oliver Wendell Holmes. IN MEMORIAM. It is with deep regret we record the death of a beloved sister, Esther Catherine Park Lusk, daughter of John and Matilda Park; she was born June 1 2th, 1838, Gibson Co, Tennessee, died October 29th, 1893. Losing her father in Tennessee she moved with her mother to Illinois A V V W.W. W U 11 UlUUJi A 11 lilt OUiliUlWi she came to Utah with her mother, shi was oaDtizea in ner cnnanood. j March 5th, 1854 was married to John Winters Lusk, making their home for a short time in Pleasant Grove, Utah Co., moved from there to Wellsville, Lacne Lo. where they resided five years. of RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. li 1867 I SHIPP DR. MAGGIE OBITUARIES. , Her parents were Eben and Abigail Colby. 5VlF Tl7Pnt Sec. Malad City, Dec. 26, 1893. Mrs. Myra Bradwkll, editor of the Chicago Legal JVews, died Feb. 14: She AAA . : anv 1 n. . Associations; . ! n, m -t-w- LusSanc! and grave; one infant son and thrte daughter sin the she where Malad Malad to Valley, City, family prime of life. These daughters left an infant son resided at the time of her dtmise, she was the each, and upon the motherless children she mother of eight children, seven of .whom are livbestowed great labor, love and care, until she twenty-nin- e too was called home. ing, and grandmother to thirty-seveof whom are still living. Shortly before her death she and her husband When the Relief Society was first organized in .with the members of their familv. 1C" ; ; nnip ilw v.V t.. Malad City, in 1873 she was chosen for second brated their Golden Wedding; an event forj which Counselor to the President, when a change was mey nau an waueu wuu iouu anticipation. made in the President five years after she was And that death should have entered the family again chosen second Counselor which office she circle so soon alter is sad indeed, and her loss held at the time, of her demise making her term falls most heavily upon her companion of fifty of office twenty years, she was also a subscriber years. to the Exponent. She was a wise Counselor, Sleep on in peace and take thy rest, faithful in her office, her heart ever open to comThv work on earth is o'er . sorrow-strickefort, bless and encourage the poor and Thy weary feet have found sweet fest Her death has made a great vacancy ..... Upon some fairer shore. . .. in our midst, we miss her in our meetings for added to her many virtues punctuality was fore Sleep on in peace, beloved one, most. The morn will soon be here She has left a character of sterling integrity, we shall meet eternally When and a having been a faithful wife, loving-mothe- r, And not for life's brief sphere." bright examole to all around her: she passed Elizabeth G. Watt. away sunounded bj her husband and family, she was so well knowp and respected, that it seemed the whole valleys mourned with the bereaved SUKGEOX AND ELL SO S family, by he procession that followed her reDr. PP . ACC0UC1IEU1L mains to their last resting place, Diseases oi Homes a Specialty. Faithful in life and true unto death, She has left this dark valley of care Will begin her next Class April 9th. Reviews To join with the righteous who sing the new song given to former students free of charge. For Of the saved and the sanctified there. particulars enquire personally or by letter at No. 18 Main St., Salt Lake City. President. Ann Sawyer, - i htr In 1S66 she icmcved vulh death of Mrs. Annie K. S moot vacated all the county officers. Mrs. The- recent Will commence her next class in Since God in His infinite wisdom ano! mercy, has seen fit to remove to another sphereof action our respected and beloved president, "Anna K. desire to express our Smoot, we her j' appreciation o her virtues and the great loss we have sustained. ,She was a dutiful daughter, an earnest seeker after truth, a noble and devoted wife, a wise mother; and filled her position as President of the Primary Association in an exemplary manner. In every step of life wefirmly believe she has pleased her.Heayenly Father by her steadfastness of purpose and integrity. Therefore be it resolved that we tender our sincere sympathy to the bereaved husband and family, and her large circle of friends. Resolved: that we este jm her labors for the past f ten years as President of the Primary Association of Utah Stake worthy of emulation, and respect. Resolved: that her memory shall ever be held in loving remembrance by her fellow laborers, and the children whom she has taught in those principles that will lead them back to God. Resolved: that a copy of these resolutions be embodied in our Primary Recordsand published in the local paper, the Deseret News and the Woman's Exponent. Eliza Taylor, First Counselor. stetricsand Nursing on Monday, Ob- -; April 16. co-labor- ers Office: 34 East 5lh South,. .TelepHone 383. j Sarah E. Cluff, Second Coun. Will sell you any Shoe In their Mammoth Store at actual FACTORY COST PRICE;; Commencing DON'T MISS THIS SAIjU. 57 SOUTH MAIN ST. OMAS 26, 28, 30and32East 1st SouthSt., Mabel Pratt, Secretary. Ida Cheever, Asst. Sec. . Provo Jan. Ottille Maeser Treasurer. Monday January 29th and continuing for 30 days. ' SALT LAKE CITY. . 28, 1894. After an illness of three weeks, Sister Martha Seed Thornley, wife of John Thornly, died at her residence in Layton, Davis County, Utah, on the nth, of Dec. 1893 from the effects of pneumonia, superinduced by la grippe. Sister Thornley was born in Preston, Lancashire England,-Sep22nd, 1819; where she was baptized a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints, by Jos. Fielding in the year 1837, being among the first to receive the Gospel in England. She helped to administer physical comforts to the late President Heber C. Kimball, Dr. Willard Richards and many other Elders during their missionary labors in Lancashire. With her husband she emigrated to Utah in in time to share with the saints the i855,.an-iyinhard winter of 55-Very sbon after they removed from Salt Lake to Kaysville, Utah, and located on Kay's Creek, which at that time could boast of but three settlers. Sister Thornley has ever been a liberal and faithful member of the Relief Society and in the early days was an active teacher and up to her dying moments, she was a zealous Latter-daSaint. The deceased was the mother of seven children four of whom she lived to see consigned to the The Leading Retail Cash HoTise MAS R!r . g Ins Inst a .yo-Dii- nbn Keeps on Hand . 6. y . DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- - POISE WAISTS, ETC. Dress Making In all Its branches, WlUInery late strles. Hat and llanneta cleaned and retnmmcu order. But Feather curled, etc Stamplnar o ; VTA 1 b. Ilarlal uit Specialty STKEET WEST TEMPLE Stables. ns cor ered while you wait. -- Opp. Grant Eros. 