WOMAN'S EXPONENT ... 4.. I'TAIf. TO t ui:i'Our. N,V to .the effect thaLJbecau.v of Kimball's faithful and diligent laorh in the interest N.TION J UH 1 i L' UV I94 1 ; " there is less, to' report oF actual suffrage 'work. Hut we might truthfully say that the entire 'tendency of all that was accofn- ;plished was in that direction. Utah may be justly proud (among other things) "of her silk exhibit made in the Woman's Building ' This industry per at Jackson Park. manently established aviII help women in and the future to beamie will also be remunerative to the territory as well a to tlui producer. "Recently the committee" o women, who prepared the silk Vexhibit for the World's Fairr formulated a iM'titinn atid had it- Presented to the Lepv i islative Assembly (now in session) asking for a bounty on cocoons, and a bill has also belli introduced urging the granting of "the same, the ladies having appeared before onnortiinftv where rthev had-th- e rnmniittpps rt-of speaking upon the matter as a woman's measure, 'which practically illustrates the neea oi representation oy means oi votes as Vwell as influence. The interest taken by the women of the" -- '"-'- - ob-iectioria- . semi-weeklie- ' 1 ; - . vtrs -T-lie-foremost- The women of Utah are powerless toca certain extent, and cannot have the same enthusiasm in the 'suffrage cause, knowing-tha- t a Jaw of Congress toolTa way the frair chise, and therefore the Legislaturehow-eve- r willing, cannot restore it until Congress, revokes the act or Utah becomes a y' has The present Legislature :.;:.:.;.- - ' semi-annu- . presented a bill proposing that one or more women u. minoniy- j snail ue appuiuicu uii uuarusin-01 education.- insane asylums and reform - I j is still pending in the council. October 5th the annual convention of the W; S. A. of Utah and election , of officers was held, and Mrs. baran xM. Kim Dan, trie very able and efficient President, resigned on account of ill health. Mrs. E. B. Wells ,vvas nnanimniisK' p1ertedlhviiallQt to fill the vacancy; Mrs. Wells offered a resolution " ; al " 1 V li I.L S. ' . j ' .' . age- - 2ty . advised Shirley to take a house separate from his mother, as she would" never conCPtlf tri 9U' rf. tllf fomr (!fMni "Poor little woman" said the Gentry. d man, she needs sympathy now - one. can go wjth trouble. "The only one who never ofrave vOu un when Jvon mv'bov . were away so long." Eleanor would not write to, Shirley, he had tried to defend his . mother to his wife, . 1 . and had made matters worse, and sothe young wife waited, wreeping and hysterical. "A pretty scandal this will make" said rtentrv to Miriam tizkhw in hJrlfv'c wife,' I have no patience with such nonsense." "Hush mother, for pity's sake," saia iNiinam,' sue win near you,- her ears are so quick to catch a sound," but it was already too late, she had heard and felt the" sting; ana trembling in every limb and' weak from excessive grief, she put on her hat and cloak disguising herself as mucli as possible went down the garden walk and was away upon the high road, long before any one knew she had left the '.house. Miriam was not aware of it until she wentinto the room with a dainty lunch to try and tempt her appetite. . When she saw iuc luum uesertea sne jeic posiuve wny sue- "hiSrl flnA hut with iiivuuuv vnv. iiuiu ;ui, J n lit! .v, 'Pli OVTdlV.ll ttilnrrc nwn inrl ftrA tn fnr raAW UUU liar llV.ii v..i wuiiij 11 jr ailU tut was ain r.J she sent her little brother ted with a message ;butM.f sTTarton-interceothe note,, and though the vonn 3 t J 1. 1 J" 1.. ll ,t AJ ine mother ausuitiiu was ueany uisiracieu, did not relent! Wheji Miriam found ouiiiey iuuk no nonce 01 ner message ana did not come, she waited for the dawn of day and commenced inquiries on her own account, before noon Mr. Barton had heard - -- s, e '. and love, sue is tne very person to whom - l- H. kind-hearte- . - , eaxuetcmeji-bee- ri Avomen of the movement had never given the. question of the ballot any serious state. -- - .. R 1,1 N H 1 g , I her owiu accdrd(; but if you' go after her .the Shirley coaxing her she'll .be . . . v trying . it same imug again aouoiiess, Kicnarg was positively forbidden to go, but Mr. Barton ; several places the V. S. A. officers have called a social meeting to consider bills, and have DreDared and adopted resolutions protesting against excessive taxation and other things -- of which This public expression they disapprove of opinion shows that women . are fully awakened to the, injustice of being governed without their consent, and taxed without representation;; In consequence of the financial depression caused by the, depreciation ' of silver ana subsequent ciobing ui suver mines in this Western country', women citizens in ci tnacc" tnppfi'noQolt T ol'.v t' rvi 11 vhich was held. July 27th, and prepared a memorial to Congress and had it numerously signed p;ettiug"fortIi "r the"factsiu au able' manner, and asking for favorable legisla- tion 011: the silver question; the addresses were patriotic and tilling. This meeting, which was crowded to overflowing, was in-- , directly a step towards suffrage, for many of those present realized how mifth more potent the effort would have been had these II M C0nti1iued From - " , HK CO.VHTH NOT. ; . turecTearly proves that they are becoming: conscious of the needs of the hour. In "'.-.- tr 1 - ', V - -- 7 mitted;: . - g, . ., 1 . L. . of the she ' should' be made Honorary President for life; which was car ried Jiy the entire assembly .CL' ' In August Club and the I Uta- h - - I S . &rv-J- ' av lawn pa rty , a t w h eft fj jtfit&a y ; ot n occasion 57 tile" whole tendency was in- favor of suffrage. Hon . George Q. Cannon , for many years delegate to Congress from this territory; delivered an eloquent and forcible address on the subject... .An. assembly of women under the . A. was auspices of the Territorial W. and held February 3, 894, was very largely attended byboth men afnd women; the object being' to awakfeH'u; interest" on the question under consideration and give- to passive and juidifferent people some sound and wholesome .reasons for the faith and hope of the believers in woman suffrage. Xogical and vigorous speeches' were made by both inen anH women, Hon, John - K. Booth, of the present Legislative- Assembly, ' making the principal address. We are very touch blessed here in having, a woman's newspaper in yhich minutes of meetings of the W. S. A. in all- parts - of the territory appear from time to time, and there is always a woman : suffrage depart-men- t especially devoted tbV information on this important subject. The Deserct Eve-ninNcivs amlS Lake Herald (Xh last a morning paper) (dalies) are always willing to publish news of importance for the suffrage association and are on the right side of the question. Besides these city, papers there are a dozen or more ; newspapers, weeklies and in the several counties, willing to publish any matter favorable to the cause. So as far as press notices go, "we are well supported. Our new Press Committee this year are young women-r-Mis- s Mary M. Wells, chairman and we feel confident of their ability to do good worjc in this direction J have tried to ascertain how large a proportion of the taxes in the territory are paid by Women, but have ;only succeeded jn gathering reliable information from one county, where it. is - stilted 45 per cent. ofv the tax is paid by women who own their own homes or are property holders, yet have rlo vote 'or voice in controlling mat- . ters pertaining thereto. The sixteen counties where auxiliary associations have been organized, are general- holding legular meetings and doing good work; the advice given them this year has been to ask permission tO meet with the county boards of education and get practical ideas -- and knowledge of the methods of action, so as to become familiar with the. rules and regulations in such work, as in all probability the positions on school boards will be the,; first offices to wlich .women will be elected when the franchise is expended to them. - Our convention will be held in April, at which time wc hope to be able" to give such instructn- - and information as may be received from the general conven-- : tion at wasnington. .we have great anticipation for the present year, realizing as we do, most emphatically, that whether women are ready of not for the ballot, universal suffrage will soon be accorded to the wojen of this nation; and it behooves all who have the matter at heart to be diligent in season and but of season, to create a public sentiment JWorableJo wise ;; in the premises; when the long looked asW-iation- ,' This year i.Syj was5, so - much of it de wiu .uiuuiwiau i a jw-- umii uiai until self-supportin- for '"opportunity shall arrive. Success to the honest endeavors of all who are laboring with zeal and enthusiasm in the cause so dear to the heart-- of humanity. M rs fc- - - ta-Shir- ley : , knew wlnthen life . ZZ For the first time in his , severely reprimanded by his fath'ir.'and Mrs. Barton who heard the stinging rebuker said placidly, "She's gone to her grandma whom she adores more than Before she any one in all the- - world." could say more Shirley had left the house ' forever. I will find her dead or alive he soliloquized why have I been' so foolish, Miriam must know I'm goin- - in search of her, and he dashed off a note in pencil as he vaiis.cu twvarus uie station ana raanea it to Miriam expressing the wildest love for his wife and the strongest friendship and grati' ' tude to herself. , Y oung Mrs. barton had takeir a night train for Bristol and gone to that large city instead of going home, in fact she could not go direct, ' not even by coach , she had thought of watkiritr but was too wwl-- to undertake it, and the idea of tion had never entered her mind. She was ndt without money and-habrought with all ler here welryr"Shirieyent to n too and from one. inn to another for he tol, Shirley-wa- s -- & self-destr- uc d Bris-actio- r . . 