TV-- - i ATOM AN'S'EXPON K NT 178 . i a brief ocean science or power,, rnaue recently com She lived on the continent in Germany and ;ihg; mine saraeiime, alscyv, some "and with their Madame countries' other years 'daughter Cathari. while .she was .writing JWW I: . . entire-UiiKrritrtnis- . 4 - ' l f visit-toCanad- Flavatsky oi juaname ,Blavatsky and the Secret Doctrine; :J She n India, making, a 'pent lastwjnter-i"study of its. people, and their strange jdoc- tnnes and customs. ectured in this city several times on ' The.osphv and Pnce upon India" . As a lecturer the Countess is very entertaining, her voice is singularly pleasing; and her manner quiet and prepossessing. She is now in the Last, but will sail from New York in the Autumn and expects. Annie Bessant to , HAWAIIAN ISLANDS, 7th of tAiil ; ferret Makanoe expressing for: ence. Bk&jt, officers "or anrepresentatives RrS. AXI) P, A. REPORTS, : ly : Sister a; f; - of the difieiem.'uiuncue, oearing gooci testimonies to the Gospel and expressing a desi re to perfbrrfr their pailTirthework of pi acedupon them . 3: TIi e"repoftsFwzlfc terspersed Vvith, singing .and other exercises. ot the different-A sketch by spcieties organized among Hwaiiii wTomeh -' Jhej)d wa a bright lovely day upon tlie sunny Isles Tof rtlie seaY and.how happy all wre to think we wrere thus highly favored with good -- weather when our little folks were to assemble in being: particularly interesting;" Sisters. Davis and Harmon general conference of the islands--. It was to the sisters ' and gave" gcod instructions encouraged each r to be indeed a beautitul sight to witness tlie "faithful in the "performance of their duties, MHope of- Israel" bedecked irCbriglil . General and " Local Officers were sus-"- : colored ribbons -- and: wearing gay.badge ined and with siuinir and praver meet theatfxriaviiigbir bearing the inscription ' 'Ilui Kamalii, for six months. was iiiAttstrp. Association.) The girls were in ingMuch adjourned (Primary durwill remain to where India they 'gether energetic labor lias been performed -wmlte'withbeautifulrwreafhso ' the winter. ing coming branches, on their heads. ' and tlie boys neat, and among the societies in the different r" the with conversations 'fromi in is wliat judging them required of respectably clad wore wreaths- - upon their instructing Countess one would infer, that she "was greatboth officers and members, referring them ; '".: t'-. hats... , ly attached to her home in Sweden, but she The. divisions were separated by a hum-- . to the teachings of Joseph the Prophet and ' seems very zealous in theosophical work jQheJlLettejoUnstructioiis"-- i beiLofright4ahuers and flagsbeajmg-ap-- :and eecsitoijdevote ' mottoes. I he whole m appearance their benefit propiate advancits and principles' ;"'td"promulgating Iach society has" been visited and some a portable flower garden put on a resembling ing its interests. Vve made in officers hope : parade, the fiovers'clistilling perfume in the changes for the better. ..which will ; prove 1 passing breeze and imparting a delightful the" 28th of May a Primary AssociOn fragrance all around. The services were ation was EDITORIAL NOTES. of organized called to order by Counselor Maggie Davis. The children sang "O come Honolulu With a membership - . of aboit " a five bright little childrenWednesday evening, August Sth, The of-children come," prayer was offered r by thirty few ladies met at the parlors of Dr. R. B. , Naihe. Singing, "Little children ficers are Makanoe, President,- Kakoe and5 lratt in honor of her birthday anniversary; .Master Keonohe, love each' other. " Roll called and minutes Annie Kauluko Counselors; and love .esteem oi many expressions Assistant K.aua, Secretary; ; of previous conference read and approved. Secretary;. ' ' , Treasurer. Makanoe, read Davis. was .Financial Sister by report Our desires as missionary sisters are to her, and she ".was also congratulated" upon A Letter from President Libbie Noall to the her courage, perseverance and success in Association was read accomplish much good. to our sisters who-hav"by Sister Makanve. been The the ; she hav'hig been less favored than ourselves, and was then following )rogramme from womanmedical the first the graduate rendered by the cnildren, eviiic- - the w'brds of 'our SayioTre verified wherin Lcreditably ' E. a Doctor S. Territory,. Barney verjT. care and study in the preparation s He says, that 'they that be whole need not a read a written "ing dear old friend of are sick. " and reflecting praise upon the labors of the physician but: they-tli" -"tribute which was very complimentary and : K. D. M. -.1 1,. Sisters. also prophetic. beautiful flowers Many, Bible Sentiment: by the Association, we're: presented, and a handsome volume of ONKlDASTAKK. Address, Ilattie Song Jean Iugelow's Poems from tlie ladies of the Opening a number of Kekuku; little girls; "DiaQuarterly Conference of the Oneida , Greeting, pa rtyrr- - M rsr Pratt smHlieT7was presenF logue, Sam Kii and Richard Kalili; RecitaRelief Stake Gentile Society, was held-a-" '" and shared in the "congratulations, a .woiT- :: V 'Aue al iia P Mormon - and Kepa Song k 10th, S94 ley, Ju woman in ' her tions, derftilly ' Our com met Mink at Hamana Kalili. Creek, June Boy," panr Manuscript Paper,.. eightieth year. Mrs. P." P. Pratt, Junior, "Hope of the of Adeline Sister Victoria Nainoa, 9th, consisting Barber youth,'' favored the company with some, exquisite ' "of Cache President the and Answers Relief the "Life of ,,6n Questions Valley Society, piano music, choice and difficult selections Christ," by the Association. 'Hlizabcth Sister President of Oneida Fox, Song "Little Mrs. Lizzie Shipp sangt finely of vvater." Recitation, r Iva Kekuku; Stake Relief Society, her two counselors y "The Bridget in her sweet plaintive wayr drops "Our Father in Heaven" translated Mary Hawks and I). H. Dudley; Miss Song, Altogether it wras a very pleasant "social and sung by a- number of little girls; Xillie Dudley and Elder Joshua Ilawks of affair. It is needless to add the refreshRecitations by Mauna, Sam Kii, and RichFranklin. We held a meeti n pments were plentiful and fully enjoyed by ard. Song, "Beautiful Day of Peace and lreekf at 2" o'clock President Christina all.-translated and sung by the large Keller presiding.' Bishop Rasmunson and rest, Mrs. Zina D. PL Young President of girls. iSong, "I'll be a little Mormon" by Counselors were also present. .The spirit the Relief Society .returned from Canada on the boys of peace was richly enjoyed and called forth , in excellent health The general officers at home and the much good instructions from each speaker. Thursday August-oAhand spirits after having - been absenta little local officers here were then unanimously After the close of theiueetiug we proover six weeks. Mrs.; Young reports sustained. A few" encouraging and ceeded on our way rejoicing over hills and remarks were then made by Elders through hollows on a mountainous road ; "everything favorable in the organizations in Canada. She attended several meetings Davis and Duffin. A donation1 was then decked on 'either y side .1 withlbeautiful , ' and a There tire given by the "parents for the Association to flovvers of every ,hue and ol?r by, green ,conferenceoL the sisters. three branches of the' Relief Society in that aid in the instruction of their children. grass and wild fruit trees hanging full of . locality, also Young Ladies' Associations The conference-wathen adjourned for six , fruit just forming intp shape, crossing and Pririiarjes andjthe sister are enjoying months by singing the "Primary March" streams of water which went creeping their labors", and were of course delighted and prayer by Wallace Brown. . under the great trees and bushes hurrying to have a visit from Sister Young, who The sisters assembled in Relief Society; along to join the river-belo"which swollen .always carries with her a cheerful," spirit Conference, of: the Islands,' Counselor Mag"-gi-e far beyond its usual bounds covered f and influence, and is greatly reverenced and Davis presiding". After the usual meadows and in some places grain. We ' beloved by all those with and for whom openingrexercises the financial and statistireached Thatcher ward just as the sun was V "" she labors having the interest of Zion at cal reports were read showingr468 members setting, and were kindly received by Bishop heart in all her numerous duties and the- 721 branches reported, 7 not reported,- numPond and wife. responsibilities which devolye upon her. ber of meetings- held 332, cash receipts forAt 10 o'clock Sunday morning wre repair- The. sisters Jiere jatjionie. will be glad to oISoTdisbursed to charitable ed to the meeting house, (which was set know that" Sister Young is at home again purposes $142,75 cash on hand $168.85. upon a hill with a splendid view of the and brings good news from relatives and J A fetter of instructions and encourag-men- t valley) and held the morning session of our- A tnends; Brother and Sister V B. Doucrali from President Libbie Noall waS read Conference, President Julia Pond presid- ' . - jom-lrerin-Errglan- ;T-jrK- ; 49 ; SKtet-MakaniH- I. i . ; , " ' - ; dj 'r-- -- . . : ' , ' , " herself-etfdttsirel- . y" : ' -- ' ;. T V - -- e-" mmgledwith-congratulatioiiwef- ; e medieaL-professio- n V - - ' Dr.-Pratt'- s at 1- :'- -- - ; - t ; -w- ell-preserved, - " - . 1 . - - - - riiL-jilin- . U , . in-;struct- ive -- " ruu-iiin- g - . - . ;' - . . , -- six-mo-nt -- 1 - . ' 