, jSta!io7is. Vol.. 23, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH'p .No. rr. v. CONTENTS: causes of her troubles, of alleviating, them. Cactus Papers, No. I.Cactus. - Sketcli of. the Work of, the U. V. V. Club Lydia D. Alder. Chaucer Gladys Wood-manseEcomy S. 1. Co. Convention Marv E. Irvine. R. S. and P. A. Reports; Woman SunTrage' Column. Notes and News. Editorial; The Congress, of Representative ' Women. Editorial Notes., Poetry: I Come Geranium. .Woman's Freedom W. G. Bickley. " M.. - ! 1 M. 6 . , I In regard to the exposition of "the social .condition of the! Eastern States,- I have so i nothing to say." The gentleman has lived ' nvc w n long .remained in .ignorance- - ofny sentiments, and wha .true has transpired to aniong JC-Oug- -- lit ltq,k.nov-v.hcfef6f;he ! be " . . " f -- -- -- -- COME. the peopler and made a of the question,,. study , s5eaks. Z But his con elusions as 'to the cause of this deplorable state of .atraifs, whidi-niay-summed up " in the grand finale 'Woraan su ffrage is the wedge which' is rending asunder,disrupting the very foundation of the social fabric," uttered with a force and fervor indicative of personal con- viction, I ceriainly believe tobe erroneolis. Who ever heard of a revolution -- whichdid not cause a rending apart and disrup- tion of timehonored customs and opinions? But for this reason shall there- be no more revolts against Zxrtielty alid oppression? And where in the annals of history-cawe, find another-instancof. a revolution worldwide in its proportiou and in its effects. Without doubt the immediate result is strife, envy, and contention; but who will deny that the final outcome will be peace and prosperity? Only he whose vision is beclouded with the mists of. prejudice and -- -- arouse me from my lethargy. ThestarL a Question, says the author i fiuest,ons;"ami of jUieabove'.jneihioned'i.circii.ra stance is a proposition having, two or more sides to be considered. The above questions have, two sides, the sudorific and the active. In viewing the first, please bear it in mind that I have never felt myself to be l downtrodden. In the family of which I am a representative, "the female members have enjoyed as great if nor greater ad j vantages of education than the males. I :. was never debarred from performing any act Which I considered proper, provided-- ; it came within the limits of possibility. I have had offices heaped upon me until M hav.e'been sick, of the very name of- office y . I have engaged in various occupations, open alike to men and women, and have been treated well and paid liberally. In my domestic relations I have enjoyed the utmost freedom; nor have I heard any com'' plaint from the other side of the house of tradition. " Above being all, it has. The war has begun; the fiat gone forth, been a part of my education, nay, almost and an' effort of man to stem the progress of my- - religion, from baby hood,' to believe of woman W'lll be "equal to s implicitly in the justice, equity, and tbe task of emancipation changing the course of a mighty liberality of" the men of Utah, in their river. Our opposers have arrayed them- view's relating to my sex". I did not trouble selves on the .losing side, a side - that - will myself about suffrage, because I felt sure reflect no honor upon its adlierehts. .when the tiihVcame that our fathers, .husmay preach, la wyersv may. reason,; bands, and brothers could exercise that but the great march of enlightenment will freedom which is theirs, (and purs) by of their efforts. Women .divine-rightwe should stand side by side go on, regardless cry: "FieLwe have all the rights we with them-n- ot under protest, but as a mat- may want or need" Let them revel in their ter of course. small sphere. Their children and chilImagine then, 'my, surprise and conster- dren s children will enjoy the fruits, of nation .when confronted by a flat contrajust the same, and while' they ' diction of all my preconceived notions, in emancipation look back witlrpity or horror on the con- the form of a learned discourse from a dition of their grandmothers, they will, rise' favorite speaker and esteemed acquaintance, and call blessed themevojyofthose as he ably set forth the ins and outs of up brayeioiieersfntiaTlights ielj Constitutions. juid Consttti the. face, of pu blic opi n ion , to" raise the and devotedthelasthalf-hou- r to a fierce' standard of liberty before a benighted attack on the evils of woman's s uffrage. ":: .;' .. world. How wert thou fallen, then, my Utah "Rut why," queried a gentleman to heroes! Great and mighty the collapse of whom I expressed these opinions, "why - . . -- nui iei us retrospect.- e. . andthe best means 1 . TO HYACINTH. .. - For The Woman's Exponent: ' - : -- ' n ' s come, Dear Heart, at thy behest Thou wert so long in saying, "Come!" I queried if thy soul found rest, Or if thy lips were sealed and dumb. " Oh! joyous, blissful day, Like morn in rosy May, , Which gives thee power to say, Return, and with me stay!" T e - v -- - "hen-pecked.- - I bring thee back the Tove and hope, . Which thrilled, our hearts in hours; No more mid lonely shadows grope, We'll stroll again through. radiant bow'rs Thy. true hand clasped in mine,While beauteous wreaths we twine,.X Of leaf and flow'r arid vine, Where golden sunbeams shine. by-go- ne 7 - . .' . Now that we understand once more, ; The longings which our hearts enfold,' Fair Peace her gladness shall restore, " With Love's sweet whispers, as of old. I'll lead thee by pure streams, - - Where lighttceicstial gleams; I'm what my prese ice seems The Spirit of thy dreams. -- - " Geranium Nov. 3, 1894. . -- . Min-iuste- NO! 1, , . . . -- - with" the leaven of premdice. may thereM"TTj . . ,? not be tens, nay hundreds, who incline For reply, I asked him to accompany me likewise. Farewell, my ideal Utohian!' back to the Garden of Eden. "There;" he like most creatures of. the imagination, exclaimed, "like every other woman, you doomed to fall to the level of mortality. are going to mix up church and state, I'BELIEVE I have , always been a Thou too art now tainted .with the odor of politics and religion." suffragist; but the strange pastof it is, the earth earthy, and as such must be 'And; what of that?"; I retorted, "In I have never known it; but have remained dealt with. " The only my mind they are inseparable. in a state of quiescent neutrality for but I As I listened in open-eyealmost pure form of government on the earth you will not mention how long. I might have, astonishment to the revelations know to be founded upon the purest and remained in this uninteresting condition for of our learned friend, something:- - stirred " another interminable lapse of time, had it within my heart and brain, something most divine religious principles. !'IIe that hath an ear let him hear " hot been for a Circiwistancc, the result of hitherto dormant: and almost before I was 7 which has been, that those long hours of' aware, ana true to tiiereputation oi my The most skeptical will which sex, I leaped to' a conclusion without waitsleeplessness, due to hardly deny that originally than and wo.have hitherto been devoted to the concoc I was a wo- man were created equal; that through dising to examine tion" of impossible romances for the delecobedience to a. divine mandate, they both man suffragist before I left'the lecture-hall- ; tation of a long. sufferingx public, have now I am one still, and the more I reflect uporr fell from their high estate; that a curse was been turned into a new, and I trust., more it, the stronger grow my convictions. pronounced upon both, which , could only laudable channel. I have been led to reSo much for cause and effect. Now for 4reTnoTp7Dy7obedience to certain laws flect 'lpon the condition of my sex, the ; siraimJtance itself. given them lorthat purpose; 1 UNBIDDEN THOUGHTS. 1 d, r 1 ' open-mouth- ed . .anti-suffragi- 1-- 4 I rs - . 7 CACTUS PAPERS -- semi-invalidis- i m, the,-reaso- HI n st n. . . r - . ; 