WOMAN S EXPONENT 130 bereavement, buf we have come out of woman in describing her grief for "her late lamented husband" said "my grief was so intense that the hem of my veil was half a'yard deep jind touched the bottom of ray dress!" Delicacy would suggest retaining Babylon to rear our children in the light of revelation, let us keep their minds free from traditions and prejudices born of ignorance and superstition Let reason," good taste, and a delicate, sense of the appropriate on all occasions be our guide, and leteach person's individuality assert itself where matters of V the heart are concerned. I know many noble, brave women who have mourned their beloved dead with the most acute sense of loss and bereavement, yet wore no outward symbol of the grief within, and can sensible people honor them less for possessing delicacy and refinement that cannot be overcome1 by that whimsical monarch, Dame Fashion? We are one with those who are courageous enough to brave public opinion and maintain a respectful disregard for the long established custom of wearing mourning, and will not help to perpetuate Uhe growing tendency to unnecessary expense and display at the funerals of our loved ones. 'Bury me quietly when I die." ( the only part of the mourning apparel of any utility,the veil.which however need not necessarily be black, and its service is of no avail if worn, fluttering down the back, as the present style demands. As for mourning ornaments, who ever saw black flowers? Fashion and style may outrage nature, while true art imitates it; and to wear black flowers is in my opinion an insult to the lovely hued flowery kingdom, none of which were ever known to turn black even on the most solemn occasion the death of their own kindred. While I deem it a duty to seek consolation and ' happiness from all sources, and place ourselves under pleasant and cheerful influences, I have mentally exclaimed, "Consistency thou art a jewel!" while watching stylish mourning suits with crape trimming gracefully waving through the gay dance, while the smiling faces of the wearers betoken more joy than sorrow. On pleasure excursions and at places of public amusement i the mourning dress appears out of season: When one's feelings are under sufficient control to allow the , v Xiuik T. Freeze. A FEW SUGGESTIONS. X Editor Exponent and sincerity ' would suggest the wearirig Some time ago there was an article in the of a more suitable costumed There, are Exponent about . "Crowded. Out" women many good reasons for discarding ' this or mothers without homes of their own. fashion. How often does it' mislead in re.Reading and knowing something about to gard the feelings which it is supposed to aged mothers, l and mothers who are portray? For instance, one widow whose crowded out of homes, as it were, but are matrimonial experiences has been one scene not so well situated in this world as to have of conflict, unmarked by respect or affection, homes of their now as the writer and perhaps while sueing for a divorce, she is in the own, of life and ahas; blessing .death, kindly releases her instead of the for which sheevening feels very thankful to hers law, while her neighbor loses a congenial Father in heaven, and esteems it as a very affectionate partner and is overwhelmed inestimable blessing. I wish with genuine grief. Both wear mourning. great and there . ere more women and mothers that Which is the mourner? The heart broken, could say the same, I know there might be mother lays, her dearest treasure in the a great many more, if they had husbanded grave, and the woman, who has waited their spare means, those that were blest impatiently for the death of some distant with any, for a future day; but a gre a relative whose money she will inherit, both many have carried out the Irishman's don mourning. Which one mourns? he said, "if he never laid anything Then the expense and inconvenience of policy, for a rainy day it would never come," the custom is enough to relegate it to the up a and great many have to bear the consepast, especially by the masses.1 The sup-poquence of so doing; its very hard for them of the familyis taken away .sickness after raising large families to man and wonas aireaay incurrea aeDt wnicn tne iamily manhood. I heard of one grandma losmust still increase by getting the mourning her husband, her natural protector, he outfit, or be considered lacking in respect ing had been very good to her and to their for the dead. Extra and unnecessary exchildren while living; after his death she penses are thus laid upon the widow when was soon obliged to admit Jie was too old she is least able to sustain the expense which must become an injustice to children to live alone, well she began to think she could be useful in some of her children's among the poor, for the purchase of the families, to pay for her board, but mourning outfit would, in some instances be sufficient to pay a year's schooling for a she was soon made to see that none of her children to whom she had given the best family. Can a wife or daughter show, reof her life, welcomed her into their spect for a husband or father by bowing to part the dictates of this fashion, while the name families, and if they did take her in, it of the deceased is whispered hopelessly was on certain conditions. One would say I have trouble enough alreadywith my own among his creditors? family without caring for her, let some of Above all things, let us not crush the the others take her, "another one would say natural, carefree cheerfulness of the chiidren "I have had more than my share already." between the folds of this dismal garb, after The daughter-in-lawsai- d 'if she married the to them recover a sorrow, any help happy son she did not marry the mother, and frame of mind as quickly as possible; could not be bothered with her, their tastes Children's grief often arises from witnessing were so different. ' Her daughter said she wa that of others. Sad realities will come soon pboth willing and able to take care of her enough to check their fountain of happiness. mother but her husband was not he Iet it flow while it can without restraint; thought she was a little disagreeable. The It may , require some effort for parents to writer begins to think by this time that entirely abandon the custom of wearing grandma has had trouble enough with one mourning, when they have been taught and another of her children to make her a from childhood to regard it as a necessity in little disagreeable. . i . ' - rt . ; -- ; children ought to be more of a divine nature than this appears. How do such heartless or rather thought- ICbS ocFiia ui uauguitia jwuuw uui umi llieir V.UUUlkU H 111 kl V WAV- - tUL IJV IlllkU luv K'UW oia, wun sucn an example sec Deiore tnem' pYf omr it- won In harrilv he renfiotiahle tn rvvi ".nothing else; let such parents try and cultivate a little more sense or reason where its needed, and try to insure for themselves an easier time in the future by showing their children how grandparents ought to be treated, for much more may be learned by example than precept. Then there are children that think their mothers are very plain and homely looking, then they must begin to manoeuver a little to keep her in the back ground all they can, they lorget to mink mat she was rfr her young days handsome before those wrinkles and furrows came into her face, through the sacrifices she had to make by toiling early and late to make them comfortable and to get a little education for ; . tiiWJ-u- . r ; T urn uiiam auui uuiiis- wuuiU lulVe mademe,soI am not quite so angelic yet. I think the tie between a mother and her A i. vo xiiuwu iivuiv, ui lutiu ii Will oay, "mighty little education we got to what some others did," they forget to reckon the difference there is in the circumstances of different families, and some mothers are snubbed by their children for not doing better than they did by them; let them try and do better if they can to their children, under the same circumstances, that their mothers labored under in raising them. that do not do as well by their children as they might have done, but they are the ex- ception not the rule; we feelto sympathize rvwith mothers that have such children and that are "crowded out," as it .were, or with out homes of their own and, no means of their own to support themselves with; it is much better nowadays than it once was for the aged and infirm, none need to suffer for the necessaries of life to sustain themselves, with particularly those that belong, to the . household of faith. I am growing old myself,-bI do not think jt. any disgrace to do so, but I do think there is much hon-o- r to those that can look back on a well spent life, but a great many aged ones feel, ut r While passing through the storm The piercing bitter blast; -- But oh, how sweet will be the calm, When all their cares are pased. Iet us one and all put away evil and cultivate the gifts and graces of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and cherish the pure love of God in our hearts, and always remember that we are very far from that perfection we hope to attain to, and remembering that real happiness consists in trying to make others so, and in so doing, don't forget the aged and "crowded out1' mothers, as it were. A mother, but not a crowded out or L P. P. homeless one, " Mrs. Charles Henrotin, of Chicago, has received from the Sultaoi Turkey the decoration of the Order of Chefakat. This is the second highest decoration in the Ottoman Empire, and it was conferred upon Mrs.Henrotin because of her services to of the Woman's Turkey as Branch of the World's Congress Auxiliary. vice-preside- nt This is Mrs. Henrotin's second Tecognition by a foreign sovereign, and it is intimated that she will soon receive a third decoration. . , 