. . cs? t h e . . .,. ,..,. SIM. ahlc.. As for txvi he hud never o.na:,thoujght-o- t loving Lottie; but he adored heister, "who "was' really old enough to mother; of marriage he had not even dreamed, however, 1 X --1 -- be-hi- 1 219' ..;.-:- i to see them oil, lads a fiiie-.- lie-dr- ymiig-fcllow-1xj- -- ank uy wifhrone oF the his own age; and then went on hoard with- .him .in.-- . tending to et ashore again very soon, but he fell asleep, and when he, awoke, .all was dark, and he could not recall where.he.vas, nc Lajiic tu ia: in buc j a sirant'e place; lor he could feel the motion of the vessel and grew dizzy when he tried to rise. "What I endured for the first fewdays'orv .board that vessel can never be told, the remorse of conscience, the mortification, the despair; many times I prayed to. die, I felt I could never meet my father, or mother, Or any of ray former friends again. We had a fine Captain, he blamed the young-man- , Ralph Rathburn, for "bringing me on board, until, ! was so' sorry for Ralph that T began to.be reconciled to my fate. He mourned for me too, poor fellow, and he tried to make up lor it in every way possible. He taught me how to dp my work and I liad the tact and skill necessary to get on... We were' always good friends, and where we put ashore, he would show me around and entertain meafter the title sailor style. And sailors have good hearts 1. , i and no' wf ien- - it- - jjecatne apparent that the .young man wasv deter- the girl 'ot his eU6icet if he mined. could persuade her, Vhich was such air easy matter, and alter Mrs. Jiarton had used her utmost endeavors to .dissuade him- from do as he pleased.. I - s- ?;;'oue by :.t ! - Finally- -- to-ma- rry . J ' - the shiu that had sailed out of Bristol most of them foliated was partly marriage, .(uc had come back heavy laden and gone out due to.the interference of Miriam j:Gentry) "who' seemed ever her evil genius, "' she again,1 but. still his mother hoped, on, she .". had. grown said, she consoled herself with thinking it stronger and Returned to her home at M and though a sort sof gloom ..'would keep him 'at home,- and she took the holi--da)ervaded the place,- at. Christmas and nrsi opportunity w aavise nim to onng Mrs$ Morton to the house. By much persausion times, yet usually cheerfulness preand vailed' and entreaty she at last, consented to "beard the Bartons were scarce ever from Bristol. without visitors the'lioness," so to speak for she was in mortal dread of Mrs. Mfton. Itwasat Christmas time three years and more after Shirley's absence, and the Bar-- " Once within thelBarton- - home -- Shirley ton homestead was; filled with Bristol' never left her for a moment, lest his mother should frighten her away, fop she was as' people, mostly young qlk,s relatives. and timid as, a bird, and almost as fragile. Mrs. 'friends, who were desirous of seeing. a Xmas festival in a village and Mr. and Airs. Barton looked her; over and inquired Barton had made preparations to haX'e as minutely into her pedigree, every now and "v many- of. the people from the mills as could then, - sa'ying V Humph so he was your be accommodated. The dinner was to be at uncle, slie was' your grandmother," with was but as the five, cloudy, lamps were day anything but an approving manuer. and seemed to ; A fter the .visit of Misb Morton, Mrs. lighted early, gaiety reign fUf i within and without. The Gentrys and jam; an c v cii niuug ir nieir waysare rougn, ; was more obstinate about the marriage, Grahams were there, and many others from their manners uncouth, and their use dfthe, T auc iivia jju suii.ui lamiiy lcpuiaiiuii iu id.li the mills; Mrs. Barton seemed herself kings English is beyond description. back upon; she is only a village girl for all, her fine manners andattainments-Iwish-Sliirleagain, so old Dr. Went worth remarked to There were many unpleasant experience for a fellow brought ..up tenderly as I had Miriam, to whom of late he had been de- you would give up this whim, you but Miriam and Mr. Barton both been, but Captain Lamb noticed, this and will soon tire of those soulful eyes, and the seemed restless. The dinner was over and gave me. the easiest places and, as you see, girl is really-noof good family, go eto I improved so rapidly,; and displayed" so Bristol and prepare for college under Profestoasts were being given, but it wr.s awkward; theguests all seemed not to know milch courage, and such an adventurous sor Bradley, lie will take you back again, exactly what was most fitting to propose, for spirit at iimes, that he promoted me, when you may marry among jthe best, your each one present realized the absence, of the pur mate (who was not over strontr .at the father's wealth is an inducement for any long-fos- t son, who would have been the beginning of the voyage) was quite unable girl and, you will surelyregret it if you take life of the company; in fact the sorrow on to keep on duty;. and I cannot say but my this child, without either money or ances-grehis account had been general. grandfather having been an Admiral try." "But Mamma she is lovely, she.sings in His Majesty's service had something to like an angel," said Richard, "Hove her Dr. Wentworth lifted his glass and was do with it." about to speak, he had made up his mind J:o' more now than Shirley, I wish I could marThe festivities on the day following ry .Eleanor myself no one should hinder, propose a toast for the absent son when the return and 's were oh the most iiagnifi- - me." "Who told you her name Richard?" boy himself, alive well, appeared upou Shirley the scene; fresh and blooming in a mid- - cent plan ever known in M nn.d-- the enquired Shirley. "She told me, and said whole his in sailor in hat a state of joyful exI could call her sister and 1 will, in spite of village Avas hand, shipman's costume, the golden curls tossed back, and collar citement. The very, garb he wore was a Mamma wh5 dislikes her and she knows it, thrown open, displaying aneck bronzed with decided attractfon to.the young people, we besides she's- not so much in love with sun and wind. All eyes were fixed upon wlio live in this day and in an inland S h irley ri ly-- hisi ra period Hna n nerVaThd him, and, many dropped from the country know comparatively little of how the she hopes towrin him over to love home '.and. which-wi- ll hands that held them shivering to atoms, sailor dress fascinates people especially the the country and leave off but Dr. Wentworth came to the rescue, young. Scores of girls fell in love with make him coarse, and wean him from (for not a word had been spoken it was like Shirley Barton, and he was jovial and those who loye hffni so devotedly." "CVis the dead come back again) "here's to the courteous with them .all, but there were, this all little nhrn, " said Shirley, "we snail long lost lad returned to gladden hearts-a-nd three yho w:ere sor much - enamored of him; see What this young 'woman can do anon. home: speak Shirley to your mother that, they .watched with enfSand jealousy I am not jealous of my little brother but no and father." Coming out of the darkness the attentions he bestowed on others and one else mustintejfere, dazeo- l- espeallyoneTWho ahry-pnritcIdTi-T into thebrUliajitJjj possessor of this lovely village maiden, who ' ' with in hisfor scene those was is without'ahy thing to recommend her, save the andhe own vicinity. compare totally unprepared he had burst in upon; he come in unau-- ' She was neither beautiful, nor yet attractive' her innoceuceand purity." nounced to surprise the family, thinking it to her own sex, (who were for the most And they were married within three would be only If small party, though he had part .envious of her) notwithsfanding; her monthsat the littlechurclr in ;E where noticed the brilliant lights, but when he plain appearance and her poverty, yet the Eleanor Morton's parentsuwere-rbor- n and saw the villagers many whom lie had you ng men -- admired- her, she could tallT abT died., Mrs. Barton Would not con- known intimately, he was bewildered and well, dance well, and her voice was descend to witness the ceremony though " the young people came home as soon as the singularly pathetic. speechless; he grasped the situation, how. "Think ever, and graciously withdrew followed by qrSliiiky Barton being en -r wedding was over. litMiss Morton his father, mother and Richard. Very and he has only- t One year of love's sweet young dream; gaged to ' seen her tle was. said, the company dispersed, the twice," said spiteful. Susan Del- - anji of intense sorrow too for the bride, and more to to their , apartments, and her two friends Octavia Willis and she fled from the home that was unbearable guests retired Shirley who was much in need Of rest but Eugenia Somersy the trio they were called, to her sensitive nature, to Miriam Gentry all wrell to do, and girls of style and the tip for protection. She would not. go to her could not sleep, sat long.by the dusky firetop or society in M. ttiey boasted on oc- grandma, to burden her writh sorrow, father light when alP the lamps were out, talking of his adventures to the eager listeners. casions that their fathers were not in Mr. and mother were both dead, she had. not He had not intended to go to sea, not Barton's employ, but in business, and their : brother or sister; Mrs. Barton had - made then, he said, but he lovedvto seethe ships mothers had never worked for ' their living her life unendurable; she had sail out and talk to the sailors, he wras dowii not even as governesses, in. fact they were everything and fulfilled nothing.: "Such a at the wdiarf, and had" been beguiled into vveii connected as goes. child, she can never be really a wife or a be But as this it may, Shirley fell in love mother." Richard pined for her society al-one bf the many drinking - places, where a first crowd of. fine, strong men were taking grog, sight wth Miss Morton ; his moth'erLniost as much as. Shirley himself "Let her before going oh board a great whaling ves-- fretted and alii t6"Tio""purpose, be ' said Mrs.. Barton "she' 11 come back of - el, that was at anchor close by; he wranted his father said nothing, but allowed him to o V ; Continued on Page 22i. .ui-n- uw ' . - y. . - i . -- 1 - - . no-matte- 1 i, j " s r .... . - . Bar--to- n l r. J " 1 y v --- Jted; t , at . - ts-o- u . . ss - sea-farin- g (V - -- -- ' - i : i ! i ! -- t i . , j tlie-worl- -- 7 d - ? at " ; 