WOMAN S ! KX TON It NT 114 . franchise, but not for the WjOineti of Utah; who exercised this privilege for seventeen years, without the scorching of a single " One of the'principal reasons why women ..t. All 1 .w. . ' it'AMinii ! existed upon the question .of woman fmnrit 'ltwl ivtirKi;ii(1 till rif iltlii.n .1 an created free and equal. No privileged only way to overcome this prejudice was to class either of sex wealth or descent should talk upon the subject intelligently whenever wing. ; "To make men and women happier or be allowed to arise or exist, All persons occasion offered. He was heartily n fa vtJr. the equal .ui uic uujcli ui uu; uittLiuy, una JlOpeu purer, or more intellectual is the aim of "should have the- legal right to be when Utah, was admitted into the Union . every laudable enterprise, political or Jof every other."The difference in the natures of men the women would be' allowed to exercise social, and without such a purpose, or witlfT out the adaptation of means to the and women, is not a difference in value, but the right df voting. which Mr. George D. Pyper next sang a that end, every accomplishment of the kind of merit. He has qualities beautiful" solo, "Songs of Araby" she has ?iot; she possesses traits and genius, his undertaking should fail. were and notes each from differ other, high particularly delightful; and There must be a combination of motive and he does not, they to and God, work, a blending of intellect and emotion, yet in their'worth to the world, The feature. each other." a strong desire with a firmhand, a rightthey are equal with eous purpose with competent skill, to ac- genius of each should blend in the basic Mrs.. Lucy A. Ci,ark, president of the well the of element homers to to or government carry complish any permanent good Woman's. Suffrage Association of , Davis as in the plans and machinery of its supersuccess any needed reform." County, was the next speaker, and, after a structure. That reform and purification in the exer lew. introductory remands, saiu mat, in so of standards the times' these modem "In far as woman's suffrage was concerned, cise of the franchise, is needed at the whereas and been value have readjusted, is their sole weapon upon which to convert undoubted. Women with present day reckless and once courage the world of mankind was the Declaration physical strength the right to vote wTouldbe a strong phalanx exalmost and in were held the highest in assisting to bring about this needed reof Independence. ,. To substantiate her asw no the mankind clusive esteem of gems Home too and kindred dear for are sertion she referred to several paragraphs in form., love of beauty, wisdom; culture, purity, rlhem to place in office men whose honor that instrument to show thatyomen should outwhich a value and skill have may have all the rights and privileges of an integrity, and efficiency to control are force once that brute and purchase doubted. "There are yet many realms of weigh She objected to the American citizen. was-to female born to a be so Ouce priceless. silence to be made vocal, many scientific "word "male" in regard to the qualifications in a or a become slave; today plaything truths to be" discovered, many arts to be of voters, as contained in the 14th Article ana most most the best power cultivated, of the Constitution and asserted that perfected, which require the- - hands and noblest of is the the ful woman circles - minds of women peer she must begin as other that word ("male") should be stricken out man. noble wromen and nearly all great men have of the Constitution. She then referred to, to the. are women If privilege granted and paid a high compliment upon, the sevbegun, and give herself soul and body to to is not it sweep by vote, going the acquisition ofVisdom and skill, and eral eminent lady leaders in the woman in but .the' all world; wrong away existing '."will her very opposition and difficulties be suffrage cause, among whom wereElizabeth toward e be will it equality step gain. There is natural ability enough, and before Cady Stanton &c. Aunt Zina D. Young be will some still "There law. the Wothe persevering will only is needed." wno stood up in the Congress of the stifl be will there brutal husbands, drunken, man must throw off her bondage to fashion Representative Woman in Chicago and deheads of and contemptable parsimonious submission her to folly, says a, well known clared herself a woman suffragist, and, in writer. She must defeat the enticements of families,, there will be poverty, aching heads her. travels east, west, north and south in will be fraud and wrong, pleasure, the flatteries and censures of and hearts; there Utah, has earned the title of one of the be clean will on law of the the but skirts all notions of. others; "mothers in Israel" and maintained, that, prejudices all not to and bear one this compelled point bend to A and culture. in such ail array of talent, no one should propriety genius well disciplined mind, and a generous heart the blame. " be ashamed even to be a .private in the To secure just laws and then execution will look the Lion opinion in the Eye, and' The ranks of the woman Suffragists. move on, he will quail before her and will will require the exercise of much common speaker then called attention to a resolu assail her no more. Let a woman endowed sense and at this point woman's foresight passed by the Legislature of Wyoming with natural genius, and assisted by years and quick judgment wTould be an aid in the tion in which it was stated that, by the influence of persistent culture appear in public; in construction of good government. of women holding the franchise, and classical hygienic and elegant apparel, how : "If women orators desire to speak to the voting and official power, for a soon will she influence the fashions of those masses, they must showthey are ready to exercising had a sacrifice themselves to the cause, sufficiently quarter of ceutury, the poor houses w?ho recognize her value; her dress, her been depleted, peaceful and orderly books, her manner, her, language, all to sink every personal ambition or desire elections had been maintained, and good would have disciples and earnest followers." for fame, and study the cause and those in was in the ascendancythrough- government will which m advance assist its fluences;, The forgoing remarks are addressed to out me wnoie state, ine ieauers in me women who could crystalize into realism, ment." And may the day be hastened Colorado campaign were also mentioned;' "Queen of the household" who have suf- when women will know all their rights, in reference to the woman suffrage ficient revenue atlheir command, to reign and knowing dare maintain. In the enrollment of members in the suf question; arid the speaker concluded by, as veritable, Queens over that basic and all to do their utmost, by trying the most important realm of all government, frage cause Utah stands' second in the urging key in the nerht direction., for the cause in the hoiiie, who would have time and health United States. New York State taking the which theywere interested. 7 to become the best of all object lesson inr lead, and while we rank among the first in Samuel Richcrds Esq. was the concluding. structors of the plastic minds of that realm numbers, we bring up the rear in the mat ;nMl'pr T T( folf if art Virmnr fn hp inflted the children as well as time for their ter of enthusiasm and it is for the purpose to before them on that occasion, and appear ot more and interest the and influence to into in energy extend the arousing knowledge halls where laws are framed for the con cause that this and similar meetings have judging from the large assembly present, the intelligence that had been displayed struction and management of Orphan been inaugurated; so in order to secure the and he thought the cause of woman suffrage in necessary enthusiasm we will Asylums. Children's Homes and Hospitals Utah was un ward and onward, lie nau prison matron work and scores of other "Ring the bells, and fire the guns always been in favor of women having the avenues which today sadly need the adAnd fling our starry banners out, privilege of the franchise, and of taking Ca freedoml 'Till our little ones mixed psychology of woman. Give back the ringing shoul" part m the government of local anairs. Show me a nation where the machinery Their influence for good was admitted on of every household is conducted" by an intel- Mrs. Bessie Dean Allison, who came down every hand, and it was a mystery to him who Jits from to is be present, then why ligent woman, Ogden specially superintendent should be afraid of that in people, in usual Queen if you please and not its drudge, her finished style, .."The fluence. He had not sung, appeared publicly to assisted by the advice and counsel of the Journey is Long," which was highiy ap- any extent in regard to this Question; but masculine element, and I will "show you a preciated; and called forth generous apif ever the opportunity should occur where nation that has well nigh reached the plause.. his vote would aid the cause; that vote Zenith of its glory; for where the basic The. President apologized for the absence could be depended upon. dement or foundation of a government is of Mrs. Emily S. Richards on account of conciuu- a lew made The President then healthful and sound, there is good pros illness. adjourned.Dr. Hasbrouck next briefly addressed the ing remarks, and the meeting pect oi tne superstructure neanng perfection. Irvine.) meeting. He realized the prejudice that (Reported in shorthand j : . ; -- any-mean- s one-mor- , . " . suf- 1 - by-Joh- n 