Vol. I SALT LAKE- CITY UTAH, JO LY 17 i894::,:; , 2 - CONTHN'I in Rural England A : ; A Story. Jeelitfgs . Kirewle'Talk V hadnov-frt- - e V , IT . c - ouu . uic, ..uc-m.iu.- -ci uciv swugni-wwyai- iry ci eu un j., icpiieu.. ing iioiii jl;vv"i the am indeed greatly pained that yen siiould auniig uie Willie VVrtll iid'fimec; k." S. Jriiyi;?1j-1CIIIUIC H'jr belieTe :such shocking -- things pf one, tq whom you 'pledged fidelity "and support londdyin Amberlain .vh,en we .left- our native 4a nrfcgeiberr butr Lettcr-Eli- kC. answers oy uisj irieuas, nis followers. Some 'if you are so firm'iti7y6ur conyici&as of my;;-.1: tr t i iV- V'iVKiMi unn ,u union jujm 'rx he vlack of loyalty tovthej faatBT feld Nearer. J l iU isay, lie. wants t a ninf'tv-lifr Column. " li ve-- a ;.:;t7r::n: i a w fe T ke 4h at she could than my own life, and (t my denial 'will not o'ugh 9" EijIjokial: Temple Excursion; ht4p hi m so inuh.;MXthers again .declared convince you of 'my sincerity and the truth f o f Iwh a t -I- sa" , then vo u , a r.d tnose for lie was not Xebfisi slentZniiisleroK-tH- e e Roses Eilen JakemanT The Iiritan B. V. The Baby., sqoii whom I have labored wlihrihe piirestT'of Iy .m th Of slibw his, tsiripathy with -- Uhe Church Qfrmotu'esfo the , Puritanical peo- N salvation ol Souls, nmst desk' wiLs me' as HnglaudJ' W;hich, these JUNE ' t' t i i oe: ueciuec - accerG .V, simITT pic hated. j ' whicii you. .and ; they.. 'judge:- The TO K. v.. V. .. Meantime- Mr. .Harrington began to feel 9 Deacon was', somewhat 'softened by the V i( U(,HT you roses whose lush sweetness holdsfff; that his congregation was'ialling off, and that there, was ii.ot the same zeal and re- minister's answer, and held out his, hand4 rMf love, andvl.anui bliss of June, fcars-hI fear I, have fact ' saying: but the.' ligious And :;nii;jst tjieir petals ou will find enrhrajltd nc-- : . ..- ' X ct'Vi v' r . . a :, 'r -, : ' ' j ... f ti- -td i -- - . , PoETRV:--Jiln- - . faithvoufddbtlel JuII 1 . ; . mz-ifr-- -1 . ; . -- e jn-.in.it- len . - -- - - ii:. Trrr l- -. i : i 1 1 rpedple-Aiust-'be-tis- , h nye; hisjformer devoted iriends begah to .do it,vexjfaiii to. them your oonduct, which ':::-.7'remonstrate, wifh him about the course he looks sb inconsistent with your profession; V , "j why are yorral way satTthef widow s,:has" As ;asva iu iv.1 uuvl j "she greater ii&d tharFaH i toiii.u c. i rj ,uht c r r i I L.?hejvas A nj Uiiwy iresnntss ai me air matztxrrtmi lxrt"f s3ct:lt i ra of ti e stxiTide rs ci rcii a :fbl lowers Acruss: the foami-n- 'IbrysfaKof xur st reams, :t neglect of ted about him, and -- of which up to this she would not approve of vo ' 4:.ht of faint their Ijreath Sj , tljie fragrance dufy." timejie had been in total ignorance.this time the. young minister was in ''It was as if a thunderbolt had exploded By f,- - Tt over his head; liewas n uite alone, hitherto tears, :he had felt .the grea But yy'u ariJseait, and such 'beauty fades, ' X he had felt no "need of home, or any one to' j had of some one to advise and counsel her, Tiiiiri steals it, as it stole your youth and mine, leaii upon; his zeal for the cause to which had he beeii selfish, he ased himself, if so But all the thorns will TJeriere sTiarp and thick, he had determined to devote. his life, his lie wouiQ make wnat rercrancn was A we still faste the dregs'of lhat bright wine sublime ait IT in God, and the 'truths 'of the possible, lie inwardly thought. He turned AVhosif first full flagon was almost divine w hom he had old Deacon for to his uuderstand- - to; the good as 'int'trprvted Scriptures . . . . . ; . . . El.LT.S f A'KEM.A N. ' lughadehrcTTTsmiicrent. .lor his dailyiieed. always had a true iriendscip and brotherly ': ; jfiluiSve, vaoue,lhdsubtle ; : as'rfum."-;,"'.-'---' i i -- ; : . g t . . . iv- -i ft3 f " 1 : ' ' . 5 -- ! '.. J ' . . . i . -- said. Deacon'' He was aJhblical .student, and a devout,, 'feeling of confidence,-anand prayerfuh hian; That he had faults Jdejpdltji you know tue better than - any., on this side the water, v.iil.you, i'kxte v , yethfs eon science' one -the--( fin sett ti had noFaceu nf t w r on g motives ih rcahy oi possibly;- stand up- - i.t:t-rr of the ministers.,-. visiting so frequently at' the houses of great coiigregation aor both public people. Noysiv lie v;as "accused of pride, of the people, ana n:e of inin'isterial to his bVvn assemniy duties' guilty of say you believe neglect flock , and ,of all sohs of sinister motives or of heresy of -- any nature, lie was a itian of the most sensitive nature whatever,- - ir you can- then rny eae is aland having been so much looked Up to, ready decidedXvithout further questioning?- ,-- t d . - - j IX RURAL an'd,--veak:iie.s- J.s-- s - xxxix -- ' - Awriiyuoii .Dr. Bland. had fully' ideidifTed hiinseil with the. Puritan people after com- -- - i" these-ihing- hadnioticomiected hiiii l self with fhe Church, nor did he altogether subscribe to the narrowness of .some - of naturally enough-hp wns if their doctrines m detail,- thougn liej was in hat was besE to do. And when a few oadest the i with views harmony they d iys went by and he, made no concessions of tolerand etUertainejcf religious liberty from thei pulpit, he. Was informed by the" V. ance?.-- v Young Barricgton was very much good Deacon , that unless lie could defend ; modified by his association with Dr. Bland, himself against these accusations (that had whileLadAutia Waltoif and "Mrs increased rapidly in a few days) he woulcf .oftlaud .accept edieTfeligibus.,; faith he rep-- ' be dismissed from the- - position he held, or feseiite'd as a whole," yet ';T!fere. had ..Ijeelt- t- asked '.to explain" his conduct to those ritesTahd viewsr observances to ministers with whom he exchanged nulnits: inion, could not they consistently conform," fbr said the -- Deacon, 'Your course is not 7'. of ,t,he approved by those men, mtre than by, us - A et Mr. LXcix strictly .speakingBarring- - wlfo have been watching you ever since t6nrperhaps enjoyed the society of these iy0rd Walton accused you of being in love refined and highly cultivated people, more with his' wife, and" bewitching her fancy; than of those-twhom,he was more closely and indeed we are not so sure that you are allied insidev.his own Church. In himself not in with all your league witlr this ycuiig minister was far above the nrirlp nr Uh11 tiirtuirrtv nlOmrprl L11V. i If lll.t ' his of standard followers was and ordinnr; weiave denounced' as full of abominations in his as indeed most life, all exemplary r enslaving men's consciences." The .Deacon must be; if apparently thinking the Church he detested great teachers gf the divine they expect to lead; j)tit he was also stipe- - and the devil were one andlhe same. v rlpr nr. mani respects to. his brethren in the Mr Barriupton . listeirerl like one in a entertain'ed .some who rnirristry, and jealous trance, he wras stunned,;ahd could scarcely ies ;on account of his intimacy with these believe' this man whcm he had esteemed a and people;, as tile Walton's and Bland's wise couuselor and true brother could hurl were designated;" byv the little colony of forth stich burning Words' and with such hiieDr. Bland lived; vthese cruel s'coni in his tones and' fhanher. Withuritfns; - hfg tOvAnierica-h- e ! ' ' ninss-kvlnHw--w . . - -- ' Vwjii; a4l.iey j stood-wiout.thela- le j , the-dev- il - -- - .w JM . j j . - ? ff e A V. X WA V f A W 14 N V4 A A I ft V. A s, - he Deacoii vvBlakcii Uj smprisev.al this speech of Barrrngt'on's and his better nature prevailed. He was ;ent for a moment while he .belt! x the hand of his young friend clasped, firmly in his grasp---. ' 'Speech is silver" he jaid but " silence is golden." x I will not be thine accuser, but will defend vou in v ur ni-- . nocence of any intended wrong 'Then come with me to Mrs., Bland," said the young man and let us st.eak to, her. must tubst likely reach 'sier through others, sooner or later, possibly the servants 6f her household." 'This eveniue: I wilf acccinpany; you with tfeel wife, for Mrs.. Bland' much embarrassed were no wen: en present at such an interview'. ' Thanking the Deacon for the suggestion that his wife should be olie of the party, and feeling the utmost need of retirement to regain and to seek the Lord in prayer he walked sri?n:e disrapidly towards tance away, by a ih, and as ne went forward many conflicting thoughts fiitttd through his mind. ' ' Was lie sure of himself? What was this indennable longing that ihad drawn him towards 31rs. Bland 1 Npf-wha- " t n::-g- ;' self-fossessic-n his-lodgin- by-p- a gs, : 7 