;e WOMAN'S representative men from the rth. These men supported the measure and succeeded in unopted by Congress, of the mischie? done by the doing "much In the President and former convention. the President's conduct be- soring of 1868 and Couth ' , EXPONENT. 87, will allow them to occupy. Consequently society will be improved. There will be fewer fallen women, less saloons, and man, that all important mortal, will have begun to realize, that women can maintain their own rights, morally socially, and politict , "W. disgraceful that lie was finally ally. and crimes misdemeanors, E. ,Hi Lyon. peached of high 5nd he was ordered to answer the impeachment. On the 30th of March 1868, the Wun. and owincr to many wise EDITORIAL NOTES. moderation, men of the Senate counseling . bv one vote. n,MAiit The Salt Lake Lithographing Company from been have items gleaned have presented to theVoMANS Exponent The forgoing and northern posmen, a handsome picture of the Temple andJ histories written by Prest. Johnson's exa ggerated grounds neatly and appropriately framed, sibly they have i,a U'tiir hnrn n southerner, had which we consider a very pretty complinaturally greater sympathy with the ment and a valuable gift. It has been southero party than Congress, which was greatly admired by our visitors both stranmen, could, have, gers "and. residents of the Territory 7 The composed for the In 1867, the : peninsula of Alaska was company have our sincere thanks acceptable addition to the picture exhibit of purchased from Russia for $7,200,000. office The value of General Grant's military this services in behalf of the Republic and his defeat the designs The historical silk map of the United patriotism in assisting to States which was made by Kate D. Barron of President Johnson at the Capital had Buck of this City and which received meritwon the confidence of the lbyal people, and ed praise, and took a medal, when exin June 1868, the Republican National at Chicago, nominated him for hibited in the Woman's Building .at the the United States, with World's Fair, has been photographed and and they we have received a complimentary copy, at Schuyler Colfax asVicePresideut; this office; the map will be on exhibition at . were elected by an overwneiming majority the Midwinter Fair. JThe map is made of in November. silk from the dresses of the wives of the f To be Continued, respective Governors of the several States and Territories. The District of Columbia AN IMPORTANT MEETING. is a piece presented by the late Mrs. Harrison of the White House. It is a very inand quite An assembly of women' under the ausgenious piece of needle work is association in the outline and boundary of the pices of the Woman Suffrage perfect on hall to take place at the Fourteenth ward and each of its several States and country, o'clock Territories as well as rivers etc. Saturday, February 3, 1894, at 3- - im- came so : . " - was-acnuitte- . of-northe- k Con-venti- on , p. m. " ; - There .will "be brief speeches from some of the most eminent ladies and gentlemen of the Territory, intermingled with songs, Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, recitation, etc. Hon. J. E. Booth, Mrs. Emily S. Richards and others will take part. All are invited to attend. Mary Wells, WOMAN'S RIGHTS. -- mother's have they any? Oh yes. Innumerable rights. Thousands of them have rights in the kitchen, at the wash-tuat the sewing inactiine, and numberless other rights. Is it right it should be so? Certainly. But should her rights As wives and b, Does she need no change monotonous round of her There may be some few (though ;t this is doubtful) who feel satisfied with never ending round, while many long and . crave for something more, higher, iutellec-allost by They do not feel that time is an hour; or two of reading, or attending a lecture, but rather that they had' gained world something. Women throughout the era lias bave cause to rejoice for a new added. dawned, for her an epoch been What advancement woman has made m the .Past twenty years, and in the future twenty, what may she not accomplish? nine younger generation follow in the footsteps f the today, many noble leading women ofWomen dearth will be revolutionized. are wUl not be the dependent beings theyfitted the present time, for they will be their sex fill all honorable positions that : No. NOTES AND NEWS. who hath Sir T. Brown. He hath riches sufficient . enough to be charitable. ' My thoughts are my own possessions; my acts may be limited by my country's laws. G.Foster. , w .1 The Scottish Labor Party,, held a confer- ence in London, Jan. 2, at which a resolution approving woman suffrage was adopted . ; In Crittenden, Ky., a Republican county, Miss Mina Wheeler has been elected School Superintendent, defeating Geo. Perry,' Republican, by a majority of two votes; on Dress of the National TheM Committee . TT7 rvouncil If 01 vvumcii liits 14.1.. iituciy uccn strengthened by the addition of Miss Laura Lee, of Massachusetts; Mrs. Bertha Morris Smith, of New York; and Mrs. Annie " 1- L. Sloane, of California. . t-- - said "We test the religion, the morality, ne prosperity, the happiness, of every nation and people by the question how stands woman amongst them?" .... Lady Henry Somerset has been holding meetings in North Wales, where the British Women's Temperance Association was practically unknown before. She has Alexander Campbell XAdV- -i till III Wiijv i w.vwi-v.,- . . JJJ K r V MISS ANTIiUiN Y, WHO auurcbcu u. T).T.1 Duuaiu woman on audience 41 years ago suffrages . - -- was a welcome speaker on the occasion of a grand suffrage rally Jan. 10th in Concert Hall. The Towoomba Chronicle of recent date says that a deputation from the Woman's Suffrage Society of South Australia, visited the Premier at Adelaide and he promised do all in their . fNof.tVi' nrntrprntnpnt- wnn1d tlit4w power to place on the Statute book a law giving the franchise to women in such form as the women desire it. . , WE have on hand Relief Society Reports from Davis, Box Elder,Bear Lake and Sanpete and some other similar reports of meetings, and will use them if possible; but our next to issue will contain special matter suitable send for distribution at the Midwinter Fair Gov. Waite, of Colorado, has promptly The ladies of the in San Francisco. women as notaries public. appointed six theex-pens- e A An T tM Oaih TAg Tonrtifi World's Fair Committee will be at There extra copies. of one thousand silk industry in the on will bean article . HrMeNirctier "and Ellen C. White, of on one and Caine Utah by Margaret-ADenver, and 'Minta C. White, of 'Del B. FerguEllen Dr. the music of Utah by Norte.-"-- : a Drama, son, also upon the e The Midwinter Fair Executive Lu Dalton, and other special articles, has made abundant provision for the ask our patrons to Inve pawnee; weary, and seats will be easily obtained. and wait for the general We hope to make a good Over a thousand benches will be placed i y a muuoauu represeSation at the Midwinter Fair with ahnm me rrounus. a.uu utaifor use in the women and chairs will be furnished books and papers of Utah Mrs different buildings. of the silk enterprise. A vigorous effort was made in Waltham, who had charge of the the of in Chicago will have entire chargeExhibit Mass., to elect a woman on the school Utah board. - Mrs. Hudson secured the signavman department in the the of women tures of fifty legal voters to nomination n San Francisco, and the rritorymayhave perfect of the matter, papers for Miss Sarah Osborn , and Miss Osborn received over 700 votes, although ability and management she was not elected. 'The women will try Sh has been silk the with again next year, and hope to succeed. account of her familiarity nas she ability industry and the executive "English correspondence states that Mr, fciAV . vv . . . - Chairman Pub. Com. end there? -- from the I - ? daily-tasks- Pfy Gom-mitte- Z ; g&. w jl vi- the woman suffrage supporters in relation to the Parish Councils bill,is now compelled to introduce a measure giving to married women the vote now exercised by widows and spinsters in all municipal elections, . It. Jlnnf amiI nnimfir Pmim1c 1vvo rA C of guardians and all the machinery of local " T government. ljiau.SL.UUC esteem B innu vvfwls ' S, Park where the silk and she was warmly j!resident 0f the" Board commended by tbe ofLady M-rew- mbl?lekve 111 wuscvutu -- 