i ' i here' bower of beautv and fragrance, vx-re--a-b iM? vernation- was general mtrtrlv after; tea,lwa request ..was; niade DY thViosless ' mat Sister,. tude may be :seen j Mcei :7C,SI aged .menus : I vv 1 tvuii.wismjne.; I'fel t ; "ypr .V c!eBir6ii s ;.'bf h'cldi uj'lSfe.i-&5-'- f -- 4i ui ji ve uii VHj; ii i tic tu ry M)l me 1 art y rdoni of tH& 1 Proph et , .,ca lied to see ? . -- !' - addressw'ereimde TiiT'te ;r:t;rA i j7 ituyTW rGtlirAftigJus' j.Canhoii - abouJL was unafie to see mm. i thiiik it is a davv tiine we express tliei rfmrngs a h'd se ntiinents; rmust tell.ypuljnil as she washed to.hear from all; present: A. "had in; meeting '.oliUfawb yMiiib; UtbaisliQuld e: met Myearv'; for ter Dav Saiiits." Ahymn was sung,Ta prayer ottered, and short 7 alUiough not all t si site rs - . -- . be-teifiemf- : e -- oiieejiehyewe; xm "' ; : ' '' ' on'' ; IkotHers ' ' . ,J By request, vSister ..Lydia Alder jvqid the exv;:cf them' husion. ' Jeiisou and .: Hinder, Zj. hymn. r.cyom..Alt expresiaS ' --1; .befoxd-thone t0;.3ne.et haingcoine irl y .their love for Sisters Howe "and Wilcox and. earth is ended, ai&$jj '.meeting" "oie' and no .f aivitein t)f biisiness, Apppri'uhity as'given ''"i--their appreciation 'of their noble work in j loved ones ,vho " .,the"tii-.'; .the interest of the several organizations of doubt they have a, jo lkphervjensen said-. We'xwesyou which they were botb earnest and actiy'e"' V This time tn;Ex t'Saltair.; a j s)me explanations coming in"vUninvitedr ;, ; Hesre i tV the?interestLpf t. memberS- r1ie:Qr(lef b f ' tlie theged. Iaday. Jbngv tb'. beire-- lovely jvatenng place e rC.'io'elock. membered for the'sweet spirit of love and. r Lake; 'Here we arrW e7conteriiplate:giving-thhave'invited them, ,io partake . of , imuiber :dly' good will that flowed from heart to heart. that aged ones, was: lorjacii--;yea- i( T: To'botli cF these deaststers the'Hxrtnjy more" have bopi tality ''we ex jteet se verat liuiidr ed frbirixqujt side Stakes. Probably athopsnnd .extends siaaruaiialigiiSfor" fciany reached the age of sevej ' sill are ror- m o re frphi-;iStake; ,W'e didpe; the-- ' V our number an.d miicji hajvpy returns of the.1 day ell ii:s their JSaiuts win.'be'On''h'a'iid as they;liave.aJvaysV.'''..r: ; . welcfimed'bs' the CoifniiiCAefi ' AvEo - spoke: ; to-da- t-- vvas ; 1 "r : -- ; i ; ' :;-e;- :are ; ? e . ... . is-th- ; ht to-vSalta- : i . e !fcli-'keetrii- p i -- n "been before,- I friends'. ":i - Cars were cojningrfld: I bri nging friends of t . OLD FOLKS DAY. Igjtdssible tliat old"" recognized this year, folks d;?y "will 'hf ; say that it hardly, seemed probable, for since monopoly I must- ' - y ! people. : : ri" ;" i z-- tbe First address the " ' -- te-s- - r . ; a su-ppose- d " I wThnelin-the--windowT- ffi-bcr,- Y : -- 7 or . v. . r- - - jsttij - very-pleasan- t, pleased--tjjiat-Brothe- - uv -- . 1 sgm'Oh! e-.--old - .. p.fy--OfeBsel- . . , SEMI-MONTHL- -l- icar-the- ' shot, as a bed . room. Xhe" old well lias been "tilled up, and a. beautiful "llinver. garden takes its placev Tlie lady in charge often giving a bunch' 'of- is fUwers as a token of remembrance to those -- who. visit there. I "am pleased to 'State we have, at last, been able to obtain the old rejeprds oi David Whitmer, much of im' portaiice to our people is contained therein. v. Made' other interesting remarks. r Sister Home said, "lam Jensou has touched upon the subject he has. I w'ell reineinber the first time I shook hands with the Prophet I was thrilled through as with an electric shock. I could testify "to the wdiole world I knew, he was a Prophet of God. .TJriukof what a mighty man he must have been, I have heard hini tell of his first vision. ' No other mortal man ever accomplishedas much as he dioT. His life was threatened repeatedly , yet was spared to complete his wpnderful work. Tpugue cannot tell joy 1 experience in being permitted to live in this period of time." Exhorted sisters tp be faitlifulin all -- things pertaining to the A j ospe i , etc. - ; ' o -- - ' being-s- it rT . . - ' 1 grand-parent- Tte-gtfo- -- ' ; . - grpund, it seems to me i m p ossi bl e h e xco u d have been hurt by falling so short a dis-- ' 'A a i 1 is. no wrusettasia ilwetfc h t a n ce -- were ug house, the room in which - 1 ,, . ; .. , -- . ! . J sa kLT-- a i iv- -a fra idcan Hot control my feelings, I was present :.Sister Sarah.Xi i hIki I 1 1 at'the ineetin'g of the Redief Society, the - third meeting, I think, .when Aye. received, the first hniinatioh of the Prophet going home. He told the Sisters to cultivate loVe, ; 'i'rT . . , . . " . ' jer-son- 4 As. u'su'aL a Royal. Vel- - avill be n day long to be re.m.eliijhbll3 would like each Ward to prepare for at b ur fifty more than their own a "lher instructions will be given through the- Bishops of the varipus wards. Addressing Sister Home, ' Brdther Jeuspir said, "I would" now like to; speak on some other subwant to say the Relief .Society ject. keeps, the most complete records .of any ofganiation I know of in the Church. I also find they take good care'pf the records. There are.excjiptions of course. We have in some instances," had to go to the Relief Society for, data concerning Bishops. - the a'sliortTti'ne on Martyrdom'" of Spoke the Prophet, had recently visited Carthage. "Its my ppiuioii the Prophet was killed I- e ' l :; v . : come-Tprw- sisters rm - ; ve- hdpey the Let us give Coultfy"visitors, "comeT" AVe mave'been grandiyiilertaiiiel" by our Country Friends (jn previous be- casibns, Let us mauilest j)ura)reciatioii7 making them as ; welcome and happy, it )eople,"'"ive "mad-e- bappynn Presidency and hearing evere - coiintry.vards will xall ' defy and labor have had so ha.rda struggle to me cnanges Preskkmt Woodruff sp know which will be; victorious, it seems to which have taken.place i rallev" since ever paralyze all business; affairs: but I am happy bur arrival. He askedf th'e-teit ;iT5iiotjafieeted ee ca rs-- r u n n i nffi petfor" that our people liave each other; andl see such a structure as thi it never hirider us from placing hope may his voice; remarks were interesting our aitections upon tliose who have proved strong and clear althougl uieniseives w'ortiiy ot pur love, by adher- - i years of age. V! in this City We have twentv-threing toouiia and true principles. Old folks day is truly, a joyful one to'the and eich ward is a table of to" the youth, as well, to be seems and the miodate aged, their own. which wo for while they are paying so much respect lends wno aged of their ;ard and t to the aged they really appear to tliose s he tables came irum otiierA seuiemen ble-scooked angelic," and' give us a foretaste of' seemed well provided with': heaven, and why this great demonstration, at. hotrie, only hot tea antj fFeej besides on an occasion like this? lemonade and nice fruit at powers made Is it not to show that they have-no- t for the table complete, while th latt air r'ave time. the their when, gotten parents us a good appetite,; and rtlkMoking was. welcomed thein tp'- - earth?. 'And Oh now .generously praised tenderly and faithfully they- watched and" At 4 o clock. anptneropajf;e rcompany eared for tliose tender plants, hoping the' Came in, and as the cars ;;'leM;)pk as tnauy ' "renown iii our iiPme to the city I .ny.ftpfene-ofhemight JbecoineplantsGf ra t h e r ' s K i ngd p: n." And, how -- it i s well We "a f ri j 4iu 'Hi be that this love should given in return to well satisfied: with, the day a?4;'seihent s not only our own aud I fancy that I was stn .thenedand parents and bht all the aged as well whose love has greatly benefited by my tri other of is. s,still and sacred, forming been, man' m y aged friend s , I a l so fel l( 1 4 er up an silken ties. I feel that these are days of earnest prayer for all who ft) contribute f" inspiration, 'and tliose persons, or that one tuAhi days entertain meut , (hi e measure. who invented, or proposed thisrrangement tliev mettout raav be me to theni d do to waTlTrely nrspired by apiiil again four fjld, and they iriag possess The" so' . ''." T saine happy spirit that we: ft day. w V llll'OinCtre u iu iiKj die uii tiiD kij iLiiouiw KCSpcCl' tlie down inn sine oi.ine to meet olp: lnends K. on an occasion like this: also our 'oun"g friends who make the time so joyful.- - And since love is a prominent attribute bf the LADIES jjeity siiouid- it not oe cnenslied .toward shall they 'be worthy olrjcctsT-andwha- 'e utes 'of Semnrtljfm iting held' yIiy ? found if not those dear ones who have been in Fourteenth Ward AsseMtjlv l! the of life for so climbing rugged steep President mKi otli, iSqj.: nie pre-- . for improve-in.- ! many years earnestly seeking siains. Meeting opened by it in all the duties of life, and with an Jesus the Giver." Prayef earnest zeal; we find it brings its own re- - Webb. Cpntinued by sinHw.'-l.vO;h"mwhen they are aged and infirm. Father." wapl Sister-- ; Herne flQ' for said "Give honor to whom St, Paurome w a mue late, coming m iihalpi honor i" due, love to whom love and fear to detained, was more anxious tl whom U'r." day as it had been her desire'.ti And i this the motive which prompts ate the -- Fiftieth AnnivVfil our youtli ti(lay. Oh yes, you can see it in assassination of the JProDhej the expresMoii of the .eye and every feature my intention to have the diyifM;f I of tlie face, while are delicatej they passing ivay faring men of grief etf in also their welcPfne refreshments, sought mefctmg, it being- tlie hyifvi ;lie P phet to the aged ones, aud how do the aged feel asKeo 10; nave suugr on wu 'dav'Miisat this time? They feel, to blessj them inz; Assassination; he asked to;ia0it sfbg a': the sincerity" of their hearts; tears of grati- - second time,' but befbrehik lestJ'&ould'' hat :. ; -- t-'- it V, :y 