7a WOMAN'S . KXrONKNT. their lives have, all been spared; throughout the vales of the mountains peace and plenty has -- reigned, and no great calamity has befallen us here, such as has visited many Editor. EMMELINE B. WELLS, For this Editorial Cutributor. ANN1S WELLS CANSOH (Cm), and localities." other countries ' and these blessings and many in Salt Lake City; Utah, protection, Published Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, others innumerable, we should be t humble 50 cts. No reduction made lor clubs. City papers deliv-- , and give the praise to our Father in Heaven ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. who controls the elements, guides all' Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil and can turn the rivers" of space, one time, $3.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal disthings, count to regular advertisers. , He will. Build& Rooms Constitution 228 office. 227 Exponent If some extra- exertion is necessary that ing, Main Street, opposite Z.CM, I. Business hours from the poor and unfortunate may have . food, 10 a.m. to s p.m. every day, except Sunday. and raiment during the" winter, it will Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, bring into active exercise the kindly and Salt Lake City, Utah. generous feelings and sentiments of those Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as who minister to the needy, and every blessr' for tcond class matter. ing bestowed will enrich the giver,blesscharity bestowed in a true spirit is a of good and brings a Salt Lake City Dec. 15, 1893, and Jan. i, 1894. ing and development rich reward and satisfaction to Him who The present confreely and wisely. gives TO OUR PATRONS AND AGENTS. dition of scarcity too, may awaken thought in the direction of providing against such a We very much regret being obliged to state of things in the future; employment issue our Christmas and New Year's paper for the people is one of the best working circumin one number, but unavoidable of poverty and want. Men preventives we stances compel it, and earnestly entreat and women who can together of the Exponent for charitable purposes, should also be able the patrons and agents to use their utmost influence and exertions to co operate to establish industries, that to increase its circulation, and urge upon men'may work for their bread, and women in to localities solicit all agents subscriptions too, and not be on charity; this and make collections of outstanding accounts would be truer dependent charity than the giving of ' wherever possible, meantime taking into alms. : consideration the valuable service it has Certainly no thoughtful person can help rendered the women of the Territory and feeling that the past year lias been a the Relief Society everywhere, throughout great one j in the advancemeut of as well as the advancement of women the world. The Columbian Exposition in reference to the especially generally alone would mark it as an epoch in the ballot for women. All members of the of all time, significant for its brilRelief Society and all .who believe in history liant success and the knowledge of industry, Woman's Suffrage and woman's uplifting science and art, placed within the reach of in all directions should subscribe for the so many millions of people for their enlightfirst woman's paper published in the Rocky enment upon these fundamental subjects. Mountain region. The great Congresses and Parliaments too, where, men and women eminent for learnA HAPPY NEW YEAR. ing and achievements from all parts of the world read and sopke to the thousands upon A happy NEW year is the salutation thousands, was an education in itself of the that greets old and young at the present higher and grander truths of humanity and Reflecting upon these wontime, and it is pleasant io hear the cheerful the universe. tones repeating the hopeful words that drous events with all the details in one's never grow old, but each year brings them mind that can possibly be comprehended, one queries whether the new year just back fresh and crisp as ever. The new year comes full of hopefulness opening can give us as great opportunities from all for better days, and yet the last and as much more food for cultivation as dear old year brought with itjnany bless-.- , the one just 'gone In summing up the achievements of the ings. After-- all none ofli s kno w whether these days of adversity when money is years it must not be forgotten the rapid tight, and a panic seems to have struck the strides , forward in the cause of woman's country are not good for us all; sorrows have suffrage. New Zealand afar off holds up a their purpose and if these trials and per- Deacon lignt to the world. Australia is plexities will make us more gratified and marching onward in the same direction and do that which was least expected-haappreciative of the many blessings-walready and lift our hearts to Him who is the come to pass.' Colorado our near neighbor enjoy, fountain of all light and love, if there is a has done herself proud in admitting woman lesson to be learned through suffering, then to equal suffrage. Everywhere the cause we should not repine, but accept our cup of is gaining, and ere long other brilliant stars bitterness, if such it be, trusting in Him will, be added to Wyoming and Colorado. who will overrule all for the good of those The tendency of the World's Fair was who acknowledge His hand in all things. decidedly in the direction of woman's poas a If we people should enumerate the litical emancipation. This fact was conof the year that is now numbered stantly blessings The conspicuous part with the past, we should fintT much" to re- taken byapparent. women in the actual business of joice over. The Salt Lake Temple to the Fair, the good judgment and financial which so many have looked an xiously for- ability displaced by the Board of Lady ward has been finished and dedicated to Managers, and the many women comthe Lord, great promises have been given missioners and . foremost workers, has on conditions of faithfulness, that should caused many men .and women heretofore encourage all who believe 'in the Latter opposed to woman's enfranchisement to day work. None of our great leaders have very materially change their views upon been taken from us, during this past year, ' his subject. Not only has this been a Woman's Exponent. wonderful year but' the 19th century is we believe, unparalleled in history since the advent of the Savior the "Light of the World" the Christian era. CHRISTMAS-TIDE- . semi-monthl- y, , 'At Christmas-tid- water-whithersoev- er - l co-opera- te . mar-velous- ly 7 e s e the open hand Scatters its bounty o'er sea and land, And none are left to grieve alone, For love is heaven and claims its own.' The Christmas-tid- e gives each, and all an do to good in some way, to opportunity each other, to a friend pr foe and certainly he who forgives is more blest than he who bestows alms, for to forgive those who have wronged us is greater. The Apostle raui saia 11 we cesiow aiiour goods to Teed the poor and have not charity it avails us nothing, then true Charity is something more, something higher, and what is .there more difficult than to forgive, yet we expect to be forgiven daily for our offences. Can we not once in a year cherish the spirit of" forgiveness to all mankind. Be at peace with all the world. Do good to those that us or hurt us. Be have wounded magnanimous and try to follow the example of Him whose birth we .celebrate. Instead of this many of us follow our own inclinations, do those things that are pleasant and agreeable, eat drink and are merry, forgetting the sick, the sorrowing and the hungry, we shut ourselves up in our own narrow circle, and might the unhappy: and disconsolate to whom a kind word and a trifle would be so precious. So we harden our hearts and pass on our way heedless of the great tide of humanity around us, and yet we justify ourselves and say we have done what we could. Christmas-tid- e is the overflow of bles- temporal and spiritual, the reaching out to the needy in body and soul, administering the good things of this life and also that which will lead upward to the higher and more exalted state, and above all else the forgiving each other's weaknesses and shortcomings. Wherein we fail to do this our Christmas-tid- e is not to us to our own souls the satisfaction it might have been. We have lost something by our lack of humility, we shall never reach the. highest cultivation in our in our own souls until we can forgive as we hope Jo .Jbe -- forgiven. --Wevho liveiir this"" favored land of Zion are wonderfully blest in many ways, our homes are- full of plenty, if we have not the luxuries of the wealthy, we have the substantial blessings of food and raiment, homes and comforts and the protection thrown around us tha uplifts and cheers the toiler in life's battles. Every where almost throughout the world we hear of the cry of the working people for better conditions, better dwellings, higher wages, consideration t)f needs, and the thoughtful and sympathetic feeling of .those; who bear rule and those who eni- - " ploy help are being exercised upon these momentous questions of the time, labor and capital. Here these conditions do not exist. Working men are not compelled to submit to tyranny1 of any kind, there is such freedom and equality that there can scarcely be a complaint of this sort, there is more land to till, more soil to cultivate, more deserts to subdue, and it is not necesbut sary to crowd into large towns or cities, can the independent, ambitious young man and go to and consider a field and buy it plant a vineyard, and be his own master. sings own-charact- er, - , 