124 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. .. Woman's Exponent. EfMELIXE -- ASNIB B. WELLS, WELLS CAStiOH ' ' Editor. Editorial Contributor. Xmtli) in Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one copy one year, 51.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made tor clubs. City papers delivr ered by mail, extra lor postage one year, 25 cte. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, $2.50; per month, $3 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. ' seini-moiit- nl, ExfONKNT office, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Build-nMaj,n Street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Business hours from 10 a.m. tov5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to , g, -- ' Mrs. Anderson Counselor Relief Society ing something of a seiisatityi, Goy:j West of Bannock Stake, made an able report and and others getting somewhat worried over said the.attendance was large, the Confer- 'the affair, however at last the party that ences even in Midwinter having specially come in from Southern California departed in peace, and. a contingent of about two large congregations. President Susan Grant, Davis Stake, made hundren men made. their appearance later a brief report and spoke impressively of the who are still waiting for- something .to be death of President .William R. Smith of done. Meanwhile Coxey and his men suctheir Stake, his able help and wise counsel ceeded in reaching Washington, what the to the .Society 'Also of the recent death": and next few months will develop in this iu funeral services of Jesse W. Fox;f thought dustrial question it is impossible, to tell 1111? the white drapery used by our people on less one had the gift of prophecy. these .occasions took away some of the The April Conference was a very, was alL when black; that gloom prevailed one indeed in man5r respects. President Lydia Rich of Morgan Stake, The inspirational sermons by 'Apostles and made some good points in regard to saving especially the teaching of President Woodgrain, and also upon charity, and said none ruff in reference to the work for the dead, there were really destitute, she expressed proves that this people are not to be kept in great joy and satisfaction in this lalor of love darkness concerning the course to be , and exhorted all to diligence. but that the Lord will; reveal HimPresident Mary John, Utah Stake, spoke self according to the peoples needs, and of the great number of branches to be that divine revelation direct from our visited in that County and in brief what Heavenly Father; is and will be given from had been accomplished; related a dream time to time through His servants who are she. hadwhich .had proven to her that called, to preside and lead, his people,- and Brigham Young was the lion of the Lord. to carry on his work upon he "earth; President Mary Jane Atwood believed in silk industry, must not be permitted being prompt in all that we were expected to The languish for want of encouragement, to do, and desired to have wisdom above soineslik-woreggs have been distributed all things to perform her labors among the sisters, wanted to promote union throughout already, and we expect to have more soon, the stake, spoke considerably upon the reelers are 'being looked up to take bold when the cocoons are ready, which will Je proper discharge of duties pertaining to orlater in the season; and in view of renderganization work. Counselor Sarah Forsythe of Wayne ing advice and all the assistance possible to Stake, referred to the great energy and those anxious to take held of this branch perserverance, diligence, kindness and faith of home, industry a Central Board has of their President, and the confidence she been formed and articles of association prehad inspired in all those associated with pared and signed.the name to be Utah Woher, and of the good work that was increas- man's Silk Association, and meetings are to ing among them, notwithstanding the many be held fortnightly at this office. We inconveniences under which they labored, shalLbe able to give fuller particulars in our next issue. and being such a great distance from head- PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, - -- ro-progressive . Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter. per-sued- Salt Lake CitV, I.: April and May i, 15 1S94, RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. The General Conference of the Relief Society was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, in this City, on Thursday April 5th, 1894 Mrs. Zinri D, H. Young presiding; her Counselors "Mrs. Jane S. Richards, Mrs. B. W. Smith and Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, were present" also the Treasurer Mrs. M. I. Home and Mrs. E. B. Wells Secretary. There were many representative women the several "stakes in the upper stand of Zion, and the congregation was quite large for the morning session. Exercises commenced vith singing "Lord we come before thee How," and prayer was offered by Counselor Bathsheba W. Smitr, singing "Now let us rejoice in the day of Saltation." The Secretary read the minutes of the October Conference (forenoon) which were accepted. Opening remarks were made by the President in which she greeted the President M. A. sisters affectionately. Hyde of Sanpete Stake was the first speaker. Mer remarKS were bpirueu auu iu iue puini, she referred particularly to the excellent condition of the Society over which she presided. Corrected an error made in the grain report from the Stake, said ' it should have read ten thousand bushels of wheat ; instead of one thousand. President Adeline H. Barker, Cache Stake, urged the sisters to rally round their President and uphold, sustain and love her thus helping her to carry the great responsibility which rested upon her as the President of a great organization. Spoke tenderly of the wonderful work done in the Logan .Temple and the blessings we who live in this day and age enjoy. President of Wanship, Summit Co. made a few remarks also bearing testimony to the truth of the Gospel, and stating they had no poor in their Ward. President Jane S. Richards of Weber Stake spoke in an interesting manner of the power of healing and told of some wondertul instances; tnougnt it should be our duty to comfort the sorrowing and help lift the burden from the weak and encourage the doubting. Referred to the first organization of the Society by the Prophet Joseph, spoke feelingly upon love, charity, union and many subjects that were calcu-lateto promote the growth and the prosperity of the Society. Mrs. Louissa Jones, Secretary Relief Society Beaver Stake, made a clear concise and definite report concerning what had been accomplished recently in that locality. , -- ... -- (" d . , - m, . r quarters, President Zina D. H. Young spoke eloquently of the sacrifices the Saints had made in leaving their homes, and the graves of their forefathers to come to Zion, of the trials and privations many had endured, alluded affectionately to the hand-car- t companies, and the crisis which how seemed impending. President M Isabella Home, of Salt Lake Stake referred to the prophetic sayings of Joseph Smith and others now being fulfilled, and of the prosperity which ad at tended this people in these valleys of the' mountains; the enjoyment we had in the angelic work of looking after and supplying the wants of the needy and in comforting QUESTION. : In looking down the columns of a daily newspaper I noticed nineteen different religious sects. I ask which one of them all have the true gospel of our Savior Jesus .Christ? I feel that this is a most important question to understand it involves the salvation of all mankind. Ephesians 4th chapter, 4th verse it reads, "There is one body and one spirit, even as ye are called in one hope of your calling, " 5th verse, one . Lord, one faith, one baptism." Read St. Mark 1 st chapter 5th verse, "And there went out unto him all the land of Judea and they of those who were cast down and needed Jerusalem and were all baptized of him in sympathy, brought up man v examples of the river of Jordan, confessing their sins." St. Mark from 18 to 26th, verses "And Jesus faith, and referred to instances which occurred in the days of the Savior; thoughtper-secutio- n came and spake unto them, saying, "All made us strong, but seducing inpower is given unto me in heaven and in fluences were dangerous. Sang Doxology, earth. Go ye therefore and teach all , nations, baptizing them in the name of the benedictign by Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball.. Father.' and of the Son andof the Holr Ghost. Teaching them to observe all EDITORIAL NOTES. things whatsoever I have commanded you; lo! I am with you always, even unto We have been reminded of the and, the end of the world. Amen." typographical errors in the poem, "When What language could be more plain or the summer comes again," on the first page sal of the Exponent of April first, in the first positive in portraying the true plan ofown verse twelfth line ' 'rocks" should read vation? Here we can read the Saviour's words to his disciples after his resur-"nooks, " and in the second verse "these" rnn given .1 . - i. I Hr in seventh line should read "there" and to heaven. The same gospel is repeated in worst of all the line"And in pristine beauty St. Marks last from verses 15 to 20 blooming," the word "justice" was' used "And he said chapter unto them, go ye into all for "pristine." the world, and preach the gospel to every The "Industrials," as they are misnamed creature. He that believeth and is baptized have been passing through Utah and mak- - shall be saved; but he that believeth not " . 1 111- , 