given, vited. ''h brethren .cordially in , Isabella" Home, President . LBisli6ps--au- M lowcr io d . Mks. Judith EiXKn Tostkr, of national name and " reputation, visited Utah . or reeentl, reiuaiAr'ouKv rMmT11 -- ?&$&t 'oHheNon- - ' U. aim . " r-- rr, -- - are arm to ' the square. IT am well" pleased with the liberal response' of officers and realise we area little slacks- in our duties, especially in our labortor thedead.fearstockholders tttaHtJiiadenblpresent we are too mucii carnea:- awav witli - tire at I have business of:im- portarice to lay before the sisters, I feel the trnngspXJheJVorld, T. of faithfulfor time has come that1 a united effort should the blessings promised sight ness. We are , surely living in eventful be made, to sustain and build up home intimes. I never fully realized what was dustry arid institutions; at the late Relief meant byrstrikes until now, Calamities of Society conference over Jordan the sisters all kinds may be looked for iff fulfillment concluded to try and gather, straw, and see of prophecy. say to my sisters, don't what they could do in hat making, our hard neglect your meetings if you don't want to times have only commenced, the brethren ' lose blessings. Keep your lam ps .trimraed-anrreat interest: we don't vvant --them tn cm burning." Made sohie interesting marks about the, saints and. their labors in ahead of us; "a Xvord must be said irr regard : to our Woman's Store," we have;had a hard , St. George.. One sister said, I have spent the happiest struggle: for. three; and a half years, and are days of my life here in Salt Lake. I take still alive, but not by the patronage of the great interest in Young Ladies Meetings. sisters. If ali were united : other industries "My daughters are engaged in the Primaries, might be carried on with the same expense, which gives me much joy. I g all that it requires to men the store. The the good. I can where I live.' I. have many Lord says, 'I wi 11 have a people that will trials, there is nothing that has taken so live by sacrifice. ' Why can't we come to that and sustain our own institutions. We strong a hold on me as 'these meetings, the testimonies of my sisters always give don't know. how soon . our supplies may be me strength to bear m v burdens more . L cut off. Its fearful to contemplate the trials y ui : luc iiiuctuiuiiiLi ui luc cuiiuj caiamiLies patiently etc Sister Rolleman thanked the Lord for her by fire and water, and accidents of every homeMn these blessed mountains. Like my kind. I hope we will take warning by the sisters I have many trials, I desire to live signs of the times, and be prepared ior humble, and I know all will be wrell with things to come'. My grand-so- n bought a us if "we keep the commandments of God. couple of shirts, and I thought upon exam"Made other remarks. ining them, how much better to have them One - Sister related , a very interesting made at home, than sendingour means dream or vision, in which the Prophet away, and leaving our girls without emJoseph appeared in person to her mother, ploy merit. There are ; many branches pf inresponse "to a request made by her, to a industry we can : take hold of if we are son who had died, asking him to come united as Relief SodetySisters. We back and tell her if Mormonism was true. ought to 'combine our interests.. One can't Brother Joseph said, is there some thingr dftit alnnp wp must rpmptnW 'wViprp a way,' We talk a you wish to ask' me, she answered nothing'thefeawTrlere the question was repeated the third timer good deal about suffrage, we thought in Counselor Stevenson, spoke with much starting the store it would be just what we spirit upon the necessity of - mothers teach"--" needed. But have been disappointed in jhigJ:hdraughter&to-da;houserk- 7 somefmiFcalculations. I will now leave are there many girls marry without knowing the subj ect . before you Jioping to hear from ' - - City on Sunday, Vug. 26, t6 a .Very Brother Penrose gave someood i nstruc- tions in regard to it. At the- - Eighteenth- don't tliuik l ciMitY-mvti-t said, the remarks of vSister Home. With her I ai.oi ffeiliveiaaoess4he t.smd: jew minutes about the mariner of voting. ..VI ine ie Women of the United publican Clubs of States. ; The lady gave a very eloquent and affcSWv-U- j-4 pray lor a spint 01 discernment," many false spirits are in our midst; teach and interest your children in the principles of. the Gos-' pel pur-days- arousfi.--inysisifirinanist?taKe- num- -. hersubject being'ther Christian Citizen. The same evening Mrs. Foster spoke in tlie Methodist Church on Third South St. her speech was suitable for a Sabbath evening, she read and quoted several passages of Scripture. Mrs. Foster also spoke upon Republicanism to crowded houses here in the old Federal Court Room, andalso inProvo.A2party in 4ionor of Mr. and Mrs. Poster and the wife of Senator Warren Wyoming, visited - Saltajr on Monday afternoonrthe visitors expressed themselves delighted with the beautiful pavilion, and with the invigorating - salt . . water bathing. this-meetmg,- . - "as . -- I-w- ill d A . - am-doin- LA DIES' Minutes of SEMI-MONTHL- Y. Meeting held in Fourteenth Ward Assembly Hall, July . Semi-Monthl- y -- President M. I. Home presiding. Meeting opened, by singing, ."When the voice of friendship's heard. ' ' Prayer Continued ' singing, by Sister Brown. 'Satans Empire, ' etc. Minutes of previous 14th 1S94. President meeting read and approved. Home said ' 'although few in number today Awe. are promised the Spirit of the Lord if '' we meet in his name; we are entering upon hard times, every kind of distress will-bpoured out uponthe inhabitants- of the eartli we should cultivate the spirit of love and sympathy, be charitable to all, we can be kindtoour enemies.""" There" are many allurements for the youth of Zion. Mothers should be diligent in- teaching the principles .of the. Gospel to their children while the are young, in contemplating on the we can see the haudof signs oL i the Lord n th e troubles of today. Many 01 our menus are ueiamcu irom noinetmi - - account of these" "strikes. Poor men show rich of the by their des- they are.envious truction of property. As saints of God wV should be awake to our duties. I am sorry more of the sisters" are not obeying7 the' "counsel of Brother Young and laying up wheat, alsoofsustaming-hoHe-itidiistr- Tr 11 we nad we obeyea his should have been wearing our own manu,-..- . factured clothing today, and the blessings of the Lord would have been poured out upon us; fortyyears ago my husband was sent south to see if cotton could be raised; how little progress have made in all" this time in manufacturing" our own wear- Brother Bnghain said if we , mg apparel. did not improve we would fall when . Baby lon falls. He used to say, "It takes a wise man to build up, but any one can pull down." Brigham Young did a wonderful" work in bringing the people to these valley s Brother Taylor followed him. Now Brother Woodruff is doing a great work. He is one of the most humble and faithful, for his meekness, the Lord has greatly .blessed him in giving, inspiration in regard to Temple work. We have been asleep, not knowing that trials are so near. Let us awake. I would do anything in my ,: e - - - the-tim- es, -- wise-couns- w-- e el, - s . , .. . . . " ' Xv -- , - .ho vvvto bethe leastrhelptoli I believe the happiness of many a home has been destroyed .through this very thing. ' Its the duty of everr ntother to teach their daughters economy and - to - be industrious. I think its time retrenchment was brought to our y ming "preach by example, it is said of us, we care not for those not of our faith. Let us live above criticism, show by our works that we are true, speak of the goodness of God one to another. I don't believe there is one in this congregation, but what has had a testimony; it is the spirit of -- the adver-vers- y that holds us back.- The time has come when we should be known by our works. I have notime to run after the various schemes of the day. Meeting was adjourned for two weeks. , Sung Doxology Benediction Sister Julia C. Howe. . - . " . : Vilatk. Young, . Sec. others. ": - : ; 'V . Sister L. D. Alder, my Sunday School Class has been reading : about the downfall of Jemsalem, how the people disregarded the wrarning. The down fall came just the same. Brother Cannon has given us words of warning as vveltas others. How often we are told to prepare ourselves for trying times, we can easily see how soon we can be cut off from the outside world, by the.ex- jrience of the past fe w weeks. Brother Woodruff says destruction is in the very air. We can imagine what"? the condition will be when brother is arrayed against brother and those who will not take up the sword must flee to Zion for safety. I have worked at the : straw work years ago, we had hats, for sale also rag carpets, in the Relief Society. I am anxious these home industries should succeed for I am just as sure as can be things will come, as has been ' . predicted. Sister C. C. Raleigh Wells:- - "I can endorse what Sister Home says in regard to the struggle we have had to keep, our store running, I believe the move was given, by ; Minutes y of . Meeting in Fourteenth held the Ward Assemblv Hall July 28, 1894. President Home presiding; opened ' by singing, "Come, come ye Saints." Prayer Counselor Webb. Singing, "Oh! Say what is truth, etc Semi-monthl- . -- Minutes of previous meeting read and proved.' , - " .' V.: j'N, ap- Have kept up against all drawbacks,1 ha ve never felt for a moment we would fail. Men wquld have given up long ago. Our intention in the beginning inspiration. ; 