Upon a refined ami eultwred .All effort wki.nJIV All nnture'o here within this darkened room Ye't . There hangs ' - -- a shadowy pall of. lootu ' lhat. dims the light. It chills the couch where am lying lHrohrthe.y tellr And all my loved oiie" I. tnust leavfl I wonder if for me they'll grieve igt "" ' "' : ' ."' by my side) ' ALTiiotTiii'wc have not been heard from for so we trur h has not been vi, thought we were sleeping, flf we have 51-- -- - -- - The AIVANCKM K NX. 'VP Doctor Kllisijchipp- from ; tb-a- supplied ? :as- regaled themselves. t Augiist iburtlrf Primary:rAssociation: . aiirl'ltrwas a real pleasure toseci the way the little ones acquitted .themselves, although" as usual . the girls surpassed tneir brotliers- m every way, tnis is a noticeable Tact wherever we go, and I remedy, if; just r believe ThavFcliscovefed-a'beld':,coiifereuce,- ; -- f - ' - . - - -- - j ; v 24 "offJuly was sufficient Tiik , : --- : - " Y "' : 'old: folks' -- day for i all the aged f ithers and mothers' of Iron Co, all .being invited to partake of dinner at 3 a. rn. in the basement of the Parowan mteting-.hou.sethe Relief Society" of, this f ward prepared the dinner and it was truly a credit to them asjfjanas quality aifd quantity,. ve" , - .:. situated. ; j .: could not raise me if I tried, I 'working and hope iwe are apaceLwith our sister settlements., ' similarly. never- ceased - Obstetrics are ATrs. Mati!davvensc;ir liar risville Weber .Co. ' Mrs. " Mary Ann Nor c;"in I try. .. Mrs. I.eoua Hamlin, Salt i.ake City, Could I but look into tiieskics Co. Mrs. Marina Benson, Alpine, Utah v Through thickening mists before my eyes ' Mrs. Hliza "Hansen, Riverton; Utah, Before! 'die, Salt niniVfTlHsatit Green, Lake Co. ZwWdr-'ko w towa rd hat rm kn'o"wlTllu "Ij i em jj. Mrs.. : Mary Midgley, Wales, Sanpete Co., , 1 would not f hrink thji&hj' aiii'jjyi tig. 1l Vance of Mesa ;City, .and Mrs. ' Sarah Tis but a few short happy jears, ' : t Arizona; ' Since.yourh with all its holies and fears These ladies; have- shown marked.Was in 111 their receivec studies, integrity My. life has only reached its noon, cer dicates of prohciency and we belike gp Why should Death take me there so soon to extended spheres of; usefolntss and Tortli Withirr his Clasp? f wi Lin tliercrespecttve localities fill along,; My hopes and feirs-nlonger vicing, felt want. I he words ;of encouragment I fear ala' that I anr dying! ; ', j amdymgr;7" lyalidsiie-.iieavil- y I '.. - Or wilL they eep, , WlWn jstads by rue "die spcttre,. Death And steals from me' each "labored breath, Ere thalTong sleep- ,Shall my sweetiJabes lor me be crying? Oh, can it be that I . f.. ....... ' , "submit it, with tlu- lutpf. That we, when wtj spak of sing, May put in force the stirring exhort, ' .V" Of Hannah" Tapfield King. "'" L. L. ( i K E k N K ' R I C HA K I ) S. Y S?Ir C."bJtah,: Monday Jul)' 30, 1894.1 S.j -- 1 , -- happy mw&l Loved !jp.t, thought as it ilowed, I'r-vi''4 polished up, With aftt r care bestowed. ' - bright: n'tPr iUug- - l;u V- ITEMS FROSl PARDtfVDr. the fathers, would only "interest themselv es in this ver important association and not rely too : much - upon already over urdened mothers to coiiTrol these miuia- lords of creation , hnt see for tliemselves .that the small nV to their meetings; talk t6 the littk feli0Wsafter Primary aboi ,,, ;tb tw, u.uf least once each year, be just as' earnest and will .stirely act as a stimulu,.aud powerful "' as .w;ith any. other recpairemeiit incentive. to energetic effort, in their labors particular made of us, I .believe we would soon find ax among the sickransufferi'ng reformation amongst the boys of the Prias they " will bath,Jxy,lheTod:eandtIie I atid all' "essential steppiiig" minds of their patients. Truly their mis- - mary. The.first stone higher organizations that pre $1011 is one- of the 'most grand and noble; tvl rf. .Ant eriti l o i rl ! o t rli arc f r KnnAtck. O Til Tori xiirh ini lt ra" ai iluI -l''- r,.!the living God; of priestesses priestsnd into nee, one to call action the better part , August--filtthe ReheT ;r Society . Confer-. ol their stern energies, . and n ; . " . ' - . : . , my-grasp-.- - . :ure f ' - o still can hear my heart's tlull. beat And reason yet hath kept hex seat Thiough ajtthis pain, I live a few weeks more- - -could 0, 1 he ) ast w it i alii ts. gxiufs live o ' t r And pleasures vaih! f f is clogged! Tis labored sighing My breath ' I :..,Now now ftcl-rdying dying. .' : A I;. G i.cii ii 1ST, I '" 1 - ; i . to-th- - T 1 1 1 - , i C- -- - - v A - - , their-natures- A RlvMlCMBERED EXHORTATION. t W - 1 -r- 'To all well-balance- d minds, wmnan is .fitted, and is it.' too - .adapted particularly :1 ii r.::. .1 I , callingof nurse and accoucheur; If any; member, of a fannly is sick who . .. .. .1 - .1 - 1 j :. - . r, , .. - -- - m J4JoikJjLjp ymy And singf- That yoii may be heard! sn,,,, ! - J - lat-a- l eignecUas4s-usua llitristers-meet-,mg- s, very favorable reports were given from the wards, the subiects siikultiire; traiuii othen dutius, of children, and many making anMiiterestingneL tlie jiursin djes soolhes therHJcliing, tossing head? Who VYV are located distantly JVom the gener-bmd- s cuts the He Hoes the powers Go.d gives him; and or scratches,, .up per- al board, visits from the. presiding officers chance liim more makes the wounds and j are therefore seldom, but we would receive Nis eiiergy serious. strong; 110 unnses. He pburs forth Ins soul, his. Maker is praised;: Keeps ingiitiy, s'leepless instructions mostgladlvat anytime. g o over In his loud, couch the the one. vigil song. dying K. .Cranr Watsont Cor. Sec. i a4n the child So should we do Iji oui.hibors all, Tarowan;iron Co. Aug. 6, 1894. calls the name of "mother" instinctively .If we write, or sing, or 'sp6alc,'"'", We should dionor' the power thaK givyth even when the seifses are partially ' with Aneisthetics, when in ' TKASDALK WAYKE CO; strength; far and removed Trom hospitals And not be timid and weak. home, ; have we heard children,- and even stalwart Dtif: pan a few lines to you, God bless you, my sisters!. My heart is fulh; name of mother. men, calf hoping they may prove acceptable. AlWith a love that cannot be told; ; y : Then det us "ask, who should study and though we are so - far away front your Each one of your forms, iif tender embrace,. inform, themselves most;; thoroughly" upon beautiful city, and only few in numbers, yet arms would gladly enfoldf the intricate principles of' medicine, and we enjoy the' spirit of the Lord in our meet- Let us 'wake.and 'rise.nhat' our light; may shine. the more simple and natural laws of nurs- - lngs, and are trying to do our duty and iOiotW'omau?; Instead of leaving here to the counsel given to us, in storing, Not passively, sit content; , ' ' ; tins, profession to men alone, wemaintain up grain, and studying the Lectures oa For great is the work, and mighty the cause ' mincjs with good and Of truth Avhich'we represent. thatspecial branches should be .studied. and j useful live as be- practiced' solely by; women; Let her .tender! knowledge,and trying God help you to use all' the graces and gifts t carebe. for her own sex and the little ones. comes Tatter-daSaints and mothers in Which in love He hath given to you; for such, are the instincts of nature- and the Israel T am pleased to, .say we are a To glorify Hiin,rto be valiantland firm, ' , united little band of sisters here in Teas-daldesigu of Heaven. 4n His cause, which we know is true! and nia5Ave ever prove faithful to the This knowledge should be "a component ' ' ? of ever5 .woman s cohicatiofi". Let.the'V good cause we arfe-- n Early ihis morn, nvhen first! avvd.kej. gaged in, that when part ' 1 f niiuds of our 'daughters be cultivated and These lines hastily pen'ii, we have fmi shed omkthors here on earth , " able to meetour Lord and ad a ned with all 'lie beauties of art, music we .Putting in verse a retfronbertrj TTlirvs :.. aiul literature; 'but let clqraestic science with Savior, is the earnest desire of your sister Of our dearj departed friend. the care and nursing of the sick, become in the everlasting covenant,, I have.ha3 'nQ'time' forudttxipjasincc;' : MAK nAl)A3IS.-.an essential, aye an indispensable part "of But. have questioned, shall I i.utVude; President Teasdale Relief Society. lheir II. ; 7 , Watch 'the swelling throat and open beak "Of die joyous Hi tie bird." j ; - " ; ' - sweet-thrillin- . AVith-the-f- rst-Mafio- n-t ;'be-numlx- -- jd - ; Siskr:l - the-sacr- ed ' . , ! ad-in- j g, ! ; . . and-istoringfo- ' ur .to-- I , y - -- 1 . e, ' " mave ..- ; ; . . -. '." ' ' j ' , 