' ''r' " ' 1 "r" v." The Rights of Vol. 22. the Women of Zion CONTENTS: An Etching Anna D. Thrall. Worn;an's Suffrage column. ioies and News. Some Pictures at, the Art Palace in the White City AlfredLambourne Birthday Party C. Y. Pack. Stake Jane Parowan Parry Mackleprang Question-MarytA.-W- Pratt. -Silk- -Question National Council of Women of the United States Rachel Foster Avery. In Rural England A Story. Woman's Patriotism Ho. M Av and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY UTAH, APRIL , Till. In "Memoriam R.S. Reports. Com. Sarah S. Reese. Editorial: Relief Editorial Notes. Conference. R. 15 'AND MAY 1, M. F. Life E. R. Bnow. Nabbie-- E. R. Shipp. THE ORIGIN OF LIFE. for Written A. M. ,Blanchardtby Zioris after her return from Palestine.) Max's tide of existence is fearfully changed From pod and from nature, how widely trangeai dandled by fashion, mocks Nature's Vice "' - -- Out of the forest comes the cry of a brood of young hawks quarreling in It was a bright, H their. nest at the top of some towering red-- , Wasatch range. The lofty, near the head oL the canyon Alpine valley spruce; two slowly "circling specks on - the r the peaksJay gleaming in thehigh up among sky just above yonder rocky peak show to morning sun. the practised eye where, in a blasted pinion U bite stemmed quaking- aspens stood out tree, a pair of eagles guard their eyrie; and m snarp relief against' a background of upon every sunny Alp, in every dark glen, dark pines. Their pale green leaves, shot by every steep mountain trail, alontr the through with golden sunbeams, trembled banks of even' snow-fe- d streamlet, and hghtly in the gentle breeze which came rover the little open vallev. smiling in the breath from the cool gulches and the sunlight, gleamsj 01" color and faint, rare windy heights'. Above and beyond the odors revealed the presence of" countless fringe oi trees : stretched an unbroken flowers of a thousand kinds. Above all, a still beyond,yetin the near distance, tonic air, like wine, vital and exhilarating, rose rocky cliffs and snowy summits, out-giving health, strength, hardihood and joy. Along the side of the moun'! tain, and across the Divide, winds a steep and rocky path. Up this trail a young man and a maiden were slowly toiling,stopping now and then to recover breath and .gaze out upon the wTonderful world below. To the fisherman; angling for rainbow trout in his little boat on the, lake, 7 the trail is but a.. slender thread drawn diagonally upward across the face of the overhanging mountain and the figures of the young man and maiden appear like two small beads moving along this thread, so close together as to seem scarcely separable. But the fisherman has seen them before, wandering along a wood-roahand in hand .he, straight, strong and sturdy as the mountain pine; she, slender, sweet and graceful as the wild, columbine nodding to her on its- - tall stem as' she stooped to pluck it. WasJitthe golden light of the early morning on that of early love that shone in the faces vf these two? For them the world was new and life was new, and both were full of brightness and beauty, of poetry and promise. They paused just- Lake AksTTe. where a fall of rock had carlined in grey and white against the deep ried awray the young trees from the outer cVv TIip deener blue of the little edge of the Vail, thus affording an unbrokrocort'ni'r nf irv rrvital en outlook. Far below them lay the silver iv.jvi piaciai iaKC,a..iiti-ullake, fringed 'with its dark and sheltering hound on every side, and imprisoned from 'pines, and on its surface quietly rocked, the below by a confused barrier of broken gran- - boat in which the fisherman still stood cast the coy and fickle trout. Beyond ite, dimpled in tne morning ureec, auu ing for the lake stretched a broad Alpine meadow, smiled in a faint and nttui way wnerevei dotted the sunbeams glinted here and there over carpeted with young wild grass, and at its farthermost edge with now and then a its fretted surface. The sparse; yet vital, wild me, peculiar rustic cottage, half hidden in a clump of aspens or of pines. Cattle were grazing to high elevations witnin me umuer iimu, madeitself. heard, and seen on every hand. - here and there and a ribbon of blue, lined with light green, marked the bourse of the In every forest opening a swiftly flitting- willow-fringemountain stream Beyond winer' irom cvuy across me muc vvasic w the meadow,- at a point where the hidden clear move-n- t snake-lik- e trail left the forest and came out upon a broken rock the "stealthy wooded road, a long line of pack mules and nf the weasel, and from its remote re and the faint cesses the peculiar, plaintive chirp of the horses came slowly into view, tinkle of their bells rose up from the dis little far-pierci- ng - es- - mi de- . We wake into being how hopeless at birth! How short, at the longest, our stay on the earth! Too short to develop (we merely begin) M The germ of the Deity 'planted within. father transmits from the father to son, So God, our Creator, our Father, has done; No attribute God in His glorified form Possesses, but man, too, inherits the germ. Though frail and imperfect.unlearned and unwise, He's endowed with capacities needful to rise From an embryo state, onward, upward at " : length To a fulness of knowledge, of wisdom and As a ' ' his own choose with acting: agent -- d, ' freedom to . With power to accept, and with power to refuse, With a future before him, the sequel of life, To which this is a preface, with ' .' " , rife. "V consequence : He should learn how to strengthen this life's feeble chain, And bring back the longevity rightful to gain Develop.ability, greatness and worth, By improving himself, and improving the earth. He should squander no talent, no health and no time, ..,...!all are important age, manhood and prime; As we sow "we shall reap what we earn we'll ' ' receive We'll be- mdorprJ' hv rnir wrrt-- not- hv what WC j j j 1. oeneve. . - AH, - fc- We're now laying foundations for what we shall ............ t;e, For life's current extends to Eternity's sea; And whatever ennobles, refines, debases, our acts, we imprint in indelible lines. We're the offspring of God. We should neter By degrade , ' The form which at first in His image was made; h we honor our beings and callings while here, We'll secure an admission to life's higher'sphere. ' .4 " strength. nd ',-- signs, And existence is lessened as virtue declines. nes 1 1 d - the likeness With His own of bird-note- ;, Deity gracefully form ed noble attributes richly adorned; For a grand immortality man is designed-Perfein body and perfect in mind. ' No. 16. AN ETCHING. for-est.a- favorite poetess 1894. like-Go- d's . Poetry: The Origin of Jesse W. Fox - Society Oaituary o V ; cted FU7A R Snow. rock-rabbi- t. 