t A I I I I 'wvi wi liX W" A FRAGMENT, the coming of the ardent- read his words only take my hand in thine, ami all my pulses Y thrill to thee: An inilefinable, transporting joyi which lifts my soul in ecf tacy; , which life charmed 3pcU Some invigorates, wakens tenderness: . t A potent pover:that And truest comfort doth to me Impart An intuition of my woman's heart, Vhidrseenfs'6rme lost love a counterpart And adds its joy to human happiness. The pent up fountains of my inner fegush tenderly to thee; Thou cairst from out the deep recesses of my soul sweet sympathy; I'm launched as 'twere into a maze of doubt " I seem in retrospection's cloudy land And misty phantoms shift and change to view, And all the sombre past wears violet hue. And shadowy forms appear, which erst I knew While I sit silently and hold thy hand. Methinks I wander dreamily v'm'Kyk)w'rs of roses without thorns, And e'en the air is conscious, with the beauty which the scene adorns, And rippling brooks make music in my ears, And lightest zephyrs whisper 'mid the trees, As though the fairy elves made holiday, And witching charms of nature's melody V . Envelop ev'ry sense in mystery, And subtlest perfumes float upon the breeze. ' inus wrapt wnn suence as a mantle round my, soul, thoughts come and go. And ansvv'ring echoes from the distant past true-love'- I And , it j ; ' seem rippling- soft arid low. And all the while I feel the magic touch That brings such harmony of sight and sound And charity and love my bosom swell, With that intensity no tongue can tell, And thy bright presence vivifies the spell; And am treading on I enchanttd ground. Thou'rt gone! The vision's fled! And moon and stars are dull, and sober night Reigns all around in darken'd robes, and mocks as 'twere my lost delight; And then some pitying angel softly speaks Mortal 'twas but a glimpse of love and Heaven, Back now, to earth and thorny paths again, Stern duty holds thee with a tightened rein. v Piod on, and strive some victory.to obtain, And love eternal will to thee be given.5 E. B. W. it; thelilaoh;h WHEN WOMEN VOTE. to .starlight t sweet-hear- bv 91 nf vr siienti ua. I do not expect to see woman suffrage come upon the stage arm in arm with the millenium. If 'the movement effects any reforms it will be the reclaiming of national buildings and thoroughfares from , their masculine uncleanliness. I anticipate a. national g such as this country" has never beheld; and the cleaners, a vast army, fully armed with mops, brooms and buckets, wiil be made up, not of men, but of wopien. Why not? In private homes the housekeeper is a woman, why should not the housekeeper in our 'national homes be also a woman? ' Under woman suffrage .women ,vill solve the gigantic 'problem " of by the streets themselves.; cleaning Again, why not? In rany foreign cities, in the late hours of tlie night I have seen columns and columns pf women, brooms, in hand, grooming and polishing the', streets so thoroughly that Women pedestrians the next day allowed their skirts to drag as they would in their own drawiug-rooms- . Then, too, women would look more to the sanitary condition of the abodes of the poor; and best of all, we should see, at last, woman receiving as much pay for the same work as man. But, as I have said, I do not expect the millenium. SuHFage alone, by itself has made men no better; why should it make women fetter? Dr. Jennie Jlf. Lozier in DenioresVs Monthly. iiVJlviO ie SWeet "mbrances the lilacs that bloomed in old garden and of our happy home. A thousand other beauties come with lilac time and alftnese iav e their place d the affections and ! j -- - it, rciTtsecret S,,? tm linger round early -- . I. may-tel- l the dear - . s TV. ft door-yar- d vmmde , freely willrexternal objects. n Uaye their associations and lar incidents, persons, or friendship house-cleanin- All each one haying its own peculiar music, which uiiuyus, thro' the brain and the sightreverberating of one of these strikes the Chord or touches the note which wakens responding symphony in ythe soul, and a long train of half remembered indistinct thoughts struggle for recognition inwords. street-cleanin- g Spring time and beauty of woodt.of field, of grove and glen, songs of birds, hum of uees, dance ot butter-Hies- , and e'en the melancholy croaking of the melancholy frogs, the jocund and sparkling brooks, the cerulean sky; these are synonynikof Thewood violets we call i ildMittle, , ,pale delicate emblems of innocence, abound at this season. How often have I gathered them in my woodland rambles, and how grateful was their exquisite fragrance! How tenderly they appealed to the finer elements of my nature as I wreathed them, with the soft, fresh, green vines, and my own love of the fantastic and weird grew more and more apparent as I listened with keenest zest to the sounds of forest music. NOTES AND NEWS. Only "those who know," can appreciate the feeling that comes to the soul awake to all the fancies, as well, as realitiesof a to make Woman suffrage Khas The pearly drops of progress even in France. begun deep wooded dell. On Jan. 20, the morning dew on leaf and flower and blade French Senate, by a vote of 132 to 84, exof grass, the charming atmosphere at sun d in business the tended tb rise, the rich delightful sunsets, the evening right to vote forjudges of the tribunals of twilight, the starlit nights, the mellow, commerce. healing 'moonlightall these are associated Miss Pier a fascinating lawyeiof MilThe early lilies, bright with and beautiful, plways reminding us of the waukee, and. a graduate of the. University Savior's words "they toil not, neither do of Wisconsin Law School,, was, on mbtion admitted to the Supreme they spin" beautiful", words which lead us of Col. Vilas, Courtof the United States, Wednesday of s to "Consider." In the lilacs the week. T sing and swray on the light boughs and this swallows dart hither and thither, and Oy mts are teachers jn all our public how delightful the music mingles with the schools, their salaries and position are happy thoughts of youth and maiden. largely decided by the political favor of and too the Then bloom, those who have .votes. Those who have a leaves white and the voice in the appointment of school superinperfumed daintily pink buildbirds are The the bestrew ground. tendents, commissioners of education and ing their nests and singing pretty songs to trustees and the salaries of teachers, .would woo their mates meantime, and thus it is be more likely to receive favors than those and the pale apple-bloowho have no political influence whatever." that ' To linger in symbolize the "Girls have the same interest in good the orchards and drink in the sweet s in the open air, while the" happy-birdgovernment that their brothers have and ful- keep meirytime to the music of fond they have equally responsible duties to church and the home, hearts, is to partake most freely at nature's fil in the State; the their influence, and their opinions banquet. It is good for us to commune hence should have equal weight in the framing of thus with - nature's heart,' to cultivate m our souls an intensity of affection for the artistic laws, and the choice of law makers. It is works of a divine being, and become eny the right and duty of every girl to votedeared to Him more and more through our when she attains the legal age of twentyone. high appreciation, not only of his lotefor us, but all that he has caused to be for our j A school suffrage bill hasbeen introduced Communion with, the delectation. and in the Ohio House of Representatives by joy termed the is what in vegetable mysterious Mr. Wood to extend the right of suffrage to connature one's by exalts very kingdom, women, and to make them eligible for tact and,iudeed, when one speaks of heavAnother bill introduced school officers. of as the is it place always or paradise en, provides that married women shall be immortal flowers, and is associated in the eligible to perform the duties of executrix nrtisticallv perfect .in all its or administratrix whether married before pt Em. . lilac-tim- e. - M women-engage- lilac-tim- e. blue-bird- :.. r SOUVENIRS OF apple-orchar- LILAC-TIM- E. Fanciful as it may seem, to practical. people, who affect to ignote sentiment in its relation to the wonderful, nevertheless I have the courage to declare myself a devoted admirer, not only of the beautiful and fantastic, but of the weird in nature. It is a part of my composition, and perhaps I am not altogether answerable if it is not strictly "proper." Lilacs are one of my especial weaknesses, for they are associated with the earliest recollections of my child-lif- e I never and school-gir- l history. see a lilac but it calls up tender memories connected with the past, that thrill me through and through like electricity, The sweet-scente- d foliage, leaves. lilacs with their handsome great "dark, green, Artistic shubbery that forms many a shady, pathway round the homes of thee people; within whose shadow many a.iove-kfhas been told: and troth plighted; the yeryname is musically poetical. Love otters have been hidden away ees mid the luxuriant branches, to wait heart-shape- d -- ds lilac-tim- e m, love-makin- g. fra--gran- ce v - - - -- : characteristics. Aunt after their appointment. , 