.till-- sisters there obtained by tJieiu through ' never .sets upon the Relief Bodzty :i That" extends more than half wav around the globe.". Spoke of the importance and sacredness- - of the work in the Temples. "The spirit of Jvlijah is working in the hearts of tlyir people,' even those who are not of us,; 'to iumt up jheirjnards tUal; ' ". the' proper Spokcrpn ' the benefits of hbme-- , industries, especially of-- the manufacture' of rsilkaiid-thhygiene of dress. Said if we had ... observed, the counsel of PresidenVBrigham Young on this latter subject we, would now iu5tTiiJ' alfd.'.prayer. ; isit ! lead the , - ; W mmiiif-- worldifiijg ! j. e u:ay s . : ... . r f 1 . . . . .- - v aiiu wnscjenious ltwrar teacningmia examples. Pray 'for wisdom arid" know lr edge and out Heavenly Father will; give Vi " them torus.", ; - ' , v Sister E. 'B: Well spoke very on the principle' of obedience. beautifully . I ii r uiKiij : ; -- '. ; ;. . V.. " . . ' 7 . go; on blessed ;abovef';. a"II:Ss$MQpU: 011:4 he Jaq?:y Obedn and humilitv' brines to us the r ine rsationai Uoiiucii ol wonien . wa fe 01 ine earin ana we snouiu so rive in .iwe grandest knowledge op earth and opens the held in Washington next February and we duties our of we usJi-W- e that' all performance . may door oOIeareiL-l- Q can -- feel the ' must make a L'oOd r e ! r es n t a 1 i ) : t th t r S esca pe tl ie: si i a res of- the e i Pon e .J. It was the mind of our leading brethren presence of angels even i.ii our amusements Mster jv. J.. wells said tiie sisters were a if they are. conducted .aright. Knowledge.- that we become a part of these great great help in all the important labors in the is pqnci unu we neeu iu learn ine laws oi cilsof w'omenand it is a great church. Spoke at some length oh our exlife and health so we can do without doclo us ana our money, is not tiirown away hibits at the World's Fair, said they, were tors. ' ' ' Gave instructions' with in those . our membership regard 'to" that goes' to pay r an object lesson to the ,v hole wofld-.- Redead and exhorted the sisters Councils. ; ':".; clothing the ferred to the manufacture of straw goods to sustain the Exponent. : 'Sister Mary' Aid )ououg If a - sister- from and thought it might be madea great in Emery Coun ty ; "I received the .first gospel should "Our le worK- -- 1 nere is.in tne l e e,a lieaveiilyj-s- e dustry.young people to tiie honor and .respect aged, jmd influence so taught ever since As I am about exalting and inspiring that one iui to tne work to strive for7 alestiinom'-ior- themselvesr . to leave disfrint bomp .'.and:miiv- seems to be near the other shore. We we. have faith and perform our duties we ought to be willing to sacrifice our worldly never see your faces'again I wish to leave-thican receive every-sr- ilt and bTessmgfof the interests testimony with you." The general and once in a while to do some of this ' gospel necessary for. our salvation." stake pfficersv.were presented .to the con.; President C. D. White would have .liked great work." Spoke of the Jiiiportance of ference aiid education and the good ve can do with it unanimously sustained. Bishop to have seen every sister in the stake' a,t the " fl JnctritMiitiLfrrr fln, til rrovii fH ri t if we only know how to use it. - Re . .J to .!. "instruction .1 the hear had that '.1 meeting, motuers wnn ferred to the great opportunities afTeearo to tue traminir olf been given. Appreciated very .much 'the 'forded children. President Zina Young blessed by the World's Fair to remove prejlabors of the Relief Society. "There, are sisters and asked God to strengthen us udice and error with regard to the great the no better organizations, or none doing betand lielp us to live unitedly. Conference, "Ih establishing ter work than they? Tkousauds of bushels ..Work of the Eatter-dayfor six months. Singing, "Glory our home industries we hope to pay our adjourned ; of grain will be raised this year that would not have been had not the sisters furnished employees enough to" honorably sustain Patriarch D. r : Tyler.: the seed. The church and kingdom" of themselves." Advised the mothers to keep ...... t ti. uus.cioseu uie oest ana most interesting God would be a failure without the sisters, their girls at home and not expose them to Relief Conference ever held in; and the time is near wheii they will be the dangers and. temptation of city life. Bea ver Society Stake . We appreciate very m uch -"Use all the influence we possess to refine in a the as earth." recaguized great power and elevate ourselves "and those around us:" .the counsellnTd iirstructionsof our beloved Conference 2. until m. singp." 2 adjourned, Sis- Spoke of the sisters store and asked the President Aunt Zinarand her .fly. " Beuedic-- , sisters ing, (il saw a mighty angel tiis auu uui pxa cibi'U y itu LJieiU llldl tdrlielp sustain it. tion br Bishop George " Mum'ford.' be blessed in their,' labors of love and JBishop Mumfdrd 'was pleased with the may Afteknoox session: Conference called return-insafety to their homes. counsel that had been given and thought to order by President Howd. Singing, x LouiSi.A Jones, Stake Sec. We thank thee O God, "etc. Prayer by the mothers in Israel the most important IHder Robert Stoney. "Singing, "O God part of the community,said Iwouldnot want to be a bishop if I could not have'the help Richard Hrding Davis ws- thirty our help," etc. ' v Relief of the Societv. Exhorted the years old lastApril . Stake Counselor S. M." Dell gave a fewr the principles words of, counsel and. bore testimony. The mothers to teach ot and baptism thatllur repentance statistical and financial report of tlie stake Richmond tRnteTnel:slanX when they-- come to educated inEee, Mrs. Eee Was born and Glasgow. .,. .... adjourned until readshowinga tgtal cash disbursement of be baptized. a. Conference fi rsf Miss A '.$188.25; Property disbursed $168.63. . Saturday 10 m. Singing, "Lord dismrs I3enediction byElder Ffaii I: "Harris. O11 Hand Cash, 5 1 60.65 ; story , "Joanna Traill, S pinster"' vas pu b- Property, $187. 82; -- ils. Satur day .morn i n G Con ference ca led lished sonie months ago,edits the Woman's - Real Kstate, $3,670. Wheat 1194 bushels to order by Presi(Jent Howd. After the Signal in Eondou and is associated with 17 pound openirig exercises lresidetit R. W. Tyler Mr. Stead 'in the literary work of the testified to this being the Work of the Eo id Rcvit zj of Rcvicics. the truth and her appreciation "of the. counsel of the sisters. "Counselor Mary A. and Tie wrould give us knowledge intelligence Mrs. Elizabeth B. Grannis, of New White said: Relief Society women should and strength if we were faithful to our trust. YorkCity, as 'president, of the Christian President Ziiia D. H. Young greeted the' be exemplary in their lives as more is expected y JeaJbj:liiePromotioii-Soat'Purit" . . . .. . . , r ti ot tnem tnan ot otner women.,. weshniiiH osiers witn has a great many: cases of suffering brought exercise humiiiiy and diligence and strive and power in tsrael consists in the people to her notice.. She is makiusr appeals for to overcome our weaknesses.. " being taught correct principles, and the help from the charitable forfunds to build Sister M.'E. Murdock: "The aliuremeuts capacityjthe people have of self government. city and country industrial homes for women Gave instructions on .the order to .be ob- of the world are great and we heed, the mem- .. . v : .1 , i :it sman it voice '..ii to Miii prompt us tnat we fcivcu nr uur jii4tmi.auuns uecausexwe bers of thei r families, In this connection may escape them. : Teach our children, boys wantJ.aenjoyrthe-samepint-thatrprevdl- I$ the fact is being brought to light that there i n '1 . r obedience in where and Heaven order ne va are do vvcu as'uins, 4.1., otluc xuriceiess Kis no free temporary home for respectable the" as sisters Exhorted the to first laws." and be more associate with chastity parents women in ISew York. - The Superinten-our young people to encourage and lead faithful ta their- duties particularly in the dent of r Poor said recently to a re- them in the right wav. " The minutes of matter of family prayer, and especially porter iorther Times. the last annual meetinir of thp Rpnwr those whit have no husbands land are them"I. say. it is terrible. In this City of Ward Relief Society were read' by the selves heads of families," that a bond of New. York awoman must first acknowSecretary of that association Sister Alice "union and strength might be around them ledge sht js bad Or she cannot get a place to Tanner. aud their children taught by precept and stay over night, to. President Zina Young again addressed, and example, especially the latter, the wav YThen the Relief Society the conference. of eternal life. President Howd spoke on Frances. Wielard passed her qth was first organized by the Prophet he said the mission of the sisters, their various birthday on Sept. 28, and was given,. as the the sisters could have no idea of the great- duties in the Relief 'Society and also in Chicago papers said, 'SuehXa birthday ness of their wT6rk. Joseph turned the key their families, v "The welfare and future party as never woman had before .There for women and their sphere has been widenin "a a of was , celebration our, children, the at depend great7 greatness Temple in the ing ever since until now their influence and measure on the. training they receive from morning, and at the First Congregational power are felt all oyer the world. The sun the mothers, hence we cannot be too pains- - Lhurch ; 111 ; the atteruoon. C. C. Bonuey : ' . ' - j - . ! - . -- . , . for'-mv- ' 4- - s - . 1 . . -' s. 1 , 1 . , . A - ' " co-labor- . er , . . . J . - " . : theh-'childre- n .... , nxiE-IIOLiswOkfii:--vti(- ;se - : 1 . -- - r- - . . . . 1. . 1 1 1 2' 1 -- where-they-Tnayte . C . . I t ' v - " Out-doo- ' "'x 4 . 4 -- 