WOMAN S ve;p KXPUNKN7 rm rmir-'C- ri weaTf row.. We realize the po wet. of . Satan,: but U a . necessity of moth 11 rc i her we must not be discoursed, but. be fit of elHeient ac cornea Mi e also tesh- - ers.to tench them continually. coueheur, still greater is the need of the. frith. Urged the sisters to bear their children being healed to help us, out bore, testimony of her God ask we ever mbntes; doubts one 'the may If any knowledge. make an effort, he by faith, and 'of one son Mterwards going un do not we if skilled for and; demand and get growing present much .more good on a mission to Xew Zealand fpr three so. She do can not in Tor. our gave women, especially suffering help ; distant towns and villages, that one should and .timely instruction to the. sisters. Sister Zina Young spoke of her daughter-in-laA sister felt to thank the Lord that he had sojourn in those districts beyond the reach who lhe' doctors said had a cataract of C(jinjetent physicians, and, listen as the been so kind to her in permitting her to enin her eyes, and who would be hopelessly writer has listened, to the recitals of suf- - joy the many blessings of. the Gospel. faith. Sister Brown felt to thank the Lord for blind, receiving her sight .through ferjng caused through .a 'lack of skill and should lake knowledge. Also notice tne results m the His blessings, and it behooves us to meet Thought .the younger eople an interest in the Relief Society and attend, failing health, the loss of strength, the often together. Sjokc of the . blessings so that they would le able to perform their shortened .lives' of the masses of women; that we have in the Temple. The Lord uith fhe broken homes, the lonely firesides, made us, is our great physician, and we duties wh?n the older "sisters passed away.l Then eau we should call on Him to heal us. Joseph Smith said this society .was organi..-ethe motherless children. after the order of the Holy Priesthood; Sister Martha G. Young felt impressed to fully sc use how precious are the lives of Sister Annie Taylor Hyde said that her to speak. She always felt a great interest in wives aiid mothers.and how the ttelief Society! ami knew this was the father. was unable'' to meet with his' family "prolong those lives in health and vigor. In, many places women arc througli work of God. She spoke .of the great bless- at his birthday party before his death, but "Khccrircrebsiiy'rcetl topractice because in ings of the Lord to her, and said she had felt sent a letter in which he expressed a desire tlie kindness of their heart they desire, to to thank Him for the love she had forthis among other things, that his family should All unmindIjcuefit their fellow creatures work. "We are sent'on a mission and will identify themselves with the Relief Society ful of personal comfort, they answer "these have strength to jxrrform it. How blessed and other organizations that were estabChurch, and said: "While untimely calls. Night orday, rain or shine it is to know that He will bear" us through." lished ministering to their sister women with all Sister Jane James bore her testimony; you ate" receiving information and benefit, the inherent gentleness of their sex, and all felt there was nothing else to live for than you at the same time, may make yourselves too often without the least remuneration this kingdom of God, and knew that the useful and a blessing unto others." He Smith organised for these, wearisome services. That this Spirit of the Lord was here. She felt to said the Prophet Jov.-p- l mission is one of philanthropy and unselfish rejoice that she had the privilege of seeing the Relief SocieU fin that purpose. She felt love no one can gainsay, and had she been the a just desire, in her humble way, U use prophet Jcseph. prepared kr this labor of. nfe'rey by Sister Peterson bore her' testimony 'of her talents to help build w the kingdom of thorough education in the science of Ob- - being healed by faith. Another sister tes- God. v how much be would the stetrics, greater A sister made a few remarks on the tified, she had seen the'lame walk and the then could she meet good accomplished; blind restored to sight, and also had been promises of the Lord, and said those who arise. Hat every emergency might healed herself. She knew the Lord wouM grind the faces of the poor will be destroyed. How .much more fitting that woman-shoulbless those who tried to benefit others, and Sister Mary P. Silver. said that the M. I. receive these delicate attentions work hi the Relief Society. Spoke of the A. and other associations had grown' out of from one of her own sex, if one can be se- - J "missionaries, and the great work they had cured who is qualified, for such offices. to perform; hoped the Lord would bless us " Sister Haon had a humble testimony and are skill the Knowledge great all. A sister sang "Sweetly may the bless- -' of the truth of the work, and prayed for occasions not un frequently ed Spirit." l mi-- . veui:i:iUall-re4u- ai tlu-iarise when life is in rrr nnil is prii A sister bore her testimony to the truth Sister Phelps thought we all hau a knowno tune to send miles away for competent of the she lived some Although Gospel. ledge of the Lord, and hoped we might all assistance. Thus is emphasized the neees. 'she felt that all were working in distance, sity ot skilled help in every town and' vil L the same cause; spoke of the signs of the give hetd to the prophets and prophetesses I inly the educated nurse and times, that they indicated the conr.ng of among us: She hoped the sisters would all lage. with the race,-an-d the Son of God. Felt that the labor in the' have integrity in the exercise of suffrage, obstetricjui should be and not any one of them sell her vote. found" wherever; there is habitation of satisfaction more than anTemple gave Sister Morris knew this was the work of . man. , said that inasmuch as we keep and other, ' J had received many blessings from the lii.ijs K. Shipp. M. I). the commandments of the Lord, we shall God, Lord. Another sister felt timid but thanks be blest and receive our reward. ful for the Gospel. Felt that the Lord bless Sister Morris sang '"O My Father." A ed L A D IKS S H Ml M OXTHLY v her greatly. of sister rethe she MKKTING. spoke great pleasure Sister liorne spoke of the contemplated ceived from; her work in the Temple. Her I bought there wasx MiNUTi-of meeting held in the 14th husband's father, who was dead, came to excursion to Saltair. her in a dream and said:. "You are free and a lack.of respect for the aged people, and Ward Assembly Rooms, rlulv 2. iSuh iJ J I am in a' prison, why do you not do a also to the authorities of the Church. I'rest.; M. Isabella Horne- presiding Singof the organization of the Society; ing "Pur the strength of the hills" etc., work for me so that I can be liberated. " Spoke A Pelt like spending her life in doing work said Joseph the prophet organized it, and it fw nrovir w u Hp Vo. r. vjujsoii, sinein,r we tnauk inee U God for a Prophet." for the dead. She also spoke on the Word can not be organized without the priest- - N President Horne 'spoke of the necessity of of Wisdom, and told how her children were hood, aud would say to the sisters, do not serving the Lord. It is a duty for us to all afflicted with diptheria and she told her organize your societies without consulting Father that she had kept the Word of Wisdo- the bishop; and strive to have harmony in attendthese meetings as they were organized by President .Young for the benefit of m,-and now she claimed His blessing. all that you do. the sisters.; The Lord has a a book' of re- - Her children were all saved as He had for two .weeks. ,. Meeting1 adjourned iebranceancl ho Singing "When first the glorious light of promised . reward if we neelect these ormm-?,-Sister Smith. pray-- d for the kingdom of Truth " Iknediction by Sister Julia C. Pleasure and vanity seem to be; the order God, and bore her testimony to the truth of Howe. of the day, and the spirit of the times in this work. A: T: Hyde, SQcrpro tan.. Spoke of her sorrow at the which ve live. Life is real and earnest , death of Apostle A. II. Cannon, and said we how much better if we can look back and be must love one mother. Asked, the bless, sure of a reward among the ' ing of the Lord on all. In Xew; York there is a free-silvclub Solomon says "For alLthese things we just Another sister spoke of the "necessity of of women to urge the election of Mr. shall Tkyau. be brought tojudgment." She said that guarding our children to keep them from It has been suggested that these women her grandson was healed by faith and the evil. Testified to her because speech is silver and boy being cured of favor prayers thai were offered up in his behalf fits through faith; but he was left blind and silence silver, is gold. But this can scarcely be. Felt to mourn the loss of Abraham 11' afterwards had his We have every confidence that 'the great sight restored. Cannon, one of lion's best, purest ami Sister Barrow spoke of the time of the and majority of women are brightest men; he has gone to receive the maimed and frozen emigrants, and the lor overwhelming Gold the is metal of the wed- gold. reward of his labors. We alwavs h3w to elidurciihese " t proarnnrJ-o- r lr: tei . ' tul fid- - j -- nil-importa- nt in-th- to-be- pre-jcqtiisite- ar s, u-4- au - " co-ev- al , . . ; -- - - ; . . . . . " ' like-Paul- er . -- - 7 greal-ffutiHieecl- b - 