EXPONENT. WOMAN'S crive one s self. the. benefit qf tlu Moronr, March 21, on which occassion she jloubtand , wait to be (iillvrfjhviiictftl befurtf takffT!r ariv i;noke xvitJi jjauxcKSt-xiivv'Ji-hj-. istep that will JUertamUvJu.is nut expcaiu- - women wiu weitare 01 We became' acquainted in the early days not make any! mistake but it is Tight to '.anticipate some "good results from the new, of the Na u voo experiences; and had the element infused into the politics b: the new privilege of learning, from the Prophet's own lips, many - valuable5 truths, which state. All the women (and possiblymany men) are watching the women voters of were sacred and life giving; which never Utah with greater interest, we are told, upon departed - from us, but enabled -- us toehold sweet communion together.especially in th good authority, than they watched the wohour of trial, which was more precious than men of Wyoming and Colorado. There fore it behooves" Utah women to set"good worldly honors. We also received instrucother states. tions on the principle of celestial, or plural example to the women of the marriage which he established before his death; which testimony he sealed with his EDITOiUALNOTlvS. blood. I witnessed his departure from Nau-voas a lamb to the when he said; The Presidents of the state organizations slaughter, but am calm go as a summer mornof Relief Society in all the Stakes of Zion .." -' ing." are urgently requested to prepare a comAfter the exodus from Nauvoo, we settled plete list of their Stake officers, and also of in Salt Lake City for a time, when her husthe" Presidents and Secretaries of each ward band, Apostle Erastus Snow, in the respective Stake, with Post Office adGeorge, Washington Co., ami dresses of each person and forward to this Sister Minerva Snowr was to These lists will be side over the Stake Reliefappointed alsopre-to office for publication. Society, carefully arranged and printed in the labor in the Temple ordinancesrafter the Desct et Ak's; since the request was jnade at St. George was dedicated. at the Relief Society Conference iii, April, Temple About the same time that Brother Snow two or three lists have been forwarded, but was called, my husband, Apostle Orson it.is essential that all should be given with-ou- t in Sanpete to Presidents will also HydewasWeappointed a preside further delay. Stake. kept up correspondence, aud, please state at what time their Stake Conour Mmti as Temple was nearly completed, ferences - are held", Address these comI was 'called to labor in the St. George munications to E. B. Wells, Office WoTemple, where our friendly relations were man's Exponent, Salt Lake City; Utah. renewed; subsequently I. refurned to my , for a the plant-home in Sanpete. The setting apart of day imit Circumstances have since transpired to ing of trees, is no less poetical than is .'of this day by bring us together again.- Having lost my portant, and the observance a the public schools has tendency to. elevate First Counselor, she was chosen to occupy the children's minds' with .regard to the use that position, which she filled ably for - and the beauty of trees. The season this several years. ";v, exfor door out unfavorable was most left Moroni We year together, after our late. ercises by the schcool .children, as the day Relief Society Conference and spent the tieTUrrnTtrrf-i-ttfti---wa-s very stormy --night nt Fphrrti fn to vHt our dear friend and disagreeable; however indoor exercises and fellow laborer, Sister Sarah A. Peter: appropriate to' the" occasion were held,7 son, she not having been able to attend oq-though the pretty idea of planting a tree Conference. We had a very pleasant visit had to be postponed. In some of the distogether, little thinking it wTould be the " full tricts the trustees set a later day and the last in company with each other. Sister and Minerva was ever true and faithful; always very deligh program was carried out, exercises were held in the Fortieth the same, seeking to do good on all possible schools-the thre Fortiethf occassions, and her name will be cherished the Waterloo and the Morse-fi- rst met at the in fond remembrance by the young as named school house, and. held their well as the old. She was chosen as an aid exercises conjointly 011 the school grounds. to Sister Steiia Willardson, President of the The. music, the essays, the addresses by Young Ladies' Stake Association, to whom Superintendeht Varr Cott and Mr. Betts she was much attached, and with her laborand the class recitations by the children, ed for their growth in intelligence and use were very much enjoyed; and after the exful knowledge. ' ercises a fine Box Elder Tree was planted A. P. Hyde v Mary on the school grounds, the children all promising to guard and tend it As an example of the benefit the children derive FOOD FOR THOUGHT. from this simple practice, a little girl of eleven summers recited a pjenr of her own When we contemplate what we are and composition. It was her remembrance of the what we should be, we find that the mind planting of the Arbor tree the previous needs food as well as the body : and needs year, and the impression it made upon .her, d and We take great pleasure in publishing plain subst : strengthen it. the childish verses on 'another page. Where can it be found if not in the holy Here we find the thoughts, scriptures. A TRIBUTE OF LOVE; the feelings and the trials orebple who lived in this fallen world many apres since, (To the memory of Sister Minerva W. Snow.) yet their natures were the same as our ownr i sear r.xponent: I was impressed in earlv vouth. bv Bible' I wish to say a few words iu commem- - lessons which we found in bui school books, oration of my dear .departed friend and f What is more interesting than the history , Counselor, Sister Minerva V. Snow, whose of Joseph being sold into Egypt by his sudden death occurred in "less than two brethren? Is not this food for thought; alter our meeting together in our ueciallv when von nn alwi mlpr lead- Relief Society Stake Conference, held at nig, guiding and controlling every event to uie-associuWj- in Salt Lake: City, Utah. Published Terras: one copy one year, Ji.oo; one copy six months, .50 cts.'. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. s Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil .couct one. time, Ja.50;- - per month', $3.00. ..A"" liberal dis p unt to regular advertisers, , Exponent office. Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Building, Main Street, opposite Z.C. M, I. Business hoursfrc.cn 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications td semi-rnor.thl- y, - : PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Salt Lake City. Utah, Enttrti 'tcon'S-cta- x at the Past OJlce in Salt Lake City. Utah, as " . matter, X, 1896. -- in "I Cali- fornia, Arizona on(f Idaho, is attracting much attention and comment throughout the'several states that have taken an active part in the questions of the day. In California particularly there is a regular campaign going on at the present time and Miss Susan B. Anthony, Dr. Anna H. Shaw,. Miss Yates' Miss Hay, Miss Mills and Lucy E. Anthony are working vigorously to secure the amendment to the Constitution Tit-tA tftiinli nut'. . ... . .. . . f - citfTmrr w unttipn ' ...V... , ...... tHWil cliill ing them eligible to vote and hold office in the State of California. The Amendment will be submitted t6 the voters in November,; 1896; if it receives a majority of votes cast thereon at that election, it will be a part of the Constitution without further proceedings. Meantime . ( 1 ... A v and suffrage sentiment is in the air, and being wafted broadcast as never before on the r Pacific Coast, aud in every nook and of the State. , Mrs. Laura M. Johns has been doing good work in organizing and speaking in Arizona and will be here now very soon oh her way to Idaho. Mrs. Diggs will join her in Idaho, and the two wilLrnlike a very strong team, both are sueji ardent advocates aud such eloquent speakers, and are so well adapted to public work of this sort, that the cause must be greatly benefited, and numerous converts made by means of their logical arguments. To secure planks in the party platforms Miss Anthony declares is one of her hobbies, and it is Certainly a great advantage gained, for when once a plank is introduced it is pretty sure- to be voted ripon, men "will not usually go back upon the platform they : had sustained publicly. In Utah the struggle is over, there is to be sure, educational work to do among the people generally, and wisdom is needed as well as knowledge that the advantages gained be used for the ood of the common- - wealth - or - amfor desire bitious power or the spoils of office ought to be allow-eto creep in and usurp the place of conscience and beguile women into doing that which may .seem expedient but which is not straight-forward- ,' each woman should as far as possible investigate for herself and be sure she is right and houebt in politics, as well as in other matters which pertain to one's It is well when doubtful on a subject to cor-ne- " f - - , aprice r well-bein- g. " ' Xq-presi- in-St- . ' Ot o was-call- ed SUFFRAGE IN THE WEST The agitation of woman suffrage . -- - SWT Lakk CITYMAY, n. -- -- - - " ul - , ; -- ' . botlTre-fresh'an- ' " fc i ; es-wee- ks de 