WOMAN'S J r rv:rs 'rrrrrr)rs'.w'vr;v...... . -- ... . . r " " . " : ' . . . . , , v t 1 1 1 merrier ' 4T.U.. ri ".; ' I I '.' I I ? v m. ounir,.. ' .. . -systematic Jtfort tr i accomplish Mr. -- time-for.-.'-dismi- "May---&TO- -.J ; . Miss-Dodg- face. I,ULA. " same pioject. twin-&e- ' i . had .a keenly intellectual Her hair was. pure white and- her and yere bright and penetrating, ' J - - 'eyes Uramediuihb- I - markably impressive. She looked like a woman. Her life had .bright been one of constant work and excitment. When Gen. Butler was Governor of 'Massachusetts, he offered Miss Dodge a position as one of the trustees of the Mateworkhouse at. Bndgewater, a vacancy' havthe board by reason of the ing occ'urred-oresignation of Mrsr James T. Fields: She "as a kind and sympathetic woman, .' ' dearly loved by her neighbors. Though not m favor of womau sullrage, Mi ss Dodge was impatient of the fallacies-j-X'iews oi its opiKjnents, and her little book ridicui- ing the Kev.'.Johu Todd for his cou'teinpt- uous disparagement of womanhood, was wonderfully keen- and elective, in tins book nearly all the stock arguments of the remonstrants are dissected with merciless scalneL In reolv to the threadbare ob jection that if women voted "they must engage in every kind of rough manual labor, Gail Hamilton caustically demanded why'! it should follow, if equal suffrage were go to the granted, that Lucretia Mott-mu- st North Sea and hunt seals, while the Rev. John Todd might stay at home and write sermons? The early advocates of woman's rights will never forget la r services to the cause by this and other early writings. Indeed her entire literary career has been au object lesson in woman's capacity as a political thinker and writer. It is a singular anomaly that a woman who exerted all her life so strong an in- flueuce on American politics should never have been allowed to vote. Woman's. "Journal. j ! broad-minde- d FACTS ABOUT MISS DODGL. ; ' j j Miss Dohgk first came into public notice by her little book called years ago. I layprinted about twenty-fiving been induced to invest some mom y. in a sheep farm in one of the Western States, and having lost all her investment through bad management or misrepresentation, or both, she made an investigation of the wool wrote one of her characteristic The book, had an. screeds about it. enormous circulation all over the country. It was the first evidence of her remarkable. ' 'power, and from that time forward every-thin- g horn her pen was eagerly read. During the War she won fame by her a midshipman championship of the case-'oin the "navy, , who had been accused of . mutiny and sedition and hanged at a The lad was a nephew of a member influence-wauf the cabinet! and , family set at work- to convince Miss Dodge that the boy was innocent. She made an investigation of the charges, and succeeded in convincing a great many people that the midshipman had organized a .sort of secret v society simply for fun, aud.not with an) seditious intent. Miss Dodge's strong characteristics left their impress upon the career" of James G. Blaine. It is one of: the traditions of life in the capital that Mr. Blaine always leaned When in doubt as to upon her judgment matters political, literary or diplomatic, it" was with her that, he wished to consult before any one else. Miss Dodge's skill as a politician and her judgment of men were remarkably keen, and with his wife and her cousin as his advisers, it used to be a common saying in Washington that Mr. Blaine liada-cabin- et which a President might envy. "'. Years ago, before Mr. Blaine's literary reputation was as firmly established as it was before his death, there was a popular belief that Miss Dodge wrote his speeches and "reviews for him. As late .as 188.1 when Blaine was in the Garfield cabinet, he was suspected of having. Miss Dodge as his assistant in the preparation of diplomatic dispatches. She worked very hard on the life-- , of James G. Blaine, and finished it just before her illness, in June, 1895. She had in her possession all the personal papers referring to Mr. Blaine's own affairs, and his business and private correspondence. In the course of that sickness Miss Dodge was unconscious for some' time, and she afterward wrote her exprriences, which' were published in the New York Independent, under the title, "Passing Through "the Shadow." In this 'article Miss Dodge declared that she died, and she detailed her 'experience after death. In addition, Miss Dodge never ceased her efforts to 'secure the release of Mrs. Maybnckt the American woman imprisoned for life in Loudon .'on accusation of poison- e . f yard-arm- . ' s . - . . . X' j ; " u -- ; -- - j -- j I j . LHAVKS FROM MY JOURNAL. Nov. 23 We were to spend the morning at Palatine Hill, there is so much of interest to be seen we drive early, changing the road each time that we may see the different points; so first to the Tarpeian Rock, under whichTarpeia was buried and afterward liamed for her, "and from which the Christians were precipitated,, then toGhetto (Jews ' quarter) and Portico of Octavia, again to the 'Forum, just to view the ruins of past greatness and supremacy; also to view the Hill from this.. The Qesars could, come from the Hill to the Forum underground. The Prof, called our attention to some iron bars, looking down these was a small stream of water which runs into the aqueducts, "A lake or morass suddenly appeared in the Forum; the Oracle said it would never close until Rome threw into it its most precious possessions; thereupon M. QUrtins a Roman youth, devoted himself to the infernal gods for the safety of his country. Arming himself he mounted his horse and they plunged into the abyss Which instantly closed over him." 362 B. C. .This marks the spot where, they leapt in. We now left the carriages to ascend the Hill, passing the house where St. Paul' lived; then to the Wolf's Cave, under the Saturday, ,,"V,,n--'iiiaml twm . . .? 'A thrown into the 1 lberjjy tmur mouier aim were cast ashore at" this poult, .where they till they were were suckled by a rescued by Faustulus, a shepherd who brought, them up. Disputes arising between them as to who should ruleJRome, Romulus 7rused"Kemlis to be slain. Plutarch" "says they were the sons of Rhea Sylvia, daughter, of Numitor King of Alba. She was among the Vestals,' but being delivered of these t yo children, declared the god Mars was their father. Amu litis who had usurped' his brother, the throne of Numitor, caused the. children to be thrown into the Tiber, where they were found by Faustulus. Romulus put Remus to death and after-war' founded Rome. Ascending 'the.. Hill we had splendid ofthecky Islands of Tiber and the river; it is deep but only about 200 ft. wide, rises in the Appennines auu iaiis into me . Mediterranean, about fifteen" miles below Rome. I was disappointed in the river. Lord Maeauley says in "Lays of Ancient . week since she busied hersel." about this ssal "Wool-Gathering- ... ' ...i..... at lialf pastfiye, "Nearer my God to Thee,'' is sung, Presi dent M. I. Home offers benediction, and all ' go home .rejoicing in the bonds of love. in - ...,.. '.- A sharp thunder shower comes tip. during" the progress .of tUe".:fiiteting,' but clears hit , ; r j -m: n fcXrONHNT I ; j ; i : t 1 1 1 1 she-wo- lf . . d Rome," - ' ' - ween did swimmer, In such an. evil cae, Struggle through such a raging flood, Safe to the landing place; But his limbs were borne up bravely, By the brave heart within, And our good father Tiber Bore bravely up his chin." - "Never I " - . "Codes, a celebrated Roman, though wounded and impeded by his arms and a'ruiour, leapt into the Tiber and swan' safely across." J)ou't know what there is about thut to make me imagine the Tiber a mile wide; perhaps it was larger then; many of our streams that were once torrents are now only bubbling brooks. The Palaces of the Caisars covered this hill, and in the time of Nero portions of the neighboring ones. Knough of the ruins remain to tell .us of their splendor; brick encased in marble all differing one from(another, built at different epochs and separated by streets and squares. : The house of Augustus is "most a ncien t;si t tia t e d on 1 he side ,of the : Circus Maximus northeast angle of the hill; ' the house of Tiberius on the Valabruse; the house of Caligula at the northeast angle upon the Forum;' the house of the infamous Nero, the Caesar celebrated for his cruelty and vice; It is said he was in the habit of visiting the meanest taverns and scenes of depravity during the night. his Among ugly deeds was a resolve to burn Rome and build a .greater. In A. D. 64, he calised the city, to be set on fire in different places, the conflagration lasting nine days durinwiiich time he placed himself on the top of a tower and sang of the destruction of . Troy, accompanying himself on a lyre; of the fourteen city wards three were entirely,, arid seven nearly destroyed, many costly and old monuments and many ' masterpieces of Greek art were destroyed. Nero's golden house on the S. side of the Esquiline Hill, soon after his death fell into decay; on the 'site of the artificial lake between the gardens, Vespasian began to build .the Coliseum;, part of this golden palace was utilized by Titus as a foundation for his baths; they point out the towers where Nero sat, but doubtfulas there were several in that vicinity at the time, -- ; . 