t WOMAN'S -- ' Vol. r, ' 0 7.1, 0 HAI1VLAKK CONTENTS: Tribute To The Got emor L. S. I). CITY, UTAII4ANUARV 'or rise upon the evening breeze j Madame C. 15. I)'Arblay--- I. "0,. ..Suress, What a 1 M. L. J. It v.is Too Late-I- da Before rmmpb. Haas: Letters To The Governor And Mrs: H. K. Wells.. :. Meeting L. Alder. Sketch OfTraveis-- R. H. Doolan. R.'s". Reports. In Memorram. Mary P. Teasdale Un rm;rno. Obituary Elizabeth V, Condie. j i: i ) to k 1 a? Th eI n a u g u r a t o n . and tie Rights of the Women ont AND of all Nations. 15, ; - . No. 1 -- 16. MADAME D'ARBLAY. --- ' -t Hielodi.-- ' Tifc once they, rose in air . " The Isag4n tpmtom blare, : And in.the place of Latin "prayer and song. Are heard the heathen cymbal and the gong. Thy halls are filled with spectres shadowy gray By night and day. The Jesuit , sweet and sad, The deathless poet of the Lusiad, Bishops and brothers, princes, padres,, peers, Soldiers in armor, 'merchants, buccaneers Throng" every spot Contrasting: whaUhas been with what is hot. --- rit . At Lynu,:in the far off English v Co. of was born in a quiet unassuming little cottage, the woman who" D. did for the English, world of fiction, what Jeremy Collier did for the. English drama, but did it in a better, way, by writing the first successful English novel, ever written and given to the world by a woman. I Frances Hurney the daughter - of Charles roETRV:-Dyi- n?, Vet Living-E- llis R. Shipp. jBurney the village organist. The Burneys" .T''.e Ruined Cathedral At 'Macao, China. Life were of Irish origin and descended from" Temporal, Eternal-- O. j. Wilson. The Heart the McBurneys, a family at one time Has An Eye Irene Acker'man. j j assessed of plenty of means and good Yet, Q Cathedral, though thy days are fled possition in the county. The McBurnys', And thou art but ruined themselves through rivalry and in a phantom from the dead DYING, VET LIVING. terual jealousies. James, the heir apparThy work shall Jive until the final day As fadeth the beautiful daylight, AncTgrow alway, ent, got himself disinherited through a And night's dusky shadows appear. In wiser measures then the runaway match with an actress and his past has wrought, fii the haze of the soft mellow In better manners, nobler laws and thought.' father revenged himself on his disobedient twilight A holier presence is near. The years to come thine epitaph shall find boy by marrying the cook. The cook gave We sum up the d iys' weighty problems, In the new race of Godlike human kind. birth to' a son named Joseph who succeeded Cori over each word, deed and to the family estates, ran through them thought. the Chicago" Dec. 23, rSgf. We scan the result of our actions, with surprising alacrity, squandered the Whether good or ill they have wrought. family ducats and was soon as poor as his 'But the strife and Worry of living, Y disinherited brother, and both were forced TRIBUTE TO THE GOVERNOR. to earn their bread. Joseph turned danchig Stern trials, temptation and care, Are lost in divine forgiving master and James struck the "Mack" off his name and set up as a portrait. painter, And the hallowing chalice of prayer. hi;ukk m. wells. he was the father of Charles Burney-thAfter seasons of and sunshine Could the Pilgrim. Fathers have cast organist at tynn. Close the year with unerring p.ice, their eye cWji the avenue of time and seen Charles was apprenticed to a celebrated The traces cf pleasure or trial the multitudes of. human: souls that have musician in London and became very sue-Are written on mind, heart and face followed them across the waters into our cessful, with a brilliant career before him; leautiful land of freedom, pressing on from but his health failed and he was ohliVfd" Again we pause for a reckoning rnmtier to frontier, Contrition, and solemn resolve; position Sweet conscience silentlvckariic ui.i-iliiiKeu ol aie Lucy in at Little Lvnn. Frances oitranist V ainnuu, logeiiier, While many new plans' we evoh'S, one long chain of union that reaches from mother died when she was a baby, and she one end of the great American Continent to seems to have been in childhood a comThat will chasten, uplift and inspire, the other, they would have fought harder, plete little vagabond, she ' never had a To feelings more. pure and'diyine, e had it been jxxssible in. their determination teacher or governess, was called 'a dunce" Exalt and ennoble desire, ' to win the battle of Liberty and Freedom by her brothers and sisters, and at And leacLajfje more sublime. eight won so successfully: Throughout the years of age could neither read, or write nor they And when mortal strivings are ended, whole length and breadth of our broad land knew her letters. And we wait the blissful beyond; vhereiiildiieyT-:ouay. ine degree ot "Dr. 01 music' was con- May. all of. our. hopes be --uplifted asfind such another state our own lovelv J fered unon Charles Burnev hv thf univHrdtv i j By sacred and holier bond. Utah, with ner wonderful resources of ot Uxlord and in 1760 he jmoved back to A faith in immortal existence, wealthj many of which 110 other state can London and took up his residence on the A hope that illumines the soul,-,boast . Hergold and silver, and various south sideof Leicester Square in. a house, A promise of endless progression other mines, equal to any in our country, her biographer says"that will be famous as .To a perfect and sanctified goal. in the to world, though they long as our Island retains any traces of any perhaps May freedom of mortal endurance, in their iufaney, her mountains, her civilization for it was the home of Newton." are.yet The wealth of research and toil, broad valleys, her rivers and lakes; her Dr. Burney obtained pupils in some of the Receive then the master's assurance, best families and about this time wrote agricultural fields, her fruits and ' bloom on soil." Heavenly AVise one is there another like "theHistory of Music" gaining for him-- , "They yet E. R. Shipp. self a place among men of letters and was XewA'ear's, 1896. plenty and goodwill hovering all about her,; able to support his family comfortably. as she euters the sisterhood of states, with Although he, loved, petted and carressed one of her own true, brave, honest sons for his little ' daughter, he never gave her the THE RUINED CATHEDRAL AT heir first Goverhor. Surely that is asrJslightesL rare, were MACAO, CHINA. I lie for A'iile to be sent to Paris our should be, is people ,of educated, but the father, ' 'J ... HY MARGIIERITAA RLIN A HAM M . f .1 a Frances was educated in a if that 01 orave ne me is aiso aescenuant thought people, Hemnants of what have once been mighty walls, fathers who landed upon Plymouth rock on Catholic school; she would be perverted - .J that cold, desolate morning 275 years ago, from the Prostestant faith, kept her at home Where trod whose proud old ancestors date ther lineage torun riot in the streets, play with the fhe myriad ministers and" worshipers of God, back more than eight centuries, and whose pauper children in the neighborhood and ' Of golden portals and Immortal spires been, mix frpely with butler, groom and waiting family motto is now and has always ' ' And altars lit by g .A fires, mot- - maids. When fourteen she learned to 'Tis better to be than fo appear. What are you now, stones sacred and sublime, to our "Hebe has 'not only carried in his read and one of her sisters taught her how But a loose time? of book the from torn page family genealogy btlt: in his heart as well, to write. Her father had a large library of Never again shall nave and transept hear the making of hith. the oiie man Utah irr her - mixed books, but the collection contained1 of"her" butisi trium haLhou r- - demanded From childhood to womanhood the little L. S. D. people: ,0f thMagnificat's glad refrain, , - 1 Shropshire in 175-- ; Semi-mojvthl- I- ! , ! j Father-Jeneral- i - . j j - , -- '-r- From Inter-Ocean- ," . e storm-clou- d " ' . forminjieialaikr4 i . . w -- , -- , . , flowers.-WhereQh- , . : - Thee-other-xrhild- I tl- 1 1 1 1 1 U ever-burnin- ler as-TU- , ren ! ... 