WOMAN' S EXPONENT. jkiftis; matter into consideration and see. that; f?ttiements were provided with educated fluid wives and nurses, skilled in the pro- - Tt!Hnl;.k. Jf'htiiflv ' .k (trsiioil. ' - President. Youiig made'- a few closing; remarks in' which she spoke, of the wheat and stated that President AVoodrUfT had said in regard to it,' that he had no .right1 to take a ' handful of that wheat and .dispose of it the wheat was held in sacred trust for a day of scarcity and famine. Singing, ''Praise God from whom,all blessings flow." Prayer by Bishop Win. R. Conference adjourned unAllen, Draper. til 7. 30 p. ni. .... , A meeting of Presidents of Stake organizations of the Relief Society or their, lepresentatives, for special instructions was held in the.Assembh Hall at the close of the afternoon services. . - ' . Zina D. II. ' Young presiding. 4vo of .the Apostles were on the Stand, Franklin I). Richards of and Heber T. Grant, also Crr-Penr- ose the Presidency of wSalt Lake Stake, and K. Sisters Jane S. Richards, B. W. Smi B. Wells. R. B. Pratt and others. Meeting opened with singing "0, my Father" end prayer was offered by Apostle H. J. Grant, sjnging "For. the strength of the hills w;e bless thee. " Helena Madsen President-o- f. Relief Society at Gunnison was the first sreaker: they have 160 members in the Society, and a Very good average attendance She referred to the store they had established which was a source ofincomeanda great advantage in many ways to them; they had also built a very nice hall, commenced fifteen years ago; it is called the Relief Society Hall. They rent it for various purposes, the City Council meet there, it is used for theaters and concerts, and sometimes for district school purposes. It is quite a large building and brings in some means to the Society. Sister Madsen told some, very interesting things in relatiotto their man- agement. Sister Libbie Noall, who returned last fall froin. the Sandwich Islands, gave a most interesting description of her labors in the Relief Society among the native sisters on those islands. The first Relief Society organized over there was in 1875 since that time there have been sixty branches, somrtave died out, and others have been organized. At the present time there are 39; some of these are 'necessarily small as the people are scattered. These sisters are as willing to make sacrifices as we are at home in Zion; they are full of faith and zeal in their religion, and are naturally gifted in They learn quickly and do speaking. They are fancy work of various kinds. fond of their meetings and will walk long distances to attend religious services, were very willing to donate to all public purposes. Sister .Noall gave a vivid idea of the condi tions on those far awav islands. and her missionary labors there have certainly been Mr: (Mary Hall, Counselor to the President of ine -- Keuei. csocieiy Maiaa rate, gave a brief report of their work and referred to the diligence of the sisters in their labors spiritual and temporal, they had recently made one hundred yards oi carpet for 'the Logan Temple ; Thesisters some of them would travel long distances to attend . , Con-ferenc- e. "' V- , : meji ; uitiTah I ' work will nroMK-- in flu hind hut vt "hfiK do our part, ix- - humbl'and faithful, and we wjJJ. not be. Ia.cking'-ri- .i any good thing.'.'. - r jst; nrotrcr Richards prophesied good jVKy uldexhus'othpzfatezzj be helpmeetto their ceining Zioii and the work jtfan"3s.' .The speaker rejoiced u&s&r the eongregatiCrtM thih'vwiy,. lcltULi: uiuiik. im ineu.oi u tan nau. Kiil. " cyn-Jives1H6u- - Evening Session. priest hotatfTttl' and women, their. depstiucncev " iitmhi ,r.::v-:- - Elder C. W. Penrose in his remarks alluded to the ideas which had, prevailed formerly in regard to the position of women ofthe.-.LaUe- - ld F ; w u - 1Ui equur-yoiuiva- i ciw.-M.u- i rmeu.' was not fearful of.their abusing the Thee O. Godifora' prophet." Benedie- tion by "Bishop C. A. Madsen. Adjoum-- : ed until next October. K. H. YVkij.s, Secretary ! privilege, wanted to see them use the fran- chise to maintain ritrht. and stand for Justice and righteousness until evil should be over come. . lie was -- glad to le with those honored whom, he had 'known so MRS. ULUJv R. PARDEE. maiiy years, and who had a right to preside over all the Relief Society in all its branch-- , Tin; Ohio papers-werproud to 'publish es thx'oughout all lands. . President Zina. D. 11. Young spoke a Mrs. Pardee as Secretary of the first Senshort time- on the importance of younger ate of our- our new State,, and we take publishing the fol'rwing women coming forward and helping in the pleasure in work of the Relief Society, and getting the notice, and in expressing our own appreciation of.the ability and capability of the lrV practical benefit of the experience of the older sisters,' why are so well acquainted with in the public positions she has so honorabl and acceptably filled. We have also a per- the, work from the beginning of the organization. Counseled those present to sonal friendship for Mrs. Pardee; aside from services she possesses many lov- her j rcrsuade the young women to join the1 Re- - 'able public and endearing qualities of head and ltei Society and attend the meetings; "ieR it Kd. was ,the higher spiritual, work and that- heart. other organizations had trrown out of it. AN'. OHIO (ilKL IS SKCKKTAKV OF THIi UTAH STATIC SEN ATK. Apostle II. J. Grant, in his address", paid a high tribute to the Relief Society and. its R. Pardkk, ofkSaltLake "MrsLiM-iwork, and spoke encouragingly of the sufwho has been recently elected to the frage; said he had always believed it to be City, the privilege of .women to have the Jran-- - secretaryship of the Senate of the new: chise. and had never taken anv part in the State of .Utah, was born in September, 1864. She is a native of Ohio and was graduat- opposition; thought women would in some ed from Puchtel College, where she received respects set an example for men; had realized how strong a mother's influence could the highest honors ever given to a graduate be; his own life had been greatly influenced of that college. Until her marriage four years ago, she was professor of Greek and by his mother, her precepts, her example, her influence had kept him from straying Latin and instructor in the gymnasium of into by and forbidden paths; he owed all to the same college. Her maiden name was Lillie R. Moore. his mother; he paid a glowing tribute to James I). Pardee, an attorney of Salt Lake woman. City is her husband, and they have a Apostle F. D. Richards felt complimented to be in the Sister's Conference; thought. daughter 3 years old. Mrs. Pardee is a type of the younger Sister Young had done well to have the clayil?fqre thf General Confereixayapprcci ated the changed condition, we brought into prominence during the prepar that had liberty and Were now a state, and in ation for statehood through her gifts as an that state women had equal rights with orator. She has a fine stage presence, a men. Thought the sisters had, in going1 I rich sonorous voice of great carrying power, out into the world, helped to turn back the which has had special training under Dr. tide of opposition that had been arrayed Curry, of the Boston school of expression. liy reason of her earnest work in the against this people formerly. Referred to the wonderful w;ork being accomplished Woman's Rnublican Learueshe was an. How-T- 3y the missionaries. Many Klders pointed secretary of the couiity committee, were being senrrtmt, calls were coming in and afterwards was nominated- by the for more and more. ' Urged the sisters to county convention for a seat in the Senate kee their records "of meetings, the records of the new state. yOvving to the .decision of that nad been kept of the sayings of Joseph the Utah Supreme Court against the legal the prophet and of Brigham Young, how right of wopien to vote at the recent elecprecious they were now; there is nothing tion, Mrsrl'ardte voluntarilv withdrew her will tell so well what has been done as the nanierom the tic ket in order not to endanger tiie interests of her party in the legislature records. Related some incidents to illusThe president of the Senate in recomtrate these statements. The speaker referred with apparently great satisfaction to the' mending:; Mrs. Pardee for secretary of the three intermountain states which had equal Senate, said "I recommend Mrs Pardee by ' suffrage, and to the growth and influence reason of her fitness for the .place. I conof the National Relief Society, felt the sider her work in the committee rooms name indicated its increased strength 'and fully up to the standard of any man's"- In private life Mrs.- - Pardee is womanly power. TJie world was watching the progress made by this greatbody of women, and unassuming in manner. She has unand we should pro ve ourselves a strength doubtedly a career of brilliance and usefuland power to helpother' women. Brother ness bofore her." Richards spoke .beautifully upon faith . and -the gifts of .the'gospel; and especially the Oiil fU ARIES. of of to and gift liealhlg, administering the siekt and'quoted the Savior's words, "These To the memory of our beloved sister Sophia follow them that believe." slgnsshall Hansen,; who died at American Fork Jan. 18,1896. Karen Sophia Hansen was born June 26. 1841 Encouraged" the sisters to exercise faith in Denmark. Joined the Church of Jesus Christ of And to administer, to the sick and afflicted Latter-daa child. Emigrated to and rebuke disease in the name of Jesus. Utah 1856, Saints when the crossing" plains with ox teams. "The Lord will magnify His people, II is Joined the Relief in its early days. Society i j I e s . - - , I ' j - - . k , . -- . r j " - ' - . y - ' " 