WOMAN'S JKXFONKja. v ness in feeding day afkl night., 'are the most ( -- essenrnl .point to bring perlect success. grow larger "the noise of o -- ' ! ... ! '. wTtiormtilaie ufZWaman ' since iSjik .L 'hat : j "the women : Progress ........ ' '.. ; , . . . . I KL'&v- . . .. 'their .'X-- . i v -- tAit!i their incessant eating is like rain upon hli&ty"- -"defended by. JU" V: : Mrtl"U t ;V----' fthm; tnti:t)arUU-trantrees' ..Tfcrnis?.brea.thct through Hale "fc iu. v v on nces suuateu on eacn sine warjuie.iegi-- r r. Thit Toudition ui the women ot a utw-- ' universal. opposition.'"!.. for this reason thev should never .be allowed .iu.'it Ttwlov nf itc r?i1i7ntimi AVnrlr ".nil m,t that is the duty, o the women to become crowded tqgetlier but should be nations have favored the domestic seclusion' ... to of of women, with the exception of those in :.. to the Iuecttonsecure, thCMnseves the rightgiven more room as they grow larger. iiaudnse. This was Hisr .nrlctv mid- tlm , nrc Xo'oneshould attempt to raise worms in of this rkind in this countn a low marshy place, for in such places the the only ones ot wlrch history records, their first ex pressioii The majority of the woman movement air is liable to become stagnant, and charged deeds. We have "notable instances wherewith noxious vapor, this with all obnoxious women have unuerstoou, the ecenouhc including' I'licretiu Mott, could nut see th'. of such a radical change. Aft-- ; consistency fumes, especially that irom tobacco, are ol , the ' nation .; ... and financial situation political a long uiscus:un Aluie death. causes jcsunuioiMwas passen often. speedy juriousnnd in which they were identified amMiave This small one 'a .woman inajority. and tender are so remember the insects, been great. factors in adjusting4 affairs- in whose Soth birthday we celebrate, was the in from sudden must be protected changes of Ueeds with the coiiimensiirate general. only one who in 1S48 had the courage to temperature, hot weather,", being; much the people" It was a propitious amen 0 for the ballot, and today is working 'worse, than cold, if they are properly fed . the position which woman was destined to ask as ever in various lines of work-ithey will. stand the cold and give more silk, hold in America, that the only one who assiduously the interest and elevation of. Jier se arid, as they eat much more. Great cafe should" the scope in its entirety has sons and comprehended .fully daughtersto.aid her, and who be taken to have the leaves free from dust; intrinsic-qualitiethe of Columbus plans,and ' are proud of their illustrious mother's life and dry, but not withered. of his matchless genius, was the able work. We find greater changes jbiiice tbat The worms should be watched .very and of Castile, Isabella and Queen gracious " closely ''those unable to shed their skins above all the luminaries of that age shares tiint thaii we have gained in. hundreds of must-behelped out; at the .' first appearance the honors of his great achievement. She ye'rs leiure, but that other bright woiu ni did 'Ot see the need of a wider sphere 'of of. sluggishness in a worm it should "be her kingdom and her private forarrayed taken out and thrown away, for if they are tunes behind the enthusiasm of this un- usefulness, and the; wall of custom and prewas so that few dared to vensick' it will spread to others, if they are lazy man and we must accredit to her judice in' suchstrong popular" an insurrection. Women their cocoons will be worthless, and it is and intuition, beyond any of the ture sagacity accepted the klea of their intellectual better to give the room and attention 'to the nobles of her Court, and .posterity liut-thidea of equal rights was remainder. wisdom. to her homage wail of the slave and Ju the air, the As they approach maturity the worm be- -, , In less than a century another woman," fetters 'appealed tb"v 'everybody.comes transparent, ceases to eat, raises and Elizabeth of first Patrothe was England, Women spoke in public- in defence of freemoves his head from side to side, and ness of the first of her settlement permanent dom lor. thy slave; such a thing had never should be at once-- , provided with small race, their shores; a race which was been lieardof. upon Some ofJhe abolitionists: branches of brushwood or straw (or small destined to dominate this northern Conti- cornucopiasTnadt of paper) in which they nent. of the New World, These women" forgot the slave in their endeavor to silence: , ' tht: women; will ascend and begin to spin; they should were notable and in the sphere great The Church and the Press heaped not be allowed to get close together. They in which the accident of birth them, placed oil women who Iiad so far departed complete their cocoons in from four to six and they made the most of their position from their true, sphere as to.speakin politics days. The male and female cocoons are being greatly gifted by nature. ..... j but Whittier Wrote, at that time "When easily distinguished, as the female is larger; But the theory of the Civil Laws of is breaking, shall woman's woman's . an equal number of each should be kept for Continental Europe coming down from the voice be heart hushed?" I do not think propagation and the rest exposed to Roman Code was based on the meekness of. can sufficient heat to destroy life, and prevent The that the masses the women of frailty and incapacity of the sex,g piice fiee speech, and control of the to husbandTliaving complete ' in public at.all, has been gained. if exposed to the scorching of the sun for .wife's and was able to dispose of it: "" property 7" At that time Mt. Holyoke Seminary three days, their ""destruction .becomes at his own her knowledge without pleasure, Was declared open to women. The right effectuabjjind the cocoons are. ready fo and consent- - These discriminations and in'"."7. and every other good thing was , reeling at any time. . with numerous others, were equalities for to be gained.' The idea that their" sphere the Those which have been reserved to the notice of our friend and brought afrom the of band of steel in lapse production of seed, after Elizabeth Cady Stanton whose was at home' .was like ' . eleven to fifteen days the moth begins to society. to whose and we celebrate, inspirabirthday liu 1 1 he. spi n i gwdieelttd-4lieooii4ia4- push aside the fibers at one .end of the cocoon and crawl out. The sexes almost ever has been accomplished in the advance- had t0. take tbeir Place' A wholesome immediately couple, the males are thrown ment of woman's and political enfraulegal females .are chisemeut discontent in women was urged, that they awTay and the impregnated . , placed in a darkened apartment for four or might reach out after better tilings. But we fifty-siconsider that but When it is six days, and provided with paper on which every new step was a Uial and a conflict, this when a talented then lady, years ago the .fpn T,rin,.riW ,h to deposit their eggs; each female produces bride with" of her five, in, twenty company about 500 eggs, 110 food should be, given. type. About this time Harriet Hosrner was who a to as called husband, Delegate Ants,-miceand other in? lizards, spiders, sought by the study of anatomy, to prepare the in World's held Convention fond of fat the tender'. sects are very herself for the medical profession, but was worms, in "was not London allowed to.sitwith 1840, be must Thunder and as out of her sohere and indelicate; guarded, against. , i "repelled listen husband and her to discussion the of to are the and lightning very injurious and not a medical college in all: New Engv in the with slave question, company is many it in and laud or the United States would admit her, .worms, necessary stormy weather to cover up the windows so they eminent women who had gathered from alb notwithstanding ; she was aided- by Her parts of the world to answer to the call, but father's great wealth and influence. Finally cannot see the lightning. To those who are beginners in the work on; theiFarri val were told that as a concesDr. McDowell in St, Louis admitted be sion would to allowed behind a sit: they we would say commence by raising a few, j tbe models" - for theTtatue :. of where curtain could neither see be nor they learn watch them closely, ami their habits; Charles Sumner were made, although that seen. ladies these talented will-noImagine will gain experience and by this you of Annie) Whiting, in the judgment of the the itwas become discouraged. rri .,ir:r of all the others, means "agitating the minds of of the Committertook precedence for Margaret A. Gaine. refused the statue the her contract they Chairman Committee. most notable among them, Eucretia .Mott when they knew that it was the work of a and Elizabeth Cady Stanton, who decided-thawoman. CivARA Barton telegraphs that the field is on their return to America they would In Massachusetts where properly quah- clear for the Red Cross relief work, without call a Woman's Rights Convention, they, law, Perso3 're Turkish obstruction or supervision. The at that time, had uot thought of claiming PcUc, that a woman the ballot as one of tlie rights belonging to I need is urgent beyond description. Thouol the sands are literally starving to death, having women. But this convention was not called was not a person, and a special act till eight years later in 1.848 and a fine been robbed of food, clothing and shelter. Co7itinued on Page tho-..prr- :- . - n . - i ! 1. mP - 1 ) ,;r ctt. f ; . j . , i n s -- . . ' . her-clankin- . " . ; - re-)rfch- ' -- j : it'-posi- to-da- y - -- ver-ren- 4i . " spr-ak- - ' co-labor- - '. . 1 s ! - -- j - ; x 11 vjy d"uulllJ ; tv j . -- , Anti-slaver- y - - her.-Whe- subject-lojsjngnjt- y to t f?f v ,,?. n 