i KXPUNKNT. WOMAN'S i:'.r a . '4iv.?tJ n o ne ctici c,:..:.r"sf v?. ward. ". The house was uivmeu inw apm-ment- s by emtains, while the walls are lately with a beautiful painted in cream' pink - i she-siw- 1 . 'TT3 of Spanish Fork. A 1 border of neat design. McGee-Hairi- . ' Miss Violet - Sorcnson played the" organ in A masterly the .children's way and in connection with music clear voices, produced as they sang the praises of our Ka'ther in . heaven. Relief Society Con-- ' At C o'clock the 1 Meeting was called to fereuee convened. .. sonl-stirrin- g . . 2 in tine to till .. rhpterhVld - - v nt' C - order and opened by the usual exercises of Fox sinking and prayer, Pres't. Kli.abeth presiding. BishopHarris of Trout Creek, Bishop Dennett of Mound Valley Ward, Pres't. Kli.a Hale of Mound Valley Relief Society, Counsel jr Jessie Harris of Thatcher Ward, rind Pres't. Ingrid Graham of .Mink Cret k, 'u the presidtie present on the stand with was called, ing ofiu:LV. After the roll read were the minutes of the last Conference and accepted, and a favorable report was Hvcn by each representative present. Counselor I). K. Dudley was happy to iVe the acquaintance of so many bright ' and intelligent faces, but felt a timidity in she realatteiuplin to instruct them; but ized it was the work ofthe Lord that we do our ' are engaged in. We came not to own will, but the Father's who sent us; and gave much instruction to the mothers, exhorted all to daughters and teachers, and " 'be up with the spirit of the times, nd to of God, in lact keep the commandments and its to "Seek first the kingdom of God and all things shall be added." "Counselor Hawks- spoke of the difference and between the peace enjoyed in our midst the horrors and vvickedness that was going :ui ,m in the see and Trformance of every duty, thattheir lamps were filled and burning, and ready at any time to go our to meet made of- them every call and requirement by the servants of God. President Fox felt well pleased to again meet with the Saints living in the vicinity -- r, ( iif hidl Mov n 111v.11 ivti. verv comfortably, having louud a gooa tot$. We then proceeded on through, the . a in . C. 1 f it 1 1 1 4 . ini" t 1 v Jl) IrV ' 1 .ljU1-4v'-vw.-- I 1 t .. . ' r 11 crttr1 0 from the Island of lntc an account of how she re- Tasmania ceived the Gospel and now sue nau oeen able to emigrate to Zion, and how much she appreciated being with the banns. At the close ot the meeting we were kindly escorted to the adjoining room r;.. longing, to- - the Relief Society, where a grand baiKiuet awaited all. Tables were set the whole length ol the room. aiul beautifully decorated with, flowers ol all kinds to7) numerous to mention, and loaded with everv variety of cake, ice cream, truests (mv ptp -Aftor the o m0niL.rc wpn'.aMw nnii thanks re turned to the lountiful Giver or all, we enioyed a regular time of feasting and V o'clock. TllC s'lStLTS all felt well "and we had a good meeting. Bishop Tollman not being at home, his counselors met with us. There ve .MVcre PtitprfiniPil for flip till' lit bv Brother. and Sistei Muir and Sister Call. Wo started for Dempsie Ward the morn f.thp nth., at i a. m. On account'of not leing aoiuaintcd- with the roads, - we traveled two hours and a half on the wrong An nf Hip Port Ncuf River, and did not ' have time 10 retrace our mci. ' aud.Superintendent s ? iiir .' , John Turner were present. ' many 'wqrcls 'of counsel and eiicourageuient; iM-- i -- : - " imc hundred were entertained at the tables iK'fore the feast was ended. Cie L'fand feature of it all is the Relief Society have dishes enough of their own' .towould To vv we enioved their hospitality set the tables for a large number, a cook all not half describe our feelings', as they "stove, pans, cutlery, tabic linen etc., aim w'p'rp. old time acduaintinces; and the only a large convenient cupboard to store them not could tiling ve regretted was that w;e all away securely between times of using in in take and part stay" with them longer, their own comfortable Relict hociety meetWe fish. cr the wo n'c t trl ti v O "vJ house They also own a full set of UllCUil' ing so where many silver ware, which they keep elsewhere for visited the Warm Springs, 10 re sake. Much praise is due to those go every year to bathe in its waters, security's ot us medical virtues. ceive the benefit who so willingly administered to lie wants We held a spirited meeting at two o'clock of all present. In the evening we attended in which all felt well, and much good in a meeting of the Woodman's Club held at A program was rendered struction was given by the company, as well the Pavilion. as bv the local sisters and brethren; a lull with verv irood music and recitations, and report of which would make this article too speeches and some business; at the close ot "nntiinpr. tpr Roice and Sister Rhoda Bingham, with a beautiful dinner in waiting for us, includ ing n Urve. nlatter of beautitui salmon trout. . - m - r- - nnd-brethr- -- . tt- - - pleased-t- o pre-va- il nediid xt appreciated. Pres't. Fox was pleased to be able to visit Pocatello, and find the Relief Society in such good circumstances, and feeling so well- - She laid before the meeting the given at the General Conference in April, and exhorted "them to continue in the good work etc. She was followed by who Mary Hawks and Delilah E, Dudley, gave excellent instruction. each in faithful Bishop Cannon testified to the labors of the sisters, and. said in the strength of the different organ zatious, lay the strength of" the Church. P. Nelson followed with iCounielor in-structi- ' . ? m.-ne- -- r r , 1 lengthy. We oroceeded:on as tar as wc. Cammou, at 4 o'clock, leaving our sisters with n Tirtv, Gd-ee-iV nndimr at the meeting house door. We reached' Mc. Cammon at 4 o'clock, and held, on pvpninir meeting at Brother .Norton s house, where we remained over night, and tliP tmin for Pocatello at 11 a. morning. At 2 p. m. our meeting was called to orEresent-oi- i der atPocatpJjvithullJiouse. the stand was Stake President Fox. counselors Mary Hawks and Delilah H. Dudley, President Regenia Pond, Counselors Mary Ann Spillman and Nettie Har-- . grave, Secretary C. Harrison and Silva Dawson; also Bishop Charles Cannon, counselor N. P. Nelson, Elders N! S. Pond, and Morgan Jaines. Meeting opened by the usual exercises, President Elizabeth The roll was called, Fox presiding. ' showing fifty four members enrolled. a The minutes were excellent and given in very able manner, showing botn tact and ability. Pres't. Pond gave a. pleasing ..report of to their labors, and welcomed the sisters Pocatello; said their visit was very much biL'p their new meeting house, and to feel, the seemed to quiet spirit of peace which in their midst. Said she attended the General Relief Society Conference in Salt Lake City in April, and testified to the manifested in spirit and power enjoyed and the meeting held by the sisters, and to the interest manifested, and the good counsel and instructions given there by the brethren, who were present. She spoke at great and items length on the counsel and adviceConference. of business given at the General Instructed the sisters to keep on- - and be encouraged in the good work, to persevere in the storing of grain, caring for the poor, " the sick and afflicted etc. He Bishop Harris spoke a short time. of the appreciated the labors and assistance Relief Society-ir- i his ward, and testified to Bishop Bennett also their faithfulness. in a brief gave good counsel and instruction for three Conference adjourned manner. months, and the meeting then closed" by singing and prayer. At five o'clock we proceeded on our and we journdy for ten or fifteen miles, were kindly entertained over, night by Brother and Sister Harris of Thatcher Ward. On the mprning of the 8th we started for at 7 o'clock" a. m. Noon found AVere "usat Bancroft vherejvve ' !. -- uiidr-AdvTscir-Tiiriu.-- th-- her-tur- . --- . . . 1 t the meeting dancing was introduced. 1 111s we did not stay to see as the evening was far Spent, but Wc returned tu lister Pond s and Sister rselson's tor the nigiit. Pocatello is a neat little town lull ot iite and 'business, and is the County 'seat of Bannock Co., There are many good build-- , infra, nrominent among which are four or five churches of different denominations, two large schoolhouses, very roomy and stores, niu-si- c stores, machine shops, grocery stores, besides dwelling houses etc. We left Pocatello the morning of the nth. at 7 o'clock, in company with Brother We traveled about twenty-fiv- e Nelson. miles in a comfortable, buggy, and we enjoyed seeing the natural scenery- of the mountains and river, and the huge- masses tumbled of lava rock piled up in walls-ointo piles by the thousand tons,, and extending for ten or fifteen miles in an unf broken chain along the bed of the River. At a glance the multitudes of rock which compose the masses,, 'appear to be the same shape, but on closer inspection One - would no two are exactly alike. think to look at them' that the very foundation of the earth had been ploughed up. We passed through a part of the Indian ommodious-lookiugT-bankj-aii- d r Foit-Neu- Rervatioriwhe while a family living in a log cabin witlr a stable and a corrall arid a small patch of grain partly "fenced, and many are living in We reached condition. a Garden Creek in time to hold our meeting, ' which was appointed at 11 o'clock. Pres't. Martha Henderson and her two counselors and also Bishop- - Capel were: present; Meeting opened with singing by the choir and the usual exercises, and the speakers President Elizabeth Fox, were as followssemi-civilize- d - 