r A... wnr T ' ' vA ....... - - - jm- . - .mm II '.,' ..i. :?n.J.tmX Hi il '."i . . ax I -- If J '. i t" v V . "71 The Rights of the Women- of 7a'ch and the Rights of the Wolnen of ah Nations, - Vol. 25. ' ""i" . ": ' . CONTENTS; 7 SALT LAKIi CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER i, 1896.' TURK AD? " Thread M. ' C. Woods. Leaves From My journal Kim. Sixtieth Wedding Anniversary Alice M. Tyler Tanner. Idaho Equal Suffrage Planks. Ellen Hartwell Can elia. In Memoriam. Relief Society Conference L. I). Aider. Wedding Anniversary Alice M. T. Tanner. Forest Dale Relief Society. Editorial: Among The, Pines.' Women In PoliHt. . Editorial Notes. . . OvkTAiNXY, one of the very commonest f necessities of hitman invention, as well .as one of the two oldest, since our mother live must have used some sort of thread to sew the strings on her fig leaf apron. Of all the different kinds of thread, none apical more strongly to our imagination and4 1 interest than the "Thread of Destiny." The ancient Romans amU Greeks imagined a grave maiden called Clotho, spun from Elizabeth AkersAlleii" her distaff the destiny of matr, and as she Poktry: My Ship A Year After Marriage Lulu. Unfinished spun, one. of her Meters,. Lachesis, worked out the events wh ch were in store, and Lydia I). Alder. Atrops, tile oilier siter, cut the thread at the point when death was to occur. Tlr re MY SHIP are many curious stories and .legends about thread ant on g them the one of " A St. Down to the. wharves, as the sun goes don, Thomas Thread." The tale is .that St. And the daylight's tumult and dust and din Thomas planted Christianity in Chiifa and Are dying away in the busy town, then returned to Malabar; here he saw a I go to see if my ship conies in. huge timber floating on the' sea near the I gqze far over the , quiet sea, coast, the King endeavoring with a force ' Rosy vvitli sunset' like meliovv wine, of men and elephants to haul it ashore, but Where ships like lilies lie tranquilly, St. Thomas desired it .would not stir. ut I and see not mine. Many leave to build a church with it, ard his reI question the sailors every night, . quest being granted he dragged it easily ashore with a piece of pack thread. Who over the bulwarks idly lean, in as come sails the 'You. remember, the story of the Greek Noting sight, they Have you seen my beautiful ship come in ?" - maiden Arachire, who was so vain of her. skill with the needle and thread that she ,( Whence does she come ?" they ask of me, " Who was her master ? and what her name ?' defied. Minerva to contest and so excited the ire of the goddess that she changed Iter into And they smile upon me pityingly a spider, that she and her. posterity might When my answer is ever and ever the sarru-thread toieverT Oh, mine was a vessel of strength and truth; The first thread of which, we have any Her sails were as white, as the young Limb's record, was that from which the first piece fleece, of .manufactured cloth was produced on the She sailed long since from the port of Youth; surface of this Terrestiol globe by an ingenHer master was Love, her name was Peace. ious artisan of " Nodville," and whose name las his Holiness Pope Alexander And like all beloved arid beauteous things, tells us) was Arkite Ghiden Glselen; it She faded in distance and doubt away; was lktn to what we call matting and was With only a tremble of snowy wings, produced of thread made of leaf stems and She floated swan-lik- e down the bay. fibers. The next obvious improvement in a with her precious freight, Carrying thread was the twisting of the peel of rush-- ' All I had gathered by years of pain es into fine strings, by which means supeA tempting. prize to the pirate Fate; rior textures were produced, but this was And still I watch for her back again. not till after the death of Methuselah. Threads from the first were used to weave Watch for the earliest morning light Till the pale stars grieve o'er the dying day, matting on a flexible, sort of cloth, wherewith our ancestors covered their nakedness To catch the gleam of white and consequently after the first discovery Among the islands that gem the bay. numerous experiments were made With the But she comes not yet; she will never come fibres of different plants, among them, To gladden my eyes and my spirit more; hemp and flax, to produce as fine filaments And heart and faint and ' . 1 , - . - . far-rb- - M . , : " her-canv- - - bark;- - ' as dumb my grows hopeless As I wait and wait on the lonesome shore, Knowing the tempest and time and storm Have wrecked and shattered my beauteous - - Rank seaweeds cover her wasting form, And her sails are,, tattered and stained and dark. But the tide comes up, and the tide goes down, And the daylight follows the night's eclipse; And still, with the sartors tanned and brown. I wait on the wharves and watch the ships. And still with a patience that is not hope, ; , For vain and empty it lorg hath been, I sit on the rough shore's rocky slope And watch to see if my ship comes in. Elizabeth Akeks Allen. as possible; aud. I can't help thinking that the first idea of spinning with the distaff was taken from the much abused little spider, and no doubt exists in my mind, as to Eve having taken lessons in. se wring from the deft little tailor bird. Gilroy says, " We are creditably informed, that the of our first parents obtained the' knowledge of spinning flax into thread, by ' - de-cenda- h . . s-pi-n fami-liarwit- : - - hem' theieof, of the High Priests robe. "The Grecian ladies were celebrated in very early times for their skill in embroidery and needlework,, necessitating certainly the use; of various threads. On the. Tombs and Sarcophagi of the Egyptians are depicted on the outer tunics and robes of State, edgand divers ings of crotchet in gold, colors of thread. The Romans were gold thread work, and even, as the discovery of gold needles in the Scandinavian Tumuli can testify, the love of crna mentation by thread work was known to exit-- among less civilized nations'. 'of antiquity. . The custom of knightly fimilies to send out their daughters to the castles of their Suzerian Lords, to lc taught the art of spinning and embroidery was common in Europe and continued until the middle of the 8th Century. In the Public' Record Office, Eng., there is a charge of .S shillings for the silk thread bought for embroidery work for .Margaret, daughter of Edward. 1st, .and another entry, far 4 oz. of gold thread. The manufacture of thread- is a branch of trade so intimately connected with that of all ordinary textile fabrics, that you must pardon me if I lose at any time the thread of my discourse, and encroach- on topics . nearly allied to hiy own. is the thread cotton The manufacture of outstanding feature of the industries of Paisley, and is carried forward on a great From Paisley alone, scale at Glasgow. LkeieJi piobably sent out a greater weight and length of sewing thread, than trourati-t- he other factories of Great Britain combined The manufacture of cotton thread thro the universal introduction of sewing machines, which generally earn double threads, has greatly increased within the last 30 or 40 years. .The process of thread making is chiefly carried on by Twisters, who secure the spun cotton fromthe factories; and it is considered in our time an altogether separate business from that of The manufacture of sewing spinning. cotton is, therefore, generally understood as confined to the twisting or doubling of yarn previously obtained from the spinner. When the yarn is received it is tested by being reeled from the cops (or spindles) and having a certain length of hank weighed; this is called sizing. The next process is winding it on bobbins 2 or 3 ply, as required; these bobbinsare taken to. the twisting frame and twisted first 2 pl then this is doubled or trebled for 4 or 6 cord, as required. Each yarn has it own twist, that is, the number of twists it gets per inch. When finished the thread is taken from the twisting frames, and according to the: size so much is wound upon a large bobbin, from 'which it is reeled into hanks for? bleaching After bleaching, it is ivenN x and dying. out in bundles to the hank winders, who wind it on large bobbins, and in turn is handed to the spooler who : fills the spool with a certain length of thread, 100 200 300 yds. and upwards, the tHread passing through a gas flame", on its way from machine to, spool, to remove the hanging . " V So. 7. nts supernatural agency." Thread of gold, silver, silk, flax, wood and cotton were known to the ancients, as far back as we have any authentic history. a In. the Bible we have constant allusions to embroidery and raiment of fine needle work and the embroidery of Pomegrantes. of purple and blue and scarlet, around the ; 