78 I beheld tin " ' 'nommntkliwl in'tliA tJrtT"V7Wi'jn(vrt.i- - !t W:viMiin nnr tiifntK find U'bllld4iillUV mmiv nnil rfiniired that she- had ana rainaieu jutcjni rjnu ed the utmost iiiierestciu ihe.udusfrlesl esjecquomy .we would be blest and would not rropuet .cxitiM go into the,! acd midf-wfi;wishe.d3he -? she had seen tinges, when; Smith, Ttablished in our '',ntrawi hfAkXroniDlain. felt-twait in patience on ' Sister Kimball sneak of a buildine. intended J she had eot' on her knees to ask the Lord Temple r but she for something to eat. we did "not know her Heavenly Father. Prayed tdbei faith-fu- l to do ajl in her power to promote the( t. ' unto the end and alluded to much about hard times now. Sister Zina Sister Jane S. Richards, President R. S. then spokea few words very impressively embraced the Gospel, .and htfw.she rejoiced Weber Stake had been much edified. 'in in tongues; the interpretation was given by evett until today in the same. Sister Jtilia Samson spoke of the privileges hearing the reports, was pleased to hear Sister Elizabeth Marriott of Weber. Staker Sister Jane Holt, Counselor in the R. S. of the Saints both in Sunday school and Sister Pitch forth's remarks about the, meetthe meetings. Felt thankful for all the blessing houses and tenements,' felt if we could of Davis Stake made a- brief report'-iat her Heavenly onlyget some donation from each Stake of absence of the President, Sister Susan Grant ing she liad received Father's hands, and bore her testimony to Zion we could build a place of our own; who was absent in the North, having been thought we should not feel poor, we have called to her daughter Sister Vilate Muir the truth of the'Gospel. Sister Jones bore her testimony to the not had cyclones, and the high winds we who was sick, and had since been called Wondered where the - had were only a taste of what the world is away behind the vail, it was a very sad truth of the Gospel. sisters were who used t( come to these" having we have plenty of opportunities to death, she had left aYniimler "of little childdo good, we need to ask our Father in ren. Sister Holt spoke highly of Sister meetings. "Surely they have not stepped heaven what our duty is from time to time; Grant's faithful labors and of the union aside! I pray for all our sisters in the " ' the Lord blesses us in this work, and Jiow among the sisters in their labors of love.i name of Tesus." t Sister Waterfall spoke of the pleasure it much better can we doj is for each of us to also made special mention of. the saving of answer we don't know any of us how of wheat. Congregation sang " The Spirit gave her to be able to come to meeting soon we may need help ourselves, thought of God ; the Conference was adjourned Un she" was ill.v One whom she saw said "We we should be very charitable tuul tender to til April, 1897, closing prayer by Sister E. ' ; ' are watching you:' ' also bore her testimony the sick ami the sorrowing. The Bishops B. Wells. .7 to the truth of the Gospel. sent for her and her Counselors when they E. B. Wicu.s, Sec, Sister Mary Silver encouraged the sisters needed' their assistance, and she always to be faithful and true. tried to resjond md do all she could LADIES' MEETING. whether in organizing,, or in administering Sister Sarah Goss spoke of the healing of hex little daughter by the faith of herself to the sick, jor caring" lor the dead. She of Ladies' Meeting held in the Min'utks felt she would lilt- t and of others, and also of the healing of ft. a little Temple 14th ward Assembly hall Get. 1806; it work done, but her little son and Sister Jones' mother. living- also must be President M. I, Home presiding. Opened cared for, did ...t 'Hi w Said she had many blessings by being here bether she' had come ye Saints;" "'Come', by singing done the lxt she i u!i fuit was trying to, Counselor K. Webb ; .continued and thanked her Heavenly Father that by prayer heard and received the Gospel. thought we often. had impressions for our by singing " 0, ye mountains ' high," good. President M. I. Home made closing rePresident M. I. Home thanked the sisters Sister B, W. Smith felt happy and had for their faith and felt they had marks ; thought she would like us to con- prayers, enjoyed the day, we should not be ashamed weight with her Heavenly Father in restor- - imue me buujeci 01 ranu next meenng. of this work but take delight in it, she for two weeks. Meeting adjourned lng.her to health, gave good counsel to the liked to see her sisters old and young, love sisters " 'Mid scenes of conto rise and bear their testimonies, for Closed by singing was necessary to all, and for the dead, we all would be strengthened thereby. Spoke fusion." Benediction by L. D. Alder. . . love them niore as we labor for them ; the at some Lydia D. Aldkk, Sec. pro tern. length on the discern meut of can we affections the of our friends spirits and urged the sisters to be watchful way gain and our children Is by an increase of love ; and y Minutes of Ladies' prayerful. " Find fault with ncne but amoTnrthe poor giving we 111 i no have selviv; the. 14th w.ird A right to eetitig held blessings, brings a blessing to us, they have another. Attach our faith to no person or Hall, Saturday, November 14th 1806. Pres. "the greatest promises and we should rewe might be overcome ; trust to the Lord M. I. Home presiding. Singing 44 For the member them and in that we get the same and all will be well with us.". strength of "the hills ;" prayer by ,Coun. blessing ; she loved to associate with good Sister Margaret Brown made a few happy selor Elizabeth Webb ; singing " Welcome and faithful people, and had enjoyed great and encouraging remarks concerning the best of all good meetings. " The minutes of advantages in that respect ; was very well Gospel and the lives of the Saints. the previous meeting were read and approvacquainted with the Prophet Joseph and his Counselor E. Webb referred to Sister ed. President Home felt truly thankful father and mother and brothers and sisters, Kimball speaking on the subject of Faith, to meet her sisters today, and wished the she saw Brother Joseph the first day the and at some length in that respect sisters to continue speaking on the subject ' ordinance was performed for the dead, saw and spoke also of and the work for the 6f Faith for it was Faith that prompted us him go down into the water the first time. dead, and prayer urged the sisters to attend to this to do everything that is, good ; faith that She had ministered pinch in Temples and .' part of our religion. brought us the desires of our hearts. "The thought that was why she felt so much Sister Frances Smith spoke of the work humble and the faithful onts are the ones interest in the work for the dead ; she in the Temple aad how she enjoyed .herself that will reap the blessings. We have no realized also the blessings of patriarchs, and prayed for Sister Home and all time to criticise the actions of the authorshe had been much impressed by the bless, therein, faithful Sisters. ities." If they, did wrong or were led ing of Patriarch Father Smith, and advised Sister Elizabeth "Paul spoke of Temple astray the Lord would remove them ; urged the young people to get their patriarchal work and wished she was better so that' she the sisters to be guarded in their speeches blessings. Sister Smith also made some could work still more in that holy house ; and prayed God to bless us. remarks about the Kindergarten the teachalso spoke at some length 011 the Counselor E. J. Stevenson spoke of lit subject of ing given the little ones, especially upon ill of each other. speaking in having- the privilege of meeting liouestyf truth and virtue. Sister Louisa Stevenson spoke also on with the sisters and said it was twelve Sister Zina referred to her visit to Poca-tell- o Temple work forthe also alluded to weeks' since she had enjoyed this treat ; rs . dead, and commended the labors of the being healed the administration of her ferred to her husband's illness and said thfit .President there, Sister Regina Pond, and young son. by ; , through faith and the administration cf the , the labors of '.the sisters they were so Sister Julia C. Howe said- as ' regards Elders he had recovered. Felt to rejoice united ; they have a fine hall owned by By their works ye should know this. Spoke very Saints,' earnestly on faith and them " Urged the sisters to cultivate juivta niiu tvujr prayed we might have a time of rejoicing ing and taking care of articles used in their Faith of the revelation in the here together. work, also furnishing and stoveand dishes Doctrine and Covenants on this subject Sister for picnics or entertainments all in order; Felt that she could prophesy- - that Sister marks onWaterfall made some excellent reshe was there on the first of August, and it Horne would live for Faith, and told -- how the Lord many, many yearsyet. had opened . up her was the 6oth anniversary of her baptism in Made other way before her in a very encouraging remarks. remarkable the State of New York. Sister Zina manner. Prayed the Lord to Sister Davis spoke of the faith of her spoke bless us of all. the silk earnestly industry and of the brother who is on a mission, and how " Sister Lydia D. Alder though not feeling said You Exponent, may: call them my he had been received where he was. 7 " well hobbies if you will,", said too if we would Sister Jane James felt to bear her "testi- - well, felt;.to bear her testimony ; urged the sisters to cultivate the Spirit of God hrirl ' W T jm-mrw nmn, o . move-meri- 13 the-timeh- ; - e , - n ; . - . - " SEMI-MOMTHL- Y - - . she-ha- d , " Semi-Mouthl- and-TCcervtntr-t- hci s v . - lor-iliee- i- and-spok- : " 