WOMAN'S IN MEMORIAM. . . v!this Culm ek died April iSth, 1896 in ci'iv. Mother Culmer, as she was affectionately called, was born at Luddenham, Kent.i England, June iSth, 1S24, and has been a member of the Church for forty-thre- e years. In the early days of the Kentish .conference, her hospitalities to the missionaries were such as to be held in grateful remembrance by many to this day. In 1S6S, she came to the valley with her husband and these of her children who had not been sent on before, and ever since has been .inactive and much respected member of the twentieth ward, where she endeared herself to all by her ready sympathy and aid to the sick and afflicted; Deceased was the mother of twelve children fifty f!NS'ETT grand-childre- and n twenty-fiv- e great-grandchildre- n. " From noon Until half-pas-t 1 o'clock the remains were on view at her late home, where many came to pay their last respects, after- which the body was borne to the meeting house byhergrand-sons- , followed my many of her descendants and loving friends, including the members of. the twentieth ward Relief Society, who gathered in a body out of respect to one who had been among their most active .At th? funeral services, remarks were made by Bishop George Romney and John Nicholsen, w ho dwelt on- the virtues and loving labors of Sister Culmer, both for the living and the dead. Hymns. that had been selected by her before her death were sung. R. S. Twentieth Ward, S. L. City. - co-worke- rs. - OBITUARIES. Sister Jane Hall, EXPONENT. !5& her but she passed away like one falling asleio without a struiruief she had desired noMn'VW helpless. She leayes one. d,iuhter, and'-onson,, also ten grand children. Three children having preceded her to tile other side. Also her husband having passed away some thirteen, years ago. She was born in Vicnn.i, Trumble County, Ohio, January 26th, 1S2.S, joined the Church at an early age .. while in Ohio, removed with" her parents to Nauvoo, experienced all the persecutions which the Saints were subjected to, received her blessings and anointings in the' Nauvoo Te'mple. Mrs. Williams was the one that fiist J discovered the Temple to be on fire in time to nave it extinguished; has always been a useful and zealous worke,r in the Relief Society also a dear lover of the Ex tone NT, and was an occasional contributor to its columns. She" went from Nauvoo !o Missouri with her parents where she became acquainted with and married George Williams, remaining there until the year 1S67.. Removed to Silt Lake City, then to Payson, Utah County, afterwards to Salem, Utah County, at the first organization of the Relief Society, she was chosen as Secretary, which position she filled until the year 1S77. Her husband was called to:. help settle Arizona. She was chosen President of the first Relief Society - at Brigham City Arizona; which position she retained until the year 1879, when she removed to Concho, Arizona, where at the organization of the first Relief Society, then she was again chosen President; which position she faithfully filled until failing health caused her to resign. She has comforted, many a troubled heart, both by her presence and her pen. She did not cling to life as she had (t very lonely since the death of her husband and we feel assured that a just reward awaits her for the labors she has done in the flesh. e " died at Eager, Union Ward, Apache Co., Arizona, April 5th, 1896, of old age. She was born m North Carolina the 2nd of March 1810. She joined the Church at an early day and was with the Saints at Nauvoo and was well acquainted with the Prophet Joseph MRS. C 1 1 AVU AN-- ATT. Smith and his family. She was one of the members of the first Relief Society, she came to Utah Mks. Cakkie Ciiapman-Catt,- ; Carrie in 1852 and settled at Ogden. She was the the Chairman of mother of ten children five of whom are now Lane, Organization Comliving to mourn her loss; she spent the greater mittee of the National-America- n Woman part of her long and useful life among the sick Suffrage Association, was born in Ripon, comforting and blessing them especially those of her own sex, and was ever ready and willing to Wisconsin, and lived in that state until . G eorge V . Ca 1 1 , p res id e nt v i" . . 111 e N e w Vo r k; He is as ardent a Dredging as his wife,'and'aids her in her work, in ' Ex. every way issible. Co.- -- - sui-iragisf -- NOTES AND NEWS, Tiliv Republican State Convention of 6, adopted the following resolution by an . almost unanimous vote: . Revived, That this Convention favors the proposed amendment to the Constitution of the State of California, rwherebv it is sought to extend the elective franchise to all citizens of the United States, both' men and women.' Don't let us say that we would'nt trust our daughters ami our sonSiiny where. Let us, keep our faith whole and -- unbounded in them, but do let lis re"Vise"our" iiieas a little .as to what is right and .proper in our socuil customs. If our social customs were not so lax, if young girls were not left alone with young men so often and for so long a time, there would.be. fewer daughters ofrcsiectablei homes go astray, 'Mothers cannot, longer close their eyes to this question; .the souls of their daughters are in their hands, and they owe it to themselves, to their daughters and to society, to throw, every possible protec- tion around them. Womankind. Tin: New York Woman's Press Club one of the many clubs which have responded to Mrs. Henrotin's letter, sent out in January to the "Federated Clubs," urging them to hold "peace meetings." This club held its jeace meeting, sang patriotic songs and then passed the following resolutions with great unanimity: , Resolved That the Women's Press Club seven years old. Then her parents removed New York lias- - two fights on hand one of ful wife, a kind and loving mother, and a true to CnlirlesTi friend, a faithful and conscientious Latter-dalife. She was educated with Turkey, for the rescue of the Armeof most her during with Spain, for the indeSaint, and died as she had lived strong in the nians; faith. She. had a happy, cheerful disposition and at the Iowa State Agricultural College, after which she took a special course in lawt pendence of heroic little Cuba. When these made many friends. it will joyfully We do recognize in her death the severe loss For three years she served as principal of are satisfactorily settled welcome a peace jubilee. In the. mean of a faithful and true friend to the sick and needy the high school and general superintendent in of We trouble. also hour the a time it heartily responds to the demand for and comforter Mason of of schools the at end Iowa, City, faithful labors devotion and to recocnize in her an international court of arbitration, and the cause of Zion an example worthy of the 'of which period-- in 1884, she was iriarried looks upon "talk" of war, on the part of emulation of each member of bur society. to Leo C h a p m a n , ed tor- - o L theJdasonCilyl iiatioirsor i ndividnals, in legaid to quesSarah B. Crosby. Republican. They were joint owners and tions capable of peaceful solutions, as a blot editors. At the end of the year they sold RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. nineteenth century civilization. this property, and Mr. Chapman went 'to "upon our Resolved, That the thanks of all clubs of Resolutions of respect adopted by the. Of- the Pacific Coast to find a more active field women are due to Mrs, Ilenrotin, the presificers and members of the Relief Society of South of labor.' While there lie sickened with dent of the General Federation of Women's Bountiful to the memory of PhebeN. Hatch who in San and Francisco. died. fever, typhoid died Feb. 9th,, 1S96; she was born Nov. 6th, 1850 for affording the opportunity of an Mrs. Chapman remained in that city for a- Clubs, in the fifteenth Ward Salt Lake City. V expression of opinion from 50,000 women Whereas, Sister Hatch one of our beloved year doing general newspaper work, and in regard to the preservation ot tne maniteachers has left this stage of action; was the , first woman reporter nihat city. fold blessiuys of peace, in which women Resolved that werecognize in the death of familiar became life she her there, During faithful a of and energetic Sister Hatch, the loss and the homes they specially represent, are and of the much with in a hardships privations comforter the to friend the a needy, teacher, sp vitally interested. hour of trouble, a devoted mother, and a faithful of working women in great cities, and for Latter-daSaint. Miss Anthony, president of the National the first time realized the fearful' temptaResolved that we esteem her labors and devotions which' beset the poor girl thrown up- American Woman Suffrage Association; tion to the interest of Zion as worthy the ernula-iloon her own resources. Many sad cases of Mrs.-- Ellen' Sargent and Mrs. Austin nf nur societv. n( Pi'Prv ' ' J mpmhpr Resolved that we condole and sympathize with "despair which finally led -- to, ruined characSperry, president and treasurer of the.Cali- the bereaved children and friends in the loss of a ter, came under her direct notice. With the fornia W. S. A.; Mrs. Knox Goodrich, of loving mother and sincere friend. San Jose, Rev. Anna H. Shaw, Miss Mary finale of one particularly distressing circumResolved that these resolutions be recorded in that the G. Hay and. Mrs. Ida A. Jlarper attended our records, a copy sent to the bereaved family, stance of this nature, she resolved i and also one be sent to the Woman's Exponent remainder of her lifer with --whatever ability-Go- d the Californ a Republican S ta te Convention for publication. endowed her, should be expended in with a view to securing a woman suffrage ' A. San Francisco Call says: Sarah Howard, ) making the working women of, the United plank. The Committee. MarY A. Page. States respectable and respected, and her "Scarcely did they put up their placard in Mary E. Tomlinson, J in the lobby of the Golden ICagle, stating thajt fright to labor unquestioned. With thislectheir headquarters were in parlors G, D and she went upon the platlorm as a tent Co. 8, Arizona, April Died at Concho, Apache to gain Iv 011 the third floor, before they began to be 1896, at am., Matilda P Williams. She had turer upon general topics, thinking been troubled with heart disease for several a foothold in this way. It was not long be- - visited by the gentlemen delegates. They years which terminated in dropsy of the heart. lore tue sun rkge cause claimed her attention. went in two's and three's, in large groups, entire d t legations wen t to She had lived an exemplary and useful life, was For the pas s:x years: she has devoted her ands6metimes loved and respected by all who knew her. all that to these more modest workers tiearts and hands could do, was done far service to this cause. In i8oi, she married pay homage C y the-othe- r - . , 1 . - 1 y n - - W . , 1-- 30 " . loving ' 