WO M A N'S r ....... : 1 V A . : A;uJiii.Hj;jjj..t)os; again:-- . -- . .1 Sf)M ANTH A T. HRIM H ALt,.- - ...... . . v sheds its rays afar,;' In silent reverence nature breathes the calm, Soft morning air; Clouds resting on the Eastern hills are lit ly early dawn, The bright sun through their curtain steals, again his light is borrt . To smile, upon the vale beneath, clothed by verdure's hand As it glitters thereto forma wreath to crown a wasted land. . Once more the harvest lap is filled with sheaves of ripened grain And delicious fruits to redness turned by the summer sun and rain: Once more the busy echo flies from the soundo workmens' tools And handsome modern structures rise for pleasant homes and schools. .. I leave the vale whiie all is stilt for silence reigns around And wander to a neighboring hill, where food for , '. thoughts abound For solitude has pleasant ciurms. to .lead the mind to good, , While I am cheered by inture's forms .that ages 1 , " : . . ' . ' . I U. W. have withstood. I it Serrated outlines rise and fall o'er columns stately grand As an uneven lofty wall looking o'er a j the land; The mountains rising in the North to head the . . level plain Roll ofT in grandeur in the South to meet the surging main; Rich valleys gleaming down among the rolling ':4 A 1. Colonia, Juarez, Mexico. . 8 J ' Now smile with fields of waving corn and gardens rich and rare. . - 1 of an ancient race who lived upon " this land Are seen upon the mountains face, a sight pro- -' foundly grand; Their ruins here are strewn around, we see them everywhere, Upon the barren wasted ground which once was J tilled with ram: T . he foot-print- s . tains' height v I see the works their hands have done, for there a v wondrous-sight- ! . ever seek.' And yet.it stands a . . w itness bold, its walls of solid ' The mortal hands that made its hold forever now ' are gone. This land has here a desert lain . foV many a dreary year The ruined 'Montezumas' seen, for ages have ; . . been here; No puny race, could evef build those strong old walls so grand, That now this mystery deep enfold '"twas once a favored land." . , While wrapt in muse and wonder here and thinking of the dead; ear,-- you-- tn the There seems a low voice in-footsteps tread" Of ancient Lehi's fallen race, once a chosen band Whose record, Mormon here did trace' with a prophetic hand;.. How changed the scene, I turn again and gaze' on my - .- x ' 'f t r future and tliroueli the wmier: "or their '..condition threatened starvation will be" as great or greater than now.. To this end our two exteditions have 'been for several weeks purchasing in the cities, the farming implements in general use by the people-amcarrying' the.ni to of-hinin- d the villages and iarni lauds of the country. wh.kre all implements have leen either " destroyed or taken. It is understood that the government has expressed a desire, to take part in providing seed for. planting. Indian corn is one article distributed for food by our people and it can be .planted if .no other seed is provided. ,The two expeditions are en route for Harpbot by different way s.,. providing for the farmers as the go. Money for this purpose is being freely sent from here. The other object and pt rhaps. the one appealing more directly to the sympathies of the people is the handling of the medical relief of the two fever stricken cities of Zeltouu and Marish, where eight to; ten thousaud people are suffering the agonies of four distinct epidemics raging among them at once typhoid and typhus fevers, The first three dysentery and small-pox- . would ur.turally follow as the conditions of starvation and hardships and the putrid atmosphere of the neglected field of siege and battle with festering wounds and long unburied dead. The small-pomust have been brought from some infected district. For the treatment of these thousands there are no physicians left, if they escaped one fate they fell by - another. .A few holy missionary men and women, with names to henceforth form a part of the history of this miserable field, and one worn doctor, dividing himself between three cities seven miles apart, like poor Cassabianca, stood at their . Press Club held its April meeting at the residence of Mrs. Syntitha Dickinson. The meeting being' called to order by the president. Prayer was offered by Mrs. E. W. Hyde. Roll call was answered by original sentiments. Minutes read and with corrections were approved. Miss S. L. Monroe read a most instructive paper on Ceramics. Giving the origin history and present status of pottery. She said "All other arts fade with time, but the flowers on a Dresden vase will last for ages, children grow up among beautiful china with an innate love of beauty and refinement; the table ceases to be merely a feeding place when set with beautiful posts. china." c look' for the Uu thts state ot was folio wed recitation of the medical relief of things these cities. "Drunkards. Dream,' by Atiss Edith be must found who are Physicians willing Rossiter. Mrs. Ruth M. Fox then read an to risk the double danger of contagious "Myrtle And disease and a country by no means in a original poem entitled Violets.1' settled condition. Dr. Klliot was then introduced to the Through Mr. George Post of Bey rout a club as the guest of the evening and enterfew were dran from the medical college in tained the club with interesting facts; in the tJiajtyplacd-under-chargeof-DfTI- fa iife"ndiabors"of"Miss Baftpii. Gave the7 Harris and sent on by sea and land with origin of the Red Cross and a sketch of medical supplies to begin a hospital in Sliss Barton's work; she possesses great Marash. executive ability; does everything in a More physicians are on the way and systematic and economical manner. others .are being. pi ocured to report to Dr. Mrs. M. E. Shipp then sang "Sweet Harris, who has taken a part of his men to Spirit hear my prayer." A letter to the Zeltoun, forty miles distant where 3,000 club from Mrs. Brown, at Washington are reported ill. The result of his investi- was read by the Secretary and the gations can only reach is later. In all exercises closed with prayer by Lizzie Asia Minor there is no other organized body S. Wilcox. of medical relief. We have obligated ourfollowed Then dainty refreshments selves for its entire expenses, medical supserved by the charming hostess and a bevy plies, transportation, hospital arrangements, Social interchange of salaries and traveling of lovely girls. expenses of physicians thought and pleasant converse followed and and all necessary cost of communication all went home. feejingjenefited jsqciallyiancL between points. intellectually. Our first order for physicians was for six Elus R. Shipp, Sec. in number with two druggists and supplies. The number of physicians should at least v be doubled-an- d ever effortis" being made ' MISS'BARTON'S RELIEF WQRK. to that end. The reported number of deaths has been Constantinople, April 25. Special for some time from 75 to 100 daily Ko correspondeDce of the Associated Press. one so well as ourselves can recognize the Miss Clara Barton has drawn up the fol responsibility. But the. conditions are here lowing- statement regarding the progress of and we are here alone to meet them; We her relief work in Asia Elinor. It should can only tell them to the world outside arid be understood that one object of our exstand firm in our work from day to day field at in is this the the time, peditions trusting by the mercy of heaven to attain x to of cultivate land their the some "measure of success. people helping and get crops off that they may subsist in Clara Barton. (Signed) - -- vale below;- Once more the; barren waste is green and pure Y bright streamlets flow. While leafy trees of fruit and shade hide dwell. s ings from the view And cast their shadows o'er the glade, where " 'flowers bloom anew, Or interspersed by loftier spires gleaming so ' proud above . . " - . , . x ' e ill-fate- . A fortress stands, of olden time, upon the highest peak; It seems to be above the line that man would stone, P.C, Bv special invitation the Utah Woman's by-th- look toward the rising sun and on the moun- I - . there, foot-hil- ls i mW'fWee" Once more the feathered tribe is seen amongthe beds of flowers, Once more their chambers high are green, their nests hang in the bowers ine ancient trees whose" trunks have lain per haps since other ages, Are sought by honey bees again and filled with choicest "dulces.'' ' : Bright is' the morn; and daylight gleams and f '7 horm arches there with.. twining vines,ihat breeres'move. . i,-i-s- ,,: K X PQ N H NT . the-vario- . : . v ':; , - us ; d . 