11 , VT- - . The Rights the I 'Somen and the Rights of the Women of ah Nations, t SALT LAKn CITY, UTAH. DECEMBER 15, 1896. of Zwn, Vol. 25- - CONTENTS: . . Utaji Woman's Press Club E. R. Shirp, Sec National Council .Of Women Of The United States. Leaves From My JournalKim. Relief Society General Conference K. 15. Wells, Sec. y Ladies' Meeting Zina Hyde," Sec. Store I). WelIn Memoriam. Woman's Co-o! Ceramics S. L. M. come Idaho .J Semi-Monthl- p Editor al Editorial Notes. A Kensington Tea. 1 TriDute. A . 1 R.' : - Shipp. - . We elect officers once a year. No officer Is perim 1 eci accord nTg t iTTmFCons tT t u tioii to hold an office more than two, years .; so a greater number has the" opportunity : for the experience. It has .been our good pleasure to entertain a number of notable ersonages, and we have likewise .been the 1 . recipient of most pleasant entertainment by the Ladies Literary Club, and several of our own members. We encourage sociability, feeling that it fosters love and unity which in turn is the" true secret of strength. We as an organization have great respect for the general press,- we consider it the friend of practice and reason, the best exponent of virtue, and a potent subduer of vice. Think of the condition of the world before .printing was invented. One writer has' said " From that hour the brain and liot- the arm, the thinker and not the soldier, books and not' kings were to rule'" the world weapons and brighter forged in the mind f briti Ilia sunbeam were to supplant tin sword and the battle ax." "KSecretary. Cold,vold and gray. , As a flower from the soil looks up To greet the gladsome light, That fills with fragrance its gay cup. And makes its petals bright ; So may oiir hearts look up to Thee, Oh God, our Sun, our Spring And every grateful faculty To Thee its glad song sing , ' Far from friendly land, We in silence stand, On, on the pier - With its feeble hold, Sunk 'neath waters cold, As in a bier. "' : . For tables bountifully spread, For noms and hearts that. lave, For every good that crowns our head, For hopes that live above. For all the streams of good that flow Down from Thy distant rills, We thank Thee God, they come we know, From Thine eternal hills. ; keen-edge- From each howe'er sought, 7 On, on the pier. ' Hyacinth. R.-B-Hii- - - Teach us to hear the songs of life ; see its beauty ; Oh strengthen us in every strife, Gird us for every duty. '. And since whate'er we have was given, ' And still by right is Thine, Teach us that earth is likest heaven Through charity divine. ' : L. M: Hewlings." . ' Teach us to 4 S. L. C. MOONLIGHT ON THE PIERr T was an autumn night. Full of mellow light, Long, long ago "the When whisp'ring breeze, From the distantieas, Blew soft and low-- Till iti soothing breath, Stole with unseen stealth, That with mystic art, r Calmed my troubled heart, Long, long ago. - . . 'p, - UTAH WOMAN'S PRESS CLUB RE .We thank Thee none the less For those we've had although their, powers Our lives no longer bless. ' For like a meteor in the sky, ... Though they have gone from sight, Their passing trail still greets the eye, And makes our nightsky bright. ' d -- COUNCIL OK WOMEN OK THE UNITED STATES NATIONAL . We thank Thee for the friends still ours, -- - Round us moonbeams fall, Like a silver pall, .Veiling unknown thought ! . Law". Now they wanton rest, On the wavelets crest, Till their mingled-toneSends an echoed moan. Far, far away.' For the Exponent. THANKSGIVING. 1 1 . Gleams the muunbeamV light, O'er the mountains' hight, F.ir, far n way-S- oon its shining ray, Mttts the waters'" spray, . No. . . H ewhngs. Thanksgiving L. M. Moonlight On. The Pier Hyacinth That Little Brook E. B. W. Thanksgiving thoughts Eliis Poetry , ; ender ----- lecturer and public speaker ;. Isabel Cameron Brown, wife of U. S. Senator Arthur Brown ; Mrs. Martha JJ. Jennings, Presb dent of the Utah Federation of Woman's Clubs, and many others. :. Our subjects for discussion .have; been, historical, scientific, poetical and political ; rye have debated the double money standard, single tax question and Parliamentary Where the wpodea pier, Stands with unfelt fear, All, all alone ... While the turbid waves, Round it fondly laves, With quiet tune. And the ripples round, Dunce with merry bound, Making music rare, Fill the- balmy air, v- All, n alone. ! --- 4 : ' rt4 -- 1 K V, O F T 1 1 1; Y K A R E N D I N G O C T : 3 1 , 1 8 9 6 .' The past year has beu one of unflagging interest and most gratifying progress. We have held our -- meetings on the last day of every month, with occasional bimonthly, meetings for the transaction of We do not limit our memberbusiness. ship and our members have increased steadily, and we find by consulting our roll many brilliant women added to our ' number. Our object is to encourage young writers, .our president being an adept in bringing out latent talent ; and we find that every effort brings its own- - reward. Our work has been nearly all original. Biographical sketches, original sentiments "and poems, and impromptu speeches., We have been addressed by many renowned speakers both of national reputation and local fame : among the former are "the "Misses Chase of Boston! Dr."Sarah J7 Elliott, a friend and champion of Clara Bar--- j ton : Laura M. JohnsLthe W:. S A. organ- izer and speaker ; and the beautiful and talen ted Eliza be tlr Upham Yates ; and to others tftougn pernaps not so world lamous but to us none the less dear, have we listened, Pres; Ziua D. H. Young, our Pres. E. THE COMING MiiETINO IX BOSTON.- d B. Wells, Emma J. McVicker, one of the Board of Regents of the University of Utah ; MrsEmilyS- - RichardSr member of the Board of the Agricultural College .of Logan ; Dr. E. B. Fergusen, a noted - The Annual Executive Meeting of the , well-directe- - National Council of Women will be held this year in Boston t! n. 2, 3. and 4 of Dec, C. A in the hall of the Y The meetings f Cue National CounciL as such, occur, triennially in Washington. The last in 1895, covered a period of two weeks, including three sessions a day. At these triennials. each national society com-- posing the' Council ' finds opportunity to present its work before representatives of all the other societies, thus coming in touch with much than it could otherwise reach. The wide range of topics and the; ability with which they are pre-- " sented give a significance and value to these conferences which should be very helpful in .' practical lines of work. The E x ecutive Board is com posed of the President and one representative from each organization in the Council.. The annual, meeting of such a Board means more than simply the transaction of its .own business. This coming session in Boston, whilevprir marily the annual meeting of the Board , will include three public gatherings of great interest. At these meetings prominent women from all over the country will. be present, and the occasion vvill be av notable one. ' Of the three meetings of the Council this larger-Audience- s . ! j . 