V TT T7 The.hh Vou. 25. ' . of the Women of Zwn SALT : V CONTENTS: . LAKE and the Rights of the Women of ah Nations. CITY,' UTAH JULY, - i$. No. 2. That ought to sparkle on "thy brow adorned with. many a gem? . I know thou hast believed in Me, and life through Me is thine, .. Hut where are all those radiant itars that in thy crown should shine? Yonder thou seest a glorious throng, and stars on the vSultan atid .sought M coii))Cl him to bringing about a better state of ailairs; tbey have been met Avilh the dogged accusations and stubborn resistance of the Turks, and received until lately very little support from, the other powers. Another reason for the great trouble exevery brow! in that great factor of isting is '.o For every soul they led to Me they wear a jrn'j diNinsioii in the world's history; religious K. Crane Watson.- Surprise no:e A Friend. I he Sultan himself claiming to lanatieism. Party Editorial: Sixty ' Years Married: 'Vote And such thy bright reward had been if such had he 'the spiritual as well as tie temporal .hearof the Mohammedan world; that is to been thy deed, : , Wisely." Kate Field, Editorial Notes a Calif. This has revived the old If thou hadst sought some wand'ring feet in paths say of hatred and intolerance, between. of peace to lead; spirit Poetry: The Stareless Crown Selected. The T did not mean Other World. "Lovingly Inscribed Nellie. that thou sTTouIdst tread the way Mussulmeu and Christian and the Turk has taken up his arms with his ancient motto of life atone, that all means are lawful for the extermina-- " But that the clear and shining light which round tion of "the Christian.. The life of a thy footsteps shone, THE STARLESS CROWN Should guide some other weary feet to my bright Christian being considered of no' more worth than the life of a dog; which is in home of rest, ... "They that turn many to righteouness shall their estimation a meritorious act to take-shine as the stars forever and ever." Daniel And thus in blessing ihosc around, thu hadst thyThis is an unequal ' fight. The Mussul-meself been blest. XII. 3' holding all the power. The Christians so much fewer in numbers and. almost enWearied and worn with earthly cares, I yielded Tlie vision faded from my sight, the voice no tirely without arms; arms being forbidden . . to repose, longer spake, by the Sultan to the Armenian population. And soon, before my raptured sight, a glorious A seemed spell brooding o'er my soul which "The situation throughout the summer of vision lose. I feared to break, long I eighteen eighty four was one bordering thought whilst slumbering on my couch in, I gazed around in And last when' at memory's on anarchy," from every section of the midnight's solemn gloom, glimmering light, heard aji angel's silvery voice, and radiance" country came word of the most outragous fell o'erwhelmed beneath that vision's My treatment by the Turks and Kurds of the spirit till'd my room. awful Christian subjects. might. A gentle touch awakened me, a gentle whisper I rose and wept with chastened Laws were imposed that in the already joy that yet I said, dwelt below, impoverished condition of.the country were . "Arise, O sleeper, follow me," and through the" ..Trnt n. iv as mines, latlh my by siinpTyra venous a dvcr y bit fer air we tied. works to existed 0:1 every hand. In a detailed stateshow, We left the earth so far away that like a peck ' And yet some sinner I might tell of Jesus' dying ment sent to the "English papers by the it seemed, love, Vienna Correspondent of the Daily News, And heavenly glory, calm and pure, across our And help to lead some weary soul to seek a home regarding the treatment of prisoners in pathway stream'd above. . Central .Asia Minor, the following stateStill on we went my soul was wrapt in silent And now while on the earth I stay, my motto ment is made, "Hundreds of them were ecstacy; this shall be, cast into prison, stripped of their clothes and I wondered what the end would be,' what next "To live no joj)geriomyseliLbuCi I im who-ditortured in the most diabolical manner: should meet mine eye. forme!" women were outraged in the presence of knew not how we journey'd thro' the pathless And graven on my inmost soul this word of truth their husbands and fathers." An Armenian fields of light, at Marsovar was flogged until his back was divine, When suddenly a change was wrought and was to the Lord bright as the raw flesh, to force him to sign a declaration They that turn many clothed in white, " stars shall shine that certain 'Americans were plotting with .We stood before a city's walls and glorious to Selected. Armenians an insurrection. ' behold; In the early years of the century the We passed thro' gates of glistening pearl, o'er residents of Constantinople had been acstreets of purest gold; customed to hear the most insulting referARMENIA. ence made to their religion; but under the It needed riot the sun by day, the silver moon influence of Abdul Medjid this diminished BY PIIUvBE C. YOUNG., .by night, The glory of the Lord was there, the Lamb himgreatly and as a consequence social relations of natural A PivOPLK gifts. They improved; but during the five years great self its "light; fire , and inof the a marked previous to eighteen seventy-fou- r Bright angels paced the shining, streets, sweet. have caught enough of the of the nineteenth liberty was spiration noticed music filled the air, change everywhere, and an inindependencerand creasing lack of regard for the customs of century sain ts. wi th gli tt e rj ng - crow ns, An d raise their voices; against the the Christians. .. sometimes Cfrom every land were there, And some that I had loved on earth stood with unre.mitin tyranny, and oppression of the Leading merchants were ordered tojopen to which are Turkishthey government their shops on Sunday; if they refused they them round the throne, . were punished and told they were disoDey ''All worthy is the Lamb," they sang "the glory. subject. His alone." Perhaps they have found the more cour- ing the orders of the Sultan. The officers But fairer far than all beside, I saw my Savior's age 'to 'do this, because they had a" right would, enter a Church during service and under tlie treaty of Berlin to , consider demand anything they might want; and if face; themselves under the protection of the six requested to wait its closer they would And as I gazed He smiled "on me with wondrous draw their swords and order the preacher to love arid .grace. great European princes. that But alas lor them that put confidence in stop and most vilely abuse everything most Lowly 1 bowed before His throne, ' sacred pertaining "to the religion of Christ. I at lastprinces; they have been doomed to disap"In viewing the situation we "cannot but Had gained the object of my hopes, that eartli at pointment and left to suffer and die;" for alreceive of a plan officially ; length was past. though Great Britian through its embassy laid to the impression crush out - the Christian: population at- - Djnstantinople- - and -- its consuls in - the And then in solemn tones He sajWJierjejsl.ie interior-havediadem constantly' remonstrated with to make room for a Moslem population." 1: Al;menia. Utah Federation of Wonvm's Clubs Hirthday Party L. I), A. Harriet Ileecher Htowe. An Interesting. Time Julia A.Notes And News, Rules y Ladies Meeting Annie T. Hyde. Uox Elder Reports Kmelia I). Mad-soLeaves From My Journal Kim... In Memoriam. Obituaries. A Brilliant Wedding . ; , - Mac-donal- d. And-Regulatio- Semi-monthl- -- n. ! -- be-foun- - " . . , n ; . . : v 1 . " yct-ano- Ui 1 1 . " el 1 1 t . - white-robe- d - - - - - . - " , , o'er-joye- . v . d - . -- V ' . 1 