WOMAN'S HXFQNKN1 i this year, is extended ouF .lU'jie,Qffice which suto the vauce ' sleep 'good will and affection . KafltiftV ttself wiUi'thc Woman 's Con- "heartfelt -: Frances Kui.i.Kk ViCToii'. rescue of the gress. Not that 'all the memuus "ot this i:j-h- e' '"'" betterment of association, oc the Congress AsoaahQNr&.i yOiirTand unwary, 'and'-theA LETTER. conditions of the p or in our own" and other Woman Suffragists some of boh,are op- xsed to the ballot for women' out mat cities we should he constantly gaming TKASPAlIlv, WAYNE Co. that kind of information for which every the congress gave an opportunity for that writer, and especially every editor has a fair debate which women in the. past were October 6, 1896. , ' than W .otherwise cannot . It not .use. allowed, practical 'V Dear Sister Wells: shall liberties our of this that enlargement Wkt;n we have an outing or participate I 10RWAKD our Conference Rerprt we in of otherrorganizations. should continue tQ' lrroaden our intellectual view, We just' held one afternoon session of Stake we nut feel to discover something to write and with it the horizon of our. souls. My counselors could not Conference. come to get our opinup, which would he. a just return for the. shall ultimately, too, had sore throat in courtesies we have enjoyed as well as a ions by thinking, rather than as Mrs. attend, Sister Forsyth died Browning says men get their's, and boys her family and three of her children contribution to our own stock of ideas. it was the first time she had failed to attend The Coast Woman's Press learn to spell, "by' reiteration chiefly.' opinions, an appointment. She is' my second couh-'- . by its earlier efforts brought the reiteration of other peoples in the same selor and has been a great help to. m.e in together on this Coast about- one. hundred. which they also had ado'pted and fifty women of similar' tastes and asway. The woild never did and never will my labors. We enjoyed an excellent spirit in" in our conference though short, much was pirations who, else would have known advance one step except byfearliberty to think spxken for our general goodand received in little or nothing of each otlicr.' Aside from thought. Let us therefore not Y ehad ii number derived from a personal too frcdyr vhile we act' discreetly,. .:S"tne-wher- e an appreciative manner. the'sociarpk-asurebetween slavish' submission, and ex- of young ladies join the Relief Society. .acquaintance, the numerical strength of the new association was a tnutupli. it gave cessive resistance to popular prejudices, the fhe Staie President of the foung Ladies ' Mutual Improvement Association advised .intellectual women, isolated in various real truth will' be found. It is my hope and my belief that the the young'- sisters to join and attend the puts of the country that faith in themselves which was a much needed support. Pacific Coast Press Association has lxrfore it monthly testimony meetings, and I am Although since that time the far south- a future even more useful than its past, but pleased to note they heeded her counsel ; there are three associations where all have ern, members have for convenience formed Should it not again find so happy a .cona set) irate association, while some have junction of circumstances, it has done joined the Relief Society. I enclose the names of the presidents and secretaries as to wider fields of employment in enough to have made "a place in history. the Kast and while a few have passed from I could not close this paper which from desired. We are always pleased to receive the. labor of living to the' unspeakable peace its too specific nature I fear may have'prov- - the Woman's Exponent aud profit by its of the Beyond, there are still over a hun- en wearisome to our gue'ts, without ex- hints aijd suggestions ' on many subjects dred in the present organization. pressing my conviction tnat no member pertaining to women. With kind love and there-haIf not been a Pacific Coast who. has been, or may be compelled to sever wishing you health and success in your Woman's Press Association in existence, her connection with the association but many labors. miK-lthat was of interest to our women feels genuine regret at having to separate : Yours respectfully would have been unrepresented at the from us. Althougli not to be mentioned Jane S. Coeeman. World's Columbian ; Kxposition, and there as of importance the social features of our would have been no Woman's Congress in orginization are sufficient to compensate JEAN INGELOW. California-of the the members for any trifling sacrifices that advantage" Taking ' opportunity offered by the may be made in its interests Its social Jean Ingeeow the cliarmjng. English Fair in tliU State, the Association proposed meetings and on" tines'- are marked by the and wve4itrt, i:3 sericih4y ill. She: and afiectcd. the great undertaking whose unconventional and cordial goodlellowship ?g now ;6 year9 0f age' and has been 'very outcome was a surprise to "everyone in- the which is one of the statedof our objects feeble for some time. She lives ""in a quality of the intellectual work done.--- I do unionT 1 here is talent enough amongst quaint little cottage in Kensington with not mean to convey the impression that the ourselves, could we combine it, to enterher bachelor brother, surrounded by her Congress was composed mainly of tain our friends, right royally ; but usually birds and flowers. Her conservatory is members of the Association, but , oniy we have out into the highway and twice the size of her gone that it was projected and carried to consum- brought in our friends to entertain us ; per- dwelling, and one of her favorite pastimes has been to liberate mation by the efforts of certain of the most . ... her feathered friends amougtheJlaYrs -- prominent, press women. ' -intitntM i'nrufThe Congress tint " .while she writes at her desk. She has itself was a thoroughly representative body, cannot and prefered to withdraw stale," drawn from all parts of the coast, who ourselves from vie sv. If we have been too always had an intense horror of publicity and dislikes came together by invitat'on , to express display in her honor. In literary to dance we have still piped and addition to any her books of poems, she has themselves on a great variety of 'subjects. sung-- told stories and at them, written four novels laughed and "various works for The manner in which they acquitted them- cracked and propounded riddles, o jokes selves was a revelation to most people, disvised songs and by sharp concussion children. Her poems are refreshing and covering, as it did, a latent power until struck .sparks of wit from the flintiest of sparkling, among the best known ofnvhich " . then unsuspectvd, us in fact indulged in .that mild sort of is "We Are Seven." ; I remember being- much surprised' by a high jinks which a woman's press associaremark of the Evening Post reporter at the tion might, with propriety allow itself. To A from Miss Willard dated Mar close of the second day, that the women all those who whether as hotel managers, seilles, says: "I am here with Lady l done have this f before might they' had real estate or transportation companies, Henry trying to help the Armenian refugees. known itA only They kudwit now, and have contributed to our pleasure from year We have two or three 'hundred in a refuge they are 'never going hick to the, silence to year in the past, our grateful acknowl- that we. opened directly on our arrival ; the and isolation of their former lives. edgements are rendered, as also for that, distress is great. It looked' curious enough-(ancOut of congress grew the which we are to enjoy this year.' so good!) to see Lady Henry standing Vc man's Congress Association of the PaNor could I close this paper without up in the midst and measuring- - pfif the numcific Coast, which holds annual sessions. Its oicing uie sentiment ot regret which I ber of yards necessary to make a woman's Executive Board and Auxiliary Committee am sure prevails among us, that rotation in dress while I told out the thread and neeare composed largely of the Press Associa- office while it us the officers, of our dles wherewith to sew it. Then the men tion. On its floor thoughtful wmneu of all choice, retires gives those whom we have learned said if we would give them some of, that ranks in life, of. all religious creeds,' of to admire and love, not only for faithful same cloth they would make themselves meet .every degree ness to dutv but-fo- r their iriahy charlETof shirts, so we measured off material for to give, and receive of each others equality person and character. There is. hnwvpr them too," and for the first time their sad best. -- Many decaying walls of oreiudice this :l COmneTmntincr ffntnrn 'itVi . i tii - anai IK:i"f ihive ToIIam Lll. u'iw ii faces brightened and aslvyeleft I therewas ,. j . .. t - KiOUU O" . i UUCr 110 end Of Smiling 1nnahtfr orirl Miotfpr'i . nrraifrhMl--tr.Tja i u r n lit nig n ciear UwULti neia lor us group, giving finally a thorough under- - the ereat drearv ronm; tf tht K?rr iutu-- e progress in all directions. of the whole. To our gracLus wing given us without rent standing the city As a proof of this, behold the by ad V7 great retiring president, and to eaci one 'who ' authorities." r -- ; consecrated women wno up:)u.-tho?-e ' . - - . - -- . ' , 'S7' ; ' the-outin- . ; -- - - . r- - s - - re-mov- ed -- ; , . i . ; - .Mid-Wint- er - Lr-o--c j - - . 1 - .. ... 1 rrr-r-.T- -,-, , im-jpr- : . letter " - that-specia- l of-cultur- e, l upon-perfect- " . i 1 T ---- ---f i ! i- - .. Vt-il- I Vi -- . 