43 WOMAN'S EXPONENT, - i.JIpnie.pre.stding; 'Singing VO, Jesus the I Giver ;"' prayer by Counselor E. "Webb; There's a beautiful Isle in th River of Time, singing "Our God we raise lu Thee." Where softest of echoes are straying; Minutes of previous meeting read and after And the air is as soft ..asja muical chime., President some ' corrections approved. Ort the exquisite breath of tropical dime, Home addressed the audience upon home Where sweet summer flowers are swaying. matters and referred with much feeling to There's where Memory dwells. with her pure the condition' of the government at the I hue. ! -- , " ; ' f . I -- j golden , ..' thro' ' j ' . . smile. Only flash round the heart with a 'wildering wile, And leave us to feel 'tis but dreaming. isle i the Beautiful Past, And this fancy-lik- Richest treasures are buried there; ! j ;. last There are fairest of blossoms, wit h dust o'er them . ca:t, .of hair. . There are' tresses There are fragments of song only memory sings, And the words of a dear mother's prayer. There's a harp long unsought, and a lute without strings Hallowed tokens that love used to wear. " - s . I j 1 ' j From this- beautiful isle hands are bee koning us ' - there.' i she-wa- And with joy that is. almost a pain, We delight to turn back, and in wandering there, Thro' the shadowy halls of this island so fair. We behold our Iovd treasures again. Oh! this isle of the Past, with its phantom-likshow, Is a vista exceedingly br ght; And the River of Time in its turbulent flow, i I i When our days w ere a dream of delight. ..r r -- .1 i t... .i.- : ! j I .-- L. M. H. 1 THE MOUNTAINS. , BY MRS. VICTORIA ALEXANDRA STONE. "The mountains are growing old." Tahnage. Are the mountains old? Old, did you say I Aye, but when will they be stronger? . for.they lift their heads as strong today . As in the days when they were younger. In pride they defy the lightning's wrath, And the hoarsely bellowing thunder, While they cleave a path for the tempest's breath Which the storm has cleft asunder. -- Old did you say ? are they grow ing old Aye, but when shall they be older ? For time rolls on with its tale untold s i e ? g; d Dl'-it- There arebcingsiiLbeauty loo lovely-to- - could not hear what was said she partook of the spirit of the gatherings she attended. Alluded to the signs of the times and w as impressed that the time was short; begged the sisters to guard against suggested, that gave much goou advice-anwe were a blessed people, to be shielded and protected from the terrible calimiiies that were happening in the World: said her greatest trial was her dealness; wished we all pray for her that her hearing -- -. fault-findin- s e and-ringlet- j j Strangely touching the hearty yet sweeten it too, As soft zephyrs o'er water when blowing. There are shadowy halls in that fairy-lik- e isle, are of Where pictures gleaming; beauty Vet the light of their eyes, and their sweet sunny ' present lime, and the necessity of women voting for goxl men; alluded to the Avor- ship of Mammon by the world, and especi ally the keeping. ol the Sabbath day holy. Spoke of Sister Eliza's words concerning those who attended these meetings, that they, were the "salt of the wards." Prayed the blessing of God upon all and .His Iloly Spirit to guide us. Sarah M. Kimball felt very, desirjousSister of attending these meetings; thought in a very critical condition our nation-watoday, spoke seriously of the coming .elecsaid .she tion and the "teat importance. Ahad studkd political matters alllier life, and that they were a part of her religion; she expected to study this subject more carefully now than ever, and to do more praying over it and she considered it the duty of j everybody; there was nothing that absorbed-the minds of the jeople as much as this subject, because of the interests involved. Prayed God to bless us all. Sister Bathsheba V. Smith spoke of some of the sayings of Sister Eliza Snow and the 'fulfillment of them; said not much in love with politics until the people could learn to acknowledge the hand of the Lord in dealing with these questions. prepare us all to Prayed the Lord w ould ' be saved. . Hannah Sister Couklin; Maria Barnes and others bore faithful testimonies to the truth " How firm a found-- ! of this work. ation." .Sister Sarah Alger from St. George made some interesting remarks. Sifter Algei is familial Willi biriculiure and has labored much in its interest in Dixie; is President of the Silk Association of St. George. Sister Zina Young, President of the Relief Society, felt the walls of the house, were sacred where so many goad things had been said, and so many hearts comfortSisters Island firm and never trip ed , over the car of state, but keep it evenly. balanced;. say with Brother Goddard 'Who's on the Lord's side, who?' " Entreated the sisters to be prayerful and made a very apt illustrat on concerning prayer, in domestic .affairs. Referred to her recent visit to Pocatello, Idaho, and gave an account of the meetings held there; prayed the Lord to bless us and that we might be prepared to I And music forever is flowing; With low murmured tones that come trembling hear others speak; realized the sisters were improving and also ', gradually, overcoming.-; their timidity; ittoulTeMiiageouV p plt't) be Latter day Sainls, we should pray for strength to overcome our trials and tribu.la ions; spoke earnestly tips .11 the subject ot prayer ainl its helplulness in all things. Sister Rachel R.Granf spoke ni having come to the mectitur to see the f tecs of her .sisters .... as she: could not hear, but although she . might Sister Elmina S. laylor lelerred to the. remarks of the former speakers, and particularly to Sister Cirant whose patient and sweet spirit notwithstanding her afflictions Protested was an example to us all. ' against' evil speaking especially 'against the Lord's anointed;" it brought darkness and unpltasantiiess and was not the Spirit of God. "We have a right to judge ourselves but no one else, we must nave charity; every hour in the day we should say Oh, God help us and guide us continually in every act of our lives." Sister Lydia D. Alder referred to a -; le-restored- .- cm-versati- on with a strange lady who had visited the Tabernacle,' and the peculiar 'teeling the lady had when she looked over Temple and of. other remarks, made ifi tfie course of conversation, which shewed impressions were made upon strangers by our surroundings and our teachings even, in private talks witli people we met casually. Sisters Pozzi, Parrows and others bore beautiful testimonies calculated 10. strength, who heard. Sister Sarah en the faith Phelps realized the work was rolling along and the people were being tested; asked the Lord to show to the young people- in Zion what was passing, and give them the , of-al- l - strength to withstand the. temptations around them," a nd keep them "from evil."" Sister Julia C. Howe thought it very necessary that we should have.the spirit of discernment; exhorted the sisters to set good examples in all --places, and to teach at all tunes the principles taught 111 the holy Scriptures, to observe the Sabbath day and to keep all the commandments; realized we were a blessed people. Sister Margaret Brown gave some- of And the heart of man grows colder. her ex'periences and how she came to join see the Savior's face. Oh, dear are the hills that our fathers trod the Church, and repeated part of a conSister Mary L. Morris spoke of some reMade dearer by song and story; marks Sister Zina had made twenty years versation with a young man whom she But dearer by far are the hills of God, ago and that they had always been with met and believed she had sown Tsome That shtne 'neath the shine of glory. good seedrin his" heartr" her; made other good remarks. ? ? Are the mountains . old If they afwho cares Pres't. Horre ":ave out the notice of the Singing "Let Ziou in her beauty rise." i u Since h igh n his cloud of th n d e r, excursion to'Sdtair on the 20th; stating the: Sister Rawlings bore her testimony, and He sits; and the sword in his right hand bears last one had been such a failure on account after the transaction of some business; and That cleaves the rocks asunder. of the unpleasant weather. Singing "Lord giving out the notice of the Relief Society dismiss us with Thy blessing. '' Benediction Stake Conference, the meeting was Oh, rich is his love as the earth is broad, And the heart and the hand grow stronger, singing "This God is the God by Counselor E5 J. Stevenson. adore." Benediction by Counselor E. . Zina Y. Hydk, Ass't. Sec. To think we shall dwell pn the hills of God, rWebb. When time shall be no longer! ' rt Synopsis of minutes of meeting. held in - :CZina Y. Hydk, Ass't. Sec. the, 14th Ward. Hall August .2?, 1896, LADIES.SEMI-MONTHLPresident M. Isabella Horne bresiding. ' MEETING. Why should not women vote ? The esSinging "Arise, O glorious Zion; sprayer by sence of all republicanism is; that they who D. Alder; singing "Now let us Sister Lydia " Synopsis of minutes of meeting held in rejoice. " Minutes of previous ; meeting feel the pressure of the law shall have a the-i4t- h Ward Assembly Rooms, Saturday, read and accepted President Horne was voice in its enactment. Rev. John Pier August 8,' 1896, President M, Isabella not feeling very well, but was anxious to PONT. . . - ; - ad-jourue- : ; 1 Y . ". A' r ; d;' r-w-e 