: ... - WOMAN'S .. KXPGg. ay&au m1 .bn.iB; r.-fefe:another June." and relse.corresix)ndingly neat and cosy,' were a .you'll S,K and wlial love the .sea. . and family party in the comfortable sitting-rooma who in the reflection of the blazeand all thing ' mother and children, all busy at the evening task, making ready for the coining Christmas. "Another lonely Christmas mamma without father, how blue we shall all- be, and what a cheerless dinner even though, we all try to keep up appearances ; wouldn't it be better to go to grandfather's old place in the country instead of staying. here waiting for the ship to come in when, it has been so' long due, and we've had no news of her?" said the eldest daughter Clara, opening. tbe evening's conversation. Before the mother couia reply jonn tooKiug t up from his book in the corner ' exclaimed; ." Yes mamma let lis go to the old homebeen there stead in the country, . I've-nowould- be jolly since I was a child', and to trudge around there once 'again climbing Kt' nruK: tniitiF through the hedges hunting the lost turkeys and other farm fowls ; and the great barn was a fine place for us to hide in when we were boys, do we had there yoir remember Frank, the fun the last time we paid a visit ? When father was home from the Mediterranean and liad'nt seen his old home for many years, not since we were born anyway, imagine if we were to do that what would mamma ..voyage. ,h;. ii en.lr a trees t L11I11L aniline nil around Cape Horn and Cape it A W lather h.ivr-" all the other Capesr and and .LriugiLy.ou home a jollxJotof jnmos things," said Clara deprecatiugly. But. just then the front door bell rang out loud and clear, and the mother anxious with long waiting and hope defered, turned deathly pale and almost fainted, while John a stalwart boy of seventeen, sprang with a bound into the hall, throwing wide open tfie door and rushing into his father's arms buiied his face in the great shaggy fur coat" and by this time all were being kissed and made clad, the seaman's great coat was cast aside, and the bronze lace and shaggy visigray beard of Captain Tremont were ble ; Fred dim bed on his k nee and began thrusting his hands into his father's capacious ockets (of which there were many) and while Clara went toseb after supper and. the boys and ICdith. all ta'keti at. once, Mrs. Tremont sat silent, too glad and too much overcome to find utterance in words. By and by supper over and' the boys gone up stairs to bed, Captain Tremont grew' talkative. " What had you' planned for ChristWe've mas, mother did you include me? had. some rough seas this trip, I've never ' ' seen more storms, I knew how hard it say ? " Kvidently mamma is not going to get would be for you wife, with me away and a chance to answer any of your queries,' but all' these big boys,and girls to look after, if permitted to speak, mamma-- - will say, that and not much means, and a man don't and know when he comes home' after a long if your father does not come we hear no news of him, or the ship, we voyage what he's coming home to, we can't will go to Hillside and spend Christmas' get much news on these long voyages you uoua, goou, t bam uic uneu uuy& au know, when we come into port, we'rq often in one breath ; and Clara and Kdith joined disappointed about letters, and sometimes in with "It is there's bad news and Ave dread getting delightful, glorious!" stupid here," said golden haired luiitli, any', when .we see one of the crew "shocked d I'm so anxious to see the muiitryi again, even if there should be some snow near home we hardly dare ask after our ii would be the merrier, we might meet own ; you're nervous and pale wife, but if some of those honest country lads, ' grandyou had seen me shake when I got out of the coach up at Field's-iuu- , you would not pa always talks to us about with more virhave believed it was the same man that had tues than manners, not like the fellows who pride themselves on their just come from port, and bade his men good broadcloth and fine style, so he thinks." bye, but never mind now 1 know all's-wel- l at home, how good that sounds when, "Grandpa is right' though girs, he knows the world pretty well and the men a man's been away nigh on to four years' ' We don't care for that make it," said John. "No doubt of Christmas now father, " who would want this is good enough for us, the best Christit," Hdith replied but to marry one of. them, why we could never mas we could have is to see you well a"d think of having one for a husband, think of have you here with us, mamma thinks so a life time of it, settling down for year in I'm sure, and Kdith and myself will try to and year out with such a fellow, and no make you as happy as though you were young ' amusements, nowhere to go." lovers again." " And wont you want "We will, not discuss marriage just anything else, what about Santa Claus, now." said Clara interupting, "you are not does he come round nowadays when your out of your teens, but say Kdith wouldn't ofd father is not at home ?" yes, you it be better to have your husband home remember the boxes we had last year' all tending the farm, and feeding the stock in the way from Spain, and they came a the winter time, than out on the high seas, ahead of Christmas, but we waited ' exposed todangers, and never see him at until Christmas eve and we were so jolly, all. vear in and vear out. ns von snv tint ..the. boys andah.even Polly and' Tim " Well girls I've brought more presents even at Christmas." " Don't girls," don't talk so, you make home than I could send,, ahf? one too big ipr a oox, mat i nope you'll like," with a everything so real,' we'll go to your grandpa's and try to drive away dull care for a knowing look at his demure wife. "O father what is it a Kangaroo?" said Edith, day or two during holiday week, and maybe there'll be news of' the ship Goodspeed "What nonsense. 'replied CI am " nf course it is a native of some of those islands by that time," said the. mother pathetically. " Well one thing certain I'll never go to his man Friday, undoubtedly." sea and leave my wife and children, if I . " You shall see tomorrow I had to leave 1. .said John --ever "nor echoed Frank, " nor me,", repeater I should frighten you all with mv shaev ed Fred the youngest. coat and unkempt beard ; but as vou kept wont all be "Perhaps you delighted :your wits pretty well at the surprise, for' when father comes' home after this long you evidently did not expect me, I'll 'yen- . " , given. In the morning boxes were opened and gifts distributee! only a few reserved for Santa Claus,but the great wonder too big to put in a box had not arrived, and the family were all guessing and asking numberless questions; but the greatest surprise Was reserved for Hillside farm. The ride was pleasant lor the day was very tiue and, the happy party thoroughly . . arrival which was entirely unexpected the grandfather declared he hid a' presentiment) a sumptuous repast was serv. (ex-cept- Jiolly and evergreen,- accordirnj to the custom of Christinas eve. Aunt Bettie the housekeeper was never without f c iti tlir no. nf 1nv vn; tlif Olirit.tmns: ) mv vliiVi AiA not- trft there, as the boys and girls had anticipated. .Supper over the family gathered into the great siltingroom, full of memories for Captain Tremont and as he spoke ol the familiar articles and appearance of the r.ooml and of his mother's "ok1 arm chair," father and sou so long parted, could not keep back the tears of affection ; how wonderfully these thoughts rush. in upon us at such times! Fancy conjures up the visions of' the past and the very faces of those-snear and dear seem to shine out in tW unreal picture. Edith breaks in upon the .reverie which followed the pathetic scene between father and. son, and turned- the tide into one. of query and chatter about the Christina's gift" too big to pack in a box. The guessing was kept up for an hour or more, until finally the Captain's father grown weary of the nonsense, inquired about the ship and thl - s - . . V k -- ri t i r c nrf.r-- i The one subject that provoked discussion K vVthe-innrlec-auseI-dtdrr1rkn3dv-h"eth i ct tr) n , '- -- T d urieS, and the boys found the barn as delightful as .in the days of hide and seek games. "0 vetheni ttme-honore- - -- -ha-- as with ffl and the nld home wns decorated city-bre- d " he-cold, , JyaheeavsJieetsanda : - sensation,' I fancy , I feel the ship rolling, and I'm swaying back a ad forth, yes we'll miles go by all means it's only about ten drive, and with a good team and if the roads are not very; rough, we'll get there in good time, its a roomy old house and Aunt Bettie'll make us all welcome' The girls Retired and Captain Tremont and his patient, loving wile who had been separated 'so many years from each' .other, sat and talked until the fire. went oiit, and then the half had not been told of happenings, and hopes and fears '" for each other tired nature.'' and their loved ones ; but must have rest, and " balmy sleep" comes to the relief of all ; what a boon to: mortals . few-day- here- now . t, ( I -t- 1 to-nigh- .to-b- e in you've come, and not go out such a long you must be "weary father after the ocean." on voyage and severe storms "No wile, I think we'll go, we might as well all be happy together and father would be glad to know I'm safe on iaudonce more; aye,. but it does give one a queer . - v outfit, " But hadn't we better stay, . . ;we father." t it ar eveniui; a ml grand-,..- i at un.smi., what.will your dear old ,:,..." ..... IIK.I III. Ill II 'lT'lTlllt say pa ' . Good'Hope-aiT- d - tlrisiathelor.Dec. .eC, e I ., t ,rnp, Y ti I O , tl1 " 1 J I I fl II! 'Ok l'UI w" :,,a,4Juo V( Ml " 'fnn1A' T 1 T t. I T 1C asked her husband to tell some of his experiences; she knew very well this would silence further conjecture about .the mysteri ous Christmas present. While thrilling stories of narrow escapes and terrible storms at sea were being told in a graphic maimer, and the children were listening as if a spell were upon them, Mrs. Tremont and Aunt . 