... . ,y vy" 1 ..' .- -y hand, who hiul b) " . r.Mc,.lr all acluii uitratiiV in must be"- vi holy ordinances.. of yon want to saidj'Jf' any Said she loved aiostati.c, look at inc. see the faithful, We have many joys in' I . . v . . ! Ak'iri (Yy nsked aii interest iii our faith and prayers to assist her in her the Gosiel that take usabove earthly lx worthy of the rows;, we have great reason to rejoice, being I. great calling. "Desired to Coun-- i united with the eternal priesthood of God. respect a lid esteem of the Saints. selor; Abbie Shoemaker felt her calling a the- deparcaused The ; j through vacancy ture of the Stake counselors, was then Tilled. On motion of Pres't, Zina Voting, Alvira vS. Cox was to act in the vacancy caused by the death of Minerva W. Snow, and Abbie Shoemaker, was to fill the place of Sarah A. - Peterson. r Pres't. John B. Maiben said "we are subject to change, but. we must acknowledge the hand of God in all Things. Let us exercise those God-likqualities' Gave words of consolation to Pres't. C. Peterson in his bereavement, said "God remembers the mission of the faithful, therefore, let. us be comforted, May the spirit of wisdom, righteousness, of truth, ofkindness and good ' will rest upon us. Pres't. M. A. Hyde felt favored with the presence of Sisters Zina Young and K. J. Stevenson. Spoke of the, grejit loss in the death Of her counselors, sustained but it is not pleasing in the sight of God to , e -- . 'mourn. The Kphraim Worth Ward Relief Society was represented by Pres't. Sophia Anderson, Kphraim South. Ward by Pres't. Kllen Dorius, Fountain Green by Pres't. Polly A. . . Johnson, Fairview by Pres't. Kliza Bartholomew, and Gunnison by Pres't. Helena Madsen. Pres't. C. Peterson felt that the sisters just called would be as much beloved as those who had passed away.' He requested the sisters to come and be set apart. Sister Alvira Cox was set apart by "Pres't, John Maiben, aud Sister Abbie Shoemaker bv Pres't-- wiihnm v.i2x-ia-The resignation of Helen!'. Youtiir as Cor. Stake. Secretary was read and accepted w i t h a vote of thanks; Sin gingr" Ben die" tion by Hans Jensen. Pres't. Rebecca Wareham of Manti extended an invitation to the officers and visitors attending Conference to attend a banquet in honor of Pres't. Hyde on her TSoHi "birthday, where she was presented with an elegant gold watch and chain.' great responsibility, but if the Lord would help her she would round up her shoulders, and try to do her part Pres't. J. D. T. McCrdlister (of the blessed indeed to Temple) felt that we le liere, to see and enjoy the Society of "Aunt." Zina." Thought at times 'great things were imparted to us for our encouragement, and we should be" careful whom we impart them to. We should read the revelations of God, they are. gems; there are things in the Poctrin: and Covenants that will lead u$j- to celestial glory. Thought the spirit of .love and .forgiveness was present. God has blessed the honest toil of this people; lie felt humble in his spirit. Sisters Stevenson and Young encouraged . Sis'the 'people in taking the ter M. A. Hyde spoke in tongues and Sister Zina Young interpreted. 'Conference adjourned for three months. Singing "Do what is right." Benediction by V C. Madsen. w-er- e . Kxi-onknt- Makia Wii.iakison Sec. I'KIMAkV STAKI5 l'AIK OF SKVIEK. i According to appointments, Stake Primary.. President, Louisana Heppler, with her counselors, and Secretary Mary started to visit the Primary Fairs in the county. On the ist. of June' they should h"ave held one for Sigurd and but- on account of sickness could not hold one. . On the 2nd of June, we left our. homes 'and arrived in Aurnm it n: o'clock a. m. After opening the Fair, we viewed the things, saw that a great deaf of interest .hadbcen T taken by by the beys in making tables, rakes, barrows etc. We held a meeting iii the afternoon, and .attended a Primary concert at night. Next morning we went to Saliua and attended the Fair in the forenoon, and in looking over .the things found, that both girls and boys had done some' very neat work. At' 2 o'clock we held a meeting and spoke for some ( time to a ArriiRNOON Skssion: Singing by the houseful of children, and also had trie choir, prayer by Brother J. F. Allred, singof pleasure attending a concert at night and ing. President Hyde returned her thanksand enjoyed ourselves very much. ' appreciation for the kindness shown her; After a . short ride from Salina, we be one. we. the hoped might Spoke upon arrived at Redmond and were surprised wheat question,' said we must, store grain when-wentered the house and saw. how and take care of it. well everything, was arranged." After exSister Caroline Simpson represented the amining the things, we could not but Relief Society of Mt. Pleasant, Pres't. think the children had done well,help everyRebecca Wareham represented trie North, thing being so neat. Parents and children Ward of Manti, Pres't. Ksther Anderson gathered at 2 p. m. in the house the South Ward of Manti, - Pres't. Annie and we held a 'meeting, andmeeting enjoyed Hardy, Moroni, Pres't. Matilda Olsen, very much. They also gave, as in Pres't. M. A. Frantzen, Spring City, other places, a concert at nighty Pres't. Klu&beth Thompson, Sterling,' and - A long and dreary; ride through the dust Pres't. Ann Midgley, of Wales. and sun, brought us to Richfield on ..the Sister We were greatly disappointed in of Salt Lake, said 5th. the association of the Saints was more to not seeing more of an interest takefe, but her than any thing else. We should learn felt like giving credit to all those who made our duty and be" humble, for it is those something. A program, was: prepared Tor whom the Lord will bless. We should the afternoon meeting, and the children cultivate the spirit of cheerfulness and had learned their parts well, which gave Sister Heppler much joy in seeing that gentleness; we will not make many misthey takes if we have the Spirit of the Lord to like others were interested. We returned direct lis. Was pteatied to note that the home that evening .feeling well. sisters had read the Doctrine and Covenants We rested three days and then took a according to instructions; Pres't, Zina Toiidreary:ndeover-4heugvys-d-arrive- d Youngs spokeirf Messing tliesick , said we in. Monroe at 10; 30 on the 9th of - Rick-eubac- h, . Vir-millio- n, - . -- . -- - e ' our-selve- ' May--fiel- d, nson ' - . . I s B.-- 1- 1- , " . . at the things, vw; saw that the girls weie interested, one. girl having fourteen articles; but we were great-ldisappointed in not finding one tiring made by the boys. We held a meeting in the afternoon, and were pleased with the way : the children, rendered their parts. fXex t day we met with the Joseph" Primary. They also had a good Fair for the .few things prea meet- pared. In the afternoon we held A iug, and attended a concert, at night. uis- in- lilsi- short ride from oseph-found nore. We were somewhat. .uisappiumeii 111 not seeing more of an interest' taken by the parents and children. "At 2 p. m, we held 'a meeting, . and enjoyed ourselves very much; then we partook of a picnic that the children had brought.On' the 2th i,f June we' met with the Iiiverury and Annabella Ward's Fair, and were pleased to see so much interest taken for"' by the children in .making meetin the the Fair and in taking'theirpart ing. We attended a. Primary concert at night. We again returned home, and mi' Tuesday went to a Fair in Glen wood, and credit is surely due to both parents and children 111 'making such a display of fancy work, cooking and carpenter work. We held a meeting ii the afternoon andattended a conceit at night. After a day's long and tiresome ride, we?Friedin Kooshareui, and next day we met with, the IJurrville aud Koosharem Primaries, and were pleased with the Fair, and had a good time (luring our meeting. We went to a concert at night. - Driving over dug ways and. through dust, at 2 p. m. we arrived in Wallsville, and were pleased to see that, though being the smallest place, it had the best FVnv We then returned home, feeling well paid for our trip in seeingHhe parents' and much interest. .Aficr look ' ,V.4Vf' IIWVIl y -- sor- , r f WOMAN'S EXPONENT. j ; -J- . - 1 chikl-rerTtaking.- , MAKY RICK15NUACH, - ,. : - ON K 1 1 ) A" ST A K 1J . vSeC. so . : ,Tnrc Quarterly Conference of the Relief Jun 7, Society convened at Trout Creek, ' g : : Iilizabeth 1896. ; President Fox with her counselors, Mary A. Hawks and Delilah Iv. Dudley, met at Mink Creek, Saturday, June 6, at 12 o'clock, where the first special meeting was held with the Mink Creek Relief Society. They were, kindly entertained by Brother and Sister Graham. Meeting. commenced at 2 6 'clock. Present on the stand, besides the Stake officers, were Pres't. Graham,' counselors and secretary, and one of the. counselors to the Bishop, (John Olsen.) Meeting opened with usual exercises, Pres' t Fox presidi ng. A 11 t he speakers felt well, and much good and timely instruction was given, and all felt blessed. From Mink Creek we proceeded on our journey in company with. Brother "'Anderson" of Franklin, Idaho, to Trout Ceeek, where we were kindly taken care of by the. sisters. Sunday morning 'we' met with the Sabbath school in a nice meeting house. livery thing was so neat and' clean. The aisle's are carpeted with new home nxide carpet, the building is seated with comfortable home made seats, the jyjiple interior being painted in a delicate dra& color. They have an organ, a good supply of music-book- s as well as a.gpod supply of Sabbath vSchool books. The stand is also carpeted and Seated with' coiiifbrtahle rhirtnbl. and Church- standard works, and last but .nQtleast, a beautiful set of .silver Sacrament' " i - - . : 