EXPONENT WOMAN S loi She referred to their San Fran cisco trip and bait Lake last summer. ana said that the Congressof San Francisco was the hiost marvelous gathering she ever saw". The newspapers said the men were all hypnotized or they would not stand on the Vide walks two hours to get into a Church.' Kvery.subject corfsixlered from the training of children to the decoration of the .borne, it all turned on 'the ballot for woman and Susan. 13. Anthony was the Belle of the The Superintendent of the San Ball. Francisco schools closed them that Miss Anthony, might address nine hundred teachers. Senator PefTer- - of Kansas before whom twentytwo of the Convention presented their jetitions, tai'd there never was-- time when Congress showed so little prejudice to Reform in Washington , our cause as. now. he believe that seems to be-twatchword,-seven out of every ten realize that the ballot is the one thing necessary to aid in these reforms. The sin spot of Washington, called the Division or Washington plague spot was beA prominent .lady a Mrs. ing raided. Barrett, at a big mass meeting held there to take into consideration the best steps to arrest the sin stained spot was asked by several well known Lawyers and business men of the city, Would you advocate raiding the Division and she Jnvaribly answered "no, because I would not close even that door to these unfortunate women until another door was opened for them." 'There stood, 'said she, ' 'once in the streets of Florence, a block of marble,it was an un sightly mass oi stone which occupied the public space and was in everybody's way. It was decided to remove it and one day a force of men came to break it to pieces and men of Utah never have cause to regret the 'mrt tliev have nlaved which has resulted in womaft ioliticai freedom by. any indiscre- .lion of ours, is the honest wish of y our co- laborer in the battle for the nghU r present.". : - - a 1 " -- 4 gan their work, Michael Angelo chanced to pass and seeing: the block asked that it .svli4fTr...k.-1.... twl tim time n .V Angel in that mass of stone and he took it home. The Sculptor set the Angel free and today instead of being a nuisance to the citizens of that beautiful city it "guards the entrance to a ureat Church and is admired by the world. So there, is an Angelirr every fallen woman and it needs but a Michael Angelo to brine: it tortn so tnat it may shine in the light of God's glory to be numbered among the sinners who have re pented, whose value is so many more times greater than the wise men." This is a beau tiful metaphor: we could write volumes of the many and varied kinds of mission work which seems to actuate all classes and de nominations in Washington. - The descriptions of the receptions and the little dent of presenting our Senators with a : :. Sakaii A.Bqyer. Springville, Utah'. LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- MEETING. Y Minutes of the Meeting of Ladies, held in 'the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Hall, 'vSfetcjLzrJ K'r'r.tKhnball: The had said inBe; If ve are .not.: one .ye TiiviXm v Lord" are. not"-- of a' man who fought with Washington that knew the Lord had been with him, by hearing him praying Now in this day 'when in the woods. prayer is despised- - by many. how beautiful this practice of Washington seems. De plored the condition of our jyoung jeople .who were recreant and indifferent. Made . other interesting remarks. Sister Barnes' daughter bore testimony to the. gift of- - the Spirit while the sisters, were singing, "Redeemer of Israel " Another sister bore testimony to the gift of healing, her little daughter being healed so wonderfully. Spoke of a dream she had and felt to press on and serve the Lord. Sister Stevenson made closing remarks; loved- - -- . , Counselor E. J. Steven-sopresided." Singing, "Lord we come before thee now." Prayer by Counselor Clara C. Cannon. Continued by singing, "Welcome best of all good meetings. " Minutes of laiit meeting read and accepted Sister E. J Stevenson said she thought it so beautiful that our meeting came this But did Meeting was adjourned for two weeks. year, on Washington's . Birthday God is the God we adore." he do all these t glorious things without Singing, "This Benediction Sister Elmina S. Taylor. light and truth. seeking unto God-fL. D. Alder, Sec. pro-teRead the life of Washington,, it is so full of Often he went into the Woods to faith. pray. Sisters improve the time and say a BIRTHDAY PARTY. few wTbrds and then you will feel to speak of the goodness of God. Sister Mary Ann A Birthday party was held in St. John's, and built be to came said she up Hyde Idaho, March 23, 1S96, in honor, of one to be I thankful am strengthened. Eliza P. Williams. of of the The youth subject you. among The members' "tf the Relief Society of Zion had troubled her for many years. St. John's gave their President Eliza P. We surrounded are by temptation. They Williams a surprise at about twelve o'olock. must pray earnestly all the time that Satan The members gathered together at the does not overcome us. The day has arhouse with their baskets filled rived that the dreadful things are coming to meeting with good things which they transfered to pass, which- - the prophet told us of. Are the table and when all was ready, Sister we preparing for the coming uf the Son of Williams wis invited to the meeting house. Man? We should encourag: our children When the door was opened and our Presito .have faith. I pray God to bless us all. dent saw so many sisters and the tables Sister Sperry said her heart beat so hard, she wept for joy. She was prethat she felt to bear her testimony. I pray spread, sented with two chairs and some other that we may tx faithful. Also prayed that smnll : gifts. the aged would be .blessed, for followed and and short the heat and the burden of the day. an Singing time- wasspeeches held. enjoyable Sister Rollinson bore an excellent A.. Elvira Harrison, Sec. testimony. A sister in the congregation St. John's, Oneida Co., Idaho. bore her testimony, said she had found true happiness since she understood the gospel. Sisters sang, "Redeemer ot Israel. W. S. A. MEETING. Sister M. L. Morris said she felt glad that God my Minutes of Salt Lake God." Let. us help those who are cast fourteenth Ward hall, March 17th, 1896. down. The Lord loves the pure in heart. Sang; "0, Come, Come Away." ' Prayer' Let us build each other 'up. I know that by Elizabeth Price. Sang: "The Reason Minutes of last meeting read and my Redeemer liveth. Why' her Sister "Nunn bore testimony. Spoke approved. Report of select committee ' had she of a little girl that adopted; and Emily S. Richards had consulted with State had. faith she how much committee and several, lawyers and found bore also Samson Sister J. .testimony that they disagree on the subject of Right in was of here God rich the that of' Wife's Dower, she had t been treated Spirit abundance courteously and kindly by all and read a A sister in the congregation bore testiwritten statement given by Judge Sutherto and the honor Lord land. Her report wras accepted and a vote glory mony, giving who had strengthened her in her body, of thanks given Mrs. Richards for the in-also stating that the healing power was ivl formation given: and committee released. the Church, and the blessing of these Mrs. J. FewsonJSmith read from Roberts ' McEarlane " "Rules of "Order." "Elizabeth meetings. Counselor E. Webb, felt it a pleasure to read a,very instructive chapter on Rights meet here in peace and quiet, while trouble' and Privileges and immunities of s. and strife is increasing all over the earth. J R.. Midgley .said that the relative words to few a the franchise" Spoke study of Parliamentary Rules was very 111 be "to the use. sisters its wise essential if we wTere going to attend, and in urged Asked the- sisters not to judge each other; all probability conduct public meetings ourand closed by bedring selves in the future. Mrs. Holden resigned but be a laitmui testimony to tne trutn oi tne as chairman of Executive Committee arid ' Gospel. Mrs, J. Fewson Smiih was appointed to fill Sister Barnes bore testimony to, the corn- -' the vacancy and Maria Holt appointed to fort and blessings she received" m these fill the vacant place on the committee. ' ; meetings. Meeting adjourned for one month BeneSister L. D. Alder bore a faithful testi diction by Hannah Os wald. Feb. 22ud; 1S96. u . , . . or " . ne ttrcy-had-bor- - -"Th- is-people-is-my-people T-- r you Cor-W7:S-A-hel- ' ;, sworn in can be better portrayed by, Mrs. Richards orallv than I can do it in writing. However I trust the feeling that exists between the national association and the women dPUtah w;ill ever remain, and that thehand of friendship may never be severed but that our representation in Washington may be yearly renewed which will better evidence our interest in "the great cause of our sex and in humanity than all the writing wre could do. I do know that our presence and conversation allayed much prejudice against our people. Shakespeare says, V There is a destiny which shapes our ends, rough, hew them as we may." The destiny of Utah is onward and upward. It is right, conquering might, and may the " , citizen-jhipMr- - peace-maker- s, ; . -' mony.-- Cassie C. Newman, Sec. ' 