y.frv-l.- ? -- ': ..: ' :.. VVOMAN'S EXPONENT. ';. '""' ' got to the polls before t bey. '$e I thinTTit is well to a kw 'Large numbers of .Sacramento, -- ladies identified with the cause of woman suf-- " -- . ''flfemv; say . .in''" thrKg'.'J ' men on mis suoject, because tney are not aHeonvinced that they ought to vote. In my opinion, one of the Greatest obstacles that stands in the way of some worn n favoring woman suffrage, is that they think the Bible is opposed to. any independent action on the part of women; for' instance when St Paul gave the injunction that women were to keep silen t in thechurches.he did not mean that women for all time were tokeep quiet, but ,simply that A'omenofthat time and. placi should not appear in public on account of some impropriety they had been guilty ol. It may seem unnecessary to re fer to this but in a recent standard magazine I found an article which I deem unworthy of the pen of the eminent writer. I refer to Mr. Boyesen's article on the "Matrimon ial Puzzle" in the February number of die iNortn American Keview lie saye: -"Women of tie upper-classehave - been petted and defered to almost from baby hood, and have been taught to regard themselves as privileged persons. Every stone is carefully removed from their path;, reality is expurgated for their benefit, their very religion is refined and tempered to their 4elicate constitutions, etc. But it is undoubtedly "true". that as individuals they have lost rather than gained by being shielded and protected from all rude and You canpainful contact with reality. not artificially limit experience without impairing growth, diminishing the chances of survival, and blighting the germs of char- frcige went to the headqiiarters.and left many a choice collection of Sacramento's magnifi-- . cent roses and other flowers as a token of their good wishes."' The committee on t W. S. A. visit-of-Mr- Laura s; thing of the past. Meetings were held in the Stake House ;i 8th and rQth of April. An oreffected was at 230 p. m. of the ganization sixty-threwith latter date,., members. The following officers were elected for the ensuing year. President Mrs. Henrietta Hail, Vice President, Mrs. Mary Jane West Cor. Sec. Miss Nellie Hunt, Rec. Sec Miss Bashie Smith, Treasurer M. Flake and Auditor, Mrs. May H, .Larsen. We found Mrs. Tohns to be a verv in- teresting lady, and very much in earnest in the suiirage movement. Mrs. M. J. West, Emma S. Smith ami Sarah Driggs, were appointed to organize on the e in the surrounding country, and have j acter." ' al- ready organized the Ladies at Pinedale. Cor. Sec. NettiivHunt, , May,-221S96. Snowflake, Arizona, CONFERENCE OF THE N. A. W, S. A. . MRS. Continued ) UUJK K. introduced. Was-nex- t PARDEK She spoke as fob -- nd-(rc- 7i tlcm err. This Conference has been, so far, an experience meeting that I think I might be pardoned if I myself make a personal allu-sioto one of our leaders in the .suffrage n work. . It was my good fortune while in college, to hear-aaddress by Rev. Anna Shaw, delivered before the students in chapel. ; Among other .things she related her struggles while in college. She said that any" woman who would-makanything of herself in the world must work and struggle with difficulties, and she gave an illustration in her own winning She-saiwhen other "girls in school 1 way. were wearing their dresses cut on the bias, hers were cut on the straight, and when others were cut on the straight, she found that. she had gotten hers cut on the bias. (Laughter) ' So wreinust all make sacrifices, if we wish to do things worthy of note. An old judge sa?d to me" recently, "Don't talk to the men any more about suffrage, talk to the women." He was referring recent municipal "election in Ohio; he seemed to forget that the women there vent out to vote in the pouring rain, and one woman was so eager to. cast her vote that n . d . to.-th- ' ; How true to fact and how strongly stated! The false conclusion of the writer is all the more surprising: "If they (women) desire equality, independence and development of individuality (which is surely a legitimate desire) they ought to have the courage to face celibacy and renounce matrimony; for equality in matrimony is an irridescent dream. Love, permit me to humbly remonstrate, delights not in but in and all this loud trumpeting of independence will make the shy little god hang his head with shame; if it does not frighten him-a way- - altogether."' ' , Then Mr. Boyesen goes on to draw a picture of a middle aged. statesman and his serene wife whose love for her lord is as simple and natural as Eve's love was for Adam before the serpent began to talk philosophy to Eve. "It was after the fatal discourse on the higher education that their matrimonial sky darkened and troubles began to thicken. .Then the raven croaked in the Garden of Eden, the nightingale sang out of tune, and the turtle doves fell to quarreling in the Tree of Knowledge. Matrimony had become a problem." And so matrimony becomes a problem when women become enlightened In other words, to make marriage a success, women must be- densely ignorant. The women who insist upon improving themselves must bravely face celibacy. A fine position irideed for eighteen hundred and NHe says that every bachelor ninety-five- ! is a skulker, butTlie holds that every woman who means to make something of herself must renounce matrimony. It seems to me, 011 the other hand, that every woman who renounces matrimony for selfish purposes is a skulker also.- I don't refer to those women who, like St. Paul, ' have sacrificed everything for their but self-assertio- lows: Jadei$-- a ' .. . s now a s'- . . - Tin: long, expected .MJohns national-- - organizer .1 t ' : platform 'anuresolutiojis gave a'hearingo Miss Anthonv.- Miss Shaw.. and. Mrs. Har- pei, and to Mrs. Ballon and Mrs. Bliiin of the WomenVRepublicuii League Association. Miss Anthony presented a petition with 22,000 signatures. Slie said these had been somewhat hurriedly gathered, as it had not been supposed that the convention was the largest would meet so early,-butiin California on the petition ever presented subject. Ex. - were open. self-surrende- n, r, . . " ! - - life-wor- k, I r" - - ' r- the ordinary woman is intended for. mar- . ..A 1 T .x .T nil. m.1.1' KIAii so much about the domestic woman, why Dora the us tells .Dickens that they marry. about and just as soon as they get that" domestic woman bound to them, they leave her for the saloon or club. If woman were a true companion her husband .would never leave her for other selfish pleasures. I read a pretty story recently about the Burmese ladies.. We think there in Burmah'they are very far behind, the times, it will no doubt surprise you as it did me to learn that the Burmese have equal privileges for both sexes. When a Burmese maiden makes up her mind that she is ready to marry, they have a pretty custom of placing a candle in and at this signal the suitors begin, to present themselves for approval: It seems to me that in this country when a maiden feels that. she is ready for mar riage if her lamp could be lighted by intellithat the ' marriage gence and common-sensrelation would be more enduring. So much was said durine: the Constitu- : 1! r it. uunai vouveiuion especially oy ine nero Roberts about woman suffrage breaking un the family. This is such a hackneyed ob jection that I don't wish to devote much time to it. but" so much was snid unon t lir subject during the debate in the Convention that I think it is well to refer to this" point. I read a statement a short time aero in reference to divorces in Wyoming claiming mat mere were iewer divorces tnere in proportion to the population than in any other state in the Union. How does that lookTor breaking up families? . Mr. Roberts also had a great deal to say about Tennyson, and often quoted him to show his idens nf thf nnsitinn d wntnpn Now I should like to read a few extracts roerftntrrsoirfaTrdouIl well know that it tnere ever was a man in this world that was well poised and well balanced that . that-ove- the-windo- e 1 1 1 . gfess of Culture" delivered before a college class away back in 67, he says;- The new claim of woman to a political status is itself an honorable testimony to th ecivilizatiQiiwh icl status new in history. Now that by the increased humanity of law she controls her property, she inevitably takes the next step to her share in power. (She has had a hard fight for it.) We wish to put the ideal rules into practice, to offer liberty instead of chains, to see whether liberty will not disclose its 'proper checks; believing that a free, press will prove safer than the censorship to vordain free trade, and believing that it will not oankrupt us, universal suffrage, believing that it will not carry us to mobs or back to rings again. I believe that the checks are assure as the springs." (Applause.) ' ' ;. RKTHOMAS WtfJU aod32Easl 1st Sonl6St.r SALT LAKE CITY The Leading Retail Casli House, R. E.THOMAS - 