V- to I WUM A N 'S KXTO N K N T . nr n c vrx!!u1 i :i ens JiTctr'watcrrt he vu rii nf s h n rr introdtteed and be "able totalk ultciijKentiy lather until audrvhether it will M Giant in aboju ihtracliuiiAV-cthe" :f.iv oracle or unfavorable;' to The growth She j 01 nod the C Jmfclr Latter-aaa' and progress of the new" State. 4trar?iie'. It was anticipated that vvomeu at loms .; xccup seats in the hrt Legislature oiA-an?- ' not thi's should in in Xew 1)rk .(Jity and died ther'-ibut beimr disappointed iauna, born work hyas to. the make women .indifferent inl'aucy, Anthony W., Ivins was' bom 'at In iSX '"thly-.- moved hig accomplished by linen alone; and .as Tonisriver some recognition has' been accorded in hav ;j i lit ah, and is(i: came to St. George ing a wojnan occupy the position ot Lluet Nie was the first X'rcsMent .. or-- , the Rebel Clerk' of the' Senate, it cannot be denied Societv, and has been Stake President ol : .some honor has been shown, and the fact the saihe ".society'": .about twenty .years that a woman signet! the ojiicuu pajer MIer life has been a very Useful and resjiect-.- . on the loth' that entitled the IT. S. Senators fram UtalUo Led one. d 'is-seats in the Senate ,United States '1896, of general debility, and passed away, auU is a'mat--ter as she had lived, a faithful Latter-daSainiX worthy of .note and.of record. of. congratulation- and of pride " to aU' She leaves a husbandT one son, eleven " womeii everywhere, who are working for of friends ;to and a ' ... ; mqurn her, loss. equal political privileges. bills have been several There introduced; '" ' Kr.iOiX'lIO-.N,SOF lESlJKct. into the House' aud .Senate that are quite aud serious in theif bearing 'Adopted by the. officers and, members . oi' the St. George Stake Relief Soeiety, and her felloe and consequences upon the community, laborers in the St; George Temple to the memory and although 'women are not )ermitted'to of Anna L. I vius, who died Irom the effects of old have a voice in the assembly they .can be ' age and genernl debility; Friday", an. ioth. isy: heard before 'Committees to whom these at her residence in St. George. in his infinite rnercy.iand Whereas bills are referred, and they can. influence fit seen has to take unto himself our bewisdom, men perhaps by their persuasive eloquence loved sister and 'Sister' Ann- L. or sound .logic in private '..interviews with, I?ihs. V v ts; Re.wlved: That w Hiiotirn, in o! members, and thus bring a.b ut deii fiiihful a ".loss beSister the of much nd, Ivins, changes or modifications in objtCt. loved president, both of the Fourth St. George? tionable measures. Ward, and the Stake Relief Society; a devoted Certainly the presence of women in the w;rker in the Temple, a friend and helper to all, session of the Senate the day the, bilLfor a 1'jving wife and mother, and a sterling Saint, whose Uiidable exahiple the age of consent was passed, produced-the' ' with profit. emulate desired effectHvithout the arguments being Resolved: That we sympathize ad sincerely raised that otherwise would have been . "niourn-wTh the agt-- and bereaved husband, i!a..'the frwardxto lower age.. brought childrengrand children and friends in thgioss ol a devoted: wife and mother and a:;d There are manX reasous why women ' ' " . . .charitable friend. should show themselves' interested in the Resolved: That" th;se resolutions be read at "" Legislature, which should be apparent to the anniversary meeting of the severity-fiitl- r all who desire the tuture ivelfare aiid birthday of President Zina I). H. Young: that be spread upon the records of the Fourth prosperity of the )eople of the new state, they Ward and Stake Relief Society: that' a copy and these things should be made a study by. to the bereaved family and that - they bb all thinking women who are looking to the published in full in the Woman's t)xpoNiNT. ! hXl,0NEi WO MAN': .hel'.kiitr ' ; vs ii.comajiXyaiX .Terms: ore copy on? ex: so ets.' No re Juctiou tn iucior sci't've ;:ihui, ' Xr ex'r.i tor! virf c n rif. h dubvf'ilV" one year, a r cts: 6nir t n Jtiicf nmfv f'll ; , I g, PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ; ; : . Salt Lake City. Utah. JinfertJ at the Put (cond clan 'matter. j?ice in Sat )JvsVhrir1 v ; dis-- . per month.' $300. "A liberal ' . eoura.to rtilar uuvert;:ers. , 8 Ci nMUttion Ti:i!d-tnExiONfcNT clFite, Kix iiis 227 & MAin Street, opposite Z,GM, I. Busines hours frcm . 10 a.m. to 5 p ro. every diy. excert Sunday. Address a! business communications to p.(ci one ,;::mc. 5j.?o; - j L.iif City, Utah, a She-dit- of-th- e of;-Janua- ry' ; , y - Salt Lake City February 15,-18- - grand-childre- 96. n ii(t' , ' - " . . " A WOMAN ON THE SCHOOL BOARD. ' . : far-reachi- TiUi women of the new State of Utah have gocd reason to be proud of the recent appointment of Mis. Cornelia Home Clayton, 'Mrs. upon' the school board for Provo. Clayton is a most "estimable ;voman "and well (jualified fcr the.:, position,' both by nature and education her parents came to the valley in. iS.i; ai d may watlrall due propriety Le teimcd pioneers; Hie born, raised and educated in Salt Lake City, and was always in her girlhood cond; sidered later she matured into a practical yoniigwomah with excellent judgment and "good executive' ability; she was a special favorite Witlr.the memlers of the ' "Wasatch" literary society of young people that was very popular in the "70's"., and among them were some brilliant, talented and clever young girls and boys, who have since rilled positions of honor and " -- . . co-labor- erj trilSt. ; s "the-deat- h - . w.e-oiilu-al- : - d . - ;- -- ; j Ik-se- j j - tiiyvere the liappy ydays wtieji m Ugi: leijule-,Success-- to , " wsy--lt pmg-luer-4a Em ma Mo rris, Bakba r a .M ati s; Comrtfi t tee. . Julia A. Macoonald Cor. Se'. r gOVernments- and better conditions for the worl(i 0ninnmility - ; . r ' graliuture-aixd-e- x j. agieeauic e mi pauitMiMiijj in ayj inamiairieu and it is not surprising to the writer tHat the former bushics's manager: has attained to the distinction of tilling this honorable jxjsilion, and fully expects she will yet occupy other places of emolument trust in the g i ft oLtlie the.. cause of equal siftage-- women as well as men should fective some of - tfie honors in the new state. 1 1 ' V7Hlder.Auth soil f" tlx-- ' deceased; arrived at St. George in the having' come all ' the way from Mexico via Salt after receiving Lalcity news' the of the death of his mother by I iFvasTrccoiii pa n i ed by1ii s"Con sivr- - KDITORIAL NOTKS, eari-mornin- - received to date are Hear Iake, Reports Cassia, Emery , Iosepa. Kanab, Maricopa, I'arowan; San Luis, Sevier, St George,' Star Valley, St. Joseph, SnowflSke Cached .postlc ileber "j Graik: The funeral Summit, Uintah. .Wayne, Morgan, eighteen services were held; al. the sau:-in all. in day the Tabernacle; Hishr p Thomas P. . Miss Luer; K.- Anthony was the;guest; Cottam- presiding. .The choir sang "ICarth-lhappiness is fluting." of honor at the W'oman's Suffrage Club Prayer wis offercxl Klder oy Charles. Smith, the choir in the" parlors of the Goldeif 'Gate TIall ' rendered ' disconsolate in San Francisco-- on Tuesday Feb. theirynin V'Come-yiitji. " etc. Brother Miss Anthony is the niece "of Miss Susan U. George Woodward,- membei of the world-widHigh Council, was the first speakei Anthony of, fame, and is a aid he had known Sister Tviys who did very sweet mannered and lovable noting woman. She is also very capable in all l19l.chau;ige' iiermame by v'ma Vry i ng nearly ' executive work, aud when she does speak all his life. They lived in the same neigh nas sometning oi consequence to say. She bdrhood : They were .we! off. IJad a srnall farm and mill and were wel rcspwv does not pose as a Dublic sneaker nlrbnuo-h' I hey wenLto schiol together. He slie T30ssestliejiMitva4i : j ad always respecteci'her and when the knowledge of the eq;ual suffrage work ' Gospel was brought to that neighborhood by Jedediah M. Qrant, tliey received it ANNA LOW-RII'INS. : with gladness. "Spoke of her in' a vefy r high and estimable manner. She "Was a Anna Lowkie Ivins, the daughter of very amiable lady Trem her youth up, and Caleb It ins and Edith Ridgway, was 'born had worn herself out in doing good. November 18, 18 6, in Philadelphia. ' She James G. Bleak, also a member of the iiuu xuux oromeraana tnree sisters. 'Her High Council and assistant to the President father died when she was tdvpn r Artiec vmple and fellow- laborer her. died mother when' she age;,and .was fif- - with Sister Ivius in 'that place,- 'said it had . r . tele-grap- r one-o'cloc- h . k - y - WOMKN CAN HKLP. ; -- It appeals very desirable that the women ofthe State wlio are now invested with ; equal civil and political rights, with men, should; interest themselves inail-publ- ic questions and become acquainted with all the conditions .surrounding '. the people, or those that are likely to be the result of any further legislative enactments. The daily - ; - -- jrjajjejmnshin most' .rif ' th.etiiinutes of-the- - both houses, and. also pro- Legislature of .the City Council, so that it is ceedings an easy .matter; to read up comparatively and becoine fa ni i liaiAvith ticial representative's are doing; for. the future welfare of the new commonwealth." But a better plan isio gooihto the' Legis lature as often as possible and listen and give countenance to tfie- - work being accomplished, that is in keeping with all the , what-tliese;X- -- 3iV , -- . ociai rable-resul- -- . The editor of the Kxponenf; has great pleasure in" offering congratulations to Mrs. Clayton remembering with- sincere affection 4 lit many ' ' strong-minde- V - . -- -- -- . 4 - lady-wa- ng ; e - , e " . 1 ' A. i UT - W 1 . A V; ; j - 1 - ,. - - - ." - - 