t ha.;:; AH. '! POETICAL Vi'hrrc.the .Ipyc ot - : AMiiob-trai.t- ' a CM, f.Henven's ;"Vbriutf;in oifeim on this day,Lift up your I rnd heart for God ' . is love, Vv'ith jtjkjip tho sky iJlueaLi)ve;. Vud faraway1 in rvnhns unsccnr is record stands, no blots'hetween;. ilat traced in gold, on each far line, Read 'Hannah you are truly tnirie.!' - gentle sigh that heaves thy breast. Theiouglug thought for precious rest, Like incense rare ascends to Him, Whose earthly eyes with tears, were dim, fears are in His hand Thy hopes and The shepherd loves, his chosen band.' -- Then take Life's burden boldly up, Though Vnixed with bitter be thy cup, Tnis is the road thy Saviour trod, The royal roa J that eads to God, May music from the unseen shore. Sweet comfort bring forever more. i rth " A sympatlietic,' thoughtful sou!, Who human sorrow understands, . THAT DELINQUENT POEM. From Pilgrim Fathers sprung you say? Truly. that was a golden day, That landed on this western sod On barren, bleak, and cold Cape Cod, Ancestors of this child of God. "Wife of an illustrious man," 'Another part of God's wise plan, to nig ?hp needs no r;rnre n4-yet Than which adorns her own sweet face, For there, her depth of soul we trace.. ' words jire weak. Aye true you say: My Her life and works for her bespeak; What my poor pen cannot bestow, And her rewaru. is nu. yuy, ... abovewjierehnow," How warmly beats the heart of friends, And .where progression never ends, . She'll realize her fondest dream; Her pen will find a grander theme. And she will live for aye a queen. -' March 2nd, - 1896. R. M. Fox. unanimously. Poem (original) read by Lydia D. Alder on seventy-fiftbirthday anniversary of Mrs. Zina I). II. Young. .The second1: chapter from Woman's Manual of Parliamentary- read by C. C. R.ext ted -- to read the-nM -- Well5 chapter at meeting in March. A motion w;as made and carried that Dr. Pratt send written copies of Resolutions and I. Cameron to Mrs. Congratulations Brown at Washington D. C. and to Mrs. Zina D; II. Young "of this City. Moved and carried that the invitation from Provo h . : r - - : " . r " ; : ' well Come, come, my muse! All this is But of herself I wish to tell; lean My love on others does not For love, and honor, and esteem; teem. Throughout these vales her praises -- cussion opened by Phoebe C. Young, who had read Progress and Poverty by Henry George and the Swiss Referendum. Mrs: $. O. B.v Cummings moved that the Siiigle Tax subject be continued for the next meeting, seconded by M. A. Caine and carried ' Hapiy belore we are aware, s, now weighted down, Enduring-soulWill .lose their loads of grief .and care, -And wonder how. and when, and where frown. They ceased to fear, Misfortune's , All, who can read "between the lines" kind intent; Can trace our Father's Oh! Wfierefore question wise designs 'meant? Always, for our advancement Surely, 'tis well, to woo content! - She loves her neighbor as herself Without regard for worldly pelf; Her hand wiil guide, her words will cheer; And yet withal she does hot fear To speak her mind if need appear. - , Now! Is the time, undoubtedly While friends are with us to rejoice face we see While And.hea'r each dear familiar voice; A taste of lasting joys to be. . . The paper on Single Tax questicn by Dr. Pratt was continued. ?nd' followed by dis- ; - each-familia- . Dr. R. B. Pratt. , -A- ; . . - , -- ol Whoever, either comes or goes .,Zion is destined to progress Her fate is not as some suppose Depende nt on 'Tne a rm of f eshM BuTall who bless her, Jod doth bless. Of Zion's earliest friends end true, Only a remnant we discern, One. here and there, a scattered few, And' these (who stilLwe have in view) ftr war thf ga1, whenro none return. This love of mine is sweet seventeen And yet.through many a changing scene, She's passed with most unswerving will Her chosen destiny, to fill: Come, tardy, muse, I'm waiting still, Wo-.- having arrived, C. C. .R. Wells was chosen Sec. pro fern. Roll call responded to by sentiments from Zina I). II. Young. Iinutes of former meeting read, revised and adopted. A letter was read from the NinteentlCGentury Club of Provo inviting the; metnbeof the PressClub to attend a reception giveif by them. Other miscellaneQUS business was transacted and the Report of the Committee on Resolutions yas received and read by the chairman of the' Committee, on-hig- Come whisper to me gentle muhe The choicest language I may use; To tell about my lady fair Whose many gifts are wondrous rare; Ah! With my love who "can popart? regular meeting of the Utah . Co-worke- ' ; Original; docum Historian.1 c. V. the-chair- . D.-Aloe- , man's Press Club was held U the office ot. 'the Woman's Exponent Feb. 27th, 1896, at S p. m. Mrs. E. B. Wells in Prayer by Dr. R. B. ' Pratt. Secretary not . Our Sister Zina. heads the lists OfZion's Sisterhood to day, A band of true philanthropists, Who constantly, as best they may, The helpless and the poor assist. Many, whose names can never die, Whose memory c'aims sincere esteem, in the days gone by, Have been recalled to worlds Yet Zion's ranks unbroken lieem. Nov. 1S95. - Tin-- : , V 190, ,; U'.W. ' ; Possessed 6f patient A n d fe r ve n t faith and he! pful ha n d s That fain would make the sufferer whole, 1 ' tt. Cityr-LiH.-tit- " Reserved to dvveli , . in t!ie.";e eventful ti;nes: ' ' To be a comforter as well, Among the ranks of Israel, .Gather'd from distant land? and climes. . RuLup uised Worthies of old have entertained, Angels of mercy, so we're told Ami at this feast, We have at least, One Anztf, true as earth can Hold . A Woman! Good as finest gold. Salt. Lake r- - A chosen "Onel self-contr- " , On-earth- The . yet-Disg- When rebil hosts elate With pride, In Heaven the Sovereign Lord defied; was her zeal and worth. Thy . . truth's eternal cause allied, 2AgjCTti forejifc.rJuortal.-b- Lydia nl, .Wherever ZicnVsongs a; - .fciinjr,' Goj.J will, as' for adioufic'n friend, " :' Encircles,. Sister Zitja Young?.. : ITcaven's blessing oil thee pray, A-'ni- in life's darkest hours, we've pjet, ' 'Angejs..of Consolation" in. this our mortal statt... That VT. ' hmsxti:"i - 1 Irluf.- - UU'lW.'fAMr-- -' s A.. the S'vcnly hfi. ' K'rlhhv Anhive.r ; SfrELT friend, with ;yts - For "Sister 'Zina'.' much we ask; oft refresh her; May joy's unlooked for she bask, 'Long in Love's sunshine may Imbibing strength for ev'ry task; And long may love lit eyes, caress her. Jejropedyackfor ' the next meeting. a Program read Moved and carried that the same Program Committee, who have been. very efficient, continue in office three mouths longer. The President "slated that she had received a letter from the Countess Annie de concern-- , Moutaigu asking for information in ah Eastern ing theclub,- etc., to publish Club magazine, and was pleased that: the was being so well, known. Adjourned to March 31st. Benediction - ' by M. A. Caine. Sec pro km. " R. Siiipp, Rec. Sec. C. C.: R. , Eu.is Wklls, Sadly we'd miss the kindly voice, .... And cheery counsel, free from guile, That makes so many hearts rejoice Ih seasons of severest trial; How.can we spare heryet awhile? ThTfriend oflirthe'Tbeiio ; . : ; Akin to God's most gracious Son-- Are they who let true Mercy lead; Love! Is a magnet, strong indeed; Souls are won. By sweet CompasionL " owe a deb- tin friendship's name, we - Miss MinniK Nebergall is enrolling clerk of. the Iowa House of Representat- ives," and Mrs. Carrie G: Sherman is ?n' grossing clerk of the Senate.; " decision of the Supreme cities of Court of Washington holds that in women are en10 ooo or more inhabitants, titled to vote ajlecjions Jidd JoJegaHze A recent, TndeblHnesrror clfooTOrposes. ' 