W OM A K'b- F. Richards " aiidr llr-lr- D.V next hlauti was occupiva by ludt-r- s Jkighain , KX PONE NT. Jr r 'Fu Z - . man ocvnpied 'tic i afternoon, lor ace. J.I. tne Anthem.. sang w-iuc- " i - 1 t ma inder of r the" I 9 wman X. TTj' u.- - ' . Irom Utah ttudduate 'iiiai iiiv. m medicine and ' the choir..! ami surgery. She studied in the Woman's.. Medical College in Philadelphia, and re- ceived her Diploma in 1S77. She practised rill of the Ouorum jf the Apostles ami tYheli t:it. Ail 5 an one summer in'the New England Wonnji's Elder Moses Thatcher who came in later, v.Setk iftlic! in lVLlctnt'wl f W Tu rtr 1.1.r .,..,1 ar.d 'made, herself familiar with .Hospital, funeral trocesi n was in ehane of the Klmira Water Cure establishment. in ruse of the Salt Lake- .Stake Presidency. a special Co in in it tee, General K. W. Young Xew York,' as well as' others in different On the third''. stand were the Presiding imiband in. neat beiijg Marshal. Council of Seventies and,' 'of High Prie.-st..places. Her success has proven her careful wcrc-tt her "nnd" iOHits he hmdX7ft xo hrrnn and'elliC'ent. Dr. Pratt" also took special wuoruris, ana on me lonrin, uie rrcs.u- of the' the Auth"ritics carriages containing courses in . the eye and ear under some of ing Bisnoprie and others Woodruff Presidents the best practitioners iu New York Cityv The casket was placed in the center of Church, includingA Smith and and the the 'then pestle's," fiM; Dr. Pratt was seven years resident physithe front platform, between the floral em- a the. beautiful next families; hearse; sight cian in the Deseret Hospital, and her stand'blems. and on the eleiraut white casket 'IT tali the children weie large. Drag, were some, of the most beautiful pale and ing is uell known to the Medical Hoard of a all in over was the white; Salt Lake. pioeeSMon And one delicately arranged flowers. in length and the sticts were lititd on mile could not help realizing these touching Dr. Maggie C. Shipp stands high in her both sitles the entire distance to the grave- lines of. tiie poet, The. cemetery was also profession; she graduated in the Woman's yard with packed with tho.se who were anxious to.' Medical College iii Philadelphia,, in KS79, "Ai- 'l Ki; vise burden sad he.it of th e luij. show their love and resoeet'for one so high- - and has met with excellent success in the The s'.arrv calm of nijjht; ly esteemed. When the .casket had been profession she has chosen for her life work. Afu r tiie ruuh nm! way, lowered, a uiiartettej A sleep in the robe, bite." auapieu 10 give instruction, as an ner sang 1 he mneral students testify to her aptitude in this was conducted under the She is a woman of great particular. auspices .of the quorum of the Twelve offered M. P. Hlder the' Lyniuu nresid- . strength of character and spleudrd physique, Apostles, President .Lorenzo of and the the grav-departwell calculated to inspire confidence iu ing Inkier II. J.; Grant announced the ed wasprayer. covered and embowered in her patients and in those who study in her opening hymn (reading the first verse,) dowers. Klder II. literally J. Grant extended the classes. 'She has traveled extensively in Resurrection Ihy." A most sublime to nil who had assisted thank.- of the Utah and. adjacent states and territories, prayer was offered by Khler K.'D. Richards.. in their hour offamily .'. soiro ing bereavement. .Mrs, Xellie Druce' Pugsley sang the well giving lectures and teaching clashes. She be of' the May the consolation Spirit has had a wide range of experience in this k:;owsoprano solo from the Messiah, and abide with tho.e who Holy mourn, and way which is helpful in her work to those "I know that my Redeemer liveth." ' mathemto reconcile seek they who come, for instruction. President J.orenzo Snow was the ' 3rst above all selves to the rulings of an. All Wise Provispeaker, andxhc paid a glowing trib'ute to Ix a letter just received from Miss Susan dence, and strive to do the work he has left the departed Apostle. B. Anthony,' President of. the National The venerable President- of the Church, unfinished inasmuch as it is possible,' relyI li 111 who sees even the sparrows Suffrage Association, she expresses great Wilf'rd Woodruff, who spoke lext, opened ing' upon in reference to the vote of the wohis discourse "with the words ''Blessed are fall, and who has premised never to leave anxiety men .of Utah at this first election. or forsake those who put their trust iu Him. the dead which, die in thcxLord from hence ietUelsTliarriii course talen here is loith; yea, vsaith the bpint,x that they ra:y to have a great bearing upon the . .... , rest from "tiR ir lab(irs, and their works do u,1. e 111. u.v i ULLs. i ili.kt ...vivui iXir uj i'iiyii Her advice is precisely iu accordance' with detected the .tone of inwakrgrief i:i is most 'yet It earnestly requested ;by the thai we, shall give wherever and whenever the intonation, lie spoke1 revereutlyx and .President of the Relief Society, Sister Zina we have occasion or opportunity to..seak tenderly of the father, President George Q. D. II. Yming, that each Stake of Zicn uj)0u this question. Be sure whatever we of the wives and '.Cannon, and affectionately send a forthwith complete do will help or hinder the cause elsewhere; r ennuren, ana or uie principle tnrougn ana list of the Stake officers of'said Society, and if the women of this State are wisejliscreet, by 'which he. liad received tliem, and ex- - th'Cxname of every President and Secretary judicious and couservative,inhey stand for hrrinA tl in tliexStake with the name' of the Ward the best men and womtn in the Darty to vand closed "TTis" remarks after occupying where such officers have charge of Society,and which give their preference, and are about fifteen minutes iir speaking sympa- - the Post Office address of each, so that true to they their honest convictions, then their . ? . . 111. t t here may be a com j lete lisl fo r , referen ce influence-wil- l for oud. But I hope and trust we may all pursue that Tt is no.w about six months every w oman of proper age who- is entitled published.'course that we may be justified and prepare since this request was first made, and only to vote, should cast her vote at the coming to pass to the other side of the. vail as he twenty have Stake Secretaries election, and help in" this critical time to reported. has done; God grant it for Christ's sake,. who have not please take notice, assist m maintaining Uie principles sue ' A men. and send in, list according to believes conscientiously to be for the best Brother R. C. Kaston the famous tenor, these directions immediately. Address the good' of the country. then sang toxthe organ accompaniment 'by B. Wells, Constitution K. Mrs. Secretary; invocation-that favorite Prof.T)aynes, Building, Salt Lake City. beloved sister and poet, Eliza R. Snow, Our readers and patrons will please take IX TIIK DEAR DKFUNCT DLSKRK T "O my l ather.". . HOSPITAL. President Jos. F. Smith though deeply notice that classes in obstetrics will, commence iu connection" 'in and this October, affected, delivered an eloquent discourse we wish to say a few w ords in favor of this was a very unpretentiaus It enumerating the many arduous labors, -andu ni - trai g. The sisters whose build i fig," but it was tliere my life was saved and characteristic virtues of : the deceased .study advertisements appear in our columns, are on March iSth, 189 1. and appealed to the congregation to follow reliable women, and proficient in the medi- - . Through the kindness of the Ciuunison Ins righteous example and labor as diligent cal They are women of ability R'. S., to whose credit- some donatioiisin ly hi the cause ,t Christ as liehad done;. He read a portion of a Revelation from Lie and well known in the community arid years past, had been placed, I was seut'.. There , is great there-fo- r treatment.'"4" ''"' ". Doctrine and : Covenants given through, throug hout the State. need of competent help in the outside Drs.' J. ff Benedict- and S. B. Young Joseph Smith, the prophet, to the people of the world in this dispensation,T which" com- settlements, and women adapted to this performed an operation which relieved me hue of work Should prepare themselves of two large ovarian., Tumors, weighing 35- mences with, ... thorougtily before undertakjiig to practice; pounds; myi so skillfully did they do their 'Behold mine house is a house of order, saith land there is noiv no excusefor ignorance wrork that I not only did not feel the oper the Lord ood, and not a house of confusion in this respect. Every facility, possible-iation in the least, but in .ten days I was up :Viil J accept of an offering, saith tlie Lord, and who and women quali-; available, and improved right alohgr and through the study that is not made in my name!" "Or will' I rethemselves for are this pub-- i fy excellent nursing and diet I received there, ceive at your hands, that which I have not approfession i. lie benefactors mankind. in 25 days after. the operation I washable to pointed!1' ta Young, J. II. Smith, IV M. Lyman, Geo. Teasdale, J. W. TayrOr .and M." W. Mer' - ' i" ' iVV.-- 1 . I j - P.-n- . - . Ik-Id'- s s tt -- . . 1 1 in-th- e , j - ! toi!.-.om- e ol'-- u . dedi-eatcr- y e "The - - ' " . - . 1 1 . . x - - I 1 1 1 . , ' 1 - 1 11 1 T . 1 - . 1 1 1 ii.t ! ) be-pow- erful -- - ! , sent-will., , by-ou- r . . . oldz-aclob- . ' . Psion; -- ;" - -- . .. ;. . - s j ; ; .!: A e . 