WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ,w&W'$w' ecious cli ild. unS' saw linn agam ' ) f t l. i earnest V n zeal to love ncie uc una nirMlTTZZ-lTxAit iht. keep hispersevering commandments more perfectly. fine this. We know that and self-dignity king,' able to interpret his tl reams and save Vet it has been propheM-ttih' time respect belong to the Deity. Did not our his father's, house in time t'yf famine. Such will come when we will be tneuny riches. Savior possess' the dignity whenHe refused' :ooa is benehcial to humanity is it not? is now sixty-siIt since the Church every offer the tempter offereft I.Um? Yet years I hen .another, the King Uavicl, when was organized; and our trials have been He gamed the victory by humility, even "by bat a boy tending his father's sheep. His numerous. Some are anxious to be tried fasting and ' brother reproving him said prayer, for forty days and by. riches,, butj. am not. I prefer-thWhydid pro ii.umuity you leave those "sheep to eome: to's'ee the who Said ''Give me" neither .i"gUs;.js,n)t-iphefs Our prayer, Savior said when you pray say our battle?" die replies, is therje not a cause, or riches, Ijiit send me work and 'Father in heaven; Accordingly we believe poverty and in speaking of- Goliah says "Shall he comfort me, lest I be poor and steal and take the.TJfeity to be our Father, yet he is angry defy the armies of the living Gcd?" Not if uic name oi my uon m yam, or be rich and with the wicked every day.. Does lit say he emild help It. And-he- lp it he did, as deny Thee, and who is the Lord. ' ' we snail not get angry? AO lie says "Be say well know. Is, not this food for thought you We find in Hook the of Mormon a profit-abl- e angry and sin not. w . . . V ,.1; r i us wnat and in iaiunuiness true Miuuuig lesson on this sul )iertIt i thr 1'iic. He then reiniires us' to be patient and -' tJ , teeritvU can do lor t u- mikc wo oi uie trust the event in Hisdiauds, .for He says ; iury .Nepmtes alter the resurrection "t i HI, J. HI I IK bU. of our Savior. These people had survived "Vengeance is mine, I will repay." Here This was the food I euioved in mv vnnth the destruction which took place here at the we see He re(juires us to be humble and and took pleasure in reading the scriptures; ; time of His crucifixion and felt to bless have confidence in His promises, teaching ana now since l Have heard the Gospel God for their deliverance. Only.' think of us, it is better to .suffer wroni',than to do us liuness, and accepted its message, and the joy they felt upon seenig .the.Saviur. wrong. Then as obedient children let us iiaw-ntiu id Hdiuuig, i nave greater joy whoseTIood had been shed for them remember we are not! to retaliate,' knowing in tlie precious book, because I can see He told .them who he was and blessed they will be rewarded according to their moret clearly and better understand our them, 'teaching them how to live to His works, but we are not' the ones to doit. Father's designs and purposes concerning honor and glory; they listened 'and obeyed, This is more food for thought. tne Human iamily; and I must say now the and their hearts rejoiced while keeping his I think we find (if I understand the tood seems better than aj. first. laws. Ves for three trenerations thev were scriptures correctly) that humility is the Do not we find thewritings of aU inspired Prospered and blessed and became rich. spirit of the Gospel and pride the spirit of men, both ancient and modern, food .for Anen in uie lounn generation tliey allowed the world; and since, we. canie here to learn thought; and after reading their history we Pre to lake possession of their minds. both is it not best to meet one at a time, to can notice lrom observation, the same n- - AU uie goou spirit leu inejn, ana envy. become properly acquainted? We find , hatred and malice proved their destruction." where'both meet in contest, it creates such especially m reaaing the use1 food Is not this for confusion that. we do not get acquainted and fall of nations; we find they rose when thought? Yo.u .will find this account in "the 30th with either properly. pursuing; an upright and honorable course, - We are, of the earth earthy, .aiid must book of Nephi, and on page 539 you find dealing righteously with, their fellow-mato this peobut fell when they took the opposite course. Jesus last know the. spirit of the world. Yet the (iSthdhap) ' . ple. this produced the opposite effect, you know. spirit of the Gospel will enable us to govern You will." Shall I ever forget the' joy I felt when I remember our Savior told his and control that of the world; as the poet found this latter dav work was exactly the disciples before his death saying "Woe be to same that Jesus taught; also the same or you when all the world speak well of you." "Govern your pai.ti.i v. iih abiiutc sway, Now in 66 the think we and I that saine gifts have And rov wiser and belter as life wears away." only ganization, years graces.' felt to exclaim, now could we be prepared lor passed tnrougn manv trials, and we are ..And .again ' since we are made in the the Millennium without it! I found it precious now divided b- - politics, which causes anI t. n Vlti' fVT- tVif fi'5;i-lan.? it r iu''v trt et urn pcrjple feel cojiifoi - image of God and have .t world ai larire are more greater or less extent, on,e wotiljl think we since inai ume, wnicn was 111: ttie year .eu11because me favorable towards the Mormons. .Well would naturally incline to the good spirit. 1842 I first heard the true and everlasting Yes are not little children naturally Gospel in Oneida Co., N. Y. In 1843 I shall We become proud because of this, or pure-an- truly good, so that our Savior blessed went to Nauvoo 111., and in 1S44: attended shall we not 'rather fear the tempter them? Yes indeed, yet how long does u the- weakness of our natures better the funeral of the Prophet and his'brother, than we know them ourselves, and is ever take to learn the oppositenvhen in company who were slain by the mob. with those whose whole soul is in the I previously thought if he were, slain, I ready to trip otfr feet and cause us to fall? 'world? not lonir. Then comes the strueIe But the precious jonlr of Mormon j 00 would lose my faith, but not so: I was much of to life of each those its give A spirits TTic tViOfi firl ti'At JTocnc0 Un r AXiO us a word oi comiort oil tins su oject saying efrmirror JL1 U1UU eivir . iiU Ulli lose and its value proper proper place.their lives in this cause, and these weaknesses were given us for a pur disiples wise parent to do this: one who a It takes etc. pose, for without them we would- not be manv nronhets .likt John the Baotist x t .t has met the"struggle himself, and has found humble.. This is new food for thought, and could we expect less? the rule of action, given by our Savior the It is now over fifty years,- I have not we find it ever so do we not? only true course to pursue. ;It mayvvell You know when pride and time or space to tell you of the various trials the true riches, because it makes we have passed throughin this, time "But get the 'best of us, we are not content to happy homes, (Jutifub children and loving listen to counsel but go on until we find our one' thing I will tell you Is: simply this; mistake-UieiTvparents. When we arrivq..at this state of humble are and again, try Ivordof the when we acknowledge the hand perfection, for such it isr then we can acwill and for encourage dignity to said 'he when in our trouble as Job did. knowledge the hand of God in all things care to with also to and us try. try again, as a chastise to not his Wife "Has He right orougnt us. to tins crisis; ana Mre-- 1 fall we lest caution and again Yes it as we when bless?" to well as accept meiiibeTthe words of Jesus who said If Such" is life, yet all things will work toa chastisement from God our Father, a will keep my laws as I kept my FatI for good to those who love God and you gether follo'ws and we prosper blessing always her's laws, you shall share with me in my I his His to called are purpose. according again. Now is not this f&od for. thought? -- .glory." Is not this food for' thought, and us. tells St. Paul the right kind of food? Much might be: Only think or the time oenr jonnston s sacred in y the taking up Again said upon this subject from, scripture stand- Army came to Utah,' expecting to fight; the in Section for find food I wisdom to defeat the army, writings us thought; Lord .' .point. . . . gave Ar1 t t t it and of Doctrine Verse Covenants, it Z ion's Convert, without a crop 01 Dioocisnea. ineji we 90, 17th otsh'alfled'iirdtheTran-'Tends ' be ' we were told we should .forgiven if would not hurt the army. Soon after they foundedbut be admonished in all your '' ' and pride; for it bringeth 'SPECIAL.- 'EXCURSION.'.', were called home "to fight in the rebellion of ' ' "Also "Set says the Southern States. Here their blood was a snare upon your souls. V TO CARD HT O N C A X ADA and 'slothfulness in houses order; the to South keep your Tohnstou shed Gen. belonged f May 1 8th, the Union Pacific will run a unclean ness far from you'.".. His return. side alter and joined that . no ff Tli tiia1 in tlif linn'c Tt. ; This we understand; We are not "fit for special excursion Salt Lake to Lethbridge r, nearest railroad point to Cards- den. He was saved but his enemies lost our Father's Kingdom unless we are pure, Canada, the for the round trip only 40.50. both' mentally and physically pure. -- We ton. Fare their lives as they intended he should. Tickets good returning 30 days. ;t ,i: Is not this food for thought; yes food must remember also that this Giaml t'-w- ' Vi : . - ! x : n e - ! . 1 ...... I. ! ' . - f..,,.,i - 4. " . ri , X J- J . -- -- u - suns-lo-aay- . n w-or- . ' " ' - - - ' - 1 1 : ' 1 t- i win-knows- - . 1il V, 1 V W ,3 C 1.1 - 1 2 -- - . - be-call- self-conce-it ed ' e - self-respe- ct I w-ni.c- . " . " to-da- ' " high-mindedne- - ! ss . - ' ' ' ";; ; thnsBe ' - . c high-minde- d- v". .'- : 