WOMAN'S 134 EXPONENT, 3. That organization, is the watchword thought during the last week, that the lis city, who said that he ''to6kviotti&aul knew of the hour and our primary object: that ters should humble them selves aaH gtx. foiU e remarks special aueuiion miouiu ,oe given during We won't. our "young people, r two weeks, bulg the coming year to the Territories of Arizona : h rgva Hvevih-raxtmTna-n'obhng virtue taught here D. Oklahoma and New Mexico before their me sisiers 10 visii me JuegrsiaLure, anu snow ing Doxolbgy. Benediction Lydia admission " to statehood; and that we will them that we. appreciate their labors-ii- i our in support of the constitutional I I). Aldkk, Sec. pro tern. behalf. "I have been astonished. to hear amendments now pending, in Idaho, Cali-- . such falsehoods as have been set afloat. forniaand Nevada. , Judging each other, and many other, things. AND RECEPTION WEDDING we' . Thus Have we any right to judge each other? petition Congress and 4. SUFFRAGE.. Did not the Savior say; 'Tudee. not that ye Legislatures to secure to the women of this Nation by every form -- of appropriate legisbe not judged?" Spoke of her .recent ' . lation the full rights of citizenship guaran Patriarchal blessing, in which she said, she Editor 'Expatent: was told that the I;rnng One would hurl Tiik Suffrage Society of this place is still teed them under the U. S. Constitution.' his shaft at her. Which had surely come to in a flourishing condition, most interesting 5. That we hereby pledge lo thenvomen pass. Prayed that the Spirit might rest in and instructive meetings being held month- of the District of Columbia our hearty sup to represent and protect . great power on the sisters. ly which are well attended, and now that port in their efforts ' ..Sister 'Barnes bore her testimony and the main object in the organization of the. their own interests by the ballot. , 6. Tlrat we congratulate the women of made a few remarks, also 'said ""I always' society has been obtained, the officers exthought the Lord chastisetl those whom he pect to map out 'a systematic educational Kentucky upotrhaving recently secured the loved. I often wonder why I had to bear course to be. pursued the following year. election of four women and four men upon so much, " but felt assured that the Lord A.Grand Wedding reception was given the municipal Poara 01 eaucanon in tne ioved her. under the auspices of the society on the city ot Lexington. of all Counselor E. J. Stevenson, said the time 22ud tilt., the honored parties being Joseph 7.; That we seek the The counsel of Sister F. McGregor and Isabella Durham, both, organizations of men and women, for the was so precious. "I pray God to hasten members of the society, who were married promotion of political equality irrespective Horne was good the day when righteousness will prevail at Manti on the 14 ult. The Seminary of sex. 8. That this Association is Over all the earth. Our children are too Rooms were procured and decorated in much indulged; let us be honest and truthful. yellow and white, the decorations being being composed of persons of all, shades of Let us examine our own souls, and see if most artistic and tasteful. Bunting, appro religious opinions', and that it has no official "Woman's we speak against the Lord's anointed. priate mottoes and pictures covered the connection with the Who are the Lord's anointed? It is not walls. One large motto painted especially Bible," or any- theological publication. ' That we commend the actions of the Naonly the Priesthood but even' one who ,has forrthe occasion on yellow cloth, bore the been anointed." inscription, Joy and Peace while in the tional Purity Association in endeavoring to A sister in the congregation said her huscenter was-- a large bell representing- the secure better protection for the youth. of band was on a mission and she must be wedding bell. : Under, this motto were our land. j firm to conviction. careful, she felt to stand 11. That we demand State and National arranged seats for the bride and groom and the knew She Gospel was true. Prayed for their parents. At the appointed hour, the legislation that mothers shall have equal to fast in the same. stand strength custody and control with lathers over their people having assembled in the north-eas- t Sister Hannah Conklin bore her testimony, rooms, the bride and groom introduced each minor children. and spoke of the healing power that is one separately into the vsouth room, con 13. . That the frightful massacre perpeamong us. ciliations and blessings' being showered trated by the authorities of" Turkey upon Counselor Annie T. Hyde spoke of some upon the young couple in the mean time. their unarmed and defenseless Armenian An orchestra discoursed sweet music all subjects, and the systematic policy of exbills before the Legislature, ?nd their interest in the cause of women. 7"There is a bill this time which added to the pleasure of the termination of Christians throughout Asia- before that body now which will effect our occasion, and after all were comfortably Minor, calls for the intervention of united "silk interest, and I hope some of the sisters seated a very interesting program was Christendom, and we appeal" to Congress to-will make it .a: business to attend some of carried out, consisting of songs instrument- - take prompt and effective measures for stop- .al music, speeches sentiments etc. The roll ping these intolerable barbarities. the sessions." Sister Rollinson, spoke of being healed' of the society was called, the majority re14, That we heartily sympathize with sponding with appropriate and well chosen the men and women of Cuba in their strugby the power of God. Counselor Clara Camion, glad to hear the sentiments. At the close of these exercises gle for independence, and with all oppressed good instructions given here to day by the a delicious repast served, in yellow and peoples who are trying to secure political white was partaken of, and apparently en- many testimonies. that are . given, we can " r The receotion was a grand7 15. ""That we " request - the- - E xecu tive: power ofGodisTtithTis as ioyed by-amuch as ever it was. Spoke of her little success from beginning to end' for which Committee to petition the City Council of daughter being healed. "It is necessary to much credit is due to our worthy president Philadelphia to assign to the Nationalteach our children faith, I feel strengthened Mrs. E. Crane Watson, who with her aids American and Pennsylvania and Ph'laby the testimonies borne. Let us cultivate spared no means nor labor to make the delphia Woman Suffrage"" Association the affair a success. A party was given in the use of a room in old independence Hall, on the spiritual gifts more. " " Sister J. C. --Tib we. Teach the children eveningand thus closed a day long to be the ground that we are seeking tCLCarry out to be obedient, and that they must make remembered by our society. The eroom the principles for which our fathers and mothers suffered and died. sacrifices. Our Savior taught his disciples, Joseph P. McGregor, .starts for the Southern States next 16. Tnat a page of the forthcoming rethere to perform a and toJd them to teach tlie multituder:hov month, they must pray continually to escape Satan. mission." We all wish him "God Speed." port of this annual meetiug'be specially to memorial tablets of illustrious. Let us sustain and build up the church and .Julia Lymax?-Parowan March, 14, 1896. members who have passed away during the kingdom of God I want to encourage the 'e7vs it'v-iosj- . . .rrrassirjg ' ' ", , co-opera- te - , . j ' - - . ... . . . , co-operati- on , , non-sectaria- n, . so-call- ed - " - " . . . -- . - . , ' . . self-governme- see-that-t- he ll -- -- A. de-Vote- ' -- '. sisters to bear testimony. Spoke of a man who had passed from, earth, who was not among me sainis, uiu among ine non orable men ot the earth,, bpoke of those who died. .without the Gospel and were among the honorable men of the earth. Sister Lawson spoke of prayer, as manifested in her own home, and acknowledged the goodness of Goa to her. Several other sisters bore testimony to the healing power in the church and related experiences. Sister Sarah Phelps always felt glad to bear testimony of the truth of this work. Spoke of a dream she had concerning an angel passing through the streets of this , 'd " year 1895. That we thank the newspapers of AVashhigtonandpiVthe country for the space devoted to the proceedinglPorthis " 17. RESOLUTIONS. The National American Woman Suffrage Convention. ' - : : Association, inAunual Convention assembled, hereby declares and affirms: j" Mrs, A . C, Raymon d . has been elected 1. That we demand suffrage' for all Town Clerk of Stowe, Vt. citizens of the; United States, women and :;Ti!E Wcman's Club of Omaha, Neb., conditions attainable men, will get out the Easter edition of the Omaha by all, as a right and not a privilege, under v. a government professedly based upon the Enterprise. consent of the governed. France has just11 passed a married wo- ut--it .1... t 2 That we rejoice in the admission, x)f Utah as a third woman suffrage State. their own earnings. ; - : le upon-reasonab- . ' . -- -:- 