t IT . WOMAN'S KXPJULNKX(JM" .()ii-a.iuis- to n -- Ort-atJJritaui.ai took' charge of RMMRUXR H'RJ.s; '.I. the at t .not ' , r Uf.He-(laughte- thtfaii;U.criKijK' ' the plains, asisted by such help in domest'C cares as could be furnished' by Jhose who Editor. . nidi tlitv frozen dead Whnm e.nth Jn the Vnr!. wedav, .CvWJnK'-thhirers sfftly lfefeiv-."- : "iliDii 'Spcneci, Klder Oi.soji Simmer was called EXPONEN'I WOM AN'S V- - And the ninM.rners kneel .md pray; ''Worn thy sWihlance dumh and stark, The soul has taken itsllighl (.)tit of the finite dark, Into the Infinite light.." were like herelf journeying towards the Published in Salt Uike City, Utah. Salt Lake. Heic she of eat valley Terms: one copy ons year, f.oo; one copy mx months, fulfilled the .same duties until the .return of 50 cts. No reduction maMe for clubs. City her father from his mission to Kurope. one year, 25 ct. by mail, extra lor In March 1.850. Mi: s Spencer was united Advertising rates: Kach squrue, ten lines o JUrtE'lIfU..WOMAN'S DAY AT SALTAIR. disV liberal coace one time, I2.50; per month, I3 00. a very I Clawson to in Hiram marriage r ' 1...11 'spurn - in rcg'iur. advertisers.. 1. ,, 'Mmrr tvmit iinti ir lf.llf Unnmr 1,H.LMT """ in S.i Lake at in. i fV.mlllll Tin: Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake dm., on,! clt... tiii wll known here ami tng, Main Street, opposite Z.C.'M, I. Uusincss hours from and the Women of the State arranged for an 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. elsewhere in mercantile and business affairs, excursion to Saltair on Tuesday, August Address all business communications to lie has been for several years past bishop The affair was in the handsof a coin I'UBUSHKR WOMAN'S EXI'ONKNT, of the Twelfth ward of this city. Mrs. jo. niittee of women repiesented by Mrs. M." I. Salt Lake City, Utah. Clawson has been the mother of fourteen I Ionic, President of the Relief Society ol Rnttrtd at the Pat 'Office in Salt Lake City, L'tih,at children, nine' of whom aie still living, and Salt Lake Stake, and Mrs. K. 1L Wells Prewas. She numerous has she t(0ii'CUit matjgr. grandchildren. of the State Suffrage Association' The almost idolized by her own family, .which' sident even though the when one considers day was not very satisfactory at be wondered cannot v. m i: k well advertised, of Madrid was Salt L akk City S rr f i, iSo. ' ho w particularly unselfish, her w hole He- Carnival who had intended lms been,- - Althuiigh extreirielyTlifiTdent in anil consequently many the ladiesdid not attend how all public afiairs, yet because of.her intense to patronize was tjuitc a gathering KLLKNClUmSSlM'NClUl CLAWSON. devotion, to her religion, she accepted a ever there : ... e .1 r . . .. a rauu-- pica aim k pr.,.. into her prominence ,xlsilion that brought Iris very painful to be called to part n xvonien-- s organizations. .' In April. .S7y, .. tftough one oi the t ,sm,Kmshed gentlemen with those we have known and loved so she was elected to, preside over the Primary WHO Wiis c.eeieii u rpvutv ui:jjivhih.u many years, and with whom we have lx.en Association in the Twelfth ward, and June the audience by his absence, Judge W. IL The exercises commenced at 5 p. closely associated in our life and labor. 19, 1880, she was called and set apart at a King. The ulster whose demise-- we now record Conference, held in tjie Assembly Hall in m. General John O. Cannon acting as Master of Ceremonies, called the assembly was a dear friend of days, and her this city,' to preside over the Primary Assodeath calls up many reminiscences cud ciation in the Salt Lake Stake. This of to order amUauiioiiuced prayer by Sister of the past. A true and sincere fice- she has filled with honor and to the Zinal)..II. V'Ming. who then olTered an friend'at all times aid in all places was entire satisfaction of all interested, parties eloquent prayer, and next came the Pream- Sister ICIlen C. Clawson; her k has been a ever since, Mie naa a in mis ble and Sentiments by ladKs in diflerent particular gin noble example from her childh(xd until her direct;on, and with her Counselors has parts of the state, a part of which were spirit took its flight from earth to a brighter traveled in this Stake, orgauizingand en- read by General Cannon in a clear distinct realm. Her last, moments, just previous to followed by the Governor whose couraging the labors of the sisters and the voice, her departure, were singularly calm and advancement or tlie cniluren as mucn as to the women of.the state are given. -j)eaceful.-- One of her daughters remarked possible for sixteen years. She is "greatly here. to the writer that she was (paite sure her ueioveu uy uie cnuuren an tnrougn mis TRK AMliJ.I-mother had an escort to accompany her to vStake of Zion, and wherever .she is known. the spirit woild. Mrs. KllenC. Clawson was a member of-In all the years past since" the pioneers enter Sif.ter Clawson death uccuued Aug. "the ltea'is Cirrlrfnnn its flisL uiganizaiioii ed tins then barren, desert valley, years full 896. Her husband and all her children were and a attendant until her delicate ' of startling episodes and thiilling incidents, regular gathered around her bedside, where she lay' health prevented, but came occasionally woman, has fulfilled her part of the pro-- , perfectly conscious and, rs ever during her since her first serious illness, always indeed r gramme equally with man, and has life, thoughtful of every" one but herself. she felt able. To the writer she ed the noble example of the heroic oilirrim Her faculties of mind were bright and active often New Kngland, in bearing the spoke of her interest in the club work mothers-ountil the last when her "beautiful gentle Und her desire to keep in touch with the burdens and sharing the toil of the men spirit departed froin this world to join the topics of the times, and to make such adwho have made the "desert blossom as the i n n U mera'ble hosts of Saints who have 11 h'nf would better rose," and after many years of patient vancemenralono; gone before. to do her to and endurance have at last suc"qualify gooi all humanity; In Sister Clawson was of New Kngland the best sense1 of the word Sister Clawson struggle ceeded in establishing a great ' commonHer Daniel Spencwas a true- philanthropist and possessed that wealth, ranking equal; with other - states in parentage. grandfather, .. er served m tne Revolutionary war; her sweet charity "that thinketh no evil this free Republic, aud in one respect father Orson Spencer, was college bred and Looking over the large list ;of names of surpassing all. except Wyoming and Colo distinguished for his Vholarly attainments. members of the Reapers Club, we find that rado, in according to women equal suffrage He was. a, Baptist minister.prior to his be Kllen C. Clawson is the first one whose wKh men. Thus has a new; era up coming a Latter-daSaint.XHer mother. death has .caused a vacancy, out of about for woman. She has now enteredopened . ... into her "... ". oi J'untan de- - sixty names that have beeji enrolled since laud of auiennLuriis, promise; the eyes ofthe world are turna seem, as cmid and a young gijl Miss it was first, organized, Oct. 3, 1802. ed hither to see what the women of Utah will Spencer endeared herself to a host ofung Her loss will be deeply felt in the do with this boasted right, the ballot. .We to whom .she has always been people she has labored so faithfully, as must not disappoint our friends or gratify strongly attached, though inany of them well! a? by her own particular friends and. our our indifference or neglect, epponeut iby have passed on before her. She was bapThe. writ.-- herself feels deeply the but show our true patriotism in this family. hour tized at nine years of age in the Mississippi loss of her society and friendship, but fully of our country 's greatest need. We should u tlie lime-o- f the exo- realizes that her jMver.ii tauvoo. her pure prove worthy the sublime confidence re-- ; dus from Illinois, her mother who had life, her to the Gospel, have enposed in us by those valiant-menwho never been accustomed to any hardships titled herintegrity to the exaltation for which she" championed our cause in the memorable (until paving her home in the Mast) was lived aifd sacrificed, and that her now is Constitutional Convention of 1895. joy "taken sick and died a martyr to the cruel beyond expression. Jesussaid 'It hath not We too strongly urge upon wopersecutions of j the Saints. The eldest entered into the heart of rian to conceive men cannot VOterS the crave rps;nrmfhilitv daughter immediately, assumed the duties the glory Our Father hath in store for them j devolving upon them in the present condi-- j of a little mother to th rhA that love him." tion of affairs in our state and nation, and hoUSellOld:' aiul nil tlirinrrh . . 1.1 UWl lUUMJIIie ,1 ",uuft", Tmrnf,, ' iuoum. an oe reconciled entreat them to come proudly forward and t:. icurnev to the enmnm,mnf UI1' ' when one of our . . number demrU wW v,oc .take nnrt in thp ctmo-frln w uv.- River (now r;ui , riorence she faith fn lv .1. ,7' K g agitated, by casting" their votes and us- kCpt tIie la,th "g H performet hh duty for herTather and the she has worked out for, herself '.a mg' their. utmost influence to maintain the knowing little ones. About six motdhs'ift r the death of Mrs. ' Ia,r mo,e excetdlIr and; eternal weight of principles of justice, freedom and liberty, our noble inlieritanceTrpm our revered fi)re! glory,': in the celestial kingdom. semi-monthl- the-Gr- y, . papers-delivere- post-age- - - ' J". - 1 . 1- 111 V -- - v. - 1 good-size- " ' d o 1 , ' , bye-gon- u, . e ex-pcrienc- es - ; : I re-mar- ks - ... ! . ; ' l -- j. 1 , : emulat-Wheneve- . f i - -- 1 .. . - i - y . ' commu-nitywher- e . ! r j ' j lovely-ajharacte- r,- ; - 4 4 11 1 - 1 v i : i ' ( ir....i s -- 1 ( r; rr u"Htul , 