WOMAN'S EX TONE NT,. Is M - S a, ... fnt 1A " ." : the work of the club for t 'lKe cmhtiear. At the close of Mrs. La s I) eai Si Itt Bartbe's speech the invited ladies .went for-- j According to previous appointment a Jew ward, to shake hands with MTs. Allen and dainty sisters, thirteen in number, met at .the S welcome her home and partake-o- f com.sweet amid to residence of Sister Howd Autf. 24, 'refreshments served by ladies, fort and cheer her in her affliction. You strains of music I).. I. S have heard, perhaps, how she met with an accident on June 7, which laid .her upon a bed of sickness and deprived her of the use of her right limb. She has now" so far reOIKHIT WOMEN TO WANT TO covered as to be able to sit up, but cannot VOTIv? use her limb to walk. The sisters surprised her completely, and she felt pleased and HV KAC1IKL FOSTKK 'A VICKY. her. of By grateful. that we had thought In a republican form of government the a little held we request of Sister Howd vote means the power to control the condi- meeting, Sister K. W. ! ought not' tne motiieis ot Opened "by iriging'and'prayerrafter which lions of living; Have all the sisters expressed themselves as the land to be interested in this? worth the counting as to happy and thankful in meeting with Sister - they not opinions the tnditionsvonilrnientalandphysical, ,UoWd and -- seeing her so far- - recovered. Sister" Howd. testified that it was only under which their children shall grow to through the power of God and the prayers manhood and womanhood, or struggling of the faithful brethren 'arid sisters that she against which they shall fill an early grave? exWhen m this great nation (great-ihad been restored thus far, and she felt that He would continue to bless her until she' tent,. in '.wealth and in number,) we know there are public schools iu which one leacher could walk. Sister Tyler said whomsoever is supposed to instruct (?) over one hundred the I,ord loveth He chasteneth, and afflictions cause us to draw near to bur heavenly little children at each session; when in suuie of our cities there are thousands of children leather. At the close of the meeting a bounteous uiiable even to gain admission to our public picnic was served in on adjoining room. schools; when the death rate in certain porSister He wd was carried in her chair and tions of New .York City among its teneplaced at the head of the table, and all had ments is six tiiues the average of the city iu general- - ought not the women of the naa feast of good things as they had previous-.l- y tion to wish fervently for the power to help enjoyed a feast of the Holy Spirit. A sweet and heavenly influence prevaded the best men in their struggle to bring during all the proceedings, and we left about, a better condition of things? With all our boasts "concerning, our great Sister Howd feeling much better. It is the intention to visit in a similar manner, other and grand Republic, we have an oligarchy sisters who are confined to their homes, as of sex under which we enjoy mismanaged we cannot honor too much these aged ones municipalities, states in which the office who, having spent their lives in humbly. holders seem to regard thp ffvrrmtmtf- siuihg God, aie now diawing close to the as their own peculiar prey, and a national other side. government apparently incapable of coping ' in sister the with the gitat crying needs of our people. Gospel, Respectfully ycur E. W. Jonks. Women haw 'opinions worth considering on '' all these conditions. I am safe" Bf.aylvK, Aug. 31, ibo6. in saying there is not a woman in a hundred 111 these days,, who has not an opinion upon RECEPTION TO THE EADIES the issues which will be voted upon in No- iiig" and ' t 1 i e i h we e t - offering f . i Tyli:r-'presiding- . ! 1 WatkrUy, aof.Chip- - Mrs. ILvrriE notary ley, ' Florida, has been appointed Governor at large, by public for the State she can other Mitchell. Among legal acts ' perform the marriage ceremony. Miss .Makv Auigaiv Hodgk, better known under her pen name of Gail Hamilton, died of paralysis, Aug. 17, at her home in Hamilton" Mas- s- nged 66 years. She was one of the wittiest and most forcible xvriters of her day, .and has made her mark Her in politics, religion and philanthropy. publBhe'd works consist principally of c of fugitive writings called put by' passing events, of which she vas a ; close critic. She: took for a observer and ke-pen. name the. last syllable of Abigait'and, with the name of her birthplace, HamiltcTn, formed the pxeudony in "Gail Hamilton." n . i I . I j n -- : Some interesting details' are giveFfirtlie, Australasian Kci icu ef Reviews concerning the recent general election iu South 3ais-- . tralia. The occaioni was the first time that women have exeicied the franchise, and if any doubt existed as to whether women themselves desired to be clothed with functions of a complee citizenship, the ballot boxes were a final answer to that doubt. The rolls included 77,494 male adults and VJ.066 women voters: the act" of votintr for South Australian women, was .of course new and strange, yet the voted in solid battalions, and, as.the miJl number of informal voles showed, with signal intelligence; and the percentage of voting among women voters Was quite as high as that of the stronger .sex. I he women of bouth Australia, in a word, take the franchise ,. quite 'seriously.-Ex- . ' -- Diraiis . J. rid ay, the. nth of September, all members of eltibs belonging to the Utah Eederation were invited to the opening day of the exercisesLadies 1 " Literary Club, and to an informal reception tendered Mrs. Corinne M. Allen, the retiring president of the club. The large'room on the second floor of the Executive Building was beautifully decorated for the occasion with trailing vines 'and autumn flowers. bright-hueMrs. Allen, who is the- wife of Representative C. E. Allen, spent last winter at the national capital 'and while there she jvislted a number j&f:iwplitaii!s ..clubs and she - thinks ours compare favorably, with any of them, though of course they have the advantage of us inx being so located as to get items of interest almost if not quite as soon as the newspapers, xAs far. as the Federation is concerhe'dve arc in advance only twelve out. of a possible fifty are' members of the District Federation, while in Utah every club of any size or influence has joined the On I4' : ' d - vember; "chary of expressing their opinions;, I believe they will compare favorably with the opinions of men as to common seiise and information, yet many of these same women would think it unworthy to express an opinion by casting a ballot which .would crystallize it into law! There has never been a time in all our history when' the American Republic so much needed the hclp-oall who are interested in the perpetuity of this nation; women as a part of the nation ought' to feel themselves bound to give their best thought and work to its support, yet only in and Utah will the vote of women be cast in November to belp decide the policy of our government during the next four years. Kw -n- or-arethey f yo-miugCDlorado & Utah Federation. , After Mrs. Allen's report Mrs. La Barthe, the new president-wa- s conducted to the - . chair; she was greeted with prolonged ap plause and iit its close made a most eloquent The September "Godey's" has an inter, . esting article on Anna Ella Carroll proving the fact already acknowledged by committees of Congress, that she; was' the author of the plan that saved the Union. Mrs. Mary A. 'Davis of North Sutton, N-H., is chairman of;the school board' in her town. 'She is also, it is said,;tHe sec. ond woman appointed notary publican New Hampshire. V , !?'f ';r:. 'S-JS---' suijpjv PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON. Instructor in ht? Sohool of Oh- - - .men-made- LITER-ARVCIiUB- it. stetries nnd Xvarisin. The winter on opens Oct. 12, 1896, with greatly improved facihties for education in this important branch of s;udy. Reduced prices to societies. For further information communicate with Ellis R. Sh:pp M. D.75 Center St. Salt Lake City. Telephone 55? sess-- ; CLASS IN MIDWIFERY fill RUMANIA 11 PK AT f will coimnence cIa-- 5 hi Liidu ifr3;. October 7, 1 89(5. Several sitnati..r- - iti siiiall families for board. Special term- - to ?tudcnt Mrnt by the Relief irticnlars please Sfeiety: For fE:rthi-- r with ;.. '. Peatt '22h Conv.it ution Bldjr., Main Street, tiie Avinter com-wiinica- te R.K. THOMAS : Removtd lo 4S anl50 iliinSt SALT liAKE CITY. mt Liw w- mm ' Leading Jtetail Cash onse. OM&S 