,ltir old; parents thirty '.seven years ago; ton Vod, West Jordan, Center,.; Sandy, j - Bunker ville. llie braces on our carnage '.,$:., procuring some relic. we dVovcWir j :.Mill Creek, South in .Wood, left the and us broke Draper, river; ilr ,,ld .'familiar hill ;.Jhat I ;u:d't6travel Rlrim ouristeemed friend and night to. 'schook.lla: Adcij$T carried out, and !fj$ ho'v'e is almost- - what my fanev miiwol r Inrne was grcuHSXTanded on terra firma. The. brethren had pleased anji 'encouraged with, the report to get' into the water which was anything i place to a modern brick 'structure. which had been given and encouraged the but agreeable .We trot the vehicle fixed sisters to be constant and attentive in per-:!' so it took us to Bunkerville: where, we Were ' , to hildhoxlr The old strongly n. iuuiinig ineir laoors. kindly entertained by Bishop Bunker and and its Ver.le'y, chapel' country grave yard, Counselor' Jane S; Richards spoke at family.-'wheld a Primary meeting, here the resting place of two of' my brothso.rrc length upon the .of we met a nice lot of children. In the even-niadvantage grat and my grand parents' many other the work accomplished through our society, el the reorganisation of the Relief Society ' '. riVives'iiixt engaged my attention. there 'were, very few who are so. infirm but was effected and'We put them in a positiTTn Ar.er a week full crowded with "renewed that they can do some good to- othersas to do business the same as the other as-- returned here Via, Cedar Grayed well as the improvement we need ior our- - , sociations. " -au- selves. T he Lord will" strengthen us if we The 24th, Sunday, we met with the sabWltn'nlirUitapi.u.aiA.u .1iiluw " It etc. liiuian on will ly endeavor to serve hi m and perform bath school and found the young people grave yaru,,uie ground joining ..M.-- li imimpd mv childish rn'rirwif ? mrl that .work; which is .exacted of us in ad- quite progressive, the afternoon, meeting bn night many remembrances of the past. to the comfort and consolation was well attended, a good spirit prevailed, ministering distressed afflicted and those who are cast at the close we met with the. Relief Society, unpleasant- that I have not been able to "down. and we felt well to meet with the sisters , President" M. A. liyde said, "we have here and talk over their interests. They vjvit as much as might have desired. been very highly favored hi being here is., ri. ijol.w. own a lot . containing an almond orchard he:ar such words of love- and enand something" over a ay-to also a Ot'ranarv. J We adv,ised courage ment. I fi nd the same spirit of hundred bushels of wheat. R. S. RKPORTS. union among the sisters' of our society them to make what improvements they wherever I gO. Yet while - we are enjoycould, and turn their almonds into grain, that and store it sgaiust the time of need, as SALT LAKE STAKIv; ing this spirit, we should not forget, there are many. influences here in Zion, and tliit tiTi icciirl miniiur tVinttln nronht The regular quarterly Conference of the have a watch for care over our sons and have spoken. ofThe 25thuve started ' Salt Lake Stake Relief Society was held daughters; and try to keep tljem pure and the Muddyhere we got a spring wagon I) c. 14th, in the Fourteenth 'Ward Asfrom Father Bunker, left our carriage to be "spotless from the srns of the world."sembly Rooms, President M. I. Home preSister K. B. Wells said. "I trust we all fixed, traveling down the river some disCenof stand on the the Present siding. feel and realize theereat blessings we have; tance, turning to the right we ascended a tral : Board, President Z. D II. "Young; this is a time when we need to be prayerful hill, and traveled over a very barren o C r oi-I''iHiclii)n 1,.,.3 Tswi vJ. rt u.iiu. iviv.iiaiia.T 'L.OUUSeivJi famous jaiit that we may perform the important duties country. We "next came ' W. Smith: K. B. Wells, Sec'., and Hlmina S.. which devolve upon us, wedo need the Yirgen hill, we recognized the hand of the A. Ann and I. Y. h. Prest. Mary Tavlon in the river of the Lord to guideus under alPeir-- cu -- Lord in our carriage-breakispirit in Relief of the President Society Ilvde all the sisters instead of this hill, as it would have leeu instances'. How commenced by Stake. Meeting Sanpete e of this stake today to partake of sure death to some of our party; it looks as hv nf nrnver .;.wT;.,rr "L'pilcpmpr - Tsmel , J J J AVVV... received, for if the country had been burnt all over, the blessings that have-be- en Silllll, Clara. C. Cannon; continued singing,--' fO would be better prepared to go on there is nothing living or growing on it but they' back-mRoll dear." me Prophet some Joshaways, that look like sentinels give with'theirrwork. e branches forty-on" represented. called, with their arms stretched out. r President Home made a few closing reMiniites of the morning session of the prey-- ; marks and About eight o'clock we arrived at St. the secretaries to be urged iuiis conference read and approved. President six months reports Joseph and were entertained by Brother in sending-the- ir prompt see so many in after Dec. 31st. Home was more than pleased to Huntsman and family, .who had . ayeryT . i,rWpti"t ntul so rnanv societies'represented, tluee muntrrsr sick chilcL Confei enee adjtmrncd-f- oi to be; tmt nllmvonr.selves o1,ii11 iiWW OI1UU1U closed by singing, "Praise to the On the 26th, we met with the people of Meeting in and to our duties, in Counattending negligent man who communed" etc. Prayer by this settlement and organized a Relief cider to have wisdom and judgment we selor Annie T. Hyde. and Primary. Sister Juie enterSociety insuch receive should come" together and A. Caine, Sec. tained the children with the exercises, she Margaret to time us to struction as should come' froiji has the happy faculty of creating an interthe that should seef time. The presidents ST. GEORGE STAKE. est in them that js pleasing. At Overton are missionaries teachers . who are really on the 26th, the missionaries held a meetnrr irT r, Wdls: their ,5 Sister Dca ii in r performing prompt - and faithful 111' 111 tne aueinouu vuar iuc jjcupic wucu trosin c1mn1rl' lndulee never tv.ox' ,hoc. McDonald and myself left St. a reorganization of the Relief Society was Sister Juie as in others it y sij), 'and always discourage effected. In the evening we met. witn tne on the 22nd, of November, in George all is doing Well as the spirit of with Bishop George F. Jarvis and primary at , Sister Johnson's house, she let and a had peace: very they cati to bring harmony president of the association, we Samuel Miles, who were going as we that more may. found us be hutnble and prayerful boys interesting time, here we to Buukerville, also the settleGos- of the rare a is and occurrence, This retain the spirit blessings ments on the Muddy we were in the in- than girls. his with us honored presence terest of the Relief Society, Y. L. M. I. A. Bishop Jones waras clillerent we the of which Verbal reports appreciated. and Primary Associations. It is the first at this meeting, we continued third, our journey second, were then called for; first, On the 27th, have visited this part of the stake, we time fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth, it is a hard road, and few chances Co get to St. Thomas, .where we met with "the n ih twelfth. thirteenth, Apnth snowed the day we left St. people, and organized a Relief Society, It there were The associations. eighteenth and North Jordan Wards but we did not suffer, as we went Mutual and Primary to have : these,- orGeorge, order. re ported as being in excellent working for it; we; traveled down the river people seemed pleased prepared ; Uer- Ii). Pixton made some "very encourag-iabout two miles the ganizations, and we trust they will be alive Kraners Albert to' - remarks, and urged the sisters to warn other side of the Beaver Dams; here we tn their duties. Wc know there is a blessr ' tt . ncic wc luuuui ii -our ti nftpr flip ?vnun?. and were-ma-de diity in "welcome by doing mg very unwR cjictr Trvji Bunker verv sick,' she was a them from the many evils that dre aud family. There are. about six wAtjV'W. rock schoo very estimable young woman. I think she " V Ollg. US. families, they have a good for a good school liad only been married to Brother John Meeting closed by singing Doxology; house and every facility, er Bunker about "two months, she is a iTciriuccessfuliy-tanghtrbCharltnyer President3L-I-Horne-convened at 2. p. in, Luke Syphus of PanAfternoon session This is a thrifty settlement and a daughter of Brother Miles to make a living. acea; she died a fewT day s after we were there, cUmenced by singing, "O ye mountains how know that People corner of Arizona. We feel to sympathize with the bereaved west hi,;h.'-north tbe' in Prayer by Sister Webb. Stngmg, is It Bunker-ville ones in this! affliction; we spent the night 'o say what "is truth." Minutes of the 23rd of Nov., we left. for the On who auernoon session of the, previous conferthe Rio Yirgen River a reat with Brother Whitney and family, crossing ence read and approved. .The. Riverton, When we were neanng made us very welcome. . number of times. tot-unite, Pleasant Green, Union, Big : G-Uo- u . . A jcif nv-uhv- . j . i wi-.'.- g ', -- ; - nu-.nories- --- 1 W """"; ; - -- y - . I- - -- tod- - 9 -- . . . - , . T t-- to-th- e. ng were--her- . . f . W I ; V. ; , . -- , . . com-pan- fault-finding, mis-onari- es : . , -- - - -- : ; " pr-t- ect - -- ; br ' ri ; ; 