WOMAS IK-,-- ; ration of IjidecilH ncvtxiiI all ;tbe j.r,,; some KXPONKNT i ofjhv iiiy nlutiihtv m - the new 01 "self 'among, .the states '.that guarantee to all, . within her borders, with- - ; sair , eiality .Weir in, liiv address did not out distinction" of pohtiU sex, thus prwlaimiu'g to fellow the world that the children of UtaivshatUbeT ' ' ?v 4"V ;we are proiui' to .record his born of free' mothers' ' good word, on this subject. The example of Utah must helt'6 Hasten 'a.a Vfl:tncc with the act resaid ''Moderation" and wisdom acquired,, in a the day of 'the general enfranchisement of autlioritv.thcreof, announce the result hard school are often the 1110 t valuable women, and that .happy da'y when intelli.be- as. so certified, and do of mti icclimi-'tof of innations, states and of. passions. gence and mWaiity shall altogether, disjitrrny declare an .proclaim that the terms dividuals.' Let us, fellow citizens, profit bv place brute force," ignorance and intrigue in aw! conditions prescTihad by the Congress of the past and prove of the trust re the government' of our beloveds-country- . tatesr to'ehtitle the State of 'the United in us. And when I say "fellow citi- posed Hoping that your high office as the first. Utah to admission into the Union have been! yens-'it remembered that from this time Governor of the new State may bring honor u auu l" uie creation n,rth the term" includes auh tunM the women "to your name, and that the commonwealth admission into the. ns .A:" 0: said State and ," e r, tl n... under our control increased-' v of prosperity, Utah to vote and hold office shall not be " . I am, cordially ,r fx testimony whereof I Imve hereunto denied or abridged on account of sex. dlAKkiirr J. BorTKix. set my 'hand and caused the seal of the Roth male and female citizens of the State r1 United-Stateto be affixed. shall enjoy equally all civil political and re. . TO 'MRS. WKI.I'.S.-Seal-- ) Done at the city ligious rights and privileges." '.this 4th day of January, iu the year, of our In behalf of the male electors of the State, , Detroit, Jan. S, 1896. Lord, 1.S9),. and.' of the independence of the I now extend the hand 'of greeting to the Mrs. Emmeline H. Wells, Salt Lake City: - United States of America the :120th-; qualified female voters and Welcome thein Dear Madame The women of the Equal v GkOVKR ClKVKLANP. to the" full- rights and privilege's of citizenSuffrage Association, of the Independent Jiy .the PresidentRiCHAkD Oi.nky. ship. It seems to me they are to be especiWomen 'Voters' Association, and of the ' Secretary of State. ally congratulated" because tliere is no Temperance Unions of this city, celebrated of their conon the but rights; on Jan. 7 the admission of Utah' into the At the' conclusion the cheers were almost enter upon the domain of the galaxy of trary, they ' really free states. We rejoiced deafening. citizen under as free Statehood that Statehood brought political freedom to Mr. Rawdins turned to Mr. Wells and .Their has .been sovereigns., waiting the 'women as well, as the men of Utah, and said, "and now. I have the honor to present "and Their all . the is long patient. triumph we predict for a State entering the Union you, Heber M. , Wells the first Governor of more the May complete pure, ennobling under such happy auspices, such prosperity Utah, the "pen.', which 'was used by the iuffiience which they impart to the hearths as it richly deserves. To the -- women of President of the United States; ten 'minutes before the hour of midnight, July 16, KS94, and homes of. Utah be felt in the exercise of Utah we look for such dignity and discretheir new duties;, and may their future tion in the duties discharge of their new signing the bill under which Utah .has b' use of the ballot wisdom the and vindicate that we may be able to point to them as eetle a State in the American Union. I rs. of our enlightenment exemplars, and as an earnest may .present it to you in order that it may be After of the address which be the delivery the of women. by accomplished help .kept among the archives of the state of was receive with cheers arid the We in confidence for we beall have applause, J them, Utah. audience-joininchoir and the immense patriotic lieve that it is the universal desire of the Anton Pederson's band played a brilliant Uiff rendered America, and Dr. prowoman-hear- t to promote justice, peace, and thrilling' selection, and received euv As benediction. the people temperance, chastity and all that "makes for nounced the thusiastic applause. of music the uplifting of humanity. combined bands the g The most incident of the dispersed ' Columbia" and the "Star "Hail of the the of name gave Ill" women Detroit, I day was when Acting Governor Richards amid cheers and shouts JSanner," send .to all the women of Utah, and surrendered ' the Territorial power of the Snangled of delight and rejoicing. peciallythostrrhx) Executive Offire,as--follow- s as great a success this great achievement, joyful congratulaJXhs44HttgitraHia1twas '' Pursuantto. th f prniiLiai-PTrn- rr as the ceremonies in ..the laberuacle,tions and hearty good wishes for the success y.. .stitution of the new State and the proclama-ti'i- n . althon i fied could-iid te n ui so be it ig of q ot all they may undertake. gh. of the President, the hour has arrived and solemn. It was a sort of triumphal Fraternally, when the Federal government is to withof The historic this of . days. day (Mrs) II.' J. BouTiux. draw from of the affairs of the closing VI.--! stitution, - r cotion, Lr::wfe ofXisaf ; Con. . -- tl;vvp;.as: t ' au-ih- -- -- -- - . . ' J u-,-1- -- e may-experienc- . . s - ; ; -' gton ' ; . - . " " . aud-'indepen-den- law-give- of-wh- at ; : l. soul-thrillin- . - . the control Territory, and to surrender it up. to the . peo- and to trie native son of Utah, It is that this should be done iii this pubfitting, U jjc uanuerv and Governor. of the pxostrruTyTaHoVlihe 1 frritory of Utah I now surrender to your favored servant, the Executive office, upon his taking the oath" prescribed by the Constitution, which will now. be administered by the Chief Justice of the new State, the Hon. Charles S. Zane." 'tovernor Wells'took the oath as administered by Chief Justice Zane, and at a given signal the booming: of artillery was heard nu'n Capitol hill and continued as the oath w?s,also administered by the Chief Justice t(J the other state officers. y The big chorus.theu rendered- Stephens's y song, "Utah we Love Thee.' -S'eretary of State - Ha m mond read Gov . Vlls first Proclamation convening .the of that day in the legislature at v' o'clock . .. .. r 11 .1 r. men ionowcu Building,and County Cjiirernnr Wnllc In4Hrtir?tl .AddreSSniirable" " which he pai a, lowing, tribute to' the pioneers, arid runted hi an 'interesting manner the politPrustory of the Territory from. i s first ttlement until the present time includin- gand valuable information, and ple - - - . " . . - J y-an- d . . . f elaborate display of decorations illumined with incandescent lights produced a very fine effect. The great blazing flag which Dknvkr, Jan. ; 1lunfitTiearc , 7 Detroit, ' Mich., - Phoknix, Arizona, December 28, 1895. Emiueline Dear Madam: I enclose you copy of resolutions passed by the first Territorial B. Wells; , -- es c held m wis cir admission of Utah into the Q11ffro(re forwomeu,' I was commissioned congratulations of to. c0vc Detroit women that THanhas enrolled xonUh her-statis- - , r Juatuffiagesse)eiatiotrreldtrPhcn Mrs. " Jan. 8, 1S96. Horn Heber M. Wells, Governor' of Utah, Salt Lake City; Wear Sir-- At a mass meeting of women : . - , - ... 'LETTERS TO THE GOVERNOR AND MRS. E. P. WELLS.: : Yours received. I thank you for all your good'words to us and hope that, you may realize all you desire in your State. When Miss Yates lectured for us in Denver, we had our flag adorned with the third star. Shall be pleased to hear from you from time to time.? Very sincerely yours, Tiikodosia G. Ammons. "Marvel and a wonder, " a thing of light and beauty to behold. It is indeed a .proud day for Utah when' one of her noble sons born upon thenative-soil- , stands as the Chief Executive of the new state, which was ushered in. so auspiciouslv, and is welcomed so gladly by thrifty people a happy, prosperous. and . anxious to promote justice, equity ana the right,' and to uphold the Constitution of this great and free Americcir Republic. - My Dear Mrs: Wells: 12, 1S96. ! : Laura M, Ariz., December 6, 1895, Johns, of Kansas, in the chair. We take pleasure in informing your association that we are now organized, and in line with, and auxiliary to the National association Yours Truly, .... V Lillian. Frv Collins, Rec. Sec. Territorial Association : . 1 ; ; tics, , TUKRIvSOLUTION. Whereas, The women" of Colorado and , . 