W O M AN '5 eloquent a ; great I (lea have ever heard which is .saying .. and cpntinued: T.rJWW a woman of handsome. ' 1 Ier dress was beautiful and became her well. 'The rest of, the evening was given up to state reports and brief addresses. It was amusing to see that even here in ,this great convention there were women who would' run over their time,and go " on after the bell had rungr v . Washington D. C. Jan. ';": 24th,-- 1896. - THE WASHINGTON CONVENTION "TiiK annual convention of W. ST. 'A. opened Thursday morning, Jan. 23. iSy6t in .the Church of Our Father, Washington, I). C. the president, Miss Anthony,- - in the chair, In opening the meeting-MisAnthony said: This is the twenty-eightruiuuaJ suffrage convention in Washington.'" The thought that brought us here twenty-eigh- t years was the National if Constitution that, ago could, be invoked to protect black men in .the right to Vote, "the same great authority could be evoked to protect women. . The question has been; urged upon every Congress since 1869. We asked at first for a sixteenth amendment, enfranchising women; then for suffrage under amendment; then when the Supreme Court had decided that against us, we returned to the sixteenth amendment, and have pressed it ever since. In the present Congress, Senator Hoar lias introduced in the Senate a joint resolution for a sixteenth the amendment, and it has been. referred-tSenate Committee on Woman Suffrage, chairof which Senator Call, of Florida-iman. A similar resolution has been pre senled in the House by Congressman North- way, of Indiana, and has been referred to the Judiciary Committee. You will notice that the seats of thellele-gatio- n from Utah are marked by a large United States flag bearing three stars, a big one and twe smaller ones. The4 big star is for Wyoming, because she stood alone for a -- tiuarter of a centui v as theTJnly "Stale: wliere women voted, uoioraao comes next, because she is the. first State where a majority of the men ever voted to grant women equal rights. Then comes Utah; because the men of Utah, in convention assembled, in spite of the bad example of Congress, which took the right away from the women of Utah ten years ago, the men of Utah, having seen the good, effects of woman suffrage for years before that, voted by an overwhelming majority to leave out the little word "male" from their suffrage clause. Next year, if I am here, I hope to reioice over California and Idaho, and the next year over several more. We have laid down in the row. imw ttirpf bricks f We have everyv reason for encouragement, One sign of none for discouragement. to progress is that men in high places, begin talk back to us, instead of considering us Call unworthy of notice. They read the for our- convention; and President Eliot, of Harvard, does not like it that we quote Uie twenty-eight- h National-America- n . h the-fourteent- h o s " A A V 1 V AJk. A. .V- - w W . " , - him; ..v.. EX I'O N i N T NoW, friends, you all' know sile.nce not Udntthe heart whu a tai mat ability.' Mrs. Ricliards read her. paper last. It was a thoughtful and Well prepared history of suffrage in Utah." I never saw her l6ok so s?;.v?n-vuiiuw?- ;a suGWti-ner- . ' 'StjL Miss Anthony read the sentences from President Eliot's article quoted in the Call, t hankiu nes. a,ii,r,,t thrm m hut r have remembered to have' the meeting form , -- ally opened with prayer ifj;ojneljodyiJiad not reminded me." offer prayer." IADIIiSVSEMI-MOXTH'LY'MIiliTlN- Minutes of iii RevTAnua Shaw will was a KJ greit responsibility on'tiie saints, UlUL al-- MIS knewr Satan, sisters to be charitable "and each morning before leaving our room ask God for His JiolySpiritlaud for the help we need this day: scan ourselves and never, be above asking one' anothcr's forgivness if we have done wrong, for then we could ask God to forgive us: .felt the coming , year was full of trials that we little knew of: we must be humble and always try and say, "O God Thy will, not .mine, bed()Jie5 grayed that at the close of 1896 we might feel we had served the Lord letter than the year before, closed by asking God to bless us all. Sister M: O. .Brown felt glad of. the record she had made in the Temple. this .year. When we could learn to listen to the still small voice we were blest, we must live near the Lord, said she never forgot the sisters nor these meetings: hoped she would be able to make a greater.record .in-t- he Temple this coining year than she had in the last. Asked God's blessing upon lis. Sister Elizaleth McCune said she had not been identified with the Relief Society until the last two months, had been more with ihe young ladies: .told of a blessing she had wherein it was prophecied she should do a .great Relief Society work. Soon after this she was made Treasurer in the Relief Society of the Seventeenth Ward. TJie next Saturday she came to these meetings and never enjoyed a meeting so much. Felt she had missed a great deal by not attending them before; thought it would be a good idea to bring a pencil and paper and jot down some of the wrords and ideas of our dearly leloved sisters, Aunt Ziua, Aunt Batlisheba and Sister Home, for they were indeed gems and we would not always have them with us: related a dream she had; felt she had done better - ; G; Meeting held Semi-monthl- y Fourteenth Ward Assembly.JUalEiDec 28thr iS5. president M. I, Jlorne pre siding. Singing, "How firm a foundation." -- Prayer by Sister Frances Smith. Singing, ; V, uide Us 0, Thou Great Jehovah. ' ' The minutes of the previous meeting were read and accepted, " President Home said she felt very thankful to be here with her sisters at the close of another year, said there were enough here to claim the blessing,, "Th at. where a met together in my name there will I be also." .Many have come here today for a blessing and felt that each one would receive the comfort she needed. Exhorted her sisters if any one had. feelings against another not ,to let it have place in her heart, but let them all die with the old year and commence again anew with the new .year. ..Would like to have all her sisters read, Christ's sermon on the Mount often. Pray continually for the Spirit of God for that .led into all truth; do not let your talents lie dormant but seek them out, referred to; President Cannon's sermon on the same subiect. Spoke of qbedience of children to parents also obedience to the ?Gospel; said teach children self sacrifice; Saints were good Eatter-dain a more dangerous condition felt we were now than ever before and that there were more temptations abroad for the young: spoke of virtue,, said- - she heard President in thp list yfarhaitvtrr-befoi- e, shrfeTt' id i Juiiaii-savi-ho- -d e lirriOHg- well and wanted to do do a great deal betcourtships for young people. Spoke of the ter in the next. - SisterMartha Barrow felt Prophet Joseph Smith and his wonderful she had always done the best she could, work all accomplished in fourteen years. had been in the church God His life was hot one of peace but of turmoil, had blessed her. with many years: good sons and spoke of her association with him. Kore a daughters. Her sou had just come home Prayed the Lord to from a. mission, felt very proud of him and strong testimony. bless us and" help us to do better in the highly honored. Knew God wouH ?"d did bless the missionaries and kept them Sister Cutler, said she wanted to bear from harm and temptation, bore a strong her testimony to the goodness of God: also testimony, .that He heard and answered prayer. Said A sister felt glad she was numbered with she went to the dedication of the Temple the people of God, bore lrer testimony. fasting and everything she"" asked the Lord Sister Julia Sampson said the spirit for that day had been given' to her four- prompted her to add her. testimony, to the ... fold. others. She thanked her Heavenlv. Father Sister E. S. Taylor said she came here forjhestrength He had ifiyen her to enable today rather hungry for a Messing and felt her to pass through her trials. Spoke of sure she would receive it; she never en- the meeting one year ago", alsooftjie sister joyed a meeting more in her life than she who spoked in tongues 011 that occasion ; did the conference here two weeks ago, did said there was much we could learn from not know why unless it was that she felt one another. We could not be happy in .. free from all responsibility and could settle without world our eternal the children. If She loved to down for pure enjoyment. .children go r astray - they w? ill ha ve to pay" hearlieiisistersXtestify the penalty. Hoped we would all have a with the prophets; the. dearest thing on ' New Year and that God would give earth to Her was her association with her happy us those things which would be best for aged sisters, those who had done so much US. :.' , good and had had so in uch ex perience, felt Sister Sophia Nuttall spoke of the effort she ought to be a great deal better tnan sue it was for her to speak, had been told in a was; spoke very beautifully of her friendthat she. should do this, felt this ship with Sisters . Mariuda N. Hyde and S. blessing M. Hey wood who had passed: behind the was a trying time for the young and that it to save vail and of their noble lives and the would require alt our strength them: knew our labors would increase but example they set. Said we could not he if had patience and humility God thankful enough for the Gospel felt there few-ar- e . . - - self-sacrificin- y g: lot-btr- nen - : . . . . w-- e 