WOMAN'S 10 EXPONENT. Hack ouce ""rfiortf to tfiir' ' i'' "j3riX is hard'' site tKpsa-wfk upon your sjirits tell,' j.' .' ; far-fame- valley, i! Aft . many long ye.irs away, Amid its scenes awhile In the. evening of lifeday. A few loved ones remain to greet me, From the number felt litre of yore, While others art taking the places, Of those who have passed before. I -i to-tarr- look-- f - s4 all--th- J ents We hail every token of wrought out with the years, Mark where once were barren leasts places, i'ow beau'y and blossom appears. Glorious l'aki mountain, and river v To this vale rich" blHngs impart,' lit re, Ufii'pie in grandeur-forever: As marvels of nature and art. Iere tacr shinerthe stnr of true freedom; Yli it none may gainsay nor withstand, Its clear light shall pierce thro' all ages, ... progress-Improvem- ". 'T i ; ( ; r Uewijnos. f .: ' - . : Ail autograph album with her name engraved in gold letters on the, cover, was presented to her, add at her request all present wrote their uames and sentiments" suitable to the. occasion therein. Refreshmelemonade was then served, nts-with after which a spiritual 'feast wasind"nlgcd 'v -- "... 111 the tinanimus vote of the assembly our venerable and beloved president, Zina I). H. Voting, was elected chairman and after singing and prayer President Voting made a few remarks and called upon others to speak also, prominent among whom was B. W: Smith, Helen Mar Whitney, .Kllen C. Ciawson, Camilla Cobb-Sarah A. Reece and indeed all present responded to the call, even Sister Alder's little nine year old daughter May. Sister Phelps spoke beautifully 111 tongues winch was interpret. ed by Sister Zina Voting and enjoyed - By -- - Then i -- j by-all- phasing feature of the program was the reading of some verses composed by. Sister Alder and suggested by Pi evident Irene Ackerman. Voting's, remarks at one of the '"Sisters Conferences viz. that we should' take our btir; NOTKS AND NEWS. dens to the Lord and leave them there. .The remarks of the spenki-r- n "'Vd C. W. T. U. of l'ew Jersey, is to .show how necessary trials are to purify.aud. Fni; t ve a "Welcome I lome" reception to Miss jeffect usT" As Paul of old says, "They W'illard and Miss Gordon 011 their arrival will work out for us a; far more exceeding to their native land, about October 15th. ." and eternal weight of glory." President Voting then laid her hands At the Kuntucky Chautauqua, held at Sister Alder and gave her a prophetic Lexington, the W. C. : T: U. Schoo of upon blessing, which we all endorsed by a hearty' was in charge of Mrs. S. Fesseclen, Amen. Benidection was pronounced by President of the W. C. T. U. of s " One hour a day was given to Sister .Rachel" Grant. Mrs. George I). A.lder Juu. rendered various lines of the work, and on Ternper-1'anc- e some beautiful pieces on the piano while day the aoMress was given by John G social chat was again general for a short Woolley. There was a fine audience des-- j time,, when we bade adieu to our hostess pite the fact that the "weather was not and about 10 o'clock, all feeling favorable, and the multitude hung spell-- ; blestfamily and comforted, at least this was the bound upon his impassioned eloquent words. There were .about two hundred white rib-- , experience of the writer. Julia Crush Howk: boners present during the entire assembly, but a much larger attendance upon the day Which not so much what men assert, as of Mr. Woolley s address. .Mrs. Frances K. Beauchamp, Kuntucky 's brilliant yot.ug what, they prove; remembering .that truth is simple and naked, and needs not invenpresident is a firm believer iti tne value of tion to apparel her comeliness. Sir P. Chautauqua Assemblies as a means of v popular education, and believes also that a bails for America 011 .Vi.aTULScliool --of Methods cot'ld - be . Ian Maclaren made a ; most valuable . adjunct to , these September 16th. Dr. Robertson Xieoll - accompanied by Mr, and 'Mrs.. Barrie, will eighty "odd Assemblies throughout the nation. There is already a good also arrive in this country about the. end of ; beginning in this - direction since the W. C." September. The ookman. T. U. will be represented in the majority The Ouekn -- op DHNMAiiKr who al-- is seven 4hughshe son of 1S96. The original Chautauquas still pretty and retains her vivacity and " will head the list with August 5th. as its charm,- declares that the only way she grand,W. C. T. U. day," when Miss Slact, keeps young is by keeping young people Mrs, Buri,T Miss Ackerman and John G. about her. She always has a house-ful- l of will be the speakers There will them, and likes nothing better than to be Woolley" also be five conferences in the Hall of Phisurrounded by her grandchildren ar d their under the friends. She affirms that she is aunt to all losophy, charge of Mrs. Stevenson, where the various .phase's of vhite of Europe tQiviiieh e-lisnot grand " ribborrwbrlr. mother. A very s ; .9- ' ethods ! ,fassa-jclmselT- j j j j I j j a-- : j -- Sid-ne- y. ' '"-- . . -- . - worked on till all complete, The night far gone Tst and thought How hard my lot, how tired my feet, When I grew- unconscious, aye was naught, When came a sudden shining light And then a cloud obscured it alf, Then again it grew so bright, r. '; I heard a harp or baby call,. Celestial sounds came then to me, . The light was brightthe'music near, A flower was midst the star-li- t air. An angel shining did appear. . ' . . u-t, I re- - turned, sprang upon my chamber Hour, And fled while my pour brain yet burned, Up wkh one bound the Jong j.Hi k .stai.rcv ..;,. My arm stretched out to feel the door, " Then turned the knob so silently My brain still by that angel tore. There stood the cot I could not move, My heart stopped beating, nor could I tell What brought me there, nor could I see '' Tlie little head that fell; I .. . p . Then .in.- . Not knowing where to first begin ... So dazed was my brain with all,' When midst it came a childish voice" "Mamma, mamma" my boy hd call, Then rush i ng in with fa ce aglow And eyes so bright and dimples deep, mjxy laughter ringin And roguish looks he could not keep "Oh Ma" he cried and danced about Until his curls did upward fly, ' ; ''I've such a funny dream to tell Just listen mamma dear oh my!" The night so hot the work undone, All then a burden seemed to me That quickly in a rage I turned, .And sharply cried "O let me be." Scarce had I spoke the bitter, words, at once my careless gaze When Upon him rested thoughtlessly, But still I saw though in a daze, Astonishment Was on his face, That he the dream could not me tell. His dancing stopped and in amaze V" The little head it fell. 1 life.-rviy-- .y, then was the light; Oh clear, The cloud was gone I was draining then not, The iiingel then did apptar, Smiling on me, and in the cot, My heart cried out, I screamed with joy, Such joy that none b it mothers tell, And to my breast I lifted-uj The little head that fell. t g-o- upon her breast ; 1 -T- thatVtrmvrferf ror- -' To take rny heart, my. Has she Oh God, has sire my boy? Did I repine oh let me think, What did the angel mean to tell The little head that fell. " . , (Mpial Suffrage, no distinction of sex.) -hfo' d i J For God, and homeland every land. arose 'for household care forth the light of day;, .When scarce-shonAnd still, tho close into the night, A lot ofsewing there did lay. Yes all around tne. everywhere ' The midarned socks and baby stuff, The tiny dress, the little cap, The fluffy lace, and dainty ruff , And other duties, after that That mothers know they must-obe- yr All this I pondered on that night, The end of th-- long weary day; he-a- - Like one that staggered 'neath a blow, And strengthened up when strength 1 thi: li itli: hi:ad that fell. i I ... y L. M my Was that a dream . old-tim- e ; dream, my child!. at could not think, Oh strength to rise oh power to know, To clear Knowing that ours also, has changed, Hut thank God for the friendships, And faith that has not been estranged. ; ' ' ' On Thursday the 2nd of .July, the day being the anniversary of Sister Lydia.J). Alder's 50th birthday, a few of her many friends (numbering about 25) wended tlueir ' way to her residence about 4. o'clock, j). 111, to ciTer her tlieir sincere congratulations." The lady, however, was not at home but rtr Mxiiul i ufe- f-t he a fteFHoo! rw i family, but she was notified and soon made Her appearance, when nappy greetings ana old time associations were freely indulged ; was it all! . . . ' anguish wild, r.t My brain' confused J fatrrJ'" de i th n awoke-:vhWhat was it of , ; . to take upon my breast, The little head that fell." I j . 01 fie tjuirk uih .a cry . W " - "" ..Vco.' X... :.JUf " eu-Ur- e iy-dgh- rr , . - : '' . -- -sh- 