WOMAN'S . - ty-- ; iv, KXi'ONhNT. especially as the object; of the lecture. She had Sound in the wild wokls and peace- u ivmuWKiUi viia such an ideal sani - jJuu'mijtiVi.unton &tvi unsjciu,. vyinuiyiruunij; and 'work for the.chtldren. vMissSlmr 'ilKbe Apolitical issues at home and hnd worry THnrnrrl on ner uome warn journey auer ner camweightier, woman at' least' physically. in for work California, Rest is fine, and so is work grand. She suffrage equal paign and only comes here to speak at the solicitafelt she had returned not as a stranger but who are laboring, so as one of the press household. tion of the women to establish' faithfully Mrs. Mary Lambert followed .with a Kindergartens and a in them make Utah.. beautiful joem permanent institution .Miss Shaw will be accompanied by the after which the members all joined in an of Eastern women who have been animated discu ssiou ol Uie party paper. ' assisting in the great campaign throughout y Mrs. Lambert by request spoke in the the State of California. musical language of the Hawaiian. After a lengthy and interesting discussion Miss Mary Gkkw, who' died very, suddenly (October io,j at her residence in of the religious, social and moral status "of Philadelphia, was a most remarkable char-- , the Hawaiians and society i:i general, the 'acter. She was born in Hartford Conn., meeting adjourned for one month. Elms R. Sniri', Sec. pro tern. Sep. i , i S 3, and was educated there .she , in iSy.Vud afterwards removed to Philadelphia her permanent, residence e ver since. By inherita ncea litN t raining. "sheTw'as a radical abolitionist antl was HELlEF SOCIETY GENERAL associated with and in that work with the heroic men took so Tin: General Conference of the Relief prominent a part in that early period, Wm. was held in the Assembly Hall in Loyd Garrison, Wendell Philips and others. Society She was a member of the Boston Female Saltin.--Lake City, Saturday Oct'. 3, iSyO, at 2 Mrs. Zina I). II. Young presiding.-Society from its organization, p. On the stand were the Vice Presidents and after her removal to Philadelphia unitS. Richards, Bathsheba W. Smith ed with the Society there Jane and was its Cor.. Sec'y., and wrote its and Sarah M. Kimball, Secretaries E. B. annual reports until 1S70,. when the Society Wells and R. B. Pratt, several Stake Presi disbanded. She was a member of the fa- dents from a distance occupied the upper Convention in 183S, in stand, and there was a good sized congremous gation in the body of the house. Pennsylvania IJ all, when it was surroundConference opened with singing " Reed. by a furious nob which destroyed the deemer of Israel," prayer by Sister B. W. building by fire a few hours .after 'the ConAfter Slavery was Smitn, continued by singing Let us pray vention adpurned. Roll called, seventeen abolished and the 15th amendment to the gladly pray." Minutes of previous Constitution ratified, she" "devoted, her life Stakes represented. read and Conference approved.. to .other reforms, principally the enfranD. Zina President II. Young welcomed chisement of women.' She was a in a the congregation very gracious man--iilecturer and an occasional preacher in and thanked tile .brethren who were the pulpit "of the UuiUiian cllUiehc.-iand in Northern New England the pulpits, of present for their presence, felt glad to see the Free Will Baptists, Methodistsand so many from a distance bu t Wished there e .was not a vacant seat house, urged, Congregational churches were open , to her. the sisters to do all in their power to get Miss Grew was one of the founders of L the New Century Club of Philadelphia, the.meirrbers to attend their cal meetings, said to be the most influential club in the felt we needtd the Spirit of the Lord to be constantly "with us, not only do we need it United States, and also of the Pennsylvania Woman's Suffrage Association,- - and every hour but all the time. Related" some, instances of sublime faith in children; its President for many, years. referred to a dream of Patriarch John Toung about a looking glass in which C. one's U. W. P. neighbor's faults were magnified, advised all to follow the teachings of Joseph Skp. 30, 1896, the Woman's Press Club the Prophet and pray. night and day to the v met at the office of the Woman's 'Expo-'N'ENLord for guidance. Because of the absence of Presi'. President Adeline H. Barber of the Cache dent Wells, Dr. .R. B.. Pratt presided. The Stake Relief Society spjke against mumur-irg- , offered was C. Phebe referred to the recent high wind, said by ojening prayer Young. Shakespearean Sentiments were it occured immediately after a woman's given in answer to roll call. The minute's meeting in which the sisters had complainwere read and with one correction were ap- ed so much of hard times: reported good proved. Mrs. Phebe C. Young should be work done in the Society and a good feeling mentioned as having read, at the last meet-irg- , generally, and beautifully of Temple work. President" Hakes of Maricopa Stake, rep"Margaret Queen' Of Louis Miscellaneous business x being resented the Relief Society work in that next in order Mrs. Brown moved, and it locality for his wife who could not come was carried, that the treasurer be empower- because of financial difficulties, audhad ed to buy the necessary books and - paper asked him to report.' Spoke very interestfor the club. ingly of the labors of the sisters in that Dr. Curtis gave an interesting account of part of the vineyard. ..... her summer vacation. Lorinda E. of the Board of She was glad to return to our ideal city Millard Relief Thompson .Society gave an excellent ..after her peaceful respite during the heated account of the sisters ill that Stake and of term ,l AtJ he: present time there are the President, Elizabeth Yates, and alluded where the panacea for alb ills is to the sickness (Diphtheria) that found in absolute rest, must not read or write had distressing prevailed at Scipio, out of one hunand as far as possible abstain from thinking. dred Cases, however, only eight had died, ' 1 ; . to-Bost- co-operat- ed . Anti-Slaver- y Anti-Slave- ry L Anti-Slaver- y " . very-forcib- le ci ; .in-th- T, of-France- ." " ' . , sani--tariu- . ; x" all the others had recovered', Av'hich'w1'c''-::,- -, rem ark able', - .. .. Uni;. o,aa: li... ,:.i..t i,'..... 1 " ety Bingham Stake gave a Very favorable, rep rt, referred' to the willingness of the brethren to assist the sisters in their labors and to go with them, when visitiqg the Stakes spoke highly of the country, they j. had rich ranches anil lovely fiekh- of grain ; Of the union whicli prevailed among1 them, sisters would come all be.n in harmony eight or ten miles to attend Conferences, and bring babies with them; made some remarks on the Word of Wisdom and the ' .blessings attending those who kept it. Temperance Hinckley President o Relief Society of Bannock Stake, spoke of the disadvantages they labored under in haying such long distances to travel by team to and her Counselors visit the Stake;--sh- e had visited all around recently, felt to do r-""-. V"- - , ' ; - . m ; . all in her power and" leporledlrgcdiFd united feeling among the sisters in the Stake ; knew they' were charitable and humble and were desirous ,of doing their duty they were always ready to assist the Bishops in relieving the poor and in every good word and work for Zion. ; President Mary A. P. Hyde, Relief Society Sanix.te Snke, spoke of having just returned from a (Quarterly Conference in that county and of the good feeling that existed among the Saints, spoke very feelingly of the loss by death of her two Counselors during the' present year, Sisters Minerva W. Snow and Sarah A. Peterson, and of the strong attachment that had existed between them, but realized they were better off and that they would not wish to re-- . turn here. Two other Counselors had since been appointed anrf she felt that they would be faithful in the position to which they had been called md set apart. "They Pnv and A44- 4were Sisters Alvrp Sister Hyde felt blest in beShoemaker ing able to attend the Conference and hearing the good reports from the sisters, President Ann'C Woodbury of the Relief Society of St. George Stake, spoke of the great losses sustained in that locality, by floods, but did not feel discouraged but hopeful, thought their faith and union had iiicreased of late. The sisters generally had to pay for teams to go around the Stake, the distances they had to travel in visiting all around were considerable; her" ad vice had been to put their financial .women in the front so they could make means to sustain the poor and for such other purpose s as means was needed for, thought there was a prospect now of a railroad coining and then they would have- - a market for their produce ; last year the people there had large crops of grain and disposed of it too readily, this year the crops would .be light, scarcity. wrould make them more, careful in the future ; thought as a people we wer e greatly blest in comparison with the nations of the earth, for this she prais ed the God of Jacob who had blessed us and kept us " and will bless us and keep ' us if jwerwill --Serve Him -- Sister - Wood- bury spoke earnestly of the silk industry ; the sisters there had pushed the work forward this year, there had been two hundred pounds of cocoons raised there this season, and it would be a great help to them ; she had been working in the- - inte'rst of the silk industry for eighteen years trying to accomplish something and realized that if it would not be of any benefit to her, it would in the future- to the children and T -- - -' , x - . : 