r- ; 7 X V X I I V ' m I ' i Expo NBNtf i The Rights of the, Women of Zion, Vol! 25. . -. and the Rights-o- the Women of all Nations. f SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER 151896. O, who would shrink the "burden, when the crown is sure to "come; ''Who bears the cross, will wear the CONTENTS: No. u. sailing" Vessel, of which my uncle was the captain. The river Ilugli by which Calcutta is all Report. - Indies' have sung. reached is a most dangerous river on acprojjhets LJ. W, P. Y. Hyde, Secretary. W. count of its. shifting sands, consequently Hyde. ."September Seventh." Lu'u. Facts And peace doth come when the journey's o'er;- Miss About the pilot who" takes, charge of the vessel Leaves From My Journal-Ki- m. The warrior must not rest when the battle is beDodge. Notes And News. In Memoriam. JJonor at the Sand Heads, that is, where the fore!To A Veteran L. W. Jones. Rectption To The is entered from the Bay Ladies Literary Club I). S. Ouaht Women But when the victory's won. the cae is ure to mouth of of Bengal,- has men sounding and shouting come; To Want 10 Vote ? , out every. Jive minutes the depth of. water. As a well of lasting pleasure are the welcome Editorial: The Political Outlook jCannoir It is always a most excitng time when nYonTsWOI done." Ward Relief Society. entering a foreign port, and Eastern ports bells a out sound!' So, tolling ring joyous are uiore especially intcrestingto thoie Poetry: Thoughts-L- . I). Alder. Isle Of The Beautiful Past L. M. H. The Mountains Mrs. And tell the gathered vSaints who weeping .stand, who have never seen anything but the Victoria Alexandra Stone. around, Western surroundings. The. Tis wei! with her, though the world is closed to banks withhemisphere their strange trees of cocoanut view, . and palms have a great charm; the houses For she has fought. the fight, to God has proven with their strange forms and colors, fill the THOUGHTS, true. stranger with curiosity to know what the - i n the death of . Mrs. Eften C. da u son. Brave hearts, true heart-- , who walk' the way In '' interior of uch remarkable buildings must " be, and what the inhabitant-- " are like. tears, 8iN(;, dear one sing, and .shout fo very joy I??"' 1 And only 'trace the jmlrney by the slowly, chang-- . we pass K wnere rirsi In the world above the stars, where strife cannot langir lsiaua1.1 ' infested is it can the live with as ing years, nobody annoy; The incense from this lower world, of work so Be comforted!... though strife and sorrow too, be largest species of .Bengal tigers, and where rife; many Europeans every year icse their nobly done, Hear thro' the gloom and darkness, ""! am the lives in tiger hunting. Will rise and bless thee ever, while countless On sailing up the river the next "sight Resurrection and the Life. aires come.that intercuts one in Hearing the city is the one adieu! adieu! But O, 'twill not be long, Dear residence of the late King of Oude. - When Thy heart so full of heavenly joy, shall now te Till we who mourn thee learn must the now, ' the British took possession of his territory, satisfied; song; changing in And Hi? presence.thou wilt bask, who for us he was brought to Calcutta and a large For fairer in the Fast (lawns the Re surrectiof? bled and died; tract of land, together with a handsome morn A nd tho' we drop love.-ansigh that -- Flu. grave uiil 3 if kl its "sleepers up, ami of its thejtyrfof pension was granted to him. The reason forfeiture of his territoryJ will extnou art gone, e power be shorn. Vet joy is bubbling uppermost, that thou crown plain later cn. He has many houses in his in Then on robes, thy snowy gems sparkling thy grounds, all of different colors and designs, hast won. ,. brow, where he has an immense .harem. lie also I think of how you humbly stood, and of the The Past beneath thy feet, and only pleasure keeps thousands of pigeons, and it is most inMaster spoke, now, teresting to see them flying about in flocks. The echoes in the listeners' ears, such rapturous Wilt in .will ever that be thy shining mansion, The old man is never allowed to leave Calstrains awokehome, cutta, and is frequently seen taking" a drive The light of angels hovering- near, thv trembling Throw wide 'he bitlf loved open portalsTahd thy in an carriage attended by form embraced, ones "Come." about 20 troopers, natives of course. They are And "Well beloved of the' Lord," was on each Lydja I). Alder. diity, badly dressed, badly mounted, are feature traced. August 25, 1896. . poor riders and mostUinsoldierly in appear- At a gathering of the sisters in the home of auce. The attendants of a third class circus Forget thee? No! Though all thy friends again may rreet; the writer on July 2, 1896", while speaking Sister in a procession are quite respectable comWe'll mis thy saintly face, thy presence; calm 3lawson said, "I sing in my heart all the time, pared with these royal body guards; it is and sweet; and sometimes I could shout for very joy I feel so indeed a relic of departed grandeur. To And a sigh of love will rise, from every faithful happy; but I never was a singer." give a clear idea of Calcutta to those who heart, On resuming her seat, Sister Zina D. H. Young, have never seen it is not easy. The city mayAnd a tear of sweet remembrance, from saddened the venerable presidentof the Relief Society who be roughly divided into two parts the will start. eyes presided: at the meeting, uttered the followEuropean and the native; though in the native part some poor Europeans live, and But O, for thee a glorious day has been revealed ing prophetic words, " Sister Clawson, you shall sing until your heart is satisfied; you shall in the European part some rich natives reto view; side. ' Here are the fine Jmusesthat:giye Where Cherubim and Seraphim, and other be one of the sweetest singers when you go beyond th e Veil." Calcutta the name" of "The City of : glories new. " IX A. L Palaces..". , greet thy stately entrance, where all the Saints wilfmeet, They are built of brick and plastered white, with verandahs and Venetians painted-bAs the fragrance'rare of flowers most fair, arise ' right A FEW WORDS ABOUT INDIA. L beneath thy feet. green; when clean and the paint r fresh , a Calcutta' house is very pretty. The ''Well done!" Come where the rippling waters As a rule I think readers are more interroofs are mostly andin the evenings ' softly flow 'along; ested in details of a Toreigu country wdien we sit there and chat, dance and generally Where on the ambient air, in triumph sounds the given by, one who has really visited it, and enjoy ourselves, ibr however hot the day ' victor's song; personally . witnessed the various scenes may. Jiave been there is nfearly always a And hear the blessed music, thy .heart has depicted. As many years of my life wrere pleasant cool breeze from the sea that comes up , yearned to know, spent in India, I shall have great pleasure theriverin theevening, and I assure you it is While wandering thro the darkness, thai besets if I can interest .you with a few details re- enioyable. There is a fine drive called the. us here below. garding it, its inhabitants and my exper- Strand where in the evening may be seen iences while there. V Faithful unto death Thy Covenant' Vows body 'every J maginable conveyance -to can see who drive one a and takes t; get I arrived in ?Calcutta in December i860, be seen others walk and enjoy the sight And singing in thy heart the song the Gospel; '" '" after a four months' passage on board a of the gay dresses, the flirtations, etc. , that are sound awoke; A Few Words About IndiaDilbhur. Primary .Meeting Zina Semi-monthl- y tlie-rrowYii- -' -- " : -- the-rive- - , - - ! T - 1 . - - d - of-th- a-- . - - - old-fashione- " d . ',"": 1 " : ' v '. . . - " - : ' , ! , .. - , un-brok- . .. . - e; 7- : , as-eye- ry ; ' 