Sister. Jerence convening that day; and being the. to me, so memorable (..'15th Ward'then read her minutes. loved to " lvl& x?f f, i vit V. to tMt'tu. Cali- - cause of the secretary's absence; walk out of that, : hty r z&-ulde- r.iisieirio tne cnimrcu. inougm. ik vu im .the portant that mothers should, see that iffor they children attended the Primary, be would were not properly taught parents Mothers should under condemnation. consider this training of the children their chief duty, 'sow good seed in their young siciau at This time, and was very able and flier parents at one time. resided in.' San . t ' tt .1 ,j Francisco. When the company pulled out Kiiwi 10 uie sick, i lie 'nurses ana atieuu "ants were both cheerful and helpful. I of the depot they were a happy crowd,, and "remember there was a yoilng brother, there felt the Spirit. of the Loid was with them.. his name was George Wanton or The reception of the choir at Oakland at lie would sing for and pray with the first concert when they sang the the sick, as the" case might be. and was of- - Hallf liii.ih Chorum v.i an ovation, tht minds, for wliat they learned in childhood won Id Trc"cr bcr toTgottcTi rror- n c rsc ir b e ft tl of ht seemed to be appreciated, tlre more than felt an interest in every thing that tended administer to them It. is to Ik. hoped that in some future day here at home; thought the prayers of those to elevate and bless .voman and humanity. - we will have another Sister Sarah M. Kimball thought the Deseret Hospital, or at home were being answered. Refcrcd to time was precious. ..President Brigham some such institution .where the the sermon, of Apostle Ileber J. Grant, had never heard anything like it it was Young said he always felt a timidity in ieigns, established, again.And I feel that I must give Drs. Benegrand; ' some of the choir had remarked arising to his feet to speak, he athought gleam dict and Voting, this all too tardy acknowthat if no one in San Francisco was conwhy this was so, was that he saw one before each of in the of the I eye had told verted, that they themselves were, and Deity ledgement. They knew, for them, that I had nothing to pay them with. they wanted on .their return home to Jive him. Ileber C. Kimball always .spoke on and in this Hut that made no difference to those two their religion. The speaker refered to the the subject most on his mind,, " no Die men. 1 ney tnjatCU tlie.Wltn IIS mucn-,.- -- great good-tmissionaries there were resoect she was"like him f .Genealogy. Was .. ".""ri' ' - ,i , '. 11 ueucaey ami consioerauon as n uey nau ngnrgedTheisterS; never, to forget that .been, pre pa id a y a u the Gospel is true. , upon that, and to -- urge the necessity of The hand of Dr.' Benedict may tremble Sister B. W. Smith' spoke of trusting that work; made some excellent suggestnow but that same, trembling hand has oud sustaining our leaders; refered to .the ions.- Sister HI m ilia S. Taylor, spoke of "done much to bless the poor, as well as little babe whose mother had died on the her recent visit to the Conference at Tooele; those who were able to pay. Islands and who had 'been brought home while there the Bishop said he thought Once one of my bovs was struck in the by the returning missionaries; felt that there was nothing tint went ahead of the face by a horse, receiving a large ugly there was a great destiny for that child. Relief Society, and she then dwelt upon the I I.e was taken in the wound. patrol She also exhorted die sisters to greater great good that Jiad been accomplished wagon to one of the large hospitals in Salt diigeiice, and Urged them to take more through that orgnrdatiou; thought we Lake City. He lay there for many hours interest iii Temple work, arid to keep the should not be chary of kind words and little without anything being done for him,., as Sabbath ;lay holy asked .the Lord to bless kind deeds, they cost so little, but mean so they did not know who was going to pay us all. Sister Alder added a few words much;' every heart knows its own sorrow, for it. After he regained "consciousness he about the sisters in California who were and Gcid knows us so well that He gave us called for Dr. 'Benedict, who took his case desirous of having an organization of the strength to bear the" burdens put ujkjii us. in hand and charged nothing.- vI'he same Relief Society. Exhorted the sisters to greater faithfulness ' boy was stricken down with typhoid fever, and diligence. A sister related how her .Counselor Stevenson - made a few and the same kind Dr. Benedict went every marks and spoke of hertrip to Europe grandson had been healed by the' prayers" in his own 12th blast. several day conveyance "to" and of the rfffrfA 111 tVllt ti1ori ot i nriii'irniL' in nu) n n yeare ago, untii he to use the Dr's. term) "pulled treatment she received from the pilot's felt to thank God for His goodness.' Sister mm iiiiuuti. ll'w JUU wife when she found out that she was a Rawlings, Aird, Barrow and other sisters l.li.llgCU IlUUllIIg " tor it. Mormon; remarked there-"warrenf tyrrvl nf borr nnrcious tCaUnimiiej and gave wise p 1 UaVe '111 'f Drs.' y nnVl missionary work here at home, she had counsel. Counselor K. J. Steji'ensou spoke . i tst liwi A.i t tA n . rrti (11?wr lip every thing lor her religion; felt Of her recent yisjtto Sanpete''. Stake in with such other deeds of unselfishness and given need the company with Sis'ter Zina D:- II. Young,, prayers for our young misfitbenevolence, which none but God can sionaries. Realized that God had changed and the grand time they had, how the reward. And thev know, that such the hearts of the tingly Spirit of the Lord "was poured out in rich people of the world toreward is sure. wards us; knew that trials were to make abundance. Sister Mary Ann Hyde .. .1 And our sweet gentle Dr. Kllis 'R Shitw and HsJiyjnblpj. fasting, prayer would bring though eighty years of age, presided at the I shall never torget hep kindness to me m a blessing; urged all-tbe faithful Conference Ay itht he(ligiiiLyof a queen . my. distress. "Slstei Hyde's 80th birthday was oubliclv uui immune v Doie .excellent testimonies. ih ictrc celebrated by the .people in a grand feast of ). call in .surgical-helihor although we joined "in singing ' 'The Spirit of God" etc both temporal and spiritual things.. She have no Deseret Hospital, and we may 'Sister Kliabetu Paul bore testimony that was presented.- with a very handsome gold n:iv ana" very few while the hymn u as being sung she felt watch and chain, as a token of their love and. j. vet we have able and c..:-elhcient nhvsicians in inJlnfMif . the m.h, r.,, . respect for her, and in appreciation' of her . v,,. . . AXVJ1y vjuiiiL uowenuiiv nm 1uu.k h and a voice spoke to her, and she" bore a labors iii that County. Sister Stevenson called upon in time, to save a life, which strong testimony of the truth of the Gospel. spoke feelingly and gratefully oi the greatV in my case was very near too late. Auother sister bore testimony of the Word kindness shown them by Presidents PeterTlIOMlXK IviNAKSON, uof Wisdom, and Sister M. J. Smallie also son, Mc'.Allister and Maibeu; these brethren Gunnison, Jlily 2.7, 1896. testified of the truth, and refered to her did everything in their the power .1 to make ww (ri r 4 t. t fr t K en early experiences in the- Church. in Scot- - (" wiiiv.niiwt a auu lu ucip lllc blSiers; laud. Related a hcu said it n she dream r an was I ADilvS' SIC occasion inn LV MHET1XG: long to be remema young man whojiad died and vvhn bered. nn. r'and P?ard"t0 Sisters' Brown and Xunn, also Sister the' wanted to of be rinutes of the meeting officiated Synopsis 111 l0r lhe Temile: felt she wanted to Julia C. Howe spoke held in the Fourteenth Ward Hall Satiir- of the s and Uod redoubled to effortsToii acKiiowieUge .dayIay--i5,--iS- g6 e' urged behalf PresidenM'."': I. blessings Preside" of the closed children t'Horne, of God' ': a with tew w were Zion; anxious we presiding. Singing "Our we should raise to Thee' Y prayer by Sister M. Q and ,)k's!K. Singing.progress faithful; 7 Sisters Doxology, prayer by prove, 7 r- - .;.r.: : r . I itiiiKi-lnri.i.-.Hannah Conkliu and Mary Sawyer Snow 'vt it.aucui vvcuo, muMi. .MUlJillK, m eiCOme hesl n oil bore- - their testimony Zina Hydk, Sec. good ineetinkrs. Minutes onir i,.,-;oflhe Gospel and testified read to and the approved. meeting goodness of God to them Pro;fr,.! President Home addressed the sisters axshort Home in a few appropriate Svxoi'sis of Minutes of of the power of the adversary, but lueetiug held- remarks closed the ' meeting - and, gave ; Saturday, June 23, 1896, felt we; must be humble and ackno'vvledc President M. I. Home presiding. n vuiuacuec 01 llle Opened sisters, on Juneuuj j which the hand of the Lord in all His by singing "There may alt the faithful be" would beOb- 27, with His people; called upon Sisterdealings served a as memoi.al in Alder prayer by Counselor K.'.Webb, singing "0 day remembrance of 10 giv e a uesenpou ot her visit with the the martyrdom of the Prophet and Patria wake my. ' ' slumbering minstrel, Minutes Tabernacle choir to San Francisco. The of arch, Joseph and Hyrum Smith. Singing. read ,and approved previous meeting of the 1 "The time is far .'soent,,': le'nprliVtinn hr secretary resident Horne'spoke of the Primary Association, of the Primary Con" Lydia D. Alder." Zina Hyde, Sec. y i , . Bhn-thorn- e. . SSIltlJtlJihtJihllh' Ttr-rrrtnt- f nly 1 1 - t : t same-spiri- - - I." - j j : . he 1 : r . L 1 y-- L-d- r . I -- ; ', -- . ; . - i . - ln-i- 1 1 1 11 1 ' i 1 1 . 9 of-ou-r - UJhoho 'v-- - '- -V ' - Wgs T H. i i ! . " ; ' . -- j ' I MI-MONT- ' - - I "v ' l-- . H ' - I herr-Hom- - ; i 1 i'li-mkufi- , - ; ; . - ' 1 '.(S-Vl.- ;. ) , time-spok- e Semi-Mouthl- . y - -- 