WO AI A N IiH Sl'UINt; OF s fcXl'ONhNT.' . i.s, YMV'N. Prince of suiiled to hear p tl ms and potted plants, and" always find in France, the hotel is most comfortable. Mr.B. excjainti'O.' eaulifal:&tbl i n v yo$j Whin it is bvenjag, ye sayrif will cirwMtnu.iliu lacus" 'iUuVTftcjms'tlcn'ilUlrv cl'cdnf it istne sujjcrb "',1a' pleasure to rest in them. "Much fatigued .palms, the oranges and lem-m' u iuui in tne morning, we all retired. v.uii,c views, the beautiful Bay, let us. go home U and red fur the (' lowering. sky Today, Friday, 14th Oct. Directly after we had MoihV while we can 'carry .with -- us the finished our breakfast, Mr. Mc 'V. ordered beauty of the scene, the fragrance:, of the March did nut conn- in like a gentle. larnli; carriages and we drove, about the city, j ilowers an:d tl.ie imiMc oQhebir Js it And it lef: like ;i fo:trinsr lion; Marsailles, is an ancient city being founded 'all Ix'obhteratcd by musty tombs, when We Hut vie expected storm-- for 'tn well known was cn the slope reach Rome" The by the Phoeeiaus 600 B. C., 111 S, I'Yanee March is not a month to rely on, 1 as-w- , s . i m-uc- ' - -- . ' ; ' t - j ; . hv-te- lint vc thought perchance-tha.April, The month for shine and showers, Would gladden earth with warmth enough t . To bring, forth waiting flowers. lint we never thought that May time Would bring us frost and snow; For surely if we harvest We must have time to sow. . l and tropical tlie capital of the department .of the months of a hill; nestled of the Rhoneon the Metlitterariean, aiid fruits, the palms the most perfect I ever saw. Cannes is beautifully situated on the Dit the east coast of the Gulf of Lyons, en-- j elo.cd by a succession of rocky hills extend-- j Bayof the same name; from "my window in;. in the form 'of a crescent, until each tiie view of City and Bay was delightful, , extremity reaches the sea. 'Die foim of we had perfect weatber 'and ilowers and the city is nearly square; it is surrounded by-- fruit in abundance; this is a great result for walls and scpai ted iiito the Old and New invalids, but it seemed to me the perfume j'town by "one of the finest streets in Was oppressive x ud it was, .too warm for Many wealthy people have Ivttrope. " The Old town has mean, and comfort. here to avoid the rigor's residences beautiful beautiful is aiid dirty streets tlie ..New, ; much like Paris the Hotel de Ville, is an of winter. . was landed on 1st of here 'T Cathedral Ancient e tymaoarte. j' architectural beauty--th'March 1.S15, on' his. a turn froin Klba. i.s Gothic and said to have been built on the File promenades' 'are delightful.'.wilh the rums. 01 a lempje.oi l.iua. 1 ne puunc lars;e and there are cabinets of orange palm, .and pepper trees lining the library ' natural history, bntatn'cal gardens, and an walk. At niht some mi;?:ciaiis came and sang 'observatory, the Arch erected by Nap.. I. is very beautiful, and much like those of delightfully among them, one song heard and. fountain is. of iu Venice, "Paris, tlie Water-Castl"jamrno, Jammo, Ncoppa extreme beatitv and must be seen to bi ap Jammo, ja,' and is the one tlie Italians sing preciated. Next we drove to the water, the as they ascend Alt. Vesuvius. .Kim. Port of Marsailks, is called a Salt Water Lake, and is completely sheltered from all ADDRKSS TO "RFLLKF SOCIIvTV. winds. The entrance does not exceed a hundred yards, being confined' by two pro To the Relict Society of Centerville. I jecting rocks, one on each side: 0:1 which are situated two fortsfor its defence, it is ' ask vou to n'irdon me if I may appear to le protected by other works and ompletely obtrusive in the liberty I have taken, by ad-- . surrounded by quays: in driving on the :'dresstngyou in this. manner.- While at the street fronting the entrance our guide told Relief Society .union today! was impressed '! us, when the niistrel wind blows, 'twas with '"a very plt:a.vint" feeling of pleasure, ' isdiaracteri.tic of this organization. said a battalion of meirstanding .abreast could not stand against it; from It was Hot only a repetitioj of vhat I ai-- ! here.we had our first peep at the Meditter- - ways enjoy at these nieetings;'but while Bay there I v as !eJ tu L:el tip-tke'objcci of; ranean, and U, magnificent! virv-tTft- bc i and Islands ty and what it lrisjione. I the water Avas blue and not a puff of wind to tell us of the think language will fail me, but still "Mistral." On tlie hill to the south of the enough can brsaid, to encourage the sisters The in that noble Work. In the language of Harbor, is a place of pilgrimage, old church has leen replaced by a modern scripture, to feed thf hungry, .clothe the , building, Byzantine style, on. the facade is naked, to nurse and administer to the sick a belfry one hundred and fifty feet high, embraces the highest point of the moral rmou n ted by statuex)filie j rgiiiJie, la W that exported ot nmTMity; Ihr hundred and forty steps leads to the lower fact of which, is so well acknowledged by church, one hundred and seventy lour to all sects, all ereeda, and all people wiietlier tiie uppjr the view repays one for the Christian or barbaridif;. and woman, with climb the view at the foot is magnificent. her feminine nature and her sympathetic. The C lurch 01 St. Victor is beautiful and feelings'Tias so well adapted- her fa) tlie in front 'is a bronze statue "by Reams," position that she has done her work so well Tlie" that it really appears to be one of the great of, xM. de Belyunce, in prayer. celebrated by est essentials to human happiness,' She has Marsailles good bisliop, 1726 re-- . iabored for .6000 "years in the good work Pope,"", who during the mained performing the soleimti duties of his and no wonder that the Prophet Joseph Relief . office. dntere4iUT cmijjw At noon weeftTth ing city with a. wisn to see it again. ' Society, as he saw how much more good Taking the train for Cannes the journey could be done in a united capacity;-mawas shorUtiid interesting, we had exquisite the organization always have that support now the franchise bit'sjofjaidscapes aud the Islands and bits 'j "that they deserve, and is of "water views enuallv as beautiful while has been :ivcu her, it4 to be hoped her Tier, useful passing thestations there were pretty little new obligations may not lessen flowerVardensand well dressed people wait- - ness in her acts of mercy nor- burden her. 111 ingibr the trains; the air was perfumed but .with' life's cares, that she maynot share uinan happiness. I," be" 'all was not clover 3hd varied sceneK not; so entrancing. Soon we lieye with sufiragrvvouiau vyill be abie to reached our station and climbing into" a .extend her usefulness in helping to improve in other ways, dillegance, we drove up, .".up the hill each ..j' the civil a flairs of socie needy; and so far as turn revealing more be villas, landscape, gardens, flower spread patronage in civil government she will find ... banks, ancWthe "Sea reflecting the' azure every place tor whicn sue is by nature ana of a matchless sky," the party exhausted, qualification adapted Joh Wayman. the adjectives, ere we ; reached," Hotel de iir-ilower- s j : . j I . ! j ' -- - j The suiV has gone' down in splendor, The morning brought forth rain.. The clouds have hung low in ..the morning, Pre night we nad sunshine again. -- . ; ; 4 , The bow of the moon "would hohljhe horn, Yet sunshine has come vvith the rain; ' e So what e'er our faith in years nia the trust We ui again. cannot ., Tire Snipe's sad cry m re rain, more rain Has been answered with Meadovvlarks thrill; And in spile of frost, hail and snow, The grass and wee blossom's still by-gon- e ; ! Have. been growing; and green is showing All through the furrowed field: ,' bow of promise And Gave hope Lr i harvest ield. We had better be up and doii:g; e - j j 'Improve the shining hours" If God wills that we must have rain We should work between the showers'. " M. H. T. Griffetii. Fairview, Idaho. : j- - ; - . , : " . '. t,vvb-Lwh- ich ' ; PAKisOct. 13, 1895. ' A nierry party left Hotel Central for tlie depot, taking the first class ''Raapide'' at 9 a. m. for .Marailles. going via .Dijon, Alacon and 'Lyons. The train was most comfortable with conveniences such as we have at home, but divided into compartments, our party had two,, we Tiad our meals aboard, lunch We drank and dinner being excellent. mineral water which I did not like. We passed some beautiful scenery and saw. many vineyards. Dijon is now the centre of trade for the wines of Upper Burgundy. Arrived just at nightfall at Lyons, the. -eapital of the department, of the Rhone, situated oil the tongue of land, inclosed between the Rhone and the Sao'ne. We z windows saw froirjr, the lighted city, the Church of Notre Dame de Tourvieres. A S'piare which we .supposed was that of Louis le Grand, and ' the'quays along the Rhone, the lamps were numerous so we could see very well, and iegreUed not stop ping a day to visit the manufactories and the Palais de Beaux Arts which contains interesting Roman Antiquities. At eleven p. m. we arrived at Marsailles the city was ''en fete" the scene Very gay the square was beautiful with lights, ilowers tropical plants" and frmUfthe people Were singing and Jaughmgand serviiijfrcsti-ments- . The sojdrers wers preparing to sail for Algiers, oivaiie morrow, and seemed as happy as ifgoiiig on a pleasure trip. .; Welrove to Graad Hotel de Noailies, trance-- to court is beautiful with ' ' k - ' . . then . beautifully4-the-RelieFSocie- s-- j j , j . . j Dki-gu- is.--mo- st j - y -- ( j -- : - wevmauy j j : I- -- . ; 