WO M A N'S LoVlNGLY iNSCkihKh .';" KXi'ON K NT, As Treasurer in the first was placed, And then, as Counselor next we know : . - JA YEARS. To beloved' Aunt Eliza Snow. Most loving greetings I ' now semiv They Jji'vhave traveled farand wide, Stood by each other", side by side, : Jn Jittk ways unknown to man, ' Aunt Zina oft has raised her hand To soothe the heart, thy swollen eye, Whcn none but she and God were high. "She'3 traveled o'er the dusty plain, The desert hot, in hail and rain, -She talked where brethren could not To brightest minds in this fair land. the dying, closed their eyes. And prayed to meet them jn the skies. "". With Prophets been a Helpmate true,' And a kind, good counselor unto you:'. Her days are.spent in work divine. Yes every moment of her time Is given to serve her Father, God, And help us bow beneath the rod. ' ; Ah, miy we emulate her ways, Ask God to bless her closing days, And prove that we her teachings prize By meeting her beyond the skies. .May peace and health, and days increase And joy and love on earth ne'er cease May each and all, and everyone Thank God for dear Aunt Zina Young. Min'nie Loveland Snow. ' -- On this auspicious day to you; The annivers.ii7;.C(f y'ouibirih When Father sent you here on earth, A great and noble work to do. ' ' , She-soothe- d .. tears-'Mi- d I i , UW, O may you live while life is sweet, , , And in the twinkling of an eye Be changed at last with angels nigh; ' To drink of "Living water." . aArbor,-Jan.-29th,-T8g- E. R. Shipp. jr TO AUNT ZINA. At Watertown in 'twenty one Aunt Zina's life on earth began, Just five and seventy years ago, Left heaven to dwell oil earth below. For goodly parents she with, pride Can point to England's sunny side, As Champion of Queen Elizabeth, Sir Edward Dyinock met his death. And ere on this dear land of ours, Her fathers fought in sirn and showers, The Declaration too was signed office By Sam u el H u ntington, we find, And when our land with war was sown The Huntingtons' there too were known And dear Aunt Zina, brave and true, Has always been a soldier blue. She, of the mobbings in Nauvoo, Has told the tale to me and you, Of angels singing in Kirtland, When mighty'spirit swept the stand,. Filled the Temple with rushing wind Aunt Zina was there then, we find. Relief Societies she graced, . e - anotherjejmm reading Tberegular program began by Law of by Parliamentary of the 1st Chapter -- ... . -- '' i Ella W. Hyde, followed by a discussion and review of the Chapter by the mem- Phcebe C. Young then read a very l,prs the interesting paper on Herbert Spencer merits and demerits of which were discuss-- I .. ed by the Club. Single Tax was the sub-.and read by iect of the next paper prepared " Meeting adjourned for Dr. R. B. Pratt. one month Benediction by Lydia D. Alder. E. R. Shipp .Rec. Sec. . . . n three-fiuarter- oay 01 s reuruaiy cvu) beiuui. )wia uic some day celebrating its world will skies. The Christmas under ' In three sucbnisness is thus managed. cessive century years, which would otherwise be leap years, February has to do withWhen the out its twenty-nint- h day. aronnu-- it nr rentnrv fourth -' " Jvearcom.e,s J lean vear. Thus we take back every 400 years the three days we' have been giv- ' ing away to make up the "twenty-nintdays of February. The year 1900 is the last of three successive centurial years without a 29 day. The year 1600 vas leap - - -x'rnn and 1800 were not.' nor will 1006 Jvpnr' be. By this method the commencement oi the vear will not vary more than one day from its present place in 200 centuries, even such a variation would tell in .time, but no doubt the beings .who people the world in that "dim and distant future" will be equal' to the' occasion. mid-summe- : . ; " h pre-nn- rf -- Receive thou, blessed of the Lord; 7 by glorious and just reward. "Well done my faithful daughter." P. c- On Thursday, Jan. 30th ; this. interesting organization met as per adjournment at the Presioffice of the VToriian's 'Exponent. dent E. B. Wells in the chair. Meeting StevenElizabeth with J. by prayer opened son. Roll called and Minutes read and Miscellaneous business being approved. next in order C. C. R Wells made a motion which was seconded by Ella W Hyde, that the President appoint a committee to ;iiitnhlp rplnltons ronpratulatinp' the- Ltah Woman s iresAJUmJim nieln1ersTlrs. Isabella Cameron Brown, is at present the recipient of Congressional honors. The motion was carried unani. mously, and R. B. Pratt, E. R-- Shipp"; and L.; D. Alder were named as a Committee. was made and car"Another motion ried that the same Committee should make honorable mention of the 75th birthday of Zina President of the N. W. R. S., and that such Resolutions should be recorded in the minutes. The financial report for the last' two years was then read by Treasurer C. C. R. Wells. A motion was made and carried that the report be accepted with A motion that Antoinette specifications. lirown'Kinhev be admitted to membership was carried unanimously. The chairman of the Program Committee, Ruth M. Fox, reported work done for three months, Ella W. Hyde moved, that as their labors were, not very qnerous and as they were a very efficient Committee, that they continue in ..- ,'.' For the next eight years the "February days'" of .the old rhyme will tx: ' twenty-eight,and there will Ijc naday New add(:d to make them twenty-nine- . comers into the world m the twenty-nintof next February will therefore, strictly speaking, be unaoie toceieorate tlittr birthday for eight years. Why is it that leap year is thus about to' take so long a leap? Most of our readers, of course, know the jueaning of leap year. Our year represents the period of 365 days occupied by the earth in its mighty journey of six hundred millions of miles round the sun. If the journey were performed in exactly 365 days there would be no leap year, but it occupies a little longer, viz, five hours, 48 minutes, 56 seconds, or within 11 minutes, 14 seconds of a quarter of a day. In four extras amount to about 23 years-theshours, and, in order that the seasons may not in course of time be put out of joint, a whole day is added every fourth year to February. This roughly balances matwe thus add a UutN v when ters. whole day and have only 23 hours to do it with.itisobviousthat we have gone too far. the bank of time is overOur account-upodrawn to the extent of 11 minutes, 14 of an hour crnrwU n venr or every four years, 'and at the end of 128 years we have in this way given to our past February s a whole day. At this rate we ' should in 400 years be three days rbehind Hnw am we to balance the account: it is . And now'while thousands grateful raise, Their loving voices to thy praise With words of approbation. I too would add my humble lay To those who now their tributes pay In fond congratulation. And all your noble works complete, Both for the dead and living. To see the triumph of God's cause, . And deep submerged alloinjust laws, While. man tfrowsiiorefoTgivrng: (J " In f iu'C tirnAi . - - oH until 1904. F ' Life's rugged path and kindly soothed With healng touch the sick and sad, '., And by thy loving sympathy. Left burdened hearts from sorrow free,' : And made the troubled spirit glad liin ic op-portuni- ,ty , How oft thy gentle hand hath smoothed upon, "which we have just ai to; avail tjiemselves of the traditional privilege that leap year confers will do well to remember that the presented by 1896 will not recur ! ". ' y-- 4U1, J feel distx)sed ! t thy-birt- . fntrul , And through these long eventful years, You've shared with Saints their joys and scenes of carnage strife and blood, When persecution's raging hand Spread devastation through the land, For right and truth you firmly stood. Predestined by Heavenly power, - You came at the "Eleventh hour" In these the glorious Latter-days- , h Now Zion's daughters bless And useful mission on the earth, ' And for thy virtues give thee praise. Tin: ; .. Among the choicest spirits there, Our Father sought, with all wise care; To choose thee for thisTearthly sphere,"'. He knew thy true integrity, '.' And all thy grand nobility, Esex Telegraph, England, Jan. I r, 1 m ap-ai- -- m " iT n " h' - I . Miss JknniK Young, of Scotland, has. been in Mexico tor some time, arranging for the purchase of land for a large Scotch COlOny WUICU over. itntimj '.'' . ' vvj- 11111 Supreme Court of Ohio, in the case F. Mills vs. the Board of Elections on Feb. S that the statute giving the right to vote at school elections Jsiralid and constitutionaL J.. TiiK of Bird decided 'women ; 