IN" TIIK INTERUST ()F IIKALTH. York .daughter) she ...has several children who call In iSSishe" visited relatives her mother, now grown to manhood and and Vermont ani collected' genealogical , the )tans TiU'iint: she has records of her ancestry; and while away womanhood", to whom to her given own. and m Lvimr :ittentioiHs IlKKi: I senl you aiiijthcr.jjbr 'T-often spoke in Suudav schools and temper o , ii I ' ance meeting . I rtnerneaini YUTiicir lanuiies and ih: celebrated' mc i 01. the wile , . public health. V ' congress at iJUUUi . . rw aiterlus aud in Nauvoo, Several years since I was talking with Convention in New York city; bisterina phet Joseph Smith It to Brigham Young. business woman who, vith her sisters, has also assisted the Elders in organizing a death was married, uew-i m details into is impossible to enter Relief Society at Cohoes, New York; durlong conducted a millinery and also a dressUpwritten Yolumes might paper article. making establishment;:- I had placed-stresing that visit. and far has er Zina-hname gone of Sister upon the need, of great care in the handlins; In 18S2, when the Deseret Hospital was for her is everywhere known she which passes through wide, and is of paper 'money, established, Sister Zina was chosen vice Church the in woman no good works; "everybody's" hands and wallets, and rc president, and occupied the arduous position better known or more .highly respected, and marked found it so objec-that I .for twelve years: the same year she attendshe is appro-- , tionable that frequently home but abroad; rtnt nt nnk' I wrapped it Ju fine, - rle.i"ed the National Suffrage Convention in which in mother a Isreal, priately designated betore placing 11 in my purs-jaim .paper Omaha, and visited relatives in St. Joseph. c iv. ho tiet'ti. iti vprv added that it really needs disinfectii)n. Sh, Mo. At this convention she" made the actold me that for some years she had carbolic quaintance of several celebrated women,-Maacid in the till where the money is kept, Wright Sewall, Phtebe Cousins, and and thought they had really protected ANNIVERSARY PARTY. others, also Susan B. Anthony, whom she from disease in this manner; La.,! had already' met here on her first Visit to TJtali 'in 1870, and afterwards in New On the morning of Sept. "ist, 1895, the year I inquired of several bankers if thct York. Sister Zina has continued her labors Saints of Farr West and many of the used such precautions. T vo of theui npliecUbey had never done so, but the answer among the people and in the house of the realitives and friends of our worthy Bishop t nrA reuurO Jvear after vear.' and W. F. McEntire and his. estimable, wife from the last replying I send - you . inst-XyVJlV T..W Dear Madam: Your note of the 19th thousands rise up and call her blessed, She met to celebrate the sixtieth birthday- also was for thirty years and even more, a dili. their fortieth wedding anniversary; the is at hand. In reply, would say that behave not made it a practice to disinila ... ward clerk had. the bishop very busily enjgent Sunday school teacher. money or pajers until recently. At pater After the decease of Sister Eliza R. Snow gaged in looking over the ward records, dinner as this time we consider the practice a protec-tioin December "1887, Sister Zina being her and his wife was busy preparing to Ourselves here in the bank and als she had invited her family and some friends first" counselor, continued acting president this was to the. public at large. Respectfully yours, until April, 188S, when she was called by to take dinner with them, While in line, "Charles Kmk rson, Ass't Sec y. " President Wilford Woodruff and set .apart going on the crowd met and formed Relief Society Catk: A. K Subbing Delroit, 'Jan. '.). to preside over the Relief Society. - In 1 89 1 , headed by the baud; next the to marched and friends and relatives connectthen the Relief Society became formally their residence, the band struck up a lively of ed with the National Council of Women to Harriet Pkusoxs sending twenty-centair which aroused all in the house, the the United States, which entitles the presiat Ilotel Arno, Washington," in this Bishop opened the door to see what U Taylor Upton," dent to the position of P. C.,. will receive copies of the daily papers his bauds and exclaimed. uo threw meant, the when In council. congress 1893, great After the skaking of for the week of the Convention. of representative women from all the world 'Til surrender;" t two Mrs., Deborah Ri:edv eighty-ei- j met in the Art Palace-iChicago at the hands all proceeded to the hall, where time of the World's Fair, Mrs. Young was tables were spread full length of the hall, yearsold.ol Attleboro.lass., voted "yes on and the rieht loaded with the bounties of life, then the the referendum, She writes to a grand-niecnnrl- ha A the nrivilepre nreon ' ' O I in Oakland, CaL: "It seems that worthy couple were presented each with a of taking part in the important proceedings. beautiful rocking: chair; also a handsome some women stand squarely in their own Olit lllrJ HCtU tt lAJtV.V.HU ivtv. and were then seated at light, and do not want', their rights; so ety in one of the halls of the Art Palace, photograph album, seated those who do must wait awhile. IviiiaL wViirh much attention. At tnis the head of the tables, alter all were nttmrted W , t I , "suffrage will come, sometime, though in the eelinJsabellaeecherJiooterriiUzaDein-B- r for the j not far distant future." composed byhimself very applicable Lisle Saxon and other celebrities were pre , occasion. sent, and some of them requested the priviTiiE social side of parliamentary life in was a was lunch After followprogram On" oyer, the Sunday lege of speaking. England, set forth by Mrs. Humphrt'y first being music from the band, Mrs. rendered, the in services hall, at the large ing addressed the as- - Ward in her. new novel in The Century, Young was seated upon the platform with Hon. D. H. Peery. next to meet with so .J "Sir George Tressady," will be a revelasembly, said he was happy fourteen women ministers of different detion to American readers. With the dinner and oldlriends his of them acquaintances with many nominations, conversing freely parties in Parliament Buildi" after the service upon the principles of on this haoov occasion. conratulatecLjJi air receptions on the Thames Embankment, ourfaith. She also attended the Congress ot Bishop and his wife, spoke of his long ac it nresents a. nicturesnup contrast to. Charities and Philanthropies, of which she is quaintance with them, and of their many, American Congressional customs. "Mrs. Young's labors have good traits of character, thanked the sisters been unceasing and though she has reached for the good dinner, also thanked the band QUeen Christina of .Spain has beea P. music dimEx. for excellent the not is usefulness Bishop, her chosen arbitrator to Settle a long standing such a great age, said God bless of G. of field her the Harrisville,; as increases Taylor inished, but dispute oyer the boundary lines of Columbewrords of in praise labors widens out, and develops more and you all, spoke many bia, Equador and Peru. This is- the fiW wife and and serof half our bishop niany time in the history of the world that a wo-- . more. Her entire time is given in. the ' to of words all, encouragement vice of the Lord, in the duties of her calling man has leen .chosen to' settle" "an inter-then Our all thanked rainistra responded, in the Relief Society and tothe bishop national dispute; Her administration of said all we are brothers been and has she tions in the Temple, where very kindly, Spanish affairs has : been characterized by in1 sisters-awhole sisters heart and and deed, ; long very called to preside over the "my tact and statesmanlike abilitv. controlledvs ; j the. is toward out all. soul bare God the beautiful which of a poured May scarcely life, not leat and by high ' "Music debless is amen:' the Zina Sister here." by are outlines band," of her claims to admiration is the fact that you, given Lucinda beloved "Shall we sjie has maintained peaceilLa:coimtry-4i- u the of a woman by by Stephenson, song people, cidedly the Saints for her many excellent qualities, verbial for being in a statef constint un- - . Brother Holland, Jacob, Thomas rest and turmoil. The eTTntegTity to tfie Gospel and her abundant peaceXmovement in and we thanked have all, hoped might charity. Europe has not yet evolved atiWhing ui' re it snch more indeed was occasions, a many Zina here of Sister We have 'only spoken Jbeautiful - sun-w- as beautiful of a in the woman Jdayasth&shining a as Madame Potouie Pierre in the manifeslo capacity public went pff as bright and deand all brightly but the sisters, sent by the French women to"theirisicrs missionary laboring among her home life has been equally exemplary lightful as the day. of the German Peacek Society: "Tlie and successful. She is tender and motherly 7 is too small to permit oKiuaukind destn Mary A. Stephenson, Prest. in her nature, and though she has not had a MelindaJ. Rawson,- Sec. ine each other in anv corlner of it. - llrWest a and Farr Jan. 18, 1896.. man' s voice.' large family of her own (two sons iiL-Ne- ' -- " ' J 1 L 1 1 W t V A V-W - 7" . - )' V . -y " . - - - , , , ' them-selve- s - u-lthn-ut . ' . ; . u ' , s vice-preside- nt j r n ! e V. V J A. V- - J : . A 4 V. LA. 4 V I - ; j . ! I npt-n- ! t- - - A vice-presiden- t. " -- - .. 1 moral-principle- ; -- than,thei:-sentiment-exressed4j- y ; prt. yr - 