SK)xkrf. m KENT .. t Odd IVilqwi, MasS IVPA VT VP 1 A I U l i . ttc,-- whoe banners, Wo il A iM'CO EMMEIJXE v'r' . ; " B. WELLS. , iC'"';- -- '"a: 'ir uif.- - ..-.- .. Knights of Pythias, "i 1 badges and parapher- nalia alwavs make a tine Laptearance,' therewas- - also nil' ciahK5niie""ii isplav . of" trades, iKxdj (.Applause.; InfoUoxvcJuLy-tarru- ige '.rlSirtinK - selections r -c--- '. new star and in .giving thanks fur the alian donment of Territorial bonllai'e for that ninnperfect- government to be found under State- - , . - - i 4c.Q4Mi"i"' -" ... . . .v. - 1 . 1 i t. ... T - A TVT-- t-- . v r.in of. music 'by . xw lin'irlilu Movr-u.ls'it'iiri- i rnM.li.ii.hu,' the, that Resident Woodruff was to have o&m on account, of his tdrftaml-- the opening prayer;-.bu.sp.ee one time. L5o; per mcnth, $3 00. li count to rCfTUiAr advertisers. liiin c hrvilf f mm fi" ' .I.. . . ... w ....... . finer ...... n.ia nAur w xv v vii;v,4 ' aiivi v vi r il.i.vri'n(Y vuv ExroNtNT office. Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution HuiUi- was recorniifed by the crowds who filled;; had prepared an Invocation which wa- tng, Main Street, opposite Z..C. M, 1. Uasines.s hours from the windowSj piazzas, doorways and side-- , delivered by ' President Cieorge O. Can lo a.m. to 5 p.m. every d.y except Sunday. Address all.bufiness communications to ;; walks made the affair a t r in mphaf march, non. ' ,; PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT,- The great choir, of one thousand voices all the way alonir to Ihe ureal Taberr.aelc where'the inauguration was to take place- saugvith. "unsurpassed enthusiasihj the The decorations of the . .Tabernacle were "Star Spangled Banner, ' ' while fiags wavef . Entered at Of.ce in Salt L.ike City, Utah.af econ J class matte u iiiq ue, Jlie:great: A iherican ZflagM effectively'and delight as" apparent on: tinTumultuous 0 d "Glory the la rge s t ever in a de,cove red faces of the assemblage. the the entire 1S96. of: the dome of applause by cefitral surface patriotic throng filled the Salt Lake diTY, Jan.uarv i, and 15, this vast,, auditorium (its exact size is 75 building. star for Utah by 150 Test.) The forty-fift;Ho'n. Joseph L. Rawlins was introduced THE INAUGURATION. yzs placed in the; uppr, corner of the flag ainid cheers and applause and read Presi- Ti?K glad news of the Proclamation' for and an incandescent light Was so arranged dent Cleveland's Proclauiatiou announcing statehood inUtali, being .issued and signed as to throw its rays upon the Jfousands of the admission of Utah, which we publish in full. by President Cleveland on. the morning of people who filled' the galleries and body of in January, th, 1S96, was received here with the house this capacious building. From A I'kCCI - A M AT ION . . the greatjlag were numberless red, white uuunu.i.uin leiegrapueu an over tnenewiate, so mat. and Wereas, the' Congress of the United joining tlie elaborate trimming of flags States passed an act which was the demonstrations of rejoicing were genapproved on crab The tidings .reached "This, city at and bunting which decorated the gallery, the 16th day of July, 1S94, entitled "An act and fliree minutes probably the All the speakers' stands and pillars of the to enable the people of Utah to. form a confirst olficial business of the morning, at the-- , h,n!se ;were artistically, draped with the stitution' and State government and to be White House,- - which seems particularly; national colors, and an immense ASnerican, admitted into the Union on an equal footing' surmounted the tower of the great witlTthe '' auspicious. The message was received '!. which act provided original States, with acclamation in all that the word im- - 1 organ under which was" the name Utah for the election of to delegates a const tu- illuminated. We are electrically Cannons the j. happy tioual convention to meet at the seat firing fim plies. liighest 'm this connection, and .as a,.matter t0 sa' near bells the whistles city,. points ringing, of the Territory of U tah on the blowing, stars and strines floating from all of history.- that a woman, Mrs. Margaret. first Monday in March, 1S95' for the A purpose . i vn: th Ciiinp .,r umsie :it.i.. rr in uauuMui iiuuauic of the of piay constitution the piaea, declaring adoption and the air, fairly echoing with shouts of designing and in superintending the actual of the United States by the people of the prowork of decorating the Tabernacle. joy from the multitude. Never was stateposed State and forming a constitution and On the speakers' stand were many promihood morestrongly emphasized, we think, State' government for such State and, than on that never to be forgotten day, that nent citzens, among them the following: Whereas, delegates were accordingly Presidents Woodruff, George Q. Cannon brought freedom to women, as well as men. elected who and declared 011, the full rights and privileges of citizenship. and Jos. P. 'Smith, Hon. Jos. U. Rawlins, behalf of the met, organized people of said proposed Stat?" their adoption of the Constitution of the United States, all as provided in said act; and W-E reas, said conventK-so. orgnni7-r4the hannv occasion, and for a ball to ht missioners dTdb' ordinance irrevocable' without the aTh consent given in. the theatre the isajneemiur-I- I of the United States andjthe people, a joyful as well as Cannon, Brigham Young, R. C. 'Chambers. "niTildTTin1111' day of said ia'ctt provide State, as reqhired -J...W. Whitehead, General Penrose of the a historical event. ' ' that perfect toleration of religious sentiment U . b. A., and numerous other army officers Harly on Monday morning Jauuarr' 6th, shall be secured and that no inhabitant of the grand celebration so long anticipated .. Among the latter, were Adjutant General said State.shall ever be molested in person or begun, the streets : we re thronged with John U. Lanncn, lingadier General R. W. property on account of his or her mode of people,- thousands ' of visitors from other Young, Colonels X. W. Clayton and Frank religious vorshi p, but that iolygamous or .. parts of the state, besiuethe home poptila- - Jen n ngs. ever prohibited; and rtroliTlihlintwalTaTmost impossible to pass JreeisdvjiU did also said ordinance make the other ards called the vast assemblage to order. various by along p''UKHnglif.th-srecited in sec. 3 of said stipulations The magnificent procession was in charge He spoke very briefly and the substance of v. ,v and ;.' act; of Grand Marshal Robert Burton and Adhis remarks .was as follows: "I .feel very Whereas, said convention thereupon forjutant General John Q. Cannon. sensibly the great honor that the committee med a constitution and. State government for ha-- conferred The military parade presented an imposupon me in selecting me to, fill said proposed State, which constitution, tins impprtant position today. For nearly ing spectacle- bands of music, banners, ' with flags, and fine horses and officers in fifty years the people of Utah have been including said ordinance, Avas duly subuniform cannot fail to produce enthusiasm patiently and prayerfully waiting tor this mitted to the people" thereof at an election held on the Tuesday next' after the first on any occasion .and this was exceedingly auspicious occasion- - this blessed day,, Monday of November, i8(n. as directed Inimportant, as welP. as historic. Foremost since my childhood I have been taught hat said act; and among the officers from camp was General the time would come when the citizens of Whereas, the return of said election has Penrose of the U. S. A. and several others Utah would be accorded every political and been made and canvassed and the result . with companies n uniform and the Xational civil right granted to citizens,' thereof certified to me Guard conspicuous also with Brigadier throughout the United States. Not Wc together with a state-- ; ment otUvqtes.CiistiLnda copy ofsaidxorr General R W. Young, Colonels N- W. than three generations of people ' areiliviug4 9 ... stifutHSiTand Oi. 1.., .1.:.. 'i who nave never ordinance, all as provided in Clayton and Frank Jennings. juixiiit-s-neotate cast a such act , vote for a President of the ' United States. showing tha t a majority of the 5rjvem0TTHe1OI7Vfells with head unvotes lawfully cast at such election was for the covered, with the State and Territorial of. But on November next they will .to go stitut io.n ficers and Judges in carriages als 'Mayor the polls and exercise that privilege niTtng"t:anS adoptioii-of-saidrcthat all' unci hd" Citv officials with other dioiiitnnV; ordinance; and freemen love so well. This is the proudest Whereas, the constitution and trovern-- - ' formed a long line followed by citizens; day of my life, and when I say that, I but meut of said TheiVseenied to be innumerable bands of express the feelings of at least a proposed State are republican ofa in quarter said form, constitution is not repugnant to mnsic and many and secret societies, million of people who all join in salutincr tl the Constitution of the United States and the AimtuinsratW ih nonr.reil!: waving a. liberal J bowing, lifting of hais, lines of dis-.- llif.- i - v. . a .tf i. t V : ilr-in- . v i 1. - . . thel-Pos- t urt 4 - y , ' 1 - 1 " : h . , -- j : j -- . - . 1 f -- m w i -- byiit - ; 1 j ! - -- 1 ; lor - . '. ' ' - - - . their-fello- w - i- - 1 . . on - ci-vi- c 