KXIONKNT WOMAN'S bXfthNBN'I WOM AN'S Hut ,.i.SM-,...- k LLS CJ.NO.V iC"tt!is), ' MifrUl Cmtrihuf. Published in. Salt Lake City. Utah. Irms: on? copy one year. l,co; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction marie 'tor clubs. Cty 'papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. A lv'ertisin rates: Each square, ten lines of ndnpfjeil sp.ce one timLi.$o; prr month, 3 00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Kxponknt office, Rooms 227 A 228 Constitution Buildfrom ing, Main Street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Harness hours Sunday.-Addresto a.m. to S p.m. every day, excrpt all business communications to sfcmi-month- jj, -- .s)R-ilUwa.- A... ,. v UW.-; i,n.!,, ..r,,;i iiiiiiiviir'ii.n 4 VlliiWiV.il turn - jjwi'tvM afewlay4l1:ibrc aiHloly oi" six- ANNIR il it UtllHM, lllVIW lliail J,,- - think tint wt.- - shall The' life of Sister say, ' Go 1 knew the If. M.' Whitney, nlwumds with ihrilini: events, and volumes might be written of her history, which is hi fact-history of the Church, so closely has slm been connected with its founders and j a ! men and women. Intimately associated with Joseph Smith. .when a child .' and from that lime until his martyrdom,. Land also with Brigham Young who lived in ) Hi rrC. Kimball's family after the death of his first wife i:i the State of New York,-and jourueved with Ileber's family to Kirtland, taking with bun his two little mother-les- s girls Klizabeth, and Vilate, who were like sisters to Helen; and Sister Kimball mother. was indeed like a md Looking back leading I . I TRIBUTTv. MA K K IM II E ItK N U A EL Will T N E V . ! by small slow footsteps, By the daily cross, By the heart's unspoken yearnings, By its grief and loss ; So He brings them home to rest So - . : 1S96. - KDITORIAL NOTKS The sisters ; best.'! ' Entered at the Pott OJiet i S.ilt .Lake Ctfy, Utah, as , tccnd-clas- f matter. - , oflerstand." I aiPer!-comui- Salt Lake City, Utah. Dr.cr.Mj'.F.K 1, rtetad SV.Wd.miVrtv . it had an unkind word. This 13 a remarkable testimony and shows beyond a doubt in what high esteem she was held by her family. . .Thii record of itsejf .is upon her life any mother in Israel might be proud of, in a day when thcie is so much indifiVrence to superiors and lack of reverence for the aged. PUHLISllER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lak Citv, .rd-?-.il- 6r.i-V6weCharr.lraiwr-An- s . I 4Urpuithp,t.tt..l m,.i!K;: )..-.- ;! . . will we trust read the arti- cles containing information of the National - Viih'ihe:viciorsrcrov.iicPand .fclesir So by scattered ruins, By sweet links unbound, By fair blossoms all unheeded, Trampled on the ground; roveFlhTseventTs-T)Tiiigstcmi ! i j. n ... so well. So He brings them home to Him, Where .no cloud their joy. can dim. Council of Women, as it is the orgauia-tioto' which the1 Kelief Society and V. L. M. A ..arc connected, and in which Zina I). H. Young and Khnina S, Taylor are juany The things of which Helen often talked. Gospel was her all, she cared for little else and being of a particulirly. s)iritual nature she loved to bear testimony of things she knew the vallev early in After our arrival-iOct. iSpS, Horace settled on the Jot facing City Creek" where the family lived until recentlv. It was there Helen's children were born that are living now, and there loo several of. them died. One very beautiful daughter, Vilate, named for Vilate Kimball' others when babes, and one .beautiful little girl the youngest, Phebe. Through all the trying scenes Helen has been called to pass she maintained perfect integrity to the truth of the ' ?ospel and the divine mission of ' Joseph Smith; she accepted practically every principle of the Gospel and was ing to make sacrifices for the establishment of the same.. Naturally Helen had literary and refined tastes but in writing she inclined to the heroic and prophetic, inheriting - from" her illustrious father the gift of prophecy. Her delicate health was a great hindrance to her in writing ; many tunes during the last few years she "would have' published her: thoughts .and views on the burnfne questions of the day "if she had had the physical strength; but she has rone now where she can doubtless give expression to feelings without thinking and Without bodily paill; And s) one bv one the "coin-firpanions of our youth, the friends we have n i Perhaps no woman in Israel now living knew Sister Helen better than the writer, office-aPresitheir of virtue by her past history, her inner life. I knew her dents of these two great Associations, and in her youthful pride' and brilliancy when it was often said-- of "they are consulted in all matters pertainher, " She was the ing to the National Society as a whole. It handsomest girl in Nauvoo." She was is well for all our Relief 'Society and also beautiful with the dieuitv of a queen. I the Young Ladies' to make themselves saw her in the Temple when she plighted familiar with the workings oT 'the Council her marriage vows to Horace .K, Whitney as it is a" powerful organized body of wo(eldest son of Bishop. Newel K. Whitney,) men of great attainments and influence, and 011 that day she seemed to have attained the much in ther adcannot fail to accompli-realization of her ambitious hopes and vancement of the world and the betterdreams A few days after we left Nauvoo, ment of society. the Misissippi river on the ice and Two celebrated women visited Utah dur- - began that wearisome journey over the un- a ,.,;n. w... ....ii..-til iii(j ..!... view Ot WHt- - broken piuiiies uf Iuaj; not Very propijiv.v..iuii mm, vwiu wedding trip. But I am not going to mg up the wohian's side of the election. tious riv-vnn hf-- historv., onlv .a few remarks Mrs. Black well known as (Annie Laurie) j j on her eventful life. She had been almost in San l:rancisco an(lv.ew York )ajefs; and Virginia. Y. Douge, who was sent here idolized by her father, as nearly so as such a man as the Apostle Heber C. Kimball by the National Republican Committee. We hope we shay see tlie published account could do consistently. When the pioneers given by them 61 the' recent election, as we were called to search out- a, resting place fur thSaiiits, Helen's husband and father from the inside' view. Both these ladies were uom among uie men cnosen. "Those were the days of sickness, sorrow, are accomplished and" talented women," and will dpubUess handle the subject in a masprivation, hardship and death, such as tried terly way. Miss 'Douge has lived much in men's souls and women's likewise. Helens babe a. beautiiul little girl was born Spanish American countries, and has writ... ten considerably upon subjects relating to anu viieu. i.i w ..v.ii arr,"r. . i.i uuvtisii; iia wcii iu pi iipei lty in returned The these countries, has also published some safety and there leave us, but by and pioneers we shall all meet books ; does artistic work of various kinds ; was great rejoicing "when we heard of the over there if we arebyso fortunate as to beautiful vale in the West in the fastnesses is somewhat familiar with the.silk industry Fight the good fight and hold out to the in Utah, having been connected with the of the Rocky mountains. end," The' following spring we started across Committee of Judgt-- at the World's Kair. The early remini fences that Helen wrote Miss Douge lectured in Logan before the theT)lains, when about half way hitherla for the KxpoxENT a few years back constudents of the A grieultural College of fine son Was born to Helen, and there was tained' much Church history and were well Logan by invitation, during her stay in joy over the advent of this' little one even worth preserving; her two books ' Plural Utah of onlv a few davs. though the way was. toilsome and travel Marriage as taught by Joseph the Prophet ' ..1,t iiui ; s i.uutu live autrwaras uny yc The notice of the demise of Sister Rachel he was laid uciaycu and ' Why we Practice Plural Marriage, V a in the. lonely by waygrave Tanner piibliied was taken from the are for sale at the office of the side. to Itwould.be tell the impossible Dcscrtt, Jivcnin? iVcws, and thouch com and are (so far as the writer grief and anguish of the young mother at Insiructor, plete in itseiKaud historical also," yet of the kindDublisli 'Sljhlrcud.hr'rv wish to a del a word or two in honor of tine a mormon woman. They have gone e" oy veteran saint who has passed away. Our works combined could do was done by iov to many countries, and. these alone should readers y ill remember we published the ing relatives and friends. Reason tottered make ' Helcv Whitney famous. and the almost faith only of sixtieth wedding anniversary party held superhuman a r - -- As a exem-plarat her dan jiter s7SislcT rKv7"S. Richards 'her father prevailed: she her children faith and the taught in this city last June 30th. Sister Tanner "And if sometimes commingled with life's wine of efficacy and'she i prayer, :sef tfiem a living w as look n g ver' fra i la t 111 at tini e t her We find the wormwood, and rebel and shrink, of imitation. example As a wife- worthy being so near was not then thought Be sure a wiser hand than, yours or mine " :: was she loving, devoted, loyal, true and of. Sister laiiner. had at the time of her j Pours out this potion for our lips to drink." constant. Duty was always first vhether Vice-Presiden- . ts ; s ' h Will-crosse- d ! ' 1 1 1 f r - - . I for ' ' st ; (ift-.urpi- ti. - j I - s . " . . .. C. 1 1 . ; . " ' - .molher-SisterVhithey-;w- ' ey j ! as y, . 