WOMAN'S THE ARBOR TRICE. All in holiday array - v, ' ' j '' 7 - ' ' ; I Watched its. tiny leaves unfold, 'And eagerly they guarded it,. From all dangers manifold. .'. - ". , .. . ; j : ' . v e The evening shades now darken . - Whippoor-'wil- lie-th- l . ' ; ' There is a life beyond the shadows . A life beyond the stars! Else, where did I hear the music With no discordant bars? And this the tree the children planted Grew both beautiful and strong Like a sentinel it guarded, The happy childish throng. . - When every day is done. Far away to the mountain Brings to my heart a" thrill. " , O, we yearn for the lifeimmortal As we long for the close of day; T . - When with weary.heavy eyelids We are fainting 'by the way. $ Oh! Does the sun's last setting And the shadows that come with the nipht Remind us that we are but mortal Not always to walk by sight? But the years bring many changes And as the children had to part With the school friends and the school days, So dear to every heart. The.dear old tree remained there, Through the years that come and go, Through the springtime with its verdure, : Through the winter wifh its snow. . . - ed.. Away from the bright siarry heavens I turn to the homes of earth; With a feeling of utter nothingness And how of little worth. Ever watching o'er the children, As thW play beneath its shade, Ever listening to the childish vows, - And the" many games they played. The P- Oh may this tree forever, Through the years that come and go, Be spared from wind and weather. From the woodman's fatal blow. v -- And live on and on forever, A mighty tree to be, fire-di- es Louise. As I loiter by the way; They brighten the pathway before me, With colors both varied and gay. Ah1. Weil we can go no iarther For God has willed it so; But sometime when the finite is ended We'll the vast and the Infinite know. 1896. j j i " -- T- The stars shine one by one; The sun's last fading rays, Proclaim the day is done.' " ' The loving; kine wend homeward Along the dusty way; The song birds trill their faintest notes-I- t is the close of day. ' . ' " . " v O, peaceful eve, O, holy hush That comes when the day is done, To soothe the spirit's restlessness With communings all its own. The thoughts of earth "now fade, To the unknown world they soar: And long torfashioa the- mystery Of the life that went before. . ; . s- keeps" or we may sa'y it is the association that corrects or demoralizes the man. Fur ther, a man' or a people can be measured by the way their time and powers are spent. For proof of it we only have to look about us and we can see the fulfillment of this in GIVE HAPPINESS. ' every individual in, their upward course to success or their downward course to failure. Give happiness. What if 'thy. heart be sad? I heard a person say that people were Dry thine own eyes to wipe another's tears. known by the clothes that they wear. It In this good world there are so many biers 1 seemed hard at that time, for an mifortu- . in blackest raiment clad, , be thus judged; but that Souls dazed by desolation and nate poor person to more or less, signi saying is filled with Mourning their dead dead hopes, dead joys, dead years. cance; for industry, perseverance, economy, and labor of time, Blind to the star that every midnight cheers, means, brings LJiappjness, health and wealth. But indolence, extrav Deaf to the song that makes each morning glad. agance xan'd recklessness, result in poverty, Give spicy blooms where flowers never grow, drunkenness and crime. Give food where starving hearts fight fate's As the outer man, so is the inner. The internalf If" Give.decree, externals an imprint-of-'th- e rest where tired hands and feet drag slow, the lieart is filled with graces," clothed with Give sight to eyes too full bf tears to see, care a of love the and faith God, charity, Give music where sweet trumpets never blow, for others will be exhibited in their acts, Give happiness, and joy shall garment thee. of manifested the be truenature there will . -- Emma C Db-d- , in the Congregalionalist. the being, which, is ths unfolding of the in- - Carried-hy-soul- s : half-mad- . . - City-Marsh- al. ' The silver moon ascends the sky And softly beams her light; O'er all the world majestic sails This glorious Queen of night. Hushed are the sounds of men A peace broods over all, Save now and then the night birds scream Sounds to its mate xa call. ' Mrs'-HaskelF- second term as Mayor, and she performed ner mines so saiisiactorny a complete woman's Council was elected this vear. Mrs. Haskell is a Democrat,, but the ticket was not elected on party lines, tire members of the Council beintr about evenly divided be- tween Republicaan ahd Populists. r Exr "A man is known by the company he -- Barnicv. ' IN EDUCATING THE HEAD DON'T FORGET TO CLOTHIv THE HEART. The twilight gently deepens ; Gayi.ord, Smith county, Kansas, is the second city in Kansas to pass under control of women exclusively. The city govern ment was turned over recently to the (oU lowing ofticers: Mayor, Mrs. Antionette Haskell, Pol ice "Judge, Mrs. Mary Foote. Members of the Council Mrs-- . Martha Johnson, Mrs.-- Luella Abercrombie, Mrs. Emma Mitchell. Mrs. Mary Whiteand Mrs. Nancy Wright. Miss Florence Headley was appointed City Clerk and Mrs. M. CHue, EVENING THOUGHTS. , KrA'iRA St.j'vVkns WOMEN IN OFFICE. are now on the wing, D. "'Alder..' Read before the conjoint meeting of the Y. L & M. I. A. of First and Second Wards Feb. iS 'Neath ourown dear Arbor" Tree. .. Dr. Lydia Arid children always love to gather, oh- - serves the laws oi God. Thus man or mortality approaches nearer to. divinity. Our culture should le continuous; if. so we are morally ejiriehed, and a knowledge of this fact once obtained, stimulates further exertion; as the individual has discovered a I previously hidden mystery .'thai the bitter, in hisorganism is being supplanted by some-- I thing more beautiful and desirable. The child first moves by instinct, 4)ut it requires constant watching, thought and growth, to man. develop the God-likis Law the first and grand principle by 'which man is protected temporally and spiritually. If we transgress the laws of naresult. If ture, sickness is liable to we transgress the laws of God, we meet his .displeasure or' disapproval,, and if His spirit is withdrawn from us aslnul said "We are ""of all men most miserable." Our, spirit has then lost luster, hope is defered, the law has been broken, and discouragement is the result, because His teachable spirit had departed. Dispangement is not always a hopeless condition. Great resultshave been achieved .when apparently all hope was lost, because some condition had awakened or stimulated fresh courage, and faith, a living moving principle to all action, still existed in the heart, and we learn, by it wot Ids were formed. It- - is the principle upon which God moves and man is sustain- low the throbbing heart beats faster But the song of the Thus ve are bound' 'ttT&Unowiedgv, j All life's today, yesterday Or that which is to come: " The sunsets flow with changing light For they loved this tree they planted And they longed to have it be, Free from every mark or blemish, A stately, perfect tree ternal.-- . raptac'sm trie TuinViiltaffbw:iie " -- . That to them 'twould be a symbol, Of a life upright and true, To their hearts a happy memory, ' Of the childhood that they knew. 3 V5 And sighs for the far away; O, where are the gorgeous sunsets That charmed us yesterday? : . Through the spring the children watched it, : w . . .. . . 1 The stars' tor answer twinkle In the vaulted space of blue; And cluster there in bands yf gol4 Their boundaries hid from view. ' There a little tree they planted, .Straight and tall and slim, Pretty verses there they chanted, As '"its roots they covered in. . J v'. forgo tteti ''i JSelore the scenes of earth.. Teachers, friends and scholars '.' I In which uf the shining, planets -- n EXPONENT. - - . V 