WOMAN'S ,, . KXPONEN'l . .J " you,''' should be, a lesson Hvc ?",' llm.&iior sir ' s laopnt-h.- i - mot. be ."with us. loiu " the effect of 'Yo-jh- J slie &?; 27 -: Gc:, ".v." ": :rv - sweet uirapiC spirit o: G::.::rption does not bi:ug q. -- p:r:: of alt Sa?-such as the Ivuli love, women as well as ccc n guard, at. all tidies all 'keep ilva e.i; rising, and seek the Lord sjr wisdoa .2 ical as well as in all other matter;, tie vo:t t- -r- ! ll'lllirii t flw i.t-w- - word ud h g - to in s mission this and other dispensa referred to Miriam and to Sarah tions, and Were so greatly honored of the Lord. Elder L John Xuttall, spoke upon the. fit organization of the. Relief Society by the Prophet, and of the fulfillment of the RELIEF SOCIETY- - On the 6th of August at 2 p. n., a meeting was held in the Canada house for the purjjose of n7gmhlzg z Re- lief Society in that ward.' :p Lewis Canrion arid one of his CoiinicI ,rv F. A. Gould, we're present and also EM.tr L. tl-vo- . 31 1 s- -a - i 1 - wo---i 1 ' 1 i s . 3 Soc-iet- v i-- :. V i ? 1 t-- i : 1 - 5ty I 1 - ; reguia-propheci- lns By-laws- ," j r-a j I 2 I ' T - o revelation to Emma Smith, and the won-M- . .j derfnl changes that had come to pass among j worsen all over the world since, because of the key of knowledge that was turned for lx.en invited to be present. E:sh p L. M. women by the Prophet at that time; said - : . .r . . he had studied the subject considerably and eauiiuu prcsmeu aira mrrtig w;tr: opcart. r ..'.'1 t .1 ravtr Joun-- mai L,ucrena .uou ana ivnzaueiu L02e, coneye M:n:: singing, was offered by Eider .Gculdr coatfaai by Cady Stanton had called the first Ccmmittee singing " Now let ut re;o:re" SLittr M. of women in 184S while our organization Isabella Home, President cf tie, RtEef dated back to March 17, 1842; he also alSociety "of Salt Lake Stake, was tie rst luded to the saying of Joseph Smith that "the sisters should provoke the brethren to speaker; she made some explarati-a.- 5 ;a rea. wh-.gard to the good works;" referred to many things and growth, and the changes mait tj se- that happened in those days, and said the cure property legally; als.3 as to tie changes made now were not the only, ones rlat hd been made in the Relief Society, lx;coming connected o the Nauaji! Ccanrf acr m ;ne L,nurch is progress was made; ol Women of the UnitI ajaits- - rwe:trrta to the Prophet, Joseph's words c.aeraia-- ' i thought the sisters should become familiar me iuiure 01 tee organization, ana saa- - the t 'v:i parnameuiary usiiges; uiese had been permitted and every one he mat?e at that time kerned scarcely possible of fulallmrnt, art hsd j should understand and observe them. Elder since come to pass in a wonirrfal way. I Nuttall then read the "Rules or Deemed it our 'duty to. take kdrantae' of I and the Society was organized, these organizations, and thoagl: rs. Sarah Jane. Cannon, President, strange liianrita-oen-atrtravs-rrgito. KtgccrtrbHafp and barah A. . Cannon. women s assonations; sa: m- zaaac Yice Presidents, Sarah Temery, Secretary, greater advancement when organized than j Mary A. West, Treasurer; Trustees Carlie, we possibly could otherwise. Saii we Y. Cannon, Sarah A. Davey and Martha L at should not yied to evil or A number of members were i Ti Cannon. ttmptai. keep humble and prayerful and we xi'A enrolled. . The Society, is to be known as not be led astray. "Ihe Cannon Ward Relief Society. President Horne gave some further instruction sai-Sister Home, her ile'had about the dw i the members, and told been thinking of the number llat vrre pre them that beside the "record kept here the r sent at the first organizatio notes taking, and they angels n f (in rC 1. linn t'jit tiail in iSauvo), Illinois. On tnat 0: Joseph Smith read tne revetian, atsnt organization were read and accepted and Emma Smith in wmcn sne is cacd tle ii,etting was adjourned to complete the or- Elect Lady," and said l"sle was czzkd ent gaaization bv setting apart the officers etc., but was now elected,' Sister Hyde spkel until TuesdavAugusU&t It p. m, at the of those sisters who were presrilarnscra-- . :f m'e r,!a with nvPr ! M. Ki: .'baO, Sarah Batlslelaing, . : U-e-n v.-l:- 1 v oHl'Pis ' not" noor-ar- e iu-Air- legalizing of our property; vemust live our religion and never apostatize, and must 'tr punctual in nil our duties." . a poem from Jean Ingelow entitled, ' I.TIie Sister E. B. W.eils sokc briefly upon the Dead Year," followed by a sketch from the educational benefits-o- f the Society, morally' life of Margaret, Queen of St Louis of and spiritually, and what she realized it had I'rauce. Dr. MB. Ferguson gave an into the women' iii these valleys, and teresting account "of the Democratic convenva.--l work that had been accomplished tion held at Chicago to which she was sent as a delegate. Meeting was then adjourned for mankind through the Society. Exhorted the young u omen to take hold of the for one mouth. Closing prayer by Mrs. work- and help carry the responsibility, Mary Morris; after which delicious-refreshawu ju(jA5ciiiL tiiai en while there were still some of. those living ijiuui wen. in. who had labored so diligently in laying the gaged Manila tion. Sister Smith and Home each hi A W Hvnif ( Vir s r j ; k eig2iii-iL-ie.w- CANNON" WARD till ?.'OI1wf of Women and their, candid cpmkris v. : II needed, but the faith aad traver aad tie spirit of peace which ought todtaraenze. women in the political atmoplere as mail s as in society and in the home will help very greatly. The writer has great :a;tl :s lit womeu'of Utah that they will Lr v : considerate, and prayerful, 'arvi if'tley are they will not fail to be rijht in political nattier- and honest with their own ova. Club .'iMdiit, (i! lUlI to present at their openingday excretes, '.Which 'would include a reception .to the miring president; also a book containing their plan of wor'k for the vpnr. Mk Monro. mnrr? 'ilvit n vote of thanks le tendered the- - Literary Clulj for their invitation; the motion was carried unanimously. Dr. R. H. Pratt read -- letter. ''Our labors amonir the -J from the T.ndieTr in ml cd he had written more of his sayings, ittn e would have remembered things -- ; . :. were-silen- t X 4. es 4 'SE PT K MBHR S ICY E N TH." It is Lalxjr Day. The stores and shops are closed and business is principally sus- iaviivrr iuvv. i.i:..., Jiil, those small groups, now two or three' and later on one and then another i) tiv.iv. : uiv. to-getlie- r, alone? Don't you know whose birthday this is ? Don't you remember that blessed "friend of mankind," Aunt Prescendia Kimoall?. This is the S6th anniversar' of her birth. Sister Elizabeth Stevenson has opened her doors to a few of the special friends of Aunt Prescendia, tocelebrate the memorv of that dear woman. And yet, not a tithe of those who were her her sperinl fnVnris r?,x here be favorites-an- d those with whom she was a favorite, were as numerous as those who ever heard her voice or felt her hand in ' blessing; and they are shall we say without number? Those first corners are the two Nebeker sisters. Next comes Sister Zuia, followed .enter-twined- ; M Homer-- E. M. C. Sharp, H. Paul, M. E. Kimball, A. Airmit, P. Y. Beatie, M. R. Alford, J. C. Howe, M. A.: Hyde, J. P." Fowler, M. J. Howard, A.. Tate E. Jackson, S. E. Young, L. L. G. Richards, S. M. Kimball, E. b. Wilcox, 1. launders and 11. B. How- - 1 arm. . - . : Very pleamt conversation frst; then dinner, served by the hostess, in a most agreeable manner; after which a meeting was held, presided over by President M. I. ' Home. ; Singing, JWe thank Thee O God for a Prophet." All kneel in prayer ledby Sisv ter Richards, Singmg'O,-raFather, etc. And. one now,; every nkmid present, has a testimony to offer concerning the love, the ' iih& JUeonora 'annt bmitu and Taylor, m power of blessing, and the extraordinary President Cannon; j she .also 77,? ? .other. faith wdiich was possessed and exercised by J 'andshe." "added beard" had 'good remarks, U W. P. c. the favored daughter of God in whose honthese things from her father, Elder John j or they had met. Each speak in turn; all who was j the at Taylor, crganfza.The Utah Woman s Press Club met at hearts are full to overflowing with gratitude present j tioh. Sister athsheba" in speak- the Exponent Office, 'Aug. .31, YS96, Presi-in- that they have known and felt the influence ; Snii said she did not realize the blessing it was j dent El B. Wells in the chair. Prayer was ,of the boundless sympathy, and the affecthen to be a member of this Society as she j onered by Mrs. Lizzie Shipp. The roll tionate, tender yet strong and courageous did now; the Prophet organized tleaa is j as called, "members responding with character possessed by Sister Prescendia e ' name of the Lord, and taught 'then iginal sentiments; minutes of the July Kimball, many things, and met with them from time j meeting were read and approved. President The gifts- of the Gospel are exercised to time She was present, when, be said iht I H. B. .Welis said she had received a card in touching and pathetic language by Sis- . 1 , . y , ' . ' :. ' , ,' -- g -- v or-th- ' - - ' -- 