r ei r hun e age of liunian enlightenment should wituc;v tWwf .tgfef. anci';Tiij..v; fatA.;'ii.-.wv..1w-niim- ,s incvare noi. the breaking lorth nf women from t of of the of exclusive domesticity into acworthy citizenship in a" 'rights ' SENTIMENTS. nation." state or., great tive .participation in Government affars, growing, The acceptance of the jKxsition and priviand that man's- assumption of the right to Tin; .sacred 'right, 'but at the same time leges of a citien carries with it the vote and govern- .without consultation with obliga, privilege, of the franchise has been obtained lions and responsibilities of citizenship, and ..his equal and natural partner and eompan- by the women of Utah. in my opinion, it is the duty of every woo i We arc. watched by three classes of men ... .. i TM... not only to vole, but inform, herself x lit - uuicu Knf !Ti1. man, 1.' iftn it ic voii j niu and women. By the cynic who expects on the vital issues of the day, and acquaint lated upon their accession to the rights of that we will make but a poor use or, herself thoroughly with the great principles American citizens. To attain these rights no use at ail of it, by the timid that Herculean work has been performed; wouplift and benefit humanity, and unwomen who fear for "the consequences"-all derlie correct legislation, good govern men, themselves, as well as men have iiad and by earnest women of many states who ment and true done to be converted to the cause, strong antipa prosperity. Having look to us to vindicate their hojes and asthis for herself, I believe she is then bound thies and prejudices have had to be overpirations. And deeier down in the heart by her duty to the state and nation to discome in both, and only the. most persistent Of things tlere is the great need for the seminate those principles, and tqsee, as far and determined" effort could have accomgood, pure resolute women of these United as shet'an assist them, that all dther women so much in comparatively so short States to rise in their might and help right within her reach' vole and understand what plished a time. the deplorable condition of our country!-LeThe credit of this great work belongs to they are voting for. It is 'only through the every woman voter in Utah feel her efforts and influence of women alive to the women of Utah, for whom no wcrds responsibility and study the 'questions at 'their' duties vaud responsibilities that the of commendation can be misplaced. Their issue, and then vote iier convictions. state or nation will' be benefited by wo reward is great for they now enjoy many man's enfranehiscir.emt. privileges that are vouchsafed to but comWoman's domestic qualities will in no paratively few women of our 'country. sense deteriorate localise of her political I think wof have had a great privilege They will not be content with this, howequalities; she will lose none of her womanin having the franchise at such ever, as their cause is too great to permit of granted us ly wifely attributes; her influence will be an impoitant time, when great political their resting satisfied with merely local exerted to purify the political atmosphere are confronting us as at the preenfranchisement of advantages it and secure a rigorous enforcement of all questions sent. When we as 'citizens of this great half the Nation, the better half they are jusrfaws, and an equally prompt repeal of Republic, will feel in duty bound to take contending for, and no doubt, the influence obnoxious ones. part in the great issues that lie before us; of the women of Utah will be felt in behalf The female pioneer element, which is and may we do so conscientiously according of Woman Suffrage" until the last woman largely represented in this state, now as in to our convictions of right, and' strive with in this bread land shall have been enfrandays of old, developes the noblest womanly all diligeuce to understand our duties and chised. characteristics, and already is observed a the that rest upon us History will record you among the pion-- . marked independence of action and charact- as great responsibilities citiens of this great Republic, as well as eers of this great work, and the memory of er which is seldom found in older civilizaof our own fair state of Utah. your good deeds will live after you. tions where fashion and social distinction W know we are on the eve of a great After the Governor's address W. C. Dunrule with autocratic swav. financial crisis; its importance we can only bar delighted the audience with selections realize "..'par: how it 'will end the Lord The franchise is one of the highest privi- only. knows. ' We must use the wisdom of upon his Highland bagnipes. and was Senator Frank J. leges granted to the individual under a free Solomon, aided by the Spirit of the Lord to warmly applauded. fnmnM muff o tlirill? i.r fuM in vlii; 1, government. .... It to vote is one ot the great direct us that we est privileges, is it not then a sacred duty we need not fear what the result would be. he d wei tTTitrong y u poi -t he p t rseti tion of the masses of '.the here' and which no woman who, desires the sanctity I often think of the reply that President in the United States, and peoplea of her home protected, the right to life, glowing paid Smith made to Senator" Douglas tribute to the women of Utah, Joseph courtheir susliberty and the pursuit of happiness,, how he managed to asked he him when tninpfl rmrl nrpsfrvpfl invinlntiv both of her integrity and patient endurance of the people. He said he taught age, govern toil and and cited incidents in loved ones and herself, will neglect to perthem correct principles and let them govern the life hardship, and experience of the General form? It is now a'i imperative obligation themselves. President of the Relief Society, makings a ueyolving upon the women ol Utah, to enis what we want today, to underThat courage, teach and sustain each .other in stand the correct principles that underlie pathetic picture andextolinghervirtues and excellence of character. No greater or voting intelligently for hone-- t efficient our Government. is this laclc of knoiv-Icdg- c more eloquent compliment could be pmd officers, who will labor unswervingly ior with us as a people that I fear at this to a mother in Israel. We expected his the best interest of the people trusting time when there is so much at stake. We but hope now remarks in brief to them with the affairs of state, county or have never had such a responsibility resting to have them for publish, the next issue of the ; city. us the as of before, upon privilege voting paper. Whether women purify the ballot or not for official of the this highest great Com Miss Webster's skipping-rop- e dance remains to be seen; but most certahlly they we and this monwealth; may give question came next and was very pretty and gracewill add an element tending to greater perand due that that ful and in perfect time.' Miss Webster is other, deliberation, every fection, the same as exemplified in the we vote upon all quesfamily, which is the unit of 'government.-- tionsmay comeintelligently qrite a favorite wherever she appears. before even it that us, holding A one sided organization only half per The bagpipes were introduced again and trust-thas a can sacred be neither bought were as welcome as at first. Then followed forms the work; when the other half is for sold nor consideration. And any ma) a further reading of sentiments and resoluadded it rounds out into a perfect whole. we be to reason to tions. have grateful always If the study of politics is the main work of those who worked so we faithfully that women's clubs from now until November, s freedom. i a more determining vote for. - the good might enjoy political of the whole country will be polled than equal of man, and the crowning 'glory of GOVERNOR HEBER M. WELLS. the celestial kingdom. before in Utah. Women all rise to ever the hight of your privileges! We are making history rapidly WhatI think that as women are .amenably to ever 'future centuries may bring forth, they A victory gained for a great priuciple if must concede to the Nineteenth, that it the laws of our state and bear equally barren of results, is more to be deplored revolutionized the world industrially, y responsibilities with men, woman should " . also share in all the privileges accorded to than defeat; for defeat leads to renewed and religiously, ' effort , while victory followed by apathy Freedom of thought and action was men, not only in . voting, 'but in holding and indifference, is like Dead Sea Fruit and never so great as how, the yoke of religious offices of honor, emolument and trust suitthe Apples, of Sodom. If the women of, creed or despotic government never so far able to their sex. Utah who one year 'ago were, earnestly de- - ' removed or successfully repelled, the of human liberties nerer so well In my judgment the vvomeu of Utah, mantling and striving for the right of suf- 'X'-.; frage, now sit down supinely and fold their sustained. having been given the elective franchise -- that this progressive hands and saN lWe: have, the ballot, - we - AVhat wonder-thewould. do. well to read the editorial and 1 ;i t he s,' ucev u I i n g l 1 . 1 1 iJi yk ; is , , ' . - ' . 1 ttr-!- 7 v -- . e, jer-ehane- ; -- . t I - . is,-the- 4 " . -- maMe-oii-IIis-sideT-t- hei 1 . t- t-t- HHli- at ' - . ; ' polti-icall' -- -- 1 . main-tainan- ' ce " " L , n , -- T 