SALT. " CONTENTS: The .Washington " Convention. The Utah Relief Society livening Woman's Tribune. ' C. y Hyde!' R. S. Meetin-g--Zin- Sarah IVpc. New-man- . S. L. Co Hlithday Tarty Re- god-Tik- e A.Casie V. S. Hilda M. Graham. A gleaming pedestal beneath his feet,' Made up of stones, each "sep'rate stone a gem, Engraved, in shining letters with its name. Fair Truth appeared as chiefest corner stone . Pleasant Gathering Agnes- Lewis. Swiss And German. Notes And News. Conference N. A. W. S. A. Another Advance Step F. M. A. A Editorial: Hoard. N6 1896. 15, 18. J)i;tk - Faith "shone serenely from, her Love! I ler et shteir-slnigtWhile Hope, with smiling hps Throughout the darkness s-.- ' A THE FENSIVK sat a!nne, at standard held the Vision in his V iS ON. . tha. swett hour,' two-third- s THE UTAH 'EVENING The evening of Jan. ' 27, was devoted to Senator Cannon the welcome of Utah. and wife, and Representative Allen and wife, and others were on the platfcrm. The Senator had just arrived in the city, and the Jormal recognition of the third star, which gave particular lustre to the Con-- " vention, had been. postjoned until lns ar' : ...... rival. After .Miss Anthony's greeting, Rev. Anna Shay tendered the welcome of the Association. She said in part: The, triumph of Utah is our triumph. We too, should be congratulated. Every star added to the flag that means all a Hag can mean to any human being in protection or rights, and is a guarantee of liberty, means the e'evation of every human being the round world over. It means that we are beginning to learn that "One is.our Father, and all we are brethren." With the incoming of Utah with freedom for every one of its citizens, not onhMItah.. but the United States and wherever there breathes a human being, every soul is benefited. This third star is a prophecy that the stars shall come out on our banner until our blue field will le a banner of glory. We expected this of Utah; Their men " hand; A of cerulean hue r En writ.in letters like to burning fire, With "REVKLATIO!,, title most divine. And with the other hand aloft, A great golden key: and as,I gazed, I heard a voice of, njlrous depth and power, Proclaim this "utterance to the startled world: "The key is turned for womanT and henceforth silken-banne- - -- When, in the west, the dying king of day, Merges his fading glories into night. , Alone, in such deep thought, the sleeping hour, Of time passed on unnoted, and ere long, Night's shadows, like the poet's sab!e; shroud. She takes her rightful place by brother man. Ehtfrapped the senses of a slumb'ring world. Her star is risen, and will brighter grow, In that deep hour, with all its solemn gloom, And go not out forever. Let it be!" The souL it seems, in. closer union meets, With Nature's greater.universal soul. The vision faded, leaving in its wake, And thus with me; Identity was lost; the true, The glorious light, the And I became, for one brief'hour at least, Which ever spread, and ever chased the gloom. The willing captive of the hoary ast. And from afar arose small points of light, with mine ow n Volition, Which grew, and multiplied, and. coalesced, By force unseen,-noAs though ia sympathy with their great head, I, fanned by breezes as I passed along, With silent power was borne unto a mount, Until, in God's due time, the darkness tied, his great plan,. ' - AntLtrrrnTitinroTnaTiT Whose lofty summit, overlOokedtheiaiuL "Like map in high relief there. stretched away, glorious light of day. Emerged into-th- e " Cactus. jo Beneath, a panorama, far and near; ' TheTowns and cities, rivers, fields and woods, And all that goes to nuke w hat we call earth. THE WASHINGTON CONYKNTON o'er; the But darkness deep, bespread landscape m s h a d t he V xvru A h n 'p hpp n 11 11 w or t h v fervid , with ?or could the rising sun, power, Miss Anthony-- JJJrcTJihTsdayJa?iV23?i. d e thi No man who haH slood Dispel the murky clouds which, like a pall, anti-li- as r .seen ihf toil, hopes. A r TE K a", few vprds nhon Hung o'er each spot by foot of mankind pressed. 01 uotn beautiful gavel'of Colorado wood, bound and the tune ol and saw, in the hour of Statehood, would have with Colorado silver, that had been presenAll things transpiring on our little world. ted to the convention by Minnie Henderson, been a true son if he had refused, to grant And I beheld confusion, envy, strife; of Grand Junction, Col , Miss Anthony htr liberty with himself. life. of human the surging throngs Among These three stars are the gems on the account -- of her- trial jnanya The power of strength d'er vveakness, and the cry gave graphic crown of our States. Wherever, we go in on an accusation of ilk-ga-l voting; ago years wealth. Of wretched want assailing hoarded how she was sentenced to a fine, which she the West,, and look toward Heaven, we And more I saw: dark deeds of murder, theft, did not pay; and how the judges of election can see these three stars. I welcome you Committed under cover of the clouds, who had received her vote vv ere imprisoned as one of the three which makes glad the more and dense, Which ever more grew blacker for several days, and were fed on all sorts heart of .the' woman who loves liberty. hue. dismal more on As deeds of men took of dainties by the matrons of the city until Thrice welcome, grand Utah, not only to, ReAnd when, anon, up through the murky air, were pardoned out, Miss Anthony our Republic of States, but to. our they true Assailed mine ears, the wailing: cries of her continued: "I get letters from all over the public of stars that denote the only Who, weaker than her elder'brother, man, United States'asking, "'Why don't you Republic the world has ever known. Still bore his burden, added to her own: Senator Cannon eloquently responded claim suffrage for women tinder the Fourso dire; for Utahr He saidr My; heart grew, sick, at sights 'and sounds teenth Amendment? W e have tried I closed mine years of life in The During the forty-nin- e even to imprisonment.eyes, refusing more to gaze, the women had furnished the courage On scenes opposed to reason, and my heart. .Supreme Court has decided pgainst' ;us.. Utah Then when the There remain two other ways of getting and the trust in God. their- enfranchise'Twas then a voice in tender cadence spoke, questioircame up as to suffrage; Bidding me ope, again my averted eyes, it should of the different States, and by an ment; we said. "Yes, though And I obeyed; I could not otherwise, years , to gain our amendment to the Constitution, of :the take another forty-nin- e So much authority spoke in the tone. who bore, me I saw no person, but a Presence felt, United States, for which we are askin g to- Statehood;"'; The mother of This national method Pl work' is endured tfie trials and privatipns thepioneer As well as heard, and listed to obey. day light. assemlife twelve years before I saw I looked again- the scene was little changed, especially valuable. The delegates traveled across the desert with the women. over all The from convention this in ble all the sleeping Gross darkness ; reigned o'er Union have a hearing before the Congress bleeding feet; they'drove after season to world, they lived n roots season ional Committees, the report of Except, at one small point, "where,- like he-hel- d : heaven-reveale- . d, . r -- . ,. r 1 1 '. ' s : nnf tthi44H-- iui-fille- seed-sowin- g " . - . that-metho- d - -- - . , - -- Tistarr: the-constitu- tion ' . central place, 'by ..her side and eye serene, long rays of light. y s-- y: The Vision Cactus. Lovingly-I- n E. R. Shipp. To Aunt Zina Minnie I sjeeches are printed ly Congress, andafter-w.ard- s franked by., members in 'favor of suffrage to their constituents all over the country. These documents have, a great educational influence. Do von ask me whether, a sixteenth amendment enfranchis ing w'omen will be submitted by this Conof the gress? I do not. think that members are. yet educated up to it; but we are doing our best to educate them Flanked by'Justice here, and Mercy there. Woman On The School' Women Can Help. 'Editorial Notes. A scribed Loveland Snow. I TJTYp' UTAllT FKJHAR V: Of purest ray, and primal magnitude, ' Sione forth alight of brightest radiance; Which, as I gazed enlarged, and as it grew, Its brightness softened, and its mrllowed tone Assumed the form and substance of a man, r: Of goodly parts,- and beaming countenance. A man,.who towered above the world, As Gulliver beyond the pigmy tribe. U. W. I'. C Leap Year Figures. Organized E.--R. Shipp. The Leaping. of the Leap Years. Anna Lowrie Ivins, To I he. Siste'rsi Limits' port ' " . Semi-monthl- LA KK - d . . 