! KXPONllNT' WOMAN'S in i the 'IowuTIalt. When Sister Graham ipeuk o;i uv another; -- Many ,:lukt pased the world the Lord will cruntv; ;'. AVstatts. Ithunt rhc vail, knew that wUwas VtfcDur;eial retort was read and the was brotight to the Hall by "Brother Gra lit tin. i elf that, we Were all trying to clo grrw .ata vxwi aumornies wei e snsuineo. ham, both of her Counselors 'caine down Brother Slerlinir Cotton ; said- the Relic and escorted her to an upper, room where-what Was lightl .P raved that we miiiht.be-.in touch with God. aud.:.alvyc.--trust--- , him; 'th-Brown had ''eiij-'clisterciting- o and iie which all iholi be When wc realie the"' Tmoortance of tlie fday mahrrcdngiatulations' were accorded ;much: raid the first thing rtu"iiilhe morning", was to dedicate herself to the Lord woi-- of God, we can Ave.ll atTord to spend ( her and amidst music and many good wish Brother R. es she was escorted to the. head of the table. Trials our time,"to help build.it up and it was a great help tov lier was seated' among her ' children she vhere the oaltrv brought us nearer tv the Lord. Pray d S: Collett said we should not let f andth.e-- i God to be" always with vis but especially this dollar take the lead of our- -i i nd s, 1 1 i i .and r grand, : the. same to" on .the 3vercoinc:the"desirFs' oniiV Bishopric other; at; time Sister K. Ball- said the cry, difficult , coming" year. a with as a " ' chair was rocking presented Spirit whispered to her and asked her if ilesh, nevertheless we should strive. with all she services among the token of respect lor-heour. might to do s.- - Spoke at some' length s!ie had not 'something to thank her Heavenly Father for; she said "Yes much. " Spoke upon different subjects which were very in- - sisters. After- all .had participated of the x fable a' program of wc good things seton-thBrother bowards said--.iof her illhealth, but knew she was unprov terestmg. " ing. God was good to her in giving her, could realize the beauties of the future we singing, music,- recitations and speeches in till towards evening when 'all vhe.things that were best for her to have. would not be as neglectful as w e. are. Thought We were Hying in a giorious time,, What a consolation it is to contemplate .oh separated ohased and happy with thegathereach other many such gather our women are pure and the prayers "pf the the greatness of the Gospel. 'When we ing, wishi-iwith the Spirit of the Lord we ;do ings in the future. Yours-verrespectfully,- daughters of Zipn will le heard and an- . not have malice in Our hearts, but a brothHilda M. Graham. . swered. ... v Sister Stevenson made some closing reerly feeling towards all. President ' Pope marks, Urged the sisters to come to the had been much pleased with the conference, ' GATHK KING. A PLKASANT comfew a made of small the and and remarks confer tlu closing very Temple spoke God to the people ence adjourned. Singing "This earth wasr Prayed inspire panies.. Si stick J Makv Baxthk wav given a to Temple work. Singing "Our God we once a garden place." Benediction by Benediction by Sister H. President Sarah. Pope; raise to Thee." . pleasant, surprise, by a few of her friends on the twelfth inst., the event being the seven-- j Sarah Pope, President. S. Taylor. tieth anniversary of her birthday. Zina Hvde Ass't. Sec She was presented with a beautiful 'chair " S. L. CO. W. S. A.' ;;' as a token of loveand esteem, and appreR. S. REPORT. ciation of her good works. MiTtr:s of W, S. A. held in the 14th Sister Baxter acted as President of the Ward Hall Jan. 21st, 1S96. Roll' call, Relief Society of Spanish Fork for fourteen UINTAH STAKE. X of last Minutes meeting read and approved. before the wards were divided. She is Minutes, of the .1.5th Conference of the Song, ''The reasjn why." Prayer by Jane years 01 now acting as one of the Relief Society of the Uintah Stake of Zion, Albrand. Song, "New America." Mot- the fourth w;ard. and is honored and respectheld Jan. 2th, 1S96., President Iope Smith , to adjourn the ed ion of Mrs. Few-soby all who know her. " "Come Holy Spirit meeting and attend the State Legislature to Singing presiding. After presenting her.. with the chair, an heavenly dove." Praer by Counselor A. .see the election of the State . Senators, lot program .was rendered- - in K. Barilett. Singing "Lord Thou wilt and the meeting continued. ' Rights of impromptu und good hear me. " Minutes of previous Conference States read by. Secretary and reviewed by which were wishes given Sister Baxter. A grand ban. Ehos -at .. -- ' I : - interest . m "; ; - k .' . -- . childrtiniiiieide -- ' - j r - - j e f : . i I -- g are-blesse-d . . I ; : j r j I - Yice-Presiden- 1 ts n . . s many-'cougratulaticm- Reunion President Kate Groesbck, Klizibeth Mc-- " read and approved. Brother uet given and about eighty felt it a great responsibility to undertake to 'Karlane requested to write an 011 essay life. leach the Gospel. The Sisters have the "What are the .rights and immunities of persons partook of the bounties of those present were-th- e Bishop oi greatest responsibility in training the child-ren- , citizenship." One lady spoke of girls being theAmong fourth ward and his counselors, and a therefore they should have the Spirit dilatory in fegprd to in prt piti- lew leading brethren ot the ward, also of the Lord. Nothing should be given the because their brothers and beaux objected sisters who have labored with Sister Baxter to women in politics. preference ahead of making impressions upAmanda Hook for a number of years". on the minds of the young. Sister Abbie thought if girls undersioinl the of necessity five o'clock the Company dispersed About Oaks felt much pleased to be able to meet n que:suons pertain- - fedin; that m, luc !luu they had a very enjoyable time; . t Our mrr f frtt with the Saints on this occasion. .......1.1 i 1. .imnK' to be rememlered by those pre- children are xur hope and we would all dilTerently. Did she consider fxv"U4 her brother or oneloifjr sent; like to have them make good' men and her beau as soniething better than herself, A (INKS LEWIS. women. Took much pleasure in visiting that he should enjoy more than privileges the Pihaaiy, foilHierntereat-vas-ihefe- r she? and said tiie hrst duty of woman is said the Relief Society honorable motherhood which- we must not Brother Anderson of of factors the one the Church to help jbrget to impress upon the minds of our was ;.. SWISS AND GERMAN. ... build it up; spoke about circumstances daughter; for without we cannot that brought about its organization, and have either home or stale. We should Tin; First 'Presidency has procured from the duties pertaining thereto. Counselor thoroughly understand the Constitution of the president of the Swiss and German Mary Hall spoke about storing up grain the State jthat we may know our rights un- mission, through President Luud, .a list of for time of need; also of the bad impressions der it, and ask our Lesislators-tnames of faithful Saints of that pass laws nearly made upon the minds of the young by bad that-wilbe just and benefit our women and division of the Church abroad who' have those as from are such that got died in the lands of their nativity. The pictures that will not be misconstrued. A commitSister Sarah Coltin tee was formed to cigarette packages. resolutions and call purpose of obtaining this" ' information was pass should brethren lend the sisters on the President of the Association thought the that temple work might be done for these and .ena helping hand in doing their duties, and into the Jaw on "A wife's dower, and worthy people by their friends and relatives quire help them to get to their meetings; spoke her right to hold and control property in who have gathered to this country. of the duties devolving upon the Sunday In order that those who are willing l conjunction with her husband." Adjournschool teachers.. Counselor A. K, Bartlett ed for one 'month. lake an activpart- -i nattai n ing jt IhrnitTwoTnan ' s mission had been herein set Torth may have the requisite in Cassie C. Newman, Sec. this afternoon; feltjo enlormatiou, the names ot the deceased, undorse, what had been said, read a revelation der the head of the branches of the Churcl: from the Doctrine and Covenants,- - and to which they belong, will be published in BIRTHDAY PARTY: spoke at some length on the same. Meetconsecutive issues of the Beobachter, be ing adjourned untill 7 o'clock. Singing Editor ginning with that of Friday, Jan. 24. Exponent; "Lo the mighty God appearing. " Benedic" .' VIt is likely that ordinance work has altion by Brother Nelson Merkley. .; On Feb. 4th the Relief Society of ready been done in the'temples for some or HviiNiNG session: Singing "Coufe thou Idaho made a surprise for - Sister those who are listed. Where such is the oj promise." glorious day Prayer, by Ingrid Graham, the'Presidentof the Society case those who have performed it" will conBrother Charles Bartlett. Singing "J0)' to About t wo hundred people were assembled fer a favor by giving particulars, that the ". was-the- n tnk-in-g . 2 1 t, ln?, .. .' 41.-..- ! I -- . - 5. o l " the-ob- beauli-fullyillustrate- d ' " ." . . Mink-Cree- k -- 