WOMAN'S ed at least once a myhth, or oftencr if possible-by the headquarters at Philadeihbiar to the Press Com mittecs .aCAbvyrarAis States' rnio'jy-e- ; willing to' receive wmic vommuiee will ascertain the number ol papers willing to print the letters, and wilt send to each a copy which, lias been" In this way the prepared .at headquarters. article will appear simultaneously all over the United States, after the manner. of a syndicate, letter. Our Committee is firmly convinced.. .that,, if this Plan of Work" can be carried out carefully and wisely, our association may meet at its next Annual Convention proud in the consciousness "of a. membership- doubt led and a cause strengthened. Let our Association know no idlers the coming year; but let it, make "a hard pull, a strong pull, and a pull altogether, ' that we may build an association whose- power will be felt from the Atlantic to the ..Pacific,' and from Canada to the Gulf.Submitted by Plan of Work 'Committee, -- ' CAKRl r; - C II A I ' M A N C A T T , Chairman. : - - -- " AnnaX. Diggs, Laura Clay, Mwv'n ti av Kmmeline 13. " I f Members Wells, IN MEMORIAM. : Catharine Anderson. Be it resolved, that while we bow in humble submission to the will of Him, "Who doeth all things well," we do recognize in her death, the severe !rv;; of a fairhftil enpro-Atinnd f(Tirint teacher, in our society. .i L - l. IIIVIIU IU ' llll, IICCU) , LUUIIUI ICI 1 111 lllC hour of trouble, a devoted wife and mother, and a true Latter-da- y baint, we also recognize in her faithful labors anddV0T inn emulation of each member example worthy of ' of our society. that we sincerely Resolved, sympathize with rt i 1 it. i i r l - her children and friends in the loss of a faithful wiie, loving motner ana sincere mend. Also that these resolutions be placed upon the records of the Orangeville Ward Relief Society and be published in the Woman's Exponent, and that a conv be sent tr the familv of our dpar (Umrtpd Rooha E. Robertson, Prest. Mary A. Sorenson, Sec. OBITiARmS. record the It becomes painful duty death of one of our dear sisters orthe Relief Society of this Stake of Zion; Sister Mary Irrette Picton Teasdale; daughter of James arid Jane Phillips Picton and wife of Apostle George Teas-dalwho died at Colonia .Juarez Chihuahua, Old Mexico, of pulmonary ernplysema and dropsy, Dec. 14th, 1895. Was born at Nephi, Juab County, Utah, May! 26th, 1S63. Sister Teasdale leaves a 'husband and three children to mourn her loss; one an infant, nine months old, also her sister's children, two boys, and many friends who deeply sympathize with" the-family in their bereavement. She held position at time of her decease as first Counselor to Stake President of Young Ladies Mutual Asnociation, President of Stake Primary Association and member of Relief Saint Society. Sister Teasdale was a Latter-da- y in very deed, an earnest Worker for the cause of truth, was kind and benevolent to all around her, much was never heard and although to complain. All was done for her that loving hands could do, but she finally succumbed to .the, inevitable; she spoke of her death calmly to a dear friend a few days previous; and although leaving an affectionate husband and loving e, -- . - she-suffere- children, she to the will of her nj; Father;-dyifirm in the faith of a Ifeavenly with glorious, resurrection tec f ea$d&w Jelt-resigne- d tbJ, N. V A.W. S. A. j; -- men uo we uiiderstmid the. intricate probleins of state which"cjmeup' before us?"Vfi t'Sit not wonderful how deep those problems are as soon as the women want to have anything to do with them. I had not had much experience and I did not know as much-aboupolitics as I do now when I went up to Our Legislature with great fear and trembling in my heart for fearthe( problem before its would be so deep and proGone, dear sister, thou hast left us, found, but when I expresseel my fear to the Our Father in wisdom has bereft us; undoubtedlady who was with me Gone, to dwell in a higher sphere, And left us awhile to sojourn here. ly I could understand it. So we went up into the gallery where they keep1 us women Bereft of thee, sister, cause anguish and pain; and the Clerk read something from the But as our loss is your infinite gain,. desk and I did not understand a word. We meekly bow to the chastening rod, S And, acknowledge the hand of the Lord our God. Then a gentleman took the floor, run his his hair and I listened with Husband, children, and friends deplore thy loss, fingers through But are seeking nobly to bear their great eagerness to what ha was going to that thy salvation's sure; say and the first word I heard him say was As thou didst unto the end endure. "fish." He talked for an" hour or two. He declared it was better for the farmers of 'Tis true the trial is severe, But we will seek your loved ones to cheer, Massachusetts, better fcr the great instituAnd with them bow beneath the Rod. tions of Republicanism, better for this magAnd seek to serve the Lord ourGod. nificent, free and independent government, that we catch fish on a hook; and the other And now thou hast laid thy body down; side took up their side of the question and And gone to wear a righteous crown, Our race also, will soon.be run. with just as much vehemence declared that Our w ork on earth will soon be done. fish ought to be caught with a seine. And for three" days and a half they argued this 'Wliat consojation, this doth give To know that thou didst' nobly live, deep and profound problem, catching fish, O may we ever faithful be, and then when they put it to a vote, they And share celestial joys with thee. decided with a Republican majority to catch them both ways, (laughter.)' I. had such , H. S. B. good success that time I thought I would IN MEMORIAM. go back again and the next time I. went up Of Sister Laura McCleman Whipple, of Vernal, they had the subject of "lobster" under Arizona, wife of Hyrum Whipple, and daughter discussion. They. had a lobster there and of William and Elsie McCleman.of Colonia Juarez, were measuring it with a rule, to see how who died of liver complaint, at Colonia Juarez a lobster should be allowed to grow Chihuahua, Old Mexico; Dec. 12,' 1895, while on a long before it should be caught and sold upon visit to her mother. Sister Whipple leaves a husband and two children, one an infant, to the market. They finally decided that if mourn her loss and many sorrowing relatives and man caugnt a - lobster vliicliidnot . hi u LLa t ter d a - any fdemisr-S- i V measure inches lie be would ntied Saint, whose deeds were worthy of emulation. We mourn a sister and a friend and deeply $5.00 and two, $io.oo. And-- said "What sympathize with the family in their affliction and are you going to do with the young lobsters resolve that we the officers and members of the in the future?" They said they were eoiner Relief Society do sincerely sympathize with and seek to cheer the bereaved family in their hour of to stay there and they would catch all the trial, and that a copy of these resolutions be old ones and sell the old and tough ones, inscribed on the Records of the Relief Society, that came in. So we irot the old lobsters. andthatwe publish the same in the Woman's and New "York'" got the tender - ones. So Exponent. they wen on --a nd -- protected every ii vi ug Ph(ede Fife, President. thing on the earth except folks. So we Hannah Smith Ballinger, Sec. went up and said: "Now gentlemen, you have protected the baby fish, how shall So, Sister thou hast left us too, must well thou men catch baby boys, one at a time on the ' Thy Father called st, go, Thy mission, here below is done, hook or with a snare as they are catching The. victory over death thou hast won. them in the dens of vice in the cities?'' We had permission to withdraw, and if there is And novv the battle of life writh thee is o'er Thou wil't labor here with us no more, anything we jwomeu know how to do it is in wil't now labor another sphere Thou to withdraw. We all went back again and we said: "Now gentlemen, you the baby lobster until it is 10- Husbandchildren and parents, that loved yo u well, " inches long, and won't you protect the Will strive to befaithful.that they may dwell; baby girl until she is as old as the lobster is Where trouble and anguish and pain are o'er; ' Where Satan and sin, can trouble no more. long?" And ve said: "Gentlemen, you have protected .all living and breathing webid you farewell, So nowrdear-Stst,"that T"A themT things in the Cityf-Bosto- n We long for the time,- - when with you we may of America, that center of culture in the dwell. United States where we have Faneuil Hall, We'll strive true Saints indeed to be, where we have a school of philosophy, To share Celestial Joys with thee. H. S. B. where we have a John L. Sullivan and Colonia Juarez. where we have a greater portion of the cul- ture that this nation has been able to pro duce." We said: Now you have protected can't you protect beaten wives Queen Victoria has 67 living1 descend-a- everything beat-- . . ts. say that if women are for we . have 2,000 cases of cruel wife of and the in slums the City, allowed to take part in politics, the human ing every year bill we The a was I . race will die out! V dispensing physiciap. to the needy, a comforter in thVho'ur of trouble,, we esteem her faithful labors and devotion to the interests of Zion as worthy the emulation of every member of our society Therefore be it resolved That we condole and'sincerely sympathize with the bereaved husband, children and friends in the loss of a faithful wife, loving mother and sincere friend. Resolved that these resolutions be inscribed in our Records of the Relief Society, and that we publish the same in the Woman's Exponent, -ow t she-sai- d cross,-Knowin-g -- - Resolution s of respect adopted by the officers and members of the Orarieeville Ward Relief Society, to the memory of our beloved Sister Mary Catherine Anderson, who. departed this .life Opt. io, 1395, at her home in Orangeville, Lmery Lo. Whereas: Our Heavenly Father in his wisdom has seen fit to take from our midst our beloved , IvXPONENT. ' -- ttrf-VVit- Hle was-a-f- v- -- ait " 10-.- 1 t-- -- have-protecte- . - er n - n And-yet-the- , ' . . 