WOMA N'S X w v a i fI . ,. ..'lHO. 'I IV ' I I . r, A. EM Sill USE It. WKfiuS, . ANfilH H'k I LS CAS A c'.V T X T 1 Sv Il .J i VI t, T I V 'T' - Ij... ntritutr jr . ir S.dt Iikfi City, Utah. J'ublishc.J Terms: ont- copy one yr.tr, i.oo; one copy six months, 50 cts. No rtriluctiori nt.Mh; lor club;;. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 tta. A Iverti :p rales: K ich s i iirr , tr-lines of nonpareil" c'mcc one lira-;- , per moatri, Joo. A UDcrai aib- ' ,' - Murt t' Kxi'i)KNT tng, M.tirStitct,opf.osi!f .' : - CL e."it ?S t I. Salt Lak Cm v, L'iAti. , ABRAHAM HOAG.LAXJ) CANNON. It is rpiitenmpassibic'for one who knew to .Brother loved write Abraham' and anyto one's self,. and satisfy thing gnd enough yet one L" unwilling to be silent and not offer a tribute to liis memory. lie was indeed one of "nature's noblemen"-- , liberally endowed with. lofty chaiueteiisties; not only those whidi entitled 3um to foremost places among his fellowiueii and his brethren in the Church, but the finer qualities' of the to all those who ' heart. which endeared-hilove superior virtues, purity of life, refinement and heavenly charity. "None knew him but to love him" may truthfully be. said of liruiher Abraham. So much has alietily Ik en .said, by the very ablest editors and wiiteis,' .so many, tender and beautiful tributes paid to his life and character, ;'iat one appnuchesthe subj cct with grca t. d i thdc u ce ; ; a d y e 1 le v liter kviM m iu-rtttrfc 11 her offering among the many who adVaircd and felt an exceptional friendship for the deceased, cut olf in the midst of his great usefulness, when" every prospect of future promise was at its highest and brihtest.It was said in days "of old, r - luvf Or ynii'i;. . - j And surely our 1 Ieavenly i'atfier 1 1Ifiisel f loved such a one as Klder Cannon: aiul cer tainly I lis blessing w as upon him, for in all he did and in all that transpired with him he seemed highly favored and blest of the Lord. Looknc back noon his course from his boyhood, until the time .when his spirit took its departure from mortality,, one must acknowledge his remarkable personality., which attracted all who came into his Very lew men possess' this presence. pcisoual attraction 'in as great a degree, as did Brother 'Abraham'. 11 is simplicity of mantier'aud ot laniuaie were- .amornr- pleasing trails. .He was eloquent in his public speaking, in plain simple language, no ostentation,' no show of oratory, but powerfully, impressive, straight-forwan- f and clear in all ins sermons and addresses, lie had. an intuitive understanding of .people and there tore knew how to deal tactfully w i tii individu ai pec u ia ri t ies and cccentn citiesuthueh. 'w.iu wljoni he had business relations, or even casual ac- uamtance.' Brother Cannon was more than courteous he was naturally an "exceedingly gracious gentleman;, beloved by men and women everywhere, in all places wdiere he had traveled either on business, or as a mission - 1 or-raeTr-- , -- itud" - - 1 T . Jh j i - 1 1 v.1 ,i v; ! : 1" i v 1 tii;it i" 1 il.ivt'-- ct, the crime of uulavvfui X)f is due to die fact that I acknowledge a hitfhea law than that, of man, which is the law. of Ciod; and that law being a part of my religion, sir, I haw attempted to obey.it.- When I un- braced this religion, I promised to place all that I had, even to ihe itself, upon tlie altar, and I ex,t which I made' pect to abide -by that cov-ni and, sir, h opt- the day u dl ifvrr come u"h-to piocure hfe or, m ist sacrifice principle,-t-veri U me, lo'nor, sir, hher t! an anyliberty. vlsr thing upon liie Vaili;; ;nd my religion is me man anyUnp. t::at I have dearer to 1, 1 am prepare seen. of sir, for' jti 1 n i 1 el-.- y.i-- t ent The Tcmirr. 4I r - ; Brother Cannon's illness and dearth 'have1' east a iloom over the community., and it will be- some time, b.foie his friends , even outside the family ) recover from the shock: bat the Saints know what it is to how to the Providence of Gnd in thu greatest sor row, and acknowledge- tiie hand of the Lord iii the death however-sudden- , of their .beloved ones, ''"though taken as Brother Abraham was in the primcnf life, w ith his bright and spotless armor on, furl of- zeal. of courage, and of hope. And though we. mourn Ins absence and deeply his loss. forare we; .comforted as Paul savs. yet - - - - iathl .no: kiTc v m concern orcihyrii, hij than ' lutt I iaatyc.SL,) ow ) ft fie tCftOfJti o)c irirrA ' oies otlio s ihvt hare no hofx Cannon demiled: life," at'Iiisdioiuelu'OSnnou Ward,. Salt Lake City, July 19, 1806, at fifteen minutes, alter lour" o'clock' in the morning, of the Sabbath da His funeral services were held in tile large Tabernacle m this City o:r the following Sunday,. July 26.- The 'decorations at the Tabernacle were very, elaborate jand elegaiit mother-died whik-he-'-rhite "crepe draped and .tastefully looped with cord and tassel mission. in the most "On the yth of Oetolei graceful' way on the stands Klder Cannon vyas ordained one of the First Seveii and the pillars near, as well' as the great Presidents of Seveiities'.: and on October 6, organ.' prmnneutal dowers and shrubs adorned the staials' and platform in all the 18S9, he was sustained at the General Conference of the Church as one of the Twelv e available' places. Tributes of flowers in Aostles: From 'that time be has been the artistic designs came from many uf the relatives and friends. Several of the. floral junior member of the Council of Apostles, pieces-werall the duties pertai ning to his surmounted with white doves' calling and emblematic of the purity of the life of the ministry in the Church, he was scrupulously deceased. The" effect of the whole was exact and faithful; his fidelity and integrity loveliness itself, and to the truth and in surpassed anything every relation oflife, ever before attempted in the building at are unquestioned and unquestionable; The ,. persecution borne by the Saints at the time any time. , The seating arrangements were as of the enforcement of law, he endured rrivvrrTT as4pssLbJe U ' UiUt .lllfl IMV and organizations of which TWIip heroic conduct, on fhV clX.vnf Vannon was a member, .were seated at the tence, aiuL the explanation made to th of tbtr center aisle; the family and Judge, as published in the Dcsact Nezs f1 . - .Apostle Ab)iJiMmIl. "this r - - -- w his- ' - .. , "-i- ' the-T;dmund- n-rf- s crf wff-Urfnr- 1 1 1 i-- ... c we havecopi Q. Pinion, latlier) at the .head in the seats at the ter; aisle. There was-- no dis- siiiiin:e 111 the 'mqurilil!g apparel by any of the principle of the Gospel lor which he was to suffer imprisonniejit and there was m"' heed, lor their: :la.miiy,' '; vvas too. intense-tor outward sem- -' " 'As rliustrative of his zeal and fidelity'To' ' i1'" blauce. the Go&pel may: be cited mi incident in U 1 V In the stand of the TW in h .illustrates his views, and- is - 7mony-olinceritro- abundaut-te-di- ' - faitrv tii - -- ; " i 1 ; - ' . you convicted ;r uiig-iiiid;vaHant-hio,--in ! ! re-'pt-- to follow in l.;:'s foofiteps. to emulate his e:aimple7!o be as true, as T r. I. ii-- Cu:i.-.titution- ". tnnit, . -- to keep the laws of the United ha rrTjTe rn a tr;rbT "my" p'areiiisST;ttrT7Ln':;;ri' was a s,;cred mstruuirm. that the I in' failed and now stand this Tuat have would do Well . -- ons' ays etuieavort-- il nv . 1 i -- "i 1 -- 1 i honest, as. faithful and as 'obedient to counsel and to tlie laws of God, as was this the battle of life. His name and fame will live forever .in the hearts of this people, and' his child-- ' feii 1 a v eXTfen la e m7m mcp recii u i sTh a Ti gold, or silver,' gem, or houses, or lauds, Or other" Worldly possessions': tlie unsullied life of an Ivlder in hsi.iel, an Apostle of Christ, whoseeximiile he .sotmlit tto follow; verily, "A good name l better to le cliosen than great nolici; ' Abraham Hoagland Cannon was born in Salt Lake Cit v, .Maivh u, i8;o; his were .George', and, Ivlixabeth parents., I I '"l iiuagianu cannon, rresident Lanuon was away in the Kaslern vStates upan a 'mission at the time of his birth. In hU boyhood he had tlie best advantages of school education the timvs afforded in the ward schools, and afterwards at the Deseret U.ni eisity. He was naturally studious,-anmade good' use of Ins 'opportunities: and he hls&iiou was'to Kurope,". labored first in. the Nottiimhani ' Cotiferer.ee m amgiand, nntu Ji was.asig iid to - tliedwiss .and tierman mission, where he labored assiduously and. converted many to the truth ot lae Gospel; he ecame oudt aiHiproncient m tlie German langua-- e, wrote .some' of the hvmns-whiel- i 'r.r-thman Saints :iowsiner in tham"eomnVrHtk.".u- " He returned home in June" i8S. His hTs-rftvi(li- x - r, 1896, i of riirht. He had "TtCTed into the, odor .of plural marriage, and oir March i7,,iS6, being .at that lime' twenty-.siyeais of ae, he was sen Unced by "Judge Zaue to a term of six months in the peniteiithry for his obser: vanie of that law of (cd. When called to receive the judgment of the court he said:" diligence and successful management. Jim say what we will, e.vtol him as we may, he has gone, and v..e shall see. him no more in this- life. - .'The" young K'kltrs in larael -yo- : n-- . pel td in ins iiands oy means oi ins Entered at the Pott Oue in XiJt l.nXt City, Utah, trutUr. Saj.t LkkCity auocst n i j f!nnOitHt ion lluild Business hours 'from 10 st.mvto 5 p.m. every" tl iy, Sunday. Address all business coYnnmr.ica'tioris to I'UBLISIJKK WOMAN'S KXl'ONKNT, A .. SNfin 'itr' wlio k new 'Irfm lzed his arduous labors' and the heavy burdens and responsibilities that', rested up-- ' on lum, had no thought ot ins dying; it ' r. . r.. ... ,i 'iv .tl sceiueu rei oie nom uie milium oi an. iu be sure he was sometimes warned that he .Was "doing too much, but still tKCre seemed more and more given him to do, ami he He possessed was ever and always-willing4tt-rcss-xrr ynrn trsua hd egrcey panty- f and all public and private ''interests pnis- .. .su.i-m-jtMy- rO N K N T . ;rbJ'' " EJhor. .'."- -- i T"' " KX i ) - . - 