WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 5:v ' - r 7:fiiidiDgwas ithe JJirst :thiug towards' it. Prayed thttt our faith' mightlnc! ease and that-wmight '.always be in possession: of the Spirit of God. Dr. K. S, Barney said it was many years ,siuce she had spoken in this building,-- and spoke on faith, bringing up passages of scripture to explain the meaning and told of the inspiration she enjoyed one morning on arising, and which she was compelled to write. Made some veiy excellent and encouraging remarks, and bore a faithful Testified that the Spirit of testimony. God , was in this0 room, and prayed the Lord to bless us all and increase our faith. Sister Julia Samson felt she must bear her testimony. Said her heart was ready to burst with joy to think we were numbered with the Church of the "First Born," and felt she could shout. "Urged the sisters to be united and have faith ; cultivate it. Bore a strong testimony. Counselor Annie T. Hyde was pleased to meet with her sisters, said she had been 'deprived of this privilege for some time ; also spoke upon faith. Felt it was faith that sustaiued us in our trials;- in our prayers we. should always say "Not my '.be done, but Thine." Her will lemaiks oh faith were beautiful. Prayed that we might have faith that we could know there was a God who watched over us and heard us at all times. Sister Sarah M. Kimball inade some excellent remarks on faith, and spoke of the Woman's Exponent and felt that it was not sustained as it should, be. It was a very excellent little paper and was a woman's paper and should be sustained by the women of Utah at least. Urged the sisters to do better in the future, and refered to the remarks of Sister Alder on the resurrection, 'she also had heard Tosenh Smith say- that when the kdvs of the resurrection were given it would be so simple that we would wonder we had not seen it before, "frayed the Lord to bless us all. - Sister Jane James bore a faithful testimony and said she had been terribly afflicted in her head, and she took her consecrated oil and anointed herself and she was healed. Felt that that was faith, and praised the Lord for her blessings. .. Sister Barrow told how she had anointed' her children with' oil and blessed them, and they recovered ; also spoke of the gift of "wisdom and discernment ; said she had Prated always been blest with faith. the Lord to help us to overcome evil and have our faith increased. Testified God heard and answered prayers when He was sought in faith. The speaker finished by speaking in tongues, which was interpreted by. Dr. K. S. Barney. Sister Elizabeth Paul felt there had never been a greater flow of the Spirit in this building than new. "Told how she had been blest by going to the Temple. Spoke on faith, and felt there was a great day at hand. Prayed we might be able to endure. President Hornemadeclosing remarks. Felt we had had a feast of fat things. Sister Home spoke of the Exponent ; said there was no nnnpr that find done the ood and allayed the prejudice that that little paper had done. The price of it was very low, and in the reach of all. Urged the sisters to do all they could in this direction, and speak of it in their Relief Society meetings ; also, spoke of the Woman's Store and the competent . help in there now, and sisters T wouldfc&dlhet li ren T . . i - peJirrtfe .' thetn;. uiese were temporal, things to ;. speak of, but ivt liadwto mix tlie. temporal with the spiritual. Urged the sisters to induce and persuade more of the sisters to come to these meetings ; she felt they were , becom- . , ing better all the time.' ' x Adjourned for two weks. : Singing" Dox- blogy, benediction by Sister J. C. Howe. , ' ; Zin'A , Hyde, Sec. . . for-we-- must -- : - O,-Go- - -- -' . -- IN MEM0R1AM. RACHEL V. S. TANNER. Sister Ra'chel Winter Smith Tanner died at her home in South Cottonwood on" Saturday, Nov. 7th, 1896, aged 78 years anda little over six months. She was the daughter of William and Jane Calkin Smith and was born at Bolton Warren county, New York, May 1,. 1S18. When she was but 13 years of age she embraced the Gospel and was;baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints. On the 30th of June 1836 she was married to Elder Nathan Tanner who was then laboring in the ministry and has been a well know figure in Church history for many years. She removed with her husband and Kirtland- - in the fall of the parents to same year, where her first child a'daughter, was bom. She afterwards went with her husband to Far West, Missouri where she shared in the terri-- . hie persecutions endured by4he Saints such as burning and pillaging their houses and driving the Saints therefrom, while her husband was under guard in the town. Sister Tanner and her sister were alone at her home about a mile and a half distant with her only child, an infant daughter, lying at the point of . death. Not knowing what hour she might be forced to flee, homeless and friendless, she with her own brave hands dug its little grave beneath the floor and sat the night out with her precious babe wrapped in its mantle prepared to consign its little form to mother earth should it breathe its last before she was forced to flee. Through her unbounded love, tender and affectionate care and fervent faith and prayers, the babe lived and gre.v to womanhood ; and alhad though she died at the early age of thirty-fiv- e ..ovpr forty descendents, the children .ind gfawV childrsn of Elder James S. Brown of this city. With her husband bister lanner left Far West in the exodus of the Saints, and moved toa-pJacalled New Liberty in Adams county, Illinois, where they remained for a couple of years when they removed to near Montrose just across the river from Nauvoo. Here they remained till driven from Nauvoo. From Nauvoo they went to Winter Quarters where they tarried a year and in 1848 they came to Utah and settled at South Cottonwood. Sister Tanner has been be all her loved as well as by her by . c rr r iner t acquaintances ana Kinu anecuonaie cisposiuon as lamuy ior w ell as for her devotion to the principles of the everlasting Gospel. She was fully prepared for her decease which she met with the same calmness and fortitude that distinguished her through life. She and her husba'.id, Elder Nathan Tanner were just previous to her departure among the oldest; if Jhey were not the very oldest living members of the Church. -- Her daughter Mrs. Emily S. Richards is well known in Utah, as is her son Nathan Tanner of Ogden. She called her children to her bedside and with a clear mind and full faith in her glorious future disposed of her earthly effects and gave directions as to her funeral. It Was numerously attended in the South Cottonwood meeting house, where the services were conducted by Bishop J. S; Rawlins, who bore a splendid testimony to the worth of the deceased. Impressive addresses were delivered by Elders F. D. Richards, F. M. Lyman and F. S. Richards, and President Joseph F. Smith preached a funeral discourse of great feeling, power and light, In were'clearly portrayed, and the life and 'character of the departed were eulogized in appropriate language. After benediction by Elder JohnT. Caine the remains were followecLby a large procession of carriages to the Salt Lake cemetery. Thus this faithful pioneer has gone tojoiri the goodly company of the blest who have preceded her, to enjoy the sweet rest of the just and prepare for the glorious resurrection morn, when those who are in Christ, shall come lorth to inherit the reward that is prepared for them. The memory of the pure in heart is blessed.! . -- ce ? 1 1 1 a - , which-principles-pertain- ing Dear Sister - We "desire to call your attention to the fact that the Woman's Co-oon 1st South, four floors West of Dinwoodey Furniture Store is under new management' and .will, we think, interest our readers if they Will call Uiere and see for themselves the .improved aspect of the :- n 4 store. engaged Sister Fran- cis and her daughter, Sister Kelly, to take charge. The former is a woman of great business tact having held prominent positions for over 20 years. Her testimonials from English mercantile houses are undeniable proofs of her. ability. Mrs. Kelly was in the employ of a Court milliner and dressmaker in Loudon and Was her mother's 'first hand during the .six years they had large dressmaking parlors of their own "previous to leaving England. We can now undertake dressmaking in all its branches and can assure perfect fit and style ; ladies capes and jackets a' speciality. Our charges are moderate. Dresses from $5.00 up. The Millinery Department is now replete with all the novelties of the. season, both in trimmed and untrimmed hats, also bonnets and toques, turbans and children's hats and caps. We have a special line ofladies and child rens Logan. knitted stockings, union suits, vests etc. very cheap. We wish ' to call your attention to the knitted garments, small size (dadies) $3.50 a pair, and large size $4)00. All who have worn them are well pleased. Every requisite for Temple work always on hand. As the share holders of the Woman's are all interested in the welfare of Utah and home industries and productions, and desirous of establishing home institutions, therefore we feel that we shall not appeal in vain in asking for the pmronage d of the sisters-anthe general public toxome-ansee us and we will dolour best to give you satisfaction .The committee-hav- e y -- Co-o- p - ? d D. WELCOME IDAHO from Hon. Edgar Wilson, the member of. Congress from Idaho,-t- o WoviaiCs Journal'. Telegram Boise, Idaho, November 9. 1S96. It will be impossible tox give the figures of the vote on the woman suffrage Amendment until the official count has been completed in the counties. Returnsxas yet are incomplete. Information received indicates that the Amendment has received of theivptes cast-othat proposition, s less of than but the entire votes On account a of polled. peculiar provisiork of our state Constitution it is claimed that an Amendment must receive of all trie votes cast in a general election. If this' construction prevail the Amendment will be lost. two-thir- ds n two-third- to-futur- ity -- , L.OM. . two-third- s Ex. CERAMICS. Read before the U. IV. Press Club.) Germany claims t6 have made enanieted ware in the 13th century ; be that as it. may, it has attained considerable reputation in Ceramics. It is difficult to determine 