WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 70 :ztz 1 success in every other ".'cspect.; Tier subject anu was I lie .rate oi i.epnoncs;was handled in a masterly manner. Miss Shaw-wa- s introduced to the audfcmce.by Govcr-ne- r Wells in 'a brief But very graceful speech, and her audience were appreciative and sympathetically responsive, and all hoped it would not be her last visit to Salt Lake' City. , , . At a business meeting of the officers of the State. Suffrage; Association held in the office of the Woman's Ivxponent on Weda. m. (and as this nesday, October 7, at was the time for the election of officers for the ensuing year) a quorum being present, among other nutters considered was of continuing the Association, the members having since obtaining the franchise divided on party lines!' In this connection Mrs'. Emily S. Richards moved Vthat the Association hold over ' until next April, and that official letters be sent to all County organizations requesting them to give ait expression, in writing on the question of continuing the clilierent organizations. The motion was. seconded by Mrs. Klla W. Hyde, and carried unanimously. After the transaction of some other to -- business, the meeting adjourned subject he call of the President. - ". -- 1 1 'the-subje- ct LADIES SEMI-MONTHL- MEETING'. Y y MiNUTKSof the Meeting Ward th the held in Assembly Hall, i,i Oct. 1S96, Counselor E. 17, Saturday, Webb presiding. Singing " Lord we come before Thee now," 'prayer by Counselor Semi-Monthl- Clara C. Cannon, singing " Welcome best of all good meetings, " minutes of previous Counselor meeting read and approved. TY'frljhougTn7 we. could have a very pleasant meeting although there were so few here, for the Lord had promised that where a few had met together in His name there He would be also ; said there was a good deal of sickness no w and we had need to put our trust in the Lord; made some excellent jemarks. Regretted very much President Home's sickness which prevented her being here with the sisters. Counselor Clara C. Cannon bore a strong testimony, felt she was strengthened in doing so, said the sisters faces, 110 matter how old and plain .they, might be, looked beautiful to her spoke of her severe illness and how she was healed almost instantly by' faith, said it would take hours to tell of her blessings. Prayed God' to bless us all and strengthen us. Sister Sarah M. Kimball said the sentence just came to her If ye love me, feed my sheep," thought by attending these meetings we were fed, spoke of a sister's fast day meeting experience, and on faith and asked questions on the same.: Referred to Sister Rachel Grant's affliction, of her deafness, felt we should exercise more faith for our loved ones and for ourselves, faith bjr living pure lives" and" be coming pure in heart. Proposed that the e of the meeting and the next two be " Faith," prayed the Lord to to weeks give lis the spirit of inspiration and of faith, that when we laid our hands on the sick T they might be healed. President Mary A. Hyde felt it a privilege to meet here with the sisters, todays-saiwhen, she first joined the Church she' could pick out every Latter-daSaint in a p2&ti'rtt key-not- - y ur with - Signorelli and . 1 - and-injured-her- 1 -arm 1 , t - and-spe- ak . - .. . - . ' . 4xre4ier-tttinitrttymlItorais-- lie Lord. Sister Allred related her experience . when a very young girl'before joining the Church, she had a verysick spell and was healed by the. Elders of the Church. Bore a faithful testimony. Counselor E T. Webb felt we had had a very good meeting and hoped we would act upon Sister Kimball's suggestion and study the subject of faith, and all have something to say at the next meeting about it, Singing, Doxology. .Benediction by Sister Mary Alice Lambert. " Zina Hyde, . . Sec. LEAVES PROM M Y JOURNAL: Rome, Saturday- Dec. 3, 1895. journe:x was resumed by rail via - The Chiusi and Arrezo, U12 latter a town in the grand duchy ofTuscany at the influx of the Chiano into theN.rno, 55 miles from Florence, anciently celebrated for terracotta vases. The celebrated, painter Spin-ett- o Aretino was born herehe was esteemed equal to Giotto in desigii and his superior in pain ting ; also the birthplace of Petrarch (the house still .stands lnXthe quaua ueii kjiiq) m me immediate neigii- oorlioocl Michael Anerelo was born. The scenery along this route is lx:autiful and every inch of the. way most . interesting.". "Not far from Arrezzo we pass Carlona , an ancient town on ' a; hill overlooking Logo Tra'simeuo, the site of the Hannibals victory and the beautiful Valle di Chiano, there are remains of . Etruscan wallsf tbe . ; center of Florence and historic, as here Savonarola was hanged and burned in 149S. " After the departure of Charles VIII, Savonarola was made lawgiver of Florence: a council with' a select committee like that of Venice but with Christ as their king instead of a Doge, was the government that he '. advocated ; his throne was the pulpit; he ruled for three years. During this time ' such an inspiration of love and sacrifice breathed throughout Florence thatunlawful possessions were restored, enemies embraced, hymns, not ballads were sung in the streets, and the adherents of Savonarola went from house to house collecting all sensuous books and pictureswhich they burnt on a huge, pyre on th last day of the carnival; About thetime Savonarola was hung Amerigo Vespucci of Florence who gave his name to America, explored the coast of Venezuela."; Our manager pointed out Palazzo Vecchio thejresidence of Cosmo I. begun in 129S," an example of the Florentine castles, of the middle ages, at the entrance is Bandinelli's group of Hercules and Cacus, the court is jidorned with sculptured columns ai d an elegant foun tain w i th a fi g ure of Vorocchio, the great hair is frescoed by Vosari and contains Passaglio's statue of. Savonarola. is ear the place is a magnificent fountain of the time of Cosmo I. and an evhnestrian stafUeof Cosmo by John of' Bologna (594' ; in the sairie square is "tEeogia'deTI3nzi 14th century, an open vaulted hall very beautiful and, containing masterpieces ' of sculpture, adjoined to this is the Portico degli- - Uffizi adorhed with statues of cele- -- - - cuiti-A'ateo- ir"?,- - fwKicIv wasHhe SpiHt of.tH'e painters Another a great testimony to hen iorc a strong other was Peruiria". the Roman rerusia, an with ntner i' testimony, spoke of her, association brok-en Etruscan city on a hill ;oo feeOabove, the the Prophet' Joseph Smith also of her Collegio was healed by the old valley of the Tiber. In the limb and how-s- he room beautiful decor, a there Ciimbio is del' power of faith, nladesom'e other excellent ated with frescoes by Pei;ugino, the Cathedremarks. MasterSister J. C. Howe said since meeting ral SC. Lorenzo contains Barqccios and the piece a Descent from the Cross, with us last she had great cause for gratiContains rich manuscript, the church tude, told how. she had met with a very library for exquisite stained severe accident, had fallen from a high St. Domenico is noted eci ic t -- her first: g abS a ndj h eji o n u ment ofPoie Be n placevr. About fifteen miles' from here is thought was to be administered to which Assisi. famous for the great Fraucescan was done and she was .healed, felt to praise was the 'Monastery founded in 122S; its churches the Lord for this., considered-iare rich iu art treasures, the Monasduty when we had these manifestations of also God's goodness to us to speak of these" teries are most interesting. ;We noticed the Carthusian Monastery, things. Prayed the Lord to bless us all. when passing. each a tiny house, a room felt while' the the Monks have - Sister Armeda S. Young sisters were speaking on faith she ?nuU to live and eat. in, .another to sleep in; the of how she was blest.' She rooms have balconies.overlooking the arise frareferred to the work of Sister Sorenson, she dens whicli.are;bright witlrcolors'and "1 : had fasted and prayed that she might have- grant with sweet smells. ... ; We arrive at Florence (the city of flowers), an opportunity 01 speamng 10 iiucm Wroodru about this work. She had the pleasantly" situated among the- hills, with chance and President Woodruff said to her, the river Arno flowing through the city, 011 "God bless you and go on with your its right bank is the spleiidid walk of the woik." She felt comforted and blest by Cascine, on the left the beautiful Viale dei Colli. Driving to our hotel we had splen; this. Bore a strong testimony. Sister Elizabeth Paul spoke on Faith also did views ofjhe bridge, over the Arno, Mr. testified that God did hear and answer our Mc. V. pointing out Ponte Yecchio, rebuilt' line of prayers, the Lord was displeased with none in 1362, remarkable for its double so much as those that did not. acknowledge shops, the Ponte G Triuita is a handsome His hand, told how she had been healed bridge, 16th century with statues of the and how she had helped to administer to- Seasons. The Campanile, the unrivaled others, felt it was our duty to speak of these work of Giotto is 292 feet high of many things. Prayed God to bless us all and colored marbles and adorned with statues increase our faith. Sister Paul was filled and reliefs by Donatello, Andrea, Pisauo with the spirit of prophecy, and prophecied and other Masters. We reach Hotel Wash6, Lung Arno Movo Alexander de good things for the sisters. many ington ' Sister Waterfall gave her experiences in. Gablo in time for dinner. her sickness and how she had been healed December 4. Early morning found us" ; ; are adorned f'atliVflrfrl ntul churches fates' , ' ' . . . -- . 