I? ' it'. I 1 Vol. Z, a; 24. SALT CONTENTS: - v. "culture. An Important aine. u. W. IVC.-E- llis catmgljhe Mead neart-- ur. la R. ShirSn. th-glo- "Editorial Poetry:-T- oo Late-- H. Myrtle And Violets R. M. F. The Arbor Tree-Lou- ise. , Evening Thoughts -- Lydra I). Alder. VGiye Happiness"' om Often to him her yearning heart longed Sweet of 'hope to impart; But his wounded pride forbade himVpeak, 'And 'they drifted still apart. " s v TOO LATE. The golden rays of the setting .sun, Through a rity'ng cloudiand glare, And linger lovingly on the heads. A gloomy shroud of deathlike silence,- fc ThatforetoId.hisIife.to.be; Sweet womanly virtues she possessed, n and rare to see. No thought;had,they that their childood joys, God-give- Would flee with the passing day; That life henceforth was reality, The'past.but a sweet dream lay. The fading lights'thr.ow their mellow beams, Far.oatTo'er tne'distant land. While the dark'ning twilight nearer draws, Where they still in silence stand. ed-t- e ht r - He loved her; and thougl. in years his life Was young arid as yet unknown; But within his breast a man's heart beats, And the flower of love was blown. No whisper falls on her.list'ning ear, Of the, truth that lies concealed; For her heart unconscious sleeps; nor knows The sweet" secret unrevealed. The parting wbrdsjwere quietly said, That took him farAfrom her side; And lifetraveled on'itold sweet way, No thoughtfor what might betide. Years had passed since that fair summer day, When they watched the setting sun; Years that had left their unerring mark, Yet many a vict'ry won. No change had come'tohis constant heart, ' Though long days had come and gone; His love had grown strong, and pure.and deep. VrhiIe her heart still slumbered on. , He lay that night.'in a prison cell, A victim of circumstance. , Held by the law for a deed most vile, n. That another's hand had done; But his heart was pure, his hands unsoiled, And his guilt believed by none. Only one night, but the sad mistake Had his fair name stigmatized, And rendered his hopes of future bliss, But vain dreams unrealized. . stopped to pick you these violets; The first in the meadow I've seen, And here is a wee bit of myrtle, That through the long winter kept reen. Sweet hope that once shone o'er her pathway, Now lies dead within her breast;- .r While oft the pale lips plantive murmur, "Love, why thus my heart oppress?" They took me way back to our childhood, Why wife there's a tear i a your eye, And you know I cannot be happy When you have a tear or a sigh." But-no ass ariag-j&ch- reached-!- ; She has reached the heav'nly goal. Softly the tread of a footstep falls, Without the door, He has hopeful come, his love to tell, And to count their parting o'er. His passionate cry meets no response, As he kneels beside the cot;' Unheeded now his agonized words, "Come back, dear heart, leave me not." death-chamb- er Too late. he has come with tales of love, To that still heart pleads in. vain; Too late he knows that his selfish pride, His life's dearest hope has slain. April 30, 1S96, . " "Arrested for crime!" The, papers ran, The news spread quick as. a glance; This letter had no thought of sorrow, Nor the slightest breath of a care: But a glimpse of a rosy future,. ' To which Eden alone could compare. Ah! Well she remembered its coming, Why, only a short time ago,. She anxiously watched for the postman, So eager its contents to know. It read, "you're the best and the dearest, " Wlien, Oh when! will you name the day? Your will shall be always my pleasure, Your life one long morning of May." " Was ever a maiden so happy, Was ever a letter like this, Or ever a future that promised, Such; joy and such unceasing bliss? I Her anguished heart to console. Like a tender flower, storm tossed and bruised, In his tender glance and softened tone, Was'the old, "old story's", trace. . No. 23 Chased the light of glor'ous day, Without a sorrow-lade- n chamber, 'Where she lonely dying lay. She had waited long and patiently, - For the words that never came Only a symbol that proved to her, That he. still remained the same. , -- u p tu 1 n edfa"ce7 f And Will was so tall and so handsome, His heart was so tender and true, His strong arm would always protect her, "Good gracious my man is that you?" "Why Susan I've come to my dinner; Don't you hear the clock striking one, And I'm in a hurry and hungry; For my work you know must be done'. - Anon from the. tranquil scene, his gaze Wa4ef " For the joys that never 'come; For the soul that starves for love's caiess, Whose lips are forever dumb. ,. " V-- . Alas, for the life that. weary waits, Of a youth and maiden fair. He was noble, good, with manly mien, r -- : -- -- x. West. 1, 1896. When of tint unkind sto't, ' Threw its shadow "crops' her way. How often alfiiction's hand nuist,trn , The course of a loving heart, And bridge tiie gulf of indinerence. That holds it from love apart. At last the star that should light, her wav. Has risen in clouds of despair; ' Its dim rays fall on her lonely path',' Like spectres so grim, and bare. E du Ij0nt Forget To Clothe The Notes. UTAH,' MAY A night of utter darkness '" Took the place of sunny day,.' Industry-Marir- aret EmTORiALrr-SufirageiivT- he CITY, And she? Elvira Stevens Barney. Women In ,A Tribute Of Love-M- ary A. P. Food For .Hyde. Though- t- Ziou's Convert! In memoriam. Obituaries. Sappho E.B V. umce-h- LAKH the Rights of the Women of 'all Nations. MYRTLE AND VIOLETS. 'Twas only an old, faded letter, With some violets, pressed between The folds that were yellow and broken, And a sprig of myrtle yet green. But 'twas breathing of love and springtime, Of fields where the primroses grew, Where buttercups, cowslips and daises, Were mingled with violets blue. Which often in childhood they gathered, And under the May. That so thickly clung to the halvihorne, He decked her with garlands so gay. Sometime too in childish amazement They had gazed on the distant hill; Where giants with eyes big as saucers . , So theyaid, were roaming at wj'U, sweet-scente- d "Ah William yon'M h f" " I'm sorry that dinner is late: But you see.T found an old letter-W- ell here let me give you a plate! And I had forgotten the dinner, Indeed I was thinking of you; When you had not yet reached the twenties; And now you are seventy-two- . --Vxi forgqtteirwchad been mart i ed "Pretty well on to fifty years; ... forgotten our sorrows, Aye, even forgotten our tears." I did not remember th 2 struggle We had that our babes might have bread; How I felt when I thought I had lost you, When the neighbors said you were dead! Yes, I had ' H. Our children are wedded and settled: And I had forgotten their birth, . I remembered not the two darlings We laid deep, in the damp, cold earth. For the time my rnem'ry .deceived me,I was living over again; The days when we romped in the meadows, Or wandered through the green lane. And William I know rmprovokmg, Bat reading that long treasured note; I forgot how terrible angry " You were when I wanted to. vote. r - v You've always been kind to me husband, "But that was6a puzzler for you; When you found, expressed by the ballot, Sometimes our opinions were two. . But after all's said we are here Will, Devoted as lovers could be; And though our lives have been checkered. We still can look forward and see: 