WOMAN'S ' KXPONENT. d'3 e a-- . n r !'i'ttit.w-'xi-rea- -- a number of It and the ladies Had their work.1 Mrs. Dall did the reading and asked questions, they meet in her morning-roomcurrent events were gone through with, she doing all the" reading; then the business of the morning began, the reading of (Mudame D'Arblay) Fannie Buruey's( letters when at the Court of George the III of England; Mrs. Dall commenting. as she read. Mrs. l.rall told me she had been in U.taiu and seemed- - L know a great deal about you all, in fact nearly all or everybody one meets here has been in Utah or has relatives or friends there. Mrs.. Cleveland is yet at Wood ly where she tied with the children when measles broke out in, the I received a nice letter White- House. from her yesterday and she writes, "Ruth and Esther both have had the disease and both are out again,- - the little baby .seems tc be going to escape. The children haoTgood thorough cases and I think in" a few days The they will be 'as strong as ever.' sweetest thin r I have vet seen in Washing- ton is the three Cleveland children in the nursery. Ruth was born in Oct. 1S91 listner sept, qui, 93 Aianon juiy, 95. Mrs.. Cleveland has nursed all her children. I wish our Utah mothers could see how inexpensively and plainly they were dressed the day I sawthem.not a bit of trimming or a tuck or a rutrle on any one of the three; they were jolly, wholesome, and rather These people can see the prosperity of having ight as well as day, for night brings a new. lesson for them to learn, The Solar System for instance which shows how the'plauets revolve around the sun and then can (bring' a few of these judges togej&er; . . . was a . rainy morning' , our earth also is a planet, &c. ana they people.- Now j (Pae tUtiG?":' rr BoMosiah:! e snaii.-mdg- by -- 3 V., AJma vrztt the-firs- " . ' chief judge" and t we, learn from the book, of Almathat a man by the name of Korihor did not believe in Now when we contemplate these things God, but said it was a foolish tradition of. we see our rather designs and purposes their fathers to deceive the people and so be come in. their own time and. place; all for a. injurious to the people, and glut themselves" wise purpose known only to Himself, yet oil the labors of the people. Alma said to him you know better, we do not take one being His children we learn them by experience: vhile He knows the results before senine for our labors only for the time we they are seen by us. He knew who are on the judgment seat but we work for would accept of this" sacred relic the Book .our support. That the' people may, not be of Mormon and appreciate it too. He knew taxed so heavily. But Korihor would not it would le those who were firm believers listen but must have a sign that there was a in our Savior's teaching and his power td God. do the mighty works he did, called miracles. Now Alma was grieved with his stubborn did Now the question arises. Why the will but being a righteous man asked God fifteen years to strike him dumb, it was done, then he angel tell Joseph (this boy not .eld then) after seeing the plates that it was wrote saying he had beer. 'told by a person "not time yet, until four years more, but he to teach these words ad was so successful ' must meet him once a year until this time he began to believe it himself. Here he expired. Does not this show that there are saw his errors and that by the power of times and seasons for every purpose under God. Here we learn from this ancient history This then is an important era of time, how the Lord can bless the righteous, the great events "will transpire in these days, upright, and just and bring to naught the not only by science which has captivated designs of wicked men. The book of the human - family: but great calamities, Mosiah is beautiful on this subject. which man cannot fathom and which stops But grandeur and style has absorbed our man in his wild career to call him to acattention to that degree that this precious count how he has spent his talents and time book has been neglected, until we begin to given him by, his Creator, for the humln feel oppression in .various, ways, one in.' family take great credit to themselves beparticular is in building large and grand r lr,rl-inMrn "Pnth Iru 1it'f cause of their improvement in the sciences.5 structures rliintv which must be paid by taxes. her mother, Esther has Light hair. You see Would it not be well then to be humble Another is the scientific machinery, by Mrs. Cleveland has her hands full to say since we claim God to be our Father: and which one man can do the work of five nothing of her social duties. Her mother remember this life is a school where there men thus leaving those five men out of 'Mrs. Ferine is to me as interesting as the are so many lessons to learn, each of them work. Then how c?n these taxes be paid, daughter and they are wonderfully alike. tc fit us for some place in pur Father's and obey the laws of God to feed and bless Mrs. Ferine is a great favorite in Washingthe destitute. kingdom. ton and goes about and makes visits in the This being the case let us beware of pride We read in yesterday's paper that 500. ooo' so the people which ij the spun u: this World and not 01, rinlhirs My hn-- ; hern rroup-hand most .sociable manner in. which is tm i i like her ' greatly, ihe Vice resident s. our Father. The Book of Mormon shows "only one third of taxes due to this'city, family are also - very democratic and very' this in terms so plain that you can not be six hundred thousand remains due,x in demuch liked, they live at "La Normande" .mistaken. What do we learn of those taxes. Yet every piece of property and are in mourningfor a daughter but they people who came to this continent because linquent is heavily taxed. , go about as they like and every one's face of their humility and faith in God? His How glad would' we be to see those Mrs. Stephenson wears' a smile when protecting hand was over them, how great- days King Mosiah saw when he,although ' comes near them. ly they were blessed until they became their king was careful not to be oppressive I want to say in closing, that the weather jTcjiJnpridlygCMxls then-pri- de rept-in-and nxrthepeopleiu taxation: And w h errAl m ar followed and in malice hatred its came to him to be instructed by him how to envy, have been to are no nicer than ours in Salt train. judge a certain few King Mosiah says Then we see the words of the wise king "I judge them not, I leave this to yourself." Lake; the people I have met are no brighter, the women are not nearly as pretty and or prophet verified, who said "Pride comes Alma was grieved but he went to God for the Brown family are all anxiously longing before destruction and a haughty spirit wisdom even as King Solomon asked Gcd for the adjournment of Congress to get : fall." for wisdom to judge Israel. back to dear old Utah. .Now: 1 would ask: W hat is our position zThey neither- of them failed to get what to day, da wTe ever hear said 'I am proud of they asked' because they were humble and of this this yes that,' . proud gospel, and had faith in . God our Father. THE BOOK OF proud that God is our Father, I would Was there ever a book besides this book "would be proud of, me aud help which can so He rather A Sacred Relic.') beautifully illustrate what we me to live so that His smile of approbation and what we should be, to please our Did any one ever read this Book of may rest upon that I do or say,-- rather than are, Father. I never sawT its equal. Mormon with an inquiring mii.d to know I should make a grand display with which Heavenly . V M. E. K. why it was kept expressly for this period I may dazzle the eyes of my friends. No of time, for this generation? Do. they dif--. let them be - friends because I have proved ter Iroru other, people, does not human myself worthy of their friendship. ' News comes from Lexington, Ky., that Please excuse me if I compare notes of niture seem to be the same to day that it has previously been for ages. the time the Book of Mormon speaks of, Col. W. C. P. Breckinridge is canvassing Oh yesr but you "will remejatertLprd.. and the present time. We read in days of h&4fstrict-agaiirto ruu.f03r.C0.ngres5T-.tMssaid ni the last days iie would pour out .King Mosiah who was a righteous man, year. and the old movement of the women His spirit upon all flesh:" aud now since but was about to die: he recommended they in the district is being reorganized. They this has been done see how science has had no king excepting he was a. righteous will oppose the Colonel as they ' opposed ' flourished until, we are all captivated, by man because a wicked king would bring him. two years ago. Then the race for So much so we have no time to ! j " ... -- - . . .the-sun- ' - ; . j I . " " L i t 4 v- - i . -- - -c- be-for- ea . , - - - MOR-MON- ' . . - ' 7 . science. read sacred relics. O no! A grand display of everything is the need of the Hour today. Yet there are a portion of the people, who believe in an Omnipotent Power called God. These people can see the hand of God in all things. 7"" " ' ., much destruction upon the people, he thought judges would be best. While he had been king the Taws were just laws, and peace prevailed, he said if your judgedq not judge by the law which has been given, ye can cause them to be judged by a higher law, and if this fail ve . nomination between Breckinridge and Owens Noivthe friends of Kentucky 's d orator express the fullest ; confidence in his success. He has been practising law quietly for the last two years, and seems to have worked off his memory of the suit that caused Owens to beat him. e. was-clos- -- . silver-tongue- . -- 