j VV Ji'is a numb'jr of squares but they are not beautiful altlruutrh decorated with obelisks j, j U M A N'S of climate. My window commands views report of her work for the National Red ot the Bay an J lulls. I walked out. noon.: Cross Society- and the f&JWil1-"- - i'alace at the extremity or me uo.vii me vnus is me.swisir 01 me oiue Via Roma is home like, the young Prince waters; the scene was just heavenly. At resides there; it contains old "paintuigs and dinner there were other Americans who majiy beautiful things, the Royal entrance came, via Gibraltar, will remain two weeks.' Is magnificent, the ballroom is handsome; The dinner was extremely fine, at dessert, leading from it on each side are a series of the waiter passed me something wrapjed in beautiful rooms where , the, dancers mI or grape leaves "A specialite" of Sorrento, promenade. The effect is like that of the they were dried grapes of delicious flavor at another "Indian fruit," which is found to President's room, in the Capital s be cactus fruit. Iliad eaten the. fruit of Washington, T). C, looking into the the room each side is reflected a score the cactus, this was sweeter. After dinner we went into the ballroom of times, a mo it beautiful sight; the theatre is pretty but does not compare with those where the natives, danced aiufsang for us of the Bourbon Princes. The double Balcony dressed in their gorgeous costumes; they was a 'dream of delight, with exquisite were very graceful. Among the dances by men and women was. the Tarentalla and views of the Bay and Vesuvius.. Their Zingarella, very beautiful. Thursday Nov. 28. A fair day and calm the voices too were fine and they finished the sea, we determined to visit the wonderful entertainment with" God save the Queen" Ulue Grotto or "Grotto of the .Nymphs," for the English guests, and "Yankee as should the sea be rough itwoukrbe 'im Doodle" for the Americans; we all rose to possible to enter there. Capri is atrUsland, of Italy 111 the Mediterranean at the entrance our feet while they sang. The evening delightfully. of the Bay of Naples', and twenty milesV Kim. south of the City of Naples.. We started early and going, aboard a SIXTIETH WEDDING ANNIVER beautiful yacht' steamed away to the Island, the water beautifully calm and blue, the SARY. views superb, the fiery crest of Vesuvius RiCFLKCTroNS 011 the sixtieth wedding a strikingcontrast.. Arriving at Capri the boats were waiting to take us into the anniversary of Patriarch Daniel Tyler and Grotto, two in a boat. ..As we neared the wife, by their daughter Alice M, Tyler ' entrance the men shouted to us to lie down, Tanner. Miss L. was in my boat, we could n6t sit My dear Parents, Relatives and Friends: up as the opening was not high enough and Sixty years ago today a young man and is only visible at low tide; the spectacle maiden started' on a voyage down the - The chamber is 175 stream of life together. They were then was in the bloom of youth, and life was bright ft. by 100 and is 41 ft. high, illuminated only from the entrance and by the refleetion-fron- i before them. They had one grand lofty the bottom 60 ft. below; the walls ot aim in view, and pressed forward hand in hand determined to win the reward the cave, the boats and people were an indescribably beautiful blue, the water like a promised to those, who falter not. Lambent sheet of blue flame," the oars logether thev have dvmd thr-i- j oys and looked like they were spangled with jewels, sorrows .ancf when demons have attacked the boys that divef look when they come their little boat and declared they, should to .the surface,; as if incased in blue armor. not Win the prize, they pressed boldly forReturning to 'the yacht we now proceeded ward and left far behind those who sought to the picturesque village on the Island their destruction. where we were to lunch,, then drive;-'Twa- s ...Again we scq them when the young here Tiberius passed the last ten man was called to fight for1 his country's years of his life, where he built twelv-- ' viU cause and leave his dear companion's side. She took the oars and guided the little ves las the "remains of which are still to be seen 44 " II Salto from which it is sel safely on its course until the flag of our and the rock said the tyrant used to throw his victims. country' was planted .on this dear soil of As we landed the natives urged us' to ride ours, where phce the rule of Mexican autheir donkeys up the steep incline to our thority had been. . side and as hotel on the edge of a hill with remarka- "Again we see them side-byble views' of the sea and" Isles. The lunch the years go swiftly by, other" forms and was served on the veranda surrounded with faces are welcomed by them on their little Three generations noyv claim a' orange, lemon and citiou trees; the natives vessel. in share their love and none are repelled sold us beautiful coral. After lunch we but a blessing is ever" on the lips of this drove about the Island. There were marvelous views of villas", garden, and castles dear couple who are now feeble and grey, and the imposing volcano which we seem not only for their own little crew, but for never to lose sight of. Returning to the the many others who seek their blessings yacht we resumed our voyage to Sorrento and counsel. where we were to remain the night. Arriv-inat Grand Hotel Victoria situated on the Mrs. John MuNkOE, of Elbridge, N. very margin of the. Cliffs we entered years .of age, made a quanlike a tunnel where the porters were Y., seventy-fivof tity maple syrup with her own hands Waiting for us with the information, The from the trees that grew in her yard. She lilt was out'of repair;" so we walked up this steep incline, entered the gardens and then invited her friends to come to her house and partake of it. By this unique passed into' the hotel. The proprietor met" ' ' ' Suffrage Sociable ' she cleared ten dollars us and we were shown, to our rooms, our for the Organizations Fund, v baggage soon lollowed and we dresd for Table. d Hote tsX 7 o'clock. Miss Clara Barton, has arrived, in .This part of Italy gHas a New York. She declines 'to talk much scene of for to and tation charm beauty interviewers, but is preparing- a detailed i Armenians were starving, ami uui im- " The. problem- which must lie Jielped. will confront the 'civilized world next winter," Miss Barton said, "is whether it will permit these" poor,, people to starve to death. It is one that demands an immediate answer.-- The world has- a responsibility on its hands." Mrs. May Wright Sjvam, attended the Peace Congress at' Buda Pesth last month. ' - - . ; mir--ror- -- 1 - ' 1 Yuii as.k me now if Had -- -- regrtt 1 1 : l, I ' the power to show What value on your love' I set, I need not answer, no Though fond and tender then you seemed, And I no scruples knew; With all my faith had nut dreamed, 01 one so wholly true. . -- kntlt A year ago to'Jay, wc Iiefore the sacred slirinc; And only peace and joy felt, To link my fate with thine. j t most-beautifu- i. K X VO N'K N T Loyal . . 1 I. I, a UNFINISHED. "Lki r unfinished by the author's death," So read the other da; Left unfinished, the author gone, I here was ; nothing more to say. 1 The story wa i ltd unfinished, Though the author's work was done; And what he had in his busy brain, Not known to any one. r - . -- - ! . g Was lie reairyT'ultrinTljrtad? His, writing was all put aside, And never another can linisti it, Though ever so hard, tie tried. "Left unfinished, what a tale this tell-,His character left standing alone; And all because ihe'authorV work r,r . Was at tliat moment done. Thoughts many and varying rise; ,: world-wideTeu-- ." -- - k Shall we h.iisii our st jry iii lik-ill our writings be ended and done, Nor left where wo.idering is riie? "Left unfinished" theauthor gone, Can never another's pen, Trace his thoughts and tell us ' What the end might have beeiil Nay! into the Great Beyond, The author has journeyed on; And heart and brain are icsiing, While' the story is left undone; ' - . I wonder how many yet. living, Will have written on the page, "Left unfinished by the author's death," On receipt of the dread message. e - ! ? what-seeme- d - . There is something pathetic about it, . Sadly I ponder it o'er; It tells cf hopes dead, and untasted joys, . And now he can write no more. . Let us swiftly pick up the last stiches, And make our lives complete; That it may not be said "Unfinished," VVhen we go our record to meet. Lydia ' D. . AldeC 