her Switzerland seems toMiaye .devot workmen',.:' Hut for the eollec" den; In llmvcrs; birds, insects, "annuals .' torsjtiJUigUafy iye awf ihcfy.migtiV have .talents toenaineled ware, jo making. stoves-on a century 'longer eating from cheap. Prom muimas .111 ..Norm anu south "and figures the Dresden is superior."" In America there has been taken many specicolors, especially "rose and blue, the Sevres j Delft or pewter. The price of. 'Sevres is much excels. in the first lnd of the jStn century mens of soft pottery, but no date. Every--- . than Dresden, however. W'edgewood the first student of' art thin-- prior to the discovery of the western greater ' The France stands among the fir.it in the among- English potters introduced 'many continent is buried in, obscurity. alwere factories manufacture of. porcelain, In 1698 soft improvements, ..Many sj)ecimcns found, however, show close lineAfter productions, jeseniblance' to Kuropcan fabric. porcelains were made in France, and from ready established with ; "the the America but Wedgcwood settlement of but always expensive by Europeans, that time oh many factories were establishso. 'made here, but our Chelsea, Derby, coarse pottery was ed until 1756 when the famous Sevres remained moderately works were established and owned by Worcester- made at this time, occasional' ancestors used pewter and wooden dishes. pottery, Louis V., and he issued a decree forbidding-an- wares, mostly the. best continental Pottery 'was not common in America until .'person making painted or gilded'porce-laiu- . but these were exceptional. The public the middle of the iSth century, and few of Thus for a long time only royalty t.Ktc iv:m niit no. to tie liiL'Uest order .'in. revolutionary times had. ever seen porcecould buy Sevres: The most eminent the early part of this century. lain. Tea" was not used' in- Kurope until When public museums began to show the middle of the 17th century, and teapots artists were employed and their marks were placed iipou the ware the) decorated. The 'the people of Knglaud what Ceramic art and teacups and saucers were not made in times, and Kurope until the latter part of the 17th pictures of the great. Masters,, Raphael, hao" done in ancient Vandyke and Titian were copied by Ihem. when the old collections in private hands, century. So consequently when the people in Boston .. The most celebrated service ever made fur which the women of Kugland had 'been of Mass. gave theirgreat era a new there was executed in 177S for the Kmprts- ridiculed, were exhibited, began harbor, porcelain was conspicuous by its Until art. . of Russia, Catharine II., consisting of 740 in Knglish Ceramic today it absence. claims in this, as in everything else, to' surBefore the end of the iSth cGxitu'ry ruanv pieces and costing $200, 000. is a mat of course which is ; of color world Sevres characteristic The deep pass the potteries were established. In 1770 China dark blue. The cost of the ware depends 'ter of question. works were established in Philiadelpia a few I here wood. have isa as as well the the This work piecVof. Wedge breakage, upon specimens of which are preserved. In 1847 which often required the molding and bakac simile of the famous Portland vase as near a factory was established in Bennington, ' Vt. In 1S48 another factory was establishing of several pieces before a perfect one as pottery and glass can be made was finished. The Portland vase is a work of the 2nd, or ed, bat the glazyig cracked and, the body We come now to cultivated Knglaud our 3rd century. It is a beautiful cinerary urn of blistered. After many failures it was found The ancient potfriend and our foe. transparent dark blue glass formed of two they had a man in their employ who was ters of Kugland were numerous, the art; strata and cut in cameo style. It was ,;piid by Kitglish parties to make failures. having'. been used by the various tribes who found the middle of he 16th century in a He was discharged and the porcelain no possessed and governed the British Isles at marble sarcophagus near Rome. It was longer cracked. From that time to this ' different periods Celtic, Roman, British. deposited in the Barberini palace Rome, potteries have, increased until now there are Saxon and Norm 'in totters a.lound in hence it is often called the Barberini vase. nearly' one thousand potteries in the United tombs and barrows'. The Celtic are chiefly It was afterwards purchased by; the Duchess States out all kinds of ware, lrom ' turning funeral urns, domestic vessels, cups, bowls of Portland for 6000. It admits of 110 terra cotta to porcelain. I will speak briefand lamps. It has been supposed they classification as it stands alone of its ly on a few and show what leautiful ware were made by women. Norman potters kind. The Duchess loaned it to the British America attained to under the greatest "show but small advance and for a long museum where a drunken medical student difficulty. time after the Norman conquest there was smashed it with a stone. The pieces .vere S. L. M. little improvement.- Tiles were made and so skillfully ' of much its iCmiLiimid put together tint were in chinches them with paVed man) beauty still remains, it still remains in the 13th and 14th century; many of them the Biitish museum. The first copies made are still preserved'. Mrs. Olive C Butler Mrs. Kvange-lin- e uv u euire wood sold lor si 6 apiece. Heartz and Mrs. M. A. B. Conine, of Drinking cups of lead glazed ware with Holland has become noted from the members of the two or four handles, were made aud they ware made m Dent wuicii 111st now seems Denver have Colorado of House dewere often large enough to satisfy the Representatives on the to be in such demand that the factories can- fusion four One of these ticket sires of three or persons seated around; no t fill their orders which show whaU fad then each one of them ould lift it by his can accomplish. It also" makes a legisiaiors-eiQa- , Mrs., liutier, is entitled0 to porcelain cordial own handle and drink from his side of the which congratulations -- fom resembles the' French ware,' especially closely rinr. In the 17th century the Knglish potbut at much less price. A story is told Massachusetts, since she is a Massachusetts ters began to produce a ware resembling that a Delft manufacturer had four emigrant, a Boston woman, born under the daughters Delft to take the place of pewter, and the about to four Ceramic painters of very shadow of Bunker Hill Monument, marry arms, mottoes and napies of the owners were pottery on the same day. His workmen and educated in the . public and pnvat '." "' painted upon them in blue. There is one j made four violins of pottery and at ths schools of Massachusetts. in the Kensington Museum marked Anne least the tour grooms played on The Vermont Senate, last Thursdav, with the motto "Be marriage Chapman i66oj one the four violins, while others played upon Nov 5, passed the Municipal Woman M 1660. The uly various other merry and wise. instruments that were made frage bill by an almost unanimous vote, color Used was blue, and otae master workof the same material. The violins were only one Senator voting against it. ' man who was given to fiddling and rhym""' ' in the family . . j preserved Miss ing when his men would ask for instruct Grace of E, PArrox. the Colorado America abounds in Delft ware. Our tions '.vould sing, State Agricultural College, has "just- been Dutch ancestors on Long Island ornamented in"Tip it with blue their chimneys with delft tiles on which elected State Superintendent of public ' And rht'n it will do."' struction, to succeed Mrs. Augenette M? scriptural subjects were painted. Knglish Peavey. Pottery was also used as mortuary tablets potters produce the ware now. in some of the old Knglish church-yard- s Sweden didX not manufacture 'faience in 1 the of 8th century. the early part until the 18th century, and has never Today it is said that the Knglish potters attained any eiliinence. Denmarkr-ha- s some 'potteries at Kiel Iain . Removed, iu 48 and 50 every department, but surpass them. which are Celebrated for their delicate Certainly some of their wares are very molding and painting of wares, .but her SALT LAKE CITY. "beautiful. 'When the old ladies of most celebrated are the Copenhagen ware. Russia borrowed theart of making ware .England were ridiculed for 'their devotion' The, to bid china, their critics little knew of the from Holland, Peter the Great having in a - cabinet coiUaining brought potters from Delft. Today . latent force resting' they a few old teapots and cups and saucers. make some beautiful wares, and their exx These old pieces of china stimulated the hibit at the World's Fair was excellent. desire to reproduce them, and thus 'an inAustria is chiefly noted for its Vienna which dustry grew hp. :. gave employment to ware. Wnch is the'sunorvoSe vres i? Dres . tone ' Joh - . ' - - y - and-moder- u tea-part- y ' " f . . - N - ' T : 1 . been-electe- d . ' " : . .:' ' . , - . ' " . - St - Leading Retail ; ' '. , KK;THOMAS 