WOMAN'S EXPONENT. fcUVe .walked about the. town lookrd into. nrav to our Father' so that 'vc' -- mi&ht bv . the jewelry . stOTetrm gewv. u eie cm, dent has lost herhomealmosC' preserved in the faith, related a dreanr we, did the ilQT frsCx arcf .; , Sistvx4ove ..PAH are4empted..o.ldand young.'.' A to do would be no concert, made them give rrs are trviug Sister Morris sang "Redeemer of Israel." hut a stiL-d-pl sKiielvdmt " back our money. Mr. Mc V, said pe haps Knew that this, our duty." Then bore her testimony. for a Had never, Kmelial). Madsen spoke on true charity. you think that js gall, but we paid was the Kingdomof God. Sister Widt rborg invitetl those from afar to concert advertised outside. The garden is seen the day that she doubted although for forty years. Felt picnic prepared by the members of First a beautiful place with reading rooms, where been you are requested not to talk, then you the Spirit of the Lord is the true comforter. Ward. M walk into the grounds, under cover, where We had every thing to fill us with joy.Singing, "Mid scenes of .confusion. you chat and listen to music. Wished many others were litre". It we benediction by Counselor Zella Reese. The bathing pavilion is something like Afternoon session: Singing. have the love of God we can stand every- that at Saltair, not nearly so large, -thing. Prayed ' that we might all meet on wondfous things mine eyes behold." the the other side. Prayer DV bishop Hanson. Singing, nor does it extend sawout into, gaily diessed Sister Nuttalb said although she had .J "Great is Thy work, my God, my King." the water so far. We President Mary Watkins,' Fourth Ward, people all along the promenades, .it renever covenanted with the Lord to sjeak minded me of Cony Island. 'in these meetings; she had lKcn pronibed I hope we may ..always iiave a determinaThe" gardens are just as leautiful as at that if she did so her health would improve. tion to serve Gixl." He humble Inrfore the Lord and jiray conPresident Mary Jensen, Third Ward: Cannes, even the green hedges are covered plumbago, stantly that we may overcome. Spoke of ,"l know this is the work of God, we with flowers we saw the blue and climbing the responsibility of each one individually ought to be grateful that we are here, one yellow acacia, white jasmine scarlet and geranium with this people." roses, with heliotrope to teach and encourage one another. walls at the the Couuselor'Sister Robins, Suowville: "It all over the hedges, and Testified of the truth of the work. If the power of evil is increasing, so is that of is quite a privilege for me to be here," boie Villas and Hotels, were covered with a framework of foliage and' flowers. The a strong testimony. good. Sister Nuun gave an instance, of tht; Sister; Owens, Willard: "May the Lord evening was warm, the .perfume delightful, benefit of faith, testified that all that would help us to set a good example for our I opened my window and watched the listen to the whisperings of the Spirit young people." people pass, until the swish of the waves ' ' ' President Olivia Widerborg; 'There is made me sleepy, early in the morning, was would do right. , Mrs. r Samson, spoke tiip- with nothing better than to try to serve God and awakened by the Fishermen, drawing in the choir to San Francbeo, felt that she do His will. Let us try wherever we are their seine. At noon we left, with pleasant recollecSaints." wanted to let every one hear the Gospel. placed to live as Latter-da' Spoke' of the earnestness of the missionbishop Harper: "Jesus said. My sheep tions of Nice, after leaving the station, a aries there. hear my voice and follow me a stranger the' curve in the road gave us a splendid view of' the ramparts aiid that part of the city seen will. not follow,' ' this applied as well to the Another Sister acknowledged the bless ' iii pictures. ' ings of the Lord and gifts of the Gospel, j. sisters. as the brethren. The journey to Monaco "was short, it is Counselor Zella Reese: "I am grateful I bister Francis told ol her exzrienee in London, and told of her pride in the Gospel. am so far preserved in the faith, and still difficult to recall all the various and charmWas pleaded to have-beeaccounted worthy have a desire to'press onward." ing villas, landscapes, castles .and Islands to work in the temple. is wisdom not the and most interesting old laauesteries, all bishop McMaster: "It for weeks. two' in this Church of man that has organized mgMeeting adjourned along the journey we have the Sea to our I God is God adore we "This if the out its think iug,any, carry perfection. right to the left the Thames and in the Benediction by Sister L. I AUIer. the' words of the Savior on the mount, it is background the Alps, While the jiardens u; T. ilviii rrmtaTTTTjItveTeuuui, orange and magnolia Sbter Lizie I3urt: "I always want to do trees and do not become monotonous as they what I am called upon to do. differ according to the ideasof the landscape President Rudger Clawson referred to the gardener. hox f;li)f;r three glories spoken of in Doctrine and All too' soon we arrive at the capital ? our wishing to be there, .will not town of Monaco it stands on a rocky Tin; quarterly conference of the Relief Covenants, us there, referred to those who have promontory in the Mediterranean, eight' Society of Box KIder Stake convened in the bring come miles from Nice, it wan fortified at' the time up through great tribulation. first Ward meeting house on June the uth it Is a not beautiful principle, if there js jolf Louis XIV'. at-- r o ou:lock-me- -i s 4 ni Singiug-iThe-- ti any important move, you can go and Monaco.is a small principality nigh,the happy time." Prayer by Sister counsel those with who stand at the head.. be t ween the. roy ce of N i ce-- - a n d ( yen oa Annie Wixom. Singing, "Great God at-- , "Zion with stands hills, Singing, tend while Zwn- sings." Rolf called;-- " ICvery where are governed by a prince. Benediction Ceceliaselsou. by minutes readout accepted. our pleasant rambles, object was, Monte ISmf.lia D. Madson, Cor. Sec. President Oliyia Widerborg made a lew Carlo a short walk from Monaco, it is opening remarks, picturesquely situated on a prominent rock S. T. Booth, President First Ward,'- "I LKAYKS FROM MY JOURNAL. overlooking the Sea, with the Maritime have a desire to perform my duty if the Alps, in the back. me. Lord will help . is beautifully clean, no where, Saturday, i6th, Nov 1S95. Arrived in President C. Peterson, Pear 'River City: time for Table dliotel, ..at Nice, Hotel notEverything evea--the station did we see a speck "We have peace and unity"' in our ward. " Westministeron the promenade des of dirt. We did not take-th"Ascenseur" Hannah Harper, I'lesiuent North ward, Anglais, the with an to Sea, the facjrig Casino, pteferedl walking the up ' "We should try to overlook. ;ie failings of ' "Ascenseurfelevator.y If ani'thing ever flight of steps, which were coveredjip with each othe.r' tried my rerves, it was the "xscenseur. " flowers and plants from all climes; the Flla Watson, President P.taver Dam: "It You step: in, sit down, in front there is grounds are fine and the promenades extend-aroun- d is my greatest -- aim -- to raise mr children to keepyou from falling headlong the rocky poiiit, with fine views le good and honoralle a touch button and they which ever way you turn. up you go. Christine Jeuseii, President of Mantua: Where will we land exclaimed Mrs. C Then I went into-th- e threatre the music "Our ways are not the Lord's way, we are when for the first time we went sailing up is of the best due piece was Padere wskt trying in our .weakway todb the bestHve -- to the sixth floor. Doubtful and I felt Minuet, rendered exactly as composed. '.' can:'1 ; weak. Nice the largest aiid gayest town Just at evening we walked upon the terHarriet Hunsaker, Pres'deiit Honeyville: on .the ''Riviera, of the Sardinian race, looking, to our right was a "formerly dazzling "I feel therein a great and good work for States; but ceded to France with Savoy, view of all the Monaco, Were lamps us all.to perfoim." by the King of Sardinia, in 1859, for Mili, around the promontory and along: thelighted shore. Fanny Graehl; V,I feel more able to aptary services against Austria, is situated on looking, as Mrs. B. .remarked, like a neck preciate every day the blessing we enjo the mouth, of the river. Paglio:,. on .the lace of diamonds, they were sparkling and Sister Biglef, Second yard:TlVpTay the , 1V stirrouhded with a ramMediterranean bright; while back of us 'over the mounLord to bless us all , that ve may underand divided into Old part and New tains hung clouds, We sauntered slowly, the Xx stand ourpqsition. ': v town, the former with crowded and narrow to ttie cars. About Francis Young, Three Mile Cree;x " We eight, - o'clock we " """rivedami, atIentofie--"jtreets,the?latter straight regular. . v ! . I . . tttt'xtv -- ' ! vv-- e she-ha- - . , " . ' . i ' . j j . -- ; - : " s of-hc- - . y . n . -- . rhport. , a ! of-Ita- i I " 1 1 . , -- surrounded." : " at - I trj-f-noth- -- ing . . : -- . I , . . e i : ly 