WOMAN'S KXl'ONKNT. lean-aa province wau.il u.i n.i'tiarva gonl tunpux- and I :tut (mud always to and why a clean man is not a;st pirations rur political as well a rtrliiou p;ecnt as lavjirst Lieutenant Mi.s Amu a clean woman, and w hy a mural man is m, liberty, and we must not ignore the. fact that Shaw just as (Applau: the Wrsccutiuiis have a political unXSud: ilmvu into anv knuf wfi hiv,r I" basis: hence the SttllaiTs' obifXlvrx; &AHh$.JiXN i ss ANN A MIAU . 'v. - I JlUrftiIS,CtJliCWJ :.lint they liavVui, women wh.u- , &1lSg&Xi$ any not.. has do to always body every I anything am getting tiui!' "the government. Rut Mis Barton will jueceutwoman can't go. we do hrst to the wanted say is,: they thing this of niake tle huiirmitarian side. prominent and filthy pool of politics and strong have We of arc our out sphere. iuinded women and all the retrofit.' Why" getting Chrisa will never step on a Moslem to aid us1 are not of so some, that that heard long it is a sort of a bugaboo to make theni keejt. tian, Sfce will assuredly secuie not only if that it. Then bit the least frightened by still as the strong man will tell them. It the permission' but the of the shout death to lis doesn't frighten 'they heard a woman on the train tell her children Sublime Portv. "You are stiong mindedl": And we come if they didn't behave that the Conductor to- feel since there are only two classes of would punch a hole in their ears; ,J minded weak and the the people strong them tell lies to them, and tlien wonCOXFKRKXCK X. A.'W. S. A. we" prefer to be classed with the der at Providence. Hut .these people ate minded (laughter.) .Then strong Although yny mind is simply teeming shot that is made is "You are a set of always telling stories to pepple to make them keep still and scare them into good with the w;6rk of this la.t ,year I think I is else that Infidels!'' If there, nothing o Colorad behavior. Now Gentlemen, this dirty pool have told you enough, but the will kill that willsure. you Miss'Anthouy to women are in politics and they mean of politics won't scare us; we don't believe stay New York to wanted the campaign during and the men like to have them although it and in the second place we are going to we were the not, stand right by you, we never have forsaken-yopeople.that some of them don't, but they are not the impress upon to it she make and always brought strong best lnen I assure you, and we prize the and we are not .going to forsake you backa of a me as orthodox type up strong ballot more and more. it has been said now; and we will get out of.our sphere., U she so the one movement; day the ballot 'w ill pimply ing up that giving woman it not wonderful that it is so easy for a wo . . . . M a !1t and she wanted If me man to get out of her sphere? I lra ve lx.cn vote, iiiai an women wu vou: said "Now I have good impression uoupie introducof the pleasure out of my si)here for 25 years and I have jtist as their husbands do or if they don't orto ordained and. an minister an husyou ing been exceedingly comfortable and a great they will fight: I don't vote as my 'of minister Methodist the dained, Church, band does. This is the twentieth yearf)f deaf jnore so than in it and all these 25 years is Shaw Anna who Rev, bower, my right our .married life and while he has beerm I have- been looking around to find a man ' and can the fancy impresyou! (applause) out of his sphere and I never yet found one Republican and I have been a Deynocratit sion on she that orthodox gave community, uihas not created any dissension between and I wondered why it was so easy for a comin orthodox and that' the only 'person he is perfectly delighted to hear my,views woniaif to get out of her sphere until I liar! a who know what didn't vight munity and it is variety that gives the spice to life, at last discovered that a man hadn't any l ljinnl.iiis-cAnthonv f lmiver 'was., w:is' Miss -of to self them. Yes," each j ri gives respect sphere , to get out of." (Applause and laughthe Democratic wife of a Renublican bus- - Uangmerj an me rest oi u. tnew just wnat ter) But, there is one thing true and that Now my friends I hardly know is j1 was. band went all about-thState and stumped if you don't get outof your sphere you the State for the mrtv to which' her hus- - what to say because I want to hre a loiof get into ours. (Laughter.) band was opposed. So I think that speaks hot shot at you to night. .In the old state Not very long ago a good Methodist parwhere I live we wont come into the Union son introduced well for the husband. Miss Shaw is going me to a congregation and Ik to speak to you now. I give to you women until the whole kite comes in and we will said "The only objection I have to you cf Utah the right hand of fellowship from come in at the tail end, so it seems like women is that you push yourselves into Unthe women of Colorado, and I assure you talking to a person who is already free and kind of work that a man used to be engaged that as the days go by you will find the suf- there is no possible hope of my being free in and what will Income of us poor preachunless I come to Utah (applause) if it was frage conferred upon you the most beautiful, ers by and by," and I said: "I think there the most delightfuland the most gratifying, not that I like to be a missionary and come are a great many men preaching who would mat your emiuren will look, upon you wun here, but you don't need missionaries here, to better at some .other kind of business I wrant to go to the heathen (applause:) but tnnre Mp.niT,e theV will - - ret;n;rf ofjrrpnfdt'nl 1 rootr realize that you have the same rights that I was very much mteiestedthis afternoon be would for the poor congregation thing it their fathers have, and T hope "that our .wo- -' at what one of your gentlemen Said and it and an excellent thing for the preacher, " nilen will not vote just exactly as their hus ; is so funny that the opposition are so sincere and I said the difficulty with you is you mnds do. You know the children of a and yet they don't know just, what they are have been watching us so. that you have . . Democratic mother and a'Republican father saying. This gentleman in his polite way r to watcn yourselves. Years ago never can grow up thinking that all the said he had such a high opinion of women iorgotten were there kinds seven of only employment political wisdom in the world is found in that he didnt want... to. drag.us down on a and now therearemore than seven hundred one particular party they will .realize that level with men on election day because t re soil irty and I t houghr t hxruu iy iJdlLdsjeiUDloYmeiitm it nuivmcu ay pictiy cipaaiiv, aim nuucsi pol iti which a woman can earn a livelihood; 'butmen and honest women may be divided in ining mat is uiriy.apoui onucs is ice men, in the seven occupations in which womsu politics if they will only remain loyal to (laughter and applause) and since we have, were engaged there are very few women to the declaration of Independence, loyal to to live with these men 364 days in the year be found to day, the men have taken them why can't they let us risk it the 365 days; the stars and stripes and loyal to the Constitution, of the- - United States and the and if it is such a dirty" place .who can up altogether. magnificent expression of the power that handle a mop like a woman, (laughter) makes right and justice, which is embodied When the Mayor of New York at one time suggested the appointing of women on. the Board of Street Commissioners the Sun a government. (Applause.) Miss Anthony: I will introduce to you conservative old paper said to the Mayor the at large of a still larger of New York. "Put your women on the Association than our Suffrage Association Board of Street Commissioners; who can 26.28.30 and32 Easl 1st SoulbSl,. at large of haiidle a hroom so well as they. " And if ai)d that is the the National Council of Women of the politics are dirty it does seem that it is time SALT LAKE CITY. United States which has held its second they were cleaned up and they have got to triennial council in the City of Washing-to- n be cleaned up and we have got to come and and which three years from, now will help you. See how good we are. See how hold its third triennial council and that kind we are! We were made to be your The' . You are' 'consistsor-tmtvrortne"run to council undertaking buurage helpmates. us without this and you cannot ex- nineteen of it other consists thing Society "but, .: to national organizations of this country; "w:opect get out of it. I have always "wanted to see that and it is so wonderful .that you it men want to keep it all to yoursdves and purposet and as you. have always-hearsaid that you have never heard of any class yet it is so safe. I Cannot see why a decent of women organizing for any other than a mail is not as decent as a t-- a--- - . ju-it- . muiaUwWv reii-cib- - . - . , co-operati- . , - havi-hear- e, jV-opl- ; the-nex- t 4 u I 1 to-mak- 1 e - - - j ! e i . . -- es-f- . 1 1 -- Vice-preside- R.K THOMAS nt : Vice-preside- nt . Leading Retail I Gash - d decent-woma- n, : H OMA H 