ir2 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' . 'The tale, runs that the unfortunate love of Sappho caused Phaon to flee to Sicily, whither she followed him.. The inscriptions ' consider chtripielzf ri1'jrtiteL.k3-fc;-bgiiable. She seems to have been the aeknow 'letld'ti-ijLuitilr sorurs.' if", we mavi v -- ;Ivc Catullus' cMxtiStt Ares comes the brideg room tall man! IlymeiKcus! Towering as the Lesbian singer towers among men of other :t that lands. Another prose translation.';' "' ":'xlz:Z'?!2: Kpithalathia was copied if not Mitylene and fled to Sicily. The Chroni"As the sweet apple blushes on the end of actually translated from hers. She was oh cle however; says nothing about Phaon, all sides regarded as the greatest 'erotic poet the bougli, the very end of the bough, is nor any reason given for her exile; some of antiquity. Nine books of her lyric Odes which the gatherers overlooked, nay over- have imagined that she was obliged to leave i are said to have existed but it is uncertain' looked not, but could not reach." her country on political grounds; but there how they were comfposed. Some of the Tran lation by Palgrave. is no trace in her writings, nor does any reOdes of I,Ioace have been regarded as direct ' O fair () sweet! she indicate that interested ever herself translations from .Sappho! port A the sweet apple blooms hih on the botih in politics. Atheuaeus says that Chamaeleon, one of Hih as the hihfist forgot of the gatherers Strabo in hi.VOeojwhy says, there is a the disciples of Aristotle, wrote a "book So thou! white rock whicTTstretches out from Leucas about Sappho, and Strabo says Callias of Yet not'so! Nor forgot of the gatherers to the' sea towards Cephallenia, that takes Lesbos interpreted her songs.. Alexander High o'er their reali'in the golden air the Sophist used to lecture about her, and its name from its whiteness. The rock-o) swe t! () fair! Leucas has upon'it a temple of Apollo ana Draco n of Stratonica, wrote a commentary the leap from it was believed to stop love. on her metres. She wrote in the Aejlic diaOf her child Sappho wrote beautifully in is said that Sappho first in pur-suErom this it lect; the absence of rough breathing, the the Aeolian, literallv translated.- of the haughty Phaon, urged on by throwing back of the accent-- and the use of I have a fair daughter with a fo'rm like a forms from threw its many herself and words unknown to ordinary golden flowers, Cleis the beloved! Above , maddening desire, Attic lord rocks, imploring the (Apollo) Greek, all testify, to this. Her p jems whom I prize, nor all Lydia', nor lovely and kin. The story of the Leucadian leap were undoubtedly written for recitation' Lesbos. . Vas never much doubted until modern with the aid of music, tliey were in fact, . Translated by Merivale. times. It is strange that none of the many Prof.'.Mah3lTy says "Threadiest specimens "I have a child, a lovely one authors who relate the legend, say what j of what is called in modern days "The Song In beauty like the golden sun, was the result of the leap, whether it was or Pallad," in which the repetition of short Or like sweet flowers of earliest bloom fatal to her life or to her love.' rhythms produces a certain pleasant mono: And Clei is her name, for whom,. tony easy to remember and easy to under- ' I, Lydia's treasures, were thy mine stand.' love Lesbian. with the arrived Phaon, in. pho ... Would glad resign.". Plato's definition of jnelic poetry like .at the temple of Apollo habited like a bride, j is is it of' that out in garments as white as snow. She wore a Sappho's, "Compounded It is said by the best men of letters and three on her head, and carried tilings, speech, music and rhythm.' garland of myrtle Greek scholars, that it is impossible to in her hand a little musical instrument of Aristoxenus,. as quoted lTy Plutarch, as- judge Sappho by any- translations of her her own invention. After .having sung a cribes to her .the invention of the fragments either prose or poetry; and as it mode, of which the plain meaning is is hymn to Apollo, she hung up her garland utterly useless to try and picture her inon one side of his altar, and her, harp on the asserted to be that she samr softly and comparable beauty of face, grace of other. She then tucked up her vestments plaintively, and at a higher pitch than any and voice of sweetness, the whole idea of like a Spartan virgin, and amidst thousands of her predecessors. All Greek modes can as I have it in my mind is in of spectators, who were anxious for' her be exhibited by means of our diatonic scale Sappho a poem not capable of being translated. by the white keys for example, omitting safety and offered up vows for her deliverthe black ones, of our modern ; ance, marched directly foward to the utthe various modes having been merely di-- I most summit of the promontorywhere after having repeated a stanza of her own visions of the diatonic scale into certain ONLY 40.50. xHion onnlrl Theone whirli octave. tint tlipv vprQQ IIVUI , inn Jitar j TO LHTII15RIDGK , CANAD.V AND KKTUKN-threvv herself off the rock with such an in- - Jiedesiastical Mixo- - Lydian mode supposed to be similar to the Greek mode of the May iSth the Union Pacific will run a IlUVCl UtlUlC UNSCi tu in 11C'CUU) U3 any who had attempted the dangerous leap. same name! is the scale of our G. major special excursion Salt Lake to Lethbridgc, Many who were present related that they without the (F. .)'or' leading note. It was Canada, the nearest railroad, point to Cardston. saw her fall into the sea, from which she called in the early Christian Church the anTickets good returning 30 days. neer rose again; though there were others gelic mode, and is now known as the of sveenth the Ivcclesiastic3l or Gregorian who affirmed that she never came to the modes. bottom of her leap, but was changed into a Sappho issaidbyGreek-historians-t- o been have the first of the Greek poets to swairashelITanU that "they saw her hovering in the air under that shape. JBut use the Pektis, a foreign instrument, a kind whether or no the whiteness and fluttering of .harp which was played by the a plectum. Sappho also mentions of her garments, might not deceive those 26,28,30 and32 East 1st SontbSt.: d Lesbian who looked upon her, or whether she might by name kinds of lyres, which cannot now be identified: SAIT LAKE CITY. It is said to be impossi bTetotran slate the tllAVt iJAiitllVUUAJ L11U A.J Whit t VtWULfc lliilVIl the Lesbians. Alcaeus the famous lyric songs of Sappho and preserve the poetry, and most of the fragments are given prose poet, who had for some tinre been passionThe ately in lo;e with Sappho! arrived at the translations which give' a truer meaning. I one or two as specimens piomontory of Leucate that very evening her-- ' havexopied is one the 51st fragment. in order to take the leap on her account ere th the bowl of ambrosia was "xud but learning that Sapplio had been there before him and' that her bodT could nowhere mixed, and Hermes took the ladle to poiir be found, he very generously lamented her out for the gods; and then they all held fall , and is said to Jia ve written his' one goblets,; and .made libation , and wished the ode upon that ocbridegroom all good luck. ' hundred and twenty-fift- h "Round" about,, the cool water thrills casion. Sappho, if we can believe the ancient writers, loved, and loved more than through the apple branches, and sleep flows and loved to the point of desperate :down upon us. in the rustling leaves:":: oncj CARDSTON, ALBERTA, CANADA.. "Come goddess of Cy pi us, and in sorrow,, uiougn it aia not come to me inau golden ' V SPECIAL EXCURSION. and fatal leap from Leucate as the unnec; cups serve nectar delicately mixed with' Arnold delights." essary legencf pretends. Sir Edwin May 18th, the Union Pacific will run a are "0 muse of the golden throueJrais that there worse steeps says "Nevertheless excursion Salt Lake to Lethbridge, than Leucate down which the heart may strain which the Elder of Teos, .from the special Canada, the' nearest railroad point to fall, and colder'&as of despair than the goodly land of fair women, used to sing Fare for the round, : ; b, Cardston, Canada. so sweetly- .Adriatic than which to engulf it" ' only 40 50. trip "Raise her so of little remains, high Sappho Although carpenters! Like Tickets good returning 30 days. .' Mti the-Parian-tai- ;yeairi,i-wh;cu-.--&ttJrHi- o .sailed from . . . . '' . . -- ". : ; j f ! ! it , far-see- n , ... j ' i j . j - Mixo-Lydia- n j . its-se- lf - piano-fortes- rcg -eonsistiTTg-of j ; fingers-withou- t B.K THOMA many-stringe- Leading Retail , OasliHousev RKTHOMAS - -- :t " " ' . . . . . roof-beam- . s! " 