EXPONENT WOMAN'S J7 transuiitted it to China, Chilis; ,garptjQ with aintC(l :a' century", Corea and'' japan. THceA of art aM"m gleans . . ....'11 lurto Iwi :. r !l the Eastern Mediterranean and it is suppos oeauiy 01 a summci ua miu m no' 1 1 . ful a thousand years' hence as today unless the vase be broken. Color except in gems is nowhere so brilliant as in enamel. ' Families brought up" wiUi such cheerful have extended' do wn the line to Germany wjiere it is found in its. 12th Century; In the middle of the 15th century Italy adopted it and Italian potters carried it to France. German, potters who had either revived their lost art or received it afresh from Italy, diffused it through ed the- I'llti tQ household decorations feetheir refining inchildren grow 'up among thepi fluence with a love of beauty ;. the table furnished J' with tasteful ware ceases to be a mere feedNorthern Phi rope. Holland took it from Germany and s'ent ing place, its memories become important new potters to England to teach it.- Mean- possesions as the members separate to go time about 2000" years 'ago, either in Persia their different ways in the journey of life. or China was discovered the art of- making Pottery in the bioadest meaning of- the pottery translucent and producing what is word includes everything matleby baking in a furnace into the. composition (if whicW now known as porcelain. For iioo years this art was 'known only clay enters.- Porcelain is a .variety of poin Asia. In Venice about 1519, an old pottteryobjects made wholly or in part in ter made porcelain and died without leaving clay and baked which are opaque are called are a successor. It was made in 'Florence pottery ; those which are translucent n limit 1- c$shut acrnin-l hf art wns lost- - porcelain Potter- y- is of- - two kinds," soft 0 At St. Cloud, France, about 1695, the art and hard ; soft pottery is made of. ordinary of making clay a common house brick is an illustrapottery was discovered and France began to make this ware. tion.'. Hard pottery, is made by a mixture is About 1710 at Dresden in Germany the of stone or sand with clay as a an illustration. Soft pottery is divided inAsiatic secret of making true or porcelain was discovered and thereafter to four classes-- - Unglazcd, (lazed, strons came the glory of Dresden and Sevres in aud . Enameled; Glazed pottery is covered both kinds of porcelain ; thus the cups on .with a coating of glass. Lustrous pottery our tables are lineal deseeudeiits of the cups is where the object is covered with a thin used by the ancestry of the builders of the varnish-likglaze, so thin that an iron point easily penetrates it ; its composition Pyramids. A child is sometimes told to hold a shell is unknown. Enameled pottery is covered with a substance composed of Itone, sand, to its ear and hear the sound of the sea that same deep souud which one may hear oxide of lead and tin. in any vase of Chelsea or Derby, Sevres or Hard pottery is the ware known as stone and Dresden, Menton or Copal coming ware. The cream Ware perfected by down through the long succession of generPorceWedgew'ood was hard pottery. ations of pottery is the roar of the Deluge. lain 'u a translucent pottery made by the The lessons and influences received from union of vitridable and suband of after the at I conquest Cyprus stances. la'rdjiaste porcelain or true porcelain Egypt, are as visible in Cypriote vases, as- if is made by the union of kaolen and' felspar. written in Greek or. English letters. The potters wheel is a rvnlvin; The rude tonus of early Phenician turned by toot or machinery, ihe clay is statuettes, resembling the mud figures softened withwater, a lump according to made by modern children are followed by the size of the vessel to be made is thrown more graceful figures, until the culmina- violently down on the center of the wheel tion is reached in that superb Greek art which is set. in motion and the workmen which has never been surpassed. with thumb and fingers, curved sticks, The Egyptians stamped on the forms of knives and other tools shapes the vessel. pottery imperishable illustrations of their Uther tonus are made 111 molds. 1 he pot- ware UUUllUi IliJ IHUIUJ , J. lit VJlttIV lUUllLS lei y can be painlettn or on the enamel. The colors for decorat-- ' glowed with illustrations ofjiiellelenic story. The Chinese spread over their en- ing porcelain are colored earths mixed ameled ware a wealth of brilliant' colors, with verifiable substances. rich with the chaotic imagery of Chinese I have now given the technology of potreligion and history. The Saracens, inter- tery vaud will' briefly touch upon the dif-wove in pottery the luxuriant vines, aud ferent nations and their pottery. As has flowers of the east and made their marques been. stated before, Egypt was the first to .shine in the sunlight, resplendent with make pottery'. It made it before the buildGer Assyria.Pheuicia, Italy, ing of the pyramids. Tablets of pottery and many, France, lvngland, fact, every :were used mere tor ordma writing purjn country' has impressed or painted characteposes. The next to learn pottery was ristic thoughts, in or on the plastic clay and Assyria and Babylonia tvhere it was also burned it for a permanent record, to be used for records and business ' transactions. studied by generations of man. The. lovers Next came China, then Greece, then Etru of porcelain need no further argument to ria, then Rome. justify them in their hobby. They have The'best Persian and Italian notterv was abundant reason for the pursuit in this the firsts half of the 16th century. The inthat no other art so fully gratifies the love cised ware was-thearliest decoration; and of beauty. Standards of beauty are arbi- - consisted of designs scratched in through trary, but the Ceramic art conforms to any the surface color showing the color beneath. and every standard. The highest results The wares were not beautiful in form, their of civilization may be said to appear in the merit consisted; in the decoratiom Italian best union of beauty'and utility. potters then carried the art to France and Porcelain and pottery are thus the the French artists adopted man-- , styles and measure as no other art can be of eompara- - x)riginateoVmany-mor-e untiFit almostleads tive civilization. Almost all other beauty the world today. It is said 4hat women fades or decays. Flowers are short lived ; cannot invent anything of themselves, but oil or water color painting change and in 1547 we read that the widow oLArthun fade; but a. group of- beautiful flowers or Gouffier occupied herself with books and art -' ; -- - - - - -- - x soft-part- e fire-bric- -- . hard-part- e . e non-vitrifiab- le - , ' gor-geouscolo- rs. -- e ; . , - k ner own she let the amusement ; when she died carried on the still estate to her son who ' work, but the products ceased .to appear with the lives of mother aud son. They were called the Otron.ware and belong to what is known in France as faience. The lady seems to have followed her own taste in modeling and "decorating, the prevailing color being a dark yellow on a cream white ground, darkened by brown; there are lew pieces in existence, aud they are so valuable that' one piece sold for' 25,000 francs. This ware was never copied until our own time at great labor, and expense by skilled English potters. Who shall say women can accomplish nothing China which has the honor of naming is sunnosed to be- onlv ail imi- nil " nnrrel.iin. j ' i'- - and it isii probable that they tator, learned enameling from central Asia. The" Chinese have never been distinguished'' for V "1...4. ....1.. 1 11c inveiillllg, uiu uui) U5 tiu luiuaiuis. ti,. Ceramic on was art oldest Chinese work there and are issued in the 14th century, now in China many private and one imperial factories. From this last has come the finest specimens of, Chinese porcelain. It is said that most of the ancient work was reproduced in the Ming dynasty and collectors do not know when. paying a high price for seeming old china, but what'it is a modern imitation of the cunning Chinaman who has ways that are dark and tricks ' that are sometimes vain. The peculiar greenish tint seen on so much of the Chinese ware is due, it is said, to their desire to imitate jode one of the The most hardest substances known. celebrated of Chinese potters were Chu Ong and his daughter, Chu Kias. The father excelled in birds and beasts while the rma maue ware iui ! -- - 1 . . . drmht(r wl,n f''lll-ttf-f- tt In piH'lmrl exquisite, works of all kinds and "colors. Her wares sold for more than their weight " in silver. L. S. M. KATE FIELD'S BODY. Sax Francisco, Oct. 23. The Woman's Press Association has arranged to re ceive with just .honor the body of Kate rieiu wnen 11 arrives in tins city irom Hawaii. on its way to the east. A committee consisting of Mrs. Van Pelt, Miss Cool-birt- h and Mrs. Dickinson has been appointed to make the necessary preparations,: acting with Mrs. Henry E. Highton, one of Kate Field's friends. . chapel at Trinity church, which will be abundantly decorated with flowers, where services will be held. : , Miss Eenora Jackson, the violinist, whose debut recently in Berlin was honored by the attendance of the American and British embassies- - and large delegations from the colonies of the English-speakinresidents in the German capital, is a Chicago girl twenty-si- x years old. Ten years she made her first appearance in the ago musical circles of that city. Queen Victoria has been queen, of. Great Britain during the administration of Van Buren, Harrison, Tyler, Polk, Taylor, Fillmore, Pierce, Grant, Hayes - Garfield, .rinur, narnson and Cleveland. g , 