i -- vrt Synopsis of i..... r . i . 'S ," EXPONENT. Mcitixz. held Semi-Monthly: work that was 23 W'iHfy She removed to Ogdeii the Temple, her labor in the Relief up taking .aiul.nl J,., great 'responsibility reMiug until 1876. when she was sustained as Uaeher upon us in doing the work for our dead which place she occupied until her ' voice ot inenusliip s liearu prayer by Julia sixjke of the' great work the Society was Secretary, death. C. Howev singing '.'Welcome" etc. MinShe succeeded, Sister Moselle Hall, as Presk doing, urged the sisters to be earnest in utes of previous meeting read and accepted. prayer; Sister Young, had heafd the Prophet dent of the Young Ladies Association in 1885, which position she also occupied until her death. Sister' Stevenson regretted the absence of Joseph say if we would ' lc diligent in She was- the mother of nine children, six are the beloved President and spoke encouragleft to mourn her loss. She also, raised an infant prayer we would never lose the faith.. ' Gave many good instructions, and among of .F. A. dlammond's which was left without a ingly, to those, present. others did not forget the storing., of grain. mother. She died May 4, 1896, at Huntsville Utali! "'.' recent visit to Nephi, where she attended Sister Monch of Ogden, then spoke a short RESOLUTIONS OF KESPKCT the Sixers Conference, and .mentioned the time to the sisters- - and gave .many good arrival of Sister Ilorne; made excellent instructions. I'asidt bvJhc V, L. M. L Association. Iltiuiwillc Alas o. $ to sisters. the Sister Jane S. Richards- then spoke to Singing "We suggestions thank Thee 0 God." the sisters, compared the great blessings Whereas, The Omnipotent Ruler of the uniCounselor K. Webb felt, this was a time we have to day with the hardships in the verse has, in His infinite wisdom, called from us useful, and much esteemed S.ister- Kmma when we should feel veryhmble and live early days of the Church, and said in look-- , our T arrows, .and near the Lord and put .our trust in God ing upon the intelligent faces before her Whereas, Her position as. President of the Y. made Sister few a and the bright prospects we have in the L. M. I. A. held during so many years, makes it continually. Kawlings appropriate remarks" expressing her faith future, she felt encouraged; urged us to fitting for tis to record our appreciation of .her untiring efforts devoted to our welfare, therefore and joy in the Gospel. exercise a" spirit of love and charity be it . Sister M. W. Wilcox and Sister M. esj)ccially to the sick and poor. Referred -- Resolved;ThAt ' the vacancy in this Society'" I'Yancis, Sister Plant, Sister Waterfall and to many of her experiences in the church. caused by her sudden departure, wifl be deeply Sister Cornell, each bore testimony to the Felt to desire that we might have a h juv. realiztd by all members of the Association, and prove a previous loss to our organization as truth and. related some experiences; touched built and dedicated to the Lord. Apostle wifl w ell as to the ward in which she has proven herupon many good subjects calculated to edify Richards said thes Societies , were of great self a useful and much' appreciated leader. and stimulate to good works. Sister Lucy interest. to him, and he said how necessary Resolved, That with deep sympathy w ith the bereaved testified to answers to prayers, it was that man and woman should work . Young family and friends of the deceased, w e an earnest hope that even under such felt tb prophesy of Sister Zina's great work constantly together and that woman wast ), express circumstances they will be "comforted and when she was called to preside over the partake of the blessings conferred upon trying acknowledge the hand of God in their bereaveRelief Society. She also spoke in the gift man; gave much encouragement ment. of these resolutions be and of tongues Resolved, That advice to all present, Brother- Stevens interpreted it herself. to. the Woman's sent Exponent, one sent to the Sister Lydia D. Alder exhorted those spoke of the great success the sisters had members of the and that they be recorded who were in great sorrow to cast their burr made in storing grain, and also of the time in the records offamily, the Association. dens upon the Lord, it was His way of that we might need it. 'Sister Emma true and faithful, President Ricks of the Bannock Stake bringing them to' Him. Felt the time Thou hast left us gone before. would soon come when we should know-wh- and President Steel of Bingham Stake, thou'rt numbered with the faithful, these things were; alluded to many and Patriarch Hinckley and President Although Thy works shall live for evermore. prophecies that had been made by Brigham Bennett gave some very timely counsel and- Mara Wangagakp.' Young which were being fulfilled now encouraged the sisters in the Relief Soeietv President Home explained vhy she was j work. Died at her home in Manti, April 22, E. J. Bi:nnitt, Secretary "Sister Ann Cook- Parsons. Sister Parsons was late, she was detained by sickness; alluded . " born June 1, 18:, at Stanford Bridge, Shrop- to some startling prophecies bv Atostle to Henry, nhile, to "Jackson TT3rEM(5RAM. aney r. rrait in reg Parsons !lay 3. iSjo. received the G sptl in 1850. i County; also spoke very impressively upon Emigrated to America in 1S53, arrived at Xer ' SUSASN'AII MORTENSEN. Orleans after a voyage of six weeks, ascended charity, and said Satan had no power over Resolutions of Respect, by the officers and the Mississippi to Koelcul; intending to our thoughts but- he had over our words; continue their journey to Sister Parsons-- j of the AW H. P. R. class of members a spirit was not a happy one. City, to the memory of our departed Brigham which so far dis- was rheumatism attacked by sister, Mentioned the Relief Society excursion to Susannah Mortensen, who died January 29, iScy, abled her that she was unable to travel,, conse-- j Saltair and hoped it would be a success. at the age of 39 years. quently she and her'husband located at Koekuk, Tne hand of the Almighty has seen fit where they remained until the Spring of '1S62,-- j Prayed that the Spirit of the Gospel might to Whereas, when they once more took up their line of march take to Himsejf our beloyedsister and classbe and abide with us. Singing-Doxologtoward the setting sun, traveling with an ox mate, Susannah .Mortensen, who was always benedictiou by Counselor Clara Cannon. . team and "making the entire trip from Koekuk to faithful in the cause of right, full of charity S- ; r - Lacing , done-i- 3-- -. - J 1 blt-i'Wta- ' - - . -- ' . ; - : . , ' " . and-"goo- . d - - - y i I : 1 , EtT4ntttlr-henv"Tiiri"i'J- . 1 'l 1 - . j fault-findin- .ion,-bu- t- g - yr j j Zina Y. Hyde ''Sec. . and humility and long suffering. it Therefore be . Resolved, That e deeply mourn the loss of a R. S. REPORT. sincere wforker, and tender our sympathies to the children and relatives of the deceased. '.. Resolved, That in our natural sorrow for the BINGHAM STAKE. los of a devoted laborer, we find consolation in . Dear Sister: the knowledge that it is well with her for w hom we mourn, indeed though we miss her w e can Thinking a sketch of our late Conference but the bright say she was prepared to enter held at Iona, Junei3, 1S96, might be in' ' Celestial Shore.. teresting, we thought we would write a Resolved, That her less is not only felt by the few lines for we felt highly honored by W. H. P. R. class, but also the Relief Society, us Apostle F. D, Sunday School, Primary and all the associations having present ' Richaids and Sister Zina D. H. Young, with which she was connected. She is not dead she dwells on that bright shoreand also Sister J. S. Richards. angels tread After' going-throuwitlitlie general Thatwhere bear our best loved things, away, and then exercises President E. J. Bennett said "she we call them dead. was more than pleased in- having present Resolved that these resolutions with us one of the Apostles and. our be;n the Woman's Exponent and also recorded in loved sisters, and also Brother Stevens, and the record of the W.-,P. R, Association, land we wo u Id do a way wi th our verbal reports ; tnat one "copy be tendered to her children stated that the Stake officers of the Relief Maggie Rohwer, Mary Kelson, Melina Peters, Emehne U'atkins, Committee. Society had just visited nearly every Society ' in this Stake and, found them in a prosperBIOGRAPHV OF EMMA liURROWS. ' ous, condition. w with . - - gh r - be-publis- hed - H. ' ' N -- , - Sister Emma Burrows was born Dec. 10, President Zina D. H. Young instructed 1840, in Granthane; Lincolnshire, England. Her mothers. to encourage the reading of the father's, name was James Roberts and her Jook of Doctrine and Covenants in their mother's name' was Abagal Leeson. She into the Church of Jesus Christ of families, spoke some on the organization of in Granthane. She was married to the Relief Society and saicf we should learn Burrows on May" 14, 1857,. she emigrated "to.love one another. Refejred; to the great JosephMay 6, 1863, arrived in Salt Lake City Oct. was-baptiz- ed Latter-day-Sain- ts to-Ut- ah, Manti in thirteen weeks. i ! Sister Parsons w'as the mother of ten children, one of her, seven having Only died in infancy. 'Her only son was killed some years ago by a fall from his horse, and on the death other eldest daughter some eleven years ago who left a large family, she adopted the baby upon whom she bestowed a mother's teuder care up to the time of her decease. Sister Parsons was a woman of sterling integrity and possessed a deep and abiding faith in the Gospel for- which she had left home and kind-rel- l. whom-survive- .4 " .. s ' '. . She was also generous arid benevo'ent in disposition, and was ever ready to respond to every call for means to aid in the spread of the Gospel. . She also donated liberally to the Temple antl the Relief Society of which she was a faithful and efficient, teacher for many years. - In her death the poor and unfortunate have lost a liberal and sympathetic friend, her husband aaithful and wife, and her ' 1 self-sacrifici- surviving daughter,: and her motherless grandchildren a wise and loving counselor. She was unassuming and unostentatious in mannerand disposition, fully carrying out the scriptural injunc- - . tionJL'Let not thy fight hand know what thy left " . hand dbeth," ' During the later years of herriifersiie was a great sufferer from asthma, although the immediate cause of her death was heart failure. She has gone to receive her reward for her faithfulness in a long and well spent life, chastened by affliction and glorified by kindlf deeds. Of her it can truthfully be said "Her " r "V works da follow her'1:- ,'". A. L. May, she rest in peace. ' : . . . . -- ; 