V -- tv ft. WOMAN'S V.' WEDDING' BELLS." fTo n1v children WIrin. FlorriKn Oh ! keep it not, like miser's gold, ' ' Shut in from alLbe-side;- ..'But let its precious stores unfold, In nkrey, far and wide.. The heart the heart, that's truly blest Is never all its own; No ray of glory lights Uie breast . That beats for self alone. Neal. j - bppyjyedding bells ! . The heart . . tin: heart oh A sigh for other's pain; . fierce storms may come ; A e Where vows eternal are ascending, While prayers from loving hearts arc wending. Up to the Majesty on high. Keep them safe O, Hea'fenly Let Thy scourges pass them by. j j ut On earth no more to change or sever. . S.T ; ; Cling to God and never.sever, Though the. trial and the cross Doth crush the heart where now is joy; Tis only seeming earthly loss. "No cross, no crown." Be this thy prayer, ' O, Father give Thy love to share My heart before Thee now I bare ; O, lead me safe thro' every storm, O, never leave me or forsake But hold me in Thy love so warm." (cakes of flour and water) were circulated through the Northwest provinces and en-- , .closed in them were papers advising the natives to rise in mutiny on a certain day, and kill all the Europeans. Some say that the means proposed was for the cooks to put "Da tura or Deadly Nightshade in their soup f.ud so kill whole families at Huwevei whatever' the diabolical once. means sujr gested were, it was by a merciful Providence and discovered in time to prevent its being carried out. This and treasonable placards appearing" at Delhi and other suspicious occurences gave warning of Moho'medan disaffection and ' conspiracy. The KnfiekL rifle and its greased cart- ridge was at this time put into the hands of the Sepoys (a native regiment) without explanation or precaution, General Anson the Commander in Chief, was a man who snubbed caste, and native"beastly " as he called it was op and ly prejudice posed to making any concession to it. The mutiny first broke out at Meerutt, 35 miles from Delhi where there were, stationed European troops amounting to 1800 also about 2900 native soldiers. On the 23 of April the skirmishers of the 3rd native cavelry on parade refused to touch the new cartridge. which had to be' torn off with their teeth although permis- sion had been given them to break off the Wid with the fingers. The reason they assigned wTas that they were made with bullock's fat, and they-hothe bull sacred or pigs fat which would break their aste to touch as they hold the pig to be an un- m - - d ' - . Diliuiuk. On the 2 1st. of this month the Princeton University will celebrate the 150th anniversary of "its foundation as the college of . New. Jersey. -- ' - Alder. 1S96. THE HEART THE HEART the heart ! oh ! let it be A true and bounteous thing; -- As kindly warm, as nobly free, As eagle's nestling wing." ! ld clean animal. Eighty-fiv- e : -- arrived in -- In both fair and stormy. weather; The heart . FEW WORDS ABOUT IXDIA. over-rule- So solemn bells ring'out the sound ! The love of God doth here alound ; Like burnished gold gleams all around. Slow from the altar rise the pair,. Who thus have pledged beforejheir God Each joy and ill of life to share. October 7," -- , How grand the Temple and the Vow, In reverence deep each heart doth bow ; " ' Earthly cares are fat'ed now ; And I'eace with white and fluttering . wines Falls on the group assembled there So far above frail, earthlv thinzs. D. -- v High noon rolls on a pnee, And on the dial now we trace, face. The hour upon its clear-cThe vows are uttered that forever, Link heart to heart, and life to life, Lydia . India in December 1S60, 3 years after the great mutiny of 1857 Eord Canning took the reins of government iii 1S56 when everything promised a reign of peace and proseiity; but as is often the case a time of special calm preceeds the direst storm and such "was unhappily the ' case then. In 1857 came the first inutter-- i ings of the storm that was to s weep over so large a portion of British India. At the commencement of the year chupattees I at the Altar bending, Soon wedding bells will ring agai'y The Savior come on earth to reign, To banish sin and Death and pain, And wipe the tears from every face, The Wedding Supper will be spread, -Mav - J villi tnu Harlintr " Karp d ri1sr . j j let it spare oT - -- Prayer and blessings'go together Sahab Elj.'a Cook. O, never roam ! From loved one's-sid.. List to the river's gentle moan ! Onward, onward tho' change be near ; Be true to love that gentlv binds, Though leaves grow yellow, old and sere. 'yr-r''theand'suon - their hands..; Nina Bithoor whose claims as the adopted son of Pish wall had not been recognized by the government, fanned 'the insurrection. At Co wn pore the suffering of the Europeans cannot be imagined. When the Nina Sahab heard that troops were marching from Allshabad and were, e.iected daily he ordered a 'deep well to be dug and into it weie cast hundreds of men, women and children alive and left there to die, after having been at", the mercy of the native troops for days. Many ladies coin-- ' milted suicide and killed their ' children, and husbands killed their own wives r.tlher than let them suffer at the hands of the de vils for they could be called by no oilier name. The .Europeans , in the residency of Liicknow were besieged on the 30th of June and were not relieved until the 25th of September by the Heroic Haveluck. The final relief was achieved by Sir Colin Campbell on the 17th of Dec. I met with many who, had suffered at- that time but had escaped, some through the fidelity of , their servants for there were many, that were true to their masters and mistresses . and loved them dearly and risked their own lives to save them, One lady" I knew who lost her reason through the cruellies she underwent. I must not forget tu tell you an incident of one Ayah, a woman servant's fidelity. She informed her mistress that her house would be attacked that night, and told her that if she would trust her she would save her" and her children, and proposed that she should stain her mistress- and the children with walnut juice and dress them in the., native clothes and at night she took them down to the river where she had a native Vat awaiting the 111 and thy were taken into a rrc-lnp the river and lived in a hut. for weeks in her care,' during which time a little baby was born to her mistress. The lady's husband escaped as a native, after being stained from head to foot and dressed as a Malley or gardener. He.was. one of the leading merchants of Calcutta, but living about three miles from the city. Both Cawnpore and'Luckuow are most interesting towns 011 account of their tragic history and interesting buildings. I must not encroach upon your columns longer now but on another occasion I shall be happy to write more of this interesting country - and people which I love dearly. . : " Now lowly ! $ Or sorrow s faintest call, Twere better it should ache too much, Than never ache at all.. The heart the heart, lhat.'s truly blest, Is never all its own; No r.ty of glory lights the breast That beats for self alone. Wander on through summer's fairy land, mum u, iy .sun swcti uicczcsofj;ciiii) flows Time While the stream gently on ; banks gleams the golden sand, By its sloping of the the noonday sun. Kissed by rays I ! utilizers 'reached JLIelhi; 'TCuro))fAnH,trtiOs.fo-pothe city Vas "entirely .in 4 The breath that soothes a brother's care Is never spent in vain. And though it throb tit gentlest touch, How maca oijoy your clanging tens, While on the air your music swells f How true is Love, how sweet is Joy ! How pure the heart where these abound Though care must be the need alloy. "Stand firm together 111 . bells are ringing Like low toned voices joyous, singing Snow white flowers they now are bringing, To deck the fair and stately bride, Who so sweetly, now is standing Iiy her dark eyed husband's side. J 0VollJS EXPONENT. mutineers were tried and sen- tenced to imprisonment. On the evenof ing the next day the native troops rose, .liberated their comrades and the felons in jail, shot down their officers and the doom- ed station was given up to conflagration and massacre. The next day the Meerutt - - . A woman's club has been started in 1,rance- - 11 nas a nouse lurnisiied by the 1 icsiucui ai iiei uwu expense. 1 ne iees are fifteen dollars annually, and it gathers, together refined working women, widows and spinsters; who dine together write letters, chat and amuse themselves with games Harriet Prescott " Spofford. writing of the late Abagail Dodge, says that she wTas a discriminating critic of books and people, and measures; she loved nature, poetry, children and beauty in every shape.. V ghe kindled biightness in others, and you felt in her society that you were, listening to the most brilliant woman of her genera tion. j - . ' 