exponent;:-- - WOMAN S 10 - "(ItUstB'nv." Does 'the New Woman Need a - 14 nave passively Dencm this We are the more inclined . to believe bey iyl a ca- - ninni . New .Party?," Miss Kellogg reviewed in a .. l .. . .. l ft. .i '"I rora the fact that the Greek vdlagesjiuJU very. exhaustive and inkrestiiHnan. A , a year. fe red only in a...... tutit weasuxCTJlitrw. secondary ...... . of the heading., political it. .,i ...Vt Ch ristian tmifoiion .of. the situation! Armenians are me. history and suggested that possibly the fe red fullv as much; andTecause the Priests T Xaticni; the Sultan and his soldiers are the 'country, new woman would need a new. party and and women .the two iioncombative. Devil's scourge. The Anglobaxon race is She read, might insist on. having one parties they have suffered the itiost, because the cold hearted siectator." Wordsworth's beau.tiful poem, in which the the Priest represented the detested religion, poet's ideal of a beautiful woman is' one he has not only been slain but mutilated UTAIE FEDERATION OF WOMAN'S who at first sight is simply a dreamof and the sign of the cross cut in his foreCLUBS. romance," but finally develops a mind and head by murderous swords; -- outrages worse, soul and becomes an immortal being. ; than death have .beeii endured by helpless SOCIAL I'UKITY. Miss Kellogg said: In concluding. women always preceded by the promise awoman need of. a new that ihey would be spared if they would ' Following the address a paper on 'Whatiocs such If 'she" enjoys the same privileges abjure their faith. And in no instance have "Social Purity" was read by Mrs. May P. they hesitated to face their double agony Moyle of the Cleofan. Mrs. Moyle treated as man, she needs a chance for united work. Is there a chance for either 'men. or women rather than disclaim allegiance to their faith. the subject exhaustively. It is unnecessary to rehearse the ghastly "The' subject upon which l am to address in the parties as they now exist, for a concerted' effort on any of the issues of the terrible and revolting details of the totally, you is one of such importance that it canunprovoked Massacre of Sassoun.- Of the not be" Jt is a matter for present day?" barbarous cruelties . inflicted on the men, the deepest and most earnest consideration and the more frightful tortures endured by of every member of this noble Republic of the women,' in which they suffered a B I RTI 1 1 ) A V PA R T Y ours, for it is the basis upon which must times worse than death through the rest the high civilization toward which we, brutality and revolting lust of their merciIf we we are advancing. as a nation-JhinOx Wednesday the seventeenth day of less conquerers.i We have read all these consider the subject honestly and dispasJune, our beloved friend and horrors in the public prints till our brains sionately, we must agree with the writer Sister Julia C. Howe, reached her seventy-thir- d have turned giddy and our hearts faint, who says, that nothing but virtue and intelmilestone. until we are eady to exclaim: ligence can save a republic from ending in By invitation a few of her frends asIn whatagedo welive? Have we gone despotism, corruption and anarchy. Our sembled at her lovely home in the Sevenback to the blackness of the dark'ages? most eminent sociologists have arrived at teenth Ward Salt Lake City, and spent a Are all the horrcis of the Inquisition again the conclusion that whatever promotes the few The hours in. social communion. revived? Or is the Massacre of ' Saint health, and personal welfare of hostess in her loving amiable happiness Way, made with added the Bartholmew to be be the care of greatest number,-shoulone welcome and at home. Time very horrors before the eyes of all Christendom?" every individual member of a highly has gently touched Sister Howe, aud it may But no! We are mistaken; we are living civilized society. If this precept were carbe said of her, "She grows old gracefully . ' in the midst of the boasted civilization of ried into practice, what a glory would be But truth to tell Sister Howe, will never be the nineteenth century and in the full blaze our advancement. The golden ages of old. Her love for the children and young of so -- called Gospel light; when Christian Greece and Rome would be as nothingjn of the and her Saints, people many years of Churches are striving to excel each other be would a and Utopia reality association with them, and her great earnest comparison, in their efforts for the conversion of tlie instead of the beautiful dream that it is. love for the Gospel, reflects youth and world. While millions of dollars are exInstead of seeing the realization of this beauty in her countenance. After partakpended by Christian nations annually for ideal, however, we are confronted by what? ing of the delicate bounties spread for the the spread of the principles of Christianity A condition of society that in some respects feast, and wishing Sister Howe life ,as long which they profess to believe, and these ft Wp' Invp hrrn nnl t Simply JS appallly or as ner i'ainarciiai Have look for a Armenians messing, poor righFto such object pictures as those living in the she until shall behold the" says, closing.; protection in', their social and relig ous great metropolitan centers of our country, scenes of this the" Dispensation, guests de- rights, because they had conceived brighter but what we do see, gives us a faint idea of f parted. hopes for their future as a nation in consethe conditions that exist elsewhere. One The party was graced by the presence of quence of considering themselves through of the greatest causes of social impurity is our venerable Presidents, Sister Zina D. II . the treaty of Berlin entitled to the protec' It grinding poverty. povertybitter, tion of Great Britan and encourag6d by the would seem that the first to be done Young and M. Isabella Home, also Sisters thing sympath)?;hoyu them by Americans. But, in order to purify society is to improve the L.M. Kimball, M. E. Kimball, Annie T. however,-- dark-t- he picture there-i- s who form the 4Itle. Claia 'C. Camion, E. j. Stevenson, ThjicalnditioTioTTIiose left to brighten the scene. lower classes in society. We can" all help and others who have been long associated ih the Lord's work with, her. In the long and bloody annals of the in our small way toward the uplifting of Sultan's kingdom reniarks,a writer "Two humanity, and I am sure we agree that O, how we love the old friends, benediction names breathe Florence social should be the objective point purity Who have been fond and true; Nightingale, and Clara Barton the fairest in all our striving and is the only basis And we'll noi forget the old friends, flowerof Armenian and English Christianity. which can rest moral and physical adupon Although we love the new. Women may well be grateful that their vancement. Methinks that for the purity f f rfA iti t It r c1tf n 1i cqv lint and the nation could individual, the O, how we love the old friends, Crescent is fast fading into darkness, the be; the battle family of ' Whose hair has silver grown; cry victory, spreading a light in the earth that would reach as far Though Time has touched them lightly, history's constellation. That eminent and as heaven. As swiftly it has flown. well known lady Frances K. Willard after Parents are under the greatest reviewing the situation makes use of the to their children. They are bornobligation O, how we love the old friends; into the which as it And friends of days of yore; following scathing language world not of their own volition, and have a embodies the sentiments of thousands of Who now their watch are" keeping; to expect .moral surroundings, and right I Christian people here transcribe: (she says) For us on the ''Other Shore." cannot be moral unless an surroundings the of a such spectacle as "In presence standard be maintained; this with the martydom ot a nation, goin or equal L. D. A. June, 1896. Women and children have a right to demand tor ward under their eyes, the nfen of purity bii the part" of men." Man must rise Christendom have stood by and watched f to woman s standard before he can become their agonies; have seen a. crowd of Chris- the The Lotos, New York, is issued in a great and noble being his Master intian women shut up in a church and undertended he should become, At the Very double summer number for June and July, going a night of outragec,ending in murder, root of social impurity lies the inequality and offers an unusually attractive table of the streams of blood flowing out under the forever destroying the source from' whence contents. - All club women will be interestChurch doors; they have stood while Mos- - must come ed in the article on the great convention of purity and advancement." iem savages aLsembowelleti Christian mothers j the GeneralFederation of Women's "Clubs ' and broughtinto a world accursed, innocent ' ; IS A NEW PARtY NEEDED? . at Louisville, Mrs. Florence Howe HaH babies which were taken on the points of Miss Josephine Kellogg of the Nineteenth There is al so aby brief report of the iron yen paypnets and sportively tossed to and fro, Century club of Pro vo discussed the ti'011, V v.; s - a ' n""'- . -- ' . . tesofr;- rMs : pddmTs'tr'.f . . , ' . - over-estimate- d. hiin--dre- d k co-labore- r,' " d d ' ' r- u, 9 : i -- i : still-somethi- ng - ,' . . ' " ; - . - . ? - . . , -- ! j . ? , . 