J VT 1 mm m w I ; vm 11 I ', . rw f Christmas Greeting and a Happy, New Year to AIL S A LT X A K,K C IT Y , Vol; 25. Thanksgiving Tarty At Parowan. K. Crane Watson. Titian's First Works At Padua, And Titian As State Artist (Mrs.) L. S. D.' A Friend V. H. Beard. Leaves From My ly Letter Journal Kim. .Miss Snow's Recital. Scandal Dr Klvira Stevens Barney. U. W. P. C Orielle Indies' Meeting Zina y. Hyde, Sec. Bear Lake Stake Louisa Tueller .vjn r ObituaryRQbert Haen.kfctch-And- Roolutions Of Respect. Ceramics S. L. M. Lditorial Semi-Monthl- y Editorial ; Notes. The Long Ago. An Allegory Hannah T. King. Poetry ; M. C. W. v J ! - And I sail to the fair Western Gate ; To the land" of promise and glory, Where love crowned with laurels doth " Ah but do ye not fear the tempest, With its giant strength and power, , When the sea shall rise in its fierceness And crush thee as 't would a flower ? e - 1 " wait.'' ! though precious light eh I ; And Hope guides the helm, and Faith Tells methat love will outlast the niht." " But the night cometh sudden and dark we 1 ! 1 -- j And the clpuds go scurrying .by,... Winds call, 'crossoam-flecke- d waters; hark Hear how the thunders crash in the sky ! Now the ship breasts tlieTiighest billows, ow si"keth adown in trie main, Like'Pharaoh, the waves engulf her. Her sails are torn by the hurricane. The storm comes in darkness, andfury, The ship strains at every seam, xx The sailor grows heartsick and weary, And of sunlight there's never a gleam : She hath battled so long with commotion Sheis wounded and worn with the toil ; Let her rest on thy bosom, O, Ocean ! Cease thy fury and warring turmoil, Be tranquil, thou Sea ! - 1 at-ei- r fr my, ship is staunch in her youth, Xy is M)(cargo. . i e When the heavens how blue and smiling Are black with the wild driving storm, And deep ocean caverns are yawning To engulf thy fair buoyant form, When the wild winds shall shriek around thee Like demons of the mighty deep, And tear asunder thy white sails, And the mad waves shall o'er thee leap ? ! , O, sailor furl thy sails X pt. sisters would be hard to find ; tbeir efforts on Thanksgiving day only serveTl to oninion of them. our irood strengthen O I ' Our society gave what is known to us by the homely name of " a wood hauling party," the brethren (especially the young portion) hauling wood for a Thanksgiving loads dinner and dance ticket. Thiry-threreceived fuel distrihntexcel was and lent of ed amongst the needy, and many hearts were thereby made glad and more thankful than ever. 5 Beside the wood haulers and ladies, all were invited. Our tables over "sixty-fivwere arranged inournew Social hall, (plates laid-loone hundred and sixty sitting:,) and were filled three times. One on al cn emiesv'w ho-re e n v i ro u s o f feature that added to the day's success our professi the favors shown him, he did not finish Bishop assisted from the beginning with . a any of his first paintings for several years. will, both 'by work and financial aid ; one In 5 16 Titian went to Fa vara and visited for he in paid personally particular, thing with and the portrait of the Duke all the' turkeys for our feast, which was one Alfonso painted L, which was admired by Michael indeed, 'twas utterly surprising where so Angelo and is now in the Gallery at many good things came from after suck a Madrid... He also painted the portrait of trying summer, not only these present the Duchess," Alfonso's first wife, who was shared that Tjountiful repast but the sick none other than the famous Lucrezia Borand' the motherless children were richly gia.. Titian was employed by this Prince remembered. more than two yearat this time, and paintWe had large committees of both brethed some ver) fine pictures some of which for w7orked hard three seem to embrace all the characteristics of ren and sisters who whenthis great artist. In one of these paintiugs days, yet all feel fully compensated ofof amount the ever nhey. think great there is shown over sixty figures in as . labors. their good wrought by many different attitudes- It is said that Our association is energetic and faithful, one of the great artists shed tears when we have our meetings- - regular and well this painting was carried away from Italy. attended, our membership is one hundred Alfonso did not only pay Titian generouhlyy . WeTiave been wondering "tor liis paimii7gs "buF bestowed on him all and t wen if there would be any change in the day of the honors he would have shown a great our testimony meeting, as the general fast nobleman ot a rank superior to his own. day is on Sunday, would it not be allowable After this Titian painted mauy piciures for us to hold ours some evening t It would jrthat became celebrated. Two of the most more convenient for every mother whose noted ones were " The Assumption of the Je children 'are in school, and more of the Virgin ' and ' ' The Martyrdom of St. Peter young sisters would be apt to join us. God Maitin." At this time Titian was filling several important commissions for 9thers,l' )less the beautiful cause. Pres. Because of this the Venetian Government f S. A. Adams, Sec. n beca me very angry at the artist aricl threat- an (.' K Watson, ! " Hope love and faith, are my freightage, - 15, 1S92. Wic are justly proud of our R. S. "organization; a more earnest, united band of and-hope- st . .. THANKSGIVING PARTY AT PARO-- ' WAX. . Freighted with love and laith Blue was the sea and bright was the sky, Sunbeams gilded each spar with gold ; The dancing diamond spray leaped high, And white sails spreading, fold on fold, Seemed like birds of promise hast'ning far To a home-nebeautiful o'er the Bar,What Port O, sailor? I cried ! it is only possible to speak of the most celebrated ones.- - In 'following Titian V tlje Prince of Colorists " into Padua, we find there, lis well as elsewhere, the proof of the great things that have been said of him....' In 151 he Went to Padua, the center of Italian art and ii tcllcctual development, whurehedidsoine Palace, and a great deal of Church Fresco' ing, a work lie always disliked. His best decorative work was done on the Convent of St. Anthony and consisted cl descriptive scenes and incidents in the life of that Saint. One of the best Frescoes, painted at Padua was "The Triumph, of Faith," of which one of the critics of the day said ; " It is a Masterpiece and worthy a Christian painter.", "The Three of was St his best w ork Miracles," Anthony done at that time. While they were not considered historical works they Avere noted for their magnificently drawn figures,,., ical beauty and a glowing perfection of .. color. Titian having been in Padua about six months returned to Venice in the early , spring. At this time he was invited to Rome by Pope Leo X., an invitation he refused because of his higher ambition as well as his love of more congenial society. In 1 5 3 Titian desiring fame more than fortune, petitioned "State Council of Ten " that he be allowed to paint in the Hall of the Council leaving all financial matters to the discretion of the Council, a proposition the authorities were not slow in accepting. Thus Titian became State .Painter but on account of the many delays caused by his 1 Resurgam of the East one radiant mgrn. Staunch and true, with the sea to cope, A ship sailed far adown the bourne, In giving an account of the pointings of so great a mastei, M. C. W. T - . 1 AN ALLEGORY. Ul AND . TITIAN AS STATIC ARTISTT n Oct. 1 - . ; ! ty-fiv- , - . : 1 TITIAN'S FIRST WORKS AT PADUA Now nearer comes the long'd for Port-isight. Where waters gently lap the shining sand ; Goneare IheTeaxsand iiiners-o- f t!uMiightr And love eternal, clasps thee by the hand, . O, gentle sailor !' Christmas In No. 1896. 15-- 24, Afar in the west there's a gleam of light,. And th c roar of the sea sinks to murmring sighsj The stars of hope shine out i' the night, And the ship reids her way in the skies. She has battled bravely, well and Jong, For her freightage of hopet faith and 1ive ; The haven is near and true and strong She will anchor where naught can move. The tempest is o'er. CONTENTS: Curtis, Sec. UTAH, DKCKMBKR e ! . ' 