WOMAN'S .K.X.PPNKNT We stood .w.bt;re Iul.apraled;s's mail C'uzen 10 Ucesar; in ere arc iragmetuot tight on of the confessional and judgment seat at saw the . ... 17 L4.i;ad which these two men met face to face as prisoner and judge. ""And he found ho fault in him." It was not Nero who' him. to death; we know this spot to be authentic, as there was no other place where he received the people. We next saw the house of Germanicus on Palatine Hill in perfect preservation, the interior decorations were beautiful the pictures which decorated the walls are considered as the best among those found at Home. As we turned away to examine the gardens, which were beautiful, I asked the guard whose duty it is to see that tourists take nothing, if I might have an ivy leaf that clung to the wall.- He smiled and replied yes, giving me also a rose. Near the temple of Vesta was a beautiful statue in fragments of one of the Vestal virgins; it Was magnificently sculptured. Vesta a goddess, daughter, of Rhea and Saturn; the Palladium, a celebrated, statue of Pallas was supposed to be,,, preserved within the sanctuary where fire was continually burning. The Vestal virgins, (priestesses consecrated to the service of Vesta, ) were required to be of a good family and free and deformity. One of their duties Was to see the sacred fire was not extinguished; they were sworn to vows of chastity and if broken were buried alive. They were ten years in preparation, ten in service, ten in retirement, taking thirty years of their iife. 'Tis said but seven of their number ever, broke their vow. We had a very interesting lecture while viewing the extensive remains of the Stradium. All the Kmperors built booths, each endeavored to eclipse the other in structure and magnificence. It is said when Diocletian built his on Viminal Hill he. employed 40.000 soldiers, then destroyed lall the workmen. Baths were deemed a necessity, but Alexander Servius first permitted the people to use them at night , Augustus bought and placed in the tern- pie of Casar that beautiful painting by Appellas, "Venus rising from the sea." NOTES AND NEWS. We now visited the Scala Santa, a flight of 28 marble steps .reputed to be from the house of. Pilate. Charlemagne, vvho was Miss Hklkn V. Crawford, the gifted crowned Kmperor of Rome and assumed 'elocutionist who so ably, officiated at the the title of Caesar and Augustus on Christmas Portland. Woman's. Congress as chief readDay, 800, in the old Cathedral of St. 'Peter,' ing clexJk,' has been chosen as Professor of Elo-- ' was the first man of unmixed blood who cutrou for the Agricultural College at Cor became Kmperor of Rome. Luther's visit vallts, Ore. marks the btgining of the Reformation, "To visit the fountain head of Christian 3Iiss Frances .Gkaiiam French,' of the and faith, seeking help guidance. Roderigo Bureau of Education (better known to the was Pope; all know the crimes wrought in readers of the Woman 's Journal as our his time under the shadow of St. Peter.-'-correspondent "Graham") and Mrs. Belva on ascend stairs these their knees A. Lock wood have been appointed by the People a each 011 saying prayer step, thereby gainState Departineut to represent the United a of thousand ing indulgence yearsvLutlF" States at the second International Congress er ascended "half 'way up when he. suddenly of Charities, and stood erect, and lifting his face heavenward for the Protection of Children, to turned and walked slowly dowu He said open at Geneva 011 Sep. 15. They also exas he toiled up the stairs it seemed a voice pect to be present at the International Peace as if from heaven whispered to him the old Congress at Budapest, and the International well known words which had been his Woman's Congress which will open at Berbattle cry in so many victorious conflicts. lin, Sep. 19. Woman s oumal. "The just shall live by faith." Sunday 24. Raining; so with a cheerful wood fire in my room remain in, letter '' con-detune- d -- - from-blemish- : arti-fic- jeer. al As a cloud of the sunset, slow melting in heaven As a star that is lost when the daylight is given As a glad dreum of slumber, w hich wakens in bliss, She has passed to the world of the holv.J j from thi Romania I Resolved, That while we bow in humble submission to of Him "Who doeth all things well"," we do recognize in her death the loss of a faithful member in our society, a true friend, a devoted wife arid mother and a true Latter day Saint. We also recQgnize in her faithful labors and devotion to the cause Of truth, an example worthy the emulation of our Society. Resolved, That we sincerly. sympathize with the bereaved husband, Brother Francis M. Hoops, her children and her friends in the loss of faithful wife, a .loving mother and. sincere friend. , Also that these resolutions, be placed on the the-will- . . . -- records of the Thomas Fork Relief Societyf andf be published in the Woman's Exponent, and that a copy be sent to the family of our dear departed sister with these lines selected: . - ... . Monday, Nov. 25. Breakfast early, off for Tivoli, a fashionable, resort in the, time of Horace, t6 explore the temples, grottoes, villas and ruiris of the .locality. Along the The loss we feel A Heayenly-bfissrir- . . IN MEMGRIAM. ... 5 -- The parted spirit Knovveth not our sorrow? Answeretli not Its hles'sing to our tears?' A gentle, woman's gone to rest; A gentle mother's voice is still; Sweet children and a husband kind ; Bow humbly to the Father's will. J ., Committee. life-Jul- ' . YuVr Adopted by the officers and members of the Thomas Fork Relief Society in memory of our. beloved sister, Samantha Adeline Hoops, who de 15, 1.896, at her Jiome in parted this Thorn is Fork, Bear Lake Co. Whereas, Our Heavenly Father in I lis wisdom-ha- s seen fit to take from our midst our beloved sister. Samantha Hoops, be it . - VCY KESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. j - Pratt, B. Julia H Druce, j V ; Unmoved from its purpose by censure 01 blame While vainly alike in her eye and her ear Fell the scorn of the heartless, the jesting and j writing., is forsafceri'-"- af "The heart ever open to Charity's claim j ' brokj?t-(w-'--e- mes, j " ,.- -s her-name,-co- - - ' Mrs.'Kllen Curtis Spacer Clawsou was a member of the Reapers Club at its first organization, Oct. 3, 1892, and which now has an enrollment of some sixty members..' She is the first to be called to the "Heavenly Home." There is not a member whose heart is not pained in the loss of so kind and sweet a friend. To look upon her of late the feeling would creep into the heart, that she was daily growing more ethereal and spirituelle by the paleness of her classic face, and the liquid depth, of. her clear eye. The mother love was as a filled quiver and her many gifted children are evidence of her refined, poetic influence and training. As a club we shall, miss her interesting - around- - irr the" papers as roll. She read" with a lo'w, sweet, sympathetic voice that lulled all hearts in peace and chained them in sympathy. Sweet friend we miss thee! yet mourn not that thou so worthy hast been called to a holier sphere, where pain, and death, and sorrow, can pierce thy gentle .heart no more : ellenb . ? One bud rt?m the tree of our friendship is shaken, One heart from among us no longer shall thrill With'joy in our gladneas, or 'rief in our ill." rolling land sea be: we in their, bright colortd peasants costumes, an4 the old watering place or health resort sulphur springs,, and fragments of aqueducts. The Campagna is bounded on North' by the Cinimiau For-est- , on the' West by the . sea, Last ,by the Appennines Chain of the Sabine Mountains Labuic, once covered with feudal castles and cities, but were all buried under the eruption of Vesuvius; passed through the Alban Mountains; the olive trees were old and full of fruit, the air and wood full of delicate perfume; crossed the Arno and soon reached the old town, the streets were just wide enough. for us to pass; you could look into the houses, and the smells, oh my! The girls "were pretty with dark complexions and bright eyes, and black tresses We several dwarfs just my ideal from sajstories, goblin very tiny "with" monstrous" head and feet. We crossed'the bridge and went to a chalet on the hill, near the cascades; 'our lunch was prepared in the theatre which had windows opening on the veranda, from which siinerb views of the town and a rectangular Ionic temple were to be seen; the gardens were most beautiful. We walked to the cascades, they are formed by the.. Arno as it falls into the Tiber. The walks were through the forest and all terraced; Ave climbed to the new waterfall 330 ft. in height; this iall is being formed by diverting parts of the water of- - Arno into a new channel by' means of two long tunnels through .the limestone rock. This was done to prevent the inundations like that ol 1826, which destroyed a part of the villag- -. We walked down to the Sibyls Cave, looking up, the three cascades were to be seen; they are indeed beautiful. Returning to chalet we had n dinner, tnr hot himself- attending to us with all the grace ol a Beau Brummel; we promised to send our' friends there. . Kim. tho-bro- - " t is sister's, gain -- ' r . For while on earth she ever strove To faithfully obey the Lord. And those who mourn for mother, wife May they find peace from God above; And if they lead as pure a life,' . Again they'll know a mother's love. - ' A Member. ' 