nut .;e; thce the world. ' vr.sre visit, there it could-l- sisters read' 'and rerelid : .Cniiiuvd ia.Vm arVd 7 . v-- v 4 ''.. by .staging.''' President J. ' m ',.) t..-,!?"rjr" raam' v L'tvv t ' . : - -- r should work itr tinisun with the invoked' the'KU ssins of the Lord - j ? i - ... rs - - f i t i brethh-n- . itimiMMi iin . . x Ifjtnu'il aiwi..amounr oi goon.. :a nine father to rut suthn;gsr,m taoney Thus steut. would be productive or ;,that: will be - - kO mv:' ift thism'uen' Onod :is .vW:ilMkio-Wri- t -- - i W" vvu Uf 'i'lVJ ' J IU J ' 111; their good Jvork"so that 'ouifield. otitiseJor Man; F; Hanks 'was1 pleased" to "tlftitlnue Yours in the gospel of peace. nil have .influence male felt for good; 'I'residen meet with the sisters, said: Vlf-wmade closing remarks. II; A.'Tl'CKr.TT. a prayerful heart, such things will be said J. S. Coleman wisdom here," etc. President Nottingham Confeience. that will he beneficial to all. We are liv- - Singing, ''Beit my only to be held at Conference adjourned iug in a; day and age when there are great t; beh ooyesjisjtf: mprp vemerit573.t MRSTCARRIE - C H A PMA7S 77 ;'. improve' ourselves everyway possible, preAn-nr 7 Coi.kman, Sec. men .forth ourselves to. bring mighty pare Mrs. CARRIE ClIAl'MAX" Catt, women;-- . It is a great joy, when Carrie Lane, Chairman of the Organiza- - and mothers see their sons promoted to higher tiou committee of the Woman Suffrage Association, was born in priesthoods. We should, encourage our S. L. CO. W. S.. A. books. The lectures read to children good Ripon, Wis. and lived in that State until on faith have been a great help to the seven years old. Then her parents reMiNUTEs'of meeting held in the 14th of understand sisters, they moved to Charles City, la., which was her Ward Assembly Hall, Feb. 18, 1S96. 7 Tht of Relief The the Thurber, Society Gospel. home during most of her life. She was Salt Lake Woman's Hquaf SufTrage Asin were Fremont and Tcasdale reported educated at the State Industrial College of sociation was favored with a lecture by Prof. Sister- Lucinda '.. order. 7 good' running course Iowa, after which she took a special J.' M. Taii'-e- on the subject of "Popular to " felt for Brown meeting. coming paid in law. For three years he served as Government 'thelecturewasillustrateii live in and practice-sucJvVVshQuld, things 1 ci -and was very instructive and enjoyed by prin pal oF t he ligh School ud General our lives that we do know is right. Schools Mason of of all who heard it, and showed beyond a City, Superintendent Sister Xancy Blackburn bore testimony doubt that the Professor . Ta., at the end of which period, in 1S84, thoroughly undershe was married to Leo Chapman, editor of to the truth of the Gospel, said, "the sisters stands the subject and the ladies appreciated the Mason City Republican. They were have been 'organized into societies for a the compliment he bestowed in kindly and editors. At the' end of the good purpose and we should be punctual in consenting to lecture. After the lecture our Sarah Sister A. etc. sold Chap-iiiaMr. doing this and duties," year they property j Emily S. Richards made a few remarks, went to the Pacific Coast to find a Robinson made remarks which wre. said she was glad that the 'women had the more active field of labor. While there he timely. Pat. E. H. Blackburn was pleased franchise and that we should make a study "sickened with typhoid fever, and died in for the privilege of being with the sisters, of all questions near and dear to "women to us the of Lord the San Francisco. Mrs. Chapman, remained progress spirit Thought that a course of studies of the is .sister of it is the wonderfirl, in that city for a year, doing general news? every right Woman's N. A. would be advisable. She to with revelation of have the them. rewoman-spirit pdper 'work, and was the first thinks that all women will "yet have a right with President was Coleman rS; J. life 'in that city. During her there pleased porter to vote and Was proud of the victory that, she became familiar with much of the hard-'- . the remarks made, and the spirit enjoyed. we had gained. Attributed our success to m. 2 xtill of and Meeting women p. adjourned Singing. our being so thoroughly organized and ships privations working Benediction by Klder Bastiau. . in great cities, and for the first time realized united in our work; and thinks if we v. ill Afteknoon Session: After opening still hold the fearful temptations which beset the together it will be a benefit to our adexercises S. Counselor Sarah her. own thrown resources. Forsythe upon poor girl sister States that have not recieved the frandressed said: the should "We. conference, of sad which cases led , Matiy despair finally chise yet. When she was in Washington to ruined character came under her direct be humble and seek for the spirit of the this time Utah was recieved with much fav ith the finale of one Lord, we should be obedient to those who vor, and honored with one whole notice, particularly evening distressing, circumstance of this nature, are placed over us, thesemeetinffsVre for being set apart lor her. Senator Cannon she resolved that the remainder of her life, Ihe purpose of instructing .the sisters, and Allen spoke in good with Whatever; ability God had endowed should instruct "our children to do their termsRepresentative of the subject. Airs. Richards thinks her, 'should be expended in making the duties in the. priesthood, we should seek that the best of feeling does and should" working woman of the United States the Lord and his righteousness and all exist between the women of both parties, respectable and respected, and her right to other. things will be added, the more we and that they should Work together for the labor unquestioned. With this intent she study the more our lnindswill expand, the benefitof wToman-kind- r and that "equal pay went lipbn the platform as a lecturer upon Lord will cut his work short in righteous" for equal labor was only right and just. ness," etc. The officers of the central general topics, thinking to gain 7a foothold 4oard-wrere then trstaixied-ai- rd as also the ' and - in.this wav the they must learn to vote intelligently. stake officers, .the K suflrage cause claimed her attention. It is A motion. to accept the report of the ladies reported in good delegated to call onMrs. Wells," State Preplain to all that when the government Lyman and aneville.were ' conditio! Sisters Marearet Pace and recognize the equal brain power of a wosident of the E. S. .be accepted as read, man by counting, her influence as a voter, JulioBlackburn spoke encouragingly to and the committee A.; Mrs Richdischarged. the wTorld will follow speedily to recognize thjesisters. Sister Leah "Blackburn said: ards was appointed to call on the State offTir Phiuilitv in l.Kor With hor i"tiHtitrip pwe should encourage our children to go to icers and obtain more information if possible, Withl meeting our actiouswill be called up before and recognized, her wages will rise. report at next meetng. Prayer hy us, there is a great responsibility resting respectable wages, it will be easn;o irfain Bassett!. tain .character. upon the mothers, let us perform our duties CASSIE NEWMANSeC. to the best of our ability.- President J. S. 7 f;For the past six years she hasxie voted her sCryice 7 to. , this cause. 1111891 she vas Coleman felt that, the sisters in Wayne married to George W. Catt, president of the Stake are improving greatly, "we have had" The senate, in Des Moines Iowa think it New;York Dredging Co7 He is as ardent a goodly portion of the holy spirit with us, has effectually ended J the "movement for a suffragist as is his Wife, and aids her in if we would seekfaith the' weak would be her work in every way possible. Woman's made strong, mothers sJldmakjego6dl woman suffrage in the state. The senate "selections for their children etc. , desired to joint resolution to amend the constitution journal. do all the good, possible, obey those w'ho was defeated by a vote of 25 to 24. are. placed over us. Queen Victoria, in her opening speech R. S. REPORT. President V, ,E. Robinson said he had to Parliament; has again shown her regard listened with a great deal of interest to the for the American WAYNE STAKE. people 'and her desire for instructions given, said how perfectly we peace. Newspapers throughout the: United belief of are Stake, Wayne Society with 'the women of States, although opposed to woman suffrage, ;The organized compared field Conference Nov. 29th, 1895, in the the wor!d,7was pleased' to "note the increasare loud in1 their praise of her "womanly "toa Relief Society Hall, Stake President ing interests in the Relief Society and see wisdom and ability as a ruler. " Apparently Jane S7 Colenian presiding. Singing; them carry out the resolutions given J)y it is only American women whom they Prayer '.dfiered-- by Pa,t- K. IF Blackburn ih&fes, .who 'are placed over ; political responsibilities. &?wug : the : r- . V VrV h V iw k e - ; y hv-iefore- ' ' .' .. a , ... ... : - National-American- ! -' . the-princip- les- - r h joint-owne- rs n : . of-th- e . . . ; .... n . omen-will-be--recognt'.ed It-v- by-their-"- ote- -no- t-long-before " M-E- - - . v J - . - tlieia-he-isters-- H ;. , - 