'1 a-- closing remarks and meeting adjourned for two weeks. Singing " Satan's power long has florish-eIxmediction by Sister Lydia D. Alder. -- ' ;Vl. .Rt'CJT;. "i- - Minutes of Ladies' Semi-Monthl- Meet y d ing held in the 14th ward Assembly Hall, Saturday,. Nov. 28, 1S96,. President M. Isa- -. bella Home presiding. Singing "O, r who ; souls pray prayer by Sifter happy , -- Zina T.HYDErecretary: . Julia . C. Howe ; singing 7 Olonous things are sung of Zion ;" minutes of previous ' meeting read and approved. President. Home felt it was good to meet together and speak of the goodness of the must becontin- Lord, one to another. watch-tower, ually on the guard our speech for Satan took advantage of our words; not our thoughts, we should have good in; our hearts ' for out of the abundance of the heart the mouth speaketh,' we should seek to have the Spirit of the Lord always." Spoke on faith, repentance and baptism, said when she thought of the privileges we eh joy ed sh e fel t"wea re r t rulyTa blessed jeople, related a vision of lirother Woodruff's wherein he saw Joseph and Hyrum Smith, and seeing them in such a burfy, being very busy, he asked why this was. They told him this was the la.st dispensation and they were getting ready for the resurrection. Said we should use very great wisdom in asking the Lord for .spiritual gifts especially the gift of tongues, thought if God had a gift for us it was for a special purpose and he would give it to us. Refered to President Woodruffs sermon on this subject and Urged the sisters to live their religion and prayed the Lord to "bless Us all. . Sister Leaker testified to God's goodness to her and felt to coincide with everything said by President Home, spoke of her TemSisters ple work ; felt to praise the Lord. Morris and'julia Samson bore faithful testiHow firm a founda- monies. Singing. . -- ticm - . JIKAK LAKE STAKE. ' Minutes of R lief Society Conference of. the Bear. Lake Stake of Zion, held in the Paris 1st ward meeting house, Sunday, Nov. 29, 1896. Opened by singing " O, God our help in ages past;" praye--r by Price ; continued .Bishop by singing "When earth in bondage;" sacrament was then administered under the - hands of the Paris 1st ward Bishopric. Sacramental Ye children of the Lord. ' Presihymn dent Julia Lindsay presiding, also before receiving reports she offered a few timely remarks. Paris 7s tTva President Margaret Inness; Piris 2nd ward represented by President Ashley ; Blooui-ingtoward represented by Counselor L. M. Hart, who afterwards said how she thought weshould all be truly sincere .in our religious duties, 'also related many beautiful items of her experience while passing through the Temple, told how her noble and beautiful mother taught- her to be economical, neat and tidy, said it was necessary and right for young ladies to be careful in taking good counsel from their loving mother and, put aside ca elessness. learn to make good bread, and mend their clothing and shoes if necessary and prepare for future usefulness. Also said how careful young ladies should be in choosing husbands, and not be too hasty to wed, said bow she looked forward for things she has been deprived ofin this life, that she can receive in the life to come, if she is faithful, -ta ad vi sed--t he-- si speak iiuliner- ently ot the Priesthood before their child ren or theywill regret it all their lives, also wished us to be liberal with our means and cultivate charity, and help those who are in need and try to be Saints in very deecl. Sister Bagley reported the Mbntpelier ward as being in a very fair condition, said although Montpelier has had a bad name and that people cannot possibly be- Saints that "live there, yet they have a good Relief Society and many of. the sistets are very liberal when called upon to aid the needy. Also said how careful a .mother should be to cultivate the spirit of the Gospel and prepare our families to understand the duties required of them when about to start in life for themselves, so as to have our child ren worthy members in the kingdom of God. If we are members of the Relief Society ve will be able to get rid of false ideas," we will, also become better wives and mothers than we would otherwise. How necessary it is for us to be kind and thoughtful to the orphan and help cheer those who are in We should also distress and 'downcast respect, old age, and try to assist in sickness Thanked our Heavenly Father for the privilege of living in this last age and dispensation, exhorted the young people to respect their religion and live a good and . n - - sters-ncver- President Mary Ann Hyde in her marks refered to the recent death of Sister Helen Mar Whitney, also many other der friends who had passed away, spoke on faith "and told of a blessing given her by one of these sisters in which she was told she should have great faith. This had been : literally, fulfilled, she and three young children had been healed by faith, urged the mothers to watch carefully, made some beautiful and encouraging, remarks and prayed the. Lord to bless us, also warned the sisters to be wise in asking for the gift of tongues. . President Home related how she leceiv-e- d the gift of tongues, also spoke of her youngest daughter having this gift but that they both came unsought. Refered to Sis ter Hyde Who had this gift but always used it in wisdom and by the Spirit of the Lord, spoke strongly on this subject. Sister. Zina x .: Hyde spoke on this subject. Sister Margaret O. Brown related an instance of the gift of speaking in tongues, knew the Spirit of the Lord was thex greatest comfort and blessing to her, alluded to the goodness of the Lord and how His hand - had been over her all the time for good, bore her testimony. Sister J. C. Howe felt to testify to the truth of what had been said in regard to the gift of tongues, related an instance of engaging in prayer with her little, family and how she then and there received the gift, felt this was a comforting gift ; " there is a book of remembrance kept and when the sisters testify of the eroodness of God this re- ' f - - . - " ; true: life. prayed to our Heavenly P'athuraiuf lift4 tnings orougnt to er mina mm sue iiaa not thought of before, many times when" i a need of the same, also has been able' to overcome that fear or timidity that comes upon us when we are called upon to' speak to the Saints,' desired to liver to do good, although at times she had wondered what good it was to live now. her husband had .passed away and her family all raised. Related her experience in her Temple work, told how worried she was about her work on account of some of the members of her family not being able to go throng li the Temple to work for dead .relatives not having time etc., said how the Lord miraculously answered her prayers with regard to getting her great genealogy, 145S . having been baptized for already . and some few endowed for. It was astonishing how, much baptizing her nephew got'through in , a daV3oo baptism s. By theJiel pofSjterL Spencer has been able to accomplish so much genealogical work, felt how good it was to be under the influence of the Holy Spirit and feel the presence of the heavenly beings, after having worked one day in the Temple, felt repaid for all her life's sufferings and trials, would not change her position in plural marriage for anything or on any account. Be very careful how we speak of the Lord's anointed beciuse it is not our duty to criticise their 'actions, but be Saints in very deed. Never knew during her experience in this Church such a as there is today. spirit of Our Relief Society is organized in all its branches in order to exercise our charite-tablfeelings to all who are in need, Mormon or Gentile, and we believe that in the near future .we will be called upon to help and assist many who are not of our faith, asked the Lord to help us to remain firm and steadfast, and reminded us that after we become members of ttre-Socictyourselves great responsibiliwejake upon . - . fault-findin- g e - ties. ; President James Hart had enjoyed the remarks that had been made, felt to commend the valuable instruction 'that had been given, could not empahsize toD much the useful and timely remarks that had been made in' regard" to respecting the Priesthood etc. We are to much given to say " I can't do this, and I can't do the other," we should be willing to say ' I can do all things through Christ's strengthening my labors." There are many things required of us in the various stages of life we can do all things required of us through asking the Lord's assistance, rejoiced in the great good our worthy sisters were doing, and felt proud of being numbered with the Latter-daSaints, said we should be ready at all times to forsake ever) thing for" the Gospel's sake. We are privileged to be heirs to the Priesthood, prayed that the spirit of this, meeting would go out to all other wards in this Stake, and may the Lord's choicest blessings rest upon us all. Conference was adjourned for six months; choir sang ' Onward Christian Soldiers ;M benediction by President William Rich. J - . y 4 Louisa Tueller, Acting Sec. I President Lindsay said if we only put in practice what we already have heard , we would accomplish something great. Al- ways had taken comfort to know that her anchor of courage has been that she had a standing in the Church and Kingdom of .iS'recordedPresidient Home madg a few. God, always felt comforted when having . ; CHRISTMAS IN THE LONG AGO. Seated around a wide open fireplace where the great logs of wood burned cheerfully, and the tile hearth was bright and shining; the strong brass flashing fire-do- gs 