WOMAN'S EXPONKNT. Wo MAN'S hour or two What we need and must havens let-t- e pa red"" st ttden t s to, begin with, and ' longer courses,of, study. . There dias been an exvttwsi, soul. Exponent r-p- re ':'.:rry "to look on and listen, there are many who have the time if they could only t wli'l ior"Tvlii-ioiie recalls into the Constitutional ; 1. n .1 uav wiieu me suuieci vtwveiiiiun aueruay ...1..:.c4XU?X suffrage- was .being .discussed there, one wonders if they really appreciate ""the ballot now it has been obtained.' It is to be hoped women will make a study "of govern-ment at home and wherever and whenever-'there is an opportunity; but judging from the little. interest taken in this A'ery important Legislature, one cannot but feel they are losing time to say the least. The Salt Lake County W. S. A . Mrs. . Kate Groesbeck President, and the Woman's-- Press Club are all taking hold of such subjects as will help in the' welfare of the state, ..and it is ardently hoped that in other Counties the same; kind of study is being taken hold of with quite as much energy. y ' It is gratifying to know that the Govern- is consistently carrying out the or equal suffrage idea Hi is making on ".State Boards of public institutions. On the Board of the institute for the Deaf and Dumb recently appointed by Governor Wells, out of five persons two women were made members Mrs. Harriet P Emerson- of Ogden and DrMartha of this City , Hughes Cannon of Feb. ry speakBoston Standard The ing of the young Governor of the new State of Utah says: "The advocates of equal rights good reason, to feel encouraged and stimulated, not only in the fact that with the admission of Utah a wTomau suffrage state is added,. to the Union, but also that a man of integrity, of character and of broad liberal principles, who recognizee the value of an intelligent woman's vote,, occupies the position of Governor of the new State." j "The advanced- attitude of the residents of Utah in respect to the man question is an example of enlightenment that reflects greatly to the credit of. the people in that western state and bespeaks a" high degree of moral ;vand intellectual force that might well be emulated "by the inhabitants of other lccalities in this Republic."."-. ";: . the article of a columiKand a Closing i " .' i-- .- - . - in Silt Lake City, Utah. Publishea Terms: one copy one year, jji.oo; one copy six months, To reduction ma(le for clubs.r City papers 50 cts. '" ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 pts. Adrertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space one time, $2.50; per month,. $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. semi-mon.thl- y, - . : educational training is scarcely grasped. It is a subject for serious thought and cannot be too strongly impressed upon the minds ,of the young people. If a better generation is to be reared. for the great future of which so much is said and in which the people of today are so deeply interested, Utah cannot begin too soon Jo provide for this systen oi public instruction and not make it 'depend' upon the charity and intense; earnestness of a few philanthropic women, who are themselves mothers arid grandmothers with need of all their powers and faculties to educate, instead'of raising money by private entertainments, which at the most can only do very little for the masses. . EXPONENT; office,' Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Build .tng, Main Street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Businesshouu from' 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to . " PUBLISHER;. WOMANiS EXPONENT, . ; X r ' Entered at the Post Salt Lake City, Utah. i Office tcondclass m atter in Salt Lake City, Utah, a , . Salt Lake City, 'March i, " but it is a matter so' little understood as yet, that the, importance 01 the classes'," . 1896. KINDERGARTEN EDUCATION. The movement all over the United States to establish Kindergarten schools is gaining APPRECIATION OF THE BALLOT. ground rapidly, even among pedagogues,and people are fast becoming converted to the As the Legislature draws towards the more recent ideas upon child culture and methods. Jatter parr of the .session people generally Fair Utah which abounds in children seem to become rather more interested; and ought not. to be behind in progressive work the members of both houses are apparently in this direction. Some extra exertions anxious to use greater dispatch; it is strange have been made during the last two years to that women have not manifested a deeper give the children of Salt Lake City, Provo, earnestness in the matters pending before this representative bedy of men. Because Ogden and some other localities the advantage of this system of training, but it has women were not eligible to vote or be voted Stateat times, for previous to the Proclamation for been almost discouraging x hood, women should not show any lack of especially from a financial standpoint as fesenthusiasm in subjects so essential to the tering the work has been entirely a philanthropic movement and-i- t is difficult to make community as some that are being brought nor should it understood appreciated and recognized by before this body of the community; therefore the maintaining they be unmindful of the" responsibility of the schools w7hich have been established resting upon them because cf the privileges There are those has been by a comparative few who have of equal citizenship. seen" the good results and have been able to who fully expect that at another election wo men will be candidates for the Legislature and comprehend the philosophy of. 'the system, ntirl PTrtiPctfipec fnr it with 1 nt rnr!n-rc rifRvc Infkii crlfl.tC. t U tlie childrens welfare and the good of the can anticipate tuat tins.- can . race.- be brought aboutVithout any sort of prepsoon too cannot Women urge upon aration, any knowledge of what is neceslegislators and school boards the. quality and sary' to do beforehand? The apathy And indifference which seemingly exists is not excellence of the Kindergarten. Frosbel the originator of this system in encouraging, and men need not fear to the mothers of Germany .'women who think the only thing required his trumpI-cal- l ;' says, "Come let us live with the children;" of them is to talk. Education in these public matters is as and as every mother should; live witn her children, and many mothers are severely essential as in any other direction, and there is no better place to learn than where puzzled to know what to do with the chilbest to and train how dren and "manage people put into practice the knowledge of are ones the mothers who the should public matters they have acquired through them, become kindergarten educators, and the years of actual experience in affairs of the young women of today can find no better commonwealth. field or profession than . the kindergarten Certainly the women of . Utah are not affords. lacking in appreciation of this good gift ; In a. lecture given upon this subject in "The franchise," and they are no doubt Chicago where there is a Kindergarten colproud of the fact that a woman was elected find -wre the remark "What becomes of Chief Clerk, of the Senate, and why not lege, the girl graduates?" The answer, is this; publicly acknowledge the honor by going "When a new and almost limitless field of to the Legislature at least occasionally as labor, which demands the highest and best interested visitors, and listeners. Mrs, that Avomen can brine to it stands onen; Pardee,, certainly feels desirous -- of- having-:th- e when salaries ranging from fifty to seventy presence of women in the Senate Chamfive dollars per month, for only three hours ber, and the President of the Senate has of laborin the school room during five days been most gracious and kind to those who in the week, go begging for lack of trained have attended, and all the members without teachers, when 'positions offering from one exception have looked kindly and apto three thousand dollars a year for training provingly upon lady visitors, and. if one teachers.xcaunofe be filled, we repeat Where may judge from their 'manners are : ' are the girl graduates?" . that the women take notice of their The same writer .says, "better be a sur'. deliberations. If there are some women too busv and geon without preparation and- maim the J VV1LU a child's VUU , kU4U VO C.pcilUifiill postlively canilpt gq,. now and then for an - , - law-maker- s, . , I w-r-- 4 ttiey-possibl- ' . , .'- - : . - " - i.the-Iieaper's-C- lub . - 1 .of-Uta- h the-apjxjiiitments- -he"1 . - - . have-indee-d .'- - ' . Thalf is " the-foilowinjr. x the 'women of. the East may- well congratulate the women of the State of Utah upon their representative in the gulernatorial chair. Would that all men in public offices might be gi ven as fair a character. "Surely - , TO THE PUBLIC - My Dear. Exponent: . -- -- -- d very-please- T ; 1 L 1 .! ; give a little space in your valuable journal in order to express otir warmest thanks to the Relief Societv. and . M. I. A. r- - also numerous other friends, who have so promptly responded to the call to forward their subscriptions for the poetical works of Emmeline B. Wells soon to be published. r. The many expressions of good will and kindly interest from the .sisters awaken a responsive echo in: our. hearts. The active interest, and substantial expression of good faith in this labor of love is truly appreciated, and we trust it will be "as the trentle rain Pl.KASE ;Y,-L- - -- frw Heaven, ' twice blessedblessing those- ' N 