KXPONKNT. WOMAN'S t - -- . :,ittZ'wa frequently- called to pe rform PresuieYft "SCfJsnns: jHoomiurTWV!itv. ' me it.;. unneu States, omcreni pans -- - , I " ,,it.KU& i,.;nmtymiJmriT: ' rnff' T j - vw'f o ' . T ' . r-1 v jane i. oparKs-,Kr Montpelkr, Sister 7. P; Lihsday; Kenning ton, PresitkMU , Vanorman, Georgetown, Thomas Fork, Counselor Sister 'lice: ' i i ' r- -f . . : . .. 1 ... .. 01 ..I . 1 une wait, untu icn luiait lor oms btlt3S .she uas a worn an of ak)n(, lit,, rare executive, ability," ami by nature specially adapted to" the care of children, she performed ' these duties wisely and well. After being diiveu- from Missouri, they settled in Lima where they remained for nearly "tax years, hu were finally diiven from their home which together with their stacks of grain out buildings Nic, were hurried to the ground before their eyes, leaving the family. a.Im'ost pmniless hut glad to escape with their lives; They next settled in Nauvoo, but beftre a year had passed were aaiti compelled to move, this .time they towk up tlieir line of march towards the ' his-mirth- ni'i . - . - .,.1. conic upon tne wicked; urged the Saints to live in such a war that God see' the-sfrom us preserve judgments,. said we should awake to a sense of our duties, invoked the blessing "of God upr-'all. President Nancy Pugniire, of the Young Ladies Associations felt that the remarks that had been "made were good and timely, spoke at .some' length on the needs of do mestic economy,, this is something that is neglected too much in the homes of the Latter day Saints. President W. L. Rich endorsed the remarks of the previous speakers, thought if the speakers depended on inspiration they never, sit down without saying something that would he beneficial to some one. fhe 'minutes' of the meeting' were read ana received, alter- .which conference was adjourne'd by the choir singing ail fit-t- e ... - "They that trust in theXord." Benediction by President V. L. Rich. Rose Hilxier, Sec. anthem; IN MFMORIA.M trial-Avhic- Saint. r- H.uumYcu f . 1 ' kept the faim nd has gone to receive the reward which her 'long years of trial, toil arid sacntice entitle her to; her remains were tenderly borne to their last resting place by her grandsons who hold her memory m grateful remembrance. Alter life's fitful fever she sleeps well. - s - - - - - - - - 1 ' . . iS. 1 tr 1 privations V ing their residence in that.state. Brother Cox, being a., man of great faith and were-srrrmeiiT. hir -- ) 1 1 rm ! 1 1 i VV'fjrrl t n i ! . Vi. c t .. li , - Pauline Lakson Dastkup. Sigurd, Sevier Co. Utah May 19, 186 In memory of Sister Ovilla Levitt Brown who "mrl Ann ' inlti I ,1 ;,1,nt1' Villi! IlliU I Xf.h 'J 1 T-r C1V!v l.u-i'f- . J ir ?i v OVI UUVi.iUVir she WU bnm in n;nM J v I nn ,r,i (It V'U'I Ji,.t, VI Sher. ,lrv.Tviu brook Canada and removed with her. parents when nine years old tOrKirtland Ohiv. Married Brother Philander Brown, Oct. 3, 184S, at Cam- - .1 ( H.-.i.V- 1 was baptized Co. Michigan and at bray, Hillside V- . v. ... rrt r, i. m wnuam meter Pol council liiutts soni. oy t resfdl.d jn FarminKlon l3aVT3 to the in o n vi tt oveci in 1 iiji-'.mic. v I niivn'inii ,ii ' Idy ur ti n nor to Provo in 1S73. .Whereas it has pleased our Heavenly Father to take our beloved , Sister to a higher .sphere, therefore be it, members of Resolved, that we her the Second Ward Relief Society of Provo cherish, her memory and emulate her virtues energy ard perseverance.. She was a useful woman inthe community among her sisters in sickness, and faithful and true in the higher order of .marriage and waspjfja kind and humane disj.xjs.uion. n a rinr-- ic- r in nr.r tri--- ' Sti for many years, and a counselcrddr eight yeais in the Primary Association wheurganized 01878. ye sympatntse wnn tne iajnny 111 inetruereave- nient and desire to expressr our condoience. Resolved that these resoIutionsUJe placed upon the records of these Societies aiHfpubiishtd in the I t 1 . Co:(-wen- 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 iiu-)uuiv- f i 11 i WiyXiA j 11 1 1 - Nv'S Sarah Scott, ixest. Ex TON E N T. SakaIi Goodman, Coun. Committee. J M;'' A. TWAy MakthaJ-iarkis- . 1 I y 1 1 ... 1 Gouzins is ill with inflammatory rh r tuniatism at Los Angeles, Cal., and has PutuBH IS- i . . .t ilu 11 r ix t iue hunrage lur assucutiion aiu. ippiieu This association- has no fund to heln indtvidr Couzins,' itals, but it is going to help-Misxv hose active career has been interesting in Winning him back w hen nmgmg hx'Q. throng showing woman's capacity for executive V, V;..: "' :v oftice. From a vain world we love alas 1 1- , . great-grand-child- U.-1- -- V - . , J co-labor- HESOLUTIOS'S OF RESPECT. Resolutions of respec' adopted by the W. H. T. R. Class in memory ot Sister Rachel Ann Jatheium, the beloved wife of John, Gatherum who Was born in Heber City, Wasatch Co., May 29U1 1S65 and departed ttiis life April 20th, Whereas our Heavenly Father has called from our midst one of our faithful members, we desire to offer our sympathies and condolence to life husband and. friends of deceased, for she was a dutiful daughter, a "devoted' wife; ' and a loving mother, ever seeking to implant faith and purity in the hearts of .her children. Resolved that Ue, the officers and members of our association do recoenize in her death the loss of an energetic' co laborer, whose example was ever wotthy of. emulation. A R rt;i"l iffl th'if ihwcw i c ?&t imnn the records of bur association and a copy be sent i She died surrounded "by her cnildicn, brother, sisters and other relatives- and leaves behind a numerous host of friends to mourn her departure. She died faithful to the Gospel and in the hope of a glorious resurrection. 1 1 Com. DiFJ) at her home in.Manti, of old age, on A March 4th, .1896. Ivuu'iine Cox. Deceased was the biting 1 of Elisha and daughter Whiting Sally Mewlitt whe were natives (f yermonCbut removed to ' Nelson; l'orfage.Co. Ohio, in the early settlement :.. of tbarstate where the subject of this sketch was to t ne n u soa no an u a m y ,' tJdrn July 23, LS17. In 1835 she was married to Frederick Walter His home she enters there to be a light Cox. Sometime after she and her husband emShining wiihin when altwithout is nigl braced the Gospel and removed to Far Vest,Md . A guardian angel o'er nis life presiding' They endured all the persecutions, hardships and Doubling his pleasures and ail bis cares di KhCg. to which the Saints : -- t. . -i m-.clii- - ftfi' 4 V . if irf grand-childre- h She was a woman of intelligence and refine- raent, an agreeable companion with a keen sense o: nunior ana an mexhaustiMe fund 01 anecdote and reminicenses f her early life. She was the mother of twelve children eight . , mm,w.,u ,vC ur -- u c, hi r it r;in he trnlv h; r uis liPhniiiTiiK . ;;,, sciu iier u.i.uTen rise up ana cau ner , esseci Bean, . i Committee. I - pioneer life in a' hostile Indian country. In the spring of Brother Cox was called to take a mission to England, in August her last child a little gird was born, and eighteen months later Sister Cox uas alhirted with a cancer,' the removal of which almost Cost her, her life and the following summer when the baby was two vears old she u as called from earth ..thus adding was greatly aggraanother- grievous ol the husband and fattier. vated by tne absence Sister Cox was an exemplary wife and mother a fifth in! .friend, and a- - conscientious Latter-da- y - A 1 since resided.; She was chosen President of the" Relief Society of the Vermillion Ward Feb. 17, 1SS7, which position she' filled with lienor until the division of the Ward ini8;5. At that tune she was called to the presidency in the Sigurd Societv which. position she held at the time ot her death. She had also been a Sunday School teacher for many years, and. was prominent in public circles. Was ever ready-- to minister to the poor and needy; had ever a contorting wotd for the distressed. The cause of death was (puck consumption. .She was the mother. of seven children, ix of whom are. still living. She had and one eleven , ministered the choir sang sacramental In .m. Several associations were then reported all of which were doing a good work. President Lindsay . was overjoyed to see so many out considering the rainy weather and very b id roads. She felt satisfied with the improvement that was being made. The Saints had. much to be thankful for 11 rlr . Liie." ,. 1. n-- 1 y me "My Lord the light of all my While the sacrament was id- - H j :. wife of Henry Willi of and and Frances im Nebeker, daughter Heaton departed ttiis life April 24, iS6,at Sigurd Sevier Co, Utah. She was born Feb.. 2S, 1S34, at Little Ortori, Yorkshire England. She joined the Church of Jesus Christ ot Latter-daSaints in her native land; emigrated to Ctaa in ibr: In 1S65 she married Henry Nebeker at l'ay.son, Ctaii Co. One year later they were cdled to help settle the Muddy Mission. where they remained until the mission was broken up in 1S70. In that year lh'iy removed to Cileuwootl.Sev ivi Co., where they, remained four years. In that Ward she hi Id the otlice of Counselor to the Presiilent of the Reliel Society. In the w inter of 1874 she came to Sigurd forni- - 1 'Singing, . Rehkcca Hi:aton Nkiikkkr, They afterwards reniovei! to Council hi liswhere, they were called to part with another An Organ Solo was. then rendered by this tune limr intant oy. Mr; A. Osband. President Laker of the child, In the spring of LS52 lhother.Cox and his Primary spoke of the strong bond of friend family crossed the Missouri River and began their ship that existed between the sisters who long journey across the plains. On the banks ot the Platte River another little '"were laboring together in the different aswas born, who lived and prospered in sociations. Meeting adjourned by singing daughter of the unfavorable circumstances attending spite Benediction IClder Jier "Praise The Lord." advent. Laker On the 4th of October 1S52, Sister Cox once At 2 p. in. The choir sang, "O Lord more found a resting place in Manti, w here she has since resided eerhelpig in a heroic manner our help. ' ' Prayer b Brother J : Stucki to bear the hardships and burdens incident to a 1 1 ' 1 .OLIVE . t. . . generation. . Lmily G. .i,uff, President. Sarah t L.t Dixon, Coun. . - . . , - : ''Jisw,' itVj Still subject, ever on the watch to borrow Mirth of sorrow of h'fs sorrow. . - ' , 'Lav-.v,- How oft her eyes read his; her gentle mind To all his wishes all lus thonghts inclined,. Counselor L. M. Hart spoke of the .duties of the members of the Relief Society, urged thesistcrs to gain a testimony of the truth of the great work, for the time is coming when those only; who have this testimony will he enabled to stand the trials that are 'coming. upon this people, 'spoke also of the netting sun. , in .of the necessity educating the' young At the ii.exl halting plare Mt. ' I'isg di, Sister V. of the JJrotber Cox had more than l.er full share of the sickness J. Gospel. principles Stucki gave the sisters- eucouragnieiit, and sorrow which seemed to be the portion of the during their sojourn at. diat place,. boke of the aid they were to the Bishops Saints Her beloved fathtr and mother and two of her' of the different wards, not. only in. caring lor .own little dauglitei s all within ihe space of a few the poor and sick, but in their willingness weeks followed each other to the grave and while to donate to all charitable purposes. Spoke she was sick indeed so lo.v that her life was, of, Hr. Cox was m.ikiug the cofllns for of the advantages of the young people, despafred these little ones and bearing them in his own much would be expected of the present arms, to the grave. -- chrai Blessed with, tjhat ms. yuscuvKiJiiy happiness aud hour To fireside - long . - . : : .1 - i s f ; .' '.. : 