WOMAN'S KXl'ONKNT. Mary Hawks, Delilah K. J)uclley;-.;Broth:kelson, of J'ocatcjloi and Ifokbp " Capcl. T mttbt liot forget to .say they had a good new meeting house,, and a good clmjr with a good organ which is a great : 'help in' any ward.- " sub"--.Hajili- 'J i and sisters of Garden Creek, to Nine Mile, where we had a much needed rest that evening, ;fnd stayed over night at Pres't. ' . We held meeting at Oxford,- at j o'clock on the afternoon of the- 12th, There were present on th stand, lrsides our-fina- - - the Stake Presidency, Pres't. Lewis, and Cuiuiselurs Hannah Cro.shaw andLyuna Fisher, Secretary Susie Homer, Bishop Lewis and Kldcr Ncphj Cttmniings. The instructions here given were similar to our former meetings except that views of a political character were added, and piite an interestingtime was given s Li-wi- s . pie. ; ".'.' Makv A. Hawks, Counselor. 1). K. Dijdi.icv.'Scc. pto tern. MISCELLANEOUS. To be gentle is the test of a lady. le ashamed to confess your ignorance' whenever you see an opportunity Ho not 1 11 ,.1 Six of Brother bearers. is of much avail, but practice is far more potent. A godly life is men t that Jvon rati" nffnr tin s;t:nryn idmncrf ..'V w . W O " tn .j the skeptic. Hosea Ikillou. " V W the sword cannot prepare the soil where it is to grow up. Truth, light and reason alone are the nurses of liberty. In vain do they talk of happiness who never subdued ah impulse in obedience to a principle. He. who never sacrificed a present to a future good, or a personal to a general one, can .speak of.happiuess only as the blind do of colors. . ": -- - To. one who has said, "I do not believe there is an honest man in the wcMd,'" another replied, "It is i m nossi Mentha t one .man should know all the world, but quite possible that one should know dutiiself." . -- Montreal Star. is not shaped by trifles tmoreCharacter than marble is sculptured by - any puns of air. Only by hard struggles and conflicts wiui lempiauon, ana resolute sen mastery, does the divine principle assert its supremacy and carve its immortal loveliness into every faculty ind mood of the mind. The our trials and. the. hardness of sharpness-o- l our lot shouAvhat we are made of. . To Americans the danger of 'ilying by. slow poison 'that this end might the-wife'- remote. , Since t lie news of the passage of this bill, it has been stated that the bill .has not yet pas.sed the House of Commons, yiit. MsHwufc. wiil commerce her next class in RKSI-'hCT- . AND' NURSING ls!;, at 137 Jv. , " Annfo Cabin, !v!"ii. WoIht Co., Utah. i:. A. IVoi-vcr- , llunUvUlc, Wt r C., I't.tlv. S.ira.'t II. Vooi!ni!T, Kk Ji Co., I tali.' Earinlp thutt. SI.t lowvli;', l'.lfh V. nfji heartfelt sympathy if! the loss of a loving w ife and mother, and sincere friend. Resolved, That tlpse resolutions be inserted m our records, andacopy sent to the bereaved jamily, and a copy to the Woman's Exponent for publication'. Mary Baxter ' MAiarTA-NELSO-N.' S. Christson l President. V)., rtu-'k- . I.iii lntla I'.ittfii, l'ay-o- u, Utah Co.. VUih, Mary Horn!, lWijamin, 1't.ili Co., I .'tali. AIlllU i llli'l-iO!DlUCll l liy, Wl'lKTUI., 1 i.wi. Ma. y A. Turner, Wet Jor.l iti, Salt Laku Co., Utah. CarrS" JohnMiii, I.ncm, Hilt Lake Co., ("tad. i r Co., I'tah. . AnnH ThurlT, IMcbtiHd, !, . St-v- ri..... ' ni.. I'tali. M:ilf I! aini, Lajtn, lavlSarah WJiitf. Salt I i k t City, t'tah. Salt Lake City, Uh. Mary KdWar-M.lln l'w.!yii.lil. Salt likc City, I'tali. Ciintf AtxIiTKon, Salt Lake City, t'tah. Salt I.ak City, I'tali. M.iry lii.Ull' r:rl. Sail City, t'tah. li'K.'laiii!, Oni'l.la Co., Id.ttio. Kiuily Li.-li . lll'f, and more holy sphere, our Society. Resolved, That'we conWle with the bereaved husband and children anNl extend to them our lth, . Whereas, Sister Harson our beloved President has been called from our midst to a brighter emulation of every OBSTETRICS Second South Street, :W.5. Special arrangements mcJe when Telephone counties send more than one person. The following ladies from the doctor's classes have passed successful examinations before tire State. Medical ' Board, and received certificates to practice: her.rc-MMence- . Resolved, That we recognise in her death the loss of a faithful and energetic president, a friend . to the needy and comforter in the hour of trouble, a devoted wife and mother ami faithful Baint. Resolved, That we esteem her labors and devotion to the intereksTOpm, as worthy the mm on Monday. October - OF s be obtained, has. always seemed absurdly' ' xi k-- ; (., ' V ke h, CLASS IN MIDWIFERY DU. KOMANIA B. l'HATT will commence' the winter class in midwifery October 7, l.SOfl. Several situations in small families ftir boanl. n'in! terms to students, cit by the Kelief For further particulars please comSociety. municate with 1)r. Pratt, "Constitution 22; Hld.; Main Str-f, r Salt Lake City, Utah. J Committee. LOW RATES TO THE EAST. -- Prkachint. a natural and suitable thing to n. do. Hanson's sons acted as pall RESOLUTIONS . Mary should look upon life as a gilt of days, only one to le used and improved at a time, as its duties can be done and all its burdens borne,. wife-y-ofte- . - LuV.AHirrn. Fox, Pres't. may, if 'he 'WtWmrJhirnn 'and she wish, marry the sister of his dead 1 fan-so- bject. who had just return Llder George ed from aii Australian mission, gave us an account of his lalors while there and bore a strong 'testimony to the truth of the Gos- From Oxford we proceeded on to our jkjI..several homes, with a feeling of'. comfort and relief to think we hail once again been permitted to do our duty and return home in safety, with many loving' remembrances of our faithful sisters. nt, Karen 1 W 'continued our journey after bidding nfood live to' Hrothcr Nelson and the: brethren l To the memory of our beloved prvik Hanson, who departed this life May 12, iSV,. in Albert. Denmark,. baptized' born Feb.. 3, mar-- . fattfes Hanson. March 0, to. Peter. Hanson April. '2j, 1853. She left .her native land 1854. While crossing the plains he buried her husband and two children, one aii infant a few days old. In 1X56 .she was .married to James Hanson in Salt Lake City.'' At the" time. of the move, came to Spanish rork, and was called to be a counselor inthe first, organization of the Relief Society in the 4th Ward of Spanisli Fork, 1S5S, until 1875, when the several branches were merged into one Society, she was chosen presiding teacher, and was ever faithful and at her po4 lor fourteen years. 'When, the Society was aain divided into four wards in 19 ir" she was chosen I'resident of the 4th Ward Association, which office' she held until the time of her death. She was a faithful Saint a,nd mother in Israel in word and in very deed; no sacrifices-watoo great for her to make for the Gospel's sake." She had six children by her second marriaee, four of whom survive her, two sons and two daughters andlwenty-on- e n grandchildren. Sister Hanson with Brother honored the principle of celestial marriage in a patriarchal family with love and devotion; with humble diynity and honor to herself. She was a noble representative and exponent of the princir ul . Coffin's. ... v. rs- Mks. Lyle-MStansiiuky, of Denver, Mrs. and M. Oougar, of Lafay- -' Helen Col., ette, Ind., were among the speakers at the National Silver Convention at St. Louis. It is reported that Mrs W. G. White of Durango, Col.,: was in attendance as a delegate-atdargfrom, that State. Mrs. Gougar proposed to organize a Woman's Silver League. . e . . This managers of. the Centennial at Cleveland, 0,-- setJuly 28, apart for women, who began their program at mine o'clock in the Armory. ,4Phlauthropy,' was the topic discussed at ten o'clock,. Among the speakers was Mrs. Mj Schwab, national council of representing the women. At Jewish eleven o'clock 'Household Economies" was the topic; Mrs, Helen One Cnmpbell was the principal speaker. o'clock was club hour,, and many women prominent in women's clubs, made short At 12. 30 Mrs. May. WTight speeches. Sewall discussed the domestic effects of the higher education of women. Womer. active in club aiid philanthropic work from all parts of the country, were there,, and the. a notable one. , , 7;.i gathering-waRkv. Anna H. Shaw delivered a lecture on a recent Saturday night at Los Angeles, the proceeds of which are added to the fund, for the relief of. Mr. Pluebe Couzins. The collection netted '"-:-. , - 4 Your attention is directed to the exceptionally low rates in effect this coming season to nearly every prominent point in the East. Never before has such an excellent opportunity bt en afforded for a Summer Vacation Tour, or for below a visiting friends in the East. We mention tew 01 tne piaces-- to whicn Kfeatly-reduc- ed rates have been made. The UNION PACIFIC is the line that will .Rive you the best service to any of these points. Chicago, - 111., - One faro for the round trip. KattOne fare for the round trip Jtate July 7. July ISnfTalo, N. Y., .phi 12.00. Washington, 1. C, July trip.. Milwawk.-fWis., July Omaha. Neb.,. July fcrtiflrah' plan. , Uafe-O- Rat. lfi-1- Rate-O- ne 21-2- St, ImiK Mo Oiu;iha, , Ju'y 22. Rato-O- iuuai-ir,-24- Cleveland, Ohio, AiJgiist.23-30- the round trip. . fare for the round On fare f..r the round trip. d and fare on one-thir- fare for tho round trip. far for th round Rate (Probably) one faretrip. rio Rate-O- ne . . no . . fr Milwaukee, Wis., Aii. Rate One fare for the rounc .rip Rate-O- ne St, Raul, Miri., Heptemler fare' for the round trip (In K)ine caMw less). For full hifonnation as to dales of wile and limit of ticket-tim- e of trains, etc., call on City Ticket Office 201 Main Street. I. R CULKY, G. A. p. I). D. s. TAGGART, T. P. k 2.f-2- 4. R.K. THOMAS Removed t6 48 and 50 Main St SALT LAKE CITY. s to-be"'-- Snoo. " . .''' . , .'""'. The Leading Retail Cash House , R.K.THOMA.S 