7 3 lr) 7- - ITA Rights of the Women of Zw?i and the Rights .of the Women of ah Nations. Vol.. 25. SALT LAKIC CITY. UTAH, SIU'TiaiUKR 1V1896. CONTENTS: Gail Hamilton. Woman Know Thyself Lllis R. Shipp. , Ladies' Meetir'g A. IC." Crane Sec. Items From Paro wan T. Hyde, Watson. Message From Deborah." U. W. I C Ellis R. JFhipp, Sec. Leaves From My Journal Kim. The Apostle Teter Wept Zion.s Convert. Euitoral: Ellei Curtis Spencer Clawson. Woman's Day At Saltair. Editorial Notes. . R. S I'oetrv: Spirit Whisperings--!-:The .Soul's Vision iJiura-- Spencer Porter. Dawn--Stua- rt Steine. The Conqueror Bessie ' Chandler.' , Semi-Monthl- y ;' " . . death until her illness of last year, and it is thought her untiring devotion to the work was instrumental' in' bringing about that prostration. Since the illness that came on so suddenly in the Blaine mansion in Washington, Miss Dcdge has lived very ' quietly, in her old home at Hamilton, Mass. Gail Hamilton was a" frequent contributor aln '. Return thou to thy work.'' . 1 ' Once more O Soul, look forth, and now What seest thou?." "I see," the Soul replies, With saddened eyes, of peaceful sky." 'Beyond the hills It is a signal; and the time draws nigh!" - the-stretc- SPIRIT WHISPERINGS. ..Mr. Blaine's biography from the time; of his "Again, O Soul, look forthand now ..What seest thou?" y "I see' the Soul replies, With tired eyts, "The aged mountains stretched; along the west. would leave my work to seek their rest;. The breath of pines would cool the dusty noon." "Stay yet!'' life Cries; "would t thou .give up so soon? h low-hun- g 7 Disturbed, the Soul looked forth, and now, With troubled brow, fain would stay!" she cries, With earnest eyes; ' What matter that in yonder western sky The moon's pale finger curveth beckoningly? Unfinished is the work, O darkening wst. I am not ready yet to take my rest; I still would stay and work!" , r-eh-anrinr, ofl-flai- will n Hamiutun, Aug. j Miss Abigail Dodge (Gail Hamilton), the famous author, died tonight at her beautiful home, from the effects of a paralytic shock. Too Found in our journey through life, Pain, sickness, "sorrow and parting, The cares of the world and its strife, Without these sweet silent powers, Leading us into the light. Like the fragrance of the llowers And breaking of day-aftnight. In the still haunts of the midnight, The silence of dawn's purple haze, Through busy cares of the daylight, We list with a silent amaze To the voices whispering to us, Our spirits truly commune, A Presence seems to imbue us Like the joys of roseate June. That power oT infinite mercy Guiding all mortals 011 earth. Leading through life's fitful journey. To the goal of Heavenly birth. The whisperings ol angels, and loved ones, In that fair mystic beyond; , voice of lie infinite Father, The To whom our feelings respond. er "The Valley of Death," during, the hot weather broke her strength. Miss Mary Abigail I ) od ge-- w r i te rbkh grapherand controversialist, widely known under the pen name of Gail Hamiltonwas a native of the town in which she died, having been born 111 the year iSo. At the age of ten years she went to Dr. Clark's private school iu Cambridge. She was graduated from Ipswich academy at the age pi 20. At the age of. 2 1 she went to Hart-- , ford as assistant in the- Hartford '.high school. She refused to take the customary examination, but was given the position without doing so. She was also instructor iu physical science in this school for several years and was subsequently governess iu the family of Dr. : Gamaliel Bailey of Washington D . - C.,- - editor of the -- National : Era, to which pper she became a con- : ' E. R. S. THE SOUL'S VISION. : "O Soul, look forth, and tell me now r What seest' thou?" "I see," the Soul replies, With eager eyes, The morning meadows full of blossoms rare; I fain would pluck what is so wondrous fair. May J not put this tiresome work "away?u 'Not yet," Life cries; "full long the summer's day. Return thou to thy work." -- ' colleges and universities'' are being ivisTtoTirof-th- e world, let us not overlook a school for women wherein they can obtain a knowledge of themselves and the great scientific laws that govern their physical organization. This, indeed, should be made a point, of every woman's education to fully, qualify her for the crowning mission , of life, that of motherhood. The old maxim "Man know thVself" is equally applicable to woman. The ideal education "fits and prepares a woman, or man either, for the practical duties of life. Therefore, they should make a serious study of life; its origin from its very incipiency, that intricate problem which jjcan ojilybe "solved by inspirational genius; indeed she should go back of this and consider well tributor. the potent influences of heredity; its bear- ' , In 1865-67she became one of the editors ing upon the physical, mental and moral of Our Young Folks, a magazine for Childdevelopment of posterity. Of hygiene she ren, published in Boston. From 1870 un- "'should be a very master. She should study til a little over a year ago she had lived well the constituent elements of "air, food most of the time with her cousin, Mrs. and drink, xlothing and exercise, their James G. Blaine, iri Washington. vIu the ' chemical a'nd organic properties and their course of this daily contactwitluthe Blaine physiological effects upon the human or- family, Miss Dodge was led into a' ganizatiqn. If the mother recognizes the friendship with Mr, Blaine,and at the rformal standard, how readily' will her death of the latter she became his literary quick eye detect any deviation therefrom; executor, having posessipii of ajl Jiisi.'pa pers: when simple remedies promptly applied and documents of value to her as his author- - . Zwilllolteu pre vntmore-jrotracted-au- d ser tzed " biographer. She was engaged, as ious maladies. These . subjects shoiitd en-lrequently. as her. liealth would permit, on gage the attention of every woman, what- . , j ; i . . In these days when schools, seminaries, - ; , WOMAN KNOW THYSKLP.. . - .'. -- much work in mailing her last book, . By Laura Spencer Porter. Mass., l York-'-paper- GAIL HAMILTON. . ' : i How poignant would be the' angui.ih . Rest,-Woo- -- How futile would be all effort, How weak the power of speech, How vain our bravest endeavors, Great aims "we never could reach, Without our Father's assistance To climb the wearisome hills. To cheer, to comfort and strengthen i to prominent maga.tnesrand'herpub!ishcit works written in a witty and aggressive2 style, consist largely of selections from her contributions. Her books include Country ' loving and Country thinking, Gala' Days; New Atmosphere and Stumbling Blocks,. Skirmishes and Sketches Red Letter Days in Applethrope and Summer Gathering, Woman's Wrongs, A Counter Irritant, Battle of Books, Woman's Worth and Worthiness, Little Folks' Life, Child World, Twelve ' Miles from Lemmon, Nursery NooningsSermor.s for the Clergy, First Love is Best, What Think Ye of.. Christ? Our Common School System, Divine Guidance, 'Memorial to Allen W. Dodge and Unsuppressible Book. In 1SS7 she wrote a series of letters on civil service reform for.a Nev Letters on a wide range of public questions written for the Boston Journal were widely copied throughout the Hinted States. Miss Dodge's one novel, birst Love is Best, had not the success which attended some of her other works. Life cries. "The meaning of yon moon Is that the day is o'er, the night comes soon. Put thou aside thy work." low impotent, feeble and weak, Woujd frail mortality be, I low unfit to cope with the world And its stern reality, ' Without divine inspiration To lead and gnide us aright; To prompt each impulse and action, Endow with superior light. I No. s. e very-clos- -- . ; 1 