WUM hi j1 effect-&ij!SjjJvmi- transpired,. -- and ..wrought ihcr wI O V i U iop!e aud its ' " . . PimiISHKR '.WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ' S ir IJakf. City, Utah. . Ut-ih- a zconl-clatiratte- i. Salt Lakr Citv "Octohkr i, rK96 old-time- AMONG THK PINKS. Up among the pines in the Ceeur d' 'Alenes is a good place, to rusticate if one is "the forest weary and needs repose; brought to mind' forciblym primeval'' that land of woods and solitude. Journeying through the mountains in the beautiful A ..(..-.I, ii'liMi tlir Krinlit rrilMrc beein to show wherever the 'frost has touched the leaves, and the great pines that never change but are' ever green sigh and moan in the soft breeze of September, is I th-onl- pre-vailni- - tru-ihi- n - 'muirr- - the-opportunit- Republic of the United States. In three of these states women now have" equal" suffrage and. are privileged to vole on, all subjects even forpresidential' electors, and every woman should volevher conscientious .convictions, because of Uhe great repm-i-bilit- y which the subject involves. Women who have looked forward and anticipated taking part in governmental matters have argued that woman's influence in poHtics dence. would be for the betterment of the c Women have been given the franchise in of society public and private, and has been ac- this hour of need undoubtedly for a wise now that this corded them, it behooves every individual purpose. The spirit that' wrought upon woinan to stand for the right and know for the great women of the nineteenth century, herself, all that it is possible to comprehend to urge the claim of equal suffrage was just of the affairs in which she is called to take as much from the Almighty, as that which part. All the questions before the people inspired Washington or Columbus. It was in thn interest of the great cause of freedom in this campaign seem to be of vital importance and prove beyond a doubt that the and liberty of conscience; and no power nation is bordering upon some great change, Hs ever given to the children of men which ever party comes into power, all the j without responsibility, therefore iu confer forces of activity iu the great 'commoning upon women the right of suffrage, wealth afe keenly alive" to the practical" and ; there js. a corresponding responsibility, economic side of the great questions, and and women will not be altogether excused other matters0 "and influences must bide (any more fhan men) if this duty is not until these are adjusted, so the great leaders faithfully and conscientiously fulfilled, Would that it were possible to conAnd therefore of both parties are saying. the small part women can take in political vince; by any force of reasoning those affairs is looked upon as insignificant ex- - who are so indifferent to the public' weal, cept in so far as swelling the number, of and even to the conditions that prevail around them in their own locality. How v voters on one side or anxious tender mothers are that their of this In consequence very feeling ' have not been as, energetic in children should grow up pure, how can e w hole atmosphere outside coming forward as theynirtEerwise-hav- they when-thbeen; they have not taken the pains to their own' homes is filled with impure and j " ". m-ditio- ns great-privileg- has-bee- e ! : - . ; , I I the-ntne- ! r. , per-,.-ha- 7 g never has been a time when greater, wisdom was needed 'in the exercise of the franchise than the present, no't only' 'any-means- e, -- ,, ouroVTT"Stat.e buthrtTUtrKtrttt-th-L' he . them. They have queer notions of their own, a bond of fellowship, if one may be allowed the expression, strong and enduring; many of these miners have ended their lives in their lonely g cabin in the hills and are buried under the pines, and the sighing and moaning of these, kins ot tut clmcd 'er are the !' f?st think that no one to their. graves. Sad mourns, or it may be having waited "for tidings, when none came, have lost all heart while the poor wanderer far from his home and loved. ones dies neglected and alone. in y h-t- There the . d. " WOMEN IN POLITICS. - . raw-material,- : I one cannot help growing sentimental, however practical one may otherwise be. It is certainly a beautifulcountry as far as scenery can make it picturesque, and there aie many romantic incidents to help one's, fertile imagination if one hears" the tales of the miners,th mountaineers aud the "old mountains of pine andTaTsTm beautiful as they are, do not form the only the outside is not attraction by the most desirable except. to the poet or enthusiast, it is the shining metal that runs. in veins or is; deposited in little pockets far below the outer surface that appears so desirous to the eye of the tra veler;' deep in the recesses of these vast fastnessej the precious ore lies buried that is only obtained by ' patient toil of the pick, the shovel, and the brawn and sinew of man. All through these grand old" hills one sees , here and seeking there, the sure signsof the miner the hidden treasure of which- - men are so greedyjn this day and. age,- - and which treasure brought to the surface, and to the mint and the market, bythose hardy sons of toil; "some have amassed fortunes there, and many more have sunk their all, little or much, as the case might" Nevertheless be in these holes in the hills it is a wonderful country nd has a strange history, very much of 7it yet unwritten. There is much in itdelightful and also pathetic, much thatis rude and wild and " uncanny " perchance, but If one were inclined to the weird and sensational there is the material with which toxvveave fiction if one had sufficient originalityol style suit-- . able to the theme. Indeed it Ms tempting to one given to a vivid imagination to undertake the task7uanikei.R.udj:ard; Kipling with '"his genius and powerV going into that locality might add vast riches to his stock in trade, by visiting the Coeur d'' Alenes and seeing aud hearing the variety -" 1 - stacer&" . old- - for-the- primaries as it. was their- dut r1i and vote there, ; many Tt them thini ahaid ot being-- , lug it unnecessary aridtmicrs taxed with boldness or a', lack of womanly 7' modesty;- - but when great issues are 'at stake' such as seem imminent at the present time one must consider the well being o: the community and the best interest of the remarks or people, mtjie than " sareabin, or even. their own private feelings in' tue matter. Men may argue that question now, or the paramount one tinauciarquestion and' wolaen know so little oi it m a public sense banks and banking or capital and labor that their bal-- ' participation except in casting' their luts is of small consetiuence, but women should exercise all their powers' for the pro motion of peace and tranquillity, and exert to the utmost a moiai and uplifting intiu-enclooking towards a hopelul outcome ot the problems that seem now so difficult of lution. Instead of love a peaceiul o? aiisortof Vr uintyiiTlIi versity-o- f opinions or views, dissension aud seem much more prevalent. In a great "measure this may be modified by women, who though suiuewhat diverse in their ideas ot right aud wrong, are naturally peacemakers; and certainly this sort of ele- . meat is needed now, the old maxim or of "pouring oil on the troubled waters," is certainly essential in the present state of political affairs. It is always commendable aud never unwomanly to be valiant in a good cause, and here is and it may require a great deal ot moral courage. Do not be misled with tear A blame, remember strong and vivid qualities are always recognized and claim admiration when the struggle is over, even by one s opponents. Men claim that women are too emotional to be of any practical but alter all are men always Use controlled by parliamentary usages? His-- ' tory does not so record their acts. One of our great historians says, "A nation with whom seutimeut is nothing, is on the way to became no nation at all." Women may possibly iurnish the sentiment hi politics, and let us hope ii will be patriotic sentiment at ail events. Aud in face of everything however dark the hour may be, exercise that faith in God and His promises, that will sustain the.droopingr-spiritsand inspire them with confi- womls, t he clear" running these are water, the . lovely lakes-- all picturesque and charming, and together with the mining and the people engaged in the occupation1 of delving or putting up machinery or other necessaries, and bringing suppli? s of all kinds to keep the whole in motion, the fur amusepeculiar, methods resorted-t- o ment and recreation while all is crude a::d hard and 'as it were desohtjf, isolated from all gre,at cities of commerce and manulac-tures- j few resources and little time tcj spend upon culture of mind or manners, methods and habits of "civilization, lonely, yet longing for some change of excitement,' catching at the first nev thing that conies when some new arrival makes an appearance, these early miners, one can scarcely call them settlers, present a phase of character even a type entirely different to the men who have, since come among The. grand ly. Entered at the I'oit Ofue i Sat.L.iie Ctv, i ; ear Editor. hdifrtal Cotrbtr, in Salt I,akc City, Utah. Terras: one copy one Yc.ir. $l.oo;pne copy six mortJi 50 cts. . No reduction made lor clubs Citypip'jrs deliv" ered by mail, eitra for postapc one year, 25 ct.--. Advertising rates: Mich sqiurf.trn lins of nonpr.reU disspice one time, f 2.0; per month, $3 00. A liberal i count to regular advertisers. BuildExponks i oiTice, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution from ing, Mtin Street, opposite Z.C. M, I. Business hours 3 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday, Address all business communications to Published-semi-m.jtith- 1 J: (1 'AiiN lVAn c1ltiat have EM ME LIKE 'J. WELLS, h X rO N E AN ps n e .;' 