WOMAN'S AGRJCyirURAL; COLLEGE." KX FUNK NT. j4' J Mrs. Sally.' Joy White will Y U the ill Economics' hau;ireceived: frojn Agricultual. sakMlpon College of btah the Fourth" Biennial Re- and Mrs. Klizabeth M. Gosse on "Stumbport of the Board of Trustees to the Legis- ling Blocks'." There will also W a paper lative Assembly, and the Sixth Annual upon "The Independent Purse:,' At the t of the ICxperiment Station. last meeting of the Federation, held in The Report gives an explicit statement of Chelsea, one thousand women were present the financial resources of the College, and In iSitf was Ixjrn.on a little Island to the the relations of the- national government south east of Massachusetts, Maria Mitchell, and of the State of Utah to the institution. whose name stands at the head of the list The function of the land-gran- t colleges is of American women in the world of Science. plainly set forth, together with a summary At the age of sixteen she became the pupil of the courses offered and the methods of of her father who was regarded as an instruction pursued at the College. astronomer' of considerable merit; he built The book is beautifully illustrated with' an observatory on the Island (Nantucket) half-ton- e engravings of the different build- audit was here that when only ninteen ings and rooms, and contains reproductions Miss Mitchell discovered a telescopic comet of the pen drawings, of students, showing which was rewarded' by a gold medal from the regular work .of the' class-room- . The the King of Denmark. From this time on pamphlet is an excellent souvenir to send to lier studies gradually brought her into the your friends. It exhibits in a brief and notice of scientists until in 1S66 she was striking manner, the. advantages of higher appointed the Professor.-o- f .Astronomy and practical training offered free m the College. to all Again at the very beginning of this cenCollege qualified applicants. By sending a written request to the tury there came'into this world a woman Agricultural College, Logan, Utah, a copy whose work began even before Queen Harnett Martineau, whose of the Report will be mailed, to any address'. Victoria's. writings on political economy, and the conditions of the laboring classes, proclaimed SNOWFLAKKSTAKK. her an earnest thinker; A-Que- riTrt4lSatiety irrcfinMfel v41W7'r "record or Pttff be published in the stion Tie-por- upon the and and V; ' VVoM'-.rj'OXE- NT ;ur departed ?. Dear, true sister, though her pathway, Has. been strewn with many a thorn, She has nobly won the victory. To her rest shejiow has gone. r ' of God within Iter heart, all her duties light,' ... Now in far happier scenes she dwells, V And walks in robes of white. The-lov- e , Made - 'With those, who like her, kept the faith,.The go.spel light restored, Having gamed the victory over death, Christ our Lord. ThrouglfTt-su- : - s On. happy thought! we too, may gain, The presence 0 our God, If we by strict obedience here, "Hold fast the iron rod." . L. Al-VIK- Ann C. IIirt, Bertosii, , A. Hardman, I' a n xy 11. Jenkins, Fkancis J Committee. j' j iiv-Vass- '''.". ' resolutions of respect. To the memory of Sister Sophia Franks Blood, wife of Brother George Blood 'who died at her residence in American Fork, Feb. 2.1th, 1S96, after a long and tedious illness, she having been sorely alHicted for a numt'er of years. jt, Deceased was born in Leicestershire England, April 2nd, 1S29. 'Baptized by Brother Bailey at Whittick S 48, was marned to Brother Blood to Utah in 1S61. 1S53, at Nottingham, Sister Blood lias always been a faithful Latter-daSaint, energetic in the performance of her duties. She was a teacher in the. Relief Society eleven yearv filling' the position as long as her health would permit, she loved to attend her meetings and especially to sing the sogs of Zion, in which she was very enthusiastic, Her husband, seven ' children and a number of grandchildren are left to mourn tier loss. Whereas; it lias pleased our Heavenly Father to call away our beloved sister to a higher sphere. Therefore, be it reso'ved that we the ofheers and members of the Relief Society while we deplore the loss o: a faithful and energetic worker in the cause of God, we realize that she has gore to reap the reward promised to the faithful, and that it would be well that we should emulate her 1 and-cam- e y Editor Exponent:. you will be interested in the change recently made in our Stake officers. .Sister Ruth Hatch, second counselor to Sister Smith, has been residing in Utah for some time, and has been uncertain about her return so she, sent in her resignation at our conference, Nov. 21, .1S95. Sister Mary J. West was chosen to fill her place, and was sustained at the conference. .. During the past year Sister Smith and her counselors have visited all the branches of the Relief Society in the Stake. They JANET CRYSTAL SHELLEY. Perhaps ill nnder- -t are H"f-evwu-Vr- uur laitn ana prayers are treeiy given in behalf of those who stand at the head of the Relief Society j and we try to be in readiness to aid in any way we can. .That the peace and blessing of the Lord may attend you is the sincere desire of your. sister in the gospel. " , It is with, feelings' of sincere regret that we chronicle the death of our beloved Sifter Janet Crystal Shelley, who"Oeparted this life January 1, 1896, of that dread disease diphtheria, aged 23 . )ears and three months. Sister Janet was the beloved daughter of James and Janet Crystal ar.d the wife of Brother Amnion Shelley, beloved by all within the circle ' f her acquaintance. A true wife and mother and a faith-lu- l friend. Her sudden departure was a shock to the community, as she had been but a few days prostrated by the loss of her little daughter Geneva by the same disease, only a week Pkt.t. v FlSTf " - May the Lord comfort the doubly bereaved hus- band and the sorrowing parents, and give them strength to say Father thy will be done, knowing that she has gone where .there is no sorrow nor hrourning, that she has filled her- - mission and Com. v . gone home with honor. rection with the just. Resolved, that we extend our sympathy to the bereaved husband and children, and earnestly pray that God our Father- will let his Holy Spirit comfort and ble.-- them in this their hour of trial and bereavement. Resolved, that a copy of these" resolutions be sent to the bereaved family, one be " published in the Woman's FxroNEnT.and one be piac d on our records. s Mary IN MEMORIAM. Sarah Jake Richards Perkins was born The New England Woman's Tress Association jave a charming reception to Mrs. Harriet Prescott Soofford. at the Parker House, Boston, on Thursday, March 1?, from 4 to 6 ,P.4M. It was a very interesting' occasion, Frokex Maria Foi.kksOn, who is the daughter of a Swedish M. P. and who held the degree of candidate of medicine the other day took her degree as licentiate of medicine zX the Caroline Institute, Stockholm. She is said 1 to be'the third woman doctor in Swedei : . public meeting of the Massachusetts federation will be, held in Watef-tow- n by invitation of the onA.pril Women'sr Club. TThe subject Watertown . . . - .. . r Abby J. McCutcheon, president of the Nbrumbega Club of Charlcstown, is chairman of the committee of; arangements. Mrs. Ellen A. Richardson will present the 4ms and objects of the Woman's Business The next . -- ? ! H A. Lvans, llln IX Emma Fe K SARAH JANE RICHARDS PERKINS NOTES AND XJvWS. in Carmarthan, Carmarthanshire South Wales,.Jariv .uary 13th, 1833, was baptized by Benjamin Jones in the year 1848, emigrated to America, in 1S50 crossed the plains to LJtah in 1S52, was married 'to William L. Perkins Oct. 27U1, 1S53, was the mother of ten children of whom there are eight and one living; she has child.-' . great grand Resolutionsf respect adopted by the officers: and. members of the Pieasant Green Relief Society"to the memory of our beloved Sarah hwie Perkins who departed this life freb. 15th, ConinTitteeT , atii erston e J CtrATrrn CONFEREXCE OF THE X. A. W. a A. Continued ) KK.MARKS BV MRS. EMMA J. MCVICKER Delivered at the Assembly Hall, May 14, tbirty-fivjgrand-cLildr- - Whereas our Heavenly Father in his wisdr-rfhas'seen fit to take from our midst our beloved Sifter Srirah Tane Perkins. Be. it resolved that while we bow in humble suumissicn to the will of him who doeth all things, well Ve do recognize in her death the severe loss of a faithful energetic and efficient teacher' in our society a true friend to the needy'a comforter in the hour of trouble, a devoted wife and mother and a true Latter-da- y Saint, we also recognize in devotion to the cause of and farthful labors her Zion, an example, worthy of the emulation of each member of our society. Resolved that we sincerely sympathize with her' bereaved husband William L. Perkins her children and friends in the loss of a falthrul wife, a loving mother and sincere friend. t " . ; ' Jladies and Gentlemen'. I wish to say a few words to show why. I am in favor suffrage. I have had a little experience in voting; have voted On the first occas- twice in this Territory. 's U W VVIVWi UilVll lX IUV lJ was an. there as of nature part earthquake that evening. However ray mind was not at all disturbed as I did not experience any .more difficultyin going to the polls to vote than in going to the Post Office or Bank; or in transacting any other.. business which comes within the province of woman. My conversion to.woman's suffrage Was brought about .by my connection with charity and reform work. I find that most of the reform work in the world is carried on by women, asfmen do not seem to have faith L . i. k V ; XJ LX . 