I : Frances, was pickiiig up an education, better than classical culture, andjal iyd per and spiritheeamea cym - . . . ' !irUaVel.a.ii(Ltheu.umr i wild tract vsuncv ami iname a aawfc- ncn:au;.aum.i 'uwmhi ir may, a v rem-i w ii om A i the evolution ha,! iMw ft Uerv 0 Nicer i ruin" i .ic k i ca c r.",'""''v.Mrft'w',-aV lib anil oi made an exile property She was a shy, silent qhild, never speak- - known only to the , , v s MT. tu may uuemvm a.huanc country quick regarded as 1ii5i,dlHi2WeT;;aUd.ta.tJierio i:ig 1101 mae mm ncn ana uie task ui him :h$$CZJiz isd3jCuvYft ''anevteaav. wit. Dr. uuine y's caU wsitionXs peculiar, he belonged by birth in the mountains, this' man by his letters, providing" tor the family lell utwi his wife. and fortune to the middleclass.yet few nobles directed, formed and educated her. In 7S7 in 79 "Camelia" vvs published in five r volumes .bringing the author a handsome mixed under theTiameuf Grafton, a could assemble in grand palaces, varied and distinguished' guests as nocked havihg been found ..who woukWtake the .sum of money, but no increase of fame. In ivSo2 (eneral I) Arblay having given in to his house night after night. He had risk Mi.s Burner's first work "Ivvelina" his allegiance to Napoleon.he was reinstated 20 and the won Johnson's heart by praises of the was published, she secured :.. 1. ii. ..i 1.iJucK.7 iu ..i.-m cuneu jaiiK-au- u netted loved rrauce, lie Garrick David 5000. publisher Knglish Dictionary. to Paris where Madame The novel wasan immense success. The moved his family' him and Maeaulay gives a charming picture lived ten years. Coming back t(j book had nothing- but its own merit to D'Arblay of Garrick in the Burney Nursery exhibit' in , unwas the public-fayorauthor into it amusei8r4,publishedttThe3Vranderers' England his' for the all of push mimicry power ing ' little .Burneys, shuddering and known for weeks, nothing was talked of in .1832- published the memories of he ment saw a ' ghost, scaring but ..'Evelina'1- - it found its way to" tables father and died Jan 6th, 1840.. She crouching as never before polluted by a novel when it eight years old. them by raving like a maniac and then beMadame D. Arblay s fame rests upon her sweep'or" became known that a shy, silent girl coming an auctioneer, had fiction of that the best work, earlier works, her later publications lower an old woman and making them laugh 'till of death Smollett the' since the the tears ran down their cheeks. her reputation. Her style under went a appeared was went author the world ' At the Burney tea table . could be found literarywild, gradual aiul most pernicious change, aiid foremost writer of the called the ACoIman, Twining, Ilawksworth, Reynolds, day, Maeaulay says in literary unexampled classical book its .took in the men place among jBarry and the most notable England, history shev took a bad style to France, she '.. rrnmirnl un At mrW this literaturerN nprfnrrnthat; time hp snran5r f'minpnt (t ibrought back a worse one, during the last Mrs. beautiful close with Italian the of The Thrale, forty years of her life the public knew but singintimacy ts greatest age. es who visited England regarded his. then at the height of her power and pros little of her but at the announcment of her kiticisms as fatal and exerted themselves to perityJohnson who never had noticed death a thrill ran through many air English Ibtain his favor. Rapacious sinerers who Frances when taking tea with her father, heart" as they thought of the little brown never opened their mouths to sing an air, grew very proud of her, and began by pathaired girl, that launched her bark so fearless than fifty pounds, sang night after" tingTier on the head, raising her hand to lessly upon the troubled literary waters of night for him- without a fee. . Thus did. the his lips, but soon he clasped her in his huge, fiction so ihaiiy years ago and sailed s7 arms arid implored her'to be a gocd girl. Burneys give nightly concerts, without bravely. from her moorings out into the dtefy Miss head was never turned by without nautical rules, chart or compass.'ai'.d those of "the nobility Burney 's had her won, she seemed forgetting to use plummet or line drifted in to genius upon these occasions the quiet street where the flattery he lived would be blocked .', with coroneted to enjoy it only for, the happiness it shallow French, waters but neverthe!cs and her chariots and the little drawing room packed Father family Crisp. upon bieaking the way for brains that have given se a wrote SheTiext We "The and ambassadors. getrt-glimpwith peers comedy us Mansfield Park Jane' Eyre John HaliWittiugs," of one of these evenings, with the but Samuel Crisp wiser for her than he had fax DanielDeronda and the Heavenly little house picked with the titled people of been for himself read the manuscript in Twin T! .. i . n A. the realm, the great lion of the evening, the his lonely home in theSurrey hills and told mighty Russian ambassador, Count Orloff, her she had failed, the comedy was never whose'glgantic figure, blazing with jewels, brought out and never printed "Cecelia", "OS UCCESS WH AT A TR IUMPH?' while his head, brushed the ceiling and the was published in' 782. Miss Burney was Burney children, whispering in the corner then thirty and clouds were gathering thick Tjie W. S. A. of Parowan held an exand behind his back with mingled and fast around her, she was called to the ultation meeting tlie evening of the se vent!. lTorror,V'tliat he was the favored death bed of her best friend; Father Crisps t- -ri mc of rejoicing- The' lover oi his august mistress, that he had and returned to the bedside of Johnson who was filled to o'er flowing, as it genwon tlie phief part in the revolution to had Ji)een struck with paralysis and lovely ;ftuse is at the meetings of the W. S. A. which shel owed" her throne, and that his Mrs.. Thrale had gone down in darkness., erally The room was neatly decorated - fcr the ochuge hanqs now glittering with diamonds, worse than death. Frances found a friend casion. After the opening exercises yellow had given jtheTlast squeeze to the windpipe in .Mrs.. Delany, a lady of noble family ribbon badges were passegV to all present. of her unfortunate husband." living under the patronage of the Ioyal The program consisted of speeches, songs, Frances ivas small in figure, plain in face family. While visiting her one morning, a music from the orchestra band. Many were and n6t one'pf lier father's guests dreamed stout gentlemen with a star or hisbreast called on for sUirUs-or-tr- x meornrof- hex keen sense of the followed by a lady entered unannounced. their feelings on this joyful occasion,-ai- l ridiculous she was laying up, to be given to A child playing on the floor set up a cry of ' r the world, through works of fiction in after "the King" and 1 scampered for a royal responded: One year. and three elapsed It was the King yof Ingland,( since the. years. As soon as she could Use her pen. caress. first organization was. .effected in 'she began writing little stories taking off Mad George the third and liis wife ()ueen Co. We have.rapidly advanced her father's guests, that she would read for Charlotte. Miss Burney was presented Iron the amusement of herself and sistersr - and the Royal pair conceived a great fancy been profit with pleasure.. Have often told that pur ineetings were behind, When she was. .fifteen her father married for her. His Majesty bnfided to her, that none in the territory! Rosseauhe again, then trouble began i n the B urney Voltaire was a monster. This is largely 'jowing to Jour leader. camp. The new mother discovered that better but was there ever such stuff as her stepdaughter wras a scribbler, there snatspeare "only One must not say so." Who,mailed in all the dignity'of her bravely meets the unceasing opposition. followed lectures!' and scoldings andafter a Franceshecame faseinate'd bytheseattentions: now mat we are m a new. world let us not a struggle FatinyJ yielded and made a bon. and Shortly after accepted the office of fire 01 all her manuscripts, after this she "Keeper ; of the Queens' robes." The disband. But in the streng!hof ouninion, live to advance the race. Be minute, wo kept a; diary and corresponded largely with Edinburg Review contains a violent attack men, and ever survive for the right... ' tke man who did Tmore to form her niind and McMilhan lets losse all his sarcasiru3 " thaiX iilb others." this court movement. He writes that it J M. L. Sam uel Crisp was an old friend of her was a complete separation from family and ParAivan, Jan. 15th, 1896. ' before s was she born He was friends, that she might as well have father years a bright star in the most splejidid cireles of to Calcutta or to jail for libelrthat the gone foreMiss Francis Wizard writes:' V The Eonuon, of eas"y fortune, well connected, most writer of the British isles lays aside cry of hufnanity is, Eet the Red Cross enter polished manners, and rare her pen and for the next five years employs Turkey! No other means is left to us by personal charms his taste was sought in her talent in sticking pins mixing snuff which we can help our starving brother-an- d literature, music, painting, architecture'and and answering a waiting woman's bell. In sisters in that country. It is an.oppor-tunitsculpjturer but in an evil hour, he set up for 1 79 1 , Miss Burney worn in bod y and an author, wrote . a tragedy in , five acts mind handed in her resignation and greater, more sacred, and more perwith emptory than that was of course a failure lost his tem- - the greatest difficulty got it any that has come to a phi I accepted. She antnropic society since history began. L f W3i&ymVt ' unle.su;VJo.lueAvith j - 7 : 1 1 j . - s--j book-selle- i " ; : 1 1 1 - of-th- e if-h- wa-eight- e , had-prpduce- d 'ney -- , . . -- . " - con-fere- d -- T . ! 1 . admira-titm-air- d -I-.t;wjas-a-eneni - -- . Joflie-mateftalT-vi- -- th . gath-ePn- & TTt-p-H call-iri- g . ; : - .well-educated- , y ' y 