rT - 't liaii-anhave also .been purchasing new goods, and, the pidy??fVct ancient equestrian slaUie'isT Crossing one going trrrrn ' desirous oPthe are very, patronage of tUtr. fof Marcus Aureiius. On the riht open window, .we had a fine view, and ladies. 1 he. store makes a speciality of its palace of Mie Consvrvatoii," on the left the breathed in Hie' delicious .odors from the Museum ol the- Capitol, .both designed by gardens of the Pope; the walks were broad millinery and of burial clothing; The sisters t)f the Relief Society and others would Michael Augclo. The Palace o'"the Sena-do- and lined with flowers; there the "Orange do well to call before purchasing elsewhere, is 011 the site of the Tabularn m, a buildand citron grew, the grounds were so as it is hojed the store will W a success ing used tor the state Archives, and is a beautiful and bright, we judged he must even though the times are a little hard. 'combination of the vaulted nnjf anil the pass much time in them and" hoped to catch arch; the fountain .at? the foot is adorned sight ol him, but they told us,- now, he is , with .statues of the the Tiber seldom seen there, leing too feeble; his ami the Nile. Tne tower contains the great kitchen garden (as they call them in U. W. P. C. bell, rung only to announce, the carnival, or perfect order, and every. good . . , L rcsjonse to the kindly invitation of the death of a.Poje. thing growing. In all the rooms we're artists busy; I Mrs. Rachel Miller, the members of the Descending on the south side, we reach the Roman Forum, 'an 'open place where .lingered near one who seemed fond of . Press Club met at her residence, July 31. Courts-werheld. The street "Via Lacra"" copying Fra Aifgelico's celestial creatures; 1896 'President K. .II. .Wells called-th- e ineeting to order and prayer was offered by divided the Temples from the public marthey are gorgeous in robes of gold and ' 'Me ket 'place. Mr. V. gave us a lecture green, in gold and scarlet with radiant Mrs. Li zie Wilcox. The roll vas called and presence signified by "poetic sentiments. upon Roman Arclucology, beginning with wings, their faces turned heavenward, and Lengthy minutes of the interesting June Ancient Rome and the Hellenic Period, holding trumpets and shown sometimes until the present .time. Knough of the seem to be sounding the MisHe is .meeting were read and approved of the of. to ruins the remain tell the only artist, so an Italian told me, who cellaneous business being next in order the splendor remains massive stone are there ..1 the completion of paybuildings; paints on a gold background; he with president of the erected orator's by Julin.s Raphael and Murillo, are called the "Paintment to the Federation, and proposed the is the the name' of Mrs. Mary J.. Lambert, and Mrs. Casar, facing Temple of ers of Heaven" but Angelico's required Capitol , near which" Cesar had erected a study ere 1 saw their extreme beauty. We R. vS. Miller the name of Martha Miller as members of the U. W. P. C.' The motion new oratorical tribune; fromthis tribune at passed rapidly along the Sistine Chapel, was put and carried. In accordance with the funeral of the murdered dictator,.. Mark built in 1473; it is 133 ft, loui.r and ,45 ft. wide. The side walls are adorned by such, our president's oft rejeated wish that our Antony pronounced his celebrated ora" tion. artists as Perugins, Signorelli, Potticelli club should have a critic, Mrs. K. J. We stood where Virginius stood when he a iuL G h i rla n da jo , a I ore n tine; one of hi s was proposed by Miss S.' L. Monroe as critic. The motion was carried killed his daughter to save her honor. We was "The calling of the Apostles on the were deeply interested in Piazza Ara Coeli. Lake of Genesarath." unanimously. The nominee very modestOn sight of the Temple of Jup'ter Capito-lenuThe entire ceiling is covered with the ly expressed thanks for the honor, and said the tradition is, Augustus erected an renowned frescoes of Michael Angelo, be- she would try to exercise discretion in this duty, and desired all to feci free to criticise altar to commemorate the prophecy of the ginning with the Creation of Light, the the critic. 'A discussion then followed on Delphic Sibyl,- respecting the birth of Sun and Moon, Separating the waters from the pronunciation of the word ''program", Jesus. the land, Creation of Adam and Ivve, the " where the of On central the and all were advised to "look it tip." Mrs. flight spot fall and expulsion, the Deluge etc. , the the to the L. D. Alder then read an original poem enflight angels Jessie, Asa, Hsechias, Josiah, Zara- Capitol joins steps leading on these bable, I Iosea and others. On the altar is of the to Church, titled "Left unfinished." President K. Ii. steps leading Wells then read a letter from "Sjtr. H, steps," when, a Pagan Temple, the priests his jrreat fresco "The Last Tudirment'-'i - t, H C) thrust, out Tiberius OracchusJ Anthony advising the Utah uuuicu asto h trnctnaryitciTmia s killed" which : -- A he i r d uiiet 11 t t ingT-ttoccupied him sc. en years. It is Fifteen hundred mob. the Patrician of their holding office. Mrs. I. C. Brown by considered marvelous. All the pictures, become a had the later suftl-rewithentertained the' club Temple reminiscences of years have from' dampness and incense.-My- ' barred the the Christian Church, social priests first impression was disappointment, Washington life, dwelling upon the doors against Rienzi, who died there cover-e:- l but and domestic qualities of President Clevethey handed me a mirror which is by a hundred w'Tnfnds. Julius Ca-saland and his beautiful wife and lovely brought the paintings nearer, and they children. Mrs. L. S. Wilcox, by request, said to have descended these steps on his began to look beautiful and read a poem" written by Dr. On'elle Curtis knees after his' victories in Gaul ar.d Brit-iaThe Loggie of Raphael, are corridors dec'months One could entitled "Friends of the Press Club," The .spend agreeably orated by Raphael and.his pupils, "Joseplf in these ruins. While looking interpreting Pharaoh's-Dreamagnificent meeting was then adjourned Jot one month Raphael ' T Flavian 'The. the at Colosseunr and closed with prayer by K7W. Hyde. great and Ginlio Romano, "Temptation of one of Imperial Rome," Adam and Eve" by the same, "Moses niter mis our nnsiess auu ner lair Amphitheatre " lefresh-meiitfriend me to mattered remarked it What saved from the Nile", "Meeting wof Jacob daughters served most delicious was all that buried this under the splendor and Rachel" by Raphael and other pupils! ' flitting in and out of the brilliantly ashes of Vesuvius?" The Stanza, are a series of rooms with lighted parlors, in their airy summer cosa to be alremem odr tumes, making picture long We returned to frescoes by Raphael; one the most famous, carriages. I am bered. ways interested, in people, during our drives "School of Athens"; all are famous but ' Ki.lis R. Shipi'. Rec'. Sec. the people, beggars and donkeys am use me faded and defaced. It is useless to try and I he streets too are picturwrite minutely of the beautiful and wonder immensely. from ful esque, with jheir washing hanging things wre saw. The Museum of LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL. the windows"; while I would not adopt the Sculpture contains the largest collection of custom, I admire it here. Our destination classical statuary in Kurope; most of the was the Vatican Palace, on Vatican Hill. pieces are Roman copies of Greek originals. Friday, Nov. 22, 1S95- A fte R breakfast carriages were ordered for (The hill notincluded in Ancient Rome.) We were anxious. to see the Apollo Bel- the' Roman Forum. We were to tread the-- The Vatican has lx:en the official residence Laocoon others we had oi" uacn memorable spot, where and palace the Popes since the 15th Century. heard so 'much of, but ve left this and the rums, mulus stood, Tully spoke and Casar felt" The outside does notjmpress one as splen- Ktruscou and Igyptian museums, until, We left the carriages at the Capitol, which did. We secured tickets of admission, another day. The tapestries are fine, is 1 60 ft. above sea level, by the ground passed the guards, (I tab' an solders) whose and the Ancient maps: in Golleria Geog'ra- a. Cordounata, staircase. which in its costume and, hats with feathers drooping hca. 1 he library is .famous. In connecform foot from its dates had tion in over the. right shoulder, I the . library is an immense present w;ith 1536; at only seen are two lions of Egyptian porphyry; at its Opera' or a picture, up the imnieiise flight collection of gems and, objects of art, prehead the colossal statues of Castor and Polof steps to the entrance of this remarkable sented to different Popes. We just, walked lux; beyond these the' sculptures,, "misr building with its i i ,000 rooms, fronting through it, looking only at a few things named" the Trophies of Man us, and. the and inclosing twenty different courts it as it would take months to see all. statues of Coustantine, and ins son, the pontains inuch architectural display in the The Picture Gallery contains choice 'open space here, 4he ancient Intermoun building on the courts, and hrthe interior paintings among which are Raphael's wnere train lirutus harangued the KiopIe ol halls and galleries, and- is noted lor its Xransflguration" and "Madonna del alter the inurder 01 Uesar. In. the center jvvalljiiiitiugs whicli :wc infant are up" in tlie u is-th- e - r - river-gods- lng-landVshow- ' ed ' e key-not- e. it-porte-d -- Ca-sar- Me-A'ick- cr 1 . s, . : - . . -- r-v- ho-so- ug mH -- d - r u. -- m", s, , -- and-som- e . -- J 1 - ' j wer(;4o-.secfirstrFolio"-sheJ1rt'ndl- -- - 