WOMAN'S ' v '.Coinnitndatiojji for the EXPONENT' 1, tKTyfy.lyvJvl' - iuivv. . - 1 ngm, anu ine -, to the wiir Gospel is right, but I shall fight-yotv r of the le leiieficial and will tend to the strengthenend," "rt is a continual warfare, let the Association, spiritually and in a general ing ol the work in hand. .good overcome the evil,' and if .we make and .'way, creating keeping alive lire work this effort we are sure to secure a crown of A ktic l.i; VI Advisory Hoard. in that locahty. She lias able assistants in glory." 1 here shall be an the young ladies of the1 ward, but has none Advisory Hoard conSister Z. I). II. .Young, "we come here the less proven hei self an.'efficient leader. sisting of women of experience to which to partake of the bread of life, there is no all general matters should be referred retpeople who have the teaching we have." to the interests of the association 'Bore aining a testimony to 'the truth of thir. work. R U LKS AXILREG U RATIONS. and of the schools conuectcd therewith. Loved these meetings, sjoke of the good instruction given at Sister Susan Stringam's Article V'II. fee tings. 01' ti 15 utaii kinijK kg a kten asmjci atk j;; . funeral. "There is no dark, shadow, of There shall be a meeting of the officers death for a Saint. ".. President Young said . Article and board of directors, at which the it was those like David that did wrong, only The name of this association shall le Advisory Board may also be. present, once who need fear the valley and shadow of every month at. such time" and place as death. "We left all and came here and the ''The Utah Kindergarten Association." shall be decided upon by., the members of Lord greatly blcfssed us." She was very Article 11. Object. the board. Seven members shall constitute thankful for the association of her sisters. The object of this ' association shall be to a quorum for the transaction of business7 Prayed. that this le a time of red found and maintain .Kindergarten schools and a majority vote of those ' present shall freshing, Prayed, the Lord to bless all. for the benefit of the children of Utah. carry. Sister Mary A. P. Hyde told of the wonderful changes that had taken place and Section- 1. KxecMtive Committee Membership. Section I. Any person or persons recom- consisting' of seven members shall be the many inventions since she was a child. mended by two members may. beco'ie a appointed by the President, who shall meet We now lived in the times that had been transact predicted. We should seek for the spirit of member of this Association by paying an regularly every two weeks-- to annual fee of fifty cents, and. conforming to business and decide such matters as shall prayer, we 'should never cease to pray in our hearts. Many think they are doing come before them to be acted "upon. the rules and regulations of God's service when they fight against us. -: r Section 2. Special meetings- of the Spoke ot the gathering of the Jews. ReArtici.Ii III. Officers. Board of Directors may be called at any joiced that the Lord had blessed her greatly The officers of' this association shall be time by. the President .whenever she 'may "Guard against temptation, if there is a it composed of a board of thirty five directors deem necessary or expedient, or by three weak side Satan attacks us there." Told out of the number shall be elected members of the Board of Directors should how she received the gospel, spoke of the a two a the circumstances require it,, due notice testimony in reference to celestial marpresident, having been previously given to each memriage, and knew it was of God. Spoke in recording secretary, an assistant-recordintongues. A beautiful interpretation was secretary, a corresponding secretary and a' ber by the corresponding secretary. Section 3. There shaP be an annual given by Sister Ziua I), H. Young. treasurer. Theseofficers shall be chosen Sister Home spoke of the number of meeting of the association for the purpose annually from their own. number. of reporting the progress of the work'which young missionaries, many not being over Article IV. Duties. of Officers. has been accomplished, and for the election nineteen years of age, who had been called The president and officers herein named. of officers for the ensuimr year, and for the to the islands of the sen.nndothpr'trirtu uf such Other business as niny she had three grandson's sent to the Satnoan together with "the hntir.Lljtw,, s be brought before the association. be authorized to transact all business perIslands, to preach the gospel, and Sister Hyde also had a young son sent to Germany taining to the association and the schools. Article XM. Amendments . felt that they were where they could Article X. Special Duties. These rules and regulations may be serve the Lord and be preserved from the Section i. The president shall preside-a- t amended;previous notice having been given temptations and trials that were about to all meetings and shall havv a voice in all of such amendment in writing, t6 the come. matters connected with the. welfare of this" president, and presented at a regular meet-- i Sister Clara Cannon'said we were blessed, institution. In the abser.ee of the .ipresideutT n gflflhebaard-6ue-week-beforeT- uliavmg so many sisters to give us in-- theceTresideirrslialTircsTde and K. B. perform struction. We are a blessed band of sisters Wells, such duties as pertain to the office. Donnetta Smith, many of those who were here associated Y. Emeline Wells. with the prophet, and can tell us so many Recording Secretary . things that are interesting about him, testiSection 2. The iecrding secretary or fied that the angels were hrre. Think of her assistant shall keep' a mil of the memLADIES' MEETING. this as a protection against 'eviJ. .We must bers and call the same at each meeting reall have trials, they are blessings in disguise. cording the presence or absence of each of meeting held nithe FourMinutes We should live above noticing trifles. Be member and shall also take the minutes of teenth Ward Rooms, Assembly May humble, live that we may please ourFather. each meeting, and an. account of all money M. President Isabella Heme presidWe need to fast more, to vovercome our received, which shall' lie .submitted, for coring. Singing, "For the strength of the weakness, and be able to risexabove these rections or"approval and duly recorded. hills." Prayer by Elizabeth Webb. Sing- trifles that take up our attention. She was ' Corresponding Secretary And Treasurer. ing, "Let those who would be- Saints." the only one here of her family. Spoke of Sister 'those who desire a blessing the privilege of working in the temple, and, Section 3. It shall 'be-t- he duty of the from the Home,' receive Lord it by meeting tothe goodness oLthe-Lor- d unto her. Guard' corresponding secretary to conduct we need for the blessing adversary and watch over our children continually, the association, lnider7 the gether, is seeking to destroy the people Bishop especially while they are small tha.t they direction of tlie president and perform such Hunter once said feared he the ' lethargy of may not get false ideas before they come to to the office. other duties the Saints, for then the Evil one took ad- -' years of discretion. Prayed that the Lord' .Section 4. The treasurer shall have vantage of them to destroy them. The would give us wisdom to do that which, was allof of funds the association and Lord has said we cannot serve two masters, right. charge shall deposit in such bank as the directors those wlio are not for us are us. Sister Brixon, bore hertestimony, spoke shall designate, and shall pay all indebted- Do right and every good thing .willagainst be given of the powTer we would" have through fastness of the association by checks signed by to those who seek the Lord. It is a time ing and prayer. Gave an instance of her the. treasurer; such bills having been pre- we should be" wide awake."! Some years prayers being answered. The Lord had viously approved by the board of directors. ago she heard Brother Jones of ?rovo relate blessed her ' wonderfully. Spoke of a dream, he described Satan, hp snoke to T. of the administration of the Visiting Schools. llim. and said ''I told vnn tn Imw mv ordinances on her own and her child's cases, Section. 5. It shall be the duty of the ouse" "yes" said Satan "but you never and felt to thank the Lord for it. officers and directors of the association to told m e not to come back a A Sister bore her nestimon v. .said her gain f " spoke of j visit the schools that are; established Satan after saying ; daughter was aised from, the dead, let m .'but- - .uuKii uioie i- - " -- . - - 1 1 1 . . t . i u , ' . . 1 I.t-jVavw- - day-woul- -- . --- An' ' -- the-Associatio- - -- ' - . -- vice-presidents- ," g -- -- tfa-nnactlu- n ) fc - - . : , . SEMI-MONTHL- Y 2nd,-1S9- 6. - thejcor-resrxndence,- of as-pertai- - j : the-efficac- y 1 . - . : j -- 