1 1 ... -- . ..v er. ' ' -- e f j - 7r i' v ,. 1 1 f r . 1 . -- il rv i r--f S. L Shipp, Krc. c. Nou Sec. s' And News. Half A.Cuv Newman, ,Cru-Delunr.t Howe. hi I he tury-JulThornine KLiarson. Ladies' Hospital Meetisi--Zin'Scmi-Month!V. .i Hyde. Sec. R, S.. Report- K. J. Bennett, Sec. In Memo: jam Murt'-nso.'Emma Hurrdws Ann Cook Parsons. Woman's Work And Woman's Fmheivor Frances Graham 'French. . .. For 1 he Blind. ei y Utah-Schoo- , ,to-sh-'d- Then hot-forge- tieart!., t trvd. too jroodto stay,. . Like 5l ni- - hri.dit slsr lie Lads ;!.e way; Hosannal this our son siiall I )i.atii',s.'vvaHo-tuj in- vtcto: y. l . hr-M!- ; r-- -- h-e- FoiToinAL: -- Abraham Ho.k; Umd Cannon. Editorial Notes." . ; Tn .?ernofv Of Oar Beloved Apestk--kPoetry: M..F..".Back Aga'in-- L. M. Hewling-:- . The. Little Head That Ft-iIruie Ackcrimm.- - d .1 " - e R. M. F. . . ' TIIK FARM. l FjiK larin was the hvim c. niv diild- hcod and early youtli, and' it does indeed .cem like a heavenly vision' wlun called to Vet it may he because my'recollecti'jii. makes it seem so of my youth heavenly, for that whieh p'ea-vs.the, eye most and gladdens the heart in youth-iclian:it:f I admit. Vet I think the aed would uol fail to appreciate this farm, when I tell tLciu of the many qualities it IN MFVQRV'OF Ol'R. Br; LOVED I- ; AI'OTLE. - i(H(ii.:i) Cannon, I'knd your !j.:;m!s y- lofty peak"--In satlnes:; l?uw, fair Zi.m "ueei.i; 1o-.- v - " , n () murmur sQhIy,rip:!i.'i strc-aWhen heartVare s.ul too gay you see hi; To fairy (h. d 0! lie away Where stricken mortals nev-e- str.iy. Cease ccat;e your 4 hid refrain, An t tunc yor.f.r.otr sidier straii-ihh the a?id fr"When all aroih'.d'you seer. had. . -- vz-er- i ; ; - Did you not knov that noble rran, .That, true apcwtle t)f the Lamb? Of wh- .rn 'tis said his life was pur Whose absence we must nov"c;idufe. '"" Have ye ne'er listened toihe voice That made his hearers heart rjo:ce?' i -- - - Do ye not heed the widow's tears O Father soothe their coming' years. And guard them wi:h Tiiy loving care, Let hope atnl trust displace despair. The,cliildreo too,: O. Father bless. And clasp them. m Thy fond caress; -May harm or evil never come To offspring of this chosen one. IVjacTi-'us'OXoi- "that we'.-may.'- - j j i -- - j -- , liese z ; j .: My.-grand- j se" Thine hand controls our destiny. Lo! comes' the answer through the vale. From mountain peaks "and flow'ry dale; And e'en the.voices from the tree, Blend with the stream's sweet melody. 'AVe cannot mourn the absent one, ' That such a glor'ous work has done; We know itH'as the AIasters wtllf And joy His washes to. fulfill. ; 5 . - ? -- - , And Father corafort .all Thy saints, And listen to our heartfelt plaints; . ! And care ye .nothing for the she, Whose bosom burns with heavenly fire? But now uml sorrow wriins, He mourns a brave and loyal son. . . , Nor have ye seen the kind'y smile, That showed th 2 heart contained n cruilt Nor heard the lonely widow bless, The hand that brought her happiness? ; -- -- As filled with ciiarily and love, He taught the way3 to God. above. . accordingly this farm was in j;ood coiuiU tion." Jvo irrigation, .plentiful showers of "" raiu in the State of "Xew York. In the first place the fruit which was my delight was plentiful; early apples in July, then fall apples and agaain winter apples., .Cherries and plums and pears,: but no punches hi Montgomery Co;, but plentiful j funhe.1 AcoL, but. strawlienits-nspberffes7" and currants ;' blackbeirits, gooseberries were abuudant, and a variety of. melons j and vegetables of every- kind, ' - Xot only so. but We made our sugar from our maples which was a delightful Our b2QS made our honey, taok to do. our geese furnished us with nice featherbeds, and our sheep with "gtod warm blankets and heavy coverlets, besides good clothing which was sent to the fulling mills to be colored and pressed; it came liome as nice as if' just from the store. joy. This farm also had nice lla:: growing In my youth I could hardly see the use 011 it, with which my grandmother and of gold and silver, except for spoons or a her daughters spun .beaiUiful dijien.lJDur tea po t 01 pi tcher . o r sum e i. fu ru ishiiig for pillow cases were as fine as you would the table. Oh tic. to the farmer iron ls wish to.see, also our table linen, and was preferable for the same, the hammer and dmable; some of it was brought to this the nails, as spikes must be of iron., and all oiithefarmareto valley, The sheets were coarser and also theJmplenrents the coutiterpalies, which wee woven with, a great extent made of iron you know.' Now I would ask if gold and silver Were heavy cords or ribbed forms. etn ot "aci rc ula ti ngm c3i uWlTrEhT?gfoT -j sptin lierself woven in damask form, and the top valence other commodoties, would it be of any sides more worth than the rocks we nave the. j was,. trimmed with netting and also the of the curtains made by her own hands, streets with? I think not, for we read that and also the: top valence of the window the time is coming 'when-- the Holy J' curtains: Our table was well supplied paved with gold. But at this- time, yith milk, butter .and eggs, beside fruit it. is valuable for a circulating medium; let us - 7 use it in wisdom, remembering the words aricl vegetables of every kind, e ; We. had sweet ciderr bottled down to t of our God and Saviorvho said,' if you are. j -f)tir mince pies,-- not faithful to the Mammon of unsyrup wiich was ready-fo- r and also for our "apple" sauce which was righteousness, who will commit unto your : - . - ' grand patents before it came into our liands, and also been the hone, of their well pare ats l.efore this time. The a. farm ;;ee!ed' and acquainted with what -- t-- - . It had previously l;eii the home of my ! son--li;- d; h - And hide ye vales beneath a cloud, While we her chiLln.-- wctp aloud. made in the fall to last all winter. be used for pies if we wished. Hut I must to' tell you that we" made otir own threshing machine. It was a fact. Our neighbors would come and help' thresh and take their pay'"oif the 'farm m grain .and fruit, cider and vegetabh.es, which made their tables as comfortable as ours. Then we could. take a load of graitr and tlricd fruit e tc;y perhaps butter and eggs, to Albany only o miles from our home, and With tlK-s- Could buy silk or crepe oijany nice dress goods one wished to have for an extra occasion; all this without money. And when I think of it I often say in my heart why go crazy because money is not. more plentiful. No, let its have more farms ' and learn how to take proper care of them, for all men are not farmers,-ono, some1 weeds than men will raise a greater crop of anything else. Such persons will do well to raise stock, or learn a trade, then they can earn money and pay the farmer for his provisions if this suits them best. Yes my uncl.es did thisaud I think they worked more "hours than when they lived on the farm and were obliged to be so diligent and faithful. .How vividly do I call to m;nd tin: "joy-and satisfaction of the farm, the home of ' my childhood, although 77 years bave elaned ino that time, the time my grand. father died aftera lingering illness. - Then his sons felt the weight and burthen of these cares, and ' thought it preferable to enjoy a city life, and prefered to learn, a trade that they could handle- money and have a change. .This they did; one chose to be a carpenter, another a blacksmith, and the youngest a coppersmith, and each looked alter their mothers interest. Tins how soon found how they they did, yet slippery money was. It took all they could earn to get 'food' and clothing, with other necessaries to. make life comfortable, and to their astonishment the money went before they were aware of v 50 it seems in only buying the same comforts that they had previously made on the farm I3ut please remember the machinery to make farming so light was not invented at that time, that novelty Ihey did not enThis-..coul- . an.! vvrth,. Ir-j- No. i$96i 1 o An almost perfect !i.;!it That in its rays your f'jet may ' i . ceae-t- In iait'i, uul nidiM-our'::-Va fir a rui.rm.-n- t r ' De-er- HP in grieve, v shall he live," weredeiid "Tljouii yet But join in our triumphal son;;-Tit on".o valiant and .so str n;; ' Dr-a- e ia V v T Yteerrmg morl.ds C.-- Kllis H. U. W I CO. V. S. A'..Cnsu: S-- ' Rights of the Women of Zionx and the' Rights of the Women of ah' Nations. COThNTS: The Farm -- M, hVK. V . SALT LAKK CITY, UTAH, AUGUST ; 1"7 TV T " -, - . City-wilFb- j - ; : . j 7 a-- j -- 