WOMAN'S , -- I scorn the wretch o h"ZS7?? - vyho'li sit with coward smile, , , EXPONENT. . rr - - ; . mw'?)'- "lls A lwHr.vK thine. , My friend may wear upon his name some scars, He found in battle with a world of sin, ; . " -- foj-ms- ! " ; ; ; a better state of affairs. " " . B. Sakaji ; Kaysville, Feb. 2ist. 1896 . , 4 Layton; - THE CALIFORNIA CAMPAIGN"; . At the general election next November, the men of California will have the oppc. . tuuity to iqteupou an Amendment, to the State Constitution, "which, if carried, willto the womeit on equal terms great, we must deny ourselves of the' many give suffrage weak points that are so closely connected .with the men. The resolution to submit and interwoven in our very natures. I be-- ; this amendment to. the voters was passed by lieve of all people in the' world the women" both Houses of the Legislature in' March, 1S95, and signed by the Governor. of Utah have the best opportunity of A joint Campaign Committee, composed what is wanted to bring about of the officers the State Suffrage Associa- a better state of affairs. If tliev will only tiou and the Amendment Campaign Asgo the right way to obtain it, it will never are turning all theirenergies to come by indulging in Jight-anfoolish co : sociation, the end that the GoldeifState may emerge .versation, or in loose habits. I believe from that ejection a' republic in fact as well woman was created for a far nobler purpose and loftier sphere than what she realty is as in name.' Committees for local and State Press Work, Conventions, Petitions, today? But it can only be reached step by Finance; etc., are being formed, and the1 step. By abstaining from everything that work goes merrily on: The hearty responsis low and unlike a true and virtuous wo-es from the various counties to all the plans man. They are endowed by nature with of work launched the Joint Campaign intelligence, and we can choose for. our- - Committee are so by enthusiastic, and the selves which coarse we will pursue. The so manifestly enlisted in all way is marked so plain that no one can be sympathies Committee-feemistaken. We must shun everything that parts of the State, that all the very much encouraged. is evil. Commence by first watching "our-- i Under Dr. Klizabeth Sargent the petition selves, if we want our husbands to be bet- - work is being pushed all over the State, ter men set them the example. From the some four hundred books .being in circulabeginning Woman has taken the lead. tion She is also in charge of the literary Let U'oman's grace and love combine committee, and under her compilation a new leaflet, "Woman Suffrage in Practice," To shed a luster o'er mankind. has just been published and promises to do And kindle fires to ever burn, a great work of enlightenment regarding 'In every heart the truth to learn. the actual workings of woman suffrage. She led the way for man to go, That gooJ and evilhe might know; Lucy K. Anthony has been appointed chairman of the Committee on Conventions By. which like God he might become, The series of county conventions is to open with him at home. And live again in the southern part of the State at San be well of Woman may the Diego, April 6 and 7. Each is to hold dur proud today in. she of acted the her beginning part ing two days, and a second, one will existence. She played well her part to the simultaneously with the closing date ofopen' the and a have man true that first in an adjoining county seat, with a end, might be, so of must God; second manager, and with other speakers. today wqnian knowledge set the example. And with few exceptions Miss Mary Hay and Harriet May Mills are to man will follow her to a InVher nlnne. In-- be the managcis, and Rev . Anna Shaw and -Elizabeth-- U myQpini6njmaniandJiyoman must nse Yates, the- - speakers.- They to One cannot.. attain anything will gradually migrate toward the north without the other. I and middle of the State, arriving in the that is great and good am myself a woman; but I can never get vicinity of San Francisco about May, when one step above man. I have seen women the great Woman's Congress of the Pacific who think they are better and know more Slope will convene and discuss for one than their husbands and often try to make week, three sessions daily, seventy addresstliem appear small before company. I es in all, "Woman in Government," in all always feel .that it makes, no difference its bearings. This subject was chosen on what our cailiug or place V, if we fill that account of the growing interest manifested place honorably. But when we step over in it by 'both men and vvonien. As the -the mark we commit an error. And. we question of woman's enfranchisement will s should stop right there and come before the voters at the November we un If before we go any farther, election, and California will be called upon derstood ourselves as it is our privilege to to decide whether women shall share in the so dorwe would ""rights and duties of government, there will e And-wmust correct those errors m our be a full exposition of the subject in all its selves before we undertake to teach others. phases. .' Susan B. Anthony and Rev. Anna II. If we ever, expect to rule or .govern we ourmust first learn to rule and govern Shaw our president and vice,president-at-large- , if. us for all we will both take part, the former selves, right here is work N"ow for we will if will but do it. stndy speaking on "Analysis of Government," what out find ourselves; and Slacking, and Rev. Anna vShaw on "Woman as She then go to work and do it, that will bring is Said to Be and Woman as She Is. about a far better state of things. We will ' make better wives and have kinder children, Iu;i.kn C. Sakgknt, President California W. SA, We are told that man is the noblest work of - d ' l : " LOVINGLY INSCRIBED TO JOSEPHINE. tyj. . . -- The Book of Life's just opening now, And o'er its page you restless bow; 1 . - - As each strange page you eager scan,. May God to you unfold his plan; :His light shine out upon the wav, And turn your heart, to him alway. ( ' . "Josephine" name glorious made in storied past, Napoleon's love unto the last;' '.. ner name sweet memories irouna umg, j Ana incense rare, tne ages pring. For her his fervent thought is" seen, His cry ''My Josephine, my Josephine."' His star of Empire set the day, He cast fair Josephine away. - -- - pray your life, my Josephine, May sunshine be, all storms between; For in your youth you chose the way. That leads to realms of endless day. Thy life sweet fragrance breathes around, Thy heart with loving thoughts abound; List now, the Angel's voice in prayer To Heaven ascends, thy name ic there. -- . - not-mak- many-mista- kes " L. D. A. . often expressed by many of the ladies, of our fair Utah, if .they could only have the privilege of going to the polls and casting their vote, they would show to man- - e " WOMAN'S SPHERE. It is , correct-ourselve- And when the sands of life run low, When the crimson West is all aglow, With loved ones holding each dear hand May you safely reach the "Better Land." : -- to-geth- er. I - , n-- -- : O, may you read the written word, Jofe ine74el v4fh-Ior4- r ,' ": 1 . L. M. II. Come, Josephine, rejoice tonight, And let thy heart be gay and light, Sweet youth's around thy pathway yet. Thy brow, with wisdom's crown is set.. t ug ; On he .21 st Birthday, Jan. iSth. -- ! . And his great mintl may harbor some delusion Speech at times lack dignity, but to me He is all gentleness, and truth and honor; Quick to.avenge a wrong my. being feels; Joyous in happy hours, in sickness kind, Tender as loving mother's softest touch, Gifted with noble thoughts above the ken ' Of the vile mass, echoes in many I would defend my friend 'gainst the leagued world!" The meanest thing that crawls upon this earth, Is gold refined to' foulest, poorest dross, When matched with that intelligence that owes God given gratitude to faithful friend, " And pays if with black treason - ; purity and vi ft u'e, that. 'wi&tt$2tfaet at home, ornaments' in society and a benefit to the human race. '.. "That will bring a Jm ! - . ' . And list to falsehood uf the loved 3 At tne all tliat to is ireetled Few are the gems tint TiavlTC ".""1 bring this about? And the to ' Anu 5P.?5 obscure the comes me that home thought glory of the sun; and self is the place to prepare ourselves' to . We are but mortal, and the best may hope bring a change for the better. It must be Heaven can add lustre to their budding virtues I ask not for "perfection in brought about in our every day. life, at our my friends, .own hreside. In our daily walk and eon-- ; But perfect love and truth! With these 1 feel ;yersation, and in $ettinga.'good example .Earth is not beared of her earthly charms, before our children, and before all the Nor life all weariness; nor mankind world. The eyes of the world are upon lis; Made up of selfishness, and hate and sense , and if we want our condition bettered, we That death is not so sad if I can wave .....must seek for wisdom and intelligence from A fond" adieu to eyes that weeping say Dearest and best of friends, may perfect bliss be a pure source. If we wish t to be, truly I'M ' . ! ; j . " . : 