Is EXPONENT WOMAN'S . i'HWTT d trust the true. rid for thought, is it. not? ; -- M. H. K. ' J- .. a duplex , radiance, botn Hail to . 'f lee that lets the captives go free! '.'Speak1 nothut the old in tne of the "new woman "fetli! rtnized. thc-nibi- - - ; Ox aieouut of oih-.-important meetings on the 30th of June, which is being hdd the regular night for the meeting of the - -- ' "UrWrTrtitTis ist; ami by consent of tlie President, Dr. Kills. R. Shipp claimed the honor of enter- at taining tlie 75 Center St. The delightful '.summer evening was all that could he desired, nature, reason and intelligence making the occasion one long to he remembered. duite frequently have of distin' we Ixjeu honored with guished guesis,but never before with so many in a single the number were 'Mrs. Jennings, the honored President of tin? Utah Woman's Federation of Clubs of local fame," and the noted Woman Sufln,e speaker of national reputation, Miss Elizabeth Upham Yntfs?" The meet-inwas railed to order by the President K. P. Wells, and opened - with prayer by Mrs. ICmma J. MeVieUer. Ti e Secretary called the roll a good "leprescutation answering to their names. The minjites of previous meeting were read and approved, and miscclhneons business transacted. Pre- vddent Wells made a happy, speech jf welcome to our distinguished visitors. Mrs. K. J. McYicker gave a very interestof her visit to Denver. In ing the. number women of meetingVith great united in the, Colorado organization she felt a sense of awe d?i'd reverence almost equal tor that experi erieeddu standing in the pre- sence of the .Greats Niagara. She had the honor of presenting greetings from the Utah dub.,. i;d had" with '.the most u,i,,7r ,,,v;;,c;,,r;.ctM nncT(r:,tri,n to ljear of this sister stateXjThe Club Women of Denver had mutually agreed to give no social functions on vSatu,rdays, that day being- reserved for"- clubs. poke of one esjecial(y brilliant alTair the "ShakesKacli lady lihd a peare breakfast". from (luotation Sinb';inwas expected Jo give an impromptu res ponse in veise, The Denver women are very bright, thinks the climate helps them, their work is more bright and airy which naturally invigorates the intellect; it is not an ad van- tage to attempt ''too many things at once. The study of Parliamentary Law helps Imghttm. the mind. This club should es- ""'pecially excel as their work.'s. is mostly ; original. Miss K. U. Yates was next introduced to the Club, and all were deiighted. to greet tliis most charming and interesting young woman, who had met with woman's clubs rll over the I n i ted - S ta tes. There is nothing that so unites Tomeu as these s her-residenc- j e, ! j tin-presenc- e evening.---Among- . . house." to inind, in or.e of- - thedreams are women seen claspine- hands'- throito-hrmthe world. ' 1 he finest club house for men ft Ph:iaddptiTa:r1tisa In ' the inorougmy nnanciai success. course of busitiess, preceding its erection it; was iound tn.it no married woman could sign the business contract none'-buspins ters according to iaw.. I am glad to be here in these gala, days, when all are rejoic- mg in statehood; rejoiced to see calleHl - is-fou- t nd-i ' t : ' ' ennif. .women, m intelligence and Ki.us R. Snirr, Rec. Sec. . s. thaUlIarvardhad-bee- n founded one hundred men. 'It I ! ! j is an interesting fact that the very first book ever written fcx the education of women was written by a Chinese woman. To beNsure .not 'a- work of wide scope, but we should recognize the fact. Infanticide is not moreVommon in China than Amer ica. An erroneous idea that all girl babies have their neckVwrung 'Such a populous nation one teutliX of the whole, globe must have had motliers. They asi. febple prefer sVkis because of their patriarchal order of life. Girls W out from the parental roof and become members of the husband ' s fa mil ies. Thedatrghteis-in-law: b. co; w. s. Minutes of Meeting -- KxrONKNT' a. iif the Jield Wo-man- 's i8g(. Regular .pro-- ' 16, office,--Jun- Song ''The Reason .Why." ' gram defered for one month and .Miss Klliott invited to address the ladies. She read, extracts from letters received from Clara Barton,, bearing the Post mark of Constantinople, in .which she tells of her work among the people who are sufTering from smallpox, dysentery and' plague. Tells of tools and. grain leing carried into the interior the grain being planted and watered until.it is growing before lea dug sent-- r the field, and of ICnglish doctors-beinof ignorant and "superth;v stitk-tuones to alleviate thepain and suf fering of the afflicted. She told the beau'ti-- " ful story of the origin of the Order of the Red Cross, and the great work done by the members, and tliinks that the work should be in the hands of the government, al though every city responds to- the call of jrharity jjvjheji ajny calamity befalls the country. The Red Crosrs?Fag is tlieonh hospital flag known. It is the pwiss flag reversed, the Swiss flag being a white cross on a red and the hospital flag, a red cross on a white ground; said that in 1S92 America sent a ship-loaof grain to Russia to be planted for the benefit of the famine stricken people. She spoke of the great and thoroughly organized work done, by Miss Barton, and the great good that she Jiad done and is doing Dr. Ferguson spoke of the work that she and. other women are doing iu Salt Lake City ; in organizing a- Woman's League, where working women can be instructeddn manyAvays. nndgreatly benefit.-edand the dignity of labor .'upheld".. A letter written to the Governor of Utah from :a. Boise paper,"'"" asking support from the women of U tah was read and discussed , after which Kmily S. Richards" gave an Elizabeth J,. Mc Par lane spoke address. g i4r-tQ-t- akr our and fifty years before they would even women to their annex;5 and even now Jheymcsurc ujt side-- - by side-w- ith I Bool; of Dreams" often . ; ad-m- it ! "Olive Sehreiuer's ' - p1-- s equals in arrogance. 1 hey were .a most peaceable ana industrious people, but they have not educated their women. But what can we say for America when we consider . " 1 ( "". " trnWCnTour peers . '! same club.s. .:'. eiKenMio, I " .' - Miss Pearl Russell sang very' sweetlv, 'The bridge of Sighs " '.Miss Yates then by 'request gave a most interesting account of lier .experience in China and" the "7 ;l "TIT jf" . r ... t rM 01 me sam I v.rni- - . Thought club work was more beneficial than sewing bees and quiltings." - - V Mrs. W. C. Jennings was pleased to diave the opportunity of becoming acquainted with other clubs, ,thouj lit all women, should keep posted and care to know what otner clubs are doing. Mis.. P. S. Richards was most "happy" to be present' and. greet Miss Yates. Speaking of her work in the Agricultural College, said it previously had a father but. no mother. vu-- - Mis-sio- n . and-wil- rep-or- t - ..... : g ' " . hh(J. (he bone of the great toc'and bending it forward, the "other "iloe being bent under and bound tightly. This bandage impedes the circulation and stops tbe growth. This., practice rarely begins be lore four years ot age. Large feet is a serious social factor for women in China as' prostitutes aic .known by their large feet. Iftit the School lias done""! nTTc hroche'e k 1 his" practice as they will not admit any with bound ftet." The President suggested that our present program be held over for the next meeting, Hoped there would be iucreased interest and punctual attendance. Meeting adjourned for one month. Mrs. Dickinson pronounced the benediction.'. Strawdierries, cake and creafti were a fitting finale to theJfeast of reason and flow, of than to go gosstpiug as women did formerly. The world is better every day for the advanced conditions, of women.- The wo-- j men of Utah stand on high vantage ground and will not.bejmh',a,4 the i'orhUJml a- it muii wo, Mrs. I. Cameron Brownspoke of her sojourn in Washington, which is really a city of clubs, many fashionable and social clubs; also a number of working women's clubs. Put the. Colonial Dames , sweep . everything before them. The Woman's Press Club is quite a 'feature in Washington. The. women of these clubs are nearly all suffragists, and are doing a good work.' Some of these clubs ha ve papers, others wit." will permit no manuscript whatever. One ' very aristocratic club hold their" "shares' at l admit 110 working wowatw. 'S25. 00 They are all wealthy and own a line club" r me-lubi- newdiviroiimeut. Better to study suffrage ; it. w; p.'c. all,iri mau(i-4e,ha- t , - ' back-groun- d, d, ' to-da- y. - K beamiewaiting; maids to theiK husbands families and the servants of the household; Alh negotiations for marriage occur be7 tween the parentsrnd Jheysometimes, get, fees for their services. In some instances the narties rn'ost '.rntioenipd npvpr mppt nn. til the marriage cermouy. One advantage lexrsaid4hatdier-great-wishvasta-helr 7isThaTtiie moIheTilhTaw cannot '.complain . womankind, and she believed in equai it she; makes the selection herself. The r igh ts to every body . Kesol ved '. to form a young men take their- wives as a 1iiatterof- club called the Civic Club. Mrs. Fewson "'-; ; .''' fact.. Smith kindly offered, her home for the next ; 'It issupposed that the custom of binding meeting of the new club. Prayer, was the feet of infants originated from a princess offered by Mary: Silver. ,' Meeting ad--' j being born witn deformed "feet, and to'hide' journed for one month. x T CasstttNkwtvi ax, Sec: i -- : - . ';'-- - i thaUJthh : C ' ; ; . . 