WOMAN'S KXr.UNt.NT. CONHKRK KCK OV Til r. W. R X. A: - ) .remarks :) x -- V ksy UTAH L a ifics an J ( ri n ttan c spe es have hitherto been demanding and urging 'I,. r.rrit,iicr.MiPTit n(: vonr women, that Hie o hi tCCSTtxrrrrntl.' Our S. '. j ' ' i: ani verv "lad .the 'Chairman said souiC:- thine; about applause, lam not a public speaker and unlesi I hear alittle entJiu.Lsm from tin: audii.NO.' I do not believe I can .say ft ( A r.t .Linen .,n ...1..,.. l.o - i.nr , ing the grandest sentiments that ever ema nated from aa one's mouth. Mrs. Wells ,sas we must hurry she want? to hear from those eminent speakers so do we, so I will just say ' word two I don't want 'out beautiful Utah County which is considered the garden sp'.t of the Territory. I am proud'of it and we have a great many very good' suffragists there and they had occasion todispjaytheitriie colors ' in the ;U; conllic t in the Comtitu-tiona- l In many ..instances Convention. there were men that I" thought could stake, my life on their support and when we presented the petition to th in tc sign, some of those leading gentkmen said in reply to my remark" thai I would like to see their names head the list, !'0 yes, we believe in equal suffrage but you see it I should put my name to that jitlition why you see it would defeat us.' Thtre it was again, willing, to sell the liberty of'onedialf the people of this; Territory foi Statehood. (Applause.) That is the way we have be n treated. It was the old spirit but I am very happy to say it is giving way to the new conditions' that surround us I must not forget told Mrs. Wells I would only say a vvord or two, but. I cannot stop until I say a word in regard to those honorable" delegates to the. Constitutional Convention from Utah Dumty theywere "'earnest-work- ers and 1 heard' twelve of Miem were united and they were hen es in our cause. (Applause.)' 'Although we have been enslaved so long and even at the risk of defeating statehood, such men as S. R. Thur-nia- n and P. S. of .this County and others tine to their paity platform "(Mrs. Wells iuteirupting.Mrs. Rullock. Excuse -- J "If we Sm ' , ? v. :;;Upal tb, KovernmejiV and,i- . .."'' A. WHEN YOU THINK .OFGOINGHAS'i Will you ."c.i-- .:. thin.. e n the ' ife : ion HE-UNlOHPACiFlk -J- FROM SALT LAKE TO r tha:; ;my o't vr !ii.t. 3 liours iUH-!OMAIIA. 3S'i- houn, 11 hour-- ' qu'rkc-- than'nt.v :! r line. ht.-ST. 1'Al'L, 4T'i hours,- 12 hdirs qiiirfc. r th sr, ;my lifi :. t"t CHICAGO, 474 h'.nrs, 12 liourjui.-k.TahHr liii".. tuy "ST. LOL'IS, IT.'.j hours', 11 iiour.;quirkf:r ihan any other line' 1'ti lni' n . : Ji iiitr ;.' (a .i THROUGH TRAINS C a RRY , DhNM.lt 23 r r J ! carte). l'uliiniHi rulltii'-- IlufTi-- t l'Hhre ruilrnau I.ihntry art') gmnkinj On Sleix-r.s- Toiir;.-- t -- I -!; p.-r- K.ciuin Chair Cars, EieRant Day tVach'e. aviiu' .a.t L;iie Cjtv at 7 a. in. and 7 p. m. ..every 'lay in the year. City Ticket Office 201 Main SmtT. 1- I). E. BITiLKY, 0. A P, P. 1), ?. TAOCART, T. V. A . R.K. THOMAS 26, 28, 30 aod32 East- 1st. SoatbSt.: SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading - - ! - . . te the-wor- afUl . e ! . , ' . rCrnmCnt " x ( . . - -- r ' 'mybl5taIe7uuT pmtp uifra4f the--collect- ue for-you- financially your" State and National Association as well. That is whatjye all do Arc want to be one grand solid army from one end of the. nation to the either; each local society 'is auxiliary to the Statesociety and each State society is auxiliary to the National Association, and in this way we shall become solidly .organized and when ever there is any great crisis coining in the state or in the nation the women can band themselves together - to h tip e;airy the measure if it is a good one or to 'defeat it if wo-the reverse.- - I do not believe that-yomen. with the ballot in your hands will. make this purely partisan and vote-foran unworthy man because he is of that political party, but" on the other hand wo men will do in Utah as they have'done in Wyoming and Colorado and as 'they have done in the State of Kansas in school elec tions, that they will hold themselves as a combined power to vote for the best man that is nominated, for the best party. that is in the field. n When that question is" submitted 'to the people of this Territoiy every individual man and woman must work, for it' requires immense educational work to reach out to every one of the precincts of the State to' educate each individual to vote intelligently (To the girls taking up "Girlsdon't go too fast, give everybody a chance to get their pocket books out.")Now my friends, in regard to our Suf. alfrage Association, we have thirty-siready organized, and at Atlanta last winter there was proposed an organization Committee and the sum of $igob.oo was raised right on the .spot in order to carry-th- e good work into the various states. Utah for the last' twenty years has been one of the. best organized states. Utah and New York have run a tilt as to which' should be the banner Suffrage Society in the nation. Sometimes Utah has come, with' a much larger delegation and New York has come second, but I believe this year that New jLorkstands.as th-e- banner- - state of the wlfole thirty-six- as to the largest membership. You know the rule is that you pay into your State society twenty-fivcents for every! local member and then your-Stasociety sends ten cents out of every one of those twenty-fiv- e cents to the treasurer of "so- that is National Association your the find out we, Statewhich way is the best or-- " which state has the ganized, the amount in. New York this year sent h, Si6,.oo to the treasurer that you know shows that ' . " -' n t . local society hascnntributed ten ceutsof what- ever the amount may be tnvarc:s .helping on with the ood woik. In sustaining your local society you arc r sustaining their brothers their fatherland their bus ' bands.""" They should "in vite them to their meetings vith them and together .study .those questions. The Introduction' of into government affairs will result-ihigher intelligence among men as well as among women. It seems to me the 'result will not be at all what is intended if we do not have greater intelligence every where. Xow my gcyjd frieudi,- it is supposed by- some that We are under pay from the National Association. I Want to disabuse your minds we, are under pay from nobody, we are, as the woman says, making this trip free gratis and Mrs. Wells has assumed all the financial responsibilities of. our stay here and of course the expenses are not small. Utah has always done her share towards helping to forward the cause of woman. As I told you last night,, five states have passed a resolution submitting the proposition to be voted upon not as a "'? . JQtmLUtahcnt - men know nothing about the Constitution of the'State or of the nation, or the work of tJiH women. Women- should not only be intelligent upon all questions' of government hut th ,w .should educate their sous, 'to hf ";iifmi?tpd t . w . 1 that-isar- of the a majority- - - ' j.uvt uiaaiumu iu;iu Hlc.."ll Ociiy 01 all the people we don't want it" (applause) I say patriotism for you gentlemen and h'lk-sthat is the .kind of patriotism that gained our independence. Thankattention: ing you, Applause.) Miss Anthony: Mrs. Wells, who is the General on this occasion says 1 must say something, Now it seems to me in view of what I feel that you all feel to be a fact that there is no doubt Willi regard to the adoption of the Constitution j,y a majority of the" electors of this. Territory; and that after it has been adopted by the" votes that there is no doubt whatever. that Congress will admit the State into the Union r4hc Territory ditto the- Umonlisrsjtate, it seems to me tliat the one Word that I want to say 'to you is as if yoiiwerc already a State, as if the women of the State were already enfranchised. It seems to me that for the women of IIt:i1i ic nvh,-).t..i r the. women oi Coloradoaiid that is that they "shall commence the. ;stuclyofjhe.great-- i " government- -: ;; VrV - wo-me- 1 stood up and said The men. of today have not sufficient- - the ten cents" Tund has been paid into the' I forgot the . exact National treasury. . - tivv'... UI.VII of this nation mrtics i 1 me Mr.?. Wells) iltlk V for which ) - ago. ly studied the rise and fall of the political to-leav- . UU1U MILS of-1651- there are huncireds and hundreds of women ill Utah this year and men too, who have-nu"paid their little dues into the local society, and when you do not pay int'o'th local society the State society is unable to ciety. pay its ten cents to the Xationaj local a So you see when you join society fee which and pay your '$1 .00 membership I think is your membership lee, or 50 cent's orAvhatever it is, each man and each wo man that pays that membership fee into Abe- -- t a-- . she' has ii membership we haVe hundreds of; women : wdioHiavejiot" paid their due.s- Mrs. Wells says 51 15.0b and If-the- ,r.n:,rc,ta.m(i. 1,.... 11 the women and the men of your respective communities to Ihis'canuot Je uone vote intelligently Men except by good and earnest study. have not studied the principles of their had they would have government. enfranchised the women long ago, and if l.tr !,. rrmnt "'lrr ff il.. lUC WOUltTIl- 11U MVMm SAW " . " nmu a. ...u. SU1UVINK me iav,.v aim I a word,- - ' Retail Gash- - Hoxrse , Sy R.K.THDia:M ' : 