' rwC'"V r"S - - igfejffirs Exponent EMM F.LIN II ANSIS Qv Published semi-monthly- - WELLS, H'BLLS tASNON ' . ; iji Salt Editor, Late City, Utah. Terms: one copy one ye.tr, fi.oo; one copy six months, 50 cts. No redaction made (or clubs.' City paperr delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rate's: Each square, ten lines of nonpareilA liberal discoace one time, per month,-3.00to advertisers. regular spunt EXPONKNT office, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Buildfrom ing, Main Street, opposite Z.C. M, I. Badness hours to a.m. 10 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address-al- l business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT," - Salt lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post econd-cUs- s matter. Office exercise "the rights of citizenshfp" without Tear and intelligently, u every woman in Utah who prizes her lilerty,"and loves her mountain home, .will seek to comprehend "the causes and effects of the whichthere present conditions over in nine seems to be so nnich trouble, cases out of ten she will undoubtedly arrive at a satisfactory conclusion, and be Rln able to cast her vote judiciously. member this, is an important time, and one had .far better study the question of the hour and mark the signs of the times, than to indulge in any frivolity or pastime that is only fleeting, cad be carried away by the current of circumstances can Cmtli, .. ianci is saiest- NEN.r, i have" wiilteii a bnel sketch ol my " successful' life.. w here women a re free a nd mi t ra m el IcU , a ud long, and in Salt Iuiie City, Utah, as ' : - I am now in ..my 86th year; my uieniory' is good, my mental faculties unimpaired, but my bodily strength is failing' me. My name is Ilizaleth Lane Hyde. My parents were James L. Lane, and Jane Lane. I was bom in the (County) town of New - . -- Radnor, Radnorshire', "England, Eebruary 26, S . '.My birth was very humble, my Hither being a laboring man; but my paf-- t ' cuts' were honest and industrious' ixjople, and managed to give me as good an educa- tiou as the schools 01 Kauuor anorued 111 those days. When I was old enough I learned the dressmaking, and worked in that" business in my native town until I was twenty-siyears of age. During this time I became acquainted with a very respectable v.guhg jnau, a farmer's son in the neighlcrhood. We kept company for six years, but' cir- euurstances and my lack of fortune com- biued to separate us. He inarricl another young woman but was never happy in his home life, and died in a few years. I mention this circumstance because it was the reason I remained single to the age of thirty-fiv- e years. I could not remain at home, so I went to London and worked in a millinery establishment nearly three V I came back home the next week years. after Queen Victoria was married, but I could not settle there again. I had some friends in another, town not far away, so I went 'there and commenced business in the millinery, and soon had a good prospect. I was always incline to be religious, and soon became a leading member in the Itop-tis- t Church and Sunday School. In 1846, I was married to a widower,, with two fine boys, whom I loved vorv much, uirdriiFTime I had a sou Ijorn tome. ' but he only lived three months. I soon found I had made a .mistake in my marriage. My husband was a. drinking man and he had deceived me; he despised every religion, and he' would sometimes swe .bout my going to meeting. Such is a brief sketch of my life before the true Gospel of Jesus Christ found me. , In the fall of 1847, a farmer's daughter from a distance came to my establishment to learn the business. . She brought, some books with her which I accidentally found. I was very much alarmed about these books, on account of the other young girls under my charge; but she was so d over it that she sdon disarmed me, and I became much interested myself in what they contained. I read the Voice of Warning through, and then every other Mormon book I could get. It took right hold of me; I could see truth in every line, and I durst not trifle. with it, let the consequence be what it might. I was clandestinely baptized on the 25th of February, 1848, and the Lord gave me such a knowledge of the truth, that I felt able to face the whole worldL Every trial that I have had to pass through, has strengthened my laith, and 1 have been tried in very deed. As sxon asit was known that I had become a convert to the Mormon faith, my friends forsook me, and my hursband Baptist acted more like a fiend than a man. I tried to do my duty; attended to my business and household affairs. At times I felt above such petty ways, and sometimes like run-m- g a way out of it; but when I stopped to 011rJ that . seemed folly so I- - began to lay plans. All my means was in my busi. 1 ! : 1 1 v Salt Lakk Citv, august 15, 1S96. TI IE WO M A N'S VOTE EDITORIAL NOTES, What the women of Utah will do with be puzzling to suffrage this year, seems people very greatly, not "only abroad in the land, but. here at home. it is a matter for the most profound .thought,"-ancareful consideration. It would be very strange if women themselves knew just exactly what they ought to do for the best and highest good, at a critical time like the present, when men who have had the franchise for years are breaking away from the political party which they have always sustained, and looking elsewhere for the help to secure the country from peril, who shall decide the.se grave questions for women? It is the positive duty of every individual woman to study and examine these grave and solemn questions for herself, and not, rest satisfied until she has at least sufficient of the matter to satisfy her own knowledge . . MM cut i:cieuce. mere is inucn g(XH f the great parties, and there are able shakers 011 both sides, eloquent and logical, who can convince one against her own will, as it were. Hut women though they may be deceived by sophistry,' will not be lKHight in targe vuthn as men have often been, that is one consolation. Generally speaking, women will stand by the home, and the vital family. "The women of Utah will certainly be conservative, with very few exceptions. Those who have passed through "The narrows" so to speak, will not risk uncertainties in the matter of voting, they will at least act conscientiously, - seeking for wisdom and counsel from reliable sources. There seems ttTbe a wave of. unrest passing over the country such as has not been known since the civil what war; is its significance even men who have been Weighing and discussing political economy and methods all their lives, are unable to determine, and are drifting hither' and thither with the current that has set in for good or ill, as the result must prove.-- , But the writer has; iirplicit faith in the future of Utah, and does uot believe it depends on' partyism entirely, but on industry, thrift, morality, "honesty, integrity constancy and virtue of its people. What--eve- r will, promote these: sterling qualities and attributes,, will uplift the of the people new state. ' Vet no one has stronger hopes of the gbod.Lbe accomplished by equah suffrage than the writer. The love of home. nnH country is rooted aad- grounded in true . - '1 1 in-dql- ii iT .(i'uestiou4-thatrroncerii"tl- very able woman has been added to the Board of Regents of the Utah University, Mrs., Relecea E. Little. We congratulate . her and feel confident of her good judgment and reliability. Miss Clara Barton, President of the Red Cross in America, is on her way. home from Constantinople The Sultan .has conferred upon her, the emblem of the second order of Chefakat. . Another . - , " . - . The excursion' to Saltair has Society and which been planned for the Klief the women of the new state, will afford a good opportunity to hear able speeches on the vital questions now . confronting the nation. They will be made by young men born in this Iutermountaiu region, who feel deeply and strongly in regard to the future welfare of Utah- - A Relief Society was organized in CanWard 01 r Tuesday, August 4th, Cannon presiding. Bishop Lewis ... M Officers elected were, Sarah J. Cannon, President, Rebecca A. Sharp and Sarah A. J. Cannon, Counselors. A fuller account of the organization will be given later. The speakers were Bishop L. M. Cannon, Elders C. H. Gould and L. John Xuttall, Sisters M. I. Home, AumeT. Hyde One of Salt Lake's favorite merchants, R. K. .ThomaS Isq., has recently moved his dry goods establishment into a handsome and commodious new store on Main St., Xos. 48 and , 50 between South Tern-- , pie and First South Sts. The. store is tastefully fitted up and quite a variety of new goods has been added to the stock. Very elegant silk dress goods, Dresden with Persian- effects, and at extremely low prices the Mr. Thomas, considering quality. aii excellent keeps variety in ladies dress and this line of goods fabrics,' and as he always does his own purchasing in the Eastern markets and has very fine taste, his patrons and customers may be sure of a good article in this line. There is no better place to buy dry goods nor where ladies are more likely to be suited, than at R. K. Thomas's, and the clerks are attentive and ...... obliging. non- " - , AUTOBIAGRAPHV - ' - - - y :";r OF ELIZABETH L. HVDE: ; By request of my dear friend and loug tnueneijsl - -- v . good-natnre- . I ' 