; I'SHKty nOt.a tear QVr the dying I old-yea- r ;;' 8;j 'kiit few : Vniersifr moraT and intellectual worth. T!il lurgc.rircle of friends" ""J about her who luul learned to love and. value her for her ln.in'v vnrthv dfmHtW trf character, will, I am .sure, revere the and strive to emulate the, good deeds of the dear one who is. now sleeping u ler.wido'wless palace of rest." Helen Whitney has forded the "silent river" gone from among the scenes of a busv world, dun the good acts, the kind words and the generous deeds recorded in her life history will, in the course of time, become jewels for alb true womanhood. Ve will'l all say of the deceased gone but not for-- . : '.:-- WOMAN'S KXPONhNl. h' ; ; ! ' "t to see him depart mourn ' He lias answered an end Bern my 'Mentor and friend. - uu-inory- , calmly look on As the requiemso'ng floats over my memory's ear! Let the old year depart - - . A AAA X .J X J A , . And his Cenotaph hangs in "my heart. I i ' .. No regret's in my heart, And lachrymal cells hold no. tear! 441 heart is at rest And I fe n not the test, V.';'h which Time tries the children ottTarth My all's in the'bmk Where the Saints ever rank, And I fear not the desert or. dearth. My" There is One-u- p ere For the year to go home, And calmly we'll lay himjaway ' And hail the lie vs year, With a welcoming cheer, And start for the years' race today! . Hannah T. King. ' Jnpublished, found among some old papers but remember its having been left over at the time and think it will recall to mind one of our dear in departed .sisters whose name often appeared ' ' the Exponent. , Editor. FRIENDLY LETTER. SPICELAND, ; 30, 1S96. iND.yOV. the receipt of a copy of the Dcscret Evening Neivs of the 16 inst, containing a well prepared sketch of the death and life history of my esteemed and valued friend, Mrs. H. M. Whitney.- You may be assured that I read this touching tribute to the memory of my deceased friend with feelings of inexpressible sorrow-- - not because I think she is not enjoying that rest and peace that characterizes all our loved, honored dead whojiave nobly lied their mission in life not because- I entertain the idea that her present .state ds not better than when she lived, and hoped and loved amid the changing scenes of earth ; but for the reason that we will never again be privileged to se(! her kind face, or listen td her words of wisdom that were ahvays freely given in the interest of V : justice and truth. In some respects .1 regard Mrs.- Whitney as a remarkable woman, a .woman whohas - ajtruly - 1 - r T W. e $ Cathedral,; i Xsh t e s ,..ui believed to have been once a tcmpleof Mars, the interior is dark. ' It is surrounded by ''sixteeii columns of which one is of white The marble'nnd fifteen of trrav irrauile; (P marble believed to be the column on which the statue of Mars stood, near Ponte The Cupola is covered with Mosaics, the high altar lias a beautiful frontal of silver repousse' worki Tire old font 1128 was a large basin for immersion, surrounded bv smaller basins in th: nresent one .all the children born in Florence are baptized. The beautiful tomb of Pope John XXIII is. by Donatello. This afternoon we take the train for Bologna, only a short journey the railway crosses the valley of the Arno, the plains , of Lambardy and the Appenines. There are fortv-fivtunnels, ten of which - t Vec-chi- o. : bridges, viaducts and embaukniehts, the scenery is very' beautiful, one of the most interesting places en route was Pistoja, famous for its iron .works, here the pistol Soon we arrive at Bologna, was invented. Hotel d' Italie, the proprietor always Welcomes lis, and always comes to wish us good bye and bon voyage it is- a pleasant custom. Bologna City. is the capital of the province of Bologna, situated in a fertile plain near the northern foot of the Appenines, eighty miles of rail north of Florence. A handsome city, the paved streets are .lined with varied colonnades which afford shelter from sun and rain. The palaces of the nobi-litare fine, it has 74 churches, 'they are beautiful and richly fund shed with paintings by tlje old Masters. The church of San Stefano, one of the oldest in Italy, contains Greek frescoes of the 12th century; the church of San Petronio is a fine speci-inuuf the l4afei Ootid? style, adorned with masterpieces of painters and sculptors; the church of San Dominica has sculptures of M. Angelo, and paintings by Guido, L Caracci and Colorma ; those with the Cathedral, rich in Works of art. "were all we had time to visit. A most curious custom is 1. burying some of their holy people in a sarcophagus standing on pillars in front of their .churchts. We now drove about the city, the fountains are mot curious, and in a square near the centre of the citv are the Leanincr lowers. the Torre Asinelli built in 1 1 10, is,' Feme Say, 256 feet high, others 320 feet and leans 4 feet the Torre Garisendi is 163 feet, high and leans 10 feet. They, were designed so and are not wonderful like that' of Pisa, j We now drove outside the walls; about three miles is the pilgrimage church, La j Madonna di S. Luca, built in 1731 f named from the picture of the Virgin said to have been painted by St. Luke, A most inter esting place was the Campo Santo, the building is an old Monastery, 14th century j devoted to its present use in 1S01 on the site of the Etruscan burial ground. You can be buried here for one hundred dollars, they come in the4iightyouarenoL made sad by the sight of a hearse in this city, nor do your family go with you, so the Priest told us who showed us the monuments. Bologna is the native place of many emin- eut paintersfGuido, the three Caracci, and ot Fope Benedict A1V. i tie city was laiceu by Charlemagne in Soo A. D., and wras the capital of the most powerful Italian republic from 1 118 to 1274: --'- ! But the time has now come 31, IS76. n , I j mV'-thj lrMftf e at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Whitney, told thetu(T was a stranger seeking regarding the strange and peculiar sect of which they were worthy 'representa-- . tives. It is needless to say I received a kindly greeting-- I was warmly welcomed to the hospitable home of these generous people, and during my stay . I had the j pleasure of a long conversation with the de- ceased. Our discussion embraced many of the leading topics, among, which was the " Tnrmrn ruifslinn fr!Twl fniittl familiar with the historv of her church, thoroughly coiiversant vith every feature of the M .NIormon faith," and fully. conscious of her duties as an advocate of that faith. The result of this interview was a warm and lasting friendship that .continued to ripen with twelve eventful years of corres pondence. I have many letters of the der ceased that are highly prized for the broad and liberal ideas they contain, and I have had several of these friendly communica tions published through the Eastern press, which received high editorial comment. I trust the earnest life work of our dear one will be, a source of inspiration to. those who have had the privilege of familiarizing themselves with it, and to the' relatives I take this method to extend my sympathy and condolence iirtheir hoursrof":sorrovr. Now I wish to thank you for thus remembering me by sending me your pen picture of our mutual friend's death, and let me express a hope that some time in the future I may visit your famed city, and hand. give you the grasp of With great respect, I am yours etc,, infor-.inatio- . A During my travels in the distant west sometime in the .early spring of. 1S84, I passed a brief interval in your famous city enjoying the beautiful historic scenery 1IL and around tht renr Tnrtnnn mit rrmr- - iBrcmcudnrronirbrigr Shill the past be to me, ThU of good things I'll still have my sh ire. But should the good things Be vdiat poverty brings! May hope trim the lamp in my heart; For 'tis said those He loves, He most certainly proves, To see if from Him they'll depart. Then let the year pass YVith.his scythe and his glass,-Ye- t to Time dear old Time, I owe much, He has ever been kind To my heart and my mind, And has gently on each laid his touch. ! ' W I'd And through life I've experienced His And a sure gurantee C, Dec. gotten." abve, Whose Spirit is Love! S. L. of, my xr&xntv:$ -- - y j j n i ! . I j ; j -- ; H.-Bka- kd LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL. ! WiHiowr drove to the Cathedral Santa Maria del Fiore, it is of great extent and magnificence, the exterior is incrusted with precious marbles and filled with beautiful sculpture, the northern porch is especially fiiieVarscT the SOutherndoor"nearest: the apse With a garland of fig leaf by Pietro di Giovanni, within it is paved with, marble. Behind the hiefh altar is a Pieta unfinished, and the inscription, says the last work of Michael Angelo executed in 1555, when he was in his eighty-firs- t year. The Crucifix over the altar is by Bennedetto da Majano,, befieath the central altar of the apse is the famous Shrine of San Zenobia,. by Ghiberti, 1440. .We nowT went inside the " Baptistery - . ' ; ":. X' ,. Kim.. : 