u WOMAN'S ;P O H v- - V a- - mid. Tic" Mights ofthcVomni of 'Zion Voi,. IJAKIC SACT '25V CONTF.N t'S: " Woman's Clubs; A ''"fllbutc To Sister. Peterson. : Leave. From My Mr eling Journal -- Kim. Ladies' Semi monthly M. L. 'Morris. U. VriV C. S. L. Co. W.S.A. Armenia. R. S. An P. A. Re"ho N. ports. In Memoriam. .Conference Ofl ' ..' S. A. ' ... Eiirrofen: -- The Work! In Commotion. Editorial Notes. ; mily .JUNE. Tiik -- " - UTAH EI)HRATlON' OF. WOMAN'S t rjljvtlunl J, I;ederati'o!i ' "' Exactly, one decade ay, : Upon your golden wedding day; Vour friends; a In ppy oveillew, The old and young, the grave .ittul gay j ni.-of ! pre-Mde- d, breath of June is in the air. And that exquisite fragrance rare, 'I ii.it thrills the soul with gUd delight, And over all the verdant land, Beauty hath waved her 'magic wand. And earth is bathed in radi mt light. voteiiexelnively - - - share ? j ! . . j s O, how we h ng to climb those hills, And quaff fronroui the sparkling rills, The honeyed nectar of our youth; For there" it flows in limpid streams, Of which our fancy only dreams, Springing from wells of living truth. - ' " Fairer than ah! voices call, silence the From out In echoes from the fountains , deep, woods and vales, Or from the far-oOr distant seas, w hose mournful wails, Ttll where the dead, unmnnber'd sleep. E. B. W. June, 1896. . Gaston Kruno Paulin Paris, the French philologist, has been elected to the seat hi the French acadeiny rendered vacant, by the death of -- M. 29. As happily united still, . - "Alexander Dumas.- g. " - . , As in yoifth's early morning glow And may you hence enjoy-- -I pray An everlasting w'edding'day. May 9, ltq6. ' ;.' njranization-Mrs- i Cit - lir : , y-- . : .: - .. , i . 'Rkiout of the ReatK-r.- 1 IK Pratt. By Rom-niThe Reaiers Club is now jn its.fotirt.h year of useful instruction, with a nietiibership a 1896. and an average atten: roll of forty-threIt convenes, every dance of twenty-five.-- . two weeks at the Woman's Kxi'Onknt parlors, on Monday afternoon. The course of study is Miscellany, Literature. Political" Science and Current Events. The club color is red and the badge is a wheat head. The President and Secn tarv retire at e, " inv ililV' n;e!'ihCi l Wo to fill'- 1 : -- . ' " - - these positions, to promote general education in presiding and taking' notes. Under the head of Current Literature .there ha ve been written and commented upon about twenty sketches of the. lives and works of noted divines novelists, poets, philosophers. xjheorists, musician and artists. Tntht'ter-e-4- 4 drvntrd to. have followed by the Study of Political Science 'questions and discussion. is social and in-- ; The object of this club tellectual devlopnienf Its' design as to cultivate the heart as well as the brain which will form a good, mental and fit woman not only to Vhitie.as-- greater light around. herown hearthstone, but to be a more efficient custodian of limine interests in the wider domain of the- world. is improvement upon' th.epast; and the study of the lives a.rd works of eminent men atid women who have lived before us or are contemporary, stimulates to emulation. v V The club women of Utah are the high often priestessess at', the altar of the home, consecrated. to plain living but also to high thinking, where the noblest ideals are cher ished and where money is not "A ifrg TlieR eanerTtih"vfrbtisy a : i d earnest women is as a small streamlasinging a tbanlcfuiiiess-as.iglad song of pride and glides into the larger stream of the State Federation, and with ills weeps into the General, Federation "of Woman's Clubs, helping to create .a' mighty foice of womanly power 'which" will raise the standard of mor - 1 : Yet side by side, in yvoe or weal, Linked hand and Heart, along you May n . .. -- ' - And; trouble, bolder than before, Walks in, at nearly every door. ' -- Albeit, that you're greatly ble:t Perchance, like other folks you're tried, Earth is not yet a place of rest, Nor are we all yet sanctifieil; fl on ' --rTt- " . Especially you can re jc ice, That sons and daughters 'round' you throi That each and all with heart and voice, Are helping Zion's cause along, ' Truth's representatives are they, Who bear your honored name today. 10 nights of June! Paris, ! And you my friends, w l from the first, Dared to espouse: the cause of Trufli? Who many times have braved the worst,-ITruth's defense, are glad forsooth To know that come, whatever.may Established Truth, on earth will stay. -- Har the; - ini4-tni!- f - . : May 20tli, j vr-ISo visible to eyts ur.sliut God's own marvelous enterprise"The Stone" from out the mountain cut, Is rolling on and gaining size. Iinir power apace, fhl.the To earth, and bless the race. Such respite from life's toil and woe, Is given us,. while here below ; As visions, of the worl lunseen; To stimulate our lives to btar, The ills and griefs, we needs must share,v Until vve reach the heights sere ne. Comtnittte ,a Club Lad at the" Stake Feieralicn of Ciubs.'Sall Lake City ' j Now, unto. Zion, are secured Great Rights, withheld, iii days gone by No longer friendless and obscur'd, ; ut like a "Lily set 0:1 Inpi Or like a blight attractive star, Lo! Zion's lig!it,shine forth afar. -- i "j ' The Minsttv blae of colors bright B'des to an amethystine light, As genily f dls the eveni4ig dew, And mellow moonlight-softlsheds, Its healing balm on aching heads A mTs44rr heasi's' pale blue. a nd- - n, KKAI'KKS' CI.UI -- . de ." j " . bu;:sv.-;-Th- -- - Whether or no, 'tis so designed As Saints believe, and scoffers doubt, J j Amid the general strife we find That something good, has been wrought out, And Zion! Once "the trodden down' Is g;ajning favor and enow n. Tiei June of life again v' feel, And softly" o'er, our senses steal, The calmness ami the swe?t repose. . Rt jnvenatmg ail our pover, And the gkuj mue id suir.mrr--- wftv Within the heart of sur.dnrie glows. tie (me Wells chairman, teported The ear. lli;; clnb organized (hiring past M. Allen Coriinie Federation elected Mrs, as its representative at the annual raveling, of theGeneral Feileralion at Louisville "IK j ' w- - wms appointed a eieLnti,il. e. mhiittee. Mesdames Green of T'rovo, V, itniiler. of ; The forest songsters tune their lays. And thro'.the woodland, wilding ways,' Or fields and meado -, gay with flowr's, Their melody in chorus sweet, .Makes earth seem fairly-Knit- ! complete, A foretaste bf fair Eden's bo .v Vs. to- morning dent O-- Since then, a host of Tnerls have died, And many strange events we've seen, Uhlcoked for woes haye'multiplied, And life an uphill road has been, And every one must needs confess, All'things are shaken, more or less. ' Wednesday secretary . Met 'neath your sheltering roof--t-o The joy of that occasion rare'. aiHiual convcnli ;u of tlie. Utah s CIv.b.i uiis held in - ; " . of-Vomct- Unity Hall in- this City, 'Wednesday and' Tinirsday May 20 and .21, luetthiK com--eacli nicnciti at 10 a. in. ar.d at 2 p. day. President iMinna 'J. Me"icker .'Miss Iuntna"MeCon:iQk acted as V0ODM ANSKK, .. Happy their fate, who truly mate, YVho yoke; that love makes light, " ' Who joyfully can celebrate Their marrUge day, and count i?bright; But few are faver'd thus to see Its sixtieth anniversary. June E. .B. V. A H. Woodinansee. The; Spring Of i'? M 7 E ."' T. Gfiileth. Fanny's Bjby Lydia I); Aider. roKTuy: v fi'l. l'll'N. '.-'.- . i. NO. J ftitndi K.MILV H. ' t3 1S96. JUNK, UTAH, - A-- , ON,R To iiiv i cneraft L, S. Wilcox. , CITY7 Hrcihcr and Shier "ahir.i er:aty of then Home o.'i Hie sixiicth ' ... Wedding dhiY- . ,Oi " t A .. iieMii i ' 