2 WOMAN'S EM MEL lNil. IL WEI ANNIH iVRLLSCASNO.-- i ' Exponent sri,tc.i. "" fied-b- .j f , Published serni-tn Silt Take City, Utah. ycJu-oa-one copy six months, Terms: one conv one No cts. clubs. reduction made tor .''City p.ip'.rs deliv50 ered by mall, extra lor poster one year, i'5 ct. Advertising rates: Kach square, ten linrs of nonp-rei- l coace one time, $2.50; per month, 300. A liberal dis- spunt to reilar,adverttsers. 23 Con.litt Iuild- ir-- - trie: Main Street, oppohite 2. CM, I. Husintwi herefrom 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day. except Sunday Address all business communications to PUULISI1KR WOMAN'S KXPONKNT, Eat econd-clai- matter s Ofice in ! f -- l Ji.,; i v . "of-thi- k - KATIv FIELD. - Tun tidings of the demise of Miss Field in far off Honolulu, seemed very sad when one remembers her brilliant career before 'the public for so .many years, as well as Thk political conditions of this, country here and extensive acquaintance at the present time are anything but her to tell what a abroad. To die alone in a foreign, land, satisfactory. It without a loving friend near to say one day may bring forth, or what new scheme tender word, or drop one tear upon the may be developed by those whev manipulate couch of suffering is. saddening. To he the machinery of politics. New parties are alone in the world, apart from family ties,, evidently in embryo, and old' parties dividseems tous an afiliction. Miss Field went ing on new lines, or questions thai have to Honolulu 4o regain her health, she sufarisen within the last few years or even months. Disturbing elements are at work, fered from overwork and depression, and whether the outcome bodes for good or brought about by financial embarrassments. She was an accomplished journalist, and ill, one cannot welL determine. Every, " Washington"' was man is asking his neighbor what the issues her paper' Kate Field's ' are likely to produce, and in Utah at least, a. rellex or a mirror of her pronounced men are wondering how the women of the opinions i:pou all subjects. new state-argoing to vote, and women are asking similar questions of men, who have Their generous discord w ith the battle ends; been voting always, ami seemingly are as In peace they wonder whence dissension rose, much at sea on tn.- - live questions 01 ine And ask how souls so like could e'er he foes.V r time, as the .women who yet cast ' 1896.. SIXTY YEAliS MARRIED. ' "VOTE WISELY." Salt Lake City, Utah, at Citv, Jni.v, 5?' - -- Willi . Salt Lakr plates okiu-.s.-aad- here ud. thrown uton the wall by means of a magic much lainpof rt0nie sort, ami. which was friends The enjoyed by the company. showered congratulations and gooU wishes upon the happy couplcv.wiio nau 'aireaoy passed three score years, of life together. lifting.' May their prosperity and love, grow stronger and uurer as their days lengthen, and. lieirVveuinr 0f life be full of. tllO peace Salt. Lake 'City, Utah. Entered at the - pai?ora ma , ' . - 'A a- y iarged freedom of (lie , Jeople who l.ia ye i.ni,.!.,..! : , , ,ffr. otl ,cn lnmia for.. al mi tance'Yiito the great galaxy ot.States. It is a solemn time as well as a time of extraordinary privilege, for one cannot nation contemplate, the condition without feelings under the present-outlooof sadness, and only to those: who "trust in God can there come the hope that is. up- diver-s- i eWwbHy" Editor.: KXPONKNT office. Kr,GTr.sa?7 The 'evening .entertainment. was . Tin: wedding anniversary of Brother and Sister' Nathan-- ' Tanner of Cotton Wood, was celebrated at the elegant residence of Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Richards in this City June 30, 1S96. Mrs. Richards, who is the daughter of these aged veterans, had made every preparation "possible for the comfort and happiness of her father and mother and friends and relatives their special were near enough to participate in tbe' who happy occasion The spacious parlors were prettily decorated and the dining room decorations .. "were very effective. It was a beautiful a vote. it behooves and man EDITORIAL NOTES. every Certainly day and the very season of the year for who can exeit an influence r or cast a flowers ami fragrance, ami the sweet perto stand upon principle and maintain Sisters B. W. Smith, E. B. Wells and fume of roses and honey suckle with ,other vote, ' 1: t '. :;!.. s Sarah'J. Cannon went to Nephi. to attend varieties of swe blossom's, lent a ine ngiu acconmig 10 Lonvicuoii ;uiu one conscience, and not depend upon one or the Relief Society and Y. L.'M. L A. Con- delightful charm to the entertainment. Brother. and Sister. Tanner made a'strik- - two ideas that seem especially important, but ferences of Juab Stake held at Nepht-u- uTake into TrccOTinTTIie entire subject ami The 2 ancl 24th of June. Of these Con ing pieluie of tlMUselves" both are line situation as much as possible; it does seem ferences we shall expect Minutes for pubspecimens of physical endurance;" their without parallel that women, have come lication from the respective secretaries. years 'have apparently set lightly upon the of sufprivilege of equal them, though they have passed through Pkkstdknt Zina I), H. Young and her ' a when at the is in nation time such a frage' been many hardships, having Counselor Jane S. Richards, also Sister R. among the state of doubt and on such uncertainty in grave West in the their early pioneers E. Monch attended the Relief Society Conyounger married life, and come to the. Valley of "problems as are uowimminent, and the ference held at Ioua. Bingham Stake, Idaho, Salt Lake in J.S47, and helped to colonize solution of which no man knoweth. on thr Tith of Tune. 'Anostlp V H PiW It seems a harbinger of good too that the ards was here among tl ieviTyJiisL- - who sett led these present at the same Conference first votes of the women of this new State barren, vales. and spoke very interestingly upon the President George O.Cannon and wife, Pres. should be cast for the highest official in the Relief Society . These sisters had intended LorenzoSnow and wife.aud of theOuorunT Republic. Many men who have live.d in Bannock and Bear Lake Stakes, but of the AjKstles Franklin I), Richards, the West and helped "to 'colonize, have were hindered from making the trip on acF. M. Lyman and his aged mother, who is never yet voted for the President of the count of tlie high water. United seems Slates. uncommon This an TaiW-r'Brother sister, Patriarch Joseph The Y. L. M. I. A. of the Seventh Ward Home and w(e who so recently celebrated privilege given to the. women just entering their sixtieth wedding day, President into this new "land of promise" so long held its annual meeting on the evening of waited for and delayed. It is June. 6th, at tlie Ward meeting house, Angus M. Camion aud wife and Counselor a time when every vote should be cast, and Mrs. Carrie S. Thomas presiding. The Joseph ETaylwY Counselor C. W. Penwisely, if one were only 'sure, but women house was beautifully decorated .with. roses rose and wile, I bin. ... Joliii.. TV Caiue , should not be too timid and lose their and other flowers. and a defightful perfume George CrisnW wife and daughter, r. 1.1 .1 seek wisdom from the". Lord, was waneu me nouse. The exeropportunity; Mrs.- Zina I). 11. inrougn Mrs. oung, Wynecises to. all has and of He a were those most who choice and interesting seek promised "gar, Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, '.Mrs. E. B. shallimHim that know. is character. It they During the winter the girls Wells Mr. ami 'Mrs. James Brown and --had been studying the life of Joseph Smith, portant too that women others.-- - The a fternoon wa.s"spein in social" properly, and see to it' that shouldregister all those who and an exceedingly interesting review of the converse "mostly, re mi niseeWs of the early' A not citizens, but who can become so by subject was given by Miss Nellie Wallace, days in the Church. Brother Tanner is one who was quite original in her of the very few surviving members of the being naturalized, take the correct steps necesstyle and that have the manner accord' of sary may they the theme. privilege famous Zioii s camp. There was some Other presenting ed them under the of law the exercises new were State. well grand excellent instrumental music byVthe young exceedingly rendered, a ma'tter of congratulation to both even to the is It written original play by Miss people, and Miss Crismon sang very sweetmen and women,' and one we should be Blanche Thomas arid some four or five favorite selections which awakened. given by ly for and ' :' of Of, on that the grateful the proud old memories. girls. day , celebrated ' by all patriotic 'Americans Remarks were made by Sister K. B. It is needless to speak of the banquet The 4th of 1 896, the WelU ofour who July flag country gave personal remembrances of given to the honored couple and the bore to the breeze the forty-fiftthe star for Prophet Joseph, and by President assembled guests, including all the season's the first time at.tfie Nation's capital, and on Klmina S. Taylor and ' delicacies and a Lucy W. Smith wedding cake prpportion-- .' all thatTn Mrs. public Nelliebuildings C. as great City, .Taylor and Bishop ately large and rich for. the sixty 'years. well as other places, significant of the en- - ... vliuuicib ueserves great -- old-tim- e e j have-neve- - - 1 . ; J v X(X - -- to-isi- t -- s . . 1 . . ami-wife- , 1 - - . ; - -- : -- ' - . ' . , . . . . h ! - . -. r, 