! hXiTNtT Y.iM;VV :n;:; ?;r,;;f:,,r,,nn,' Uk 7 V"- ;'the mriumi and physical "lib man 'and thus "... ",'t:.- V Itl.'lt.llT -' ll. i'Tl fllr 1 t . III I ,,.,0, II 111 1 inlciKiirbc' only from works of othcrs.bufkthrougk K nc:s leadership in' matters mnv onratc. e action in of Utah, of dlVClse agvs, ,,,,1 ,tr,r,Vl . Wen' ' i. w HUM -- .. - V T r '. progress ol women. the good Moroni universal. industry, ijjx-ijbjc- cts - :.tl.w . V W A-c- 1 t- - !(!! 1.-.- " -1 KL1 Ho tlu i C , i i - -- . i - " ' ' . . fur--'tlMii- , a - . - of-Sa- A-iu- i-; - rj . yoijr--cordia-l - I . ; ;n'-:a- l j " !. ; " our State of Madame President, Delegates to the Fedthe mediant, the individual eration, Visitors from .Neighboring Cities, club represents being the tonic.and the general Federa- Friends: It is my pleasuie in behalf of'the . i V. till liU U liom: clubs to bid you welcome welcome without the gentle mediant, lying harmony to the metropolis vof 'irtahr-Sa- lt Iike City. between the strong foundation tone and the Welcome to the capital of this young imperial fifth, so ma) the State Federation State, within" whose 'domain assembled not fill its appropriate mission of bringing the long since a memorable convention, the individual club?- - into, accord with the great record of which shall go down to posterity as having granted the privilege .of suffrage" .dominant Federation.- Thus shall'the" full all to women, and wlfich State. it is. hoped,, Jiarmouy swell and roll until it floods ' of our laud. b'ed.era-tion"- club-organizati- i --vvi 1 1 1 ment. u p-- wiii el iew-car-eer crut',-.rtai- : Ma-.-achme- Us n lite-draw- n self-sacrificin- e tnrrt-rtaine- d inai:;-s;:rini- - clor.big-we'.&i:Id.exni.- i5 V V k n o w ed g e r?i t:;;1 rirrelb educati"!::. As aid: "From the hour pfihtlhg Phillips has was inveuted the biaiu" and not the arm tlie thinker and not the soldier, books' and. not kings, were to rule the world. Weapons forged in the mind, keen-edgeanci brighter than the sunbeam were to .supplant the sword and the battkax.'-ge' ee , -- and 1 -- d ki.us k. sinrr. I Ladies and (enfancn' i)K. Welcome to the birthplace of the first woman's club of the far West; In this beauti- ful valley, nearly a score oi years ago was have tire honor of reoresentimr the Jtah . Wonirm's press Club. Sincemaking our last report i() this noted organization; we have ma dv most gratifving progress, having admitted durine the oast year mauv new members all bright, active workers, ladies of high. -- ; 1 organized the mcipiency ot today's auspici- - j ous gathering, many, of the devoted, mem- oers oiwmcuunne mseuumgNou greeting., Welcome to the cause for which you have ecriie. The State Federation stands a con-literary taste and talents. necting link between individual clubs and We do not limit our membership, one of the General Federation. New clubs are conthe primary objects of .our organization be- stantly coming into existence. In some nijr 10 encourage young .writers and States the increase is. phenomenal..- Utah is their literary possibilities, our d doing its share. They are organized on an president being an .'adept .'in bringing e a plan of work indeendent out latent talent. Although many of the .and biing '.results to the State gathering. results would ..not 'jerhaps shine with TlkTractical interests of women are multi Shakespearean brilliancy vet ve have plying so rapidly that only in this way can listened to uauy 'choice thoughts that ' , we, folio w them value to the 4 would otherwise never had birth. Our workb motto is ;MThe good to the greatest Welcome to this Federation, which- - is number." Our lnenibership not beTng con- . . .... n i .1 pa ra m o u n t i :i i m po r t an ce to a ny preced i n g nueu 10 me environs ot bait Lake City because it one, isj the first and largest as, but extending; through the domain of of women in the new State. It only semblage the State oi Utah; ;V should establish our ability to perform a In reviewing our pasttor's work one is part more vital and more dignified in the surprised-wit-h work theanipunt large affairs of our time; it shoukfsecure doije this the by club, greater part of every ; : ; ; li.a-uub- lion-oi-e- , .r: ; Wt , , . - pX-origina- .1 . 1 . - : 1 1 . iycold basis;-arrang- ' ,. g -- J . Mrs.-.Oswald- culti-vateva- ll eir Mini'TKS of meeting held in A' '?.ia.''s KxroNi:;T Office,- May J'j iSqG, Mrs. Kate Groesbeck in the chair. Sang, "Help the woiking women," .leaver by Sang' "Odnmbia's' daughters. " Minutes of last meeting read and approved; after .vhich the secretary read a lecture on townships from K'irke's Civil Government. The. president made some remark on Civil Government and spoke about holding parlor i t i i I. ,t tuougiu .iuaL uie laaies couia express their views better in an informal mee.i-inMu tlie regular rajjeting. than Mrs. J. Fewsoii Smith made Sv)uie remarks on common .law.' Mrs. G ram es read from Roberts- rules of order. C- Newman read the Constitution of W. S'A.:'oLUtah Jl and "also read th? nrtick 7mm Hip lUrif.A daily times on 'MJniversal Suffrage'' by Klizabetlr Purrill Curtis. ;ine President favored taking the "study of Woman's Manual of Parliamentary La w. 'rAr parlor 'meeting; was appointed tov be "held two weeks from date at Mrs; Xewman's home Adjourned for one month. Benediction by ' Mrs. Holling. - " and-giveth- ) 1 -- jjarts on mx r eii4e-r-- pon-a- -i of purer politics and better govern- , 1 ! . . . , - Pai-,ainu;t:ir- ! s, tht Lau, s,n;iv f. lield but once a month Unr meetings are culled b: t!ie .PresidcKt .for the .uixc-s- . tiansa.ti! u of business According to our byddws we elect ofiicers to hold a:i once a year, no one is. years, thus .jjlk e lohgcr.'thau two successive ' h t m ( e i i g tb e g n a te r r u be po rtuni tT g y h the ex; enen'-,-ear it lias been our i lining the past of 'notable privilege b people. In August last the gentlemen. cd thhnai press cotirteonsfy invited the I'res Club to asM.--l in .entertaining h'e Gmveuti' r. of Wc stern edit' is then .. 'l'he .Iisses 7.' i .':. tor tile Pacific C ;;st. a rglouin'g Cha-- c of us "gave description of; their bfcig-- travels in various oarts of the world: also I r. Sarah J. Klliot awakened in onr minds inan-newho id. as by her pictures of the labors of Mbs Clara noble barton. .Mrs. Laura M. Johns the. suffrage" speaker and 'Tganier Was also entertained' by us quite recently, .and last though far ofiicers of the Utah Federafrom leat-,-thtion of Voi:ia;i.'s. Club.s, by hpeeial'invita-lior- . h. 0110 red us with their presence.: is most our club Frequently at tb.e homes of its members,-thufostering a spiiit of sociability vh;ch" r in our case is the of love and unity, this in turn being the; true secret of strength and power. In s as ihelsenti-- ; ment of the Utah Woman's Press Club: Tliv press the friend of justice and. reason,... the b.st .exponent, of virtue ard a otent p.-rmitt- -- is.jk-unison- : - ' . it-- AVV-jisv- fori.nv.latul' a .plan lor Hit t, y ( . . -- .a.uj'lr caL and ' , h;,,i,,.ci t litituH-i,inimnets it; tme ininu to lea ve- - to. jm ntrfh y a - ja vy oi s methods ot Goddess surmounting our city and county noble 'thoughts anJn-fprove.ride justifies it; thevagle bom our.eily f them that hYe, that it may t nil v be s.dd out Govern"the world, is. better for their having livyl gate screams it; the flag bom ' ment building,'- our .club home on .Fifth. in . at boil .The women of tin4. Reapers C!'ubaim to Fast Haunts it; the, siguab guns the Douglas boom yarnr welcome: Alt nature gi asp the sickle of. industry and enter bio-.-mlhe.birds.sing it, the fields of science and knowledge, to reap and -the hind ,. into sheaves, golden truths, with il nvers mid foliage, lend their incense: dm it is a which to store the granaries. 'of the intellect wind' whispers it, while We. prod and action Ul a daily joy to have, you with us . we arc, pr.md to as food and'- do you honor; the proceedings to luhtnv progressive liilvin alt that is; helpful ' shall be UHpirei. by ycxir presence; we uplifting to the Unman race. Mri. J.: M. Kimball, of (gdeii, reported- esteem.- it, a privilege to prwller our h pitalily. Again, 'we bid you sincere and Coterie, of which we have no synopsis. Lake auil.i hea rt k It we irne.v Mrsiihii'.r. IV- jn.-sIn renly lo Mrs. La Barlhe's coidiality, Mrs Iv'lt'. Crahnm ofOjden were nonii- " nated as" Ike first a; id Second choice lor state" MVs'." McVicker, as prudent ".or the hciera. rorresoondents of the General Federation tion, said: -I in nenau Mrs. W. C. Jennings was elected tail r J,atiesot the bait i.aufc Corresptiii demt for the Lotus the .'official of the Utah Fcderatitn of 'Women': Clubs welcome. I assure 7 respond to organ of Women's-ClubsThe Author's Club of frill Lake was you (hat we appreciate mo.t 'deeply your mitted to :nemlership, its delegate iii the care and labor in )rovidmg for'our coniiort convention was Augusta W. (bant. 'This and enioyment wluleh'ere, but especially d ' we ieel your generous words ot encourage- closed the business meeting. Tenij)ting lunch was served in the par-- . .ment.'ajid appreciation .of our great work oi Tors--o- f the hall by Salt Lake club .'women; advancing the intellectual, social and all the visiting delegates were entertained development of .the. women of I'tali. as also rdl the Presidents', and delegates of! May we attain to the. high standard you b have outlined for us, and our efforts be felt the City Clubs. The afternoon . opened with .au ad-- . 1. for good in all that. concerns our new Slate. . dress of welcome by Mrs. K. La Barthe It is said that all good things conic by '; threes. It is certain that the triad in. music who extended to all a Cordial welcome. is the foundation jaf alLharmony. In the-'tr-al t neir p;c tical ivntific,-- " ' i I ; 'bave )ecn historical, biographical, ct:-sTo- iV .1.... v.; . cu, session being de Voted U this line of. work. ( lor con 4de rat ion and di. or prtssm-l- j j . - 