WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - THE OTHER WORLD. 'S'-r KlV OT-V.C.- " ST(VV I:.. ' j IT lies arouna us like a cloud, ; v The world vve cio not see;" Yet the sweet closing of an eve .May bring us there to be. ' ...... . : . . The.silence, awful, sweet and calm, They have no power to break; For mortal words are not for them To utter or partake. ... ... r o . il : . inm, sosoirjso.sweei-iue- y . . gltue,--- , So near to press they seem, They hill us gently, to onr rest, They melt into our dream. , - y publisher for it, until a young Boston publisher finally consented to bring it out in It met with tinequaled success, 1852. 313, wo copies were sold in the United Sweet hearts around us throb and be at, Sweet helping hands are stirred, And palpitates the veil between With beatings almost heard. -. ..- anti-slaver- i . ; acccptVd the professorship of Natural and Keveakd Religion in Bowdoiu College, Bruns.viVk. Me., she: contributed to the Nath'malJira, an naper, pub- lished at Washington, " Uncle Tom's Cabin." as a serial'. When the story, was completed,, she long and vainly sought a j Its gentle breezes fan our cheeks Amid our worldly cares; Its gentle voices whisper love, And mingle .with our prayers. - "V-vi- "' i ; : States within three years and a, half, and in all, over half a million copies, including a German edition prepared there. In Great Britain its sale was 'enormous. It was translated into twenty different languages, including W'elsh, Russian," Armenian', Arabic, Chinese and Japanese; there were k fourteen different German and' four different French versions; and it was dramatized in " ' various lorms, She subsequently published "A 'Peep into Uncle Tom's Cabin for Children" (1853); and "The. Christian Slave; ti Drama' founded on "Unce Tom'sCabm" (1S55). As some of the statements of fact in the work .were denied, Mrs. Stowe published in 1853, "A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin," givingthe original facts and - statements on which it was based. She visited Km ope in 1853, and the. results of her observations, were published in 1854, in "Sunny Memories of Foreign Lands." A little work entitled "Geography For My Children' was published in 1855, and the next year appeared her second novel "Dred: a Tale of the Dismal Swamp." In hex subsequent work Mrs. Stowe often delineated the quaint old domestic life of New Knglaiid of fifty or a. hundred years ago. In September, 1869, Mrs. Stowe con- -- . And in the hush of rest they bring, 'Tis easy now to see . How Jovely.and how sweet a pass The hour of death may be; To close the, eye and close the ear, Wrapt in a trance of bliss, And gently drawn in loving arms, To swoon from that to f his; Scarce knowing if we wake or sleep, Scarce asking where we are, To feel all evil sink away, v All sorrow and all care; Sweet Souls around us Watch us still, Press nearer to our side, .'Into our thoughts, into our prayers, With gentle helping glide. Let death between us be asnauj hied and vanished stream: Your joy be the reality, Our suffering life the dream. -- . . . anti-slaver- y Ui tributed mil in lh"f;r Macmillans Mda2inet as in some sort a reply to Countess Guiccioh's "Recollections of Lord Byron," an article entitled "The True Story of Lady Byron's Life." This article evoked a storm of literary criticism almost unprecedented, and the tempest was by no means allayed by the 1 HARRIET BKKCHKR STOWE. .TV-niV- i and expectation, .ojf 'visiting sisters from" Salt LakeCity made .tlieirtippearauce in clue season, and were heai til' welcome. Thursday the o inst. was devoted to a Primary Conference of this sta'ie. Two' meetings were held, at 10 a. m. and 2 p. 111. A. large Dumber of children, ranging from three to fifteen years, were gathered together looking: very sweet and pretty in' their white dresses, and bright ribbous and" flowers. The exercises jvere conducted almost entirely by the children. Sister Lula Greene Richards, as the representative of the Presidency of the Primary Association, ably sustained her position, assisted by the earnest and zealous efforts of Sisters C. C. R. Wells and Mar) A. Freeze. The conference was, altogether, satisfactory, and ' ' profitable. Friday, June ioth, the Annual Conference of the Y. L. M. I. Association convened at 10 a. m. under tliC-- Presidency of Sister Rosenia Jarvis. Reports were made" by oificers cf various wards, indicating an encouraging condition of their associations. A paper, on the subject of "Love, Courtship and Marriage" was read by its author, Sister Julia A. Macdonald of the St. George M. I. A. The rest of the day was occupied in a most impressive and profitable manner, by Sister Mary A. Freeze, representing the general su peri u tendency of M. I. A. work, ' and her colleagues. On Saturday, the 2th inst. the regulir quarterly conference of the Relief Society of this stake, convened in the Lyceum. President Ann Woodbury presiding. Reports of an encouraging naturewere heard from all the ward officers present, also the last financial and statistical report. Sister C. C. R. Wells ably acted her part as , - ' 1 C Uie V icegtrfeittF-AtiTit'Zin- a andheriiids7 giving much timely ' advice and encourage- ment. Fallowing directly on these meetings came our regular quarterly Stake Conference, at which the usual good spirit preOn Sunday evening", a conjoint vailed. meeting of the two M. I. Associations and . -- as - usualr .h.eSunday Schools- ,Beechek .Stowe died publication in SyojoJIrsStowesjvvork Harriet Tt o t U. i r TUitledrLady"Byron Vindicated." She at which our sisters again raised their zi w,, w. UI Col OULXL, Living in XlcUUUlU, was also for some time one of the editors of voices in encouragement and exhortation to Wednesday, Jul' i. Ilcaith and Home and a frequent cou- - the young people. .Mrs. Stowe, the daugliter of Lyman was-call- ed Mrs. .. X Beecher, June 15, was. .born at Litchfield, 1S11. . i Conn., At an early age she mani- fested a great eagerness for books," and read the prosy theological works of her - The earlv father's library- with t j of life her were in the intellectyears spent ual atmosphere of Litchfield, which was a famous resort for ministers, judges4 lawyers and professional men of culture and education. When about twelve years of age she went to Hartford, where her sister, Catherine, had opened a school While here, she was known as an absent-mindea)nd moody young lady, odd in manners and habits, but a fine scholar exceline: esneci- ally in composition writing-- . In 1 83 2 she ' went 10 Cincinnati, to which place her father had removed, where they opened a school. On Jan. 5,. 1836, she married Rev. Calvin Stowe. D. .0 , professor of Biblical history in Lane Seminary , over which her father presided. During Mrs. Stowe's intervals of leisure amidst family cares, she contributed to the periodicals,, sketches and short stories; but apart from one or two Sunday school books sue attempted nothing of more importance eae-erness- d -- A : untiL-i&sOj--when-he:- husband "liaving tributor to the Atlantic, Independent and Altogether, we feel that ve have had a other periodicals time of feastine and .reioicinp-- and onlv xv pieasant episoae was the observance ol hope our Visitors enjoyed it as much as we; her seventieth birthday by a garden party, One thing they will certainly remember, Atlantic-Monthlythe and that is the heat, which was Unusually given by publishers of the Governor Claflin tendered the oppressive during their stay. God speed use of his extensive grounds at Newton, and them on their way ' a large company of literary men and woJulia x. Macdonai.d. men were present.St. George, June i6th 1S06. In 1S52 her husband was appointed to fill,, the chair of Sacred Literature at Andover (Mass.) Seminary, and she resided there NOTKS AND NKWS. u nti 1 1864, when , owing to faili ng health, he resigned and moved to Hartford, Conn,, The address7 of Mrs. Klizabeth Cady " where he died Aug. 22, 1SS6. Stanton for the summer will be Peterboro, r,Irs. vStovve has since her husband's Madison Co., N. Y. death, lived in Hartford, occasionally passing her winters in Florida,. where she ownThe death of Jules Simon causes another ed an, extensive orange grove: ' ' vacancy in the French academy. There is ; Boston Transcript- good authority that Kmile Zola will notbe elected to fill the place. AN INTKRKSTING TIMK. Miss Elizabeth' Upiiam Yates, of Maine,, who has been in the Suffrage cam-- . Jiditor Exponent: paign in California, visited our City on :her With pleasure I take my pen to chrohicle way home,' but much to our regret could t he pleasa nt happe n i n gs of the past" few only remain two days. Miss Yates is a days in sunny Dixie. Agreeable to promise very charming, woman. . . j . ! ' . - . . - ... .' t 