EXrONKNT. sum- - t: j 1 ; '. JslNG out Ye joyous weddiiii; bells - Let your sweet 'music fill the air. A wedding festive te at fund So extol it everywhere. 'Let your notes be clear as crystal Laden with joy, peace and love, "" With heart-fel- t thanks and gratitude, To the great God above. ! I " s "And litter grief has 'Mi'rMt Jltfoyrit-(vj&x-tar- s . - . oft" lias fiTTcTl thTir '. guide-pointe- For three score years ago toil ay You sent forth a happy peal While modest maid arid buoyant youth Did at the sacred altar kneel. 'Twas then your notes were filled with hope Thought was found there blending, Hut now lifer's fierc est storms are past, And in paths of truth they still are wending. "Hioliorrdw . . 'K.!rr0 v ia i?onorrbf the sixtieth armiversriry of the marriage of Brother ami Sister Ty!er,rj ' these ruins are very beautiful. The group the golden splendor of the sun. We - came buildings about the Stabian gate extend-- j A'or&J'bsd made over the lava that was ed aloiig U;e sitfe the Xofuin," tiffs? ago, it. was not yetr by: J)oric'rpottU. 'cboctrr Hie ctc vices we' saw blossom si The and near theThermal or batlw is the elegant lava Incomes black as it cools it forms house Vlkthver" makes, the dwelling of great,' waves, and mounds and one side Our Glauctis, tin Tragic Poet. The house of 'seemed to form quite a mountain. out all places of interest and Sallust, the bakery wherej were the loaves of bread. The streets are paved with, the excavations of Ilerculaneuni from which blocks of lava, they have stepping stones at this or that relic was taken. We stopped .the cross ways,' and there a re' deep ruts made when near Cooks Hotel to feed the horses by the chariot wheels.' We found they had and refresh ourselves; our lunch was spread, a complete sewer system. A private resi upon a large table and consisted of bread, deuce consists of a central room or atrium, cold ham and chicken, clatet and pears and with smaller apartments- clustered about eaten amidst some merriment. Upon the. left or we court had hotel we visited those an the carriages it;, open reaching a mile half for about behind to surrounded climb Atrium the and by garden legan columns and. called the peristylium ; the through brush and' a little gtove of trees, houses had no outlook upon the street and the air growing hotter and Jiotter the the rooms on either side the entrance were smoke coming nearer. Ivmefging front rented as shops, and they rolled down the this we found ourselves at the tdge of the' "Wooden blinds as they do now. The wall internal fires. We all with one acecord to one lady paint ingswe're of landscape,, mythological shrank back but a mtive-saifigures and scenes from history aiid daily " Courage mamma and take a look at the. lile, the mosaic- work on the floors wercv Furnace of the devil, if you come to Vesuornamental designs in black and white, but vius and don't see the crater it is. iike in the Cas:i del Fanno' it represented the goingto Rome and not seeing the Pope "One Rattle of Alexander, and we saw beautiful lady remarked 0 I have seen enough, do mosaic at the houses of the fountains and' at hope it won't Income eruptive while we are the door or entrance hall of one house, was here, it is dreadfully warm." The guide a bear in mosaic. In the temple of Isis took me upon, the surface of cool lava, it our guide pointed out the passage where burnt my shoes and feet and looking up the priests used to pass underground to the under this crust was an enormous caldron statue to answer the questions when the of molten lava it was an appalling sight. people appealed to the Oracle. Leaving Looking down at my feet there were crevices and I could see the cool lava was the ruins we drove back to Naples. Saturday, Jsov. 50. Larly breakfast and only about three inches thick,, under this the ladies took ojx.ii carriages for the exwas the awful lake of fire and sulphurous cursion to Mt. Vesuvius via 'Resnia, the flames were constantly emitted "See how"" It will not break through gentlemen going horseback via Pompeii thin the cru.t the ladies could go with them if good Signora or I would not stand here, but if it did, Presto you are dead, you will not equestrians, but all prefered the drive. The last eruption dcslroye Cooks rail- - sigh you will not moan so soon, will it be wav from y etui of fR rtxiai-f.-- -can iiith you of trtcr , so take a; look-tthe summit of the Cone. ,So we had a the infernal regions." guide, our manager going with the gentleFrom these crevices the hot lava woi!'. ! men. 'The morning was fine, the drive bubble up, cool a little, break off and run pleasant, the villas of the "rich had high slowly down the mountains. We gave the d walls but from "the glimpses of natives centimes and they took a pole, dipthem they seemed like Paradise. Outside ped it into the molten lava, wound it were the poor at work, litt'' children seem-earound like molasses candy, dropped it to be weaving silk this early, eating dry on a rock,the pennies in, which burned bread arid maccaroni ; they were still at a blue flameputa second or so long .enough to vork when we returned at night, there melt the superscription, then! became a seems no happy medium it is affluence or. black mass which we have as souvenirs. squalor. Italians were co n stan tly s w a rm Returned to Naples. r"' XexFmbrmng'the iug about the carriages urging us to buy gentlemen said their trip was most fatigutheir wares 15 Lira and coming down ihree the smoke hot, choking and blinding, their and four Lira at a time, finishing with ing boots burned past wearing and they .saw ' What will you " give Signora ?' ' We were nothiug. ,'".''-;'with all the beseiged beggars. way, old and If the wind is just right it blows away the young, some were repulsive and we avoided them if possible as we could not benefit them smoke, you see the bright prismatic colors and theyhad what we considered canable from the crystals of sulphur, alum and stalactites. of injuring us.. One pretty little child ran iron and beautiful '' v. Kim. after our carriage along a steep hillside for more than, a mile clamoring for "A sou. Srgnora," until fearing she would be lost we threw her some, thereby inviting a number of children' to try for more by turning cartwheels for our amusement. Where Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.: I asked they came from was su rprising. the guide if there was no provision made SALT LAKE CITY. Lor .the old and feeble, and he replied, "Ample, they prefer to beg as they make more money. 'Flie Leading Hettiil As we ascended the'; mountain the grandeur of theview iucreas- V the" was volcano with its Jront, smoke and down the mountain side- from '! many crevices streams of bright red lava were slowly flowing, back of us the Sea . and Islands the water like ghss reflected heaits left its traces, . . The sun's shone brightly thro' the clouds And still illuminates those faces. Blessed are you, dear aged friends. ... . Who launched your bark on life's stormy sea So many, many years ago To be preserved this day to see -- With fond hearts sjill aglow" with love, Both for each other and tfie truth, . Anil the vows at the altar given, .. So long ago in' your happy youth ; So now ring out ! Ye merry hells Let not one shadow your tones bedim, But let your rich notes gladly tell Of the richer qualities within. ! -- -'- , j For our Patriarch and his winsome bride Who still are working hand in hand In the great cause of lighteousn.css. ' Among Zion's most faithful, stand. Ring out, let the angels catch the strain' And carry it heavenward pray, And there in endless peace and joy May they sing the eternal wedding day. ! 1 . o 1 " " Faknswokth. W. Beaver City, Sep. ri, 186. w;e-ha- LIwWKS FROM MY JOURNAL,. d - Friday, Nov. 29. After breakfast we entered our ajringes and drove "past the house ot 1 asso, all embowered in groves and flowers, on to Castcjlamar ten ; miles away, through ..the town and on to Tom-- peii. During the drive the. volcano was before us, and watching the smoke it seemed to twist'and coil into every conceivable shape, having .heardthe saying "It-ithe gate, of the infernal region," could fancy heads and forms and alt kinds' of weird things. Pompeii and Ilerculaneuni, cities of Ancient Italy on the Mediterranean at the" foot of Vesuvius, because of their beautiful' location and- - healthful climate were much' frequented by the wealthy families of Rome, and in Aug.- 79 A. D. they were completely overwhelmed by the eruption of Vesuvius. Irom the entrance of Pom peii we first visited; the M Use u m where were the remains of people and the articles found in the excavations ; they estimate 2,00a perished but there are only a few figures here with many curious things. Then directly to the Forum where are the Bosicila or hall of justice, the temple of Jupiter, the temple of Venus ..which was unfinished when the' city was destroyed, the Pantheon "and the "Triumphal Arch, 1 -- s -- - . ' ' -- 4 ' . - - ". - " " R.K. THOMAS j " - ; : ; -- nouse K.THOMAS 