There the linWthat here are. broken ArP ;rKJU'r''crif ;nd by this token kjjo.t.'iat Ch'nsi to us hath spoken . . 'LKtJic me" come, to little., one-- ' Up anion;.; thcshiniii; mansions In Goal's kingdom they will be. I. vi) i a I). . Sunday, June ;th, I J A I) I E S ' SUM " r - ' tSt:r M() v Alder. ' J I EY MEETING, -- Mi:urn:s of. meeting held in the Hall April icS, 1S96; Ward Four-emt- A-em- President h bly Home presiding. Isabella ,M. yeSaints: " "Prayer SiiiL'in;': "Come come - by MargarcuF. Steele. Neither ' of the secretaries being present Julia C. Howe read the minutes of previous meeting' which were approved and Mary L. Morris acted as secretary. the sisters; President Hornc addressed i r ... ii... i oeeu aoseiu irom uic oi , ..having sp:ke sickof meetings sonic, weeks on account ness in the family," desired to fill hei mission as a teacher' in Israel wished to be humble and bear her part acceptably before God,' 'urged .the sisters to be very watchful, "Satan does not sleep, we are having an easy time.and we must be the more diligent, easiness is dangerous; there are trials ahead both' for men and women but the spirit of God will kuideHis aright, we are to.be tried in all things, the time is not far distant when the dividing line will come, trials are friends in disguise, let us be careful lest after we have taught others, we may be a caraway. Just as soon as we become lifted up we: are in great danger. I have lived to .see .Counselors of the Prophet Joseph re. moved, let us not speak against the Lord's anointed, whatever we """think, let u not ' speak it; spoke of lying reportsYnd lying spirits .referred to tlie Lord .wanting to . of Till) .i ud n a iin: i h nf Sintnn vnntim to save people in their sins.v Mary L. Morris followed bearing and speaking of the Gospel being tree to 'all, but tney must come in ai the door, as we had done. E. J. Sfreuson spoke of the sacred minutes taken by the secretary Eliza R. Snow, wheui the Prophet organized the Relief Society,, remembered Sister Home's teaching wheli, she carried her" babies n her arms, and could never, no, never forget it, asked the sisters to pray for Sister Home and Sister Zina. and cherish the s'weet influence they felt in that house. Sister Francis, 'let us be one, if we are not united, the evil one will creep in among unmade other good remarks. Sister Burns, "let us'honor the priesthood, I love to read the Bible, my mother taught me to read a little every day, and I found that the ministers of the sects of the day could' net answer my questions. I read the book of Mormon - on my- - knees and : asked - God to show me if it was true, he answered my prayer: Miss Glade testified that she had been a witness that the dead had been M. w A . -- TRIBUTE TO S I S T I v R 1 , , t . r ..veiJiar Alr.l'.irk't'r Ur.U.m of Parliamentary ... . Peoples vIec ting . held Tnlia Wurdv Howe, uresiJ lr, the- cuair dent of the Association,, - - . 4 - occupiea and made a graceful and appropriate ex'T tempore address. She said:In inlrodueiugthese young exponents of our cause. I am acting a a sort of grandmother to the meeting. I hope you will. - it... it 1 : i- - - 1 cliii ..Ii a thought that graudiuotbers were a "good plan." It oughtto beso,. for one genera- P E T E R S 0,Nr ' - ' ' , Mary A. ?. Hvdk. May 27th, .1896.. tion is lifted on the shoulders of the one that .goes before it. Mr. Bronson Alcott once said, at a meetin?-- that fie. was weighed down by the sins of the generations that, had gone before him; and I sprang up and protested that I could not hear my anc.es- 1 telt lilted up ana intors thus malignedspired by the good deeds of my ancestors. When girls first went to college they had to by Presiendure dreadful prognostications . dent Elliot aud others-- They were warned of .'downward influences' and it was : feared that thev would lower the standard of scholarship.' These young men and wo how unnecessary men will show were these forebodings. We need' their Hope springs eternal in the presence. hearts of youth. They are filled with the .splendid courage that conquers the world, They bring back the freshness of our ideals, grown dusty. in our yearsvo'f conflict. Tonight we shall gather great hope ami from their voices." . , - -- to-nig- ht - . S. L. CO. W. S. A. Minutks of meeting held - hall;-Apri- viTTrUtarrVrtma?vPrcsUuhietat .fteiYMdiMiss of her the office. of. the Woman's Kxpon'knt, Wednesday evening, June 3rd, 1896, President H. B. Wells in the chair. Opened with prayer by Mrs. C." C. R. Wells. Minutes of previous meeting read and with. two exceptions approved. .The exceptions were tint Miss Barton president of the Red Cross society be mentioned by her full name Clara Barton.- Also that Mrs. Brown who wrote the club, tue interesting tetter from Washington D. C. be mentioned by her full name Isabella Cameron Brown. . A visitor to the club for. the evening was Miss Svbil Stewart. Mrs. Kinmi J. .McVicker was unanimously voted a member of the 1.4.1. nt'LA luai xji. ik. KUttl M. f OX niOVeu flllt (JlUD. B. Pratt ,be chairman of a new prog'ram rnmmittfp and select her aids. Motion carried. Ur. Pratt chose Dr. E. B. Ferguson and Phoebe C. roung as members of the Committee. . Phoebe C. Young read an interesting paper on "The Armenians,'" which will T"l T ' . :. of Wisdom strjctly. Agnes Hunter testified to what Miss Glade had said, also said that as soon as she received the Gospel she had the spirit of gathering, to Zion. Jeaunette Morris, bore testimony to all Remarks on the, subject were made by S i ste'r Home, h ad said , "the re is not bin g outside of the Gospel, God is .rip respector Mrs. E. B. Wells, Dr.; Ferguson and others. of persons, the truth is free to all." Isabel Meeting adjourned until June 30th, 8 p. m. Workman testified of being raised from al- Closing prayer by Dr. R. B. Pratt. :. E. S.. Wilcox,. Sec. pro tern. most death; when The :' consecrated, oil v w- rkv - - , KniutiL-Ne- experiences in the Fast both" spoke in politics and religion. Speaking of politics, she said that it is the fad of the hour in society in New- York at the present time. And Susan B. Anthony who was received indifferently at first and later received respectfully, was now sought after by fashionable New York to speak at their parties and dinners. She said that the eyes of the whole world were on Utah and her people at the present1 time: and that we -- ' in fourteenth 21st. Sang America." Prayer by Mrs. MeFarlaue. Roll calj. Minutes of last meeting read and approved: Ward - U. W. P. C. - - 1 Young ft e . . a in HiKtnn 4'.ihVt ' . ; At V f testi-mon- i e; 1 , MRS. HOWIC TO YOUNG PKOPLH. my painful duty to say a Again my few words in regard to the departure-olcloved friend and counselor, Sister S. A. Peterson, so closely .following our mutual friend and codaborer Sister M. W. Snow wliose death she mourned and wrote me her f r my bereavement. deep sympathies Little did I then suppose she would so soon leave me, to stand alone! Sister Peterson was true and faithful under all circumstances and ever ready to assist-thpoor aud comfort the afflicted and her loss will be felt by many. She was devoted to her husband President" C.. Peter-.- , son and their numerous family who love and reverence her memory, besides ,bing "a settlepublic benefactor and visiting alJ the feelments in the stake once or twice a year, ing an interest in every one's wxlfare. I cannot express the desolation I felt in being deprived of this my valued friend and onlv remainiucr counselor. I feel to in trnVt n ck now'lere the 'harioroftllT-tu- id His dispensation , for. 1 1 e doet h all things well, "Blessed be the name x)f the Lord." J-uv- . 1. VTilc(' to rc: chapter Iyaw. Discussion. . pro-tem- Tt accmfnr'of v'isitj.o. Denver I feel it - r 1AV . Deaf Sister Wells- - 'i-- Sec. IMuKKis for. Program; . - " . lune otJi, b p.in. Svrxz? iveU .IrptalSir Walter Scott; lV,em: by; touched her head, it was like electricity, her ' son too had been raised; from a- vty i low condition,, sioke of the' Word oi Wisdom and that the desire fur tea had been" taken from' her, Khilina S. Taylor, President of the Y. L. M. I. A., said she had been blest ir attending the Geherat Conference, .referred to -- evil speaking, especially against the of priesthood, knew our leaders were men God, and that, we did not have to put out our hands to steady the ark. said there vroiUd be a greater apostacy than ever liau been. President Home made closing remarks. Sang "Lord dismiss us with thy blessing." Benediction by Julia C. Howe. - ..; '' 1 KXPONKNl. WOMAN'S COlllU UOl icaii,c iir; duvauugc hc have over tlie women 111 tne east. ,bne sDoke at' some k;ngth of tlie political situa 1 tion in New York and of the thousands of men of foreign "birth wdio could "not speak" the English language, who were allowed to cast their vote and were willing to sell it for twenty five cents while a woman of education "and superior intellect bad no voice in the matter. The average American boy imbibes politics all his life , while the" girls must be taught, and in no country in the world do women have the opportunity to teach' them that the women of Utah have. We must go ahead aud interest every women in Utah in the study of political science. Benediction by Mrs. Oswald. ....r -- ' 