Vm; lhrUli (r the iStli ward Bishopric, and when all was finished the coverlet 0 an Helen's" trials and sweet ilowers was thrown over the mound 'sacrifices she was-- greatly blessed in .being and tearfully the long precession of mournefaVdnM'vitll tin.' love of -- parents,. husband,. rs- turned Homewards. May the Lord children &.nd' friends, and hi being shielded comfort them all .and especially the child-- , ' from every cafe and perplexity pos- - ren and by them grandchildren, and give them ; Vible.peace, strength and courage to abide in the In frieiid.ship 110 truer woman ever lived faith, and 'fight the '.good light as valiantly than Helen ; ? he was constancy itself; and as their sainted mother has done. possesedthcLt sweet diarity for the weak "So He iriveth His sL.enr " and unfortunate. that of the .erring Psalm CXXV.II. .v.: 2. partakes was a she sublime. the Alwn'ar. grand and magnificent womin. Of this dear and departed one the writer ran truthfully say, - 4noacu. prayer. by. Sister iug: V Xp w :M. its , .fnr rAnCi vation."' ' The jjtng-.'--'- .' . jej iri;tifj.vv " first weaker - was ii ser:1 Mary Pitchfortlj, Pie'sident of the "Relief Society of Juab Stake she expressed her self as ' feeling we had .much to be thank-- " .'Ait for as a society, and felt' that in their Stake they had been greatly blessed tem- porally and spiritually; 'a few years ago they had one small meeting house but' the laud on which it was built was very valuable and they had sold it for 3000 and alter- wards built two new respectable houses,. one for each ward with every con- venieuce for meeting and storing things TEA. ' J lliOU art lie frrend whrclrtl'tey had on hand, aiul the rooms shadows of the whom To long years extend." Mrs. Jamks SiiAupgave a delightful were provided with suitable furniture, tene-Helen Mar Kimball was born iuMendon, Kensington party 011 Friday, November 20, chairs, rockers etc., they also have a ment house of two nice adube rooms ; these Monroe County, New York, August 22, at the handsome family residence on South things are done by faith and woiks com-- j ,s:St and was married to Horace K. Whit- Temple. The parlors, library and dining-roobined. The Relief Society in all places were beautifully decorated with ney in Xauyoo, Illinois, February 3, 1846 should have something of its own ; spoke died in Salt Lake City. November 15, i.Sy6, flowers "in season and out of season-- " vio ' ui nit: movi nine 111c Miias iiuti 1:1 1047, lets from the Pacific Coast, carnations, chryaged 'OS years; 2. months and 26 days. Sister Kliza R. Snow would meet santhemums of various shades, scarlet gerau- - when She was the mother of eleven children, with them from house to house-ithe Old while the faint oder of heliotrope willy five of whom survive" lier six others Tunis, Fort. ' What a happy 'mingled" with the sweet" fragrance of the having passed away. Sifter Annie J. Wixom, Secretary of the reunion there must be,, and what rejoicing larger blossoms. " The tables-- were beautithere when the meeting takes place far ful in snow white damask with line hand-- , Relief Society of Box Fldcr Stake, represented the work there in place of the presiexceeding-iintensity the sorrow of those painted" china, 'and the repast was dainty dent who was not well to attend. left behind, enough for the most fastidious- - taste, and She stated that when theenough Stake Tabernacle Sister Whitney's funeral services were was gracefully served by members of the in Brigham City .was burned, each ward household which made it all the more held in the 18th Ward chapel where-heagreed to give ten dollars and save 0:1 Orson P. Whitney has been. Bishop lor tempting to the guests if that weie possible. society their Sunday cggs as a donation ; however The part of the enjoyment most highly inu number of years, and where his mother the poor with them had- always been the always attended service when she was able teresting was the, music given by Miss first consideration, the sisters in that county and has borne many testimonies of the Celie Sharp whose exquisite rendering of The pure white casket contain-- " difficult music is and on this were interested in the silk industry, they Gospel. are anxious to make the business more reing her mortal body was borne by her brothers occasion was highly appreciated by lovers munerative than it is. " Like others in our ons in law from the hearse to the chapel; ofthe divine art. Miss Sharp gave imwe are preparing for the greet priviover the casket wasaccverlet of ilowers beaupromptu Chopin 2nd and. 12th Rhapsodies, placeof lege voting. I have never heard instruc- - ' tiful and pure, emblems of her own sweet Lizi, Tauiilnuser and others. Conversatiou given to men ab mt preparing to vote." hie. Other floral gifts from the children, tion ;was general and of course .interesting Sister Wixom made other excellent rerelative. and friends were numerous and when thirty women or more assembled on woman's work and duties. It mark., very lovely"; indeed the fragrance filled the principally to enjoy a social alternoon. isterJydiaiclrlxeident-of-the-- Ri wai Scarcely anldfa3hioned tea paxtyr S. of Morgan Stake testified to the union in The services were conducted by the because there were too many modern luxtheir Stake ; they visited all around twice a I'ishop's Counselor, Robert Patrick, aud the uries and more new fashioned costumes. The guests present were Mesdames- Zina year, she felt thankful that the Relief SociPatriarch Jos. C". svakcrs were, after it Emma ety had been such a blessing to her and to Kingsbury an old and esteemed friend of I); II. ouug, Bathsheba all, thought all were improving and doing the family, Apostles II.. J. Grant and John Woodruff, Sarah Jane Cannon, Charlotte Richards, Susan H. Smith, Susanna a good "work looking after the poor aud the Henry Smith, President Angus M. Cannon P aed aud gathering up wheat; she often "and President Jos. F. Smith, each one Spencer, Sophia Sharp, Mary A. Freeze, wondered why the aged seemed so near' to testifying of her virtue, her integrity and Chloe ISldridge, Martha T. Cannon, Maggie herfelt blest in all her labors, asked the" her fidelity to the Gospel. The music was Sharp, Sarah Diiiwoodey, Mary Schettler, Lord to care for us'all. . frniished by II. G. Whitney aud the Carlie Y. Cannon, Maria Dougall, Sister L. M. Hart,; Counselor R. S. of Eighteenth ward choir and was verv sweet. Phebe Y. Beatie, Camilla Cobb, Martha B. Bear Lake Stake was proud to be associated Opened with singing" I need Thee every Winder:and Mrs.. T. G. Webber,- Mrs. S. hour;" prayer by Elder John Nicholson'; .P. Teasdel, Mrs. Willard. Young, Mrs. with the noble work of the Relief Society, branches to visit and singing "Unveil thy bosom faithful Lafayette Holbrook, Mrs. John vSharp. Mrs. they had twenty-thre.tomb;" at an interval during the services II. M. Wells, Mrs.. Legrande Young, Mrs. go by teams, the sisters attend meetings Miss Bessie Edmonds sang exquisitely the O. W. JJeebee, .Mrs. Jauies Saville, Mrs. regiilarly thought we should all inform beautiful solo ' The , Bright Beyond," by Ben Kldridge, Mrs. James Hay, and the ourselvesupon the principles of the Gospel and understand them, that they might give special request of the deceased. Jf he entire writer . Mr. and Mrs. Sharp are to be conservice was a remarkably impressive one, gratulated on the. fine .talent as well .as the a reason for the. hope 'and "faith; within us. n' r Sister TMinervaTMcf Carroll fronf R. S. " many divine truths concerning life and the excellent- taste :"TIispTaye6riir''tK-TamiliSan Juan' Stake, Colorado, spoke briefly of resurrection were dwelt upon and clearly music and art, not only have they accomsubstantiated by the written words as con- plished daughters in music etc., but two the work of the Society there, they had six sons who h?.ve natural gifts in drawing and branches all in good working order and tained in the Bible and the Book pf Morunited perfectly. v mon. The spirit of the Lord in rich sculpture. Sister Priscilla Worthmgton of Cassia abundance seemed to rest upon all who Stake, represented the R. S. in the absence addressed the congregation.'" Closing prayer of Sister Louisa Haight, the President, they CON. was by Elder Penrose. Sister Wh.it-ne- RELIEF SOCIETY GENERAL had six hundred-mile- s to travel by team top was buried beside her husband, near FERENCE. ' ' visit the branches. Sister Worthington . other members of the family. The music at the grave was particularly GenKkaTv meeting at the Assembly Hall made an excellent financial report, very sweet " Rest on the hillside rest," sung by Oct. 3, 1896, at 7.30 p. m., Sister Zina I). gratifying, and also spoke well of the' spiritual labors of the sisters. 1 quartette by special request ; and so H . Young presiding. On the stand were Sister Annie T. Hyde Counselor in the Helen has gone to rest, that rest on the; Sisters Jane S. Richards, Bathsheba W. other shore for which she longed when Smith, E. B. Wells, Dr. R. B. Pratt, Mary R. S. Salt Lake Stake, represented the tracked with in tense pai n from which she felt Pitchforth, Ann C. Woodbury, Temperance work in the absence of President Home, -ho earthly power could give relief." Hinckley arid Annie T. Hyde. Meeting who was 'very sick at the time, she spoke The grave was', dedicated by Counselor opened with singing "t(0, .ray Father," feeltngly of the great work Sister Home . - ; ' ' - j I hj-1m- . . j ! - in-Xrep- ; . . i 1 m ; 1 - n r -- - well-kii'w- a- -d . n -- . ; - W.-Smith- , . rr. . - e . . ; - ' ' '. -- : - y C.-YV.- '.' ' - -- - . ; I " 1 e ,?v 