WOMAN'S EXPONENT.! - I Juit welf as he tried to speak and was only able to say and philanthropic work as a Sew wnnk - so tenderl v was he touched repository jC.liiyaiKl historic ' lions and re'evidui g ihV'w p&Mj,ywiitsn with the memories of the past.7 the. - ' Editor. . RMSfEUNR 3.. WELLS, Captain WilLard Young spoke a few whose lives afford rich ;exampfcv?foi fact histhe In ANNIE WBLLS tASNON KCant)m)4 words dwelling upon' the education of the youth of Zion to emulate. honrt as well as the head. Prof. Cluff tory of the women of the state, mid of this made closing remarks, reviewing the work intermbuntaiii region is" to be found in the. Published in Salt Lake City, Utah. desirable-thain the Terms: one copy one year, fi.oo; one. copy six months," of the several in a general Exponent, and departments No delivcts. reduction made lor clubs. City papers 50 attenered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 ct. way and commenting upon methods etc. condition of the present time, special After mtmir nm nraver the meeting" was tion should be given to home interests and Advertising rates; fcich square ten lines of nonprtreil spice one .time, ta.o; per month, $3 00. A liberal disdismissed rmd the crowd marched to the home industries; the silk industry is count to regular advertisers. . in this partiAcademy to partake of a sumptuous ban practically woman's work and ExroNfcNT office,, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Buildline-t)- f making-i- t a success we need a.. quet prepared by the Domestic Economy cular ing, Main Street, opposite Z. C M, I. Business hours from C biss of vonnp women, whose motto is woman's paper to communicate ideas, in-- , 10 A.m. to S p.m. every day, except Sunday. ' Address all business communications to struction and the best methods of procedure. " Helpful and Hopeful." PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, The tables were handsomely decorated Surely the sisters can comprehend how with flowers of the season and the whole essential it is to have some avenue of inSalt Lake City, Utah. immense dining hall presented an inviting formation on so. important a matter as seriEntered at the Past 0$ct in Salt Lake City, Utah, as appearance. It is quite impossible to go culture. The Exponent has always been" iccond-- f last matter f into details, but sutiice it to say iue cooking awake to the importance of, this special was excellent and the entire ".mcfiu" work for women and children, and has alin strict ways Ave! coined any correspondeiiceupoii which was i 5,-- i 896. Salt Lake City.,-N- o v e m h e accordance with the hygienic system prac this subject. The prestige the Exponent has given tised by the class under whose supervision FOUNDER'S DAY. the dinner was given. Mix. Susa Young the women of this Church in the outside world is little realized ; it has broken down Gates having the management in charge AT BRIO HAM YOUNG ACADEMY. Toasts and sentiments were offered after mountains of prejudice, iChaS gone into the wards by President George Q. Cannon, homes of the rich, and the famous, poets, On the 16th of October the anniversary others, and statements writers, philosophers, people of rank and of the founding of the Brigham Young .Karl G; Maeser and were made of the condition of the Academy title ; besides it affords opj)ortunity to the Academy at. Provo was appropriately celeand the need of establishing a collegiate Elders who are out preaching the Gospel to brated, the institution at .that time having much they have .to meet. department such as would do credit to attained its majority, twenty-onyears. Utah'and to the great pioneer founder of allay are theprejudice testimonies of '.Elders who reMany The street parade was very fine and ! the school, Brigham These mat turn from missions in regard to the good quite elaborate in some respects. The dif- ters were discussed Young. and positive reasons effects of this little home paper. ferent classes and departments marching in for delaying the increase of expense, There are more home industries than the their order and carrying banners, flags and given colors with sentiments and symbols. The and financial responsibility :or the present j7X','to be sure, and our 'women should not . forget the straw ;ork but at present silk ladies in white with colored scarfs or sashes time. After dinner etc. classes were called in sems uppermost and to attract the most looked lovely, and the young meu and women who carried green branches or boughs the several departments to give the visitors attention-- and it touches the people more an idea of the order and methods pursued, as a source of revenue, and money seems to shouting " Tree" were perhaps the most which was an interestingpart of the affair. be the present craze and hi no way can the noticable,aud certainly bore off the honors in A reception was held in the evening iu cause of sericulture lc so thoroughly ventivoicing their emblem.' order that the students might have the lated as through a paper zealously devoted The day wns fine and cvexsluaff-passcd-of- f of meeiing and shakrmj-haiid- s" loThe home interests, home pi eductions harmoniously, notwithstanding the long opportunity Presidents Woodruff and rwith and Cannon, and home industries. line of people in carriages and on foot and some of others the visitors from Salt Lake If every president would send out canvasthe bands of music and gay streamers as been had who to invited the City, banquet sers in her res)tctive ward and secure ten well. The houses, business blocks etc. exercises. and ,. were decorated and everytliing.4ndicateda subscriptions it would go a long way toThe celebration has those who given wards relieving the embarrasing situation. gala day for Provo. a idea attended better of the and Academy Remember President "Zina D. H. Young The vast concourse of citizeiisv'isitors its and future standing prospects, and cerand Academic teachers and students filed gave this positive counsel some - time ago, Utah-inuevery-perswho Joves st and requested that the President see to it into the Tabernacle about 10 a. m. and the tainly feel this that institution of pioneer master of ceremonies, Prof. Benjamin learning that one good agent or two be appointed done has a in work the midst from each Society. Any letter addressed magnificent Cluff, President of the Academy announced Zion. of to this office asking for information upon the program. There were quite a number of distinguished people present on the stand this matter will be promptly answered. President Wilford Woodruff and George Q. Cannon, Apostles Brigham Young and IMPORTANT TO WOMEN. Heber J. Grant and Prof? Karl G. Maeser REV. ANNA HOWARD SHAW JM. D; and .other notables. Quite a number of To all Presidents of the Relief Society in President Brigham Young's family occupied all its numerous and to all agents The coming of Dr. Shaw to speak In the seats of honor ; the; music was furnished of the Woman's branches, to woand all Exponent, large Tabernacle was an event of considerable by the Academy students under the direcmen interested in the welfare of the sex we importance,, as she is really the most distin tion of- Prof. Anton Lund Jr. President wish to the necessity of active measurge guished woman speaker on the platform. Woodruff spoke a short time reviewing; the ures to taken sustain their own woihis year she has been working viVorouslv labors of the Founders of the institution and man'sbeing .The times demand woman's for the suffrage amendment in the State of paper. expressing his reverence for this great man bestthoughts wisely, and. the Lalilornia, and naturally it has given her a Brigham Young and making such references Exponent has for expressed, a nearly quarter of a wonderiul experience of Western life, and to the school as were best calculated to imbeen the champion of woman's century particularly in relation tc the conditions of press those present with its advantages, and cause, and the promoter of woman's women in the Western States. Dr. Shaw proto cause the young people of today to The I peca siori requires now that lias received several ovn apprecigress. tinns 1 W t h n f ate the privileges they enjoy as some definite measures be taken to compared n,rp were Very gratifying and complimentarv. with earlier times when the facilities for and to collect those subscriptions, unpaid and assuredly the women of this state education were very meager indeed. t0 maintain its existence, someiu.onler ere glad to show her the utmost President George Q. Cannon 'was the should really, be done to revive the thing orator of the day. His address W4S forcirespect and accord the honor due to n enthusiasm of the sisters, and "inkeeping and noble woman whose life is devoted tn ble and telline and calculator are indite the advancement of her sex and the uplift-in- g DrrirwrtrrTtrl ttU.Vi 7. ierenc 10 ineir own best eood so tint thw . ppre- of the .race. Miss Shaw has a charming personality and commanding oresence. a winning. and gracious manner ami in fort all the characteristics that are calculated to - . - - . . fjut -- ' . ; . semi-monthl- y, it-i- - . ' -- . . : ri r -- lut 4 . . e . . ' ; - -- ou -- m. - . : 1 .. - ' X rt 1 - . 