WOMAN'S ;.ttUfe aiidlc mV. audience composed',! uity.to sublime subjects; eloquently, liberated, by Wont painting. Of Dr. Shaw" the press in all the 'large has" given cities where she has spoken ' excellent testimonials. v The Louisville Commercial Louisville, Kv., said "The Rev. Anna Shaw "the noted preacher of Boston, appeared , before two large audiences in this city yesterday and established a reputation as a profound and thinker and eloquent graceful l iii on KXPONhNT do cominemltble work inthis-dhe- J" c Arfc& as'itTs the Jtepuhlicatt party having iost everything here, and nearly everything throughout the entire state, women as well mriy m the welfare room and see the good books, desks, of the children in the school- to it Uiat all conditions are i'or of the scholars1,' not. only in teachers and buildings of the highest grade and attainments, but that the sanitary regulations are of the most im.. proved methods. This seems to be the special duly of the women voters; and another important matter is the municipal regulations of city, affairs. In many cities' women liave done "effective work in this speaker." Miss Shaw captivated her entire audience direction, and have met with sincere approand held it spellbound for alout two hours bation because of the success achieved over - on the and above the results of man's work- alone. subject of " I he Fate of Repub Utah is bound to become a great and lies." Her speech was a magnificent plea fur woman suffrage, interspersed with wit, prosperous state, and it never can be unharmless sarcasm, considerable w'sloni and less it has great,women as well as great oceans of .eloquence. She is a complete men'. Both are equally necessary for the bundle of natural and acquired niceties of achievement to be gained, 'and the young nc-.nas a pure women of the present generation, would tin lnleiiecrnaraeveioinneni. silver tongue, oiled with honey and polished well to emulate the heroic example of the Homv women who heljed men to.. lay the. foundawith vinegar. " The strong tion of this prosperous and growing state. . Weekly. " There are some particular objects The San Francisco Chronicle, said Five women have been anxious to promote, thousand people waiting on the steps of the Temple Emanuel for the purpose of hearing and that they have felt the state should the woman preacher's last address does not foster in the way--ogiving remunerative to the people, and also that it look as though her position were uncertain. employment Mere curiosity does not take the same peor would "be beneficial in several ways: These are perhaps to, men trivial things'. in com. pie to nine consecutive sessions." Another paper, The Empire, Toronto, parison with other more noticable legislaCanada, says, "She is a clever logician and tion, but it is trifles that make up the sum clinches her arguments well. It is impos- of human existence. In this connection it is only just to mensible to accuse her of either rant or tirade; her speech has force and definiteness, yet tion the silk industry, which has received always a touch of humor that keeps even something of an impetus during the last the crustiest audience on pleasant terms year, since the appropriation made by the with the" speaker.' She possesses a rich first legislature of the new State ; but the contralto .voice that rings full and sweet in work requires more help and greater effort auditoriums and contributes to establish it permanently and make it pay the largest for the means invested. If something much to the enjoyment of her hearers." haw was accompanied by four more substantial were done, the" State ladies who have been assisting in carrying would then realize the utility of investment. the suffrage amend. on the campaign ., for The Kindergarten system in connection ment to the (joustitutiou' in California. with the public schools should be brought They are. Miss Lucy" E. Anthony, Dr. before the legislature and the matter pushed Shaw's Secretary, a very able and genial to a realization, (and by. the way) in Bear young woman, Mrs! Emma Sweet, Susan River City, Box Elder Co., the women B. Anthony's Secretary who is all her have succeeded jn having a kindergarten in nanie implies anda great deal niore, Miss connection with the district school. Mary G. Hay, who alwaysHmakes a favorA public library and reading room will able impression and has an abundance of also be a subject for serious consideration, executive ability, and Harriet May Mills, and one might go into other matters for the w no possesses the cliaractenstics essential betterment of the people, and aids to the home, but. mere suggestions are all that was intended in this article. A small number of women were nomina WOMAN'S WORK, AND DUTY. ted by each of the two great parties and the Now' that the heat of the campaign is Democrats having elected their ticket, it over and the election held in all parts of the follows that all the women nominated by them are elected. So far we are not quite United States, and the results comparativesure of all in the state, but in Salt Lake ly well known, it may be that the excitement will subside and gradually things will county we know there are three and in From this cityDr. assume their normal condition. "Certainly Utah county one. hfrp in Utah tliprp dintllfl not be. SUCll Martha Hughes Cannon goes to the Senate, material disturbances as to effect our pros- Mrs. Eurithe LaBarthe to the House, Mrs. A. Caine will fill the office perity, or the good feeling that should exist Margaret ; and Mrs. Ellen Jakeman; of with people whosejnterests are in so many of Auditor of Utah Co. rtrpM ptrmpU- - irlpntifipd with each other in Provo, Treasurer So far as it is. l.These are all women i n the pri hie" of i fe , the welfare of the possible the party feeling should be laid with good mentality and manifest activity, aside, and esneciallv amone women there and capability in other positions, and it ought not to exist any Intense partisanship seems a foregone conclusion do.that they will honor to the to hinder their working together for the acquit themselves well and public good. In educational work particu- cause of equal suffrage. There "are no larly women should showr such deep inter- supposable ground's for thinking otherwise, est and true nobility of purpose as to secure and certainiy they are to be congratulated. d It is a disappointment that all the wothe admiration of all intelligent and citizens. There is ample, opportu- - men were not elected, for it would have , been a inucl; truer test of .women's power ...women :. from .each l-- . - -v- far-seein- -- g ' -- .as men must content themselves as best they can until another election, , when things may frc different. Theiefore we repeat, the old saying, '"Make the best of it." The vote for Presidential electors was also overwhelmingly in favor' of the. Bryan electors and consequently the Democrats have won the day in Utah, though their candidate- for President.-i- s not- the--' victor this time. Looking at the matter philosophically, the time evidently had not come lor so decided a change in the nation the Latter-daSaints believe implicitly in an overruling Providence that guides, directs and controls the affairs of nations. And assuredly in this case the people had exerted their utmost strength at 'the polls, and the campaign had been rigorously pushed throughout the entire country. Whatever' changes may come it is wise to hope 'and believe all will be for the best eventually, even though it may seem hard and be contrary to what the people generally were longing, hoping ' and praying for. know that it is their, The duty to live their religion to have faith, in the promises of God made to His people from time' to time through His servants, and whatever changes come or- - difficulties,- - or tribulations, to maintain their integrity to the Gospel unflinchingly through good or ill report in all places and. at all times. Whoever "can do this, discharging every duty faithfully, .cannot fail to secure peace of mind and have the courage that will carry them through all the trials and .difficulties of life, and help them to obtain eternal life in the world to come. - -- -- y ; ' . , -- Latter-daySaint- s -- . . 1 : high-minde- - EDITORIAL NOTES The Executive mefting of the National Council of Women of the United. States, will he held this year in Boston on December 2nd, 3rd and 4th. Notices have been sent to each society belonging to the Council to send delegates, but this year Utah organizations cannot conveniently send representatives on account of the great distance and the scarcity of means. Tjik book of poems to be issued by Mrs. E. B. Wells is now in course of publication at the office of the Juvenile Instructor, more than one tliird of the pages have been prepared, and it is expected the Book will be ready for subscribers ' before Christmas. The title will be musings and memories and the size and shape of the Dictionary of the Book of Mormon. As the list of names of Presidents and Secretaries is now., nearly complete and ready for publication, and. finding a delinquency in this Stake, we .find it necessary another request that each Presi- T .iVp' Pifxr rlnnt nf n ftplipf SnrMPtv and County send by letter or postal to this office the full name and Post Office address of President and Secretary of her respective; society, at the earliest possible date. The reception on Nov 9 to Dr..' Shaw and her party of ladies at the Templeton Hotel was a great disappointment on account of the inclemency of, the weather; the lecture in the evening was also sparsely -- . . T to-mak- . e in-.n- -- 