WOMAN'S KX PQNENT. jjhe partnrpfr by - Con, business houses'of -. ...... ...(,,,iP,, fl. mw. wuemv. i.stauiniopie, trust and dexteir.y m business. t,.tsitioirs-oi- and storms otwilfismndnig the pvhucat 'A km A'is.aceoidinir to ancient tradition, i.v.. t : lias Dceu icjuaiKtvi uwi e t the i .i i m scattered zed j.crsecutions ro; the )i g i ha I .ca t o f one of e' oldest civ mny.l..: .tHCj e,K ,iri ,V j!i ever countries they may be found; 'the in jhc world;' they claim l ,:'V"::-!h!, to be 'demanded Troni Haik; whom they If--.v- ""' ...r:::;i, ulhee ,;,hv.!y.- - u leading IVaturein innral linvatnenls. and say ".was the sou (if Tagarmah the son of physical have preserved their faith, althoufih and ,, n of japheth, the son of mIc m, flllu; Gomer, an,! .sorrow; ;V through perseartioa .ippreson f natl, Noah. He according to their ' toi' a well known Tact that nhcArmennri kingdom in the .they J; It ,tar I r st can culture; hey the woinen as they Ararat the' mountain on which .anae.it vicinity--o0liental con- In than civ.lization ; thcr conq.K, a.id lose the Afk is said to nave" rested after the tu - .decrepit 'uu ''Kc " !' and I distv.rliailees , ol sprmr-tir.vreat o i nn u si Hood; this was done at an uncertain date, ,.,,.(,,.,. .. ...nut. the imudle age, .i;. but i, supposed to be about two thousand religious persecutions consider they had arrived at middle age. in Armenians the reTuge sought years belt re the Christian lira. This is not the case with Armenian wowe find them scattered and other v countries , , jn .IlllIRaTy, iu men as they - increase in years their intelAs. a race tuey- belong to the Iijdo urope; Gennanie familv of nations. 1 he country Transylvania and (Valjcia they iiuuiler;over ligence and good looks become more manithey possess is a High table land on the ten thousand and. thy. are very numerous" fest. T!ic history' of the Arnjenians during southern slot.- of the Caucasus stretching iu Russia, lut most' in A si Minor, iu that the last- twenty years lias been a series of down towards Mesopotamia though its. ueiuhborho(jd alone tiiev.numbL-r...ovesutlering, oppression and "misrule; subject to two i 1....... 1m,.1 mnnrlimw a nation " whose government is. said to be a '1 he north east portion ais of during tlie centuries ji;ii: msior . of thiTwhole praise to evil doers and a terror to those abuut Armenia, area is estimated at ninety thousand square was Avrested from Persia who do well." by Kiissia iu mile. Their oldest" records contain noth- and is under the rule of the C.ar which is to i'or notwithstanding the promise of the in time ancient facts that' ing beyond the' be preferred to that 01' the Turk." About Sultan' at tlfe treaty of Berlin to prevent i ti 1t nn 1m n t ........ l.' and punish the 'depredation .of the Kurds - a sixth part to the south east still bekmgs to to . the became , tributar and afterwards u.c aiiuuiiiii a;ia n and to rectify the abusts of t'.ie Government, uvlt uiuu.vui uMa, fact established that 'ami Medes,a Assyrians their condition far from growing better has Turkish.. in it is which a nation as their antiquity We are been growing steadily worse. the of envccn war 1877After, cuds and difficult myth Russia and Turkey the lierliu conference.1 naturally led to inquire the causes that have about the thai We learn history begins. .brought about the existing state of' events middle of the ixth century before Christ, a : sanctioned the session of a strip ofArinenia ' that are occurring, in Armenia. One of certain king Dikran of the Haiig dynasty to Russia, and the Sultan of Turkey under- - these reasons seems to lie the greater educa-tiorestored the independence of the kingdom, I' took to guarantee the Armunam. security and growing sentiment of independence the last king of this line was slain in battle-b- against the Circassians :ind Kurds, also to and nationality among Uie ArtJiians Alexander the great, whoconquercd the report to the ICuropeah powers the measures j themselves and "though thtry desirfc-vlluataken for much needed leforms. It is need- country and api'x.inled Governors over it; less to a icaceful life, peace is sometliiug'?rG- are say that this promisejias been broken it is impossible in the space of one short forbidden to enjoy." iti every particular. v article, togive even. a faint description of the -Christianitv was introduced into Armenia To be ConlNiiit-'dchanges and vicissitudes through which as early as the second tx:entury, but not.' Armcia passed through the next six hunUs subsequent history firmly established ti.ll about, the third dred years. U. S. is: P. A. R IMPOR TS exhibits an unbroken series of tumultsaiid century. It afterwards became the centre iiury Ru-ssia- '. it . 1 1 1.) i b) all theleidin- and wmch are better , . . 1 1 , tbe-Arni,i,- what-,..n,c- h s - iK-opk- i i- ji-opl- . !;-,- y : 1 ! . tradition-establishe- -- onlyH - ""f - (- j f; t;-- " .;,,. . rae-e--s I !! , ' " j ( "' c . - - . t ! v 1 . of.e-thii- j ; , 1 I i i . . . ; -- - - 7. i ! n i y ! j d ! - ; i ' j ' ... ; J -- i 'T ft 's f r a. TV V1 :;y :ga:uiug-u o- lold nature of Christ.- Xtimbers of learned Tin- Primary, Conference of Bear Lake despotic reigns and rapid decay. Subject Hocked to because of the Stake convened" at St." Charles, their, colleges to'the vigorous assaults of theartiiians Jlln May of scientilic that inquiry pint President Annie Laker 'presidtnV early mani- from the lvast and the more powerful Romans from "Ihey sometimes tested itscll among .them, to a iar greater Verbal reports of the different associations extent thamm any other ot the Kastern throughout the stake were listened to' with partly dependent on one nation Churches. The Bible was translated into LVreat interest, showing tbnt tl, xvri-ninl sometimes 'on the other. While in;. Uie Armenian 1:1 fifth the often broke the'. j .a prosperous condition. After which an language early through ternaily the Nobles claimed a ami ot feeble restraints monarchy the religious fervor that prevailed. ol children. The" general instructions were petty kings.". theprivilegcs ' efforts Great b: have en made, and great good. Large attendance the unhappy ; In six hundred thirty'-tw, . present c r inuuence nas been .1 at 01 10 different anotner was iorm broughtNora Pugmikk, Sec country subject times to bear, to induce this jx'ople to nc- Califs Arabian and the under despotism suffered terribly during their contest' with knowledge the sutiremacy and infallibility , nPAR ,LAK1C STAKE. the 15yzai.it rue emperors. The rule of the of the Popes of Rome, such efforts have Sassanides was '"'marked "chiefly by their always failed, for notwithstanding- - all The Bear Lake .Stake Relief Socitey masses of the the to reunsuccessful .have but ciiauges people attempts convened in the St. Charles meeting house', sanguinary mained true to . their own peculiar opinions. extirpate Christanity. May 30th, 1896. Of the Stake The Byantuie Greeks on one side and The Armenian Church entertains peculiar there were Brother William-- L. presidency Rich and the Persians on the other seemed to regard ideas with regard to what is called' the J. W. Stucki present. President Linsday Armenia as their la wful or unlawful prey. seven sacraments. ' 'They believe that at presided: after the usual exercises Tn eight hundred. and eighty five Aschod baptism one must be sprinkled- - three times' and. the roll was called. opening She made a few of an old and 'powerful Armenian family and as often i ir. mersed , That con firmation opening remarks in which she said the obascended the throne with the permission of must be conjoined with baptism; that the ject of the conferences was to the Califs and founded the third Armenian LonPs supper must be celebrated with pure presidents, the condition ' of hear from the their associa.-tio- n Dynasty; Tinder this monarch and his sue-- , wine and leavened bread, that the bread-musand also to be enabled to give-sucbe dipped in the wine before cessors Armenia was prbsperis till the counsel being as our Heavenly Father and the handed" round; that extreme unction is to eleventh century when"- divisions and intersisters desired to impart, for the nal strife began to weaken the eqmitry; l'Ly"iiaiereiiio.uie- Priests aloneTaiid" presiding Zooa and benefit.7of.tbe sisters in 7tTiraT3.enjjtTi.Tiie Greeks having murdered that not before.-.bu-t talso: "Zion. She trusted we might hear such in the worship of Saints but not iu 01 tne line seized oart of the the last moua u.c. u.--) iu- -i eiurii to ourj " k i ngdom, wl i le the Turks and K urds made J.hjedoctrke honies with renewed energy and strength to tiieniselves- masters of the rest, must marry once,; but ilbue are at liberty to perform our duties. Iii: thirteen hundred seventy four Asia The following-associatiowere" then re- SulMinor was co:niuered':by-the-Hgyptia- n As a race the Armenians are remarkable in good condition. as ported tan Schaleau. since that .time Armenia has for their physical and intelligence,' St." Charles was reported by President remained subject to the despotism of the this last is noticablebeauty both in their literature Galloway. Fish Ha ven, President Howell-GardeTurks and Persians with the exception of arid their greatcapacity for business; in fact City, Counselor A. . Cook; Wood- i - - 'V j j the-Wes- vK-com- j t, : e ; - " muii j j I i 1 j j : ' - -- t h - - . :after-xkatlii-:- I -- be--Kev- es i-- 1 " - ns n . 