WOMAN'S EXPONENT. .drew up was-th- best hill e read like this: man- "Any their necks trying to' show the people oLthi country that every man beIreresju silver. Why didn't they ten years .ever saw and it I - . nearly-brea- who brutally sentenced to not more thaii.40 nor; less than 20 days.'' Some one said "Miss Shaw,. I said "Yes."you are a missionary." Would you like to see such a, man'-- then go to a home and see. the poor little .woman who was dying, and when her husband came home lie wanted her to get right up ..and get his supper. He:caught her by the hair and dragged her. out of the bed on the floor and then . kicked her with his great boots until she insensible; and what was done to that man. He was sent up for sixty days to the Island. This happened along in May. Now this Island is a beautiful spot in Boston Harbor. There is a building upon the Island, one of the most beautiful buildings it was a contract That was where building. (Laughter.) they sent him and he was given a room all to himself and three straight meals, a day and the gentle zephyrs of the Atlantic fanned his fevered brow; he spent the hot summer mouths in that delightful way, while his wife got a chance to stay at home and take care of the children and earn a living for him. Now we wanted him to be When a man gets to be "so punished. brutal and so beastly that he beats a woman and so cowardly that, he beats a woman because she can't beat him back, then they Otlrl s iU ff Anne olvjuv-avjuu. uitaMti j aiiM. put nun Jii they pay his .wages to ; his wife to support the iamilyraud on baturday nignt tney lock him up in jail and on Monday morning set him to work again breaking stones. This is the plan that is adopted by one of our states. If I could have a say in that would set him to breaking beating law-stones and when he would, use his muscle upon stones he would not beat his wife. Then they gave us permission to withdraw. As we women were going out we thet several men, we learned they were a n'(rn iis&ifmtoa - .. 1 i-- -- f1 v A m T J r w vm - . mm w - - three months imprisonment. Exactly word for word the same as the fine imposed on a man for brutally beating his .wife, is the fine imposed for mutilating a milk can and these men got the milk bill passed so easily and I said to them: " Why is it that you can get "your milk cans protected." And they said: - u e arcn Tjommuiee 1 Y ui L . vigiio tioii'aud if this legislature had not passed a bill which was so just in the interests of our ; irom-a-gic- business, every man there knows he would, be defeated next year and some other man would come up in his place. So we perceived that if the women of Massachusetts had the right to vote, their bill, too in reference to wife beating would have been passed. It is the power of the ballot that wins. Why is it that the great politicians of the west who desire to go to congress 0 ... 11 A ; ml kN. mm V CAVA - v mrnw m r-r ; d -- -- . . i w . - w - ex-Secreta- -' 1 ! 1 '.' v . I Vice-preside- nt ' - . 1 have. a ritrht to. and"-competen- : i--afi A, . I 7- ef anything but thatbill was something like this: "Any person or Dsrsans who inter- feres with the milk cans or who will erase the name of the owner of a milk can from the milk can of the milk dealer or milk dealers or defaces a milk can owned by a milk man or a milk dealer or milk dealers shall be fined not to exceed $100.00 or k 4.1 --- State of Massachusetts they wanted projection for their milk cans they haoTben followed up by some people who had. been stealing the milk Out of the cans and had battered the cans all up. So these men got protection just three hours after their bill was taken up. I never can remember. - riiiht to liberty and if today the marl whori'iis any political am v have" a Vight to the power that protectsmy bitions must be a firm advocatVof silver or i We, protects nie in the pursuit of hap- else his political ambitions are dead. livery i. piness. and liberty in this, country and that time we have attempted to do anything or power is uie: ixiiot ana tne Daiiot alone. (Appluse.)' to get anything or to get any law changed to meet at the Asto benefit the condition of women we have Adjourned at always had to go to men. Why did it take sembly Hall, .Tuesday morning at. io us women in Massachusetts three years to o'clock. get a bill passed which enabled a married DR. K. R. "SHUT'S CLASSES. womaji to.own her own clothes. When a woman is married does she not earn her Tin: high standard of Dr. Ellis R. board and clothes 'and her husband must be the judge ot the kind of clothes she must J Shipp's School of Obstetrics is evidenced by wear and after she has earned her own the. large numbers that attend her classes, clothes they don't belong to her. She work throughout the state "cessfitl thought she was wearing her own clothes J 17 practical ' J ILUl IV.), J but "she was not, she was Wearing her now near its close and husband's clothes all the time. We never The winter session is the" begins spriugand summer-did find out what the law .was until we had on April- 21st " session.a lawsuit. A"lady traveling over 7 tlie Because of the rgrowing demand for. efBoston and Albany Railway lost a trunk accoucheurs full of clothes. She brought suit against ficient nurses the company and the defense made by the the doctor devotes more of her time to the instruction of her pupils', at the same time Railway Company was that she was a married woman and consequently she could not has made special prices to societies, who have interested, themselves in this philanhave lost" any clothes because a married woman's wardrobe belongs to her husband. thropic work. Those desiring to take up this study-woulIf it is true that a married woman does do well .to communicate with Dr. not own her own clothes and it took us cm.: ..: C4- on t .0 rldlll Ol. OUll JyiiKC nu., ill IO. VItJf jCILUCI OIlipp find in it to out Massachusetts, three years or letter. by personally one half of the women in the United States to day do not own their own clothes. .Mrs. Meu.e Armstrong Whitney his It took us just ten years to get a bill passed taked-entireditorial control of the Jenncss-Mille- r to bury widows and during all that time we Millar Monlhlv, from which'--Mrswent on burying widows just as we bury dehas retired. widowers until a certain mother-in-labecided the widow should never be buried The fifth annual Continental Congress of side her son, and the widow weut 0:1 and the Daughters o'f the- American Revolution served an injunction and opened at Washington, D. C, Feb. 19. the mother-in-lato the amazement of everybody no widow The president ; general, Mrs. John W. in buried the had ever been legally State, Foster,- wife of the of State, ' .. i t. to be was entitled bunctHrr .iii'. uiduw r nhrlnu e.n niai wiunn six moniiis,uuy-sereporieu societies had been organized,. 4, 700 applicafamily burying ground. A widow is enin a third life one to interest of a titled tions for membership received, and 700 en life of a a use and lot' cemetery rolled. The building of a continental cemetery lot is of ho esjecial use. to anybody. memorial hall in Washington was advocated. Beacon Hill climbed We up Mrs; U. S. Grant was mentioned as one of (Laughter.) for ten consecutive years buttonholing the the newr members. Mrs. Letitia Green members smiljng and arguing and. talking Stevenson, the wife of hy the yard to make those men see the rea- tevensoi to be buried until sonableness of. she had tne good sense to die. 1 never f 111 had been knew before why the old D . MAGGIE G. suspended over the speaker's desk but in the old room it hung suspended from the Will commence her next class in Obdome. They put it up there so the women stetrics and Nursing, on Monday, April would have something to look at. So for 20, 1896. Tuition $50.00. ten years we sat up in the gallery gazing on Reduction jnade to Relief Societies when and down on the more than one student is sent from the the big stuffed little stuffed cod fish below (laughter) and same Stake. finally when the bill was passed we began to Office and residence 238, East, 4th South. of course we widows could not bury bury Telephone 383. them before, they all had to wait until the s passed. It was not gallantry nor A courtesy nor chivalry that prompted them B ITfl i I to pass the bill,-i-t- was because the life out of them and that was the 'only I East 1st South 26, 28,30 way they saw to get rid of us. So long as he law regulates everything that touches SALT LAKE CITY. our lives why have we not the fight to ex- - ; press our will and our wishes in regafd to the laws. So long as' politics meddle with The usso long as the lawr meddles with us so long have we the right to meddle with it (applause.) If you :ask me why we wo- men want the ballot I say because the ballot is able to regulate and control things, 'j 1 romT.lurM itklealeT35odatrorrtf-th- e - i ; I -- zt rrwS vmanied the .fo-3- 1 com-lniiTe- j Ci t 1 : , j ! - - was--almos- :Tr,jr:rz' The reason why I want the ballot is because I am a human have the light to being! life, a right to the pursuit of happiness and : k ' cod-fis- h ' cod-fis- h -- bill-wa- rii'TTAHT n we-worr- ied M3Z ! 1 St . ; . - j Leading Retail ; R.K. THOMAS 