WOMAN'S KXi'ONHM; .No lsbvfntaius. icnucu vvnuiig tuciii t ver. siitce" crime, out before so I wanted to visit the Na""Willi sons .ami "daughters all around tional Association, as I have given myself With the Saints of God you still are found. .uiai piwsuR, 1 senu you uus leuer anu The sun now shining in the West, Valley with the Pioneers, entering the if you think- best you can read' it at VVith glory bathes the. mountain in with Orson valley three company crest; club meeting. Pratt, Sincerely,' And yet beyond, just over there' days before 'the arrival of the main body of Isahki. Camkkon Pkown. Lies a land more glorious, bright and fair. the company, on July 21st, 1847. The hardships and privations of the next Tisthe land where all the faithful meet, Mrs. Lock wooir invited me to go to the fevv years are a matter of And loving friends each otTxr greet; history, although Woman's Press Club Friday Evening at the half has not been told. J3" whre the loved and lost are found, .perhaps In 1S61 it was thought advisable to the Riggs' House Parlors. It wa a very And all things fair, for aye, abound. colonize the valleys of the Rio Virgen and hot uncomfortable evening; but the parlors were full to overflowing. I lnet many God love you now and ever more! r. Santa Clara in Southern Utah for. the cultiwomeu-- a and His choicest cifts. too. we imolore: vation of cotton and- gret fruits. brighthave distinguished many gained distinction in the literary - And life as Jong as sweet to live, : President Brigham Voting,, recognizing the AAnd then the rest that Heaven can' give. excutive ability of Mr. Snow as a pioneer world.- It was an ojen meeting in honor and colonier requested him to take charge of its President Mrs. Hannah. 1L Speny V Lydia I). Alder. of the enterprise, which he did, Mrs. Snow who with Mr. Sperrv andflrrn-her son, go to l1trrrM tlw I iltl if Aril liivn n enn Loving thoughts to Patriarch and Sister Horne accompanying him and sharing his .labors I believe whow. represents "VU. il.J, "J. in redeeming the desert. She suffered very in Scotland May 9th, iS6. they will be absent about much from the heat of the climate and other causes, but was uniformly brave and four months. The, wife of Senator elect. Money of Miss. Claudia Ii. Money gave a cheerful and accomplished much good durEDITORIAL NOTES. most interesting' paper, 'Impressions of ing her sojourn in the "Mormon Dixie." Hawaii" she is a sweet. very unThe Juvenile Instructor office have now She was President of all the branches of assuming woman. Mr. A. looking, K. SperryaparKT. in type a poem in pamphlet form by Mrs. the Relief Society in Southern Utah and (I could not just see where he wme in, as it Lydia D. Alder (a story in verse) giving a held, other positions of trust and honor. was a woman's meeting) but it was a well the Southern description of the visit of the Tabernacle Mr. Snow represented ami well; "given. An. prepared Choir to California. It is a graphic' account counties for many years in the upper House. original pajr was read poem by the writer of the tour made and is of historical inter- ot the Utah Legislature. He was a warm Marian ()' Donoghue, who Longfellow est to our people. It is dedicated to. Prof. advocate of equal suffrage and was' a writes under the name of "Miriam Lester," Evan Stephens. ' The price, per copy will member of the legislature which conferred she is a niece uf the Poet Longfellow, a be io,cts.,the cover is noticable and title this right upon the women of the Territory. In 1875 Mrs. Snow in company with her handsome and striking looking woman, and taking "Mormon Tabernacle Choir" (in husband active here in public works, pertainvisited her childhood's home in very to California.) Miss H. V. Sherwood women. ing Northbridge, Massachusetts. Also visited (Sherwood VaneV trave a humorous sketch The visit of Mrs. Laura M. Johns' Na- her sister Mrs. Anna Payne, and some days tional organizer and lecturer in our City later visited her youncrest sister Susan of ghosts. She described the performances by Anna Eva Kay as we saw them was a pleasant occurrence. While here she Wade in Medford, Mass. She some given spent in the. Salt Lake Theater a few years ago. was the guest of Dr. Ellis R. Shipp and time in New England while her husband Mary Frost Ormsby gave a talk on her trip Mrs. Ruth M. Fox gave a reception at her was absent in Denmark. sailed from to (He . . Europe when she went as a delegate to X' vv t ' k- i nree-u- a home the evening of May 13th, in honor of. ,v ;.1nei r--a rri vai n--4 -i y,sauer IT11M ' l HHTM t hill V. .Mrs.- - jouus ana or ur. nniou, ai wnicn He .returned itWuly and ladies Northbridge.) that I met knew Mrs. Wells personthe guests had the pleasure of. hearing from accompanied by his wife visited his relatives. both these distinguished women. Mrs. F. in Vermont and Canada; started for home ally and all said such nice things about her. S. Richards who is also a National organizer August. 25th, and arrived in due time. One of the members of this association is will go into Idaho with Mrs. Johns, they, For some years after her return .from the Mrs. M. D Hall. Mrs. Hall has been a guest in Salt Lake City of the expect to leave the 17th of this month. East, Mrs. Snow spent the greater part of her husband is a cousin of I).Wells'family II. Wells her time traveling with her husband, visit I went Saturday as a guest of Rosa Wright ing Old Mexico, Arizona and various parts --Smithone of the most charming women I MINERVA W. SjfOW of Utah, until the death of her husband ever met, to a reception given by the memwhich 1888. occurred May 27th, bers of jtlieJMnry Washington Chapter I). "Biographical sketch of Minerva White Mrs. Snow is univer wideljknownmd A: R.," Woman's Club He use 17 10. Snow, who was born March 22nd, 1S22, in a is of now sally respected; I St. This Club House filled my soul with Northbridge, Worcester County, Mas- one of ' in States st flourishing sachusetts. Her maternal grandfather, delight, and it" is what we all so iieed and the National and Relief Woman's Society want in Salt Lake, it was rented for this Jalez Wing, was a direct descendant of the is a firm believer in the of principles equal occasion, there was music, (and I noticed early Puritan settlers who had left England is bedside seen often the She at suffrage. no patriotic airs were sung) and ices and to escape religious persecution. Her grandis of sick and ever the and the ready lemonade served. dying Mrs. Smith is a dismother, Patience Mo wry, was ako des- with words of consolation and sympathy cended from old New England stock and tinguished woman. She lives in a charmis occasion She wherever passrequires. home on A. St. with her father General was born in Providence R. I. 1765. in peace and ing G. the of her days ing evening II. Her parents, Aldeti arid Achsah White, Wright, he is ojie; of the most disto a forward looking quietness, hopefully were natives of Northbridge, Mass They tinguished army men left. General Wright have who ones reunion with loved the gone commanded Blandenborg, preventing the 'were moral and religious people but were before. rebels from capturing Washington City. not members of any church until the sub- . Miueri-apneuWhite diedof Snow., -- vears of M r s. S mith is !lColonialJ) a m ell a d h as iert ;hfLihis sketch was eighteen J " monia at SanPete "Co., Utah, Manti, April been- Corresponding "Secretary to the aire, 'when the family were converted to the after this National G. A. R. I met tlie other at 1896, Wednesday day Mormon faith and emigrated to Nauvoo, 1st, sketch written. was to a visit when Morton's Secretary paying where they resided until their has Jiiteresjedjnel woman the thaLLthink from state. exnelled the wre. " 1 the most of any that have yet met (not In January, 1846, the daughter Minerva MRS. BROWN'S LETTER. excepting Mrs. Cleveland.) Mrs. Wilcox, was married to "Erastus Snow, a man of reshe was born in the White House, her markable ability and who held the office of ' WASHW. FROM U. P. CLUB, TP THE father was an adopted son of Andrew Apostle in the Church.- Mr. Snow was D. C. INGTON Her father rah for Vice Presi- - "' Jackson.. born in Vermont, but his ancestors were dent with Fillmore and was minister to among the Pilgrim settlers of the Masssa-chuset- My Dear Mrs. Wells: x Germany, she knew all the great men of colony. x; "''; In letters received from home so .many of her day and has a charming way of telling Directly after their marriage they took up their line of march through the wilderness my friends ask me what I do with myself,, about them, 'A friend took me one mornthat intervened between the 'Mississippi and where I go and who I see. .1 have thought ing to Mrs. Caroline H. Dalls class, twenty-fiv- e ladies meeteach Wednesday morning to U and have in the haven of rest they expected to find on often of the-1 Mfs.r Stiow 'remained at Winter Quarters (now called Florence) while her husband accomplished the journey to the Salt Lake " - . - the-nex- ' -- ' semi-tropic- al - - - - the-Governm- ent , . '' 1 1 1 . I 1 i-- or I ! - ! : ; . at-th- vice-preside- e nt -- . the-mo- -- - . . 1 . - 2-- 40 , -- - . ' , ts ,". v. ... U tali-PrTil- CIub 1 t 