Woman " '."7" , ' ., SALT ' T.AKK CONTENTS: Adelsberg Reports From Grants-vill- e L. h. G. R. Almira Johnson Harton E. Crane Watson. Woman's Sphere Sirah B. The California Campaign Hllcr C. Laytuh. Sargent. Conference Notice Wilford Woodruff. Relief Society Conference Zina' D. H. Margaret A. Caine. Our Character Zion's Convert. State Suffrage Association-Marga- ret CITY. Lo! Cave-K- im. e Young-SericuUur- A! Caine. The National Flag-Wil- ford Woodruff. Ladies' Semimonthly Meeting Lydia D. Alder. Wedding Reception And Suffrage-Ju- lia Lymanl Resolutions Agricultural College. tfnou, flake Stake Delia Fish Notes And News. Janet Crystal Shelley-Co- m. In Memoriam, Conference N. A. W. S. A. Editorial: Women In Public Afrtir Edi- torial. Poetry: Western Wilds Emily H. M. H. Wood-manse- Lovingly To JosephiniL D. A. e. In-scrib- ed WESTERN WILD'S the song of progress! That these western valleys fing; Through the grand old mountain gorges clear triumphant echoes ring; Mountain torrents swiftly leaping downward with " ' resistless might, e Onward to the valley's sweeping, shout, a chorus of delight; Countless gushing, gurgling, streamlets, blend their harmonizingsound; Caroling as if for gladness, while they scatter life around; Fields of waving rip'ning cereals, answer to the prayer oft said With such different Ifiths of feeling, "give us ord! our daily bread." Pastures green, and vine fill'd gardens, humming Jj bees, and lowing kine, Make this second land of Canaan, flow with honey, milk, and wine; Here and there in sport and thrive the finny brood; Furnishing fastidious fancies with delicious, dainty food. Marvel ev'ry where surround us, gaze on yonder inlarjd sea! expanse of liquid splendor, Utah's crown- ing novelty! .Briny billows, flashing, foaming, with old ocean's rise and swell Into, calmer moods subsiding, always weaving beauty's spell; Shining waves like glittering silver, mirror such resplendent skies Lo! The poet's dreams elysian are reveal'd to won d 'ring eyes By the bracing mountain breezes, even sluggish souls are stirred; Every where the hum of business, and of enter lovely-lakelet- . , Rights of 'the. Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Natio ns - A Fagment-- L. rqrots :s-- x s d . . prise is heard; UTAH, MARCH is, AND APRIL r, 1896. The Western Constellation, shall be second unto. none. Where reigned primeval silence desolation's awful hush People thrive, and cities flourish orchards bloom 7 and roses Mush;,; isolation's veil is lifted, desolation's day is Wilds, so called for ages, are advancing -. to the fore: Eastern empires will be waning, shaken by inter-- . nal jars, While' these " Western Wilds'; will glitter in the, ' o'er-Wester- n , ' galaxy of "Stars!" in glorious Bright as orbs now at their zenith, that circuits run . No. 2021. "The Palm' 'The. Lion."-"Thftrgan," "The. Pulpit"-t- he stalactites ,from which e ' . it was' formed being most beautiful, one of beauty drest; piece, they claimed wiuld be 'three million four hundred thousand years forming, .it Well the sunset's golden glory typifies the gorwas splendid and clear "and in the lights geous West; was most beautiful, it is easy to estimate Hail! unequalled Eldorado! region of surpassing the years forming, as it is from the dropworth; of water impregnated with carbonate Western Wilds, ye shall be rioted, as the "Ophir" ping of lime. We passed through chamber after of the earth; Freedom's banner firmly planted, on the Western chamber each more beautiful than the last. There was the ball room 150 ft. long, 9 ft. heights sublime y Shall protect a prosperous people, gathered out wide and 50 ft. high. Kach year on of evTry clime. they give a ball and this vast hall is lighted with many thousand lights, then Emily H. Woodmansek. came Hall of ML Calvary, 1S0 ft. high 6S0 ft. widetid 642 ft. long, a rising slope ADELSBE'RG CAVE. full of stalagmites resembling, as one of the party remarked, "So" many tomb Tuesday; July 25th. On leaving Vien- stones" these columns, pillars and draperies na, .we had a magnificent view of the city are of the purest whiteness, though someand suburbs to the Westto the East the times assuming cream, crimson and. rose Leitha Mountains. Our route was southtints, it was amusing to hear the comments, ward via of Semmering Pass to Adclsbenr as the fantastic, figures, to each imagination . and Triest. The day was perfect. We Much different objects. represented the passed. through Tyrolean1 and Slavonian fatigued we returned to the. Hotel for din- the All the Alps scenery pictaresque. ner, then off for Triest. way the road runs alone abrupt precipices A delightful journey of two hours skirtover htteen Tiaducts the views, wild and ing the shores of the Adriatic by the palace grand until Seuimei Lug the summit of the and gardens of Chiramar, the chateau "of line. Maximilian, it was here his body was The train now makes a rapid descent, brought from Mexico. Triest is a large passing through Gratz, Capitol of Styrja, Austrian seaport, the "great emporium for beautifully situated on the Mur, and is a the triad of the Austrian Ivmpire by the favorite residence of retired officers of the Adriatic it is 72 miles from Venice, a Austrian Army. From here the Jtrain runs most interesting place. Prof, crave us the M'ur Adds-of " to the bits of history. .Madame Adelaide : valley thruugh many berg A small town in the Duchy of Aunt of Louis XVI, of France, on the 19, Carniola- renowned for its Stalactite Caves, Feb. 1791, with her Sister Victoria; fled "Which may tempt the traveler to stop from the horrors of the revolution, sought over a train " an asylum in Rome, Naples and other . is an This Alpine Village, the people do places without success; at length arrived at not speak Russian. Swiss, French, Spanish Corfu, where they obtained protection until nor German, but a mixture of all Prof, was the Russian General Outschaord took them tbe only one who could convcrse-wit- h 4oVitrstvhtrrlitrytra them. They seemed much amused to see The evening of the 7th we took the so maiiy ladies and so few gentlemen. steamer across the Sea so we may have the The Grand Hotel stands upon a hill, opportunity to see the beautiful approach to with a stream of water near and the scenery Venice, the sea is calm and beautifully blue, most beautiful, on top of a mountain was a the moon jdioue clear and bright, many of ruined castle which makes any scene rothe young people will remain on deck all mantic. Karly next morning a delightful night, but the older members retired, we drive brought us to the cave Prof, had were six in a room. I could look through prepared , for a "grand illumination. Soon the port, and see the shimmering of the after we ;entered we saw the mysterious, waves as the steamer dipped, could now and dark river Poibo (By some supposed to be then catch a peep at the moon. Mrs. Von said she cared not. for the moon, she the river Wey)' whose course can be traced for miles occasionally appearing above felt nervous, as if her time had come, had ground then disappearing until it is finally read in the Guide, a storm was sudden and lostsightof. The cave was illuminated with n that beautiful placid water could boil and burners and two thousand ' manner; however she soon felt lights, the tout ensemble producing an effect I shall never forget. We better and ere long we heard some one say walked for five miles through it, the Guide Venice Oh! Oh! so we hurried up 011 deck called out the names of the chambers, just before sunrise, presently the sun ap"Here is the Great Dome" or .Neptune peared above the horizon and the city was Qrotto it is 70 ft high, 144 ft. wide with flecked with golden rays, the scene was n- - '; most wonderful stalactite formations, we trancing; all mv dreams of the Adriatic beheld a succession of columns arid pillars Queen were realized. There are Gondolas which seemed to support the roof. Yet all for the party with the stars and stripes on nature's work,all stalactites and stalagmites each , the Gondolas are all black with elongatforming themselves into curious solid masses ed pro ws,like the neck ofblack swans.in a few, all deserving the names given them, such as moments we were getting down into the "The Waterfall," "The Sleeping Maiden," dark colored boats we approach the mole, Hail! ye broad and fruitful valleys-- in such robes ; , , -- . Whit-Monda- . . . - - - - 1 . several-magnesia- Lo! ' -- 