WOMAN'S 'llVv ' Alt' V . , V()I" 'J ' 2;. ' ' ..." ' " f"C '. Young " - - Of A " Century. UTAIlV FEBRUARY i, 1S96. ' I'of.tkY: To Mrs. Zina D. H. Yoyn Augusta Of In The City The Dead Joyce Crocherou. ! V : : TO MRS ZINA 1). : ... . , - I ! j - , . And heavenly power attend thy days While still on earth thy face, we know; Still drawing nearer to the source Thy listening soul learn holier love, . keeps thy name In, Earth and Heaven, forever more. : y HtF-mater-u- al ... grandmother "descended from the noble family whose representatives held the herediof Kugland; tary instance: (Sir Edward Dyinock, Queen Elizabeth's champion)." Mrs Young's lather served iu the war of 1S12; Samuel HuntingDeclaration of ton, one of the sigiiersofthe - s And gathered strength with passing years. famine came, God heard their prayers Though ' And white winged flocks in" answer sped; They stayed the foe, and Israel , Gathered the manna.and the bread. knight-championshi- ' Within tbeir lowly cabin walls sangJjroijnSj. knew, TEe'vealiDeTor . The mothers p TriaeTjniaenceT father, Wm. Huntington, a revolutionary Their scanty numbers swelled to throngs, soldier. The family were directly descendAnd these outspreading, woke to life ed from Simon Huntington, the Puritan America in 1633, The sleeping valleys by each stream, emigrant; who.sailed for O'er mountain ranges far away, but died at sea. leaving three' sons, and a dream. in Roxbury, Their growth, theiblessings, like a widow, who were registered Mass. Wm Huntington, the grandfather, Fair Utah cannot hold thetide orrW1 Prp.sendia Lathron, and was. one of Of human life that God so sent, the first settlers in the Black. River valley, Thou hast beheld them on the Isles, libTtiienrNe w York . They dot the farther continent; Tt,P H ti ti nitons "embraced the gospel at And to and fro God's messengers Zina Diantha Watertown, New York and Bear forth His. Gospel and return, Smith was baptized by Patriarch Hyrum . Fbr this is Zion; all the earth Her wond'rous story yet shall learn, August 14, " -- -1 and mani il2yyainttbaLdwelleJiLi land she received many blessings see, to land this From Saints that long the giit o tongues uuu festations, heavenward his Day is wafted she heard an m visibk chxnr interpretation; mee. lor Remembrances and prayers m the kirtland pTemple oUmlmgmg camp roofless Fromveary march and present atthe memorable and grand, famed Unto the Temples the spirit of God filled the Temple, . wind bis er Zina Thy feet trod first the barrenness rushing a like mighty choir. And to His houses lent thy hand. was a member pf the Kirtland temple Zina With 'her father's family Sister And thou hast gained that higher gift in massed through the terrible persecutions That worldly wisdom cannot teach, to tell. Missouri of which there is not time of the vanished speak to thee, T . 11 ...... iok, KirtbndBw". 1 Xi Tongues ' Thineimr si;d,t, -- beyond dth rrh. ; . . iilh-wr6Tr Like many. other exiles they succeeded in Kau-voreaching Commerce, after wards called where the Sa'nts suffered so niucli. At this. place Sister Huntington, the died, a martyr tc suffering from... the mobbings and drivings. Iu Nattvoo Sister Zina became a member ' of the first Relief Society organization, little dreaming; what would be in the future, and how great the work would become. When the Nauvoo Temnle was ready for ordinan ces she received her blessings and endowments therein. She left Nauvoo with the Saints in the month of February, 1846, with the first company, crossing the.iMississippi river on the ice. "Arriving at Mt. Pisgah, where the exiles stopped and made a resting place, her father was taken sick and died. She remained in Winter Quarters on the'Missouri ' river, until 1848, when she started for the valley; beginning the journey in May,reached the valley in September. When the Relief Society was .established in Utah; Sister Zina was chosen as treasurer of the first society in the Eighteenth ward, where she resided. Some years after, when Sister Eliza R. .Snow was called by President Brigham Young to assist in organizing in wards, Sister Zina was also called by the President as Counselor to Sister Eliza, and she was associated with her in the labors of theRelief Society and traveled in its interest duiiug Sister Eliza's lifetime. In the silk industry Sister Zina has been 110 indefatigable and zealous, laboring as other woman in this Territory has done, to establish sericultujeJieJiiisaisedo TosTielIfrin had chargeandof President mulberry Young's large cocoonery a silk when In June, 1876, orchard. association was organized Sister Zina was elected President, and she has traveiea inc. in its length and breadth of the Territory interest. .. . fXfr-YAalso took a course of medical . Music and lightarid warmth" tonight Augusta Joyce Crochero.n. 22nd, with manifold, Bountiful, Jan. Greet thee language first thine Where eyes beheld this spot A desert, desolate and old; ZINA DH. YOUNG; No roof of art shielded thy head, ' Nor music save the wild birds voice,, A I'.RlEl' SKETCH OF HER LIFE AND Night sank and'darkness hung arutind 0 Yet even then thou did'st rejoice. Ox the ;;it day of January, yesterFor then, a. Prophet's.voice proclaimed It chosen ground, where peace and rest day, Sister Zim I). II. Young reached "Aunt tire age of seventy-fiv- e years. Should guard his people till they grew Saint love to call Zina' as the Latter-daIn strength, with homes and power possessed Water-tow- n her, was born January 31, 1821, in 'Twas solitude, yet fear ne'er came Jefier.son county, N'ew York, and , To break their slumbers; 'round them rose Her father comes of goodly parentage. The harvest yield to biess their need, Her mother Zina. Where long had reigned but waste and snows. was William Huntington, Baker, whose father was one. of the first Though unforgotten, kindred, homes, jhyjsichiivxi , And sorrows knitinjjloc was Dorcas Diruock, -t- NW17. mo-the- r, , ' II. YOUNG. . V o, May mightiest love from higher life Blend with our love and prayers below, j.litorial Notes. Evdia I). Alder: . : Editorial: Three Quarters . CITY. ... w, Linked with this dispensation is Tny hist'ry" froai.'its earliest "date, In ev'ty Temple thou hpst wrought .Salvation fo the small and great. O, soulsTredeemed in other spheres! if thou hast knowledge of tnis day, Join in our love and praise of her Who led from prison world thy way. Semi-monthl- W. S. A. ., -- Emi-rsoT- i ' - , TJ;6u4wsteen,"mortier: unto more Th'au thine own children, and' the name "Mother in Israel" is thine own And all who love thee shari a claim. E. B. W. Anmvfsarr r .rty. In The 'Interest' Of Healrh. Charles R. Shi pp. U. W. 1. C.-- E.The Third Star Woman's Tribune. Relief Society, ft. ports Emmeline B. Wells. Extracts From Mrs. C. M. Allen's Letter. The Washington Ladies' Convention. Meeting jna Hyde. "Rejoicing At Hnnville. R. S. N. A. Reports. Notes And News. Conference ' ' Zina D. H. - SALT .LAKH CONTENTS: V Women oi all Nations; - . . i Uidieinder-Dn-Wllard-RicTiard-rir familiar early days in the valley, and became and has with the practice among women, of given numerous lectures on the subject, nursing, hygiene and other kindred topics,. She has traveled as extensively among the people and spoken as many times as any other woman and perhaps even more. She has a, rare faculty of .ministering to the sick and sorrowing, and is often alludedto.as-roAunrZin- a the Comforter;" having such intense sympathy, added to the gift of; healto possess. ing, which she seems naturally Her 'presence in the sick room is always afilicted. soothing aud uplifting to the bister zvma is an vubpiivjuawij -- aud .t;rtlhprnpTa1maiilietinprs occasions, have been rrWreat widely circulated by newspaper, reponerb. She holds her audience without an effort r by her natural eloquenoe. In 1879 she visited the Sandwich Islands. During this trip.she met many noted people. The same fall she accompanied Sister Eliza to St. George. There they labored in the Temple, and among the sisters' organizathoutions, held meetings, traveled over a sand miles, often camping out over nig.it. . . . 