5 WOMAN'S VC:X': 2it chap7".Ui away. 'ir-- r ja-vi- t hi rig - Rev.-- , Cam i ix "Vi - fc r pass -'.- C. Conn, REPORTS.. . VAYNH STAKE i fine Relief Society of the Wayne Stake r r n t i .1 11 1 . - - - neiu uieir vo:utreiice in me iiue valley meeting house Aug 24, 1896, President J. S. Coleman presiding. Singing, . prayer by Patriarch PVYV. Young, continued by iilg. Roll called, minutes of the previous Conference were read and approved, president J. S. Coleman was pleased to meet with the sisters again, said, we should deem ita great privilege to !c members of. the Relief Society, encouraged the. young bidies the Relief Society also parents to attend" the Sunday school and Primary meet-ing- s and gave other good instructioii, prayed the spirit of the Lord to be with all Statistical and during the Conference. financial report was then read. The Teasdalc, Grover, Caineville and Giles Relief Societies were then reported by their several presidents,, weie all. in good condition 'and doing' well. Sisters Sarah Rust ard Agnes Woleman spoke "a short time. President J. S. Coleman yas pleased to hear the good reports given by each of the presidents, advised the sisters to plant mulberry trees 011 Society lots. President William Paxman of Juab Stake spoke very encouragingly to the sisters, spoke of the aid they were to the 'Bishop in relieving the poor etc., prayed the L,ord to bless the sisters in their good work President W. K. Robison of the Wayne io nuie the rapid pro- gress the sisters. of. Wayne Stake were making, endorsed the remarks of the sisters and also those of President William Paxman.President Paxman testified that Apostle Teasdale had promised him great blessings on his journey and they had all been fulfilled for which"" he thanked the Lord. Hlder J'Vseph Kckersby also testified that the Spirit of God had;, attended the Conference and gaveo'viier good instruction. Conference adjourned for six mouths. Singing, benediction by President H. . . Stake-wats-pitra- f scd - - - , M. Hanson. ' Coleman, Sec; Reported by ballot-or-..notr- Ve ' d : the-Relie- increased by 10,000 at least.- Mary Jane Wilson. ONEIDA 'STAKE. Mrs. -- ' . Died At Pleasant Grovr, Utah, Aug. 5, 1896, Margaret Foutz, Oautittrr of David and Mary Born December n, 1801 in Franklin Mun. county, 1'a. Married to- J tcob Fouiz July 22, 1823, husband and wife j.ined the Church of taints in 1S3, in Ohio. Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y 1 with the in tiw: laud of Mo. amts hey gathered, in River on Crooked Caldwell County. and settled - lTljeypassedihrouj;h-the-terfihlo-H?rsecutitn- - out-rig- Dudley. ht 1 hundred and twenty-sigreat grandchildren and nine great great grandcnildren. Two 50ns and n int:thre danontrrs snrvivp hrr. sant worker till within a lew weeks of death; She was a devoted mother and faithful in her religious duties and highly respected hy all who knew her. She died in full faith of the Gospel and hope of a glorious Resurrection. x - 4 s- 1 hey; which the Saints endurei'- in that land. were in the bloody slaughter at Maun's mill where and some eighteen persons were killed her husband others otners with woumled, many were huddled together in a blacksmith's shop and shot down, he being severly wounded drew some of his dead companions uver him and feigned himsell dead w hen the murderous mob stripped their victims ; he thus saved his life. They were expeiled from' the state of Mo. to Illinois, and gathered with the Saints at Nauvoo, where" her husband was Bishop of one of the wards; they helped to build up mat place and endured all the trials and labors incident thereto, and were again driven in the general exodus imo the wilderness by the hand of persecution. They arrived in Slt Lake valley in the fall of 1847, to" make a home and living m the Desert Wilderness with short rations and little means to begin with. The next summer she lost tier husband ; he died at a time when the people were mostly subsisting on roots ana greens she was left wiM a large family aiid scant means, ..Sue settled in Pleasant ' Grove in 185 where she resided ever after. She had twelve children, seventy grandchildren, one . e Ex. -- . IN -- iEMOKIAM. . of.-th- I . - held, our Quartern'. Conference at Franklin on Sep. 8., with a pretty good at tendance. We had as visitors Sister Jane S. Richards of the general Presidency, and 527 to 4,555. By 1870 the competency of Sister Stevens, both of Ogden, President women teachers in public and private Bear Lake. Stake, schools was generally recognized, and, Julia Lindsey President Adeline H. Barber of the Cache 84,047 were so employed, but twen y years later the birch .was wielded by 245,965 Stake, Stake President George C. Parkinson, also the., local Stake Presidency and qualified women, some of whom held chairs many presidents of branches. Much good in famous colleges. The. 100 theatrical instruction was given and although the managers and showmen in 1870 must have weather was cold and rainy 'we had a most succeeded, for the year 1890 found , 634 of them ' m the business. " Two women in enjoyable time. Sister Barber had with her samples of i8qo had taken tin the nrnfession of veter silk which had been raised by the sisters in inary surgeons. The arm of bookkeepers, the Cache Stake, whiclr proved beyond a accountants and - clerks grew from 8,016 to- silk is a natural production, or, 825: A most extraordinary statement is doubt of these Western states, and only awaits that in 1870 there were but 7 women sten- development to become a source of wealth, ographers and. typewriters, ,and they were r the pioneers of the 21.185 that came later. just Deiore tne atternoon session of Con. ference AVaS dismissed Airs. VKf a rv O. a fi prtirp wh irh at t Hp nrppnt ti tnf tn i hf-VK - - From a recent monograph of the United States Census Bureau is taken statistics that show how the new woman developed in the United States between the years 1870 and 1890. The figures relate to the number of woui(:ri in other than domestic employments, and are of great interest. In 1870 there were 693 actresses, in 1S90 there were 3,948. The solitary woman architect of 1870 twenty years later had 21 rivals in .her profession. The number of artists and teachers of art has increased from 412 to 10,810. Under the- head. of authors, literary and, scientific persons the nmpfipr creased from 159 to 2,725. There were 110 women chemists, assayers or metallurgists in 1870, but twenty years later there were 46. Women preachers increased in number from 67 to 1,235. The success of 24 dentists inspired 337 new women to take up the trade. Designers, draughtsmen and inventors grew from 13 to 206. There" Was not a known woman civil engineer or, surveyor twenty-fivyears, ago, yet five years, there were ago 127 mistresses of the transit, theodolite and chain. A nucleus of 35 journalists grew.o an army of SS3 in two decades. Musicians and teachers of music iocreased nearly seven fold, or from 5,753 to345I9- - In the field of politics, that is, Government officials, State, Pederal and local, tne number had grown 111 twenty- years from 414 to 4,875. Physicians and surgeons of the fair sex were rapidly ad-- x mitted to practice, and the ranks grew from 1 -- x-ris- "Ca-sh.M- M. C. At hey, D. K. in tM&xk ccm Id Jn d but tff d.tVnc 2,775. When they went around twenty year later they discovered 58,499 young : There is no women calling for question but that the employment of women on all the lines indicated has increased .enormously si nee- the census was 'taken . 1 , State. Cor. Sec. of Boise, Idaho, writes,. " Let us give a hard pull, a long pull and a pull .' altogether and we shall see a splendid "victory this .fall."- Saleswomen - 'hiif&'iw& t . to-atten- Bradford of. Diiuver, Col. was announced; She camet6Hhe;stand ra introduced mill niade a' few remarks bifi"he nature of 'Tier 'labors 'among the people and announced that she would lecture in the meeting house that evening at 7:36. At the appointed time she delivered. a brilliant lecture, showing by facts instead of theory the benefit to be derived from .women receiving. the. right ot the franchise. At the close of the meet-iiit- r she organized an Kuual Sufiraife Club. with sixtyrtlree members. 'She also visit ed Malad, Weston, Preston. Cifton and Oxford, and organized clubs in these towns and from' there she went by train to Black-fooIdaho. She is intending, tolabor for the best interest of woman suffrage in this state up toHe election. The Legislature has granted an amendment and it was left to voters whether the women of Idaho shall have the " Lydia Ann Whij.s, Mary L. Morris! R. S. EXPONENT. SUc-waiva- Sarah - RESOLUTION'S I' - A. Foutz. OF RESPECT. Resolutions adopted by the officers and memhersof the pringyilleJSecond-ward-Relie- f- Society in memory of Sister Hannah Harrison, who died after a lingering illness. September 15, 1896, at Springville, Utah. She was born at Wanington,, Lancashire, England, July 18, 1817 When only nineteen she married William Harrison. Five years later she received the Gospel, and was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ Saints, in February 1838. At the of Latter-da- y was-scold that her shoes became frozen time it to the bank of the stream and she had to walk home in her stockings. She emig'arted to Utah in 1856, and was one ol the honored hand-car- t company. When Utah moved direct to Springwas reached the family ville where she has lived until hen death, surviving her husband fifteen years. Sister Harrison has been an active public er, was first counselor in the first Relief Society of Springville and has been one of its members over twenty-siyears. Ever has she borne a faithful testimony to the cause of her life's devotion. Be ' it therefore . Resolved, That as our Heavenly Father has taken our noble and faithful sister to her heaven- ly home, we herewith expressour sympathy for her children and grandchildren. Be it further o x J . Resolved, That these resolutions be placed on the records of the Society and a copy J?e sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. , Zebina Alleman. Princess Hh.lkne of Montenegro who is to marry the Crown Prince of Italy, is a poet, and many of her verses have leen set to music and are sung by the peasantsin J r all parts of tHeT principality." : 