to o Father - - vr-tvit- th'y .presence of our Heavenly with a re cord to be proud of . into' On account of being: a' faithful member of the Relief. S xlty of' Castle D.ile, we tfTe .num .' bers of said society , and loss her sympathize Resolvt?, to mourn her'grief stricken .family, hr h RESOLUTIONS OV, RESfKCT. - Sistvr Mark K. Sorensi-- Lars en who died vrry sudden and entirely unexpected January 21, 1895. She was born in Arnaer, bornhalm, Denmark the first converts to 1S3S, and was amoi Mormonism there. She became acquainted with Elder C. D. Lar.sen, now President of Emery Stake, Utah,' and was married to him. in, the spring of 1.S57 and went through the hardships of tried the same pioneer life m Sanpete County.and in this County. In 1S94, she in company with her husband and rest of the family, performed ordinances in the .Manti fempie wherewith she enjoyed reat joy and received many blessings. For several years she acted as first counselor in .the presidency of out Relief Society where she made becself loved and rcsoc ted by her" kind, calm and peaceful disposition. . Be it therefore resolved, that as our Heavenly Father in his wisdom has seen fit to call home to a better life this- our noble and faithful sister, we herewith express our sincere sympathy for the bereaved husband and her bi; ' flock of children who more than before now can value her .worth as wife and mother, and in our society work in this wardhe wilkbe missed by us all. ..lie it Jurther resolved thai these resolutions be placed uj)on our society record and a copy of the same be sent to the Woman's Exponent. Faithful through this troubled life, To her God and husband true; .A Saint as mother, a Saint as wife, A crown of glory is her due. n ' - 1 -- - DiK.n at her residence in Castle. Dale Emery Co. Utah, Nov. 18, 1895. Sister Annie E. Seely, wife Justus Wellington Scely. Sister Seeley met her death by being thrown . from a vehicle while on her way to Orangeville. The horses became fractious and the driver Brother W. L. Cash unable to control them; they ' ran away throwing both from the vehicle breaking Brother Cash's foot and caused fatal injuries died the same to Sister Seelv from which-sh. T a ana rne ten cnnuren leaves nuspann evening. to mourn her loss. Sister Seely was one of the pioneer women of this valley as also one who has lived and labored among the LJte Indians in Thistle Valley making many friends among those natives of America'. For many years past "she has been a faithful member of Society Y. L. of Castle I)alens also first counselor M. I. Association. I las also officiated as the President of the Primary Association of this -sa in pla ee-- a nd a t 4 Ive-- in le-- 1 fdi e the Woman Suffrage Association. In all these callings she performed a goil" work and has ever ' been gentle and kind to all. .' it that' be we the members Therefore res(lvcd of Castle Dale do of the Relief Sx:iety sympathise with her bereaved husband and family. be placed upon the Resolwd that' records f the society and a cojy he sent to the Woman's Ex ion ent. I 1 1 T1 " T -- the-Relie- f in-th- -- 1 th-a- r--ntka n-- occ r-- this-obituar- Ma rik Olskn, President. , Nathalik - Castle Dale Emery A Go.-Utah- , Andkrskn-- uitrn Peace" on a .large .,4:.,;,f th; Sec. . , Mav kV1'. BRILLIANT WEDDING. - - -- t . - . . j I . two-scor- . e . Dost grieve! Nay,rejoice, each milestone passedi Counts thee one less in this vale of tears. Has Time, with his hoary fingers, wrought' Silvery threads, 'mong thy darker hair, Traced lightly faint lines, which, year by year ill deepen to furrows,and dost thou care? . CLASS IN MIDWIFERY 1 Time laughs and mocks us at every change, From youth's sweet spring e'en to wintry age; Faded cheeks, dimmed vision, the stiffened limb( And kindred ills that fill up life's page. Let him laugh and enjoy his frolics, Shall not wc, at the end of life's race, Throw off this marred, outer cov'ring, when, Lo,i soul, which he cannot deface. h-u- I e com-mnhicat- Du. with 2Jf Conui.ution Pratt, . IiHirrtTnrrStieet, , alt Lake Citv, LOW RATES TO THE EAST. Your attention is directed to the exceptionally low rates in effect tliis coniihg season to nearly This immortal soul will ne'er grow old, every prominent point in the East. Never before has such an excellent opportunity ben afforded for a rummer Vacation Tour, or for visituigJriendsiin, theEast.. We mention below a few of the places to which greatly reduced rates have been made. The UNION PACIFIC ts the line that will give you the best service to any of these points. fare for tin-- round trii. Chicago, 111.. July 7. K.ite-- Age adds lustre instead of decay, Our bodies of dust, to dust returns. Our spirits live and progress for aye. Soon this school we call life will be o'er, All its sorrows and burdens laid down, Our education on earth complete, And life's cross be exchanged for a crown And though our lessons today seem hard, Only by work can we reach the goal;. Only those who are tried come forth as gold; Tis suff'ring that sanctifies the soul. . Oi. l!u;T:iio, N. Y., plus fKW. Wahington, U. trip. Jn!y C ite K ruly Ono fare Katft 3. tor lhn round trip One f;irt for tht- - rouml lfi Is. Kale One fare for the round trip. d Kate One and f;ir on Oin;iha,N'b., July " rertitir'atf A.n. r St. IOiiiH, Mo., Juiy 21 Iiatv One fare for the round trip. liat One faie for the round trip. Omaha, Neh., August Kate (I'robably) one fare for Cleveland, Ohio, August 0 ' the round trip. 27. lfcite One fare for the round trip. Milwaukee, WLs., Aug. Kate On fare for fhe r'onnd" St. Pauii Mln., September (In some cases le). trip full For Information as to date of n. le and limit uf ticket-time of trains, tc;, call on r City Ticket Office 201 Main Street. ' D. E. BURLEY, G. A. p. D. . I). S. TA'iO'aKT, T. P. A. Milwaukee, Wi.-.,.jul- 21-2- The uncut stone is of little worth;. Tempered with care is the choicest steel; So our lives are made the more sublime, By the tears we shed and the woes we feel. Let Father "Do what seemeth Him good; As clay in the hands of the potter be, When inoulded and fashioned fit for use, He'll appoint thy place in eternity. The discipline that each soul requires, As xneted out by a loving hand; When fully developed, thy call will be; Daughter return to thy Fatherland. one-thir- 23-3- -- 4. , -( Jul. JlS rntTATlrAO 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st Soutti St.r Nellie. Tiik Kansas Hewspapers are saying:' 'About the brightest woman the suffragists ever have brought to Kansas is Charlotte. Perkins Stetson, of Boston. She" is a good looker and a good dresser, and she t h i riks li ke chai n 4 i gh tn i ng- 'J' ; " ROMANIA B. PRATT will commenrc the winter clavs in midwifery October 7, Several .situations in sma.l fainilic for Ivianl. Seeial terms io students Ry the RelRf For further particulars please Society. D1I. of-thi-s ; the-varmeetui- 1G-2- 4. Ax. extremely enjoyable": event was the wedding reception of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Slaughter which took place at Parawau Iron Co., July 6 The sweet bridehas been Co. Sec. of the W. S. A . ever .since its organization, faithful and untiring,- so immediately after the tamily reception a grand ball was tendered the young couple all members by the W. S. A. the were invited. The through county ball was given in our beautiful new social hall, which was neatly decorated with the national and suffrage colors as wellasra profusion of fragrant flowers', the wedding bell was conspicuous with the motto "Joy . - n Adopted by the officers and members of the Castle Dale Relief Society to the- memory of . siTr a irr y. "s yellow banner, uiU t.Mat ;';riBfl bmitcrbcttit - he -- V'r ,m:sflt:.mtp:!-wa!At 2o.t:lock. June J2iid,. the nieinlieib ut MSociety met at served to 135 appreciative guests. Of all th'e officers of the County not one houL U do honor to their beloved sister and Secretary, Sarah Ivggersen ClufJ, who could'. Jm missed more than Our "hlla 2nd Ward. beside being our efficient Secretary, she has has recently removed, to the M. M. Vat-sobeen an earnest worker in every way that After openingercises Pres. expressed her 'appreciation for Sister she could to forward our cause. 'lms been We fully realize our loss, but are happy ClufF and the good work she in the in knowing that Beaver (where the bride enabled to accomplish while residing followed by makes her future home) will have added" to 4th Ward. Sister Watson was Counselor her corps from our ranks, a noble promoter Stake President, Mary John, Manila Daniels. Secretary, Caroline Daniels of all good causes. Mary M. Boyden, Caroline Pratt, Cor. Mrs; Pheobe Kvans, a suffrage member Arrow-Smith- , and worker, 'was married to Mr. Frank Secretary, Barbara .Stick, Hannah Sarah Paker, Mattie Ke'eler and Westbrook the day of the ball, although "be a Brother J. K. Hooth. who. all testified to quiet affair we disthey intended it to covered the fact in time to divide the jioni-or- s the estimable qualities' 'of our sister. By tvith them. "special request Bro. S. K. Kggersen and Sister Faiinie S.. Taylor recited. The May unbounded joy and prosperity ever exercises were varied by congregational atf en(fthese ;vorthy pairs is the fcyc-iisinging. President M. M. Watson in an prayer of, K. Ckank Watson, appropriate speech presented Sister ClufT with an autograjm album. Sister Guff 'President Iron Co. W. S. A. expressed her gratitude in a few well chosen words, after which all retired to an adjoin-- , LOVINGLY INSCRIBED. ing room, and feasted on strawberries, icecream and cake., x To Jv Friend . Hice, on her Fortieth Hirthlty sister much dear our All join in wishing Aprtl jrtt, 1AJ joy and happiness in. her future career. A 1kii:nd. Dkar Friend, you say you are growing old, v years; That today completes your Prove 4 tli Ward Relief Society. and- . - SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail, Cash ouse. B.K. THOMAS 