... , s WOMAN'S 108 Woman's Exponent. ... EmtELiyE j EJhr, 'I : ; EDITORIAL NOTES. guests mong whom were nunj' verj old friends and distinguished visitors. Li the January numU--r of our ' " Kkkata About tW hundred." guests, relAtiVesahd v . . ..." intimate friends of Mrs. Young were seated paper me lasi Man.a ana mum line oi IJwu.vV 'Jt& the spacious dining room, poem "Dying Yet at the .banquet-i"frcedoui"' should read "gueid)ii,'; X( the Templeton, President Lorenzo Snow of the Quorum of the A postles offered the Kmh.v: S. Richards Vice Pre.i. '.benediction;'.- Clive's lurid discoursed the 7 Mks. dent At Large, of the State Suffrage As- choicest selections of music in the ante-, sociation and Mrs. Sarah A Boyer President : room during dinner, and after partaking of of Spriugvilie Stiffrage'Association, left the the .sumptuous repast, the company reCity for Wash5ngton oll the V: P. express ' paired to the. parlor and the program of train. JaJt. 19, (Delegates) to attend; the .exercises begun, Captain Willard Young Master of Ceremonies; opening with music, National Woman .Suffrage Convention at A number of Delegates were voluntary, on the- piano ,by Miss Kale the Capital! nominated at an executive" session of the Romnoysong by Miss Carrol C. Camion, State Association pti the iSth of December, "Pilgrim's Bind of Hope' encore; Captain fiirnished,. but 1895, auxl credentials' Young's address to his mother in recognicircumstances of they could nob tion of the day, and her many labors and on account all go to the Convention'. Among those who teachings, which- was both tender and were nominated, besides the two already led by Professor C." J. . Thomasjind Maggie Hull, "O, my Father, mentioned were Lucy A. Clark, Farming-tonPresident Davis County Suffrage As thou that dwellest"etc. Response to toast,-"ThReljef Society" by Mrs. Sarah M. sociation; Corinne M. Allen wife of.tlu Utah representative who is, already in .Kimball, giving the origin and organization of that great and grand association. Washington, Augusta W. Grant, Hlla W. Hyde, Margaret A. Caine, Martha B, Sister Bathsheba W. Smith followed conCannon wife of the' Senator - ( Frank J firming., the statem'ents '.made by Sister .Kimball 'and expressing her own views and Cannon,; .Margaret B. Salisbury, Nellie her delight oti ' this happy occasion., Mrs. M. Little, IClizabeth McCune and Mary K. Nellie C. Taylor read arf original poem by Gilmer.' Oiir knowledge of the Convention Emily ii. Woodmansee after which more is very meager, only what the dispatches music was given and a recitation by little have" given, and one or two- personal teleZina Card "Christ And The Little Ones" grams we have received. song by- Maggie Hull, poem by Augusta J. Crochtrou, read by Annie Wells Can-- " RKLIK F SOCIETY IUvPORTS. 11011, telegrams of congratulations to Mrs. Young from Ephraim, Nephi and Lehi in The Stake Secretaries of the Relief behalf of the sisters of the society of these Society in all the organized Stakes, and in places, were read. Speech by President branches of the S(x:iety in this and other Ge'orge Q. Cannon, In which he alluded to countries where there is no Stake organized the privileges of equality the sisters now in a statistical and financial send should enjoyed and urged wisdom and caution in Attbelast business yearly report the exercise of the franchise. Conof the Board of Directors of the gratulated Sister Zina on her labors, the meeting National Woman's Relief Society, a .quoenjoyment of all her faculties and health rum being present, it was decided. that the and strength at the great age, referred to the many blessings the Saints enjoyed at annual report of the Society should be madein FbriiaryT thertrforc instead of Uie prese nttime the first day of January to the dating-froResponse - by the venerable President' last day of December inclusive, reports will Zina D. H. ,Young,and more music; speech, be hereafter from February to. February of impromptu, Mrs. It. B. Wells and conversation general among the guests. After, each year. This year reports, must date wards Mrs. May B. Talmage recited"Only from the first day of January 1895, or A Girl," very impressively rendered, and. otherwise a correct record could not be kept. there was music by Rhoda Mabel Young, Secretaries should be careful and exact in and songs in Hawaiian language . byKlder "con formingtothis- - offirial notice. All re- Jacob Gates and a speech by Klder Oliver ports should be forwarded to the office of Building, Salt of Sprihgville brother of the Lake City, not later than the 20th Mrs. Young; recitation "The. New Church Organ" by Mrs. Eiizabeth McCune iu her Emmeline B. Wells, Secretary. ' inimitable style and humorous recitations by Zebulun Jacobs grandson of Mrs. Young, speech by Geoige Chase of Centerville EXTRACTS FROM MRS. C. M. and other exercises. The singin of ALLEN'S LETTER. Auld Lang vSyne ' completed the entertainment. It was a very evening's I have enjoyed attending the sessions of enjoyable affair and a day never to be forgotten by the convention more than! cahjtell you. those who had, the privilege of assembling Many of these women 'of national together and congratulating the lady in reputation are more than one has believed whose honor the party was given. them to be. I was greatly delighted with OnQ thing to be regretted is that all the Mrs. Catt, jSlie-is-- a woma n Yf veryrIrendsi)LSister have met in one place but there is no hall power. I cannot speak in detail of all of them.. To do it would simply be repeat; large enough; and the Committees had to ing what you already know better than ! decide on a" certain number; in a do. v party ybdoved-iicversallgeiijoiione,sauni On Utah night the church was packed as respected it would require a place as lame I never saw a house packed before. as the Theater or the Pavilion at Saltair Hundreds were refused admission "and The entertainments given in the several hundreds of women and men stood during wards on the same day so far as we have the long exercises. ; heard were'very happy and enjoyable -ather Miss Shaw's speech was short not over ,. ings .., twelve or fourteen minutes, but the most -- ... . ' - EXPONENT. . B WELLS, . 1. :. 1 " 1 : -- v- yV',;tW n " -- ,,4.'.4iTerms: yv.v,T siWt tn- - City, utxn: Sril-M- lre ernV'manthly; one copy one year, $tjoo; one copy six ir. jnths, deliv-- c.ts." No reduction made for clubs. ' 5 ered by mail, extra (or postage one year, 25 cts. A jfirertisinj rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil one time, $3.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal dis-- J Cit-papcr- . sp-tc- count to regular advertisers. ' . - Expon'ENT office, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Build-tnMain.Street, opposite. Z. C. M, I. Business hours from a.ra. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. ' Addre'ss all business communications to g, PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, - Salt Lake City, Utah. EnUre J at the Post Of.ce in Salt Lake City, . Utah, at . econiclasmatdr" SALT ' " - Lake City, Feuruary i, A : '. e V CENTURY. -- - 1S96. THREE QUART ICRS OF . . . Some of the sisters who have great love for Sister Zina D. H. .Young, and wishing to. manifest their appreciation of her labors as a friend to humanity and a public servant, counseled together as to how they could best express in a fitting manner the esteem and respect of her associates on the coming birthday which would complete her seventy-fiftyear making the three quarters of a century, which is a ripe age, and a time, when one would no ionger hesitate to .be called old r After carefnl thought it was decided that as President of a great orgaui zation, the National Woman's Relief Society,, it might be appropriate to celebrate by a meeting in ever) ward throughout the organization. Accordingly this was decided upon and letters were written to presiding officers and some suggestions were made to them as to the program of exercises. Meanwhile her children and intimate friends planned a banquet in her honor to be given on January 31,' 1896, and the sisters who are officers in the General and SaltLake Stake Boards-- of Associations met and conferred together, as to what should be done, and how to proceed. The matter was given serious attention and after many meetings of Committees the Hotel Templeton was' agreed upon as a suitable place and arrangements were made to hold the banquet there. - Committees wrere appointed todispose ofLthe work and tlieflair was settled. Invitations were circulated and every detail attended to as far as possible. All these things were done without the knowledge or consent of Sister Zina. Souvenir cards wereJ prepared, Sister Zina's corner-h- er name picture in the . and the dates 1821 a and verse in:iSq6 scribed which spoke of her labors and vir' :' tues. . h the-sev- eral . left-han- d v A saitTtryTace, and a great mqther-hearSo rich in gracet and chanty thou art, That evermore pur reverence shall be, A lovmg tributeto thy memory, . E'er poets yet unborn shall sing thy fame, .And future generations Jblsss thy name. t, These cards represented the colors of the Society, which are in the banner, blue, white and gold; cards .white, edging and lettering gold, ribbon wi th which it is tietl bl ue. Mrs. McCune with lier usual generosity was on hand with her carriage to convey eminent guests. Sister Zina was brought from her home into the parlors of the Templeton into the midst of floral decorations and of . - for-1895- . -- -- Secretary,-Constitutio- B,-Hunti- n ngton ry. . -- ' of-marve- lous bT ttng-couldli- T ' ' . " " 