W.QMAN'S EXPONENT. Jjmtii..if .worthy of emulation by every member ud.ty; fin t lie r -- - our of- while e V' It strange marl for an Americau pQtex,fHv? Englih' mark. ffTatmffhxtfrafed - noreeiam : a per cent, is drawn between . differeueeof 5 . k ksolveo, That-wsincerly. sympathize wUh txrr h ea the usbaiid,' children atid frieCHirl loss of h faithful wife, loving mother, sincere friend .and true Latter-da- y Saint ; again IvMSOLVED, That these resolutions, and obituary b placed upon the records of ..the Relief Society o Mtihton ward, a copv sent to the Woman's Kxi ONKNT and one . to each member of the ... is-a"- - 'comment on American flunkey ism. Inquiry brings out. the fact that their customers look for'the English mark arid finding it buy; thus there is.no question of. superiority. but simply of a name. In the inmatter of porcelain, that made in this, Europe. .Consequently 'there . Jarnily. duce manufacturers to turn out art unless country is sold every day for French, Gerf OtTILIE M. SCHEKFELD. man and English. No objection is made some profit can be drawn from the reputaLydia J. Brown, tion it brings. I do not intend to discuss to the finish' durability or decoration, but Counselors. the question of protection versus free trade, its parentage must be concealed in order to Hortknse M.'Jones, Ass t. Sec. sell it. Art grows slowly, especially in a I only speak of the tariff to show the diffiof building up something worthy to country so largely commercial as America' SKIirCH AND RESOLUriONSOF RESPECT culty be called American art. To illustrate. A so when it does make its appearance it should be treated with respect to hasten its To the memory of Sister Martha Jasftr who porcelain plate was made at Greenpoint, a4 N. Y., on a challenge. It was a copy of growth ; America is in this respect an ex .departed this life Sep, S, i$96. plate in the possession of Mr. George Luck ception to the nations of the earth. Dkkasko was born Feb. 14.1821 In Lambeterf the She embraced I n France, Germany, Prusia, Russia. Italy IJieckenshire, England. by whom it was purchased at the sale of the and between years .fifty ago, forty, Gospel effects of Louis Phillippe. The plate was China and England the Ceramic art receiv: years ago last emigrated to Utah twenty-threfrom Sevres, decorated cjiiefly in gold. ed the support of Government and w althy. Jnly'and settled on a ranch near Utah Lake where The Greenpoint copy was made to test the patrons. In America such support is until four years ago last May, her e whether American- decoration neither given nor required, only appreciahusband having died a few months previous,-shquestion Her friends widow. persuaded might not in time be made to equal the tion is desired. In a Republic, t'le people was it ft a lone her to sill the ranch and move into Goshen Those wh6 saw both had great, are the rulers and patrons.. Prejudice in where she has resided with Mrs. Elizabeth Davis Sevres. difficulty in distinguishing the original from art is the end of criticism: prejudice in' until her demise. The materials for She has been a very faithful and energetic the copy .made and many could not do commerce is suicidal. the for Relief of our member and Society teacher ware. The making every kind of ware ere found in She was so without examining the last lour years, and a liberal donater. challenge was fully met, and should" it this country. As early as 1766 American very zealous in working and having work perbe asked why such work could not be done clays were taken to England, and the great formed for her progenitors in the Manti Temple, direcin of that means .nid she spent a great deal here continually, the reply is, the .state of Wedgewood at that time, more than a hunwill the a made had if princishe and proper tion, the market so far as the demand for Ameridred years ago, expressed fears for the pal part of her property would have gone tq the can art is concerned, is such that prices will earthern wares of England, because of some Manti Temple. Presi" new pot makers," as he expressed it, in Wherf.As, It has pleased our Heavenly Father barely cover the cost of production. and sister our midst ou'r from coworker, dent Smith at the convention of Potters South Carolina. It is to say the least to take . herefore be it, we iealize our loss is her gain. Association, says foreign clays can be put amusing to think that after one bundled Ri.solvei), That we emulate her energy in the down we still patronize cheaper in New York than Penn. years of pottery performance of her duty as a teacher, and her whole soul is not the Europe. zeal in laboring for her dead, for her clays by 15 per cent. Expense was in the work of God. Therefore be it, is a fact that while It The greatest progress in making porceonly drawback. Resolved, That we record a copy of th find manufacturers and advance native lain in America has been made since i860, resolutions upon our records and send one to native art must its force ready reception, and now there are more than one thousand Woman's Extonent for publication first its must honors to ; Ellison Gourley, recognition way potteries in the United States. The capital Amelia Gourley, it must bear a foriegn invested by the forty firms of the American be won abroad Lucy Taylor, stamp to be accepted in the home of its Potters Association" is $4,000,000. One of . Committee . birth. 4nheoldesrfjrni5 therRobertson 57" ha veina- sThis is so good a market that foreign tered the secret of- the Jlowland process of CERAMICS, artists send their works here, sure of 3. Welapplying colors upon unbaked clay and come. an American by Competition have produced. some fine specimens. is V. a difficult. Press U: the Club,)' before . Thus it will be seen that we neither lack AW though superior A comes artist branded as a gen. material or ability to cope with the best foreign IlKKic is a specimen of pcrcelain made home critics hesitate and ius to give a verforeign productions, all that is necessary in Syracuse, N. Y.,, called Flowing blue, in favor of their own countryman v they for-tpeople of this country to me much handsomer than DelftrJ 7, " dict in confidence their lack own of the idea that a foreign stamp themselves judgment and Here is another made in Hast Liverpool; this is called the Lotus ware, as fine as the prefer to take another's opinion than give is necessary to make a thing- - good, and their own. On one side is the work of one wear the mantle of their Americanism as rTmtt French ware. who has won praise in Europe ; on the proudly and as independently as :a Roma- nHere is a specimen of Beleek made by tin- Ceramic Art Co., Trenton, N. Y. It is other that of one who makes an appeal to wears his toga. their own judgment. Under such condiIn this brief paper upon Ceramics much as line as any Irish Beleek that was ever tions the American artist is discouraged. has been omitted that would be interesting made. There are many other factories that French art is to a Frenchman the finest to the students of porcelain, but I could make as fine goods as these, so we need not in the world ; Englishmen support English only touch upon different points that have cross the Atlantic to find the beautiful por" art because.it is their own. They are satis- led us down through the centuries, from celain. bricks of Egypt to the beauti-- j That there is a brilliant future in store fied with it it all the world wonder at the .the cherish is good to them and ful porcelain of Greenpoint, N. Y. thing they for the Ceramic art of America may be in' . American art may be S. L. m. ferred, from the rapid stride forward r it has that is enough. made. With a limitless wealth of material, good, equal to the best, but it is American. gifted with enterprise, originality and taste, Receiving no notice the- artist loses the the American artist can look forward to benefit of criticism and concludes that his -taking his place with - the best the world own people complement themselves b ving that no work of art can be produced has produced. There are many obstacles in the way, among them, Removed to 48 and 50 Main St.. ho we ver, with a heavy protective tariff This may seem overdrawn but facts are our manufacturer is barely able to compete eloquent. It has been said Americans take SALT LAKE CITy. with the foreign cheap labor producer. pride in their manufactures ; that of pottery The import duty does not cover the greater is an exception. . Almost everywhere expense of workings miiithiscotintryi granite ware can be seen - bearing as mark The Leading Retfril Statistics show that in Jabor and material the royal aims of Kngland and with the the American manufacturer labors under mottoes in full Uni soil qui mat pense, y about 100 per cent which in this case seems to be very approof art the disadvantage is vastly priate.' The ware may have been made in The makers of the tariff ..make a Trenton or any where else in but distinction of only 10 per cent between" the dealer will not buy it America, without the . l-- - nnd nnffemr.'ivI-.- noretlatn. Art J t wolf k Is benefited to" the.J-xtenof th. more than plain goods? Art- - is- less protected th-- n workmanship, since the cost of skilled and unskilled labor is greater Here than in --f- .fc l fc V k- . - jtt!etq . -- . -- e slit-reside- d - - . - - . ( he ' i, -divert -- " - " -- ' 7 j . j ;- sun-drie- d -it ; .. be-li- e R.K THOMAS : . " . In-wor- in-creas- ks Cash H oxise . E.E.THOMA! 