UiuMAN s i hxruM-.r.'- i even Solomon in ami line linen was in- - hour lor Naples 161 'miles southeast. from. y t.riiun of th:tad madeis' sold on spools'; '"all little' lily of the field ; r .'itec?,.Uixy JmKTn'jrthe sStatioriwcLt-tOQafter the spools are filled" they, are; yrdebted to'lhe'hu'nble TT. blossom and grosses," blue 'tl on each end arranged i . TiitMi ni:i(lc ' ourselves 'com fortrihlp ior-iuana ami unisueu stringed paired The remarket. principal qualities used are Hoping that the yarn- I have spun, may 'for the day. As: we traveled along I 6 cord. A ' large quantity of weave in with the warf and woof woven by marked to .our, guide, "We would cair i and thread is now polished and is known to the i others, .vithout marring the finished web, those liiouutaiiis, hills. in America, what do ?' these are 8,000 ft. w'ill cfos like the wearied seahisttess,-by- ; you trade as glace;, crochet and embroideTy-tT high; they did not seem so. cottons and linens are manufactured bv a cutting off the thread 1 1a i n e s t r a v er se M. C. Woods. y i n i t s - w h ol e -- length somewhat similar process. The spools are from-.nortto south dividing it nearly made of birch'. arid ash obtained chiefly from Wallack, Idaho, Sep. 1894. the Highlands of Scotlaud. Clarks O. N equally; their highest point is Mount Car-nT. J 1:0. Clark Jr.,.Mile End and J. P. Coats 9.521 feet above sea level; they are not MY FROM JOURNAL. EEAVES best six cord come from Scotland, tho' the peaked but smooh and undulating their bare rocks apearing only at their highest Scotch spindles are only as 1, to 25 of the . ... K now over trie crossed nyer, point. The vegetation covers theurup to English, and their rjwer looms as 1 to 14. a view and had Horace of In Great Britain in 1819 the quantity of passing the home 3,00 ft., on the lower belts the olive, palm; of the and and of cascades falls, the plain citron and orange grow, which we saw on cotton thread or yams produced by spinning Dome of St. 'Peter the and hills and Rome, the tops of some 'old mountain. We passwas 98,566,200 . lb, consumed at home was sun and the above else, everything just ed Caseita hot- far from Naples, .noted for o lb. exported--iy,o85,4iSy','4?d,"790 1b' Ha to effect was then so the it over tine; its nr d palaces built in 1752 by Charles In 187657 years later 1,131,056,0001b dates a covered it mile, drian's Villa, square were pnxhrced- - 232 , 150,000 ti) were ex- III, an immense p i e w i 1 e x t e 11 si y e g a rd e n s far-ti h led vc 5 rs of 't called the Versailles of Naples. Excepting norted-hos.006.000 consumed at home. "frdmlher la ier vca .saw lie in said when any a few Mouastaries nothing of special interest Tht value of capital invested is at least, ' Kinwror. 'Tis he and until the volcano of returned splendid anything . . Vesuvius; it was 87,01,000 or 5435,ooo;ooo which figures country a was to one it it tins added like l'aiace; are for Great Britain alone. night and the view unsurpassed. A few., and of architecture marvel landscape moments brought us to Naples tlie ' City Up to 1 791 America possessed no manu ' From the 16th Century'to tia- - of Siiens. " : facture of thread, except for domestic pro gardening. ruins furnished works of Arriving at Hotel Royal des Jitrangers, duction and family use, but a cotton .mill present day the of the many principal including my b Jroom. was beautifully situated, the was erected that year in the State of Rhode art, and still the ruins of the Vatican, evening was warm, I stood at the open ' Island; Today it has become an impor treasures mosaic and colored beautiful of window and looked out upon the quay, the ' tant industry, but the product now exceeds retain traces one marble with another, beautiful Bay and beyond to the Promonthe demand for. home consumption; and marble, inlaying molded in ornamental relief, tory then to the street below where soldiers under the influence of protection the very and glass reof the some while magnificent grounds were marching, listening to their music, means we. adopt to shut out all other manFro he were. as could main inhere they ufactures from our markets, rh ust and does thought it delightful to be. here. The ' and landthe Rome at lobk magnificent city has a magnificent situation, rising like have the effect of shutting out our own from used to drive out in his chariot an he scape; the markets of the world. amphitheatre from the shore. at the horsesdieads his. slaves the-'we- st with. running On is the Castle of"St. Klmo J'u t let us leave dry statistics for more dead fell one if on. He and they, passed once of immense strength, which covers pleasant knowledge. .Most of our embroidhis workmen" the with built Villa, paying the hill of St. Hrosmo. On the seaside are ery cottons, linens and. silks come from fainted under if their lash burdens. the they the fortresses of Castle Nuovo often com France and a few from the Continental God wonder We it buried Do all? you countries. Threads of such gossamer finepared to the Tower of London, and adorned at sunset when home he came went just with a triumphal arch in honor of Alfonso ness they rival the marvelous filaments of soon in bank a gold; purple clouds of Aragon. 1442. The Cntle dell Pro spun by the spiders on our rose bushes, down it me made ihiuk ot tlie with its traditions about Virgil probablv used i)r tiiaking the finest Brussels lace, is iringed tne gold; where walls the New are all built bv Norman Win. I. 110: Jerusalem spun by hand, from flax, in an underand as the beautiful scene The city is divided into the old and the ground room, as contact with the dry air jasper and gold, I felt from receded the that my new view, ex tendingf from thrbv" the ridire regret town causes the thread to break. The spinners - a . 0 t.. j us i was enueu. moon ..j.. was " ine :of this airy tissue" must do the v6rk in uay palace of Capodimonte to the sea, dividing dark rooms where but a singe ray of light, just right; I drove to the Colosseum and the city into a double crescent. '.Many oi from a narrowf apeture is admitted and the Forum; there were 110 ugly shadows, the. the streets are crooked, narrow and Colosseum and Palaces were intox- - the principal Via Roma room is so arranged that the faint gleam (formerly Toiedo) - falls directly on the- - work ; by the most in icatingivmuely vvind.saloig4heurviughoref-lhe-"Bay- 7 said know beauti-how don't '.adies you tense attention; and ' and is the fashionable promenade of the discipline of the severest kind, they accomplish their pain- ful Rome is until you see it by moonlight." city and commands fine views- the lower Tuesday, 26. Taking a last look at the part of the street showed US the hnhit nnH . fully difficult task. This fine thread is i' ... . i:r.. ui .,r worth its weight and more in gold, ranging obelisk brought from Egypt and setup in iiie otne ,nirtnrps nip, iuei eJases.in price Trora $Soo, $1,500 to 2,500 honor of Apollo by Augustus, then a drive were striking and unlike I ever. on the Pincian Hill, adorned with rostral saw except Indian scenes anything a pound. A pound is sufficient, to manuin early days. facture lace, worth $3 , 500. No wonder columns, statues, marble The beggars annoy one so persistently and with cypresses and pinesA 'such workers lose their eyesight in a few7 seem happy; along the shore the fishermen with road lined A memosas and be sell you the must or fabulous such winding that for luck, and one years, prices to leads shrubs other the me for tissues. he flowering told such'thistle down would a eat upper devirfish for a sue, paid The finest thread used in this country is platform now laid out in public drives and a hidous" looking fish they seem fond of. I replied nothing would induce me to look 3 cord, used for point lace, 1 sample cotton, gardens, but till twenty years ago a desertof where ed Nero waste was the, ghost at him and he seemed to understand. Of 1, linen embroidery cotton loose twist to wander in the middle ages. The the large theatres we saw, comes 4 cord, linen 2 cord, hosiery cotton none, the Prof, 2 cord, Paris lisle 2 and 3 cord, machine Eternal City is seen spread at our feet and told us the San Carlo was the largest and sewing silk 3- - cord, knitting silk 2 - cord,, beyond i t the .wide spread iug Campagna , most elegant. The National Museum is one ' till a silver line marks the?ea melting into of the most interesting and embroidery silk 2 and ,3 cord. largest in the .It remained for our generation, so far as the horizon beyond Ostia. Then the Arch- world and contains many treasures from known, to spin the exceeding fine threads es whiclrrecord importaut historical events;-Arc- Pompeii and the best bronzes found at of Titus, the destruction of Jerusalem of glass, so flexible as to supply material for The aquarium is most iuter-cstin- g lditheit; 'tis sail to this day dress goods, ribbons, ties etc., and table the Jews containing a complete collection of has no Jew cloths and nankins. passed through it; Arch of sea fishes. The church domes glitter with And, so Ave see, Sever us, the victory over the gilded, and colored tiles, the Cathedral San thread of some sort is the foundation of Septimius modesty, (as we understand it) comfort, Parthians; that bf Constantine, the end of Gennaro contains the priceless treasures, of c leanliness, convenience and fashion of the the tyrannical reign of Maxentius, the Saints and the small phials said to cou-.tai- n The rest of the. day was devoted to shop-- . the blood of St. Gennaror whichjs'- - be- peopl e, Jofj) u rda tjFxqiii thecoarses lieved to liquify twice every vear. twintMo the finest cobweb thread we are ping and packing trunks. Naples iUnvWl render it .smooth ' The t Hfov J aslareest.,mfWWttj5h liHiridl - fi?-purn.l- ! s the . e 1 cr ; -- -- ! ! cmli-niounta- ins The-Appen-- ! 1 o, . 1 1 1 m - .. . -- -- 1 . iiat - . steep-Arches- , ee - bas-relief- s, inter-sperse- d sea-hors- e be-P.ev- ed . h Her-"culaneu- m. - . t . ' , 