,Vu M A N ' S this will. b: remembered the.next time re thinkports are due. We should now be ing 0f the Door durinir the coming- winter. V have ,been Jtaught. what is, recurred ? - ' - -- ' al Conference." Prayed the spirit of the Lord to rest upon the sisters, that they in the might have wisdom to guide them , . ' 4, 7. 2," 3, Vio, wards ,2. M .gave verbal 17,18. and i verv encouraging nature. Conference adjourned until 2 o'clock pKi omrnifr " Our God ve raise to Thee." Benediction by Bishop Allen. 15, 14, - ' Al-fl- i KN'OONT . - ' -- . lu-.ir- , for the great things which of Patriarch I), lyier and wife, members of 'the High Priest's Quorum of which IJrother 1 yler is presiBOSTON NWillS CKNTCR. dent, and their wives, also members of the Relief Society of which Sister Tyler is presA ,of summer tourists in the ident, and their. husbands with members of the family and other invited guests, met in White Mountains of New .Hampshire in the Assembly HaU at 16 0 clock p. m. to their rambles , one day came across an. old celebrate the occasion. hermit. He gave the party information 'The hall was tastefully and artistically concerning the mountains, then asked them decorated and draped with flags, bunting, where they had come from. " We are from Boston," said one of th: evergreens and flowers. The afternoon exer-- . instru-metcises consisted of speeches, recitations, party. arid vocal music, an essay, verses com"Boston," said t lie old man; "I never posed for the occasion and reminiscences by heard o' that place. How fur is it to ' - Boston?" the worthy couple, after whicli an excellent ' "About two hundred, miles," was the repast, in picuic"form .wasr partaken of;. Alter all had feasted to their hearts content reply. ""Good Lord !" exclaimed the old hermit, (and'their appetites also) order being rewere " How can ye bear to live so fur off?" indulged stored, toasts and 'sentiments in for a short time.' I will also remark that Stake President .Ci.ara Barton is at home, having been Sister Lucinda Houd, who has been confined to. her' room' Tor some time and to her a passenger on the- Umbria whicli arrived bed for-- some time from a stroke, was on the 12th of Sep. Miss Barton will reArmenia should the situation call brought in a buggy and assisted to an easy turn to. services of the Red Cross Society. chair on the stand where she was heartily for thev welcomed by those present. The afternoon's proceedings being coiv eluded all returned to their homes being however, invited to return iri the evening PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON.. and participate inthe dance a few hours', which they dTcTT all seeming to enjoy, themin tlic? Seliool of Instnictnr selves to the utmost. The aged couple .'Hid were each presented with Tlv winter s si' Opt ii O t 12. lSy6 uiih other presents. improved fu il ties for educ ii n im this j.r r at Very Respectfully b'ant h f s u iv Reducetl )rices to . ... . " Meeting commenced by singing WJiere tbe voice of friendship's heard;" prayer bv Sister Webb; , continued by singing" "Do what is right." Minutes of previous afternoon session read and approved. Counselor 15. V. Smith was pleased to. " We should observe be at this conference. back. into the every law that will bring us each other presence of our Father. Greet and enkindly, leave our sorrows behind duty courage each other to- perform every as true life in before lis whiclL conies women. Racliel Grant said "I meditate great a deal j . r We have trials that we oung once may be benefited. IY'Sident said if we never have another, we have had the Celesenough to take us straight into tial kingdom, we sliould prepare ourselves ,,it " al SKSSIOX. y' . ". - 1. iii. to send them in at once, so .sent .that our' report will be bptter for the Gener- 1, :XJJXI-':- We'ddi jfKnVuvQrsary the-.i- i The Mrs. Rootwill not patrol TwTvK she will wear. a star Shedesir- ed the a j)j oi ntniellt WM ter vork in con, necion wjtli the rescue home, an institution fallen women, with for the reformation-- 0 which s" has long' been connected. arrests.- - Dear Sister: tlie MSfi1'io(iavl- to tV.nipbiii' again-sto- ut reports, I want all those wno nave run performance of all their duties. ;-r- vWtt hXI'U N h N T. awat the faith- - . - i:llis nil. , r. .shut. On-jtetr- ie an-ea- sy chair-besid- Nvirin. es 1 unp-Ttan- t Aucjc.M. Counselor Jane S. Richards said through the blessing of the Lord we' are here today. This Society was organized by inspiration. There is much for us to learn t we all want dfV t0 ,1m thnt whirh we C1H1P hfTP TO our patriarchal blessings we learn that our work was planned before we came- here, in these meetings we receive the spiritual food we need, and receive strength from our Father. We have been told the day would come when we would try each other more than we had ever been tried therefore do comforted." good to each other and be Counselor Annie Hyde made some inter- Bkavkk, Utah, Sep. T.-Tannk- r. s c;tti-- uiih 14, S Lake Citv SUCIKTV." --rtiT-ALtt-lUCLlia1 infoi motion coninuniicatti ippM. I).. 75 C titer St. Salt Furfuithtr s K is R TeU-plmn- e 555. PRIMARY ASSOCIATION. On the 22nd of September S96, at 4 Tim-l meeting of Stake held was in the a o'clock p. m., meeting omcers 0f the Primary Association will be nouse oau in i.aKe Oct. v ' at a P. ra.. at Forest Dale meetmgheld Mondav. f " ' 1 a tor North Main Street. organizing Starke the:pnrpose-0Relief Society. L. B. Iinr, Pres't.Counselor and Bishop James, Jensen Mary Andkkson, Sec. IsaM. Sister Royal B. Young were present. bella Home, President of the Relief Society IN m of Salt Lake Stake was' the first speaker. esting remarks. President Zina D. H. Young said- our She referred to the. time when the Society was first organized in Nauvoo by the DK. R0MAX1A B. Pit ATT will commence Prophet organized .this Society according was very the winter class in midwifery October 7, 189G. to the Holy Priesthood, and it is worth our Prophet Joseph Smith, which The following Several situations hi small families for hoard. while to come together to testify of these interesting and instructive. set and were officers were chosen apart: CorSpecial terms to students seht by the Belief things. " How I wish these benches Steven-so- u Louisa Zion are For further particulars please comof nelia P. Driggs, President, I feel that the daughters Society. full and pray that and Addie Morris Cannon, Counselors, municate" with Pratt, holy in the sightof the Lord, Rumel, Sarah Agnes 22G Constitution Bldg., Main Street, NStrock, Secretary, He will bless you all.' bore Telitha her and .. Cannon C. Ass't. Clara Jlendry Secretary Counselor Salt Lake City, Utah. ' of sisters. Treasurer. a number did as testimony members .whose from the 21st, There were twenty-onReports were received Cannames were enrolled. 22nd, 23rd, wards, Center ward and C3 jMCjA. non ward. Sister Kniily S. Richards made a few reRemoved to 48 and 50 Main Dr. Grace Kimball in an interview in marks. President Home 'again reminded the describes the Chronicle, felt the London Daily ..to, sisters to bring their reports, and SALT LAKjEJ CITY. closed recent disturbance in Constantinople, of bless all who were present. .Meeting ' ' KimDr. ' ' Mid scenes of confusion. which she was an singing by --Otto-The Leading Retail Benediction by President Zina Dr'Hr. ball was standing on the steps of the a short was it seized, man Bank cn the day Young. took. attack the time before place. L. D. Alder, Sec. pro tern. 1 semi-annua- j ; . - - j CLASS iDVVlFERY - ; ; ): ; j e - St -- -- ' eye-witnes- s.. ; y . Gasli House - Root, of St. Paul, Minn., Iiqc Vppii nnnointed bv Mavor Moran as a special "polic6 officer, .possessing full power Mrs.. S. V. Mrs. Carrie Chapman. Catt is inaddressing large audiences. Cali-forni- a, j . 1 HOMAS 1 