W 0 M A N'S EX PO N K N T , "L. y.. fif nj has resided in Uns vrmfeyWV. eountrv five veir - -)- -- r i been - ! v.ar ir. .. iimiinave not to citizens, or who have not iv hi. o... - - - y . "i . the atu;aliation i f while the- children weie minor or who did not arrive in thW country before theywue l S aiulnve ears prior to the last date on whi di aliens can be naturalized this year in time to vute at the November election.' This date will occur ninety days before election, a one oi of a voter, under the Con-- ' is stitution, citizenship for ninetv days. It will thus ie .seen that a foreign wo man who arrived in the United States after she had reached the age of iS, and who has not been made a citizen by virtue o: marriage jr the naturalization of a parent.' will be required, before she can become a quaii-Tieelector, to file a declaration of "inte'jition with a clerk of a court, and wait two 'wars thereaiter for the issuance of .a certificated -- : I p. d ' citizenship-- . It is believed that the women who will be unable to qualify themselves- for voting - this year,, number everal "thousand, but as n eonert rati.iti. vana.u, 7i.i, !'ar Anni-"- V. .. -- 7 ' AlHlle l) ' & II t4V 1 l I aiwiat K. ivi;,z.it)ujn ()ii,m,1.i Stnke, rreSH ( ill 1 "n'r v st - n1fVAYnff It Mil 1 I i I M t 'eph Stake, Ann C. WWburv. Presi- dent St. ("eorge. Stake, Marr.A. Auderso!!, hock Make, Mary Pitchforth. luab tike.Mary A. Hyde, Sanpete., each gave a.oriet and interesting report. The subtreated jects upon were, exemplary homo life, cultivation of faith, spirit of "prayer, practical .work of the Society," its uplifting tendency, the wonderful success attending the efforts of the sisters in building, halls, storing grain ar.d visiting tlv s.ick, the needy and 'unfortunate; the blessings of the Lord upon the S.ciety as a whole in all the and the expectations to be. realized in the great future. Several of those who spoke alluded- pathetically to the recent death of Sister Minerva V. Snow who had 'endeared herself to the hearts of 'all those who knew her.' All the sisters spoke of the celebration of Sister Zina I). H. Young's-.birthdaanniversary, and- the excellent spirit manifested in the exercises of the day. Sislc;r M. A. Hyde spoke powerfully in the gift of tongues, and Sister Zina gave tin' Tfle congregation sang, interpretation. "Glorious things are sung of Zion " V. Hales of by Elder Henry Deseret, and meeting adjourfied until 2 i ..a in the Relief Society; Hannah Crosby Secretary of Relief Socket v , (, , i.j.ci.t.: t i f counsel- or Cache 'Stake,. Ruth .Pack Counselor Summit Slakev Susan ' Grant, President Davis Stake and M. Isabella II orne Presi dent .Salt hake Stake, each reported the work in their respective organizations; thought, there was a decided. .improvement in .spiritual Work,-anurged the sisters to. increased diligence in all duties whether of n, . ?vVnng M -- liCY ' m . d a temporal or charitable nature. Sister Horife spoke urgently dpoirthe Kindergarten movement and recommendedthe branches in the Salt Lake Stake to use their influence in helping to establish these, .schools; refern-to the signs of the times and the threatening aspect of affairs hi our owji and other nations. TTesident JL W. Smith, spoke of hearing' Joseph Smith the Pn)phet preach when she was a very young woman; she remembered at one time" lie said in speaking of the ten tribes "Perchance they are not on this globe; it may be they are broken off and gf.ne rolliig away into space, and when some great shock is given to the jearth, it may return the portion broken away-anthe ten tribes with it." "The Prophetalso taught us the ..order of prayer and the of In the Seventeenth Ward, since Sister Zina has talked of the young sisters joining, we have sent out missionaries to, . p. m. . try and induce them to come into our Relief Society and help us with the work", and it has been a good thing for us; we have SHssiox:-Meeliopened succeeded very well." with singing, "Come, Come ye Saints." .President Jane S Richards- gave an Prayer by President M.. Isabella Home. Singing "O", Jesus the Given"; The first excellent ' report of Weber Stake and of the ; speaker was Sister Marilla M. Daniels, "of harmony existing there between the Provo, wd 10 bore an excellent testimony of Bishops and the Relief Society, but realized the truth, aud.spoke'ol the many virtues of that as they were in a railroad town .where d v.-or- ld, . - ty. Pene-dictio- n of the State. WDmen r't f u : , '7 t ie . before stated, no one can at 'present do more than guess at the proportioil they form of the total number of 1 V Lar;ui' ... iiw .oi upon ,i , . vote thi naturalied-b- . ,..; t ..- - a, 0..cannot married bi their .parents, trii ii -- tnr-- 'I'll.. -- - lny'thc- ' RHIJKF SOCIKTV C(3NITvRI-XCK- . Ai-tkrnou- Tin- General Conference of the Relief Society was held Friday, April' 3, i.S.j, in the Assembly Hall in this City, morning session opening at ioa. inv- President Zina D. II. Voting presifing.' On the Stand were, of the general officers, . Jane S. arcTs, iiatlislieba V . Smith, isabellaoTneT" and H. B. Wells, and of the' Presidents of Stake organizations; Mary A. T Hyde. Sus?.n Grant, lilizabeth Fox, Mary Pitch-fortJane S. Coleman, Ann C. Woodbury and several others. Conlerence openerl with the hymn ''Lord we come before thee now" Prof. C. J Thomas leading the singing. Prayer-by- . Elder C. J, Thttmas; singing. Roll caik-Minutes vread and approved: Slatist'ic.d am - - - a way " lteT7MmeTvlxwfr thought it a lieautiful thing to lives uprightly, referred to many scenes 111 the past.. Annie E. Ward , Counselor In Parowan Stake and H. E. Hoyt, Counselor K iiiab Stake gave good reports,- similar to those - d ly for t h e spi r t 1 1 We 1 : wdieii-he-wa- s - . r..'-di- j ' - ; j j ! I i . j ; d, m j I , '. - 1 . Rich-inon- - - 1 - 7V ; .. j si-ter.- s, . reall the-prope- uis oiessings upon an our e:; ri to the death of three .t t) i.r go ul who now la' awaiting bun ih outr- ieloved Minerva W. Snow, Lucy Smith and SUter .Matser, who were safe now- beyqtid the reach of p iin or sorrow, but whose loss we deeply felt. Sister Young spoke upon .the return of many wayward and indifferent ones to the fold, and realized that love and union would accomplish much in winning back those who had turned away. .Mrs. "BetsylBrower presented a bust of President Young to Presidentt Zina D. H. Young, for and in. behalf. of Mrs. Almira Merrill and ' the Rich mond Relief Society Sister Young very graciously acknowledged this token of the love and esteem of the. sisters of and paid a beautiful tribute to Brig-haYoung and tp Sister Eliza, R. Snow, ' referring to the beautiful hymn "O," my Father' ' and spoke reverently of the everlasting priesthood; said we should be firm as ' ahyays heavily drained, and they to work very, hard . to do what was , j nig lit a v e KeierRo ; had "was w ; ( j .A ,1 h ury , FiuanciaPreport read and accepted. President Voting was the first jvaker; slie urgi-the sisters to exereisejdth .nd seek iHligeut- o t' . 11 .. i poor and destitute people than even Salt Lake City had, and consequently their treas- essential; the sister's were willing but they coujd not do everything. Sismade in tlie morning. Sister S. M. Win ball, after some pre- - ter Richards stated she had joined the Relief vSocie ty i 2 auvoo twenty iM;unary remaric.s, spoK.e very interestingly and daughters-in-laher had a was this daughter joinupon the Kindergarten, thought work which should be encouraged by the ed .when young; she believed it to be quite Reiief Society; it was not sufficiently under-- , thing to do. At one time , when j. but the principles of that system she presided in Ggden City, she persuaded of the young girls to unite .with the by at the foundation of the child's So education morally and spiritually; expected Relief Society and they stayed with it. She. there would be an article published in the did not have a program, but speaking, testimonies and experiences; thought we should ' Jh St' tit t AVas on the followi'n iv which would srive a clear idea of the teach our children concerning faith and virtue, honesty and reverence for the aged; Kindergarten influence and work. The Prithefounda-tioil- . mary Association, lays the foundation for they are the ones who' have laid Said many other good things and the Mutual Improvement Association which is for mental and spiritual growth. made some apt illustrations. The speaker thought the young women did '"""Sister Zina asked the sisters to; sing a not realize the importance of the work of verse or two' of the hymn "Hqw firm a .the Relief Society, nor could they .until foundation' etc. two verses were Sister Mary P, Silver. leading, Dr. they came into contact with xi,.. She felt the Relief Society called into exercise all Ellis R. Shipp, spoke of the great honor the faculties of our nature, and "it was ex-- . and blessing of the Relief Society, and : - would praised the wdiole. work of these diligent pected the y oung women of it the of and faithful mothers; thought duty be .more intellectual and more spiritual beto come to aid women their cause thev had better preparation than those the younger' who had laid the foundation of this Society , 4 and help in this praiseworthy cause while who had not been privileged with similar ad-- j there was an opportunity to learn of those theextjerience; spoke plainly up-- , v It was no small m issiou acd no. whothehadneed vantages of cenqpetent help for the sick small calling, but a responsibility; and no on afflicted in the various wards and places, blessing ever came from shirking a re- - and the RelietSociety should take sponsibjlity; but a blessing comes with jt, and thought - . ' ; - h, - ug . . . ren-Tere- d, -- ; to-da- y . .... 