WOMAN'S dent, .the order i the Relief Society, the society should Ix: .in harmony with Uie Bishopic of the .wards, VI connected Ill KX PON EN T. Counselor Clara C. Cannon regretted that In. Wyoming thcState sujerintendent of were not more coninstruction, Nllss Estelle Reel, is conducting anxjgutil : ' nected vdkolte asher office with such skill and vnhing.such - Vvitii thj SK:fevaiii7;ed by sociations were, not onW a btnefit but a golderU'Opjmdris Uhat the Trophet Joseph. Heard the gospel for great .Messing to, woman... Advised the e fettimellire:. weeks after my teachers to labor-witthem. Tell them of seriously considered. , ' "witli Brrther Home. ' In shaking ltiie blessings to be derived from the good - '"hands 'witli the Miss Laurence Tadkma, the daughter Prophet Joseph, felt such. nnstruttions given there, how they wOuld ' an influence that it thrilled ray body like" help to has written One" fairly their labors at home. The of lighten electricity. Knew he' was a Prophet of Prophet Joseph said every! virtuous woman successful book, "The Crucifix." She has the" Lord. Had never lost the sjjirit of the should belong the to Relief Society T have just completed a translation of Maateflinck's from that time. , Gave a brief sketch gospel tne remark, that . old women have - plays, for which she has written a preface that is said to of. her life. Felt to prize and honor the'' rri t f rr IUr lUilv UUVJUl, I.,t. ... literary III vt.:., mis nicy UldkC a merit. Miss possess exceptional uwiu.iiJg Tademas not yet twenty. five associations and acquaintance, dearly. "The, grana mistake. W e can talk to each other adversary is abroad on the earth, we need of the gospel, its principles never .grow old, years of agtv and is an artist-a- s well as a to be wise. Read the Book of Mormon, we 'can learn "something new everyday writer. Doctrine and Covenants and the Bible, those from it. Myvsisters, let us educate ourTin-- Woman's Political Equality Club of who study these works have no time for selves! And know our true position, no Rochester. N. V., held a "Lucretia Mott" fault finding." Spoke of some, who were one can give us theiraestimonjv we have to anniversary Social, "at the residence of Dr. with Christian earn our own salvatiohto InoAv the truth E. M. Moore, on the evening of Jan. 16. connecting themselves Science. Satan has great power on the for ourselves; our conscience will tell us An interesting biographical sketch of "the earth, we should watch and pray, that our when we do wrong. President Home told "Saintly LuCretia" was read by Mrs.. Jean minds may not be darkened; be careful how us of the power of Satan w;excannot afford Brooks Greenleaf. Personal reniiniscences "we speak of the Lord's anointed. Spoke to be careless. Read good book be humwere given by Dr. E. M.Moore, who is a of the power Satan exercised over the ble and prayerful. Seek to knowxthe truth nephew of James Mott, and by Miss Sus:iu messenger sent to Daniel in answer to his for yourselves, that we may be faithful to' B. Anthony. the end." prayer, by obstructing his path and enMrs. Eixkn M. Hknkotin' president of in gaging combat, how the Heavenly.MesSister Alice Butter worth said "my sisters, the General Iederation of Women's Clubs, . senger who overcame him, also explained I will try to fill the position assigned me, vhas issued a circular letter to all the club to Dauiel why he had been delayed.- Spoke by the assistance of my Heavenly Father them to bring forward of tlTe prophecy of the Prophet Joseph on had received many blessings through faith presidents, askingof a the consideration peace movement in the signs of the times.- He said when the. and prayer." " Europe,and in this' country. The ultimate Russian Bear puts hispaw on the British Sister Ellen R. Watson said, MIn accept- hope is'to have a convention of the ChrisLion be sure the end is not far off. Presithe position l am called to occupy, my tian powers in 1900,111 a view to estabdent Home said l a,m pleased with your ing desire is to do good, to assist the poor, lishing an international court of arbitration. only choice of your Counselors Alice Butter-wortto help the sick and afflicted, and perform Many of the club "presidents have already whom 1 have been acepjainted with duties." Asked God to bless this acted in accordance with the letter. ... for a number of years.. Spoke of her ray Mrs. Mary A. Livermore, recently financial' abilitiesTher faithfulness in the society. Sister Margaret Latham was set apart as entertained the Bostonian "Club with rem- Spoke of 3ister Cochrane's first Counselor to President Hunter of gospel. ' integrity to the truth. Spoke of the Primary Association by Brother John iniscences of "Boston Sixty Years Ago." on. Salem Street, near the responsibility of the teachers. The Relief Latham. Sister Elizabeth E, Watson as Her home was court end. of Society were not to assist the poor alone; s econd Counselor by Bishop Jas. C, Watson. corner of Bennett Street the Boston .Mrs. Livermore's earliest recollecbut also to edify and instruct each other made Watson remarks, closing Bishop tion of ail important "event is the visit of and save souls. None but pure chaste wothanked President Horne and Counselors Lafayette, when the roads between Boston men should be members; gave much good for their visit. Exhorted the sisters to be gailyHecorated, and all instructions, especially in regard to storing the children in towii dressed up in honor ot -Benediction urging month. one for ' Adjourned the event. the sisters to be. diligent in discharging by Counselor Jesse West. ' their duties. A earge; and brilliant assembly greeted After close of meeting, President Home been have T. Annie "I Counselor Hyde and Counselors with Bishop Watson, Coun-- ' Miss Anthony and Mrs. Upton at "the home pleased with the remarks of Sister' Home, selor Tesse West and officers of Relief of the editor of the Tribune last Saturday. Desired she always tells us something good n There were Senators and members, with to President; West's where repaired Society to assist in Zion's cause. Regretted that so a bounteous luncheon awaited them, pre-- . their wives, the gifted ladies from. National few were here todav. manv did not realize andxlarge number of . the 4rkemrnaiy, redbL.herdaughiers, SoCietVr bot; thr i m time and social chat, all returned to their prominent women of the District, many of iti nnrtn nrfCrf members. old and young women should be homes feeling blest and benefited by the. them with their husbands. Miss Anthony had only been in the city a few lurs, but The Prophet Joseph was' inspired to good instructions given. Emma Smith was did not seem fatigued with her journey and W. Con die organize the sisters. Elizabeth wasJii her usual health and spirits. Ax. called to the office of President by revelation. Joseph in giving instructions in the Miss Helen M. Winslow, of this city, NEWS. third meeting, said none but women of good AND NOTES who made a prolonged visit at the Atlanta, work The members. become should repuje (Ga.) Exposition, found much there that is F.. is not to relieve the poor alone, but to exHon. George S. U. Senate, In the interesting and encouraging in relation to hort and .expound the scriptures. Urged Hoar has. presented a joint resolution: for a the work and progress of women. In a let- -' the teachers to invite - and encourage the Constitutional Amendment admitting ter to the Boston Transcript she writes ap sisters to come to meeting. Did not know to suffrage. , preciatively of the women, who composed how any could absent themselves from the Women's Board of Managers, and reclearcould-no- t has dwell God of Chapm Mrs Carrie meeting; the spirit counts some of the many difficulties they instructions National the all need the for Organization We ed with such.: 140 bravely overcame. are we- can receive. JdanyJ)lessings "While the Exposition itself comes out beWe conwe sale. faithful a are we found ready which to if mothers, promised hind, in money matters, the Women's can administer to our children,, call on Ihe gratulate her. v who built and managed the WoBoard, if them heal tney Lord to bless them.and to was the victim man's Buildingrunaided and unadvised by-mSomerset Henry Lady and ' glorious These are great are sick. at a recent came out with about $4,000 in their compliment an of attempted the Priest, to enjoy, privileges for mothers in London. She was treasury. meeting temperance it is earth the today, hood' of God is on illness. The lady who absent through and Enoch of order ; Miss Clara Barton has sailed for England, patterned after the took her place made this kindly but unexen route to Armenia, with the prayers and has "Deaf Henry Lady ' explanation: of the American people for her President Home related an incident pected of sympathy course, we arid" must, overworked, and success. It is a difficudt ami where her child was healed through the been safety that the she kill to goose not careful jay be delicate task to invade the domain of a administration of Mother "Smith, the , eggs." ; Prophet Joseph's mother., the-sister- s ? . lief k$zzt$i&$ " I mar-'nag- h Alma-Tadem- $ra . I C a, 1 1 K-i..l v : : . : . . . - - h . -- - - faithfuHrr-theischaTgeflieirlliitie- -of- Closed-herrelriarts- -grainr s. Tby - ' : - . , After-a-pleas- ant- the-Rel- a - w- -' w - ief . wo-me- n . an-Ca- tt tlyr - en, -- " ' . , . 