VVOMAN'jS ?vv '&r EXPONENT. 1 ( i Tuscans. . In the .second storv oi - tfitUitUYmz is the famous "tTtIiall known 'iiS the Tribune 'is thVtifii-- "' in the world and contains the Venus de.' Medici, one of the. most perfect 'ihrnh-- ' d she died she left behind her two ,.' "sons and. fivTuaugtersra new ivorn babe dying at its birth. : vL: . . took jf(hcefrom the Third ward of funeral I WILL vndeavor to writ- The 7" a brief thv j Qi;cjen city Hticrs j0Sl.ph parry and Henry Hie and hhors of Sister Ami K; Cbok ountoj . lrVl'lenl. Xewnian,iesti;lKu.l t() the. deceased's sterling the iSth of May,.iS0. She was one of the most worth and faithfulness and the certainty to her of early and glorious resurrection and eternal patient uncomplaining th it evvr lived and an .' always had a kind word ior every one.' She h is' life. Fkancis H. Kekdkk. hcea a subscriber for the HxroNENT ever since it was first, slarted. It is quite imposNible Jor one lydia 00VKK CATKS. to do justice to. her life and .'many exemplary Died in Wilson ward, Weber county, Utah, at virtues. Slie was born in the town of Stillwater, S.tra- - the residence of her daughter, Mrs. Willard BingOctober ir, 1896, toga; Co., New York, June-iS,.i823,.and was the ham, at 12:30 a. rn., Sunday, Downer-Gate- s, a short after .aged illness,. Lydia and i'hebe; Baker" daughter ' 86 years and 3 months. Mother 'Gates was born AV hen she was about seventeen ears of in the state ol Vermont, July 12, iSto; married her parents removed to Kalamazwo Co., MichiSamuel Gates in the year 1S30, by whom she had gan. In iS.jo she married Pliineas V. Cook and in the winter of 1S44 and 45 children, eight of whom besides her husthey heard the first twelve band have long since preceded her to the spirit sound of the glorious Gospd and gladly received land. She and her husband joined the Church in it, she being the only one of her lather's family f ifhiiriri !it nn rltr Vis t o ami cnrn nftr riri f who has ever received it, and her husband and fi n j one sister were the only ones of his ' family who ed with the Saints.- - They were well acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith, who had often believed and were baptized. They came to the Saints at Winter (Juarters and shared in the hard-ship- s shared the hospitality of their humble dwelling and for whom they always ertertained the highest andjjri vations that were borne bv them, iove and regard. They also willingly rendered Tii 1S4S when President to Utah Young's' coming mite in the erection of the Nauvoo Temple, their family came. were and among the few who. received their enSister Cook was appointed president of the therein. They shared in all the persedowments Garden City Relief Society in iS;6at its first orand cutions drivings incident to that time ; crossganization in which capacity she labored faith- Mi.ssoo.iri river in early spring and setJully until her death ; she was beloved by all who j ing the tling with the Camp of Israel, arriving in Utah in knew her. She was the mother of sixteen child1S50. They settled in the spot where the old ren ten of. whom preceded her other side; Bingham fort (now called Five Points, Lynne disfihe leaves four sons, two daughters, thirty grand children and nineteen great grandchildren. She trict) was built in Weber countyynaking this their home, and which place widow Gates held posalways core a laithtul tesumony to the truth of session of the homestead up to the day of he the Gospel, and was always willing to do any-t- o the best death, but had a short 'time since rented the tiling she was called to do accordin place and moved to live with her daughter in of her ability, No matter what trials and privations she had to Wilson Lane, from which place the corpse was in a hearse to the Lynne meeting pass through she was jiever known to murmur or conveyed house. complain against the. justice and mercy of her The obsequies were conducted by Bishop Heavenly Father. She always taught her childSmuin of LynnewardT'on Monday, October 12th, ren to pray to Him and revere His Holy Name. 1S96, there being on the stand Elders L. W. She died in full faith of a glorious, resurrection. Shurtliifand C. F. Middleton of the Stake presiH. B. T. dency ; Elder Ix)nn Farr, president of the High Garden City, Rich Co., Utah, Oct. 19 i86. Priest's quorum ; High Councilor Joseph Barry of Ogden ; Patriarch P. G. Taylor of Harrisville; Bishop Bingham of Riverdale ; Bishop Backham IN MEMORIAM. of Wilson Lane ward and others. After prayer and appropriate singing by the SUSAN VI LATE MUIK. Eloers Farr and Parry, and choir,; Bishop Smuin,Lii.-iKr .1 m ir ....i.j.. Susan Vilate Muir, daughter of the late career of Mother Gates for the of their sixty years Jedediah M. and Susan Grant, was born in Salt said and the withNher, legacy of Lake City, Utah, on the 19th day of September, acquaintance which left to she her offspring was righteousness 1S55, and died at Randolph, Rich county, Utah, them knew of any, than None riches. better of on September 29,1896, being 4; years and 9 days g acin faults Mother. Gates during their old. She was married to William S. .Muir, Jr., in quaintance, for she was never known to sit in the the year 1S71 and moved from Bountiful to Ranseat of the scornful, or found complaining against dolph in iSSS. She was an affectionate' daughter, the Lord's anointed, but was full to the brim a faithful wife, a loving mother and an earnest with, charity and good works and was always and sincere Latter-da- y Saint, and as such will be prompt to her meetings. Siie was fully up to the' "mourned bya host of relatives and friends. She standard in the payment of tithes and offerings, leaves a husband and ten children, four sons and in even her widowhood, and.had nobly supported six daughters, her youngest being three weeks the order of marriage.. Purely it can be eternal old at the time of her death; she also leaves said she died the death of the righteous. two grandchildren. She was very highly esteem' The remains were viewed by a large concourse ed and her many good traits of character were of people. The features were as placid as in appreciated by the Saints where she. resided. Her funeral was largely attended by the good balmy sleep. The pall bearers were her near young relatives, who bore the beautiful white cofpeople of Randolph and WoodrulT and by fin to the superb, white hearse which was followrelatives from Salt Lake and Bountiful, and the ed to the Ogden City cemetery by a host of funeral sermon, preached by her brother, Elder relatives and friends. The remains were conHeber J. Cxrant, was full of comfort and encourto rest in the Ogden cemetery till the signed and friends. May agement to the bereaved family resurrection of thejusf till the morning of the first she rest- in peace P. L. resurrection, when she will be found worthy of Com.' rich blessings in our Father's kingdom. ADELIA A. KIMBALL. . specimens of found in Hadrian's villa at Tivoli, the Dancing' Faun, the Apollmo, the Wrestlers, all beauty, while in painting7 the sculpture-existing- , mar-.vels.- of of Etruscan and Italo Grecian vases and nearlyJ-3o- o of-Henr- On the nrstfloor of the building. Masters. ; -- ' in rulrl n' Madonna della Seggiola by Raphaelle, a circular piettfre painted in 1516.- The. r . ...... sua. in a low cuau i.t.i: .uauonna uuiumg ire bide Si. John hei her child on knees;- at folds his little hands in prayer; she Wears a many colored handkerchief on her head and is most on her shoulder There was an exquisite Madonna and Child by Murillo and that, beautiful gem the Fates by Rosso. Ficrentino, ascribed to Michael - 1 - s-- . ilo-wland- r . We His Majesty, King Humbert. went though the' Art Gallery where we saw,, blue . Madonna, and the the beautiful o-i- y - by - v: - ic Inner tn hr 1 ' to-th- e rt'TTifmlxTi il mid the Palace the front of which is occupied .tlv.it ' " . , , from-Dubli- . 1 - bridge' which is hung with portraits there were iiiany.,oCat1ierin'e de .Medici, only child (if Lorenzo de' Medici, she was the icted mieeii of France. Here she is attired in ermine, royal purple and jewels, looking defiant while the portraits I saw of her in France she always. in an attitude of prayer. One of the party said to me " She was not nearly so wicked as Catherine II. of Russia.'1. There were portraits of tjie king's and queens of all the kingdoms and here was a beautiful portrait said' of Nell G.vyirie; a lady hhe was acquainted with her descendants and there were three beautiful sisters, all like Nell, not chaste.- - The tramp across was-penitent- ... a-- ;e the Blbiioteca Xationale which contains 500,000 volumes and 8000 manuscripts much of it is of great rarity. The buildiug Connected is splendid, of rich" simplicity. with this palace by a bridge a mile long is is . fuMfi). ' wo-nc- .uicuaLi ui Tt ., : i.apiiavi, ... i itmeiu, I mail, t.. oeMue.va.ueu eoneciion iorregio, eSL WUIKS .... S2 " i- it -. 1 l: . Tile-lon- Angelo. Leavins" the Pitti Palacewe isited-th- eCasa Guida, long the residence of "the Brownings, in tiie Piazza S. Felice and the house of Michael Angelo, No. y.y via - . Ghibelliha, and .the house where Dante was born, in the "via Dante Alighieri, and No. 2 is that of Amerigo Vespucci. Tlien .we visited the Baptistery to see the remarkable bronze doors by Ghiberti, the one Michael Angelo nearest the , chuich said when he looked at them " Worthy to be jlie Gates of Heaven. The ; streets of Florence are old, narrow and twisting; but in the small windows of the shops are the EMILY E. HILL. T widmd fnr rrent ninQt' .wealth-tha- t Died, at Ogden City, Utah, October n, 1S96, I might buy iome jjf the art m Hill, beloved wife of treasures but since I could not buy, it was Emily Eliza of Thomas and Elisabeth S. Hill and daughter a delight to admire. Maria Reeder, pioneer settlers in Wellsville, county, and later of Ogden City. She was We now took carnages and drove to tlie Cache eirl baby that was born m the then new first the .wnerei settlement of Wellsville ortrhe 13th November. nieliesr nart-- ot ther Boboli-liarc- en we had a superb view of the city, and to TS59- She was baptized at eight years old, and the west the Vale of Arno.. The hills are through her girlhood proved herself a very child. When she was about 10 years, very beautiful and the plains covered with affectionate of age she had a narrow, escape from death, hav- villages and country residences. Then ing been accidentally shot in the forehead with a we drove to the. Foundling Hospital with rfilie bullet which glanced and only, made' a4 . severe scalpwound. was married she the at House On 1879, June swaddling, clothes, by Andrea della Robba, of the Lord27, in Salt Lake City to Elder William they are' most curious and priceless, money Hill, whom she accompanied in 18S4- on a mission to settle in St. Johns, Arizona. They re4um not purcnase one. xxouuc' tu uiumw. '" mained there five years and then returned to Kim. ;x - 1 tlvit-irrc- s - Elder-Willia- - . . -- Died at Kanosh, Millard county, October 19, 1896, Adelia A. Kimball, aged 68 years, 7 months , and i7 days. She was the daughter of Catherine and Eber Wilcox, and was born in Shandgo county, New York. She was first married to YVilliam Hatton who was killed by Indians in Fillmore, which left her a widow with three small children, Wil liam, Henry and Mary Eliza. She was afterwards married to President Heber C. Kimball and lived in his family until her daughter Mary Eliza was married to Abraham A. Kimball and he was called on a mission ,to the Muddy. She accompanied them and there she acted as president of the Relief Society. The family after a few years spent in that then inhospitable country, moved north as far as Kanosh coimty, where she has lived up to ihe time of her death. On Jan. 1, 1875 she was elected president of the Relief Society of the- Kanosh ward 'arid for nearly -- - 