WOMAN'S "1 The glory of Lesbos was that Sapplio was. '''' '..'i' .vi ' i ."'4 ' Where burnu-- r Si:lii '.-.- .. : ' '.- - ' JJ2Cjne Stypiiu-am-rtiv- - 'lv,!-- ,' ...,7" of Pamphyjia, it ,llveV in close friendship ,,wi-t- 9C 1a5hcr. . ." , EXPONENT.:' y?Kphy 1 :u p.oenis--afte- puiaas ; century, pai?ite'Lk. i luUst.t , s , PHriy savH" that Icon-a- artist, the .irarb of a HCtu..of lier()det;tf r i n Numerous' illusXratjous of her till exist companions' and Attis. Lesiona "and upon Greek vases, but they are all said to be three, and' her Megara, pupils he also names.' fin aj debased style, antique would feel more Anoiner ijieek writer' s iys "WharAlcib- - content not to have seen them. (J. ' lade: ami unarming nn. ' c the--' ground, and t.,r.. ivy. Sy monds says "The 'world has v many to Socrates, Gyrinnaand Attliis and Anoe-tori- a suffered no greater literary loss, that; the authors "testify to the wholesomeness of were to Sapplio she herself praised loss i .Xesbos wine.".. poem.-- ; "so", perfect are the Dica for her skill in coronals', smallest and weaving" fragments preserved,' that we Sappho was of the Aeolian "race, and Sy-- . a of is addressed daughter as a in one muse sad of astonishment Mo Polyanax monds in his Studies of Greek 'Poets says of her maidens; nor can twe tell who were thin what the rapture "The Aeolians; occupied the very 'fore complete )oems must have those other hundred maidens. been. Ovid Of all the poets" of the world, of all .ground of Greek literature,aud blaed out makes the illustrious artists of all literatures, hersay "She blamelessly 7 with a brilliance of lyrical splendor that has PhaonVitished her heart." Plato in his' Sappho, is the One whose every word has never been' surpassed. This .passion blosPhaedrus calls Sappho "Beautiful for the a peculiar and unmistakable perfume, a somed into the most exquisite, lyrical poetry sweetness ot her songs ' Maximns Tyrius seal 'of absolute perfection and illimitable that theAvorld has known." In this the small and dark, uie petite In u grace. In her art fie was unerring'.") Lesbian poets (it is said) were not unlike says ncttc. winburne says, The age in which Sappho flourished is t the Provencal troubadours, who made a "The small dark body's lesbian loveliness,' mainly determined, by concurrent events. literature of love. The customs of tlie Aeo- Athenaeus makes her "contemporary with t he the fireHans permitted more social and; domestic Alyattes, the father jopCnesiis who reigneil freedom - than- was" common "in Greece. j 7 A leucus to Sapplro in "Ins son savs: ' 'Aeolian women were not' confined to the. ' V iole - wea y i ng pu re soft- - sin i i ng Si pp h o. ' ' over Lydia from 62 to 570, II C. Puse: JJomachris iu the Greek Anthology, in bins mentions her in his Chronicle for the ; harem like Ionian; or subjected to the . now long sue uvea no year 004 i. rigorous discipline of the Spartans. While an Epigram o:i a statue of Sappho, speaks one of of that day pretend to writers the r. r i m. of her bright eyes showing her wisdom, uHAuiy iiuciy wuii in a ic society, iney. were to herself in Fragment 75 of her' highly educated, and accustomed to express- a"d compares the beauty of her face to that determine; tlieir. sentiments to an extent unkno wn else- Aphrodite." To another writer in the poems she applies the epithet old, which where in history until the present', time. Ureek TTthology she is the pride of ."The may be merely relative. If What Herodo is tus may have, reached M he. Lesbian ladies applied :. themselves esoiaus.. ;.iiiacreou as the says of true, Sappho An fifty years. age inscription on successfu ly to literature; they formed clubs well as Philoxeuus, cills her "Sweet-voic- for the cultivation of poetry and. music; ed." Little is known of her personal ap-- , the famous Parian marbles, a system of compiled in the third century they' studied the art of beauty, and sought pearance, but ikeWhole testimony ofancient chronology B. C, says "When Aristocles reigned over to refine metrical forms and diction.1 "Nor writers describe the charm ot her poetry the Athenians, bappho lied lrom .Mitylene 'did they confine themselves to the scientific with unbounded praise. sailed to Sicily, but- the exact date and Such was her unique renown, Mhat she side of Art. Unrestrained by public opinthough it may be placed between ion and passionate for the beautiful, they was called "The Poetess' as Horace was and 592 B. C. cultivated to the extreme their senses and "The Poet. " .,1'lato numbers her among 604 Balancing all the evidence, Fasti Hellen-icc- i emotions. All the luxuries' and elegancies the Wise. Phutarch speaks of the grace of takes the years 611 and 592 to be the of life the rich valleys of Lesbos could afford her poems, acting on her listeners likean which Sappho flourished. were at their disposal; exquisite tropical enchantment, and says that when he read years.in Of the family life of Sappho nothing rethem set aside thedrinking cup in very "he olive and fountains, gardens, groves pine liable is known.. Lindas says "Sappho-inarrieshadowed caves by the sea where bathing shame.." one Cercolas. a man of ureat wealth. A knowledge of her writings wn held to was adehVht, fruits: mreh nsonlj- thSouth-erwho sailed lrom Andrps, " and he adds "She be essential of .culture the Greeks, among sea and sea wind ever mature, marand she is called in the Greek Anthology, had a daughter by him named. Cleis.". In ble cliffs starred theflo wers of Pr. 85, Sappho mentions this daughter with the perfume of myrtle and the Tenth Muse," child of Aphrodite and Cleis by name, and Ovid in his Epistle also Eros, nursling of the Graces, and Persuarosemary;" nightingales that sing the sumrefers to her; but the existence of such a mer nights through; temples dhn with sion, pride of Hellas, companion of Apollo, husband has been Warmly disputed and her immortality... Many dusky gold and bright with ivory , statues and Greek prophesy "The sfory of Sappho's love for Phaon, poets have written of her in the most and her frescoes of heroic forms; these are the surleap from the Leucadian rock, in Plato says . style. passionate the the environmtnts settincrs, roundings, con sei ue her, thomrli" who and Musts the "Some so it been has Nine, does thoughtlessly proclaim and.sung believed, fhepoetswhotved long implicitly A is Lesbian Sappho, Maid divine." still live in the memory of the world. not seem to rest on any historical basis. One writer says the voluptuousness of All the Eipgrammatists uuite in the Indeed more than one eoitrra'mmatist in the Aeolian poetry, is not like that of Persian sime strain calling her "The flower of the Greek Anthology expressly states that she or Arabian art. It is Greek. in its was buried in an Aeqlic grave." Graces." P'or all the myths or legends that cluster proportion, tact; and there is nothAristotle remarks that her image was enis so ing burdensome in its sweetness. All graved on the coins' of Mitylene "though about Phaon, he may after all have been a , in the she was only a woman." J. C.. Wolf de- real personage. The traditions which have rhythmically and sublimely ordered that" poems of Sappho, supreme art lends scribes six extant coins, which presumably been handed down tell of his miraculous and solemnity grandeur to the expression were struck at different times in honor of lovelineess, and insensibility to love. He of unmitigated passion. her; however no coins bearing the name or is said to have been a boatman of Mitylene been centre seems have a to of the Sappho effigy of Sappho have been discovered who was endowed by Aphrodite with youth society in Mytilene where she dwelt, a which were current before the Christian era, and extrodinary beauty7 as a reward for bekind of aesthetic club, devoted to the Muses. so that no conclusion drawn can be of his ing ferried her for nothing. Servius, who Maidens gathered around her from, even torical importance. The best representawrote about 400 A. D., ays she gave "him com para tivelyTjd istan trplaces attracted by tion: of what she and her surroundings-migh- t an alabaster box of ointment, the effect of her fame, to "study under her all that related have been, is the Sappho of Alma Which was to make all women fall in love to the later age Tadema exhibited at the Royal Academy with him, and that one of these ( he does -to poetry and music; similar when students resorted to the philosophers 1881 and etched by C. O. Murray and pho- not mention her name) threw herself in des- Servius at Athens. Thenamesj of fo"iirteeri7of her tographed by Mhe Berl in Photographic rsair lrom the cliff of Lcucas. s have been preserved, the. most company;7from this J: C. Webb has en- further, states on the authority of Menander, Celebrated was Erinna, a poetess of Lesbos; graved a medallion. that the temple was- founded, by Phaon of ' a poetess of whom an Epigram in the Greek A large statue of Sappho was splendedly Lesbos. Phaon's beauty and power of fascination, passed t into- a proverb. Pliny made by.Silanion and stolen by Verres. acAnthology says. he became the object of SapThese are Eririna songs, how sweet though slight, cording to Cicero, from the pyrtaneum at however says, Christodomus in the Anthology pho's Jove because he had found the plant For she was but a girl of nineteen years. -- Syracuse. , and that j t probably our Yet stronger far than what most men can write. describes a statue of her as adorning the a Had death delayed, whose fame had equalled hers.'- gymnasium of the Byzantium Ju the. fiftli acted like ' says friends were is a quotation familiar to us all; the island is famous now for its oil and wine, and its saiuoruy. Virgil reters to its vines which Mppho " Ad-dingto- t1:1 n n.-itd- - . . -- loved-befor- e -- she-wa- -- ' . - t- 1 - " ' ' j i iovci-ijaue- o . j - ible, is-illeg- - . . . d - n . . - spring,-aromati- c . -- ig ti-nt- self-restrain- t, -- -- girl-friend- - . " - - sea-holl- y ery-ngo'- love-char- , - 