I A. - i The Rights 1 m t' N nn 3 of .the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the .Women of ah Nations. SALT LAKIi CjTY. UTAH, OCTOBKR 15, VOL. 25., 16. No. 8. ' CONTENTS: The Pacific Coast 'Woman's Press Association Fnuces Fuller Victor. A Letter Jane S. Coleman. Jean Ingel'ow. A Few AVonL About 'India Udbhur. U, VV.. P. C- -K .R. Sht'pp.. Re. lief Society General Cwnf'ieuce K. . JJ. Wells. J ourntying In Dixie Ann C. Woodbury; A Let .. " " ter Of Symnathy Camilla WellsMary L. - MorrK Memoriaiu. THIC Leaves 'Frojn C. Cobb Ldia Ann In R. S. Reports. PACIFIC COAST WOMAN'S PRESS ASSOCIATION. , , s sjK-eialist- Tin: Pa cine Coast Woman's "Press Association has f'r its object 'so says its ; . constittition),,U:c pi ouiotiu.i of acquaintance, t and ration anions the women writers of this coast, and" the advancement of their professional inlere is All women arc eligible tor achitf niemler- ip good-fellowsh- co-op- ; . s -- Journal Kim. HniToiUAL: Moderation, And Self Control. A mipT-rrhntot'ess ionollyt i n lirilliaut' Yedding. Editorial Notes. journalism- that is to say who write for F. R. Shipp. The PoKTKy: M.ttinal Musing payand inall who are engaged in literary Kternal Justice Anne Rieves Aldrich.- Wedding .work, or illustrating the same. All woHells L- - D. Alder.. Tire Heart The Heart men who are simply intt-- ested in literary ' 'Eliza Cook. Wedding Bells Amelia W. Farns-wort- lr or artistic Work, and willing to- - labor for My and determind opposiiiou from the mascu- line portion. it has been objected A!out by some that we, as a Press Association cannot vith dignity le'r.d ourselves to ..the endorsements or even .to the considerations of special .subjects outside of the profes-- : sion of literature. This-ibeing in a way, as narrow as those associations which ex-- '' elude everything but newspapers from work.. TTow shall we better become Tpre-journalists, if that is our 'aim,. than by dis- of the juesti.ons that, relate to good citiensliip, or the progress of the race"? Yet I have been made unpleasantly aware that on a recent occasion when a gentleman who Had been invited to address us on the Silver Cjuestion, failed to'kecp his appoint-- ; rat'ht, and the High 'Priestess of Woman SulTragc who was present, kindly consented to fill the intellectual vacuum, there was much dissatisfaction manifested. The venerable woman before us declined to dis-- ; cu.-.-silver because as she said she knew .' nothing about it except that she had never had enough of of it," but ihe gave us a timely talk about things which deeply con-- ; cern women, - and imparted to 11s facts gatiiered from a lifetime of work in her chosen field. The objectors declared that biifTrage seeches were not' in order 'in a r. 'Press 'Association yet they were eager to. nw--- i ilvcr and gold. What a iasc Some one has nating subject is money ' forcibly said that "Gold is the only idol' that is worshiped - in all lands without a . temple, and by all sects without hypocri-' s ue- cti-.-i- - jn i t the welfare of the association," are e igibie for associate membership. We have MATiNAL BUSINGS. thrown odu the 'doors widelv Bi:ronr. the eaily rays of morn enough, and. a goodly number, have come are sonic. eminent names. iu, among--whoDispel the gloom. and bring us dawn, In the promotion of goodfellowship Ae My heut ascends to Father's throne, And all His love and mercies own. have enjoyed, and we believe conferred I. thank Him for this night of rest much genuine pleasure. And that through all my life' He's blest As to the work a press association should And watched o'er me, with tender care, do, there has bten some variance of opinion And beetled every earnest praye r. a variance broadened by actual or rumorIn peaceful joy my heart responds ed criticisms offered hx our older ass)c;a-tiou- s To nature's fair alluring charms'; com posed entirely of men. For myleaf floweret and Eich tree and sweet, self, I will remark just here, that because The shady glen and lone retreat, we do our work in a way somewhat difThe babbling brook with "mossy side, ferent to men, it is not necessarily inferior The forests grand and deep and wde, to men s w7rft: "1 ntr ill Work The clear. Oiue sky, the lleecy cloud, and methods is a matter of environment The rising sun that speaks aloud quite as much as of natural tetidencies. Of Father's wondrous love and power Men have lewer ever present cares than To His frail children every hour. ' women in the ranks of oress writers. The With solemn thoughts and reverent mood, member of a men's association usuallv is. cy." its soul forth My gratitude. pours Why were we not prepared to close the or assumes to Ix., only a press man, while E. R. Shut. gap in our program for ourselves by a free the press woman irequently has txsides discussion of the popular religion of gold, her literary work adooLabuvines,s. or a THE ET E R NA LJ USTJC news-- .' household on her hands. TCven the enjoy rwhichis prefered to liberty? The Thank God that God shall judge my soul not man ment of the stated meeting is marred bv papers and magazines are teeming with articles on the subject. Connot we get I marvel when they say, the apprehension of a late dinner. The as much out of this literature about money " Think of that awful Day man who has had the whole day to devote ? But not No pitying eye shall scan to an article or articles on these., subjects as w uld enable us to discuss it so should we not and cer.With tolerance thy soul, which are plainly brought, before him ijv having done But His who knows the whole, his associations has a great advantage over tainly the majority of us did thank the worn m who was prepared on another great The God whom all men own is wholly just,'1 the women, who while seeking to do a cer Hold thou that last word dear, tain thing is distracted by haying to give-he- question to 'speak to us? I desire to And live untouched by fear, upon the thoughts to affairs entirely- - foreign to Association is that whileimpress we are in spirit He knows with what strange fires He mixed the it.' J and efFect a literary body', we must not be dust. diftoo wholly literary, but that our best interThe heritage and race, "Very well," you just that " makes ference the mail's work superior , The circumstance and place, ests lie in the pursuit of practical infor-- . mation. There must be a well developed Which makes us what we are were from His as in fact it might very reasonably do, and without do." Men idta before there can be a literary product hand. , dispute frequently- does in are contact with the world's greatof any value. While we analyze standard That left us, faint of voice, daily ' er or those which affairs, Small margin for a choice: they choose to authors, review "new ones, or entertain consider greater ;, as questions of municipal each other with our own performances in He ga$&, I took; shall I not fearless stand ? ' or national government of our foreign prose and verse, we cannot - afford to conHereditary bent - : relations, of tariff reforms, or of " sixteen fine ourselves to these lines. If, for in- That hedges in intent He knows, be sure, the God who shaped thy to one." But while they are struggling stance, instead of this we call upon our with problems, of shall we, or shall we not kindergarteners to give us an illustrated brain, have a double standard for money, women talk upon their methods of teaching ; upon . He loves the soul He made; He knows His own hand laid teachers to enlighten us handicapped as they are by a multiplici-t- y our public-schoof cares i are carrying on a. earn paign on the merits and defects in the methods On each the mark of some ancestral stain, - Not souls to bring about a single standard in pursued in the city schools ; upon our artseverely white, morals. The But groping for more light, question might, though it ists f jt a technical explanation of the art of should not illustration ; upon our professor of Botany Are what Eternal Justice'here demand's. be, raised, as to the comparative Fear not;. He made thee dust, importance of the two aims ; but it must, for a lesson in science, with an account of women-have- z: :achtercd: nfc'erikld "work j or Jus t. Cling to th at s weet much of value to society in the narrow omef for a prose-poeAll's well with thee if thou art in just hands.describing the"fields Anne Reeves Aldrich Spliere of activities, and in spite of a long of heaven in . which she labors while .we . j cer-tainl- I v : ; -- . ; ; ; , ! ; ' " ; : . . ! ; ! fellow-dinner- , 's . . r - What . . - , say;' . - . . e , ; - 1 ; . ol . ' . - x , be-admitt- edthat - - , upfen-our--gifteTHfrp.- n-.- 