W 0 M A N 'S 44 ' V4 'ONHXT- WOM JLAl : That ft.th w. ..true: but. when , aiHl-skiir- ; . V .,, . therl i- .. . t- Zl-iMiiU-tvji-l- b7; V;.: -"JV .!Jv-n- rt; . ho: sues hovy .utterly mutters edge : PO N E NT . I ' : nughty - KX -- tevrc ...comes, Tln.e adversity." - Hie .. 73:,:lrtuuity -'-; . - ... . v-.- - .to prove T liiCiUvonest men tencn me f,bU i- : thoughts.' and Ufis of itself .i should . r .1 tt: : :r 3 ixe wealth of the hills :.c zcx-rrmost doubting unbeliever taax ni . irA :l:c Hip , grows retxiy of supreme. : Then why. not apfai Published in Silt City; Utah. 'will, those who keep Terms: one copy one ye.tr, $i'.oo on: copy she months, through it all, nr.t- waiting until aU tctr deliv50 cts. No reduction ii;.td for ctuWs. City piprs 'zA tru-- t i:i Gol inviolate will means fail, but acknowledge Him in tli: ticir ered by mail, extra for post e un' ye ir, 25 cts. because of those universe over all, and follow the whliprr- c Advertising rites: F,.ch s if, ten lines of. nonp'.reil that ."always" command spirit even tiKttiii-vr7-sp ice onejime, i per luuutti,. jU.oov A liberal disone count to regul.ir advertisers. in every age of the ' obscures all else, ami one can but tikt A 223 Constitution Kooms olfice, ..Exponent 27 step at a time, not knowing Itniy, r..y Main Street, opposite Z.C. M, I. IhHncssliOjrs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. trusting in the infinite.I ii li .irrr saw as in days of old that Address all business communications to wer a it ir. is The whole country . r l:- -c rc'jney is the root of all eviL" who one and f'UBU.SIIKk WOMAN'S KXPONKNT, tumult of uncertainty, .IVr- -. nziyn vz 2 jieople admit that the l n G in might easily lt I.akk City, Utah; J not trust impDrtance is the imminent: rie of terror is that aiiU it is put first before Entered at the i'.il''f.fe.iSalt Lake Ctty.j.'t.ik. as .. xvho can. command the aerce w:n :d.iatOI1 danger is lurking matter move Lear also , can waves f stormy dfast faith and sincere r ' of. designing men to vo.ten and C: ibt humbie and tlje meek are ,zl: -ani Salt I.akk City Siu'temuku 15, 1S96. avarice malice, hatred, the shipof state'Mrom wicsed ambition Tor power,, and purges. bv the.storms- tnat That the Lord intended :h:c.i:e" rle from warring human The Relief Societv of the Sah Lake for the oppres-e- d .iind plosions of man in our own Stake will hold their Ouarttrly Conference land of liberty, cci-lr- .tint' ire bometimes more to be tions, seems now to benn on Saturday, September i cj, in the Assemtl-That Columbus was inspired to seek it out. cridri 3 zhz invasion of foreign power. bly Hall in this city, meetings commencing as usual at mo a. "m7 and-atIt is not knowing what the future would unfold, lz lz:Jt .rlfls f the present time women 2.. p. m. fatherani the so. That is Pilgrim as-equally desired there should dir. ill -- vtr the land are inanilestin(r large an their leave did as possible Irourthe members of the mothers (although they ever before, and giving of because old dear griur p.rreligious England the' m-.zsociety throughout t city and county :LitZ:tzi thought to public questions and that each Vrcsi.lnt be. "present or ' sedition) were iea miner ur.uc u.e i- -i -e opportunities have come to send an authorized representative. The ance ana protection 01 uie Aimigc. , fc,- c- then z::zzh the. s::rit of the' times, and ' tauiisil ireeaom 01 conscience, ::. u::e are invited. pul)lic cordially the lizzz'zzz tforts of some of the attempts to deny; and that the Constitution c: cr Izy, energetic workers and of this Republic was an inspired, instrunitnt n public sentiment, such as is coming to be, and will I.e eventiilly. TIIK POLITICAL OCTLOOk i izz'JLi ikabtth Cady Stanton and And v.e gj universally acknowledged. with many others I;. In the midst of the excitement over the even farther than this, and assert that the zz. ihtrlr lead: this element in politics Saints were led to these birret: political situation "designated critical now Latter-dali c to ;e reiraiive one, help corit seems vales to open up a new and mre exten prevailing in" the United'-Statesrect zz,i zz ji.ij there may be and un- positively. necessary that those who believe country where more and more of the op a few extremists, but in an power should exercise pressed and down trodden from a; f .only been se nf tin. their utmost faith in appealing' to the Lord nations might nave reduce and rc: : . u eonnuence among Wo- homes and advantages such - as ill this great nation; or.n-c: tztzf that understanding of these "by the people and of countries did not afford; and this is none that are now being agitated. the people," of which Americans liave the less true because of this people having villi boasted so in ucli and have been so justly been driven into the wilderness. bcyonU the There certainly great need of conservazzzz cchiun run riot as' they do proud,- may be 'preserved intact; that no pale of civilization, forced to lier, as were tism conflict between capital and labor shall their Puritan forefathers, because of their up spontaneously, like reach that stage of bitterness and :zz belief. y the least thought or objectionable religious that it cannot be amicably adjusted, and the ' sprrad abroad too like The that has .attended pnxsperity nation saved froin' ruinwhich according to has been "a marvel and a wonder" some eminent statesmen now seems impendwhi'e have been pursuing such uccii poTe. if Utah who have just been ing, unless great and radical monetary tion asthey zz tend to thrift morality and !atida.ble given ragt, have a hard question changes are made in the near future. bei":re docks' and their and herds h'are tzzzto solve, and they should above The efficacy of .prayer cannot be over- enterprise, all elie fields farm and their and have increased, stniy carefully "and. 'prayerfully rated; thousands of instances might be cited yielded bountiful harvests. over ::ex nmittrs that are &o new to them, Blessings have to prove this aserlion. Throughout the been showered c: them of as rrave importance. .Better do it late, were, anj: upon all other or" earthly until instead of world, whenbeing a reproach as in for- tco l::tlr hin "too much, Jbut be sure to means fail, prayer is the nly refuge'. mer days, they have come to be highly esjr:perly, and be ready to vote Saints" fasting and Aniong the latter-da1: p "hle, fi hen election time comes. teemed, and in many Tespects considered an prayer has accomplished 'what to all humati zz.z example to neighboring states. Whit dees jzzzzi of Utah are going to do appearance seemed utterly impossible; lesti all this portend? the Surelv not that thev is bein much talked of at 'mony up3ii testimony might be adduced in should forsake the quiet industrious habits zzzi t!eivhere, "but it is not a good our own day to substantiate this fact,' but lo" and ways ol theounders of this state, and .thin- - t he x& fearful. The the people of the world who believe in the il. pioneer women . . -ine iniermouniain country- aaj-e- nt; hi- itthat qught to serve a Holy Scriptures, Bible proof is more conmyjessons give...themselves-ove- r "o7" if would recall vincing still; and - Z they v. and methods of those who sr,--: rnt f?th.-.-- ' 7z r .hearkened and hvanf when besought in riieoer u. Kim-- bmthf-r'rrlaws God. of nor hunian Da tn.it me time vfuld come when a barrel mighty faith- through prayer both by the Hitherto the of the Savior, "Love of hziz teaching be worth a barrel of gold, ancients, and what we term 'Former-daas has thy ...r , neighbor thyself," :nne to pass, and in view pf Jhat it largely pre,.y.,i .7 Saints,; " and His vailed, Watch and injunction, Men may scoii" and ridicule this method &zz mere are" other considerations lest enter tern into in';" pray Let ye ptat: of settling difficulties, and cclm, inan the monev warding olT tan us hope the future will prove further still :::n: d i.-jjait state of affairs gers, ami. insist that wisdom of the in thisaiew state the h and onestv integrity d not something better than , iv suiiiueui; out in all avs of the of the people "who are now being brought a he blessing of the ' woriu, 000 has revealed H unseil at r tpr. . . . r Gospel lent t,mso visibly that thv n,U5t confirmPriestbood- are always fi ; , "bf agnosfccouW no, disprove the fact. Uunbi L VClZ Z. 5? c ondary in importance; ? " ae mlg"t "M!.e:nlter,si,i(iu of lbe " I P av,or, "Silver andgold "? a i siiTi .idt.snca- as I have I give unto "ASSIH U'fiULS LASNOS .. i. ,C ... ; F" ;- r-:- ll ; semi-monthl- y, li-rtril- y- -- - i; .;Tv2-ine:ice- r: of-Divin- re-j.i:rt;- -- Build-tn- ,' - '! b: a.-reig- -- cond-cta- si . c up-;atn- uimu ii'eevs ele-zci- ;; vvo-.nic- n - - IVj-a- attcn-danc- e i :- - -- L-- Si- . : y fol-Vs-zi- ay, -- ld , over-rulin- A-ibo- -- ; g 11 i;i4t:half-trf-thtr:.reLip!- e zz-zz- the-governme- -.u& - ill-feeli- -t- hi-people iz-en t-rzi-l' " - -- rttcr y , -- ! ! . . - ad L:e . t - J - y .: 1 ",r. - & " . - ti, . b34'3:1, i " . W . ' 