' urnu; city of i hldlad. A KKVKKIi;. in the .darkvning twilight j ..'wwATttvofMiw Dead: ana sucnj--&w'aw-isf a rear,are fnreau w,h autumn leaves ' "V vsr,''- - j. O ' Sleep ' ' . .. uk clouds are overhead; 1 1 - . 1 -- - lllthaLsatiden the fairest life; Vi . . Thifis tlie.end of - s!ri. dream and wonder Where are the thousands now Who sleep this sleep of silence. On the lonely hillside's brow? Where are the broken-hearte- d So pensive ' 1 .' ,, ; ' x lilWW ' In-behal- ; f . . - ' w ", yet,- - and-sim- hrifty,--industrious," ; v desert-blosso- And here the aged come to rest, m -- ; ' a life of righteousness With prayer have sought their Jod, And now at eve they go to rest, Heneath the grass grown sod. Ib re in his prime the strong man lies, Here too the young wife's laid, The cry of children bit goes up, . From a mound that's newly made o'er.. Sr.-orphans roam the wide world "They cry for the loved in vain, T!;e throbbing hearts are silent now, They cannot beat again. All ties are severed that ever bound; Death levels every one: iOii4ries-ivain to bind them up." Fhe work of man's un.done. The youth lives on, the bride is dead, The bride lives on the youth is gone; -- Hie- mother spent her life in vain, Here lies the little one. - - A I : . 1 1 -- -- 1 - . , Dec-embe- r " Jnhsn, deB. -- ' And now to friendship drop a tear, For friends dwell here at last; ; And like a day's forgetful n ess, ' Seems the story of the past. , s - from-Paradis- l Statehood of Utah issued January 4th, was the occasion of. a triumphal holiday all over Utah and "of a great demonstration in Salt Lake City. The new Governor, Heber M. AU paths meet here,tho' wide they roam, Wells, did not forget to extend the hand of Here is the place of rest, greeting t6 the women who are now voters. well the sleep of death, And all p There are no women in the United Like babe on mother's breast. States better fitted to exercise the right of Thank God far the Gospel's joyful sound, the. women of U tab; I riey a suffrage than Thank Him for a prophet's voice; are accustomed to manage great enterprises lost are found, That tells of a world where-thm witness their Relief Associations, they " Where dwell the loved cf his choice. ple and are goldetrsplres are glittering high, sincere, in tastes and habits.-- ' When voters , before they contributed, to good local govIts music is wafting low; ernment. Since that time they have joined "Come to Me, come to me, ye weary of earth hands with the women of. the Suffrage AsTor I have loved you so." "I have made you a home of Jasper stones- ,sociation, with the World's Fair work, and in that union of all ties the National Couu- And hung its walls with gold" ' Then the love of the great Eternal One, , cil, and in each capacity they have demonenfcld. strated their earnestness and ability. Will your tremblmg-form- Then too, there is something of poetical "A gorgeous" home I have made for you, in thk p lit tenner wojJdjmJugbr while as yet there are some to injov Your loved ones are waiting to welcome you it who helped to lay the foundations of their Come, come, they are drawing nigh. of prosperous commonwealth. Tnall that has Here the sun does not darken at close day, like the (rnnp to makimr the Here the breezes are coy and sweet" rose, the women of Utah have borne their And the love of the Father is over, all full share of Svorkers and that large share meet. ones loved the For here of endurance and of sacrifice which in one out no more! been the lot of another has always shane Then heart be thou still, cry - or lzt . . .. i : s it shminfT there. 01 u, mere jac wiuc sun TntnL: nnJ woman. JtuLjovrdi left to exerdse their, tardily acquired right, In gladness they tread the golden streets, a who pushed their handcarts with their And offer for thee prayer. babies and their bundles in them those Now hark! Through the gathering gloom American Hear the angel voices tell, weary miles across the Great cross take up, Deseret. The early Mormon women were Daughter arise, thy " largely of New England birth, and With thy loved ones all is well." very the Lydia D. Aloer. they have gloried in having emulated exile and privations of the Pilgrims for thV Oct 5t!l l895same cause, namely freedom to worship according to their conscience. Now that the u. w. p. c. extraneous' doctrine of polygamy is swept Utah Woman s away, the world will judge more, fairly of Bv special invitation the at the Mormon citizens of Utah, upon the remee ting their held Press Club sult of whose pioneer toils and courage nf Mrs. I. Cameron Brown. t others arenowi)Utlaiugx Wells presided Pres Womans Tribune. -t- Here too the babe whose days were few, .Who came, then sighed and went, A beauteous flower To a sad, cold world was sent. TuTuJjmnginde. bright, wondering eyes, . Where the light of angels shone; Then sighing closed them gently down To gain a better .' home. They've-live- The President's Proclamation of the e Our friends and kindred near. Here manly youth and maiden fair, Are wrapped in death's embrace, But the hearts that "loved, for them cry, Time cannot grief efface. reachJorowrL THETHIRD STAR. -- ead; Here lay their bodies down; For them no more is living sweet, . sl-e- .. i-- Its n , c . -T- TKeir hands - vote carried unanimously. . of the club au expression of thanks was given by the President to Mrs. Brqtvn, who has upon different... occasions entertained the club so generously. Followine the literary exercises dainty refreshments were served in the most artistic mariner, "intermingled, with a flow of reason and a feast of wit," for the musical hum of voices kept time wjth the rattle of china and the pleasant reunion closed with many a cordial grasp of hands that never met before, and all felt that heart came close to heart and soul communed with soul. E. R. Siiipp, Sec. i , K . ' Here bitter tears are shed for them, We loved s long and dear; our-infnt-U- Z:f; Kfrc ; "Here in their turn they're resting The young ,the blithe, th? gay, And await the great redempt:on Of. a Resurrection Day. Herein God's great acre, Come the weary and distressed, And in their turn are laid so low, " ' Where none can mar their rest. where-lai- d Jr A light thro' the: long dark night is given, It anon flashes over the way, ' 0, pilgrim so weary of life's sad load; Press in 'tis Eternal Day :There is rest for the weary ones at last Wrhere never a tear is shed; There's rest when the journey of life is ' past ; Among the silent dead. - Who wept on the lonely sod ,.: When they hid away the loved ones When theyiowred beneath the :'Kod?" he-breast 7f - ' : - oatCrfW1H'" They've, crossed the river, the race they've fcron O, call them not again, . , .To a world of parting such as this Of sorrow and of pain. For up and down the'u ide world o'er . , Ye hear the sad refrain, Where is the world so fair and bright Where loved ones 'never part again? .. .. ----- now is peace and rjuiet: I By special . request 'Till Chtistthe Lord shall call you up ' To meet His Heavenly gaze. j i O, hparts that grieve, 0, hearts. that. mourn, The loss of loved ones dead, Yef know "What life is to" the living' ' So ' Death is to the dea l." , alone as wander Tho' my loved sleep all around; I .With trembling heart view each spot, Por this is holy ground.. crosses ' think of the tria!s-an- d I ;Cs lM..oL onleejvon Ye folk of other days. - T' sacred spot's deserted Thi City of the Deixd. our amiable hostess Mrs. Brown, favored the club with a. umUer W entertaining f O, aching heart. G.,.tfie throbbing brow, With weight oTgrief oppressed, ; Come, view the spot where deep below The weary heart can .rest. . i - 107 to tUp-mppM- and for tzl -- The no Mrs M. A. answered to roll invocation--- members by original sentiments Li-s-- -; In Colorado, last year, only one woman held tile office of county superintendent of her sweet woon schools. Now there are twenty-threpaper interesting an manner, Yet some of our followed by a men superintendents. was which Margaret Fuller, Russell. "remonstrants claim that women are less : . Pearl Miss school offices where by then gave m her likely to be chosen to Iioyden Louise C. Mfs women vote. rectatwn. inimitable style a humorous -- Vta ll iri .m-pre- -- se ri7zie-VllroTelid- e . . 1 , 