. ... WOMAN'S KXrONENT.' : .On the th we st.ii Led MAR V To r home travell- has ever been faithful in the duduuge ui Ui iluties; possessed of a kind, and generous heart won many true friends.; Sfie was never tired of bearing testirrony to the divinity of; Joseph Smith and the truth ol. the' gospel. Bishop J C, Watson .spent many hours, with her tf.ujlojj .her. " arH!"rheV illness 67ijse i truth .ne v er' left an eA aivl impression on waveredjbut on those who ministered to her wants to the end She was the mother of thirteen children had fifty four and twenty. one Beloved of those who knew her she now rest ;. in peace awaiting the resurrection of ihejtist.- TEASDALE. L. i ing up' the- River, camped' at the Beaver Dam on the 29th and arrived' home in the evening, having traveled two hundred and We have all been painfull' at, the Toss P. of our beloved sister Mary Loretta 'Peasdale, the first counselor to President' Dora W. Pratt, of ' imthe presidency of th.e'.1Voung Ladies 'thirty-milprovement Associations of the Juarez "Stake of Zion, and' president of the Stake, presidency ?of v. the Primary Associations who has been so faithful and devoted in he t. much appreciated Tabors.. IN MEMORIAM, Sister Teasdale has been ailing lor sometime but ' would not give'np, but during.'the last five weeks SiSTtR Do RIM) A M. Slade died Nov. 21st, she had been confined to her room; faithfully " 1 S95, at the residence of her daughter ElizaA. waited on by her family and Sister Phoebe I. Lloyd, after a" lingering illness of eight months.' Aljred, her nurse.: All that affection could sugShe fell on the ice and broke her arm on the 26th gest in help given and faithful administration and.. of March last, and has been confined to her bed fervent prayers were offered in hopes herlue and ever since; although her arm was perfectly healed usefulness might be- continued on earth.,but it before her death. has pleased on Father in heaven to take her She was born Jan. 15th, 1S0S, joined the church from this probationary estate to labor in a brighter in thefallof 1S50, came to Utah in 1S56, moved "'and higher sphere. ,. J..."' to Dixie in 1S57, and settled in Pine Valley. Tn Sister Mr L. P. Teasdale1, was born May 2t?i, 1S5S. She was elected president of Pine- Valley 1863, at Nephi, Juab, county,- Utah. She was the Relief Society, April 1st. 1873, which position she daughter of James and Jane Picton. She has held until Sept. 16th, 1S91, a period of over devoted to the cause of the Redeemer. ays-been, acon time one this at and four resigned years twenty Nearly years of her life was spent in the count of failing health. office 'and many of the missionaries Liverpool She was the mother of eight children only three will remember her kindly services. She had been of whom are now living, but she lived to see the a devoted laborer in the Mexican mission in the fifth generation of her posterity. Relief Society, Young Ladies Improvement and Dear Sister Slade has now Jelt us, she has gone Primary. Assodations,advocating the principles of to Heaven above, it is God who has bereft us of the everlasting. Gospel and bearing a faithful her whom we dearly love. In the. Relief Society testimony to the "divine" mission of the Prophet she has been true and has worked as hone but Joseph Smith - and - the establishment- - of-tshecoulddo. We shall mtss her, yes miss her Church of Jesus Christ upon the earth in these one and all; but on our Fatherjn Heaven we last days. She was an intelligent woman well inmust call: It is hard to part with loved ones, formed in the doctrines of Christ and the Bible but God knows what is best, and we must put and Book of Mormon Scriptures, and the life of our trust in Him then He will do the rest. Her the Prophet Joseph Smith. Her lectures were alloved name will never perish, her good deeds ways interesting and instructive. we'll ever cherish. She has gone from before Her funeral obsequies were held on Sunday, our face, a moment's time.a little space. Dec. 15th, in th'e Jaurez ward school house.- The officers and members of V. L M. I. andTrimary Y RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Associations met at her residence and the children sang the Primary hymn, ''Great Shepherd of the Resolutions of respect adopted by the officers and members of the Pine Valley Relief Society Sheep." Then a procession was formed to the school house. Bishop George W. Sevey presided. to the memory of Dorinda M. Slade. The house was filled to overflowing, the Relief VVhereas our Heavenly Father has removed Society, Young Ladies' Improvement and Primary from this sphere of action, our beloved Associations being fully represented with all the Dorinda M. Slade. The-choir Resolved that we do recognize in the death of officers and members. sang the "Mourn not dead the who hymrif peaceful lay Sister Slade the loss of an energetic, faithful and reliable friend. A comforter in the hour of their wearied bodies down." Patriarch William trouble, a devoted 'wife and mother and a true R, R. Stowell offered prayer. Choir sang: "It is well;" Counselor Miles P. Romney' and Elder Latter-da- y Saint, that we esteem her faithful hdward Stevenson preached the funeral discourse. Zion as labors and devotion to the cause of Their remarks were full of consolation and enworthy the emulation of every member of our couragement, as they testified to the faithful society. labors of the departed, the value of a well spent Resolved that we do sincerely sympathize with life and the certain, recompense of reward in a the bereaved family and friend. Resolved that these resolutions be placed upon glorious resurrection. TJie choir sang: "Nearer the records of the. Pine Valley ReTiexSodeiy-anc- L rnlygJJoJJie. nt -- a by Elder MiJes P. Romney. Then the con ere ?a tcnliieWd m a n sEx zon en t. copy-beetion took a last look at the calm, pale face of the Ann R. Snow, President. and a. long procession followed to the deceased, C. Gardner, graveyard, where: the body was consigned .to the (Lenora Burgess, tomb, Bishop George W. Sevey offering the E. Gardner. dedicatory prayer. , A great deal of affectionate sympathy and conRESOLUTIONS OF. RESPECT. dolence, have been manifested to the family by the In loving remembrance of Dena Louisa, Saints, for her loss is a public one, she was beloved by all. daughter of Lars L, and Rendena Olsen, who delife this UN Ermano. SaturdayJiovembpr parted of her parents in Santaquin; aged fourteen years, eight months and eighteen days. Summoned by the angel death away from the OBITUARY. loving arms 01 her affectionate parents, brothers and sisters. She was beloved by all who knew her Died Nov. 10th, 1895 in the Sixth Ward,. Salt and in the Primary Association,' she was always Lake City, Utah, at her residence, Elizabeth Lee ready to respond to every call. Britton, at the age, of seventy-fivyears, eleven months and nine days. Dear one we shall think of thee, Deceased was born in Southam, Warwickshire, For many years to come; .England, on the 19th, of December 1819. She Thy smiling lace we ne'er shall see, was married to Elder Britton, 21st of April 1837. For God has" called thee home. Was baptized and confirmed into the ChurchloL Why do we mourn? She is not lost, ' JesuiChrtst tmT277l84-'- . crossed,-seyond tne river she-ha- s With her husband and children left her, native And on that bright, celestial shore. fend 9th of June 1851; after, enduring many hardOur loved one waits the coming o'er.' ships during the voyage arrived at New Orleans: We as officers and members of the Primary June 15th, 1851, arrived at Council Bluffs remainAssociation unanimously adopt the following ing there nine months, during which time she suffered .fronifevratKlagueunetlj, 2 she witTT resolutions. Werincefelv condole with tfTenarents. hrnt hprc her' husband and children, came tovSalt l ake and sisters in their heavy bereavement and we City making their home in the Sixth Ward where she xesided up to the time of her demise She tender them our heartfelt sympathyv Resolved that we adopt" these , resolutions as a was Y5et apart to act-aseconciXounselor to token of respect, that we present a copy to her President Pulmer-i- n the Relief SocietvMirTh" 1st, 1883, after, the death of President Fulmer parents, and publish the same in the Woman's first Counselor Isabella Wrest being chosen as Exponent, and place a copy on onr records. . President, Sister Britton was Counselor to her inJheRelfefpeietyrto-.whif Elizabeth Wall, ; Committee Laura Levander, -U pan uci.-5tn1&92, .3UCU,filled ,51 I Mary Eckersjley. " ' ; ' at the time of her death. She position thJsxtiVpt her-chllif- grand-childre- great-grand-childre- - KESOLUTI ONS - RESI'ECT. ' life Nov. 15th, 1S95, we her cojaborers in meeting assembled deem it fitting that, we record our ap; preciation f her laborsr: - Whereas our HeavenlyEathei has remove! from this sphere of action pur beloved, counselor and'friend, Sister Britton. Resolved that we do recognize in her death the loss of a kind faithful counselor and friend; a comforter in time of trouble, also a true Latter-da- y Saint, a devoted wife and mother. Wees-teeher faithful labots and devotion to the gos-oas worthy of emulation to every member of - ' ' ' , qur society. Resolved that we sincerely sympathize with the bereaved children and' friend--- , in the loss of a loving and devoted mother and sincere friend ami a true hatter-da- y Saint. ... t Resolved that these resolutions be placed lipou the records of the Sixth Ward Relief .Society and a copy sent to the Woman's Expo.NKi'T. also om ' to her friends. ELIZAIiETH W. CONDli; - . OF- To Elizabeth Lee Britton who departed this . - n, n. 'alw- . , . - m el - he : . ." - . THE HEART HAS, AN EYE. 'Don't talkso silly" the wise man said And the words, made the darling cry Then out from his heat there came a look Which quick her tears did dry. ' - , HenpdieUoiv-was-proftotnict- Then their lips met together and musicniade Like a singing bird flying by For love she saw behind the words Saw him plain with her' own hearts eye. For the heart has an eye of such wondrou; ' power I' That it sees far beyond the' light And what tothe.eyes of the head. seem dark, To the eye of the hearf is'bright.' - ' v. . - 7 rd Irene Ackerman.. 'I- - - . , , ithr-i&5i-at-tffeTesi- dence ' e , . 1 a Woman ' the New Orleans Jjieayunc thus"-justland succinctly comments upon trie latest case of Under the heading "Only ' : lynching: The burnitij- to death of a defenceless woman who vas ab otit to become a mother, by an armed mob' of fifty man, near Lebanon Ky., was one of the most brutal and cowardly crimes that ever blackened the fair fame of a civiliz d community. The woman's sin was unfaithfulness to her husband., If a mob of women should go about the country burning all the men who are unfaithful to their wives what an illumina tion there would ha-- The verv heavens ' would be'Jighted up. - -- ' 26,28,30 and32 East 1st SoutliSt., SALT LAKE CITY. s - r-.- c . 1 " x'. 13 ' "'.' The LeadifiM Retail , rh0 " . "7 