WOMAN'S '.-.- DAWN. . realized it nut, ami lastr' jsiie Stuart SIlint'. Time after time, a mystery divine,. The nameless wonderof thedawn, we see, 'Stealing o'er heaven .and earth so silently, With touch and so infinite fine. No subtlest sense could see and mark the line When the first gleam of breaking day, set free even from the night itself, shall come to be More than a paler dark, where faintly shine The stars of heaven. Hut dearer and more clear, Slowly a thousand tilings come forth to sight, And forms and tints half hidden, far and near, Melt from gray shadow into amber light, g Till from its strean:s are born of the pes feet mom. The C;rlurv. old-fashione- . ; solemn occasion. " Most jeople are convinced that .no - earthly skill, not even the faith and prayers of the priesthood uid loved ones which never ceased coir I keep her on this earthly was remarked by one dear sphere, .ior sister t. 'she was doubtlessly needed to work ip .hat great 1'rimary over the river of Time." The husband and children" have nothing" to regret in regard to their course during her life; so noble, considerate and true were they all in every respect. What-, a solace this must be and how intensified will lx the "happiness of the meeting of this exemplary fatuity when they unite to part no more! Until then, one fond farewell Sister Kliza. -- , uh r To his dead heart alone I will surrender; He whom death conquered, now has conquered me. held my fort like a brave defender--- '. Now it stands open for the world to see. ancient story, Besieged by one so noble fn his fame That when he died the people thought it glory-Tyield him what no living knight could claim. . o . Iv. stockingrhe-AVonkfhavc"dclightc- d - Crank Watson. MKSSAGK FROM "DEBORAH. . So. as he lay, in dented armor sleeping A hero, after wearing strife at eas'e '. o his keeping, They gathered near, and ,gave-unttheir castle keys. Safe in his mailed hand, to you my lover So do I yield y Who died before my hard heart's frowning wall, its harshness did but cover And never-kneOnly a longing to surrender all. Here are the keys, the last reserve is broken What does it matter now, since all is past? Let all men hear, and know. that by this token I loved you only, loved you first and last. to-da- Scribiicrs Magazine, -- ITKMS FROM PAROWAN. Editor Exponent: and today' we had a royal Our Relief feasi in the way of meetings Society Conference convened yesterday, and reports of a commendable nature were heard from all the wards but one, and many praisworttiy subjects yere treated upon by the brothers "and sisters, besides the testimonies that were borne tothedivin ity of the restored Gospel. Today all attendants at Primary meeting were more than repaid for their trouble, the children far excelled our best anticipa: , tious; every part was appropriate and well -- in wittingly-taugh- t rendered, ancl4hose little-on-es older ones many good lessons.. o touching: occurrence lias A'very week our townspeople with a sadness almost more than could be endured were we riot willing to acknowledge a Providential care in alKthjngs; it is the demise of one of our Primary counselors Sister Kliza Gurr. Micklesen, a lovely woof eight man just 36 years. 0$, children seven of whom survive her, and the wife of Toseoh Mickleson. NA more de- voted couple to each other and their child ren is very rarely found. From the time her beautiful baby Was bbraher-TOnt- io Yesterday' . -- - over-shad- that-would-.- be the-moth- - w'as eKtrenre er . Mrs. Zf.reldv. G. Wallace, whose 79th birthday, August 6, was celebi?.ed in Indiana oil 'franchise day", is known in :V. C. T. U. ranks as "Deborah", because of the wisdom of her counsel during the many years she devoted, herself to woman suffrage and Temperance work. The following message, was written by .Mrs. Wallace for the "franchise number" of the Indian--- 4 - polis Organs it-- - : Cataract, June is, . titu-tion- s, Instant in "amendment campaign.' sea- no means too humble. She enlightened the woman who served in her kitchen, and through-h- er reached the brothers and cousins who could vote. She gave suffrage tracts to her butcher and to her grocer.' She was not offensive in her proselyting," nor did she offer tracts with an :apology, She took it for granted that men were interested in cu rre 1 ) ubl icqtiest ionS, and wouhtiTelad to read. She marked her Woman's journals and mailed them to friends, with directions to read and to send on and on. As a public speaker she was much in demand, and she responded willingly, yet was ever ready to give away to others. Jater on when tli grandchildren had flitted their several ways, she gave up her house e " lecture afield. - She and attended conventions both Woman Suffrage and'W. C. T. U., addressed legislatures and traveled from state to state, sparing not herself, until one day the silver cord was suddenly strained, and she was compelled to retire nvm active service. No doubt she still finds ways to work for Woman Suffrage, for she often used to deis a part clare with solemn emphasis, " v rf son, no effort too arduous, 11 -. -- ballot:" - 1S96. To my Sisters of the W. C. T. U., who are working for temperance and the freedom of women: Learning from our dear Miss Reed that you will observe the 6th of August for the furtherance of these two great movements, Tfeel inovedby the "Spirit," as our dear friends the Quakers would say, to send a Alword of greeting and encouragement. though a disabled soldier, my hopes are as bright and my interest as great as it ever was, n the ultimate triumph of these .great reforms. We all should rejoice at the advance and the present outlook for woman's base of progress. Her freedom liesat-th- e d d v Ii t e w t elonm h en an all true ra cial cro it be true, as Mr. Gladstone and many other wise men. have said, that America is to become the World's educator in free ii. it is time that the ballot "should be put in the hands of all its citizers, without regard to sex limitations. Let it be the de termined effort and persistent purpose of all women to work to this end. Yours for the uplifting of Humanity, Z. G. Wallace. The familiar ring of the words recalls the days between 18S0 and 'S4, when it was my privilege to be associated .id' suffrage work with "Mother" Wallace, as the yotmger women are wont to call her reverently.. Richly has she earned the endear- ing title, for she has literal 1' "mothered" three sets of children. And, furthermore, to quote her own plea most frequently made, has thereby "earned her right: to the. d members thereof made their way thither with perplexing questions, and came away with their burdens lightened. One of the most impressive pictures in my memory is of the times, when business disposed of, this" noble woman, "strong, steady and serene", philosophized concerning, the bearing of woman., suffrage upon national and human progress. Matronly in figure, sitting there in her rocking-chair- , ' industriously knitting on a half grown theeye- -' of an artist "seeking a model typical' of feminine personality and occupation; yet. her strong features and massive head, with its crown of beautiful curling gray hair, which she wore simply parted in front and cut short at the neck, always reminded me of the portraits of the ablest early American statesmen. Intensely devoted, to her country, loving humanity as a mother loveth, unswerving in her belief in an overruling, leneficent Providence, she gathered lessons from the history of civilization and religion, and then looked into the far future and saw America free and righteous, exalted among the nations. What an inspiration she was! Deborah,, the wise, the prophetess! Her euthusism and diligence were a standing example and reproof to us who grew tired and discouraged during an casket being covered with wreaths and bouquets by her, just as it, took place on that THE CONQUFRORr in wr."k'tyHftj :it.utyiiy4? . ever-swellin- There was a castle once, dvvti i so-gentl- I l.ttllP wJwUjurnupE tudj!c4 - wi t tarrittlhJief flliofd honfQsttad, looking 'Wrt'o,te.i.vays' loved ones, dyiiij$U--and to the upcoming of Three weeks Ik' fore hor death her ses'en four .grandchildren' left to her care at the teen year old daughter was shown in a "death of a leloved daughter. To avoid dream, seven nights in succession, the birth Taking her away from home so frequently. of her baby brother, the family surroundthe 'executive committee of the. State Suf-!- ' ' ing the death led in prayer and supplication frage Association met in her for the mother's life, and even the white parlors, and occasionally the individual , 'issh' Chan All , KXl'UxNKNT went-into"th- . -- v. Mrs. Wari llumy old on . Beeciier was August 26. years "At 'the National Council of Education at Buffalo, N. Y., one of the most interesting repapers was on schoolroom hygiene. The teachport was based on papers received from ers all over the country who have made a of special study of the hygienic conditions . their own schoolrooms.1' eighty-fou- r - 