... WQ M A N S in'- K XV ( ) N K,N T. I r 1 n 111 I r0(ni girl were women, but thc:.. blev are no, girls longer :girls, they are six in order to avoid repetition of work. Aftei "and two feet broad dressed "fret'lifgii it is furnished, lists can be obtained those by coatsr j j;rra g hter . ) To- day who desire sa)1Hf1tlI fake part in "the womr-naveArming asner no place, they. are.,, lcc lKl the. faithful all meii I When the office of a u -eastern laundry not very long ago I saw a All communications on tlie vnl i n picture hanging oh the wall and I counted be directed to the 'numberjtf' persons on the""' picture and Temple, Salt there Were SeVPTl Wnnif'tl fltli' t WTi liniul rnil Mi a- -J i of a co n veil SS.QijAr j h has tion of who young woman, the L.auudrymen's Assoeiation.- So front come to NOTES AXD NHWS in Iceland. At a convention called bv the yen see when men take to washing for a ' of the so' speaker are at the ancient seat living they Althing; proud of it that they have Tin; Stake Secretaries of the Relief ot Laws, o discuss have ,10 issues their of rjdetures taken;you never heard importance,' Society in all the organized Stakes, and in Miss Olafia was elected to represent the of a washerwoman having her picture taken. Kty.in this and, other Woman's Political Society, whicli was or- - ' Then where countries again, Dressmaking used to be a there is n"o Stake organized 111 1894. She mounted ganized her sturdy very good employment for women"' when I should send in a statistical -- find financial and ..set her. face toward the qld capipony ivas young, but in every city in the yearly report for 1 So;. At tin-tal, forty tniles distant, over a", rough and world, the leading Dressmakers are all men nessraeeUiiK of theBoard of Directors of j road bv her and a voniair,-Avitrying Though delegated not be able to decide woman s Keuel Society, a society lut not entitled to a seat, but what she shall do until a inau over in Paris quorum being present, it was decided- that the men recognized that she had a constitusettles it for her! If he says, all skirts the annual report of the Society' should be and she was made a voting member s :ould be made with ency, made in February, therefore instead of'dat-ingodetsand bias, why of the convention. She is president-othe ft is and men dressmakers are exfrom the first day ofJanuary to the last Iceland godets W. C, T. U., and carries on an incellent. I never had any experience with day of December inclusive, reports will be surance - business. " It was in her "neat, a man dressmaker until this last spring and' hereafter from February to of well furnished office" that Miss Tessh- - .then I had two February gowns made by a man each year. This year reports must 'date Ackerman found her, and. learned of her dressmaker and I will say it is divine, it is from the first day of January 1895, or otherwork. In. order to 'study the methods of lovely because he will let you have pockets. wise a correct record could not be the shcools in kept. Denmark, she journeyed The go wn I have on was made by a man Secretaries should be careful and exact in tnere and remained fifteen months. "Later jdressmaker and one thing I do. need is a conforming to this official notice. All re- - I went to Nor way., the land of my ances- locket I have gone tp the dressmaker torts should be forwarded tothe, office of the tors, ' ' said Nliss "Johnsdotter, " where I bewith the utmost - fear in. my. soul,- - please Secretary, Constitution Building, Salt Lake came acquainted with a women who was may I be permitted to. have a pocket? " And City,-nolater than the 20th of February. for a Xew York Insurance agent Company. then the dressmaker would look at me in She had made a great success 'of the. busiMiss Mary.K. Citlkk, of Holliston, ness there, nd..J was asked' to take the sncli a superior manner and s;iy: "There is no for a pocket." When I said to Mass., read the paper of the day at the general agency for "Iceland; which I did. this place man dressmaker, "Please may I have Farmers' Meeting in this city recently. There was one insurance agency here, but I a pocket"? He said "Yes." I took courHer subject was "The Profits of. Garden, desired to make a departure and see what a; age and said: "May I From a successful experience of woman could do ing along business lines. At "As many as you wish." and I said: eleven years in raising, fruits and vegefirst there were many unfavorable com"If I can have three." So I have three tables for market, she drew the conclusion ments, but, as I succeeded, nothing is pockets in my gown and I have quite a time that gardening can be made both pleasant thought of it now."-Ex. hunting, things ror t put something in each and profitable. Through the sudden death pocket 01 tier latrier, Miss Cutler found herself in TTot onlv are all the dressmakers of the acres. She gave j . CO X FK R.K N'CE' XA. W. S. A. but the milliners of the country men up teaching and determined to keep her all men. I have a friend who country are home and to carry on her farm. The Continucd. has a very large miilineryestahlishment she told of her forcing house story a woman When I - was a girl we knew exactly and he has twenty trimmers-n- ot and hotbeds, her nursery stock, her market in the store, and if there is anything comicI woaiuu Lord far; vait crit her small frnits and garden, al it is to see a man weighing 350. pounds peach orchard, shows that she puts brains into her work. they were to' take care of the household, at tend to the cooking etc. that was- the cus-- t trimming a tiny bit of a bonnet and using and business fist fdr a modeh rScrenllehlen. I ability, Shejias good judgment I n fact as fams )in a ry workof Avximen. JL!l4rj.vJievesinhard-work7-meth- od aird we believed it to be would like to ask you where is our sphere? concerned was cooking wise economy. Mrs. Olive Wright, of You've got it. (Laughter. ) We are not our sphere, but 'you look out on the world Denver, who was present, told of Mrs. to day, 'who nre the cooks from one end of complaining about it, there is not a Kate Harlow, a well known r our nation to the other, there ls not a wo woman of us has found any fault,' I believe in Colorado, and a successful farmer. When man cook anywhere; the hotels, restaurants a man has as much right to le. a washerasked how she fertilized her peach orchard, and in the homes of the wealthy all are woman as a woman has. We women are' she replied, "I feed the trees with hard Let me eive vou a not complaining. Why should you men men. Whv is it? work and good common sense. feel that the momenta woman does anyreceipt by which you. can always telL Mrs. Hirst Alexander, a Whenever you pay a dollar and a"HaTSa thing that women always"it ishave done,' and remunerative A list ml inn innrnciUc;!' 'a ih'nrt nnur mnt-int-"r week for anything, that is woman s sphere, men have not done wheii "jv.-fw- ., of is out her sphere. she visit in London, says that marked good always Woman's sphere no matter wliat it employment that If there is anything in my sphere that a effects have followed the enfranchisement of is; but to day we pay to cooks from one to wants even if it is my. washtub he can wpmenin New Zealand. The Premier ofNew ten thousand dollars a year. Some of the man it. Zealand, Hon. Richard J. Seddon, and the cooks receive exactly the same salary as the have fake theis,world a ltogether nivlbel jef--pf Now President of Harvard Lniversity principal journals have, ail acknowledged, that when men and to ten tEolIsancI tfuTTiiTuTe-stlim e n -- d u r sne saystha tt h gj rifl. uence f-women are free and the boys and girls sta fid nig the election, and after, has been dollars a year for any kind of service that beneficial. The. women have turned their is mans work and the reason why men are on the border of life side by side in the , is not because it is man's srime home where God puts them awLlook attention to ameliorating the conditions of cooking - prisons, promoting: the welfare ot children work "anymore than it is woman's work, it out into the great world of progress, I hope we can say- to the time will - come when and other measures with whichx they are is because it pays, that is all; and wherever the . . . 1 1. : t 11 ". oov ennu, as as wen vrxrvcmia ine in . uu" men Women find wothere to work to tlie deal. vote, you qualified pays Giving men has in no wise disturbed the even tenor that sphere are always called cooks but yin has given you powers go out and develop of their domestic ways, and there is no could not insult a man more than to call them and wherever your heart leads follow the work of the world's redemption as symptom that it has rendered them at" all him a cook, he is a 'Professor of the Culinary on well-athe work - of oui wrvtrk-as a rt uHie-i-C and the other is a nia'u. -- 'mannish." The "New Zealand irovern hrotlu-- r and I brlieve the lest work will ment has opened a Woman's Labor Bureau ( Laughter.) When I va a girl the dining- "a - - Vellington, with A' woman as manager; Several lady doctors have' a good practice and Mrs. Alexander spol;.- with 'justifiable record br woinlir 'pnirfthgoodr. u.uie recent examination at tlfe. Melbourne'. University, where thef .stood at the head. if vral class lists,-anearned off a large of the. honor. to men ,and women alike. ,.. , , to-da- y ur'S . - ' fSS'H ;,'.,-- . t ; U&Mn'li' " -- ,nV . . - w; to-da- y ' ll "- she-.wa- - g T t ' -- havt-two?- He-said-: " . - . - to-da- y, inter-estjn- g - - .... f-- his - -- fruit-growe- . 4 well-know- n "7 . " ; wdien-votL-m-frorn- wo , oiie to-da- y. - - . 1 1 : . ,1 .1 t ' -- -- s- ' '.'" ." w.-k.i- V. '-- - ... T - - ' 