EXPONENT. twenty two-yea- Jus labored. jTinhuJj: rs jf'-.- . capacity. She' was well qualified for ""that posi-- ' lion, being a woman of kind ami gentle disposition always ready with,. the healing balm, .of charity and spiniual counsel for the afflicted. Her soul was full of pe.rce.to all mankind. She was never.. known to endorse a slander or gossip. She bad a great reverence for the i'nesthood, and her presence brought with it -- en-cour- age on the streets noted. aunt Ade.ra's approach, for all who knewlier loved her. For the last two years her health has been failing, and lor the last year she has been mostly confined to her bed. She was conscious to ihedast, and as. ill e shadows of this life bore down upon her and the horizon of her bright reward was dawning, she called h.r children and her. grandchildren around her bed and bore to them a faithful testimony of the truth of the Gospel urging them to be true and steadfast in the great work of God, then silently passed away. The" Immediate cause of death was catarth of the stomach and head, froirt which she suffered -- greatly. The. funeral .was under the' direction of the ward Relief Society and wa beautifully conducted. The procession walked from the residence two blocks to the meeting hall ; first came President I.N. Hinckley and Bishop Jessie Hopkin-son- , followed by two members of the" High- Countins Hishop's counselors followed by six then cil; Veterans in the Pries'.nood, Rearing, in their hands' the beautiful casket containing. the corpse ; then followed the whole body of 'the Relief Society, and lastly citizens of all ages and faith, did honor to the deceased. The casKet was placed in the center of the hall and upon it stood a large cross of new cut flowers. .. 11. H. Watts, George Crane, James Abraham and Ilishop Hopkinsoii were th-- speakers and President 1. N. Hinckley endorsed all the god things that had been said of our departed sister. He counseled her offspring and all assembled to emulate tier Hie ana example, as oemif among the bright aul .faithful ones of this lite. Then was tenderly laid away the body of a rare member of womankind, whose peaceful life leaves sweet memories- with all who knew her. Gkokge Ckanis. - e - Here Peter saw a crisis 'was at hand aridwas ready and.; willing', to use ,,the;suorttJ which he did and Was told to put up his sword in its sheath. How astonished to hear this! What "benefit is a, sword kept in its sheath? Here he flew into a passion r dn not know his meatiinsr. -- Doctrine and Covenants it reads thus : "Be not ashamed neither confounded, but be admonished in 'nil your high -- uiiudedness . and pride, for it briugetha snare upon your -- semis.' cease to -- It also says "Cease to be idle, be unclean." Yes truly our Father requires us to be pure, both mentally and physically clean, or we ate not fit to come into His kingdom ; ...but this "caution and pride- - has. been upon repeated many times in the old Testament as well as the New, but not in this form telling us of the snare. But it is a caution and should be observed you will no doubt admit, and after being repeated by so many prophets both ancient and modern, shall we nowbe slack and treat the subject with indifference ?, Then we shall undoubtedly feel the snare, even as the Apostle Peter did, for i think , he was a proud man natu., rally. Had he been humble he would have askr washed THis discied otir Savior1 ples feet, for he would be ashamed to have his Lord and Master do this for him but instead of this' he quickly said "Thou shalt never" wash my feet," the reply" was, ' Then thou wilt have 110 part or lot with high-miudedne- ss . high-minded- ' ; me;" but-beh- old how quickly, he was humbled and said " Not only my feet, but my hands and head." Jesus said '"Ye . are clean but not all." Then' you' remember when told by our Savior " He that hath no sword let him sell his garment and buy one," He was told' "We have two swords' the reply was "It is enough." . - both f Trail-.- . Keptiblicans.r--4?j- ? ' -- ; : ' .. " ' t . :. ' t - . "V : , ; ht ' ' .. " ... the next issue of the Woman 's Bn-roK-K ; .Cx.-r- ; , vote." wJv. Tr.- - i- sitting, the Assembly, after an estab- bill of the second reading jrissed 'the lining woman suffrage audVpne man, one ' most momentous national for. many, years will have bee n. election decided; and of the millions ofwomen whose interests are at stake, not one will have'liad a voice in determining the result except tbese who live in Wyoming, Utah and Colorado. Woman's journal. . the Journalheld." HuMriiKKv Ward's latest book, Sir George Tressady,'' which has just appeared, is considered the most interesting of this great novelist's books. The author occupies a place in the first rank of modern writers. 'Mrs'. Ward, as is well known, ' cores' from the brilliant Arnold family, of which Mathew Arnold was a member. Her early years were spent in Oxford, and she grew up .under the influence of that "city's intellectual, life. She is not only a student of b xks but of men, and her time is divided almost equally between her university extension work and writing. Mrs. Ward is, without doubt, the befst paid of Out of " Robert Else- living novelists'. Mrs . . 4 t, : . . me. .. she has probably made 3,000,000, and for the list one published she will receive more .than for any other. . ;. r :, j. At the Woman's Congress in Berlin the greater part of the addresses was indeed, worth hearing, giving news and details of the work of women all over the The pa person the I J n i versi ty world . studies of women,' and on the practice of medical women read by doctors from America, Russia, Arnlenia, Bosnia, France, and I taly. were received with the same sympathy as the papers on the Working j Women Question of the different countries. I The claim for participation' in poor and orpfcauage wor met with as great an interest as the Woman's Right Question ; and the legal disabilities of German women were just as much condemned as the Government's indifference to prostitution, all in all, one hundred papers were read. ... ' This nobility of character dees not belong to the pfoud'ones of this world. No, they can not understand such humility .as this. The "spirit; of the world '.could not comprehend it. No, it takes the wisdom of the Deity to keep out of the snare that is ready for us if we lean so much upon our own strength and do not observe the golden rule. Let us then be humble and acknowledge the hand of the Lord in our chasli-e- ment ; for it seems that we are already in the snare, ever since politics divided us, as Jvsus said " except ye are one ye are n&i mine." Humility is our only for the Lord- - resists the. proud- but gives grace to the humble. .St, Paul tells us that all our afflictions will be sanctified to our good in as rsucn as we fear God and keep his commandments. This is a comfort ; then let us not grieve the good Spirit of our Father who is watching to do good to all who put their trust in Him. This is the faith of " safe-guar- d, - TT . I,--' o RemoTed to 48 and 50 Main St.. - - Zion's. Convict. S. L. City, Aug. 10, 1S96. -- "t all-nig- . - If At Meiturn, Victoria, on October 9, , : "-- PfmiiliKts and ftirkish-Ta- . 1 , V Tin: women of France prepared a monster uetition. which, was presented to the Carina on her visit to Paris; asking her to exert her influence with her husband to jbtain the deliverance of Armenia from -- : Father. .. J'A.t-k- -'i saipt. sound-minded- In section 90 and 17th verse of the -' wings of the self-conce- it self-respe- ct . Tul,rwi - lUi it.". ... self-concei- ",., . No nnd Vnid He. denied Him . I do not know the man." three times, then, the cock' crowed ; Jesus, gave him a look which" Peter felt, remembering the words " Before-- the cock; crows twice thou, wil't deny: jue. thrice." ; The 'Apostle Peter went out and wept, bitterly. Here humility took the place which pride had left, for this is the 'and spirit of the world and we being of the earth earthy, we find it is our spirit at times although Ve think wt are humble or. try to be so at least, yet we find we have a will power which may be used with indiscretion at times when in hast, and we do not take time to consider the consequences. You will remember our Savior previous. ly, told Peter that " Satan desires-;- to sift thee as wheat, but I have prayed for thee.". Now I would ask, was he liof in the "sieve" at the time of these trials ? (And where in does the sieve differ, from the snare, j for they are surely in the hands of the. icmpUu). until he was again humble, then the Lord could deliver him and surely his lesion was a profitable one, teaching him the difference and dignity between pride and the former being the and world and the latter the Spirit, spirit of the for. this of Christ; dignity enabled Him to reject the tempter every time until he gained (lie victory. .Yet always answering htm in a respectful manner yet firm and decided. ? "is not this God-likDoes not this spirit belong ' to every , religious person? Not only so, but the good spirit requires hso you to love yoiirTiemierdtr-grradtr-- t " who hate you, making sacrifices. If he ask you to give him your coat, give him . your cloak also ; if he ask you to go a mile, go with him twain," etc., then jou become worthy to be called the children of your ! - e THE SNARE. - SALT LAKE CITY. - Miss IIakkiet May Mills' contributes to the Woman's Journal graphic letter s describing the California campaign. Mks. Hki.uk M Gougar of Lafayette, Ind., has been speaking in many places in Ohio in behalf of free silver. TJie Leading Retail ... 1 . I i f . R.KTHOMA! 