W0MAN 2B KJUIQ &li$X . A tlnd 'of tlie cllapels was a painting"' of St, Paul ..'.posite si(le of the river, was. an exqusite ca I garden, a cabinet of natural history s - '. " baptising-hijailors.. ... ...... au a for was built It" observatory. little LeayitlieJChnf'ch "Ue"Cf6ssCd he An Pistfrts ofygieat antiquityhaviug been church, ami then used for that "purpose; the Hfe' Fbnhtain of Trevi;' first time in a strange city I. ever ,saw one one of. the twelve towns oi Etruna, and gel is "If you drink of the waters of The afterwards augmented by a colony from the legend of those places without a shudder. Trevi, it will ensure yofi a return to Rome Arno reminded me more of one of the .large Romei. a drive upon After a substantial lunch we took the to the hotel for lunch. Then canals seen fit Amsterdam, but an English from those the Janiculum Hill, where the gardens are lady said tonic "you. should have seen the train for Rome. The cars differ and thore is a splended view of Rome, river last week", during the rains when it of, France, tliey are not the long cars with fine, situated Chiefly ' on seven built hills, divided are upon one a if side,: it down seemed as. they was full to the brini, and passage door connecting the 'left bank of the Tiber. The most regua with into The before would tear everything it." compartments b" leading larly built near the northern gate Parte river divides, the city into two nearly the two, atiuy lell between","" del Popolo, and the quarter of Bargo. The equal parts; the quays which run along the into the next compartment. ht of the, Ve had views on spiares :ire numerous bat small, and adorn7 banks arc" .spacious," there, are four bridges," obelisks and monuments. it one is of marble. being clear after leaving ed with fountains; a view of the Island ot Elba. The .We drove on the Plaminiau Way, the Cecina,, to drove we Nov. 20: After. breakfast, was packed. We had nTnne'r on the northern road which led from Ancient . train with of the Cathedral built marble, .which, meals, Rome through the gate of Paolo. Near between stations, one hour-Tothe baptistry and Leaning Tower, is said train .to the gate is the tomb of Caiiis. Cestius," entrain stopped, we left our car,' ran ' lobe the finest specimen that exists of the the diner the engine, the meal was closed in The wall of. Aurelian. It is a the uet Gotico Moreixo. called the Italians 61 feet by style excellent," we stopped, ran back to ourcar, brick pyramid cased with marble, The. Cathedral was begun in 10G3, conseit wasall novel higbrwitlra baseol crated in' 11 i,S. Iu 1560 it was. nearly de-- ' others went to the diner; cemetery at its foot, is the grave of and amusing. was but choir the fire, by exceptstroyed About midnight we arrive at Rome KeTfsT'UTd "theomTnwh Tcli: con tains' life restoied. It is 31 feet long, 166 feet wide, The cypress trees are were thankful heart of Shelley. and the nave is 109 feet high. The facade ."The Eternal Citv." We we had a manager and he attended to the verv old. As we drove along by the old is. magnificent, the jnterior is exqusite Custom Officers.' Arrangements were walls of Rome, .the beggar boys turned in finish and very imposing; The bron.c doors cartwheels, for sue's they were" bright-eyethe fire, but made for our stay at Hotel d' Ahgleterre were put up in 1602 comfortable in laughing boys, attractive in spite of dirt nc of the earlier ones is to be .seen in the de' Paris,, among . the most well aired, and and rags, .... looking Tike Murillo's Beggar outh Aisle. The gieat bron.e lamp which" the city. Our rooms were We readied the Basilica of St. we retired, to dream of the Boys. much fatigued idea Galileo of the the pendulum, beautiful fountain that met our gave' Paul, "S. Paolo fuori le Mura", a magnifigaze just Vc in and watched nave. the. it hangs cent church which marks the spot where could see it swing, but only by looking at 'after leaving the station. , the. Apostle is believed to have been, Nov. 21, 1896. In Rome. Our breaksome object near t; then it was very fast the inevitable rolls and coffee, but buried; It contains Mosaics of the xjcrccptible. The statues and paintings are is line. The mo.-- remarkable pictures, are, good. Carriages were ordered, we drove Century; .the interior supported by eighty We judged it one of the Andrea del Sarto St, Cecilia" "St. Peter" along the Tiber, passed the Angel Bridge, granite columns. a bridge of the limp. Hadrian, Castle St. most beautiful churches we had seen. Reand "St. Agnes." There were two exquiimprison, turning we visited the Mammertine site Madonnas, but I could not learn by Angels, or tomb of Hadrian, the most anliberated was the where Peter bySt, whom. The .campanile or belfry, is the posing mausoleum in Rome, begun by ' Uadrian, completed by his successor, A. gel. ".hiost curious, a cylindrical tower of 178 It was now dark, and we returned to I). 159. The bridge is the approach to the feet in height, graceful in proportions and constructed ()f successive rows- of marble tomb; it is wholly ancient except the para-H- r the hotel for dinner. ft theW St. ivl.M. pillars, lemarkable Tor its inclination, thirteen feet out of the perpindicular. carriages at the fountain in the space iu from whence the name, Leaning Tower, front of the Church. It is a large area of NOTES AND NliWS. .and also why it is called one. of the oval form surrounded with a magnificent "seT;en w The Tower "colonuadeTthework of Berinrei: Vie whig has a peal of seven bells, '."the heaviest the building from the outside, we then ' Tiik Boston University and tlnMNorth--wester- n entered the Church, which stands on the . University at Kvanston, 111., have weighing six tons. site of the circus of Nero, where many both taken action to discountenance the The Baptistry, completed in 1.278, is Christians were martyred, and where St. 'about 100 feet in diameter, and the height Peter is said to have been buried after his u se f4obaceo4yhe-ir4-Observations made by physicians on stu of the" dome 190 feet.' The pulpit, the crucifixion. : dents at Yale and Amherst, show that the masterpiece of Nicola Pesano' (1260) and The crpt is all that'remains of the early s of tobacco surpass the users iu the fount, quite as beaut 'Tui; would pay basilica. The present-edific- e was begun in both, physical development and in scholaryou for the illness of the voyage, just to see 1506, by Julius II, from designs by Bram-ant: EX. them. A priest gave us the wonderful The work went on with various ship. echo; first pianissimo, then in rich full changes and under several architects, until The women of South Kramingham, to'.es; it answered in .the same rich, tones. Paul III, being "inspired by God" entrustMass., are among the first in. the State - to The Campo Santo, completed in 1283, is ed it to MichaeT Angelo. The Church was show especial interest in the political state a large oblong building .or dedicated by Urban III, iu 1626, the colon--- n of affairs. At a public demonstration last the "holy ground" which contains ule addd by Alexander VII in. 1667, and Mrs. Eleanor M.. Martin, in behalf of many shiploads of earth brought from the sacristy by Pius VI, in 1780. The week, the women, presented a campaign flag to Mount Calvary. The funeral mounments, main cost million dollars; the the Middlesex Republicans. fifty building In 1.840, the sarcophagi and Greek ami Roman Antiwork was" so heavy that Julius II and Leo ladies city gave a campaign flag, to quities are very curious. One pictu re X, resorted to the sale of to indulgences the Whigs; which is now in the possession represents ..the "Last Jirdgment". . It raise the led-tthis money;: of the Historical Society; Ex. would .fill y our soul with horror. One of Go and see it, nothing can. give you "the party remarked, "were I obliged to an idea of its vastuess, grandeur and plain Dr. Grace N. Kimbajj. of Bangor, Mc. every day I 'would live a pure life, for the arts of architecture, sculpture nowT in charge of the principal relief work I never wish to go there; ' ' " As we left The splendor; ana are. in tne uignest pertection; she has gained the title buildings a mail took our attention with a The pamung most celebrated artists, Bramaute, of "heroine of the Van", has been chosen cute, tiny, brown dog, .Marengo, he said' ' Raphael," Maderno, Beruui and assistant pliysiciaii of Vassar College. Dr. Vignola, he .was named, after The village'of Sardinia. Michael all worked Angelo,upon it. The Kimball has accepted and will leave Van at It stands on the borders of a great plain chair is a throne elevated to the the close of the harvest, in August, when where, on the 14th of June'1800, Bonaparte patriarchal lT theN relief wbrk must end. She will visit defeated the' Austfians. under General height of 70 feet. The high altar has below it St. Peter's tomb, above itris a can- hospitals and schools in Europe before Melas.Doggie was bought by a member of brass towering to a height of 132 opy She has asked leave of absence .: .of our party.' before the to door the tomb is a lamp, until January, before, beginning her college feet, The square of the University contains always lighted. On the floor was marked work. Dr. Ktmball has obtained a nationmarble buildings. Tlie University ; is the the length of all the Cathedrals in al reputation for her 'bravery and work in large the; world; This was 7 much larger.1 I irt'iie t . ' . . 'marble-Morgue- : 15pf : I ' , i ! ' ' .". -- ' ! I - - - " . Mettt-te.vaV.ea- our-rig- , n, . , r . 1 b'feetT-IiFthePrpt-- estant 1 . d aft-e- t " - - PetiT-Ckuf.- - we-4e- 4H - - e non-user- , e. -- " corridory-euclos--in- g of-thi- s o the-Reformati- on. : see-tha- t - . ere -- -- - - re-turnin- g.1 - ' . .' 