The Rights of the Women of Ziont Vol. 25. . Here, canons o'er . Leaves Horn My Journal Kim. Notes And News. Memorial Gathering E. li. W. Califor. JiVitnil. Woman's Home Ex "Autobiagraphy Of Elizabeth L. Hyde. R. S. And iius P. A. Miscellaneous. Reports. -- The Woman's Vote. Editorial us, deep-shade- . There, pink bloom of orchards that scented the bree.e; Now full bosomed rivers "shone sparkling before ; Here lightly 'the wild thick . waters, us. Or gleamed through the verdure of w ide spreading trees. We rushed through fair hamlets, we skirted broad plains, With; their rustling of grasses and waving of ' X". ."' 'grains, And paused where fair citiesspread wide their domains, Till we hailed the tall ships anchored safe from Or or The I'rcss Xlub Orielle The Spinet Minna Irving. Remem Lydia I). Alder. WniLKyou pore, Over themes profound and vast, . Studying legendary, lore, Culling o!d world fancies o'er, Tracing dim mysterious score, ',. . 1'alimpsest from secret store Cloistered in the w hispering. past; Or perchance with thought more wise, Pondering what directly lies Under your observant eyes, Problems of the hour and day: How the brave balloonist tries Task severe and high emprise, leaving cold tempestuous skies; I low the searching Rnentn juii 11c vy wonders brings alway; y -- Or how 'neath hypnotic sway Minds from sentient thought-- uttermost shore. Shall the "land of the brave and the home of the ' " free" ' England's vassal and appanage willingly be? For a fetter of gold shall her statesmen find plea? rhen thy stars shall lead onward and upward no astray, - Laws occult and strange obey; Or, while patriotic zeal Bids you seek the nation's weal.' 5 While in your accustomed pces, . 1 uu j uiscuss wnn serious laces. Themes of pith and weight like these, Pause and place a dash or colon x In the essay good and wise; Let me show you through my eyes, Cedars tall and streams that roll on, Hurrying to distant seas , With their wild sweet symphonies. " -- more.1 ; -' ' " . . Success to the cauiejuid-iiu-- ft well, Remember with kindness your friend Orielle. X To Curtis I've hunted in vain for a rhyme, So 1 leave the last name, for more leisurely " time. -- . : . 1 . ; rpinions And waft their rich gifts' to Earth's : 1 . belong. read your high Carnival 'neath the green shade. And your glorious 4th with its pomp and parade, v With the leauty of Utah in splendor arrayed. The miners and ranchers and railroad men . here Must perforce be content with very plain cheer. ' Thine, Oh my country, these princely dominiouSj mountains of w:ealth giving Thy treasure-vault- s ore; tall masted ships spread their starry-crowThy r rwlncc tli tltpir I n . 5 But friends of the Press Club, I gossip too long, Forgive the intrusion, T keow it is wrong; The curb on my Pegasus needs to be strong, Or he ambfes on ground" that to .others wheat, What hills where the amber grape clusters grow . sweet, What streams tripping seaward .with silver shod feet, What orchards and meadows lie smiliug between! , u. . How softly Pacific thy blue waves are glancing, Mid moss vestured islands and'silence serene! So fair and so peaceful in liquid light dancing, White crested Atlantic rolls billows of green, What prairies all rustling with corn and with -- vf: . the seas. FRIENDS OF THE TRESS CLUB. iVi skims over the "' lpr ( nll.fpi t!irpM breast. From the snow mantled mountains the river has ' brought us, Their soft dewy breezes, their blessings of rest. . . r . t. : r.. ir awiiiic ii is genu tue woiiu ssirne 10 jurgci. utic Its jostling and bustle, its envious fret, IJere nature's sweet peace soothes life's pain and regret, And hopes Paradise Birxl in the. heart builds her - nest. . v Tokthy: Friends No. 4. 'As the river flows bubbling and laughing along, Green wave chasing, wave in continuous throng, With the soft grace of motion, the music of sound. with crags beetling i d ' Curtis. brance ml SALT LAKK CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 15, 1S96. CONTENTS: mxr-HoM- and the Rights of the Women of ah. Nations. LHAVKS FROM MY JOURNAL. ' -- v - x ' vine-covere- ' Tenderly fingers of evening w ere folding Mantles of mist over valley and hill, Thf pvp in a rantnrp of hrjitt Kchn1;n The red bloom of sunset fade softly and still, When away from fair Utah, where sultry winds blow, We sped as the arrow is shot from the bow, As the eagle soars swift o'er the meadow low; V So i mused as I sailed o'er the soft silken waters Where Puget Sound sings round her velvety isles, And I asked shall the wisdom the ages have taught us, Be vain to protect us fr .1 tyranny's wiles? But the waves rippled on in their musical glee, d Andjmirrored the grace of each 1..;.... tree. , And beauty again seemed new born from the sea Till thought grew entranced by earth's magical ; ' ; t smiles. - pity , - - --S -- 7 - -; Where the shriek of the steam sounded wild-l- y The tired throngs that swelter infierce summer " ' -and shrill. heat, On and kill onward; in Eastern skies glowing Think of trees just as far as the vision can go The saffron haired Dawn npnpH nnrfitc f-- Reaching up to the skies in a numberless row, ""'-" '' Spruce, cedar and fir, leafy maple below, flame, & Till through their bright arches fresh largess Vines and moss'running riot with sou changing : ' ' feet, bestowing, . Embosomed in beauty imagine a clearing, The Day King in splendor and majesty came.; Aquiver w ith gladness earth saw the ; light" rise, With mossy log fortaliee circling itround, , The (lowers dried the dew in their tremulous Its . cabin and garden securely ensphering- ,Here your Press correspondent cool, refuge has pvps found.-'.- s in grateful surprise, And rang their soft , ..z westward-wefolled Still -"oyer; mountain and Birds,- squirrels and" bees join the Skyfcomish r . ;; 'song, plain, ":" J -- ' " ' ,V'-,"J- ' . ''. ; ; . ...'.' joy-bell- ; - r-r . "' t . - J Europe. We saw the beautiful Carrara Mountains in the Appennines, the quarries rhave been worked for more than two thousand years." It is said they were discovered by a herdsman, and that these quarries furnished the marble for Caesar's.- Palaces, At six o'clockwe arrived at Pisa. As we neared the station we could see grouped together in one corner of the town, the Cathedral. Baptistry and Leaning Tower. Taking the diligence we drove to the Graiid Hotel, vhich was very clean and nice. We are now away from rose embowered hotels. 'This hotel entertains King Hum- bert when he comes to Pisa. The host showed us the apartments of the .king; was elegant excellent, the cooking was delicious. Looking from my window on the op- ; And now mydear friends in the hot dusty city, I wish I could paint you the sylvan retreat, Where I write at ray easeand remember with T-- Tuesday, Nov. 19, 1N95. Wiv left Genoa by. mid day train, and continuing along the Mediterranean Coast, still found the scenery imposing. We cultivated-hillspassed Chiavari, inclosed by It lias several old towers, andin the environs many handsome Villas. Our guide pointed out the Anchovy fishery. We passed the renowned winter resort, Spezzia," the largest- Military seaport in Italy. Its ship yard is one of the largest in : " ' - . . ' they-were-e- . iy . 