unwdue$OMe.geC? ' r. Xi U N K N S ? vy i 1 iulLVol of the of the until all; are We And'ef dinning 'work. - While tire ih are in men sit;comzrAeriiprfowh" jA ""fi.iV," what is safe wo- - neeij'. ha ve' T" 'Wf?Ctt2&?i& repre- - 'city iehuols and th mind dears,'" the gentle would sayr . kiuiay.ihe most "EUen will.; j.uvit-,?Uviilo)irie home ' and 'tcai h Von uniVVidp plea- - 'you' along winter-- : promising condition'. cincier;: teachers, VT '! coarse i -- as we hefinnv." Poor, jut L'XIfCt:illt Iliotlur how tii'lMV of lu-l- p nroild. ""'- n your son. uiOit serious io remember n you go wrong, against the your kind are in the wxild today :cril:cing the wliole family that one ambitious, selfish or uauiniter. or. sister i leu awav, no scho4 lxard, and thit iV iht one can represent cither of them that of the bchf.oI rim. List year almost every child may have her desires. true, at heait, lillen uieant Well; siie The teacher had U ice thv nuz.trrof students he punishment murt be met in tersou. knew. the whole family had giue without. to.-- J!i!i the rooms law does one's- - husband, pz. she. coaUl-d- necess;iry things tliat.slie inight live in the father, brotlier or son to become responsi Avert crowded to -- uch a:: extent as to enthu four ble for any wrong committed by w :e, danger' the health, if no: the live.of the city and attend the university children. If there .art: n funds fur more years normal amrse, but one year of teach-indaugliter, sifter or mother. she believed would pay it all back, she cm i.nr rented and. ine women oi Utah nave been given buildings surely the franchise at ah' optortune time, they more teachers employ tii, even florae of the did not dream of the many expanses the Do not let the city; life would bring her for she loved suouia see io n mat the opportunity, is salaries Have to lc I not thrown away. Those children sutler from ho. :Iv ventilated nxjins. society, she loved music and s always 'nice. had besides adored it was words of Nelson at Trafalgar, have ..been clothes, quite forlier to have them on necessary" ebe echoed round the world since that day, jkto-pi- e IDAHO EOUAL PLANKS. SUFFRAGE ' would guy' , her and say she was England expects every man to do his countryhed and that slie could never endure, duty." At the present time' it seems ap Links The p by following adopted not that she was a.shamed of having come pareni mat Utah expects everv woman to the four 'state convention- - c;" from Mah; oh no indeed.- - but'smV d; herd u ty vas., well, a v e ry m a si . And Resolutions the Populists wanted, folks to think if a eouutrv girl she adepted . luai, uui as u appears io the writer, is convention; i: cinal rights to lel:evin taste and mimic rs as the not only to cast her ballot but to ;use her j none, we lavor had just as good, ' t . all and vSo special p:i she reasoned and ho,hhe exj rixnyer oi Meeca w neiuer it ie silver or the s .voman suicused herself for her many extravagances, e'olden in the direction of "teace and C adoption amcuufiitrni. vj irae 'ofiTiea'trej "and 'concert tickets, bon bons, goodwill," and the promotion of harmony Democratic Resolution passed by iht light gloves, fine, shoes, dainty waists, her instead ot mction and a .spirit or conten' We convention: to the :cj,nn:;d tion. These are days of unrest among the perfect fitting winter j icket, her feathered favorable consideration of of voters the lie and hat, her perfumes .aw' children of men and a power of control, or amendthe state cx.s:;;ut;oiial proposed llowers and all the triiles which go to coml is always helpful strength of ment" granting nfrage, believing pose the paraphernalia of a pretty giri'.s in every trying hour, and under all cir on this that receive the wardrobe. shonli questi great She knew the was pretty and cumstances. The women of the Latter- ot im earnest attention as rrvn a:i every she and though, she was. day Saints who have passed thrpugli such factor of future the welfare portant she rather was somewhat sought after poor trying ordeals, who have been taught such state. who line had homes and plenty of by girls lessons of humility and by. Resolution the passctl ty Republican means, for her society was pleasant and the very force of circumstances, above all c amendment convention: Uvcr mt she always had many admirers iiut the women in the world, should be able to to the constitution of the late proposed by last few days Ellen's conscience had been act wisely in the present crisis of affairs in the new state, And if they arc net troubling her a good deal; she had received a:-d r men .romen. and a letter lrom her mother with a lew hints" of equal sunragt-Jorecognized as Ihe piers of men,' should recommend their '"' what they rather expected her to bring, show by their 'fidelity and faith, their Resolution' passed by 'the silvtr Repub loyalty and loye for the principles of licans: " We favor the a -- o; lion of the and her purse would by uc means supply them. Though vain and thoughtless she" and equality that shine so conpicujustice amendment r . " c proposed c .1.. it M nil; ;hl h'Ue been, the last lew nights, as imivs.v n n;l PTritT I'll tt for state the of the the txttr.iiin providing soon as her school work was ov.er she had of telling events. and eventually cannot .vomen: i oi io ine separabeen calling to her aid all the intellectual sunrage jz fail of recognition. It is Incumbent upon ngni or otEces tion of the county school superin and literary ability she posesed in order the women of this people to stand by-th- e , tendent for the sub proDate-juigeand and a story in competition icr the pri.e right in weal or woe. The future of stitution of a state attorney frr ea ch jndic- 1 to write of fifteen dollars that a daily pajer had ofwhich so much has been prophesied de. district." fered. . The. story was at last mushed and mands that there be no failure in the the girl completely exhausted with hard moral and spiritual courage of the wo' r ' work and loss ofsleep had now for- - two ELLEN men of today. Dare to do. rigM,Dare weeks to sit on the anxious seat, ior she to be true; andtruTrTnCodfuF the . : . . , : : t. ,.0 u la L,uii-ej: ana oi work is w'otild not knowr before then, .what the result wrould be. Her" fears and hopes uere dune if only they accept it even' for second;" thus spoe a young oman as she sealed equally balanced, so much so t .at she EDITOR A L XOTIiS. dreaded the announcement of the snccessjui up a neath arranged package with accom panying letter tor the mail. Ellen Hartwell story almost or quite as much as she longed As the cool weather appr- aches the pleahad been teachin: ;er nrt. half ear in the for it, and at any rate her journey home sure s.ekers. forsake' the mountain n treats pubiic schc-o- i and as .the Uyiz s approachwould have to be postponed a tew days for and lake resorts, and are rto; enir.g their ed and she anticipated a vi-- it to her ronntrv she could never lace the family without t houses and making ready for in dr or past- - home, sp e ocsjan to now much she some remembrance and she had very little e J lie; theatre has would need to purcnac the she would. means, scarcely enough to buy her ticket timesjand. amusements. ho-sbe expected to Lring and little shp had home. In tile begining of .the winter she already opened its doors and some most de' lightful plays have been given and two saved irom her .salary icr thai purpose. had promised herself, that her mother should very chafming concerts are promised for Poor Ellen , when the salary of forty dollars a have a fine warm shawl, her two sisters each a month-wathe present week. onered her, Loth to herself and pretty new dress with materials to make seemed a smatortnne, :'.for.she:.-ha- them up, her three brothers, two of them a-it A BUSINES3 meeting of the officers and family been raised in a' country- - town where pair of skates and the baby, dear, chubby members of the State Suffrage Association was a rarecomm xhty and the people little Tom a sled, and her dear hard working will be held on Wednesday, October 7, at money could barter ana exec: heir different father a "new overcoat; and. now her a, m. at Room- - 228 Constitution articles and live cuite .ccmiortablv - if not one cry was, oh if T only had been careful ! Building. All members -- of Associations luxuriously without a gat g: it lor months During the school hours the day seemed to throughout tm State; who are in the together, and Ellen had 'seemed ex- - drag and how dreadfully nervous the buzzcity or can come are urgently requested ceptionaily bright, the adays had made ing lips and scuttling ieet of the school tt3L attend and take part in the proceedings many, sacrifices., thai .she parents might- receive- - a children made, her; would the day never end as matters of special importance Wil,l. be close the' school-rogood education. Other chihireri it is true, mi el t and how . under consideration. . had to attend to many ot tne ;homedutiesJ disagreeablethe ekiidreii school 7Tiiiv time to,, study- and quite evident Miss Hartwell was not so inchildrerniretaniingrourtheTr to give ner sui books and pencils and hunting up prorno- - were deprived in vari s ways. ut never terested in the children, and their wrork be- - ntc'," V,r Vot 1a..'j ";r? - 1 itit lnii!r!ifi Vt-- -- f. rttw i ' over-crowdin- g ;" . , - it..- jiQt-perm.- ju-ti- or r ..-fo- ': g -- . he world-famou- the-count- ry. v-- e I 1 city-bre- d. I be-ribbon- scif-cyntrc- ed " . -- . loved--attentio- in-th- self-sacrific- n e e -- -- zd-.'.- , - . . I ' L, ' - Z -- 4 intxt - .? . 2 ? . - -- rra-Lz- -- g;-ii- - s : d , " - r o - 1tc . ' .'J 