WOMAN'S EXPONENT.s -- " , , c3 kiu (is vi ..v..:. f1 J. . g ( ' . "- ; ..., - "'' TV? ; ' . . in government : I i Guide's "Beatrice to see-RCenci." I aUvays thought her's the sweetest lace, but heard it jwritten up as baby face, so judged it might not ,be all. I im- -- , , agined; but it is indeed beautiful, and those e)c.s well I have seen sick babies when easy for a moment after intense suffering, look up with just that .expression. The other one where her lawyer is urging her to confess anil end the torture, looks just as I imagine (alter seeing lire rack) one would hj k , iia 111 etiiiuieu iw iai uisui; luuuit. We now drove outside the jjates 11111 i inthe family, n - . -- as truly as )e-ko- ta . 1 that women were needed Western o7!mnhoodtrfyiroy North edited and published by" Mary A. Whe--docomes out in a new and attractive form with 'its' third volume. It is a general woman's paper confined to no single hobby, but concerning woman's work in the home and out probably the only journal injhe West giving an outlook over such a broad T. V., Equal SufTrage, field. V, C Home, Children, School Room, Sunday school, alliiave their part and place. The leading page contains a delightful-pictu- re and sketch of Mrs.' Ella Knowlcs Haskell of Montana, the first and only lady Assist-an- t Attorney General in this country. ; Then said He unto them: "But now, he that hath a purse lef him take it, and likewise his scrip; and he that hath no sword, let him sell his garment and. buy one." " "For I say unto you that which is written, must yet be accomplished in me, for the things concerning me have an" end." "And they said unto Him, "I.Kd we have two Swords." iAnd He said unto them "It is enough. " 38th. verse, the saniechap. "He then withdrew from them about a .. . , ,, . .. -- 1 : .. en -- Sto w u mver KT, BiiHCHKR , ! noi-aiacc 1 and ought tt,be clothed with the same political rig lit and charged with the same polit' . ical duties as men." --J.- uke, -i- ks H a k k cea.setl to believe t r t pertect flesh tints, and. i;anienicnino s not crow tliKflav.' bpfore that thou shai master piece" of the. "Last Communion of j. thrice, deny that thou knqwest me. St. Jerome" and the lovely "Madonna del ''22 chapter,-3.. verse, infant Kesirio" oy Sassoferrati; sheandtlie And.in the 33th verse He said unto them: feet Oiithroned in her thercloud.s, Jestisare "When I. sent you without purse and .scrip all with the crescent, angels jesting t)ir and shoes, lacked ye many things?" They about them. We now visited the Barber-- , said l'No..nothiiig.ll-4-r-- : -- M ,j the Appian Way. lw 811 1 when the brethren heard us, they came to DR. said unto lhem,v "Why sleep "He The meet us as far as - lest Arise ye enter into temptaPHYSICIAN AND SURGEON., Three Taverns, whom when Paul saw. he tion."" and pray, " " in 1 it Seho of thanked God ami took courage." Acts, Instructor "While he yet spoke Rdioid a multitude, S And a delightful and Nursing. 'chapter, 15 vcie. near and "drew of was. and one them, Judas afar as the "Three drive it is; when .. ... opens Oct 12, iSA with unto . Thew winter session nm.. But k, Tavcin.s" ue "icturned, going into Jhe iu jesu iu i.:....tts... for education in this racil.ties improvcd Catacombs tf St. Cdivtus, original palace him, 'Judas betrayest thou the' Son ;ot in 10)rtant brinch of sufdv. Reduced prices to societies. For further information communicate of Scpultuie of fcSaint Cecilia. We entered man with a. kiss?" with Ellis' R Shipp M. I)'., 75 Center St. Salt the chapel where a priest gave us lighted "Then said one-- of His disciples "ShallJ." Lake City. Telephone 555. tatcrs, then .showing us some sacred relics, we smite v,ith .'the Mvord?" At this mo- among them the print of the Savior's foot-- , ment one of theri.smote the servant of the Je- htcps ijj the s;ind, we began to descend. high priest, and cut off his right ear. IN with the .solemn warnhig to all keep to-- ' r answered and said: "Sutler ye thus far' ' gether near the priest, as so many had been and He touclicd his car and healed him." Dn.'riOMA'NiAvB.'-VUAT'- r lost forever. Kvery thing was so Luke 22p! chaptevj 50th to 60th verse. will (0nn11c1.ee and this filled us with fear, as we Peter said: "Man I, hnow not what thoii the winter elas iu midwifery October 7, l8iN. Tiled along through the narrow passes sayest" and while shaking the cock crew; Scwcral sitnatinivs in small ' families Tot boanl. which were a jxrrfeet make,-an- d so short,, and the Lord turned and looked upon Special terms to students sent by the Relief and the turnings so nutnerous; and when Peter, and Peter remembered the words of Society. For further particulars please comDr.'; Pratt, ' Jesus and he .went out and wept bitterly.'' municate' with you know they are thousands of miles', . and cycr7 so many st'Ties under ground, Here we see that the sieve was a proh-:Salt Lake City, Utah. you may judge we oteyed orders. We saw table lesson to th:; Apostle Peter; Here he ando! blood the the martyrs - their bones, learned the diflerence letu;een the .spirit of the slabs of marble which told who lay tlie Gospel and that o.f the world. LOW RATES TO THE EAST. buried there; the turtle dove and branch of After the spirit- of the world left him, . Your iittention is directed to the exceptionally low rates in effect this coming season to nearly laurel indicated a young girl. Wre saw the then vur Savior's words were vividly imevery prominent point In the Kast.' e turning where the Christians used to pressed and rushed, to his memory, bringing before has such an excellent opportunity the soldiers when they came to take greater love for die Lord and Master than. h enNever afford d for a ummer Vacation Tour, or or them. There were two turnings side by he ever experienced in doubt. Did he hear visiting Iriends in the East. Vemenlion4)elow a side rand of cou fse the soldiers ran dowiF 1 he high priest., ask, as writleu in .Marlv "Tew- of tlie p!aaesTou hie!? greatly reduct d rates the first; that was the last of them thank 14th chapter, and part of verse 61, "Art have befifmade. The UNION PACIFIC is the line that will .ive you the best service to any of these Ood! All breathed a sigh of relief when thou the Christ, the Son of- the Blessed?" points. we reached the outside, and were thankfui And Jesus said: "lam, and ye shall see t'hicao, 111., July 7. l.nto One f;tre fr trip. we lived in this 19th Century. I have been the Son of man sitting ou the Huff lo, X. V., July Hat On fare for the rotm.l trip hand of right told the burning of so many candles in the power,. and coming in the clouds of fare f..r the rmin.l W'Hshlntfi, Ik C, July 713. trip. Catholic Chinch is emblematic of the time 1 Kale (W'fare Milwankfp.AVw., July the roim.l trip. when they dare not.read the Bible oienly, ' ' Watch Omaha, Xcb., July and fare orv' ye therefore, and pray always, certificate plan. and sought sanctuary in those old tomb's I -St. Mii, Mo., July 22. Iiati- One are for the round trip. that ye may le accounted worthy to escape Kat Oiie fare fr the nmnd trip Omaha, Xeh., Antj-sDriving home via the Corso,. a most all these things that shall come to Cleveland. Ohio, August and ne fare for pass f)eautiftd street At niglit;. we were, .cheered i rtand lefore the Son of man. " the round trip. ne Milwaukee, Wis., Aii. 2.i27.. fare "or the found trip. at dinner with sniging and music. ' St. I'anl, Min., Septeml:er 1,4. fare for thn ELLIS IT; 'Appii-loruni,;an- d ' .' . , 1 1 Oh-stetri- cs - . - 1 . T j,uu, 4 , j MIDWIFERY CLASS ' I ' . awe-inspirin- g t , J , - cou-fus- - - - , -- il I hea-ven- ." '; - . Hate-O- ne i , . 16-19- . f'-- Kate-O- 21-2- ne r one-thir- d ' -- - t . 16-2- 4. 23-3- . Rate-(Proba- l.Iy). :. Itate-O- ' T II H .' . A PQST I.H " : V ".' . Kim. Zion's Cunvkkt. PKTKR WIv PT. TiiK Chicago Civic Federation lias; announced its. intention "to concentrate its, efforts on tyo important objects the prosecution of city employees who are systematically robbing the city treasury.and theelectiou of State legislators who will give Chicago new reiorm measures. . . ' . ' -- - . round Kate-O- ne (in oino case trip fit! le). ion as to tlate n of For. sale and ilfulfof ticket- tpfprhiaf time (if trains, etc., call on City Ticket Office 20 Maim Street. D. E. BL'RLEfY, G! A. J. D. 1). TAQGART, T. 1 did lie weep? Was it not behe saw the prophecy '.of our Savior cause fulfilled to the very : letter? Yes lie had denied his I ,ord three times' as J esu's said he would, after telling him that "Satan de sires to sift thee as yheat, but I have pray-'-rea lor li,ee mat tl.y truth la,! not;. and when ; Tin; twenty-fourth- Congress of Women tliou art converted, strengthen, thy breth-- ; j will be held in St. Johns, New Burnswkk chapter. 32,. versfi. re"; r&t..I.ke. .6, ,7 and ,8, Members of the A a' l not ; aAnpa-henthese w expecting to. attend should write atonce " reauy to .Mrs' W.. IV. TurL- - Oran.-1 to go with ice, both hiUi prison and to ' Tnhn. V n, ;' death. A n d why : j r, A'Z R.K THOMAS Removed to 48 and 50 Main St 7 SALT. LAKE CITY. . . ;:"? c The Leading Cash Retail 