WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 133 'history .of feomto,...,': -- --- n "H ig intelligence on it to .be. an enjoyment - . iit1-'- .: -- tnorro Tects? Uuct.o,, g.ven ... tins chapter. In the ' and encotirairmi' o 5th verse hebpraks ofthe xjwer of God unto salvation through faith ; and Wain in the 7th verse he says "The trial of your faith being much more precious than gold, thatierisheth not though it.be tried by fire. " And again in the 13th verse he.says, "Gird the loins of your mind, be sober and hope to the end for the grace that is to be brought revelation of Jesus Christ, you" by the as obedient children etc. Jle thus encourages love, saying in the 22nd verse "Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the tritfli through the spirit, with unfeigned love for the brethren, see that ye love one another with a pure heart fervently etc." ' i The Apostle James speaks of love, pure love etc. Not only- - so but onlv think in the 1st chapter 2nd verse he says "My brethren count it all joy when you fall into divers temptations, knowing this,-thathe trying 'of your faith worketh patience. But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect, wantiug nothing." Then speaks of wisdom saying "If one of you lack wisdom, let him ask of- God who giveth to all men liberally and not, and it shall be given him.', This, you remember, Joseph Smith our Prophet read and resolved to follow; and behold the consequence which followed, while at praer making his request of God. But pjease. read the Oth and 7th verses which say "Let him ask in faith nothing wavering; for lie that wavereth is like a wave ofthe sea, driven by the wind and tossed." He also says that .a double minded man is unstable in all his ways. Can We observe all Now let us reflect these rules or laws, as you may choose to call them. If we can do that, will we not obtain a character we could not get without is-t-o-thk experience? B Can we do it as it is here given.' solve. I firmly believe that with the spirit our. Father gives to those wrho love Him, we can do it; without it we could not. Let us then try to be fit temples for the good spirit to dwell in, nothing doubting, that His Spirit will help us to do all that is necessary to be done, is the faith ot, "Zions- Con v u kt 'v. W'e f,M when our path is smooth aud no. disappointment or vexation. Vet we are not tested until we meet the opposite; then the question arises, shall we become despondent and discouraged because our. foot slipped and we had a fall, or shall we have courage and try again. This will try our energy and force of character in one instance, and perhaps in another it may require patience and fortitude until tlw slorm is parsed, always hopeful in as much- as we Can see that things might have been worse. A feeling of thankfulness should be! ours, with courage to try again. We hnd when contemplating the sub- ject that we -begin to form our character in our youth, which, by proper care and attention, we greatly enjoy for I' believe the human family are all lovers of intelligence,, and when governed by pure principles always, the result is true happiness. Vet there is" an opposite to show the contrast." This seems neccesary that the good may be properly appreciated. But when the 'bad. qualities predominate, theii we feel the need of a captain at the helm to guide the ship,. (if - may use that term) to take" us safely into port or our heaven of rest: Now f would ask did not our Father foresee this when he sent His Son to earth to teach us this all important -' - r-- - up-braide- lesson? Do you ask where this lesson is to form bur character by? I will answer in the 5U1, 6th, and 7th chapters of St. Mathews -- called Christ's .sermon on the mount., Not, only there but also in the Epistles of St. Peter, St. James and St. John, besides those of St. Paul. We. find, .when we observe and practice the lessons given by these ancient worthies, 4u rm::ius4ireul ightened at gaLspiob-n lwhich ouf Savior promises tc all who' serve 'and obey the laws He gave; . for he said "In vain ye "cry unfo .me Lord Lord and do not the things that I say." By observing these laws we become acquainted with His character, and will feel at home in His presence when He comes in the clouds ol heaven. My pociy, no oouut, will be mouldering back to dust but my spirit will not be there.'. Ah no! "St Paul tells us "That which thou so west is not quickened except it die." We know while" the wheat is in the ground a sprout shoots up bearing more grain than the seed in the ground. St. Peter in the 30th chapter, 17th verse, says "Jesus was put to death in the flesh, but quickened. by the spirit by which he went, and preached to those Who died in the flood." By this we see this quickening power is felt in all humanity as well as in vegetation. What a grand idea to . . ut-tiii-pr-o- hy-th- - ASSOCIATION STATE SUFFRAGE A meeting of the State Suffrage ; Association will be held during the Conference place will be given rates, the time, and-thhereafter. Mrs. Richards and B:)yer will givexre por ts of their attendance at the Xa. tioual Convention, and addresses vill be given by some of the leading Suffragists 0f e the State. Margaret think of! This lesson. was taught to St. Peter by A. Caine, Sec. THE NATION'S FLAG. ; the-dea-d, FORTY-FIFT- 1 1 ' - I- as you will read in his first Epistle 1st chapter 30th verse "According to His abundant mercy He hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection ot Tesus Christ from tlie dead." And in the 4th verse he says; "To an A nheri ta ce in corruptible, undefiled and that fadeth not away reserved in heaven for you ." In this chapter we learn how lively a hope he has after seeing Jesus in his resurrected form, and are told by him where he was " t i our Savior afterHis resurrection-ffo- jn ' , 1 ; take pleasure in publishing the lowing letters which will be of interest re-toour readers and should be a matter 01 , cord; mey were ; nrsi puuucu. ' u4.roVtlj --to u her Pioneers: and to voTi li.-Tnd-. . ui ueserei Jvcniiig xy r 1 - Washington, D. C., "; Venerable Sir:. L ' . : February 25, 1896. To you whoe life has spanned the entire . e President Cannon: J", Woodruff, Wiu-or- Salt Lake City, Utah. Following is President' Woodruffs re- spouse: Hon.v Frank J. Cannon, U. S. Senate, Washington City D. C: My dear Senator. As a Pioneer who brought President Young in my carriage into the Great Salt Lake Valley the first time he saw the Salt Lake and surrounding country;and as one who, assisted in planting the American flag on this then Mexican soil, and wh assisted President Voung in laying out Salt Lake City, with its broad" streets aud sidewalks in this Great Ameri- can dry, sandy desert, and being in my ninetieth year of age, I accept this noble flag for'and in behalf of the Church of. Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints (being President' of the same;) also in behalf of every citizen of the State of Utah. The flag has been" spread to the breeze of both sea and land for over 120 years, over the greatest free Republican government ever established by -- ' ' . y c rea t ioi hoR lheGojl oheav.eiisi lic-- 1 le world, which flag I hope the citizens of Utah will ever maintain and make honorable. I feel thankful that I have lived to see the day when this noble flag is hoisted as an emblem and ensign to all the inhabitants of Utah in the capacity of a State years oT my life government. Forty-ninhave leen spent in Utah. Vours truly, e . : . . ; - W'lEl ORD Wr001)RUFl The" foregoing letters have, been .withheld for some time because of an intimation that the design upon which the two flags referred to had bten made might aain be changed several propositions to that effect having been submitted to the government authorities. As stated, however, the arrangement, agreed upon has been officially confirmed. The other flag, referred tb by Senator Cannon as one of the two first made with the Utah star, is the property of Governor II. ' M. Wells. LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- Y MEETING. Minutes of meeting held in Fourteenth Ward Assembly llall, Feb. 8, 1896, President M. I. jHonie presiding. Opened by singing,1 , Jesus the Giver." Prayer by Counselor E. Webb. Singing, We thank thee 0, God for a Prophet." Minutes of last meeting read and accepted. President-Home"I hope the Spirit will prompt you to speak one after another." Said she had "-0- 4 United States Senate, ' , fol- WrE '1". ' raised the emblem of, our sublime uuntry. in the Salt Lake, valley-- I have "Ui Jimwr of transmitting, by the kindness of Hon. Joseph--P.Smith', one of the two first flags made-fothe Wfar Department of the United stars. . With 'States, containing forty-fivall who know you, I am "thankful Ihatyoir have been permitted to see the day of: Utah's glory, that your hands can touch aiid y jur eyes'behold the beauty of this ensign as it now recognizes the wondrous achievement of a devoted people, "blessed by God and animated by patriotism, in their .struggles to make of a wilderness one of the mightiest states of the Union. Vours. affectionately, Frank "Tf . firkt , STAR INCLUDED. H th U.U.Us-Jjlt- , 