WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. ,tr. grandchildren of those who were in its establi shment.- 'T then told what Joseph Smith had Kimball ... N.m'vi' T . ... lalring - ctyof Irtiift her of bfanche s in tint Stake ofZion; tiurty three and all cloinu well;, the .iwr .were to well looked after, none suiiering, referred ., '..v some instances when on account oldcatn ana misfortune whole families were dependent realized the Relief Society had been a great . ; i . . 11 1 I , I 1 . ; 4 4 of-ou- r let-te- rs . - ' am u she theii wid "I waut to ask you want sucn a puiuung as i you i ... mm. (,,(1,,, cu : .me mouon na.. iu ul .AMo.nm .';tk! it was unanimous ; the tlif vntc speaker added V If you are alive to this, be proposition then see how much can ' uI1,c!oul.l be-- au n.-p.i.- .c-u.u..,- ; " Sister Zina I). II. Young, spoke of the sisters of Sanpete Stake building their large hall over the store in Ephraim, almost entirely without money they contributed all their Sunday eggs, some had sheep and gave wool etc. and in various ways raised 600, it was very wouderful reminded the sisters to consider the subject. After singing the dcxology the Conference adjourned until j.30 p. m. Benediction by p John Nuttall. - .E. Wki.i.s, Secretary, Bt" v, JOURNEYING IN DIXIE. t I Tiiouoirr a few lines from ' r. ru 1 - . C. Woodijury. A LKT'rKR "OP SYMPATHY. Mrs. A. S. Rogers. Dear Sister : . As Primary cfllcers in monthly meeting assembled October 2, we feel to offer you our heartfelt sympathy in this your double bereavement of your sister and husband; but more especially do we condole with you in the loss of of the former, because she was our beloved President and whom to know was to love. Wit yours - roktr-AVo- ' ;. V : S . . President Ann C. Woodbury, her counselor iunma Morris, of the Relief Society and Mary G. Whitehead, of the Primary Association of St. George Stake of Zion, left' St George to visit the --Western settlements, Sep. 1, 1896, arriving at Price Valley after traveling over a very rough road, at 4 p. m. held a meeting with the Primary Association and, had a very nice .meeting well attended .by parents and children. Iu the evening held a meeting with the Relief Society. Bishop Mower met --w i t ml- -t of--ei icou rage nie n ,tl:e sisters? Here we found Rosena Jarvis, President of Y. Iy. M. I. A. ; she had been holding meetings in some of the settlements. The morning of the 2nd. we met with the young ladies and had an excellent meeting. This is a lovely .valley and the .scriptures are fulfilled in the saying that Zion should be established in the tops of the mountains. We left the sisters of Price Valley feeling" well and arriveclat Pinto and held a meeting with the Relief Society at 3 p. m. Here the sisters generally turned out, we had a nice time. At 5 p. in. we met with the children of the Primary. Here the children are a credit to any settlement. In the evening we met with the young ladies and had an excellent-meeting- , in fact we had a time long to be remembered ' Sep. 3, we went on to Hamblin and ap-- " pointed a meeting to be held on our return trip. We reached Hebron aud held a gen eral meeting in the evening. Bishop Holt who is a live bishop encouraged us 'with his presence and also set an example to the young men that they did not fail to inii-tat- e ; had a very good meeting. ' We went to Sister Terry's ranch and spent the The 4th we. traveled do Clover, night. held a general meeting at 4 o'clock; on the 5U1 we left the little settlement of ClQver and arrived at Panacea met the genial Bishop Charles Reno who made 'us very welcome. We met with the Relief in the evening ; owing to the storm Society we had a slim attendance at themeeting. the.Cth we met with the Sabbath Sunday school s-a ,; this-par- t ' might interest the readers .ot the' Exio- - li-u- .,-,;- ' were invih-,t. r,He nresider - ouug ineii r . 1. i,m. a lf also met with us. We left Panacea on the 7th, arrived .al Sister Terrys ranch, t. had "for the night. uper.?ud went to Hebron On the Sth we started for Hamblin, held a ' Primarv. Tii. etinc at noon, organized had a good time, had dinner with xwr old friend SistCr .Campfield, traveled on to Pinto, found Bishop Knell very sick. We arrived in Grass Valley in left Pinto-antime to hold an evening luce ting-- with the people and organize a Young Ladies Here we found a nice, place Association. and a progressive people. They have. the advancement of children at heart. The 9U1 we left Grass Valley for St. George; feeling we had done, some good in urging the people to their duties. Kver, praying for the welfare of Zion, I remain your sister in the Gospel Ann Dear. Sister Wells ' i . .7 " ; I. ,,., i., -- 1 ; Elder r ' -- Co-o- W. -. - done." " s 1 tril-i-i-i school iu which .many iuii6rtant lessons were learned; referred to the bountiful 'harvest and thought the sisters should be on the alert and store up more grain during this year. Snoke most encouragingly concern ing the hree Kindergarten in Provo, said, " We have started it and we feel we shall make a success of it eventually, feel assured of it, of having a free kindergarten in' each ward ; children in these schools are taught such nice manners, and to he so kind and gentle, let me advise all mothers and 'grandmothers to encourage these schools.' ' President Elizabeth Fox of Oneida Stake rejoiced to see the sisters from the "North, the South, the East and West come to the Conference and enjoy the privileges of the Iu teaching and the spirit of the Gospel. that Stake they experienced some difficulty in getting teams especially to go long distances; spoke about wheat and the need there" was and would be of grain in times to come,-ayet had no granary but hoped to do better in the futuiespoke of-- - the giod work many of the aged sisters had done, and the hardships they had borne. Sister Zina I). II. Young made a few remarks and opened" out upon the subject of a suitable house for the sisters to meet iu to be owned by the Relief Society. Women had done so much" to help build other .houses for public purposes and to. build Temples, and when tin; President of the Stake, C. O. Card.dackedLJhtMiitjn p-TV ....... HI III lilt llltll ill,, Ay'jltlJ AlilJl. lilLA IJi llll.ll were to be discharged because there was no money to pay them, Sister Jane S. Richards raised five hundred dollars through the" Relief Society of Weber County to keep the men working, and it stands as a memento to the sisters of that Socitty forever. Sister Sarah M. Kimball wished sh could do justice, to 'the subject, in what she" wanted to say in her feelings she felt humiliated in regard to the failure of the meeting iu the morning. It was understood that we were to have Jthe Hall and permission had been given, but in consequence of a previous appointment which had been published the meeting could not be held. We need a house of our own,' owned and controlled by tire Society a house under the shadow of the Temple, a counterpart of "it. We have contributed to all public places that have , been built and at all times, but we want a house own suitable to the various purposes of this great organization ; we want the land to build on and it should be near ; and a house with conveniences for you my sisters who come from a distance, and where we are prepared to. entertain strangers when they come ; a bureau of information should be established in it, and a place, where can be written,- - and 'other things of this kind done that are an adjunct .to the Society. I ljimionly-- a few "minutes and don't expect to be here'again, the question lis being discussed whether you representative women who are here want this, building, and we want to put it to.vote." Sister . . ; . . JAA - after the sacrament had been administered .TMllKli lii.VlJTJ.WJ liMM' Whitehead of th. . co-labore- r, :. t-- to 7 : - - : are y,ou not woven in each other's lives? You huug on each other's necks in deep sorrow and in bitter trial. We can hardly think of you without glaucing over your past history. While you were suffering 'the pangs of maternal bereavement and paternal absence and enwe on Europe's f during shores were blessed with precious presence and wise eounsel of that loving father and bereaved .husband who was Tor the time being, as it were, torn from his tender flock to fill the important mission of presiding over the British Isles. And though a little child at the time we well remember a song being composed, expressive of the love and esteem in which he was held by the Saints. In said song he was desig- - ; English 44 nated Faithful One." What an honor. to be the children of such a father and a martyred motherj Think, you not, that the Lord watched over the little flock' of those sainted par ents and will reward those who sufier in His righteouuess ? yea verily And while your heart is wrung with sorrow which cannot be healed in this life, . Ellen s heart is failed with unbounded joy ; for as.it was said to, "father on leaving his great field of labor 44 Faithful one, faithful one, welcome him home,"' shall it be said to his dear daughter as she is folded in the arms of her parents in that happy home of which it is said, mob-violen- .far-of- ce, . " , 1 y-o- .. . And God shall wipe; away all tears hm their eyes ; and there' snail be no more deluh' neither sorrow, nor. crying, neither shall therebe , " 