,1 KXFONFNT. WOMAN' it; (If. disUubanee .ti, .t.vL uolitieal tvtftr? ' ' - w. .?iv,k'v -- t sj i-- which have been fer- iva.cn unm aie....hUhe,dl- shi en ei ule in reflwitf?" ' the.:okl parties one c; mnot help te7aclTei The smgitig was. s" aud" nlilrciiy the-nesun deploring, even though, I'tali sjx.cially fine" in loine jiarts and the little ' i, Uie horizon of the Western empire may carried but their part of the program remain secure ami' uudisUirbcd;.Mitely one "tots" recitations , gv(' 1 f. mil: use ANN ..: ife lis, Editor. . Jtlrtal Ctrtbutr, H'Ml.I.S CA.AO.V B vs ' in Salt Puhllshc ! Lake City, Utah. Terms: one cvpv one year, flJeo;' one copy six months, 50 cts." No reduction m.vl for clubs. City papers 'delivered by mtil, extra for postage one year, 25 cti. c::u-month- Advextislng-rates:--Eac- oce square, h one tirne, li.yy,- nonp---rei- ten-lines-"- per month, spunuo rexuij advrrjLrrs. 3.00. - A liberal l dis- - F.uild- - Exro.Nfc.vr cflfre, Kooms 227-- is.1 Constitution Z.C. M, I. Hushes hours from to m. a.m. 10 5 p evrry day, except Sunday, Aidrcs5n ti'isiiiess communications, to PL'ni.ISUKH WOMAN'S" EXPONENT, ' . ; Salt Lake Citv, Utaii. & f tng, MamStrcet.ospo,! . , at the Rnttre s 'tconj-cl- a l-- Of.ce in Salt f ate City, Utok, as t ' ru.'er '. Sai,takk . thk:vorld:':in iS. KDITOKLYL NOTES. COMMOTIO world Y. S. The poem by Lydia D: Alder entitled, .'U I sub-neadmg- . j i j Harwood in the day and commented upon, as against women knowing their true xsittou and standing 'according to the XIV amendment to the Constitution. Now the facts are that wo-- . meu throtighoufthe country knew how the law stood and tested it to its full extent. Miss Anthony tried the iourteeuth" amendment thoroughly, even. to imprisonment for attempting to vote.. The Supreme court of the United States decided this point long ago, and. Irom that court there is no other appeal. 'This subject lias come up in every Convention which 'has been held in WaSli- iiigtcn for a number of years, and it is very amusing that one of the greatest magazines in America should publish the article. As; to women's votes being counted out when voting for a President the fact has been proven, and a precedent established when.-thwomen voted in the state of Wyoming. ! i j I .FANNY'S' ' 15 A BY: . - century of "i hidden paths of wisdom are obscure, and only found by a few, who look upward light and search alter eternal, trutli, as the prophets of old, and who were despised and scoffed at, but whose words were revered by later genera- tious, and if profit by such les- rionshe nutsi bcNeeclr'lhe" L(rH in nil h u m il i iy ,t . Tm,-,,,;- j ' ! ' , The First Commencement Recital of the Salt Lake City.ajidAnna I ' T j Eliabelh-Speiicerr- who-- ' have Scriptures and believe in .the fulfillment of prophecy- not only' that "in the last days perilous times s'inli'mmp" but that ".such perilous times have already come, ami such wiue spread destruction that men heaits quake' fjrTear, and it is a vexation to ead of these tilings, and how much more so when' they 'are where one. must needs sjc, and feel them. It certainly does not to be a time of rejoicing, .when notwithstanding the efforts made by philantli'r(ipi.ts and reformers ' to create an era of jx?ace, the facts prove that "there is ' stuiiied-th- ' - -- 1 I " s-- em . A. Cannon's rendering of the Monks Magnificat" a brilliant success. "Molly" by-- Miss Spencer and "An Old Sweetheart of Mine" by Miss Cannon, were very pleasing; but that winch gave the best idea of their excellent work was '"The Apple of Life" by Miss Spencer and Ten- nyson's "Maud" by Miss. Cannon- - Other selections were successfully rendered and the entire program, was tvell carried out; that the young ladies were beautiful and the stage artistically decorated and managed it R. sav ' tA.-- I - 1 1 1 i : ; . . ! 5vu in tut. evening- was - cer- - ' 7 ' is 'say ing . j Closed his eyes where love was beaming And the happy smile was gleaming 'Earthly joy is Only seeming v ...'But the rest is sure and sweet, 's Baby happy, baby's singing Baby and his Grandma meet. Miss- - Babcock made a no peace,l7i;caiise of tlie"wlckedness that Tew remarks and explanations at. the close ' stalks broadcast and must of necessity pro- - and in a very graceful manner the gave voke thejvengeance of the Almighty, who .nnishmg touch to the entertainment by - r delights not in unrighteousness, and who awarding tliecertiffcates, will not be mocked. i' Tim txcrases aunng the The tenil.)le cvclone in St. Lotii ti ?C11U( Ui "iJL"11 JUi;c uavc ueeu more man usuallv terrific tornadoes in 'IVxin ni ; o, ,i Kansas, the disastrous fire in, Philadelphia interesting, and the public schools of th'p which iucurfed.'. loss of life", as well as j City have been writtem up in the' daily The schools in the property, the burning, of Crippie Creek , pa pers elaborately. Colcrado all these fatalities .seem near Country districts compare very favorably with those in the City. In, Farmer's Ward enough to stride ; liome to the ..hearts of all attainments were high, and the Who are interested in current events The - ; Hark! The angel's faintly singing On the air the notes are rinirin:; Up and dowai they now are bringing Garianls for the baby's brow. "Softly sleep, softly sleep," Baby's with the angels now. w is needless to youi. tears an i. u efpiTT His spirit's in the angels keeping Up among the stars.!'-'- "' Where he waits to see yoar coming "Peeping through the golden bars. tc.c sleep, y' Heie the roses all are blooming Some for the baby we will keep! - 1 ' is sweetly sleeping 7T'5ofi!y The openi'.ie musical exercise violin and piano duet by Katharine Romney and Dorothy Cannon was very effective Miss be And the angei's. voice - - The signs of the times warn tlkise h-- Bab's resting from his playing Sofdy in his ted he's laying, t Firaixir." fdrg n id a nee. Gh - Utah Soliool of IUocution was held at the' Social Haii on Friday evening June 12,1896. The graduates were Rose Anna Cannon, ' d !, rr ajpy . Fanny s . i 1 civilization,-th- one-woul- lun .c.a i j blossoms by the Reaper, Oft are gathered, like the sleeper; ' Ta ken home where love is deeper f Sheltered safe from every storm.' Choicest flowers are early gathered Placed where south winds, blow so warm i -- " - Darling. Fanny, safe's your treasure, Where love abounds without a measure, And life flows on with heavenly pleasure," Where rarest joys are now complete. Lift your heart and eyes to' Heaven, List! Your babv coo's so sweet. ' -- " ' ; May' number if the North American AV-- " vtu is being quoted by the newspapers of the "Mormon Tabernacle Choir in California, large was never in greater 'A story in verse" is a recital of the visit commotion than at the. present time; even although desolating wars are not raging so of the choir to the Pacific Coast, and very extensively as at some periods, yet there appropriately .dedicated to Professor Kvan are wars of various kinds, of the elements Stephens, their leader. It ,is a booklet of ofeaith and air, and of men's unbridled sixteen pages, fine clear type and very goxl A colored paper cover t:?d passions: fearful and terrible calamities, paper. cyclones; .floods, disasters by sea, and on with ribbon, gives it the appearance of what laud, until the very .atmosphere seems it really is, a souvenir of the Choir's visit to.'; freighted heavily with destructive forces of.' the land of the golden gate. The poem is s THE, many kinds. In view of all these things 'divided under several onels foiled to contemplate causes, and to JouuxEv, SAN Francisco, dice Montjc, look forward to results; to contrast that mont erey,homevaki. It isquite unique which exists today' with the history of the,' in delineation and very;smoothly written, past; and compaic it with the outlook for.; ne or two quotations break the rhythm of the future ot the world. .Verily knowledge the composition, but these were necessary to make it correct in detail. The choir increaseth and wisdom hideth itself, for hould acknowledge the merit of the- work, "Knowh dT.proi.d d he hasIearneJ so much ami each hayeaeopy as it isa historical poem Wisdom is humble that he knoTvs no more." Ineir entire trip, ana will ttius be nn.L nrLi Looking at the events trauspirins: around .1, u,t..r mr-r1the world touav, one ni'bt ' The buoKlei. is lor sale at; tne office ' of the: ; that with all tne boasted knowledge of this T,,tr,t, r n,ui nt n,;, The . The article by . - City Jitne,- i, r"; t ' The were wonderfully well. very creditable, .Master Geo. (J. Cannon gave a Military poem, and Master Hugene Sears "Life'sGameof Hall." Mr.. Short, Miss Hunrett, Miss Wade and other teachers deserve great crcdirfur. their, careful train.:.. briu-theing of the little ones in their parts to out so successfully. cannot help realizing she has .come into her times proud estate on. the eve of dangerous been to the nation, of which her people have so'pmud." : Ihif thVhbpeful "'should look for a hanpv outcome 'from tins aguatun ana The WOl'lleU of Utah Who comn)0ir,n ' . .Utlrnl rights. uavc.ju-jtyiut um; should be calm and dignitiea in me nnusi of the tumult of ideas and opinions, and exercise such 'prudeuce and caution in times of disorder and confusion, as will entitle them to respect at home aul admiration from all who desire to see order come out of chaos. !, ' , . ' , j , 