7 V't5M of Utah have recently been admitted, to full AN'S KXFQKENT Counselor Annie T Hyde, "I do not think I ever bore my testimony to the truth r r eiifranchinient, .therefore; sbe it, ' Resolved, that we extend to them our of this, work publicly.' But I feel to suy Uusris. tlie Avork or tue Iora. il we .neariy contra uS v full to call Mpoii jhayetmlajur sickness, if- we will; J th e t ri'e" LorTfilr" a; blessi ug' we will get it.'" I - en deavor to t M'.r.'j-- w'wtW,-:tliasisier m inecongregauon wiu. wiww.i justice done wo- manltnVss' that the promise of The Lord was sure, it of their action. we bear our testimonv that this is the work Y- of God. , Sister Forsythe, "I feel that we must.be-- I MEETING. com e. as one,' so the Lord will o w n us " - , . 1 ; ltejiitrby: ciffir expreuTxVttfeftf ;i - . i r C)etoler in'' company with my little S'JU, Lynue, reaching ..Denver the, next dav. .wheie I spent several jtby x with mv daughter who- - is teaching.' in one of tin public schools, aiid my son Robbie who i with her and attending school, Jiijoyed niy stay there ,.ve "yem C'i ry:-mc.-.a- i ftif ! . ' ' w: nvitnesstd numerous: parades one 'evtMiing7displa'. ; SEMI-MONTHL- Y' Meeting held ju the 1 4 li (Uas Ward Xov. His." ' J to serve, the . of. "The slaves of the. silver kings." I On the 19th, we took the' train for Pitt ' burg, the smoky , city of Pennsylvania having to lay over four hours at Kansas , Sister Hardy said, she tried i6th,'iS95, President M. L Home presid, Mrs Frank Lord.; "We are making a record every City, I met niy "Glorious ing:; Meeting opened by singing she much was pleased to see me day, I hope it will be a bright one. Wre Tower, . things of thee are spoken. " Prayer by Sis-- should trust each dtherAVe miist be huiu- - Has.it.was the1 first ter M r W. Wilcox. Continued by singing ble unto tfreend;!- L: agaiu moved on. to the grercT t5r6f St: Loui , "Where the voice of friendship's heard." Sister Nuttall said she feared to stand and where we remained six hours, while wait-in- Minutes of last and read approved. meeting we took a carriage drive through the of the Lord. Had been promisedPresident Home stated that our Secretary,. speak better health if she would stand and bear principal streets to suburbs of the city inSister Vilate Young had thought she would Said the spirit of the Lord cluding, Forest Park, enjoyed our ride and testimony. be here today, but she must be detained, was here. "I always feel to praise God sights of the. city very much. From hen: and Sister Alder has consented to act a and we crossed Illinois, Indiana, my native state glonly His holy name." little longer, when I trust Sister Young will Sister Reed, "I know that the spirit of and Ohio The prairies seemed exceeding!-.-tame- ' be back. Said she was pleased, to be here and common-plac- e the Lord is here, I want tolive and serve the after our noble this lovely da'. "We must be tried before mountain scenery, but the latter two .states" Lord:" the Lord to see if we will stand. We must Agister in the congregation said she was were crossed in the dark, we visited relative embrace the truth for the love of it. Those thankful that she had been faithful unto in Pittsburg" four days and 'then rode out who serve God will have strength to overthis day and desired.to press onward day by. twenty, five, miles to Valencia where L was come trials. We must watch as well as ' : met sister living,-;Mrs- . Hannali day. and Read the counsels pray, pray always. Sister Nunu, "I rejoice to be here today, Bailey whom I had not seen for forty years, of our Savior to His Apostles. We must and I feel better than when I came here, as may well be imagined it was a happy have these things always before us to reMav we put our trust in God and serve meeting. For two weeks we spentfhe time mind us of Him. I hope you will etnplo' in becoming acquainted, as it were, when-wthe time and bear your testimony if only a Him." ' Another sister said she was thankful for together started for Cincinnati. Here few"words spoken weakness. President we the many Instructions she received in these stayed three weeks with relatives. We Brigham Young tm$s4is to get up parties in sat down to thanksgiving dinner with iv.y and desired to acknowledge the this Hall as jfi&jyj had ever desecrated it; meetings, father's youngest sister Mrs. R. Walker. of God in all her trials. Let us thankpifor His blessings' which hand Sister Waterfall said she felt' that Satan Her only living sister Mrs. Margaret Heap He has poured out upon us." Sister Barrow spoke of the efficacy of prayer was on the path, may we live faithful and lives in Wyoming, and is a member of' our be able to come to these meetings, said she Church, the only one, she is about eighty and'jfdininistrations of the Priesthood. Sisters sang "Redeemer of Israel." Sister suffered with her heart, $ut Icnow our six years of age. The Ohio river had so Fame said she knew jthis was the work of Father comforts us in our trouble. Told of little water in its channel thatno boats were God. Felt to rejoice in the work. I honor a vision she had. Would to God that we running, so I wasdisappointed of riding on see eye to the river. be one. my father and my mother for they have might Sisters sang, "The Spirit of God likea It was a wonderful- - sight to ' taught us good principles. fire is burning. " see the numbers of barges, awaiting a rise Counselor B. W. Smith was happy to be Sister Elizabeth feel Paul to reioice Uloa t the two here. "The sister that cmrif tn thkmrpfin;xL all has been I that in never spoken today. rivers forming the Ohio were covered with are the wheat. Here they learn such good ' ' had a desire I than have to greater today, these fleets for miles. ' things. . I love to come here, xt I enjoy serve God, we need power from on high to On the twenty ninth of Xovember we the work in the Temple most. Our religion in live this day." Spoke of a wonderful came to this place, over the Valley Railroad, is first in our thoughts, I feel this is a Said the the entire distance choice he) use, I have had veiy happy hours manifestation given to her. winding up a river valley of date birth and was death, name, given here and some sad ones. I do not think reaching here at 7 p. m. whegvve were to a also related dream she had. her, met the Savior will come until pestilence and by the daughter of my 'uncie A..C7 Sister Sarah in the of spoke Phelps, gift Miller and cond uctfd - tn ht r h pi famine passes over the earth." Inlei Sister" - Sister Robinson said 1 know that the tongues. given by pi home where we received, a hearty welcome Paul. from the remainder of the family, uncle, When I go into the aneelS' are here. Sister McMaster said her health had not aunt and two other cousins. .Lfhcle ar.d house of the Lord, I feel that we leave all been have "I the of good, only Gospel aiint are both past seventy and raised five the cares of this world behind us, I know Christ to live for. I have Jesus never children never having had a death in the that this is the work of God. Made other : Latter-dadoubted this work." encouraging remarks. Sister Mary Mair, "I must bear my family. Sisters sang,' "The trials of the present .At this place I founds a cousin Mrs. of the truth of this Gospel. testimony to watch Saints and the day, require Elizabeth Bailey, who at 'eighty four lives pray." Sister Morris, said she had been away for May the Lord bless us and keep us humble. alone and attends to her: property and. Closing remarks by President Mrs. Home, ' business. a while, but her heart is always here, had William Beesley another jcoushiL been in this church for forty years, and "I announced that our stake conference after a few days drove over from the neigh WeeksT pray that I may' be faithful, also that we borhood of my old home and en route ue two weeks Closed by sink lor adjourned be u . nited we more to endure May may the - old hamlet of Mt. Carmel, the Benedic- - pass ing, Mid scenes of confusion, theend." home oLJhegifted -p- oetess. M Louisa Sister Larson, "I feel the sweet influences tion by Julia Howe. Llntwood, the pet of the noted George J), L. B. Alder, Sec, pro tern. of the Holy Spirit here. I wish to give iVentissTshe diecfat the early age of twentV- glory unto God, look forward for the re two. Here after a few days.m'y sister bade ward of the faithful, I do not want ,t.o SKETCH OF TRAVELS. me goodbye and returned to her home. look backward, may we be true to our God Amid these home scenes L met manyrelo-tiveand to one another." -- , BROOK VI LLE N I). JAN; 6TII. and" old; friends, 890. though a number Sisters sang, "Let us pray gladly pray." have Mrs. E. B. Wells: passed away, and some have moved toA sister in the congregation felt grateful other parts. I visited my childhood home to her Heavenly Father for the many blessDear Friend: I will endeavor to iriv'e and the home of my parents, emotions ten ings bestowedupon her. If we have faith you a brief sketch of my trip or viit Fnt for utterance1 strong cnnvdedTny bosom as in the hord we will have, the blessings.-- ' ' T left Salt Lake City on the tenth of last I entered that good old' house erected by mv -- sister-in-law- 1" time--"At-9;-p;"iv2- ; g - ' " . ' " - . by-my-on- ly . - e " -- . ' e-ea- at-Pittsb- ttrg 'I iiiat-tlieymi- to-mtr- rket, gh - - , 1 -- " . . y " " would-coneneTou- r -- - s , 1 1 . -- . 