WOMAN'S IN MEMORIAM. - h?g'h Whereas, Fvf mfeasdaLe.' Wayne Co., Utah.. She leaves a for her wi?e teachings and e.x.iin; u c acknowledge her !oi and h n'ondrdiii L-int- 'tKr hus- - J , f j I , "ilierefore be it. Resoived that we deeply synv pathize with her bereaved fa mily and friends, and further Be it resolved that these resolutions be record-- I ed in the records ofthe Relief Society, and the Voung Ladies Journal, and that copies be sent to fe Woman's Exponent and to the family cf the : SappTio M'itK A A .barpifiV:ie hand land of lilies, as I thought, in the other, leap, ingfroiu tlitr Leucadian reck into theyawn-'inabyss below; many 'a time bave I fallen t in uij ...41111.4 iuiiv miti tiivvp in the. .very' act cf I motion ing saw her springing 11110 me water,, aer uress actually fluttering in the wind, I am sure I must have wearied my mother with the endless queries. I put to her about Sappho; why slie wanted to throw herself from the rock, and what love Was, or Cupid that, made her do.it; and why she sung sweeter than all the Greek maidens? and 'every other imaginary question. Rut. in nui am.i iruin 1 dh never (juuc yet, nor are any of those who hanker after the unattainable,' the mystery of mysteries. I hope some time the: secret of Sappho will t ... u o.il ujai tiit tcuv elioll .! .Uiu uiiu .jut iT LilildtCHU, jiiun Crr and was' really a creature of flesh blood., and ideal. not a myth or siinpiy an g jiiv-ii- ii 1 - " ' j boautilul coloring,' and the nf mvrv nTitlinr nf li.r oi v r isa yes. two daughters and five band anci mourn her departure 'friend to with many .sons, " from this life, Our beloved sister was second Counselor to the President of the Teasdale Relief Society, and was ever desirous to do a good part She was very gene rtK, and a friend. to the poor I deceased. ' : Hannah T Clafk, ) She was highly intelligent, and had faithin the Committee Ar defend was to of the villa Perry, ever'ready Gospel; principles ' , Lemira Collins, j the cause of truth she had embraced in early M. Sec. ento same and Emily the her Clark, family, youth, and taught Assoin active an the part couraged them to take RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. ciations for the youth; of Zion. She was favored some years since, with a day vision; her spiritual To the memory of' Sister Janet Laird Jenkins and she beheld father. her were Sne took (who who departed this .life March 2$tb, opened, eyes was dedd) in the spirit world preaching the Gosbed and to her passed "peacefully away Tuesday aft ir noon. Deceased was born January pel surrounded by a large audience of 'people, Saturday who were attentive listeners. This made a- strong 13th, 1821, at Kinnaird, Larbert, Sterlingshire, impression upon her mind, and she realized the "Scotland, married to James IL Jenkins in 1S42. "viCarous labor being done in the, life beyond; and Was baptized in the church May 27, 1047 hy Peter r before her death was very desirous to attend to .'Moffet at .Ardrie Lanarkshire Scotland. .Confirmed by James Wilson May 30th, 1S42 Temple work; She was a devoted wife and a much all was and respected by loving mother, Emigrated to Utah in 1S63, arrived m Goshen who knew, her. May her fa mil v emujate'her pre-- , 1S64. Deceased was the mother of thirteen cepts and example, for she died as she had lived, children, s.ven of whom preveded her to the a faithful Latter-da- y Saint, 'true to the eause of .spirit world. There are sixty-sevegrapd truth, and she will receive the pleasing and just children and twenty seven great reward which is promised by our Heavenly FathShe endured many hardships in the old world, er to those who endure faithfully to the end. crossing the plains and, in this country; but she J. S. C was ever firm and true to the gospel; was always a very devoted and. loving wife, living in peace and harmony with her husband for nearly fifty OBITUARIES. years and when he. .was incarcerated in the Utah pennitentiary for. conscience sake five years KI.SOLUTIOXS OF KESPECT. ago last October, was their first separation and when in the following February he was We the Sisters of the Cottonwood Ward Relief brought, home a corpse, her grief was intense; Society, do deeply feel the loss of our beloved but she doubled her energy in the gospel, doing sister and president, Emma Morris, "whom God everything she could to carry out his wishes, our Heavenly Father has In His infinite goodness helping care for his young 'family and never tiring and .mercy, seen fit to call from our midst. in performing her church duties. She has been a Be it resolved that we as a band of sisters, emu"faithful member and teacher in the Relief Society late her worthy examples, and her kind and from the beginning; always loving to attend her motherly counsel; she was indeed a mother to the meetings better than.anything else. Whereas it has pleased our Heavenly Father to needy, a comforter to those cast down in trouble; a true and sincere friend to all that knew her.-- , We call away our beloved sister and to a sinccrly sympathize, with the bereaved children; higher sphere. at the same time we ourselves feel, that we have Therefore be it resolved that wethe ofdeers and lost a mother. members feel the loss of such an energetic work- er in the cause of Lord, for her very 'last MenTariatrsTceswe this earth was in performing' her duty as teem of our departed Sister Emma Morris, who a visiting teacher oTlTTeKietSoci-jtvyet we died at Morgan, Utah, Jan. 6, 1896, that having realize she has gone to reap a glorious reward in been her former home; but she had been a resithe Celestial Kingdom of God. dent of Star Valley, Cottonwood Ward, for the Resolved that "we try to emulate her good was ofthe President also and seven years, works that we may be able to past example and Relief Society of this place. ; She was very enerwith our beloved sister again. meet Resolved that we extend our sympathy to the getic and faithful in all her duties, and a Saint in very deed. She left here the first of last June, to bereaved family and earnestly pray that the holy care for some sick relative, who resided in Morspirit of God may rest down upon them that they gan. Her time was spent in doing .good among may walk in her footsteps ar.d be prepared to her relatives and friends, until she was taken sick again meet with their beloved mother and comand died after an illness of about three weeks. ' panion. She was a kind and loving mother and sincere a that Resolved copy of these resolutions be friend to all associated with herl Aged 56 years, sent to the family, one be published in the Wo11 months, 6 days; she leaves 7 children, 15 grandman's Exponent and one be inserted upon our children and an aged father and mother, and a records. host of .friends to mouin her loss. She died as "As a teacher she faithfully guarded that trust, Saint beloved she bad lived a faithful Latter-da- y Her motto was wear.out but never to rust, by all who knew her. last work she did was in filling this call, The "' C. . . As an angel of mercy with blessing for all." seven-children- witlrits glow ; .VeadinBkata!l tw?k to give a helping hand, and' In memory of Maria jane Cbam'ri.ljeloved- - wife Wade, and Mary'Kirkbri"!& Tan. rr tScVi in vlr Citv died eeem, EXPONENT, . j , - mu-mii- u, 1 " n . . . grand-childre- The best knowledge of .Sappho extant is that she lived and flourished before the Christian era.- reaching the zenith of Tier It was. during fame about. 610 B. C. ner Jite time jeremian oegan to propnecy, , - -- , anti Daniel was carried away to Babvlon. Solon was legislating at Athens, .and Tar- umius Pnscus, the iiitli king,- is said to have been reigning over Rome. She lived before the birth of Guatuma, tire founder of Buddhism. It is not strange that twenty-fiv- e centuries should have made her record" ' unauthentic. It is almost wonderful that anything even legendary should be left of one who lived so long ago, and who was One, only a woman, and a writer says had it not been for the quotations of lex ?eo2 rankers and grammarians no word of hers would have survived; al- . , uiougu nis:cfy says tier writings were pre- - -served intact, until j6o A. D., xand r mcro toe Ihft A rhdtiiiti rrtmtn nritit wrote about that trme7savs"in His AfftF-Xai- s co-work- er : poet-songstres- . work'.--dooeo- there is .no confirmatory evidence, that the works of Sappho and other lyric poets were burnt at Constantinople and at Rome, in the year.1073,. in the popedom of Gregory Vi iCordan says the burning took place underGregory Magianzen, about 380, A.D. Bishop Blomfield, who is an acknowledged authority, thinks they must have ' , -- - Ellison Gourley, ) Mary Dodds, Committee. Lucy Taylor. ) - . . , HEK LIFE ''j' r an p.works: m -- " A A W V A. A - hundred- (Preamble?) So little is really known of Sappho, that one is compelled to depend upon what has beeu handed down, which is partly legendary, and very many people only consider Sappho a myth. To me, as a child Sappho was a reality, and an ideal creature at the same time. I can scarcely remember young was 1 when I first heard Sappho talked of, nor when I first read her name underneath the picture which humg-- the little chamber or nursery where I slept'. I recall it now , ' been destroyed at .art early date, because neither Alcaeus nor Sappho are annotated uv any ui uie iuier , grammarians. The OriP"!!! nr mnw p n1n - - of Snnnbo w iq J .JV tU Q Herodotus says her fatherxivas mythical. Scamahdronymus, biit Suidas, Who compiled a Greek lexicon in eleven ,-gives-us "seven "other names. Her mother's name was Cleis. It is possible too that she was born atMitylene the chief city of the island of Lesbos, an island in the Agean sea. Strabo in his geogra- pay says Mitylene, formerly produjeed cele brated men, such as Pittacus, one of the wise 1 SAPPHO. ' 1 Breathing love, that sweetest Sappho sung." " . 1 "Had Irarnedby heart completely all the song, -- TQ,the memory of Sister Polly Carter, who departed this life March 24, 1S96, at her residence in illness, ProvoCity, after one year of lingering suffering with catarrh of the stomach- - She was the wife of Pomiriicus Cartera Pioneer of Utah. Sister Carter was born in NewvLondon, Huron County, Ohio May 6, 1S31. She came to Utah in 1852,. with her mother Tamma Minor, and the family, her father having died Jan. 3, iS8, not far from Boneparte, on the Des Moines River. She, with her parents, endured the buflettings of the early Saints. Her. mother was sick and practically an invalid, and on her at an early age" devolved the responsibility of caring for the family of five, as well as a s'ck mother, now, Therefore, we the members of the Relief Society, wish to express the honor and respect entertained by us for her as a true friend. She held the office of a teacher in the Relief Society since its first organization in this the 3rd Ward of Pro" . ve: . of the Y. L. M. I. A., in member a also She was which she was very much appreciated and held in i mat ne too, - RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. -- 1 1 . . s. , ; g;d - - rof " the-choice- " i , ; men A1rapii tViA Wf- nA fViot-c'pfAffin- i- porary with these flourished Sappho, who was something wonderful; at no period within memory, has any woman been known, who in any way, even in the least degree, could be compared to her for poetry. ' ' - ' 