W.OMAN'S 14f EXPONENT - my letter future.you wrought with a V.oriaus. sun;'"" m, . .Wtvv-.,.-,Tt''-M- -ed . ' - , Hu,t.vf;,VimiiWi ;the.4f;t is approaching, ' -- ; And soon the great battle is woo.. . ' o (. - : . And, if the fattier should call me first dear, To cross over the dark ravine; You'll place in my hands lying folded,--' Some violets and myrtle so green. . , R.M. F - n in all the pracliraife .for. free distribution to the. people of the State;-alsto provide, instructions in, reeling J in each county raising one hatred- pounds 1 of cocoons; to provide reliable eggs; and in every way encourage those engaged in this '' industry, arid pr&vide trie best possible mar- ket for reeled silk and cocoons until it can be consumed by manufacturers in our SERICULTURE. ' State. It shall also be the duty pf this commis-- ' sion Jo render an auuual report to the Secre-- ' ' V ' tary of State. Sec. 6. For the purposes mentioned in Sections 4 and 5 of this Act, the said commission may use such sum as they may deem requisite, and not to exceed the sum of one thousand dollars in any one year. Sec. 7. The sum of three thousand dolor lars per year, out of any moneys now-inwhich may hereafter come into the treasury, excluding all school moneys, or so much thereof as may be necessary to carry out the provisions of this Act, is hereby ' appropriated for the purposes of this Act. The auditor shall draw his warrant upon the treasurer in favor of the person or persons entitled, upon the certificate, showing a compliance with the provisions of this Act. Sec. 8. Any person who shall knowingly swear falsely to any matter or statement in any section of this Act, shall be guilty of there is still time to set out slips; so that in niew years we will have thousands of ."ntw trees growmgiu are very sorrytio doneje by frost in the Southern part of the State, but still hope, the people of that part may raise an encouraging crop of silk this year. We will be pleased to. gye any information to parties communicating, with us, that-wilassist therein; raising silk. mpilp'rip 'lKrtflhia l A. CAiNE,;Sec. Margaret . THE ESTABLISHMENT OF SERIAN ACT CULTURE IN THE STATE OF UTAH. of the State Be it envcted by the Legislature , of Utah, : ." ' , Section i. That for the term of ten years after the passage of this Act, there. shall be paid out of the State treasury to am corporation, firm or person engaged, in the prothis duction of cocoons of the silk worm-i'.for cents each State, a bounty of twenty-fivin the State, un-- . pound of cocoons produced der the conditions of this Act. Sec. 2 Xo bounty shall be paid for co- coons not produced by worms fed entirely upon the leaves of the mulberry tree, nor shall more than two thousand dollars be paid for bounties tinder the provisions of this Act in any one year. See. 3. All claimants shall, froin time to time, as the board' may prescribe, ille verified statements with said board, showing the quantity and quality of the 'cocoons for which bounty is claimed,; the place and county where and the conditions under which the cocoons are produced, including the species, and eggs produced, together with any other information required by said "board to enable them to make and preserve a complete and reliable record ot the pro-- , gress of silk culture in the State' Sec. 4. The Governor shall appoint a committee to be known as the Utah Silk Commission, to consist of five persons, not more than three of whom shall be; of the seme political party, who shall serve without compensation, aixl who .shall hold their office until their successors are appointed and qualified. The members of said com mission shall, except in the case of those first "appointed." hold their office fo years, and until their successors are appoints ed and qualified. Those first, appointed shall hold office for one, two, three, four and five years respectively, and until their successors are appointed and qualified, the length of time each appointee shall serve to be stated by the Governor at the time of the appointment of said commission. Each member, of said commission shall give a bond; running: to the State with sureties to be approved by the Secretary of State,, in the sum of one thousand dollars conditioned for the faithful performance of the duties of the office. The Governor shall have may, occur iii power to fill any vacancy that " said commission; Tt shall be the duty, of said commission or its duly appointed, representatives, to examine all cocoons for. which bounty is claimed, and after such examTnatious to7 render a statement under oath to the Secretary of State, showing the quantity, grade, and quality of the cocoons upon which bounty shall be paid, and the name of the party or corporation entitled thereto. Sec. 5. It shall also be the duty of said commission to cause to be published, in book or pamphlet form, explicit instructions. n e . . . - N . -- , perjury. The Secretary of State in his discretion" may, at any time require the .'statements of claimants to be supported by the affidavits of other persons having a knowledge of the facts.. 7 Sec. 9. This Act shall take effect upon its approval. Approved April 4, 1S96. - AX IMPORTANT INDUSTRY. U. W, P. C. The regular meeting of the Utah Roman's Press Club,, was held at the office of the Woman's Exponent, March 31, 1896, E. B. Wells presiding. Ojieued with prayer by C C.R, Wells,. Roll call answered by sentiments. The Secretary read the Jiinutes .which wereLapprovedMiscelLiii,-eoubusiness was next in order, and the name of Miss S. L. '.Monroe was presented and unanimously accepted as a member of the Club. A letter ::i iheTtah' Federa-- ' then read tion of Woman's Clul" w the topic Ur the Annual Meeting, the subject Unu' 'jA ut. some clubs in the "The Proident explained the iYcrcnr.;":vo origin and object, for the - lienefit f the :mv members.-- An invitation was read from Mr. L. S. Dickiu-- . scn to the Club, to hold their next meeting at her residence. It v.h moved and carried that we accept the. invitation with thanks. DrY Curtis then recited an original poem in-very pleasing manner; this poem to the ladies of the U. W. ?. C. This was followed by a paper, ''George on Jefferson," by Henry George, relating to the Single Tax. This was followed by an interesting discussion in which the mem " be rs took part. Pres. E. B. Well .gave her idea on the single tax question, saying, it is a tax on land according to its value, it is growing in faVor and may, perhaps, eventually prevail; but it does not constitute all the knowledgeof politics we need. Lanre land owners object to'single tax lands valued by their location, and not by their . buildings. The one permaueuTidea is to cx;mpt labor and put the burden on the wealthy land owners, because the present status 'shows the small land owners to be at the mercy of those who own large sections of land. Single tax prevents the former class evading taxation.-PresidenBrigham Young's idea was for every one to own a small amount of land and cultivate the small buildings.' The one question-arises"Is. single tax unconstituti;. onal?" The Secrttary then read a chapter on parliamentar' law, followed by discussion. Mrs.'Ella W. Hyde made amotion which wa carried, that the President appoint the delegate to the federation . The President then appointed Dr. Ellis R. Shipp to represent the Utah W. P. C. and to report the yearns - work. Laura Hyde, Pearl Rus sell Olea Shipp and Edith Rossiter to serve on the committee for refreshment and decorations. The appointment of the lady to give the paper at the Federation was postponed till, the business meeting on the; ' 15th of April. Adjournment was next in order; benediction was pronounced by Maria W. Wilcox. -. 1 .Ellis R, Shipp, Sec. : - .. s S ,as-signir- g art-doin-g rat.i . a being-dedicate- d ; There is no, doubt but all those who. in the past interested in silk, are been have aware of the fact that a bill for the estab- hshment ot sericulture in U.tan, was passed by the last Legislature, and will make themselves familiar .with the provisions o the bill. The Commission appointed are very anxious to have just as much work on for this - yea 1. lone raising cocoons is now upon us, and we have decided the most we will be able to do this year, will be to publish in . the Woman's Exponent, some instructions to those wishing fo commence work at once. We are also prepared to furnish a limited amount of eggs to those who wish them. Persons desiring to obtain eggs from, the 'Commission, will write at once to' Mar-ga- r t A. Caine, 732 S., 5th East, Salt Lake City, and state the number of trees,, and-agof the trees from which they can obtain leaves; also the number of persons they expect to have assist them in the work. If you are not a subscriber for the Woman '$ Exponent, we will send you the papers containing information which' will be of use to you. The establishment of this industry will j also bring a new work for the Horticulturists, as the raising of the best varity of mulT berry trees will in the future be a very important matter. For the present old trees should be well trimmed to cause the leaves to gro w thicker upon the branches, and contain much more of the essential properties, than by letting them remain ihHhe old bushy state. In some parts, of the State, as-possib- The-seas- le e ... - j j - - - -- - t : - " v 