r 1 member rf the Rc; ... Awny tak therefore;? filled the m Knowing, we will think of thee, For many years to come; Thy smiling iace, we ne'er shall see, For God has called thee home. the. of the Relief her faithinlncs . society iio'eru , i r ! leu v, a.m CAjMrM ho earnest nope that this great bereavement may be over-ruUand . d for-goo- Resolved that we tender. our sympathy to the bereaved husband and children who are deprived of the care of the beloved mother. Resolved that a copy of these"' resolutions be sent to the family also that it be published in' the Woman's" Exponent, and one be entered on the records of the Society. v Clark; Km ma Featherston'k. Charlotte Shelley, j , Scsan - Charlotte " - . Boden, Pre-iden- t . Roxey L Blackburn, Sec. - 1 Luna h(juiRS. Alice N. Rosenhafmj Committee. Died at Lyman. Fremont 15th, 1896. alerjujAiitJJi-h- y Co, Idaho. March ship and faith, hoping to have a glorious ressurec- tion. ' . Rest m peace dear Miha, our work is nobly done, Life's battle has been fought, ' ".Eternal peace well won, of her death. She embraced the Gospel under tne instructions and ministrations of the prophet Joseph Smith, in Philadelphia. Pa, at an early day. he was married to Mr. Win.' Wimley in Philadelphia and bore to him a son and a daughter; the latter survives her mother and resides at their old home. Mr. Wimley, finding his wife to be a firm adherent to the faith, and that she could not' be happy' away from the 'Saints, furnished in the spring of 1S70, and she came to this where sbe has resided ever since. She for city, sook a home of luxury and joined her destiny with this people. She has ever been true to the principles she espoused.- - Numbers of Elders can testify of her hospitality, while all the Saints who knew her cannot fail to revere her memory. Another noble ; life is spent, - ' A little over fifty years ago the first woman medical student began her course of ;tlf"l Vet walked in ways of righteousness. Who can tell of the lonely years Through which she'passtd with patient trust: Ah! Who can tell her hopes and fears? And yet we know that God is just. But we can tell that grief, and pain Did fit her for her after life; :. And too we know hopes are not vain; ' "'y'' For she has gone where hopes are rife.. ; Where faith and hope, and love reaeb'out To gather all within the fold; Until each heart is linked about, ; With bands more pure than purest gold. Rest, noble spirit, rest be thine,. ' Until thy soul is satisfied; And then come forth in joy. divine-Tdwell with beings sanctified. o Then thou shalt stand like Joseph's sheaf To which his brothers all did bend; Where none shall question thy belief, And joys supernal never end.. . Ruth O 1 4ln. A i 1, M. Fox. promises to command more than ordinary attention. The story is well conceived, forcibly written, and abounds in sage reflections on the social disorders of tli e: age, interwoven in xbe web of romance. It is the work of a writer who is in close touch with the world, and is rich in hits at the political and social conditions that prevail in American society;, withlts feverish race for wealth and position, and defiance of individual rights. Love, intrigue, marriage" and divorce are its chief themes, with oc' casional comment levelled at political corruption , the money, power and its men , ,1 . . scattered over tnevvorld pursuing their profession with most signal success. There-arnot less than eleven law schools in the United States' open to women, and twenty-fiv.Spates and Territories admit women to the bar; As to the rest we can-- . they are excluded, for as a matter of fact," they have not applied except in Virginia, which for three years has steadfastly refused to grant admission to a lady lawyer. There are two hundred women nine of lawyers in the United States whom are admitted to practice before the Supreme Court. Every known profession, occupation and trade seems now open to women in some part of the civilized world. e e not-sa- y tp-da- Another life of sacrifice. A life that knew what sorrow meant, ace. ed her-mcan- s . " . - & Co., New York, have in pres,s a novel by :a new writer, entitled ';"rhe Woman and the WTorId," that up by . 8l, Lovkix Brothers of respect. the Relief Society in loving remembrance of Sister Brighamina Christenson." Resolved, that we honor and cherishjher many virtues, peace and charity covered her as a mantle and - beamed from - her countenance. - We acknowledge the hand of God in our loss. Her charms endeared her to us all and we shall miss her in pur meetings. W'e tender our sympathy to the bereaved husband and parents. Resolved -- that a copy of- - this resolution be placed on file in our Record book and a copy be sent to the Exponent for publication, snd a copy E. A. sent to her husband, : Deseret News, Please copy. " .. Fox, 5. 45 p. m. . 1 The following resolutions were gotteji, V. " Urighamina Christenson, beloved wife of Neils Christenson, and daughter of Mary Ann and Christen Christenson. brrf in Denmark, Jan. 13, 1S67, came to Uiah 1S78, married Jan. 22,v vi3Ss". in the "Logan lemple. She was anexemplary woman, patient, ving and kind, bein a teacher in the Relief Society. 'and Second counselor in the Y. L. M. 1. A. which callings she . honorably fulfilled. ' RESOLUTIONS the residence of Jessie 1 of general debility, after a lingering of less illness than two months, Sister- Amanda Melvina Wirnley, daughter .of. Samuel and Elizabeth Brooks Baker, of Pennsylvania. Sister W'imley was born in Philadelphia. Pa., July 3, 182j, and was in her 76th year at the time . - committee. Fourteenth Ward of this city, at an. 17, rs Roiiiik-wl-thrtt-- 1 personal property she might have previously had. If a woman wrote a book the copyright of the sime belonged to her husband and not to her. No married mother could have any right to her child, and in most Statesof the Union this is the law But the laws as to the personal and property rights of women have been greatly changed and improved; and we are very grateful to the men who have Wrought this change. The last half century has gained for women the rights to the highest education and entrance to all the professions and occupations or nearly so where competency is establish' " JN MFMORIAM. J . Rokison, F. Thomi son, J 1r-(r- n to-da- W'lMLEY-- At Brigham City, May 12th, 1857. 'Died January 29th iSrvafter an illness of one month. She was a faithful worker in 'the different associations from her childhood, having "held responsible position;, in the Sunday .School and Primary Association. At the time of her death she held the position of teacher and treasurer of the Relief Society, Counselor to the President of the Scandinavian Society of Hrigham City, and also one of the aids in the Primary Association. Sister Mortensen was beloved by all who knew her; she was a friend to the poor, ever ready to minister to their" wants in any possible way. It was a pleasure to visit her home for all was peace and love. For several years previous to the death of her father, she lived with him. She was untiring in her care and devotion, ..sacrificing much fur his comfort. She leaver a husband and three children besides a host of .relatives .and friends to " mourn her departure. Since God in his infinite wisdom and mercy has seen fit to remove to another sphere of action, our respected and beloved si.ster. .Susannah M. Mor- tensen, Wre her desire to express our appreciation of her. virtues and the great ioss we .have, sustained. She was a dutiful daughter, a . devoted wife, a wise mother; and filled all the different positions to which she was., called in an exemplary manner. Therefore be it resolved that we tender our sincere sympathy to her bereaved family. Resolved that her memory shall ever beheld in loving remembrance by. her fellow laborers. cnoy if tiu.se resolutions be in the Second Ward Relief record placed upon; Society, a copy sent to the Woman'sExponent and a. copy sent to her family. - : Hannah in the was born in . ' Elizabeth Atkinson, President. Committee. Mortensen Lelie Robinson could' be admitted . Jo the FiftV Vrenri ncrix tlir itiintir. heaped upon women was appalling. A wire by her, marriage lost, all rights to any brir. Anna Olsen', D. Sister Susannah . Uur loss is heaven's ain. . i -- Kllkn 141 Although we miss you sadly, Since your parting gives us pain; uur iLcvehiy father to fo a hL-h-r snhere g K NT. I. ,,cietyr; ha vin '.ijiiwH-- yaMKX PON Vt rW.: TV y, . Professor, Lecturer, Journalist Mechanic, Architect, Sculptor, Painter, Merchant and in fact,, whatever she chooses to do or nn. derta'k'e, she is permitted In view of this entire revolution in her social status, should-shnot logically possess the same civil and legal rights,' and be subject to the same civil and legal liabilities? There are twenty-fivout of a total of t States and Territories of our union where women en joy some lorm ol Sullrage. in Canada wonien can -- vote for all the length and breadth of the dominion, although no married women can vote except in Manitoba and British Columbia. The women of all the. Colonesi .of Great Bfitian. from Caoe Colon v to New Zealand enjoy Municipal Suffrage. In Ice land as in Wvonnnirand Colorado and also in the Isle of Man, women enjoy full and equal suffrage with men; Theatre of consent which in many states has been placed at the age of 10 years has been raised by very recent legis lation to 14 and 6, and the first Woman : Colorado presented a bill legislator in raising it to 18 years. For the better protection ofjvomeiijLinder arrest, police matrons have been placed in the station houses of some'of our American cities, to take charge of those, women during their detention. Laws have been made forbidding women to work near dangerous machinery as formerly; la vvs requiring shop keepers 40 provide seats Tot , saleswomen. A married woman is now protected from the violence of her husband by 8the legal right given her tq prosecute him for assaults upon her.' The old theory of thehusband's right to chastise his wife has disappeared from English and American laws,. The e forty-eigh- Muniripal-officenT-throug- hout 1 " : -- e 