WOMAN'S .iJJ' 4V Marcft with Jt3 dwoa- zj&zzja tinel columns of red granite,its Palace of the tau eanrpai we"saw Doges - frornfajf Conference, Sister Card met with the 01 ssooaivuii, Uie-von- lik.-whi- df -aua uj, - d.fnj- tl:fmitel'rcrltaTi was first to arriver 3ly(6ndbla EXPONENT offi- - .au. . ... ..il... .: A iiiuuuo uiiu; .'o uays. tone embraced the gospel iinNewv York State, in an early day. Afterwards she became a m Y.lUdy newly organized Stake 11 V. ui'z.. cuis, H iheveuuig.the j Auntie .Barton,, as an illness ot six day she was familliarly called, vas born Oct. . " 4 A Conference. Board took charge of this meeting, Sister plural wife to the Prophet Joseph Smith. Ann Tate having lately resigned as President Naomi Gillett having been elected to After hisdeath she married Joseph Barton, that office with Sister Susannah Dunn and by whom she had five children; two died before she reached Utrihabout 1858. When President Ellen Parks as Giilett readv a brief 'journalistic report of she reached Parowan about 1865, another the labors of herself and Counselors in visit- of her little flock was called home leaving ing and holding meetings with .various her with two daughters, her husband did branches of the Association, since December IJUL CUUic Willi uci iu 111c vaiicjr . wIJC OI last: Verbal reports were also given by these girls was unusually bright and p.re- vprcrp . r ' ntifl wliPti Jitmt nti thp o nf' r presidents of branches; besides "which a rnQitr(T marriage Delia, her mother's favorite comchoice; program was rendered. 4jy membeis of the Association. panion and comfort, was called to join her brothers and sisters who had gone before.' Primary Conference was held in the foreSiste Barton's grief was almost uncontrollnoon of Friday March 13, at which Stake President Louisa O. Hale presided assisted able, for she was worse than alone as the remainingchild caused more care and anxiety by her Counselors M. T. Atkins, and Loutheirthan an ordinary family who-haisa Fawson. The first part of the meeting was devoted devoted mother never was; never complain- to branch and Stake reports of a very satisfactory nature. Then followed a program with a more than jealous the selections and rendition of which did girl r nrovltinr flint clin 'triirrlit ft rAncto ti rtif r"iro great credit to boih officers and members. At each of the meetings mentioned above, live her child, dreading the idea" of having vut uuc ivi instructions and exhortations were offered ner iciu iu an uiuui. Almira since was restored waned by the visiting sisters as well as by several years have to her mother's little circle all now having who are residents of the Stake. The interest of the meetings was much enhanced by eone to that "Beautiful Beyond." On this occassion .Auntie. Barton exclaimed "Thank the cheering presence and encouraging words of Bishop Wrathall of Grantsville, .God my prayers have been answered, I am Stake Superintendent of Sunday Schools, now willing to go when Father wants me. ' Since living in Parowan Sister Barton has Gustave Johnson, and other leading brethnever had to wondtr where would her food ren. The Grantsville Choir also contributed come from on the morrow, she has been comfortably taken care of by the church, largely to the effectiveness of the Conference, by the rendering of delightful music and for several years has had help to do her and singing.H VilV t 114 f ll.l VVlAi Ull had of circle a was an elderly lady friends, quite appropriate finis Friday evening whom of time to our this bishop always told her to invite refreshing, given, enjoyable as often as she chose and he would see that m tuc mi ill ui rvu uiu l dsmuiicu xvauv.t, .1 ' i the proceeds to be given to the poof" At .1. . 1.. il. . she was naturally very cheerful and seemed this party a goodly number of the ladies, (and gentlemen as well,)' were dressed in to enjoy life very much. Shs was' prepar-- " old fashioned costumes of various styles. ing to go to the St. George Temple, to work when she was suddenly stricken 'with a Several of the girls had their hair done acto some paralytic stroke which resulted in her death. cording to old time custom, which Plain was very becoming.' (fuadrilles and She was beautifully laid away in the best "the dances were fashioned order material that could be procured. other old Amonc of the evening to some extentj-aiid-th- e at thf funeral services was time spirit of sociability made all feel at Aunt Paulina Lvmaii who - had been inti home and happy. mately acquainted "with the deceased since One feature of progress in Grantsville is 1841. The closing sentiments of one of the a neat adobie hall just being completed, speakers was, "May we all be as well preREPORTS FROM G R A N TS V I L L E . the lot with which it wrhicli,:together upon pared, to go home as was Aunt Almira stands, belongs to the Relief Society. The Barton," to which many hearts responded. On Thursday, March 12th i896t the brethren have generously donated the entire Relief Society of Tooele Stake held its work of building and finishing the hall, the Amen. 4 li. Crank. Watson. Quarterly Conference Mn the Grantsville Society furnishing the material only. In Parowan, March nth 1896. Meeting House. Stake President, Mary A. this respect at least, there are other branches Hunter and First Counselor Rhoda Lyman which might pattern after Grantsville and conducted the meetings which were held in do well. . the forenoon and afternoon, and were spiritA visit to the Grantsville Sunday School ed and instructive. Lom don, .March 23. Thomas Hughes, Marked improvewas very gratifying. Because of ill health, Second Counselor ments are place in that important Qt C. , author of "Tom Brown's School taking Ellen Anderson, was unable to attend the Days," "Tom Brown at Oxford," and the . In the .Primary organization. department meetings; but at her home were very cordia subdivision is contemplated, wherein a founder Of the British settlement Rugby, Zina-Y- . v Sisters entertained Card and ally i enn., is dead, aged yj. is soon to be established. Kindergarten v Lula Greene Richards, missionaries from .' L. L. G. R. Salt Lake City. Reports from the different On e of the more noteworthy articles in branches of the Society, the. annual Stake the March Harper's will be "Arcadian minutes and of BARTON ALMIRA the last JOHNSON Reports, Quarterly: by Miss Ninlita Eames;. "Jane Conference were read by Stake Secretary Hubb's Salyation,V' by Mrs. Helen Hunt' A. Editor with which, a Bxiiailv House, Mary ; together ington, together with installments of the concise verbal report given by President M the short sketch I am now serials, "On Snow-Shoe- s to the Barren Believing A. Hunter showed the pleasing fact that penning will be of interest to many, ! send Grounds," "Briseis,," "Personal Recol-- " the Tooele Stake Relief Society is prosper: the same to your paper for publicatiQn. lections of Joan of Arc," aud the "Gr. ious, and fululfilling its legitimate require- Sister Almira Barton serenely passed man Struggle for Liberty." stepping from the boats upon the marble floor of the hall I heard ray name called, was shown a rooni prepared for breakfast, which was spread out on the garden terrace Breakfast in Venice must from Prof. Gastineau "Oh, animaP ' quote ism of our ' coarse .human nature, ever asof the serting itself oyer the finer essence ' soul!" We have at last touched the point whereupon concentrated our mo'st fanciful dreams. We are in Venice the ideal city,, the mysterious though palpable Mortar and Stone Venice rising resplendent with a thousand charms from the amorous flood, and we stop to think of breakfast before a week has elapsed! Nay we succumb to materialism enough to desire breakfast on the first morning of our arrival! It.must be admitted that a more delightful place could scarcely be conceived to break a night's fast through this terraced garden, bound on one side by the river street, overlooking the Grand Canal, with its Gondolas crossing each other in every direction, the sun bathes all in resplendent light; as we sit down to our places; a Gondola loaded with musicians and singers ap- proacli tind move at the steps. As the sound of Italian instruments strike our ear, it adds enchantment to the scene." After partaking of the refreshments in shape of coffee, .bread, beafsteak, cakes and butter, we felt substantial and contented that at least this day would be delightful. At midnight throwing open, the shutters of my window and looking out upon the Alley a (Collie) "there aretwo Venices.one of the canals the other of the alleys, by which and the 378 bridges you may walk over the hundred isles, and thought of the events of. trie day, nun, the magical even ugr t he moonlight flooding the old Palaces and Canals. We had spent the evening on the Grand Platzza (or square) with the thousands of gaily dressed people, flowers and music, for the Queen Marguarette was there standing near the Palace. I heard the shout Vive la Rein looking up had 3 splendid view of her leaning on the "balcony looking at her people. Now in the rnoonhght and quiet it all seemed like a beautiful dream realized. Kim. 't . . . " . . d - - blank-minde- d . -- - V W4 wJ 1 1 old-j-ti.nenk- r ; ' - . A pre " ; . . ''. ' : : Bee-Ranchin- ' . -- ; . : g," , 