'.V y c? i i w nil r 11 m i CONTENTS: Hut Day The Spirit of In C. A. G. John SleepJulia C. Bowring Life In Death Nevada FLAG DAY. No fiery rallying sign ? From all thy own hTgh places " Give Heaven the light of thine Still let the land be shaken ": By a summons of thine own ; By all save truth forsaken. Why. stand with that alone ! o !. . for 1 . fire-word- A deep response is heard, And o'er the Western mountains Rolls back thy rallying word ; Shall thy line of battle falter With its allies just in view? porce- Presi- make it worthy the subject and worthy the attention of this cultivated body of women. I can only briefly touch upon' the origin, influence and progress of pottery and porcelain for several thousand years to the present time. Pottery, is the oldest and most widely diffused of human arts. The recorded history begins with the building of Babel, and great cities in all ages are great structures of pottery. It is its own historian. Ceramic collections are libraries of history ; every specimen a book of the thoughts of men, of which the earliest known were published not long after the Deluge. Every people civilized or barbarian, in one form or another have written their history in clay. . The first fire kindled on clay soil, baked it and thus it was found that a s:ft, easily -molded substance could he made into a permanent article of use; wherever trade was established and pottery made lor sale, the forms and decorations were those most likely to be accepted by the people; thus theprevailing styles were die indicators of public taste and the work of the potter enduring for ages, makes the Ceramic art take precedence of all others, as the index of human character in various ages and countries. All study in every department of human art, begins at a period not long after the Mosaic Deluge". All art history when traced towards its beginning, is found" to commence at a time less than 5000 years ago. There is no work of human hands, no result of human thought now known where date is found more than 3000 years before Christ. ; The converging lines in the history of all human invention and arts, in tombs, in architecture, in money, in forms of relidon, in language spoken or written, above all in Ceramic art, point to the western portion of Asia as the place zvhere, and about sooo years ago as the time when the history of man as read in his works, must begin. The oldest known pottery is Egyptian. We approach Egypt with a certain - amount of awe, for it comprises relics of civilization of such hoary antiquity, that it seems like peering into, the secrets of the grave. Un' glazed pottery was made in many parts of the world as an independent discovery, and the genealogy briefly stated - is -- this. Men made brick and other unglazed pottery in Mesopotamia and earned tne art with them dent of the United States William Bryan . I Honored Sir : In your leisure hours I presume you are considering some very strong points with which to gild your in- ugural address m case you should be chosen for our next president. Allow me to call your attention to the millions of American position of thirty-fiv- e who in violation of eyery principle citizens, of our government, are wholly unrepresented in the legislature of the country. A large number of this class aie persons of education and wealth, exerting an immense moral and intellectual influence on our civilization andpQuiiug vast sums as luxes into our national treasury. In view of that fact, it would be a grace ful tribute from a young man to the .moth ers of this Republic to recommend Congress, in his inaugural address to pass a Sixteenth Amendment to the National Constitution forbidding disfranchisement in the several states on the erouud of "Sex." thus placing educated women at least on aii even political platform with emancipated slaves and ignorant immigrants of the old world. Such an act of justice on the threshold of your administration would be the keynote to the reforms proposed by the Chicago platform. Important as the questions of Finance and Tariff may be, they are insig nificant compared with the 'civil and politimillions of people. cal rights of thirty-fiv- e This would be the strongest point in your address, and one that none, of your predecessors have as. yet made ; a step of progress in social and political evolution of the period in which we live. An enthusiastic supporter otHMr. liryan read to me his great Labor Day speech, delivered in Chicago on Sep. 7. It certainly has a true ring in it from' beginning to end. Ignoring all minor questions, such as tariff and finance,'that might have confused his audience as they do everybody ; he dwells on the fundamental principles of juSt government " which, if carried out, would secure equal ngnts to tne imriy-nv, millions disfranchised women, hand m the describes he as it, The ballot, dis-- " of every citizen would indeed be a scepter wherever thev went The Egyptians of power ; a crown of royalty.- A man covered: the art of painting it with colors. art lrom Assyria and who, as K :dent of the United btates, Persia received the " by hearth and holy altar, fatherland, be true ! Fling abroad thv scrolls of Freedom Speed them onward far and fast ! Over hill and valley speed them; - Like the sibyl's on the blast. My !. John'G. Whittier. THE SPIRIT OF SLEEP. Who is itthat comes in shadowy robes, With a spell silent and deep, Wrapping our forms in a mystic trance? Tis the mighty spirit of sleep. He seals the eyes that are wet with tears, And those where gladness beams, And ky(a wave of his scepter-wan- d We soar to the land of dreams. 'Tis then the weary mourner finds, "" ' A brief respite from care ; And dreams perchanteof a voice beloved, Or a face that was sweet and fair. . The sultan may lie on his downy bed With curtains of tinted glow; The beggar may rest her weary bones k 'Neath coverlet of snow. . lain I have been somewhat hampered for reference books also for want of time to to mr. bryan. To the Democratic Nominee 10. 9 . In preparing a brief article upon -- - Come voices long and loud. And far off hills are w riting s The on the cloud ; When from Penobscot's fountains 0, mrs; stanton No. 15, 1896. Read before the U. W. Press Club.) , What though around thee blazes TflH CKRAMICS. Julia Bowking Maltese. - 1 T " - Whittier. Maltese. Tl tion. midnight hour, His standard is unfurled; With his misty crown he reigns supreme The monarch of the world. Founder's Day. Important" To Anna Rev. Howard Hhavv, Woman's Women. And Editorial Notes. Work Duty. T would use his influence to .carry out such principles, I would be glad to see in the highest position in the gift of the American people. Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Honorary President Woman's Suffrage Associa- Iri the silent gloom of the Editorial -FIag 1, potent the nectar his chalice holds, le soothes the sailor boy to'rest, And Iullslhe soldier's pain ; O, where on earth can a spot be found" '. Not a part of his domain ? And News. TV and the Rights of the Women of ah Nations. I s Prayer V. Davis. of Zion Solace to all he brings, And "visits the, poor in his humble cot, As well as the halls. of kings.- . Stanton To Mr. Bryan Elizabeth Cady Stanton. Ceramics L. S. M. Kate Field's Dody. Proposed Constitutional Amendment- R. Shipp "Rathel Foster Avery. UW. I'. C.- -E. Sc'c. Reception To Clara Barton Ex. Ladies' SemiMonthly.Meeting Zina Hyde, Sec. Leaves A Loving Tribute H. From My Journals-Kim- .. B.T. In Memoriam. Tiie Snare Zion's Convert-Note.Mrs. :- TT FN, SALT LAKH CITY, UTAH, XOVEMBER Vol. 25. Poetry a ? i The Rights of. the Women , JO-"- , e - . - ' . :.t-: C. 