WOM X $ffc XPONKMT. for "your own beneht, or it you. Cornelia II. Clayton and. Mrs. Martha H. do not need it. there are others jw ho do and LXingy,- one rof clheiffV; the. larger the subscription 'ftK?'ui6reJcan- tc Homeby two of tlfe daughters: arid iiistru- done in free distribution, for missionary mental music" by others of the family enwork, which is always a consideration. Do livened fhe program. A pcx.Mii , by Mrs. E. B Wells ("which she designated a love story) not grow weary in but help suswas read by her during the evening's enter- tain that .which: will be a history of the women of this age and period for such tainmeut, "but there was not nearly time for is the Woman's Exponent. all that had been prepared. President-JosepE. Taylor offered the benediction at the close' before the departure 01 the guests. Br. and Sister Home looked as charming SIXTY YEAS OF WEDDED LIFE. and as handsome, and as happy as though this Had been their wedding day, instead of JOSEPH' AND M. ISABELLA IIOKNE.. the sixtieth anniversary, and no one win The anniversary sixty' years after of' the saw them, could say old.age is not beauti-"ful- ; of noted two of Utah, pioneers marriage with the beauty of the years that have Brother and Sister Home, was celebrated in left their impress upon the. faces and. forms' this city May 9, 1S96. The. event was of those who have lived pure and saintly is in it an itself.as exceptional thing lives. .What can be more beautiful than unique for two people to live together for . threesuch a living picture There is nothing score years. more noble or more desirable than to be Brother and Sister Home came to the able to Took , back' upon such'a life in the valley in 1847, only two mouths subsequent evening of one's days. And for this among to ..the arrival of the pioneers, and it was the marly other things accomplished the this company of stalwarts who came at that friends. of Br. and Sister Home contime who did the .early formative work in many them, and .'wish them continued this City. They built the fort, they killed gratulate and prosperity during the remain the crickets, they built .bridges, and did all happiness der of their sojourn here. The followm sorts of pioneering, enduring hardships unpoem was written for the wedding anniver told, laying the foundation for those who sary short party but the evening was came afterward. All honor we say to these for the kindexpression of good. feeling and; valiant veterans and to those associated with ly, sentiment by all who" were desirous of them. their love and appreciation. The wedding anniversary day was kept showing in 'a 'fitting manner,; their children and. 5IXTV YEARS'. .children's children were around them, affectionately greeting them and presenting FrLL sixty years of gifts and tokens of love, and themselves Through both fair and stormy 'weather; made it a happy occasion. Some of them Full sixty years ha? the grab's gro.vn g&een,. came long distances,even from other States, And sixty snows lie deep betwt-en- . with and meet their to pay their respects Look backward to days on the long dusty road, honored and beloved parents. ' Wherp tofb0'' ym ' hnrpo thi; life's havv tb for nremrfvl A hannuet was fvrnir;rr T load; and as many intimate friends invited outside all the dark places you've safely passed o'er," Scan the family as could be accommodated in a 3s private residence; certainly, the banquet was Where the storm clou han. darkly be'iind and before. of the most delightful as' well as the most delicious character, and served by loving Then think of the sunshine that has glinted b hands, daughters and sons aiid grandchildtween, ren of 'the family. The tables were decor-ate- d The warm summer breezes,ambrosial serene; with flowers, and cards .with the name And thn ot the Wn-mCveaxxus hy the were laid by Though sent in love's kindness, TjfheiielitTTdates '1830-189yet hard to obeyPresident. Joseph F. Smith each plate. pronounced the blessing which was a most Now remember your children,. dear pledges 01 love, eloquent prayer as well as blessing. But the feasting was not the only pleasant Choice gifts of a father that dwells up above; feature of the evening. There were How cheerful your hearth, how happy your home, speeches and songs and music at intervals, Where love and devotion ever hath shone. and conversation which added to the delight Sigh softly 'for those you have laid in the earth, of all present. , Whose love was so dear from the hour of their The evening exercises were conducted by birth; the eldest son present Bishop Joseph But they have gone on a place to prepare,-FoHome of Richfield, Sevier Co. who acquitfather and mother and loved ones to share. ted himself admirably in every particular, as master of ceremonies. President Angus The Gospel light was given to you M. Cannon, in his characteristic way, gave Down in your hearts you knew 'twas true; the toast to the agedj:ouplewhich virtually-expresse- You left your home and friends behind, the sentiments of all present, who Far in the West the Church to find. had for so manj, years been associated., in The Prophet's voice fell on your ears. the most pleasant relations with Brother and You hear it yet through changing years; Sister Home. Dr. Elvira S. Earner, read ' Nauvoo dartshadows fen Reminiscences composed, by herself, that E'en now, though sad, the tale you tell. seemed to embody every event of their long .' and useful lives and commemorated as well as I God bless the noble Pioneers many things of historical importance! One of the daughters Mrs. Martha H. Who left Nauvoo in blood and tears; on that bitter, stormy night, Tingey read a .very telling poem by Mrs, And that dreary, lonely flight. Emily H. Wroodmansee, Mrs. E. B. Wells Began read a short but comprehensive tribute to. God bless them? Yes! a hundred fold; Patriarch Home, composed by .Mrs. Sarah For cause of Truth they stood so bold; M. Kimball. Sweet songs were beauti Far out on Western barren plains. fully rendered by George D. Pyper 2nd Mrs; On the breeze rang but the "Mormon" strains a paper t ; ; . j RMMELISi: ANSIS LtS H' - It. WELLS; LA A ,V jJV - CiK, Editor. - i H4tiril CntriMCr. in Salt Like City.. Utah. uue one icnui. copy ysar, j i.oo; one copy six raunuu, 50 ets. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mil, ettr.t for postage" one year, 25 cts. Advertising rate: Each square, ten lines of nonp?j-eicoace one tiyie, $2.0; per month, I3.cc. A liberal to fipjlar advertisers. ExroNKNT offsce, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Puild-tnM.iinh'je;t,oppoMt Z.C. XT, I. Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every d.y, except Sunday, Address :i'A busings communications to Published semi-monthly, j dis-spur- it g, " . PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the matter. KconJ-clas- s Salt l:t Ofict in Salt Lake City, Utahhas . Lakk City,. May, 15, 1896. well-doin- g ccr-tain- lv - .TWENTY FOUR YEARS. . Tin; present, number of the paper com- pletes the 24th volume of the Exponent; ever since it first made its appearance on the first day oi June 1872, it has been unfits defence of truth and right. ailing-in On every question before the people and e'specially those of the most vital importance to women and to humanity as a whole it has been genuinely fearless. Woman's organizations for charity; philanthropy, industry, education and literature have always been given honorable mention in its columns. Asa record of woman's work in all departments it has kept pace with the times as reference to its columns testify. Wornens' .missionary work at home and abroad is given much space; minutes of meetings and Conferences almost a complete record. Biographical sketches of the most . - LUJi.i-l- - 1 . - . U . - 1 Ui Ulli llUlt. Ill kill. 1 - - il LI 1 1 - i-- , and in other great movements. are to be found in- its pages, and many interesting essays and poems of more or less merit of - home production. It has been the aim of the Exponent from the beginning to foster and encourage home talent,-- - and it has not failed in this writers-Utarespect, for some of thv can boast begun their literary Work in this homely little p:iperf and .its good work in this respect still continues. the first woman's paper, except oue,established west of the Mississippi, and it has never swerved in its loyalty on the question of equal suffrage. .', The, Exponent has found its way into many high places as well as lowly ones.and has visited nearly all the countries of the world. All the womens' papers published almost' without exception exchange with-it- , and many consider it one of their best exchanges, because of its entire freedom from anything like sensationalism. 11 iiie uiucu ui utaii uuu.ui (,uc ,vuv.K.y Mountain .region could realize what the -- Exponent has done1,, and the influence it carries abroad, they would certainly take more pains and make a greater effort to sus-tai-n it, and not let it lack for patronage. It is really a positive : necessity for "a great organization like the Relief Society to have such, au organ, and the silk' industry needs it in order to help it forward, and especially now that 'women have suffrage, do they need such an opportunity for expression and advancement as can only be obtained bv means of a vo man's paper. One dollar a io , help sustain. year is very little br h. ; It-w- . as far-to- j life-toeth- - er & p "u-p- -- 6, - . . '....'' '" -- n ,- - - . r . d ' . " - ' ;' " . -- j 