EXPONENT. .WOMAN S ' The Council idea is to giveJJ greater unit v of thought d' sympathy of purppse-t- o ? the Council ; anotther will be devoted to the work of the standing Committees. Repre- tentative workers from all o ganizations will thus be heard- from in regard to the lines of work unitedly attempted by the Council. The third or final session" will - i tr i Tin 'if. uir it. rutmu lprniHiii nic 1 1 - others whether niyfltifms . i,iomltfrc r( nrcrn O assented with the Council or. not, and all other persons' interested are cordially invited to be present.. . - - i -- W V : SOMK OI'THE l'KOI'EE TO BE PRESENT. The Countess of Aberdeen cannot return irom British Columbia in time for the foith-comiu- g Annual Executive Meeting of the National Council of Women which will be held in. the Y. M. C. A. hall, Boston, Dec. 2, 3, 4. But the International Council will be ably represented by Mrs. May AVright at large and Sewall, First former President of the National Council of the United States. The Woman's Council g of Canada will be represented by its Mrs. Wrilloughby Secretary, Mrs. also and Archibald, by Cummiugs, President of the Halifax Local Council. Miss Frances K. W'illard, the first President of the National. Council is expected to add the exceeding interest of her presence and her words to this occasion. Among other well known women whose laces and voices will be welcomed, will be the Rev. Anna Howard Shaw, the Vice-- , President of the Council, and so widely known as an able and scholarly orator. Mrs! Rachel Foster Avery, former Corresponding Secretary of the Council, whose name is a synonym for honest,' solid, practical work, will represent her N own special department in the present Council, Vice-Preside- nt Corres-puiidin- " , : -- UlUl WliilU ICi.UW UUV-- U IU lUC WCllUiC Ulx the Home. Mrs. J. 'KJlen Foster is also expected to be present at these sessions, and her speaking every where is characterized by earnestness that captures the attention and by s logic that convinces the mind. The National Woman's Republicaii Association of which ; Mrs. Foster is President, will also be represented by its able and charming Secretary, Mrs; Emily . Chace. ; the-name- j . : "The Woman's Relief Corps will be represented by its National President, Mrs. Agnes Hitt, and by Miss Kate Browhlee Sherwood, Chairman of the Committee on Patriotic Instruction, who will speak on the subject of Higher Citizenship.Many other ".'women of prominence will attend these meetings and present topics of interest and value. - PAST MEETINGS OF THE COUNCIL. The National Council of Women will hold its annual Executive Board meeting the 2, 3, and 4, of December in the Y.-C. A. Hall in Boston. Meetings of the National Council always mean something of more ' than ordinary interest. The coming annual session will include one or more noteworthy meetings. Amoug previous meetings and conferences under the auspices of the Council, one naturally adverts to . theAVorid's Con- M. M" Up i s it-a- . - first-trienn- ial ht ' d the-guest- s. . -- ' WTo-'me- - . - e I a -- - -fi- . . - . cliafacteil woman's work;?ind 41 as the climax hi theorgani.atiohof themor-- 1 al forces of socidyJ)y: tyonien.M Again it and stands for the broadest mutual respect M which makes; sympathy, and for the peace has-bee- j i ' 44 J . fci J s-- I.; L'ciiciai subjects which are under the charge of heads of denartments. Amoncr these sub jects will be Religion, Philanthropy, Educa- lion;' Moral Reform, Social Economics- and 111 iAll This gathering o( prominent women from many different mmtriesseneu to the series of World grosses..' Its sessions lasted seven days ot inore its program contained than three hundred speakers the majority ot flf 'tlH tioiml- renutation lt,tinni w.nw. vvuuiu. m.- - n'nnif'tl 1 Ins assem- in, their special fields of work, members from biage oi women including' the National Council of England,- France, Germany, Italy and other countries, was brought together by invitation of the National Council of the United States. meeting of the At the Council in Washington in 1S91, seven organizations composed it. The session at this time was of a week's duration, thirty-eigassociations reported' through fraternal delegates, and the International - Coutu cil was represented by its American officers. During the exposition in Atlanta in 1895, the Council held a conference which lasted six days as part of the Congress of Women. Among the subjects brought before these meetings were the Red Cross movement, practical philanthropy, ' Florence" Crittenden mission, the education of the future, woman's position in the industrial world, woman's work as minister and missionary, woman's place in the government, social economics and many others of equal interest and importance. The notable meeting in New York City of a year ago the Pioneer Reunion held on the date of lilizabeth Cady Stanton's eiglv tieth birthday was likewise under the auspices of the National Council. This unique gathering brought together for the recognition of the vouneer generation the pioneers large number of the white-hairein women's wQrk along all lines; educational, philanthropic, reformatory, and many others. The largest opera house in New York was filled with Greetings came from distinguished people all over the world. I A volume including the account and fuli' significance of the gathering would to a new reading prove most interesting ' generation . TIE COUNCIL IDEA. WHAT IS IT? WThat does the National Council of n mean ?Vhat' does it stand for? What r is its uuderlyifigjdeal .: This idea isf first, that a Council is not composed of individuals, but of societies ; second, that a CounciPdoes not seek to combine people of one miiid, but it seeks to unite societies with- difTereritairns, objects and methods. Thus the National Council is approximately, and willl)ecomexrjiore and x more a republic of ideas. The Council grew out of a birthdayele- bration. This was-thfortieth anni versa f 01 tue nrst organized demand for pmal educational, professional and political rights for women." The central idea was that of freedom foj the body, mind and soul of women. Included within this were all the other- - ideas - represented -- by the fty-one national societies which this first gathering brought together . The Council idea is to bring together all the best thought and hope for the world. For its education, its philanthropy, its temperance, its industries, its professions, its legal conditions, its political conditions, its moral education. Finally, the Council would organize and unify all'these as the truest method for strengthening and developing eacirone. ! ,for nghteouness. The Council was organized by women having the sincere belief that the best good of their homes and of the nation would be advanced by their own greater .unity of thought, svmpathy and purpose, and- that - an organized movement of women would best conserve the highest good of the fam' ily and state. . ADVANTAGES TO ORGANIZATIONS. The organizations which have banded themselves together to iorm the National Council of Women recognize that by means ofthe Council Conference they secure for their snecial lines of work, a, larger hearinir than they can ever, command for their, separate meetings. Certain special lines of work have ben prosecuted through standing" Committees of the Council, such as equal pay, for equal work ; divorce reform; improved dress; and these can" instruction ; patriotic be infinitely better furthered by such an aggregation of organizations than by separate associations of women, each organized ' for a special. object. The existence of a National Council 0 Women in any country must also by its successful prosecution of various lines of work militate against the multiplication of Hip nrcranintirmt; which would Otherwise spring up to cope with these problems. No one doubts that - the individual woman is broadened and her life enriched by lwrnrnmcT n mftnhpr nf nn nrtrnnization for 1 - : equally true that members of each organization of the National Council 'Mind inspiration, breadth and release from limitation," through the respect they learn to feel for the work of women from whoe opinions they may differ radically, yet for the nnhi'Urv far tlif imltftinot A4 ' S J nf wlinp J. pfTnrtc of humanity they feel a deep sympathy. The advantage tfrat the Council gives its constituents are Seen by a glance at the xx following summary of its object. To mak better known to the general public the magnitude and variety of woman's work for humanity. 1 o avoia tne multiplication 01 organizations each with, some one special object. ; To bring together women of all lines of work. ; To give the united influence of all these women to such general kinds of work as can be heartily agreed upon by all. : The present occasion though only one of the regular annual meetings of the Execu-ti- v Board , will be attended by m any notable vomen from all over the country, and its puMimeetings will be of great interest. Public meetings will be held Thursday - A A m W A. - A A - A VvJ A JT A V AA W . A hy - ; andFriday orniisDechilrth"3rd and 4th, and Friday evening DecemBer 4th. One and one thirdNrates will be given on all railroads, if the attendance numbers one hundred. Procure ceftiheates at place where ticket is bought. Hotels will give reduced rates. Miss Elizabeth Upham Yates,, of Maine, will give her lecture on "China and the Chinese," with costume in Town Hall," Belmont, . -- . 