WOMAN'S EXPONENT. OMAN'S- siblv.be some little fire: and it is desirable. Sarah A. Boyer, who attended the Wash. rhnt wmp- nl.irrv; should be cleaner rind Jjw jLiigtpji convention last winter; also by been. invited to &tei'6ipbere purer in more ways canballot the have women Tie fact ; that not make much difference, with the affairs of Montana who is a noted lecturer and Lucy the State at first," but their influence ought A. Clark (if Farmington Electa Bullock of to be felt very soon and very materially iii Provo,' and Mrs: Wm. Stewart of this City the cities and towns. The recent move have been invited to make addresses, also made in Provo, in .shutting up the Diamond Mrs, E. Crane Watson of Parowan. saloon, by the leading women who have Store situated The Woman's had practical experience in organized .work on Main St. No.Cooperative is in the sense its 44, among their own sex, is a good, illustration name s a wuiimu ciuerpribe, implies x)T what women can accomplish when they and carried on in the interest of the set about it in earnest, and the example of women connected with the Relief Society the women of Provo ought to be followed organization, it has had a hard struggle in by other women in the cities and towns the past bin the prospect at present is more where like evils exist,and are maintained to hopeful. .Having succeeded in getting a the detriment of the community and essuitable location on the MaiirStreet where pecially the young and rising generation it is more convenient, and having some and to the disgrace of all who desire to pro articles not handled by large es. mote good., morals and , the elevation of special Burial clothing for the. tablishments. society. dead Js made a specialty, millinery and Surely all good women will take these boys clothes etc. There will be an opening .matters seriously to heart and ponder them of and ThursWednesday Millinery goods just long enough to see the best way to apto st and 2nd, which the public day,' April ' ; .. "xT .1 i i . i: 11.. : ply a remedy, before the condition becomes are it, ueu. antiiu aciv guvus curuiauy is at present. much more dangerous than.it latest stylesr reasonable. Remember these see The mothers will things quicker the Woman's prices , 44 Main Street. .'ban even the fathers, who have so far been, the guardians of the public welfare. Generally" speaking women have quicker perSERICULTURE. lentimerit moral a and prehigh ception, dominates largely with them which will be In view of the work we expect to aca good element to infuse into governmental coming year in estabcomplish during the ' affairs. lishing the silk industry in the State: The experience of women who have been arrangements will be made for holding a interested in some of the ' bills pending bemeeting of the "Utah Woman's Silk Assatisfore the legislature, has been quite sociation during the conference rates, the time and place will be published in the daily factory; members have been .exceedingly before the courteous in allowing them time papers. respective committees that have such bills Margarkt A. Cainic, Secretary. in charge, and of course the ladies appreciate the spirit of fairness with .which their OUR CHARACTER. views have bean considered. Women are and necessarily must be greatly interested At lniu nif tr net-- ic if trn tliit rsiir maUerviiraiHiidtratrfar-an- d character is the only thing or qualification reformatory work. It should not be we take with us when we go to the next fonrotton by those who, have the selection- - state of existence; for we must go when of persons to serve on all such Boards that' callecf either sooner or later, and then give women shculd be included when these apan account of what we have been doing. and pointments are made, for all these classes of what lessons we have learned in the dolvei work viz., educational, industrialand reworld. Again" allow me to ask, what sort formatory. of a character did our Father us to In E ngla nd where the pre va i in g pu blic obtam in such a world as this:expect a world of sentiment is not in favor of women s work, trials and perplexities of women have shown themselves very disappointment, everv kina. ell let us retlect: it must be efficient in places where men made no imfor some wise purpose, for all things done pression at all upon the classes of people by our heavenly parent are done in wisdom who area public expense. Their, ways of to event. prepare us for some other dealing with subjects are different and their You will admit that some of great our lessons methods usually are more kindly and huwe lea'ru from observation. This being the mane. These are a few of the things wocase let us just notice the little one' who is men should think about, and when they his' first lesson. His wants are thmk deeply they will be prepared to act, taking when anddo their part of the humanitarian work supplied it they are made known, requires patience and fortitude which comes into the provence of the state. to for the care of the parent; and at wait The women- of Utah are being watched other times energy and , force of character as no other women are at the present time, and it should be their laudable ambition. to are in. need to save him when in danger; set an example even in political affairspthat other states can point to wih pride, and that fire, and water are good servants but bad masters; then to be victorious we need 'seek to emulate. Women must not forget there are duties and obligations attached to caution and care to become acquainted or master of the elements. This is a very imcitizenship, that they, cannot afford to igSo" become acquainted . portant lesson. nore or to neglect. with each; both fire and water. ,Thus in childhood we begin to 'develop EDITORIAL NOTES. .the attributes of God our Father when we robtaiu intelligence upon subjects of this It is expected that at the Suffrage meet- - kind. But remember this is only a few of ing which'wul be held sometime during the many qualities called into action as we - ... -- . tuW..j.,otto'irtvha"Uavc 111 1 ' in Salt Like City, Utah. Published Terras: one copy cine year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction marie tor clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts, Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpr.reil sp.tce one time. $2.50; - per month, J3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. EXPONENT office. Rooms 227 & 2:8 Ccnstmiticr Puilc'-tntr- . Main Street, opposite Z. C. M. I. Pus!nes hours frcrn 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to PUBLISHER-V0AN'S EX PO N KNTr T" semi-monthl- y, - M Salt Lakr City, Utah. Entered at the Post Offue in Salt Late City, Utah, a, econdclast matter Salt Lake City March 15, and April, 1,1896, CONFERENCE NOTICE. , r mcor-jorate- d -- -- Thk Annual Conference of Sixty-sixt- h the Chuch" of Jesus Christ of . Latter-da- y Saints will convene in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, at 10 o'clock on Saturday " morning, April 4th, 1S96. The officers and members of th. Church genarally are cordially invited to attend the meetings of the Conference. -- . Wn.roiu) Woodrui-i-GkorCr Q. Cannon, Joskpii P. Smith. , ' - 1 . RELIEF SOCIETY CO N FE R E N C E . The general conference of the Relief Society will be held in the Assembly Hall this city on Friday, April 3, 1895, meetings commencing at 10 a, m. 2 p. m. and 7;3D in the evening It is desirable that each Stake organization of the Relief Society should be well Bishops and brethren are represented. Zina D. Jane H- - Young,", President. Richards" Bathsueb a W. Smith, S. Counselors' . "1 - Co-op- ' - . ' WOMEN IN PUBLIC AFFAIRS. 1 The Legislature' has been fairly getting 1 down to work during the latter part of the session and as the time draws near the close, it is very apparent extra, exertion is made In rnmnlpfp the biminpcs nf tlifxip Intv We are very glad to be able to makeis. say tod that women have manifested more real interest in legislative matters than, at first. It is true there is not much women can do except in going before Committees, but they can learn by listening, and observing how large bodies of men conduct their affairs; and not be entirely ignorant of the rules1 and regulations of great assemblies, should they be elected to fill some of these - official positionsfwheTranotherlegi5latureis' chosen, as they most likely will be; at least it is in all events probable, that when the members of the next legislature are noini-- " nated, women being eligible, some women will doubtless receive nominations and if so :the chances, are will be elected. A great deal is or seems to be expected of women when' they have the franchise; and yetthere cannot be any very great change at first, except the novelty of the fact. , 3 -- and-sometime- s - , 