V.. t - -- commenced .sending money, to Liverpool as often as" I could' sputejl, until I had .sent enough to pay for my emigra-- . tion to Zion the cheapest X)ssible way. ' In the spring of 1856, I started for Salt 'Lake City, on April 19, with a company of Welsh Saints. I shipped on boardia sailing vessel named the "S. Curling", in honor of Our the captain, who was part owner. president's name was Captain' Dan, Jones. I became acquainted .with David Grant' and John Oakley, returning missionaries and cooked for them on the passage," which was While on board I a very rough one. composed an article for the captain, and our president presented it to him; he was very' much pleased with, it, and paid me. some fine compliments: .HON, so I I ON TI IK ATLANTIC OC1-AN- , " MAY, 1856. WOMAN'S EXl'ONKNt; always been ' -happy arid contented in my last choice, and' help'iiK, and I got sale to the camp Just as they were preparing to come after .me. Hut the next morning I could not stand; I had .been chilled Brother through. David Grant, then the Captain of our one hundred, was sent for and had me lifted into me of the "wagons for the forejioon, and ;gac orders to the teamster that I should wade no more rivers, and the order Was 1 bet-that'sa- We arrived' in Salt Lake "City,. Oct. 2, and camped on what is now the University, Square, where we partook of a good supper after a fast of thirty hours. We were commanded to eat our last rations beyond the big mountain at noon the day before, as they expected provisions at the camping place that night, but were disappointed, and we had walked fifteen miles that day without food. now- - reached -- Salt Lake City, the goal of my ambition; but ho one came to greet me as they did others, and fake them to their homes. I knew-thyoung woman that brought thp Gosjel to me was in the City and marriedi but I knew not where to find her, and she was searching for me with a wrong name as I had traveled- in my maiden name of Lane, so she missed finding me. , T made the camp my home until after Conference, and then went to Kays-vill- e with some friends. While there I got the friend's address whom I was looking for, so I came back to the city and 'found her.. She was very glad to meet me, and offered me a home for the winter; but she was very much changed, we were not of the same spirit now; her people and herself were finding fault with everything, especiSo I began to ally the Church affairs. think of making a home for myself, which was a difficult thing to do in my case as I did not want another husband in this life if I could possibly help it, though I knew that marriage was an eternal principle or dained of Godr I realized the "Savior-h- ad said in the resurrection they were not married or given in marriage. From this I understand, that iu order to partake of that eternal principle, the marriage has to be solemnized in this life. It ,vas the time of Com k Mormons, 'anil sing; let the deep (waters j ' I j Lli.aueth Lane, We lauded in Boston, Mass., the 23rd of MaviS56i and went straight to the cars and started for the Mormon camp at Iowa, rtheic to make teady for our journey 01 1300 miles with handcarts. Captain Edward Bunker was aptioiuted to- - conduct us through. We started on our way West June 24, and arrived 'safe at Florence, and stopped there two weeks, and. left for the plains July 30. I had always been iso lated from the Church, so that I had not one particularIriend; I- - seemed-t- o travel-a- ll alone. I was allowed to bring 15 pounds of baggage;, this was put on the cart with a man and his wife. This man had a wooden leg, his name was Thomas Evans, and-hlives at Spanish Fork. He soon gave out in the deep sands of Nebraska, and his wile and myself took the cart all the way to Laramie. When the;' man irot better, I became lame while we were, traveling in the Black hills, I had rheumatism in my ankles and had to give up pulling the cart. , i maae a mend. 01 one ot tne teamsters, and he put a small bundle oil the wagon for me, after Captain Bunker had refused to do so, and then I was free to walk alone. i here was one man 111 the camp I shall always remember with gratitude, his name is John Cousins, he lives at Bear Lake. He has carried me on his back through many n.vers, and when Captain Bunker put me out of the wagon at Laramie River, he picked me up and carried ;iue through' - I"hadpleiity of ors, among wmom were triree widowers with good homes. Each one of them told me the same thing, if I would marry him he would not take another wife; but I de clined, that was not what I wanted. I had sacrificed my affections twice, I was now trying to act upon, principle. Throutrh Brother David Grant L be- came acquainted with his father-in-laHeraan Hde and his eood wife. They were generally called Father and Mother Hyde, they were eettine: to be old people. They had a nice home on State St. in the In them I found congenial 13th Ward spirits, I could sit and talk with them about Mormquism by the hour and hot get weary. Heman Hyde had been a prosper ous business man York State when Mormonism came to them, and all his fanii- ly of five children, most of them grown up, came into the Church. He sold or bartered away all his fine property, and followed the : the water. Church to Kirtland, thence to Missouri, We. finally came to Green Rivf:r, and I and afterwards Nauvoo, and finally to this was behind the camp; there was no one in valley. By this time their ample fortune sight-anit was near sundown. I sat down was greatly reduced, but for that I did not and thought this is the last. After a while care; I was willing, to work and help them I began to ask myself what brought'jQuJjn their' declining years: and I consented to here? 1 called . myself acoward. So I tot become nop of thp "fhrritlv nnd Wns c In up and asked theXojJo helpm as the: riv.e?;-.anthe Lord did everlasting covenant, on the kh6f Decern lxired.ta wade e : ' suit- - T -- twenty y tars. I had always been a member of the Relief Society; I was now a teacher going around the blocks in the ward, looking after the poor and sick, which office I held until age disabled tne for all such labor. In the boom of 1SS9, we sold, the old """I reah.cd a hon1 uud pi ice. The trustees put the money to interest for my benefit, and it brings me a nice .income. live with one of the grandsons. I have a room to myself and- pay for my board and attendance. They respect and love- - me, anticipate all my wants, and there is nothing too good for. 'grandma.' WhenJ Jookback on niy past i nothing .when compared with the prospect of sharing in' the reward that is in store for this great and good people, the Latter-daSaints, whom the Godofdieaven has picked out from among the nations, and brought to Zion to learn of His ways and keep His commandments, and make "The desert blossom as the rose. " I- y -- Euzaeetii Lank Hyde. w, . - inew 1 ' d . '. . He-wa- s e All praise to our guide on the ocean; Pray for him to have rest when Thy people are blest, To have part in the first resurrection. ' All liail to the captain, for he is our chieftainj In crossing the mighty blue sea; No danger we fear while onward we steer, Can a captain he kinder than he? Unitedwe pray to see the glad day, Roll on. when the righteous are blest, Long live Captain Curling, his canvas unfurling, In perils may God give him rest. Now we bid you adieu, witli all the ship's crewf Glad to meet you again in the West. - . haU TAIN CURLING'. have- Mother, called .Sister would always say, Hyde, "Elizabeth it was the Lord brought you hereto comfort uie." We - lived together nearly six years without a jar. I took care of her for seven months in her last sickness (with dropsy.) She died in September, '1.S62, Iliad always been self sustaining, and while traveling I would often thinky cou.ldJdo .when. I arrived here. I could do almost anything except washing or weav-- ' ing. What was my surprise the first week to find that the Hyde family kept a laundry and did washing for gentlemen. I said uothiiigj but turned to and helped, and soon mastered the business, and took .the lead and made a success. It was the. chief support of the faninyjlou Hyde lived;hewas taken sick and died , in Juiie; iS6y, at the age Of Si years. a very just man and protected me by making a will; he left me the use and inter v est of the property as long as I; lived. The Will was probated, and Brother Hyde's sou Rosel Hyde, with two grandsons, appointed trustees. They put everything in order and left it in my., charge. I soon realized that I could not manage the land to make a living, so I petitioned the Court and to they sold a five acre lot, and helped build two tennement houses 01: the city I managed them and property, to rent. the rents made 'me quite comfortable for as -J-- CAi I so were Brother and Sister, Hyde. - obeyed., yc;vf. ine R. S. AND P: A. REPORTS. SvVN PETE STAKE. Minutes of the Relief Society Conference of the Sanpete Stake of Zion, lielo June 5th, 1S96, at Manti, President M. A. P. Hyde presiding. Singing, "Lord we come before Thee now", prayer by Preset. John Maibeu, singing "Where the voice of friendship s heard." Roll called and minutes read and, approved! , ' Pres't. M. A. Ilyde made a fe w opening remarks. Pres't. Zina Young; thought of the dear ones (Sisters M. W. Snow and S.' Ar Peterson), who had just passed away, "that they would work with even more interest than before.- - Since we have become acquainted with the eternal truths, we have another g uarding ajijgej to watch over us, Spoke "bripbstacy, and for "an example could take father Marsh with his palsied 7 rf - -- 