c EX PONE N T, I WO MAN'S ; LXT WOM AX'S EMM EI. ISEH. bi U'KlX and a very popular young lady. The bridegroom is the son of U. II. and Marv ehet.tlerJltjHcleUle.r- is widely k mAV!r and , the .bridegfpofii has only recently returned from a missio:i7 to Germany, where he also paid sotne special attention to music for which he has fine talent. lie was highly complimented on his instrumental work by learned niusi. 'people call it) I -- bf rtornnriting ' women to oiuce .and of wo. office is new: except m rare g njerx..-ldin- T1 J 1". . .L . .. .I, i ...... ,.iilli'r VII I ! 1 . . :. in positions of einol- vears. No tri'vi ffiV twenty-fiv- e of inability or indifference to the complaints m Sail Iike City, L:it.. Published . interest of the public are leporUd, onl a Tc rras; ono cupone yr. fi.tx; or.- - c.:i7 u..v-50 els. No reduction hi i'l" r c! City jnjv-ri. small number ot women are likely to oecured by mail, extra for postt;e on? var, 25'ci. alpy public offices for some time to come Advertising rates: Kach vpar. ten bn-'- of t f x.- - A I.bcr!sp ice one .time, $2.50;. per mor.th. though men eem somewhat doubtful upon ' . ;idvertii-rfr uimt reul the matter. If more good and competent PrJi-iaK- , n A 22S Kxi'oNKNT office. Rooms 227 women would attend "the Primaries, and Ntam Street, opposite Z.C. M, I. f i '.r.e-- h" irsfrcm Conventions and take part in the proceed-- , 10 a.m. to s p.m. every ri.iy, except Sunday. Ad.1re.ss all business communications to ings, it would doubtless have a good effect. The dissatisfaction of the public mind PUHUsilKK WOMAN'S' EX PON KNT, has reached such a stage that matters will SLT I.AK-- flfY, L not lxr set tied Presi- by the (.lection of-Enttrti at tht icst Office in Halt Lake or. utiK, at j dent, ho:.vever acceptable it may be to the wconJ-cla- .' s matter . masses;, the working people and to toiling . T. 'H taK.e some tilt; nation' in- general. 11 win .1 time and great wisdom, to adjust affairs so Salt Lakk Citv, Octoheu r complicated and'bring men and women' to i that stage of feeling of security, that- will inspire confidence and promote good felloMODERATION AND - i . -... . , lltfqvef r ittr...Mt nvl - . I - semi-i.ioaihl- 1 y, e s ir-- s 1 r.j-j.-.r- :.. - " Ccn-f;tt:?-- ' 3 1 E 1 i . sane-thiukir.- 1 ' . i . . ..oiie-fjrX- o peace-maker- s self-contr- ol 4 b.-tte-r the-peopl- y - " theoinpUeatimis tha :offnhe monetary question. Men strong in the party to which they have been Laliied " fur e.us ua e uissuneu ineir connec'i m ft it and gone over to the opfxjsite part- ; thus it uoes not seem strange it women coming 'enuu praeiicai.t poniics at suca a tryn tune should be cnticisetf ami perchance - ' ' - -- . T some mistaKes, . ... A B R I L LI A N T-- aiss Plokkncj; D. Ai.dkr . an'd Elder Lorneliiis- Seliettler in on Wednesday, Oct. 7. at 12 M marriage in the Silt Lake. Temple, Bishop J. R. Winder otoattng 1 1 the ceremony TOeTb7ide is7 tinrcaughter of George and Lydia I) Alder, well known residents of this citv - were-Unite- -- , EWTeRIAL NOTl-S- d f d 1 . In consequence, of the mass, meeting of ladies which will bedield in the Theatre on the 31st ofthis month, the annual meeting of the Utah Woman's Press' Club will be held on Wednesday the 28th. All members should be present as ew officers will be', elected. An interesting time is aulicipated,-a- s each member is expected to appear in character and give a selection from the: character represented. ' The Kindergarten Autumn tea at Dr. E. R. Shipp's handsome parlors on Oct. 15, was a genuine success, socially it was exceedingly pleasant, and th: music and other exercises were fine. Mrs. Lizzie Thomas Edwards song'was highly appreciated, she was in excellent voice, and the association feels very grateful to her, and to Prof. the accompanist also Professor Schettler with his guitar, and to all who in any way contributed to the success of the entertainment. The Autumn leaves and flowers as decorations were most charmingly arranged. Mrs. Sliipp and her lovely daughters made every one feel welcome, also the other ladies who so kindly and ' gracefully assisted in receiving. - Mc-Clellau- -- WIU)DING l new-marrie- f be-done-- -- . , co:;s.--quenc- e r - -- g . . i ' L. wship instead of the (Jiscord-tha- t prevails at .the present. Tiik jeculiar phases of circumstances largely The nomination of a few 'women for the andthe environments of the present .time shows the liberality of some especially in regard to political matters call Legislaturemen honorable who "realize the justice of on.' for sound judgment and equal .suffrage. It is most desirable that the part of all men arid, women "ho are deshould be in every respect sirous ofgoud to the c imiliunity iti which these few wom-of doing the work which will, be they reside, or the commonwealth of which capable that community. is a component put.' The expected at their hands, for should there be any lack or indifference, on their put, it extremes that seem to le a natural would have a direct bearing on any .aspirof the gentral excitement can scarce for oillje iorever after. For the irood ly result in anything but disaffection and ant ' of the cause and the advancement of all. bitterness among the people when alt is over, unless more kindly sentiments and wno are to oome alter to till the places where woman's work will be effective, the better methods of campaigning prevail. Conservative people are considered Wanting women of today should help to make these in the enthusiasm necessary" to carry the f new-- beginners firm and "strong that they may indeed be .helpful to the state. None vital questions to a. satisfactory result of those who follo w will have so . much Women who form a large part of the voting population here' in Utah Have been in criticism, as these who lay the foundation of the new (P. Tfiost mstaiiLcrs reediB wa;u i. emattetp- tmmniinrrd. .nul it seetiiN in keen: ri'j wit a iiori. ..In Salt Lake County two women have the situation. Jt is comparatively n to been ""'nominated for the. Senate and two fof them and some of the eonditionTrni3-,yeaare also new to men, consequently caution the House and one for County auditor. In Davis County one woman has been is more essentially needful. ' However.' it hasjjeen positively necessary some of the nominated for the Senate, in Weber County a n t y rectjrder al so i u ;B (3 x J Cider, real work should women, and a and in one Milfard Co. For the same ofllce, few have been willing to accept the reiti two "and Kane do the actual work without County for county offices, and sponsibility these are not all. After long, years remuneration or expectation of reward exper haps ol in the beneficial' repatieiit waiting women are coming to a cept what may come realization of some of the fruits of their sults that may accrue to all; and the satisfaction or doing one's duty. Women the la!ors in the opportunities offered them for broader culture and higher aims, arid 'if m world over are considered and in .the present state of affairs, such ;the: meantime moderation" and are properly exercised, what great achieve-helpfulness as they can render m promotinents may we not expect in good governing harmony should Certainly for the good of all' concerned. Women ment and conditions of society, when should assuredly hold themselves above-part- all instead of one half take part Kxral in even and for seek matters. feeling the highest Vet. one interested in the welfare of Utah good of all concerned, and we believe this is the geueral id :a among tne women who must not lose .sight of the present condihave taken a prominent, part in publje tions, but stand for pure and righteous matters. pn nci pies of j u stice an d eq u i ty to all The eyes of the nation aret upon the wowhatever betides; be valiant and men of Utah, and especially in this first and true to one s own conscience. 'upright, election whiclr is so important because of i : - SELF-COXTR'J- 1 - the-beautifu- a f :.. 'li'fri lin Oorli.i ( rm ti ' , imiv.iv. n .,1 uv. mvuiv,U 111 DCI llll, .iv.mijuh; . niissionar). The reception at the residence of tin; bride's parents in the evening' was a brib liant affair, and was numerously .attended. The spacious i)arlors were artistically decor ated" with flowers, 'smilax and Autumn. leaves, .and the happy couple wdio stood in the bay window, under floral decorations looked radiantly happy in their new toU Miss Irene Schettler and little Mis May Alder were the bridesMeKwan and Ernest maids and Win. Seliettler stood at the' right "of the bride.- groom, and assisted in receiving the. guests and shared in the congratulations and compliments, us did the. bridesmaids.' The wedding presents from relatives' and friends were mostly useful articles though many of them' .were elegant, among the gifts was a large Uible. presented by the Y. 1,. M. I. A. of the vSecoud ward, with the onue s name in gin jeuejs, ana msiae the autograph of each of the young girls of the association. The Bible was given as an expression of love and appreciation to one who had been their secretary for several years, and iyas a very appropriate gift: With the many warm irie dsof the couple we extend our hearty con- c Js L..i.uvtii.;, uiiu n i jii 4iiv.iii on the great sea of life, and trust their highest expectations of happiness may be fully realized. 4-- i . eiUllS as a e.' - On" Monday ,- - eyehing ;the 9th (of November theRev. Anna H, Shaw will give a lecture in tlie large Tabernacle in this .city. Miss Shaw's great ability, . her -- versatility and popularity as a celebrated lecturer is so universally knoyn, thaf it is hoped the building will be filled to utmost capaci- - itj ' 