7 "" " ' I v' . . ' - r-iv- - A. s Vol.. 24. SALT CONTENTS: RedXrossRelief-VVork- Fo'rtiin Letter II .A. Tuckett. Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt. R S. Report Wayne Stake Anna Coleman. S. L. . - yT3IiZZ Ap-recia- tion They'll sing His praises forever more, Wharedeemed them by His love, Their peace will flow like a river fair,T7 His sons and daughters together share, The joys of the realms above.--- - Of The Ballot. , Poetr y; Faded Days That Live D. Alder. Faces Mary - : A.- '- L. M. Hewfings. To Freezer Hannah-Lydi- That Delinquent Poem a R. M. " Fox. A Poetical Address. A. Mary ; o No. 19. it' AvHIcIiVthe- - state- - departmentand he "contributed so largely. "xVs soon as an outfit can tie made and enough.- . " 1896.' ii passage secured, our men will start for the desolated regions. It will be cold and terribly hard for them, but that is what they came for, I have met several, of the lead-- , ing missionaries and other American gentlemen here. It is hoped the' massacres are" over, but it. isj of course uncertain. The general feeling is that Russia has said of-Go- ' , w, LwilLtell y ou-- w h a t gi vesrm erjo " 'As I look" In these faces worn, ?Tis the hbpe that the Resurrection Day. The countenance then will" shine as the sun, Being glorious to behold, As robed in white 'round ths throne Having passed from under afflictions rod, No. more to grow wrinkled and old. Semi-monthl- Education. 1, Will renew each body and smooth away - Each line that mars, and remove,each thorn. Cassie , Newman, LV V.- - P. C Zina IX II . .You ng. Notice A. Caine.' LadicV MeetMargaret Zina National Plan Of Work. "In Hyde.ing Memoriam. Obituaries. Conference X. A. W. S. A, Dr. E. R. Shipp's Classes. Kindergarten UTAH, MARCH CITY, j.s.0. Co. V. S. A. E, R. Shipp. Eihtok'ial: LAKE 1 " , - "The distress and suffering through wantand sickness are described as being "both enormous and terrible. Freeze. Our'stops on the journey at London, Paris, Geneva and Baden were, short, but very pleasant', and so full of good feeling, cordislity' and use' 'One of the saddest sight, lo me, n . . Oft have I asked, "why must it be That this wonderful work of God, Must wither and wrinkle and fade and die Before it can. bloom in the worlds on high, E'en crumble beneath the sod. . -- . - . -- . look in some faces, the story 1 read Of a sorrowful, weary life Despondency and hope deferred Have left deep lines, tho' never a word Has been uttered to tell of the strife! As Some fair days to each mortal are given, Thatshine as stars thro' misty rain, v 6 melodious sweet harmonies, Breathing A balm to soothe life's bitter pain, Time glides with ceaseless flight, days disappear, Sombre or bright, with flash and gleam, Fresh with the dews of hope, or blanched with fear, They pass from sight a fitful dream, Yet there are days in life's long journeyings, Oasis 'mid the desert sands, To which we turn as living memories, In spite of time's destroying hand. With eager zest quaff its pure, waters : Elixir's boon, to heart and. brain,' Jluick'ning: the pulsus with thrilling raptures, Forgetting for awnile earth's heavy strain, s aged pilgrims toward home returning, With ardent hopes of rest aglow, So turn we oft with eager yearning, To revel in the days of "long ago." Fair days within fond memory holden, - Light e'en through gloom of midnight give, And as through cloud-rift- s gleam sun rays golden Love s beacon light are"Days That Live." . Is a wrinkled, face; That once was lovely and bright and fair With beaming eyes,all free from care, Adorned with a nameless grace. And the form now bent, once straight and g rand. Wi.th thecarriage of a queen The step now feeble and careful and slow, . Was active and quick in the long ago, 'As any that might be seen. '. No thought of sorrow, of death or decay Had marred the spirit then, The awful truth that all things here Must change, like the seasons of the year, Was far beyond the ken. care-wor- fulness." DAYS THAT LIVE. FADED FACES. 1 . L. M. Hewlikgs." Disappointment bitter sad and deep In other faces Lsee, With traces of agony.moans and tears Suffered through long and weary years, Asking "when shall I be free." Despair in others has done its work ...xJ In lasting scars, and deep, And reason has almost been dethroned. By the aching brain, and the soul has moaned In anguish that could not weep RED CROSS RELIEF WORK. A IXTTER received, March 5, by a mem- ; -- Some are worn and weary with toil . Too hard for the delicate frame, Through all the day and half the night, The" tired muscles kept up the fight Each, weekly round the same. ber of the American National Red Cross Association from Miss Clara Barton, dated Para, Constantinople, February 19th; tells ..of the journey of the Red Cross party which sailed January 22nd, and also contains the . : xfollowing: Terrell Minister to sent 'The cablegram yesterday by Secretary Olney, and which I trust was made public, was the outcome of TcaTTTn the morning upon" the Sublime Porte in the person of its minister of foreign affairs, which was in every way as agreeable. cordial and satisfactory as it could iiave v was heen made in anv country. Not the fullest permission given. for our entrance ;,Vf, ArrnPiiin hut an active and generous effort was displayed toward making our en deavors, our journeys, etc.;, sate ana pleasant, as easy as possible, and - also as pro-be ductive of beneficial results as could vrrshetb 'Mr. Terrell x was very much gratified and seems very happy over our success, to " ; Others bear traces of physical pain Which was very hard to endure, For years, perhaps, the weary soul With patience has borne, till sweet control, Has made the spirit pure, Oh! The mothers of men: What a toilsome life, Is theirs from their early years, . 7 -- 4 And prepare for such a glorious crown, Where is found nosorrow or tears. . . : ' Miss Barton refers in the beginning of the foregoing to the message cabled by,; Minister Terrell 011 the 1 8th ult., saying the Red Cross had been admitted and" . and that the gates of charity are now open.. Since then these dispatches have announced that the Red,, Cross party had left Zeitoun, where relief is most urgent, by reason of its capture by the Turkish army. guaranteed-protectio- u The national Armenianrelief.committee will send $10,000 to Constantinople. It is stated by the committee that the distribution of money ; is now being made among the Armenians and at present the greatest obstacle to the work ;of reliefisJhaJack-Of- funds rather than opposition on the part of Mr. Stephen E. Barton, of the sultan. Westerly, R. I., received a cable from Miss Clara Barton at Constantinople, saying that the Red Cross society shipped on Saturday a large quantity of relief supplies to the interior of AnrTenia to go by caravan by way of Alexandretta, on the. Mediterranean. 5Iisslartofrhasforwarded fanctsrto Har- poot, Sivas and Laruch, and the reports from the interior indicate that the needs of the suffering Armenians are increasing. K FOREIGN LETTER. Nottingham, England, Feb. 13, 1 896 , Editor Woman's Exponent: TiiERK are a great many women in the Church in England, both old, and young; , who would be highly delighted, and benefited, could they have the opportunity ot perusing your excellent publication, many, ves verv many, ot tnese sisxers. are unaoic toiutJsCfibe, and are literally starving for faith promoting and encouraging literature,, suitable to their sex. They, are surrounded ;day"by da57vith allurements and inducements to s'in, struggling' on in the hope of one day being able to gather to the body of the church, 'fighting against the most conditions, with nothing but hope to buoy them tlp Can the blessed, yes thrice blessed sisters, in Zion not dis-hearteni- ng do-methin- gTo " frave a teephem7"i rnnv of the Ex ponENT placed on. file in house in the missions of ; .every conference 