WOMAN'S KX 87. PUNK NT. busied thwHsdveS iu nd40$jiirw tot "Mrs, L trp&ttttUf gi tfctJwi.- - V. ?wiili5dbta Clau fliHeal eafrt-st',-; Tremont was in the .secret and had received TdUh suc her lather alone in the" hall and olvimr Imn her instruction. questions which he evaded.but promFinally when all was ready, and the sig- 'with ised to enlighten them later on when he. nal given to the Captain, the "doors were had a gfod opportunity. thrown open and in walked a man as large After dinner Christmas day. Captain Treand heavy as the Captain hi in self loaded A mont told the story of Fred Montague. with baskets and boxes, his. face hidden beneath a hat seemingly of snow, and a bean) 4errilic storm of wind and hail caught the ship near the Baltic sea, and nut being able long and dark partly concealed by, a "snowy muffler ; he was decorated with .belts that to see, when night came on the darkness tinkled as he strode into the centre' of the' was so dense the Good speed collided with the Friendly,' which had only recently sailed room and began to set down his bundles." out of port ; both vessels were injured, but' "O, he's a real Santa Claus," exclaimed the Friendly seriously, so that: she had to little Frank, while the girls held their breath be abandoned, the men on board took to lest he should. vanish away, and matter of the boats, and as the sea continued high, fact John declared, he was his father's man and the storm did not abate nearly all perFriday.. But the old fellow did not speak ished. Mr. Montcgue managed to sight lior offer to explain, and grandpa who was-not the ship Goodspeed, and" when the pilot in the confidence" of the knowing ones, discovered the boat like a .measures asserted it was one of the country lads play- - v re t a k e n t c fin d w h e t h e speck, - i t wa s.i e m p ty on'them. a ing joke finding it contained a human bejng the " Will you be seated and tell us your sailors brought him more dead he was as if said Ihe ?" here errand Captain than alive on board. He revived under the "If of aware coming. not stranger's the tender care of the ship doctor, 'and lee'l- mes-- ' I deliver will sir my yuu please good ing he owed his life to the crew lie made if then me," and you permit depart himself useful in'every. way possible. The sage said the stranger in a voice so first mate was taken ill and Mr. Montague and touching,that all started in amazement took his place and succeeded so well, with for they knew instantly by his tones he was the help of other men, that he continued a gentleman born and bred. with the vessel, and when Capt. Tremont .took wife the his finding a chance to send him home oil a Captain Tremont and and bundles various packages and handing ship they met bound for France, he refused the of family who to go, saying he would stand by the ship them to the members trembling. held them unopened," as though until she came into the British port. It was quite evident a strong attachment had afraid of the contents, and the Captain sprung up between the two men, and" Mr. up to the strange man said familiarly, " It is midnight, remove your hat and coat, Montague determined to abide with the let me introduce you,", bu' the village Captain. Church bclLs near the farm pealed out the The visit to Hillside farm was prolonged silence and reigned except and the merry party of young people did midnight mass, of for the music the, bells; meantime the not fail to enjoy, the time in a round of gay t.1-orncioiicnfo; nf tilt nreSfMlCt Xp.idiuities The preferences am one the of company, for quite a little gathering had young people came to be quite noticable be assembled noiselessly, and standing in the fore the' holiday week was over, and the centre of the group, Captain Tremont introanxious mother saw how interested Kdith duced to the astonished girls, and to their andred were in each other, and mentioned " It is country cousins and .friends, Mr. Monto the Captain what she observed. nil nVht " said he. " I informed mvselfof tague alias Santa Claus. Then the packsomehad one and were before every ages opened, his parentage and character bringing interest the but from a foreign port, him home as a Christmas present. Noththing sorts all all center d upon the stranger,-aning would suit me better' than to say yes, the in of guessn. was. indulged, among Then suppose I when I. am asked." other and curious" young people. Dancing' should tell you Clara is enamored of one of misthe under festivities, including kissing her. numerous country cousins?" " I should tletoe, were kept up till nearly, daybreak, not be displeased wife we have .not for-- , but the stranger was quiet and reticent and gotten how easy it was for us to fall in love, the disappointed crowd were compelled to but two engagements Christmas week and retire for rest, no wiser than they came conso soon after my return is not very flattercerning Mr, Montague. ing to the father, and it really is more "Christmas however shall not pass," than we bargained for, however we must said Kdith to her sister after they were safe make the best of it and it wont be very in their bedroom, "without my unsolving hard work, two .reputable young men in father brought the family will be an acquisition to be this mystery. Why-ha- s I suppose its all .owing to the this man here I Is he to remain, at our proud of. house or go to sea again when the .ship mistletoe and its powerful influence, we nilc" Piom nci --r,M77lpd a;. her sister: m 11st lay it to something- you : know."-"It- s human nature I should judge," said and. only replied by asking more questions. men and Women "Are you favorably impressed with him his wife, " considering since the Kdith? Would you like him to stay ? Or have .been" falling iu love 'ever creation in the Garden of Kden." do you orefer one of vour country cousins, Tlu dear old grandfather heard the en or one of eraudpa's honest lads ?r'E This and Tremtirh mnrp m thf Qitne strain DaSSe;d be gageuients announced before Captain mont took his family back to the city, and tweeii the sisters until ' sleep' visited them, and when morning dawned, refreshed and irave them his blessing and invited them to in sniriK ' thev sought the break- - count and' celebrate, their double wedding exuberant e j-tti- - xrLwun w 4 -- South vsca jslandv- shawls from Qt iv ory tit lor a micuess. v father safe home, a Derhaos. r.nd. sweetheart. of air .irwn'st so it often happens in real life theunexpected happens. Love begets ldve it is said and so Oil V of the love of doing good to others and promoting happiness at Christmas tinie that intense soublove is sometimes born or created that unites two happy, hearts in a mutual bond of blessing that lasts' forever. In this instance Clara .' married the honest country lad whomv Kdith described as being alway.at home year in and year out, and Kdith the sailor who stayed away year in and year out, and both were satisfied, and although this story is only a simple sketch out of real life it is founded on facts, and - truth is stranger than fiction." OBI rUARY. r- ' MARY ANN UALNHKIDOE HAZEN. - kind-hearte- deep-tone- d d , . step-pin- g r ,ri-- 1 . --- 0 1 d - . ' : . . r i .. novt Phrititinia';. And so the Christmas looked forward to gloomily by these two young girls brought l10 . and innocence, Mr. Montague was thereand several of the guests, young men and maidens ; but the great attraction for all- was the - , them many blessings, gifts from afar, corals Maky Ann Baim'.ridge "Hazen of Brighton ward. Salt Lake City who died on day of of illness-oan 1896, alter fever, typhpid November, several weeks, was the daughter of Samuel Bainbridge and Elizabeth Allan and was born Nov. 23, 1S30, in New Cattle on Tyne, England. ' She embraced the Gospel in her native city, being baptized by Elder Robert Gillies in 1S52, and became the wifeof Robert Hazen August 29, they; being married by Elder Thomas . Squires She emigrated to America accompanied by her husband and an infant daughter and her aged mother, leaving Newcastle for Liverpool on the 2bth of March, 1S55, sailing frem there on the 31st of that month in the ship Juventa, to Philadelphia, tbe-27t- f arriving May 15th, sojourning in .Pennsylvania and in Bellville, Illinois' where her mother died. In March 1S59 she with her husband and child lelt that town and took passage On a steamer Irom St. Louss to Florence, and left Florence for Salt Lake City on July 1859 'in Feramorz Little's company, arriving in the valley Sep. 10,1. and locating two days later across the Jordan river where her home has been continuously until, her. demise. She was the mother of seven children, five daughters, four daughters having preceded her to the Spirit World. On Oct 16, 1S96 her younger son who is now laboring in indhn Territory, Mission, took leave of his m6ther on her .bed of sickness from which, she never arose, but sent a message to him with iier blessing and hoped he would rill a good mission. She also leaves 16 grandchildren. Sister Hazen was an earnest, quiet, humble and unassuming worker in the Church; ever cheerful, "kind and very "hopeful but never complaining. The children will miss Jrandma Hazen, as she was called. She filled honorably the position of President over the Reiief Society of Brighton ward for 21 years, having been appointed Sep. 2 1875. She also acted in the capacity of a Sunday school teacher for many years. She died surrounded by her sorrowing kindred andJviLdriends. and filled with the hope of a two-stes-a- nd -- glorious resurrection life.:' " . and exaltation and eternal "' ; .: . Robert Hazen. P. S7 Sister Hazen was charitable, merciful and a true friend and she was with an gilted exceptionally fine voice in singing-- ; she loved her religion and. was faithful to the meetings jshe dearly loved the" Exponent. tender-hearted- ,, - Editor. Resolutions of respect to our departed President Mary Ann Hazen, adopted by the remaining officers and members of the Reliet Society of Brighton ward of Salt Lake Stake of Zion. whereas, An alwise Providence has called from our midst to a brighter sphere our beloved President and in the Relief Society of Brighton ward, be it, Resolved That in the demise of our sister w e have lost an unassuming, humble and wjllmg worker, also cherish her meraorv the lact that God and her religion were foremost 01 any worldly aims ; that we do esteem her iuimiui labors and devotion to the Gospel as co-labo- rer 