WOMAN'S THAT uri'Li; ' ; EXPONENT, girls' schixl and the 'farre delGalio, used .Next to the Lhurcn-iir; wJ by Galileo as an 'observatory, and the Villa Mosaleum child hood's beside magnificent contaiilsjhe home, my VS(v Afttf'bYk where he livf-- and was visited ' ay" Milton .Medici k.'Yhe church was. due to' the mu Ripplin&.aml' warbling as it danced "along, m 163S. We did not go on to La Xert'osa,. nificence of the Christian Matron Guilfana;. What ferns and mosses grew around its brink; a Carthusian large. Mbnasttr'mmiv'-HVewho vowed if she. should give hkih to u The picture haunts me whereso'er I roam, 14th century ; the pr0siect is beautiful of 'son to erect a church wi honor of JSaiiit fethmkMisten to its sweet, old song, the Vol d' Kmo, they have some fine monuLorenzo. " Lergusson " says " Na'churclr And once again its cooling waters drink. ments by Donatello in a chapel dedicated can be 'freer from bad. taste than this ."onei .to fiow'd the a brook hemlock through The winding Aceiajuolo family. .The, Monks there is no false construction nor anything make Chartreuse wine; we drank of it. to offend. Where it fails is in the want of grove, " Ilarc it me As fair as Eden's bowers," to saysCcrtosa of the Val d' Kmo. has a sufTicientsolidity ahd mass in the supporting seem'd, b'eatuiful in .flowers Sweet every shady nook; position with lovely viewand the pillars and the with reference tu convent . . a cto - " cypress-coveret wnin'g hill is the load they have to bear." The same JJ t ri . r. tU o mncc.trrna'n mrlr ullv I ilrAamM The very picturesque. Certosa was foundthought was in my mind ere Mr. Mc V. ed in the Nicolo to brook. listen'd And 34 by babbling othe Acciajuoli, Grand told us of Lergusson. In front of the high Seneschal to Queen Joanna of Naples, and altar a porphyry slab covers the remains of The bjrds sang sweeter in those happy days, .its. fortifications were especially granted, by Cosimo Medici, 'in the "New' Sacristy,' Their music thrilled my soul with melody, the The Republic. principal, church is are the tombs of the Medici adorned with As pensively I wander'd by the brook, decorated with frescoes, marbles aiid pietra-" M. and Morning Amid the graces of those woodland ways, dura. There is a beautiful Gotbiq Church' and Augelo's DayRuskiuNight," " Four insays Evening." And ponder'd o'er tny future destiny, . of 1300; the architecture :is attributed to effable types not of darkness nor of day not Till life itself seemed one delightful book. it contains good Florentine stain hpf Orcagua mprniug nor evening ;. but of the depart,! ed glass; a picture of ..St. Francis, receiv it "it i...il.nUl the Stigmata, by Cigoli ; a crucifixion the dawn of the souls of men.'' t ing THANKSGIVING THOUGHTS. by Giotto, and a picture by Fra Angelico: Strozzi wrote of the figure of night: In mother chapel is a Madonna and Child How helpless and weak man comes to this world, with Saints, by Perugino,. of which I have "Carved by an angel in this marble white, As frail as the wing of a bird yet unfurled . J'.ROpK. . iMHi ! d ' '. , wild-woo- d pier-arche- s d . 1 ' 1 . . . -- ; 1 T . ! Dependent on Him who measures our souls, And all oT our life and being controls. He gives us our mind and power of thought-Op- ens the. vaults where its treasures are sought.. He touches the spring its wealth comes to view, Enlightening those who this pathway pursue E'er seeking for truth and infinite light-H- is ' presence divine to lead us aright. Why should humanity puny and weak, Try to aggrandize self, and vain honorseek ? The. pomp of this world, its glory and pride, Elude our firm grasp, and flit from our side. Hut Truth will endure while time takes its flight' It lives still undimmed by tarnish or blight. Truth the holiest boon our Father hath given Lifting the veil between earth and Heaven, This beautiful world, has music and flowers, landscapes, and bright sunny hours Seasons of snow bringing wealth to our our stores, and decreasing our toil. Our warm cosy homes, our friends.good and true, Are earth's dearest treasures for me and for you Then holy thanksgiving and praise let us give To Him, whose great mercy, permits us to live. Ellis R. Shipp. . , Far-reachin- g soil-Incre- asing Nov. 26, 1S96. LEAVES FROM MY JOURNAL. . r Florence Italy, ' ; ' Dec. 5, 1895. eight, as we wish to see as - Breakfast at much of this delightful Tuscan City as possible, wTe take early drives in the immediate vicinity, they are of extreme beauty and we "cannot spare the time when the Galleries are to be visited. We drive over the Viale dei Colli, the hilly road leading to the height of San Miniato from Piazzale. Michael Angelo, where stands.his famous statue of David, we had glorious views of the city and the valley of the Arno, our manager pointing out all places of interest and giv-in- g us bits of history. We took a different route back and paused near the Church San Miniato, "Mr. Mc V. pointed out the Church S. Niccqlo before which the citizens assembled in 1529 to swear to defend ' Florence. It was in the belfry of this church that Michael Angelo concealed'himself after the city was betrayed - to the imperialists, till ' , XL, rUctU. prUEUlbCU UU puiuuu-JV- "' vivu;cur . irt, r .... ; r ioruncation ne naa.; construe ieu. wc V 1 drove pasta villa-- of s. 1 the-Medicino- w'-a- 1 - . a photograph. " We drove through the via Maggio,' saw the tablet on the wall of Caso Guipli inscribed to .the memory of the English there so many years and poetess who lived ' died there in 1S61, Elizabeth Barrett Browning. On the right of this turning towards the river, at the cofer of the via Marsiglir is the house where Bernardo Buoutalenti lived and whither Tasso rode from Ferrara, to thank him for having contributed to the success of his " Aminta," by the scenery he had painted for 'it. Mr. Mc V. gave us the story ; although we had read of it, it seemed new and interesting. We now drove to the Church Santa Croce, the Westminister Abbey of Italy; here are j?unedGatileO amiIiraebVrrgeio- In 15 14 Santa Croce became celebrated for a religious, revival under Fra Francisco de Montepulciano. Over the interior of the West door is a statue of St. Louis of Toulouse by Donatello, not a good work .but the Sculptor said it was good Jenough for a man who. had been so foolish as to exchange a Kingdom for a Monastery, The rose windov is from a design of Lorengo Ghiberti ; below it is a tablet with the ; monogram of our Savior. The Church is almost surrounded with monuments of the great men of Italy. Rus-ki- n says of some of them, .''See those huge tombs on your right hand and left with their alternate gable and round tops, and the paltriest of all possible sculpture, trying to be grand by bigness, and pathetic by expense. " These immense churches are full of , chapels the Cappella Medici contains the best church art. There is a magnificent altar piece by Giotto, "The Cpronation of the Virgin, and in the choir the walls, have frescoes by AgnoloGaddi ; on the left "The Kistory of the True Cross." Outside the church on the South is an arcade ornamented in frescoes by pupils of Taddeo Gaddi ; it looks down upon .a cloister which ends in the Chapel of the Pazzi, one of the best works of Brunelleschi. The dome outside and the friezes within are ornamented with Delia Robbia work. In the cupola are the Twelve Apostles and the Four Evangelists. The Chapel was used as a chapter-hous- e and in it fourthousandMonks listened to the regulations issued by Pius V. for the establishment Jbf the inquisidoijnFlorence. ; - Calmly she sleeps, and sofmust living be ; Awake her gently ; she will speak to thee." To which Michael Angeloreplied " Grateful : is sleep, whilst wrortg and shame sur- v vive, More grateful still is senseless stone to live, Gladly both sight and hearing I forfco ; Oh, then, awake me'not. Hus;h, whiiperjow !" Translated by Wright - . - I at first glance thought them ugly ; as I recall them now, think them ' beautiful; hisWorks grow upon you ; his genius all place" him in has never been contested the first rank as painter, sculptor and archi-tec'Tis said beauties aiutexceiicnce.s ofall kinds are to be found in his works ; he sought to obtain the s"blime in Art. Kim. ; t. - CheyKNNK, Wyo. Nov. 6.- - For the first time in history a woman will vott. as a member of the electoral college for a President of the United States. This woman is Mrs. Sarah Malloy of this city. She was requested to run on the Republican ticket and accepted. The honor was thrust upon her. ' Mrs. Malloy is a native of Ohio. She was bora in College Centre, near Columbus. Her father was a soldier in tne civil war, and was retired because of incapacity due to' wounds received on the field of battle. Mrs. Malloy has lived in Wyoming since 1870. She is in full sympathy with the woman suffrage, which has been in vogue in Wyoming ever since she settled in it. She has served as a delegate to Republican county conventions and has always done her duty. She never misses voting on election day. While Mrs. Malloy takes extreme interest in politics, she is a good housewife and ;a kind mother. She has four children, theeldest a civil engineer 18 years old. Mr. Malloy is superintendent of the' Union Pacific Railroad from Cheyenne to Ogden, d stretch of 500 miles. Many of his Democratic friends in the . service of 'the road voted for the wife of their superior officer. Mrs. Malloy is being congratulated for the unique distinction thrust upon her. She will cast her electoral vote for ,"; t Major McKinley. . . -- 