; ...4i r jttti o--- HV a i '" y i. .... , v. jl 4 , 14 !Twmt- - - '..jn - ... try ; ; ' ' 1 . Its voice in an infinite son". peace-givingbre;itli- '"""jn.i guod-by- ; is brief, , JusLnow-- as the slumbers of night Came o'er me in The curtain, half lifted, revealed to my sight' Those windows which 'look on the kingdom 1 light That borders Jhe river, of death. T is beginning: to oil iiicciiiii'O i. irn iv s ' though lonesome ' ' - . 0'.er lowland and river to me. . A GOLDKX of liscioiti) ' ' ; ' ; ; . - .. 7 ." .' This was followed by a song and chorus entitled "Utah the Gem of the Union," . which was beautifully ' rendered by Miss Maud Lunt. The New Star" was read by Mrs ' W. . McBurney which contained choice contributions, from the members. A guitar duet was beautifully rendeied by Mrs. Joyce . Was rankling deep in my desolate heart, I was dearer than ever to you. ' I thank the great Father for this, . That our love is not lavished in vain; Each germ in the future will blossom to bliss, And the forms 'that we love,' and th" lips ' we kiss Never shrink at the shadow of pain. 4 Next was Palmer and Miss Kate Palmer. - By the light of this faith am I taught That my labor is only begun; In the strength of this hope I have struggled and fought' With the legions of wrong, till my. armors has ' ' eatiglu them. a recitation entitled "roirien and Wine" by President CliarlotTeAValker. This was followed by a select reading "Twelve Reasons why a Woman should Vote" by Mrs. Rose Lunt. A ten minutes speech ,was given by Mrs. Jolm Parry, who handled the subjectjof Equal Suffrage in an able manner. Mrs. Florence Webster rendered the vocal solo ' Eong fellow s " Rai ny Day' in excellent, A highly interesting essayon the style. "Topics of the Day" was. read byMrs. Sarah Chatterley, This was followed fry a solo and choi us ; Equal Rights Banner' ' by Mrs. V. Uric. County President E. C. Watson earnestly solicited a full attendance next meeting as they wished to elect new At the gigantic uibuntain lies (.the pastoral village of Pleasant Grove which numbers among its inhabitants two of our aged pioneers. One of 'these, Brother Hanson AValker, who with others pioneered the way to this barren waste and has assisted to make it the Utah of celebrated his Golden Wedding, on Friday, April 10th, 1896. His children and his children's children with relatives and friends poured" in upon him and his. good -- wife Elizabeth; .they have lived happily together for fifty years Brother Henson Walker is 76 years old and his wife, .Elizabeth". Foutz Walker, is in her 69th year. They have had seven children, thirty-ningrandchildren and nine great but far from not all were: present as some live ' the 'Great 4tere, while others have passed tc A number Were present Beyond." goodly as were also other ..children' of Brother Walk-- . er's, his posterity numbering one hundred and eleven Among the guests present was the mother of Mrs- Walker, Sister Margaret Foutz, who has reached the advanced age of ninety-fivyears, and is yet ' quite active. The evening was spent inrelating old time scehesl carrying the aged couple back to the time when they together started out., on the then untried journey of wedded life, witth songs and recitations from the young-e- r members, and congratulations and wish . We have lived from the cold world apart And your trust was too generous and true For their hate to o'erthrow; when the slanderer's WEDBIXG; CEDAR CITY V S. A. t foot of ; . to-day- ' , Leona, look forth and behold From headland, from hillside and deep, surrenders his banners of gold. The day-kinThe twilight advances through woodland and e grand-childre- n, - e . . . ; es iUl iiJctiij ixap'v iLiuiii.--) ik iiiv.iv day from all present, the 4ime was pleasant ly passed, not forgetting the bountiful repast that all present did justice to. They are old residents of this place, and their many friends join in congratulating them : on the happy advent of dav. their 50th wedding i , E wold, a mountains away; The sunset's red glory again shall be furled On the walls of the west, o'er the plains of the . world, And shall rise in a limitless way. ' oificers. ; ! j 1 I . balm-breathin- R. S. REPORT. Benediction by ' Bishop "William . OAKbKY, SUMMIT CO. Exponent:; ' . Skking reports, from other branches of the Relief Society in your valuable paper, we thought you' wouldlike to hear from us. Although we are new leginners, we have Minutes of W. S. A. held in Cedar City, excellent meetings considering the ward is March 23, 1S96, so scattered, and we are so few in number. C. President caHed'to order by Meeting Our society wa$ organized Tune 10, 1895; Battle "The entitled A Walker. song Our president,' Sister lUiza West is very was then of the sung. Republic"N Hymn 'energetic and persevering; her assistants V. Mr. offered John was then by Prayer and all the members seem to be willing to Adams. "."Columbia's Daughters" was do all in their power to carry the work then sung. 'A few remarks were then along. ' The members have alb donated' made by President Charlotte 'Walker. She and we. are" storing up wheat as we liberally the done association, by spoke- of the good were counseled to do. She" was followed by County' President E. Eliza Wkst,1 President, ' C. Watson, who spoke of the vast improve Sec. Ass't. M. Horton, Ella , ' j. merit of the associatign. Mrs. Officers were then nominated. The death of Sister Willmirth, b.ast, President. Charlotte Walker was President Relief Society St. Joseph Stake, Miss Sadie Wilkinson was chosen as alluded to in the Deseret : President, and Mrs. Caroline Ahlstrom as has been casually Miss Maggie Stewart Second .Vice-PreCorey. d O!, Come not in tears to my tomb, " Nor plant with fiail flowers the sod; There is rest among roses too sweet for its gloom, . And life where the1 lilies eternally bloomr- In the gardens of God. ' ! ! g I " Yet deeply those memories burn Which bind me to you and to earth, And I sometimes-ha- ve thought that my being would yearn In the bowers of the beautiful home, to return, And visit the home of its birth. . -- 'Twould even be pleasant to stay And walk by your side to the last: K " -- broad-breaste- K . g And the dews are beginning to weep. The moon's silver hair lies uncurled ', - -- The gleam of Eternity's sun. the" President, after which several newmembers added their names to the list. ; Maggiic Stewart," Sec, Uiaklotti; Walkkk, Pres. Nkl'mjs Houciikn, Cor. $ee. ,- please find Minutes of .Anniversary Meeting of W. S. A., held in Cedar And a vision fell solemn and sweet, ' City Mar. i Sth," 1896. The ipeeting was Bringing gleams of a morning. lit land; ' I r saw the 'white shof which the pale waters beat, . held in the Tabernacle-a7. 30 p. in. Opened; by singing '!The' Battle Hymn of And I heard the low lull as they broke at their' the Republic". Prayer was offered by feet The song entitled ,4Colum-- : .'. Mrs Watson. Who walked on the beautiful 'strand.-bia's Daughter" .was sUng by the members. And I wondered why spirits could cling, ;Couhty President E. C. Watson made To their clay with a struggle and sigh, " oj)ening remarks which were very interest-- ' When life's purple autumn is better than spring, ing; she said that as this was the first And the soul flies away, like a spahrow to sing anniversary of this auxiliary branch, she In a climate where leaves never die. could bee. that we had made vast improve-- . meut, and judging from the vast congregaLeona, come close to my bed, tion present, allayed much prejudice.'. She And lay your dear hand on my brow. The same touch that thrilled me in days th tt ar . urged them not to disband, but to keep on " She said that' in .: in the good work. '. fled, And raised the last roses of youth from the.; augmentation of their liberty women had not neglected their home duties but that dead, they had become better fitted to perform Can brighten the brief moments now. Dow-- Treasurer. Committee of five .was av I ' dart was elected as Secretary and rMM should the grief And remember the journey, J : - r of ilea veil I'iiat is gathering nqw.'ever be Too dark for your faith, you'will long for relief, ' . ... An. Executive , 'Leona, , ' hrk . ' . r ! :'T,,C-&?1'- For the angel to open Aio6 .,V That my spirit may from its p'rUon an - ... Cl;iftreeze ; . r.i ( " WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - re-elect- ed s. 