LEAP YEAR EIGHRES church edict, and the IVnstitutiou hadvpro-""lubTfed pol vg a ui v,; ;ihd "'"the 7 1 hive frr.e.id." condition wc ive fo- - aligned along lines, repteseiiting national lt our issues Tliere was such a iixed seiwimeni mrh the lnll t, hut Congress .took it away. save their- grain to pl.ui! that "others might " j - ; ?r-u- ' - v not. I would sv to these sisters ot the National Association, that men do not 'AS a. . rule, feel disinclined (o suffrage because they do not believe it is you? right to vote, but because they believe it is your right not to vote., I Jut they are. beginning to believe nr" suffrage, because they know that woman has always carried the. burdens of mankind. A man who did not at first believe in wo-an suffrage, said die read Park hurst's arraignment of the "city government, and he' noticed that- while ih professional men ' laughed the women held a meeting and laid out their plan of attack, and the proudest police captains bowed their heads. Then he knew .that woman was the power In the great needed to reform polities. essentials of the world, woman has always been the burden bearer. Miss. Anthony referred to Senator Brown,, who had. not yet reached the city, as the, brother of Rev. Olympia Brown, who was g a worker for woman suffrage She also said she would call on Representative Allen to tell how it felt to have a wife as good as he was. Mr. Allen made a very bright speech. .He referred to the greatness of .Utah Jn , resources, but her- best claim to greatness was in her people. She had started right in giving the franchise to that part of society which intrinsically knows what is right. Utah greatly appreciates this demonstration, made in honor of its being third in the true and lasting Union which is destined to grow stronger year by year, until it shall conquer in every State. Mrs. Sarah A. Boyer, of Springfield, She made Utah, was next introduced. some very good points, substantially as m - . . . life-lon- ' - follows: S uffrage-4.- ndc r The question of lies all national progress. It means the breaking down of every institution that threatens to break down the home. A century of progress has filled our prisons and our insane asylums, and depraved the morals pf men. Something is wrong. 1 of men and votnen We need in our government to perpetuate its virtues.' on is to be congratulated on the addition of so loyal, and patriotic a people as those of Utah. It. is 45 years since Utah became a Territory; women had the ballot for seventeen years, and used it well. In the midst of every struggle the women of Utah had remained undaunted; working' together with men they will make the name of Utah a synonym for progress. Mrs. Emily Richards, of Salt Lake City!' "The-FederaltJh- ; ion was the next speaker. She considered that the putting a woman suffrage provision in the State Constitution was the direct result of the former temporary adoption of if. She said in part: Throughout the history of Utah there has been a growing tendency toward inde pendence, self culture, and among women. The years in which men exercised the righ t or suffrage shows that they prized their privilege and, performed, their duties with fidelity. The revocation of their ballot was regarded as arbitrary and unwarranted: an injury to be remedied, farther than acquiesced in, A " self-relian-ce - fc! "ransrir xkAwxy hearing when "nun could J - pirations of nhe people: Bom kepubltcan and .Democrats parties put it unequivocally in. tiieir platforms. Notwithstanding this the 6rganiAT opposition of the liquor in terest was the nucleus around which various forms of antagonism gathered, so that it was necessary to present the cause before the' Convention with zeal and ability. Still there was a minority of two members of the committee who reported agaiirst adopting woman suffrage on the ground that by the vote of women the. sphere of church influence wouldjbe greatly augmented. Such an issue could iiothut4e inflammable in Utah, and. it resulted in-- a hand to hand conflict of debate; only a slim majority standing firm to their pledges, and the cause of worn 211. But when it was seen that the measure was bound to carry the opposition crumbled away ."so that at thejast the Convention was practically unanimous for woman suffrage. It will be difficult for . the future historian to show, from the records, how deeply woman's cause was imperilled. It was the opinion of many judges and lawyers that women were immediately entitled to vote- - At the beginning of the canvass the Republicans had nominated three women on their State ticket and the Democrats intended to do the same, but before their Convention the Supreme Court decided that women coulcl not vote before the Constitution Was adopted. Women, however, still took a lively interest in the campaign, and the Constitution was adopted by more than 2o,ooo majority. Woman's Tribune: known, butr . be enualrv clear to all. v According to the ancient Roman eaknrl.r the months should have 31 and 30 days al' ternately, but as this- made the year too long, tne last uayoi r eoruary, the month whose 'days were dedicated to the god o; deathpwas cut off.. But when the sixth mouth of the year (our August) had lx.en dedicated to the Emieror. Augustus, the astronomers tound it disrespectful to the memory of that ruler that this month should have a day less than the fifth month which .was named after Julius Ocsar (July) and they agreed to add a day to August, ami' .this, was again taken from February, leaving only .twenty-eigh- t days for that month. By this arrangement the year received . .365 days, but the fact is that the earth jiotable to complete its evolution arour,4 -the sun in that time but needs 5 hours, j minutes and 56 seconds morel. As it would be exceedingly inconvenient, .however, to commence the year at any other hour than the beginning of the day. it was agreed t add a day to every fourth year. Thi ' makeseach year 365 days. and six hours, which is minutes and io seconds too long. The error" is small, but in the course of 400 years.it will amount to al)out threw of i:i days," and these must some manner. The pope Gregory XIII after deep calculation found that the error of the Julian calendar amounted in tin year 15S2 to ten days,, the vernal equinox falling on the 11th instead of the 21st of March, and. as this caused much coufusion in religious festivals,a correction was found necessary. He therefore ordained that ttn days should be deducted from that year by calling the 5th of October the 15th, and in order to prevent a further recurrence of a similar-necess- ity it was further ordained r j -- j r.KNKKAU.Y the. mouth of February has v 2$ days, Init ,U.us ; Year, as everrJ - ; -- . . - . 1 1 be-jHspos- ed RELIEF SOCIETY ORGANIZED. EAST JORDAN Editor Exponent. ry4iu nd red th yearf it5oo, i9oo,etcTi" should not be a leap year, except every fourth hundredth, beginning with the year 2000. Jt.will therefore bi. seen that only , every, fourth year ending a century is Ithat-ev- e West Jordan has again been divided the time into river East and West this by Wards. We had Jordan quite an enjoyable time here Jan. 13th, being the day for the organization of the Relief Society on this side of the river, in East Jordan Ward. Bishop Hyrum Goff and counselors John P. Pearson and Joseph B...Wright . took ' charge of the meeting, assisted by Stake President Mary Isabella Home and Counselors Annie "T. Hyde and Clara. C. Canuon. Sisters Julia C. Howe and Eliza-bet- h J. Stevenson came with them. . After some very interesting remarks by President Horne and Bishop Goff, the following. Ladies were chosen and set apart as officers .of the Society. Agnes Cutler, President, Maria Triphehice Goff, Hannah Anderson, Counselors, Annie S. Cutler, Secretary Semira M. Goff, Ass' t: Secretary. Each of those elected expressed a desire to do their best in, their several positions. After which Sisters Home," Howe and "Stevenson spoke words' of encourgement to all - presen t, with interesting incidents of .their past life and great hope for the future. They were fol. lowed by Bishop Goff who heartily commended all that had been done. If I am permitted to judge the feelings )!" those present by my own, they each had "A feast of reason and a flow of soul. V : Agnes CutlerresidetttTT Annie Cutler Secretary . leap year, as commonly every fourth year is. It is nevertheless quite a notable event that an .interval of eight years occurs .be-- t ween two leap years. Generations-will- pass away befure it happens the next time, which will be the period between 2096 and . : 2104. , Those who celebrate their birthday, on the 29th day of February should bear in mind this year that they will not have another chance in eight years. Ex Lady Aberdikn is a constant attendant on the sessions of Parliament in Ottawa. She occupies a place beside the Speaker i" the House of Commons. XIr is stated by Rev. Dr. Kephart, of Dayton, O., editor of the Religious Tele Jcjf,Jheorganjof the United -- Brethren iu Christ, that since 1889 that denomination, , numbering more than 233,000, has admitted women delegates to its General Conference and to all its conferences of less degree; and the doctor is happy to report that the innovation works admirably. He also states that for many years previous to 18S9. women were admitted to the ministry and ' accorded ordination on the same terms pre sen Dea tor men.-. 1 