WKVONE:' WOMAN'S 1 ... .., , ... ' p..'.?-Vr,,,-.,i- . Y . , and the standard of scholarship adwhich not only has the welfare of the pen logyisul about woman'; sphere' gives way elevated product of her brain f 'ruth, will shc'lnkc vanced; that by the of. pie of the state in view, hut is. 'as patriotic. to the the whole human as 7771- portion tf our 'national prqss; 'and wl plate politicallvvk.k wilf'not only take aiid'iu the pi ogress race promoted: that in the limited her place,. but man will willingly recognize hey .should endeavor to jxt themselves . opportunities offered her she has demonstratit, learning at last that all their interests tijKju the questions that are to le settled hy Now that equal suffrage lias been ed her capacity to grasp governmental the ballot, and in voting should Ikj guided questions and her ability to solve them, to .Utah,- the obsta. more hy judgment and principle than .by granted to the women cles raised partisanship. rppoucnts have all melted and'' i , a wa y , I v ve ry t h n g s or k s i n h a r m y and I W IKK Fok a long time I h ave Jeen in favor of all seem perfectly .satisfied!,- - Ladies who has, Woman jkxsscsscs hi a very suffrage. I believe it will be the means of declared f hey would never exercise the high degree the power to reform, ennoble ' Woman tan accomplish franchise, are todrsy enthusiastic over the and purify every organization of a religious, elevating us. more than man if she. is prepared 'for the great questions that are holding the alien- - social or political nature; now, therefore, lxi " .... : . work, She can have statesmen born and tion oi the nation, and are ready to cast i' it raised under her influence so that they tan their ballots. I see nothing discouraging, 'Ri:soi.vi:i, That it is the duly of every become a power in the land. I believe but believe the little stone of Woman Suf- - woman of the state possessing the requisite there is a need for such men, and it tan frage set rolling here in the West, will yet fill J qualifications, to enter into active political never be accomplished while women are the whole earth. work, to the end that our new; privileges . considered inferior to men., I don't see may be exercised in behalf of pure governI think, the status of the women in the ment. V ; , why we cannot understand the political Th. we t new state is very go- d and is distiued to T situation of our country. I am convinces Ri:sor.vi:r, agree to identify that is the--tint if we are united we can do a great place woma i iu pou J he. higlr ele va tion des- -.L ourselve4iuwith4lie-pliticalqKi!t- y TIealTit good towards elevating ouTrace. tiued. by her Creator: nor will the true best exponent of. our political ideas, .and woman of the state fill less her domestic Y that we will participate in the Primaries and Having, after a long struggle, gained relations as a wife and mother because she Conventions of our respective parties as well aud new as vote upon election day that our voice the right of suffrage. I think it becomes has. a right estimate of her n our duty-- as citizens of the new state of responsibilities. She will preserve her fi . may be heard in formulating our party's Utah, to arouse from our lethargy and use sell respect and dignity in her new position policy, and that candidates may be nomi- all. our energy and the intelligence God has as iii her home lite, and cek with true nated worthy of our support. given us to study the best way to use this right nobility to refine, and purify the political !Ri:solvi;i), That ue extend our hearty not only in this state but also in the nation., and moral atmosphere.greetings to our sister voters of the neigh use' our influence in getting them and also The influence of. woman is the same jjoring states of Wyoming and Colorado and to see the necessity of the same. everywhere. Her condition influences the' we ex p; ess. the desire that ere long the Statistics show that a large percent of the morals and character of the people in the jjeople of our whole nation may recognize women in the I United States are community of which she is a member. The the inestimable blessings conferred upon the .granting of the franchise to women shows body politic "by the admission of man and They are expected to pay taxes and help the political status oX the people. The wo- - Ids helpmate, woman, to' equal political This being the men of the ;iew state asked many times for privileges. supjMirt the Government. case should they not take an interest in this great boon ere if was again bestowed; 'Signed;) and having received it again, i have no national affairs.' "Taxation without repreli liza r. i ;t h J M c Fa u l n i : . fears that she will abuse this great blessing, sentation is tyranny; " Mks. J. Fkw.son mith, nor transcend the proper limits of womanly I would like to ask you gentlemen Htizai'.kth M. Prick, and ladies, if the franchise rightly used, dignity, but by study and thought prove Committee. will not tend to morally revolutionize our herself the inteilectualrpecr" of her' brother" KNAl. kivSOhl'TJUN. man. Tier .education , is extended: her : 'selfish, unintriguing political platform that knowledge is increased; she is proving her Rksolved, That the women of Utah was presented to us by our forefathers. capabilities to grasp and understand, and take the heartiest interest ill all organizadiscuss the leading questions of the day as tions tending to ameliorate the condition of Vic ought to be alive to the best interest intelligently as the majority of the other women throughout the world. of . lie 'country. We want silver restored to sex. In' many' cases her concen:ions 'IMnt tlifv nrrn ti i tlit. tr rir, t wi . its full value (sixteen to one) that we. can w uuu are nicrrasal work of lle FcdL.ratioil of Clubs,and will pay our debts from the products mg and her field ot lalxjr widening I feel .as'. far as tjiey arc aje -iarins without selling real estate. We assured she will prove herself rtpinUoh; THiTTltoTeriilllyther considerations be as occasion, i tnink tiie women oi the. new That they sympathize with the persecut''minor ones until that is accompli.-hed- , then state will prove to our opponents and the ed inhabitants of Armenia, and call upon' see that our laws are carried outr or some world. at large, that, we do appreciate the of them mended, and not leave the law m franchise, by studying the jxiliticaf issues the nation to show their interest by generthe hands of men that will not carry them of the day and voting for men and measures ous contributions to a starving nation. out, there are thousands of cases where that are lest calculated to advance the in Mrs. Kiizabeth J. McFarlaue was intro justice sleeps,, and I for one am tired of it. terests of all mankind. Therefore, in my duced and recited a very appropriate Can we as. women sit by and see such outhumble opinion, the granting of the fran a most pleasing style. The selection in rages commited and not say anything about chise or equal suffrage, has raised theYtatus address was entitled "To Our Brothers." it? I say flf.with such men! - of the woinen ln the new state Let us have honorable men and women and will eventually prove a greatmaterially blessing for our officers, and see to it that we not only to herself, but to future genera-tions- . get EDITORIAL NOTKS. them Don'flet' us shirk our- - duties. See Let the good work go on until all that all women are registered and vote, and women shall receive the sane The Relief .Society of the Salt Lake blessing that also attend Our Primaries.. Keep abreast of the women of Utah now enjoy, by "using Stake will holdJdieir Quarterly: Conference the times; stand for our rights and do. not and not abusing this great boon; oirSatiirdayrSeptember kj, in the Assem- bedaunted. These are some of my views RHSOLUTiONS. bly Hall in this city, meetings commencing also the most of the women tliat I 'am acHKkKAs, The constitution of the stiff, Qt? "UL1 IC? a- m: antl at 2 p. m. It is quainted with. They seem to be waking provixles that the rights of citizens of the desired there should be as large an attenup the women jof Utah to their rights. state to vote and hold office shall glance as possible from the members of the not be denied or abridged on account of 'society throughout ,'triecity and county IivKKY ierson and that, each Presidemt be present "or who has sex and noticed the great strides every nation is WiiHkEAs, ICxperieuce has taught us send an authorized representative.' The " l making in more humane that by woman's .entering into the profes- - "public are cordially invited. Y government, lias also noticed the rapid advancesLons oi jaw, medicine and Tiiiv Woman's teaching, those Store has ment' of women throughout thp wf,rA Drofessions have in. mA been from removed Main St. to the Nauvoo Co eval with all greatness among nations, j place; that by her admission to the First South pu Building, comes the St., Wrest, where liberty (f women, j and universities of oiir country the -- uulrar they have comnifxlious .and - , sceareh-lighWv- ; - has-bee- art-one- -- : ii : by-ou- - r ' ii -- , . ; - " j j . " : ! - 1 j po.-.itio- i - , self-supportin- , i - j . " " : -- 1 ; , . .uun of-o- ur - 1 1 1 ,. ' . .' " . - ' r i - - of-Uta- ' . ; . . and-libeia- . j i Co-operativ- lW-f- e n God-give- n sales-room- s, 