who give and those. who .receive. ror the to been i ll iin:,M..', W- ciitireh';;.vn,'V; ! :V I T nt" iKri.t-fi- t ?, H , vt ' t I in nenau - . - r 'r,.r. I. . ... . S. Richards made an eloquent address in the people from the creeping in to wean l .1 I t. b1trrei'..';i', s cuuu was ',one ureali .TTi'. y'j yi;u' T i ' t ' M; 1 . - '? 'j't'on f "f'lW1"11"" " He to.the say the time would come when the people of 1!liza H. .S..OV.-- as another iilus- - would be tried with wealth; knew we must Uali"n of an be. tried in ana.devqted woman; istei Catherine but did nut allow himself to., wnndp'r fir Forsy the bore a strong tebtimony.. A sisfrom the subject t)f his address Zina D. ter said she constantly prayed for wisdom", Drained. ll. A mineHe also very strontrlv that that Was the greatest, thing to ask for. c? i the wont oi me Kenci society, His She had 'outside the gospel; felt" address as nronounced bv manv to. be n 'fO... nc11( tliinr-- tV. master-piece"- , and it" is hoped hat it may she Joved them. Sister Carlhurst- bore a sometime be published. faithful testimony;, spoke of her Temple Mrs. U. C. Brown made a few work and the joy it gave her. brief and instructive remarks, as did Mrs. Counselor Annie 'Hyde said she enjoyed-hearinP. IX Richards,-- the , presided tof the Relief the testimonies of her sisters, and Society of this stake and the fjfrst counselor .that. it. strengthened her very much. Spok.i. of the president-- . In closing, Mrs. Rich-aid- s of the severe illness of her little son" and expressed a hope that President Zina "knew he had been healed by administration IX II. Young shouldlive and be president under the hands of Sister Mary Ann Hyde." of the Relief Society for at least twenty-fivSister Sampson exhorted mothers to look years yet. and asked that all so minded after their daughters and train their confi should rise to their feet. Instantly the endence and lv ntip witli t1nm Tnlr rtlitire" assembly was standing. remarks. All joined in singing the Doxology, after goxi Sister Nunn bore' her .testimony to the which Joseph A. West pronounced the benegoodness of God. Sj)oke of a very severe ' diction. illness she had been "afflicted with and told A noticable feature of the gathering was that people of all sorts, the young and the how she had been healed almost instantly administration. Said she had prophe-cie- d old, the rich and the poor, the learned and by and seen the fulfillment of it. Sister the unlearned, were gathered together to honor a character so beautiful in its strength, Marguerite O. Brown loved to speak of the goodness, of God. Told of an awful acciT". so strong in its beauty. dent which happened to her little son and Feb. Herald, the faith she had for him and was able to j, iSg6.. exercise. Said her neighbors wanted to go' for a doctor but she, said no. She prayed NOTICE. over him and heard a voice say in her ear, Tin: regular quarterly Conference of the "Fear not your child will be all right." Salt Lake Stake Relief Society 'will be held He was healed and she knew it was the in the Fourteenth Ward Hall Saturday prayer of faith which saved him. Sister March 21. Meetings commencing at 10 Elizabeth Parks spoke of the healing a.fm. and 2 p. m. A punctual attendance power which, was in our midst, also of of the officers and members from all the prayer. Related an instance of her being very sick and she requested her name branches in the Stake is requested. Alt inhanded in at one of these meetings to be terested are cordially invited." ,T0 ",,,alM -I i" iliewoi!,).. 1 . alb-things- ' Kn.is R. Sum-- , - ol Lumimttc ed jwo-rcferr- M. D. J 1 , -- . no-comfo- , j rt r .rxA-n.H.voux- o. - . Tribute Paid to Her Character in'oVden on xier ouveniypiiiuj Anniversary. well-chose- . Jan will ever be a memorable day in Utah. On that date, in. a little New York town was born Zina I). H. Young' k y 3 ist, t whose labcirs-aspresident, of the Relief of the Church of Jesus Christ of Society Latter-dafaints- have attracted, attention. Each year as the "day comes round the people for whonhe has done so much endeavor to commenTfTTTr-- ,, versary of her birth in. a manner in accordance with the esteem in which she is hekb The love for her increases with her age, and of a century have although head her usefulness inpassed oveher creases rather than diminishes as the years go by". To borrow the poet's phrase; "she is seventy five years young." Last Friday being the seventy-fifth- ' anof her a niversary birth, general commemoration of the event, was, undertaken by . theJiranches of the great organization' of U'hich she" is the president. In Weber stake a celebration conforming to the general plan was held in almost every precinct. In Ugden the five wards combined and held, their celebration en masse at the large halt in the new second ward institute, which was well Filled by representatives from each ward. The exercises opened by singing the hymn, "0 My Father," after which Ar,otl V T) .xxiuiaius iiiuuc an eioqueni prayer, inis was followed by the hymn, "O Let Us Re-- ' ,joic,' sung with much feeling by all, "Twilight Imaginings,." a beautiful poem by President Kliza R. .Show, was then recited in an exonisite tTtnnnpr hvJ Afr i Little Lucy Woodward san very nicely the song "Wait, Mr. Postman," after which mdered with marked y yorld-wid- . e e - - .,: three-quarter- . , . - . " , ' A. A 1 , , : Pof-ip.,- .McTATinTCAi:E, LADIKS' SEMI-MOXTHL- Sec MEETING. Y MinuTS of the .Semi-Month- Siiow. Mrs. Doxey and Mrs.. Poole sang a hymii and their effort' was much appreciated. Mrs. Christenson recited the poem, "A Christmas Idyl," bringing out with her well modulated voice the full, rich meaning of that poem written by Bishop Whitney. Apostle F. I). Richards then made a Strong address on the life, work and character of Zina D. H. Young. He eulogized her sterling qualities, her devotion to her religion and to the cause of humanity. He told how impossible it was to think of the ieliet JhJhkiiigoLthis so niau)r devoted had, great womaiiwho years' of her life to its upbuilding; spoke mcidehtally of the noble work done'and being done by the society in this and .other Stakes and pointed out how such labors were "the,, result of this one, woman's unselfish devotion Bishop White of the third ward and Counselor Scowcroft- of the second ward followed with brief add ressesln which" they paid tribute to the Relief Society and to the noble woman ivho is its president- - Hon. ICliza R. Meeting held in the 14th Ward Assembly Hall, Jan. 25th 1896, President M. I. Home presid"Now .we'll sin gAvithoue- ing. Singing, '' accord. Prayer bv Sister Lydia D. Alder. Singing " Welcome- best of all good meetings:" Minutes of the previous meeting read and accepted.President Home said she was happy to Spoke-ofsee and meet with us. a letter just recieved from young man ..who had been helped ta go to the Keeley, thought this was good seed sown. She said she had read in the Book of Mormon about those who wanted to do good and help those in distress but who were 'prevented by circumstances. Thought we should feel for those in trouble and comfort and help them, for this was our mission. Joseph Smith-set-anoble example; spoke ot purity, ieit to grieve over young peopje going astray. Thought the fathers should talk to their sons as well as the mothers to talk to the, daughters, The speaker felt' gratefuHhat she lived in thkpeaceful valley, also for the ' many blessings which she enjoyed, prayed U the peace of God to be with us. Sister E. S. Taylor said we ha"d all come, to get more of the Spirit oLGod here and to renew ou r- - st rength said we were living in perilous times; mahy"fMhT"were" ly ' . Sotylthout . - - , a to-da- -p- -- -- oke-of-prayerrsaid . A to-da- y ; and had been healed. through Sister Mary Gurber said she could bear ' testimony to the last speaker's remarks, for she was the one. who' requested her prayed for; felt to rejoice that these gifts and blessings' were ours. Sister Jane James spoke of the great blpssing Sister Zina Young had lcen to her. Bore a strong- testimony and craved Sister always be faithful. of making home Sophia Nuttall spoke will children so want to stay pleasant there. Our first thought should be of our children. Felt that those who were born in these days had a great work" to r do. Sister Zina Card made an announce-- ; ment about the Exponent also about.-SisteSorenson and her great work and that she was trying to form a class here. Exhorted the sisters to wa(ch their' children and train them. Said dress was nothand ing .in comparison ofto their virtue character. Spoke treating' our hired her-bod- - ning Thoughts, " by , . s - n, y - she-migh- t . - r . -h- elr-kindlvSaid class distinction, felt that the Spirit of God was here. Prayed God' to bless us -- ' all.''- '.;"' President Home made a few closing '. TTI n 1ifflr KucitiAOC fn lair a reiUUlKIS,"' liau a iiuiv. uu.hiii.jj iw 'u lA.fore "the sisters, felt it was hardly the after-su- ch thing to speak of temporal things a' feast as we liad had.Meeting was adjourned for- two weeks. Singing "Do what is right." Benediction bv- Sister in T. Stevenson, - -, - - - j " 