V. 42 - V. v - 'Zt'-- - X on dwiVs-cd- - All the scandal" of .Calcutta is I here is a small on park with a band stand, and whilst the batrtl is playing, every item bf news is discussed. If Miss So and So is engaged it is made known .there as she. is seen driving With Mr. So and So for the first time alone, and Mrs. Grundy is sure it must be so! A - EXPONENT MvN S t the-Stran- d. curious-featu- re is -- the native -- f-Calcutta- as it is n 'common. thlnB to see mlataMc , S n ,1 ihn river ir ueau.uouics iioat up .uiu with great vultures,' or adjutants as are called, picking at them, and sometimes . the sight. is too dreadful to, describe. Another place of interest on the banks 01 Kale the- - burning ghaul-orgh'aul, as.it is. called, .wheic the natives I have frequently sat on hum their dead. board the'ship in the Hugli River and seen the natives build their pyre and when ready pour the fat on it and set fire to it. When hot enough they bring the corpse down on a charpoi (or bamboo couch made of strirg and" bamboo) and turn it over, throwing the corpse into the middle of .the burning mass; 'then; begin the howling and shouting such, as only the native Indians can make.' At one time it was the. custom to burn the wido w w ith her husband; but now it is forbidden by theKnglish law th ugh Until the doubtless it' is done secretly. law interfered many "a child of tender years who had been married, when perhaps four or five years of age and. whose husband might have been twenty or thirty, and' had died, was thrown into the fire with her husband and burned to death. The cries of the victim were drowned by the howling and shouting of the mad fanatics. Child marriage is still, very common.; some girls are married about as soon as born, where there is some, advantage to be derived from the union. Plural marriage is also very general, but among the poorer natives it is seldom until the first' wife is about 40 when the man takes another ab'jut is and the" first then becomes usually a slave to the second, and is very The rich natives have'j cruelly treated. wives-aonce, and they arc generally many 1 . ' 1 . ' . 1 ty 4w44-U-4rc- . cook-room- v - : -- - Vt 1 . UINTAH 1. A. . , Fyponent: Wishing to be .remembered as one of the . 1 . Primaries.of Zion we send the. minutes of our last Conference to the Kxi'ONE NT. Minutes' of the Primary Conference of Tintah Stake of Ziou, held at the Stake House in Vernal, June 1, 1S96, President Abigail Oaks presiding. Singing "Gladly meeting kindly greeting;" Opening prayer offered by second Counselor Roseltha N. - -- singing. "Joseph Smith's First Prayer." Minutes of'the previous ConferPearse; .; for ence were read and accepted.. the past year was read, roll called, showing representatives. of seven local officers and 'thirteen ward officers. 1 .. ; . j j . 1 -- -- . RliTOKT. - and-ther- . K. , - w .JJIIJ.HJ - . . Sentiments of President Brigham Voting's were given in .conceu oy six. primary associations. "t The program was rendered in a pleasing manner. An essay was given by Charles Col ton "Sketch of President Brigham Annie Sister K, Bartlet! Voting's Life." spoke to the. children,, giving the reason Primary Conference was held on this day: that it was in honor of our noble president who'labored so diligently in the cause of. truth: impressed ou their minds the value of being good aircK following President Voting's example of obeying the command nients of the Lord.Vernal Primary answered in concert some questions on the life of President Young. 'The remainder of the program was rendered Meeting was nd j in an interesting wav. journed until two o'clock p. m. . The following brethren were present President S. R. during the forencxn: 2nd Stake Counselor James Bennion, Hacking, Bros. Win. Shaffer, John Timothy, James Gines, I. M. Jones, C. C. Bartlett, Thomas Bingham and James Cook. Singing "Nay, speak no ill.'V T3e1aedictioh by Sister Sarah Colton. Afternoon meeting was called to Order by President Oaks. Singing "Day dawn is breaking;" opening prayer by Maggie Ambrosen; singing "We Thank Thee O God for a Proohet." General officers were sustained as they were last .Conference, .and local officers were unanimously sustained. rendered.An on Program essay the life of President Young was given by Brother O'NiePs little girl. President Oaks spoke encouragingly, to the children; she felt grateful for the interest manifested, and thanked all for; thir attendance, and especially those who had taken part, and helped toiuaketheConference success; asked God to bless all. Conference adjourned until next September. Jenson ward was appointed to lead the singing the ensuing Conference. Singing, "Lead us gently Shepherd." ; Benediction by Counselor Annie Hacking. - . that Uk name In. a, .can. PRIMARY j -- get-iug- . j -- China bazaar, part of the town, esecially ' When the shops a row of are open abmit io o'clock, the' business of the day commences; and a lively .scene A stranger is pestered as he walks it is. along or his carriage is stopped by the' tout who declares you are certain to get all you want at his shop, and further, that at his shop yoti will have honest men to deal with whiht at all. his rivals there.are only liars "and rogues. At times they seem as if they were going to fight, biit you need not fear they are mere words and they have no idea of giving offence; in fact if you look back after refusing to deal with any ofjliem, you will see they are having a good laugh to gether at your expense. In China bazaars you can meet with almost everything you can require, but you will have great difficulty in finding it, and when found, in it at anything like a reasonable price, especially if you cannot speak the language and do not underhand the customs of th-people.' They usually ask about double what they will take. There is an old saying amongst the Kuropeans, ''Multiply by 2, divide by 4, and then give them a half of that.". The Balatneal Gardens are the next place I visited. I saw the wonderful Banyan Tree which is" said to be large enough to shelter 10,000 men. The new branches of the tree rundown until they touch the ground where they take root, and become supporters and feeders of the' older, n: together parts ofthc nee. - Theie is no icasuit why- - very tills tree should not in the course of years where they liye in great luxury and idle. spread so that it will cuver miles. I have uess; but the pour suffer terribly from the frequently spent a pleasant day.'s picnic Mi- custom. ' lder this tree where we have put up curtains As a rule the natives art1 a quiet, docile , had a with and kitchen, parlor race, and when treated kindlyr become cane chairs and couches,' dining-rooetc., greatly attached to their employers. It is and have had our servants there with every the custom to keep a great number of sernecessity, for. the tables which have been vants, eight being the usual staff. Kadi Qne spread oirthe ground, to satisfy ourselves has. his or her duties to perform,, and if the ver thoroughly, in dancing, racing, mistress is a good manager she can conduct courting, playing hide and seek, and on one her house with very little trouble. They occasion we" went : own the river in. native respect a master and mistress who insist boats to the residence of Sir Barnes Peacock, upon each doiag his duty, and if they about forty of us. We were told to be know they 'will not be allowed to shirk it, sure to take to our boats again before 7 they will do it faithfully, and have- no deo'clock, as we could not turn a certain sire to leave their service. One thing is point after 8 o'clock as the current in the imperative on a master and mistress, that is' Hugli River was very stormy lour hours' to keep their word at all timesand pay them in and eight out.. However some of the honestly and regnilarly. It is Well to treaf girls and boys did not attend to the beating them as children; let them see you are of the gong, and the consequence was satisfied ; when they do well, and punish when we reached the point it was found to them if they do wrong. They are keenly ber-j"we alive to possible to round it, any injustice but; ready to acknowlstrTV lirwl 1n" flip Krml-. - ill rn.rVit t'i llti - - ' - ' - ti J J UiUL edge t lemsel vts-i- n thew rong i f i t is proved ill open boats, eaten up by mosquitoes against them. When, you have proved' and frightened to death almost bv henriturh it without doubt they will fall on their, the owls shriek; the hyenas laugh and knees and putting theirdiands together say, the jackals howl.' But we were well se- "Put your foot on me," and after obtaining cured by strong ropes about 160 yards from forgiveness will serve you well until, found the bank; and I can , assure you we were out again. They can be trusted with when tide the turned at 4 o'clock very glad gold if they think, you know exactly in ,the morning and we reached Calcutta in what you have placed in their care, but ' about an hour and a half,, very hungry, as I should not like to trust them otherwise. .we nau uemoiisiiea everything before we left There is a kind of freemasonry amongst for the boat. In one of the baskets, one pf them, andlhey will never tell of one anoth the gentlemen who was desired to see if? er, it is not an easy matter to there was anything, eatable in them, found a findconsequently out an offence, Their cunning and piece of cheese arid a.cucunibe which were ...duplicity is most extraordinary; it Avould native-shops- k tlicplau.sil.lt-w- . - " Abigail Oaks President - Annie Hacking, RosKLTHA M. Pease 0 Counselors ' , A special invitation has been extended to California to take part in an international horticultural exhibition to be held a Hani-- - "burg, Germany, in 1897. - , , 