Grand Hotel ilti " Iy6i'ivre. ... where all arrangements had been made for. us' by our .manager. . ol the;' Second Wardf fay son .Relief iooih with tUese lines, appro.-' Our Time was limited so we oiilv drove and one to her fafuly, ' '.'' piiattri-- hcle'eietl," iutw the Court'of the Palace ofllis Majesty ' "Heautiful Toiler thy wot k" ail done King Humbert. There were other things Beautiful Soul into glory pone we prefered to" see. Beautiful life widi its crowns now won, God giveth thee rest; In the palace Brignole Eole, we saw.j . all fears from Rest and sorrows, w'atchtng masterpieces of Guido, .i'oalo Veronese j Rest from all possible sighing and tears , Titiens, Von Dycks, Turner's and other Rest ilu ough all God's endless years There 'are many' magnificent' .Artists. At home with the blest." churches, the' Church Gariguano. built at .the expense of a citizen named Sauli, was liesolutions of respect for Sifter Sarah Hrewer-lon- , most splendid, his grandson erected a wife of Charles Ureweiton, who.dcparted this monument of equal magnificence; The life April 28th, 1S96. Since God m liis infinite wisdom and mercy .bridge of the' same name, is of great height, seen fit to remove to another has of action, connecting two hills arid forming one of the our respected and beloved sister sphere who held famous .resorts of the Genoese. There are many responsible positions in ourharah, Relief Society, several theatres, numerous Convents, a and was for many years a President of the Association; be it Univeisity whir a botanic ..garden - and Primary while we bow in humble subResolved, Museum. A great hospital for the infirm' mission to 'thethat wifl of ' Him who "north rttihtns" which with the poor house, "Albergo dei wed" we do recognize in l.er death the severe Poveri," ar like palaces, but the .poor loss of a taiUitiil energetic and efticient teacher in our Society; a true friendwon't stay there, prefer to beg; there are and wise counselor a in the hour of trouble, "comforter to the'needy fifteen female asylums. a devoted wife, mother, and true batter-daWe found great delight in the jewelry Saint. Wc also recognize" in 'her faithful labors stores, where the silver jewelry was most and devotion to the cause of Zion, an example. beautiful. Now, last but not least the !, .worthy of emulation of each member of our .thieves, two kinds; those so expert, they Resolved,, that we honor and cherish her uu auu Willie win tuivt hmu jnux memory and mariy virtues, for e,!f e and charity look ct them and that class, who steal your covered, her face as a mantle.che-- fulness beamed from countenance. We acknowledge the things to show you how gracefully they hand ofherGod in our loss, her charms endeared ran restore them again and you give them herU us all, we shiil miss In r at our gatherings, centimes. They all have their ; own way, again, as if you accuse them, the Police take you Resolved, that we tender our sympathy to the ived husband ami family relatives with the here along to appear at the trial, you must pro- bright thought of a glorious meeting in the world cure au interpreter and then you put them to. come, over which sin and sorrow have no cobehind the bars, but do not recover your ntroland yet, loss. ' Tomorrow off for Pisa. Resolved, that these resolutions be spread up-- , Kim. the records of the Rtlief Society of Payson ' ; , "" It is delightful here, , the hole-e many we have seen abounds in delightful sur- y . 1 humiliation," seventh chapter John, "the V Kpistle to the Philipians. This is a great resort for invalids and churches are well attended, when one grows old and ill, they believe there is but one way the, right way. MoudayiSthT-XoBy express train to Genoa, in the direction of Ventimille and Pisa, Rome, the railway runs close to the banks of the Tyrrhenean Sea, on the Riviera, the scenery-i- s beautiful as a Poet's dream, the flowers, fruit, palm and orange trees grow,, almost to the shore, the route was attractive! tp the beautiful city justly, named the "Proud" ("Genoa la Superba." At the station there is a magnificent monument to Columbus. y. to the : j e. -- . : prises, lovely arbors, beautiful reading and lounging rooms, so filled with potted plants and vines you would imagine yourself in a. "The mildest climate, fogs green-housunknown, the sky generally cloudless, With gardens of lemon and olive trees, and gaily dressed people, "and the diminutive flea and mosquito are indefatigable. Sunday, attended service at St. Johns-T- ext "Who shall establish me, my body of We walked thb palace was built for him.the two joi traits J the records &im'e are in tftv ' I . - . j . j , , ! - j j j y j : Hotel Grand de Eundres, only a few steps.- Genoa, a fortified Maritime City,- in the N. W. of Italy, now capital of the Sardinian States, on the Gulf of Genoa, is built on seven very steep ' hills, in the form of an Amphitheatre, on the slope of the Appennines, its marble Second Wan!, published in the Woman's Ex-- . palaces are on the seaward slope, with the roNENT and a copy presented the husband and IN MEMORIAM. hheltering hills in the background. lamily, with these selected appropriate lines, This is a most commercial City, owing to "It .was so sudden, our wh? l?p; Died at UnionNov. loth.'c) after a lingering its xarge harboi, which ism tfr form n How we shall miss her,the beautiful dead, our beloved Sister Miriam Jones; she was a Who'll take the place of the precious one fled Liiiicircie, with a diameter of i.ooo fathoms, faithful member ol our Kelief as well as society, 'Hut God knows best; enclosed by two strong moles, the opening being an active teacher for many years. We'knovv He watches the sparrows that "fall between which is 350 fathoms in width but She was charitable to the poor and beloved'by Hears the sad cry of grieved hearts that call, the entrance is difficult; the divinely, all who knew her. She leaves a loving husband loveth them all Frienrihusband.chihirenjHe and three sons to mourn htr loss besides a numWe can trust for the rest." heavenly blue of the water, has taken on ber ol" grand children. the tints of Mother of Pearl. We desire to emulate her many virtues and Jane Tannek, President. We ordered carriages and drove first loving kindness to the need) rialihouh through , Sarah FiNLAYsoN, f 11. STAKK, was she not health able with to us meet lLIZ failing in succession. Strada rnmmittpp, jn through three streets i zatioii "W ofe etTo"app Tectal e sfn n cer reo our . f k ( uiTxnrsTAi half of Relief g3 lialbi. Strada-Nuoand Strada Xouvis- - htrtabors in" the and a desire these copy tl past Society. simia, broad streets on wliich are the marble resolutions placed on our record book and palaces of the great families: the architec- pub ished in the Woman's Exponent. OBITUARIES. ture is fine and they are embellished with Now she's gone we'll not recall her From a paradise of bliss painting and sculpture. We drive on a Died April 14, ib?6, in Castle Dale, Emery Co. road called via di circouvallazio::e over the (Where no evil can belah her) Utah, at her residence, Sister Annette Johnson To a changing world like this hills back of the city where ve saw the old' Larson at the age of fifty four years, nine months will Her name never loved, perish and one day. Roman acqueduct, and to the Campo Santo, Nor her memcry crown the dust in Deceased was born Sweden on the thirteenth then through the parks Accjua, Sala and For the Saints of God will cherish of 1841. Received the gospel at the. day July, Viletta de Xegro , where w;e had fine vie vs , ' The remembrance of the just. age of fifteen and emigrated to Utah in 1S61; of the city and Mediterranean. Mary A. Smart, President. : lived in Brlgham Young's family for some time. Emma Burgon, Rec. Sec. . which she went to Spring City, Sanpete Co., after We visited the Palazzo della Signora, 'the on a visit to her sisters w ho resided there, while ancient residence ol the doge: the Cathedral there she became acquainted with. Elder ChrisRESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Lorenzo, with, the tomb of St. John the tian G Larsen and in 1S64 was married to him in Baptist. The church was built in 1100, , For Sister Mary Ann Stevens, wife of Edward 1 . , , . o. She was !. lessen restored facade the is j of S oftenemqJeledjand i, eDrUary ' six with, of whom two have children, passed away "black and white marble in alternate stripes 6th A D ' were otner ueiore the lour at ner; beside her in unerea-S'-a. , , . providence has called and looked so ni ben u..tJ 11V M mOUm Cer lOSS. nX MUl "V" AWav from nnr urct fr, a hloKnr c,o Her life has been an eventful one.. She havincr The Municipal- Palace,, containing loved sister and in Payson Relief borne "the" Gospel to Paganini's violin, and letters of Christopher ' Society, be if :':; in her native counlry as well as in Zion. many Resolved that in the departure of bur beloved Columbus, the palace is rich simplicity and For many years she was President of the Primary we nave lost an able and efficient worker, - in this placeand asrsuch "won the Association contains m Mosaic, a portrait of Columbus sister " also U. love and respect of all the children under .her and one of Andrea Doria, a celebrated T""7 Resolved that we cherish her niemorv frohi the but charge; owing to her failing health she was Genoese Naval commander, who made his fact that Jod andlier religion were higher in her forced to her office and for thetast two name famous, by his Naval exploits, thoughts t'.an any worldly aims; that we do years was resign confine'd a great deal of the .timelo her esteem her faithful labors d devotion to th& and much of the time to her hed Durincr particularly against Barbarossa, and the Gospel as worthy of emulation to every member room, rfn wi bitKiichs anu aimcnon sne never murAfrican Corsairs, he" delivered Genoa from of our society, further Resolved that we sincerely sympathue with the mured, but bore her troubles bravely. Through the oppression of the French, he was i n the mercy of the Lord she was able to go to the ' 1528 honored by the Senate,, with the title bereaved children and friends in the loss of a Temple at Manti nearly two years ago and there sincere friend true Latter-da- . " - 1 I ! f - . " - Al-ET- " va, . ----- j -- S n . 4 I ' all-wi- se -. L- s . Jf' ,- - L. - . co-work- er "T" ; '.ii -- : 'a-- testimony-of.thetnithr- of . ' ,, . of Father -- A tnw and-avi- or .ofhis Country, mGcteii to his memory, that - y loving mother, ,and rr-Sainr, again Resolved that these resolutions be placed upon -- . :'.---- received all the house of the Lord in connection with her husband and family. Thus she is fully prepared . 