V "never and it will never be done until .men-AiGod women are free to do the best-thaJaas made it. possible.: for them todo. ue d t . S K X i 'O NK N T . " of two men., voting: again'M tlnV measure: JOne wilbsay 1 aked my viiVndX., Voted a's sliewanted nit'. .When "he makes tip his nbiuK to voe' gainst, it he savvs' iny wife be' dor:e"b'y uieii., alone or by women a! ne 0 MAN -- ' - Arkansas wishing to' chastise out of the members of the Legislature exjKlor'at?d in his face. Because two members of the lions? of 'Congress last winter' thouglit they were and h j j . don't want men to divide itetr.PO vftUui o f rr c vr!v '? 'tr.-r- tjnrSirti'-ior- . 'us but ve do' want men. to tri "vrifc h i in "f took ' a f ttftrattrer'-mpmfters- r it., because-nr.... ..Ircr..w'--';'. to. tneir coat tails to fgzip tmrm'power which they have taken away from to vote lor vt,.. .Now- a man who yoles Hold on ' ns. You might as well say if a man' with against it ahvaVc votes as hh wife wauLwpart, did vc''snt'num ought not to .vott-an extinguished, torch had asked a lawyer to him to, and when he votes in favor, of it he And did not .some such' oecurrcMice occur in. not long ago. An( permit him to light his torch by his, that it votes because his Wife has no better judg- .the British o nren-whis did It. like the old. not engage, in sch vuld be dividing his light, not only would ment, . yet the ul on scenes 11 be damned iisg racef g lit potto ; be l'i sfi a n jLbiLoubliii Jiisjigbtbut the -I see your--f r t he other had taken from him.V-. ch ised on accoun t of tb cmr N'o"yst hycaTf t i led if y5untteciaiii you ybirlvohTand K fr TriKtTc tfritHvi if will ifA krfti don't and you'll be damned an way. It is you have the same kind of charity; for. lis. but. doubling thevote. I do not think Mr. never had any fight with always the fault of the women sonlehow or Miss Anthony -Roberts would care very. much or be -- very another: Just as long as we want the ballot 1 anybody,- and 1 don't--knothat" I ha vt ' ' " ;" v : ;; sorry if it should double his part' vote. the men are dying to give it to us; they ever had any. r, (Applause.) And isn't it so astonishing don't want tu compel lis to- vote. They said that men do vSo hate to have women double as soon as you bring in a petition showing ANOTHHR ADVANCE STKI .their vote and - they, will fairly go on their a majority of women in favor of suffrage, Fok several years, Mrs. Lueinda M. '"knees out men to double their vote w:e will grant, your petition. So we woof Kalamazoo, Mich., has been urg. Laughter.) '" men went out and got five thousand names Stone, the appointment of women upon tht Now if it be true that. women would help ..but they said that is not enough; so the ing faculty of the State University at Ann the most vicious element of society 'why'; next year we got ten thousand names; LArlH)rSlieh.xs:brought4hcnaUer-lefore:---- : " does the" vicious elemeiit ofsociety"oppdse "the": nextryear wegot twenty thousand women's clubs .and other organizations, and', woman's suffrage. Go where you will you names; they said "you are doing fine keep has it thu to public through lead presented will find the most ignorant and vicious.class right on so the next year we. went in ing newspapers. 'Mrs, Stone is therefore with fifty thousand, names" and they said: of people opposed to woman's suffrage. congratulated that she has lived to see I would risk ladies, that is . very good, but we what my reputation as a prophet "now she so earnestly desired, in the recent i i i.i iKnow uou you warn u, yet out just as by declaring the largest, vote for Woman appointment "of Dr.. Kliza M. Mosher, as Suffrage would be where there was the soon as we know and that is the way professor of hygiene in Ann Arbor Univergreatest intelligence and the largest vote they do it. Miss Anthony went to Mr. sity, Michigan, and deiuLof the literaragainst it would le where .there was leasts Dana, the editor, of the New York Sun, tin e u t I ) r . M oslier w ill afsb have charge him asked to use in bev and hisunfluence Kansas of at state the Jin the intelligence. of the women's gymnasium, which, when last election it was this way and the havi- - halfof suffrage and he sajd: ''My' paper will form part of the uuiver-- . est vote cast against it w:as" by the liquor- - is used in theMute'rest of the people .and coiistructe, sity. - The structure is to be - l)Uiit by tin the don't Miss want and to the of And the state next people suffrage." liquor league women of Ann Arbor, and will cost $50,men it was the negroes of the state the men 'Anthony said: "How do you know the 00; $35,000 ha.s already been subscril)ed to women don't want suffrage?" She said for whom the women of this country sacri- end.. J)r.. Mosher's duties will begirt "How many women will have to ask for that need so much, the men without the women it?" And lie said lie thought jfibo,ooo next October. of this country could never have been freed; Dr. Mosher was graduated from the the men who were freed because a woman women asked for it, it would be sufficient, . medical department of the University. oi think it was possiloving humanity as- well' as loving one's but he Michigan in 1875. after making a brilliant child, sat by the cradle of her baby boy ble to get the names of 100,060 women in record as a' student. She began the practice while she rocked the cradle with her foot the State of Neyv York.; Miss Anthony of her profession at . Poughkcepsie,- - X. Vr used her hands to write Uncle Tom's Cabin said, if we only have time we will bring In 1877 she was appointed by W ""D,T"n in t mi!ll and send it out on the wings of freedom nr'i.N sinirlv ot Massachusetts .as head pliysician of tin "Miss Anthony when and the seed of liberty was planted in the laughed and said:- ....... : .. . for women at Sherborn. rs t - is reformatory prison names -- ine)Un hearts of our countrymen. I believe that I you. unng m iuo,opu A full professorship in Ann Arbor UniAbraham Lincoln would never have been yours". So. Miss Anthony went to work and secured the. names'of 300,000 women versity has never before beeA offered to a, able to sign the Emancipation Proclamation had it not been that- - Uncle Tom's Cabin and enough names of men to make over woman. Hence Dr. Mosher may be 're went out before and paved the way in the 700,000, and 500,000 and more of them garde'd as highly honored and tlie Univerhearts of American men and women, (ap- - were women,' and when the Constitutional sity as;.having taken an advance step. . .' F. M. A. plause.) And yet these men who won their Convention defeated Woman's Suffrage lieedom by the sacrifice of women were the j what do you suppose Mr. Dana had for an editorial the next morning? It was headed men who cast the largest vote against Woman's Suffrage. It is what slavery always "When will the women of New York Oil. MAGG vote?" and then the when slaves those been have next. who read produces, paragraph they have the power to act become tranni-ca- l "Just as sooir as they want to." and Mr. Will commence her next class in. Obmasters. During the slavery days of Daiia went right back to that same old stetrics and Nursing, on Monday,' April the South there was no overseer as cruel as chesnut, when the women want to vote 20, iSgSr Tuiti(m S50.00;. the negro when he was made overseer over the men will readily grant them the ballot. Reduction made to Relief Societies wliei; other - negroes and such is. the curse of Mr. Dana knew he would not do it- -he more than one student" is sent .from the freefor the it that slavery impulse knew he woulrl give some excuse and same Stake. quenches ' dom in the heart of the. slave; and whenOffice and residence 23S, East, 4th South. let it go.. But wecmarrel we women among ever I see a woman Opposing woourselves we have nothing else to do. telephone 3S3. man's enfranchisement that is the result of If you will jive us the ballot or some the slavery of women belonging to the interest in the questioii of silver and tariff all r s . r : r . .. . . -- - ' 4 w- -- -- - . -- to-bu- y '."-''"- . ' -- ) u-b- i f . . . - de-pa- r " - J ' said-he-didn't- - -- the-Govern- - 1 - - . . 1 . " . . . . ; I -- : " . EG.SHPP to-da- y . centuries of the past; these, years there has been dawning in her sbulnoj:onscious- uess of the birthright of freedom, and she is willing to be a subject." Why? Because she believes in her very abject condition she can obtain concession whic she could not .obtain as a free woman and the marvel to me is that so man' womeii are asking for freedom . And when good men say to me just asxsoon as a majority of the women are in fa vor pf it 1 will vote for it, of course I know it is not so and of course I know 'that they make that excuse. Now we hear , -- J j j I we will have something, better "to do. I bel ieve oue-of-y-ou r gen tie m Board of tady Managers at the World's Pair quarreled, but I don't , believe they threw one cf the women out of the window We do not deny the men ought y.k to vote because the Men Managers quarreled and they threw one of their own number through the window. (Laughter. ) Did we sav the men ought not to vote because two memhers--i t t tie city Council of the City of De?Ver had a pitched fight. Did we say thanerL ought not to vote because the (wernor nf gxl -- - en-saidt- iie 26,28,30. nim4 1st SoutSSI, SAIsT LAKE CITY. XL 'he K Leading Retail ash House. "FT .THOMAS ' . 