.140" EXPONENT. W( 'MAN'S -- i :. ! s ? i jirc-.eu; - EMMEL'l.'RB - - WELLS for Advertising rates: Each in ! f tVil . h-r- t ; ,h,i . .1 . TnK C ?3fL mail, extra - uvi auogemex 'semi-mouth- ml3? ' v w.ts a;-ir-e.- 7 'Hitt)'-v.rLii- ' , mo-e- ' !ehsi'r U:d PubiisHed Terras: one copy one yrnr.ii.oo; .; : V one copy ' six mdr.th-- v "' one year, 25 c:s. sqr?, ten lines of nonP-.re- died A pnll Sister" City.at Man!i;. .,.;,cr, she Ua, l.,eu W Mi- ! j !, - . several year nv .... count to regular adverts. ' EXPONkNT office, Rooms 227 & 23 ConT;.'Ui!cri I'ni';.'1teg, Main Street, oppohUe Z, CM, I. Business hours frc m 10 a.m. to-- p.m. every day, except Sunday. "Address a0 business communications to 5 , 1. ,,.,; , . - p.i.St. h ,; .... 'Siiter Snow (' 1 ,- wa- Ocvil U'-in- ... ; , ' IeoO, t- for i,.l4. rr ,ier d has J ,? . called there . , 1 1 a (. . the .nlj.Kctlt 1 1 ' ' V i.J eh - r vv.;.. -- ljlfd una the three dav ic.tly helovcd for' her ..- 1 . - - - - ' - ' ' a wry ;ilttrI1ded VrorJ J.ir.rlv .,iKb lilt - iWchu' of .i ieMdeilt uul. ?,;,.,.u SeW'jra titiicsifuin 'v.-.muh- I v :ly his vrae'e coulii Jj.'heard in puticularly char, and ttiany exeelleat jualilic, which cn.:leareJ all fiarts oi tae .irgu- i a!erinCTe, as well . PUBLISHER'. WOMAN'S' EXPONENT, '.vita .vti :i .ae vvr tier to all tno any oi th.: youner'Jirithrc a and much' Salt Lake City, Utah. ciated. Faithful ami true in every depart-better than Sjare..Ml:em. President Wood Entire J at the Post Office in Silt Lake City, Utah, a merit ')f life, a loving wife, an affectionate rtnl is:, unlonbtedly .th.e .m."st wonderful . Sicond'tfusi matter mother, a synipatiietic fiiend, a wise coun 'man of his a;e in xt cjuntry; thougli In-selor, full of integrity and abounding in . now in- hi is. in ninetieth year--- he faitla and good w'ork-a:ni ible, tender, conis A LI L.A Kh. CiTV APK1L, iS.'.iV'ot a gorily s c ; f health and. siderate of the feelings of others and full of possessionand seem likely to continue so for treugth Sinter the vas'one iinow charity. among' PASSING EVKNTS; to com.-The whole tenor (if the "first women to enter into" the. order of plural years preaching during die Conference was thai had of and the her marriage, courage of of first State the The there shuuld Lc"grc.!er?.in and'olnrtlnrncc" Legislature s and Utah has closid its session - and - tlie - bi Is coiivictkini.t!;rough ;tH to the law and co:nm uid.nients of the the Saints hare h?ai to endure in Church. .On the la - I have many of them hum signed by the j. ailerno;n a .Munifcsio: Governor and are, or soon will be, in force. sustaining the principle. was read and voted uro.ti. .bv the conrelra- Bon and reared in New England of .PuriFor the most part the" work of the tiv:i assembled, winch set forih very clearly has !een satisfactorily done', and the tan forefathers, she p "bves-e- d the true char- the duties and requirements of the Church Governor has proved himself capable of acteristics and habits 'that fitted her to be officers; and" me:b:a and what kindoL, WiJman. of influence in the "best S I.alter-djmaintaining his own views when he felt he comt-iiuts should be: in people tlie was ritrht. instead of vieldintr to r)rTsuasion sense;- always gracious and winning, hum- - (rder t oblai-- tiu " nromiscd to chi!da as ble lessnm teaching by example or 'other innuences however powerful, and" that 'they might fulfill Vint wa them,, Evervj one who is at 'alt conscientious musk? ot Pticrnce and" gentleness "of t'lem in baihiiijg up Zion. All eNp.-ctvadmire this quality in an executive officer. x Sister Snow has. filkd many honorable those who sp.oke seemed inspired witii the The women ol I'tah have good reason to positions of Usefulness; she was the first spirit of their calling, to teach and instruct admire the 'Governor's method- ofappoint- - Stake President of the R jlief S octet y of St. the people in the w ays of. the Lord. ing women on all Bo.irds of institutions George Stake, and filled the place for severwhere there was a vacancy , or where women al years, until Brother Snow was called to .WOMEX VOTERS. Mexico. There she was unceasing in her culd possibly serve The Woman s Journal of Boston soon labors of love and after their return to this As it. will 'b. necessary that all women r.oted the fact of the appointment of Mrs. City, she w;R chosen by Sister' M. Isabella should Harriet F. Emerson and Dr. Martha Hughes Home to fill the, vacancy caused by the law in know their politic al status under the regard to qualifications- for' voting. Cannon on the Board of the Deaf and death of Sister Pha-b- 'W.. Woodruff in the we ' thought it would be well .to republish Dumb Institute. Mrs. Iunma J: McVicker General Retrenchment Association. After article front one of having been appointed to Tabor in the Manti the following who was nominated last year for Superv daii Tm:rs ing iiir-. she was chosen bv Sister Mry A intendent of Public Instruction; but .was Temple, -1 th f the .Ute- will- take due NVOnit nut eligible on account 01 women not being 17- lyde as her Counselor, in the Relief. ! the !"tts: herein c .ntained.. Ef.. Society of .the .Sanpete Stake. of Zion, and notJce letrallv Permitted to vote or be voted for has been made one of the Board of Kemtk also to act as an aid in the V- - L. M. I. A It is estimated that there are in round of the Universilv, and is admiral lv fitted of that Stake. In every position and calling for the position; a woman of rare capabili- - d she labored dihgentty to do good and to in- - numbers fiity tlious.n.d- women of voting in the .State. But all of them are not ties, ? teacher of many years standing, a spire others with tlie same noble desires and age voters. Uncertainty as to the number of practical educator and progressive" in all her aspirations. She has gone' to her rest fully Utah ' womciL.pf foreign'- birth and over ei prepared, although death was to her so un- work and attainments. that it was ontv yeaisoi age, wa-- are not yet citizens, a.!d evp?cte4 The AgHrulfiir-Slru lei f.vr. on its Board of officers, Mrs. Sarah' B, a cold, she would soon 'be better; in a'.note to the complexity of the poiiticai situation. Goodwin and Mrs. Emilv' S. Richards, the aauresseu to trie wnter on .March 30th, she Some authorities place the number as hrgli Deseret Agricultural and.. Manufacturing ' spoke of being sick. with, a cold, and .yi less as ten thousand, but: at the best, figuring as hours after her spirit had on- the subject is merely guess-work- , Society has women alsoY Mrs. Margaret B, than there aie.no "which to gase sn Salisbury and Bertha G. Bamberger, Mrs. taken its fligh.t. estimate. 'Vitcr the t;Utdcii H!;d ijcat ta tiic day Mary A. Hendricksou, Logan, and Mrs. The women w ho are nolvjiaturalitd ind Cornelia H. Clayton, Provo; and when we The starry cairn of therefore not electors, constitute two classes, come to the Utah Silk Commission there are the rough and toibome way one being composed of those Vvdiojuavhe A sleep in- the. ro5e of white." five, the entire Board, Mrs. Zina D. II, naturalized-durinthe Young, Mrs. Isabella E. Bennett, Mrs. and thd;-of who 'must xmake A. Caine, Mrs. Ann C. Woodbury EDITOR AL. LI XOTESdeclarations of intention tr beccane citizens, and Mar' A. Cazier. and then wait two vears firt It is a matter of congratulation to the On "issued 'at tVinlMonday can.be TTtnh April rth, vvnmen nf fyivlof nr "tn'cJ the to them a, regular,-- ship papers f All Miss women Club, Sarah Rf aPr ol foreign nativity-wh- o are or thesilkbill. Two of the women on the J have been iuioic formarried to County, (and silk couiniissiou are practical serictilterists citizets, either native., of New. York born merly n on entertained City) the are turalized, and have done much brimitive work. The themselves citizens, Club with an extremelv interestincr' account the of the is husband having had citizenship industry decidedly voniairs"work7 andj of the Red Cross t and of t its Nation-i he.effec zi t of Society, iia n ural if methods' ' uov' anticipated are carried o "will, g t h e wife, by v i rtue v al r x 01 mis country, m;ss Uara ax act. ot Congress. All children of for- out, provide light employment for hundreds Barton, ' Turkey whither she of women and children. birth, both m;le and female who went wutb relief stores for the pfrsecuted were residents of the United State's arid The annual meeting of the State. Federav and afflicted Armenians; MissElliott was under zi years of are at the time of the at jonusiowtr alter the natuializatioa. tioh of Wouieu's Clubs, will be. held in r11" parent, are entitled there, working for the to vote," if now 21 this city, , at Unity Hall, May 20 and-21sufJerers. Sheas a verv t;denfed Those who arrived, jn the United States A fine pjogram is being prepared. ' wonderfully gifted witn language, easy and , bejore they were U vears of ao--e and hi- s j - 1 a-- a-- , I . . ) . i ' " ' j i ' - , - i 'r-.- r - . - thc-tria- 1 pers:-cution- ' 1 Legis--lator- s , a j . y ' - 'bles-ins- - . I . - d ; ; ; f j - - - - - - e the-len- d -- . -- , I " - ; f d forty-eigli- ! t. stati-tiesx- ou ' night,-Afte- r - comine-camna'in- . ! Mar--gar- et the-oth- - er e b-h- ire - ! T ! 1 f : 3 ' m j i w . ) - ; who-isnowi- 1 - ! j of-the- terrible-catastrop- . ir he - r" ftti-pn- 