WOMAN'S EXPONENT. AVJi: IN PRAYER. uou amri ve(c.an alone, Yvh&J knelt me down by His great throne,. knew my heart. - Anti then-He To help me dp my part. I dues, said our - . a 41 year s. bride. j . ' fined a nominal sum. Miss Maud Pratt said, that on account of her inability to attend regularly, she desired to tender her resignation. It was, however, moved and carried that Miss Pratt's name be retained upon the roll. y Meeting adjourned and prayer was ' im D. Alder, The next portant Lj be matter to attended 'to was delicious re--. freshments served by the young ladies of " ' ' the club. " KllisR. Slurr', Rec; Sec. - ; 1 ! So inay He guide me all along,' In thought and prayer, in speech and song ' . - . Unto tiiat better land. c. a. c; LIFE IN DEATH. ' ' Whisper gently in her dead ear, Another soul has caught a spark Froni the dying torch that she laid down ; Will feed it, .breathe it into llame ! , Perhaps her soul may rest in ease May .quieter sleep, if she'should hear That still her.ligfct burns bright and clear Like vesta! fire in temple's fane. She died of you give it a learned name, . ''''.1 know better what opened the way To her sweet soul imprisoned in clay, She died, I tell you of starvation's blight. The love that was hers by natural right ' Was coldly withheld ; she bore her part, With a smile on her lips and a pain in her heart. Now here she lies all free fronTcare, No only her body, the shelter fair Of fairer soul,Which has gladly gone To live in love near the great white throltie. Nevada V. Davis. , , - - . , ! proposp:d constitutional Oct. 23, 1896. C A'(i7. W Oman's Exponent., Will, you kindly publish the" following proposed amendment to the Constitution of the National American 'Woman Suffrage . " Association 7 ' : OlTered , . RKCKPTION TO CLARA - by Laura Clay, Lexington, Miss Clara Barton, president of the ' w-er- -- . tke- -M- - -- Ky. Rachel Foster Avery. Vice-Pres'- t; Vice-Pres- U.. Vice-Pres- W. P. C. The Utah Woman's Press Club held its annual meeting oh Wednesday, October 2S instead of the 31st because of the woman's - mass meeting to be held on that date, - It was a very interesting session, President B. Wells presided in her usually 'dignified and called upon Mrs. Maria Wrilcox fanner to open the meeting with prayer. U JllL secretary then cajled.' theirolL and read the minutes of "the last meeting which approved, The President explained the results of the business meeting of the exeeutive committee and our Reason for changing the present "meeting from the regular date and said : " Our program upon tue present occasion is to attend to the business of electing officers for the coming-W vear nnrl - th'i iiterary characters by the different members of the club.'1 - -- : - -- im-rH)rta- : - BARTON. ; In Article III., Section 1, strike out the words " to attend all its meetings, to participate in all discussions that may arise, and." " American Red Cross, was given a reception at the Shorehan: Hotel, Washington, D. C, October 8.V The chief decorations, of the "Regret." Hags of all nations, and the Dr. R. B. Pratt with a bouquet of sweet parlors orchestra"" hawthorne blossoms, leaves at.d thont, and. played" the national airs of the ' countries of the world. Miss Barton the letter. A in gold and scarlet upon her principal breast read " from Hawthorne's " Scarlet was assisted in receiving, by . Dr. Julius Letter," the extracts being very interesting Hubbell, field agent of the Red Cross, and as; were also her comments and. moral by Mr. A. M. Wister and Mr. George H, Pullman, who accompanied lier to Armenia. taken from this pathetic story. At the banquet covers were laid for one The characters throughout were Well sustained, evinced by the readiness with hundred, on tables formed to represent six which they were detected. The members large crosses of .white with red stripes, like eml)lems of the Red Cross Society.-..'.too proving themselves remarkably converThe speakers were B. II. Warner, for sant with literary topics ai;d characters. of Washington ; Mrs.' Sara The President expressed her pleasure, the citizens oh behalf of 'personal friends; with the evening's entertainment and said Spencer, Commissioner Ross, for the District of she regretted the motion being made at our. Mrs. A. Logan, on behalf business meeting that we should elect '.no Columbia;mothersJohn of wives, and daughters of soldiers ; one to office who was not present upon this Mrs. M. B. Pratt, for the W. C. T. U. of occasion, as so many of the ladies wrere act- - the district ; Captain Huntoon, (instead of political "en m pni giLancL ajor-McKh "Mrsr could Hot be here to represent themselves. Kllen Spencer Mussey for women attor Klla W. Hyde .who made the motion was ' neys; Colonel Thomas Wilson, for the willing to have the motion reconsidered Loyal Legion ; Mrs. Ruth D. G. Havens, which was accordingly done and by vote of for the Academy of Forty ; Mrs. Sara D. the members, carried unanimously. Mrs. LaFetra, for the world's W. C. T. U. ; and 'Hyde then made a motion which carried, Mrs. Fannie Poineroy, for the Legion of that the President appoint a nominating Women. Secretary of the Navy committee. R, 11. Pratt. II, - A. Badger Loyal Herbert, who was among the guests, euloand K. J. Stevenson were appointed, by the Miss Barton's work in organizing the President to act as that committee. The gized Red Cross so that it would exist as as committee then withdrew and pleasant chat the Government. Miss Barton in long returning was engagedr in ; until their return, when "her thanks said : .the' chairman, of the 'committee gave the Fnends If you ask of our mission what following report : Ruth M. Fox, Pros' t; wre found and what we left, there is really Klla W. Hyde, Syntitha but this to say : We found want, desolaR. Ellis 't 2nd ; Dickinson, tion and suffering, and relieved them soTar 't at large; Oreille Curtis, as we were Shipp, able. In spite of all, these are Secretary ; Hattie Harker, Assistant Secre still there, and they have grown since. tary; Lizzie S. Wilcox Cor. Secretary-- .Winter is approaching and unless the open Olea Shipp, Assistant Cor. Secretary; hands of charity, not of this country alone, Phebe C. Young, Treasurer ; h. D." Alder, but of all civilized countries, be reached out Auditor. to them and access be secured, hunger and carried and thar cold will gather the victims in by the tens The motion was. made as we accept the names prepared by the of thousands, and bury them like the fallcommittee for the officers of the U. W. P. C. ing leaves beneath the snow. " . for the ensuing year. George A. Polk, financial secretary of Thenames of Maria Miller Johnson, Julia the society denied that the Sultan of Tur- IvirisTIcDonald and Augusta Joyce key had conferred a decoration on Miss BarChrocheron were also accepted as lionorary ton as had been reported. Miss Barton had members. LT D. Alder, H ."A; Badger aud never spoken to the Sultan. Letters of K. Jtevenson were sustained as program regret were read from Secretary Olney, Postmaster-GenerThe months. Wilson, committee for the next three Secretary to committee 2 Morton, Secretary Francis, General Greeley President also appointed; - Ex. attend to preparing a book which should and many others. contain the names of the officers past and ladies appresent and of all members. The The recent National Council of Women B. Pratt, . .Dr pointed were Dr. R. in ; Germany was a notable gathering. K. R.-- Shipp and Klla W. Hyde. ivclv-ciJas:ediii-- amkndmjunt. Philadelphia offer-vdb- I 'Sunday, January, IS95.. pwvlMPrtot: all s rttJM ) . by-law- r, b paid 'with- i3ctila'laud' tliaV all "who 'lailedf to Ierform their part on the program should be ! " The shadows fell and evening came, But He was with me still the same, I felt His loving hand. ' Pearl Russell bedecked Ui the crimson Autumn leaves looked 'the very queen of Autumn, and 'gave'" a beautiful poetic sentiment; !, C: C. R. Wells read Klh Wheeler Wil- cox poem "Whatever is is best.' Ruth M. Pox in quaint costume and de- mure mauner represe, .Ted very perfectly the tharacler of Alice fCarey,; and recited her i' sweet little poem " Paintiiitr a Picture." Dr. K. R, Shipp gave a sentiment from Shakespeare, Mrs, Harkef with a very long fellow pinned upon Iter dress, gave a charm, ing quotation from the poet, whose words are deep heart tones awakening the sweetest sentiments of life,' President IC. B. Wells in velvet gown and silken .scarf, read inker most charming manner Jean Ingelow's -- "exquisite poem' ' i . rs, Phele antd practical: .sentiment 'from Owen Meri-- -' d 1. 1 s" LeUe " Man out cooks, ' ' .Klizabetli iftevensotf routed herself as a night and day nurse and " I " Then rnerciful and pityingly, I felt that He looked down on me, ... rtot;nn . nt ; . al . v , -- 