1 - U - VV Ctjdes of Con tinental Ku tt wo man. in ri.sreet to' her Ders-nird- ' tion m matters ot divorce,- ior - orotcc. certain ! 5. ; inan'are'j;reer Utaii'those: of the ,7Wo-- , m jka-.- OMAN" S K X VOX K N T . 'rVTtifvit 'Viilt'v nrf a Inch we deserve hlllc i t'a'1 reM- - is preparing usjor ntiH great. (;u;;d)r;;j,iH)v lie and ei. event 'which is' pronheci'ed will c'onnV in .1 its uovv. - n mv time. nr danger' ol.: saying surely the gods to romc Hilt ston a 'run. earth.with it dfnv:r tttti.'makin'v it itvimto obtain a divorce. mmhtv movements that can r.o more. ie ment, lor those who reau'the. scriptures In ever)'- state of the Union, except'' kaid by the hand of man, than the rushing and believe the prophecies can see clearly-althis is in the program, and much more. IeniH'See, at tne present tune the wile's waters of the Niagara or the tide oi the Then let us be awake to our. duty and ocean. Of woman's mission in this onproperty is so far seenred'f;r her that it cannot he taken for her lint hand's debts, and it" ward march; would repeat the divine learn our lessons, 'giving strict heed to the she survies him, it is to be lier sole and command i4( live her of the Jruit of her l.avs given by our Lord and Master Jesus, vior ' of mankind. - Then nothings separate property - Hut a "majority of the 'hands, and'Iet her- own works praise-- her the ""Sa r l.'ri.t 10 i..us, any more man it states go further than this and give to the within the gates." Equality between the seems wonoenui wife the sole ownership ami control uf her sexes' is. not in the cental portion of the did to the disciples. of Jesus, when they saw same' work", but the 'equality of their whole Him turn water into wine, or call the eleproperty as if she were unmarried. In Kurope the widow'has not full power eontributi.m to the welfare of the race. ments together which served to increase the to be guardian of her child; she must act II ul then Twentieth Century! I fee a loaVs and fishes. Please read the Acts of the. Apostles, and under the advice of a.special council appointrace of men strong, brave and true because ed by the father in, his will, and the widow the. mothers of men are free. Go to thy we find fiiat in being obedient to the laws cannot discipline: her .children without the grave oh Nineteenth Century, a century that given by the Savior, they had this same concurrence of the nearest relatives on the will stand out for all time as an era that spirit given to tiiem ana oy it tnev clia the father's side. So 'we can plainly see' that we buried slavery and ushered in liberty, that j same things. You may ask who can do Wi Hsay; I and ifnot why? are far in advance of those olden Countries enfranchised the colored race, and this "in many respects, and one must attribute and when the historian shall make up .tile know of those who. have given strict heed this in a great degree to the progressive-- ' records of the 19th .Century, such men as to those laws or lessons as you may choose uess of our women; continually presenting Lincyhi, Sumner, yilliam Loyd Garrison, to call them, and. they never fail to get a their claims before its Legislature until Garfield and Gran?;' a century that had its knowledge for themselves, yet must not men 'saw the justice of their claims and Kli.abLth .Cady Stanton, Lucy Stone, of it', as Jesus often cautioned them yielded to their demands, and women' are Lucreti t Mou; Susan II Anthony, Frances saying, "See thou tellest no man of it." Willard, Clara Barton and many others who Then the temj)ter will show us what he making the most of their advantages. ' men The relative numerical positions of have adorned 'and en bled the world, who can 'do and tiius confuse our minds. amiin as investors and women building assisting in t the work they have su ; cordiugly we need wisdom- as - King Solo- loan associations, is as one to four, that is magnanimously devoted their lives to, and mon said, ''In all thy gettings get wisdom. Is not. ?5 per cent of the building and loan shares may. posterity to the latest generation StrenL'th and power are hers etc." of stock in the Kastern and Middle Western cherish their memory as we do, that it may this life a school;" and is there not an oppo. States, are owned by women. In New be a guiding star to make the world better, site in all things? We were sent to this .school to learn both; accordingly we need' Jersey every fourth shareholder is a woman. happier, more virtuous and proserous. In a teachers building and loan association wisdom to give each its proper value and Sarah Boykr. in New York City, ninety per cent of the (Written for Mrs. Stanton's birthday.) also its proper place. This is the faith of, members were women earning their own M. K. K. money,, and "many of' them built several fHi: FARM ICR. houses to rent through the association. The tremendous- financial power which, DR. MAGGIE G to me in become the how this ..farmer women might is ask, allow country,. they I remember is Well therefore realized. as never It have yet appreciated' Will commence her next class in G .vears ago, I looked 'upon thf an exploded theory jthat women who have about and Nuising, on Monday, April man of the be with as' to must independent manage provided property 20, St3. Tuition $50.00. "not shebut"the I most a human do is' not mean' so, that fimily; only Reduction made to Relief Societies when guardians. more honest or wiser financier than man,, Godlike." more than one student from the The farmer's care was to feed and clothe but simply that she is a more careful one. same Stake. Hence we find, though prejudice of race and and provide f .r those under hi care; not Office and residence 24 W. North Temple his but his horses and and the cattle have "only family, disqualification gone religion Telephone 383 . of sex is disappearing by the free opening as well as , tlie feathered trilie "must be g""ffWBUfiar.1 up of all professions to meritorious appli- - .sheltered and preserved fiom the stormy 1 weathei and attention ncrmtSTThat Cti stonr-is.... 0 Jmmitm as one of the fundamental maxims was given in looking after the living beings. All his. care was in looking after that .which in ancient jurisprudence. Uut the deform' ities and failures .which resulted from their had life and seeing that it was in a progres-sive- . 26,28,30 and32Eas1 1st South Sl.v slate. This to me was charming, and efforts gave rise to a new Code, baed on SAT,T LAKE CITY. principles of justice and equality,, But this I shall never 'forget the impression made achievement" has not been instantaneous, upon my mind at that time. Now I am 77 years of age, but when l woman has not' obtained a place in the pro- The Leading fessious by demanding her rights, as Shy- - .; look back upon those days I feel the same lock contended for his pound of flesh, but like impression, and ask my.self is not this' God ;'. Portia by unfolding the harmony and the like. ., But during ihc last 50 years and more, correlation of legal and equitable claims. Merit has no sex; whoever can work and we have been so much captivated ly the wait to win is sure to achieve both recogni-ti- on arts and sciences, yes, perfectly charmed by and success, and in the uplifting of her them, that we gaze with woiu'erauclamaze-men- t and ask what comes next. : Yes, the sex she follows a more divine star of amhi-tioDR. K. R. SHIPP'S CLASSES. than' that" which sat at St. "Helena. photographs taken so quickly and when vvomen colored and married mothers must the look. so like, a child might say, The Dr. Ellis R; Shipp will open her school a a of constitute ever will speak to us great majority of Obstetrics on Tuesday o k Anril an) wait .moment and vthey, , . i j it is it aud should be that right population -Hut wliat are so, they thinking and doing, steam and electricity, is also wonderful: efficient nurses and competent accoucheurs, and do not we enjoy a ride on the cars when the Doctor will devote more of her time to is the thinking and doing of a' nation; Polipropelled by, electricity? Yes indeed: and this class of instruction. She has made especially is this true of a Republic tics, I know, are a bye word, but if those avuci. ,mu.. mat person special pnees to societies- who are engaged home women could be enthused with the come,uiUAjas .who; will; navigate the air a Isaiah m philanthropic work." ' love. of country as the mothers of the Re vosaw, when he, ni speaking of the gathering Those desiring to study should com'muni- do not learned think it would n ireai, ue aia t i uey came like doves to cute to Dr. lution it, you 'Khinn at 18 Main f either be improving to the politicians? ..Our great- - their windows. ' Will not this remind us personally or . by letter. the t:iifl!?!Elt$ni. in tevTbr ;iuit NWqung cf?Vy - t v.r-.it.lU-- . - l , we . ' - " . a . ; ru-omai- i i ; to-da- ' - a.1 '! y, j j , i " 1 j Ac-ar- e - - j . . . ' SHiPP - to-day- ? Ob-attU'i- fn---m- the-mos- t 1 is-sen- . La t ' - me and-recng-n- ized . V v J i Retail Gash House T7 m " : OMA; j h -- , . - . - " . : - -- f - cs 