WOMAN'S EXPONENT. NATIONAL PLAN OF WORK. Thk following- plan of'workTor recom maided by the N . & .. ;V 1S9& .S. , A.. ..U the annual meeting in Wahingtbij ' was adopted by the convention: ' Believing that the surest path' to victory lies in the united, earnest and harmonious effort of a great and powerful organization, based upon the one claim of "No sex in citizenship," we recommend that the chief line of work for the coming year shall be Last year- the Plan .of Work Committee said: We believe that three things are of supreme and immediate importance. ' A practical plan of organization, .1. which shall unite in State and National Associations sufficient numbers fairly to represent the true status of the. question in the minds of the public. A method, to bind the clubs more 2. closely to the State and National Associations, and to find a means of keeping every 11 j v.i ri i mi l nil nr un r r enfranchisement of women shall relieve it of furtherresponsibilities. . 3. Methods toniise money .with which to conduct the neces5arv organization. In 1896 we believe stiltHbat these three unngs are 01 supreme ana immediate im portance." We believe the connaence es- Ui bli shed in the possibilities of orgauizatKm. resulting from the successes of 1S95 will in- spire each member ot the Association to resolve that twice the amount of money shall be expended lor this work in 1S96, and every member should join intheambi. tion to assist in producing a double club membership by the next Annual Meeting . further-organization- .. - ' 1 1 111 11 11 1 in 1S97. 1 1 1 .1 1 1 v 11 1 1 1 - 1 ' ORGANIZATION. We "recommend that a standing Committee on Organization be continued rtul that it be nominated by the Business Committee and elected by the Convention, as last year. ' TU I, tzf U . . I T ' l l- - .1' e - .1 : : " . . It has been demonstrated that a compara- tively large sum is required for clerk hire in ordertodo a correspondence necessary to do efficient field-- work. If double the money is to be expended in the field the , r J r j v " J proportionately larger for office expenses. We therefore jecommendxthdt ,a regular clerk be allowed 'the Organization Committee , and that an office be provided 7 by the Committee convenient to its chairman. We recommend that each lecturet; employed by the Organization Committeexbe authorized to use the title "Lecturer and ' Organizer of the N. A. W; S: A. ,r We recommend that the provisions in the : ' ; , canifd 'bei g. jpSi ? . a contract with each organizer employ cd - as to financial remuneration, ' ' be adopted for " 1896. - -- a nd rvitTrttetpnbiK compelled every; jepeetbr of the. Declara- lotnl e was ti tion of Independence to believe in Woman ' suffrage. ; We recommend . that the Organization . We recommend, further, that in all States Committee be instructed to aid in strengtlr-enlnaud increasing the organization of where unjust laws exist concerning woNorth Dakota, Soutli Thkota, Montana, men, the State Association shall endeavor to Idaho, Nevada, Arizona New Mexico and secure the revision of those laws. We re- Oklahoma. These States surround our COllllueuu iiieiu uj u.i;uttic xui xuuuiaumac, States where, this and in the twenty-thre- e nucleus of suffrage States, where the great. .11 '.1. . rr r er promise of the early enfranchisement of lorm oi sunrage lsenioycu, iou.se an ineir women Is to be found. The work so well powers to get out a large vote of women to agitate .either for begun in these States this year should be Next we urge them continued until all are fitted for campaigns. municipal or presidential suffrage. Wre reWe recommend especial attention to Idaho, commend to' all States that they defer askwhere an amendment will be voted on in ing fora constitutional amendment to be submitted to popular vote until tlie State is November, to Arizona aud Oklahoma, where Constitutional Conventions may be well organized, and until there are strong called during, the year, and to Nevada, indications that the chief political parties .where an amendment has passed oneLegis- - will endorse woniiuffrage in their platr . . lorms. c lature. re also recommend that each local club' We recommend esjecial help in organization for Delaware, where a Constitutional' send delegations to each county political Convention is expected soon. convention, and to each primary when We. recommend that each Southern State, possible, and that the State Associations not yet well enough organized to hold a send delegations to each State Political State Convention and elect its oificers by Convention, and urge upon all of them the snail be aided in orgauiza- - endorsement of women suffrage in their representation, . t fa b eveut that any Southern platforms. We recommend that this Association to hold a Constitutional Con- ventionthe work of the South shall be urge tne women mrougnoui itine unueu As States, whether in organizations or out, to concentrated upon that one State. Virginia stands at'the foot of our list of see that, delegations or. individuals wait on States in point of organization, we unre es every man who holds a legislative office, or is a candidate for such office, to secure his pecial help for that ijtate. We recommend that each State appoint promise for legislative action favorable to woman suffrage. an urgamzation committee to pusn tiu We recommend that a Committee of work ot'Otate organization, ana we urge LetterTritcrs shall be appointed 'by the especially that each State, so far as possiBusinesConnnittee. The persons to serTe ble, effect county organization. on this commiUeemust all possess unusual WORK FOR CLUBS. gifts in the art of letterwriting. One shall We recommend the continuation id tt will be. ui guTiizer. TTtpioinledbr-tnd- i financial support of the Course of Study in her duty to place herself in correspondence Political Science. with the new cl,ubs reported to her"hy that We recommend the continuation of the bhe will encourage ttie new organizer National Suffrage Bulkti?ix as an economworkers, auvise.inem ana neip rnem in an ical and simple method of communication waspossible. We believe by this means, . with the local clubs. the local club will be nurtured more careblank-bookWe recommend that for fully that clubs compos- order-boosecretaries and treasurers, and yj. i v.aiv ttit3 xxsci in-- , necessarv for local clubs. be.trained to imyibecome independent forces. shall be kept in stock at the headquarters, ' FINANCE. where they can be sold at low rates to all .; clubs. We recommend that letter-pape- r The Plan of Work Committee estimates with a printed head suitable to all local that $10,000 should be expended by the clubs be provided at headquarters, and sold Organization Department in the coming jto all who desire it year. We believe this amouut can be raised We recommend .that the Business. Comwith proper effort. mittee appoint a committee of three to preRecognizing the aid t e Kutertainment pare a, series of booklets on the, biographies Committee has given to the local clubs in of the early leaders of the woman suffrage suggestions of ways to raise money, we movement., These 'biographies must be heartily recommend the continuance of that brief enough to be read at a program meet-ing.committee. any club. We believe a more inWe recommend that each local club in timate knowledge of the- - personality, the the United States be appealed to for aid in . v g 1 " " m. -- , . . - Suite-decid- es . . I 1 .1 T.T a. . . s' than-heretofore.'an- k I work as possible shall be placed, in the We recommend that the headquarters. a: :n t r it- - r it ,j ti puuucuLion ajiu mailing oi me zJuiieim ana all business connected with it be placed in the headquarters. We recommend also work' theclercal necessarily arising from the orders and mailing of the books for the Course of Study be. transferred to " Phila: delphia, ;. - A re, . . it A. . Bountiful,." Mrs. Southworth, the N. A. W. S. A. lias been enabled to establish a We have headquarters in Philadelphia. needed a central point from which our long work could be issued, and that we have at last established a headquarters in a business block, is a step indicative of increased dig- - nitvj ancLprosperity. the number ofwomen .holding taxable pro. perty and the amount of taxes paid. This lias already been done in New York and Plan of Work of 1895, that "the plans of the 'Coin mi t tee on Organization shall bj Business Committee be. was .approved by the Ui n fo d v. 12 & ; . : of not only interest all local workers, but will inspire them with fresh resolutions to serve our cause The biographies should be sold at the local clubs and all others desir- ing them, 'at low rates- We repeat a recommenda tion of the Plan of Work of i S95 ; For practical work looking towards legislation, we recommend that each State : Association through its local clubs and individual workers, shall gather from the tax lists of all the counties 4 j recommend that the .month of May be made a "benefit" month Tor the National Organization, and we urge local clubs throughout the naton to give some kind of entertainment during this month, the proceeds to go to . the National Organization - Fund.1 ' ' : - MISELLANKOUS - We recommend that brief articles written by well known individuals shall be furnish- - . : 