WOMAN'S " '' a perhaps- - """ """7 ' forgiveness,; coiidest-endin- g 'feitwuau.i;riiiah haH'mite-'oVe- ' ' ' Mt: and'" Sh 'wa1- resigned to r V My clear .) nA r,.rrnt. WH w ilk sorrow Vparr'a talisman . 1 . - ' - ' - - ' ; '. j the mother and the other kindly girls had worked and toiled on the farm with scarcely the comforts of life, while she had had no burdens and had wanted The mother protested for she nothing. was so proud of lier oldest daughter, that she was willing to make any sacrifice but the father saw the wrong to the others and to Nelly as well for it had . tended to make her- more selfish. She acknowledged, to her father the right of his censure ' and .regarded him by a confession of her trials just before coming home and told them then, for the first time about her story. She had learned a hard 'lesson ImrsheT" be-- " lieved a ;ood one, and she was fully determined to deny herself and save and help her family hereafter. This she did accom-- . plish iu different waysr her salary she was able to save almost entirely for them, for her first success with literary work prompt- ed her to continue it and she was able to make a little money that way, enough at any rate for the "extras" she allowed herself; they vere not so many now as formerly. She never ceased to be grateful to Mrs. Barton. Had it not been for her she could never have gone home that winter and it was more the sight of the denials and sacrifices of her family than the talk she had that determined her course of saving and care. She fulfilled after all the expectations of her family and became a most successful teacher and a writer of no mean ability. of-ho- Alice Daniels Weinel. ' Alice Daniels was born lmiarv t fit h iHji at Manchester Kmr. She-wathe daughter of Kphriam Daniels ami Klizabelh Salthouse. Having been baptized into the Saints early Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y in the year 1841, in the same year she emigrated to America. Landing in New Oilcans she proceeded directly to Nauvoo, at that time the gathering place of the followers of the Prophet Joseph Smith. One can weir imagine that faith and fortitude were required to enable a young girl unacquainted with the ways of the world. having scarcely been outside her native town, to leave home and friends and travel on sea and land to c.vt her lot with a despised and per;ecuted people; but she had received a testimony of. the truth ot the Gen--p- el she had embraced, and wtnt forth undaunted and fearless. she After remainiug at Nauvoo for went to Quincy where she obtained 'employment, at her trade as a milliner. Here she btcame acquainted with her husband, the. late John Weinel, to whom she was married in the ear 1842. After the death of thcProphet they removed to Mt. Pisgah, Iowa, and in the year JS49 followed the Pioneers to Salt Lake Valiey and soon alter located in the 14th Ward Salt Lake City," where they have sirrce resided. t86o the writer of this brief In the year .sketch first became acquainted .with Sister Weinel, and from that time till her death was an intimate friend. Many pleasant and profitable hours have been spent in her company,' listening to her reminiscences of the Prophet Joseph, and of the sutTering and experiences of the Saints, their exodus Irom Nauvoo and their early trials in this new and forbidding and privations country. Through all these trying Units she was staunch to her religion for she knew it was of God, lived its principles and endeavored to exemplify them, in her daily life. Sister Weinel was a woman of great strength of character intellectual and refined, bhe riever had the honor to be a mother and for many years rj this wris n Vry rfroihet aim Sister Weinel entered into the order of plural marriage in the early days in the valley, and for . all the sacrifices she had made in accepting this principle, she was amply rewarded by the devoted i hv ihn swrer attf ntinn and nnrintr bfU wife during tier long sickness which covered a period of nearly five years. Thus one by one those who personally knew the Prophet Joseph are passing to the other side, . but they leave w ith us their earnest testimony that he wa$TnanT5fGodriihd their faith in the ultimate triumph of the glorious work he was senfto establish. May her friends, who remain be as staunch and true as was our departed sister, that they may be privileged to renew their friend.all loved ones gone before. ship with her and E. S. T. s . - inu.xH-lnil-lrt-r- IN ME MORI AM. bined that she could not open it. Barton knew the secret about the story and 1. tcmnt.ltiotl" We also nil ai'.-dns- t ' Now to tell the truth, Mr. Barton had no idea what his wife had intended to do; and he was as much surprised as Nelly at the invitation, but he saw in ati instant how such an arrangement would leneJfit her,;she would save a week's board and as the guest oi ner principal wouia prooaoiy stand in a better light concerning her school work.. .She was herself too surprised by the invitation to notice how slow Mr. Barton was to second it, nor could she at first see any advantage it might bring her'. In fact in her present state of mind she felt she must' decline, but .Mrs. Barton refused to take no, for an answer and was so cordial and motherly with it all, that Nelly finally consented. The week was very busy for Ellen Hart well; she kept her promise and worked incessantly to regain favor with the school children, their parents and the board. In that she succeeded admirably al- though at times it seemed that the noise of the school room would drive her wild, still she did not complain or show her annoyance, and her past neglect was soon forgotten. On the fifteenth of December, she received a note from the newspaper and her -' We earnestly prf.y inai for her." and he looked Upon !rrf;tv the Health of all wounded hearts will make the husband, children and relatives His especial his girls at home as he realized the, partial ' " . ity that had been shown the oldest 'girl. V care Cits. The night before Ellen's return' he tookj occasion to tell her of his disappointment 1 Dieu In Salt Lake City, September 4th, 1S96, He.talked plainly and. firmly, yet not un- - at 6 a. m ,. alter a sever and lingering illness, - -- , . forgetful." - -- - girl," she said " we want ydii had never doubted .that Kllen Hartwell. would get the. prize, so with a steady hand and much assurance" she opened the envelope and discovered a check for ten dollars and the brief notice, " Miss Kllen Hartwell, your story signed Nelly received second prize, and will be published after the holidays." Alter all what did she expect, she was disappointed yet she had hardly dared to hope this much, at any rate, her trip" home could now be taken and though she could no.t do as much for them as she had hoped, and knew her parents expected, still with Mrs. Barton's good judgment and keen bargaining she was able to do considerable and take home very useful and pretty presents. The baby's sled she had set her heart on an' that was the only , toy she ' Her bought, other- gifts were useful. friends in the city she was forced to slight, though they rtmeinbered her very prettily. Had if "not been for Mrs. Barton's protec-- l ion she might ha ire " been tern pted to do less for 'her loved ones and more for her newer friends, but that good lady was the friend .in need, Oh, would that all foolish girls, when their moment of trial comes, might (all into such kind and wise care as Kllen Hartwell did.: Her little visit home was most happy .and though her sisters, thought she had been rather lavish on herself and done little for them, still they were . r .1 C i ner were ana oi ervTDroua extremeiv J "A had she to when to return the sorry city. The father it was, who .saw' that - his ation for Ins departure. i to come home with us and spend, this last week before your vacation, Mr. Barton intended mentioning it before, but men are so Jrd ' j suffer atiythini:. To' her surprise, Mrs Barton met her at the door, put her arms gently. around her and kissed' her tenderly on the forehead. She had never met the girl before hut her heart had gone out to her and she was one of those few women, who can love and protect .and aid another woman when the mind is distressed, with-ou- t words, simply by the tender touch of sympathy. - SeJ,.xirs!r . - hXPONKNl. REBECCA M. WILLIAMS. Sister Rebecca Manning Williams was ivv-- 1 -- born in Norwich, Nor fork; England, April 22, 1S58, and emigrated to Utah in Her thirteenth year jn con: pan y with her mother and brother Henry. Settled firt in the Nineteenth ward in is city and afterwards moved into the in -- the Twentieth, -- finally - settled m irried to, Joseph and was wim where she met was one of the very ir's in Tiu Williams 1S76. few ideal marriages' for. they became not only' "one flesh'11 but one spirit, seeing eye to eye in all the important things of Hie. She was. emphatically a '.' help meet for him" to whom the Lord had given In r. The voung couple moved their home in the RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE; eastern part of 'the ward so that when the diviin the be found 21st to vere made was they sion " v ward where she preserved the even tenor of tier Conference he The regular quarterly. jft life until Saturday, Sep. 12th, w hen she died sudRelief convened Stake Salt Lake Society . denly after only a few hours illness. in the'Assetnbly Hall., .September! 91896, She was remarkable for the gravity, and nobilwas with life M. I. Home presiding, fleeting' her ; President of character her "real," ity which end she the to means a was it earnest, singing " We thank Thee, O, by opened time the she never lost sight of, improved God for a prophet;" prayer b) Julia Howe; to the benefit, as far as p ossible, ; of her fellow beinirs eveii at a .personal sacrifice. The writer continued by singing '' Glorious things of reCanThavingscen her more than once, ayoung Thee are spoken." Roll called, minutes of mother with a babe on her lap leading ttne sing morning session of .the previous conference and Association Young-Ladie- s for the taking ing read and approved Statistical and finanthe minutes, for" she was ttreir secretary, ana so cial reports read, 26 wards having reported efficiently did she discharge her duty that the and 24 not reported. .""The" names "of those Association thought they could not possibly inwith her .services; but as her family wards failing to report were read. creased in number she retired into the home cir President Home siaid the failure of these to that great-- ' cle and devoted herself exclusively wards to send in their reports makes one est and most sacred of all -- woman's duties, the sorry and angry, for the bait La.e btake is raising of her .children; still for some time she choir. ward the of member 'continued a She was the mother of ten children, five boys and five girls, seven of whom survive her. Her able to give a full representation eldest son Joseph is appointed to go on a mission-shortlf bp. . ?i Vf loVrnrc Pnnt'prpnrp and her.last earthly duty was the prepar- Four-teenlh.-a- 1 nd v it-wa- s he-nc- e' : ; de-spen- se - L JL -- y, .f 