. I '' s . - - .... - WOMAN'S . bXi'ONKNT. a small Complaints reached "some of the' vaniVnientfr atvr"pnsciines in Wt$.Jt''.....i the principal and the matter had to be look- - which vou tnmSitrm.: advance of her wages, but now of course more :;tiwtJVholoutuf.,Uie;tiuesUpu;...i)er.. ed into.; 'cnlMtcn, cdli'rSt-- ' V too was gone. ' Oh, what J. a severe man particular about their deportment and study haps lief "position The principal" was' lather .1w iixiiilr! t 1.1 uunuw sui; nif , fM'i-uo-though' a perfect?' gentlemaii and he had w'fiite in school. I do not wish to inferno couiu sue would be willing, it noted the chJnge in his assistant before any much neglect of these duties, but this is if some one had complained but he had attributed a most serious matttr with you, and I .would place her in such a peculiar light would like to see you look atU in that way; with them: after .all she h;M onl'v spent it to home sickness 'brought, on by the an money, and goodness knows, she proach of vacation, though he was deeply conquer your pride and submit humbly to her own had w orked hard enough for it. She would interested in keeping up the good standard the duty of a teacher." she could not come, the bchool-haShe, could stand no more; at first she have to' write home that made, but now it became his a few trilles and then, when duty to speak toy, Miss Hart well quite broke out in disgust. How she hated those and send them vacation came she would have plainly of the seeming neglect and the poor tattling quarreling children who had .to be thesummernice to bring1 them. Her posihumored and coaxed and persuaded this something uork her pupils were doing. no matter to All girls like. Kllen Hartwell, beautiful, way and that, and still more how she hated tion she determined shekeep, would write to what it cost her 'pride vain, ambitious and selfish, also possess a those abominable parents, who could scarceMr. Barton a note, apologize and tell him great deal of. pride and hauteur and to be ly endure their own children?s voice for the about her anxiety, her loss of sleep and the censured for lack of interest in her work short afternoon but expected a teacher to whole truth, anil promise to do diOVrentlyr just at this 'most anxious time was beyond take a whole room full of them and love thus she condoled with herself and planned them and adore them and put up with all endurance. as she walked- - along aid 'her thoughts lier "Miss ilartwell, superior their impudence and ignorance and be per said. ."l am very sorry that I have to fectly delighted to have the'ehanee; call on grew more hopeful, her heart grew lighter so by the time she had reached her hoardspeaL to you on this subject but the parents them indeed she .vould do no such thing; disturbance of your pupils are not at all satisfied with and those horrible trustees always did make ing house all traces of her secret trifle a pale. the work their children are doing; they her blood turn cold and her heart .stop had disappeared, only she was ."Why are you so lat? Mis Xellie A claim you have no ordcr.in the school room, beating, even when she saw them apa note and the children take.no interest whatever proaching for they were always looking for messenger boy has been here with in their work and are not progressing at all. flaws and trying to show their own supe- for you, and he has waited a very long She hated the sight of time for an answer." I should not have noticed these complaints rior knowledge. The note vas an invitation to an opera jiut at this time had I not myself discover them all, the trustees, the parents, the ed something wrong in your school room, children, the school rooms, the books; ft that evening and she had so wanted to go, and unless there is a radical change before was all a perfect .nightmare. Having but could shev accept under, the circumthe end of the summer the trustees Will relieved herself thus far by this unwise, stance, she hastily ascended to her room,. eertainlv supply your place with a more hysterical speech she burst into a flood of examined her wardrobe and saw she must .. efficient teacher." tears; "she knew she had done a very fool certainly have new gloves, oh well she ish thing and all her beauty, wit and pride might as well begin now to make her What a speech for a conscience strick At first would have to be humbled now to the sacrifices. She had on that homeward en, anxious eirl to hear! dust if she hoped lor any favor from Mr. walk seen all: to plainly how much had she blushed scarlet, then turned deathbeen sacrificed for her and though no. acly white as though sue should faint, Barton or had any desire to retain her posi she fully realized that then a great lump rose in her throat and tion, and this she certainly did hope, for count had been toshe knew she was about cry, but the what in the world Would she do if she lost her debt was a great one and would take thought of such a humiliation caused her it and how in the world could she ever face her a very long time to repay. So she '.to .master all her pride to her assistance her darling parents and her home friends wrote a very short note declining the invitaand after a few moments painful silence or indeed her new made city friends either; tion, making the excuse that she was As suffering from head ache which was indeed during which time she swallowed the lump oh why was she so weak and foqlish for-hwns , as tmendenrt-aeh- e in hei thrtratT eyes and tried to call back some color to ton said "I am extremely sorry Miss greatly touched. Before going again down her face, she slowly and quietly asked: Hartwell you look upon your position in so stairs she wrote a very" courteous note to she confessed her exHow long, Mr. Barton. have I seemed to light a maimer and though I am perfectly Mr. Barton, a ware of the trials pfteaching 1 can scarce- - travagance and how she had give .such poor satisfaction V I have heard no complaint nor seen anyly sympathize with your feelings; you her nerves trying torite'her blory7 i!ract school Iriss with should never have chosen such a profession she told him her whole story, as an excuse work, your thing wrong for her poor school work and closed with' a Hartwell, until recently, within the iast if you did not love it. A teacher must entwo weeks perhaps." neat, little apology to hi m for her behavior joy his work or he can never make a sucsaid and cess of it. My dinner will be waiting and that afternoon. The landlady's boy was ''Thank you," was all she was room the she if you have sufficiently recovered I think dispatched with the note and it reached leaving turning slowly "or" either Mr. Barton just as he had finished a very without promise, we had better close this painful interview." explanation There was no help for it now she had to satisfactory dinner finding him in the when the principal called her back, for though he had noticed her fondness for go, even had she ever lo many confessions best of spirits. A very fortunate time for M'ss Ha'rtwell. If ever one wants a favor society and pretty extravagances, and had to make she could' nt keep a man any longshe wondered sometimes if only, had herself er when he said his dinner was waiting, oh from a man, try to ask it at such a time, it -. had to think of,- he always admired her how she hated the thought of eating but will go down awfully well with a goal punctuality and conscientious schooly work, trust a man to turn all sentiment, all pity dinner. Mr. Barton's wife wa. a very for to her credit Ellen had striven to earn everything aside "if the . thought of dinner kind hearted, motherly woman and though, her money .by good, faithful work. She enter his head and for once she was wise she' had scarcely liked this pretty assistant had id it is such a pleasure to have means enough to be quiet and' withdraw. With of her husband's, thinking her rather frivc- and be able to enjoy it, and her fault had a quiet good evening, tliey separated, he to lous, still this simple note, laying bare the been she had enjoyed too freely. hisjiome and a, well prepared dinner, with girl's follie.s. desires, lilures and hopes " Miss Ilartwell you must consider this a mind filled with, the idea he had been touched the tender chords of her kind heart moment, well and take no rash step; I most thoughtful and careful of her feelings, and won her over completely. She insisted and yet perfectly just to her; and she it on her husband taking her over to see Miss presume you have to earn your living or else you would" not be away from home would be difficult to telLthe state her rnind Hartwell that very night and talk over her affairs. Ellen was a little surprised, not to teaching, and 'remember 'should you be .was in; she knew he had been just, and she foolish and yet she blamed him, that say annoyed when Mr. and Mrs. Barton y dismissed from the public school for or lack of interest it would be very he did not consider, her circumstances. sent up their cards and desired a few mohard for y oil to get another situation. ' A Poor unreasonable soul, how could be do ments conversation with her, she had hoped..., that when & did not know them. As she after her note and her o wn battle with herpast record is always required before engagin the self to have a quiet, evening and not to ing a teacher and I would strongly advise became calmer, with her" walk home open air, she began to consider this fact .think of the ordeal she had passed, but she you to lose no time hi disproving any statement made against you, by more earnest, and also the real seriousness of her position went into the sitting room, quite prepared and began to study some way out of her for a lecture or "two on morality , selfishness diligent work than you have ever done If thia school trouble had not arid frivolity or some such subject, with Give up for the present at least, dilemma. iA-iii'fo-r ;au to tell the story. - . ' intliIbBdle itli - - . tfiKnve ' r " . 1 i 1 : I" girL-frien- -- d , I. . ! . . -- vy. f -- k-p- t, - ! brtished-the-tears-from-h- er- T" w-i- heixepng-gjerr-less-Troticcable-Mrrjn- r, t; in-whic- 2- - over-straine- - , t -- inco'tn-petentc- . -- d 