2 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 2 She has been faithful in atduties required of her. to all the tending The program rendered consisted of songs and short speeches, given by the brethren and sisters, all wishing her many happy returns of the day, each one felt that the time had been well spent in showing her that her labors were appreciated. This happy event closed by all singing the and benediction was pronounced by thirty years. Dox-olog- y, Sarah J. Wilson. R. S. REPORTS. UTAH STAKE. A very interesting conference of the Utah Stake Relief Society was held in the Stake Tabernacle, Provo, Friday, July 10, 1903, President Mary John presiding. There were present besides the Stake Piesidency, aids and representatives of various branches, General President Bathsheba W. Smith, her counselor, Ida Smoot Dusen-berry- , and General Secretary Enimeline B. Wells, from Salt Lake City. These sisters gave some excellent instructions and very able addresses on Relief Society work. Encouraging reports were given of ten branches o' the Relief Society in the Stake, and remarks by the two young ladies who have completed the nurses' course at Salt Lake City. At one o'clock a delicious dinner was served in the old Tabernacle to the visiting ladies. The Spirit of the Lord was enjoyed during both sessions, and all returned home feeling encouraged and benefitted. Had it been known such distinguished visitors would be present the attendance would undoubtedly have been more than double. Mabel Warner, Sec pto tcm. BANNOCK STAKE. Our Relief Society conference was held at Soda Spring?, July 20, 1903. Present on the stand was President Mary A. Call and Counselor Rosie B. Knowles of the Stake Presidency. It was an afternoon session and was convened at two p. m. There was a little misunderstanding about it, as we did not expect to hold our conference till a few days later; but President Joseph F. Smith and several brethren from Salt Lake being in attendance at quarterly conference, President Louis S. Pond kindly gave us the afternoon, so we held conference then. We had a good attendance, all the presidents being there to report except two. President Jos. F. Smith gave good instruction and offered some timely advice which if followed out would make us better women. President Lewis S. Pond gave a few encouraging words. Sisters Emma S. Woodruff and Annie T. Hyde, from Salt Lake, were the principal speakers and gave us much good counsel and advice, the subjects being especially for the Mothers' Work, teaching the young mothers the true responsibility of motherhood. Truly it was a time of rejoicing which we know well how to appreciate. Hannah Hatch, Stake DAVIS Sec. STAKE. The Relief Society conference of Davis Stake was held at Farmington, July 30, 1903. Sisters Bathsheba W Smith and Annie T. Hyde were in "attendance, also President John W. Hess and his counselors, J. H. Grant and Jos S. Clark, the Stake officers of the Relief Society, Brother Jacob Miller Bishop Muir and j others of the brethren. The twelve branches of the society were, represented by their presidents, except two. During the forenoon session of conference Presidents Susan Grant, J. W. Hess, Bathsheba W. Smith and seven of the local presidents addressed the meeting. The Spirit of the Lord was there in rich abundance. At the close of the forenoon meeting it was announced that dinner would be served in the vestry. July 25th being Sister Susan Grant's seventy-firs- t birthday, the officers of the Relief Society in Davis Stake desired to show at this conference their appreciation of the labors of the devoted little woman who presides over them. Counselor Jane Holt made the presentation speech and Counselor Mary S. Clark placed lovingly around the neck of President Susan Grant a handsome fur. Sister Grant thanked the sisters feelingly and with emotion for the honor bestowed. One hundred and seventy-fou- r partook of the bounteous repast which had been provided by the Relief Society of Farmington, which was amp'e. The tables looked lovely with their fruit, flowers, etc,, and the waiters were some of our most beautiful young ladies, officers of the Mutual and Primary Associations of Farmington. The afternoon session began at 2:30 p. m. After the opening exercises and reports by the presidents, Sisters Annie T. Hyde, Bathsheba W. Smith and Susan Grant addressed the congregation, speaking words of wisdom and inspiration. Brother J. H. Grant expressed his great appreciation of the honor and esteem shown his "little mother," as he lovingly calls her. It was a day long to be remembered. The feeling of brotherly and sisterly love was very apparent. M. E. Knowlton, Sec. ST. JOHN'S STAKE. Conference of the Relief Society of St. John's Stake of Zion was held in the Academy building at St. John's, Arizona, May 22, 1903. On the stand were Apostle M. F. Cowley Elder Kelsch, the Stake presidency, Stake officers of the Relief Society and other lead- ing sisters. After the usual opening exercises the business, minutes, annual reports, etc., verbal reports from four branches in the Stake were given. Reports showed the In some average below that desired. places it was due to carelessness, in others on account of scattered condition, though the sisters feel well in the Gospel. President E. L. S. Udall said: "Since our last conference we have visited all the branches of the Relief Society in the Stake, which took about three weeks time. We found the sisters in the various settlements attending to their duties and the average attendance in the small settlements is greatWe know the er than in the larger ones. sisters are accomplishing a good work and the Lord will bless them for it. We sent one of our sisters to Utah to take a course in nursing and hope much good will result from it." President David K. Udall suggested that the sisters extend an iuyitation to thebreth ren to attend the Relief Society conference if they desire to have them present. "I attended a conference of the Relief Society in Salt Lake City in April and made some notes of it. It was stated there that wheat can bi kept eight years without changing. President Smith said to the sisters 'Be good wives and mothers.' Sisters, improve your opportunities and if you will I promise you that you will be blessed with the Spirit of the Lord." Song sung by Margaret Jarvis, Ethel Farr and Mary E. B. Farr, with guitar accompaniment. Elder Kelsch said: "The Relief Society work is a great one. I have heard this is a good place to raise beans. If you could not store grain you could store beans, and you would not have to change them. We have been told famine would come and we do not know when, so we ought to be prepared for it. We have been warned of the judgments of the Lord which will come. We should have the Spirit of the Lord with us and have it in our lamps when the Savior comes, not be asleep spiritually, but be prepared to meet Him at His coming." An instrumental piece was rendered by Sister Anna L. Anderson. Apostle M F. Cowley was the last speaker, he said in substance: "We hrve been taken good care of since we came here, especially by the sisters. I expect to make a report of you, brethren and sisters, when I go back to Salt Lake City, and it will be a good report. I have felt well since I came and felt at home. The sisters are a great factor in building up this country and the Lord will bless you for it, and your salvation is sure providing you endure to This organization is not to get the end. ycu out of place, but to get you in place, that you may be better wives and mothers and enable you to work together better as sisters; to work for the benefit of mankind, to minister to the sick and perform other labors in that capacity. I'd like to ask the brethren to co all in their power to get the sisters to their Relief Society meetings, so that when I come again there will be a better average attendance. It is a good thing to have a good wife. The sisters have their part to play as well as the men. There are some women who do not stand by their husbands who do not do their duties as wives. Since the coming of the Prophet Elijah to the Kirtland Temple, the people of the world have been writing genealogies. They have been keeping genealogical records, but they do not know why. The Spirit of the Lord moved them; they could not rest day nor night till it was accomplished. By this means we have been able to get the names of our ancestors to work for in the Temple. "The teaching of a mother should be such that it. will remain with the children through life; that no matter what temptation comes in their pathway, the teachings of that mother will remain with them and keep them from sin." Related the circumstance of a man who had all the temptations of a life of vice placed before him, but whenever he was about to jield, the image of his mother came before him and kept him from yielding. "Brethren and sisters, if you ever get into the Celestial Kingdom of our God and are brought before the judgment seat of God, and there it is known that you have a son or daughter in outer darkness through any neglect of yours, you will not be permitted to stay there. Mothers, you . 