WOMAN S 'EXPONENT 4 and charity, also to read good books and study the Word of Wisdom. Sister Lydia D, Alder read a letter relating to mothers' work, which told us that we must especially look after our young people, their morals, how can this be accomplished ? Teach them to aim for something great and cultivate higher things in life. To watch our boys and keep them home after niht fall, also our girls. Should teach our children to pray for the presidency; to respect those in authority; to keep the Sabbath day holy; avoid evil in every respect; attend Sabbath School; be neat and tidy, and observe all that is some instances of her mission and her feelings after getting her release. "May the Lord bless us with His Spirit." Brother William Rich spoke of his mother's anxiety over him, and following him about to know what company he was. in, but could understand it now. Spoke of a mother's influence and of evil associations. It is essential to take care , of our children. "May the Lord bless us, good.-Relate- Amen." Financial and statisti :al report read and approved. Conference adjourned till half pat six in the First Ward meeting hfuise. Singing. Benediction by Sister A. Hoge. Afternoon session, President J P. Lindsay presiding Opened by singing, "High on the mountain tops.'V Prayer by Brother Stucki. Hymn, "Though deepening trials. " Sister Lydia D. Alder said while the last hymn was being sung, pictures of England passed through her mind, of green fields, buttercups and daisies, and the times when they would sing and hold meetings on the streets. Spoke of the different incidents that happened in her experience while on We are now in a state that her mission. we may become exalted if we live the life that we should, everything is in a state of progression. How far we would be behind if we perchance made a failure of life. Sister Stevenson said while listening to the former speaker thoughts passed through her mind of the settlement of this country. Do the young people that have comfortable homes appreciate the blessing of their surroundings? "Young mothers be proud of your mission, remember that each child that you rear is a jewrel in your crown." Sister Nancy Pugmire said what a pity that mothers and wives did not fill the Tabernacle. Felt that there was a spirit of awakening, it is time. "I do not think any other remarks could have been more timely than what we have heard this evening. There is an affection grown in all our hearts towards the sisters. "May God bless us all. Amen." Sister Lindsay was very pleased and thankful for the beautiful instructions we had received from the sisters. Thought there was a disregard shown for the Gospel, we had better wake up or the Lord would wake us rather roughly. "May the Lord bless us all. Amen." Meeting closed by singing. Benediction by Sister Mary Bagley. Louise R. K. Tueller, Cor. Sec. CACHE STAKE. The Relief Society conference of Cache Stak was held in Logan, August 18, 1903, President Lucy S. Cardon presiding. After the usual opening exercises came the verbal reports. Counselor Rebecca Eames reported; the First Ward of Logan; Margaret Ballard,-thSecond Ward of Logan; Julia A. Stewart, e Sixth Ward These reports were excellent and very encouraging. President Cardon then introduced Sister Sarah J. Cannon, of the General Board, who made a fine address, touching upon all the important matters in connection with Relief Society work, home influence, man agement of children, example and practise of virtue; felt the sisters who had reported had the right idea of the Mothers' Work. Said, "We are instructed by our president to encourage the mothers to look after the children, and if they do this they will not be responsible if they fail to carry out their teachings." Sister Cannon spoke on many other good subjects. Sisters Susan Smith, of Greenville, Clvis-tin- a Tyre, of Providence, and Sister Lind-lovof the Seventh Ward of Logan, each gave fine reports President Jane S.' Richards, of Weber "I Stake, then addressed the conference hive passed through many trials in my life that I did not choose, but I hope that I, with you, my sisters, have accepted of these trials, then we shall be blest, the Lord will have a tried people, and we can endure for the blessings." She spoke of donating, said it is a basing to give and related some of the early experiences of pioneering. Bore her testimony to baptism in obedience to the Savior. "We are living in the last days, and the signs predicted are upon us. Let us impress our children with a testimony of the Gospel." Afternoon session: After the usual exer-oisethe general officers of the society were sustained by vote of the conference. Sisters Liara Mickleson, of the Fourth Ward, Sister Larson of the Third Ward, and Kinnie Caine, of the Fifth Ward, all gave excellent reports, also representatives from Benson and Hyde Park reported. Sister Adeline H. Barber spoke briefly and impressivly upon Relief Society work and the silk interest. Felt grateful that she had been able to do what she hid in these things; encouraged the mothers in their labors with the children, knew their reward would be greater than they anticipated. Rejoiced to hear Sister Richards relate her experiences of early days. President Jane S. Richards spoke of neglect of duty and how she condemned herself for spending time less profitably; compared the times now with early days in the Church, said let us be kind to the children and prepare" them for future work, for they will have hard things to meet. "Twenty-si- x years ago President Young organized us in stakes as a Relief Society to have quarterly conferences, the thought to do this grew out of an invitation I gave him to e, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much at possihle for vour money. society. Sister Ann Crookston bore a faithful testimony and spoke beautifully of the work of training the children. Bishop Thomas II. Smith said he had many reflections during the meeting contrasting thtse times with early days. Spoke feelingly to the mothers, referred to President Roosevelt's words, "When you are in company of the young people use good language." Instructed the mothers to train their children to pay tithing. Counselor Isaac Smith endorsed what had been said, thought the sisters meetings the most spiritual ones we had; to him, the position of a mother, was the grandest to aspire to Spoke especially of the remarks of Sister Cannon,. of instructing bur boys Euloand having a little means on hand. Thomas Smith's gized Bishop example before .the people, felt we should give to all such flowers while in life. President Cardon closed by saying, "Let-ube diligent in all good works, try and increase our membership and profit by the teachings of these sisters, Sister Richards, over eighty years of age and her ripe exper. iences. Conference adjourned. Mary E. Smith, s, THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, visit us in the Weber Stake and talk to the sisters. Let us love each other, and never entertain any hard feelings, the little things in life avail us much." Sister S J. Cannon said, "I enjoyed the sermon Brother Ballard gave us in his solo, 'Sowing.' " She encouraged the sisters to subscribe for the Woman's Exponent. also the storing of grain and urged the teachers to be faithtul in the performance of their duties, to be united and charitable one to another; and teach your sons something of Relief Society work, that when they go upon missions and have to organize societies they will know what is needed; encourage a reserve fund if possible in each We aim to give you as JRY US s Sec. An organization to send out news and information on the Armenian question has just been formed with Mrs. Julia Ward Howe as president Among the honorary vice presidents are President W. F. Slocum of Colorado College, Hon. Samuel J. Barrows, National Prison Commissioner, William Lloyd Garrison, and E. H. Clement, editor of the Boston Transcript. The secretary is I. C. Barrows, 20 Central Ave., Tompkinsville. Staten Island, N. Y.; the treasurer, L-- . B. Moultou, 73 Tremont Temple Boston, Room 1017. Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest sayings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own Dame, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and said interest four times a year. compute WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. No. 1 Main Street. with Zion's 