WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 21 and Sister Lydia D. Alder. Wasatch, Sisters Sarah J. Cannon and Hattie B. a repository for doings of women. The first Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells with a mention made is of a small society in Ogden, full committee of ladies. secretary, The women of Harker. Summit, the same sisters. MillAmelia M. Frodsham secretary. In the the Territory in all the several counties ard, Sisters E. B. Wells and L. D. Alder. same paper, June i, 1872, there was a brief worked with a will to raise means and to Union, Counselor Annie T. Hyde and Sisfrom the South Ward of Provo of a report such exhibits as would be creditable ter Emma S. Woodruff. Teton and Big a meeting at which President A. 0. Smoot prepare and acceptable to the general committee at Horn, the same sisters; Snowflake, Sisters and Bishop Follett were both present and headquarters. Clarissa S. vv llhams and Priscilla Smith. made remarks; Sister R. A. Holden, PresiFailing to obtain space in the Centennial St. Johns, the same sisters. St. George dent and Lucy W. Kimball, secretary. In Exhibit in Philadelphia for all the articles and Kanab, Annie W. Cannon. Stakes not No. 3 of the is a there from paper report prepares by the women I of Utah, a yet visited or the appointments made are: the Sixteenth Ward. Salt Lake Citv. at Woman's Fair was opened in the old ConBeaver, Paiowan, Tooele, Weber, Morgan, which Elder Tosenh F. Smith mad.-- an pv stitution Building in Salt Lake City, of si. josepn, ;uancopa, juarez, ana josepa cellent speech, also Sister Zina I) 1 ung which Sister Eliza R. Snow was president Colony and others. The secretary, sute- Presendia and Louisa A. Ashby Secretary. L. Kimball stated that during- the four This gave an opportunity to the women since the of Utah to display the articles made for the years society had been organized cash receipts, merchandise and produce had Centennial, and especially the home-madHISTORY OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. amounted to $729.65, of which $201.86 had silk, which was quite a novelty. (Continued.) been disbuised for charity, leaving $327.79 Hundreds of people going and returning in the treasury; of this one item was $50 from the Centennial in Philadelphia visited EMMEUNB B. Waits. which was donated to assist the emigrants. Salt Lake City and'the Woman's Fair, and We know without reference to books that many articles were disposed of advanNauvoo, III , Thursday, March 24, 1842 the Fourteenth Ward in Salt Lake City tageously. A paragraph ftom the history of From this fair grew the Woman's Co-o- p was one of the first permanent organizations Joseph smr.a. and that Sister M. Isabella Home was Store, of which Miss E. R. Snow was "I attended by request the Relief Society president and Sister Elmina S. Taylor was manager several years. The fair and the whose object is the relief of the poor, the secretary. In the Fifteenth Ward Sister store were outgrowths of the Relief Society, destitute, the widow and the orphan, and Sarah M. Kimball was president and Sister as was also the Deseret Silk Association. The Silk Association was organized June Susan M Moore, secretary. In the First tor the exercise of all benevolent purposes Ward of this city, Sister Miriam G. Chase 15, 1875, Sister Zina D. H. Young presiMrs. Emma Smith has taken the presiden was president, and in the Second Ward, dent. Sister Zina had been an earnest tial chair; Mrs. Lhzabeth Ann Whitney In the for worker Nicolena Sister sericulture from its first incepOlson, president. and Mrs. Sarah M. Cleveland are her Rachel Grant R. in tion Sister Ward Thirteenth Utah. One who knows cannot help counselors; Mrs Elvira Cole is treasurer, secreGoddard H. and Elizabeth she that did more for the silk indusn saying and our president and talented poetess, Marinda Sister first the few Seventeenth Ward, try years than any other single Miss Eliza R. Snow, secretary. There was tary. D. and Alder Dresident N. The Relief Hvde Lydia person. Society throughout a very numerous attendance at the organ x this mountain region in its various branches secretary. some our most of of ization, intelligent, We are aware that the twenty wards in took shares in the silk industry to establish humane, philanthropic and respectable it and it was an adjunct to the society, propladies; and we are well assured from a Salt Lake City were permanently organized the order 1867 and in working years during erly speaking; the sisters encouraged it in knowledge of those pure principles of bene of Salt several Lake parts every possible way; they also maintained volence that flow spontaneously from their and 1868, also in Box Elder, Cache, in a small way several other industries of a humane and philanthropic bosoms, that county, in Davis, Weber, was one Bear Lake, Summit, Wasatch, Utah, Juab, practical character; with the resources they will have at com other Millard and fostered was of which the counties; Sevier, employments Sanpete, inand, Ihey will fly to the relief of the . . .. tti.i. some ana m societv. and and the hats utau in encouraged every county stranger, they will pour in oil and wine to perhaps home-cure- d However were straw bonnets of these outside years. early popular during the wounded heart of the distressed; they will dry up the tears of the orphan, and it must be understood that there still existed and vouner yirls were taueht to braid be termed in the working meetings of the society. make the widow's heart to rejoice. Our what with. all propriety might as orof the board a central society original ladies have always been signalized for their officers were the all in Nauvoo; acts of benevolence and kindness; but the ganized A PLEASANT SURPRISE. to except the referred be could and here cruel usage they have received from the R. Eliza Smith. Emma Sister president, barbarians of Missouri, has hitherto preThe officers and members of the two held the records and tne original Snow venter! their extending the hand of charity of the Relief Society of the West branches of the in a conspicuous manner; yet in the midst book which is now in the possession Weber Ward joined in a surprise given to Relief Society, of their persecutions, when the bread has General President of the B. Dance on her seven Frances President W. Smith. been torn from their helpless offspring by Sister Bathsheba So tieth Tuesday, May 26, the It would be impossible were we m pos sistersbirthday. their cruel oppressors, they Lave always met at the ward brethren few a and to ?ive a sketch of each been ready to open their doors to the weary session of the facts, we set tables with and would say now in meeting house, prepared in detail, but society their divide to with of life, then and.luxuries bounties traveler, the scanty pittance passing that the receipts and disbursements awaited her coming, it being the regular the hungry, and from their robbed and imeiven here of the Sixteenth Ward are in all As she opened poverished wardrobe, to divide with the about the same as of the society meeting day of the society. more needy and destitute; and now that probability the door the congregation sang "We thank were held usu wards. other in Meetings in a more and She was genial soil, they are living one of these each month Thee, O God, for a prophet." ally and barbarous then escorted to her seat at the table. There people, possess among a less being a working meeting, and in those days were between seventy and eighty persons facilities that they have not heretofore enthe sisters often carded wo6l and spun yarn who of the bounteous feast spread joyed, we will feel convinced that with and knit socks, especially was this the case beforepartook their concentrated efforts, the condition of After all were satisfied, the them. considerable means was the suffering poor, of the stranger and the in country districts, home made socks sold tables were cleared and the meeting com We had raised in this way, fatherless will be ameliorated. menced. well to mountaineers, cattlemen, sheepmen, the privilege of being present at their orAfter the usual opening exercises, Sister etc. Ouilts and rag carpets were always ganization and were much pleased with on hand and could generally be disposed of Sarah J. Wilson read an original poem in their "modus operandi," and the good oreood advantage, those were among the honor of President Frances B. Dance. Her der that prevailed. They are strictly par- to but a counselor, Sister Alvard, in behalf of the staple articles made by the sisters,done liamentary in their proceedings." to sisters of the West Weber Society, presented were great variety of other things her with a token ot respect, and Sister S. J. raise money for charitable purposes. of the In the centennial year, 1876, when the Wilson in behalf of the members Resuming the history of this society, its a her Relief present to Society, gave Taylor first permanent organizations here in the great celebration was held in Philadelphia, she is in esteem which and love the show as a whole undertook valley, we can only mention a few whose the Relief Society its work and ward. Ever of the the all held people by products. to make a showingof record has been kept and who have fornative her left since she land, England, ihe for Utah warded reports to the Woman's Exponent Miss Eliza R. Snow was appointed in West Weber, about of woman's work and has made her home during the first year of its establishment as to niake an exhibit e well-know- straw-braidin- . semi-monthl- y, .1 g 