WOMAN'S EXPONENT. was at their home in Chester Co., Pennsylvania, at the time of his return from his trip to Washington to call upon the President of the United States. She was then a little girl about nine years old, but the impression he made upon her was so strong that she remembers it vividly to this day and she graphically described it so that all present were able to make a picture of it in their minds. It is anoth er instance now on record of the Prophet's sweet, gentle nature Mrs. Minnie Loveland with children. her Snow gave readings, which were highly and deserve special mention; appreciated the articles were evidently prepared with Miss thought and certainly well written. Hazel Smoot Taylor, of Provo, sang, with spirit the hymns of Zion, sublimely in her sweet-tone- d voice, and the Daughters are very grateful to her, and also Miss Clarissa Dougall who accompanied her on The spirit of the meeting was the piano. characteristic of the subjects treated upon and the object of the society. he D. R. SOCIETY. The Daughters of the Revolution held the first meeting after the summer vacation on Thursday, September 16, 1903, at the residence of the Regent, Isabel M. W. Sears, at Waterloo. The parlors were beautifully decorated with the stars and stripes and the fac simile of the Declaration of Independence being conspicuously hung in the hall, with George and Martha Washington, Abraham Lincoln and other celebrities. Vases of nasturtiums and trailing vines and lovely roses were delightfully pleasing. The new Regent, Mrs. Sears, in the chair. Prayer was offered by Mrs. E. B. Wells, and the new secretary, Mrs. Lucy W. Woodruff read the minutes and a number of letters, some business was transacted. The Utah Society D. R. had purchased eight copies of the fac simile of the Declar-tio- n of Independence for some of the higher institutions of learning in Utah and the report made at the meeting was that a copy had been sent, (framed already for hanging) to the Utah University, East and West Saints UniSide High School, Latter-daversity, Brigham Young Academy (Provo) Brigham Young College, (Logan) Agriculy tural College, (Lcgan.) A letter was also sent to the president of each institution, written by the Recent in behalf of the society. The letter was read by the secretary. COPY OF LETTER. The Utah State Society Daughters of the Revolution take pleasure in presenting to school a fac simile of the original Declaration of Independence. It is requested that it be hung in a prominent place that the scholars of this and succeeding generations on seeing it will be reminded that the history of "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness." of which we are so justly proud, was bequeathed to us by ancestors staunch, courageous, who cheerfully faced privations, imprisonment and death that we, their posterity, might enjoy the blessings of freedom. May we ever prove our appreciation of their patroiotism by good and loyal citizenship and show, if the need arise, that we, too, are ready to do or die for our glorious Star Spangled Banner. Isabel M. Whitney Sears, Regent. Florence Scholes Sears, Cor. Sec. Utah Society D. R. In the absence of the topic, "Abagail Adams," by Mrs. Emily Cannon Willey, D. C, (which had not reached the meeting) readings of Mrs. Adams' life were given by Mrs. Lucy W. of Washington, Smith and Mrs. E. B. Wells; and Mrs. Alice Merrill Home read some of the letters written to her husband that were exceedingly interesting, portraying vividly the strength of character of this eminently brilliant womau, and setting forth the sentiment of that thrilling revolutionary period. Two national patriotic poems were read by Mrs. Carol Y. Cannon and Miss M. Mabelle Snow, and the meeting adjourned to meet October 16, 1903, at the residence of Mrs. E. S. R. Wright, 155, 157 N. West Dismissed with prayer by Temple St Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall. After adjournment refreshments were served and a delighful hour passed in social conversation. HISTORY OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. (Continued. ) EMMELINK B. WELLS. Another important matter in connection with the Relief Society work counseled by President Brigbam Young was the storing of grain by the sisters. By his express wish the writer of this history prepared an editorial on this subject and submitted to him for revision. President Young approved what had been written and added another paragraph, which reads as follows: President Young further advises the sisters that they enter into such arrangements as are applicable t o their circumstances in their various districts and settlements, to build storehouses for the storing of their grain in the sections of country as they shall divide off, or apportion to certain localities; also that they solicit donations from their husbands and the brethren to assist them in carrying out this enterprise, both for the building of the storehouses and also in obtaining grain to fill them and preserve it for future need. This part of the editorial was written at his dictation. It was published in this paper, October 15, 1876, and the entire editorial has been republished twice since. Perhaps this counsel caused as much talk pro and con as any advice ever given to the This sisters in regard to their labors. to stake counsel was given previous any organization of the Relief Society. In the suggestions made to the editor President Young said this: The Relief Society and organizations in which some of the women of this territory are interested have funds at their disposal from time to time which may be made available in this work, and it is no doubt the best investment of means that could be made. If the prophecies of the ancient and modern prophets and of Joseph Smith are to be fulfilled, which the Saints profess to believe, there will be a desolatiug famine in the land, aud if the women of this territory will hearken to counsel it will be the temporal salvation of this people in case of emergency. On November ir, 1876, just after the counsel had been given at the General Retrenchment Association meeting held in the Fourteenth Ward assembly rooms in this city the subject of arrangements in regard to the grain question was brought before the sisters. Sister Eliza R. Snow, who was presiding in the absence of President M. Isabella Home, proposed that the officers of the several organizations of the Relief Society act in the capacity of a committee to collect means to buy and store up grain; that besides these committees of separate branches, in order to facilitate the work, there should also be a central committee for counsel and reference, to take cognizance of all these grain matters, that there might be perfect order and a united movement for 29 the good of all interested. She read a communication from Bishop R. W. Burton in respect to storing grain in the General The different wards that Tithing Office. have not established storehouses can store their grain there, but will be expected to attend to the arrangement themselves, as the hands employed there have no spare time. Miss Eliza R. Snow proposed to the assembly, Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells as chairman of the central committee, the motion being made, it was seconded and carried It was then moved that unanimously. the chairman choose a committee of two to act with her in this capacity constituting the Central Committee; accordingly Miss Eliza R. Snow and Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith were selected and the unanimous vote of the assembly given to sustain them. The sense of the meeting was that the Central Committee would be expected to be posted in regard to the proceedings of the different ward committees, as also of the arrangements of the country places, that there may be a concert of action, which will give power and strength to this unparalleled movement and complete system of management. Following out the suggestion and this arrangement of committees some important work was soon done in this direction, of which we shall have occasion to speak later on in this history. President Young spent the following winter in St. George and from there sent at Christmas time, this dispatch: To my St. George, Dec. 24, 1876. Family and Friends at Salt Lake and Elsewhere: The compliments of the season, wishing you all a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. May you live to accomplish the work given you to do of our Heavenly Father, and I pray you may do it faithfully, that you may be prepared to dwell eternally in the heavens. May God grant it. Amen. Brigham Young. In looking up items of history we find a letter from St. George dated January 2, 1878, written to the Woman's Exponent by our dearly beloved Susa, daughter of President Young, from which we wish to make a few extiacts for this history. "Yesterday (Jan. 1) the Temple in this city, or a portion of it, was dedicated; dors were opened at 12 o'clock m., and closed a quarter to one." After mentioning the throng of people that had gathered, the president's arrival and also Apostle Wilford Woodruff and Erastus Snow and the doors were closed, she makes special mention of the congregation singing the hymn, "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning," and the prayer by Apostle Wilford Woodruff in which he besought the Lord's blessing upon the Relief Society throughout the world and also upon all the sisters who had" contributed in any way to the bui'ding of the Sister Susa says in her letter Temple. that this was a most impressive prayer; She also mentioned other prayers that were offered and the powerful discourse of President Young on that great occasion which those present will never forget. This was the first temple built in the valley of the Rocky Mountains and the sisters assisted in various ways, more especially those located in that place and the southern settlements. To give an idea of the work being done in the country places about this time we will take an item from Huntsville dated 