Woman Exponent 9 The Bxlfot in, the Hxnii oj the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY, Vol. 32 CONTENTS. R. B.Wells 9 Beautiful Thought Delila Gardner 9 The Past and Present 10 Obituary E. B. W. 11 In Memoriam 11 Notes and News Mothers' Work 13 Booth 15 May Birthday Anniversary Talmage A Wardrop 15 Ladies' Meeting R. S. Reports 15 y Editorial Pioneer Park.. Pope Leo XIII Relief Society Nurses' Class. Relief Society Reunion 12 12 13 13 A. T. Crocheron 9 Poetry Angels Unawares Emmeline B. Wells 11 Faith ANGELS UNAWARES. was all alone, and a bright Welsh lad Had come the chores to do, After the sun had sunk from sight. And his own day's work was through; For my own dear ones were far away As duty had bade them go ; One in the far off city's streets, And one by the Jordan's flow ; And so, I lighted the evening lamp And set forth our evening fare, And all unconscious, I set the plates For my boys who had been there. "My !" said the bright Welsh lad to me, "Angels are coming tonight! You've set four plates, and we're only two, Let the wind blow we're all right." I ! T hen Ithought: Perhaps in the fairy lore, We had learned in the Old Country, There might be truth, and cheerful felt Fo such goodly company. And I thought: Let our converse be tonight, Such themes that our guests will stay; Their gentle presence inspire our dreams, And guard us, 'till mornings ray. I wondereTJ, too, whom those 'guests might be; parents and sister dear, Could I know 'twere you, how sweet the O, night Though the wind blow cold and drear. But though it were kindred or angel sent To view and report the scene, Or for some guardian purpose meant 'Twas a blessed thing, I ween And today my heart has sung a song Of gratitude, faith and love. (Believing the omen) and hope that oft Tney will come from their homes above, Whether my table is set for thtm. Or whoever imy be here O, blessed ones come Henceforth I wait With a welcoming sincere. ! Augcsta Joyce Crocherox. Erda, Sep. 24, 1903. ABEAUT FUL THOUGHT. OLD LADIES' No. 2 and when the day is over and they wish to return, looks after each individual to see that they are properly cared for and driven home again. It really is a beautiful thing and Mrs. Cannon deserves the blessings these dear old ladies shower upon her, with their prayers and good wishes. The dinner prepared for them is as good and tastefully arranged as if they were the finest guests in the laud, and they are waited upon by Mrs. Cannon's charming daughters and young relatives and iriends with the most careful attention to every want expressed, or anticipated. The young ladies play and sing for them and the old ladies sing and recite and have a most enjoyable time. Perhaps the most distinguished guest present on the occasion this year, Thursday, June 25, was Mrs. Jane S. Richards who, although she has reached four score years, is still young in spirit and mentally and physically capable of managing the business affairs of the Relief Society of the Weber Stake of Zion, as well as looking after the moral and spiritual interests of Her voice those over whom she presides. of are a young those like and appearance of few a words woman; she spoke greeting and appreciation to the company on the day of this unique gathering. Sister Ann E. Browning, a veteran in the Church and a strong type of the Engave glish character, aged seventy-three- , two recitations entitled " Maria in Hesven" and "A Woman's Question." Another sister, whose name I do not now recall, gave "His Mother's Sermon," from "The Bonnie Brier Bush." Sister Isabella Wilson recited a poem, "Joseph Smith, the Propbet." Brief speeches were made, significant of the honor shown to the aged and the times in which we live, by Sister Cannon, mother of the Senator, and Sister E. B. Wells, of Salt Lake City. Hon. Frank J. Cannon made an eloquent address, very complimentary to the aunties and grandmothers, who were much gratified to be thus remembered and honored. Indeed it was a happy day for all and one never to be forgotten by those who participated in its pleasures Ice cream, cake and other delicacies were served to all before parting, and then came the good byes, which bring the thought, "When shall we all meet again?" The ladies present whose names we were Sister Mary Black, 87 years, who heads the list; Sisters Jane b. Richards, and Elizabeth P. Davis, of Salt Lake City; Elizabeth Kingsford, Ruth M. Larson, Emma Wright, Eliza Barlow, Mary Butler, Charlotte Leavitt, Olive Ann Farr, Rachel Porter, Ann E. Browning, Hannah Batley, Ann Martin, Harriet Stringam, Isabella Neilson, Sarah West, Catharine Horrocks, Emma Melvin, Henrietta Lamont, Eliza beth Greenwall, Mary Ann Odell, Phebe Jane Bingham, Harriet C. Brown, Mary Hiller, Sarah Jane Packard; these are among the older sisters; younger sisters, although most of them are grandma's, were Martha H. Brown, Charlotte h. Driver, Maria S. Stevens, Sarah J. Cannon, Harriet E. Woodmansee, Eliza T. Cannon, Emily L. ShurtlifF, Belle Thompson, and Miss Rose Canfield and the young ladies who sung for the party and waited upon them. The writer was also present and desires to say she enjoyed the society of these dear sisters at Mrs Cannon's party, which is not only a beautiful thought, but delightful in its practical development. home, A Semi-monthl- 1903 ANNUAL PARTY. For ten consecutive years Mrs. Frank J. Cannon of Ogden (wife of ex Senator Frank J. Cannon, popularly known in and about Washington, D. C.) has given a party during the summer season to the "Grandmas" of Ogden City. She devotes herself to their entertainment during the entire day, sends carriages to bring them to her hospitable E. B. Wells. THE PAST AND PRESENT. MARIN DA BATEMAN. We will now let our minds travel back to a time almost fifty years ago when there were no people or houses south of Salt Lake City, but we travel along and come to Gardner's mill, down near the banks of the notable Jordan river, and when we see a mill we naturally know there is a miller and by inquiry we find there is a miller here and that he has a rosy cheeked daugh ter. She is not like the girls of the present with their fancy embroidery and fine laces, but is taught to card and spin, to cook, wash and iron and everything that will help to clothe and feed the numerous family of the miller, but she looks just as youth winning to a tall, who wears jeans pants andlinsey over-shiand his hair oiled sleek, roached in front and turned under at the end who comes wooing the miller's daughter and it ends in a marriage. She becomes a farmer's bride and they start in life together while young, with empty bands but willing hearts. Years glide by, children come to them, with plenty of work. She is chosen president of the Relief Society, her husband is called to the Muddy on a mission, she is released to accompany him. The mission falls through, they are released, she does not go but still goes along in her quiet way. Trials come, sometimes smiles, sometimes tears, years pass and with them come changes. She is again chosen president of a Relief Society which she fills with honor until January 21, 1900, she is chosen Stake president and the present shows us the tall farmer and the miller's daughter, not so young, but iust as smiling and happy, still true to each other and their God, and we would venture to wager, if the Relief Society board had not forbidden us gambling or raffling or anything of the kind, now that she is fifty-fivyears of age, if you would bring her the spinning wheel she could spin a broach or reel her knots and make a skein of yarn and color her madder, logwood and blue-dy- e in the same old way and be proud of it, too. And may her numerous family rise up and call her blessed and bi proud to own the miller's daughter for their mother. May she live long to counsel her sisters and help to take care of the sick and the afflicted. We forgot to add that she is known all over the Stake, for the children say she brings awful nice things to mama in her little satchel. dark-complexion- rt e old-fashion- ed HILDA LARSEN. Years ago in dear old Sweden there wa,. 