WOMAN'S THE CONFLICT. The question we are bent upon solving, Is the question of right or of wrong; In this age that we deem progressive, We wait not for story or song; But we plunge in the midst of life's battles, With hearts that are earnest and true, And look up to God to direct us. In the work we are given to do. death-dealin- This foeman so crafty and cunning Is taking from out our fair land. From the ranks of our sons and our brothers, The bravest and best of the land. He is breaking the hearts of the mothers, He is silvering the brown hair with white, And pitying angels are grieving, mothers tonight. With sad-heart- From wives he has taken tae htigbands, From children he's taken the bread; And sisters bereft of their brothers, And fathers to infamy led. And this demon with greed still insatiate. Takes from woman her honor and fame; Takes all that would make life a blessing, And leaves her but ruin and shame. Would you know the name of this foeman, Who seeks all our best to destroy; This vampire that feeds on the That kills every hope, every joy; This minion of Satan who serves him With energy, purpose and will ? whose haunts are the dram'Tis the shops, Who was cradled and nursed in the still. rum-kin- d, g, For years he has ravished the people, Denounced all the good and the true; And the blood of brave Haddock is calling, For vengeance that justly is due. Our martyrs, brave Haddock and Gambrel, Who fell in the midst of the fight. To defend our fair land from dishonor, Are sleeping in silence tonight. But up from the homes have arisen An army, demanding the right; A band of brave, true, noble women, Whose badge is the ribbon of white. Before them the monster shall perish As sure as stars shine in the skies; As sure as God reigneth in heaven, From the death grapple truth shall arise. Abbie Hurd Richards. ' 27 so plaintive as to defy rudeness, and its rich in the lessons it teaches as the fall the whole presence so like the embodiment and death of the flowers, the falling of the eternal fitness of things superanimate the leaves, the mournful sighing of the wind, angels themselves how purifying is the all these are like sorrows, and warn us that presence and how sacred the influence we too are frail and may soon be touched which its presence implies by the frosts of time, and pass away, that "Suffer little children to come unto me, we too must finally die; and yet these things and forbid them not." teach us we shall live again, for every flower and tree and bulb and vine contains J. Q. C. the germ of life within that shall spring forth again in all its pristine beatty accordTHE LEAVES ARE FALLING. to its time and season. Really we The falling of the leaves has a tendency ing know so little and we pay little heed to to impress us with serious thoughts, to rethat which admonishes us of our mind us that all things decay, that life it- nor do we consider as we shouldweakness, wherein self is full of changes and that we are our- lies our season is no of There strength. selves only hastening on to that season the no nor nor night, day anything when "we shall fade as the leaf;" but not- that year, God has planned but contains lessons withstanding all the significance of the of beauty of wisdom and of truth that Autumn and the falling leaves, one who rev- would more loving make us nobler, els in the beauties of nature must admire and tender if we would better, as we should study and enjoy this glorious season, though the the it bears to the human side application woods do grow "brown and sere." of our lives upon the earth. This is a It is the sentiment the Autumn carries beautiful world, and filling our lives up with it, too, that speaks in language unmiswith beautiful deeds, and shedding around takable to the susceptible soul of those us the fragrance of loving words and hapthings that beautify as well as typify hu- py smiles, will do much to beautify the man life. Aside from animal life there is paths of others who have not had so much nothing more human than the trees; they of sweetness mingled in the cup of life speak in all languages, they sing, they given them to drink. Speak of the beautiwhisper, they dance and play, and flirt and ful and true, keep these before you, make ! The work ? To defend our hearthstones, From a foeman both subtle and bold; Who L armed with the shield of deception, The banner of pleasure unfolds; Whose fortress is strong and whose batteries Are masked with such cunning and skill, g We know not the volley, lie can pour in our homes at his will. life-bloo- EXPONENT. ' THE BABY. What a vast expanse of unfolded possibilities is contained within that newly-fledge- d atom of humanity, the baby ! The arrival of it is an event whose importance is not one whit reduced because of its famil-iariteach and every occurrence possesses a significance which neither frequency can abate nor changing scenes obliterate. A new being takes its place among those who hold sway upon the earth, another star appears in the firmament of mortality, one more creature comes within our sphere without jostling any of the others, any setting another aside or displacing the smallest portion of our social system. Sweetest of all animate existence, degraded is the soul, debased the mind, or debauched the habits of him who does not extend to you a glad greeting and recognize that in his better and truer self he has one more subject claiming, and worthy to claim, his respect, his confidence, his protection if need be ! We love the baby and at all times we bid it a hearty welcome. With its hues of pink and carnation and roses, its eyes bespeaking the tenderness just brought from a shore we cannot recall even in dreams, its voice y; coquette, and array themselves gaily, gorgeously at times as though conscious of power, and when their leaves are falling they moan as though in mortal agony; the wind is the music to which they keep time, discordant often, but could the wind play as it does, could it make such music if there were no trees, no leaves to flaunt and flirt about ? And even when they have fallen, and lie like a heavy carpet upon the ground, the savage wind routs them about again hither and thither at will. The poet tells us that the falling of the leaves brings regrets for the beauties and joys that are past and passing away from us. It is good to be reminded of the sweetness we only half enjoyed, and if a tinge of sadness mingles with it the deeper it will sink into our hearts and lives, and the more telling will be the lesson it will teach. We all need reminding of the "sunny hours" that pass all too quickly, and if we had no shadows, no contrast, but were always basking in light and sunshine we should not even know it was the perfection of beauty; what would we know of daybreak if there was no night ? Would we rejoice as we do in the roseate dawn of each glorious morning if we had not felt the shadows and the darkness ? Certainly not; we can all answer and would we have the splendor of the gorgeous sunsets, were it not that day is departing and night coming on ? And if it were always summer, we should not drink in as we do the resplendent glories of the Autumn. The Autunlnal tints of the foliage are beyond the art of the painter: the hills are literally crowned with the purple glory, shaded with a mantle of beauty like Joseph's "coat of many colors." We gaze and admire and look again in wonder and amazement, and we try to carry in our hearts and interpret in our lives the language conveyed to our souls, by the beauties of the hills, the fields, the trees, the woods, the trailing vines and we cannot grasp in-it all, but little by little we are learning to terpret in our weak way, the wondrous things that pas3 human wisdom and understanding. Possibly there is no. season of the year so these your guides and talisman and the touch of enchantment will be yours to gild the lives of your friends and associates. Aunt Em. NOTES AND NEWS. Mrs. Sarah Rumley, mother of the late Walter Q. Gresham, Secretary of State under President Cleveland, celebrated her 101st birthday at New Albany, Ind., Sept. 5, in the same house to which she came a years ago. A bride more than seventy-si- x fine dinner was spread for nearly one hundred guests, all Mrs. Rumley's relatives. Despite her great age, Mrs Rumley is active and vigorous. One year ago she prepared a fine birthday dinner unaided for a number of guests. It is time the old fallacy of woman's inferior physical ability was abandoned. Miss Annie S. Peck, an American woman, has peak in just ascended the highest mountain had a which feat Western the hemisphere, baffled all previous explorers. A letter dated La Pas, Bolivia, states that while her companion, Prof. W. G. Tight, of the University of New Mexico, was somewhat the worse for an ascent of 14,666 feet in 30 hours, Miss Peck had experienced only a slight headache. This is an illustration of the surprising power of endurance displayed by apparently slight and delicate women. If our girls are too often invalids, the fact is due to want of proper conditions and a lack of wholesome food, fresh air, exercise, and muscular development. Mrs. D. York Syme has set a good ex- reception ample to other women with large "Political rooms in initiating a series of Teas," with the object of educating women on current politics and the use they may make of the Federal vote, says the Australian Woman's Sphere of Melbourne. The first tea was given on July 27, when about Mrs. Evelyn 150 women were present. was adthe and meeting Gough presided, dressed by Senators GJassey and Stauiforttl Smith, 