WOMAN'S LOVE. ports show the presence of brass bands, glee clubs, choruses, quartettes and the best vocalists our mountains afford (which we are thankful are not few) while often whole audiences have joined in singing a hymn America seeming to have been the favorite. On the 18th of May the peace colors were in evidence, and our own sego lily, symbolquite of peace and purity, was gathered from the mountains and formed part of the decorations. The ministry, and officers and teachers of Sabbath Schools have responded generously to the call made upon them to introduce into their discourses and lessons the spiritual bide of the peace and arbitration question, Our orators and statesmen, soldiers and lawyers have responded generously to invitations to address audiences. The press has opened it's columns 10 us ana tne people nave snown an interest m the movement by attending the peace meetings. Some choice bits of poetry have been written for the occasion and we cannot but feel that the whole movement has been to us educative and inspiring all along the line, and that it is particularly in unison with the mission of our Relief Society work; for our duty is to nurse and heal the sick administer a balm to the broken-hearteand injured; to bless and comfort and cheer, and to relieve distress; to lay out the dead and to do all good works that are in our power to perform, one especial call being to educate mothers in proper knowledge of the requirements for growth and development of their offspring, phvsically. mentally and spiritually, therefore our hope is in harmony and our prayer for peace as it has ever been. The aged but active president of our National . bmitb, (who is the Kener bociety, Bathsheba only living charter member of this, the oldest organization of woman) wrote in her journal while the following: crossing the plains with "Aug. 21, 1849. About four o'clock this morning William Babbit arrived in camp with the mail from the valley (Salt Lake City). We were highly In the afterpleased to get good news noon he (William Babbitjaddressed us on the subject of "Organizing a State m the Mountains, Where the Saints May Live in Peace Under the Laws and Constitution of the United States." This note may be interesting to you, as it has never before been published or given in public. Please find enclosed report for 1903. Very sincerely yours, Love stooped to one that captive lay, Fettered and prone, and broke the bars; And led him to the dawn of day, The morning stars. Love found upon the battle edge A coward fleeing from the strife; And sent him forth, his heart in pledge, Valiant, througn life. Love touched dumb lips that could not pray, And lo, they uttered prayer and song; Love hath so subtle sweet a way, Love is so strong. That, come he with an angel face, Or come he with a flaming sword, Where'er he makes his dwelling place; All heaven is poured. Selected. PEACE MEETINGS. Copy of the report sent to the chairman of the National Peace Committee for the U. S., Mrs. May Wright Sewall. 18: Number of meetings, 138. Number of speakers and persons taking part on programs, 827. Number present, 15,374. Resolutions adopted. Tone of meeting, enthusiastic for peace and arbitration. Response of ministry earnest and helpful. Respectfully submitted by, -- s, Alice Smith Merrill Horns, Mrs. Home's letter to Mrs. Sewall: I wish you had the time to look over some of our letters w hich I send under another cover, that you might glean an idea of the enthusiasm of the local com nittees, as well as the peace assemblages. Perhaps a third in attendance were men and they took part on the programs in about that proportion. A very prominent feature ef our programs is good music. We have urged this with the thought that nothing seems to bring our audiences so com, pletely ia harmony as does fine music, Many re against doing anything ourselves which we would not have them do. In keeping the Word of Wisdom, revering the Sabbath, attending our prayers and meetings, paying our tithes and fast offerings and generally obeying the laws of the Gospel, we set an example worthy for our children to follow; and in the neglect of these laws ourselves we give triem the excuse that they have seen their parents negligent, and never fully realized the necessity of being so strict. It is in the little every day occurrences in the home where the parent and the child mingle confidentially and socially that there is the greatest need of care both in our actions and our words. If we wish our children to be truthful and honest we should be truthful ahd honest ourselves, especially with them and never let them find us lacking in our promises. Children do not easily forget when a parent fails to keep a promise and sometimes the faith in the mother or father which before was perfect may be shattered by a broken promise. The article of faith given us by the Prophet Joseph says: "We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous and in doing good to all men," and just so sure as we practice in our own lives those attributes can we hope with confidence to see our children follow in our footsteps and lead a goodly life; but there are stumbling blocks and falterings in life's pathway and we cannot hope to attain the goal of perfection without much strife and labor, but we can study ourselves the true principles of the Gospel that we can teach them intelligently to our children. The promise given by our Father in the fifth commandment, "Honor thy father and thy mother that thy days may be long in the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee," is a Alice Smith Merrill Horne. promise of beauty, for who does not cherish Chairman Peace Commitee for N. W. R. S. life and enjoy the beauties and delights of the world, and if we would have our children obedient to us we must be obedient LECTURE GIVEN IN CANNON WARD. not only to our earthly parents, but to our Saint Mother Father in heaven. Lectute III. The Latter-da- y It is indeed a pleasure to see an obediA Life in Harmony with tie and Child. child and no doubt all mothers ent Gospel is tlie Perfect Example. strive to teach obedience, but some are We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevmore successful than others, probably beolent, virtuous and in doing good to all men. cause nature has given them more patience, Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days but we can all strive to inspire our children may be long uron the land that the Lord thy God with a love for obedience, virtue, honesty giveth thee. and truth, by prayer and faith, and by givwe In our two last previous lectures we have ing them not only the best example and perfect had laid before us the beginning of mother- know how, but an unfaltering and to to and to cheer, love help care and brighten hood and thoughts upon the early them on life's way, remembering, training of the child, now in our third lec- to guide ture we approach a time when the greatest "Life is only bright when it proceedeth possible care must be observed by the parTowards a truer, deeper life above, ent, fcr other associations and surroundHuman life is sweetest when it leadeth To a more divine and perfect love." ings besides the home must be considered, and we as parents, to a great extent, are Lizzie G. Davey. children. our of for actions the responsible Parents have a wonderful work to perform, Saint parents in tryespecially Latter-da' Miss Caroline L. Greisham, a clerk in in the proper way, children their to rear ing to teach them the fear of the Lord and the the Civil Service Bureau, has been detailed, love of the Gospel, and remembering al- as a result of recent disclosures of violation Service regulations, to make a ways that "Example is better than pre- of the Civil the large cept. ' ' The children of those parents who tour of inspection among to act as a sort of and of the country try to live a life in harmony with the GosHer adviser." principal pel are generally prayerful, humble and "postmaster'sto Service Civil the be will interpret R. Eliza obedient. Our beloved poetess, duty and officials point out Snow, said, "It is no trifling thing to be a regulations to the them. enforce to Saint in very deed, to stand upright, nor any oversights or neglect of mission before her a bow, nor bend beneath the heavy pressure Miss Greisham has a woman of oppressiveness. ' ' If we desire our chil- considerable delicacy, but she is Saints we of tact who will try to preserve amenity dren to become true Latter-damust grsj set them the example, and. guard ana avoid seedless qonflict, VV Chairman Peace Committee for N. W. R. S. Christine Smoot Taylor, Chairman Peace Commit'ee for Y. L M. N. I. A. Salt Lake City, August, 1903. teen." 19 d Report of Peace Demonstrations held under the auspices of the N. W. R. S. and Y. L- - N. M. I. A., in the year 1903, May I have the honor to report the Peace Demonstrations for the year 1903, held, (in accordance with your instruction as chairman ot the National Peace Committee) by the National Woman's Relief Society, in cooperation with the National Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Association. We have delayed sending this report, as our organizations are so widely scattered and the more societies last year were not heard from until after the reports were made to you. We are pleased to note an increase over last year's peace meetings in number and attendance and possibly in enthusiasm. The demonstration extended throughout Utah. Idaho, Colorado, Arizona, Nevada, Wyoming, New Mexico, Montana and Oregon in the United States, while there were some in Canada, and a few in Old Mexico. Mrs. Christine Smoot Taylor and myself appointed as a state committee, or rather as an executive committee for 1903, the presidents of Stakes of the organizations which we represent. To them is very largely due the success of this The societies over which these sisyear's work. ters preside are, in most cases, widely scattered and to meet each, even once a year, necessitates from the Stake president hundreds of miles of travel by team, often over bad roads; but unflinching courage and determination to perform the duties of the office characterize these noble women. No wonder, then, that the presidents of the societies responded so willingly to the call of their superior officers and we are pleased that even in isolated hamlets peace meetings have been held and regularly reported to us. An interesting fact in connection with these spaTsely settled districts is that every person present takes part in the program. One report says: "The families are widely scattered but all turned out to the Peace Meeting. Number of speakers in favor of peace, ten; number in attendance, eigh- EXPONENT. ' y post-offic- y es 