WOMAN'S be responsible for what you teach children. I say unto the sisters, if your unite will you your faith, the curse will be removed from this land, and this land will be blessed for your good. God bless you. Amen." Congregation sang "Praise to the man." Benediction by Elder E. N. Freeman. Mary E. B. Farr, Stake Sec. will GRANITE STAKE. The 1 2th quarterly conference of the Re- lief Society of the Granite Stake of Zion was held in the Forest Dale meeting house, May 12th, 1903. Meeting was called to order at 10 o'clock by Counselor Mary P. Young. "Guide us, O Thou Great Singing, Prayer by Sister Patrina JenSinging, "Softly beams the sacred Jehovah." sen. Present on the stand were the following named presidents: Sugar, Sarah B. Gibson; Wilford, Eliza White; Farmers, Sarah Turnbow; Forest Dale, Patrina Jensen; East Mill Creek, Ann Eliza Neff; Big Cottonwood, Emily Stevenson; South Cottonwood, Sister Labrani; Hunter, Charlotte Nielson; Grant, Sister Bird; Murray, Sister Brown; Taylorsville, Elizabeth Pix-toalso President Bathsheba W. Smith and Counselor Annie T. Hyde, of the General Board, Mary A. B. Freeze, Margaret Roberts and Margaret P. Young as visitors, also President Frank Y. Taylor, of the Granite Stake. Assistant Secretary M. B. Winder then called the role; minutes of last conference read and approved. Mary P. Young then made a few opening remarks and welcomed the sisters on behalf of President Emma S. Woodruff, who was away on duty. We then listened to a number of the presidents make their reports and gave very interesting accounts of their relief work, particularly of the good the missionaries are doing. The work of the teachers and the sisters who are called to labor in the Temple, it being the aim and object of the president, Sister Emma Woodrnff, to have two sisters from each ward sent under the direction of the Relief Society to the Temple to work for the dead, and they are to give their time free of charge for three months and then othors are sent in their stead, most of the branches of the wards have done this and hope all will conform to this request in the very near future. President Sarah A. Thurber reported that their society had kept two sisters in, the Temple almost continuously since it had dawning." n; been opened. President Eliza B. Neff said if we had a desire to do good many opportunities would be presented. That they had an increase of twenty members in their society. Presideut Pixton thought our main object was the relief of the poor, the destitute, the widow and orphan. A ladies trio from Forest Dale then sang a selection. President Petrina Jensen, President Stevenson, President Brown, Counselor Brockbank, Sister Moody, of Arizona, and Aid Elizabeth C. Taylor, all gave short talks and very timely instructions on the storing of wheat in the days of prosperity, doing all we can towards the erection of our new Stake house; also said that we are to be judged by the books, therefore we should have our names enrolled in all three associations. Singing, "Glory to God," after which EXPONENT prayer was offered by Brother Dunster Then all repaired to the Old Farm House, where the tables were spread with the bounties of the earth for all present. Dinner was prepared by the sisters of Forest Dale Afternoon session. Meeting was called to order.. Singing, "High on the mountain tops." Prayer, Sister Mary A. Freeze. Singing, after which President F. Y. Taylor addressed the sisters for a short time in relation to their duties. He felt to honor good men and women; that we should seek to save souls and be willing to work and carry our part of life's burden; to be humble and meek and prayerful; that it was our duty to bind up the bn ken hearts and comfort those who are sad. President Bathsheba W. Smith said we should set a good example, speak kind words and teach children correct principles in their youth, and b sure and teach them to pray for the authorities, that they would be more apt to honor them when they grew up. Counselor Annie T. Hyde then read some instructions for the missionaries when they The Relief travel among their associates. Society sisters are to be as ministering angels. We are to keep the Sabbath day Holy, attend to family prayers as well as secret. Should be obedient to those placed over us, as we expect our children to be obedier t to us. A duett was then sung by Sister Maria B. Winder and Miss Lottie Owen. Sister Maggie Roberts: "The Relief Society is the grandest organizatieu on earth for women, the young mothers should join I themselves with the Relief Society. have I because know what happiness it is, tried to be useful." Spoke of the infidelity that is growing up among our young people, that they do not have the faith of their parents. Spoke of the necessity of keeping the Word of Wisdom, and should live very near our Heavenly Father. remarks by Counselor M. P. and meeting adjourned for three Young, months. Singing, and prayer by Sister Brinton. Maria B. Winder, Asst. Sec. SALT LAKE STA2E. The quarterly conference of the Salt Lake Stake convened June 6, 1903, in the Assembly Hall, President M. I. Home presiding, Counselors S. J. Cannon and C. C. Cannon, and Julia C. Howe M. W. Wilcox and M. C. Hull, of the Stake Board, being present. Meeting opened by singing, "Now let us W. Wilrejoice." Prayer by Sister Maria foundation." firm a "How cox. Singing, Minutes of March conference read and accepted. President Home said she wished to urge the sisters who have been called to this work, to appreciate the privilege of doing every ing this very important work, felt conferbranch should be represented at the ences. Spoke of the best books: Brother Maeser's book, "Home and Fireside," Juvenile, hishuctor, Woman's Exponent, Era and Young lVoma?i's Journal are particularly recommended. Counselors. J. Cannon: "We can usually be present at our meetings if we make Parents who are Latter-da- y an effort. Saints make the best wives and mothers. Said do not try to be too flowery in these lectures that are given, but let them be 23 given in humilty that daughters may be prepared for wives and mothers and leaders among their sex. Spoke of preparing ourselves for the trials we have to meet each day. Sister C. C. Cannon felt we had talented women in our wards. Always feared she could not rear her children in the world, as they were not born in Zion. Spoke of the sin and temptation around us and the necessity of constant care. Sister Hull was going on a little journey of pleasure and expected to do a little missionary work, sang "Only Remembered." Sister J. C. Howe felt we were ignorant of the purposes of God in placing us here. Spoke of the promises to the children of Israel in keeping the commandments and the fatal results if they do not. Felt these auxliary organizations are helps that all may be educated in the Gospel. Spoke of the necessity of prayer and the importance of teaching and training the children. Sister Wilcox said. "Let us be remembered by what we have done, let us order our lives." Meeting adjourned. Singing, Doxology. Benediction, Sister E, Webb. Afternoon session opened at 2 o'clock by congregation singing "Guide us, O Thou Great Jehovah." Prayer by Sister Lucy W. Kimball. A quartette from the Temple choir then sang. Minutes of afternoon session of previous conference read and accepted. Sister E. J. Stevenson exhorted all to be honest, true to each other and their God, cultivate union in the home, try to be better women, teach our children. Spoke of the need of cleanliness and of family prayer. Felt if we had kept the Word of Wisdom there would not be the sickness there is today. Felt it was grand to have so much parent study, hoped hygiene would be taught in our Relief Society everywhere. President B. W. Smith spoke of Temple work. Sister Annie T. Hyde read from the Bible. "You have done these things, and will receive of these blessings, sisters, blessed is he who is faithful unto the end. Christ said 'Follow me,' if we can do these things eternal life is ours. Think no evil, everything is accomplished by love, be gentle and kind to our children, never turn a child away." Singing by a quartette from the Temple choir. Sister Lucy Kimball spoke of the changed of some ordinances and of the different churches. She had dedicated her life to the work of God; was comforted that we cpn have the blessings we earn, and no one can take away the blessings we do earn. Spoke of the power in prayer and the love the Prophet Joseph Smith had for it, also the regularity in which President Heber C. Kimball engaged in it. Sister Elizabeth Webb felt thankful for the society work. Let us have charity and love, wished more young mothers belonged to the society, also spoke of Temple work The revelation to Emma Smith was read and some remarks were made upon it. President Horne said, "There is much talk on the theory of raising children, but put them into practice, be careful in faultfinding, etc., the Spirit of God never stays with us if we complain.' ' Adjourned for three months. Singing, broken-covenant- s 