WOMAN'S EXPONENT' 84 "The face of a victor dead and crowned. With a smile divinely fair; The saints and martyrs sleeping round, Woman's Exponent Were stirred as he entered there. EM ME LINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. "The things that are hid from waking eyes, Shine clear to the veiled sight; Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year. 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel disspace one time $2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Entered at the Post 'econd-clas- s matter. Salt Lake City, Utah Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Salt Lake City. Utah, April, 1903 PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG. The great Apostle, Brighatn Young, so long connected with the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, has gone from the midst of the psople who loved him so well and to whom his counsel was ever precious. To those who have known him from his boyhood it seems to leave a great vacancy in the realm of friendship and of social life; always cheerful, always kind, full of that element that makes for pleasantry, he knew the right word to say at the right time, affable in manner and approachA man whom once able on all occasions. known could never be forgotten, never quite pass out of one's life. There is not room in this number of our little piper to give a sketch of his life, but only to speak of him a 5 one of the conspicuous figures in the Church. A representative man of the Young family, the man who since the death of his father (the late president of the Church for a longer term of years than any other man, the president who succeeded the great Prophet of the Latter-dayPresident Joseph Smith) has stood as head of that great family of President the Brigham Young; the members of that family must indeed feel that they have sustained a very great loss. It is in the nature of things that men die, great men, useful men, representative men, but it is nevertheless sad to those who are left to mourn, and it is in human nature one of the best qualities of the heart, that men and women should feel keenly the loss of friends and relatives; although we know they are only gone before, as the poet has so beautifully said: s, 'They are not lost; they are within the door That shuts out loss and every hurtful thing With angels bright and loved ones gone before, In their Redeemer's presence evermore, And God Himself their Lord and Judge and King." Those who saw him suffer so acutely know now that he has entered into his rest, and they know too that he wiU'come forth in the morning of the first resurrection, and yet, after all, knowing his great desire to live and labor for those he loved and for the world of mankind, it will take a long time to heal the wound, especially in the immediate family circle. To those near and dear who saw him after the struggle was over as he laid at rest in the beautiful robes of the holy priesthood it must have been a comfort to gaze upon his noble countenance, where there was no longer an expression of pain but only one of holy calm. From the last deep sleep the dead arise, To walk on the shores of Light. "The journey is over, the fight is fought, He hath seen the Home of his Love, And the heavenly smile on his face was caught From celestial world's above." Brother Brigham Young was born December 18, 1836, at Kirtland, then Geauga Co., Ohio, and was set apart as one of the Twelve Apostles, October 9, 1868, in Salt Lake City, more than thirty-fou- r years ago. During all that time he has labored diligently in the interest of the Church of God upon the earth; he has traveled as a missionary in many countries and among many people, and borne testimony of the truth revealed from heaven in these last days for the salvation of the world. Much of the time during these years of travel he was absent from his family, which to them was more or less painful and to him it was also a sacrifice, though made willingly on account of his great love for the truth. He was a man of great courage and devoted to his father and mother, and in his boyhood most affectionate and even reverential in his bearing wards them. Of his mother's children only two remain, his sister Luna, Mrs. George Thatcher, of Logan, (very recently left a widow) and his brother, Hon. John W. Young, of New York City, yet Brother Brigham was near in love and sympathy to all his father's numerous household. They will all miss his kindly greetings, his wise counsels and his presence in the family gatherings. The funeral services were held in the large Tabernacle, President Joseph F. Smith, so long associated with him in the Quorum of the Twelve, presiding. The interior of the building was draped in white crepe and an oil painting of the deceased hung in front of the organ, artistically draped with white crepe; the floral decorations were effectively arranged and the tributes of flowers from relatives and friends made an exquisite setting for the elegant white casket containing the beloved form of the Apostle to whom many thousands of the hosts of Israel paid respectful reverence on that day. The opening hymn was a great favorite of Brother Young'si and one especially appropriate on such occasions, "The Resurrection Hymn." Brother Brigham had a most excellent voice and was srery fond of singing the songs of Zion. The prayer was by Apostle George Teas-dal- e and was full of feeling devoutly expressed in language suited to the sublime services in the Lord's house. The hymn, "O my Father," which ways seems to'draw us near to the worlds on high, was sung by the magnificent Tabernacle choir in strains that touched every heart. The speakers were men who had been his bosom friends and associates, and who were devotedly attached to the deceased: first, Elders John Henry Smith and John W. Taylor, after which Mrs. Edwards sang a solo, "I know that my Redeemer liveth," and then his cousin, Elder Seymour B. Young, addressed the congregation, followed by Presidents John R. Winder and Anthon H. Lund. President Joseph F. Smith was the last speaker and paid a glowing tribute of respect and admiration to his departed fellow-labore- r. He closed his remarks with these impressive words: "President Smith, speaking to the family of President Young testified that their father had received a testimony of the truth, to which he had adhered with Godlike fidelity and devotion to the last. Nor was he deceived in this testimony. He, like his illustrious father, knew that the work he was engaged in was true, and he continued in it to the end and had now gone to reIt remained for the ceive his just reward. to honor his memman of this good family Then all his example. ory by emulating would be well with them. We are all mortal and have failings and imperfections, but if we seek to know the Lord, that knowledge will be given us and through faithfulness we shall come out conquerers in the end." The closing hymn was very effecting: "Rest for the weary soul, Rest for the aching head, Rest on the hillside rest. With the great uncounted dead." The benediction was pronounced by Elder Marriner W. Merrill, of the Quorum of the Apostles. At the cemetery, where the deceased was laid away in his last resting place, the grave was dedicated by Elder Mathias F. The singing at the cemetery beCowley. fore and after the interment was sublimely impressive. May our Heavenly Father comfort those who mourn, those who are thus bereft and may they follow in his footsteps as they have been advised by President Smith, and all will be well. IN MEMORIAM. HON. SEPTIMUS W. SEARS. Leaves have their time to fall And flowers to wither at the breath, And stars to set but all, Thou hast all seasons for thine own. O Death. north-wind- It 's is true, as Mrs. Heman'shasso beauti- fully expressed it, that death claims its victims at all seasons and all hours, and with death comes sorrow, no matter when or where. It becomes our painful duty to record the death of one of our own family, almost of our own household, who departed this life at 3:15 a. m, April 7, 1903, after a few days severe illness, having taken a bad cold, la grippe set in and later on pneumonia; the coughing was incessant and the patient could not lie down at all, but suffered Death came very suddenexcruciatingly. he and ly passed away without a struggle. Sad indeed however for those wno are left to mourn the loss of husband and father. To those who knew S. W. Sears in a business way he will be very greatly missed, especially the president and members of the Deseret Agricultural and Manufacturing Society of which he has been for some years past the able and efficient secretary. His work in and for the society has been most creditable, he was diligent and upright and strictly honest and honorable. As a business man he was highly esteemed; he was and calculated closely; he was a man of affairs; he was one who had helped to build up this commonwealth. He built at different times several homes in this city, which were all of them a credit to far-sight- 