WOMAN'S EXPONENT 46 plish that purpose. (Ref., page 287, Vol. 5, No. 4, Impt. Era. (d) Honor, refer to the fifth com- That talents are gifts mandment. from God, given to us undeveloped, for us to improve and develop. Prudent, cautious, self contrcl is wisdom's root. Robert Burns. (e) That marriage is ordained of God unto man. (Ref., page 713, Vol. 5, No. 9, Impt. Era.) Mine honor is my life, both grow in one, Take honor from me and my life is done. By Mrs. B. O. McIntire. Ninth Talk. Reverence. (a) True reverence, acceptable to filial a a reverence of is God, fear; divine nature proceeding from a just esteem of His perfections. Producing in us an inclination to do His will and serve Him. (b) We reverence superiors and age; we honor authority; we love virtue. (c) We should revere our parents with a submissive, humble spirit, respecting and honoring them for the many sacrifices they make lor us. (d) A wife should reverence her husband. In chiding children for faults, we should do it with love. Love should govern the human heart. (e) Religion produces reverential for all sacred things. We esteem should revere the law of God and be submissive to all the requirements. (Ref. to all the above subjects: Improvement Eta, Juvenile Instructor, Young Woman's Journal, and The Childrens Faiend. By Mrs. B. 0. McIntire. Tenth Talk. Home hijluences. (a) Power for directing and modify- ing. home influence is made by a congenial spirit, order, method, kindly correction, good books, etc. (b) A good (c) Entertainments. (d) Happy effect of such influence. By Mrs, Ruth McKee. Elevotith Talk. Recreation for Children. (a) Childrens' natural amusements. Children are always finding out new truths, and they are continually looking for things that excite their curiosity. (b) Observe from nature what nat- IN MEM0R1AM. PRESIDENT MARY ANN ELLIS. One great man has said: "The world knows nothing of its greatest men and women." How truly can we all agree with this beautiful statement when we reflect upon the life and works of our departed sister and friend Mary Ann Ellis. How few, there are in this broad world who realize the worth and good accomplished by our departed sister. There are some people in this world whose names may never be known beyond their family and mere circle of friends, and yet, the silent but never penetrating influence emiting from their noble lives may be felt throughout a nation. It is such lives as these that control that silent, but penetrating influence that moves this busy world onward and bids the erring ones look upward. Sister Ellis was born in England on the 3rd of October, 1822. While living in England she heard the Gospel of Christ preached by Brother Heber C. Kimball, and was very soon converted to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. With the true pioneer spirit she was not content until she wended her way towards the Rocky Mountains; and in the year of '56 with a company of Saints crossed the Plains, she herself pushing a hand cart, and what was endured during those trying days, only the Pioneers themselves can tell. She soon after settled in Ogden where she has lived up to the time of her death, July 28, 1903. In reviewing the life of Sister Ellis we can not help but admire and strive to emulate her fidelity and faithfulness to the Relief Society of the Second Ecclesiastical Ward of Ogden City, of which she was President for over twenty-fiv- e years. Even the most negligent member of the Society did not fail to look for Grandma Ellis in her old accustomed place each Thursday afternoon, and it is with some sorrow that we gaze upon her vacant chair but still we rejoice in the fact that she has gone to take part in a more advanced association than ours. If you would know, in a measure, some of the noble work accomplished by our sister, go to the widows and the orphans in and about the county of Weber, and there you will learn who it was that came to them as a ministering angel in the time of need, and not only administered to their temporal wants but spiritual as well. No morning was ever too cold or severe for her when she learned of a brother or sister in need. In reviewing such lives as Sister Ellis we cannot help but refer the influence of their noble lives to the poets' vase, in which: "You may break you may shatter the vase if you will. But the scert of the roses will cling to it still." Cora Wilson, Second Ward, Ogden. to-da- y, Revision of Lectures. Committee: Teenie Curtis, chairman; Maria Allen, Secretary; Barbara O. McIntire, Ruth McKee, Ella S. Williams. R. K. Relief-Societ- 71 s, Secretary, BIC GRAPH Y AND RESOLUTION. It becomes out painful duty to record the death of our departed sister, Nancy Holiest, who deputed this life, at her home in Lyman, Idaho, September 23, 1903- She was born in Farmington, Utah. February 16, 1872. She was a great sufferer for eleven days. She died as she had lived, a Saint. She attended a faithful Latter-da- y Relief Society meeting three weeks before she died, and bore a faithful testimony to the goodness of God. She leaves a loving husband and five small children to mourn their loss. Resolution adopted by the officers and members of the Lyman Relief Society, in honor of our beloved sister, Nancy Holiest: Whereas, our heavenly Father has called from our midst a loving wife, a kind mother, and a friend to all, Resolved, that we, the members of the Relief Society, emulate her noble traits of character and her devotiou to her religion; that we herewith express our heaitfelt husband and sympathy to her heart-brokeher children, and her brothers and only sister. Resolved, that these resolutions be placed on file in the Lyman Relief Society record; one sent to her beloved husband, and one to the Womans' Exponent, for publication. - n Dot Atkinson, Sec'y. Mrs. Roosevelt is a very great-granddaught- er y, Resolved: That, as our heavenly Father in his wisdom has seen fit to call home our Sister to a better life, we the officers and members of the Dublan Relief Society express our sincere sympathy to the bereaved husband and family in their loss; THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, society-record- of Jonathan Edwards, being directly descended from his eldest son. This is one of the interesting facts brought out ANNIE WALSER ROBINSON. by the Edwards centennial. It becomes our painful duty to record the death Miss Clara Barton, "angel of many battleof one of our noble sisters of the Dublan has recently been in Boston making fields," Juarez Stake of .Mexico. Sister Annie Robinson, wife ot Bishop S. J. arrangements for extending the work of the Robinson, passed away April 2, 1903, after giving Red Cross. The fact that in the United birth to twins, leaving one little infant girl; the States every year more than 30,000 people other one was taken with her. lose lives by accident has stimulated their She was the worthy mother of six children, and leaves a sorrowing father and mother, brothers her to organize first - aid - to - the - injured and sister, husband and four children to mourn classes all over the country. The Boston her loss. is to be the first one organized, beSister Robinson was born October 9, 1870, in branch cause Massachusetts is Miss Barton's native Payson, Utah. Her life has been a noble example from her childhood; she came to Mexico in the State. Classes will be organized and peryear 1890, enduring the hardships incident to early manent Red Cross brigades for volunteer days here. in calamity or war. She filled the position of Assistant Secretary in service urally amuses the children. (c) Guide them in their amusements so that they are wholesome for the Relief Society since June 3, 1897, to the satisof all, and endeared herself to a host of character building. In furnishing faction friends. recreation we should make an effort to The funeral was held in the meetinghouse make home the most attractive place 3, being one of the largest funerals ever held April here. The speakers Pres. H. Pratt, Patriarchs Miles P. cn earth. Romney and Charles Pulsipher, Bishop's Counse(d) Children take delight in playing lors Jos. S. Cardon and A. B. Call. what their parents are occupied in RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. doing for a livelihood. Twelfth Talk. fpfiHig also, that they have been greatly blessed witn her wise and faithful example. Be it further: Resolved: that these resolutions be placed upon also a copy sent to the "Woour man's Exponent" for publication. Eliza A. Tenney. President. O. a Wright, Joseph Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for your money. We aim to give you as TRY US Save Your Monoy! And when you get a dollar, deposit with Zion's it Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19.000 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and said interest four times a year.compute WRITE for any information desired. No. 1 Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George m. Cannon. Cashier. Main Street, 