The Ballot in the Hands oj the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. Vol. 31 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY, CONTENTS. Words From Japan ..Aunt Gusta Notes and News The New Year Emily B. Spencer S. L. Primary Conference A. VV.C. A Word to Mothers Mary S. Clark General Instructions to the Relief Society A Few 57 58 50 59 59 61 63 63 64 , Obituaries Relief Society Mothers" Classes Ladies' Meeting Semi-Month- Editorial ly A. Wadrop Women in Politics 60 60 60 60 61 Editorial Notes Mrs. Riter's Party A Delightful Afternoon In Memoriam Poetry Hyrum Smith, Augusta J. Crochtron Slumberland Selected L. L. G. Richards My Sister 57 59 59 HYRUM SMITH. Hyrum ! Where'er the Prophet stood, thou, his other self wert there- in all things sacred, high and good. Or persecutions shafts to share, Forgetting not the Love Divine That ever near us watchful hears; Thy brother's heart still turned to thine 'Mid heavenly raptures or earth's fears. Beside him while the souls of men The highest gifts of heaven received; Beside him, hated, driven, when At last by trait' rous friends deceived; In Temple's peace or home's sweet bliss, Or shackled in the prison's gloom; Thy life and love were bound in his Sharing at last the martyr's tomb. Yet, from the stricken home there grew. One worthy to bear thy great name; Filling the years faithful and true Until his highest calling came To lead God's people Ah, the tears The widowed mother suffering wept; Her prayers, her vigils through the years In heaven's blest treasury were kept ! ! The years may come and time may go. But brightening as they swifter pass, Ye martyred ones see here below . Your names and works grow grander, as e The Nations, in their race Of pride and greatness, hurry on, Forgetting in their worldly haste, The holier victories to be won self-wis- Aye Thou art with him still, above All hindrances, and thou dost stand Serene, with him to watch in love Thy people's mighty mission, and Mete blesssings to the pure, Defeat to all thy foes; And watch, from Zion's place secure, Heaven's and earth's long drama close. Augusta Joyce Crocheron. S. L. City, Sep. 10. 1902. ! A FEW WORDS FROM JAPAN. Tokyo, Japan, Dec. Dear Folks at Home: 15, 1902. It has been two weeks since I wrote to any one except little notes, and today I feel like writing again, for the mail that leaves Yokohama tomorrow. This is such a beautiful, bright day. I am sitting in my room upstairs with my window open, and the sun is shining in just like a warm spring day. The weather is peculiar; we say, "How cold it is," some days, and sit around a big fire, wear overcoats and furs when we go out, and still we have had no freezing weather yet, and no snow On December 1st we had just such a day as today, in fact we have many of them, and others that are stormy and cold. Yesterdav fSu ndav it Tninnr! nil diy and made me think of one of our cold fall storms at home We have had three distinct shocks of earthquake, tc o, during the last twenty-fou- r hours. We have thee so often, though, that we do not pay much attention to them. They rock us a little in our beds at night, and move the pictures on the wall, or rattle the windows or dishes, but we are getting used to this, if they are not worse, we shall not mind it. I was going to say, on December 1st I looked out into our garden and saw one tree with bright red autumn tints, another a pale yellow, one a vivid, fresh, spring green, two or three with barren branches, looking like the trees at home at this time of the year, and some full of buds that locked like they were just ready to burst. Then there is a whole hedge of camelias, the leaves a dark, glistening green, and hundreds of buds that come out a few at a time, and will continue to do so, I suppose, until spring, whenever it is warm enough. .We have a bouquet on the table all the time of the pretty pink and red flowers, the former you can hardly tell from roses, and we still continue to pick a few rosebuds from the tree that grows by cur window. Today as I look out over the country I see a few of the autumn tints, with every shade of green for there is a regular forest of evergreens and palms in our garden, and a great variety of trees whose foliage is strange to me. In many places we see a little patch of ground cultivated, with fresh green vegetables growing, looking like a spring garden, but I am sorry to say that most of the vegetables of that kind are new to us, and that we do not like, and besides we never use anything in this country that cannot be washed and peeled, on account of the way they use their fertilizers. I think this weather is beautiful, only I feel like I had too many winter clothes on today, but the boys are longing for winter weather. When Thanksgiving and Christmas draw near they want to see the snow. For fruit at this time of the year we have oranges and apples, any amount of them. The oranges are like those queer little Japanese oranges that the children buy down town sometimes, and a Chinese orange that is more like the kind we have at We rather home, but not nearly so nice. like the Japanese oranges, they are very juicy and peel very easily, the skin almost comes off in one whole piece, but they are very sour, and we have to eat them with They are very cheap, though, one sugar. we three hundred for sixty-fiv- e bought day cents. The apples are very nice, I think they are all imported. I must tell you about a visit we paid to some of our Japanese friends not long ago. Heber and I had been thinking for some time that we should repay the calls of the families where the boys are boarding, and who have been so very kind to them and to us. We walked to the first place, which is only a short distance from here, and Miss Nos. 1903 15-- 16 Mashimo and her mother met us at the door, oui shoes were removed and we were The boys were all given mats to sit on. there taking their lesson, so we did not j ' disturb them, but conversed with our Japanese friends. Young Mr. Mashimo came in and he can talk a little English, and he assisted in our entertainment. They first brought in a plate of cakes of various kinds which they placed on the floor before us. I tried to eat one, but it was very peculiar, one of the kind Alma told about. The inside was made of brown beans, ground up with sugar,- making a kind of "gum-drop- " substance, with dough on the outside. We broke one in two, and Heber swallowed his half, but I could not, though I tried to emulate his brave example. Next they brought in apples and the little Japanese oranges. They do not consider it right to pass you the fruit and let you wait on yourself, but always peel it for you. The fruit was quite nice, and we ate some of that, also tasted some of the boiled sweet potatoes that were served with the lruit, but as we had just goUen up from the dinner table at home before we started we were not at all hungry. The next things they in some was little crisp cakes that brought looked and tasted like ginger snaps, but are called "thunder cakes." They have no ovens to bake in, and these cakes are baked in a kind of griddle, and from the noisi and sputtering they make while baking they get their name. Mr. Mashimo gave us his picture, and his sister gave us her thimble, needle case and ivory marker that she was using in her sewing, all of which are great novelties to us. The thimble is like a ring, and worn on the middle joint of the finger. They are the greatest people to be always giving presents, and we hardly know what to do to keep even with them. We harldly ever go to their houses that they do not give us flowers and pins for the hair, flower pots, fruit, etc. One young man brought us a lacquer box full of sweet potatoes, mashed and all ready to eat, with his very best compliments. When Brother Grant was here before they gave him a sword and offered him a pheasant, but he could not accept that, as he could not possibly take care of it. Brother Ensign is favored with birds. When he was here alone living at a Japanese house he bought a canary to keep him company, and one of his callers seeing it thought he must be fond of birds, and so gave him another. Since we have been here Mr. Mashimo brought him a skylark, a little girl gave him another little bird of some kind, and last of all the laundryman brought him two more. He thinks of going into business now. To go back to our visit. After spending a very pleasant hour with the Mashimo family, we said we would go to make our call on the other family, where Sanford and Fred are staying, the Nirayama family. Mrs. Nirayama is the daughter of the Mashimos. The names of the Japanese nearly all have some signification, especially the given names of the girls. Niray- ama means, the latter part, "yama" moun- - ; 