WOMAN'S LONELINESS. Alone, in this bleak world of sin, Little loved, and prized by God alone. Father, mother, sisters, gone; Once a united family. No one to give me greeting, Or smiling welcome home; As once there used to be. Or warm lips loving kiss at night or morn. But rise my soul, above this melancholy mood. Was not the Savior lonely, too' He knoweth thy condition, And what is best for thee. Why murmur along life's pathway? The path He hath marked for thee Is surely best then do thy best With loving gratitude. He has a work for thee to do, And thou must do it well. And, perchance, thou cans't cheer the lonely; Speak gently to the aged one, Or give the little child a smile. And when thy work is done on earth. And the Father says it is enough. Come home and join thy family, In the mansions of the blest. My soul rejoices at such meeting; The bells of heaven will ling with joy, When the Father says: "Daughter, well done, Enter into the joy of the Lotd." The city that is of pure gold, and walls of jasper; The river of life passing through Sweet fields and never withering flowers; No sorrow or sickness can enter there. Then Oh. my soul, rejoice and rise above earth's trifles. The future is bright: then keep thine armor bright, And meet at home in that bright morning. October 8, 1903. Jennie Behching, LECTURE ON MOTHERS' WORK. Hope is one of the first principles of our religion, hnce every young woman that has been instructed in her usefulness as a woman when she enters into the marriage state hopes to become a mother and begins looking forward with anticipation for the time when she will realize the fact, then comes the time for preparation, her thoughts should be of a spiritual and moral character, she should try and make things pleasant at home, and prepare herself for the care of a precious charge which has been intrusted to her. Patience and kindness in the care of children helps us in our education for after life. Some mothers think that when they have seen that the child is fed, dressed, and its face and hands washed, its wants have been fully provided for, never thinking of the spiritual training that is necessary, and that every moment of the time that is spent in their presence is building up their character. These little ones look upon what father and mother say as gospel and their little minds being unable to correctly reason they take it all in, therefore it is very important that we be very careful what we say in the home, Home is the first and most important school of character; it is there that every human being receives his or her first moral training; it is there that the child imbibes those principles of conduct which endure through life; the home makes the man or woman, for home training not only includes mind and manners, but character; it is in the home that the heart is opened, the habits formed, the intellect awakened and the character molded for good or evil. We must not forget that history will tell what kind of homes have been kept in this generation; home training commences from the time the child has a smile on its face, we must be careful of our actions from that time, as the smallest seed sown in the minds of the children in their home life, afterwards comes forth to the world; the EXPONENT. training of any person cannot fail to be influenced by the moral surroundings of their early years. The Savior said "Cast thy bread upon the waters and it shall return again after many days." This plainly shows us what we sow we shall reap; we as letter- day Saints who profess so much should have the happiest homes on the earth, we have been sent here for a wise purpose and we should make the best of it, this is the school that is to prepare'us for a higher exaltation, and let us teach the children that the good deeds will shine as the stars of heaven. The parent should be constantly ou the lookout to gradually train the little ones in the work of doing things for themselves; the mind of the child who has not been spoiled takes pleasure in action, in solving new problems, in developing his resources, and a skillful parent will fall in with the workings of nature; but many parents seem to be afraid to teach their children to help themselves, the child is watched over and not allowed to do anything that can be done for him; things are gathered up after him, things are put away for him and yet he is fully able to do it all himself and would really enjoy doing so, if he had not been spoiled by over attention; some men have been so spoiled in childhood, youth, and early manhood by fond mothers that they are as helpless as babies about doing things for themselves; many a woman who has married a man of this kind is doing work every cay which was cut out lor her by her husband's mother years and years before. And mothers are foolish enough to keep on doing it, the mothers of one generation are continually making trouble for the mothers of the next in this way, and the mothers of girls continually paving the way for the future unhappiness ot their daughters and their daughters' husbands by waiting on their girls too much; a child's manners are often a true reflection of his circumstances and surroundings and who is responsible for these? not the child certainly. We parents should realize that children should learn to stand on their own feet, should be taught to develop individuality Have you ever thought of and self-helthe fact that the majority of successful men and women have had to do things for themselves when they were young? Each day brings its trials, troubles, tasks, and pain, but it also brings its joys, pleasures, satisfaction, and victories, We are here in the world, let us live and enjoy the good things that are before us, there is no man or woman no matter ho tr hard things are going with them, who cannot find a crumb of comfort, or a ray of light; patience is the first, that grace which enables us to bear affliction and calamities with constancy and calmness, and a ready submission to God's will, first pray then labor. Too few mothers recognize the fact that their child) en have certain rights which should be respected, that among these rights are a healthy body, a good disposition, and an intellectual and moral training. To the extent of her powers a mother should provide these for her child. I emphasize these duties as appertaining to the mother, since it is she and she alone generally in whom is vested the important office of the education of her offspring, the father may provide and aid his wife, bat he can never take her place in the lives of his children. The utmost regard for truth, and abhorence of falsehood should ever be kept in mind, an open' and candid disposition 43 ought to be encouraged, and an acknowledged fault rebuked with mildness and then forgiven, an affable, modest and polite behaviour should be cultivated, also a lively and cheerful countenance ; a feeling of jealousy ought never to be allowed to exist between children, there shouid be no marked preference, the clothing should always be suited to the season so that exposure to cold and damp should be avoided, fresh air, exercise, and cleanliness are essential to the child, they ought to be constantly cautioned against hurting themselves with surrounding objects, and the danger and pain and bad consequences explained to them, a child should never be forced to eat things that it dislikes, over indulgences should never be allowed, don't dodge experiences, nor shrink from tests and trials, character is a structure whose bricks are experiences. Prosperity and adversity have their advantages but be sure and do not forget from whom all blessings flow, as the twig is bent so the tree is inclined. Bertina Tregeagle. CITY OF MEXICO. November Mrs. E. B. Wells: 7, 1903. Dear Sister: I thought a short description of our trip to Ozumba this week would not be uninteresting to the readers of the Exponent. President H. S. Harris and myself left the city Wednesday morning to visit the Relief Society in Tecalco and Atlantla. They were informed of our proposed visit, so made preparations .for us. The ladies of Tecalco organized, cooked different dishes, and carried them to a beautiful little grove of pine trees and served a hot dinner on We had beef, broth, e persons. plates to rice soup, haha beans, squash prepared in three ways, beans in two ways, chili sauce, etc., etc. At the conclusion of the meal some of the girls favored us with several songs, then we returned held our meeting, and went back to Ozumba. e walk to Thursday morning we took a Atlantla, and found Juana Paez, the local President of the Relief Society, busy in the kitchen. She was sitting flat on a ground floor preparing string beans for dinner. The fire, that had been kindled on the same floor, in the middle of the room was blazing up beside her, and the smoke room had there would have rilled the been fewer vent holes. She has a stove that was brought from the Colonies many years ago, but it is seldom used. A is better for cooking "tortillas" and camp-fir- e boiling beans, and these are their principal dishes. About twelve the members of the Relief Society and we began coming in slowly, bringing were served in the meeting house; at the close we reorganized the Society, putting Tomasita Lozala in as President, and Juana Paez, the former President, as her second counselor, the first counselor held her position. That night we returned to Ozumba, and Friday morning took the train for the city. We hold conference in two weeks in Cuerna-vacand fondly hope that some of our Sisters from the north will be with us. Sister Johnson, the President of the Relief Society at Colonia Diaz, Chihuahua, Mexico, has been in the city, with her husband, for some time, but they were called home last week, however, we expect them back in time to join us at the Cuernavaca Conference. Elders Parry and Foster are assisting President Hall in the Cuervanaca branch, and are teaching the Saints how to read. The Elders and all the American Mormons in these parts are enjoying good health. With best love to yourself and Sister Smith, I am your Sister; fifty-fiv- two-mil- corn-stoc- k pic-ni- c, a. 5 Lexia Curtis Harris. a Calle de Humboldt, No. 50 Cindad de Mexico. Mrs. Linda Hull Lamed, president of the National Household Economic Association, returned recently from a four month's Euro pean trip. 