WOMAN'S go tion at some length at the morning session, speaking upon the subjects of home and motherhood, and the principles of tithing, and reverence for sacred ordinances and the holy priesthood. At noon a large number of guests assembled at the residence of President John W. Hess and partook of a bounteous repast. Sise ter Smith greatly enjoyed this visit with friends, She also addressed the meeting again in the afternoon, giving many interesting reminiscences of the early days in the Church. It was a very great pleasure to the people to have this visit from their general president and President Hess, in his address at the close,of the meeting alluded to their acquaintance feelingly and expressed himself in pronounced terms of admiration and reverence for one who had been so long associated with the prophets and apostles of work. the Latter-daAt the General Conference in October President B. W. Smith presided and made quite a lengthy address for her, as she is a believer in short speeches and practises what she teaches. President Smith said she was delighted to see so many assembled in conference; felt she would like to know all the presidents in the Stakes and in the wards, but could not visit much on account of time, because her calling was in the Temple; she had been associated with that work ever since she was a young girl, as it were, iu this and other Temples. "I want to bear testimony to you that Joseph Smith introduced the endowment, he taught us these things and I received the ordinances during his lifetime in Nauvoo. I attended every meeting afterwards as long as he lived; the same ordinances were given in the Nauvoo Temple after the death of Joseph the Prophet. I had the privilege of administering there and for many years in the Endowment House in this city and in otter Temples here, and in this Temple now nearly ten years, and that seems to be my calling and therefore I cannot visit very much among the sisters, as this is more my work than anything else. " We have had a grand conference and many great and good teachings, and nothing has struck me more forcibly than the converting of the Indians. I have great sympathy for them; I let my only son go to preach life and salvation to them and he lost his life; and I believe he is preaching to them yet in the spirit world. "1 often think about Moroni, he brought the Book of Mormon, and if we could see him would like to have us do a work for his people. I feel this and I love to hear of the labor among that people." President Smith told the sisters that forty-twStakes had been visited since last conference; she wished the sisters to be united, to take care of the sick and the needy and to attend to all the duties of the society, and she wished them to subscribe for the Exponent and to help it along and to read it, she had always done so, and she asked the blessing of the Lord upon the Relief Society and all engaged in the good work of redemption. In the biography of "Sister Bathsheba," as she is so often affectionately designated, it has been mentioned that she is naturally a woman of refined tastes, as well as loving and tender in disposition and character. She has always been very fond of flowers and loved to cultivate them herself, and her home has invariably been surrounded with flowers and shrubbery and much of EXPONENT. the work of planting and tending them has Soon nfter been done by her own hands. where office, the from Historian's she moved into so the she had dwelt many yearsf she now smaller adobe house occupies, she had in her little flower garden seventy varieties of flowers; she is often seen now at the age of four score and more, early in the morning weeding and watching her flowers and her little garden at the back where she has vegetables, such as peas, beans and lettuce, etc., growing to supply her own table. In her early life she had also a taste for drawing and painting and has with crude materials and without lessons painted some pictures, which show that she inclined to figure painting, which is said to be the most difficult of all art. Sister Smith had also musical talent both instrumental and vocal, was fond of playmelodean and the ing on the organ, accompanying herself when singing. These traits of character show the innate tendencies of her mind; although, through her people leaving their home in Virginia and uniting their interests with the Church, she has had to endure all sorts of hardships, instead of having opportunity for what is termed a higher education. And yet, after all, Sister Bathsheba' s life has been beautiful; a complete love story in itself. She married young the one man in all the world she would have chosen, and with him partook of the blessings of the everlasting Gospel, and there is nothing in this life to compare with the faith and hope she has of her future happiness in the world to come when reunited with her husband and those whom she loved, children, parents, relatives and friends, with them she will enjoy all the privileges and blessings promised to the faithful who have overcome. But Sister Smith has been honored in this life with her husband, prophets and apostles, and since the death of that great and valiant hero and statesman, President George A. Smith, she has been highly honored by the priesthood on being chosen to fill the position of Elect Lady in the Temple and in the Relief Society. She has also received many testimonials of love and affection in speeches from the sisters, and poems of merit and praise have been addressed to her by our sainted mother in Israel, Eliza R. Snow, one of her most intimate friends, and later by Ellis R. Shipp, L. L. Greene Richards, Lydia D. Alder and also the writer of this sketch, (E B. Wells) and some day in the future the writer hopes and expects that Sister Bathsheba W. Smiths' s gifted granddaughter, Alice, or her great granddaughter, Mary, or some of her famous posterity will write a poem of their heroic ancestor's life in a complete "love story" that will be a fitting tribute to the memory of one so illustrious and so dearly beloved. Her long and eventful life contains all the subject matter for an epic poem worthy the effort of the pen of the poet, illustrated by the pencil and brush of the artist. More anon. E. B. W. old-tim- y ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATIONS. LYMAN, t anniversary of the Relief in the Lyman celebrated was Society Amusement Hall, March 17. A large congregation assembled and the following program was rendered: President Anna Galbraith presided and the singing was conducted by Isaac Smith. . Opening song, "O my Father," choir. Invocation, Marshal Grover. Quartette, "My Mountain Home so Dear," Phebe Richens and others. Address of welcome by President Annie Galbraith. She also explained the ten cent fund. A brief sketch of the first organization of the Relief Society was given by Counselor Elizabeth Atkinson. Graphaphone selection, Annie Olson. Remarks, Recitation, H. S. Shirtliff. Thomas Atkinson. Duet, C. Bowen and Lee By bee. Select reading, Annie Galbraith. Instrumental selection, Celia Atkinson. Recitation, Dora Robison. Grapho-phon- e selection, Annie Olson. Quartette, Minnie By bee and others. "Care of the Wheat" was read by Secretary Marintha Atkinson. Select reading, Martha Randall. Remarks, Bishop C. P. Bowen. Closing number, choir. Benediction, Marshal Grover. At the close of the exercises the children were given a dance, and our celebration closed with a grand ball in the hall in the evening. The ten cent fund was promptly paid. We have erected a neat granary since we were organized one year ago, and everything is progressing favorably with us. The old-fashion- o I Edna Lyall,; the popular English novelist who has lately died, was much beloved for her kindness of heart and many charities. She is said by the English papers to have been also "an ardent politician, secretary of the local Women's LiberaLAssociation, and a firm supporter of woman suffrage." IDAHO. sixty-firs- Marintha Atkinson, ARCHER, The ' Sec. IDAHO. anniversary of the organization of the Relief Society was celebrated here. Program rendered, President Sarah S. Briggs presiding: Singing, "Oh, ye mountains high." Prayer by Brother Edward Kimber. Singing, "Ye simple souls who stray." Sketch of the organization of the Relief Societr, Mary Ann Briggs. Song, Mary Ann Briggs, of Oxford. Selection, Brother John Stacy "The Parson." Essay on Relief Society work, E. A. Lenroot. Song, Miss Myrtle Young and others, "Beside the Manger." A few remarks, Brother 0. P. Johanson. A toast, Brother Charles Briggs, Sr. Music, Miss Esther Briggs. Recitation, Albert Nelson, "Catching the Colt." Remarks, David Robison. Recitation, Zilpha Squires, "The Blacksmith's Story." Song, Charles Burns, "A Gentleman Still." Music by Miss Myrtle Young. Comic recitation, C. L. Johnson, "Broken Hearted Dutchman." Comic recitation, Melvin Squires, "The Sleepy Head." Remarks, Bishop George Briggs. Singing, "Great God attend." Benediction, Edward Kimball. Tables were then spread with the bounties of life and every one present enjoyed the feast, the number being about 140. The tables were then cleared and the children engaged in a good, lively dance until about 5 o'clock p. m., when the people all retired home to prepare for the party in the evening that ended the merry day which is long to be remembered by old and young. Sarah S. Briggs, Pres. R. S. sixty-firs- t 