ou There will be a meeting of the General and Stake officers of the Relief Society held on Monday, April 6, 1903, at 4:30 p. m., in the asssembly hall of the Business College, Templetou Building, Salt I,ake City, Utah. Bathshrba W. Smith, President. 4 THE NATIONAL CONVENTION. annual Convention of The Thirty-fift- h the National American Woman Suffrage Association will be held in New Orleans, The La., March 19th to 25th, inclusive. in held the be will Athenaeum, meetings and the hotel headquarters will be at the St. Charles. Among the prominent speakers will be Miss Anthony, Rev. Anna H. Shaw, Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt, Miss Laura Clay, Mrs. Harriet Stanton Blatch, Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Gilman, Mrs. Ida Names of other speakers Husted Harper. will be announced later. The Local Committee in New Orleans have planned social features which will add to and sight-seein- g the pleasure of the gathering. Correspondence solicited. Kate Miss Susan B. Anthony attained her 83rd birthday on Sunday, Feb. 15. The day The Arizona House of Representatives was celebrated on Saturday or Monday by has voted to grant full suffrage to women. the Political Equality Clubs throughout New York State, and by many in other Mrs. Mary A. Livermore presided at the Miss Anthony herparts of the country. Fortnightly of the Massachusetts W. S. A., self celebrated by holding a reception at her held at 3 Park St., on February 17. A home in Rochester, N. Y., on Monday resolution of rejoicing was adopted on the afternoon, assisted by Rev. Anm H. Shaw, passage by the Arizona House of Reprecomes on the day before whose sentatives of a bill giving full suffrage to Miss birthday Anthony's. Miss Shaw was just back women. from New Hampshire, where she has been in behalf of the pending suffrage speaking After thirty-fou- r years' trial of woman's amendment. Miss Anthony characteristicsuffrage it has proved so satisfactory that ally that the friends at her recepboth branches of the Wyoming Legislature tion, requested instead of bringing any birthday have again adopted a resolution commendpresents for her personally, should each ing it to other commonwealths. The reso- leave some contribution, however small, lution which came up on the 19th, states for the New Hampshire compaign fund. that woman suffrage has raised the standard of candidates, made elections more Miss Esther Howland, of Worcester, orderly, improved the character of the Mass., invented the modern valentine in Legislature and developed womanhood to a 1849. She never married and died about broader usfulness. ten years ago. She was a graduate of Mrs. Bernardi, teacher of the GovernMount Holyoke Seminary, and her father ment School at Cape Prince of Wales, has had a small book store and bindery. Wishmade an important ethnological discovery. ing to add a new feature to the business, She found in the bluffs overlooking the she took stiff letter paper, scalloped and holes villiage of Kinkegan, the relics of fortificafringed the edge, cut heart-shape- d tions and subterranean rooms used ages in the corners, glued on colored pictures ago by the Alaskans in resisting an in- that came with raisins, tea, etc., put around vasion by the natives of Siberia. the pictures borders of the lace paper that wa-edges of fancy boxes, The suffragists are pushing the bill for and used on the inside little them. the property rights of women which they The valentines found a verses onbusiness ready sale; have had presented to the Legislature and in men New and York elsewhere began to it will probably pass. It provides that the order them for the next year, and it soon widow of an intestate, if there be children, Miss Howland had developed that appeared shall receive one half the real estate in fee a real business. simple, unless there be children by a former wife, in which case the widow shall receive one-thir- d of the real estate in fee simple. The same law applies to a widower. An appropriation of $9,000 made by the Illinois Legislature for a statue of Frances E. Willard, to be placed in the Statuary DR. ELLIS R. SHIPP Hall, Washington, has lapsed, and the present Legislature has been asked to reenact it. The long time required by the artists Has returned to Salt Lake City, and to complete their competitive models is located permanently at 713 Second given as the cause- of their failure to draw St., where she will be pleased to the appropriation. Helen F. Mtars, of meet her old friends and patrons, and Wisconsin, the artist chosen, is now at will resume the practice of her prowork on the statue, and will have it combefore an made this at fession. The Doctor will also teach pleted appropriation session of the Legislature would lapse. Classes in Obstetrics and NOTES AND NEWS. NOTICE. M. Gordon, Cor. Sec. N. A. W. S. A. 2008 Am. Tract So. Bldg,, New York City. s hand-painte- CALL FOR EXECUTIVE SESSION. The Fourteenth Annual Executive Session of the National Council of Women of the United States will be held in New Orleans, Louisiana, on March 26 27, and 28. The first meeting will be held in the parlor of the St. Charles Hotel, and will convene at 9 o.clock a. m. on Thursday, March 26th. Attendance will be limited to officers of the National Council, and presidents of the affiliated organizations. During the three days there will be held five day Conferences, as follows: On the afternoon of Thursday, the 26th; both morning and afternoon of Friday, the 27th; and on the morning of Saturday, the 28th. On the evening of Thursday, March 26th, the officers of the National Council will hold a reception in the Palm Garden of the St. Charles Hotel. On the evening of Friday, March 27th, a public meeting of the Council will be held under the auspices of the Local Council of Women of New Orleans, according to arrangements made by this local body. On the afternoon of Saturday, March 28, there will be a conference of the officers and presidents of the affiliated organizations. A detailed program of the business meetings indicated, and of the public meetings, will be published. Let it be remembered by all members of the Council that its Annual Executive Sessions are of the most important character; that in comparison with them a Mass Convention is of relatively small value and R. K. Obstetrics and Nursing- - Nursing. Mrs. Roosevelt is reported to be in ger of breaking down under the too great strenuosity of the social life at the White House. Since November i, 200 guests have been kept over night, 36 dinner parties given," 275 guests entertained at luncheon, 50 at breakfast; there have been three State dinners, six musicales, five State receptions and three afternoon receptions by Mrs Roosevelt. Besides these, she and the President have attended eight cabinet dinners, and dined with Senators Hanna and Our women think a Lodge. woman is too fragile to cast a ballot, yet any one of them would be delighted to assume the duties of a President's wife. dan- anti-suffra- 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN 0 R NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much at possible for your money. Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. ge THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, d The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. We aim to give you as ""TRY y g N ti.l-c- - George Main Street, M. Cankoh, Cashier 