WOMAN'S EXPONENT 75 -- SCATTER SWEET FLOWERS. Writ ten for my beloved friend, Mrs. Emme-lin- e B. Wells, who for seventy-fiv- e long years has scattered the flowers of her love for the livnew life, and bud and bloom ing. May they take and scatter their sweetest fragrance for ever more in her own pathway. Scatter the flowers in the pathway of the living, Give while thy friend may enjoy the perfume-N- ow while warm lips may respond to the giving, Wait not to strew them on bier and on tomb. recognize here the virtues of mortals. Appreciate now their works and their worth; Wait not till those dear have passed through death's portals, Love and be loved while yet ofthe earth. Utter the words thy spirit is prompting, Breathe gentle tones of sympathy sweet, Soothe the sad heart that breaks with its aching. Guide now in love the wandering feet. Pour in the soul the balm of believing, True faith in mankind and our Maker above, Let not worldly strife thy spirit deceiving, M ake thee forget the greatness of love. Scatter the flowers of love for the living Smiles, words and deeds through life's fleeting Ah ! hours. Give for the glorious goodness of giving, Scatter sweet flowers, oh scatter sweet flowers, Ellis R. Shipp. ! The idea is that the sisters will occupy the first hour of the meeting in bearing testimony after the opening exercises, and afterwards sing a hymn and then the lecture. The sisters will have the subject of each lecture given out, informing all wards in this Stake, and it would be desirable for all those who are"Interested to think over the matter and look'; upj references and be prepared to say something approA priate when the discussion is opened. been has made some beautithat suggestion ful thought, either original or quoted, be given by some one at the close of the meetings sentence complete in itself, that might be remembered even if one could not carry the lecture itself in mind. Doctrine and Covenants sec. 68, verse 25. "Seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom, seek learning even by study and also by faith. " Ref. LECTURE VI. THE SABBATH to rest and worship. Ref. 3rd Commandment. Doctrine and Covenants 59th section, 1 2th and 13th verses. Editor. Annie Wells Cannon, Carrie LECTURE I. WOMAN KNOW THYSELF. i . Study well your own character before undertaking the grave responsibilities of wife and mother. a Disposition, physical condition, mental and moral tendencies. b Power to control and guide your- I saw the gardener bring and strew Gray ashes where blush roses grew, The fair still roses bent them low, Their pink cheeks dimpled all with dew, And seemed to view with pitying air The dim gray atoms lying there. Ah, bonny rose, all fragrances And life and hope and quick desires, What can you need or gain from these, Poor ghosts of fires ? The rose tree leans, the rose tree sighs, And wafts this answer subtly wise: "All death, all life are mixed and blent; Out of dead lives fresh life is sent; Sorrow to these is growth for me, And who shall question God's decree?" long-forgotte- n Ah, dreary life.jwhose gladsome spark No longer leaps in song and fire, But lies in ashes gray and stark, Defeated hopes and dead desire, Useless and dull and all bereft-T- ake courage, this one thing is left; Some happier life may use thee so, Some flower bloom fairer on its tree, Some sweet orttepder tting may grow To stronger life because of thee; Content to play a humble part, Give of the ashes of thy life, And haply God, whose dear decrees Take strength from those to give to these, Who draws the snow-dro- p from the snows, May from those ashes find a rose. Congregationalist. LECTURES FOR MOTHERS. Following is the plan of work outlined the 'Relief Society Mother's work, Salt Lake Stake, by a special committee appointed by the piesident, M. Home, and her counselors, Sister Sarah Jenne Cannon and Sister Clara C. Cannon. A meeting was held, the committee being present, also some others by invitation, and suggestions of subjects were made, after which the committee of three met and formulated a plan and submitted it to President Home and her counselors, President Bathsheba W. Smith was also present, Sister E. B. Wells, Sister Emma S. Woodruff, Sister Mary A. C. Lambert and Sister Maggie C. Hull. The Lectures were read and voted upon separately and it was decided to have them published in this paper, so that copies of them could be obtained by all who desired to have them. LECTURE II. THE MOTHER'S PARADISE. i. The hope, the anticipations, preparations. The child from infancy to school. a Thoughts of the mother, her faith, her daily life. b The wardrobe, the room, the home. c Tbe little one, his growth physic- ally, spiritually, morally and y. "As the twig is bent the tree is inclined LECTURE III. THE LATTER-DA- SAINT CHILD. PARENT AND i. A life in harmony with the Gospel is the perfect example. "We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous and in doing good to all men." Ref. 13th Article of Faith. 5th Commandment: "Honor thy father and thy mother that thy days may be long upon the land that the Lord thy God giveth thee." Study and teach. for Isa-bell- a intellect-auall- LECTURE IV. THE RIGHTS OF THE CHILD IN THE HOME. i. Exchange of confidences a Attention to proper questions. b Respect for the child's feelings. "Too much indulgence has spoiled many a child, too much love not one." Love brought the child into the world, and the more love we give them now, the more we have for ourselves. Love goes most to those who give most. LECTURE V. THE TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH CONCERNING THE REARING OF CHILDREN Reference. Word of Wisdom. S. Thomas, Julia Woolley, Committee. M. Isabella Horne, S. "Greater is he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh a city." BY SUSAN COOLIDGE. ITS SACREDNESS AND HOLINESS. DAY Prepare your home duties as far as possible, that the Sabbath may be truly given President. Sarah Jenne Cannon, Clara C. Cannon Counselors. PROGRAM FOR U. S. D. R. self. ASHES. Doc. and Cov. sec. 109, verse 7. 1903, 1904. March 16, r 903. Reading of Declaration of Independence, with a brief biography of the signers, Clarissa Y. Spencer. Story told or read relating to the topic of the day, Isabel M. W-- Sears. Reading of patriotic poem or hymn, briefly name origin and writer, Maria Y. Dougall. April :6. Origin and history of first flag, Phebe Y. Beatie. Story told or read of to the day, Ella W. the topic relating of Reading Hyde. patriotic poem or hymn, W. Smith. Lucy May 16. Life of Abraham Lincoln, Elizabeth R Wright. Story told or read relating to the topic of the day, Clarissa S. Williams. Reading of patriotic poem or hymn, briefly name origin and writer, Catharine Wells. Saptember 18. Life of Abagail Adams, Story told or read relatEmily C Willey. to the topic of the day, Alice S. M. ing Horne. Reading of patriotic poem or hymn, briefly name origin and writer, C. Y. Cannon. October 16. Life of Benjamin Franklin, Diana F. Rich. Story told or read relating to the topic of the day, J. P. M. Farns-wortReading of patriotic poem or hymn, briefly name origin and writer, Mary A. H. Cannon. Life of Paul Revere, November 16. F. Lund. Julia Original story, subject Thanksgiving day, Susa Y. Gates. Reading of patriotic poem or hymn, briefly name origin and writer, Myra Y. Rossiter. Dececember 16. Life of Dolly Madison, Almira H. M. De Wolfe. Story told or read relating to the topic ot trie day, Mary ER. Webber. Reading of patriotic poem or hymn, briefly name origin and writer, Claire C. Benedict. January 16. Social life of Thomas Jefferson, Martha R. Groo. Story told or read the of to the day, Florence topic relating Scholes. Reading of patriotic poem or hymn, briefly name origin an writer, Clarissa Y. Spencer. February 16. Life of Mrs. John Jay, Carol Cannon. Story told or read relating to the topic of the day, Sarah F. Smith. Reading of patriotic poem or hymn, briefly name origin and writer, Emmeline B. ' Wells. h. - 