WOMAN'S EXPONENT 8 able that in its various branches it has increased in good works and developed in affairs generally, and that the women of this great organization are growing and broadening in thought and activity along the lines that lead to a higher life and broader culture in that which will tend to better the home, the state and the nation. The general officers of the society and those who have been selected to assist them in its supervision, visit all the several conferences where reports are made, and make such suggestions as seem wise and helpful to the advancement of the work undertaken. This is educational to those who travel and speak in the interest of the society, as well as advantageous to the ones whom they visit. They travel every year thousands of miles in this interest. Our Relief Society reaches all the people and has been a means of helpfulness in the daily lives of the women that cannot be overestimated. We have just celebrated, on the seventeenth of this month, our sixty-firs- t anniversary in all the branches throughout the entire society. Our president, who is now over eighty years of age, is in the full vigor of life and health, and sends love and greeting to this grand council of women. She is interested in all woman's work for righteousness and peace throughout the world, and our society stands as a bulwark of strength to forward every great movement for the good of the human race. NOTICE TO THOSE INTERESTED IN SERICULTURE. The Utah Silk Commission takes pleasure in calling the attention of the people of our State to the fact that the season of raising silk worms is here again, and that the commission is prepared to distribute silk worm eggs to those who desire to engage in this industry this year. Many letters from those who intend taking up the work this season have been received, and we hope those who have raised silk in the past will profit in the future by their past experiences and do all they can to improve the quality of their cocoons, as we are anxious to have the exhibit we shall make at the Fair in St. Louis as representative of the entire State as possible, and trust that the people will do all they can to assist us. We must again advise those engaging in this work to use the pamphlet of instructions issued by the Commission, as many failures in the past have come through the use of other books. We must remember that the great climatic differences must be considered; this is one reason why we have so much better results when we understand how to take advantage of our conditions. In any emergency likely to arise, you will find the information you need by referring These books of into our instructions. struction also the silk worm eggs will be sent to those who desire them, within the State, absolutely free of cost. We are pleased to inform the public that R. K. the interest and work, which may some time be of great assistance to those interested in this industry, is still going on in Washington, also that the line of scientific experimental work taken up by us through the Experiment Station at Lcgan will be continued, and during this year a bulletin on silk culture will be issued, containing a history of its growth in the State, facts regarding the growing of mulberry trees and much information that we greatly need. We were much pleased with the interest which has led to the planting of great numbers of mulberry trees, and trust this work may go on as the production of large quantities of silk in the future depends on the work done in this line, and it will also add greatly to the agricultural wealth of the State. Address all letters to the Secretary, Room 502 City and County Building, Salt L,ake City, Utah. Secretary Utah Silk Commission. GRANITE STAKE, The eleventh quarterly conference of the Relief Society of the Granite Stake of Zion was held in the Mill Creek meeting house, Tuesday morning, February 10, 1903. Presidency of the Stake Relief Society Emma S. Woodruff, Mary P. Young and Katharine H Brockbank, the secretary, assistant secretary, treasurer and aids were on the stand. After the opening exercises, the secretary called the roll, all wards but one represented. Minutes and yearly report read and accepted. President Emma S. Woodruff greeted all with a kindly welcome and expressed her pleasure in seeing so many present to enjoy the spirit of the conference. President Sarah B. Gibson reported Sugar Ward; President Christina Bird, Grant; President Eliza White, Wilford. President Woodruff introduced Sister Miller as the wife of Prof. J. T. Miller of the E. D. S. College. Sister Miller spoke of the necessity of all mothers and young girls storing their minds with good practical knowledge. Sister Maria Johnson reported Granger Ward; President Charlotte Neilson, Hunter; and Counselor Mary P. Benson, Taylors-villThese sisters spoke of their being united with their Bishops and doing all they could to relieve the wants of the poor and sick. Treasurer Maria B. Winder, of Granite Stake, felt that we were all interested in our missionaries and said she would read a letter from Apostle Heber J. Grant, written to President John R. Winder. All were very much interested in the letter. Aid Emily M. Brinton: "As Sister Woodruff has told you I have, lately returned from a mission in Europe with my husband." She gave an account of some of their missionary experiences. After singing, Brother Walter Hewick offered the benediction. e. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. ' much as possible for your money. Afternoon session. We were favored wilh the presence of President Frank Y. Taylor. Sister Armeda S. Young explained the plar. of the mothers' work. Urged the sisters who took these lectures to be prayerful and ask for guidance of their Heavenly Father, that all might work harmoniously together under the direction of their presidents; and try to make a thorough study of the spiritual, moral and physical development of our growing boys and girls; the subject of motherhood; the Word of Wisdom, study and practice it that we may receive the blessings promised those who obey. Bishop Day, of Hunter, had enjoyed the spirit ot the conference. A song was then sung by Elder Joseph A. White. Sister Miller: ' 'You have a beautiful plan of work laid out for you, and by working and studying you will get truths and hidden treasures." Referred to the Word of Wisdom and the necessity of observing it. Referred to the work that was being done in the L. D. S. College as an excellent work to prepare the youug girls for motherhood. President Frank Y. Taylor was pleased with the report that Sister Woodruff gave of this Stake. Spoke of the first great law, to love the Lord with all your might, mind and strength, and your neighbor as yourself. Urged all to guard themselves that they did not lose the faith; to find no fault with the Priesthood of God or criticise them, and set this worthy example before your children. Read from the Do;trine and Covenants. Spoke of the necessity of mothers keeping in close touch with their daughters and teach them to guard and prize their virtue and keep themselves pure. Counselor Mary P. Young spoke of trying sometimes to shirk duties aud spoke of the need of taking hold of self and straightening up to duty. Referred to thoughts that passed through her mind at last fast meeting when one of the speakers remarked that "the Savior's coming was near." President Emma S. Woodruff was sorry to learn that some of the missionaries were getting slack, as they had accomplished a great deal of good in the past. Singing, and benediction by Bishop Hamilton. Armeda S. Young, Sec. Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Dank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 sav- ings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. We aim to give you as 'Ml.y p y y g Joseph NoeJ-3- - George Main Street. F. M. Smith, Prest. Cannon, Cashier 