WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 68 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copv one year $1.00; one copy six months, No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv50 cts ered by mail, extra for postage one year. 2, cts. Each square, ten lines of nonpanei A ivertising rates: s ace one time $2.50; per month. $3.00. A liberal to regular advertisers. 507 Templeton, South Temple Exponent office Room Street: Busine.--s hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. every cUy, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, ds-ou- nt Entered at the Post tecond-clas- s matter. Office Salt Lake City, Utah as in Salt Lake City, Salt Lake City, Utah, February, tah, 1903 BEWARE OF EVIL INFLUENCES.' Undoubtedly these are the last days, the dispensation of the fulness of times when all things are to be gathered into one; and (perhaps) the greatest awakening that has ever taken place among the children of men. On every hand we hear of this and that new thought, and men (and women too) are so anxious for something uncommon, or mysterious, that they may easily be influenced in the wrong direction, unless they are constantly on their guard and continually prayerful, seeking for the Spirit of God to give them light from the fountain of all wisdom! A laudable desire for knowledge is com- mendable, but many other things are necessary, humility and obedience to the truths already made known is of greater value than the enthusiasm that sometimes leads one into labyrinths of error. The dear old ladies who study the Bible, the Book of Mormon and the standard Church works are still able to tell our young mothers many things for their edification and benefit in rearing their families, even though their own education " in the schools may have been limited, and they may not have read all the new or old works of the great authors with which scholarly people may be familiar. We do not wish to be misunderstood, we are in favor of progress in the right direction;' yet we can see that the tendency of the age is for new ideas and. methods, and Saints to be exit behooves the Latter-daof companionnot careful,' only ceedingly introduced books of but among the' ship " young. Paul the Apostle, in his solicitude for the Saints in his day, exhorting them said "Beman spoil you through philware lest and vain deceit, after the tradition osophy of men,' after the rudiments of the world, and not after Christ," and one might say the same in our day, for there are so many books that try to tell us how we came to be, and causes and reasons, and. how old the earth is, and all sons of false theories, that one needs to be well rooted and grounded in the truths that have been revealed through Joseph the Prophet not to be led. astray through such scientific and ps etiological works. In that day there were not so many thousands of books as at the present time, and the choice of books must be of the greatest importance in the home or elsewhere. In the matter of children's reading the parents are and must necessarily be cautious, but t'lere are many pepple who need almost as much counsel and care in this respect as the little folks, they are so unwary and have not all had the training of prayerful and wise mothers. The writer recalls at the present moment a sermon of one of our greatest men when speaking to the Relief Society, and giving some simple advice to the mothers of little children, he referred to one of his own family as having imparted in her teachings, such lessons of faith and spiritual strength that the children under her care wtie full of living faith. That all kinds of evil powers and influences are abroad in the world, and heie as elsewhere (if not to the same extent) there is need to beware of the darkness that covers the earth and gross darkness the minds of the people. There are many ways in which the Latter-day Saints may become weak in the faith and therefore it seems imperative that activity in duties and obligations pertaining to the Church be observed, or such reading as will tend to the increase of faith if one is not able to attend meetings regularly. It will be remembered by our sisters that some years ago our beloved Sister Zina requested the Relief Society in the several branches. in all the Stakes to read from the Doctrine and Covenants in their testimony meetings, beginning with the Articles on Faith, and talk, comment upon or in some way discuss the matter, at any rate make themselves familiar with the subject as As this has only been done given there in a few instances or places (apparently) would it not be well and helpful to adopt the practice, and when making verbal reports at conferences to give among other things a summary of these readings ? Would it not have a tendency to inculcate faith in those who give advice and counsel ? This is simply a suggestion as it does seem necessary to counteract in some way the' evil influences that are sometimes too strong to be resisted by those who have not had experience in these things The scriptures tell us that in the last days such strong evidences of evil power shall be made manifest as to deceive even the very elect, if that were possible. Most of the Latter-da- y Saints realize how necessary it is to have faith to be healed in times of sickness, but when faith languishes and is hardly kept alive, how shall one have the sublime faith required in times of serious illness or accidents? Faith keeps alive hope in the hnman heart and makes it possible to do many things otherwise seemingly impossible. Evil influences that darken the mind and lead men and women astray are more to be dreaded than disease that can only kill the mortal body. Many of these influences are insidious and one must be always watchful and on the alert to guard against that which creeps in unawares. The attack of an open foe is not so much to be feared for then one knows how to defend one's rights, honor or principles, but that which is treacherous, working in the dark, deceptive should be avoided no matter in what The Spirit of God warns shape it comes. those who are continually watchful and prayerful and in that alone can the Latter-da- y Saints trust implicitely. The exhortation of our leaders is and ever has been get the Spirit of God and keep it in your hearts and in your homes, but that cannot be done except by diligence and vigilance. HYRUM SMITH'S BIRTHDAY. The anniversary of the birthday of Hyrum Smith, the martyred Patriarch of the Church, was celebrated with appropriate exercises by the Smith family on 'Monday, , February 9, 1903, at the Bee Hive house. We believe every membei of the Church, will be glad tiat the day was thus observed. Brother Hyrum was greatly beloved by the Saints and his name is held in great reverence and nearly always linked with that of his brother, Joseph; the Prophet and Patriarch are terms of expression familiar to the Saints in all lands. Brothtr Hyium was the father of our present President of the Church, Joseph F. Smith, prophet, seer and revelator, and of the patriarch of the Church, also Patriarch John Smith. It is well for the youth of Israel to know when and where Hyrum was born, and something of the characteristics of the man who for years occupied the important position of patriarch of the Church and was so greatly beloved. Hyrum Smith was born at the b.'ginning of the nineteenth century, February 9, 1800, at Tunbridge, Vermont. His history is so closely interwoven with that of his brother from the time of the Gospel being made known to them, that one could net be written without the other, and their brotherly love was seemingly a part of their daily life. We understand there was sort of an impromptu program, consisting of music, songs, recitations and some brief remarks, and a fine dinner served at five o'clock p. A sort of informal family reunion m. where love abounds and heart responds to heart. SISTER STEVENSON'S BIRTHDAY. Sister Elizabeth J. Stevenson entertained the First Presidency, Patriarch and Apostles, President of the Stake and Bishop of the ward and their wives and Dr. C. F. Wilcox and wife at her cosy home in this city, on Tuesday, February io, 1903. Sister Stevenson's birthday was on Sunday the 8th, and consequently she could not entertain on that day, Monday was the Smith reunion at the Bee Hive, therefore Tuesday was chosen for the entertainment. The lady is an admirable hostess and quite famous for her good dinners and this occasion was no exception to the general rule in this respect, and the guests did ample justice to the feast of good things prepared. Carnations, roses and ferns in midwinter added greatly to the pleasure of the goodly company and Sister Stevenson is to be congratulated on the success of the happy occasion. It is to be regretted that no one of the family or among her friends present were brave enough to announce to the assembled guests that it was in honor of the hostess' birthday, for if so she would have had numerous congratulations, toasts and sentiments, which she might have' added to her treasury of happy remembrances ' for the years to come. Let us hope, however, it is not too hte to wish this dear sister many happy returns of her natal day, and may she always be blessed with the friendship and esteem of as great and good men and women as were assembled under her hospi, table roof on that auspicious, occasion. . 