WOMAN'S EXPONENT 2 VISITING AND HOLDING MEETINGS. The presidency of the Relief Society of the St. George Stake with Miss Eva Cannon of the Y. L. M. I. A. and Brother A. C. Woodbury as driver, left St. George to visit the settlements on the Rio Virgen River, April 20, 1903. We arrived at Leeds at two o'clock and held meeting with the Relief Society, Counselor Angel presiding. Here the condition of the ward seems to be at a standstill. The policy seems to be to discourage wine making, as it is such a menace to the morals of our young people; it is considered best to cultivate raisin grapes. The scil here is well adapted "to the . Malaga grapes, which make fine raisins and would be no injury to the settlement where they are sold. Wherever wine is sold it is a curse, and I don't believe the blessing of: the Lord goes with it. We have been gathered here from the nations of the earth to serve the Lord and rear our children in righteousness, and I consider when we raise anything that demoralizes them, we are not building up the kingdom of God. At the close of the meeting wp went on to Toquerville and held a meeting with the! Relief Society at 6 o'clock p. m. We had a good meeting and were nicely entertained by President R. J. Spilsbury and her counselors. ; On the 2 1st we traveled on to Virgen, where we met with the Primary at ten o'clock a. in., Sister Stratton presiding. We had a nice meeting and had dinner at Sister Stratton's. At two o'clcok we met with the Relief; Society, Sister Sariah Workman presiding. She wished to resign, and was honorably released, having been president for twenty- five years. A vote of thanks was given her for her faithful labors. Sister Mary Hinton was chosen to preside with Mary Beebe and Mary Reeves as counselors. Sisters Woodbury, Morris and Bleak gave the sisters good advice and encouraged them in the good work they were engaged , ; , in. !J- :: h u ' f ..;.;! sisters imparted such instructions as they were moved upon to give and then went on to Springdale, where they met with the Primary at six p. m. We had a houseful of parents as well as children,t - it is a prolific ' country for children. This morning (23) a flood came down this fork of the river, it was quite a ight to see a flood come without a cloud in the sky; the day before had been warm, and I A presume the snow had been melting. the some of of men and boys caught couple wcod as it passed. Here the air is delightful. ;This is as far as the settlements go. There is a stretch of country above called Zion, to which their is no outlet. : It is a romantic place, the scenery is magnificent. They have a wire tramway partly built, they run staves down it to make barrels, and if they ever get a sawmill 011 top of the big tract of country that is covered with timber, they can run the lumber down, and save hundreds of miles of travel. They have cut steps in the hillside where they drive their cattle up. It would astonish you to see them go up. We met with the Relief Society and had a houseful of men, women and children. Bishop Gifford met with us in both our meetings. We have a very good people here, they will not sell their hay, if they have surplus, until their brethren are sure of enough to get their crops in. We partook of President Rusch's hospitality, and at one o'clock p. m. we started for Toquerville where we held Primary meeting at 6 p. m. , President Adelaide Savage presiding. We had a very enjoyable time and met with a nice lot of children here. ? We were entertained by President Spilsbury and her counselor. On the 24th we went on to Leeds and at ten a. m. met with the Primary, Counselor Stirling presiding. The good qualities of the Exponent were spoken of and subscribers sought. ,. President S. Harris entertained us at dinner. " We then went to Harrhburg and held a Primary meeting at three p. m , President Mary Laney presiding. We arrived at St. George at 6:30 o'clock, having been away five days and held twelve meetings. ,, We had an enjoyable time and trust : the people we have met have been stirred up to their duties. A j Sister Woodbury talked on the benefit of the silk industry for the little girls to be taught when they were young and they would grow up with it.' Angus Woodbury bore his testimony to the truth of the Gos, Ann C. Woodbury. pel. Eva Cannon advised the young people to become acquainted with the principles of the Gospel and to live so that their ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION. r example would be worthy of imitation. We went or. to Grafton and held a Relief The sixty-firs- t anniversary of the organand of combined ization the Relief at Society Primary meeting Society was appropri6 p. m., as this is a small settlement. The ately observed by the six branches of the sisters urged the people to consider the reA meeting was Relief Society of Provo. of their as held in the Tabernacle at 2 p. m., at which sponsibility children, directing they Were in their charge, and they would President Mary John presided and the folbe held accountable for them until they lowing program was rendered: were eight years old. We had not come to Singing, ',' Praise to the man," etc. teach them anything they did not know, Prayer by Sister Marilla Daniels. Singing, but to urge them to their duties as mothers "Redeemer of Israel." in Israel. Brother Ballard and others enAn address by President David John. couraged us in the work. We spent the Recitation, "How Leah and I Parted," night with Sister. Ballard and counselor. by Miss Pearl Daniels. As we travel up this river we are amazed "Great Men have Great Mothers," by at the amount of work that has been done Sister Emma Jensen. in dugways and ditches, but the country "' Song by Miss Estella Gray. now is smiling with verdure. '.'Relief Society Work," by Sister Sarah ' ' V The 23rd we went on to Rockville at ten E. Cluff. a. m. and met with the Primary and had An address by Prof. Edwin S. Hinckley. e Sischildren seventy-fivnearly Song by Mr. John Johnson. present. An address by Sister Marilla Daniels. ter Fames presided. The people are trying to do their duty. Singing, "Oh, my Father." BenedicAt two p. m. we met with the Relief tion by Sister Elizabeth Brown. ' Caroline B. Pratt, Sec. Society, Sister Mary Stout presiding. The : , ;' LADIES' MEETING. SEMI-MONTHL- Y Meeting held Saturday, May 9, 1903, in the 14th Ward Hall, Counselor E. J. Stevenson in the chair. Minutes read and approved. Singing. Prayer by Counselor Elizabeth Webb. Sister Stevenson made opening remarks to mothers concerning the sacredness cf the sacrament, exhorting the sisters to teach their children what it meant and the spirit and manner in which to partake of this, the Lord's supper; she also referred to the kind reception of President Jos. F. Smith, while absent on his visit to '.. St. Louis and Kansas City. Congregation joined in singing a hymn. President M. Isabella Home then addressed the sisters in her tender, motherly way. Advised all the wards in the Stake to hold peace meetings on Monday, May 18. She then referred to the time when President Brigham Young organized the Retrenchment Association for the good of the people; alluded to the past years in Zion, how dry and desolate the country was, and how the people were tried with poverty, related how the crickets came down and destroyed the crops, and the sea gulls came in flocks and devoured the crickets; the people were happy, after all, and trusted in the Lord, and they were blest, she often wondered if this people appreciate the blessings we enjoy. Sister Home said she believed the winding up scene to be near at hand, the people are being warned and should prepare for the changes that are to come; She testified that urged all to be faithful. Joseph Smith was a Prophet of God and spoke of the great instructions he had given n ' to the people. Sister Sarah Phelps thought much depended upon the women of Zion, they should not follow the fashions of the world, but take care of their strength and give it to reading the scriptures and note the fulfillment of prophecy. Sister Elizabeth Paul advised the sisters to visit the sick and afflicted, comfort and bless them, in this work she had great joy. Sister Julia C. Howe, said we should set good examples before our children, we should uphold and venerate our leading men and women, advised all to seek wisdom and never speak against the Lord's ' anointed. Sisters Jacobs, Morris, - Reed and Gardner bore faithful testimonies, and gave excellent advice to mothers. ' Sister Morris sang that beautiful hywn, :; ; "O, Jesus the Giver." Sister Henrietta Smith spoke upon the work for the dead in the Temples of the Lord, thought we should go forth in love to do this work. , Meeting adjourned, singing, Doxology. Benediction Sister M. W. Wilcox. ; Amelia Wardrop, Sec. . . , . A brilliant company of men and women distinguished in art, literature and science, with some prominent in society and court circles, lately assembled in St.. Petersburg to celebrate the twenty-fiftanniversary of the day when certain Rus sian women doctors took their degree. Two ministers of the crown waxed especially eloquent on h ; : the significance of the movement of women physicians. One of them ppoke with gratitude of the intellectual and broad-mindeinfluence cf his mother, who so conquered the prejudices of her day as to be appointed inspector of the women medical students. d 