WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 6o Woman's Exponent EM ME LINE B. WELLS. Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, No reduction made for clubs. City papers deliv50 cts ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel s.:ace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as EDITORIAL NOTES. Tne Kansas State Grange have petitioned the Legislature of the State of Kansas to support the bill giving to women the right to vote for the President of the United States in 1904. The Stake secretaries will please remem- ber the annual reports for 1902 from January 1, to December 31, and prepare aud send them in as soon as possible. Missions and branches outside of Stakes and missions will also be expected to make proper re ports. Address Mrs. E. B. Wells; Templeton, Salt Lake City, Utah. We have been requested by the Cor. Sec'y of the National Council of Women of the United States to announce officially of the National Council will be held ir. New inOrleans, Louisana, in March 26 to 29, Salt Lake City. Utah, Januaryi, 1903 clusive, at the St. Charles Hotel. These meetings will follow the Convention of the National American Suffrage Association. "WOMEN IN POLITICS. It would seem there is great activity The women of the State may be justly in our own country in reproud of Mrs. Mary E. Coulter, the manifest at least Women are look-iu- g matters. one woman in the Legislature, for the gard to public Reform in a Civil Service critically into upright course she has taken as an indeown State the our in pendent American citizen. She has been systematic way and measScience Domestic Kindergarten and put on some of the most important comcommittees mittees, and we have every reason to be- ures are being looked after by lieve she will do good work in whatever appointed from all the active women's will make a vigorcapacity she is serving the people. Indeed organizations, and they of these much in interest the ous be will of her activity we hope the results campaign interests. educational needed men the that so beneficial and in the House will bt wilHng to nominate The State Historical Society, composed several women when County Conventions of both men and women, is also beginning are cilled again. How men can be so nar- to feel the need of some assist?nce from the row in politics as not to nominate women State to acquire and preserve valuable relics in a state where it is expected women will historic pioneer mementoes that otherand vote for them, and work for all good 'and wise would be lost to the coming generawholesome measures to it aintain a high which and ceitainly should be a standard of excellence for the community, tions,of the and sociology of the sethistory The women who have part is a conundrum. this Rocky Mounof and tlement growth served in the Legislature heretofore have been is strange there is It tain and desert as wise and as judicious as most, if not all little interest is region. when one conmatter this of the men members at any rate, and there siders what been taken and pains have can be no good reason why they should not and care collect to what means expended receive the courtesy at least of a lair from other countries. Women are for antiquities in the nominations. taxpayers, that is a well known fact, and MRS. RITER'S PARTY. they should be entitled to equal political priviliges. Brother W. W. Riter was agreeably surMrs Percy Widrington recently said in prised on his return home from the Temple one of her speeches on "Indirect Influence," on afternoon, January 15, to find "There is no such thing as keeping women his Thursday home filled with guests, brethren and out of politics if they are determined to go sisters, acquaintances 01 his through many in not even in Turkey. The only quesmost of them, and years, tion is 'Shall their influence be open and long in House of the Lord and in other imthe honorable, direct and for good; or shall it of trust. Mrs. Riter is a positions be indirect, secret, irresponsible at least portant and hostess charming everything down to occasionally bad, and sometimes disgracebeen carefully and detail had minutest the ful ? Shall women come into public affairs arranged. by creeping up the back stairs, or ihall artistically A sumptuous banquet was served and " front door?' they enter by the conversation was general and of an enlivenSpeaking of the War Office in the British ing character. President Joseph F. Smith government she said, "It is here that politi- aud wile, President John R. Winder and cal government is strongest " She quotes wife, also President Anthon H. Lund and an army man who said, "When Lord other Church were present, and dignitaries Kitcbner promotes a man we know it is be- after all had regaled themselves with the cause he deserves it, but when Lord Rob- delicious the tables were removed repast, erts does it, we know it is because Lady and the intellectual feast began. First, Roberts has told him to and he has to." singing of hymns and some old fashioned The President of the United States, His songs, and then Bishop Romney by request Excellency, Theodore Roosevelt, has put taking the initiative, called upon President him?elf on record as an equal Suffragist, Joseph F. Smith for remarks. therefore the women all over the country President Smith responded in the hapare desirous of pushing the Constitutional piest manner, entertaining and instructing amendment asking for universal suffrage, all who were assembled. x Others who answered to the call of Bish- tluring his administration, econd-clas- s matter. far-reachi- pro-poTti- that the next Executive Session op Romney were Hon. James Sharp Elder Hon-W- . John Nicholson and the host himself, W. Riter, and at last Bishop Romney himself was so persistently called for that he rather reluctantly consented. Sister E. B. Wells was also requested to speak a few words, and then President Smith and some others added a few words, principally concerning visits to Nauvno and the condition of things there and in Carthage, the feelings of the people there, and the great changes that had taken place in sentiment and appearances. The evening was delightfully passed aod the spirit of the gathering was of a deeply spiritual nature and tendency, sucti enter tainments are delighttul and inspire love and confidence in the hearts of those who are susceptible of partaking of heavenly influences. The guests are certainly indebted to Mrs. Riter for an enjoyable recie- ation from daily cares. A DELIGHTFUL AFTERNOON On Tuesday, January 20, 1903, Mrs. Elizabeth S Wilcox gave a delightful party to a number of ladies who thoroughly enjoyed the time socially, exchanging ideas, also reminiscence? of the past and renewing friendly acquaintance, as such busy women rarely have such pleasant opportunities to Mrs. Wilcox had arconverse together. ranged tor the finest music, having secured Prot. William Give, the talentei violin genius, and his little son and his daughter Agnes, who are also specially gifted in The selections given by them music. afternoon were indeed a musical the during feast, and Mrs. Maggie C. Hull also sang in her best style and obliging manner some favorite pieces suitable to the occasion. Dainty refreshments were served to the guests on little tables of threes and fives and there were about forty ladies present, including the General officers of the Relief Society and the Salt Lake Stake officers and the entire Relief Society of the Seventeenth Ward, of which Mrs. Wilcox had been secretary when residing there previous to moving into her new home on First St. in the Twentieth Ward. Mrs. Wilcox is a very genial hostess and her home is artistic in its furnishings and appointments and well adapted for receptions or parties of fifty or a hundred people. The Exponent offers its congratulations to Dr. and Mrs. Wilcox, and wishes them many years of happiness and prosperity in their comfortable and pleasant surroundings. IN MEMORIAM. MARY ELLEN AND RUTH REESE KIMBALL. Two pioneer women passed away during the last year at the ripe age of four score, beloved and respected by all who knew them. Both were wives of the late Heber C. Kimball and had lived many years together, and had been baptized into the Church about the same time in the city of Utica, State of New York. Their's was a friendship which extended through long years with its many changes, and the wish had been expressed that one might not long outlive the other, and indeed it proved so, the time only being about one month apart. Sister Mary Ellen Harris Kimball, who died October 28, was born in Charltston, Montgomery Co., New York, October 5, 1 8 1 8, and. had, a good education, an excel-. 