WOMAN'S FAITH. she, like her noble mother, was valiant for tbe truth, possessed of sterling' integrity and steadfastness in the principles of truth and right. But she has gone from this Lord give us faith to trust in Thee, Whatever sorrows may betide; Attune our hearts in unity, That in Thy love we may abide. Strengthen our faith, that we" may live According to Thy sacred word; Thy Holy Spirit freely give We pray Thee, O most gracious Lord. O, may we seek tor light divine To shine upon our onward way;. Make us, O Lord, more truly Thine, Renew our courage da by day. Help us to consecrate to Thee, Our time, our talents, all our wealth; Make of our efforts harmony, And give us joy, and peace and health. However dark the days may be, Though storms are fierce, and rude the blast, O. give Thy Saints the victory, Through faith to overcome at last. A wondrous power the Saints possess, Who seek for wisdom from on high, Proclaiming truth and righteousness. Whatever dangers may be nigh. Lord give us mighty Faith to stand Valiant for Zion, and for Thee, Till Right shall rule in all the land, And Peace abound from sea to sea. Emmeline B. Wells. uly 23, 1903, IN MEMORIAM. CAROLINE YOUNG CANNON. "A mother's love how sweet the name What is a mother's love? A noble, pure and tender flame, Enkindled from above." ! There is no love like the love of a mother, ask the wisest and best of men, or women either; the one memory that lies of all childhood's hours, is the memory of, the , tender, patient, untiring mother. It gives men faith in womankind and trust in all things noble and high. long-suffering- '"Youth fades; love droops; theleavesof friendship A fall, mother's hope and love outlives them all." An ideal mother was Mrs. Cannon, tender and yet not over indulgent, her heart was in her home and she was by birth and circumstance a LatteT-da- y Saint, believing in all the principle?, revealed through Joseph Smith, the. prophet, in these Latter-day- s for the salvation and exaltation of the human family. Mrs. Caroline Young Cannon was the daughter of President Brigham Young and of his wife, Emily D. Partridge Young. The grandparents on the maternal side were among the first who embraced the Gospel in the early days of the Church; her grandfather, Bishop Edward Partridge, was the first Presiding Bishop of the Church of Jesus C'-:of Latter-daSaints. Bishop Par yyas a Massachusetts man, born - - raised in the Berkshire hills; his wife was also of the same good old Puritan stock, and the fact is well known that President Brigham Young's family were also Puritans, his father, John Young, a revolutionary soldier. Caroline Young was the second daughter and third child of Brother Brigham and Sister. Emily Young, and'was born in this city, February 1,1851, inoneof thehumble homes of those early days, on the corner where the Alta Club now stands. Sister Caroline Cannon had the best of 4 st y EXPONENT. sphere ot usefulness; called home when everything seemed hopeful and promising for a future in which she would see her younger children grow to manhood and womanhood under her protecting care and wise guardianship. Sister Cannon was the mother of twelve children and has nine row living, five sons and four daughters, one son and three daughters married, seven grandchildren. Une son and two daughters died in their infancy and no doubt she has joined them ere this, never more to be separated, these, with her husband, father, mother and a host of loved ones gone before, we can and do believe welcomed her on the golden shore where there is life forevermore. A wife and mother has much to do in the care of a home and rearing a family, but there comes in most woman's lives a time when she feels to take hold of some of the duties outside the home, and because of these the home life itself is often broadened and made better. Sister Cannon arrived at tbat period, and though reluctant to come before the public, she was willing to take part in doing, if not in speaking. She was a charter member of the Utah State Society of the Daughters of the Revolution, and enjoyed the meetings very much, she had given one or two very able and instructive papers on patriotic subjects. Her loss will be deeply felt in the ranks of the D. R., as she was counted one who always bore her part in whatever there was to do. In August, 1 901, when the president of the Relief Society of Cannon Ward resigned, having been called to fill a position in the Stake Board, Sister Caroline Y. Cannon was elected president, and has been very successful and efficient in this active, benevolent and charitable work. Sister Cannon has entertained much in her home, especially during the last ten years, and The has been an admirable hostess. Daughters of the Revolution met in her home for their Thanksgiving meeting last November, and she has more than once entertained the Relief Society of the ward and these have been occasions of more than ordinary interest. Sister Cannon was also a charter member of the Daughters of the Pioneers, an organization now in its third year and one that gives promise of being of great historical value to the State of Utah. But we shall see her no more in our gatherings, she has gone from our sight, yet we shall cherish her image in our hearts. "Though lost to sight to memory dear." Of her youthful days much might be said. She was one of the girls in President Young's family that were designated "The Big Ten," at the time when the famous "Lion House" was full of life and cheerfulness and beautiful girls and fine young men, sons and daughters of that renowned man among men, Brigham Young. Sister Caioline Young Cannon departed this life, Thursday, July 2, 1903, at ten minutes to one o'clock p. m. Her death was primarily the result of rheumatism and secondarily of ulceration of the throat which had seriously affected vital parts of her body. Her demise was not unlooked for towards the last of her illness, she bad made a brave ii fight for life, and mighty faith had been exercised in her behalf, but when all failed the dearest of her loved ones, young and tender, tried to be reconciled to the inevitable. "They are gathering homeward from every land. One by one As their weary feet touch the shining One by one, strand, Their brows are enclosed in a golden crown. Their garments are all laid down, travel-staine- d And clothed in white garments they rest on the me d. Where the Lamb doth love His chosen to lead, One by one." The funeral services were held on Sunday, July 5, at her own residence; the sweetest flowers were banked here and there in all available places, and there were many exquisite floral designs, gifts of loving friends and of members of the family. The services were conducted by Bishop Lewis M. Cannon. Vocal music by a male quartette was inspiring and yet sweetly sad. President Joseph F. Smith and his counselors, John R. Winder aud AnthonH. Lund, were present, also Apostle John Henry Smith, Rudger Clawson and President Seymour B. Young, of the Seven Presidents of Seventies, and other Church dignitaries. The remarks of the several speakers were comforting and encouraging to those bowed down with the terrible loss of one so near and dear. The pall bearers were her brothers, sons of President Young, except one, her nephew She was literally Richard W. Young. buried in flowers. giveth His beloved sleep." Dear Carlie, she was greatly beloved by her many friends. She possessed an attractive personality, and drew about her a circle of friends who admired her many sterling qualities of head and heart. But we who realize something about a future state, know, if we are faithful, we shall meet her again in that bemtiful home where sin or death cannot enter. "So He "We, too, shall come to the riverside, One by one, We are nearer its waters each eventide, One by one." E B. W. NOTES AND NEWS. Lady Glentworth is the only centenarian in the British peerage. Her hundredth birthday, celebrated recently, found her in good health and in possession of all her She still manages her own faculties. estate at Marham in Norfolk, every detail coming: under her personal cognizance, and her papers are signed in a firm, clear hand. In a gracefully worded letter of thanks to Andrew Carnegie, Queen Wilhelmina expresses her appreciation of the princely eift for the establishment of a palace and library worthy of the Court of Arbitration. She says: "May the Palace of Peace, which will owe its existence to your munificence, remain throughout time the imposing symbol of the humane endeavor to solve the differences between nations by peaceful means. Your contributing so largely towards the realization of this end is a noble deed, which I and my people appreciate the more highly because an international decree having placed the seat of the Court of Arbitration in this country, the Netherlands considers itself the guardian of the idw of peage which it was the aim of the Hague Conference to see fulJted,"-7&- r, 