WOMAN'S casion, and could not immediately bring herself to the homely tasks of the house; so after leaving the school room, she started out for a walk. The sharp snap of the frost under her feet, and tha crisp air but tended to increase the elation of her spirits as with long steady strides she wandered on, neither noting nor caring whither, when suddenly she realized she had wandered into danger, for not far ahead she saw an Indian crouching along, but between herself and him was a settler's cabin, and she hastily made for the door, where she found the poor frightened woman almost in hysterics as she clung to her little babe. "Why, Aunt Harriet, are you hurt?" she asked. "Oh no, but somewhat frightened, I admit, and a little unstrung in my nerves, now that the danger is over," replied the woman. "Tell me what has happened, and shall I go for help?" said Elizabeth. "No;" Aunt Harriet replied. "When I gave the Indian all the bread I had, he threatened me because he wanted more, and for a moment I felt as though my lait hour and my baby's too had come, then I remembered our great mastif, chained in the other room, and pretending to get him more bread, I went in and loosened the dog and urged him on. Of course I couldn't be cruel enongh to let him quite kill the Indian, but I let the dog stay long enough to inakf him pretty much afraid and quite willing to give in to me too. Then I called the dog off and dressed his wounds and sent him oflf. I think that Indian won't come round here much more." "I should think not," said Elizabeth; "but oh Aunt Harriet! I wish you were not so far away from the rest of us." "I'm not afraid, and when Spring comes you'll all be moving out of the Fort and making homes, and you see we are just a little ahead of you," Aunt Harriet answered. "But what brings you out this afternoon, Elizabeth?" "I have been in the school-rootoday with Mary Dil worth, and the exercises and sweet stories she told the children so impressed me that I thought I would rather walk awhile and think of this holy theme than go back to my cooking, and I only chanced this way by accident; but now, I believe the Lord directed my steps, for surely you need company alter such a fright." Elizabeth immediately began to help her friend with her work and remained until nearly sunset, when Aunt Harriet's oldest son, who had been away for wood came in. He also had seen a few Indians, but said they seemed friendly, and he did not anticipate any trouble from them; but he was more alarmed when he heard of his mother's experience with one of them. Concealing his tear, however, he began to praise his mother for her bravery and quick wit. "Yes," the mother answered, "there was no time to lose, scarcely time to think, and oh! the thought of a death from the Indians! I would a thousand times rather have died on the plains than to be killed by these savages!" "Yes, Indeed," answered Elizabeth, but God is merciful, anc I cannot think this people will ever suffer from the Indians. Of course we have all the time the dread and fear and many perilous incidents like this to alarni and worry us, but we are home at EXPONENT. last, and do you know, Aunt Harriet, I believe we are going to be very happy here." "You talk like a good, brave girl, Elizabeth, and I am sure you are right. We nave much to be thankful for, after all, and the greatest of all is the wonderful ' love of our people for each other. Tell 3'our mother and the rest of the folks down at the Fort I wish them a Merry Christmas." Elizabeth now bade her friends good-byrefusing the company of the young man, for his mother needed him more than ?he around the room in different places, were candles in tin holders, stuck in the wall. The company came to have a good time and be merry; the music was good, and the room was warm and their hearts were warm, so the hours flew swiftly by. George had danced only once with Elizabeth, and that in a Tucker quadrille, so had scarcely had time to speak to her since the night before; but towards midr.ight, he came near and whispered, "Should a waltz be called, Elizabeth, will until others of the family should return, you give it to me? I have to leave shortly and with long rapid steps she turned home- to take the watch at the East gate " ward. Elizabeth was a great favorite, and had The day had been full of interest for her. been danci ng quite gaily all the evening; and her mind was full of rich, bright but at these words from her lover, she stood thoughts, the thought of the wonderful up quickly, and in her usual impulsive bravery and heroism of Aunt Harriet, more manner, said, than surpassed by her tenderness and mercy, "I won't dance again cnly with when she bathed and dressed the wounds you; and if you have to go, I shall go too." of the savage, of her great contentment in ''No," said George, "stay and enjoy her humble, almost destitute surroundings; yourself. I am sure you are having a good and she knew that all around her were time." numbers of just such tru brave, lonely "Yes," she answered, "but you are here, women, enduring, almost with pleasure, even though ou haven't been very attenthe greatest hardships and sacrificing every tive this evening; and when you go, the selfish thought on an altar of faith. Then good time will go too." she thought of Mary Dil worth, and her inGeorge was greatly pleased with the tellect and talents, and wished in her heart girl's frank confession, and as the strains that she but possessed the same, for she felt of a waltz began, the two young people the great good she could do for others, and clasped in each other's arms joined in the how perhaps she might aid her lover too. dance. At this thought, a rush of co'or suffused The rhythmic motion of the body to the Dear her whole being. George, how manly, music of the waltz is poetry to the soul, and and yet h w gentle he is. "I wonder why," all the harsh, hard things of life are forgotshe said aloud, "he should have been seten and only the beautiful remain. There lected for that new mission. It hardly seems are moments when all the senses are awake fair, for as yet he has no means or property in their intensity, and one sees the glorious or prospects. Well, he says if I love him I colors of the rainbow, hears the tender must not complain, for he will ever bring notes of the song birds, scents the delicate his own feelings into submission to the perfume of the flowers and feels the exquisopinions of those above him in authority. ite harmony of life; and to these young The experience of our westward journey people, this was such a moment. They had seldom been alone, but from ought to be sufficient evidence that obedtheir first acquaintance, they bad felt drawn ience is our surest road to success" On reaching home, Elizabeth saw the towards each other, and a mutual confidence young folks already making preparations and affection had arisen in their breasts. for the evening dance. She did not join Tonight, the affection had become deeper, them just then, however, but sought her and both felt to enjoy the happy moments father to inform him of Sister Young's ad- to the utmost; but suddenly the music venture, knowing that though the merri- ceased, then things became real again; and ment might go on, the vigilant watch must once more there mingled with the laughter the thought of fear and the merry-makinstill be kept. and All this day George had been busy help- and danger parting. 'Twas ever o in old time of long ago. Joy and fear, ing his uncle work on their little home, and the old. later engaged in some writing and copying gay delight and sorrow's dread found equal for him, so he had not been aware of Elizplace. The hour had come for George to take abeth's walk or visit to the school. There was always much work to do, and he was the place at the gate, and Elizabeth, true to her woid, went with him. As had been never idle, for when his uncle had no emand a ployment for him, he delighted in study. expected the wind had blown over, was Opportunities were few, and books were gentle snow had set in. The ground very scarce, but George's uncle was a already white with the soft downy flakes, took scholarly man and had succeeded in bring- and the snow was still falling. George immedturned then to her choice Elizabeth few home, some very ing into the desert and rare books, and he was also more than iately towards his own to get warmer clothmidwilling to help his nephew in his search for ing and his gun. His watch began at his to anxious was and he promkeep night, knowledge. The temperature was somewhat lower, ise and not delay the relief of his friend who as the evening advanced, and a slight wind already had to miss the first part of the back and forth, began to blow, which the settlers thought party. As he was walking for of his tonight he happiness, meant snow. There had been no snow in thinking Elizabeth felt joined him, especially happy, the vallev up to that time, and they had manner said, a in shy, though gentle wished all along for a white Christmas, for and Christmas "I brought you, George, your that would seem more natural. The time for the dance arrived, and young and old gift, You know if is already Christmas What morning, and I thought this would help to assembled in the little school-rooa queer sight! Rough board, on which to keep you warm." So saying, she unfolded the long comdance, and tallow candles for the lights. At the end whce the band sat were two lant- forter she had been knitting, and wound it Qnfrnued on page 33, erns and a row Qf b4f a dpzencandles, then e, to-nig- g, 