WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 35 to seek the roots of the tree of knowledge (c) Literature and the Arts comand opportunity whose fruits they now so bined with manual training and domestic science make the useful and refined freely pluck. If the International Council has already life. a vitality which will compel women to come The truest and best education is that which makes the man or woman the together from widely scattered countries at the expense and fatigue incident to journeys most useful. of thousands of miles, merely thattheymay Lecture X. Spiritual Character: confer three or four days in business sessions, we may anticipate that public meet"As it is done in heaven." ings like the Quinquennial of 1904, and the (1) Reverence authority. Obedience International Congress incident to it. will is first the of law heaven and oider is not be lacking in participants, or in auditors. the result of obedience." that May the United States of America, furnish (a) The priesthood the government its full quota of both! of God upon the earth. The increasing growth of the Council "The truth will make you free" (Doc. and may be inferred from the fact that the President was authorized to name Honorary Cov. Lecture 84, verses 21 and 22.) Vice Presidents for Peru, Chili, Mexico, Lecture XI. Matriage: Japan, and Turkey; in each country steps The parents are the high priests having been taken looking toward Council organization. responsible to God for the spirit of their ministry. The home is the sancHoping that the business core of communication will not be lost by its readers in tuary of the human race where each the digressions which have been made, and generation is consecrated for life's work. that soon hoping prompt responses may come from every Council worker who would (1) Teach the sacredness and glory of the Temple marriage compared with have a voice in suggesting names for the the temporal. programs of next summer's meeting, I conclude a communication written for Mrs. Swift (a) Dwell upon the rights of eternal inheritance and warn against the disas well as myself, inheritance of our posterity. (signed) May Wright Sewall, President of the International Council The ties that bind us here of Woman. Are not for life alone, No! hold them ever dear October 20, 1903. In heaven they're closer drawn," MOTHERS' WORK. OUTLINE, SALT LAKE STAKE. Lectue VII. The Gospel the Embodiment of all Good: (1) Truth, Honesty, Obedience, integrity and all the beautiful in life. "Casting down imagination and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God, and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ." II Corinthiaus, chap, x, verse v. Lecture VIII. Social Home Life: Refined entertainment and social instruction in the home is a counter-attractio- n and prepares the young man and woman to meet and judge properly life and influence in the world. ( 1) Mutual participation with parents and children in conversation and amusements. (a) Teach order, thoughtfulness, obedience and politeness in the home, at the table and in conversation. (b) Encourage sports and games outdoors as well as in for physical development and mental recreation. Lectute IX. Education Theoretical and Practical: "The glory of God is intelligence." Education is the greatest factor botn in the business and in the social world. (1) It is a help both to the teacher and the child when parents interest themselves in school life. (a) Study the natural bent of the child's nature and strive to educate to future needs. (b) Avoid a waste of brain tissue, bodily strength, time and means by cramming and training ;u useless lines. Lecture XII- - Patriotism: dents, rulers and magistrates in obeying, honoring and sustaining the law." Every family owes the sacred duty of planting in the minds and hearts of Its growing members, enthusiasm for their country, love for its history and its flag, obedience to its laws and for its institutions. (1) If you wish your sons and daughters to make good citizens instil in their hearts a love and devotion for home and country. The greatest Americans have had patriotic mothers. Annie W. Cannon, rev-eran- Carrie Julia S ce S. Thomas, Woolley, Committee. EREMONT STAKE. The Relief Society conference of Fremont Stake w&s held July 27th, 1903 in Flamm's Hall, Rexburg, Idaho, President Temperance Hinckley presiding. After the usual exercises etc. , the stake officers were sustained. The President called for reports, fifteen branches were satisfactorily reported out of seventeen. Sister Emma S. Woodruff, President of Granite Stake and member of the General Board complimented the sisters on their good reports and stated that she had asked. President Bath-slieb- a W. Smith what she should say to the sisters; she replied. "Tell them to get the spirit of God and keep it." Sister Woodruff urged them to get the young mothers out to attend the lectures and to join the society, have them help sing and lecture they will make your meetings more interesting and beneficial to all. "We will be judged out of the books and if we nave no credit marks it will be a poor cord." Explained the Woman's Building and spoke upon purity and duties of teachers; read minutes of the first organization of the Relief Society and. some minutes of the first meetings; exhorted all to take the Exponent, as it would be a great help. Counselor Annie T. Hyde felt love and sympathy for all women, thought pioneer life had been a good school, like purifying gold; spoke of the progress of the society for the last fifty years and on home influence, developing of mind, teaching children the principles of the Gospel was beautifully portrayed, light and intelligence has flowed from heaven in the heart of woman since this society was organized; spoke upon Temple work and the blessings lost by those who married outside. Apostle M. F. Cowley congratulated the sister? on their labor and spoke of Temple work, the necessity of getting genealogy, told them to work together in harmony, have no envy or jealousy among you, be broad and generous in your views and you will be blest, women have great influence for good or evil, gave much good counsel. Elder J. Golden KimbaJl spoke upon a wife's influence, earnestly advised mothers to teach their children right, referred to the grand work of this society. What it had done in sending out qualified nurses, they are angels of mercy. Said you are casting your bread upon the waters, his sympathy was with the women, they were doing a great missionary work, touched upon faith and industry. President Thomas E. Bassett endorsed all that had been said, and added that he would like every Relief Society in the stake to have a good granary built and ready to put their wheat in this fall; he was thankful for the instructions received. At the afternoon session, Counselor Annie T. Hyde gave a discourse on various duties of the sisters, laying up wheat and the care of it, explained the Woman's Building in detail, also mother's work, how it should be conducted, the love and care of children; advised all to take the Exponent urged the sisters to choose a committee and have a plan of work prepared for the stake and submitted to the General Board for approval. "Live the Gospel and be patient, your reward will be sure". President Emma S. Woodruff spoke upon the power of love, the great things that could be accomplished through it, gave her experience of her own work as a teacher, how she had traveled six and seven miles with her baby in her arms to teach and visit the sisters.spoke with much earnestness on Temple work, advised all to respect the priesthood and to hav e lo ve and charity , with out this they could not be happy, Advised them to hold officers meetings once a mouth. President Temperance Hinckley gave a vote of thanks to the visiting sisters. Counselor Matilda Flamm made a few remarks expressing her joy and good will towards all and desire to press forward in the work. A committee was then elected to prepare a plan of mother's work, Sisters Susan Stevens, Martha Lloyd, Sarah A. Barnes and Carrie Smith. It was stated by the President that a Stake Fair was to be held at the next quarterly conference and it was suggested each member make some article for the Fair to be sold to create a fund for the stake, she said iu closing, "I trust you will all try and put in practice the good and grand instructions we have ha.d today." Con ference adjourned for three months. . " sma A. erW; 