WOMAN'S EXPONENT 92 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City. Utah, THIRTY-ON- E May, 1903 VOLUMES. Our readers are probably aware that the May number of this paper completes the 31st volume of the Woman's Exponent. We hope and trust that the sisters who take it are sufficiently interested to renew subscriptions and also to urge their friends and neighbors who have not taken it in the past, to come forward and subscribe; that the circulation may be increased so that we may be able to publish more numbers during the year. It seems useless to repeat what has been said so often in regard to the teaching and instruction for the sisters contained in the Woman's Exponent and the reasons why it is so essential that it should be patronized. It is true that on almost every subject pertaining to woman's work one may find such items as will be helpful in showing the advancement along particular lines of work, and the organizations in the several Stakes of Zion and in missions are given representation in conferences, meetIt is scarcely ings and public gatherings. to the sisters would possible imagine what have done had we not had this little paper to read and refer to for those important matters that have occurred here and elsewhere. The Exponent sets forth the principles of our faith in ways that make people inquire, and, in fact, we sisters represent ourselves more and better than we could in any other way. Besides it is a record of our work and of the Relief Society as a whole, and its principal leaders and most efficient workers. It gives us points of interest concerning 'other women in our own and other lands, what progress they are making along similar lines, and in various ways is a stimulus and encouragement to all who take it. What the Exponent has done for the women of the Church and of Utah, in the thirty-on- e years in various ways cannot be estimated, and it is ardently hoped that in the coming year there may be such an impetus given financially to the paper, that it may be issued later in magazine form which will commend it more acceptably to the library and the home. IN MEMORIAM. ELIZABETH H. GODDARD. Sister Goddard was born March 17, 181 7, in Leicester, England; her parents were John and Elizabeth Harrison, people of ample means and of good family. She received an excellent education for a young woman of those days. Miss Harrison was married September 10, 1839, to George Goddard in her native city, where they both afterwards were baptized members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. Brother and Sister Goddard left their native land to come to Utah in 1852, and encountered many hardships and difficulties enroute, principally on account of sickness. They had quite a family of young children, George, Joseph, Eliza, Mary, Annie, Betsy, Henry, Cornelius. Annie had died in England, the others were with the parents and another, Edward, was born on the ship and Cornelius was buried at buried at sea. Memphis, Tenn , Betsy at St. Louis and After George and Harriet on the plains. reaching Salt Lake, a son, Alma, born here died when six months old. Another son John Harrison, was drowned in the Jordan river when sixteen years ot age. Sister Goddard had two other sons born in Salt Lake, Hyrum Harrison and Brigham H., both living in Ogden, Utah, also her eldest son, Joseph; her daughter Eliza died a few years ago, leaving a large family. Her daughter Mary resides in St. George, and has for many years past, but was with her mother during her illness and watched with loving and tender care many months while she passed through the severe illness that closed at last in a serene and peaceful sleep. Sister Goddard was the mother of thirteen children and left a numerous posterity of which she may be justly proud, as all have kept the faith for which she endured so much. Of her descendants there are over fifty children, grandchildren and great grandchildren. Of Sister Goddard's life we can say, she was faithful, true, patient and devoted to her husband and children, yet fulfilling many other duties. She was a Saint in the strict sense of the word. A teacher in the Sunday School for more than forty years, also a member of the Old Folks committee from the very first, secretary in the Relief Society in the 13th ward of Salt Lake City from the time of its organization by Bishop Woolley, April 18, 1868, until her failing health compelled her to give it up about three years ago, the record all in her own hand writing is a model of neatness and beautiful penmanship. Here was a character to be admired and emulated, not only by her own family but by all the daughters of Zion. She was most hospitable in her home and fond of enterWe recall many detaining her friends. lightful parties given hy Brother and Sister Goddard in former days, when President Brigham Young and his counselors, Eliza R. Snow and other distinguished men and women were present. The funeral of Sister Goddard was held in the assembly hall of the 13th ward, Tuesday, April 14, and was attended by many of her dear, old friends, Bishop Nelson A. Empey presiding. The speakers were all old time friends of herself and her husband, and all testified to her beautiful and exemplary life. self-sacrificin- g, It is painful to record the death of a dear friend at all times, but when one has lived out the full time and more, one cannot mourn as one does when life is in its mornwith latest breath we say it, goo ing or noonday season. Sister Elizabeth H. "Good-byA legacy of hope,' and faith, and love, Goddard, who departed this life Sunday must come, we cannot long delay it, morning, April 12, 1903, had lived more Parting But one in Him we hope to meet above, than four score years, If God be with us " e, EDITORIAL NOTES. President Roosevelt's visit to Utah is a pleasurable anticipation and great preparations are in progress to welcome the distind guished guest of honor to the is He expected to arCity of the Saints. over only a remain rive May 29, and will The President has consented few hours. to make an address in the big Tabernacle' which will give several thousand people a chance to see and hear this famous orator and president of the great Republic of the United States. The Kensington given on Thursday May 14th by Mrs. John McDonald in her elegant home in this city was a very enjoyThe rooms were handsomely able party. the little tables on which reand decorated freshments were served all had vases of fragrant blossoms for the delight of the guests. A happy afternoon was passed, Brother McDonald and nthers of the family assisting the hostess, who spares no pains to make her friends have a good time and "while away dull care" for a little season at least. On this occasion there was music and songs and games with prizes (for those who would play) and the enthusiasm caused considerable mirth. The McDonald house is large, the rooms spacious and very elec gant, and filled with paintings, is a and handsome furnishings. It favorite house in which many of their dear friends have been in the habit of meeting for years past. It was certainly a very enjoyable gathering and the fifty invited ladies all seemed to enjoy it very much. far-fame- bric-a-bra- GENERAL CONFERENCE RELIEF SOCIETY. ("Continued. ) Afternoon session, W. Smith presiding. President Bathsheba On the stand were President Joseph F. Smith and the General officers, members of the General Board and presidents of Stakes. Meeting opened with singing, "Now let us' rejoice in the day of salvation," Prof. C. J. Thomas leading. PrayeT by Dr. Romania B. Pratt. Choir sang an anthem. ADDRESS OP PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH. My sisters of the Relief Society, it gives me pleasure to have the privilege of meet- ing with you. If I show myself unfamiliar with the details of the conference, you need not be surprised for I have been very busy. Yet at the request of Aunt Bathsheba, I have broken loose from the duties that flood us just at conference time to speak to you; but I shall have to tear myself away soon to go on with those duties. I am informed that this audience is composed mostly of officers of the Relief Society. I believe you, therefore, to be a body of very influential women; women upon whom great responsibilities devolve. I esteem this society, organized as it was by the Prophet Joseph Smith, one of the most important auxiliary organizations of the Church. There are matters of vital moment that come before you as mothers and daughters. Your wisdom and your influence for good should extend through the nation and from continent to continent. And your power in the organizations which you control mubt extend through the Church, therefore your well directed efforts must affect the people of God through the earth. Not the least of your duties is your charity to the podr, the sick, the. afflicted and the fatherless. AH 