WOMAN'S 44 Woman s Exponent EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, i.oo; one copy six months, deliv50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers ered by mail, extra for postage one year, 2s cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel A liberal disspace one time $2.50; per month, JS3.00. advertisers. to count regular Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City. Utah Entered at the Post s matter. Office in Salt Lake Ctiy, I tah, as Second-clas- Salt Lake City, Utah, Novemebr, 1903 SERVICE FOR OTHERS. "Build ye more stately mansions, O, my soul." On one occasion, in a General Conference of the Relief Society, some years ago, Sis- ter Sarah J. Cannon made the remark that the Prophet Joseph Smith, in organizing the Relief Society, , 'builded better than he knew." Possibly, this is a truth. At any rate, we who have been working for forty years and more, along the lines he marked out, realize how much the active benevolent work, in this same society, ordinary and as it may seem to the uncommon-plac- e initiated, has done towards a practical education- in the best qualities of the human character. We all know, if we would stop to think of it, that activity along any line of thought or emotion; keeps alive the particular attribute, or sentiment, and, if it be noble, helps to make life more happy and enjoyable, as well as to develop those hidden springs of thought, that we term understanding. We may learn a great deal by study, but, if we never apply the knowledge we gain, it will fail us; it will vanish away, or stagnate; and, of what use are all our efforts to have gained by study, if there is no opportunity to make greater progress by application. The Relief Society work is a grand one, organized at an early date, almost before woman had begun the active life outside the home, that is flourishing so widely now; and the Sisters in this Society were getting an experience in charitable and philanthropic endeavors; and developing great mentality and spirituality when like soci-itiwere unknown; except such small affairs as sewing circles in the church vestry, to make clothing for the heathen. We who live today, have fallen upon better times. Light has come into the world, and the rapid growth of the higher and nobler faculties of mankind, is little less than marvelous. What is termed higher education today, does not consist alone in dead languages, occult sciences, that require a life time to comprehend, and that often result in what the Scripture speaks of as "Ever learning and never able to come to a knowledge of truth," but, we have applied methods along all lines of development, from the kindergarten upward and onward. The past two years, we might say, there, has been a greater effort made than ever before, to persuade our young women to come into the Relief Society work, for their es now-a-day- s, J I EXPONENT own benefit; and, as one inducement towards it, lectures are to be given in every branch of the society, once a month, on the training of children, or, what we have termed, mother's work. It was thought that this was a subject in which every young woman would be interested, as, naturally, it is the expectation that young women will marry and become mothers; and great pains havs been taken in many of the stakes of Zion, to prepare outlines for these lectures, and to make them valuable life lessons. It is ardently hoped by those who are striving to excel in good works, and to help others to do so, that through this the Relief Society will increase its membership and gain greater influence and popularity among the younger members of the Church, for the work assuredly develops the heart and soul. Christ himself, the Bible tells us, went about, doing good, administering comfort and consolation, alleviating the sorrows of humanity; He is our pattern, and we should devote and consecrate some of our precious time to helping others; the needo, the sick, the unfortunate. These duties strengthen our own best characteristics, and, as we come to know people in all conditions, we beget love in our own souls. We never do a kind deed, with a pure motive, without a corresponding good to ourselves. We may not be aware of it, at the time, nevertheless it is true; the service we give to our neighbors, to help them along life's rough places, or , lead them back, when they have strayed from the right path, is helping us to reach that higher plane, to "love our neighbor as ourself," and to apply the golden rule. This active assistance of the poor and the sick, belongs to the duties of every woman of means, and, in an organized capacity, much more can be accomplished, than by individual doing or giving. Besides, women thus associated, lift and develop each other, by mutual attraction, and, by the exercise of that spirit, which actuates them in doing good. They grow in excellence in the better life; they live in the expression of higher thought, and noblei aims. Our older sisters see so much to be done, that they feel the younger women must come and learn of those things, by practical experience; they feel it deep down in their souls, for they appreciate what it has been to them. Faith as a principle, frith in God, faith in the Gospel, is increased and cultivated by labors of love, and works of benevolence. Genuine sympathy for the weak and erring, tends of itself to uplift and strengthen character, and, withal, to make the world better, by ministering in kindly deeds to those around us, in temporal as well as spiritual things. Guided and aided by the Holy Spirit, which prompts those who live right, and listen to the still small voice within, one can do much that seems impossible without its support. Constant prayer, the prayer of the heart, is ever and always uplifting. In a society, such as ours, we stimulate each other; we learn to express our views and opinions, and, our sentiments, on all subjects that come before us, and we grow into favor with each other, and, into oneness. Our Savior said: "unless ye are one ye. are not mine." We can never b one by keeping apart. It is by coming together under the influence of the Holy Spirit, that we will learn the best lessons of our lives. If the young women of today, desire to build up strong characters for themselves-antheir posterity; to improve the human family, by actual development of both brain and muscle, then they must take hold of the sober realities of life. "We are builders, and each one should cut and crve as best he can." Every member of the Relief Society opportunity to aid in the great work in which we are engaged, and tht best religion is in doing; in true service. Success-manot make much show, but, as truly as we serve the Lord faithfully, we shall, reach a higher standard, and, if one give loving service to those in need, we shall be following in the Savior's footsteps Think of His ministry, and, how little was then seen of its results; but how they were, though unseen, then. We cannot all do great things, but let us be content in the sphere- we occupy, and be grateful for the blessings vouchsafed to us In the days of prosperity, such as this people, now enjoy, there should be great advancement made, and the work of woman In building character, one needs to have the greatest activity, the utmost devotion, constant watchfulness, exercising mental and spiritual power, but, above all else, faith, for without it, one can do nothing acceptably. Paul, in his epistle to the Romans, gives-mantexts applicable in the sisters work in the Relief Society. "He that giveth let him do it with simplicity;" again, "Distributing to the necessity of saints; give n to hospitality." "Be of the same mind one toward another. Be kindly affectioned one to another, in honor professing one far-reachin- g - y another," " ERRATTA. In the September issue of this paper, in a copy of the letter which was sent with the fac simile of the Declaration of Inde- pendence, to the schools and universities, the word "heritage" was changed to "history," which entirely destroyed the sense of the idea the writer wished to convey. NOTICE TO SECRETARIES. Stake and mission secretaries in the Re lief Society will please remember that the year 1902 is drawing near its close, and make ready to report the years' work from January 1, 1903, to December 31, 1903, so that the General Secretary may be able to make a complete report of all the stakes of Zion and all the missions. The foreign missions are requested to make correct reports of every branch society within the mission, Scandinavia, via Germany, Switzerland, Holland, Great Britain and Ireland, New Zealand, Tasmania. Australia, Sandwich Islands and far-ofSamoa. Address Mrs. E. B. Wells, Templeton Building, Salt Lake City. f HISTORY OF THE RELIEE SOCIETY. MRS. EMMELINE B. WELLS. (.Continued,) In the last chapter we gave items of the Relief Society in Huntville at an early date in these valleys of the mountains. Here is a sketch of East Bountiful, organization in brief, presented by the secretary, Phebe C. 