WOMAN'S EXPONENT 14 mentally and physically prepared for this holy mission of parentage. Put on the whole armor of righteousthat we may be able to stand against the wiles of the adversary, for we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against the powers of the Sentiment: ness, darkness of the world. Eph. vi: Lecture II. n. Motherhood: Must be studied from the highest standards for the development of her offspring, that she may impart to it the grandest character possible. Sentiment: The rules the world. Lecture III hand that rocks the cradle The Baby: What shall we do to have our babies happy and develop with good healthy, habits ? Example is better than precept. Home: Sentiment: Lecture 4. The child's heaven if made so by the parents bright and loving influence. Teach and practice cleanlinessk order, and a proper regard for the rights of children. Sentiment: Honor thy father and mother which is the first commandment with promise. Lecture V. Obedience is Heaven's First Law: Let this be the keynote, and loye the power to bring into the lives of our family a reverence for parents Priesthood, and sacred things. Sentiment: A sound mind in a sound body. Lecture VI. Hygiene in the Home: Diet, dress, exercise and cleanliness. Lectio e VII. Wot d of Wisdom: Its influence on parents and children. Sentiment: clines. Lecture As the twig is bent, so the tree VIII The Transition of Nature: The bud must bloom Lecture IX. Girls: in- maidenhood. Healthful Dress for Young Fashions, how far to follow them. Spiritual, physical and mental development. Lecture X. Value of Moments: How to use them. Lecture XI. The Necessity Proper Literature: of Reading Also of studying and understanding the Gospel plan. Lecture XII. Review of Subjects: The influence and blessing of a good wife and mother. Mary L. Woolf, RhodaC. Hinman, Jane Hinman, Lydia Brown, Elizabeth Hammer, Sarah B. Daines, Committee. Zina Y. Card, Chairman. MORGAN STAKE. First Lecture: "God help us parents all to live aright, And mav'our homes all love and truth unfold, Since life for us no loftier aim can hold Thai? leading little children to tfce light," What kind of women should we be as mothers in Israel (a) Strong physically and mentally. (b) Example better- - than precept. ? Lydia Rich, president, Martha Tonks, Mary J. Welch, Counselors. Sarah J. Francis, chairman of Why? (c) Deportment to husband and children. Women must honor and obey their husbands, as the husbands' do their God and the Priesthood. Thus we teach by example the first law of heaven obedience. Second Lecture: A perfect woman nobly planned, To Warn, to comfort and command. Home environments, and its influences. Spiritual environment. (a) Each day should properly begin with prayer; peace, love and contentment come from within. (b) Temporal environments. Influence of order in the home. Cleanliness. of means. time and (c) Economy "Count that day lost whose low descending sun, Views from thy hand no worthy action done." jthird Lecture: The preparation and responsibility of motherhood. (a) The thoughts of the mother, her faith and daily life. (b) The wrardrobe, the room and care lor the infant. (c) The little one, its growth physically, spiritually and intellectually. As the twig is bent, the tree's inclined. Of all earth's affections, pure undefiled, Is the love and devotion of an innocent child. BENSON STAKE. Divinity of Womans Mission(a) First command given to Adam and Eve Gen i: 28. (b) Woman as a helpmate Gen. ii: 28; Juvenile Instructor, Vol. 38, No. Lecture I. - 12. (c) Woman divinely chosen to be a I Nephi ii: mother Gen. xvii: 1421. (d) Mission of woman further explained: 1. Joseph Smith's instructions at the organization of the Relief Soeiety. 2. Address to the Relief Society, April 3, 1903, by President Jos. F. Smith Woman's Exponent, Vol. 15-2- 3l- 0; 2.V34 - God bless woman, for to her has been given, To people the earth with the roses of heaven Lecture II. Home: (a) What constitutes a home. As a pattern, Doc and Cov. Sec. 109: 8, 9. (b) An ideal home. "Mid pleasures and palaces though we may roam, there's no place like home; A charm from the sky seems to hallow us there, Which seek through the world, is ne'er met with Be it ever so humble, elsewhere." III. Lecture Arrangement of the Home: Fourth Lecture: Young Womans'' Journal Vol. 13, Nos. 1, 2, 10, 11, 12. The rights of the child in the home. The child a sacred trust or gift from God. (b) Economy strength Young (a) Comfort: of money, Woman' 's Vol 13. (c) Convenience time, Journal, (a) Exchange of confidence between mother and child. (b) Pay strict attention to proper questions and give suitable answers. Due respect for the child's feelings. Young Woman's No. Vol. Journal 13, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7. (d) Play room Young Woman's Journal Vol. 13, No. 12. "Too much indulgence has spoiled many a child, too much love not one." The best conditions for securing an artistic home are the combination of taste, good judgment, with industry and little money. Fifth Lecture: Lecture IV. Habits in the Home: Child's duty at home and abroad. Good. (a) Why do children lie, steal, profane (a) the name of Deity and use slang ? (a) Regularity or. meals. (b) Methods of counteracting these (b) Regularity of rising and retirevils. ing, Doc. and Cov. (c) Late hours, its effects. Evils of (c) Order and neatness. children on the streets or away from (d) Word of Wisdom. home at night. Respect for public (e) Proper language. property. Compare the cultivation of (f) Courting: true, false, childhood to the cultivation of flow(g) Unselfishness. ers; the neglect to the neglected (b) Bad. flower bed. Form only good habits, that ye may have none to reform.. Sixth Lecture: Boyhood and maidenhood. (a) Special care now required in regard to dress and health. (b) Give special religious training in order that they may honor the Priest- Lecture V: (a) Respect to husbands 22-2- Eph. v: 5. (b) Respect to parents mandment. 5th com- hood (c) Assist them in selecting proper As the wife respects the husband, so the child companions and books. respects the father. (d) Courting and marriage in the As Christ is the head of the Church, so man is Church so as not to be deprived of the head of the woman. the blessings of the Gospel. VI. Religious Devotion in the Home: of The path duty is the path of safety. Sarah L- - Eddington, Annie Clark, Lavr nia Stewart, Committee, (a) Time and place. (b) Method of adopting. (c) Need of inspiration, ' 