EXPONENT WOMAN'S 6 merriment at a high pitch throughout the evening. More than a hundred pen women and their guests pai ticipated in the feast of food and fun. The speech making was confined entirely to the feminine sex, the or eight men present being silent! sevf-spectators ot trie proceedings. Among tne guebts were many ladies well known throughout the country for their achievements in the realm of art and letters, each of whom contributed a speech, a poem or a toast to the characteristic program. Preceding the banquet the guests were received in the red parlors by Mis. Mary S. Lockwood and Mrs. 'Ellen S. Cromwell, and a sucial hour was spent in the exchange of greetings "The supper table was in the form of a horseshoe, and within the curve were numerous' palms and tropical plants, while the tables were decorated in pink peonies, roses Mrs. Mary S. Lockwood, and carnations. president of the International Press Union, occupied a seat in the center of the outer curve and presided over the proceedings of the evening. "The address of welcome was made by Mrs. Iyockwood,. who refered to the significance of .the occasion, and told several amusing stories relating to unnamed members of the organization. Her welcome was responded to in seven different languages by Miss Frances Graham French, president of the Woman's National Press Association,' who spoke for each of the nations in which the International Press Union has affiliations. Mrs Hannah B. Sperry, president of the District Federation of Woman's Clubs, spoke for the absent members of the union." The business meeting was held on the following day and Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells has been officially notified by letter from the secretary of the International Press Union, Mrs. Mary M. North, of her unanimous re election one of the for the ensuing term or two years. Mrs. Wells was elected one of the at the annual meeting held in Washington in 90 1, at the Riggs House, where she was present and also Mrs. Susa Young Gates. It is a noticable feature of the Union, and in f?ct its main object is to become acquainted, by correspondence and otherwise, n of other countries, authors, with The letters from foreign lands poets, etc. are always au interesting part of the program of the meetings.- ' n ; . vice-presiden- ts vice-presiden- ts kindly deeds and loving words inspired many a fainting heart with faith and courage and ministered temporal and spiritual blessings to hundreds of the daughters of Zion, whose paths were not strewn with roses, but were full of thorns and fiery trials and needed their encouragement. Early in the settlement of the valley in 1851 and in 1852 the sisters had temporary organizations of the Relief Society in several wards and surrounding places, and although all the Saints were comparativeiy poor, yet they helped those in greater need and fed and clothed the wandering Indians Saints have ever thus whom the Latter-da- y The to conciliate. writer very well tried a Relief remembers Society of this temporary kind in the 12th and 13th wards of the city, where she had the opportunity of attending working meetings for sewing, quilting, etc., when a very young woman with two babies. We have several articles left over for the In 1855, when in a more settled condiJuly number that will be of interest to our tion, President Young called upon the Bishreaders. The Relief Society Reunion of ops to organize a Relief Society in each ward Jordan Stake, which was a most enjoyable and gave Sister Eliza R. Snow a mission to assist them in organizing, and to take with gathering, including the banquet and indeed all the exercises, one essay will be her Sister Zina D. Young as her counselor. published in full. The Old Ladies' Party, Of some of these branches, as far as we given by Mrs. Frank J. Cannon, of Ogden, know, there is no record, but Bishop Abrathe annual meeting of the Daughters of the ham Hoagland, of the 14th ward in this Revolution, and the meeting of the Daugh city, organized a Relief Society, September ters of the Pioneers at the Bee Hive in May 17, 1856, and appointed Sister Phebe W. and June 24. We also have for publicaWoodruff president, and she chose lor her tion minutes of Relief Society confercounselors Sister Mary Isabella Home and ences from one or two Stakes in Zion and Lucinda Southworth, Kezia D. Pratt secreplan of lectures from Alberta Stake for tary and Agnes Hoagland treasurer. There mothers' work, Brigham Young's birthday were also committees appointed at the time. celebration, Mrs. Jennings Temple sisters' Visiting committee: Leonora Taylor, Grace party, the graduating exercises and recep Richardson, Ellen Parker, Rhoda H. Rich-aidtion of the nurses' class under Dr. MargarElizebeth Pixton, Matilda Wards-worth- , et C. Roberts and Emma Empey. Nancy A. Stevenson, Lucinda Southworth, Agnes Hoagland. Appraising committee were the president HISTORY OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. and her counselors Superintendents ot work committee: EMMELINE B. WELLS. Lucy L. Van Cott, Sarah B. Farr, Agnes Hoagland. (Continued.) There were enrolled 108 members includWhen the Latter-daSaints were obliged ing the officers, all of whose names are in to leave the City of Nauvoo and journey the possession of the writer. They formu Westward to an unknown land, the society lated the following could not operate as an organized body and 1. The name of the society shall be the the meetings were necessarily discontinued, Foutteenth Ward, (Female now obsolete) though the sisters continued their benevoRelief Society. lent work whenever and wherever an op2. It shall be controled by a president, portunity presented itself, and many were in need of kindly acts and works of charity two counselors, a secretary and treasurer and sympathy, for those were the days of chosen by the members who shall choose such officers as may be deemed necessary. toil and suffering, of scarcity and hardship. 3. The object shall be the relief of the There were few gifts to bestow, but many destitute lessons of patience and resignation to be unemployed and all whom it may have power to relieve or do good unto in learned in the school of experience. Early in the settlement of these valleys unison with the counsel of the Church of Saints. in the Rocky Mountain region, organizations Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y were formed, a natural outgrowth or con4. Those wishing to become members tinuation of the parent organization in Naumay be admitted on the recommend of any for same the and sentiment voo, still member by a vote of any meeting regularly spirit existed and was soon brought into active called. exercise. During all this time the sisters 5. Members will be expelled from the never lost sight of this institution as it had society for non Christian like conduct, by a been established, nor the promises made to majority ot votes of any regularly organized them of its future greatness, by the Prophmeeting. 6. These s et Joseph Smith may be increased, Among the foremost heroines of that amended, annulled or added to at any time eventful time should be indelibly engraven considered necessary by a majority of the on the minds of the women of today and members. coming time, the names of Sisters Vilate FIRST REPORT. Kimball, Mary Ann Young, Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Mary Fielding Smith, Diantha Organized 17th day of September, 1856. Billings and others now passed away. Commenced and carried on our operations These noble mothers in Israel with in a time of scarcity and under trying cir- - The mothers' work is beginning to be a delight and pleasure in the several Stakes and wards where it has been properly understood. Women of intelligence and ability have been invited to give the lecture, and others to assist in discussing, commenting, or explaining so that more benefit may be derived from the information contained than would be if not In some places the discussed afterwards. out in parts to the lecture president gives more than oue sister, for instance the subject is given to the principal person to prepare a lecture, (a) to another sister (b) This is all left to another (c) to another. to the discretion of the president of the society who is expected to take entire It is well to have charge of the meeting. the lecture advertised well through the ward beforehand and all the women in the ward young and aged invited. 1 pen-wome- . EDITORIAL NOTES. There are fifty Stakes to be visited annu- ally by officers of the Relief Society or misSo far in sionaries officially appointed. the conferences this year that have been are Granite visited Stake, Uintah, Nebo, Box Elder, San Luis, Emery Oneida, Salt Lake, Pocatello, Malad, Sevier, North Sanpete, South Sanpete, Cassia, and Benson. Pan-guitc- h, The sisters who have visited are President B. W. Smith, Counselors Annie Taylor Hyde, Ida Smoot Dusenberry; Elizabeth J. Stevensou, Susan Grant, Clarissa S. Williams, Carrie S. Thomas, Rebecca E. Little, Elizabeth S. Wilcox, Mary T. Smith, Alice S. M. Home, Phebe Y. Beatie, Margaret A. Caine, Ellis R. Shipp, L. L. Greene Richards, Lydia D. Alder. Only sixteen Stakes so far and leaves thirty-fou- r more to be visited during the remaining four months of the season. s. y by-law- by-law- s: 