Woman's Exponent. The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the Slate and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER, Vol. 32 CONTENTS. news concerning the progress of the Council movement. International Council of Women 33 In writing upon this subject, I always Mothers' Work 35, 39 feel like "harking back" to the significance General Relief Society Conference 37 of the phrase "Council Movement." What In Memoriam 40 does it mean? It means the movement Biography and Resolution 40 whose object is to draw together people Editorial Instruction to Missionaries 36 who are to a degree unlike; who have hithWoman's Council 36 erto thought themselves too unlike to unite Honor to Apostle Heber J. Grant 36 in any common work: to bring such 37 Meeting of the D. R people together with the conscious and A Pleasant Afternoon 37 avowed intention of finding some common U. W. P. C. Meeting 37 work in doing which they can unite. I need hardly remind American women Poetry I Have Seen All The Way 33 that this movement originated in Washington in 1888 with a convention International I HAVE SEEN ALL THE WAY. in character, called to celebrate the fortieth Edith, fair and beloved, all night lay in the anniversary of the movement on behalf of slumber of death. "She will regain consciousthe political enfranchisement of American ness no more," a sage one said. But the mother Women. This is only fifteen years ago, and surely, the results, of the effort then wails that she had not bade her good bye, and with the untold strength of her love, called her back. inaugurated to make the influence of that "O mother, I've seen the way," she said, and organization felt beyond the limits which afterwords of undying love, 'I am not afraid, for had hitherto bound it, are far from being I've seen all the way;" the beautiful eyes closed discouraging. Further recapitulation here is unnecessary suffice it that the Council on the world. movement in its International application Oh, I have seen all, all the way. has reached a state where it is necessary in I walked, my hand clasped in the angel's own, order to carry on its work to hold annually O'er purple hills and winding pathways lone, a meeting of its Executive Committee. Such To love's abode eternal day. I grew not a meeting was held in Dresden in August weary, tarried not for long Anon there floated far away a song of this year. Birds chanted sweet a roundelay. During my own administration, Executives have been held previously in 1900 in O, I have seen all, all the Hray! Paris; 1901 at the Hague; 1902 in CopenThe city's mansions by the shining sea, That warm waves gently kiss in laughing glee, hagen. The one at Dresden in 1903 was convened with a view to its occupying the They frolic, sporting there in play. Paradasaic joys my soul hath known, 17th, 18th, and 19th of August. As a Seraphic music sung in angel tone, matter of fact, it ran over into the 20th, and Where fountains toss so high their spray. made that day as busy and as long as any of its predecessors. one It was not unO, I have seen all, all the way. M Dresden should the Executive that natural I voice y mother, oh, heard thy gentle Soft calling me, I could not then rejoice have been better attended than any of the Though all around the glory lay. preceding annual Executives of the CounTo come to thee, it cost me, O, such pain, cil, for we were within a year of the meetI longed to see thy blessed face again. Alone I walked back all the way. ing of the Quinquennial which back in 1899 was set for Berlin, and then seemed a O, I have seen all, all the way long way off. Again, O love, I feel thy kisses sweet, When the International Council adIn rapture, too, again thy sad eyes meet, Farewell, I hasten now away. journed in London in 1899, it was comI feel no fear of darkness none is near, posed of ten National Councils, three of Alone I go, O dearest, shed no tear, these having been voted in that same year. I know, I know e'en all the way. It now include! nineteen National Councils two having been voted in at Dresden. At O, I have seen all, all the way I tremble not, alone fear not to go; Dresden, all of the general officers exceptMy throbbing heart is wildly beating so ing only the Recording Secretary, Mille. It seems the chords must tear away. Vidart of Switerland, were present; Camille The myst'ries hid of life and death I've seen, and all but two of the Councils were repreInvisible the bonnd'ry worlds between sented either by their own president, Dividing thus the night from day. or a bona fide proxy. The O, some time thou' It see all the way sessions, though devoted strictly to busiThe landscape fair down by the silver sea, ness tfnd requiring a great deal of hard The home where ransomed ones fore'er will be, With God to dwell alway, alway. work were very interesting, and some important decisions were arrived at in which Lydia D. Alder. all Council women will be interested. The most important were in relation to the Quinquennial at Berlin, and to summarize INTERNATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN. these as briefly as possible, it may be stated: That the Quinquennial proper of To the Readers of the Women Exponent. the International Council will occupy the Among those whom this address describes week beginning June 6th. The Executive are many of our Council workers, and it, will be convened on Tuesday morning therefore, seems proper to send to such June the 7th. Besides the Executive sesthrough the columns of this paper, some sions, which will run through the week " ! ! vice-preside- ! 1903 3. No. 5 probably occupying all of the mornings, the Council will hold three public meetings on the evenings of June nth, 12th, and 13th. The International Council will be convened according to the laws and customs of Germany under the auspices of the National Council of Germany whose President will give the address of welcome. This will be responded to by the president of the International Council, who will then take charge of the meeting, and present the President of each National Council, or her proxy, together with the general officers of the International, and the honorary who are beginning the organization of the National Councils, in countries where such are not yet formed. The theme of this meeting will be what the President of the International Council sometime since named "The New Internationalism," and its object will be both demonstration and propaganda. The second evening will be a continuance of the discussion of Internationalism, the subject being illuminated by reports from every National Councils one of the twenty-tw- o that it is believed will at the time, compose the International. The theme on the third evening will be Peace and Arbitration which will be discussed in three formal addresses; one in English which Lady Aberdeen has been invited to give, the second in German by Baroness Von Suttner, and the third in French is to be given by some member of the French Council elected by that Council to perform this noble task. The International Congress, all preparations for which will be made by the National Council of Women of Germany will be opened on Monday June 13th, and will occupy the week adjourning on Saturday the 18th. The committee of Arrangements for tbe International Congress is composed of the officers of the National Council of Germany together with the associates that have been elected for the purpose. The Congress will be conducted in four sections running simultaneously, so far as day sessions are concerned during the week. The sections will be convened under the following titles: and Higher (1) Women's Education Culture (under general charge of Fraulein Lange, and Fraulein Baumer). (2) Women in Social Aims and Institution (founded either for or by women for the improvement of social conditions). This section will discuss such questions as Temperance, Social Purity, etc. , and is under the general charge of Frau Edinger. (3) Women's Professions and Industries (under general charge of Fraulein Alice Saloman). (4) The Legal and Political Position of Women (under the general charge of Freien Von Beschwitz.) Baroness Von Beschwitz is the chairman of the standing committee of the International Council on Laws concerning Domestic Relations. She has had great diffii-cultas every one must have who undertakes International work in organizing a committee which shall include an active vice-presiden- ts y, 