WOMAN'S LOVING THOUGHTS. EXPONENT MOTHERS' WORK. patient ambition to step into an exalted position, made so by the and untiring devotion of a woman to the cause of humanity. The excuse is that she is too old, not that she is too in self-sacrifi- TO BATHSHEBA W. SMITH ON HER EIGHTY-FIRS- Lesson I. BIRTHDAY. lady, stately, fa r, With snows of time upon thy hair. And patience written on thy face, That adds a charm, a pleasing grace, Around thy life dear mera'ries cling. Though oft a pang, or tears they bring. The years with all their pain and loss, Their diverse ways or heavy cross, Have lain but lightly on thy heart A crowning sweetness they impart. All honor to his blessed name And thou didst hear a prophet's voice, It touched thy heait, thou didst rejoice With Saints. thou dwelt in loved Nauvoo, To them and prophet ever true. ... FAREWELL, FAREWELL NAUVOO ! The Temple City now is left, And wandr'ers of their homes bereft, Turn westward in the hope to find. The place that Joseph had in mind O, blessed home, these mountain vales, Where mem'ry oft repeats the tales Of anguish, sorrow, long since past, Of friendships true until the last. Sad reminiscences oft told. The scenes portray their truths unfold. iv.''"' NAUVOO 'AND God-giv'- . V. IN THE HOLIEST VLACE OF ALL, A Priestess in the Temple grand. Where kinsmen meet, for kindred stand; ' Tis there a halo rests on thee That brings such sweet tranquility O, thou art blessed, beloved one, Those faithful workers there among The throngs arrayed in raiment fair, Are Zion's Saints; the Temple's pray'r Wafts ever, ever on and on. Till they're redeemed, that e'er will come. And as thv days so tranquil are, Like music floating from afar, So may they be till open wide The gates shall be and then beside, A great High Priest, thou art his bride Thou' It enter there, e'en side by side. Hand clasped in hand. O, glorious scene, When clothed in robes of glist'ning sheen, The Saints all meet, rejoicing then ! They wear the victor's diadem Forgotten all earth's troubled dreams, No more to cross its wild ravines The jov, the bliss of worlds unknown. Are their's who bow before the throne. Lydia D. Alder. May, 1903. (d) Pleasure in moderation necessary to health and happiness. (e) Evil effects of fashionable dress' III. of Spirits: Pte-existcn- (a) Read and dwell on the beauties of the hymn "O my Father, Thou that dwellest." (b) Refer to Job, 12th and 38th chapters; Heb. 12: 9; Rev. 12: Eccl. 12: 7; also to the Compendium, page 179; Doc. and Cov. sec. 93. 2; Lesson IV. Pre-nat- Culture: al (a) An important subject. Why? (b) Effect of influences upon the un- born child. (c) Mothers should know themselves and be wise in all things diet, bathing, clothing, exercise and sleep. (d) The right to be well born. (e) A God-likprivilege. V. Lesson Infants and How to Care for e , Them: NOW, Relief Society is named That now in all the world is famed And Bathsheba, thy name is there. But thou'rt alone, the rest O, where ? Then eighteen did the prophet call, To organize for women all. Alone thy testimony stands, The rest crossed o'er the golden sands With Joseph are united now, Crowns of the righteous on each brow, Among: all women thou art great, Though left on earth so desclate. Elect a lady Zion's Queen, Upon tty brow, there rests serene, A diadem of priceless worth, A treasure n to the earth, 'Tls love; and love of daughters fair, Is thine, and they thy burdens share. '" (a) Life without health a burden. (b) Health essential. (c) Means to promote health. Lesson In time of youth a prophet came " daughters ' marry (b) At what age shall they marry ? (c) Marriage and its advantages. (d) The law of choice. Lesson If 7 he Young Wife: (f) A wife's work. REMINISCENT, I. firm or in any sense unequal to the duties of the position she holds; not that she is not honest; not that she does not know more about the work than any other person in the Union; not that she has not rendered a faithful accounting; not that she is lacking in experience, beginning tne work as she did in her teens; but some one has decided that she is too old to continue at the head of a great organization, notwithstanding the fact that she was its founder and has made it what it is today in this She has made an immortal name in the country. service of her country and humanity, and must give some one else a chance. The methods must all be changed. A vigorous person of uncertain age must supplant Clara Barton as president of the Red Cross, a position she has filled for twenty years without fee or reward, personally directing the work on the field in more than twenty fields of disaster, including those at Mount Vernon, Illinois, in Kansas, in the Johnston and Mississippi River Floods, at Charleston in the Armenian and Russian famines, in Cuba, at Galveston, and in other fields. She exhibited almost superhuman ability, will and strength in the comprehension of the needs of each case and also by her endurance and executive skill. Her successor is to be paid a salary out of the funds of the Red Cross. Business men say they must manage this organization on business principles, and yet not one of then could have made the money which Miss Barton has had for distribution go as far or do as much good to as many persons as she has made it. In their efforts to retire her they have added so many years to her life as to make her an octogenarian in their ambitious arguments. If the controversy continue a while longer, they will, undoubtedly make her a centenarian. No suggestion is made to provide any kind of a testimonial for her gratuitous service to humanity since her girlhood, or to turnish her even a roof over her head, though many European countries have decorated her with medals studded with Her own country proposes precious stones to turn her out. as General Sherman said, "to browse around the rest of her days." We are not advised that the persons engaged in this warfare upon Miss Barton have contributed anything beyond initiation fee and annual dues to the support of the Red Cross Society, or have ever given one single days gratuitous service in the field or elsewhere in legitimate Red Cross relief work. They have spent their time in warring on Miss Barton and bringing the society into disrepute, failing in their one opportunity, during her absence last year, to do anything until other provisions had been made in the emergency. No other instance of any catastrophe that had occurred since the establishment of the Red Cross in the country can be found in which Miss Barton did Before any other arnot respond immediately. rangements could be made she was on the ground with her efficient force, distributing relief to all sufferers. It remains to be seen whether or not and the people will entertain memorials; Congress thus sanctioning this attempt to despoil Clara Barton of her fair fame and name at the behest of a our ing. II. V' Shall our Daughters ? O, noble RELIEF SOCIETY STAKE. shall (a) Whom I. III.. Whom Matty f Some lives though beautiful, Grow fairer day bj day, And like the sun's last rays, In glory fade away. .' ALPINE T "A rose with all its sweetest leaves yet folded." (a) Care a vital question. (b) Cleanliness an incentive to health. (c) Bathing, clothing, diet, exercise and sleep. Teach baby to go to sleep naturally. (d) Effects of frightening the child into going to sleep, etc. Lesson VI. Nutsing and Weaning: (a) Effects of wrong diet on the milk. Avoid all stimulants. (b) Regularity in nursing and its re-- " disgruntled few. suits, (c) Why should the baby not nurse in the night? (d) Time and method of weaning. In preparing these lesson, reference can be made to the following books: Miss Harrison's "Child Nature," RiddelVs "Child Saints' Church Culture," the Latter-da"Child's the and History of Joseph History Smith the Prophet." y Florence Nightingale had no such fate, though her service was never equal to that of Miss Barton. Is there not some soul in Congress to rise in iis place and propose a defence of this defenceless - . I ! ! woman, and name a gratuity to her for the rest of her life that will place her beyond the petty rival-- I ries and jealousies of any incorporated body, and d peace and corr-fothat will give her the rt well-earne- she needs? We boast of our generosity and lead in philanthropic work everywhere. Why ig-- j nore the one woman who is the personification of American generosity and benevolence, and who commands the respect and confidence of the world as an American gentlewoman ? , MRS. LOGAN AND CLARA BARTON. The "crime of getting old" is a subject ably treated by Mrs. John A. Logan in the New York American, and it relates to the atrocious treatment America's Florence Nightingale is receiving at the bands of persons totally lacking in patriotism, appreciation of services rendered, and courtesy. Mrs. Logan says: This country is now being treated to an exhibition of this spirit of the relentless demand of im ! Why withold the rose to the living, which is more than sumptuous wreaths to the dead ? Ec In New York the popular branch of the Legislature has just passed, without any women g opposition, a bill to grant the state in all the third class cities of the taxlocal right to vote upon questions of This right is also possessed by the ation. women in about a dozen of the third class cities under their special charters. tax-payin- 