WOMAN'S these come under your supervision; all these should be looked after carefully by the. society. It is your duty to assist all you can in giving to the daughters of Zion a proper education, to assist the mothers to perform wisely their duties in that capacity, to build up the home on the principles of purity and righteousness; the family being an organization which should be established on eternal princip'es, destined to exist throughout all eternity. The labors of the Relief Society largely pertain to the material things of life, to the temporal necessities of the people of the Church, and yet the influence of their efforts may reach far beyond mortality, as they affect the spiritual growth as well as the temporal needs. For instance, here is a family very deficient in understanding relative to the proper relations that should exist between husband and wife, between parents and children, and between the children themselves, who may be vastly benefitted by timely suggestions from the wiser and more intelligent members ot the Relief Society. Their mistakes may be corrected, their spiritual necessities ministered to and the whole course of their lives changed from a condition of ignorance, lack of faith and misunderstanding to correct habits and pure lives. They may assist the wife to be wise and prudent, the mother how to manage her children and her household affairs, that each may respect the other in his or her place, and the parents may have due regard for the obligations they owe to their children, and the children to appreciate the sacred ties that bind them to their parents and each other in the home; and not only so, but in the succeeding and You have this extended relations of life. of it is a and your duty to part privilege look after the fatherless and helpless, not only as to their temporal wants, but with direct reference to their mental and spiritual Indeed you should be mothdevelopment ers to the motherless and helpers to the In all these good works the helpless. Church stands at your back to help you. Men who possess means, if properly approached will be liberal in helping you to Always recarry on your glorious work. member the sick and the poor who are worthy of your sympathy. It was my privilege not long ago to visit one of our settlements in an outlying Stake of Zion where a great deal of sickness prevailed at the time, and although we had been traveling many days and we reached the settlement late in the evening, we were solicited to go round with the president to visit some of the sick. We found a poor sister prostrate upon a bed of sickness, in a very critical condition. Her poor husband sat by her bedside almost distracted at the dreadful illness of his wife who was the mother of a number of little children clustered amund. The family seemed to be in a very destitute condition. A nice matronly woman soon came into the house, carrying with her a basket containing nourishing food and some delicacies for the use of the afflicted family. On inquiry we learned that she had been detailed by the Relief Society of the ward to watch over and administer to the sick woman through the night. She was there prepared to look after the little children, to see that they were properly washed and fed and put to bed; to tidy up the house and make everything as comfortable as possible for the We also afflicted woman and her family. be would learned that another good sister EXPONENT detailed to relieve her the following day; and so on, from day to day, this poor; afflicted family received the kindest care and attention from the sisters of the Relief Society until health should again come to relieve the sick one from her sufferings. We also learned that this Relief Society was so organized and disciplined that all the sick in the settlement were receiving similar attention and ministrations for their comfort and relief. Never before had I seen so clearly exemplified the utility and beauty of this grand organization as in the example we here witnessed, and I thought what a gracious thing it was that the Lord inspiied th? Prophet Joseph Smith to establish such an organization in the Church. Who can tell the extent of the good that may be accomplished in the midst of the Saints by a well organized and thoroughly disciplined Relief Society, not only in a temporal sense, but also from a spiritual point of view.- The work is charitable and there is perhaps no more potent or far charireaching influence than ty, to win the confidence and love of our fellow creatures. And having won their confidence through simple deeds of mercy the door is opened to win and lead their souls to higher planes of faith and spiritual excellence; and, after all, the spiritual part is of greater worth than the mere temporal. It is good to be physically and mentally strong, to be possessed of perfect health and sufficient of temporal things to make our lives pleasant and agreeable, but it is still better to possess pure intelligence which comprehends a knowlege of the truth as God has revealed it to man. In the long run it is better to starve or even to perish for the want of temporal food than to be impoverished and perish for the lack of intellectual and spiritual knowledge which are essential to secure the gift of eternal life which is the greatest gift of God. To possess a knowledge of the principles of eternal truth is more to me than food or raiment. Yet we want both the temporal and the spiritual food and God has so ordained that both of these are with in easy reach of all mankind, provided they will observe His laws and live consistent therewith. It is the privilege of the worker in the Relief Society to take the little ones from their infancy and help to teach them to be honest and virtuous, to believe in God the Eternal Father, and in the divine mission of His Sou; and to instruct the mothers and to teach them to bring up their little ones in this way. This is an important duty, even more so, if possible, than simply ministering to the temporal wants which devolves upon you, my ?isters. Indeed there is no limit to your privileges or prerogative to do good in every way and everywhere that it may lay in your power. We have numerous auxiliary organizations in the Church which have beeu organized We have our Relief Society, by, authority. our Young Men's and Young Ladies Mutual Improvement Associations, our Primary Associations, our Sabbath Schools and our Religious Classes.' All these have been devised by the in- sp:ratiou of the Almighty and the wisdom of his servants, as helps in the government of the Church, subject always to the Authority of the Holy Priesthood. If these various organizations, together with tne standard organizations of the Priesthood, were all to work in harmony and do their whole duty tq the best of their ability and in accordance with the promptings of the well-directe- 93 spirit of the Lord, what a mighty power they would be in forwarding the work and purposes of God in the earth. So far as we now know we have no need to multiply organizations and associations in the Church. All. these seem to be necessary and occupy fields peculiarly adapted to and requiring their efforts. These seem to be sufficient to cover the whole ground and they should possess the ability, the qualifications and power to manage all subjects and to deal with all questions that may arise, or that now exist, affecting the well being happiness and prosperity of the inhabitants of the world, and more especially all members of the Church. Foremost among all these auxiliary organizations should be found our Relief Society which was organized by the Prophet You were appointed by Joseph Smith. the Lord and should take the lead and supervision of all questions coming within the sphere of your calling. Such organizations as mothers' classes, schools of instruction in domestic science, family training and home life, and similar questions should legitimately come under your supervision, and You are big you should direct them. enough, have power enough, and I hope will find sufficient backing to do all these things. God bless you is my prayer. Amen. Congregation sang "We thank Thee, O God,; for a prophet" as President Smith left ; d ... the building Apostle John Henry Smith next addressed the meeting. "This is a remarkable gathering of sisters coming from the many branches of the Church to aid in the uplifting and benefiting of the people. There is no field of labor in the world that produces better effect than the field assigned to woman; she who fulfills her part, is just as sure to receive her crown of glory when life's labor is done as she is to have fulfilled her duties. The words that have fallen from the lips of the man who has just It is bis spoken to you are precious. to was I and us direct pleased to privilege listen to him on the question of multiplication of organizations. These conferences are for the sisters and I hesitate to break in upon them; as husbands and wives we should talk of things concerning ourselves, and in these meetings the sisters may have matters to discuss that would embarrass them if the brethren were present, but in conferences like this and in Stake conferences they doubtless invite the brethren to be present. The development of the work is a grand one and the wonderful effects that flow, the aid given and the care of the sick and attendance upon them broadens our comprehension and the more thorough the training in these things is the better for every one of us. The efforts of the nurses' class is commendable and it is well for them to take advantage of the experience of those different to their own. When you go to a bedside where a nurse is in attendance learn from her. The same is true of your mother for the control of her family. While all of us should say our mother was the best in the world yet some are lacking in government, some are not good housekeepers, they who are most skilled must bring their knowledge before others, there is no ift or grace that goes to the refinement and happiness of the home that I would not like my wife or daughter to possess. As the mother is engaged in the adornment of her home and beautifying her surroundings and uplifting the minds of . 