WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 94 her children sometimes' tHe' idle girls" aird Benediction by Counselor Ida S moot Dusen-berrboys are doing the mischief; jtie.untroeV E. B. Wells, Secretary. wives, the wicked husbands are the idlers?; the busy men, the busy women are not the wicked ones; no greater blessing catrcbme to any man than that his hand and mind MOTHERS' WORK. . may be employed in doing good ' ' The evils are enacted WEBER STAKE. by those who have to do; when the Almighty gave nothing the command 'by the sweat of his broW he First Talk. The Infant. Its First Year: should earn his bread,' etcr, He gave the (a) The bath. Different modes of boon of boons. Work is the safeguard of batHing' the young child. Cleanliness mankind, there are conditions when the next to Godliness, etc. mortal is helpless but they can be relieved. (b) Dress. For comfort, regardless You mothers, as you build in your homes, oi style: so will your sons and daughters" build in (c) Food. Natural or artificial; regtheir lives, the busy father and mother will ularity. have the industrious boy arid girl, your ; (d) Sleep. Sleep and grow. Let work will build up the spiritual and temnature wake the baby. poral as well. In helping the poor do not (e) Creeping. The benefits. I fail to bring them to help themselves. (f) Teething. thank you for an invitation to be here, I Education begins at the cradle, (g) believe you should be permitted to listen to whether we will or not. and counsel with each Other, and I hope you impart to your children the principles Second Talk. Mother's Medicine Chest: of the Gospel and that every home where (a) No drugs should be given to you preside may be a home of peace and r baby. that you will take advantage of each others' (b) The chest. Its contents. knowledge as far as possible; may your s (c) Simple remedies. Nature and children as they turn in life say that within use. their childhood's home above all other j (d) Teething disorders, colds, croup, places they had joy and love. That y6u ; burns, canker, punctured wounds. may have success in your field of labor to (e) Prevention is better than cure. guard you in your every effort for good Is To be forewarned is to be forearmed, my prayer in t'le name of Jesus Christ. etc. Amen." Sister E. B. Wells expressed her happi- third Talk. The Child from Second Year ness in being at home again after the joUr to School: ney to New Orleans, Chicago and bther (a) Its growth physically. Light cities, where she with Sisters 'TClarIssa'S. and sunshine as necessary to the Williams and Ruth M. Fox, had been Upon r a mission; she was proud of the kss'embly't)f growth of a child as to a plant. r women and would love to show this gatherb) Its growth morally. The power i of the: our to of wothen sisters the singing. Prayer and pleasant eve- of . ing world. She felt the' had .rehmifaculOus-l- y ning talks. . Stories true to life. (c) Obedience and order. The first preserved in passing throujf'h the high of heaven. laws i";R". floods on tile water of the Mississippi R. '. tracks. Told of the Relief Society meeting (d) Respect for age and places of National Council in in Chicago, and of the worship. New Orleans, that represents more than a (e) Sabbath for little children. Plato :says "The most important part of edumillion and a half of women. Made other cation Is in the nursery." remarks and closed by Saying that She hoped the sisters would not forget the in- Fourth Month Talk. Child's Duty at Home structions given by President Joseph' F. and at School. Smith, but would take his words to 'their homes and circulate them 'among their (a) Why do children lie, steal, profriends and neighbors fane, or use slang ? President B. W.. Smith spokea few words (b) Methods of counteracting evils, about the Prophet Joseph.. Smith and rec) Late hours: effects. Children on streets or away from home at quested Clarissa S. Williams to react a nights. paragraph she had copied from the Nauvoo Relief Society record. (d) Respect for the rights of others, property, etc. public Sister C. S. Williams spoke of 'the rehousehold duties to girls Teach (e) markable preservation . of their lives to cultivation of and boys. Compare which Sister Wells had referred and also of to "childhood cultivation the of flowers. the great body of women represented in the the to The neglect neglected floveir Council and realized they were doing good, bed. but knew not the truth and were not striving as we were for the good of their eternal Fifth Month Talk. Youth and Maiden: lives. Spoke of having attended the Y. L Association in Chicago and of her surprise to (a) Health of the young girl. Specmeet these young girls born in the world, ial care now required. and and studying working t asking questions (b) Need of mother's sympathy. about our principles and trying to get intelliGain their confidence and keep their secrets. gence concerning the Gospel. President B. W. Smith was giad to see (c) Special religious training in all present, hoped they would bear in mind order that the boy may honor and dethe good counsel given at this conference. sire to hold different degrees of PriestSister Maggie C. Hull sang in her sweetest hood. voice, '"Only Remembered for What We (d) Selecting companions and books suitable for them. Have Done." Conference adjourned for six months. (e) Special training in cooking, y. -- . ....... ; , ' . sewing and general housework. (f) Courting and marrying in the Church, so as not to be deprived of blessings in the Gospel. Incidents of healing by laying on of hands. (g) The importance of the Priesthood for our sons. Sixth Month Talk. Wife and Mother. As Mothers in Israel What Ma?mcr of Women Should 'ihey Be f (a) Sound mind and sound body. (b) Good housekeepers. (c) Deportment to husbands and children. lives, as Caesar, (d) Exemplary said, above reproach. Studying the principles of the Gosoel. Following its teachings will give her the inspiration needed for her varied duties as wife and mother. Praying God to bless each and all of our sisters, and help them to fill the measure of their creation in an acceptable manner before Him, is the humble prayer of, Your sisters, C. E. Driver, R. E. Moench, Committee. J. S. Richards, President. H. B. Brown, E. S. Shurtliff, Counselors. MILLARD STAKE. Lectme is I. Motjierhood: A being breathing thoughtful breath, A traveler between life and death. The reason firm, the temperate will, Endurance, foresight, strength and skill; A perfect woman nobly planned,' To warn, to comfort and command. The great mission of woman predestined. Nature and Character study. Natural intuitions and environments. Cultivate the good and evil will vanish. Faith, hope and charity the only true guides. Improve the present by studying the past. "While it is good to walk among the living, it is good to live with the wise, great, good dead." Lecture 2nd. Pre?iatal Influence. , - . . What influences the first of life comes a part of its being. be- As ye sow, so shall ye reap. l, Seek wisdom, happy disposition. Physical exercise, home duties; moral and menial development. Study the life of Christ, "The fear of God is the beginning of wisdom." self-contro- Lecture Child: jtd. Relationship of Mother and "Of all earth's affections, pure, undefiled, Is the love and devotion of an innocent child." . The child a sacred trust or gift from God. The purest love exists between mother and child. Innate principles the governing influ- ence. The .tenderest influence felt in the one word mother. 