WOMAN'S EXPONENT Therefore be It resolved by the sisters of the Cedar Fort Relief Society that we mourn her loss, but that we appreciate the purity of her life and the worthy example she set for us to follow. Resolved: That we extend to the bereaved onr sincere sympathy and pray God that his comfortbe with them and lead them to ing influence know that what is their loss is her gain. Be it Further Resolved: That a copy of these resolutions be spread upon the reccrd of the society, one copy sent to the family and one sent to the Woman's Exp )nent for publication. Zmeline Dubois, Secretary. n-a- y Lecture IX 35 Home Adornments. Appropriate pictures elevate and inspire to noble thoughts and deeds, (b) Flowers please the eye and cheer the soul, (c) Good books are an evidence of culture and a desire for knowledge. Lecture X Mother and Daughter. (a) Give your daughter proper ideas in a judicious manner, (b) Impress her with the importance of being a home-make(c) Show her the digof domestic labor, (d) Care of nity her room aud clothing, (e) How can the daughter bring sunshine and comfort in the home? (f) What can she do to lighten the burdens of mother? (g) What can she do to keep her brothers at home? (a) r, MOTHERS' WORK. BEAR LAKE STAKE. I Lecture What Woman should know. (a) Every woman should be the embodiment of purity, modesty, patience, affection and gratitude, (b) Woman should understand the physiology and hygiene of her own organism, (c) Home hygiene and sanitation, (d) Which are the most wholesome and valuable foods? (e) The value of milk as a food, (f) Symptoms of all common ailments and the remedies to be applied. Lecture II. Preparation for Motherhood. (a) Chastity demanded of parenthood. (b) Relation of mother and child. (c) Material impressions, (d) When should education begin? Lecture III. Self Culture. Cultivate a love for the beauties of nature, (b) Use good language, (d) Avoid (c) S udy slang. Lecture XI. Behavior at Home and Abroad. (a) Thoughtfulness for the comfort and feelings of others. (b) Avoid contradictions, (c) Loud laughter and boisterous talk are unbecoming, (d) True politeness is an index to character. Lecture XII (a) Table Manners. Do not introduce disagreeable subjects at table, (b) Pleasant aids digestion, (c) Do not express special preference or dislike for certain foods. Leonora T. Spencer, con-versaii- Millie Clark, (a) self-contro- l. Lecture IV. Preparation and Care of the Infant. (a) Let the clothing be light and warm, (b) Cleanliness and pure air essential to health, (c) Regularity in uursing and feeding. Lecture V. Mothers know Your Children. (a) Use judgment and patience in dealing with them, (b) Avoid scolding and threatening, (c) Avoid bug-bestories and dark closets, (d) Listen to and answer questions of your children. ar Moral Training. (a) Teach your children to love God and be governed by His laws, (b) To remember and apply the golden rule in every day life, (c) To show kindness and respect to the aged, (d) Train them in habits of industry and econ- Lecture VI. on Nancy H. Julia Allred, Committee. P. Lindsay, President. Lizzie M. Hart, Masy Bagley, Counselors. ALPINE STAKE. Lesson VII. Childhood. Physical Development: (a) Building a healthy body. (Ref "School and Fireside" (Manser) chapter 4). (b) Care of infant during teething, (c) Outdoor exercise, sunshine, work and play, (d) Methods of proper bothing, proper dress, food and slep. (e) Best ways to assist nature in efforts to prevent sickness or to remedy disease when contracted. Lesson VIII Childhood continued). Moral Development: (a) Mother the child's first companion. of it every day, and at last we cannot break it." (a) Habit becomes second nature. Form only good ones that ye many have none to reform. Crowd out the evil habits by cultivating the good. (b) Habit of prompt obedience, truthfulness, gentleness and unselfishness. "It is better to give than to receive." (c) Necessity of reading proper wholesome literature. Why? Stories told to children should be pleasant. Evil effects of "Bugaboo and Blackman" stories, (d) Form a habit in the home of reading a chapter, singing a hymn Avoid and prayer before retiring. speaking disrespectful of God's anointed, or finding fault with anyone. Effects. (Refer to discourse by President Jos. F. Smith at Conference, October 1903). Lesson X. Childhood continued). Chastity: true definition of chasGive the (a) How we as mothers best can tity. avoid impure thoughts ithin our children! (b) Keep the body and mind pure and clean that the spirit of God may dwell therein, (c) Every deed committed originates in the mind. Pure thoughts bring forth good actions. (d) Teach the child that by continually cultivating pure thoughts and actions he can counteract evil influences with which he may come in contact, (e) Teach the child the sacred laws of life before he gains evil knowledge from evil minds. (Refer to "Juvenile Instructor," November 15, 1902, p. 688; Matt. V: 8). Lesson XI. Childhood continued). At Home and Abroad: (a) Why do children lie, steal, profane the name of Deity and use slang? Methods of counteracting these evils, Its effects. Evils of (b) Late hours. children bring on streets or away from home at night, (c) Children socials should begin early and close before curfew time. How can we as Latter-da- y Saints best overcome these evils? Lesson XII. Childhood continued). (a) Govern by love and confidence, "Teach not fesr, self government. our children correct principles, and they will govern themselves" (President Young), (b) Value of moments. Why should our children be kept employed? Youth the golden age. Improve the (c) Why present, there is no should children have set tasks and light responsibilities within the home? Her example and its influence. (Ref. "Oh! thou child of many prayers, "Millennial Star," vol. 15, no. 1, Life hath quicksands life hath snares, and to Duties Parents Boys Lecture VII "Juvenile Instructor," vol 37, no. 10, Care and age come unawares." Is. Git P- 593)- (b) IQ no years of a child's We would suggest that the years work life does it learn to much as during the be (a) Gain their love and confidence. briefly reviewed or summarized. first six years. It acquires a knowl(b) Do not allow them to get informaAnnie C. Hindley, edge of things about it through its five tion pertaining to physical changes Sina Chipman, senses: (c) Proper respect for parents, from questionable sources, (c) Ttach E. J. T. Roberts, to the aged, and for the rights and them to be prudent in selecting comCommittee. of one another in the home intimacies. too privilege avoid and great panions and also abroad, (d) Reverence for for Deity, (e) Reand of Lecture VIII. The Ideal Home. worship places Fremont stake. for public property. spect attractand home Make orderly (a) Our Motto: The noblest work of God is man ive, (b) Refining influence of music. Lesson IX. Childhood continued). perfected. (c) Respect the rights ot each member Habits: We say to mothers what a holy charge of the household. ( d) Home-readin- g is a thread weave we a "Habit is cable; and theirs, with what a holy power their lives elevating. let it be intertaining omy. - 