WOMAN'S and New Mexico, a very gratifying result of the effort made. BEAUTIFUL EXPONENTAT - 77 HISTORY OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. EIGHTY-TW- Sister Rachel R. Grant reached her d birthday anniversary on Saturday, March 7, and it is true (doubt it who may) she looked the picture of health and happiness. Her several granddaughters gave a fine dinner in her honor to a party of her old friends, twenty-tw- o in number. The tables were handsomely decorated with carnations and ferns, and all the delicacies of the season were served in the most appetizing way. The young ladies of the Grant household waited upon their grandma and her friends graciously, and with that charming way that gives zest to the enjoyment of even a simple repast this was by no means simple, on the contrary it was an elegant banThe oldest lady present, Sister M. quet. Isabella Home, pronounced the blessing upon the dinner. The delightful afternoon will long be remembered by those who enjoyed the pleasure of Sister Grant's society: always dignified in manner and distinguished and reposeful in appearance, years seem to have beautified her face and her countenance beams with the light of the calm, serene spirit within. It can truly be said of Sister Rachel, that she has grown old gracefully. Naturally the conversation of the afternoon turned on her absent son, Apostle Heber J. Grant, who is now in Japan opening up a mission in that country, and there were many Japanese, pictures, ornaments and some handsome presents to show the guests. There was some music by the young ladies, Miss Edith Grant rendered in excellent voice the sweet song, "Past and Future," her sister, Mrs. Lutie Grant Cannon playing fce accompaniment. Sister Grant was the recipient of numerous congratulations and compliments, and some presents, souvenirs of the day, given with loving words of endearment to the venerable lady. Sister Grant has presided over the Relief Society in the Thirteenth ward of Salt Lake City ever since it was permanently organized, and is highly respected by all the members of the Society of the past and the present time, the Bishop and all who have had charge; "he has served in this capacity under three Bishops, having been chosen and set apart first by B'shop Edwin D. Woolley, after his death Bishop Millen Atwood presided over the ward and when he died BishopNelson A. Empey was called to act in that capacity, who still presides in the ward, and who would not upon any account consent to release Sister Grant from that position which she has filled so long and faithfully. The social intercourse, exchange of greetings and renewal of old acquaintances with some incidents and reminiscences of the past during the afternoon was very happi-fyin- g and the day will be hallowed in memory by the sweet association of those few hours. How sweet is true friendship and how hallowed the spiritual association the sisters have in this Church from time to time. (Continued.) eighty-secon- SISTER WOODRUFF'S PARTY. On Friday, February 27, at 3 p. m., at Woodruff Villa, on Fifth East St., a delightful party was given by the officers of the Relief Society of Granite Stake to their president, Sister Emma Smith Woodruff, as a testimonial of love and esteem and in honor of her birthday anniversary. Sister Woodruff's birthday is March ist, but this year it came on Sunday, consequently could not be celebrated on that day. It was a perfect surprise to the President herself when she returned that afternoon from her labr in the Temple to find the house filled with guests, and a feast of good things ready for their delectation. Counselor Mary P. Young and Secretary Armeda S. Young and Treasurer Maria B. Winder were, we believe, the committee of arrangements, with the aid of all the Relief Society presidents and their assistants in Granite Stake. The invited guests were, President Bathsheba W. Smith, President M. Isabella Home, Counselor Annie T. Hyde, Sister Emmeline B. Wells and Sister Margaret Y. Taylor. The president of the Stake, Frank Y. Taylor, was present, and occupied the seat of honor at the head of the long table, with President Emma S. Woodruff at his right hand. Beautiful floral decorations added to the enjoyment of the feast and the delight of the happy party. Sister Woodruff received many appropriate gifts, and congratulations were showered upon her with many happy returns of the day and expressions of love and friendship. After the banquet was over her first counselor, Sister Young, took the initiative and called upon President Bathsheba W Smith to speak to the sisters. Sister Smith graciously responded in a brief speech, congratulating the president and all present and expressing her pleasure in meeting so many of the Relief Society workers, refered to having been present at the organization by the Prophet Joseph in Nauvoo and exhorted all to continue faithful. Sister M. Isabella Home was next called upon and spoke of some experiences in her life and labors among the sisters, and her great love for the Gospel and the work of the society and her love for the sisters who were laboring to do good. Sister E. B. Wells responded to Sister Young's invitation and occupied a few minutes after which Sister Woodruff thanked all present for the honor shown her, spoke of her desire to do all in her power to help forward the work in which all present were interested. Altogether the party was a pleasant and successful entertainment socially and many of the sisters were delighted to have the privilege of coming into the home which had been honored by the presence of the beloved President Wilford Woodruff. Before leaving the sisters joined in singing the favorite hymn of President Woodruff, "God moves in a mysterious way His wonders to perform." These social gatherings are really helps by the way along Hfe'f toilsome journey and strengthen the ties 01 love that Thanks to the good unite us together. sisters of Granite Stake for giving such an afternoon's enjoyment to those who have many of them labored so long and faithfully for the good of others. old-tim- e "Lulled in the countless chambers of the brain. Our thoughts are linked by many a hidden chain, Awake but one, and, lo what myriads rise Each stamps its image as the other flies." ! ! Mrs. Caroline Hanks Hitchcock, of Cambridge, Mass., has recently published a little book entitled "Nancy Hanks: the mother of Abraham Lincoln." OP THE REMARKS OF JOSEPH SMITH THE PROPHET TO THE RELIEF SOCIETY IN NAUVOO APRIL 28, 1842. SYNOPSIS President Joseph Smith called the attention of the meeting to the xii chapter ist Corinthians: "Now concerning spiritual gifts I would not have you ignorant." Said that the passage in the 3rd verse which that' Jesus is the, reads, "No man can Lord, but by the Holy Ghost," should be translated "No man can know that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost." He continued to read the chapter and give instructions respecting the different offices-- , and the necessity of every individual acting in the sphere allotted him or her, and filling the several offices to which they were appointed. He spoke of delivering the keys of the Priesthood to the Church, and said that the faithful members of the Relief Society should receive them in connection with their husbands, that the Saints whose integrity had been tried and proved faithful, might know how to ask the Lord and receive an answer; for according to his prayers, God had appointed him elsewhere. He exhorted the sisters always to concentrate their faith and prayers for, and place confidence in their husbands, whom God had appointed for them to honor, and in those faithful men whom God has placed at the head of the Church to lead His people; that we should arm and sustain them with our prayers; for the keys of the kingdom are about to be given to them, that they may be able to detect everything false; as well as to all the Elders who shall prove their integrity in due season. He said if one member becames corrupt and you know it, you must immediately put it away, or it will either injure or destroy the whole body. The sy mpathies of the heads of the Church have induced them to bear a long time with those who were corrupt, until they are obliged to cut them off, lest all become contaminated; you must put down iniquity, and by your good examples stimulate the Elders to good works; if you do right, there is no danger of your going too fast. He said he did not care how fast we run in the path of virtue; resist evil and there is no danger; God, men and angels will not condemn those that resist everything that is evil, and devils cannot; as well might the devil seek to dethrone Jehovah, as overthrow an innocent soul that resists everything which is evil. This is a charitable society, and according to your nature; it is natural for females to have feelings of charity and benevolence. You are now placed in a situation in which you can act according to those sympathies which God has planted in your bosoms. If you live up to these principles, how great and glorious will be your reward in the celestial kingdom ! If you live up to your privileges, the angels cannot be restrained from being your associates. Females, if they are pure and innocent, can enter into the presence of God; for what is more pleasing to God than innocence. You must be innocent, or you cannot come up before God; if we would come before God we must keep ourselves pure as He is pure. The devil has great power to deceive; he will so transform things as to make one &?-y- . 