WOMAN'S EXPONENT. his planning, he also built one house in Ogden and was superintendent of the branch of the Z. C. M. I. there, and the building used for that purpose was erected He was naturally under his supervision. flowers of and of beautiful surfond very in the home At East Waterloo, roundings. where he died and where the funeral services were held on Sunday, April 12, his roses, shrubbery and other adornments attracted great admiration for beauty and variety. Septimus W. Sears was born iu Caldicot, Bedfordshire, England, March 8, 1844, and it was there he embraced the Gospel when a young boy, he was sent out with the Elders and traveled distributing tracts and speaking in connection with the Elders, and manifested such zeal and enthusiasm that when only eighteen he was made president of the Liverpool conference appointed by President George Q. Cannon, then president of the European mission, although he was the youngest Elder in the mission. It was during this period of time that he wrote for the Millennial Star, both prose and poetry his articles attracted considerable attention, and it is true in whatever line of work he was engaged he excelled; his ability was exceptionally good in all the affairs he undertook he carried them through successfully. He was a member of theLegislature of 1893 and 1894 and did excellent work in the interest of the State. He would have made a fine lawyer had he chosen that profession, his judgement in matters pertaining to law and equity were always fan and just. He was zealous in working to secure Statehood and spoke in various places in the State on the platform for the Republican party. He had great executive ability and was naturally persistent and industrious, an early riser and could be seen every morning working in his orchard or garden before going to his business ofLce up town, where he kept regular hours as long as he was able to attend to his calling and duties there. Not only was Mr. Sears methodically a man of business, but he was also a student, a reader, fond of books and of poetry and music, and of all really beautiful things, and of n domestic nature, a lover of home and of quiet and refined surroundings. There were many very beautiful floral offerings from relatives and friends and the elegant white casket containing his mortal remains was literally embowered in the He looked roses he loved so "well in life. white his robes, natural and pleasant in serene and calm after the terrible suffering. "After the burden and heat of the day, The starry calm of night; After the rough and toilsome way, A sleep in the robe of white." The silent chamber faeeth the east. Faceth the dawn of day, And the shining feet of the great High Priest, Shall break thro' the shadows gray. The stars are watching the sleeping saint, And lighting the sleeping brow; But the light of the stars is cold and faint, To the glory he dreameth now." The funeral services at the residence of the deceased were held at 2 p. m , Sunday, April 12. The house was filled to overflowing with friends and relatives. Bishop N.A. Empey had charge of the services although Bishop H. F. Burton, of Farmers' Ward, was present. Of the First Presidency, President Joseph F. Smith and President John R. Winder, Apostle John Henry Smith, Pres'ts S. B. Young and Geo. Renolds of the 85 Seventies, Gov. H. M. Wells and Bishop 0. F. Whitney, Elder John T. Caine and Eider A. W. Carlson, and most of the Directors of the D. A. & M. Society. The exercises opened with singing ' 'Nearer my God to Thee," by the quartette H. G. Whitney, George D. Pyper and John D. Spencer and William Patrick. An eloquent prayer was offered by President Seymour B. Young, after which Elder George D. Pyper sang "O my Father," very beautifully, Brother Beesley accompanist, Consoling remarks were made, many of those who spoke having been associated with Mr. Sears in business relations or missionary work which brought them very closely together. President John R. Winder was the first speaker, followed by Elder John Nicholson, then Bishop O. F. Whitney read Mrs. Heman'spoem, "Ode to Death," which Brother Sears had some years before requested should be read at his funeral. It contains the verse quoted at the head of the article. knowledge of those pure principles of benevolence that flow spontaneously from their humane and philanthropic bosoms, that with the resources they will have at command, they will fly to the relief of the stianger; they will pour oil and wine into the wounded heart of the distressed; they will dry up the tears of the orphan, and make the widow's heart to rejoice. Our ladies have always been signalized for their acts of benevolence and kindness; but the cruel usage they have received from the barbarians of Missouri, has hitherto prevented their extending the hand of charity in a conspicuous manner; yet in the midst of their persecutions, when the bread has been torn from their helpless offspring by their cruel oppressors, they have always been ready to open their doors to the weary traveler, to "divide their scanty pittance with the hungry, and fiom their robbed and impoverished wardrobes, to divide with the more needy and destitute; and now that they are living in a more genial soil, and among a less barbarous people, and possess facilities that they have not heretofore en"Leaves have their time to fall." we feel convinced that with their After the reading, Apostle John Henry joyed, concentrated efforts, the condition of the Smith spoke, followed by Bishop John Watof the stranger and the son of Ogden, and Bishop Etnpey, and the suffering poor, fatherless will be ameliorated. We had the quartette sang "Dear Refuge of the privilege of being present at their organizaWeary." tion and were very much pleased with their ' 'Dear "modus operandi," and the good order that refuge of the weary, On Thee when sorrows rise, . prevailed They are strictly parliamentary When life seems dark and dreary, in their proceedings." My fainting hope relies. A sweet relief shall cheer me, In every pain I feel, For Thou art ever near me, In all Thy love to heal. With gloomy doubts prevailing, I fear to call Thee mine. The springs of comfort failing. And all my hopes decline. Where shall I flee, O Savior, Thou art my only trust, I'll cling more closely to Thee, When prostrate in the dust. Thy mercy seat is open, There let my soul retreat, In humble faith relying, And wait beneath Thy feet. Thine ear is ever ready, To hear the mourner's prayer, O, let me still find access, To breathe my sorrow there. ' ' to the 9TH, relief 1842. society, nauvoo, REPORTED BY MISS JUNE E. R. SNOW. President Joseph Smith opened the meeting by prayer and then addressed the congregation on the design of the institution. Said it is no matter how fast the society increases, if all the members are virtuous; that we must be as particular wu;i regard to the character of members now as when the society first started; that sometimes persons wish to crowd themselves into a society of this kind when they do not intend to pursue the ways of purity and righteousness, as it the society would be a shelter to them in their iniquity. was lined with the At the cemetery grave dedioffered the Objections having been previously made flowers and Bishop Empey were removed; , they catory prayer. The quartette rendered the against Sister President which after Joseph Smith conhymn, "The Christian's Good Night." said he was going his tinued address; The grave was literally covered with the to that Jesus Christ preach mercy. Suppose most beautiful flowers. to should and object us on frivholy angels So He bringeth them unto their desired haven. become of us ? would what olous things, Psalms cvii: 30. to one merciful be another and must We small overlook things. HISTORY OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. , Respecting the reception of Sister ( Continued. ) President Joseph Smith said, "It grieves is no fuller fellowship A PARAGRAPH FROM THE HISTORY OF me that there suffer all feel it; by unmember one if SMITH. JOSEPH ion of feeling we obtain power with God. Nauvoo. III., Tuesday, March 24, 1842. Christ said He came to call sinners to re"I attended by request, the Relief Society pentance, and save them. Christ was conJews because whose object is the relief of the poor, the demned by the into he took his sinners took he the and and society; orphan, destitute, the widow the that them benevolent of all they repented principle upon for the exercise purposes. It is the object of this sociMrs. Emma Smith has taken the presiden- of their sins. tial chair; Mrs. Elizabeth Ann Whitney ety to reform persons, not to take those and Mrs Sarah M. Cleveland are her coun- who are corrupt and foster them in their selors; Mrs. Elvira Cole is treasurer, and wickedness, but if they repent we are n and talented poetess, Miss bound to take them, and by kindness sanctiour Eliza R. Snow, secretary. There was a fy and cleanse them from all unrighteousvery numerous attendance, at the organiz- ness by our influence in watching over Nothing will have such influence ation, of some of our most intelli- them. over and respectpeople as the fear of being disfellow-shipe- d gent, humane, philanthropic by so goodly a society as this. Then able ladies, and we are well assured from a ( . self-righteo- us well-know- 