WOMAN'S EXPONENT sufficiently warmed himself, his uncle sent bim to the different houses to ask the men to gather in his home for a little consultation, warning him, however, not to say anything to alarm the women folks. George made the round of the different houses, leaving his message, and last of all knocked at the door of Elizabeth's home hoping with a lover's fondness to have a few words with her that night; but, with her brother John, she had gone to one of the neighbors to help plan some Christmas entertainment for the children; so after giving to her father his uncle's message, he returned to his own home a little disappointed, but still with the memory of her brave words in his mind, full of hope for the future. The conference lasted about an hour, and by that time every man in the fort was ready to act as guard or soldier, just as occasion should require. All guns were that the and powder horns hung night inspected, A of young men hand. at near and detail dry was appointed to act as sentries on the four sides and also to take information to the families still living in wagons and tents who were not yet inside the enclosure. While all these precautionary preparations were being made by the men, the women were silently wondering what they could do to make Christmas a little happier, a little different from other days. The mother nature always loves to do something nice for little folks; but oh, the dearth of everything! How much poorer than ever they seemed at this time. Elizabeth's brother had brought from the canyon with his logs some young pines, and they had wondered if in some way they might not be utilized to please the children, So together John and Elizabeth had gone with these young trees over to Mary Dilworth, the little school teacher, to discuss the matter. Other young folks were also gathered there, and the hours passed quickly, "Oh," said Mary, "how pretty and green they are." "Yes, if we only had some of our Michigan cranberries to string on them, we might have a real Christmas tree," answered John. "Well," she replied, "there's no good wishing for things we cannot have, and the sight of the green pine needles will be something for them after all. Come over to the school tomorrow, Elizabeth, and help me tell them a Christmas story and teach them a happy song. The little folks have always such a sober life, we can at least try to brighten it for one day!" "Aren't you glad, girls," said Sister Riter, "that the Battalion boys are with us You young folks can at least have again? a dance tomorrow night. Jesse Earls' fiddling just makes us older folks want to dance." This was two nights before Christmas, that in the same enclosure two conferences were held, one among the young folks planning amusement and making merry with music, laughter and jests, and one among the elder ones planning means for protection and safety. As Elizabeth and John crossed the court they noticed the sentry pass the gateway, and immediately the word danger used by her lover came to her mind. Without exchanging a word with her brother about the circumstance, she crossed immediately to the sentry and asked for an explanation. The boy knew she was impetuous and self-- willed, but he also knew her to be brave and true, and he felt she was one who would neither alarm nor annoy any one by spreading evil tidings, so he expl intd about the nearness of the Indians and their warlike appearance. Elizabeth knew not fear, and besides she was full of assurance that she herself could scarcely account for, that their worst dangers were passed, and she gaily replied, "Keep on the lookout for wolves, Millen, and shoot them if they come too near; never an Indian will you see tonight." Then rejoining her brother, they entered the house. The mother and the other children were all sleeping, but the father was waiting for them, his Bible in his hand and his gun leaning against his knee. The resemblance between the father and daughter was most man, He, a large, well-bui- lt striking. whose very attitude denoted firmness and courage, a kindly, open countenance with clear, blue eyes, though heavily shaded, and a mouth with lips close shut; while this sweet maid, Elizabeth, almost a child in years in those days girls had no youth, they passed from childhood to womanhood, for the hardships and sorrows of pioneer life was a bitter and trying school was like a tall red rose, graceful, strong and fair She was full of faith and hope to behold. Her mind was rich in thought, and love. and her hands were never idle. Watching her movements in her home, one would instinctively recall the words of Solomon, "She looketh well to the ways of her household, and eateth not the bread of idleness." As her parting words with her sweetheart implied, "I will do all you ask, we are young and strong and can wait," so she always seemed, full of strength and power and courage to battle with any emergency, and she diffused in her surround-ing-and among her associates, this great personality, like a rose sends out its perfume. Some women are full of fears, and full of tears, nervous and sentimental to a great degree, but such women are usually those reared in luxury and refined surroundings. The dangers of the desert and the toil of the pioneer made life's work so incessant that little time was left for fears or idle weeping, but the soul was full of sentiment and the very desert seemed to breathe of s hope. "Why father," said the girl, ' you look quite formidable, let John take your gun and put it up, and I will read you a verse or two from the good book while you prepare for bed. I know all about your meeting, and there is no need for you to watch, for the boys will give us plenty of warning, and I must sit up a while to knit, so if there is occasion, I can wake you." Then turning to her brother, she said, "How very tired you must be, John dear, after your canyon trip! Do get to sleep as soon as possible." So in her masterful way, she assisted them both, and soon all was quiet, not a sound but the steady clicking of her needles as they worked in and out of the long comforter she was making for her lover's Christmas gift. Swiftly the needles flew, and swifter flew her thoughts. "If George had not received this missionary call, we might be married next spring and begin to make a home for ourselves; but as it is, it may be for years before we really do begin to live. I believe I will get Mary Dilworth to teach me privately this winter, and then when the new settlers come in next year perhaps I can start a school, and so begin to earn a little money and perhaps lay by something towards a home." So her thoughts ran on until the candle burned down in the socket. She dared not be so extravagant as to light another that night, so carefully folding up her work, was preparing for bed, when on the clear, cold air was heard the report of a gun. Quickly she sprang to the port hole in the outer wall, but could see nothing, so she quietly slipped through the door and ran' to the gate. Others were hurrying from the houses and for a few moments great excitement, prevailed, but investigation proved that one of the guards bad shot st a prairie Darkness dog, thinking he saw a wolf. enlarges the sight as well as the imagina- tion. After awhile quiet agaiu ensued, but leep was almost impossible for many that night, when it became generally known that danger was so near. The morning dawned clear and cold. The earth was covered with a heavy irost that The glistened like jewels in the sun. housewives were astir early for there was much to do that day. Elizabeth had determined ty help Miss Dilworth entertain the children, and early in the morning was baking doughnuts in all sorts of fancy designs, rings, hearts, balls and baby shapes; grotesque enough some of them were, but pleasing to the eye and certainly sweet to With colored yarns and iancy the taste. decorated the tree, and the they doughnuts little ones were happy, for they had not expected anything. The pioneer mothers dared not tell their children fancy stories of Santa Claus and Christmas cheer, for well they knew no such visions could be realized, so the little folks received a pleased suprise with this simple offering. Mary Dilworth a girl of great intelligence and wholly unselfish had opened, as soon as the room could be built, a school for the children of the settlement, and had given hei time and thought freely for their benefit. The little folks loved her, and were eager to learn, and on this day before Christmas, she seemed particularly happy among them; and with Elizabeth's help, they sang songs and played merry games for some time, when standing before them, she told them the story of Christmas, not the merry making of today, but the true, sacred story of Jesus' birth. Ah, many Christmas tales are told and written, but after all what can equal that beautiful story of Mary with her babe in the manger, when the wise men came to worship ai.d brought beautiful gifts, and the glory of the Lord shone over all! Elizabeth listened as intently as the children and felt more than ever the desire to help and to do good to some one, more than ever anxious to sing praises and to cease all complaining. And as the children rose to receive their little cakes from her hands, she said, "Let us all repeat the Lord's prayer, and then say together "Peace on earth, good will to men." Alter this little ceremony with the children, a perfect calm seemed to rest upon them all, and a heavenly glow filled their hearts to such an extent that to their sights the room ; was all and never a happier, more contented little assembly ever dispersed that that. Elizabeth was full of the spirit of this oc- rosy-hued- 