WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 54 and grandfather's also and the ring had been her mother's "Take these, George," she said, "and keep the coin always. The ring give to your wife when you have one, for it was to have been your mother's had I ever seen her again. Our mother gave it to me to keep for her." The ring was of very soft, yellow gold, with pretty, open carving around the setting, and a clear ovA sapphire, with a small pearl on each side formed the setting. "It seems almost too much happiness for one day, dear Aunt," said George; and then he told her of his engagement to Elizabeth, and asked if she were willing for him to give this ring to her as a pledge of their love. His aunt gladly consented, for she knew and admired the girl exceedingly and felt sure it would find a worthy place on Elizabeth's finger. When evening came, George called at Elizabeth's home, where there were other young men of the Fort visiting. Elizabeth and her two sisters were very popular young ladies, so their home was frequently Eliza gathering place for young people. a warm abeth's father gave George very welcome this Christmas evening, which the company attributed to his wonderful experience in the morning with the Indians; but George knew by the warm pressure of the hand and the merry twinkle in his eye that her father knew of their love and approved of him; and so the evening hours glided on. d frying Parching corn in the while reciting one was amusement, pan pieces and singing songs made pleasure, too. Then some one proposed a story. "Now who can tell a story like mother?" said John. "Come, mother, bring something out of the Michigan forests, if its only long-handle- a ghost." "Oh yes, do," said the young folks in a chorus, "we just love ghost stories, if they do make us creep." "That's just John's nonsense," said his mothei, "but I will tell you of something that happened when I was a young girl, that I had almost forgotten until I heard today of George's prayer with the Indians and that recalled it, for it was almost if not quite as strange. "Twas Christmas morning, and the snow had been falling all the day before and all night, and lay around the house at least a foot deep; and in the doorways and by the fences, were great drifts a yard or more deep. Not a soul had left the house, and mother had just started to prepare breakfast when there was a knock at the The children were not kitchen door. we hesitated for a moment and dressed, about opening the door, for we expectt d a great rush of cold and a fall of snow into the room; but sending the children out of the draft, mother opened the door, and in walked a tall elderly man. No cold seemed to come into the room, nor any snow; but we did not notice that then, we only looked at the man, who quietly entered and closed the door behind him, then walked over by the stove and sat down .before speaking. We were all quite taken back by his manner, still no one spoke. Then he held out his hands to the fire, and they were white and soft as snow, and we began to note how tall and straight and handsome he looked, when suddenly he asked mother if he might have breakfast with us. "Just an ordinary tramp," put in John. "Wait," said his mother, "until you hear the rest of the story, and then see if , you think him a tramp." Then she continued. "We ate our breakfast almost in silence, but such wonderful peace seemed around us, and we all felt something like one feels in a Quaker meeting, such a pure holy spirit in the silence. You know we were Quakers before we joined the Church, and so this silence didn't cause us much astonishment like it would now. Well, when breakfast was over, the stranger got up and said, "The Lord bless this house." Then out he walked, and mother felt so strange she went to the window to see which way he went, but she couldn't see anything of him at all, so father said that he would go out and look around a bit; and would you believe it, when he opened the door, the drift of snow fell in, and there was not a foot print in the snow anywhere around. Now what do you think that was?" "Maybe it was the wandering Jew, "said John. He has lived so long he can walk on air by this time." "Well, without laughing, we thought perhaps it was him," answered his mother, "but since I joined the Church, sometimes I have thought it might have been one of At any rate, I know the three Nephites. it is a true story, improbable as it seems." After this story the company were rather quiet and subdued. It seemed to speak so much of the supernatural, but soon a song was proposed, and one of the young men in a clear rich voice sang the sweet song, "Mary of Argyle." old-fashion- heard the mavis singing His love song to the morn. I have seen the dewdrop clinging To the rose just newly born; But a sweeter song has cheered me At the evening's gentle close, I have seen an eye still brighter, Than the dewdrop on the rose, 'Tis thy voice, my gentle Mary, And thine artless winning smile, given him, and told them its history. Even if he had been able to buy a ring, he could not have bought it for at least six months, when some of the men would be going back East to help more of the settlers in to the valley, but he was a poor boy and this was a very great treasure to him, beautiful for- itself, and for its history as well, and he knew no place so fitting for it as the hand cf his sweetheart, so he placed it there in the presence of her father and mother, vowing her eternal devotion; and she, sweet girl, was full of emotion. She had never possessed a jewel in her life, and this seemed a glorious one, besides it meant so much to her. She was not gifted with any particularly fine language, but spoke always from the heart, sincere she said, "You will and plain, and never regret this gift to me. I will wear it as a token of our love and cherish it above all my possessions." "Before you leave us, George, we will have our family prayer," said the father; and then they knelt and praised the Lord for the peace aud happiness of their lives. So ended the first Christinas in the Valley; and that night at least, two lives were happy and full of bright anticipation. No home is so lowly or humble, but what love's fairy wand can render it beautiful; no life so lorely or despondent, but when love enters all the shadows flee. Love alone is enticing and entrancing; but Jove combined with fahh is glorious and divine. - to-nig- ht Annie Wells Cannon. I have That has made fchis earth an Eden Darling Mary of Argyle. This set the company in a happy humor again, and they all joined in singing one or two favorite hymns, and then the company prepared to depart. George had enjoyed the evening, still he had wished it were possible to have a few moments with Elizabeth alone. There seemed so much to say, and young love is ever impatient. He could think of no good excuse, however, to keep him after the others, and also started to go; but Elizabeth's father called him back and asked him to remain awhile. The family seated themselves around the fire, and the father took Elizabeth over by her lover and placed their hands together, saying, "she told me, George, last night, and I welcome you as a dear son and mean to help you in your endeavors. Go on as you have begun, and I will have no fear for you." Then turning to his wife and the other children, he further said, "Elizabeth and George are engaged, mother, and I want you to feel that it is all right, for I feel so, and they could not be happy without your consent." The mother was a little overcome, but she knew that love matches were the only happy ones, and that no amount of coercion would have any effect upon Elizabeth when once her mind was made up, so she decided to' try and think it was for the best, and she kissed her daughter very tenderly and spoke sweetly to them both. George then showed them the ring his aunt had that day IN MEMORIAM. It becomes our painful duty to record the death of one of our noble sisters of the twenty-fitfWard Relief Society, Sister Matilda Ek, wife of Bishop Carl Ek, who passed away, Friday Nov. 6th, 1903, after a severe illness. She leaves a husband and family of eight children, three boys and five girls. She was a devoted wife and mother. She rilled the position of second courselor in the Relief Society, to the satisfaction of all, and endeared herself to a host of friends, but as our heaven'y Father, in his wisdom has seen fit to call home our Sister to a better life, we the officers and members of the Twentieih-fiftWard expns- our sincere sympathy to the bereaved husband and family in their loss, feeling also that they have been greatly blessed with her wise and faithful example. Our sister is not dead, she simply her intelligent part having gone to that bright sphere, where the just await the time of thtir redemption, when there will be a reunion of the spirit with the body through the power of tbe resurrection. Having slept in peace, she has secured her title to be among the heavenly throng that will accompany the Lord of glory, when he shall come to this creation to take the reins of its government. F. T. N. h h - Sister Elizabeth Nichols Berry one of the earliest and most respected citizens of Cedar Fort, Utah Co., Utah, passed away November 13th, Sister Berry was born April 7th, 1S32, at 1903. Ashorne, Warwickshiie, England, and was married to John Berry Feb. 17th 1852. She wai, baptized October, 1851, and with her husband and parents emigrated from England in 1853, locating in Cedar Fort, in the spring of 1854. She was the mother of nine children, four of whom survive her, five having died before her, her descendants e numbered at her death. The funeral services were "impressive and beautiful. Words of praise were given by her Bishop and neighbors, also by visiting sisters of the Stake presidency of the Relief Society. fifty-thre- RESOLUTIONS CF RESPECT. Whereas, God in his infinite wisdom has seen onr midst our beloved president: and, Whereas, we recognized in Sister Elizabeth Berry a faithful and energetic worker, fit to call from 