Woman's Exponent The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. ' Vol. 32 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST, 1903 CONTENTS. LillieT. Freeze Burnham Freeze Mothers' Work A Voice from Richfield. . .Hannah M. Ogden Peace Meetings. .Alice Smith Merrill Home Lecture Given in Cannon Ward.L. G. Davey E, B.Wells History of the Relief Society Com. A Pleasant Surprise, R. S. Reports A Wardrop Ladies' Meeting 24 Editorial The Day in Which We Live .... 20 Mary A. Semi-month- ly Annual Meeting D. R Editorial Notes The Relief Society Poetry Love . 17 18 18 19 19 21 21 22 20 21 E. R. S. S Selected 17 19 THE RELIEF SOCIETY. It is an institution formed to bless The poor, the widow and the fatherless; To clothe the naked and the hungry feed, And in the holy paths of virtue lead. To seek where anguish, grief and sorrow are. And light the torch ot hope eternal there; To prove the strength of consolation's art By breathing comfort to the mourning heart. To chase the clouds that shade the aspect where Sad mis'ry dwells, and wake up pleasure there, With open heart to extend the friendly hand; To hail the stranger from a distant land. To stamp a with' ring impress on each move That virtue's noble self would disapprove; To put the tattler's coinage scandal down. And make corruption feel its scathing frown. To give instruction where instruction's voice Will guide the feet and make the soul rejoice, To turn the wayward from their recklessness, And aid them in the path of happiness. It is an order fitted and designed To cultivate and elevate the mind; To seek the needy in their lone abode Supply their wants and lead them up to God. E. R. S .S. Woman's Exponent, July 1, 1872. MARY A, BURNHAM FREEZE. Saints are Among the Latter-dawomen not famous for genius nor distinguished for that exquisite culture and polish, that is the result of generations of classical education and the discipline in graceful ease that wealth and leisure afford, but many are remarkable for their inheritance of noble characteristics and virtues bequeathed to them from long lines of honorable and distinguished ancestors; and they have demonstrated the possession of heroic courage and firmness, irrepressible energy, trusting faith and religious fervor, while blending with, softening and beautifying all, is native refinement, purity and simplicity that makes womanhood lovely. Among this type Mary A. Freeze holds an honored place, her lineage is traced back to the year 1200, and the Burnham family have a record of the same. They descended from the Normans and the family was at one time very renowned and wealthy. Among them are Doctors of Law, Doctors of Divinity and literary people one of whom writes of "the service of gold, their equipages and household appointments and of the grandeur brought with them from their y many-remarkabl- ancient and noble halls of England." They have traced their genealogy to the nobility of England and prove an inheritance of Three brothers came to royal blood. America at an early date, one settling in Vermont and two in Massachusetts. Their descendants took part in the Revolutionary War, also the war of 1812, and several of them were officers in the late Civil War in America. Major John Burnham was a member of the Continental Army formed on the banks of the Hudson River. George Washington was the first president and Major Burnham had his certificate of membership with Washington's autograph suspended upon the wall of his home in Derry, N. H. Coming down to more recent date, we find that James Lewis Burnham, of Vermont, was minister of a church called Christians, but after hearing the principles of the Gospel explained by an Elder of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, he was convinced that he had no authority to preach until he was babtized by immersion, received the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands and was ordained to the priesthood as were the Apostles in ancient days. He married Mary A. Huntly, of his own state, and after they had accepted the religion both were convinced was right, moved to Nauvoo, 111., in 1843. Three sons were born, and Mr. Burnham contracted a cold while preaching in the open air, and in 1845, four days previous to the birth of their daughter Mary, (the subject of this sketch) he died of hemorrhage of the lungs. What a trying period for the young widow, left alone in a destitute condition with no But relatives .near to render assistance cast her had she lot with whom the Saints in friends true were sake for the Gospel's to remain the hour of need and she preferred with them in the depths of poverty, to returning to her relatives in the East who proffered her every assistance if she would return to them. In February, 1846, the famous exodus of the Saints from Nauvoo began, and this frail widow with four little children took up her toilsome march across the plains. ! Truly, "Man for holy conscience sake, Many sacrifices makes." After six years of delays, dissappoint-ment- s and untold hardship and suffering, she reached Salt Lake City, already a bright She oasis in the great American desert. soon moved to Richmond, Cache County, where Mary, despite all her disadvantages, had grown to a stately and charming brunette, with a wealth of undeveloped charA veritable rough diamond, which acter. P. Freeze, a new convert to the James from Church Philadelphia, was not slow to at the age of seventeen Mary and recognize, wife. became his In 1863 they removed to Salt Lake City. Possessing native intelligence, a generous soul and well defined characteristics of a religious and social order Mrs. Freeze was soon chosen as a leader among her sex. Her own sad experience with poverty and No. 3 her keen sympathy with the suffering and unfortunate, made her a valuable member of the Relief Society in whose interests she has ever faithfully labored. For over twenty-fiv- e years Mrs. Freeze has been a presiding officer in the Mutual Improvement Association of Zion and for nearly twenty years has presided over the branches of that association in Salt Lake Stake (County) with a membership of three thousand young women. Though frail in body her labors have been arduous and unceasing, with undaunted energy and perseverance she has most cheerfully battled against obstacles and willingly sacrificing the personal ease and comfort which became hers at marriage, in the interest of those whose spiritual, mental and moral development was entrusted to her care. She has traveled extensively in the state in the interest of the Relief Society in connection with her Mutual Improvement work and the constant presence of the dear, faithful mother, over eighty years of age, in her home, has made all this zealous public labor possible. From both lines of parentage, Mrs. Freeze inherits strong religious and intellectual tendencies, a most amiable disposition is one of nature's best gifts to her, she has a cheerful magnetic presence her own great faith inspires others, her unbounded hope encourages and her sweet charity draws all hearts toward her. As a public speaker sound in doctrine, earnest and enthusiastic in expression. While her persuasive attitude wins souls to the cause As an evidence so dear to her own heart. of the loving respect in which she is held by her colaborers a surprise testimonial was tendered her in June, 1894, by the officers of all the associations over which she presides. In decribing this unprecedented event, the Young Woman's outnal says: Long before the hour of commencing the hall was ablaze with electric light, while the floral decorations and bunting were of the most elaborate Amid sweet strains of music Mrs. description. Freeze entered the crowded hall, and when seated on the platform she wTas treated to a veritable shower of flowers and a hearty round of applause from the audience, who had risen to their feet en masse. Many of the most prominent men and women in the Church had met to do her honor and Joseph F. Smith, a nephew of the great Latter-da- y Prophet, and one of the First Presidency of the Church, uttered the following very liberal sentiment: "It is really necessary that we should active women to labor in the have d cause of women, as well as to have active men to labor in the general interests of the I feel and have felt for a long people at large time to honor and respect Sister Freeze, as also the labors of Sister E. S.Taylor and her associates in the Mutual Improvement work throughout the territory of Utah. Their labors have resulted in a great deal of good, and there is yet a great deal to be accomplished by them. Therefore it is very of affecpleasing to me to see this demonstration tion on the part of the sisters, to Sister Freeze while she is yet with them. I believe in that principle, in that sentiment of honor to those to paying respect and showing whom honor and respect is due while they yet live, and therefore 1 heartily respond in my feelings and approve of the very pleasing and overwhelmSurely she ing demonstration manifested tonight. has reason to feel grateful and yet humble before the Lord for this mark of respect profound respect I can only say to Sister Freeze that there is no greater or more noble work to which old or public-spirite- d, public-spirite- 