WOMAN'S EXPONENT the mother's work, but realized that they woman that feareth the Lord, she shall be praised. "Give her of the fruit of her hands and let her must not lose sight of the charitable work, own works praise her in the gates." Proverbs, for which the organization was formed. President Ann C. Woodbury, St. George Chapter 31. . H'.1 Sphere and M ission . Stake, gave Fome statistics, and an idea (a) In ancient times how was she of distances that they had to travel one appreciated? in thousand miles visiting the Stake; once (b) The modern changes. a year they go all the way around; the peoAs wage earner. (c) ple are scattered and have many hardships To be a mother to her children (d) to contend with, but they are striving with and companion to her husband. all their might to do right; the men have God's commandment to Adam (f) to word very hard and the sisters have to and Eve. (Gen.. 1st Chap., 28th help them. Many families do not raise also verse; Gen., 3rd chapter, 16th their bread and the young men have to go verse.) away, and there are many inconveniencies; a are and if the water Preparation for Her Life's Work. building canal, they can be brought on the land, it will become (a) How to keep well. are to (b) Need of sympathy. work and the fruitful; they willing blessed them. Lord has (c) Dreams of youth. President Temperance Hinckley, Fre(d) Decision and independence of character. mont Stake, Idaho We visit around the (e) Pure hearts and a virtuous life. stake twice a year, all do their duty, have officers meetings once a month, have not Advantages of Proper character Dutlding. yet started the mother's work, have held (a) Confidence in parents. back until they could get proper instruction; (b) Direct the girls' purpose. felt that we had been blessed in this confer(c) Self reliance. a and had that ence, good spitit (d) Choice of companions. prevailed. Sister Zina Young Card reported for Can(e) Sunny temper. ada. The officers there hold meetings every (f) What reading will do. Quat terly Conference; they find the mother's (g) Perils of scepticism. work a drawing card for the young mother's (h) Religious views essential to a and they are seeking to make the best of life's companion. (i) Leaving home. it, recently had a visit from Sisters Dusen-berr- y and Little, which was fully apprecia(j) How to be beautiful, ted, she ftlt the sisters were doing the best (k) Manners and dress. they could in a new country; they had two Prepared by Maria Allen. granaries and are endeavoring to save some Second Talk. The Wife. more grain this year. They have not sent (a) Man's helpmate. any nurses to study, the laws up there make (b) Religiously. it difficult to do some of those things. The (c) Intellectually. Exponent was not very broadly taken, but (d) Economically. they intend having more copies, as the sis(e) Her rights, duties and influence- ters cannot get along without it. There had (f) Influence of wives in former never been a ripple in the Stake Board, times. (Ref. "Women of the Bible.") have avoided all discord and worked toThird Talk Parenthood. gether in the greatest harmony, the sisters (a) Effects of parental influences. respond cheerfully to every call and help (b) Example." one another. Sister Card said: I never exHow to control children and (c) pect to report Alberta Stake again, as we how to become acquainted with them. have moved to Cache Valley, but I hope (d) Parents should train, but should the sisters will continue to be united and not change the child's individuality. increase in good works. By Ruth McKee. President Bathsheba W. Smith made a Talk. Motlierhood. a Fourth from few remarks and gave the sisters if so (a) Motherhood provides the earthly distance liberty to ask questions they desired. The subjects of storing wheat, pleasure and eternal happiness. (Ref. woman's building and mother's work were page 421. Vol. 6, No. 6, Impt. Era. (b) Life is made up of pleasures, the principal topics, the President explaintasks, cares and duties, which, when ing and giving such informaticn as stemed added together make a grand total of needful, and speaking words of comfort and human happiness. of cheer to the sisters, and blessing them (c) Parental culture, is a very imwith peace and love. The Secretary gave notice of the annual business meeting of portant subject for mothers to study, the society, to be held in that hall, Monday, gentleness, cheerfulness, and contentment. October 5, at 4:30 p m. of (d) Lead by love; study their dispoIsrael" Congregation sang "Redeemer unsitions; guard against partiality. and conference adjourned six months, Recite to them in simple language til April, 1901. Elder C. J. Thomas proof the Savior. Sing to them. stories nounced the benediction. control. Once able to conSelf (e) Annie Wells Cannon, our trol tongues, and our tempers, we Secretary pro tern., be will prepared to lead our children. E. B. Wells, should be taught by Kindness (f) Secretary. be to thoroughly instilled into example nature. the child's MOTHERS' WORK. EMERY STAKE. "Woman rocks the cradle of the world. Williams. First Talk. Ella Woman. "She openeth her mouth with wisdom; and in her tongue is the law of kindness. "Favor is deceitful, and beauty is vain; but a 35 By Mrs. B. O. McIntire. Fifth Talk Infancy. Infants and how to care for them. A child is a precious gift of God. (a) (b) The Bath. The virtue of olive oil in the case of children. Natural. 2. Arti(c) Food. 1. 3. Given regularly, and why? (d) The wardrobe. Clothing should ficial. be light, warm, loose, and not too long. Harm done by giving medicine. (f) Essential things for babies; constant care, good milk mixed with water for food, pure air. and plenty of (e) sleep. By Mrs. U. E. Curtis. Sixth Talk. Childhood. Let a child's home be the happiest place on earth. . Religious Training. (a) Prayer. (b) Life of Christ. (c) Mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith. (d ) hood. Moral Training. (a) Respect for old age and for parents. (b) Self reliance and self control. be kind and (c) Truthfulness, gentle. (d) Teach the children to remain at home at night, unless circumstances compel them to be away. 2. j 4. Honor and respect for the Priest- . Physical Training. (a) Plenty of outdoor exercise and work directed by parents. .Proper Clothing. (a) (b) The effects of tight clothing. Childrens' feet should be kept warm and dry in winter. (c) Mention some of the benefits of going barefoot in summer. 5. Cleanliness . (a) Bathing. (b) Care of teeth, nails, hands, and hair. Seventh Talk. Girllwod. On what does beauty depend? Girls should be taught to read and choose good companbooks good (a) (b) ions. (c) selves. 1. Take good care of them2. Keep their feet dry and warm. (d) Keep both mind and body clean and pure. 1. Confide in mother. 2. Be kind and gentle. (e) Teach the girls to be home-maker- s in the true sense of the word. (f) 1. Dress should be suitable to the employment. 2. Short skirts for girls until they become women. 3. Guard against love of display. 4. To be neat and tidy is always in good taste." By Mrs. U. E. Curtis. Eighth Talk Boyhood. (a) Teach them to have faith in our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. That He will hear and answer prayers. Love for our religion and other instructions. (h) Teach them personal purity. Energy to be encouraged and properly directed. To form good habits. Good habits are worth more than a fortune. (c) To have an object or purpose in life and to work with zeal to accom. 