WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 72 takes from the child everything it puts all her books and documents relating to the its hands on, retard its intellectual woman question in the Congressional Li(e) Dress plainly anc1 in a special alcove to be devoted to loose. Why ? growth ? If the child cannot be per- brary, All the pamphlets will be mitted to play with all things, what this purpose. (f ) Explain the bad effects of wearbook plate will be provided a ? special bound, of can it reasonably demand the parent ing high heeled shoes. and the collection will.be catalogued separ(g) Explain the benefits of going 2. to Talk: As soon as the child Miss Anthony has accumulated a Learning ately. bare-foo- t in summer. begins to talk, the mother can give large number of valuable books, some of much aid, 2. Cleanliness of the Body: them out of print, and many of them authin it assist can She acquiring (a) or's presentation copies. (.a) What is the object in bathing ? words and forming sentences. How ? often how (b) Generally speaking, Mrs. Alice M Ruble, the only woman (b) She can aid it In the pronuncishould a child be bathed ? Will one ? member of the Colorado Legislature, has ation of words. How rule serve for all ? can correct improper usage. been treated with "signal courtesy" by She (c) (c) It is important to keep the teeth both sides, throughout the exciting scenes How ? clean and whole, because disease germs child the books of the last few days, which have finally re(d) By reading good Give find entrance through cavities. of Mr, Teller to the is assisted in the art of expression. sulted in the other reasons. ? So U. S. Senate. How and says the Boston Herald, why (d) Why should children's teeth be which, though opposed to equal suffrage, normal child admits Questions: Every given vigorous exercise? Asking that the tears sometimes felt lest j. asks questions. This impulse is heav(e) Wash the mouth daily with diwomen iuight.be treated with rudeness in luted listerine or other suitable disinen born. It is one way in which the times of political excitement have not been fectant. child gets knowledge. Mrs. Ruble is a realized in this case. (f) Practice gargling, Why? (a) What will be the attitude of the Democrat, and the other Democratic memwise mother in respect to the child who bers gallantly delegated to her the duty of Attention to ilie Growing Form: j. Proper asks is to insist it questions ? renominating Senator Teller, which she important (a) Why Some people (b) The mother who ignores the did in a graceful speech. that the growing child keeps a correct scolds or because the the claim child's that shoulders and of question, disagreement in the Colohead, pelvis? poise reso will asks child rado intelbe should many questions Legislature proves that woman suffrage (b) Bodily changes intellectual But it child's the tard has had a civilizing influence. not some of Name the growth. ligently explained. ? to and did not amounted high words, Why only bodily changes of childhoood. a of of Before do violence think the What the to (c) you telling length go . Promoting the Health: child that it should be seen and not women voted, in the seventh Legislature of heard ? Colorado, known in history as the 'Bloody (a) Keep the children employed at one member was killed and home and at school. Reasonable woik . The Child's Love for Stories: The great Seventh," U. S. Representative deve lopes the brain and muscles. several wounded. desire of the child for stories is another Sha froth of Colorado says: "I have seen (b) Provide outc'oor exercises; as, wise provision of nature, meant to astime when a political convention withsufficient manual labor to make the the sist in its mental culture out a disturbance and the drawing of weapchild tired enough to fall asleep when (To be continued.) ons was rare. That time is past in Colorado, it goes to bed. Name some suitable of for childhood. and it is due to the presence qf women. this period occupation THE NATIONAL CONVENTION. Every man now shows that civility which makes him take off his hat and net swear, FIRST YEARS OF CHILDHOOD. The Thirty-fift- h annual Convention of and deport himself decently when ladies American National the Woman Suffrage are present. Instead of women's going to Those mothers are few who do not understand Association will be held in New Orleans, the polls corrupting women, it has purified g of after life depends largely that the The the polls." Ax. upon the care a child receives during infancy and La., March 19th to 25th, inclusive. early childhood, Nevertheless, while many realbe in held will the Athenaeum, ize the responsibility which this fact imposes upon meetings and the hotel headquarters will be at the St. motherhood, there are doubtless many well meanAmong the prominent speaking mothers who do not sense how much these same Charles. ers will be Miss Anthony, Rev. Ann H. years make for the child's intellectual growth. Colonel Parker said, "In no years of a child's life Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt, Miss does it learn so much as during the first six years." Shaw, Laura Clay, Mrs. Harriet Stanton Blatch, The parents attitude towards the child can either DR. ELLIS R. SHIPP Mrs. Perkins Gilman, Mrs. Ida Charlotte to or this can crush and liiit it. growth, give zest Names of other speakers Infancy is the period when the child acquires Husted Harper. consciousness of its five senses, through which it will be announced later. Has returned to Salt Lake City, and The Local Com gains a knowledge of the things of the world. mittee in New Orleans have planned social located permanently at 713 Second sight-seein- g and features which will add to The Cultivation of the Five Senses: . St., where she will be pleased to the pleasure of the gathering. Corresponmeet her old friends and patrons, and (a) The child puts out its little hand dence solicited. to feel whatever comes in its way, and Kate M. Gordon, will resume the practice of her proCor. Sec. N. A W. S. A. usually puts it in its little mouth What senses are being cultivated in this 2008 Am. Tnxt So. B!dg New York City. fession. The Doctor will also teach Classes in Obstetrics and Nursinjr. manner ? (b) Bright colors attract attention. NOTES AND NEWS. Why ? "Tell how the senses and what Save Your Money! senses may be cultivated by giving the Clubwomen of Idaho are interesting themchild a bright colored ball, with which selves in And when you get a dollar, deposit it securing historical data and mato pound the floor ? with Zion's Savings Rank & Trust from terial have to yho pioneers helped (c) Do proper toys assist in the build the oldest and largest savings Company, up the State. bank in Utah. child's development? Since the establishment of the bank Miss Susan B. Anthony vill soon place (d) Will the mother, who constantly (d) Watch the digestion. Why ? wear clothing well-bein- Obstetrics and Nursing' R. .K THOMAS DRY GOODS CO" 67 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN 0 R NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for your money. ' We aim to give you as """"TR Y U we have opened more than 19.000 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. 