WOMAN'S 52 Woman's Exponent EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one copy one year, 1.00; one. copy six months-5cts. No reduction made (or clubs. City papers deliv-tre- d by mail, extra for postage one year, 2, cts. Each square, ten lines of nonpanel AdTertising rates: space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton. South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every djr, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City. Utah Entered at the Post matter. jecond-clas- s Office in Salt Lake Ctty, Salt Lake City, Utah, December, ( tah, as 1903 EXPONENT us are the same that shed their radiance over the babe in the manger, the echoes of the songs that were sung in the fields of Bethlehem are still ringing down the ages of time; the same moon that heralded the rising of the sun of righteousness looks down upon us who live today. These heavenly bodies witnessed the sojourn of the Redeemer upon earth, they shone on Him in the wilderness, they heard his midnight supplication and rose over his sepulchre in the holy land; a land forever sanctified by his bleeding footsteps. The story is never old, nor tiresome, however oft repeated. Sometimes one can almost hear the shepherds' voices as they sing "Hos-annah- ! hosannah! Hosannah to God in the highest! Peace on earth and good will to good story with a moral lesson, but it is also true, as no doubt many of our readers will recognize. The Daughters of the Rovolution, Utah State Society met on December 16, 1903, anniversary of the Boston Tea Party, at the home of Mrs. Phoebe Young Beatie, First Vice Regent of the Society at 3:30 p. m , Regent Mrs. Isabel M. Whitney Sears presiding. After preliminary exercises the paper of the day, Dolly Madison, was given by Mrs. Almira Murdock de Wolf, of Beaver. A very interesting character sketch and read in a graceful and elegant style. Story by Mary E. Richards Webber was read by Mrs. Beatie, Mrs Webber being necessarily absent. An original poem by Mrs. Susa Young Gates given by Mrs. men." Maria beautiful and the are Young Dougall, completed the prouplifting Many fill hearts our emotions that and gram. Mrs. Beatie's parlors were appropthoughts with praise and gratitude at Christmas riately decorated for the occasion, and refreshments served on time, and would that one could always be china characterized of sublime the that full htlped to make the conversacharity tion exaltablessed the of Savior the mankind; exhilarating and the hours glide swiitly The is tion of feeling that Society is growing in numbers and inspired when one's by. the in the love and whole mind is centred spirit of patriotism is always in praise of God, but we are far from reaching this divine height of excellence; yet many are striving to attain that purity of life and light that will lift them above petty annoyR. S, REPORTS. ances, and help them to live in a purer atPANGUITCH. mosphere. We can never reach such an ecstatic state alone, it must be by ministerThe Panguitch Stake Relief Society coning to those around us and helping them to ference w is held in the Tabernacle at Panstand for the highest and the best, to stand The Gospel we have guitch August 28. 1903, President Elizafor righteousness. beth Di Long presiding. Meeting opened embraced teaches us all these things, and with and roll call and readsinging prayer, let us press forward that we may attain of minutes. were ing given from Reports thereto. Panguitch, Hatch, Heurieville, 0, the magnitude of the work, it seems Escelante, ReHillsdale, Kingston. Cannonville, so little one can do in a lifetime, and yet made by Sisters Barbara Myers, were marks we realize much has already been done by Maria L. Sargent, Hannah I Harris, and those who laid the foundation, and we are Counselor Alice Jane Cameron each spoke learning day by day to help, the Scripture a different subject, teaching of chilsays "They also serve who only stand and upon dren, grain question, labors of the Relief wait," waiting is bard but patience is reof mothers, mothSociety, quired for those who wait and we are told ers' work.responsibilities patience is a virtue, also long suffering and Bishop James B. Heywood spoke upon gentleness. home attractions, good reading, obseiving The prosperity of the Latter-daSaints in the present day is almost beyond belief. the Sabbath day to keep it sacred, counseled Some of us who know the bitter past are the young people to be married in the House of the Lord. simply amazed at the change. It is indeed Sister Elizabeth Haycock bore her testiwonderful to contemplate. We see, howto the truth of the Gospel and Sister ever, the fulfillment of prophecy in these mony H. Clark spoke on mothers' inthings, and the prosperitv of Zion should Margaret cause us to rejoice and sing praises to our fluence, advantage of pure thought and conversation. President Elizabeth De Heavenly Father, who has vouchsafed to good Long gave a report of her trip around the His Saints such blessings. and stake, spoke upon family influence and Christmas is a good time to make manihome surroundings. fest our gratitude by ministering to others Conference adjourned without date, beneand proving our loyalty to the Master diction by Patriarch Joseph L. Heywood. whose natal day we celebrate, giving liberMargaret Haycock, Sec. ally to those in need, whether of food or love or sympathy, remembering raiment, BIG HORN. His words: "Inasmuch as ye have done it The second annual conference of the Reunto the least of these my brethren, ye lief have done it unto me." Society of the Big Horn Stake was held at Cowley, Wyoming, September 11, 1903, "The star that shone in Bethlehem, President Lucy F. Grant presiding. After Shines still and shall not cease; singing, prayer, roll call and minntes of And we listen still for the tidings Of Glory and of Peace." previons conference, the presidents cf the several wards reported conditions temporally and spiritually, all seemed satisfactory and in good working order. EDITORIAL NOTES. President Emma S. Woodruff, of the Most of the space in this number of the Granite Stakp, and who is also a member paper is taken for the story, we hope the of the General Board of the Relief Society, sisters will be satisfied with the departure said she sympathized with the pioneer sisfrom the usual reports and so on. A change ters, had felt very anxious for those who is good occasionally and this is not only a had come hither to colonize, but felt we old-fashion- old-fashion- CHRISTMAS GATHERINGS. One of the blessings of Christmas day consists in the custom of bringing people together, families and friends, In this workaday world what would, we grow to be, if there were not some such times of refreshing as that day affords; the world wonld be barren of real pleasure indeed. We would all become cold and distant, and the charm of blessed intercourse would be a lost art. Even as it is, with the holidays we have and many other reunions, we are not as good to each other, or as friendly as we ought to be. Let us be thankful we have these times and seasons, and to the fullest extent appreciate the friendly greetings, the sweet association, the good cheer, the warm welcome, the grasp of the hand, and good wishes, if it is only that and nothing more. Let us also remember the lonely ones, who have not as much to make life desirable; if our lot has been cast in pleasant places, then so much more is required of us. It is not all in giving good gifts; there is something better even than giving of one's substance, reaching after and lilting up those who are distressed, and who need consolation, sympathy and tenderness. Sometimes the death of ore alters the condition of many and so year after year as time goes on changes may come, and the Christmas festivities may be saddened or even interrupted and then we look back fondly upon the days when the household band was unbroken. Occasionally the ab sence of a part of the family from the home circle makes a difference, if so we should pause and give some thoughts of love to those necessarily away, those, who are perhaps far distant; let us never be forgetful of the loved ones who cannot share with us this Christmas the happy hours. These are things to treasure for a lifetime, out of sight is not always out of mind, it is an expression that needs modifying. There are some remembrances that should mingle in our thoughts every Chris-mathe blessings we are enjoying because of the birth and life, and example of the Redeemer of the world. Let us draw near to Him through the Holy Spirit of life and salvation vouchsafed to us who believe on Him and have partaken of the blessings of the Gospel. It is beautiful to recall his advent into the world, to repeat the sacred story, and to know that the stars which shine above s, y 