WOMAN'S Sacred song invites the Holy Spirit. Prayer invokes the blessings of God. Knowledge obtained by hearing the word of God establishes faith in a child for Him and His EXPONENT She urged the sisters to lay up grain, fo she felt impressed it would.be needed. Sisters Davis, Harvey, Gardner and 15 Rigby society was reported by Sister Cordon as being prosperous; teachers were aiive to their duty, owned their own lot bore Jane excellent testimonies. James and granary. works. Sisters Fowler, Campbell and Nelson President Nelson reported the Howard Faith once firmly rooted is not easily shaken. felt to appreciate the blessings of the GosExtract, Francis M. Lyman. society as building a granary, sewing for pel, they had explained them to many the poor and needy. Ppesident Rebecca C. Rawlins, Counselor Steele enjoyed her labors; enstrangers. Secretary Maria Pond, Sister Mary P. Silver urged all to trust couraged all to do their duty, to attend Com. in the Lord and use the consecrated oil in meetings, adding that by making a little times of sickness and not put so much trust extra effort and exertion we could all do so. in the doctors, but go to the Lord for help Upheld Sister Bennett as an example, beBIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY OF SISTER at times. all ing a woman who had a large family, but HOWE. Sister Hague said she had prayed to the who neyertheless always attended to her Aside from the joyous festivities of the Lord to know the right way, and she was duties. ' Counselor Rockwood was pleased with wedding, there is perhaps no other social at last converted by a Mormon missionary. of W. Sister Kimball the the reports given. Impressed upon the sisLucy spoke gathering which gives more genuine pleassisters the necessity of holding their officers' ure or greater satisfaction than the family Temple work, she and her brother and officiated ter for ten had three thousand brieve the when and of meetings; her labor was a source of joy to reunion, groom her. former days are no longer peering into the hundred and two persons, of their dead; marbe to all the she of future people will urged "What young Meeting closed by singing, "O, say what are but be," expected blessis in ried and their the receive truth ?" Benediction by Brother Bybee. vvith ou been Temple has and "What pride gazing of She there. the quoted sayings ing what is." Afternoon session. After the usual openSuch an occasion was the one arranged Peter, the Apostle, concerning the work for ing exercises, President Bennett spoke conby the children of Sister Julia C. Howe, on the dead. the keeping of proper records and Meeting adjourned with singing, and cerning the 17th of June last, in honor of the 80th encouraged the secretaries in their labors, benediction by Sister Frances Smith. birthday of that estimable lady. advising them to be faithful and careful in Amelia Wardrop, Sec. The ro jins were beautiful with their protheir records. fusion of roses, whose fragrance pervaded The names of the general and local officevery nook. A delicious repast was served, R. S. REPORTS. ers were then presented and unanimously after which the company was grouped upon sustained. BINGHAM STAKE. the lawn to be photographed. Four generSister Lucy Steers, aid to Stake Board, ations were represented in the gathering Minutes of the Quarterly conference of reported the Blackfoot society as holding and it was the first time they had evei the Relief Society of the Bingham Stake of their meetings as regular as possible; all been all together at one time. were united. Ziou, held at Lewisville, Idaho, on SaturThe evening was pleasantly spent in Menan Ward Relief Society was reported May 9, 1903. social conversation by the elders.and games day, There were present of the presidency: by Sister Stevenson, who stated that their by the young people. Many and hearty Sister Emma J. Bennett, President Elvira society was free from debt, had good teachwere the good wishes expressed for the Steele, Counselors Anna Rock wood and ers and a very good society. guest of honor, whose life has been such a Elizabeth Brunt. The yearly report of the society was beautiful example to all who know her. read by Assistant Stake Secretary then m. "RedeemMeeting atioa. Singing, May Booth Talmage. er of Israel." Prayer by President Jas. E. Kate Bennett, and also the treasurer's report Steele. Singing, "Glorious things of thee by Treasurer Alice Boomer. Sister Gilchrist then sang a solo, "O, are spoken." MEETING. LADIES' blest was the day." President Bennett in her opening reCounselor E. Brunt was very sorry over The regular ladies meeting held in the marks prayed that the. Holy Spirit might be fact that they were to lose. Sister Benthe with them during the meeting, and all have 14th ward assembly rooms, Saturday, June as president of the Stake Relief Socinett an enjoyable time together. 30, 1903, was well attended, Counselor E. After the usual President Hannah Coles, of the Milo ety. She had known her now for many J. Stevenson presiding. exercises of singing, prayer and reading of Ward reported the society as being in haryears and had learned to love her and her minutes, Counselor Stevenson addressed mony with their Bishop; owned their own labors in the Stake. Eulogized the benefits that she had brought to the society, and the the meeting. She believed in giving honor granary and lot, and were all united. The Grant Society was reported by Sister efforts that she had expended in the upwhere honor was due, referred to the many we said whe slated they, were united building of it. Hoped that all would susthe in sentiments Bramwell, good sing, hymns she had recently visited San Luis Stake in with the Bishop and were all doing the tain those who would be called to succeed Exhorted the mothers to educate President Margaret her. Colorado, the people there were greatly best that they could. so that they could properly train Rethemselves Ward blessed of the Lord and spoke of their gratiRock the Eagle Shippen reported Reminded all to listen to children. their of band excellent as an lief the tude; they enjoyed reading having Exponent. Society She urged the sisters not to follow after the sisters; believed all w:ere trying to do their the counsel given to them from time to time. fashions of the world, but teach our children duty. Sister Julia Dabell, aid to Stake Board, Annis the to appreciate what they have and not find President Lucy Casper reported boie calatestimony to the worth of the labors of Ward as having had considerable sickness, lault; spoke feelingly of the terrible their do to been able mities taking place nowadays in the world, so that they have not president, and regretted to learn that very have to leave the society. would she started much, until now, when they hoped the Saints might be spared. Presidenf James E. Steele explained that Sister Canie S. Thomas took pleasure again. in hearing the testimonies of the sisters, Iona was reported by President Mary owing to the fact that Sister Bennett had removed with her husband and family back Herbert. Their society had lately been reand spoke of the different opinions of people regarding the Gospel, she felt it to be organized on account of their president to Utah, it was their painful duty to release Were in her from her office here. Stated that it the greatest riches we could have, and that having moved from the ward. was a source of regret to him to see Sister we should seek to have faith in God. very good condition. The Leadville ward was reported by Bennett leaving, as she had been an untirSisters Seamen, Read and Williamson bore testimonies, also Sister Brown thought Counselor Gilchrist, who stated that they ing and faithful worker in the society. we should improve our talents while here had a very energetic band of sisters. Enlogized her zeal and constant attention, President Margaret Clark reported the and stated that she had been able to accomand make a good record. Rudy Society, stating that the y tried to help plish wonders; her duties to the society had Congregation sang "Who are these arin the poor and sick as much as possible; had always been paramount with her, and bewhite." rayed some of their grain, 'eachers were lieved that she left a society that was equal we said loaned all come Sister Jane C. Young to any in the whole of Zion, and he was here for a certain purpose, we should find all doing their duty. ated s the Melissa Barrett that out what it is and do the work, it is not President proud of its standing. Praised the unceasbe'en had faithfully ing energy of the sisters, adding that they good for the people of God to have much Willow Creek Ward sick and and doing accomplished what they set out to do. riches, our children should not complain, looking after their poor Sister Bennett said she felt full of sorrow, for the Lord is displeased with us if we do. the best they could. SEMI-MONTHL- Y h-i- 