WOMAN'S 76 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, as cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpariei dispace one time 2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 507 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS. Entered at the Post ucond-clas- s matter. Salt Office Salt Lake City,L Utah as in Salt Lake City, Lake City, Utah, March, GENERAL CONFERENCE tah, 1903 RELIEF SOCIETY The General Conference of the Relief Society of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints will be held in the Salt Lake 'Assembly Hall, in this city, on Friday, April 3, 1903,, meetings commencing at 10 a. m. and at 2 p. m. It is desired that each Stake should be represented by its president or a counselor or an authorized representative. A cordial invitation is extended to the First Presidency, the Patriarch, Apostles, Bishops and brethren generally to be present and give instructions and encouragement, it is hoped there will be a large attendance of members. Bathsheba W. Smith,, General President. Annie T. Hyde, Ida Smoot Dusenberry. Counselors. THE SEVENTEENTH OF MARCH. The day to be celebrated by the Relief Society in all the world. The anniversary of the organization of an institution that has been a blessing to many thousands, temporally and spiritually; this society has held the women of the Church of Jesus Saints together in Christ of Latter-da- y work of love for the amelioration of all mankind. Its benefits cannot be estimated and its far reaching influence has been potent for good in so many various direc tions and channels, that it has become of world-wid- e celebrity. In every nook and corner of Utah and the region round about as well as in many states and countries, and upon the islands of the sea, this society does its work, plays its part in the great lite drama 01 the Latter-da- y Saints. It is the hope of its General officers that the sisters will make it a day of rejoicing and of gratitude that the Lord inspired the Prophet Joseph to call together and instruct the sisters how to conduct their affairs when assembled, and cultivate those talents and virtues that would tend to elevate them and their offspring, and all who would unite their interests in this society under proper regulations that they might be instrumental in helping the weak, the sick and the needy, and bring all to a higher standard of excellence, purity and right. eousness. One might enumerate extensively the advantages to be gained through being associated in this organization, but time and space will not permit. Meantime we must go on our way helping to establish those principles of life and EXPONENT. salvation that will eventually redeem the world and lead us back into the presence oi our Father in heaven. Conference will soon be here, and then trust every Stake in Zion will be represented and the General President and those associated with her will be informed of the condition of the society in all the surrounding country. For the benefit of the several Stakes the General officers have decided that each Stake president, with her Board and such assistants as she wishes to call to her aid may formulate a systematic plan of work for young mothers, through lectures given under the supervision of the Relief Society presidents in all the various wards in the respective Stake. It is also the express wish of the President that such plan should be sent to the General Secretary to be submitted to the General officers and Board, and if approved, published in the Woman's Exponent that all may have the opportunity of knowing the character of the work undertaken in each Stake of Zion. The several plans will undoubtedly cover a wide jange of subjects to be treated upon and will add variety to the nature of the meetings, making them of even greater interest, it is ardently hoped, and awakening the young mothers to the need of spirit ual effort in the training of the little ones in the earliest stages of infancy and child we hope and would succumb to the sorrow and disappointment, but she bore up bravely and seemed to rally aiterwards, but finally pneumonia set in and notwithstanding all that faith and skill and constant care could do, she fell asleep to wake no more on this earth February 28, 1903, at naif past three p. m. Her funeral was held at the residence ot her father on Thursday, March 3, at 2 p. m., President Seymour B. Young having charge of the services. Beautiful in her bridal dress, fair as a lily she lay in the white casket embowered in flowers, the gifts of loving relatives and friends. The music, prayers and remarks were all of a soothing and comforting nature; and the rooms were filled with sorrowing friends and dear ones with breaking hearts and spirits bowed down with grief. Clara Clapson Benedict was a charter member of the State Society D. R., and was its first secretary. The members of the D. R. sent a unique floral tribute representing the society badge in blue and yellow flowers, they also had the grave lined with flowers, a memento of the love and esteem in which she was held by the society. A memorial letter was sent with the floral tribute, signed by the Regent and Corresponding Secretary. RELIEF SOCIETY NURSES' CLASS. hood. IN MEMORIAM. "So! by scattered ruins, By sweet links unbound. By fair blossoms all unheeded, Trampled on the ground; So, He brings them home to Him, Where no cloud their joy can dim !' ' One of the saddest deaths of recent date was that of Mrs. Clara Clawson Benedict A beautiful young woman happy and be loved, almost adored by those of her own household, snatched away just when life seemed most desirable. Hard indeed it must be for the young husband, whose plans were all for their future enjoyment in the home; it seems like a horrible tragedy, yet it must be borne in humility snd resig nation for the Father willed it so, otherwise it would never have been. "We, too, shall come to the riverside One by one, We are nearer its waters each eventide One by one." Dear Clara with her little babe on her to breast has eone her mother and manv " j loved ones who will welcome her gladly on that golden shore where there is no more sorrow or parting lorevermore. Clara Clawson was born in this city, February 26, 1877. She was the daughter of Spencer Clawson and of Nabbie Young Clawson. Her girlhood was a happy one without a care until the death of her mother some years ago, when she assumed the cares of the family life at home, until her marriage to Dr. Chauncey F. Benedict, October 29, 1901, and even after her marriage she watched over her younger sisters and brothers with the tenderest solicitude. She was a great favorite with all her young friends, possessing so many lovely and attractive qualities of person aod of mind. Mrs. Benedict had a son born February 8, which lived only two days; he was named Joseph Clawson Benedict. It was feared at the time that the young mother The Nurses' Class organized under the direction of the general superintendent, Mrs. Emma Empey, with Phebe Y. Beatie, secretary and treasurer, and Dr. Margaret C. Roberts instructor, has been doing good work and the ladies are making excellent progress in their studies, according to the statement of Dr. Roberts, who is, of course, the best posted on the subject. It is a great satisfaction to the general officers of the Relief Society to know that such favorable advancement is being made because the first duty of the society is to care for the poor, the needy and unfortunate, and in order to be equipped for this work there is need of competent nurses, not only in large cities, but in country places, and almost more need in new colonies. Prof. J. H. Paul, of the L. D. S. University very kindly arranged for the Nurses' Class of the General Relief Society to attend the lectures on physiology taught in that institution by Dr. Anderson, also the lectures in hygiene by Mrs. Miller. This was highly appreciated by Dr. Roberts, as it is essential to understand these subjects in order to be intelligent nurses. Mrs. Priscilla J. Riter has also given a few lectures as introductory to the lectures to be given by her later, on cooking. The doctor says that in another month she will have her class so far advanced that she will have other physicians and surgeons lecture to them. She expresses herself as being delighted with the progress The class will close the class is making. sometime in June. We have not space to publish all toe names of the students, but will give the Stakes of Zion from which they have been sent: Alpine, Benson, Cassia, Cache, Davis, Emery, Granite, Hyrum, Jordan, Kanab, Malad, Willard, Oneida, Panguitch, Sanpete, Sevier, Snowflake, Salt Lake, St. George, St. Johns, Star Valley, Summit, Tooele, Utah, Weber and Wayne. There are eighty-seve- n students, representing Utah, Idaho, Arizona, Wyoming 