Woman s xponent The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should he a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER, Vol. 32 CONTENTS, Simplicity In Memoriam Report from Tooele Stake. Notes E. R. Snow 26 26 26 27 27 27 29 39 .. Lillian Gillespie The Baby The Leaves Are Falling Notes and News History of the Relief Society. Mothers' Work Dr. Ellis R. Shipp R. S. Reports J. Q. C. Aunt Era. E . . . B. Wells Lillie Freeze Editorial Relief Society Conference Zion is Growing Editorial Notes D. R. Society Poetry 25 31 32 28 28 28 29 Bathsheba W. Smith The Conflict Emmeline B. Wells Addie Hurd Richards BATHSHEBA THE ELECT 25 27 V. SMITH. I, ADV. I know thee well, thy sterling worth, And thy pure heart, so free from guile, Thy rich inheritance of birth, Thy girlish fancies, as erstwhile Thy youthful days fled on apace, Giving thee symmetry and grace. And riding over hill and dale Mounted on horseback, bridle free, Facing the storms of wind and gale, Thus gaining health and energy To brave life's battles, and to be Fitted for thy great destiny, The Gospel came to thee in youth. And thou wert ready to receive The welcome tidings of the truth, And in those principles believe. Which to a Prophet had been given. Reveal' d through messengers fromheav'n. A youthful lover came to woo The fair young Bathsheba for wife, A faithful man, honest and true, One to be trusted throughout life; Soon plighted vows were interchanged. And wedding nuptials were arranged. And now in ripest womanhood Ve see the glory in her face, Which proves how bravely she withstood All trials with becoming grace, Known only to a Saint of God, Who's pass'd beneath the chast'ning rod. Emmeline B. Wells. re-.vo- IN ZION. We are said to be creatures of habit We certainly are so to a great extent. We are all, more or less, stamped with the same dye of education combined with the circumstances of early life, which constitute our individual cast; by which we are fitted by certain opinions and prejudices, and bound to certain habits and customs, until we really become sterotyped in practice. When we enter the school of Jesus Christ the sooner we can divest ourselves, or become divested of traditional cast the sooner we throw off the stereotyped edition of hold ourselves, and like a plain proof-sheeourselves subject to correction in all things, and like little children be ever ready to re ceive and adopt whatever tends to improvement, the greater will be our attainment towards that point which the Savior enjoined on His disciples, saying, "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father in heaven is perfect." To this end we need to cultivate that truthful simplicity which like a clear sunbeam affords an extension of vision far, far surpassing the utmost stretch of all the telescopes of that ostentatious formality, which clothes the affectation of greatness with which the world abounds; while using." t, simplicity exhibits the burnished gem, with all its native lustre and brilliancy undiminished, yet improved by the sculp-lor'- s art. This feature was beautifnlly in the character of Jesus Christ life upon the earth. His origihis during and worth nal dignity reSensible artificial of His no support. quired and for and the own superiority greatness, be satisfied to He what was, He time being, of trouble endeavoring spared Himself the to make everybody understand and acknowledge it. The life of Joseph Smith, also, was a striking illustration of the beauty of simplicity, as all will testify who had the honor of his personal acquaintance. But we are under no necessity of referring to those who once lived; we have plenty of living examples, both of male and female, and they, are ia our midst, for the greatest and the best on earth are here, the opinion of the world to tbe contrary notFor instance, is there a withstanding. greater than Brigham Young ? Is there one on whom rests a broader fold of imperial dignity, as recognized by the upper nobility ? (By the way we do not consult And is the opinion of the lower courts.) of there a more striking example plainness and simplicity ? Does not this very simplicity in him, beget love and admiration in the hearts of this people ? I always feel to shrink from the cold formality that heartless affectation of dignity, where thought and feeling and every self-possess- Two souls who lov'd each other well, United truly, heart and hand, To found a home wherein to dwell, Where love should rule, the one command, Together ever, come what may, To journey on along life's way. Sweet were the hours at eventide When labor o'er, the day's work done, They sat together side by side And planned the future for each one, That might be given to them here, The children, they might have to rear. In peace the years sped swiftly by. Though many changes with them came; Travels and journeyings; thereby A rich experience and honor' d" name, A life replete with happiness. Treading the path of righteousness I would this story I might give In verse befitting such a Jheme. That through the ages it miht live A synonym of "love's young dream," Fulfilled in part while dwelling here, To finish in another sphere. her when a fair young bride, Again with baby in her arms, The happy father at her side, Her face all radiant with charms. makes fairer still That mother-lov- e Than aught beside, say what you will. I saw No. 4 native charm, are hid beneath the cumbrous appendages of the so called etiquette of fashionable life. It seems too much like penetrating beneath, or unwinding the sixty-fou- r thicknesses of envelop to find the Egyptian mummy; and when you find it, you only find a stiff, dried up, lifeless substance, at which every feeling would lt to recognize as the representative of once breathing, noble humanity. True dignity is self supported, and real greatness is never straining for its own exhibition. It certainly is desirable to be divested of that kind of tall importance which requires constant propping and splicing to sustain its position. That is too expensive, it will not I think it must be pay its own passage. one of those things that "perish with the SIMPLICITY. TO THE SAINTS 1903 Ever delighted with the beauties of nature, I like to see nature cultivated and improved but not obliterated however elevated and refined, let nature be nature still in every department, both in the productions of the earth and in the vast varieties exhibited throughout animate and inanimate existence. I love simplicity. I like things to seem I what they are and be what they seem. love the artless exhibition of unaffected childhood; and regard simplicity in a child, not as a frightful exuberance a something peculiar to, and only to be tolerated in the infantile season, which, like the transient verdure of spring, must disappear before the summer solstice and give place to more substantial productions; but as an inherent attribute of real goodness, that should be tenderly cherished a plant that should be cultivated for all eternity, and constitute a prominent characteristic in every season of life. If we are pleased with its charms in childhood, it calls forth our admiration when delineated in manhood; for when does greatness appear so truly great as when clothed with the mantle of simplicity ? We happen to be situated at the farther-es- t, lowest extremity of things, called degen-racand with all the boasted light and knowledge of the age, the human family is blind and ignorant with regard to genuine worth and true greatness. They call good evil and evil good; and I would ask what of all substances on earth is more subject to idiotic metamorphosing and artificial mummy fying, than that of the human kind ? We suffer our tongue to play the truant with our thoughts our bodies to be weakened and disfigured by the arbitrary power of degenerating, corrupt Babylonish fashions our health destroyed and our lives shortened through a silly and guilty perversion of dietic observances. The laws of nature are set at defiance, while wisdom and simplicity are laughed to scorn, and common sense looked out of countenance. We all have been and still are trammeled with these mockeries of life. Yes, here in Zion we are affectionately hugging to our bosoms the prepossessions of Gentile tuition, caressing the customs of the past, which have been instrumental in lessening the tide of human life to its lowest ebb, and y; . 