WOMAN'S EXPONENT lent memory, and was trained in habits of industry, was a fine seamstress and naturShe emally of a religious turn of mind. braced the Gospel when a young girl and was baptized by Elder James Blakely in Soon after she went to the city of 1842. Nauvoo, where she became acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith, of whose divine mission she testified as long as she lived. She accepted the principle of plural marriage and became the wife of President KeberC. Kimball, with whom she received all the blessings of the new and everlasting covenant in the Nauvoo Temple. Sister Mary Ellen was a woman of great humility, and was a natural teacher; she taught school in the little school house built by Brother Kimball during the first years of the settlement in this valley, and was for many years a teacher in the Sunday Schools in the different wards wheie she resided. All the children loved her, she was especially adapted to this class of teaching. She was ot a benevolent and sympathetic disposition and charitable in the best sense of the word, the "charity that thinketh no ill." Sue was for many years a teacher in the Relief Society, in fact, ever after its organization in Salt Lake City as long as she was able to visit. While a resident of the 14th ward she was courselor to the pres:dentof the Primary Association, and her judgment could always be depended upon. She possessed indeed many of the rarest and best womanly virtues. Sister Mary Ellen was a contributor for years to the columns of the Exponent writing much over the signature of "Zion's Convert." Her writings were always upon Gospel subjects. She was very fond of the Book of Mormon and made it a theme of some of her essays. Sister Mary Ellen was a consistent Latter-daSaint, never murmuring under the mot adverse circumstances or severe trials. She was one of the pioneers of 1847, cross iug the plains from the Missouri river that year in the company that followed the pioneers, enduring all the fatigue ot that tedious and arduous journey. She was also one who shared in the memorable exodus from Nauvoo in the dead of winter, 1846 Her life was made up of sacrifices, yet she never repined; always faithful and y true. Though she loved children and had the motherly tenderness developed in a large degree, she was only given one, 2. boy named Peter, who died in infancy, therefore we may say her long life was a consecration to the good of others and to the Latter-day work. Sister Mary Ellen Kimball passed away peacefully without much pain or suffering, dearly beloved by all who knew her. The funeral services were held in the Twelfth Ward meeting house, on Friday October 31, at 2 o'clock p. m , Bishop H. B. Claw-so- n President Joseph F. Smith presiding. was one of the speakers and paid a glowing tribute to her memory, as did also President Seymour B. Young, of the Presidency of the Seventies, and others. The music was sweet and soothing and there were many floral gifts from dear and loving friends. We cannot mourn for such a Saint. We know her rest is sweet and that she will come forth in the morning oi the first resurrection clothed with immortality; glori- ous thought, and dwell forever with those loved wije her? 90 earth. Beyond life's trials, Its hopes and joys, its weariness and sorrow; Its sleepless nights, its days of smiles and tears, Will be a long, sweet night unmarked by years, One bright unending morrow Beyond life's troubled stream, Beyond the chilling waves of death's dark river, ! Beyond life's lowering clouds and fitful gleams, Its dark realities and brighter dreams, A beautiful forever. Sister Ruth A. Reese Kimball c eparted this life at her home N. East Temple Street on the evening of November 26, 1902. Sister Kimball was born at Beaverville, Penn., May 19, 1818, but as has been previously stated, was living in Utica, New York, at the time she heard and embraced the Gospel, and where she was baptized in 1842. Afterwards she went to Nauvoo, where she was taught the principle of plural marriage and was married to President Heber C. Kimball. She was one of those who left Nauvoo at the time of the exodus in midwinter and shared in all the hardships of that perilous journey from that beautiful city to Winter Quarters. There she endured with others the suffering incident to the period, uncomplainingly and with heroic fortitude. Sister Ruth was one who was ever willing to lend a helping hand in times of need and sickness, a kindly heart, generous impulses and unbounded sympathy with the unfortunate and sorrowing. "None knew her but to love her," and she was indeed greatly beloved in the Kimball family; she was a woman best known in her own home circle, being of a domestic nature and a retiring disposition She was the mother of three children, one daughter and two sons; one son, Enoch, when grown to manhood accidently shot himself while out hunting, which was a great loss and sorrow. Sister Kimball was a most affectionate mother, and the untimely death of her only living son seemed almost more than she could bear, but she bravely "passed under the rod," and trusting in an alwise God. acknowledged His hand even in this sore trial. Twelve years ago she was afflicted with b'indiess, brought on, it is said, by her constant attendance upon the sick. Her patience under this terrible ordeal, her sublime resignation has been a perfect marvel to those who were ever witnesses of her fortitude. Although shut in, as it were, from participating in all th enjoyments that seem necessary to happiness here, yet Sister Kimball preserved that serenity of character that lifted her above the common realities of everyday concerns. She lived in a higher and better atmosphere, and to all who came to see her she testified of the Such examples of truths of the Gospel sublime courage should be impressed upon Dear the hearts cf the youth of Zion. Aunt Ruth, she was inched a Saint, and beloved of all who knew her. She was tenderly cared for during all the years of her blindness, by relatives who anticipated every want and need and ministered as they would have done to their own mother. And for these blessed ministrations of love may they be rewarded a hundredfold. Sister Ruth has gone into the blessed mansions where there is no darkness. No long, dark night is there, No light from sun or silvery moon is given; But Christ, the Lamb of God, all bright and fair. Illumes the city with effulgence rare, The glorious light of heaven ! Sister 'Kimball's funeral services were 61 held in the Eighteenth Ward chapel, Bishop Orson F. Whitney presiding. The remarks by the speakers were loving tributes of praise to her memory, and beautiful floral offerings adorned the casket that contained the mortal remains of this sainted woman. She has passed from death into life. Of both, these dear sisters and mothers in Israel what more can be said than "Blessed are the dead that die in the Lord, yea from henceforth, they rest frcm their lab rs and their works do follow them." GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS TO THE RELIEF SOCIETY. There is no study more important than thot of child and mother study, for long before the majority of mothers are conscious of the fact the child's ideas of life, of right, of duty, of pleasure, ot usefulness, are receiving a bent which all the education of schools and colleges caunot uproot, hence we suggest mothers' meetings as a very important addition to every Relief Society organization, forahandftl of earnest women can create an influence in a community which is unlimited in its foice. If you examine carefully the instructions given by the Prophet Joseph to the first the Relief Society you will organization find rules and regulations sufficient to successfully carry ou all gatherings according to parliamentary law. The president of each Relief Society should select a live, energetic woman to take charge of these department meetings, and allow her to choose two or more assistants forming :a committee of three, and with them should plan a course of study to meet the needs of the people with whom she is working. Whenever possible, obtain the services of a lecturer who has given the work special Encourage discussion, for you study. very often gain valuable information from experienced mothers. Seek information on these subjects from educational books and journals, besides the Church journals we would recommend the kindergarten magazines, a little monthly journal known as Motherhood, one (by name) Educational Foundations. Books: Miss Harrison's Child Nature, Radell's Child Culture, the Latter-daSaints Church His lory and The Child's History of Joseph Smith, the Prophet. ! GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS. In the minutt s of the first organization of the Society it is very noticeable that President Joseph Smith stated that meetings were to be conducted according to parliamentary usages; in fact, quoting his own words from the record kept by Sister EHza R. Snow, the secretary, President Smith said, "When one wishes to speak, address the chair and the chairman responds to the ' address. ' "Should two speak at once, the chairman decides who speaks first, if anyone is dissatisfied she appeals to the house." "When one has the floor she occupies it as long as she wishes, (unless the tirre is limited) The proper manner of address is Mrs. Chairman, or Mrs. President, and not Mr. Chairman, etc." "A question can never be put uutil it has a second; when the subject for discussion has been fairly investigated, the chairman will say, "Are you ready for the question ? Whatever the majority of the house decide upon becomes a law to the Society." 