WOMAN'S 20 their own families and none for their neigh- Woman's Exponent bors. As EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, i.oo; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel space one time $2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at Second-clas- s the Post matter. Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Salt Lake City. Utah, August, 1903 THE DAY IN WHICH WE LIVE. Most people will agree with the writer this is a momentous age, and that there is is much to be accomplished in so short a time, and so many events transpiring that bring with them work and responsibility, that one is almost dazed by the accumulation of what must be accomplished in a given time. No wonder the phrase "a strenuous life" has become proverbial. But after all is it worth while ? One cannot help thinking it is positively wrong, yet we rush on just the same; it is the tendency xf the age, and we drift into these ways of rushing and hurrying. We partake of the spirit of our surroundings perhaps; there are so many currents of electricity brought into exercise to promote and propel this and that enterprise and undertaking that men and women, it may be unawares, are trying to keep pace with the elements around them. More work can be done by machinery run by electricity, and yet there seems to be no leisure for the workers, after all; however there is more work to be done, the ious ways of living and of dressing create work, and then there are more people, and there are various reasons why there is more work than formerly. We look back to the more primitive way of living and wonder how we did so much work, and yet taking hold of the matter seriously we do more work now as a whole than we did then, even if we do talk about the spinning, weaving and dyeing, the sewing and darning that have all gone out of fashion now, save perhaps the darning, when we buy mostly ready-mad- e clothing, and what sewing is done machinery helps us to do quickly. Can any body tell us what use is made of our time ? We ourselves are busy, all our friends are busy, even the doctors and lawyers are hurried, and we are all, more or less, in the habit of saying, we have no time to visit. Will some wise acre answer these questions ? We even let those we love drift away from us, because we do not have time to sympathize with them in their affairs,and know how they feel and ho w it fares with them in this workaday world. Is there a way to economize time and make our lives more desirable, both to and others ? By the bye, it is not only women who have this feeling that they are not'doing all they ought, but men complain that they have scarcely time to become fagjijjar with our-selv- EXPONENT es Saints we really da more than almost any other people, at any rate we are apt to think so, and in some respects we certainly do. We give time to the public in a general way certainly, and some read and study a great deal; formerly women read comparatively little, and as for study it was only the simplest rudiments, nowadays homes are filled with reading matter and every family has newspapers and so far so good, and the people as a whole are more intelligent than heretofore. Women especially, to say nothing of men, who certainly have more bachelor degrees (and there are also more bachelors) and also several other kinds of degrees, as well as numerous titles. Women have taken up various kinds of work not known in the past history of the world, and then Latter-da- y Saint women. have Temple work extra from all other women. This is a beautiful work and one that is uplifting in its nature and tendency and very satisfying. It could It is a delightful scarcely be otherwise. the Church can in sisters our that thought to dedicated the Lord and to the go Temple officiate there for the living and the dead and find such joy and consolation as no one can know who has not been in these holy places. It is to be ardently desired that the spirit . of unrest or hurry, or whatever it is that is prevalent now, may not plunge people into a very serious state of ill manners, or lack of good fellowship, which would certainly be lamentable, but that in course of time the folly of being so regardless of common civility may cause the majority, at least, to return to the old method of greeting one's friends and neighbors, aud that the telephone fashion of saying "Hallo" will go out of fashion with cultured people and that young girls and young men will be more "proper" and ceremonious to each other than to accost each other as they do nowadays with a loud "hallo" when they happen to meet on the street, or even in what they term "polite society." A little more consideration for another's feelings, and perchance even a little more regard for etiquette (that some people pretend to despise) might give more genuine pleasure than so much familiarity in manner and freedom in speech. Latter-da- y ANNUAL MEETING D. R. The annual meeting of the Utah State Society Daughters ot the Revolution was held on Wednesday, June 10, 1903, at 3 p. m., in the society headquarters, Templeton The room was Building, in this city. colors in the blue and draped society buff and their handsome new flag displayed conspicuously for the occasion. Yellow roses, also red and white, and carnations, etc. in abundance gave a festive appearance to the place of meeting. Regent, Mrs. Julia M. Farnsworth in the chair. After prayer, reports were given by the several retiring officers and then followed the election of officers for the ensuing year: Regent, Mrs. Isabel M. Whitney Sears; t, first Mrs. Phebe Y. Beatie; Mrs. Myra Y. Rossiter; second Miss Catharine Wells; assistant secretary, Miss Mabelle secretary, Snow; corresponding secretary, Miss Florence Scholes; nr r 1:. i ncasuici, mia. v,aiuc ttx. Uiluun; iegisttar, Mrs. Maria Y. Dougall; historian, Mrs. E. vice-regen- vice-regen- t, chaplain, Mrs. Julia P. M. Farnsworth. At a special meeting held July 3, for the transaction of important business on account of the demise of the treasurer, Mrs. Elizabeth R. Wright was appointed to fill the vacancy caused by the sudden death of Mrs. Caroline Y. Cannon, and the society expressed their great sorrow at her loss in fitting terms and decided to send a floral emblem and to attend the funeral services in a body. The first regular meeting of the society after the summer vacation will be held on Wednesday, September 16, at the residence of the regent, Mrs. Isabel M. Whitney Sears, at Thorndike, East Waterloo, at 3 p. m., the usual hour, and it is desired that there be a full attendance of officers and members. B. Wells; EDITORIAL NOTES. The pen sketch of Sister Mary A. Freeze given in this number of the woman's paper was written about seven years ago; and since that time Sister Freeze has done much She has been released public seivice. from presiding Over the Young Ladies' Associations in Salt Lake Stake and is a member of the General Board of the Y. L. M. I. A., and travels extensively in the several stakes of Zion. She is a pleasing and interesting speaker and is a great favorite, not only as a speaker, but as a friend. Her mother is still living at the years. ripe age of eighty-eigh- t The stakes of Zion which have had official visits from the General Board of the Relief Society since April, are as follows: Granite, President Batbsheba W. Smith and Counselor Annie T. Hyde. San' Luis, Sisters Susan Grant and E. J. Stevenson. Uintah, Sister Emma S Woodruff. Emery, Counselor Annie T. Hyde and Sister Mary T. Smith. Box Elder, Counselor Annie T. Malad, SisHyde and Carrie S. Thomas. ters Clarissa S. Williams and Hattie B. Harker. Panguitch, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp Salt Lake, and Sister Lydia D. Alder. President B. W. Smith and Counselor A. T. Hyde. Oneida, Sisters E, J. Stevenson and M. A. Caine. Cassia, Sisters M. LG. Richards. Pocatello, A. Caine and L. Sisters Susan Grant and M. A. Caine. Utah, President B. W. Smith, Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry and Sister E. B. Wells. Nebo, Sisters Elizabeth S. Wilcox and Lydia D. Alder. Sevier, Sisters Phebe Y. Beatie and Alice M. Home. South Sanpete, Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry and Sister Rebecca E. Little. North Sanpete, the same sisters. Alpine, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp and Sister Carrie S. Thomas. Juab, Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry and Sister M. A. Caine. Jordan, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp and L. D. Alder. Bear Lake, Sisters E. J. Stevenson, L. D. Alder. Star Valley, same sisters. Bannock, Counselor Annie T. Hyde and Sister Emma S. Woodruff. FreWoodruff, Sisters mont, the same sisters. E. B. Wells and H. B. Harker. Benson, Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry and Sister Carrie S. Thomas. Davis, President B. W. Smith and Counselor?Annie T. Hyde. San Juan, Sister E. B. Wells. Cache, President Jane S. Richards and Sister S. J. Cannon. Hyrum, the same sisters. Alberta, Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry and Sister Rebecca E. Little, Wayne, Sister Margaret A, Caine. Bingham, Dr. EUis R. Shipp - 