WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 78 gape at those who are doing the will of God. You need not be teasing your husbands because of their deeds, but let the weight of your innocence, kindness and affections be felt, which is more mighty than a millstone hung about the neck; not war, not jangle, not contradiction or dispute, but meekness, love, purity these are the things that should magnify you in the eyes of all good men. A change must be brought to light, iniquity must be purged out from the midst of the Saints; the veil will be rent and the blessings of heaven will flow down they will roll down like the Mississippi river. If this society listens to the counsel of the Almighty, through the hads of the Church, they shall have power to command queens in their midst. I now deliver it as a prophecy, if the in-itants of this state with the people of the surrounding country, will turn unto the Lord with all their hearts, ten years will not roll around before the kings and queens of t!ie earth will come unto Zion and pay their respects to the leaders of j.this people they shall come with their millions and shall contribute of their abundance for the relief of the poor, and the building up and beautifying of Zion. After this instruction you will be responsible for your own sins; it is a desirable honor thatyou should so walk before our heavenly Father as to save yourselves. We are all responsible to God for the manner we improve the light givenby our Lord to enable us to saveourselves. He then commenced to read the xiii chapter of Corinthians: "Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels and have not .charity, I am become as sounding brass or as tinkling cymbal;" and said "Dont be limited in your views in regard to your neighbor's virtues, but beware of and be limited in the estimate of your own virtues, and not consider yourself more righteous than others; you must enlarge your souls towards each other if you would do like Jesus, and carry your fellow creatures to Abram's bosom." He forsaid he had manifested bearance and patience toward the Church, and also to his enemies, and we must bear with each other's failings, as an indulgent parent bears with the foibles of his children. President Smith then read the 2nd verse, "Though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing." He then said, though a man should become mighty, do great things, overturn mountains, perform mighty works and should then turn from his high position and do evil, to eat and drink with the drunken, all his former deeds will not save him, but he would go to destruction ! As you increase in innocence and virtue, as you increase in goodness, let your hearts expand, let them be enlarged towards others; you must be long suffering, and bear with the faults and errors of mankind. How precious are the souls of men ! The female part of the community are apt to be contracted in their views. You must not be contracted, you must be liberal in your feelings. Let this society teach women how to behave towards their husbands, to treat them with mildness and affection. When a man is borne down with trouble, when he is perplexsd with care and diffi L , ss, long-sufferi- ng ness. Said parents should be careful how hey talk and act before their children, for what we sow we shall reap. Urged all of the young sisters to come to the Relief Society meetings, that they might learn from observation. The Lord is always willing to assist us. Spoke of the faith of the woman who touched the hem of the Savior's garments and was made whole. Sisters E. E. Squires, F. Smith, Martha Reed, Soderburg and Brown, bore their testimonies: Sister Christensen felt tc ask the Lord for His spirit to guide her. She had a very sick boy and was told that an operation must be performed, but felt if the sisters would give her their faith and prayers he could be healed without the operation. Sisters Kindle and Wardrop bore excellent testimonies and related some interesting incidents. Sister Martha Morris sang "Redeemer of culty, if he can meet a smile instead of an argument or a murmur if he can meet with mildness it will calm down his soul and sooth his feelings; when the mind is going to despair, it needs a solace of affection and kindness. You will receive instruction through the order of the Priesthood which God has established, through the medium of those appointed to lead, guide and direct the affairs of the Church in this last dispensation, and I now turn the key in your behalf in the natre of the Lord, and this society shall rejoice and knowledge and intelligence shall flow down from this time henceforth; this is the beginning of better days to the poor and needy, who shall be made to rejoice and pour forth blessings on your heads. When you go home never give a cross or unkind word to your husbands, but let kindness, charity and love crown your works henceforward; don't envy the finery and fleeting show of sinners, for they are in a miserable situation, but as far as you can, have mercy on them; for in a short time God will destroy them, if they will not repent and turn unto Him. Let yotr labors be mostly confined to those around you, in the circle of your own acquaintance, as far as knowledge is concerned it may extend to all the world; but your administrations should be confined to the circle of your immediate acquaintances, and more especially to the members of the Relief Society. Those ordained, to preside over and lead you, are authorized to appoint the different officers, as the circumstances shall require. If any have a matter to reveal, let it be in your own tongue, do not indulge too much iu the gift of tongues, or the devil will take advantage of the innocent and unwary. You may speak in for own your comfort, but I lay it tongues down for a rule, that if anything is taught by the gift of tongues, it is not to be received for doctrine. President Smith then gave instruction respecting the propriety of females administering to the sick by the prayer of faith, the laying on of hands or the anointing with oil, said it was according to revelation that the sick should be nursed with herbs and with mild food, and not by the hand of an enemy. Who are better qualified to administer than our faithful and zealous sisters, whose hearts are full of faith, tenderness, sympathy and compassion ? No one. Said he was never placed in similiar circumstances before, and never had given the same instruction; and closed his instructions by expressing his heartfelt satisfaction in improving this opportunity. The Spirit of the Lord was poured out in a very powerful manner, never to be forgotten by those present on this interesting Israel." Sisters Rachel Latham, Sarah Williams and Davis bore faithful testimonies. Sisters Perry, Castleton and James felt to trust in the Lord, we should try to comfort one another and said many good things. Sister Brown and other sisters sang "How firm a foundation." Sister Silver related a circumstance of a child having fits being healed through a sister speaking in tongues The interpretation of the tongue was that the child should be taken to the Temple andbaptlzed and he would be healed. Sister Silver advised Sister Christensen to take her son to the Temple and have him baptized and he would be healed. Urged all to live their religion and trust in consecrated oil. Sister Winberg bore her testimony. Meeting adjourned for four weeks. Singing,, and benediction by Sister Silver. Amelia Wardrop, OBITUARIES. FRANCES SEMI-MONTHL- Y country. Her husband, Junius Crosland, died and was buried on the plains, leaving her with foursmall children, the youngest an infant a few days old. She crossed the plains with ox teams in President Jacob Gates company and located in Salt Lake City. At the time of the move she came to Pleasant Grove, where she made the acquaintance of and married Williams H. Adams. Sister Adams was the mother of seven children, MEETING. y The Ladies Meeting was held in the 14th ward hall, February 28, 1903, Counselor E. J. Stevenson presiding! Singing, "For the strength of the hills we bless thee." Prayer by Sister Emily E. Squires. Singing, "O say what is truth." Minutes of previous meeting read and accepted. Counselor E. J. Stevenson referred to the message to Hezekiah concerning his keeping the commandments of the Lord: how his life was prolonged through his faithful n e grandchildren and great grandchildren, a veritable mother in Israel. She was of a peaceable quiet disposition, very patient and prompt in all htr duties, both in her home and for the Church. She made the sacrament bread for the ward for twenty-fiv- e Was a faithyears. ful teacher in the Relief Society for thirty-fiv- e years, and was especially noted for visiting the sick and attending to their needs, bringing peace, joy and comfort to the afflicted; was ever ready to assist in caring for the dead, her presence was as an angel of peace and mercy. She cheerfully obeyed every call and her faith in the Gospel was unswerving to the end. We feel that in her death our society sustains the loss of a faithful worker and a consistent Latter-da- v Saint. Sarah Foutz, fifty-seve- ! Semi-monthl- ANN ADAMS. With feelings of sorrow we record the death of our beloved sister, Frances Ann Adams, which occurred on January 23, 1903, at her home in Pleasant Grove, Utah Co. Sister Adams was born in London, England. February 8, 1826. She was converted to the Gospel in her native land and with her husband and family started for Utah in 1853. She was baptized on shipboard while crossing the sea to this occasion. LADIES' Sec. ritty-tnre- President, Amy Rozsa, Rose B. Hayes, Committee. MARTHA K. KEESLEY. Sketch and resolutions of respect to the memory 