WOMAN'S S3 Thus it will be seen that the Prophet gave thetn a lesson, as it were, iu parliamentary law. It is desired that the sisters observe this rule in all - meetings where business is transacted, and become accustomed to the practice. The Prophet also said: "Let the presidency serve as a constitution, all their decisions be considered law and acted upon as such; the minutes of your meetings will be precedents for you to act upon your constitution and law." CARE OF RELIEF SOCIETY j WHEAT. many letters of inquiry are sent to us concerning the wheat gathered and cared for by the Society, that it seems necessary to give special instructions on this subject. Whenever the sisters have wheat on hand that needs to be chmged, because of not being in good condition, and they are at a loss to know what to do with it, it is advisable to loan it to reliable persons with the understanding that it be returned with one peck on the bushel interest added, and the Bishop or some one or two business men to become security for the loan. This If it is agreement should be in writing. sold instead of being loaned, there must.be no speculating, as the wheat is for a certain scheme. purpose and not a money-makin- g Of course if wheat is selling at a certain price, aud by buying again you can get a larger quantity because the price is lower, there could be no harm, but if the wheat is goad enough to brin? a high price there seems to be no good reason for its being sold Any fanner could show you how to scatter unslacked lime among the wheat to The wheat should be keep out weevils. turned over or shifted from one b n to another at least once a year, and that helps very materially to keep it in good condition. Where the Society has money on hand which has been donated to buy wheat, the president should purchase the wheat and see that it is taken care or properly, instead of keeping the money on hand, as it. is wheat that will be wanted when scarcity or famine comes and not the money. It is a source of satisfaction to those interested in these things, to note how faithful the sisters have been in obeying the counsel in regard to saving wheat, and in using every effort, seemingly, to build bins and granaries in which to store the wheat against a time of need. So duly notified when the time comes to commence the work. We who preside over the Society fully appreciate the spirit of liberality in which the sisters have contributed heretofore, aud not one cent of their money will be made use of for any other purpose than the building. We sincerely hope that the members ot the Society will continue to be interested in this grand enterprise and realize that they are not only building for themselves, but for their posterity, and that each one who has taken part in this laudable undertaking may not only have part and portion therein, but have her name enrolled in the archives of the building when it is erected, rhat she may be known among future generations as one of its founders aud patrons. SERICULTURE. fluence those around them both by precept and example to do the same. DEPARTMENTS The article relating to Nurses' classes explains very clearly that matter; and the one which gives the method of starting Mothers' meetings in connect on with the Relief Society. There are also other departments to be added. Domestic Science, including cooking, should be considered in a department under the suspices of the Relief Society, and another of importance is Hygiene, including sanitation. Many of our sisters pay too little attention to these subjects, although they really are a vital part of our everyday life. Lectures or talks on these subjects by women versed in these matters, and sometimes perhaps illustrated by practical cooking or hygienic lessons. Saints' schools estabIn the Latter-dalished now in almost every Stake of Zion there are women and girls competent to give lectures on Domestic Science and Hygiene, who would, we believe, occasionally assist the Society in this way; and there are also experienced housekeepers, who would give Talks suitable to young people who would be glad to have helpful ideas and suggestions from experienced sisters. These may seem commonplace matters, and the but they pertain to homes ot the people are the places where character is formed, therefore the more per fect the home, the better the individual and the better the state. Talks by members iu your meetings on the character value of reading- - the Scriptures the Book of Mormon, the Book of Doctrine and Covenants and other Church works short talks upon these and kindred subjects will help to make the meetings of the Society interesting and develop the latent talent among the sisters. We have women from many countries, who could now and then give Talks upon the customs and habits or even descriptions of places in their native land, aud in this way the Society might get much valuable information that would be entertaining and instructive, as well as helpful to those who speak in developing power of expression and the use of language. Sometimes essays and poems from members selected or appointed to write them will add variety to your meetings and aid in cultivating home talent. The sisters of the Society are and should be desirous of improving the mind and heart, the Prophet Joseph said in the Book of Coveuants, "Get knowledge from all good books," (and the Relief Society should use none but good ones) and we are told "The glory of God is intelligence," but over and above all things else get the Spirit of the Lord and keep it in your midst; let it be your guide at all times and in all places Hold your testimony meetings regularly without fail, and pray always for wisdom and be united in all your efforts, and uphold those who preside over you with your faith aud prayers, and may our Heavenly Father bless you all abundantly. y One of the industrial pursuits the Relief Society should encourage is the silk industry, which might aud ought to be made remunerative. Some of the sisters have been energetic in setting out mulberry trees aud raising cocoons, and much more might be done by a union of effort in this direction. The Legislature of Utah has made some appropriation for the encouragement of sericulture, and if more tangible proof could be given of success in si k raising by a lirger number of citizens, and larger quantities of cocoons raised and silk reeled, no doubt our legislature would see the benefit of this industry to the state, and make provision therefor. There have been from time to time many helpful articles published on sericulture in this paper, and the sisters who are working in the Relief Society in any capa city, even members, would get many ideas and much information from this little paper waich should be better patronized so that its circulation might be increased; for it takes money to support newspapers. CONFERENCES. We have arranged for visits to be made to each of the Stake conferences(fifty in number besides missi6ns) once a year by gea-erofficers or members ot the Board; the expenses of these visits to be met from the ten cent fund; and the presidents of Stakes are expected to visit each ward within their respective Stakes at least twice a year or oftener if possible, and to know and keep in touch with each Society. It the president is not able to visit all the places her self, she should call to her aid her counselors, or members of her Board at her discretion as circumstances require, or as she deems proper. We are aware there are some remote places in some of the Stakes that are difficult and even dangerous to reach except in compauy with the brethren, but ordinarily the visits can be made It is also expected that the president or one ot her counselors will attend the General Conferences of the Relief Society held in April and October in Salt Lake City, if either of these cannot come, then the secretary or treasurer or an authorized representative. It is desirable that the sisters of the Relief Society observe the Word of Wisdom given as a commandment to the Saints and set an example worthy of imitation to the youth of Zion and to all the world; they should also pay their tithes and offerings and keep the Sabbath day holy, and in al WOMAN'S BUILDING. The sisters in all the Stakes of Zion are aware of the intention of erecting a woman's building suitable for meetings and other purposes to be owned and controlled equally by the Relief Society, the Y. L. N. M. I. A. and the Primary Association. Money has been voluntarily donated from the Relief Society and deposited in Zion's Savings Bank for safe keeping and to accumulate interest thereon during the time of waiting to commence the structure. Meantime our sisters of the Relief Society are expected to continue donating according to their circumstances; no change having been made in the intention of having a place for women's organizations and the intent is still to gather sufficient means to defray all expenses, before the building is The Relief Society will take such the matter of building as are adin steps First vised by the Presidency of the Church; and all who have donated money will be EXPONENT. semi-annuall- y. com-rnenco- I home-makin- g, Bathsheba W. Smith, Annie T. Hyde, Ida Smoot Dusenberry. General Presidency Relief Society. Emmeline B. Wells, General Secretary. Clarissa S. Williams, General Treasurer. 