WOMAN'S EXPONENT. were rich in the Gospel, all here are working for the same great cause; she read a letter of instructions from the General Presi- dent, Bathsheba V. Smith. First Counselor in the General Relief Society, Annie T. Hyde, expressed herself as delighted with the way the sisters had reported. Spoke of the great good the mothers' work was doing among the sisters, suggested the lectures be given to the sisters that are somewhat backward. President Lucy F. Grant, Counselor Av-ild- a Dixon and Sister Abbie H. Cowley made encouraging remarks to the sisters. Conference adiourned for one year. Benediction by Charlotte Lindsey. Sadik Partridge, Secretary, THE PIONEER CHRISTMAS. Continued from page jr. around his neck. At the touch of her hand and the knowledge of her tender thought-fulness.hheart was filled with gratefulness for ber love, and his whole being thrilled with delight holding her in his arms, he gazed tor one moment into the depths of her clear blue eyes, and whispered, "Oh, my love! my love! Heaven keep you safe for me, and I will conquer every obstacle and make you the proudest and happiest of is women." There then, outside the old gray walls, in the stillness of the night, with light feathery snow falling over them, these young lovers plighted their faith and devotion to each other, pure and simple, but full of hope and love divine. They lingered only a few moments in the bliss of this sweet exchange of promises, and then bade each for the present. other good-by- e The girl returned to her home across the court. She could not speak to any one that night. Such a spell of happiness held her, that she desiied to be alone with her thoughts. On the hearth glowed the coals of a fragrant pine knot, and by that faint light, she prepared for bed, not wishing to disturb any one by lighting a candle. Kneeling in the glow of the firelight by, the side of her father's old arm chair, she pra'sed the Lord for her happiness and thanked Him fo her great love; and George through the silent watch of that still night, also in his heart, sang songs of praise and What matter that the night thanksgiving. was cold; what matter that the snow fell thick and fast; what matter that the wolves cried out in the night air; or that not far off in the hills the Indians were camped! These young hearts beat warm and happy, and knew not cold nor fear. A Christmas never dawned on happier, brighter hearts than theirs. Christmas morning in the Fort was very busy. Plans had been made to have the families outside the enclosure come in and share the good cheer with those inside, and so quite a number of house parties were arranged. Meat and provisions had been distributed, liberally and equally for the occasion, so all fared alike; and though the dinners were somewhat plain, they were feasts that day. Roast beef, diied corn and puddings with dried peaches or plums are not exactly the Christmas dinners of to day; but these pioneer women had learned an art of making toothsome and appetizing relishes out of the simplest materials, and such a variety as this was a feast indeed. In after years, many times boiled segoes had to serve for a meal. and swamp-root- s While the housewives were preparing the dinner, the men had assembled to plan some means of treating with the Indians that the watch need not to be kept, and to remove the fear from their hearts." It was decided that five young men go out to the Indian camp with some meat and flour, though it could not well be spared, and make some terms, if possible, with these savages. Young George asked to be permitted to be one of this number; and so earnestly did he desire to go, that he was allowed, though he was extremely young for a mission requiring so much caution, diplomacy and perhaps fighting. He had no fear, and felt called to go on this errand to the red men. The Indians were pleased with the gifts and begged the men to smoke the pipe of peace with them, which of course the white men readily consented to do. The savages then expressed themselves as having no hostile feelings towards the settlers, and said they were on the way to their homes on the blue water to the South, and were just about to take up their journey. The men of course were pleased with the success of their visit; but George seemed unwilling yet to depart, and finally succeeded in persuading his companions to ask the Indians to pray with them. After some explanation from the white men, and wonder from the savages, they all consented aud stood in a circle; then George passed in among them, and in the Indian tongue plead for mercy for this wild band of men and their race, and told them of the Master and His mercy and love for all mankind, and that this day was the great day of peace and praise throughout the world. A great silence fell all aiound. The savages stood like stone images, and the white men almost he'd their breath, for they knew a divine power had spoken through their friend and comrade. He was the first to move, and with a gladness of heart reflected in his face, he passed among them, shaking hands and bidding: them farewell. The Indians felt the spirit of the occisio i, aid were so overcome with what hev had heard, that they began to offer tieir blankets and robes and armlets to their white visitors; but th y had leceiwd already more than they had expected a'id all ihey wanted in the promise ot peace, and so refused to take thtsi offerings, and as soon as possible, returned to their friends with the glad tidings. The day was too cold to call the people out to the public place of worship, the Bowery; but when the boys returned to the Fort, the people were summoned into the courtyard, and the good news was told and the word given out for all families when assembling for dinner to speak their praise unto the Lord. When Elizabeth heard of the great power given her lover, as he stood among the Indians, she felt very proud indeed, and more than anxious to tell her parents of her great happiness; but with the shyness of youth, kept putting it off, though many times through the day, while helping her mother with the cooking and work, she had nearly told her. Her happiness, however, was quite apparent, and she sang first one love tune and then another, as an accompaniment to her work. She joked with her brother and teased her sisters unmercifully about their beaux; in fact, the great elation of her spirits became contagious, and that was indeed a happy household that afternoon. After dinner, however, she sobered 53 down somewhat; and while her father was reading in his usual place by the fire, she knelt down by his side and told him the story of her love. She was sure of his sympathy, and knew he would do all in his power to help her. And he did. Stroking her soft brown hair with his hand, he talked to her for some time, praising her choice, for he had watched and noticed young George for many months, and he felt him to be superior both intellectually and spiritually to many of his companions, who seemed to have greater advantages and better prospects than he. And the father promised her his help and good will in their future preparations. This was very comforting to Elizabeth; for while there was great sympathy always between her father and herself, she feared he might be influenced by her mother who she knew had other plans for her. Her mother was just as good and kindhearted as her father; but she also like most mothers, was a little ambitious for her daughters and even among the early settlers there sometimes seemed a little caste. Some families could scarcely forget that formerly they boasted noble ancestry and fine homes, had been able to keep servants and carriages, though now a common cause and a humbk faith had made a common condition among the Sa'rrs. No rich, no poor, all fared alike. All enjoyed equal privileges, as all enjoyed equal favors from our Heavenly Father. Oh, the joy of such a condition! God's children all breathing the same air, the same sky over all! When ever before or since, has such a condition prevailed among a people? It was like paradise set in the mountains. All day George had been almost overpowered by the thought of the great gift that had been given h'ni and had felt to humble himself before the Lord. The tears came to his eyes manr times during the night at the thought of what had happened; and he was quite silent on the subject, only telling his uncle in answer to some questions how it had happened. He himself could not account for this wonderful manifestation, only that he had prayed in his heart to feel s itisfied before leaving the Indian c imp that their promises were made in good faith, and he believed that this was an answer to fcis prayer. His sister Anne, a tall fair girl, stood near during this conversation b tween her uncle and brother; and throwing her arms around her brother she said, "Dear George, this is but the fulfilling of mother's word to you: Go on and continue to live pure and true, and your destiny will be greit Oh, how I wish she could have lived until this moment! How well would she feel repaid for her sorrows." "My sweet sister," he answered, "many sufferings have been ours, and that is why we appreciate every little token of mercy or power from our Heavenly Father so much." Oh, the simple faith of these poor people! What a source of happiness and joy it brought! How much better would the world be no w if only faith could be the anchor. George's aunt bad been unusually silent during this conversation; but after her dinner was over, and her housework done for the day. she took the youth aside and talked to him long and earnestly of his mother and his early home. Then taking from her pocket an old fashioned leather purse, she took therefrom a crooked guinea and a ring. The coin had been her father's 