Woman's Exponent The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH, Vol. 31 CONTENTS. A Beloved Mother in Israel 73 75 Lectures for Mothers 75 Program for U. S. D. R. 1903, 1904 77 History of the Relief Society A. Wadrop 88 Ladies' Meeting 78 Obituaries Items from Mink Creek. Idaho. Nels Graham 79 79 R. S. Reports 80 The National Convention 80 Call for Executire Session 80 Notes and News 76 Editorial R. S. Notice 76 The Seventeenth of March 76 In Memoriam 76 R. S. Nurses Class 77 Sister Woodruff's Party Beautiful at Eighty-tw- o 77 Poetry Show Me the Way Caroline Renfrew 73 Ellis R. Shipp 75 Scatter Sweet Flowers Susan Coolidge 75 Ashes Semi-Month- ly 1903 seven Navajoes three quarters of a mile from camp who delivered to him his horse in the most friendly manner, they also conversed with him in the Ute language, which he understood. The first intimation of hostility on their part was their simultaneous firing upon him, when he received three arrows and four bullets. The aged Navajoes remonstrated with their young men in relation to their conduct and offered to protect the missionary party if they would immediately return home, to which they agreed. "The Navajoe party had just received the intelligence that Lieutenant Colonel Ruggles of the U S. army, with a detatch-men- t of soldiers had burned their villages, 250 miles east, had massacred 250 squaws and papooses and killed 40,000 of their sheep. The receipt of this news by the war party was the cause of the murder of SHOW ME THE WAY. George A Smith, Jr. somewhere There's a joy "After receiving so many wounds his And a sweet song ringing true. companions placed him on a saddled mule There's a blessing in Time's keeping, and carried him eight miles when he died Budding, blooming, just for you. in the saddle. Somewhere in a gleaming shallop, "The aged Navajoes decided that his Drawn by clouds of misty hue, On through rough or balmy weather, body should be left, consequently his body Love comes sailing just for you. was abandoned. Eyes of an unfathomed splendor, "My friends in Southern Utah sent a Touch to reach you through and through, who made a journey of 300 miles at party, Voice of an enthralling sweetness, an of $1,800 and recovered the reexpense Making uusic just for you. mains of my son. I need not add that the There are tasks that wait fulfillment massacre of my son was a dreadful blow Tasks no other life can do, With a gift of strength and knowledge, upon his father and mother." for in them you. Hiding just Although Sister Smith lost her beloved There are hours like jewels, boy while engaged in the mission to preach to heaven's the Gospel, she has always been the first Seeming light woo; , Freighted with the bliss of being, to encourage and help those of her family Waiting somewhere just for you. to answer to the call of duty. n Shirk not life's duties, In 1871 Sister Smith made a tour with That each humble pathway strew; her husband and President Brigham Young Greatness, though unseen, is in them, and party to the Colorado river and up the for heavenward just Building you. Rio Virgen as far as Shoensberg; and in Caroline Renfrew. 1872 made another tour south with her husband and President Young's party, visiting A BELOVED MOTHER IN ISRAEL, St. George, going by way of Sanpete and Sevier counties, traveling all the distance (Continued.) on both these and other journeys by team. MRS. BATHSHEBA W. SMITH, PRESIDENT In company with her husband she has OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY IN ALL THE visited the settlements as far south as the WORLD. junction of the Rio Yirgen with the ColoThe most trying event of Sister Smith's rado river, visited the settlements on the life was the murder of her eldest and only Muddy, and has gone as far north as Bear living son, George A. Smith, Jr., at the age Lake and Soda Springs, Idaho. of eighteen years. In 1875, February 19, Sister Smith and The following account is from his father's journal: "November 2, husband returned from St. George, their i860, my oldest son, George A. Smith, Jr., last trip together, and the last President In their was murdered by Navajoe Indians, about George A. Smith ever made. met often were thirty-fivtravels of the Moquis miles northwest by bands of they of children thousands music and bearing villages in New Mexico, (now Arizona). He was in company with Jacob Hamblin banners and flags and singing songs of weland nine others, who were on a mission to come. tht Moquis Indians with the design of George A. Smith was Historian of the Church and First Counselor to President learning their language and making explorations to find a wagon route from WashingBrigham Young (succeeding Heber C and devoted his life exclusively to ton, then our most southern settlement, to the western settlements of New Mexico. the work of the Church. Sister Bathsheba When about three hundred miles on their was his helpmate, sympathizer and counjourney they met a band of Navajoe Indi- selor, in this labor of the ministry, until after illness, September 1, ans, who were on a hunt; they traded the a severe he for some knives expired leaning on her faithful Navajoes blankets; my 1875, son's horse escaped out of the band, and he heart. followed after it on horseback. Since his death Sister Smith has contin He met God-give- e Kim-Kimbal- and-lingeiin- g l) Nos. 1 19-- 20 ued her work in the Church with the zeal and energy that characterized her more youthful days; much of her time has been spent in visiting and ministering to the sick and sorrowing and in traveling through Utah counseling the sisters in the cause and advancement of the Relief Society, and in ministering in the Temples. In the interest of the Relief Society since her husband's death she has visited Sevier, Millard, Cache, Box Elder, Weber, Davis, Juab, Piute, Sanpete, Wasatch and Utah Coun- ties. In her happy, hopeful disposition, her friends and companions have found inspiration, and this characteristic is perhaps the key to her success as a public woman. She is noted for her punctuality and common sense talks. She has filled with honor many responsible offices in the Relief. SociShe officiated in ety and in the Church. the opening of the Nauvoo, Logan and Salt Lake Temples, and for seventeen years continuously worked with Sister Eliza R. Snow in the Endowment House. After the Salt Lake Temple was dedicated Sisters Zina D. H. Young and Bathsheba W. Smith and Minnie J. Snow were set apart to preside over the woman's department, which in her active old age gives her unbounded joy. Since Sister Zina's death, Sister Smith presides and has associated with her as counselor, Sister Emma S. Woodruff. Sister Bathsheba Smith's seventy-fift- h birthday (three quarters of a century) was celebrated at the residence of her granddaughter, Mrs. D. R. Allen, on Monday, May 3, 1897; the house was beautifully decorated for the occasion; there, were seventy-f- i re invited guests present, most of them relatives of the honored lady; she was the recipient of many floral offerings and other gifts from dear friends. Apostle John Henry Smith (her husband's son) made the address of welcome which was a delightfully eloquent and happy speech, and in which he paid the highest tribute of praise to this noble mother in Israel, whose life, he said, was an example to the daughters in Zion. A letter from President Joseph F. Smith was read (as he could not be present) in which he expressed to her the most tender sentiments of love and admiration, and of confidence in all the virtues of her pure womanhood, and signed himself at the close, "Your affectionate kinsman and I trust unfailing friend." After the reading of the letter, Mrs. Alice Merrill Home read the brief sketch of the life of her grandmother which we have given here, and Mrs. Clarissa Smith Williams, daughter of President George A. Smith (and Sister Susan Smith, affectionately mentioned in these pages) gave a very clever synopsis of Sister Smith's works in women's organizations, bringing in all the most important items. Next was Mrs. Bathsheba Smith Merrill's tribute to her mother, which we give here in full, as it so clearly sets forth the motherly character and domestic virtues of the woman whose history is so closely interwoven with the 