Woman Exponent 9 The Ballot in the Hands oj the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE, Vol. 32 j I CONTENTS. . . President Bathsheba W. Smith. Declaration of Independence Fast Fading Away Notes and Nevs....... Visiting and Holding Meetings Ann C. Woodbury Anniversary Celebration .....Caroline R. Pratt A. Wadrop Ladies' Meeting .... Mother's Work Alpine Stake ...... Mrs. Logan and Clara Barton. , , History of the Relief Society .....Emmeline B. Wells 1 1 i ...... Semi-Month- 2 2 2 ly 3 3 6 ........... Obituaries. Rachel Isaacs Good Woman Gone...... R S. Reports. ...... A. M. S. II. Art Notes.... Maria M. Jensen Items from Spring City Editorial The New Volume, Thirty-twIn Memoriam. Reunion Thirteenth Ward R. S ....J Birthday Anniversary A Happy Gathering. International Press Women Editorial Notes I'uktry Womanhood. .. Ella Wheeler Wilcox 7 7 7 8 8 A o 1). .Lydia Loving Thoughts. 4 4 5 5 5 5 6 1 Alder .3 WOMANHOOD. She must be honest, both in thought and deed. Of generous impulse, and above all greed. Not seeking praise, or place, or power or pelf, But life's best blessings for her higher self, Which means the best of all. ' She must have faith. To make good friends of Trouble, Pain and Death, . And understand their Message She should be As redolent with tender sympathy As a rose with fragrance.' Cheerfulness Should be her mantle, even tho' her dress May be of Sorrow's weaving. On her face A loyal nature leaves its seal of grace, And chastity is in her atmosphere. Not that chill chastity which seems austere (Like untrod snow peaks, lovely to behold Till once attained then barren, loveless, cold). But the white flame that feeds upon the soul And lights the pathway to a peaceful goal. A sense of humor, and a touch of mirth. To brighten up the shadowy spots of earth; And pride that passes evil choosing good. All these unite in perfect womanhood. ; Ella Wheeler Wilcox. PRESIDENT BATHSHEBA V. SMITH. SPEECH AT WEBER STAKE REUNION. Aunt Bathsheba Smith was called upon and spoke briefly as follows: , "President. Smith has told you the truth. I know that the endowments are given now the same as they were given by Joseph ' He was present with Smith the Prophet. us and lectured and talked with us after we had received our first ordinances, and I have met him many times at councils which were held and he told us many things and explained them to us, showed us how to pray, and how to detect them when true or false angels came to us, and many other true things he taught us, and he instituted the endowments through the Lord and it was not Brigham Young or any one else. I know he was a true prophet of God and this knowledge could not be stronger if angels were to come and talk to me. I know he never taught a thing that was wrong, and if we obey him we will receive celestial glory and without we will not. I bear this testimony and it is true, for I worked in the , . . 1903 Nauvoo Temple and in the Endowment House and in the Salt Lake Temple. This is the first day I have left the Temple to go sny where since Sister Zina's death. I was at the first meeting when the Relief Society was organized in Nauvoo and I enjoyed the teaching of the Prophet and tried to profit by it and to teach my sisters. Brother Smith, I guess this will do?" President Smith: "Did Brigham Young reveal plural marriage?" Sister Smith: "He did not. God revealed it through the Prophet Joseph Smith. I have tried to be one with my husband and I was just as happy with him as any woman could be, for I loved him dearly and I knew why he practised the He knew it principle of plural marriage. was a principle of exaltation, and I wished him to receive as great an exaltation as any one, and I expected to share it with him. If I lived my life over again, I do not know that I could better it. though I have more experience now." Sister Smith then related a dream she had concerning her husband and also some remarks made by the Prophet Joseph when she was a young girl. Continuing she said, "God bless us all and keep us in the line of our duty, that we may live our lives in earnest and receive the glory and exaltation we seek. Amen." DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE FADING AWAY. FAST CERTIFIED FAC SIMILES BEING PREPARED. Washington, D. C. The most precious original document in the world today is the American Declaration of Independence. This sacred piece of paper represents the sentiment and spirit that have characterized the beginning and progress of this wonderful Government. Besides being the greatest statement of political rights ever penned, it shines out as a literary gem without a parallel, considered from any point of excellence. It is a gieat misfortune to the nation that the original Declaration of Independence has been fast fading of recent years. Though it has been locked in the steel vaults at the State Department in Washington, away from the light, for a long time, the fading continued until now hardly any of t'le writing can be read. Fortunately a number of years ago when the fading first commenced, the Government prepared an exact fac simile of the This reproduction is still in the original. possession of the Government. Thousands visit the State Department every year to see it. The Original Declaration is never exhibited. A number of fac similes are now being prepared, with the view of having at least one placed in every county of the different States and Territories. Hereafter, then, it will not be necessary to journey to Washington to see the State Departments fac simile. Every community will have a copy just like it. , The artists are now at work on the required number. Each specimen is to show at the bottom the official certificate of the State Department under seal, with the signature of Secretary of State John Hay, that it is an exact fac simile of the Original Declaration of Independence. Every specimen r will be numbered, and registered in the name of the person to whom it is sent. The document measures about 30 inches long and 22 inches wide. The fac simile is surrounded by a border composed of the coats of arms of the original States and both sides of the great seal of the United States, all exquisitely done in about eleven colors. The work of the artists on these handsome As mere picspecimens is past criticism. tures they will be highly esteemed and in a few years will no doubt be considered very valuable. But their chief value lies in the fact that the fac simile portion will be an exact counterpart of the grand document in which our sturdy ancestors boldly proclaimed to the world the rights of man, and to the upholding of those principles pledged their lives, their fortunes, and sacred honor. - Ex. NOTES AND NEWS. Cassandra Southwick, the persecuted Quaker girl of early colonial days, who is the heroine of one of Whittier's poems, is to have a monument erected to her memory. Patti sang for charity in Rome not long ago, and the concert brought $20,000. "Home Sweet Home" was sung at the re- quest of the Americans in the audience, and at the close she was recalled nine times. Mrs. Julia Ward Howe and Mrs. Mary A. Livermore were given a breakfast at the Tuileries in Boston on May 2, by the Massachusetts D. A. R. Almost every chapter in the State was lepresented, besides the Colonial Dames, Daughters of the War of 1812, Children of the American Revolution, etc. It was a brilliant occasion. . Mrs. Ingeborg von Bronsart lately celebrated the fiftieth anniversary of her debut She appeared before the as a musician. time as a pianist at St. for first the public After her marriage to in 1853. Petersburg the manager of the Royal Theatre at Hanover in Germany she gave up the profession and devoted most of her time' to composing. Besides a large number of songs and of compositions for the piano, 'cello, and violin, she has composed operas that were very One of them, "Jery and Bate-ly,- " successful has been given at fifteen different theatres; another, "Hiarne," at five. A new one will soon be finished. Mrs. Bronsart is also the composer of the march, "Kaiser Wilhelm I," which was played at the opening of the Woman's Exposition at the Chicago Fair. Ex. 