WOMAN'S Mother's influence in its daily life. , and sacrifices are .enobling. no restriction to a happy ciome. Poverty .Study the lives of great and 'noble minds. Prayer is the key to success. Impart of our substance if .we would be : - y- e, self-contr- self-activit- gthA fluence; y, as essential A Token of Love "Let love through all your actions run. spoils the little one, By love and firmness with wisdom wrought, Many a soul from sin is brought." Lecture $th. Boyhood and Girlhood: over-indulgen- and Remembrance. We, the .members of the Relief Society of the First ,Ward..of Payson,' desire to show our respect f or'our departed sister. Sister' Mary Hoffman Elmer was born April 16, iu Ohio.:'..Was. married to Hyrum Elmer June fg, j 8,4$, arid .was .baptized at Council Bluffs, Iowa, 1848. .She left us for another sphere, De-- 1 ' ceijibef id, . : ' : Mother's Love and fn-- t :. , iyo. A mother's love soothes --the aches and ills of life. Every mother should be imbued with the ' love of God. Its imprintsmay.be traced to the unborn.; Great men attribute . achievements mother's influence. Strength of mind imparts will power and crushes the evil that would under? ' '' mine our best endeavors. "The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world." elements to proper growth. Free, outdoor exercise, proper .food,. cleanliness, orderly habits build up a healthy body. Reverence for parents and the Deity are spiritual needs. The Lord's prayer, etc. Yet MARY HOFFMAN ELMER. - "As the twig is bent the tree inclines.".. Lecture self-relianc- OBITUARIES. ' truly great. "It is better to give than to receive.' Growth and Development of Teach the importance of 95 Self-contr- Speak gently, it is better far, To rule by love than fear, Speak gently, let no harsh word mar, The good we might do here. Lccture the Child: .EXPONENT , jRESQLUTlpNS .OF RESPECT. Whereas our Heavenly Father has seen fit in his wisdoni to calLf romlamong us one of our colaborShe was a model ers, we deeply feel her loss. wife and. mother and endeared herself to those around her by'her'kindness in times of sickness. She possesssed !an pltasant nature and won- the esteem" and "good feelings of her many acquaintances,':. She j leaves a lo ving husband, who mourns her departure, and eight children, besides several motherless' children whom she cartd for in childhood," who'all feerthe loss of a loving mother, unfil that joyful time when thev will meet again and .enjoy her Society, jn a state far more happy and glonJed. Therefore be it '" Resolved, that ' we ' her colaborers in the great work of love, express our appreciation of her example. :rThat,w,e emulaterher, noble traits of character, o faith and .charity aiid er devotion to her re"- ligion. That we insert a copy of these resolutions in our recbrdsv-tha- t one be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication and that one be presented to the bereaved family. " ' ' - Train up a child in the way he should Lecture loth. Diseases of Women and Children: go and when he is old he will not depart from it. Every mother should study the laws of To build up a healthy body: outdoor exhealth. ercise, physical training, purity of The obligations of wife and mother canthought and action. be discharged without some knowlnot Obedience to the Gospel. Teach the Articles of Faith. edge of hygiene and medicine. Susanna Pickering, ; Teach that there is good in every one, Study the nature of diseases and sim- Martha Bates, and that it mnst grow from the inside pie remedies. Z. Simmons. Committee. not without until a man is all full of Healing by prayer and faith. SARAH. ANN REESE. . of Word Wisdom. goodness. Teach the relation between the desire to It becomes pur painful duty to record the death of bur beloved sister, Sarah Ann Reese. be good and the practice of being Lecture nth. Value of 'Moments: ti ShBjyiikbornjh i.London, England, April 21, good. : The mind a receptacle , or storehouse and 1839, joined the.Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y JSaints injhe year 1868, "and died November ' 'The good we do in life, is never idle. "7 1.902,' being 63 years,' 6 months and 16 days old. advances or retrogrades. Springs from an inward grace; It She was married ft' James' Reese in 1870; was the The mission of evil is strife, Each day adds its might for, good or .mother of eight .children,, six living and two dead, act to Each - " . . ; displace; good To build a character firm and strong, Encourage the right and denounce the wrong." Lecture 6th. ' Development of the Youth: ' evil. : . Seek wisdom from good books. Emulate the acts of wise men. Cultivate pure thoughts and actions. The mind should control natural desires. Growth obtained through self activity. Scientific truth's bring us to a higher plane of civilization. The life of Christ the embodiment of all that is desired to make us perfect even Re is perfect. "The glory of God. is intelligence," should be an incentive to all who desire to become like Him Lecture yth. ants: Marriage and Sacred Coven- Her husband pre- ;aJso twelve , grandchildren. .Qedediief tQ the spirit, world. She was a'faithful and active worker in the Relief Society; -- She labored as a teacher for eight .years, alsalabbred as president of the industrial class for a. number, of years, until she was pre- 'vehted bysickness; from which she suffered long. Yet she was always hopeful and patient, trusting inthe'Lorcl and' thankful for' his goodness to her. She was always, .ready to help the poor and the ' needy. J:o- ; A moment lost cannot be, recalled. "Count that day lost whose low descending sun, Views from thy hands no worthy action done." , t - resolutions of respect. that, we, her colaborers in the great of love,, mourn her loss as a wise and faithful worker in the cause of truth. Lecture 1 2th. Woman's Sphere: ,tThat we. .exp'ress'.our sincere sympathy for her family, 'and pray our Heavenly Father pereaved be to and know Woman thyself ; thyself thai His Holy' Spirit "may comfort them in their true. ; . '.loss, that. they, may jeal;ze she has gone to enjoy a Mental and physical organization. rest prepared for the faithful, and will come forth in the glorious resurrection of the just. Moral and social condition. That a copy of these resolutions be placed on Her influence upon society, record' 'of the Payson First Ward Relief Soci-- . the Her natural religious inclinations. ety, one be. sent to . the family and one sent to the for publication. Woman's Exponent Quick perception and capablities. ' " Susanna Pickering, conscientious influence to but Susceptible r Josephine Petersen, r . of wrong doing. Jane Worsencroft, . Progress in science and literature. Committee. Resolved, ..w.ork "' " 'Likings may come and pass away 'Tis love that remains to our latest day, Our Heavenward way is holy love, And will be our bliss with saints above." J t Love is an attribute of God implanted for a pure and holy purpose. Marriage is a divine covenant instituted for the propagation of the human race. The life ' of Christ embodies all the virtues. Our obligations to God and our sacred ; trust. He is richest who enriches mankind. Lecture 8th. : Youth is the golden age. Improve the present. There is ,no morrow. Men cannot be saved in ignorance. The glory of God is intelligence. Seek ye out of good books, words of Wife and Mother: To be a true wife and mother be true .to j your covenants. Peace, love and contentment come from within and make our environments. " I The woman of the,20th century. 'Oh not for wealth, fame or power Have we poor mortals striven. But even as the growing flower To make of earth a heaven. And in her garden of the sun, Heaven' s. brightest rose.sball bloom, For woman's best is iust begun, Her advent yet to come." Elizabeth F. Yates, Lorinda E. Thompson, Angeline vW Hi.ncki.ey, Committee. .Delilah K. Olsen, Chairman. Millard Stake Relief Society. JLIEE, CARRIAGE AND DEATH. .SISTER MABKI, CLAIR JOHNSON, j ' or "May" Johnson, as she was better known. ' ;.r She was-- born September 23, 1876, at Utah, and was the oldest of Jen children born to Lyman Leav- itt and Ann Eliza Hakes Leavitt. She was married December 28, 1892, to Diellttklin Johnson, son of Joseph E. Johnson and Tnankiui k. ruimore jonn-solakMesa City Maricopa Co., Arizona. Sister May was. a kind, true and loving wife and' mother. 'She had three lovely Kanosh,- Millard Co., - p. ; I n, 