WOMAN'S EXPONENT 8 work and the raising and training of children. She bore her testimony to the truth of the Gospel and that Joseph Smith was a true prophet of God. Sister Shipp then spoke on the great responsibilities resting upon us as wives and mothers of the Latter-daSaints; rights of a of motherhood, and child, responsibility in the famkindness having unity love and ily. was very President David Cameron pleased with the good instructions which we had received. Spoke a short time on and children responsibility of partraining ents. Bishop Schow felt to endorse the remarks that had been made, thought the Relief Society work of great importance and many responsibilities were connected with it. Minutes read and approved. Conference adi'ourned until two p. m. Closed by singing, and benediction by Bishop A. P. Schow. Conference reconvened at two p. m. by choir singing. Prayer b)r Brother Thomas Heeps. Continued by singing. Sister Collings gave a report of Kingston Ward, Miss Wilson reported Hillsdale ." branch. President Elizabeth DeLong spoke on Relief Society work and benefits of reading good books. Counselor Alice Jane Cameron spoke on motherhood and controling our children. The General and Stake officers of the Relief Society were presented before the people to be sustained, by Secretary Margaret Haycock. Sister Shipp spoke on doing our duty, effects reading has upon the mind, force of example, education of mothers, paying ' n , tithing. ',; on Alder Sister testimony bearing,: spoke workings of Satan, the world's opinion of the "Mormons" and preparing, ourselves for the duties that are before us, and the great knowledge of the Prophet Joseph. Brother Henry Barney felt the importance of the Relief Society, the great inSaints fluence the women of the Latter-dahave over the world and the great work devolving upon the members of the Relief ' ''. Society. Minutes read and approved. President Elizabeth DeLong gave out a notice that there would be a meeting for the young people at 7 p. m. Benediction by Closed by singing. Brother Almy Barney. Conference reconvened at 7 p. m. with singing, and prayer offered George Wilson. Continued by singing. Sister Alder spoke to the young people, her subject being "Our Creation and Our Mission to Earth. " Sister Shipp spoke on "Marriage and the Responsibilities of Married Life." President David Cameron spoke on "The Honor of Young Men." President Elizabeth DeLong thanked the sisters for their visit and very good, instruc tions and stated that conference would be adjourned until some future date. Minutes read and approved. Closed by singing. Benediction Bishop A. P. Schow. Margaret Haycock, UINTAH y : y by.-Brothe- R. K. r Sec STAKE. Minutes of the Relief Society conference of the Uintah Stake held May 9, 1903, President Sarah Pope presiding. 71 ing remarks. Counselor James Hacking thought it a great mission to be a mother in Israel. Parents should draw their children to them by love and kindness, thought the mothers' work would be a great benefit. Sister Emma S. Woodruff, from Salt Lake, felt to endorse the remarks of President Hacking. It is our mission to save souls, and if we can save our children in the kingdom- of God what a consolation it will be. We should teach the children to work and to keep the Word of Wisdom, we should always have a prayerful heart. Meeting adjourned until two o'clock. Singing, "Prayer is the soul's sincere deBenediction by Counselor James sire." Hacking. Afternoon session opened by singing and prayer, as usual. The following wards were reported in good condition: Vernal, Gliues, Naples, Mill ward and Mountain Dell. The statistical and financial report of the Stake was read and the general and local authorities were sustained. Sister EmmaS. Woodruff read a letter of instruction to the missionaries which she had just received from the General Board. Thought if we would send missionaries to the different branches we would be very much benefitted. Advised the sisters to gather all the grain they could and keep it on hand. Read the minutes of the organization of the Relief Society by the Prophet Joseph Smith, also instructions given at the 6th, 13th, and 16th meetings. Thought we should not burden one sister with all the offices but divide them up. Asked the Lord to bless all. Brother Nelson Merkley felt to endorse what had beeu said. Thousands of souls have been made happy by the sisters of the Relief Society, was glad that we had mothers' work in the society. Brother Don B. Colton thought the instruction that had been read was enough of itself to fully pay us for coming to meeting. Spoke of the sisters administering to the sick and of the great mission mothers could perform among the young people, Counselor A. K. Bartlett said a few words in regard to our Church school, felt willing to labor wherever she was called, urged the sisters to lay up grain. vSec. ART NOTES. Mr. J. T. Harvvood, of this city, now in Paris, has recently sold his water color en' titled "The Young Mechanic." The buyer is John Wanamaker, of Philadelphia. It is a of out to the sell picture very unusual be is Mr. to Harwood French Salon, and congratulated on his merited good fortune. Mrs. Harwood is painting some studies in brass and copper, Miss Louise Richards, Miss Rose Hartwell, and Miss Sawyer, Mr. A. B. Wright, Lee G. Richards and Honri Young are to be in the country districts near Paris for the summer. - ; Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for your money. Addie Longhurst, Singing, "O, ye mountains high." Pray- er by Counselor A. K. Bartlett. Singing, "Come, Oh Thou King of kings." Minutes of forenoon session of previous conference read and approved. t President Sarah Pope made a few open THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, President Sarah Pope made a few closing remarks encouraged all to treasure the good counsel they had received, bore a faithful testimony to the truthfulness of the Gospel, said a few words in regard to the Womans' ' Building in Salt Lake City. Conference adjourned for1 'six months. Singing, "Praise ye the Lord. Benediction by Brother Colton. We aim to give you as ""''TR Y US Mr. Harwood and Mr. Rirhards (son of L. L. Greene Richards) and Honri Young exhibited in the recent French Salon,; of which we are very proud. It is good to see Utah's sons and daughters go to the art centres and add to their native ability, the culture and training of the Old World. , ... A. S. M. II. . ; ITEMS FROM SPRING CITY. Dear Editor: Sister Mettie Maria Nielson, one of our dear sisters, died over a year ago, and as she was a subscriber for the Exponent and was a. faithful member in the Church, and evei ready to help the needy, we miss her very much. Our Relief Society is in good working order with good, energetic officers at the We have the mother's work in its head. infancy and hope it will grow and be a sucI was very much pleased in reading cess. the testimonials of the true character of Sister M. I. Home and would that the same could be said of some of us. The Exponent has been a great help to me, and would be to every mother if they were only converted to its merits. I pray the Lord to bless you in your noble efforts to do good. Your sister in the Gospel, , Maria M. Jensen. Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph Nos.1-3- - George Main Street. F. M. Smith, Prest. Cannon, Cashier. 