WOMAN'S EXPONENT 96 children, all of whom died within a year some two or three years before her death. The husband and father is indeed sorely bereaved and feels his loss severely, but Brother Franklin has the sympathy of the entire, community for his loss is also their less to a great extent, for she. was a faithful, prompt and energetic worker in all that she was called upon to do and took pleasure in discharging the duties that devolved upon her. She was a noble woman and a true Latter-da- y Saint, whose life was an example worthy of imitation. She kept the Word ot Wisdom and was prompt in paying her tithing and donations. At the time of her death she was Stake aid and ward president of the Primary Association, and Stake aid in the Y. L. M. I. A; also ward organist of the Nephi ' Ward and a teacher in the Sabbath School. She passed away on Christmas morning, December 25, 1902, at the home of her grandparents, Collins R: and Mabel Ann Hakes, in Mesa, Arizona, and she was born at their home in Utah. She will indeed be missed, not only in the Nephi ward, but by all the, Maricopa Stake, for she had many friends and rela. . tives. A. E. F. REPORTS. RELIEF SOCIETY MARICOPA. The Relief Society conference was held at Mesa, in the R.S. Hall, March 12, 1903, President Mabel A. Hakes presiding. Stake Presidents C. R. Hakes and Isaac Dana and other brethren were on the stand. All the Stake officers of the Relief Society were in attendance and nearly all from the several wards. Subjects were, guarding the ; outh of Zion, see that they kept good company, and read only such literature as would be of an elevating nature, the right kind. Several appropriate hymns were sung, interspersed with speaking, making the meetings very interesting. Annie E. Fuller, Sec. ' FREMONT STAKE:' The Relief Society conference of Fremont Stake was held at Rexburg, April 27, 1903, President Temperance Hinckley presiding, who welcomed all present and desired that the Spirit of God might rest upon them for their mutual benefit and blessing; .Reports showed all the wards in good condition and the sisters feeling happy in their labors. Sister S. A. Barnes gave a report of the General Relief Society conference she had attended in Salt Lake City, and the officers, meeting; she also spoke upon the mother's work. Sisters Annie and Susan Stevens and Julia Cole, aids to the president, each addressed the conference. Counselors Matilda Flamm and Elizabeth Atkinson spoke encouragingly to the sisters, exhorting them to diligence and good , !' works. ;, . R. K. , -- Sister Sarah Cahoon spoke upon true education, urged the mothers to implant faith in the hearts of the children and exhorted them to charity in word and deed, scattering seeds of love and kindness in their path. re- President Hinckley made excellent marks at the close of the conference which was adjourned for three months. . .. Sarah A. Barnes, alpine stake. , .. Sec. The Alpine Stake Relief Society conference was held at American Fork, April 24, 1903, President Rebecca Standring presiding. Of the Stake presidency, Stephen L. Chipman and A. J.. Evans were on the stand, also the Stake officers of the Relief 71 Twelve children have succumbed to its ravages, and while it is a cross to part with them, we feel that the Lord has been merciful indeed to spare so many. Owing to the quarantine regulations our Stake president, Emma S. Smith, was prevented from attending the conference, but her counselors, Sarah Driggs and Mary J. R... West, were present, the former presiding. The branches of the society of Snowflake and Woodruff were reported by Sister Jane Freeman and Bishop Savage. The diphtheria has abated and meetings are now held regularly, which is the case throughout the Stake. Counselor Sarah Driggs expressed her thankfulness for the privilege of meeting once more in conference, and encouraged all to be more onergetic in the discharge of their duties. Counselor Mary J. R. West was the next speaker. She regretted the absence of Sister Smith, who, she said, felt her place of duty to be with the sick, but sent her love and blessing to the sisters. Sister West was very earnest in urging the young girls to join the Relief Society, so they can grow up with the work. President Jesse N. Smith next addressed the conference. Said, "We must not lose interest on account of sickness. It is my opinion that many of the Saints want to get all the blessings they can and render as little service as possible. It is not right, we cannot stipulate or make terms of our reward." Spoke of the number of in the Stake and suggested that the sisters would have more influence with them than the brethren and if they were willing to accept the labor a great amount of good might be done. It is mostly the young people who neglect their tithes. We must not deceive ourselves by thinking we can claim the reward if we do not fulfill the law. Perhaps none of us do to the letter, but those who do the best will stand the best show. Brother John J. G. Webster, the Y. L. M. I. A. missionary from Cedar City, Utah, Bishop John Hunt and Brother Smith D. Rogers also made remarks on tithing. Benediction was pronounced by Sister Janet M. Smith, and conference was adjourned for six months. Della F. Smith, Sec. Society and a full representation of the ward presidents. President Standring made an eloquent opening address. The presidents gave encouraging reports of their respective branches. Counselor Harriet Jacobs, in her remarks, said, "visit the sick and the aged, some of them starve for the kindness and attention of the sisters." President Stephen L. Chipman spoke in . great praise of President Standring's instructions to the sisters, and gave advice on several important matters. Counselor Annie C. Hindley thought we should examine ourselves and find out if we are in fellowship with each other and the Lord. President Standring felt the sisters should be exemplary even in occupying humble positions, spokes feelingly to the mothers in regard to their duties in the family. Sister Standring felt her heart full of thanksgiving to God for her position in the Relief Society, for with her it is the Gospel or nothing. In the afternoon other reports were given and brief speeches were made by Sisters Driggs, Evans and Featherstone and Stake Presidents- A. J. Evans and James H. The subjects treated upon were Clarke. the necessity of obedience and the need of improvement in spiritual education as well as mental, and almost every Gospel prin-- : ciple was treated upon. Sister E. J. T. Roberts made brief remarks and President Standring closed by saying, " We have had a feast of fat things today and there has been a portion to every one. Let us increase in knowledge and intelligence and Queen Wilhelmina has accepted Andrew grow in grace and unity." Carnegie's gift of $1,500,000 for the buildConference adjourned for three months. ing of a Temple of Peace at the Hague. non-tithepaye- rs - ' , Emma ., ; Featherstone, Sec. SNOWFLAKE. Our Relief Society conference was held at Snowflake, February 13, 1903.' It is the first one since last June and was a 'real treat to those who attended. We have never had such a small attendance of sisters at conference, but this is due to the fact that there have been contagious diseases among us. In Snowflake alone there have been over one ' THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67 69, hundred cases of diphtheria this winter. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for.your money. We aim to give you as ""TRY Jg Save Your Money ! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit married women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier Nob. 1-- 3- Main Street. 