WOMAN'S EXPONENT THE CONTINENTAL HALL. ELLA their merit. Sculptures and other works of and wishes which he was asked to consider subject to the same classification in framing a bill concerning and and location. criminal children. 4. No works of art shall be removed before the close of the exhibition. NATIONAL COUNCIL OF GREAT BRITAIN. 5. On all exhibits admitted, the Art Institute will pay transportation to and from The annual conference of this council all points within the State; and on will be held in The program accepted works of Eastern artists, it will pay trans- shows the names Edinburg. of their very large comportation to and frcm New York and Bos- mittee, on which there are twenty-fou- r ton. vice presidents, and about twenty other 6. All works in oil color, water color or members. This council has between thirty other medium must be acceptably framed. and forty branches Among the subjects to The prizes to be awarded are as follows: be discussed will be ' 'University Education 1. open to resident and for Women, its Effects on Social and Inartists: tellectual Life," "The Present Position A bronze medal of honor will be given of Woman's Suffrage," "Public House for the best work of art in the exhibition. Trusts," "Wage-EarninChildren," "The This medal may be witheld if in the opinOutlook of Women at Home and in the ion of the awarding committee no work ex- Colonies," "The Permanent Care of the hibited is of sufficient merit. Feeble-Minded"The Relation of Amuse2. Open to resident artists: ments to Life" "To Health," "To Educa$50.00 for the best water color. tion," "Popular Amusements for Working 30.00 first prize; $20.00 second prize, Girls." Papers on rescue work among for the best and most artistic women conand children, papers on organizadesign, sisting of floor plans and perspective sketch tion and committee work. in color or India ink, for a country church art will WHEELER WILCOX. Not since the first wave" thundered, From Homer's mighty main Have song and war been sundered War is the poet's strain. Yet my poor Muse benighted. Hides her pale face affrighted. At thought of such refrain. She cannot sing the story Of man assaulting man, She cannot vaunt the glory Of one triumphant clan. For through her soul goes stealing The truth of God revealing. War never ivas His plan. ," To overcome disaster; For love alone is Master And love alone brings light. to cost $4000.00 Mrs Solomon Seigel offers $10 00 for the best design for silk fabric. Honorable mention will be made for the second best oil painting and water color. Honorable mention will also be made for the best illustration, decorative design, sofa cover, and clay modeling. Works of art receiving any of the above cash prizes become part of the Alice Art Collection. So not to men who battled Where slaughter fouled the air. Where swords and cannon rattled And death shrieks of despair Blurred victory's shout upringing. My humble Muse is bringing Fresh wreaths of song to wear. She sings of women sitting, In homes made dark by fear. Of hands that paused in knitting To wipe away the furtive tear, While lips were forced to smiling And speech to hopes beguiling And grief was masked as cheer. Oh, courage more than human, To live day after day The lonely life of woman Afar from fields of fray, Without war's wild distracti"n, . To sit in forced inaction And think, and weep and pray. OFFICERS. Mary Teasdale, president, 314 First St.; 62 Hooper Ware, Mrs Edna W. Sloan, secretary; Building; Mrs. Alice Merrill Home, treasurer; George Henry Taggart, H. L. A. Culmer. W. E Oh good and great Whose courage did not fail, Your faith became to others Love's magic coat of mail Unnamed in History's pages, Your worth shines down the ages In tints time cannot pale. vice-presiden- t, EXHIBITIOn COMMITTEE. fore-mother- s, Edwin Evans Chairman, George Henry Taggart, Mrs Alice Merrill Home. LECTURESHIP Edwin Evans, And though we stand as "Daughters" Of men whom duty drove through massacres and slaughters Where death and hatred throve, Yet our chief pride is knowing, That in our veins is flowing The motherhood of love. Alice Merrill Home COMMITTEE. Harry Stuttard, Mrs ALICE ART COLLECTION. Lewis S. Hills, Mrs. Julia E. Rawlins, Mrs Emma J. McVicker. 1902. INTERNATIONAL UTAH ART INSTITUTE. The Utah Art Institute announces that its Fifth Annual Exhibition of Paintings, Sculptures, Silk Fabrics, Decorative Work, Artistic Mechanism, etc., will be held at the old Social Hall, 41 State Street, Salt Lake City, March 9th to April 9th inclusive, 1903. Exhibits will be received by the Institute at the Exhibition room in Salt Lake March The following rules governing the exhibition will be strictly enforced: r. Original works offered for this exhibition which'have never before been publicly exhibited in Salt Lake City, will be sub mitted to the judgment of the Exhibition Committee. 2, A card designating the prizes that worksof art are to compete for must accompany each piece so entered. 3. Paintings will be placed according to ( . nt g If men were only kinder The world would go all right, No ignorance is blinder Than that which seeks by might nth, be non-reside- And while each revolution, Which means "Co forth and kill" May end an evolution Of men and Nations, still She knows the awful terror Of war, is human error And not the Maker's will. On Breaking Ground, October 67 COUNCIL OF WOMEN. Mts. Emily Cummings NATIONAL . COUNCIL OF DENMARK. NATIONAL COUNCIL OF HOLLAND. Our Society of National Women's Labor has done a fine thing in organizing a way of pensioning working women by making possible an insurance whereby the premium may be augmented or may be diminished, or indeed stopped in times of need, while whatever was paid continues to keep its value. It is expected that this will prove an immense value to women workers, domestic servants, teachers, shop girls, etc . if only they may be made to feel the importance ol insuring themselves very early in life. The Dutch branch of the "Societe Internationale des amis de la jeune fille" has this winter undertaken to imitate the "venvre de lagare," as it is already in activity in Germany and in Switzerland At the different, railways and steamboats cards are placed to direct young girls traveling alone to the different "Homes" in ou.r towns. At the same time some ladies undertake to meet them on the arrival of the great expresses from Germany and France. In Amsterdam the work at one of the stations is done by Roman Catholic ladies, and at the other by Protestant ladies, who acting in, the most friendly direct the girls to whatever addresses they want, according to the faith they profess. It is a great thing also that the municipality of Amsterdam, wishing to increase the supervision in its public schools decided to create the post of inspector of the same and it was immediately resolved that one of the four persons named for this most d and post should be a same woman. The municipality also granted the necessary funds for a great school especially designed fo'r the training of women servants. . hon-orab- 'e well-salarie- How one longs for the gift of tongues, or for a universal language, when so interest ing a pamphlet comes to one as the "Dansk However one Kvinderaad" for 1 can only gather glimpses of interesting and California clubwomen are workiug for the business like reports presented by these establishment oF a children's court. In San societies and by the officers of the International Council, with extracts from the Francisco representatives of tne State Federconstitution of the same. The members ation have been going twice a week for the of the Press Committee will have received past three months to one of the four princialready the account of many important pal police courts and taking notes of ' the changes lately made in the Factory Act of number cf children brought before the that country, the efforts that have been magistrates, their cases being heard among made lately to secure the municipal fran those of old and hardened criminals. It is chise for women, and the account of a petiexpected that the report of this committee to the Council will go far toward influencing legislation in tion sent by the Danish Minister of Justice containing suggestions the. children's behalf. 901-190- 2. 