WOMAN'S EXPONENT 74 history of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints: MOTHER. If there is one mortal feeling free from the impurities of earthly frailty, that tells in every breath of its celestial origin, it is a mother's love. Mother is our helper, adviser listener to tales of fancied wrongs and sorrow. word Mother 'tis the first that falls from the babbling tongue; the first idea that dawns upon the mind; the first, the fondest and the most lasting tie in which affection can bind the heart; a mother's love. Forever the same, unchang-able- . A pure and holy gift from heaven. Mother's love soothes with sympathy. What sweet comfort it was to feel her symHow papathy for my she lightened my misfortiently and tenderly tune; anticipating every wish, attending to my needs, soothing every sorrow. She cradles us in her warm faithful breast, and there is a healing influence in her embrace. When at home or absent from her side I knew her thoughts were ever concerned in my welfare, and also the the welfare of my children. Every day I appreciate more the blessing of a fond and noble mother. She has been a mother not only to her own offspring and her husband's children, but to her sisters' and brothers' children, ! yea a mother in Israel And we all love, respect and reverence her. She has trodden the narrow path and now reaches the landmark, her seventy-fifth- , birthday, and we feel that we cannot do enough to show our love and appreciation of her. She is unsurpassed on this earth. half-forme- d near-sightedne- ! ss ! A mother's love, how sweet the name; What is a mother's love ? A noble, pure and tender flame, Enkindled from above. Bathsheba Smiith Merrill. with an evening program literary and musical. On May 3, 1901, Mrs.B. W. Smith's birthday was celebrated at the elegant residence of Mrs. Julia P. M. Farnsworth, and was hostgiven by that gracious and hospitable ess and Mrs. Alice S. M. Home. We republish the notice from the Woman's Exponent of May 15, 1901: The seventy-nint- h birthday anniversary Mother in honored and of our revered W. Bathsheba Smith, was Israel, Sister of residence handsome celebrated at the this in city, Mrs. Philo T. Farnsworth, May 3, 1901. The beautiful parlors and library were artistically decorated with flowers, flags and historic pictures, the parlor and library in sweet peas, the dining room in red and white' roses and carnations. The music was by some of the best talent in the city, Prof. Joseph Anderson and Prof. A. C. Lund, and the selections were from the old masters. It was a great addition to the delightful entertainment. Sister" Smith was dressed in white and looked the veritable "Queen of hearts and homes," loveable, motherly and altogether charming. Those who received with her were Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, Mrs. Jane S. Richards, Mrs. E. B. Wells, Mr. and Mrs. P. T. Farnsworth, Mr. and Mrs. George H. Home, Mrs. B. S. Merrill and Mrs. D. R. Allen. Several beautiful young women assisted in the dining room and a few lovely little girls acted as ushers, amon? them some of Sister Farnsworth' s daughters. "A Tribute to Aunt Bathsheba," by the hostess, Mrs. Farnsworth, was given before the program proper was rendered, remarks by Bishop Winder and Apostle Brigham Young; and Mrs. L. L. Greene Richards re id an original poem. Mrs. Thomas Hull sang "The End of the Way" in a delightfully Scotch way. The toastmaster was Judge W. H. King, late representative to Congress, whose eloquence is proverbial, and who carried off fresh honors in this rather difficult role. Prayer by Bishop O. F. WLitney, and the first response to a toast was given by President Lorenzo Snow, "George A. and Aunt Bathsheba " "Our Family," John Henry Smith. "The Old Home," Clarissa "Noted Virginians," Smith Williams. "The Bishop Whitney. Prophet," PresiF. Smith. dent Joseph "Father's First Counselor," Brigham Young. "When Old Friends Meet, "(poem) by Mrs. E. B. Wells. "Sister Bathsheba in the Relief Society," by Mrs. Zina D. II . Young," was given by Sister Zina Y. Card, as her mother had retired from the room. "Sister Bathsheba at the Temple," Mrs. A.W. McCune. "Childhood Reminiscences," Mrs. Bathsheba S. Merrill. "Grandfather and Granddaughter," Mrs. D. R. Allen. "Great Grandmother," Mary S. Home. "Aunt Bathsheba," Julina L. Smith. "Aunt Bathsheba in the Ward," Bishop Beatie. The Bishop having left, his wife responded for hira. The exercises were so varied by the toastmaster' s original introduction that the program could not possibly seem to have any sameness. A list of the names of the guests is too long for our little paper, but suffice to say, it could not include all Sister Smith's friends and admirers, for they fill these valleys of the mountains. and extend far away from here into other lands and After the program there were short congratulatory and appropriate speeches, one by Sister JulinaL,. Smith, distinctively tender, and brought tears to the eyes of most of those present. Sister Julina is a niece of Sister Bathsheba's and had spent many years of her young life in her aunt's home. President Zma D. H. Young (now of blessed memory) spoke very eloquently of her intimate association with Sister Smith. Sister Emily D. P. Young, a very dear friend of Sister Smith's, and exceedingly diffident about speaking, being called upon asked that Sister Emmeliue B. Wells be her spokesman, Sister Wells responded to the request. Bishop John R. Winder also spoke briefly, and then Patriarch John Smith gave a number of reminiscences of the past, alluding lovingly to the patriarchal life of his cousin, President George A. Smith, and referred to the numerous circle of relatives and friends, who could not be present to participate in this happy occasion. The party joined in singing "Hard Times Come Again no More," and Miss Priscilla Smith, another daughter of Sister Susan and President George A. Smith, gave a very pleasing recitation, which produced considerable merriment. The banquet served by loving hands, we leave to the imagination of the climes. readers of these hastily written pages, and Congratulations and good wishes were will only add that the day closed happily simply showered upon the honored guest of . the day, her praises were said and sung and the banquet was in every way desirable, and the tables so arranged as to give all an opportunity to see and hear. There seemed nothing lacking in the management of the entire affair, which owed its success to the tact and artistic skill of the two ladies who gave the party, Mrs. Farnsworth and Mrs. Alice Merrill Home, to whom all the guests feel indebted for the great pleasure and honor of participating in doing honor to one in every way so worthy of our love and esteem as Sister Bathsheba W. Smith. Sister Bathsheba is modest and retiring in manner and has never sought office, but the people have sought her. When the Senior Retrenchment Society was organized in 1870, and President Brigham Young called Sister M. Isabella Horne to preside, Sister B. W. Smith was chosen one of the counselors in that organization, and Sister Horne and Sister Smith are now the only two living who were appointed at that time. Sister Smith was first counselor to Sister Rachel Grant in the Thirteenth Ward Relief Society for many years, until she removed from the Thirteenth Ward to the Seventeenth Ward (where she now resides) and was very soon after elected president of the Relief Society in that ward and held the office thirteen years. In December, 1877, when the Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake was organized, she was elected treasurer, and held the position until about a year ago. In October, 1888, she was chosen second counselor to Sister Zina D. H. Young in the General Society. Although very domestic in her tastes she has done a vast amount of public duty, and now when nearing eighty years of age ts actively and constantly engaged in serving the people in the Temple where she presides as well as in the General Relief Society of which she is president. At the special conference held November 10, 1 got, Sister Bathsheba W. Smith was unanimously elected President of the Relief Society of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, with Annie Taylor Hyde first counselor and Ida Smoot Dusenberry second counselor, Emmeline B. Wells secretary and Clarissa Smith Williams treasurer. That she may live many years to fill the position of the Elect Lady in this great and grand society is the earnest wish of all who know and appreciate her labors and her many charming attributes and characteristics. In concluding this brief sketch of the life of our dearly beloved President we can truly say she has verified the words of Solomon in describing a perfect woman: "She seeketh wool and flax, and worketh willingly with her hands." "She layeth her hand to the spindle, and her hands hold the distaff." ' 'She stretcheth out her hand to the poor; yea she reacheth forth her hands to the y needy." "She openeth her mouth with - wisdom; and in her tongue is the law of kindness." "Her children blessed; her." rise up, and call her her husband also, and he praiseth (To be continued.) Mrs Ida H. Harper contributes to the March number of Pearson's an interesting article on "The home Life of Susan B. Anthony." 