WOMAN'S EXPONENT 42 Mordecai sent' to entreat Esther to seek an audience with the king, and lay before him the critical circumstances in which they were placed. She fasts and prays, and then she goes forward, with her life in her hand, saying, "If I perish, I perish!" The king held out to her the golden sceptre, heard her story, and her people were saved! Vol. 6. March , 1878. HANNAH T. KING. band and wife worthily obtained and a mutual desire to have their offspring well born- (b) Their first desire to have children well bor:n and to rear a posterity that will be valiant in the cause of truth. "Love is the divine essence of our being. It flows from ' God into our souls and is our life." - Lecture II. Study the laws of hygiene and exer- cise every means to secure health. (a) Preparation for motherhood, mentally and spiritually, (b) Prayer, (c) Cleanliness, (d) Cheerfulness. MOTHERS' WORK. WASaTCH STAKE. "Be a woman, on to duty. Raise the world from all that's low, Place high in the social heaven Virtue's fair and radiant bow, Lend thine influence to each effort That shall raise our nature human; Be not fashions gilded lady true woman." Be a brave, whole-soule- d, Harmony in the home: (a) Seek Divine aid and cultivate patience, (b) Mutual interests the greates bond, (c) Cheerfulness and smiles essential in the home. Lesson 1. . II Pi 0per amusements in the home: (a) The value of good books, (b) Music and its influence, (c) How shall we entertain our children at home, (d) Evil effects of card playing. Lesson SENTIMENT. "No matter what his rank or position may bo, the lover of good books is the richest and happiest ot the children of men." "A wise man governs his passions, a fool mits his passions to govern him." Lecture III. (a) Irreverence one of the perils of our day. (b) Deportment to husband and children. "Women must "honor and obey their husbands as the husbands do their God and the Priesthood. Thus we teach by example the first law of heaven Obedience." Lessor, V: "Honor to women! to them it is given To gladden the earth with roses of heaven' ' True meaning of motherhood. (a) Better a just mother than aa unselfish one. (b) Foundation of character laid in the first few years of a child's life. Lesson VI. Honor thy Father and Mother. (a) Respect for the aged, (b) The companionship of parents and children both for the good of the children and parents. President Anna R. Dude, First Counselor, Elizabeth Murdock, second counselor, Louisa Alexandei. Eliza Rasband, Margaret Murdock, Emma Duke, Clara Clyde, Sarah K. Duke Sec. SNOWFLAKE STAKE. Lecture I. Home and Parenthood. (a) Perfect confidence between hus The home. per- rights of a child in the Mental moral and physical endowments, (b) Proper attention to food and clothing, (c) Useful employ-men- t. (d) Respect for the child's feelings. "Train up a child in the way it should go and when it is old it will not depart from it." (a) Mother and Child. Lecture IV. "In what Christian country can we deny the influence which a mother exerts over the whole life of her child." (a) Need of inspiration, (b) Perfect confidence. The mother who is most patient, cheerful and prayerful is the one whose influence will be most strongly felt. Moral Development: (a) Restrain all evil tendencies in the child, (b) Discourage slang expressions, (c) Teach proper respect for all especially the aged. Lecture. V. Lesson III. Honor the Sabbath Day. (a) Six days shalt thou labor and do all thy work; etc. (b) The great evil of pleasure seeking on the Sabbath, (c) Late, hours, its effects, evils of children on the streets or away from home at night. Lesson IV. Respect for the priesthood. Motherhood. "Keep at the least within the compass of moral actions." J Lecture VI. System in the Home. Home! What a hallowed name! how full of enchantment and how dear to the heart. (a) Economy of time and means, (b) Order. 'A place for everything and every thing in its place." Emma S Smith President; Sarah Driggs, Mary J. R. West Counselors; Delia F. Smith Secretary, Janet M. Smith Treasurer. NORTH SANPETE STAKE. Lecture I Motherhood. E. C. D. "Multiply and replenish the earth" was the very first law ever given to the inhabitants of this world. Preparation should be made physically in proper diet, sleep, bathing, dress aud regular habits. 2. Mentally, by conversing, by observing nature and humanity, by reading, hy music vocal or instrumental, and by practising self control. 3. Spiritually, by prayer and the performance of religious duties. 1. Lectme II Study of the Child. M. L. G. To be well born is the right of every child. 1. Physical development: Attention to proper clothing, nursing, bathing, sleep. 2. Weaning, creeping, exercise, playtime, etc. 3. Mental development: (a) Training of the senses, learning to talk, telling suitable stories, (b) Every noimal child is a question mark. (c) Every wise mother should encourage this trait. 4. Moral development: (a) Parents should study peculiar characteristics of the child, (b) Obedience mnst be taught early, (c) Encourage generosity and patience. Lecture III Study of the Child continued). M. L. G. The mother's cares increase with the age of the child. (a) Provide outdoor and indoor games, (b) Give only plain and easily digested food): avoid candy, pastry, meat and pickles. (c) Reasonable work and play, establish good habits, and develop the brain and muscle. (d) Lessons taught now will remain with the child through life; stories from the Bible, Book of Mormon and Jnvenile Instructor, good pictures will be helpful, (e) The child must the rights of others; don't threut-en- , don't deceive, don't scold; love the children and keep them near you. Lecture IV Childhood. C. L.E. res-spe- ct Encourage pure thoughts and high ideals. The Gospel ideal is to reach perfection. (a) Good reading. (b) Obedience, (c) Truthfulness, (d) Deportment. (e) Generosity, (f) Prayer. Lecture V Youth. C. L. E. "O thou child of many prayers! Life hath quicksands, life hath snares; Care and age come unawares." i . Teach boys and girlr to work and take their share of the responsibility in the family. All work is honorable and begets happiness, (b) Recreation and social amusement are necessary; take the greatest care in the choice of companion!, (c) Systematic study, reading of good books. Good thoughts control good actions, (d) Reverence for God, for old age, for superiors and for law, are indispensable to a noble character, (e) Sincere prayer is the greatest safeguard against wrong doing. The character of Christ is the true ideal. (a) Lecture VI Home-nursin- g . C. L. E. Every mother should know something of the care for the sick. (a) The sick room how to make it pleasant, (b) How to make the bed. (c) Cleanliness and ventilation, (d) Bathing the patient, giving of medicines, (e) Emergencies, accidents, presence of mind, etc. M. L. Gowans, E. C. Day, C. L. Erickson, Committee, Mrs. Orinda Dudley Hornbrooke, of Newton, Mass., read an interesting paper at one of the Greenacre meetings on her cousin, Sibyl Jones, the silver-voice- d preacher and missionary of the Quakers, born in Maine, a descendant of old Gov. Dudley, who was trained in the Friends, school at Providence, R. I. 