WOMAN'S EXPONENT 32 R. S. REPORTS. STAR VALLEY STAKE. Conference held at Aftou Ward meeting house, July 20, 1903, President Alice J. Call presiding. Opened with the usual exercises. The reports showed that the ward organizations were up to date in good, practical service. The conference was noted for its many distinguished visitors, among whom were Apostle Abraham O. Woodruff, President Frank Y. Taylor of the Granite Stake of Zion, Sisters E J. Stevenson and L. D. Alder, sent by the General Board. President Call said she wished to be brief in her remarks, as we were anxious to hear from our visitors, as we have seldom been so honored. She introduced Sister Stevenson, who said: "Before I proceed farther let me give to you the love of Sister Smith and Sister Wells." Spoke of the Mothers' Work, encouraged the Relief Society teachers to seek the Spirit of the Lord. Spoke of the great responsibility of the mothers in looking after the morals of the young and of the folly of following the frivolous fashions of the woild. Sister Annie Hood then sang in her usual sweet tone, "Joseph Smith's First Prayer." Apostle Abraham O. Woodruff said: "I have been very much pleased with the remarks and also with the beautiful song we have listened to. We do not expect good boys if we do not have good mothers. Your aims should be to become ideal wives and mothers. President Frank Y. Taylor encouraged the sisters to look after the poor and those in need. Afternoon session: Sister Alder spoke of the Mothers' Work and that the happiest time in our lives is when our little ones are clinging about our knees. The remainder of the reports were given. Closing prayer, Sister Sarah A. Burton. Anniebel Y. Hill, Sec. MALAD STAKE. Conference of the Relief Society was held in Malad City, Idaho, June n, 1903, President Julia A. Richards presiding. Visitors from General Board, Sisters Clarissa S. Williams, one of the general officers of the society, and Hattie B. Harker, missionary. Samaria, St. John's, Pleasant View, Malad and Riverside reported as doing well. Sister H. B. Harker spoke upon the Mothers' Work, secret prayer as a strong support, urged the study of the children. Sister C. S. Williams said we read each others' hearts by an inward gift, expression gives comfort, let our words be in line with the priesthood; we are promised strength to overcome our weaknesses, the Lord has a work for all willing hearts to perform. Elvira A. Harrison related a testimony given to Sister Eiza R. Snow in the Logan Temple, Sister Mary A. Bolingbrolee spoke upon cheerfulness, activity and experience, R. K. President J. A.. Richards made closing remarks and bore testimony to the good spirit of the mepting. Afternoon session: First, after the usual opening exercises and transaction of business pertaining to the society, Sister Alice A. Smith was released as first counselor to the president, and Sister Eliza Hail released as stake secretary and Sister Jeannette Perkins as stake treasurer. Officers of the General Relief Society sustained by vote of the conference, then the stake officers, Julia A. Richards, President; Eliza Hall, first ' counselor; Eliza Ward, second counselor; Joanna L. Kennard, secretary; Ella S Capener, treasurer. Voting unanimous. Sister Williams presented greetings from President Bathsheba W. Smith, of love to all, said her heart is full of charity for all the sisters. ' Our first duty is to take c?re of home and family, but there is time for our spiritual talents to grow and broaden. Sister L. L. Greene Richards: "Today we are enjoying the hard labors of our parents. There was a divine power in bringing them here." Spoke along the line of instructions given in the Doctrine and Covenants, Sister Harker: "Faith in God gives us force to improve our talents, wisdom guides us in the path of safety, love and charity brings sunshine unto all." Bishop Price and Brother Jones of Samaria each bore testimony to the truth of the words spoken, and encouraged the sisters to persevere. President Richards: "Let us try and put in practice the teachings given; let improvement be our motto." Conference adjourned with singing and. The visiting sisters and stake prayer. officers afterwards held meetings at Portage and Riverside, giving general instructions; a good spirit was manifest in all. Josie Rennard, ALPINE Sec. STAKE. The tenth quarterly conference of the Alpine Stake was held at Lehi, July 30, 1903, Dr. Ellib R. Shipp and Sister Carrie S. Thomas, of the general boaTd were present. President Rebecca Standring presiding. After the opening exercises, President Standring made a few appropriate remarks and called for reports from the several President's in the Stake. Reports were very encouraging, every society being represented, love, unity and harmony pre- vailing. Sister Carrie S Thomas, spoke of many things, in reference to mothers work, she said, it is no new work, our teachers have taught us these things all the time. Our daughters need not be without these teachings it we have missed them. Sister Thomas spoke upon faith and the confidence we have in our religion and in our Heavenly Father. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp had many happy recollections of Lehi and her youthful days passed near there, but then there were no such gatherings as we have now, exhorted the sisters to have the young women join the Relief Society and aid in THOMAS DRY GOODS GO. 67, 69, 71 Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. We aim to give you as the work; the education of the Gospel brings out the best points in our character: and makes us better wives and mothers. Afternoon session. Connselor Harriet Jacobs addressed the conference, dwelling upon the testimony, of the truth and the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph, referred to the Saints in California and the good work being done there by our people; reminded the sisters it was time to be gathering the wheat, and of the necessity of taking the Woman's Exponent; it was a valuable paper and the sisters should support it. Sister Shipp said, what would the world have thought a hundred years ago to see this great body of women assembled and transacting business, bringing out the spiritual and intellectual abilities and talents? It is grand that we have this great change; urged the sisters to take the Exponent, felt it was necessary to their development; dwelt earnestly upon home influence and attractions, good books and music, order and obedience, and in fact mentioned every good thing and all that would tend to a fuller and more complete life here and hereafter. Sister Thomas thought the girls should thank the Lord every day for this society and the associations and opportunites we have to obtain knowledge, she pleaded earnestly with the sisters to take the Exponent; spoke beautifully concerning the training of children and of retaining their confidence. President Stephen L. Chipinan endorsed the remarks of the sisters, their words had been in due season, the presidency of the stake fully appreciated the labors of the Relief Society and the willing sacrifices these sisters made. President James H. Clarke, felt parents were much to blame in the training of the childien; these subjects could not be dwelt upon too seriously, thought the meeting had been profitable, we should seek the spirit of God to aid us in all our labors in life. Conference adjourned for three months. Emma Featherstone, Secretary. OBSTETRICS and NURSING. DR. MARGARET C. ROBERTS Will commence her next class in Obstetrics and Nursing on Monday, October 12, 1903. For further information enquire of Dr. Roberts, 77 C Street. Tel. 2002. Save Your Money! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust largest savings Company, the oldest and bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit marrie women and also children who are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and said interest four times a year. compute WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. Geoege M. Cannon. Cashier. Nop. Main Street, we 