WOMAN'S EXPONENT A PLEA. SAN T AFTERNOON. Mrs. Annie Mrs Dinwoodey, Joseph Arthur Jennings and Mrs. Richard Phillips Morris gave a Kensington on Tuesday, February 10, 1903. at the handsome' resiThe dence ot Mrs. Annie Dinwoodey. and room were dining parlors elegant filled with guests, some with fine needle work, some knitting and a few whose hands were idle but tongues busy. There were perhaps fifty or more ladies and a very merry company they appeared to be. By way of diversion sheets of paper and pins were passed around and each lady requested to make herself a paper hat. This occupation provoked considerable merriment and several protested against trying millinery, but busy fingers were soon at work aud when the hats began to be numerous the ladies were told to put them on. This of course was very funny; some were quaint and more or If ss becoming to pretty taces, but some were realty grotesque. They were of all styles sunshades, turbans, wide brims, sun bonnets, etc. A vote was taken for the lest and the funniest hat, and resulted in Mrs. John Sharp taking the prize for the best and Mrs. Margaret Claw-sothe booby prize for the funniest. Then came the five o'clock tea on little tables, delicious hot rolls, chocolate and every sort of luxury, and the happy party ftasted to their heart's content. It was certainly a very enjoyable affair. It is well that friends meet occasionally in this way and catch a glimpse of one another as they journey along through life "'ith its humdrum cares and everyday duties, that so engross one's time that social intercourse is a positive luxury to busy people. Mrs. Dinwoodey and her daughters, who gave the guests this happy party, are entitled to the congratulations of all who were invited. n EDITORIAL NOTES. The secretaries must not fcrgtt to send in the annual reports to the General S ere tary, very few have been received. Branches and missions in lortign countries will please take notice. So far the only ones received from foreign lands are Australia and Please direct to the Sandwich Islands. Mrs. E. B. Wells, Temple ton Building, Salt Lake City, Utah. It would be a pleasant recreation for members of the Relief Society to visit the Art Exhibit in the Social Hall during the time it is open, as many times as they can make it convenient; there is always something to be learned by looking at beautiful things, and our sisters who are desirous of promoting works of art aud things of beauty will find it helpful to visit places of this kind; besides it gives encouragement to those who are trying to improve along these lines. We understand the exhibit will be free at least three days in the week. The Relief Society in all the Stakes, branches and missions will remember, it is hoped, the anniversary of the first organ ization of the Society on March 17, 1903, sixty-on- e years ago, and will observe it in such ways as are suited to their conditions and circumstances. Do not forget the voluntary donation of ten cents to be paid annually. It is now four years since the custom was established, March 17, 1899, and will be the fifth time. Let us all hope and believe ft can be made a grand occasion for reunion and enjoyment, bringing the sisters into closer relations spiritually as well as socially. Make it a historic day for your society, reviewing its history not exactly statistically or financially, but in a general sense that will tend to make it an event of historical importance in the respective ward. HISTORY OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. MINUTES OP THE FIRST RELIEF SOCIETY. Masonic Lodge Room- Nauvoo, III., March 17, 181.2. Minutes of the first organization of the Reliet Society, as prepared by Miss Eliza R. Snow, from the original minute taken at the meeting. A preliminary meeting was held at the residence of Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, (recently deceased) at which meeting Miss Eliza R. Snow was present, and it was decided at that time toj consult President Joseph Smith about an trganization; accordingly the meeting was called by his appointment Elder John Taylor' was called to the chair and Elder Willard Richards appointed secretary. Meeting commenced by singing "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning." Prayer was offered by Elder John Taylor. It was then moved by Piesident Joseph Smith and seconded by Mrs. Cleveland that a vote be taken to know if all present were satisfied with each sister present and willing to acknowledge them in full fellowship and admit them to the full privileges of the institution about to be formed. Vote was uuanimous President Joseph Smith addressed the meeting to illustrate the object of the society; that the society might provoke the brethren to good works in looking to the wants of the poor, searching after objects of charity, ttc, to assist by correcting the morals and strengthening the virtues of the community and save the Eiders the trouble Ke proposed that the of rebuking, etc. sisters elect a presiding officer to preside over them and let that presiding officer choose two counselors; that he would ordain them and let them preside over the society just as the Presidency preside over the Church, and if they needed his instructions, ask him he would give it from "time to time. "If any other officers were needed to carry out the designs of the institution The let them be appointed and set apart. be mirutes of your meetings will precedents for you to act upon " He then suggested the propriety of electing a presidency to continue in office during good behavior, or so long as they should fill the office with dignity, etc. Motioned by Mrs. Elizabeth Ann Whitney and seconded by Mrs. Sophii Packard that Mrs. Emma Smith be chosen president; On suggestion of passed unanimously. Smith the president-elec- t President Joseph M. Cleveland Sarah of choice Mrs, made Ann Mrs Elizabeth and Whitney for counselors. The ceremony of ordination was then performed, when President Joseph Smith resumed his remarks, giving instructions how t") govern themselves in their meetings, what order to observe, etc., etc., and concluded by saying, "Do not injure the character of any one; if members of the 69 society shall conduct themselves improperly, deal with them and keep all your doings within yocrown bosoms, and hold all char- acters sacred." It was then proposed that Elder Taylor vacate the chair. President Emma Smith took the chair with her counselors. Elder Taylor, moved, seconded by President Joseph Smith, that the society go into an investigation respecting the name it should be called. Motion carried unanimously. President Joseph Smith and Elders John Taylor and Willard Richards favored the name Benevolent Society, and Mrs Emma Smith and Miss Eliza R. Snow argued in favor of Mrs Cleveland's choice. The discussion was lengthy and interesting but the decision of the majority was in favor of Mrs. Cleveland's choice, and the name selected and voted upon was Female Relief Society of Nauvoo. (The prefix female was many years ago discarded by popular vote throughout the entire organization.) By unanimous vote Miss Eliza R. Snow was elf cted secretary and Mrs. Phebe M. Wheeler assistant secretary, and Miss Elvira A. Coules treasurer. President Joseph Smith said, "I now declare this society organized with president and counselors, according to parliamentary usages, and all who shall hereafter be admitted into this society must be free from censure and received by vote." Elder Taylor addressed the meeting, saying he was much gratified in seeing a meeting of this kind in Nauvoo; his heart rejoiced when he saw the most distinguished characters stepping forth in a cause which was calculated to bring into exercise every virtue and give scope to the benevolent feelings of the female heart. He rejoiced to see this institution organized according to the laws of heaven; his prayer was that the blessings of God and the peace of heaven might rest upon the institution henceforth. President Joseph Smith gave a five dollar gold piece to commence a Relief Society fund, and said, " Whatever I do hereafter for charity, I sluill do through this ' Society." Sarah M Kimbail gave $1.00, Elizabeth Ann Whitney 50 cents, Er ma Smith $1.00 Sarah M. Cleveland 12 cents, Willard Richards $1 00, Elder John Taylor $2 00. The names of the sisters present at this meeting were: Emma Smith, Martha Knight, Elvira A. Coules, Sarah M. Cleveland, Phebe Ann Hawkes, Margaret A. Cook, Desdemona Fulmer, Elizabeth Ann Whitney, Sarah M. Kimball, Elizabeth Jones. Leonora Taylor, Eliza R. Snow", Sophia Packard, Bathsheba W. Smith. Sophia Robinson, Philanda Herrick, Phebe M. Whe'iler and Sophia R. Marks. After singing "Come let us rejoice in the day of Salvation," prayer was offered by Elder Taylor, and meeting ajdourned for one week .. . Sister Eliza R. Snow in her minutes states: "The society increased so lapidly that from the small number present at the first meeting, at the close of the fiscal year, March 17, 1843, the number was 1,158. The meetings were so large that the largest hall in the city was densely crowded and it became necessary to adjourn to the Grove, the usual place in the summer for holding Sabbath meeting, which was provided with . 