WOMAN'S EXPONENT 56 might rule the foundations of the new born mind. Warn them to wake at early dawn and sow good seed before the world has sown its tares. In our study we are seeking for what will be the ultimate good of the child, not what will be for the child's gratification, or the mother's present convenience. I. Talk Heredity. What is meant by heredity? Why do we say that the child is just like its grandfather? Do children inherit the appetites and habits of progenitors? II. Spiritual. Talk The birth of Christ. III. Talk Cht ist. What traits in Mary'? character would especially qualify her to become the mother of the Son of God? The growth ot an Infant. The baby's food, (a) When should other food than that which nature provides be given to the baby? (b) Why should the food be especially watched (c) Why should during teething? ' you not give meat to the baby? (d) Why should there be regular hours lor the baby's meals? Talk VI. Obedience. Christ's submission to hio mother-Thvisit to Jerusalem to the Passover(a) Why should children be taught early to obey their parents? (b) How can this be done? (c) How do you manage the wilful child? e - VII The Dabf s Clothing. (a) How should the clothing be cared for? (b) What is the purpose of clothing? (c) What are some good styles, for the infant's clotting? (d) Why should the clothing of the day not be worn at night? (e) What effect has long starched clothes on the baby or w'hy is the baby often 'more cross on Sunday than on other days? (f) What care should be used in dressing the cus-toms.- or feet? Talk VIII. The Sacredncss of Honor. (a) How to develop a sense (b) What does it mean to of honor? tell the truth? How can you get children to tell you of all that they do? (d) How R. K. at Home. (a) If you wish your children to love you get them to do for you. (b) Why does the mother's love go out more to the invalid child than to any other? (c) Why should the child be given special work to do? (d) Why should the child haye its own drawer or hook for its clothing? (e) Whv should not the mother put everything in the child's hands that it wants? for the What toys and other provisions for play should be; provided the child? (b) Why does the little boy take more delight in blocks of wood or boards than in the toy house completed? (c) Why the little girl in the rag doll than in the finely dressed wax one? Talk XL-Fa- ith. (a) When should children be taught to pray? (b) How will you teach them to ask a blessing? (c) When shall they take part in the family prayers, (d) How will you teach faith in the Ordi- nances? Talk XII. Review the Entire Wo?k. Susan Stevens, Martha G Lloyd, Sarah A. Barnes, Carrie Smith. Committee. 71 tive call of sleep, we must confront the fatigue, exposure, heat and cold, malaria, pestilence, contagion in higher interests than those of onr bodily welfare. He who spends his life in this way does not throw it away. It is true that in such times of physical trial and endurance one may experience great peace of mind. We may carry with us into the war of weapons or opinions a serene rest fulness. We have been called; we have not only answered, but have also gone in obedience to the sacred mandate. The most consummate rest that we can have we shall experience after this fashion. When we not only say but also act "God's will be done" we rest in tnat perfect will. What repose can be like unto this? Julia Ward Howe. NOTES AND NEWS. Mrs. Mary C. C. Bradford, president of the Colorado State Federation, proposes that a congress of clubwomen be held in Denver next June. Mrs. Bradford is now traveling in the West interesting clubs in the plan. Mrs. Stanford, just before she left for her trip around the world, gathered together many of her family valuables curios and relics and presented them to the Stanford University Museum. The collection is made up of articles of many descriptions. There are engravings, valuable porcelain ware and china and glassware. Silver spoons i f artistic workmanof the early centuries form an intership of There are the collection. esting part embroiderand Turkish costly Egyptian ies, Maltese lace, and some beautiful examples of Japanese handicraft and art. Trans-Mississip- pi HASTE AND REST. NOTICE TO SECRETARIES. Goethe says "Nature works without haste or rest. ' ' But we are more than nature, and in our spiritual life haste and rest seem to be inevitable alternatives. We are obliged in the effort called for by great crises to borrow sirength from the future, to draw without measure upon our vital forces. If this borrowed capital were not put back we would become melancholy and insane defaulters. Women, it is said, possess more of this dangerous power of borrowing nervous strength than men do and this probably accounts for the breaking down of some of them who seem at the start well endowed with personal vigor. A physiologist like the late Ceorge Combe, to whom health was the highest virtue, would shake his head and say: "You mnst not the natural But we might laws." disobey well reply that we must break them sometimes in obedience to the higher spiritual laws which it belongs to our humanity to follow and to illustrate. In the great wars of conscience, in the Herculean efforts of reform, yes, even in the sacrad offices of friendship and family affection, we must often turn our back upon the conditions of We must fast or our physical well-beinfeed poorly; we must adjourn the impera Stake and mission secretaries in the Relief Society will please remember that the year roo3 is drawing near its close, and make ready to report he year's work from January i, 1903, to December 31, 1903, so that the General Secretary may be able to make a complete report of all the stakes of Zion and all the missions. The foreign missions are requested to make correct reports of every branch society within the mission, Scandinavia, Germany, Switzerland, Holland Great Britain and Ireland, New Zealand, Tasmania, Australia, Sandwich Islands and far off Samoa Address Mrs. E. B. Wells, General Secretary, Templetou Building, Salt Lake City. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, i- Occupation of the Child Talk IX. (a) pre-nata- Talk you? Parental Influence. What is the difference between and herediti? l influence (b) How does environment effect the unborn child? (c) Why should we live much out of doors and commune with nature? (d) Why in the same family is one child fretful and morose and another cheerful, glad and happy? (e) How may the mother influence the disposition of her child? lalk IV. Study the Life of the Mother of V. and taking little things unknown to IV hy is Talk X. Play Necessary Child? His lineage. (a) Talk can you break a child from being sly Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much ag possible ior vour money. We aim to give you as ""TRY US Save Your Monoy! And when you get a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit marric0 women and also ehildrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own or der. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW W'e pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and compute said interest four times a year. WRITE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. No. 1 Main Street, 