WOMAN'S 28 EXPONENT qualified to give has, we trust, been pro ductive of a little good, and we hope to hear at the coming conference how it has been received, and what has been done EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. temporally in various localities in the line of progress in raising of means, building, Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $i.oo one copy six months, and saving of grain for future need. 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivThe Mothers' Work, which had been ered by mail, extra for postage one year. 25 cts. started during this year has, we hope been Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel disA liberal one time instrumental, not only educationally in $3.50; per month, $3.00. space count to regular advertisers. awakening thought, but in an increase of Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every membership in this very important organization. day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to In some respects the Mother's Work is Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah experimental and it has seemed a little difficult to bring it in with perfect harmony, it will perhaps convince some of the but Entered at the Post Office in Salt Lake Ctty, I tah, as sisters, who think there is very little talent Stcond-clas- s matter. in their local society, thai there is not such a scarcity of good material as they had imSalt Lake City, Utah, September, 1903 agined, and that it only wants bringing out and developing. The Gospel itselt is Woman s Exponent g. RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. l Conference of The General be held in the Salt the Relief Society will in this city, Saturday, Lake Assembly Hall October 3, 1903, meetings commencing at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. It is desired that each stake organization should be represented by the president or an authorized There will be an officers' representative. in the same buildthe in evening meeting m. at 7 p. sharp. ing Semi-annua- Bathsheba W. Smith, General President. Annie T. Hyde, Ida Smoot Dusenberry. Counselors. ZION IS GROWING. The October Conference will soon be here and one wonders what the showing will be in the way of progress and development among the Saints along the lines of temporal growth and spiritual culture, and what rapid strides have been made during the past six months with the vigorous efforts that have been put forth in missionary endeavors at home and abroad. When we hear that presidents of missions are arriving from all points north, south, east and west, one naturally infers there has been something accomplished that is worth bringing account of to headquarters, and naturally one, who is eager to see Zion prosper hopes the tidings from these places brought by these Elders is of good import. We who dwell in Salt Lake are aware that the Information Bureau has been doing a rushing business in diffusing knowledge of our work generally, people and the Latter-daand the thousands cf strangers who have registered there and have taken away our literature, must at least have been more or le: s enlightened upon the subject of and the Mormons. After all, what have we who are so zealous for the work abroad and anxious to convert the world, been doing towards our own betterment here in Zion with all the superior advantages and opportunities given to make upliftment. What have we accomplished in our as women of Zion ? We are making history every day, will it be creditable in the summing up? In the Relief Society have we something to tell of our labors during the last six There has been considerable months? done by the missionary sisters and visiting such instruction as they were able and y Mor-monis- m To do a little of one's own thinking Is very helpful and stimulating to the mind, and it is true, gainsay it who may, that we have among our people excellent material The thrilling incifor true story-tellindents cf this people's history from the time when Joseph the Prophet, only a boy, first received the ministration of angels and holy beings, the persecutions and marvelous deliverances from the power of his enemies and the blessings vouchsafed to him from time to time are positive proofs of the assertion. Perils and escapes of the Elders in their travels by sea and by laud, are all rich with interest and might be utilized in teaching tbe young to great advantage; promoting faith and confidence in the Lord, and in testimony of His divine hand in the restoration of tbe Gospel in the last days. It seems more than strange to hear people say "Where shall I find something interesting to talk about or write about?" Dear sisters, the best material you could possibly have from which to obtain a full supply is at hand in the every-da- y lives of the Latter-da- y Saints. It has become the fashion in this day to look for something new and wonderful, but that which has been tried and proven, and stood the test of time, is after all the standard. The Bible, the Book of Mormon, Church Histoiy and Church literature have not yet grown too old for use, nor are our young people quite familiar with all contained in these sacred books. Certainly not with the history of individual people who have helped to establish the great Latter-dawork, nor even of the most famous exigencies and occurrences through which this peculiar people have passed in days gone by, nor of the countries from which they have been gathered. We turn with great pride, some of us, to the history of the Pijgrim fathers and their wonderful achievements, and in many respects the history of this people is a parallel; yet because it is so familiar, in a sense, to our children they do not estimate what has been done at its full value, nor can they, seemingly, appreciate the work, the service of those who penetrated into these moun tain wilds and founded for the coming generations this great commonwealth. These are problems yet unsolved by them that many seem to esteem of little consequence, but it has taken strength of character and physical energy and endurance, vigor of mind and intellect such as the rising generation know little about, to colon ize and make habitable the great American ' g. y desert. It was not done with wealth, but with the courage energy and hard work of men and of women who knew no such wnrd as failure, and who, with mighty faith, were determined to conquer the adverse elements and overcome obstacles, to make homes to dwell in, where they might live in peace and worship God without fear or molestation from their enemies. EDITORIAL NOTES. A new book of prose and poetry will soon be issued from the press, by Louisa L. Greene Richards, tLe writer, a regular contributor to the Juvenile Instrucwell-know- n tor and occasionally to other periodicals. The title of the work is "Branches that Run over the Wall," derived from a lengthy poem (contained in the volume) paraphrased from the forepart ot the Book of Mormon. Elder George Reynolds and President Anthon H. Lund have both spoken highly A prospectus of of this particular poem. the book has already been issued with the view of giving friends the opportunity of subscribing for the book in advance. The price is one dollar per copy. The editor of this paper earnestly requests that all complaints concerning the paper be made to her, either personally or bv letter, so that the missionary sisters or others may not be troubled with them, as the Relief Society is in no way responsible for any mistakes, or neglect in the management of the editorial business or mailing department. Out of kindness the sisters who visit the conferences speak for the increase of the circulation of the paper, because it is the one paper that stands for the Relief Society and publishes in its interest news, minutes, history, deaths of prominent society workers and important matters concerning them, also sketches of the lies of distinguished pioneers, etc., which constitutes it the official organ and it is positively necessary to those engaged in this department of the work of the Church. The Relief Society in Cannon Ward of this stake was reorganized Thursday, August 6, 1903. The meeting was held in the home of Sister S. J. Cannon, Bishop Lewis T. Cannon and Counselor Gold officiating. President M. Isabella Horne, of the Salt Lake Stake, and her counselors were pres-sen- t, also General President Bathsheba W. Smith, Counselor Annie X. Hyde and General Secretary E. B. Wells. A goodly number of the locil society were in attendance. Sister Rebecca Sharp was chosen president, to fill the vacancy caused by the recent death of Sister Caroline Y. Cannon, and Sister A. J. Cannon and Ellen W. Silver were chosen counselors. Martha T. Cannon was retained as secretary, and Sister Emma Hall was elected treasurer. These sisters were set apart by Bishop Cannon and Counselor Gold. After the meet ing adjourned d duty refreshments were served to all present at the meeting. The Daughters of the Utah Pioneers held their first meeting of the season at the resi dence ot Mrs. Isabel M. W. Sears at Waterloo, Thursday, Sep. 24, 1903, President Alice Merrill Horne in the chair, assisted by her counselor, at whose home the society convened. The program was carried out as had been arranged. The meeting was very interesting, the address of Mrs. Elizabeth Nebeker, who related incidents of the visit of Joseph Smith the Prophet, when 