WOMAN'S FLORENCE. count, not distance great, Tis Love ne'er was measured by the sea, It boundless is, wide as the world, More strong than Death 'tween you and me. heart-beat- s Twill ever bind though all things lose, Its chains reach to Eternity, Will cling to those that long are gone, Who dwell beside the Silent Sea. THIRTEEN TODAY. Good wishes for thy birthday God's blessings from above Rest on thee, May, my baby. Till birthdays dawn above, ! Good bye to play and dollies, A maiden now art thou; O, shun all earthly follies, Twine wisdom on thy brow, At Jesus' feet sit lowly, How blessed there to be So graceful droops the lily O. love, so may' st thou be. Lydia D. Alder. ! HISTORY OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. ( Continued.) At the ninth Relief Society May 26th the Prophet read the 14th chapter of Kzekiel, and said the Lord had declared by that prophet that the people should each one stand for themselves and depend on 110 man or men; in the state of corruption in the Jewish Church, the righteous persons could only deliver their own souls. Applied it to the present condition, of the Saints. If the people Church of Latter-da- y from the Lord they must fall, they depart on the Prophet, hence were depending there was darkness in their minds. He had two things to recommend to the society. Be guarded in your speech, no organized body can exist without giving heed to this caution. All organized bodies have their peculiar evils, weaknesses and difficulties, the object is to make those not so good equal with the good, and ever hold the keys of power which will influence to virtue and goodness. When you chasten and reprove, never mention it again, then you will be established in power, virtue and holiness and the wrath of God will be turned away. God designs to save the people out of their sins. Jesus said "Ye shall do the works which ye see me do," these are the grand key- words for the society to act upon. The tenth meeting was addressed by Bishop N. K. Whitney, President Joseph Smith being present. "In the beginning God created man, male and female, and he bestowed upon man certain blessings peculiar to a mau of God, of which woman partook, so that without woman all things cannot be restored to the earth. It takes all to fully the Priesthood. This perfect restoration is the intent of the society, that by humility and faithfulness in connection with their husbands, they may be found worthy. "I reioice while contemplating the blessings which will be poured out on the heads of the Saints. God has many precious things to bestow, even to our astonishment, if we are faithful. I say aain I rejoice in the prospect before us. By striving for union one with another, we may be prepared for the day of choosing. Man will not choose, but God will say who is and who is not worthy. We must humble ourselves and live by the rule given for practice we re-to- re EXPONENT. 9i "must lose sight of vain things and remember that the eye of God is upon us. If we are striviug to do right, although we may err in judgment many times, yet we are justified in the sight of God if we do the best we can according to our judgment. We cannot go astray if we will strive with the energy of nur souls to do right. I rejoice that God has given us means whereby we Sixteenth meeting held in the Grove August 31st, 1842. After relating recent difficulties he had encountered while hunted by his enemies, the Prophet said: "The Relief Society has taken an active part in my welfare, in petitioning the Governor in my behalf. These measures were necessary , and your influence helped to bring about my redemption from the hands of my enereceive mies and instruction. I have come here to bless you. It may intelligence is our privilege to stand in an attitude to The society has done well, their principles get testimony for ourselves. It is as much are to practice holiness. God loves you our privilege as that of the ancient Saints and your prayers shall avail much, do not We must 'prove all things and hold fast fail to let them ascend in my behalf. The that which is good.' It is our duty to enemy will never get weary. I expect he humble ourselves, it is our most reasonwill array everything against me, txpect a able service to do it. We must proceed to tremendous warfare. He that will war the receive grace for grace, light and intel- Christian warfare will have all the powers ligence. If we have power intelligence is of darkness continually arrayed against power. I desire all evil things may be him." A few things had been manifested to him done away. But as far as possible throw the vail of charity over failings. When we during his absence respecting baptism for see one out of the way, we ought in huthe dead, which he would communicate to to next Sabbath if nothing should occur to and to counsel and strive mility go back We who those have prevent it. He then offered a fervent prayer bring strayed. After the must do as we would wish to be done by, to God in behalf of the society. this i the way to win souls and bring them transaction of some business in the adjustback. Far be it from me to harbor iniquity ment of which President Smith offered and outbreaking sins. We may have dif- counsel, he said he had one more remark to ferent views of things Still there is some make respecting baptism for the dead, criterion which all may come to and by which must suffice for the present and unbringing our minds and will into subjection til he had the opportunity to present the to the law of the Lord may come to a subject at greater Lngth. All persons baptized for the dead must unity. a recorder present that they maybe have "It is impossible while finding fault with to testify of it. It will be an one another to be united. Would to God I in Great Council that these the necessary had power to bridle my tongue, I am too be testified of. should be atthings apt to make remarks; have decided to set a tended to from this time. It there is any If double watch on my tongue and not offend be it at lack the may expense of our one of the little ones. I wish nobody harm; friends." wish it were in my power to save all within This was the last Relief Society meeting the reach of mercy. Some may say I have President Joseph Smith attended. that not been so faithful as I might have been, During the two years administration of or my voice would oftener have been heard Emma Smith and her associates, President in the congregations of the Saints, but I were appointed to search sisters rejoice in God that all is; as well with me as visiting , to find work for the out the needy, it is. I assure you there are great blessrereceive to to contributions and ings before you that would astonish you if conditions. port for I came here you could behold them. The labors of the society were extended the purpose of listening to President Smith to the four wards of the city. and being instructed by him. "I wish to encourage you. to persevere in ITEMS FROM NIBLEY, OREGON. the ways of righteousness. There are great blessings to be conferred as soon as our NIbley, Oregon, May, 1903. You hearts are prepared to receive them. have my heart's desire for the prosperity of Deat Sister: the society and I pray my Heavenly Father been a long time since I wrote to that you may go on and glorify your theIt has but I feel it my duty to Exponent, position." write and let you know of our society in Eleventh meeting, June 9th, President Nibley away off in Eastern Oregon. We J. Smith. "It grieves me that there is no have a good Relief Society and have about fuller fellowship, if one member suffers all twenty names enrolled. feel it, by union of feeling we obtain We have a new town just started here power with God. Christ said He came to with about thirty-fiv- e families The town call sinners to repentance and to save them, is as been it has settled building up fast, Christ was condemned by the righteous about two years. There are about twenty Jews because he took sinners into His new buildings besides the old ones. Nib-le- y society, He took them upon the principle is situated on a sandridge about fourthat they repent. Nothing is so calculated teen miles east of La Grande City, and about to lead people to forsake sin, as to take five miles west of Cove. All kinds of fruit them by the hand and watch over them can be raised here and it is also a good with tenderness. The nearer we get to our country for grain. Heavenly Father, the more we are disposed Com, to look with compassion on perishing souls. I say to this society if you would have God Dr. Helene Stocker is the editor and have mercy on you, have mercy on each Carmen Teja the assistant editor Fraulein other. How mild the Savior dealt with a new of paper for women, Ftauen RundPeter, saying, 'when thou art converted, time schau, published at Leipzig, Germany. Its strengthen thy brethren.' At another ' He said to him, 'Lovest thou me?' Feed aim is to promote the movement for equal my sheep.' This society is not only to re- rights. Dr. Anita Augspurg and Dr. Kathe Schirmacher are among the contributors, lieve the poor, but to save souls." eye-witne- ss able-bodied- 