WOMAN'S EXPONENT Sister Martha K. Beesley, who departed this life December 23, 1902. Deceased was the daughter of Dr. John and Sister Jane Riggs, and was born in Provo, May 31, 1854. She was the mother of six children, four of whom survive her, who with her husband, aged mother and three sisters are called to mourn her loss. She was faithful, kind and aifectionate and was beloved by all her associates. She was an energetic worker in the cause of truth and was called to the office of secretary of the Y. L. M. A. when it was first organized in Provo under the direction of Sister Margaret Smoot; she was also secretary of the Relief Society from the year 1900 until her demise. of RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Resolved, That we recognize in her death the loss of a bright and energetic worker and that the officers and members of our ward emulate her noble example. Resolved, That we extend our sympathy to the bereaved husband and children and her aged mother and her sisters, and pray the Holy Spirit may comfort them. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be sent to the husband and children, also to the Woman's Exponent for publication, and be placed upon the record of our 6th Ward Relief ilociety. Electa Bullock, Elizabeth M. A. MARY ing the first winter in the old fort, where her babe, Emma S., was born, the food at that time being very meager. During those and many other trying circumstances, her husband was called to go South to defend the Saints against the Indians who were very hostile at that time. She cheerfully submitted, caring for her young children and praying for her husband's safe return. She was the mother of thirteen children, seven of whom preceded her to the spirit world. She leaves a husband, six children, forty-nin- e grandchildren and eight great grandchildren. resolutions of respect. Whereas our Heavenly Father has called her to a higher sphere, we shall miss our beloved sister and president. Resolved, To remember her long for the good she has accomplished while with us. Resolved, That the members of the 6th ward Relief Society of Salt Lake Stake, cherish her memory and emulate her energies, perseverance and virtues through times of trial, connected with the work of benevolence, kindness and charity. Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be presented to the family in behalf of the society by the secretaries, also one be placed on the records, and that they be published in the Woman's Exponent. E. W. Condif, Esther H. Watson, Secretaries. II. D. Brown, Till, 79 Committee. ANN SMITH. Mrs. Mary Ann Smith, widow of the late Samuel Smith, died at her home in Brigham City Wednesday, January 21, 1903, after a short illness, years and seven month. aged ninety-on- e She was born June 17, 1811, at Harrow, Middlesex, England, was baptized a member of the Church in 1842 by the late President Lorenzo Snow. The following year she came with her husband to America. They shared in all the trials and hardships endured by the Saints in the early, days of the Church. They came to Utah in 1850, and in 1855 settled in Brigham city. Sister Smith was a faithful wife, mother and friend, honored and beloved by all who knew her, "Those who knew her best loved her most." She was the mother of nine children, two only surviving her, Hyrum Smith, of Riverside, Idaho, and Mrs. Merritta Ormsby, of Logan, Utah. When the Relief Society was organized at Brigham City, Sister Smith was selected as treasurer and held the position for several years. Solemn and impressive ceremonies were held in The the Tabernacle on Friday, January 23. Tabernacle choir rendered sweet and appropriate music and many loving tributes were paid to her memory by the speakers, all testifying to her and kindness of heart. faith-;ulne- ss "We hope to meet thee, sister dear, Sometime, somewhere; To know thee as we knew thee here, Sometime, somewhere." Susannah P. Booth, President. Annie J. Wixom, Secretary. ISABELLA WEST., It has pleased our Heavenly Father to take from this mortal sphere our beloved president, Isabella West, of the Sixth Ward Relief Society, wife of Jesse West, and a pioneer resident of the Sixth Ward and a faithful Latter-da- y Saint, who died at her home, 322 W. Fifth South St., January 26, 1903, after a lingering illness. Sister West was born in Derbyshire, England, April 9, 1828, embraced the Gospel in her native land, July 23, 1848, emigrated to America in the fall of 1849 an(i arrived in Salt Lake City, where She she has resided continuously ever since. identified herself with the first Relief Society, known as the 5th and 6th ward Relief Society; was called to act as first counselor to President Fullmer, March 1, 1883. After the death of President Fullmer she was chosen and set apart by Bishop James C. Watson as President of the Sixth Ward Relief Society, October 5, 1892, which position she held up to the time of her demise. Ever faithful in the discharge of her duties, earnest in her mission of nursing and caring for young mothers in their times of trial, ministering to them she might indeed be termed a mother in Israel, Giving her aid to the sick and afflicted, encouraging the sisters in this benevolent work, never tiring, and always a true friend, gentle and unassuming. Hav-n- g passed through many trials in early days, pass ITEMS FROM MINK CREEK, IDAHO. . It is seldom anything is heard at headquarters from our little settlement. The beautiful snow is more plentiful than usual and as a consequence the sleighing is the very best, though, with us an exceptional cold wave the last week or two. The Relief Society is doing good work, the health of the people generally is very good. At the society meeting on February 3, the sisters gave a surprise to the president of the society, Sister Ingrid Graham, (it being her 64th birthday anniversary) a token of the esteem they have for their president. They also presented her with a warm big coat for winter use, adapted for the cold spell that has been here for some time past. After the surprise the sisters rejoiced and sang praises to the Lord. On the 1 2th of February a feast was arranged in the ward for the aged people, and the widows, missionaries families and orphan children. A fine program was rendered, consisting of songs, music and recitations. The Bishop bade the people welcome in Some of the a few appropriate remarks. older brethren and sisters expressed their pleasure at the reception given them and the consideration shown them in their declining years. One old lady, said when the white bow was pinned on her breast, "This will be my last year in this probation." After a blessing being offered a repast was partaken of seasoned with songs, music A large and general visiting together. come had ward of the number of the people to and in the program together to take part fathers wait upon the aged veterans, their and mothers, grandfathers and grandmothers. In the evening a dancing party was given in which some of the older people participated as in their younger days. Nels Graham. R. S. REPORT. WAYNE STAKE. The Relief Society conference of Wayne Stake was held at Thurber, January 22, 1902, Counselor G. S. Bastion, Patriarch E. H. Blackburn, Bishop Henry Morrell and other brethren being present, and' Stake President Jane S. Coleman presiding, prr Singing "The happy day,"etc. Prayer offered by Patriarch E. H. Blackburn. Singing, "Joy to the world, "ff: Minutes of the morning session of the previous conference were read and accepted. President Jane S. Coleman was pleased to meet with the brethren and sisters and wished them all a prosperous new year. Said we are subject to strife in this life and the Lord will be near to us if we will draw near to Him. We should see that none of the poor suffer. The duty of Relief Society sisters is to care for children and kome. Read an article on the Word of Wisdon from the Juvenile Instructor, also spoke upon the Word of Wisdom, said it should be practiced in daily life. President's reports: Harriet Stapely, Loa; Helen Mayfield, Lyman; Sarah G. Meeks, Thurber; Sister Mary J. Wilson, Teasdale. Counselor Sarah Forsythe was pleased with the reports, hoped that the sisters would improve during the coming year, and said judgments will begin at the house of the Lord. Do the little duties first. Spoke on the Word of Wisdom, keeping the Sabbath day holy and many other subjects. President G. S. Bastion was pleased to meet with the sisters in conference, endorsed the remarks of the sisters, said we should teach our children to honor and respect the priesthood, spoke upon the subject. Sister Anna Coleman was pleased to meet with the sisters in conference and hear the instructions given, they are timely if we will put them into practice. Conference adjourned until 2 p. m. Singing, "Come, O Thou King of kings " Benediction by Bishop Henry Morrell. Afternoon session was called to order by President Jane S. Coleman. Singing "Do what is right." Prayer by Elder Heber J. Wilson. Singing, "We thank Thee, O God, for a prophet." Minutes of the afternoon session of previous conference were read, also the statistical and financial reports, the General Board and Stake officers were unanimously sustained, and Counselor Sarah S. Forsythe spoke upon sericulture and other subjects. Patriarch E. H. Blackburn was pleased to meet in conference and bid the sisters God speed. Said let us put into practice what we have heard. Spoke of mothers training their children, home making and gave good instruction to the young people on marriage. Bishop Henry Morrell was pleased with the instructions given, we should practice what we her. Spoke about the recreations of the young people. Sister Sarah E. Eskersley bore testimony to the truth of the Gcspel. Sister Eliza Brinkerhoff bore testimony. President Jane S. Coleman said we should take the instructions home to the different wards and practice them in our lives; made other closing remarks. Singing, "See the mighty angel flying." Benediction by Heber Mulliner. Anna Coleman, Sec. At the last State convention in Buffalo in was decided to make Miss Anthony 's birthday Donation Day to secure money for State work, and it is hoped that clubs all over the State will carry out this plan. , 