1 WOMAN'S KXPONKN i We give this as a sample of the Sessons. various parts of Utah and adin done work jacent territory at an early period while the people were stauggling to establish homes and comforts for themselves and those who would gather here in the future. The first Relief Society was organized April 24, 1846, by Bishop John Stoker and his counselors, Anson Call and William Atkinson. RESOLUTIONS. We, the females of the North Canyon Ward, whose names shall hereafter te attached to this article, ever feeling a lively duty in our Redeemer's kingdom, and for the general welfare of Zion's cause, do mutually unite ourselves together for the benefit of the poor, and all other charitable purposes wherein we can prove ourselves useUnder the ful to our fellow creatures. name of the Female Relief Society of North ' Canyon Ward. Whereas for the better organization of our Society, would appoint the following officers who shall hold their office during the pleasure of said society. First a president who may choose two counselors, a secretary who shall keep a correct account of all the transactions of said society; a treasurer who shall keep an exact account of means that may be paid into her hands, and also paid out and to whom. And make a full report of receipts and expenditures once in three months or oftener if said society shall require it. And further all laws and that shall be made for the regulating of said society shall be in force uutil repealed by said society. And we in our united faith will ever pray that the blessing of the Holy Spirit may ever attend our every duty. Elizabeth Bailow was sustained as president; Louisa Grant as first counselor; Hannah Hollbrook as second counselor; Phebe C. Sessons as secretary; and Lucina Sessions as treasurer. There were seventy-nin- e sisters became We held fourteen meetings and members. did a good deal of work for the poor. One poorifaniily received $60 68 in the short time we held our meetings. On account of the move South these meetings were by-la- WEDDINGS AND RECEPTIONS. "Marriage is the The self-begetti- ng g miracle, wonder daily fresh." life-lon- 45 The reception was literally crowded with the many friends and relatives, and there were presents galore, it would be quite impossible to name them. The most distinguished guest present was the bride's grandmother who looked as fresh and happy as the younger women, although she counts her years far beyond four-scorMay the new bride be as celeshe shall be a witnees of her when brated, granddaughter's marriage. Mr. and Mrs. Whitney the newly-wedde- d pair have a snug little cottage under the brow of the hill, just where they have played together when happy children and Bishop O. F. Whitney (brother of the bridegroom) wrote for this special occasion, "Chimes and Rhymes," setting forth the e sports when City Creek canyon was different most of the merrie company then assembled played thereabouts many games and pranks. But Fay and Minnie have their own neat little cottage where the bride, e. old-tim- "Across the threshold led, And every tear kissed off as soon as shed His house she enters, there to be a light, Shining within when all without is night; A guardian angel o'er his life presiding, Doubling his pleasures, and his cares dividing." The marriage ceremony that united William H. Foliaud and Grace Freeze was in the Salt Lake Temple on FriNov 6, 1903, by President John R. day, Winder. The bride is the daughter of Hon. James P. and Lillie T. Freeze, and is a great favorite wherever she is known, the young man is fortunate to secure so lovable not only and charming a for this world but for eternity. May their voyage' through life be as free from storms and adversities as it is possible in gaining the experiences preparatory to higher advancement hereafter. sol-omniz- ed n, "There's a bliss beyond all that th minstrel has told, When two, that are link'd in one heavenly tie, With heart unchtnging. and brow never cold. Love on thro' all ills, and love on till they die." But we would say love on thro' all the endless ages of the life to come. A brilliant reception was held at the bride's home in the evening and all passed off merrily, the bride in simple white and roses was sweet and charming and the guests were joyous there were some very beautiful songs sweetly sung by Miss Emily Larson, and there was good cheer in abundance and the congratulations and good wishes for the young couple were genuine in tone and sentiment; if half of them come to pass life will be to this bridal pair one perfect holiday. God grant it may! There were numerous gifts more than it is possible to count or to mention, but the gifts of love and friendship after all surpass silver, or china, or rare ornaments of costly value and these young people we are sure deserve all the love. and all the material gifts that were showered upon them on that memorable day. Thers's an old saying that marriages are made in heaven; whether this be so or not, we hope and believe the union of Fay and Minnie will be as happy and as lasting as though it really were all planned in the celestial world. The marriage ceremony which united for time and all eternity La Fayette T. Whitney and Minnie James was solemnized in the Salt Lake Temple at high noon Thursday, September 17, 1903. In the evening a brilliant reception was at the residence of the bride's parents, of their kind! William and Minnie Home James. The "But happy they! the happiest and in one fate stars When unite, gentle bride was sweet and charming in her Their hearts, their fortunes and their beings blend !" simple white dress, with her spray of lovely white roses, but she was no sweeter than the young bridegroom, whose purity DAUGHTERS OF THE PIONEERS. of life and high ideals entitle him to be loved and honored by all, and so this Saturday October 24, 1903, the Daughof the Pioneers met at the residence of for ters and are equally matched, young couple and Mr. Mrs. W. B. Dongall, Mrs. Isabel and we their future prosbespeak happiness M. W. rich Sears, first counselor in the chair in experiences. perity with . the absence of the President, Mrs. Alice Merrill Home; the program was carried out as follows, after singing and prayer by the Chaplain Mrs. Margaret P. Young. Kirtland the first harvest written by Mrs. I. M. W. Sears, was read by Mrs. Elizabeth S. Wilcox, and was full of reminiscences of Joseph the Prophet and of the early days, and the men and women who laid the foundation of the Church and recalled to mind many incidents of that pericd of which so little is known by our young people. The hymn, "There's a feast of fat things" was sung by the ladies. Mrs. Edna L. Smith and Mrs. Annie T. Hyde leading. Elder Nathan Tanner a number of Zion's camp then gave from memory in a most touching style a brief account of the wonderful company, who went up to Missouri to redeem Zion. Br. Tanner is now in his 80th year, when he went with Zion's camp he was a very young man of eighteen years, he is the only surviving member of that heroic band (so far as we know), they are all gone now, and Br. Tanner alone survives to tell the story of that remarkable pilgrimage, one of the most trying and thrilling in the history of the Church. The Daughters were fortunate in getting this personal recital from one who took part in that memorable journey. The hymn, "The Spirit of God like a Fire is Burning," was sung by the congregation, and the benedictiou by the chaplain, and the meeting adjourned for one month. Tuesday, November 24, 1903, the Daughters of the Pioneers met at Mrs. Feramorz Little's residence, President Alice Merrill Home in the chair. Opening exercises were followed by "Reminiscences from private Journals" by the President, who related some of the sad experiences of the journey from Nauvoo to Winter Quarters where so many of the Saints succumbed to the hardships of those perilous times, and were buried by the wayside, she mentioned, in this connection Sister Susannah Biglerv mother of our General President of the Relief Society, who died as a martyr to the truth in Winter Quarters. Sister B. W. Smith gave some of h?r own experiences and acquaintance with those who have figured so conspicuously in the latter-da- y work. The incidents were very and impressive. thrilling Mrs. Julia P. M. Farnsworth read a well written and instructive paper on "Trials in Missouri," and "The Prophet in Chains," incidents in which some of her own progenitors participated and which are almost too terrible to be told, unless one had the heart of a lion. Mrs. Farnsworth has an excellent voice, and gave many points in her narrative in regard to the sisters' sufferings during that terrible persecution. Mrs. John Q. Cannon related an incident, in regard to the ignominious death of Governor Ford of Illionis. Meeting was favored with a solo, "Down by the River's Verdant Side," by Miss Owen, accompanied on the piano by Miss Clarissa Dougall. Secretary Miss Lillian Home read the minutes which were approved, and meeting adjourned to December 5, at Mrs. C. F. Wilcox residence. ANNUAL MEETING D. R. Daughters of the Revolution State Society met on Monday, November 16, 1903, at the residence of Judge and Mrs. W. H. King, 