WOMAN'S EXPONENT ters there, full of faith and energy; the people are coming and going all the time, so it is rather discouragiug because when the sisters move away there has to be a reorganization, yet they do finely. I feel badly that I cannot give more time to this work, but I have a family of little ones and cannot do more. We are helping the Bishops to build meeting houses, and in this the sisters have done remarkably well, and we help the poor and the sick, we hope to be able to do more in the future than we have the past." Box Elder Stake, President Susannah P. Booth, they were in good condition, they traveled with the brethren in visiting the Stake, it took a week to get around, they had seven or eight thousand bushels of grain laid up, she felt they had as good and as faithful sisters in Box Elder as could be found anywhere, her repoit was an excellent one in every respect. President Williamina Erickson of North Sanpete Stake, they visited all the branches twice a year, but recently had to miss some on account of sickness, believed all were trying to live their religion and do the best they could. "We have but one sisters' hall in the Stake but two others are in process of erection." She hoped to receive instruction and be enabled to go forward in the good in work. .President Rebecca L. Rawlins, Benson Stake, gave some statistics, stated that the poor were well cared for and the Bishop said they could not do without the Relief Society, referred to having changed their old wheat for new to good advantage, mothers' work had been started in all the wards and were very interesting, President of the Stake and Bishops had visited them and were delighted, she considered it an honor to be associated with our president and associates. President Christina Sorenson, Sevier Stake, said all the wards in that Stake were in good condition, they had held conference on March 21, and all were represented, they had three halls and seven granaries in that Stake, hold four conferences in a year, changing the places to accomodate the have mothers' work in some wards, places. Sister Margaret C. Hull sang a solo, "O Come Unto Me." Benediction. .Adjourned until 2 p. m. E. B. Wells, Sec. OBITUARIES. DEATH OK SISTER MARY P. JACOHSEN. On March 3, 1903. we were called upon to part with one of our most beloved sisters. Sister Mary I Litz Jacobsen. She was born in Virginia, March 24, 1S63, and was one of the first of her father's family to embrace the Gospel. She met with opposition from her parents, but asked the assistance of the Lord, that she might join the Church and at the same time remain obedient to her parents. In answer to her prayer her mother was convinced in a dream that it was her duty to consent to the oaptism of her daughter. Though she has departed from this sphere of action, the memory of her noble character and Her life was ingood deeds still remain with us. deed worthy of emulation, for she was one of women. All d of the most noble and who knew her loved her. She had a loving smile and kind word for all. She was ever faithful in the performance of her duty and could always give words of counsel and comfort. ' She has labored in the different associations tor many years, mainly in the Y. L. N. M. I. A. and Relief Society, having been counselor in the Y. L. N. M. I. A. of Lewiston for a number of years, and also secretary in the Relief Society, and was at the time of her death secretary of the Ben pure-minde- 87 son Stake Relief Society. She never shirked from any task placed upon her, though for many years she had poor health. She leaves a husband and two children, a son and a daughter, her son having left for the mission field but two weeks before her death. Although she was sick at the time of his departure, she did not wish him to remain, but desired to see him go when he was called. Maria Huttleballe, Cor. Sec. N. W. R. S. REPORT. TO THE NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN, EXECUTIVE SESSION, 1903, GIVEN BY DELEGATE CLARISSA S. WILLIAMS. Madame President, Officers and Members of the National Council of Women of the United States: Dear Friends: Since the report of the National Womans' Relief Society made at the Triennial in Washington, D. C, in February, 1902, there seems but little of importance to report. In April of that year the general officers of the society published a pamphlet of one hundred pages, containing a brief sketch of the society, its history, work and aims, and a biography of its new president, Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith, with general instructions to the members and other minor matters pertaining to the society. May 13, the new president of the National Council, Mrs. William Tod Helmuth, and honorary president, Mrs. T. St. John's Gaffney, with the president and members of the General Federation of Clubs, paid Salt Lake a flying visit on their return from Los Angeles, California. Their train being late, there could not be a Council meeting as we had anticipated. A delegation of ladies from the N. W. R. S. and Y. L. N. M. I. A. met them at the station on their arrival and accompanied them to the Tabernacle recital and also on an excursion to Saltair, and gave a reception in their honor in the evening at the residence of the Mrs. Alonzo E. Hyde, where met many of our most prominent they citizens. We were very desirous of having them remain with us longer, but that was not possible. May 15, our society in connection with the Y. L. N. M. I. A,, celebrated the Universal Peace Day throughout all our organizations, in every city, town and hamlet as far as they could be reached by correspondence and otherwise, inviting and urging all to attend, of whatever church or creed or belief. The resolutions sent out by Mrs. May Wright Sewall, who was in charge of the affair in the United States, were read and voted upon unanimously by all present, alrrost without exception. This demonand we feel posistration was in success brilliant a tive was diffusing sentiand arbitration, as there ments of peace enthusiasm manifest, and our was much women feel this awakening in the cause of peace is in the right direction to bring about better conditions for all mankind. The silk industry which has always been fostered and encouraged by the society has done some active work during the year in planting out hundreds, and even thousands of mulberry trees on land owned by the society in localities suitable to sericulture. The leaves give food to the silk woims while they spin their cocoons, and the State pays a small bounty on the best quality of cocoons. Young girls in large numbers have been taught the art of reeling silk, through the influence of the women of this benevolent organization. vice-preside- g, A large class of young women are studying to become trained nurses with an emi. nent woman physician Dr. Margaret Cf Roberts, under the auspices of the Relie Dr. Roberts employs the best Society. and physicians surgeons known to the medical faculty of this city to give lectures to the class from time to time, besides her own These nurses regular course of training. expect to give a certain proportion of time (stipulated for in a written agreement) to charity, nursing among the poor under the direction of a general superintendent, Mrs. Emma A. Empey. This will be given in the locality from which they were sent, when they have finished the course and returned home equipped for service with certificates from the Medical Board after These young passing their examinations. students are 87 in number, and are from Idaho, Wyoming, Arizona, Oregon and New Mexico, as well as Utah. This last year there has been introduced into the society what is designated mothers' work as a department, with the hope that young mothers may be materially benefited and helped through systematic method permeating the home life of parent and child. This is being done through lectures by women of large experience in such matters as relates to motherhood in all its phases, and open discussion permitted after the lecture, or questions asked by those desiring information and to be replied to with intelligent explanations, that all may get a clear understanding of what has been given by the speaker. We are also introducing, wherever practicable, domestic science and hygiene as helps to young housekeepers who have not had the advantages of home training along these lines, and as a matter of economy in saving time and labor, that the mother may devote more time and energy to the spiritual and intellectual growth of herself and family. In the way of material progress the society is building more houses and halls for meetings and other purposes, and granaries for storing wheat against a time of scarcity or of need. One Stake house has been finished, furnished and dedicated during the last year. It is situated in the city of Ogden, and was built by the donations of the society in Weber Co., for conferences and mass meetings, lectures, etc. The of who the county, president superintended and planned the building, is Mrs. Jane S. Richards, well known to some of the ladies of the Council. In all the labors undertaken by the society they never lose sight of the main object of the society, viz: to care for the poor, the sick, the sorrowing and unfortunate; to strive to make their burdens lighter, and to alleviate distress and comfort the mourner; to watch by the bedside of the dying, and minister such spiritual consolation as will help to soothe the last hours of the sufferer; to pour the healing balm of love and sympathy into the wounded hearts of those who mourn, and make their sorrows lighter by sweet and tender interest in their welfare. Such is the mission and labor of these faithful sisters of mercy and of charity, whose deeds of loving tenderness cannot be recorded. In looking over the reports made by the secretaries from the Stakes of Zion and missions, there was one Stake that reported 77 head of sheep. In summing up the labors of the society during the past year, it is notice- - 