Mr WOMAN'S EXPONENT (b) How does a child get his first ideas of God's love, truth and justice ? (c) Can extravagance at home teach dishonesty ? (d) Should discourtesy to children be the rule at home ? (e) Why should children have set tasks and light responsibilities within the home ? (f) When should a child be permitted social life outside the family ? (g( Does the judgment of a child develop early ? Should he rule in the home? (Refer to Doc. Cov. Sec. Instructor July VII. Lecture 68, 25 verse; Juvenile 1, 1903.) Child's Mace m ike Home: "Oh thou child of many prayers. Life hath quicksands -- life hath snares, Care and age come unawares." ! (a) What special teaching should boy receive and when ? (b) How should we teach our daughters ? (c) Dwell upon the mission of both. (d) Should boys and girls be allowed to associate together ? (e) Show the evil effect of an excess of social life to our boys and girls. (f) Also show the evils of late hours to their physical; and moral development. (g) In what way do our hopes center upon our boys and girls ? Lecture XI. The Law of Chastity: "Gather them close to your loving heart, "A mother's holiest task is to keep Her darlings pure and true, Her constant care, her watchful prayer, Alone can guide them through.' Cradle them on your breast, They will soon enough leave your brooding care, Soon enough mount youth's topmost stair, Little ones in the nest." Should each child have some in part keeping up the home ? (b) What effect ha9. responsibility on character ? (c) What is the effect of not feeling one's self a necessary element in the home? (d) Why should mother and child be united, and their interests be one? (e) How far should the freedom of the child extend within the home ? (f) Why should a child's rights be determined by obedience to law ? (a) Give the true definition of chas- (a) (Refer to Doc. and Cov. Sec. 83, Lecture VIII. Necessity of Retaining the Child's Confidence: (a) Why should fear be avoided in ? (b) Define faith in God (Doc. and dren ? (d) How can the home influence and conversation promote purity of heart ? (e) What are the effects of breaking these laws among us as a people today ? (Refer to Juvenile Instructor, page 688; Matt, vi Lecture XII. November 15, 8 ) Marriage Object and Sacred-nes-s of: Sec. 49, verse 15.) (a) Define faith or confidence in father and mother . (d) Why should a mother listen to the child's experiences of the day. (e) Explain the danger of practicing deception in the governing of children. (f) How does a parent's strengthen the confidence of the child? (c) nt Employment and Occupation of What is the object of marriage ? (Gen. i: 28.) (b) Cov.) Lecture IX. (b) How and where can personal purity and chastity best be taught ? (c) How can we as mothers best avoid impure thoughts within our chil- "And again I say unto you that who so forbid-det- h to marry is not ordained of God, for marriage is ordained of God unto man.' ' (Doc. and Cov. "Oh. what a tangled web we weave, When first we practice to deceive." the government of the young tity. j 902, verse 4.) 31 How should we prepare for mar- riage? (Doc. and Cov. Sec. 132, 15-6- 6 verses. ) What are the existing evils regarding this covenant today? best (d) How can we as Latter-day- s overcome these evils ? (c) Nellie C. Taylor, Wealthy R. Clark, Athalia M. Stead, Maria Clark, Committee. Susan Grant, President Relief Society Davis Stake. Our Children: "Work for some good, be it ever so slowly Labor all labor is noble and holy." ! (a) Why is activity so essential in the young ? (b) How and by whom should it be directed ? ' (c) Why Is reading to and story telling beneficial in the training of the child? (d) Why is the study of music beneficial, and at what age should it begin ? (e) When should the child be given tasks to perform ? (f) When should he share responsibility? (g) Why are the idle moments of danger to the child ? (Refer to Doc. and Cov., Sec. 42, verse 42.) Out Girls and Boys the Fathers and Mothers of the Next Generation: Lecture X. ELLIS R. SHIPP, M. D. It is a difficult task to outline in a few paragraphs even the most important fea The tures of a noble and useful life. real history must at best be left largely to the imagination, we can only point out the mile stones. The truest histories are recorded on the unwritten pages of life's annals, so we give but a faint glimpse of the subject oi this sketch. Dr. Shipp is the eldest daughter of William F. and Anna Reynolds, and was born in Davis County, Iowa, January 20, 1847, and came to Utah in her early childhood with her parents, who settled in Pleasant Grove, Utah County, where she was reared a child of nature amid the wilds of our then desert inland country, posse sing few advantages of education, but her eager soul thirsting for knowledge reached out beyond all the meager possibilities of her girlhood, and she acquired an education enjoyed by ' very few in those early days of toil and hardship. On May 5th, 1866, she was married to Milford B. Shipp, a man of learning and intelligence, who at once recognized her talents and marked out for her a literary career, wnen tne niotner ot nve cnuaren, and with the grand predominating characteristic of motherhood thoroughly awakened by a desire ior the higher development of her growing family, she bravely looked into the new, and then unpopular sphere of labor for women, and undertook the study of medicine; having been a most devoted wife and mother, it required a great effort to leave her home and young children, but realizing the benefits which must follow the separation, not only to them and herself, but to many others, she overcame her tender longings for home and the hearthstone for the good she might do, and in 1875 became the second woman in Utah attempting to master the seience of medicine and entered the Wonum's Medical College of Pennsylvania. Dr. Shipp has proved that the "tender-es- t are the bravest." While ardently engaged in her studies at college she passed through, with proud and faithful resignation, the hopeful and anxious period of motherhood and gave birth to a beautiful daughter, nor did the love and care for the child hinder in any way the progress of the mother's studies, but on the contrary the new joy but enhanced the pleasure of college life and practically relieved the lonely from all other loved ones. heart, In 1 888 Dr. Shipp not only obtained her degree, but also received the highest compliments and recommendations from the pro fessors, and ever since graduating has been an undaunted, persistent worker in her and is also very popular, especially her patients, for her beautiful symamong pathetic bearing consoles the suffering one, and dignity while her great confidence in her most perfect gives one the ability. Possessing refined literary tastes she occasionally rests her busy mind by reveling At one in the pleasures of the Muses. in the husband her assisted she time publication of a medical journal "The Sanitarium," and is at present engaged upon a work designed especially for the benefit of Her writings breathe of the spirit women. of inspiration on grand and lofty themes and her poems especially are soulful, tender and sweet. In all her busy professional and literary duties she still finds time for social duties and the cultivation of friendship, and by numberless gentle acts demonstrates her great capacity for loving and her just claims for being loved. Her highly religious and intensely sympathetic soul naturally calls her in the higher works for the wider development of heart and brain and the uplifting and comforting of God's sufThe fering and sorrowing children. sensitive and intellectual qualities of her nature shine through the beautiful, womanly features with refined and quiet force that Is irresistible. For her children, now ten in number, have her most heroic sacrifices been made and her wonderful mother love has been the main inspiration to all achievements, as it is the crowning glory of her beautiful, unslfish and exemplary life. self-exile- d, pro-fesssio- n, self-contr- ol ex-qusite- ly Sait Lake City, IjLLiE Freeze. May 15, 1893. 