WOMAN'S IO born a sweet little Swedish "Flicka." She like all ot her people was raised to work and be industrious and She joined the Church in an early day, came to Utah a young and blushing maiden and captivated the heart of one of our best citizens. They were married and settled here in this lovely city in which we have met today. For twenty years she took account of all the nickels and dimes and each bar of soap and yard of calico received by the Rdief Society of Sandy, for she held the exalted office of secretary. She was chosen counselor to Sister Bateman in the Stake, January 21, igco, which office we know she will fill with honor. We know she has always been found, tried and true and we d face smiling hope to see her as and us the years days go by and among we would just give her a word of advice, if she don't be a pretty good girl she had better, for we know there is one ot the High Council always has his eye on her. self-sustainin- good-nature- AGNES CUTLER. Away back in Scotland there was born When one day a dear little Scotcb lassie. Church small her the parents joined quite and like many others gathered to Zion and settled in Salt Lake City. She, like our president, learned the fine art of spinning and coloring, and her joyous laugh rang out as she spun the skeins of yarn to help to make the beautiful flannel and linsey ball and reception dresses that were worn at that time. The lassie, when she was very young, decided that she would choose an occupation, and she went into the Cutlery business and settled on the beautiful banks of the Jordan. Life to her was not all summer and the bitter was mixed with the sweet, but she was always cheerful; her companion was taken and she was alone. After awhile she chose another trade, she became a Cooper. For various reasons this proved a failure and she went back to the Twice she has been Cutlery business. chosen president of the Relief Society and she has tilled the position with honor. She was chosen counselor in the Stake January 21, 1900, and as the years go by may we always have our Scotch lassie to cheer and comfort us, and may the Cutlers and Coopers increase and the Jordan Stake honor and appreciate her worth, and we know she can always spin us a good yarn if she hasn't her spinning wheel. ELIZABETH GARDNER. We will not go back so far now, but only to a time when a merry little girl came to gladden the home of one of the pioneer families of the historic town of dear old West Jordan. She came, grew, went to school, played, romped and had a merry time until she thought it time to settle down and one of our handsome Utah boys came along and she chose her trade and she has been a Gardner ever since; she also was chosen our Stake secretary on January 2i, 1900, and she has written minutes, called rolls and puzzled her brain since then; she too has had her joys and sorrows, but as a mother and grandmother, old father time has dealt lightly with her and we see her today apparently smiling and happy, and may she still continue to be our secretary until her hair is gray and her eyes are dim with years. EMILY WHITE. We remember a long time ago seeing a EXPONENT. slender, Sveet young English girl come from Salt Lake City to West Jordan on a visit to relatives and with her a neatly dressed young man. After awhile we heard that the Mills had turned White and after awhile we heard there were some more White Mills and that they had all moved to the illustrious city of Sandy, where we hear of her from time to time, always associated with good works and kind deeds in the Primary Association and in acts of charity, and like the rest there has been many sad pages in her life, but may she always find joy and comfort in keeping in the path of her duty, and may the love and respect of her children be her crowning joy. She was chosen assistant secretary of the Stake, which position she now holds. tall, AGNES GUSHING. Not so very long ago, judging from the sweet and youthful face smiling before us, there was born in the town of historical Draper a little girl who lived, played and went to school as the most of our girls do until she became of an age to choose for herself. Although her pathway mjy not always have been strewn with roses we know that we can say with truthfulness, she has always, ever since she has chosen, had a nice cushion to lean upon. She holds the responsible position of treasurer, and we u haven't heard of her being r live but ud she with cash, lorjg may yet have strength given her to carry every burden she may have placed upon her shoulders, and may her pleasant face always be found among the Relief Society workers. And as she adds the small cushions to her store already on hand, may they prove a blessing and a comfort to her. But, honestly, we don't care how heavy the Relief Society bags may become. over-burde- ARAMINTA a .life of usefulness and has filled many faithful positions and has been loved and She, respected by neighbors and friends. too, is Relief Society aid, and may her life be spared and as her Days increase may she always find comfort and joy. LEAH DAY FITZGERALD. Some time back in the early 50's, there was born, in the beautiful city of Draper, to a family of our worthy pioneers, a sweet little girl whom they called Leah. She, like all the rest of "Utah's best crop," was lree and easy and led a useful and helpful life and was a joy and comfort to her friends. When she became a blushing maiden there came a tall schoolmaster a wooing, which soon terminated in a wedding, and as there was no Rachel in the family, there were no disappointments, and we never heard that he worked seven years for his Leah, and we don't know as the "big schoolmaster" ever turned night into day, but we do know one thing that he did turn one Day into a Fitzgerald, but be that as it may, we know she is an aid in our Relief Society board. And may she be, as she always has been, true and faithlul and take good care of the school teacher. If she don't we will report her to one of the stake presidency. n: E. EGBERT. We remember the happy girl in the good old childhood days, when she used to climb trees, hunt hens and birds eggs and romp and play, in school one of the gayest of the gay, and a sad tease to her teachers Her lot, too, was cast on the bonnie banks of the Jordan. Time all time in and a suitor things, changes came, and she thought "It is not good for man to live alone, so she gave her heart and hand to our worthy Bishop. We don't think she has taken any moe bird's eggs, but we know she has taken care of Egberts ever since. We appreciate her worth and feel glad she was chosen Relief Society aid. May she still live a life of usefulness and be as she has always been, a true friend to the poor and needy, and be a comfort in time of sorrow and trouble. And may all her little Egberts find a warm nest in her heart, and we will see that she takes good care of our Bishop. rosy-cheeke- d, ELIZABETH DAY. Away back in merrie England, once upon a time, a little giil came to gladden her parent's hearts. Her parents joined the Church, then there was the gathering to Zion, and the long, weary journey with ox teams across the plains. , She, too, came to Draper. After a time she began to think that there was one Day that was better than all the rest, and as the days passed by, she chose to be the second Day, and has been ever since. She has led These are our Relief Society board, judge them for yourselves, and may they live long and be happy and united and have many reunions, especially if thev will give us plenty of good things to e. ' ul t.iiuk. . Delila Gardner. OBITUARY. AT REST. Sister Elka B. Schutt passed away on the 30th She was born in Hull. Yorkday of May, 1903. shire. England. March 26, 1837. She came to Stirling about four years ago and was a faithful Latter-daSaint. Sister Shutt was chosen as second counselor to Sister Miller in the Relief Society of Stirling, Alberta, Canada, and was a faithful worker in every respect. She was one of those choice, brave, beautiful spirits who was ever ready to assist in building up the kingdom of God, and making We all feel to mourn her loss, peace everywhere. as there were few like her. She was so kind to every one, and her life was one of usefulness. If there was ever any one in trouble she was the first to go and help, cheer and comfort, helping to make the burden as light as possible. Those who watched over her in her last sickness say she suffered as few do. She was so brave to the end, never flinched from the severe pain which she was called upon to pass through, but was very kind and considerate to those around her. In her greatest agony she called her family to her bedside and with all firmness and meekness to our Father in heaven, blessed them with a mother's blessing never to be forgotten She was full of faith to the last; the testimony of all who knew her is that her life was one of unto God; that there was never any swerving fidelity doubt in her mind regarding the Church and king dom of God. v RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. VVheieas our Heavenly Father has called her to a higher sphere, and we will miss her as a wise counselor, Resolved, that we extend our sympathy to the bereaved daughters and cherish her and emulate her works of benevolence andmemory charity. Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be sent to her daughters, also the Woman's Exponent for publication and be placed upon the records of Stirling Ward Relief Society. Lucinda Miller, Mary E. Hardy, Janet Faddies, Committee. 