7 WOMAN'S EXPONENT a suitable star d and a supply of seats for ety in ministering to the needy and unfortunate. He also donated the frame of a house large assemblies." The society became so popular that even and made arrangements for it to be moved those of doubtful character in several in- on the aforesaid lot for the commencement But this benevolent stances applied for admission, and to pre- of the establishment. vent imposition by extending membership and judicious project, with many others to such ones inadvertently, stricter rules which were designed for the amelioration were adopted than seemed requisite at first. of the condition of suffering humanity was Each one wishing to join the society was blasted by the blighting hand ot persecurequired to present a certificate of her good tion and through which the once beautiful moral character, signed by two or more city of Nauvoo became a desolation and its inhabitants exiled to an rnknown desert responsible persons. with The meeting was opened and closed region. (To be continued.") order and and systematic prayer singing meetwas observed throughout. In each R. S. REPORTS. ing reports were given by those whose duty inPA ROWAN. it was to visit from home to home and circumstances sick the of the into quire conference of the The Relief and destitute donations were received and Parowan Stake Society held on Sunday in the was those subjects discussed which pertain to Summit Ward. Being cold and stormy, woman's duties, influence, responsibilities, but few from the other represenlatives etc , etc., whatever has a tendency to bene- wards were the however, present; reports, fit and elevate society at home and abroad. were encouraging. very Accompanying Frequently President Joseph Smith and the report from the Kanarra Ward was a Bishop N. K. Whitney and brethren of the lovely letter from Siiter Ford, president of Twelve met with the sisters, and through that in which she said the sisters the inspiration of the Spirit of God imparted theresociety, made during the summer seventy-fiv- e had rich counsel and intelligence; instructing yards of carpet for their new meeting not only in duties regarding the poor but in and were also buying lamps for the all the relations of life, as wives, mothers, house, same building, besides having donated daughters, sisters, and as Saints of the twenty dollars to assist their missionaries. Most High, our duties to one another and This was considered an excellent showing our responsibilities as examples to the for a Relief with a" membership of Society world, etc. but twenty-one- . The first winter after the society was orThe sisters of the Summit Ward are well ganized was exceedingly cold and severe up in Relief Society and M. I. A. work and Many in consequence of exposure and are an example to some of the sister wards hardship in their expulsion from the State when we consider that they are so few in of Missouri, and the unhealthiness of the number. The Stake officers received a climate of Nauvoo, had been induced by warm welcome and many kind invitations sickness to destitution, and had it not been of that they were unable to achospitality for the timely aid of the society they would in so a short visit. have suffered very much, and probably some cept E. Crane Watson. would have perished. About the last of July, 1842, when some WOODRUFF STAKE. of the officials of Missouri were taking Minutes of Relief Society conference of measures to drag President Joseph Smith the Woodruff Stake, held at Randolph, Sepfrom the state of Illinois by an illegal pro- tember 14, 1902, President J: B. Muir pre cess, the Relief Society sent a petition to Called to order by singing "Come, Thomas Carlin, Governor of Illinois, in be- siding. come ye Saints." Opening prayer by Pres-sidehalf of President Smith, claiming his proA. after whicu was sung tection as chief magistrate. The petition "Praise McKinnon, the Lord." Spcrament adminwas signed by every member of the society istered yeBrothers William Muir and John by and presented by its president, Mrs. Emma Spencer. Smith, accompanied by Mrs. Amanda Smith President Sarah Tyson, of the Randolph and Miss E. R. Snow. The Governor's Ward,, reported the same in good condition residence was in Quincy, fifty miles south and had joy in her labor?. from Nauvoo. Sister Hatch, of the Argyle Ward, said "The Governor received us with as much their society was in fair running order, its cordiality and politeness as His Excellency being such a small ward was a drawback, was master of, assuring us of his protection and it was not fully organized on account by saying that the laws and Constitution of of the death of one counselor. our country should be his polar star in case Sister Call, of the Woodruff Ward Relief of any difficulty. "He manifested much Society, said" they were in good but whatever the result of order and all the members were on running friendship hand to presenting the petition the society had made do their part. a noble effort and it was compensated by President Wall, of Lyman, reported the knowing the great and good man Joseph Relief Society there as being in a very Smith appreciated it. " flourishing condition. The city of Nauvoo was divided into President Hilton, of Rock Springs Ward, four wards and after the society became too said she was pleased to report the society in numerous to convene in one assembly it first class running order, the sisters were was decided to meet alternately in the dif- working hard and trying to do their duty. ferent wards from week to week so as to Sister Stevenson and Sister H. Badger, visitors from Salt Lake City, with Stake give equal opportunities to all. President Joseph Smith donated a city President J. M. Baxter and others of the lot to the society for the purpose of making leading priesthood wer e present on the homes for the homeless, and also to furnish stand. work for those who were able to work and Sister Stevenson, of Salt Lake City, said, were out of employment. He proposed "I realize the magnitude of the Relief Socideeding the land to the treasurer and her ety work. We should come together with successors in office, for the use of the soci a feeling to serve the Lord. The Relief nt Society was organized by inspiration. We should be mothers in Israel, the greatest and grandest of all women." Spoke of the Sunday School, of the. beautiful order therein, of the importance of having good teachers for our children, said the prophets of old looked down through the vista of We time and longed to live in this day all have a great and grand mission to perform and thi" Church is to regenerate the world. The Rehef Society work is work, and our boys should be cognizant of it, keep it before our husbands and sons and help them to see the magnitude of the Relief Society work. Spoke of the love and unity that should be in the family circle, teach our daughters to be good wives and our sous to seek a wife by inspiration. Said the teachers were the backbone of the Relief Society. Asked the Lord to bless all that were connected with Relief Society work. Sister Harriet T. Badger said she was one in heart and hand with the Relief Society and it was good to take the meetings to the aged who could not get out to them. Spoke of the famine that was to come and we must take care 0 our wheat. Read a portion of the Doctrine and Covenants. She thought we should not find fault with one another, bore a faithful testimony. self-denyi- (To be continued.) ST. JOSEPH. Report of the Relief Society conference of the St. Joseph Stake, which was held in Pima. Saturday, November 22, 1902, President Elizabeth Layton presiding. After the usual opening exercises and prayer by President William D Johnson, the roll was called and minutes of previous meeting read and accepted. The conference was noted for its many distinguished visitors, among. whom were Apostle Hyrum Smith, Elder J. Golden Kimball, of the presiding quorum of Seventies, Elder Alexander McRae, president of Colorado mission, Annie T. Hyde, first counselor in the General Board, Julia Brix-en- . of the Y. L M. I A. General Board, and Sister Fanny Wbolley, who has been laboring as a missionary in the Colorado mission the past five years President Elizabeth Layton felt encouraged in Relief Society work, would not take much of the time, for she was anxious to hear from our visiiors, as we have seldom been so honored. Introduced Sister who said Sister Bathsheba sends Hyde, her kind regards to every sister of the Stake. Spoke of the noble qualities of Sister Smith and the' beautiful spirit she always manifests. The teachers of the Reliet Society are to be and should leave their own troubles at home, when on duty at least. Urged the sisters to look up the genealogy of their ancestors, that they might when the opportunity presents itself, be able to do Temple work for them. Showed the necessity of every mother keeping the Word of Wisdom, and observing the Sabbath day to keep it holy, as example is more effective than words. Spoke of the uurses' class which is organized for the benefit of the Society, and thought no girl should consider her education complete without a thorough course in this branch. Sister Brixen always had a good word for the Society. Related some of her experiences as a teacher in the ward in which she resides in Salt Lake City. Nothing could bring greater joy and satisfaction than ministering to the needy. peace-maker- s, 