WOMAN'S Hlder J. G. Kimball was the next speaker His idea of a Relief Society was that its members should be angels of mercy, and be knew of no better way for them to become such than to have trained nurses to .end among the needy sick. President McRae related the story of tie widow's House burning and the old man who was sorry twenty dollars worth, and raid our sympathy for the wives and mothers of missionaries should be felt as the old He had charge of the Relief man's was. Society branches in the missionary field, and felt a love for the Relief Society work. Their labors should extend to all, whether members of the Church or not. After singing and prayer, meeting adjourned until 2 p. m. Afternoon session opened by sinking, "All is well." Prayer by Patriarch Clar-idgSinging, "Now let us rejoice." On account of time, verbal reports from the branches of the society in the Stake were given only. The statistical and financial reports were read by Stake Secretary vSalina Phillips, after which the meeting was turned over to the Priesthood. e. Sarah Webb, Cor. Sec. ALPINE. Eighth quarterly conference of the Relief Society of Alpine Stake held at American Fork, January 23, 1903. Meeting convened at 10 a. m., President Rebecca Stand ring presiding. Opened by singing, "Once more we come before our God." Prayer by Stake Counselor Abel J Evans. Singing, "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire " Roll called and minutes of morning session of previous conference read and accepted. President Standring greeted the sisters, was pleased to meet them in conference. The wards had all been visited except two since last conference. It is a great call to be angels to feed the poor and help the sick. These works will prepare us for our future, for we have come here to be perfected. Urged the teachers not to neglect the sick and the aged. The reports from the wards were then given; all reported in good working order, the teachers doing their duty relieving the poor and caring for tfie sick, meetings are held regularly twice a month with a good attendance and an excellent spirit prevailing. EXPONENT- - that the sisters are united and increasing iii numbers and good works." She would have liked more to go to the nurses' class they who have gone are progressing in their studies and enjoying their labors, hoped that many would go next year. President Joseph F. Smith had said that the Relief Society was responsible for the morals of the people There is everything in the Gospel to satisfy any reasonable person and you have no need to go outside for enjoyment. Spoke of silk culture, would like the sisters to take hold of this industry and let our children learn to clothe themselves: for besides the price of the cocoons they would also have a bounty from the government The time may come when we shall be shut off from the world and need to clothe ourselves Her firtt duties were in the Church of God and she loved to talk of these things to her sisters. Asked Uod's on all. us blessing President A. J. Evans said his purpose in coming here was not to talk a long time, but he had a testimony and wished to devote his time to the work of the Lord. It has been said "The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world." Our children are like many grown people, when they hear something not very good about a person, they run to be tv'e first to tell it, and in many cases they rob our neighbors of that which is more than life, their good character. We have our teachers to look after the wayward, and it is not our individual business. Urged the sisters to encourage their husbands to pay their tithing, and see if The family they have their tithing card. that pays tithing can testify at the close of the year that they are in much better condition and feel that they have done their duty. If we know these things and do not observe the teaching we receive, we are Let no act of yours under condemnation. be seen by your children that is not elevating. Asked a blessing on Sister Standring and prayed for her life and health. Sister E. J. Roberts, Stake treasurer and corresponding secretary, had enjoyed the reports and the instructions, it gives us food for refection until another conference. We are surrounded with difficulties and things that hinder us from doing our duty. Singing, "God's kingdom for me." Stake Aid Sina Chipman was thankful for our leaders and loved to associate with them The Lord is good to us and keeps us in the line of our duty. Stake Aid Laura Cutler was glad to meet the sisters from the wards. We have much to be thankful for, the Spirit of the Lord is here and we have had good instructions. Let us not carry stories to the detriment ot our friends, but let us have charity for one another. Bishop W. B. Smith said, "Why do we meet here and talk to each other ? We want Impress upon your unalloyed happiness. children good principles at a time when they will not forget it. Teach them to pay tithing and let them pay it themselves. Inspire them with the importance of the administration to the sick. Do your duty and the Lord will bless you, we must get near to the Lord." Counselor Annie C. Hindley had rejoiced in the testimonies that had been borne. Felt the importance of teaching our children It is a grand the laws of life and health. and glorious thing, we are kept humble so that we can lean on the Lord and do what Stake Counselor James H. Clark gave a short address. Felt to appreciate the remarks that had been made and the reports The laying up of wheat is being given. obedient to the counsel of our leaders, they give no counsel but what is right. Sisters could give instructions in the homes of the people in regard to governing their children, in housekeeping ard many things that There is a would be a benefit to them. wide scope for the labors of the sisters. Singing, "Earth with her ten thousand flowers." Meeting adjourned until two o'clock. Benediction by Counselor Annie C Hindley. Afternoon session. Conference continued at 2 p. m., President Standring presiding. Commenced by singing. Prayer by President James H. (Mark. Singing. Minutes of afternoon session of previous conference read and accepted. President Standring addressed the meeting. Admired the sisters with their heads uicovered and their faces shining with the Spirit of God. Was pleased to see so many present. "We have heard from the reports is V Conference adjourned with singing, and benediction by Bishop Warren B. Smith. Emma -- ( u ( cf 1 f. Featherstone, Sec. IN MEMORIAM. AUGUSTA C. GREENHALGH. It is with deepest regret that we are called upon to record the death of our bt loved sister, Augusta C. Greenhalgh, who died at her home in Santaquin, Utah, Co., January 3, 1903. Sister Greenhalgh was born in Ulexham Sweden, in 1844. baptized August 7, 186, emigrated to Utah in 1862. married Elder She was the John Greenhalgh October 5. 1S64. mother of eleven children, has left five sons and tour daughters and twelve grandchildren, an only brother and numerous friends to mourn her loss. She was a faithful teacher in the Relief Societ) and had the care of the wheat belonging to the society and was very faithful and competent in that position. She was always ready and willing to do whatever she was called upon to do, was faithful to the covenants she had embraced, and instructed her children in the principles of the everlasting Gospel. She had lived a widow for sixteen years, and although she was left alone with a large family she always seemed happy and cheerful and true a friend to the poor. GUSTAPUA CHARLOTTA GRENSTROM LUNDHOLM. The grim reaper death visited our Relief Society again January 12, igo3, and took from us our faithful and beloved sister, Gustapua Charlotta Grenstrom Lundholm. She was born July 15, 1827, in Enkopings nar Upsala Lun? Sweden. She was a loving wife and mother, although hei two children preceded her to the spirit world. She was a always a lover of children. Sister Lundholm' s life was full of good works. Her She was unassuming and a lover of home. absence will be felt and her testimony missed, for she always considered a privilege to testify of our Father's goodness and the blessing that would follow the believer. RESOLUTIONS OK RESPECT. Whereas it has pleased our Heavenly Father to remove by death and take to a higher sphere our beloved colaborers. Sister Augusta C Greenhalgh and Gustapua C Y. Lundholm, therefore be it Resolved, that we strive to emulate their unwavering faith and their fidelity to truth and purity; their untiring energy and devotion to their religious duties and to their homes; their sympathy and charity for the distressed and needy; their humility and obedience to proper authority. Resolved, that we extend our sympathy and love to their bereaved families and friends and pray that the comforting influence of the Holy Spirit may rest upon them, that they may realize that they are only gone before to enjoy the rest and reward of a well spent life. That a copy of these resolutions be sent to each of the families, and one be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication and one be placed upon our records. ELizABtTH J. Wall, Hannah Kirkman, Ann J. S 11CKNEY, Committee. RELIEF SOCIETY MOTHFR'S CLASSES. CHILDHOOD. Childhood begins about the third year and ends The world that the child inabout the twelfth. habits is not just that around its mother's knee, but a widely extended world; it makes new and wonderful discoveries; it forms new acquaintances outside of the home circle; it comes in contact with other influences, some good and some bad. As immature, there is judgment and reason are yet need of constant vigilance on the part of parents during this critical period. . Food atid Clothing: As the child emerges from infancy into childhood the moth- er's care increases. (a) Give only plain, nourishing and easily digested food. (Name suitable food.) (b) Why avoid the use of candies, pastries, meats and condiments, especially at this age ? (c) All appetites can be cultivated and governed while young. 