WOMAN'S REUNION THIRTEENTH WARD R. S. The Relief Society of the Thirteenth Ward in this city, on Thursday, May 28, 1903, held a reunion and banquet of the former officers and those who had been recently appointed at a ward conference held Sunday evening, May 17. The new officers' are Amy A. Thomas, president, Agnes Anderson and Emily Neinaur, counselors; Florence Graut, secretary and treasThese officers with their corps of urer. teachers and members gave the entertainment as a sort of testimonial of respect and esteem to those who had labored so long and faithfully in the Relief Society of the ward notably the late president, Rachel R. Grant, who was appointed by Bishop Edwin D. Woolley, April 18, 1868, and had served in that capacity over thirty-fivHer first counselors were Annie T. years. Godbe and Margaret T. Mitchell, Elizabeth II. Goddard secretary and Annie L. Musser treasurer. Later Emmeliue B. Wells was chosen assistant secretary. Other changes were afterwards made, the resignation of Mrs Annie T. Godbe necessitating the first change. Mrs. Bithshtba W. Smith was chosen to fill the vacancy. Mrs, Musser, the treasurer, after a faithful discharge of her duties was called away by death, and Mary V. Musser was selected as her successor. Afterwards Mrs. B. W. Smith moved to the 17th ward and Mrs. Lydia Ann Wells was made first counselor. Mrs. E. B. Wells moved to the iSth ward and Miss Fannie Woolley was chosen assistant secreMrs. Musser moved to the 1st ward, tary. and Relief C. Atwood was chosen to fill her place as treasurer. Mrs. L A. Wells moved to the 18th ward, Mrs. Louisa Spencer was made first counselor and Mrs. Sophia Long was enoseu to fill the vacancy. Mrs. Relief C. Atwood moved to Sugar Ward and Mrs. Mary Grey was made treasurer. Subsequently Mrs. E. II. Goddard resigned her position as secretary on account of failing health, having served more than a quarter of a century, and Miss Fannie Woolley was :et apart as secretary. When Miss Woolley was called to go upon a u ission, Mrs. Amy A. Thomas was made secretary, which position she filled until the reorganization of the Society, May 17, 1903. During all thesechanges President Rachel R. Grant held the position to which she had been called and set apart in the spring of 1868, making a long record of good works and gaining the love and esteem of all with whom she has associated, including three Bishops, viz., lid win D. Woolley, Millen Atwood and Nelson A. Empey, in this multiplicity of labor, temporal and spiritual, she has given perfect satisfaction. It may well be said of Sister Grant that she was true and faithful, economical yet beuevolent and possessed unusual executive ability; the scripture quotation will justly apply to her: "She stretcheth out her hand to the poor, yea, she reacheth forth her hand to the , e needy." "She opeueth her mouth with wisdom and in her tongue is the law of kindness." Two of the officers called to act in the society have passed away from this earth, having finished their work here, Sister Annie L Musser and Elizabeth H. Goddard; the others are still living and were most of them present at the celebration in the assembly rooms in the 13th ward. Mrs. Amy A. Thomas, the newly elected president, presided, and on the the stand f EXPONENT. 5 were the general president of the society, Sister Bathsheba W. Smith, and the president of Salt Lake Stake, Sister M. Isabella Home, Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde, of the General Society and others. Counselors Sarah Jane Cannon and Clara C. Cannon, of the Salt Lake Stake, were also present, and Sister Relief C. Atwood, who like other former officers was present and invited to the stand. President Amy A. Thomas had prepared reminiscences of the society which she read; they were interesting and valuable as historical facts. The speakers were Sisters Rachel R. Grant, Bathsheba W. Smith, M. Isabella Home, Relief C. Atwood, all over eighty years of age, Lydia Ann and Emmeline B. Wells, Louisa K. Spencer and Sophia Long Bishop N. A. Empey made a few remarks and commended in the highest terms the labors of the society and spoke of his high regard for Sister Grant and those who had been laboring so long and asked all those who had known the Prophet Joseph Smith to rise and be counted. Elder A M. Musser added a few words in his most gracious and happy manner. There were a number of others who would like to have spoken, but the refreshments were waiting in the Relief Society hall up stairs and the meeting adjourned to partake of the sumptuous repast. The affair was a perfect success and the sisters may be heartily congratulated on the delightful BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY. The anniversary of the birthday of Sister Maria W. Richards Wilcox was celebrated on June 17, by the Relief Society of the 14th ward in this city of which she is president. Sister Wilcox is also corresponding secretary of the Relief Society of the Salt Lake Stake having been appointed to that daughters, Ella W. Hyde and Mrs. Asper. Delicious refreshments were served to the many guests and delightful conversation and interchange of greetings and good wishes. During the exercises a handsome easy chair and cushion were presented to the honored president by the members of the Relief Society. The Exponent adds its hearty congratulations to Sister Wilcox, who is one of its staunch supporters and hopes that the remaining years of her long and useful life may be full of joy, love and happiness. A HAPPY GATHERING. The Author's Club gave a reception at the close of the year (to usher in the summer vacation presumably) to about one hundred guests. The "Little" mansion, the family residence of Major Feramorz Little and family, and during a period of years the scene of many festive occasions, was made very attractive on that Monday evening, June 8; colored lights outside in the shrubbery gave the place an inviting appearance, and inside a band of music in the spacious hall discoursed sweet strains of favorite melodies; flags and bunting were artistically draped in the entrance and over the stairway and the parlors were not lacking in elegant furnishings nor in paintings of rare value and other tasteful ornamentation, and the fragrance and beauty of roses and sweet flowers made the whole "house beautiful," There was dancing in one of the parlors in which many of the ladies and gentlemen participated, and seemingly it was a delightful pastime. Bishop Empey whom we remember as a notable "caller" in years gone by, gave his assistance, his voice ringing out fresh and clear. The guests flitted from room to room, many of thetn talking over old times, and the hostess, Mrs. Little, and the president, Mrs. Roberts, and the young ladies who served the fruit punch in the most genial way, made every one happy and forgetful of care and anxiety. In the course of the evening the facetious B. S. Young gave some of his famous recitations and Miss Babcock, who is a celebrity in that respect, also rendered humorous pieces. There were present Elder B. H. Roberts, Bishop O. F. Whitney, Major R. W. Young, President Joseph T. Kingsbury, of the University of Utah, Prof. W. Stewart and wife, Prof. Merrill and wife, Judge S. Stewart and wife, Attorney Stewart and wife, Hon. W. W. Riter, Regent of the University of Utah, Prof. Byron Cummings and other notable people. It was perhaps the most enjoyable affair of the kind there has ever been since the There oiganization of the Author's Club. officers Mrs. and of reelection a been has is of Eliza Bennion, Taylorsville, president for the ensuing year. when the board was organized in Sister Wilcox has also been one of the constant workers in Salt Lake Temple since it was opened in May, 1893. She has filled all these places with diligence and faithfulness, and with honor and credit to herself and those associated with these organizations, Her life has been one of usefulness, she has a large family of her own who rise up and call her blessed. The part was held in the Relief Society hall of the ward and was a very enjoyable affair Counselor Margaret Y. Taylor presided and the teachers and committee assisted in making it a success in every the decorations which were mostly of lovely June roses, were very prettily arranged and the hall was a picture in itself, one large bowl containing seventy-sibeautiful roses, one for each year. There was music, instrumental and vocal, and some short speeches. President Bathsheba W. Smith made a brief address and remarks were made by Sisters Lucy W. Kimball, Minerva E. Richards, Mary P. INTERNATIONAL PRESS WOMEN. Richards, E. B. Wells and some others, all The International Press Women's Union of whom expressed love and admiration for its annual banquet in the banquet hall held she that desire a and might Sister Wilcox of the Ebbitt House, Washington, D. C, for labors her many years live to continue office 1877. x to come. May 26, erous friends. sway, and there was an almost continuous flow of roasts and toasts and witty dissertations on various subjects of special interest to the women, which served to keep the Sister Wilcox responded in a very happy manner to the congratulations of her numF. Wilcox and wife, Dr. Edwin Wilcox and wife, and Frank Wilcox and wife, also two There were of her family Dr. C. 9 1903. "During the serving of the menu, from o'clock until midnight the ladies held 