WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 4 Woman's Exponent EM ME LINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel space one time $2.50; per month, 3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.t every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Entered at the Post s matter. Office Lake City, in Salt Lake City, I Utah tah, as econd-clas- Salt Lake City. Utah, July, THE NEW VOLUME 1903 THIRTY-TW- June has come again and with its advent many things transpire and many anniversaries are celebrated and also very many weddings. It has been said, and we are inclined to believe it is true, that there have been more marriages solemnized this June, 1903, than ever before in any preceding mouth of June. At any rate Jupe is to most people the favorite month of all the months. Salt Lake City, the Mecca of the West, puts on its best and most becoming attire in June, roses in the hedges, roses by the wayside, roses on the hill tops, in the garden, on the lawns, wherever you turn, are roses, roses for the sick and poor, in the hospitals, the sickrooms and even the dead are literally buried ia roses. It was in the beautiful month of Jane that our dear little paper, the Woman's Exponent, came into existence, and every June since has added a year to its age. Now it commences its thirty-secon- d volume. In that time much has been accomplished, great changes have taken place in various parts of the world; certainly progress Las been made along many lines of thought and action in our own and other lands. The cause of woman has grown wider, larger and stronger since that first issue of the paper in June 1872. Development on a large scale has manifested itself and the Exponent has been helpful in its advancement of breadth and culture. Especially has this been so in the establishment and extension of the Relief Society, the greatest organization of women in all the world. In its pages from first to last the history of this society is given, much of it in detail. The biographies of the greatest women in the Church are recorded in its columns; and short stories, (true ones) poems and essays, written by the sisters young and old, express with more or less exactness the sentiment arid feeling pervading the home ;ife of the women of the Church, also reminiscences and experiences of the early days of the Latter-da- y Saints. It cannot be amiss to say that this little paper has been a household help that it has come into the home with words of good cheer, with the spirit of peace, bringing encouragement to the weary, stimulating the faith of the weak and urging them to the performance of everyday duties. The Exponent has been a messenger of the Gospel to those afar off, tilling the wondrous truths of salvation in simple language, easily understood, explaining woman's work in the home, with the children, teaching lessons of love and devotion, virtue and goodness in simplicity with earnestness and sincerity, that cannot fail to reach the hearts of those who peruse its pages from time to time The Exponent has always been kept free from details of sin and crime. It has striven for a higher plane of thought and purity of purpose. It is greatly to be desired by those interested in the best welfare of the work of the Relief Society that those who are engaged in promoting its interests will try to increase the circulation of the Exponent in order that it may be more independent and and that its outward appearance may be materially improved. All these things require money and the sisters, if they realize the importance of a paper of their own, which stands for the best ideals, and principles, should be anxious to have a magazine which they would be proud to send out to the people as an evidence ot good taste and business ability, filled with truth and messages of love and good will and enlightenment to women of the world. May the year be a prosperous one, subscriptions so increase that there will be no occassion to plead for better support for the paper that stands for the women of Zion, proclaiming truth and righteousness and every principle that tends to a higher and better life in the home, the State and the nation and especially in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints. self-supporting, A wife and mother has gone from the sight of those who loved her dearer than life itself, but the blessed hope of meeting her again is strong in the hearts of all whose human love was precious, and how much greater will it hecome in reaching up to the celestial heights to which she has attained. Only a little while and a reunion will take place where there is no more parting or sorrow forevermore. And trusting in this hope of a glorious resurrection hereafter, they will take up the life work and go forward, with sublime faith in the eternal covenants that unite husband and wife, children and parents with ties that can never be broken, that will pndure forever. BIOGRAPHICAL. Anna Sears Wells, wife of Joseph S. Wells, who departed this life on the morning cf June 1, 1903, after a brief but severe illness, was born in Caldicott, England, December 22, 1863, and was the daughter of the late John Sears and his wife, Sarah Wag staff Sears While Anna was a babe, in the year 1864, Brother and Sister Sears left their home in England and gathered to Zion, coming here in September of that year. Anna grew to womanhood in the Spirit of the Gospel, always attentive to religious duties and devoted to her home and parents. As a child she was industrious and fond of household occupations; she made several quilts when quite young, quilting and putIN MEMORIAM. ting them together in a variety of patterns. Some of these given to members of the famt ANNA SEARS WELLS. ily are still kept as heirlooms. She was married to Joseph S. Wells in "Think not alone of what the Lord has taken, the Logan Temple. March 14, 1888, PresiThou, whom His love hath of some joy bereft. But in the moments thou art most forsaken, dent Daniel H. Wells, father of the brideThink what His love hath left." groom, performing the ceremony which It is difficult to write consolingly of one united them for time and all eternity. taken from the home where husband and Sister Anna Wells was a devoted wife Her home was her children are left mourning, and, as it were, and home-makea of rest and peace to her and of haven bereft heaven the desolate, seemingly light and ones. and of life. She has left belittle husband the home Yet submission beauty to the divine will is the only condition in hind five beautiful children to the care and which we can find peace. "The Lord gave protection of a husband she loved with an and the Lord hath taken away, blessed be undying affection. To try and realthe name of the Lord." Alice, the eldest, is now in her fourteenth ize this in its true sense is the highest atyear, and gives fair promise of every titude man or woman can reach in the deep- womanly grace and attribute to gladden est affliction that can come. To be the home life of her father and the younger passive and invoke the Spirit of the Lord, children. Herman Joseph, the eldest son, the Comforter, is to attain a state of tranis a thoughtful boy eleven years of age. quility that will bring "the peace that Byron Sears, nine years old, Richard Harris passeth understanding," to the human soul is seven, and baby Geneva is four years old. in the hour of deepest sorrow. We in our One can scarcely imagine a young mother human weakness cannot know how the full of maternal love, with these sacred ties Lord works out His will with men and binding her to an earthly home, with a dewomen here in this earthly probation. We voted and loving husband, actually desiring can only trust in Him "who doeth all to be liberated from earth; and yet it is true things well." ; of this young woman. She had seen the The Palmist says, "Wait on the Lord; be world beyond in vision during her moments of good courage, and He shall strengthen of agonizing pain; she had seen the glory thine heart; wait, I say, on the Lord." of the infinite and she told her husband solemnly she must go, and requested him "Leaning on Him make with reverent meekness to His own thy will, dedicate her to the Lord. It must have And with strength from Him shall thy waakness taken almost superhuman courage to comLife's task fulfill." ply with such a request, yet it was done as Whatever the Father demands of us, He she had urged, and soon after the sad partwill give us the strength and the courage ing came, and her beautiful spirit took its land." to bear, if we trust wholly in Him, and lisflight "to the morning-li- t ten to the still small voice within us and Sister Anna Wells was literally buried in commune with the Lord in prayer; and flowers, and she has entered now the holy though the way seems dark, light will city, and those who are left behind toil on come, the light of His countenance through through storms and darkness until faith in His loving and tender care. r. "She is not dead but sleepeth." "He brings them home to rest, With the victors crowned and blest." 