Woman 5 xponent The Ballot in the Hands of the Women of Utah should be a Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRI L,ic,o3 Vol. 31 CONTENTS. President Joseph Smith A Breath from the Ladies' 81 Far North R. S. G. A. Wadrop 81 82 R. S. Report 82 82 Richest City in Europe Louisa M. Johnson 83 Raymond, Alta, Canada Celia A. Smith 85 Annual Day of Relief the 85 History Society General Conference Relief Society. . .E. B. W. 85 87 Jbituary N. V. R. S. Report 87 Semi-Month- Meeting ly to Those Interested in Silk Culture Ufah Silk Commission Granite Stake Armeda S. Young Notice Editorial President Brigham Young 84 84 In Memoriam Poetry Spring Again Emilie Sire Temple Block Missionaries. SPRING . 88 87 .L. D. Alder 31 88 AGAIN. Spring is coming, as it came Years ago with floral flame; On the skies the sunbeams write Messages of pure delight. And the yearning earth responds, Bursting through her winter bonds. Verdure spreads on naked fields, Just relieved from snowy shields; Flowers are born at every breeze; Lambs again are On the leas; Every tree resumes hs green. And the joyous birds convene. Can we tnen remain m gloom, When we see the world in bloom ? Shall we speak of woe or pain When we hear the happy strain ? Oh, be glad, ye toiling men. When the springtime comes again ! Emilie Sire. pression of want and thus endeavoring to improve conditions otherwise appalling. Homes have been built for the protection of the street waif and the orphan. The penury stricken have been relieved of their burden through the liberality of their benefactors, and wise means procured theui with which to obtain an honest livelihood. But in no instance has the spirit of" true philanthropy been more thoroughly exemplified than in the life works of Joseph Smith, the great nineteenth century prophet. It is evidenced in the interest which he exercised upon questions involving human rights and liberties to the putting asunder of calumny and oppression. He displayed it in his unbounded generosity toward the unfortunate, many of whom dailv partook of his hospitality, and afterwards became members of his household. This illustrious character, who was destined to play so important a part in the world's drama, had not the facilities with which to gratify the ambitions of a youth for greatness. He was poor and had to engage in manual labor as a means of support. He was of a thoughtful and studious nature, and by his efforts and perseverance, through the meagre means afforded him, acquired the rudiments of an education, and in intellect might be classed above the average boy of like environments. He possessed much natural ability, physical and mental, while it required only a process of development to bring out the superior traits of mind and soul with which he was so highly en- dowed. By possessing such rare and manifold It isn't the thinking how grateful we are For the kindness of friends come to bless Our sorrow or loss 'Neath the weight of the Cross; Its telling our gratefulness. It isn't the music, asleep in the strings Of the lute, that entrances the ear, And brings to the breast The spirit of rest; It is only the music we hear. It isn't he silence of hope unexpressed That heartens and strengthens the weak To triumph through strife For the great things of life; It's the words of good cheer that we speak. W. J. L. PRESIDENT JOSEPH SMITH. It was Joseph Smith who organized the first Relief Society, and gave to it full instructions as to the manner of procedure and the measures to be adopted for its gov- ernment, with full explanation regarding the purpose and intent for which it was organized, viz: the moral and intellectual advancement of its members and care of the sick and needy. He predicted for it a future which for breadth of scope and usefulness would be second to none as an auxiliary association in the Church. Men very frequently have engaged in benevolent enterprises, in aiding and assisting the unfortunate, and in many instances have largely contributed towards the sup gifts, he might in succeeding years, have won distinction among men, had he not, like Samuel of old, been destined for a higher and nobler purpose. The momentous period of his career began with his first vision, one spring morning in the woods, when all outward things seemed a ttuned to the sweet harmonies of nature, and a universal quiet pervaded the scene. The boy in years became greater than the sire in experience or the sage in wisdom. Then, again, four years later, the visitation of that glorified being, who in life figured so interestingly in Nephite history. To have thus been favored of heaven ! The transports of joy that thrilled his bosom in listening to the words of this His heavenly messenger cannot be told. countena electrified in was soul beholding ance of such exquisite radiance and beauty. He was instructed, advised, admonished and commanded. Yes, he would do as he was commanded, at all hazards, though hosts innumerable might plan for his overthrow and seek his destruction. Who can deny that this sort of tutelage was of a superior kind, in fact incomparable with that with which popes and cardinals and high ecclesiasticals were furnished ? This kind of wisdom obtained through supernatural sources gave him a superiority which was at once felt by his friends and others with whom he held social Nos. 21-- 22 The moral atmosphere surrounding his person was delicate, refined and heavenly. His influence was so great that his deadliest enemy secretly feared him, and wps quelled to silence by the power and force of his words. His countenance bore the stamp of divinity, and especially was this the case when he uttered words of prophecy and It is said gave revelations to the Church. that upon those occasions a glorified expression was given to it a transparency beyond anything natural. Notwiths'anding the wonderfully contrasting changes with which he had to meet, the times apart from ecclesiastical duty were spent in the study of languages, higher education, etc., and so successful was he that in a short time he became the possessor of a rich vocabulary, with abundant material to convey the lofty thoughts that were his to make known. In this great world of scientific research and discovery, who has been able, or been invested with power from the heavens to proclaim the mighty spiritual truths and doctrines the same as he ? None except the Master. He was an ardent exponent of the principles of justice and equity. He was a lover of mankind, and was pained to see any of his followers suffer from ruthless mobs and mobocrats. His friends almost worshiped him; his foes gave vent to the cry, ' 'Away, away with him !" He was forgiving, he forgave his enemies. Men reviled him; he reviled not again. In the last sad moments of his life, his attitude towards his persecutors and towards all men showed the Christ in him. And to those who were left to witness his innocence, and to mourn his untimely end, were the words, "I am going like a lamb to the slaughter," most painfully real. Manti, March 17, 1902. Etta Anderson. A BREATH FROM THE FAR NORTH. Editor Woma?i's Expone?it: You have perhaps heard many roarings in the tempest of the far north, and have felt its breath also of late, so a word from your sister in this region will perhaps be of interest to some of your many readers. The following account of the celebration of the anniversary of the organization of the Relief Society will show that we are not all frozen yet, but are very much alive. Tuesday, March 17, all the married people of the ward were invited to assemble at the large new school house recently erected, though not yet finished, at 6 p. m., where, under the direction of President Lucinda Miller and her many willing aids, a grand Two long tables sight met our view. beautifully decorated and laden with the bounties of earth had been prepared, and when all were seated, one hundred in number, their happy, smiling faces spoke plainly of the joy of the heart. When all had feasted we adjourned to the meeting house, a short distance away, and , 