WOMAN'S EXPONENT 16 not over the fact that she was to be released from her position, but because of having to part witbthe sisters, all of whom she had learned to love, and not knowing when she should have the pleasure of meeting them again. Said she ha? rejoiced exceedingly in the work and was grateful for having had the pleasure of laboring in the society here in this Stake. Gave a brief report of what the society had accomplished during the past eight years, which spoke splendidly for the efforts of the sisters. Encouraged all to do their duty, to live near to the Heavenly Father and earnestly asked all to faithfully asssist her successors so that they might be able to do the utmost Asked possible for the work of the Lord. behalf. her in of all and for the faith prayers A vote was then taken and carried that the society would present from their Stake fund $20.0.0 to the building fund of the Ricks Academy. Sister Bennett then, in behalf of the officers and members of the Bingham Stake Relief Society, presented to President Steele $20.00 to this fund. President Bybee stated that he had known President Bennett for many years, nearly eight, and had nothing but good to say of her; that she had always ben at her post. Said it was a mission of this country to administer peace to the world, and that it was Saints to the mission of the Latter-daBennett Sister Said that the truth. spread of entire the wishes bad the in leaving good some Stake. good sister Hoped that to selected the take would be place vacated by Sister Bennett. Encouraged all to live righteously, to assist the poor and the sick. The name of Sister Elvira Steele was suggested for the office of Stake President of the Bingham Stake Relief Society of the Saints. Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daStake Counselor A. L. Stanger regretted the fact that they were losing such an energetic worker as the present president had been, but he hoped that her good acts and deeds would always be remembered. Stake President Steele spoke concerning the Academy , and asked all of their support. Asked all to be liberal and broad-mindeand not forget that they were God's children and were dependent upon His mercy for their existence. Sister Steele said she hoped that she would be able to fill the office. Sister Bennett thought a wise selection had been made in calling Sister Steele to tr e office that she had vacated. She was sure the sisters would give Sister Steele their support. Sister Bennett was then honorably released from the duties of Stake president of the Bingham Relief Society and given the Saints of hearty thanks of the Latter-da- y this Stake for her earnest efforts and labors in its behalf. Sister Steele was unanimously elected to the position vacated by Sister Bennett, and was set apart for that office, Brother Bybee being mouth. After the close of the meeting Sister Annie Rockwood was set apart y y d R. K. as first counselor to Sister Steele, and Sister Elizabeth Brunt as second counselor, by Brothers Steele and Stanger, respectively. Sister Cordon, of Rigby, felt impressed to say a few words in behalf of the Academy. Said nothing was to be compared education of a Latter-da- y with the Saint, and that to her the true education of Mentioned her children was uppermost. that the Rigby Society had held an enter- tainment, and had cleared $35.00 for the fund. Meeting closed by singing "How firm a foundation." Benediction by Brother Don Walker. Conference adjourned for three months. Jensine Johannesen, NEBO Sec. STAKE. The annual conference of the Relief Society of the Nebo Stake was held in the Tabernacle, Sister Lylus C. Pa?e presiding. Singing, "Redeemer of Israel." Prayer was offered by Bishop Loveless of Payson 1st ward. Singing. The roll was then called. Minutes of morning session of last annual conference were read. Sister Page was pleased to greet so many this morning. Welcomed all to our conference, gave a report of the labors of the Stake officers. The statistical and financial report was read. Sister L. D. Alder was very glad to meet the brethren and sisters It had been a great many years since she was there. She was pleased to hear the reports and said. "Sister Smith sent her love to you all, although she could not be present. She feels the heavy burden placed upon her and needs the faith and prayers of the sisters to build up and strengthen her in her labors." A song was rendered by Miss Holt, of Spanish Fork, "The Song My Mother Sang." Sister Page. Singing, "How firm a foundation." Prayer was offered by Sister Elizabeth Wall. Singing, "Jesus once of humble birth." Minutes of afternoon session of annual conference were read. Sister Wilcox said that if the sisters would pray for the presiding officers it would greatly benefit them and help them to bear the responsibilities placed upon them. Spoke of prayer and the benefit of it. Related an incident of a little girl The wise having her prayer answered. child to her mother is the one who teaches Teach the chillove and respect things. dren to be kind to animals. It is a blessed thing when girls and boys can be taught Influences are not pure things at home. Children who best of nature. the always are taught to be truthful will be very apt to Prayed that grow up pure and truthful. the mothers in Israel would have power to control their children. Sister Alder then thanked the sisters for the kind treatment they had received and wished them all good bye, as they had to leave on the afternoon train. Hoped to see them again. An essay on "Child Culture" was given by Sister May Markham of Spanish Fork. A song was rendered by Emma Worsen-crofof Paysou 1st ward. Brother Elsworth said he felt that we had a good spirit, had enjoyed the meeting very much. Wished every father and mother in the Stake could have been at these ir ings and have heard the instructions. Our children have been given too much liberty, we should have something for them to do. Recitation by Sister Lucy Dixon, of Payson 2nd ward. General and Stake officers of the Relief Society were unanimously sustained. Conference was then adjourned until September 18, at Salem. Singing, "The Spirit of God like a fire is burning." Benediction by Stake Counselor Eliza Dixon. t, Sister Wilcox said she was here as a missionary in the Relief Society, had been a Hattie Wride, Sec. member foi many years. Spoke of the teachers, what a noble work they have to perform. The sisters should have the spirit of the Relief Society work at heart. NURSING. Spoke of the organization of the Church, OBSTETRICS and oi the Relief Society, it is the grandest DR. MARGARET C. ROBERTS organization for women. Motherhood is the noblest aim a woman can have. HeartWill commence her next class in Obstetily wished that Sisters Smith and Wells rics and Nursing on Monday, October 12, could have been here with us today, so that 190.'. For further information enquire of we could have heard them speak. Sister Smith is the only one living who belonged Dr. Roberts, 77 C Street. Tel. 2002. to the first Relief Society. Felt the very best when she was keeping the commandments of the Lord. This is a blessed work. Sister Page said we would have an offic- Save Money! ers' meeting after this meeting; invited all And when you pet a dollar, deposit it to stay to lunch. with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Singing, "Come, come ye Saints." BeneCompany, the oldest and largest savings diction by Sister Pickering. bank in Utah. The officers' meeting was held at one Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 savo'clock. The sisters gave us all some very ings accounts. good instructions. The laws of Utah permit married Afternoon session was called to order by women and also childrenwho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have and Your you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dol- THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, 71 lar to thousands, Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for your money. We aim to give you as TRY US and compute said interest four times a year. WRJTE for any information desired. Joseph F. Smith, Prest. George M. Cannon, Cashier. Nos.1-3- - Main Street. 