WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 82 there sat and listened to a well prepared program of speeches, instrumental music and songs, which lasted about an hour, then the time until 12 o'clock was spent in tripping the light fantastic, and as we watched the older brethren and sisters, who perhaps had not danced for twenty years, glide around in the graceful maze of the dance, it made us all feel young again. When all had said good night and expressed themselves as having had a good time, we felt to thank our Heavenly Father Saints are and declare that the Latter-da- y a indeed happy people. The weather was" very cold last week for March. Today the southeast chinook is blowing gently, which indicates spring in The health of the peothe near future. ple is good in general, though some are, or have been effected with colds, or a touch of la grippe. Our town is only a little more than three and a half years old, and though we are, as it were, pioneeis in this land, we are happy and contented; the rich are poor, and the poor have an abundance. There are three branches of the Relief Society in this eastern circuit of the Alberta Stake, presided over by Sister Hannah M. Russell, and all in good working order and are obeying the counsel to store up grain; as this is a good rain country they will be able to gather a great amount. Our home emigration is something to be proud of, even when they come singly, but we feel that the blessings are being doubled when they come in pairs, as was the case on March 19, when Sister Kate Holman gave birth to twin girls. Mother and babes are doing well, and the happy father votes Canada a good country. With best wishes for the success of your paper, I am, Your sister in the Gospel, R. S. G. March 20, 1903. LADIES' SEMI-MONTHL- Y MEETING. y The Ladies Meeting was held in the 14th ward hall, Saturday, April presidii, 1903,TheCounselor E. J. Stevenson the with usual meeting opened ing. exercises of singing and prayer and reading of minutes. Counselor E. J. Stevenson addressed the congregation. Advised the young sisters to join the Relief Society, . referred to the many good sentiments that are in the hymns that are sung from time to time, thought we should take .care of the tabernacles the Lord has given us and how important it is for our boys and girls to be taught to take care of themselves. She felt to sympathize with the missionaries while they are out traveling. We should all be missionaries, it is our duty to come to meeting. Referred to the good spirit we always had in this hall. Sister Francis referred to a sister having a vision concerning a certain man she would meet and that she would afterwards marry, and how happy she had been, it was a testimony to her of the Gospel. Sisters Stevenson, Shaw and Silver bore faithful testimonies of the goodness of the Lord to them and their families. Sisters McKean and Jenson bore faithful testimonies and related many instances of healing. Sister Rachel Latham referred to her young life, the ideas of the people concern Semi-Monthl- . obing the Savior's death and how they differto the serve it in England. Referred ence of the Gospel taught us, how she loved the Gospel and desired to do good. Sister Lavinia Morris felt we would all be blessed according to our faith. Referred to a child that had been scalded so badly that it could not live, but through faith and the administration of the Elders it was healed. Sisters Taylor and Bidd thanked the Lord for the blessing of the Gospel to them; always desired to do right. Sister Druexberg felt to thank the Lord for His goodness to her and her family. They had been healed in sickness by the administration of the Elders. Sister Wright referred to the hymns that were sung when she was young, how strict her parents were in relation to religion, how she was converted to the Mormon Church by hearing Brother Orson Pratt preach. Sister Durant bore a strong testimony of her child being healed. Sister Stevenson rejoiced to hear the sisters testify that they knew that the Prophet Joseph Smith was a prophet of God. Said we should read the Bible more, and not talk of things that are not good. This is a retrenchment meeting, retrench from all things that are not good. Meeting adjourned for four weks. Singing. Benediction by Amelia Wardrop. . Amelia Wardrop, R. S. Sec. REPORT. NEBO STAKE. Quarterly conference of the Nebo Stake Relief Society, held in Benjamin meeting house, March 23, 1903, commencing at ten a. m. , Lillyus C. Page presiding After singing, prayer was offered by Brother Hyrum Hand. Singing. Roll officers and members called, seventy-nin- e present. President Lillyus C. Page felt that we would have a good time together and was also pleased to see so many of the brethren. Sister Hattie Wride was sustained as corresponding secretary. Sister Annie Bingham, president of the Benjamin society, welcomed all to join them in conference. Reported that society as doing a good work; have 127 bushels of wheat in good condition; own granary. Nine wards were represented, each president reporting her society in good condition; each laboring to take care of the needy and visit the sick, stcring up wheat and helping to roll on the great work. Sister Jane Worsencroft encouraged the sisters to send their children to Religion Class and Primary. Recitation, Susie Stewart. Bishop McKell, of Spanish Fork, was pleased with the exercises, there is a great work for women, he had nothing but blessings for the sisters. President Annie Bingham asked all to stay and have lunch. Singing. Benediction by Walter Sendlow. Afternoon session, 2 p. m. Conference reconvened by singing, and prayer by Bishop Taylor, of Spring Lake. Singing. Minutes of previous conference read and approved. Minutes of first organization read by Stake Treasurer Martha S. Kapple. Stake Counselor Eliza J. Dixon said if the mothers would live their religion and teach it to their children we would have a better community. Spoke of the necessity of having mothers' work in connection with the Relief Society. Song, Nora Mitchel. Sister Marian Hand was very anxious for the mothers' work, thought it would be a great help to the society. Sister C. J. Tanner, president of Payson 2nd ward, felt there was a great responsibility resting upon themothers.they should learn bow to train the young minds of their children. Reported that society in good condition; have five hundred bushels of wheat in good condition; own granary. Stake Counselor Susan Pickering spoke of the blessing of the Lord upon His daughters and related the story of Samuel. Reported Payson 1st ward society: 117 names enrolled; 700 bushels of wheat; own meeting house. Recitation, Miss Josephine Shepherd. Bishop Hansen, of Benjamin, said he was interested in Relief Society work, could see the necessity of training the children in the principles of the Gospel, mothers have a great influence over the child. Bishop Orgill, of Lake Shore, said he rejoiced in the Gospel of the Lord. Spoke of the young people starting in life aright, should marry in the right way. Spoke against profanity and smoking. Bishop Taylor, of Lake Shore, spoke of children honoring their parents. President Page reminded the presidents of annual day, wished all to start mothers' work as soon as possible. Union meetbe to 2nd held the ings Saturday in April. Next conference to be held in Payson. Conference adjourned. Singing. Benediction by James Hawkins. Hattie Wride, Cor. Sec. RICHEST CITY IN EUROPE. BASEL, IN SWITZERLAND, HAS THAT DIS- TINCTION. The richest city in Europe, and prob-ablin the world, is Basel or Basle, as it used to appear on the school geography in Switzerland. The returns published by the tax administrator show the assessed valuation is more than $175,000,000, and the total population 124,000, an average of more than $1,400 for each man, woman and child in the city. The assessed valuation of Basel equals the total revenue of the 88,000 houses and buildings in Paris. Of the 124,000 inhabitants of Basel there Inare 180 who are rated as millionaries. asmuch as the amount is reckoned in francs, this means that the wealth of these 180 persons exceeds $200,000. There are 175, who have between $100,000 and $200,000; 170 who have $100,000, and 895 who have from $20,000 to $100,000. Within fifteen years the wealth of Basel has increased $60,000,000 and the population has almost doubled which is a most remarkable, showing for a town that is 1,500 years old. It has always been famous. It was the important stronghold of Helvetia in the nth century, and Erasmus died there in the 16th century. The manufacture of silk ribbons is the chief industry, Basel producing more of these ribbons than any other city in Europe. Much machinery is also made there and many chemicals. y New Hampshire gave the largest proportion of votes for equal suffrage ever cast in a New England state. 