WOMAN'S EXPONENT young women upon the earth can devote themselves than that work which has engaged, for so many years, her care and attention. The subject of this sketch is the mother of nine children, six of whom are living firm in the faith of the Gospel, which their mother has so carefully instilled into their hearts. And her intense love of music and gift of sweet voice are inherent in her children. That she possesses literary ability is told in many sweet poems of faith and love which, amid all her busy cares have occasionally slipped into the publication of some of our best liteiature, but as an entertaining correspondent among family and friends her talents shine with the brightest lustre. Such lives of unselfish devotion, such untiring energy, such trusting and unbounded faith in God, such examples of purity and noble thinking and still nobler living are a mighty force in the regeneration of the world making the approach of the Millennium possible. Lillie T. Freeze. MOTHERS' WORK. BANNOCK Lecture I. 1 hems elves STAKE. How Mothers Should Care for During Maternity, and how to Prepare Themselves for Confinement: (a) tions. (b) (c) books Proper clothing. Sanitary condiEvils of the corset. Diet, etc. Condition of the mind. Proper to read. Lecture II. Care of Infants Until After Teething: (a) Proper clothing; From Birth benefits of woolen clothing. (b) Proper feeding and evil effects of patent medicines and drugs. (c) Care of children during teething. Lecture III. Care of Young Girls While Coming into Womanhood: (a) (b) (c) being Benefits of pure air and exercise. Evils of fashionable dressing. Evils of keeping late hours and deprived of proper amount of sleep. Lecture IV When Shall Out Marry: Daughters (a) Proper age. (b) A wife's duty. (e) Evils of race suicide. (d) Necessity of prayer. Lecture V. Necessity of Unity in the Family: (a) Confidence between parents. (b) Gaining the confidence of the children. (c) Reading exemplary lives in the home. (d) Necessity of teaching the children the Word of Wisdom. Lecture IV -- Culture for Mothers: (a) Choice of good literature. (b) Proper language and patience. (c) How to entertain our children at home. (d) Music in the home. Committee on program: Sisters Rosa B. ah Knowles, Amy Tune, L. S. P Gibbs. Mary Robertson, Cor. Sec. SEVIER Lecture I. STAKE. Object of Existence: (a) To benefit humanity and to gain eternal life. (b) L,ove au attribute of God, implanted in the human race for a holy purpose. (c) Marriage a divine covenant for the propogation of the race. "Be fruitful, multiply and replenish the earth." Lecture II. (a) Parenthood: Prenatal influences. Our duty to God to produce the best of our kind. The right of the child to be well born. (b) Unity, love, chastity and loyalty should be the binding links to mortal parenthood. (c) Seek knowledge from all good sources, truth, wisdom and the Holy Spirit as a gift from God. "Seek first the kingdom of heaven and its righteousness and all else shall be added thereunto." False ideas of the marriage vow and its consequences. Lecture III. Motherhood: (a) Motherhood a sacred duty of a wife, her duty to prepare herself with knowledge best suited to the development of the child and comfort of the home. Be able to direct and control her own powers and be an example in all virtues and conduct. Should have some medical knowledge. Ever seek to be cheerful in the discbarge of her duties. Lecture IV, Infancy: (a) The forming of proper habits should begin at the cradle. (b) Best methods of bathing. (c) Best food and feeding, sleep, clothing, cleanliness, and encourage simplicity in dress. (d) Remedies for infants' ailments. Lecture V. Childhood: (a) Physical development, to walk, sit, stand and cultivate a pleasant voice; respect for house of worship; respectful conduct towards all public teachers, whether religious or not; teach to pray; teach the Gospel by example; to speak no evil or speak lightly of those who teach, or God's anointed. Lecture VI. Childhood (continued): Moral development: Restrain all evil bad conduct; tendencies; impure speech; disrespect to aged parents or associates; respect others' rights and be subject to all lawful or social demands. Lecture VII. Childhood (continued): Chastity: In speech, in act exeit a strong home influence; sacredness of the body, keep it pure for the Spirit of God to dwell in; think no evil; mothers be extremely watchful and seek at all times to have the confidence of the child. Teach the child the sacred laws of life before he gains evil knowledge from evil minds. Lecture VIII. Childhood (continued): Social home life: Respect to parents and other members of the family; to hired help; company; be orderly; wait on self, not infringe on rights ot others; polite at table; kindness and unselfishness; obey quickly; converse on intellectual subjects, events, etc.; never indulge in making sport ot others' weaknesses or misfortunes. Lecture IX. Childhood (continued): Social public life: Politeness on the street and at all public places; a social duty not to be boisterous or rude; apply the golden rule; at gatherings nf any kind should be quiet, attentive and respectful during all exercises; at dances or socials should be lively but not boisterous, genteel and courteous in all acts; "To be happy make others happy;" speak no evil of associates; be confidential and frank but not a tattler; children's parties or socials should not be held late at night. (Ref. Doc. and Cov.) Lecture X. Childhood (continued): Social public life (continued): Seek good companions; be honest as friends; not being envious or deceitful; let children have associates; social duty to be clean of speech, person and clothing; habits of good dressing, not gaudy or extravagant, but clean and neat; dress for the occasion, for work or play; punctuality in performing every public duty; all your-- people should be chaperoned at evening gatherings; Lecture XI. Childoood (conliuued): Government: Mutual occupation of parents; control self; govern by love; administering of punishment, when and how; children's rights in the home to recreation, when studying or performing a duty; parental authority should not be greater than parental love. H. M. Jones, CK Com. A VOICE FROM RICHFIELD. Dear Editor: It is not often anything is heard through your interesting columns of our Relief Society in Richfield, therefore we thought we would tell something of our doings on the 6ist anniversary of the organization of the Relief Sociely. On the 17th of March, 1903, the members of our association met at their hall at two o'clock, where a very interesting program, commemorative of the day, wascanied out, after which delicious refreshments were served by the committee in charge. A dancing party at the Star Pavilion, which was a social as well as a financial success, closed the day's program. Our Relief Society is ably managed by our president, Sister Agnes B. Thurher and her aids, they are zealous workers and enjoy the confidence of the sisters in general. Ever desiring the success of the Relief Society throughout the world and the success of the Exponent in particular. Very Truly, Hannah M. Ogden, Sec. Miss Ida M. Tritt has been elected treasurer of the New York ard Queens County Street Railway. 