WOMAN'S EXPONENT OBITUARIES. ANN WOOI.LHY ROBINS. Sister Ann Woolley Robins, wife of William Robins, died at her home in Linden Ward, Utah She had been in Co , Utah. November 11, 1902. ill health for a number of years, but her final sickness was of short duration. The deceased was born February 28, 1838, at Warwick, England. In 1870, with her husband she accepted Mormonism, being baptized by her brother, Thomas Woolley, then a missionary to The following year they his native country. came to Utah and settled in Pleasant Grove with a family of small children. Sister Robins was the mother of eight children, of whom three daughters and two sons are left to mourn her loss. All are married and her grandchildren number over a score. he was a true Latter-da- y Saint, quiet, earnest, and for many years she rilled faithfully the office of a Relief Society teacher, and was a member of the Bo trd of Directors of that society at the time of her death, A. S. MARY El I V. A LYON. In loving remembrance of Sister Mary Etta, the beloved wife of Brother Warren II. Lyon, who died at her residence in Murray, December 22, 1902, about 7 p. m., of congestion of the lungs, after three days of severe illness. She was born April 30, 1872, was the young' st of six daughters of George and Frances Hanson, who were pioneers of Mill Creek Ward. Her devotion to her parents and husband was a great comfort to them. She was kind, loving and affectionate to all she knew. Her greatest sorrow was that she was denied the blessing of motherhood, but her faith in God never wavered, and she loved the principles of the Gospel. Many precious promises were made to her in the Temple of the Lord, where she loved to go, and v here she was several days previous to her death. For twenty years she was an officer in the Primary Association of the 3rd district of Mill Creek Ward. At her funeral services, which were held the day before Christmas in the Murray Ward meeting house, many loving tributes were paid to her memory by the following named speakers: Bishop U. G. Miller, of Murray, Bishop J. C. Hamilton, of Mill Creek, Brother P. J. Sanders and President Frank Y. Taylor, of Granite Stake. Nothing more comforting could have been said to the bereaved husband, parents, brothers, sisters and relatives who are left to mourn her departure. Loving kindred and friends followed the remains to the grave, there to await a reunion of loved ones in that sweet bye and bye. The floral offerings were profuse and beautifcil. "Shed not for her the bitter tear. Nor yield to sore regret; 'Tis but the casket that lies here, The gem is sparkling yet; , Com. francelle e. ii. 1'. roijson. In memory of Francelle Eugenia Jaskell Pome-ro- y Robson, first counselor in the Relief Society of the Maricopa Stake of Zion. She was the wife of the late Charles I. Robson. It would be hard to find one so universally loved and respected as "Aunt Cella," as she was Her death lovingly called by her acquaintances. was caused by a complication of diseases. She was released from pain and suffering May 19, 1902. Sister Robson was a pioneer both of Ulah and She was the daughter of Frances Mesa, Arizona M. Pomeroy and Irene Haskell, and was born at Nauvoo, 111., on September 24, 1845, the year before the exodus of the Saints from that city. They came on to Winter Quarters, her father being one of the 143 pioneers that broke the road from the Missouri river to the Great Salt Lake, where they settled and the deceased lived until she grew to womanhood, when she married Charles I. Robson, February 21, 1877, and settled in Sugar House Ward. Subsequently she and her husband started out again as pioneers and settled at Mesa, Arizona. She passed through all the hardships attending the building up of a new country without a murmur and always did her full share of the public work of the community besides teaching school. She was chosen as secretary of the Mesa Ward Relief Society at its organization, which position she faithfully filled until called to act as secretary of the Stake Relief Society, w'hich position she honorably filled until chosen as first counselor to the Stake president of the Relief Soceity, which ill-fat- 63 she held at the time of her demise. She was ever ready and faithful to her duties wherever called. At the organization of the Woman Suffrage Association she. was selected as the president, and being a natural leader took pleasure in the work. She was the mother of four children two of whom survive her. She was indeed a friend and mother to the orphan and motherless. At her death she left two little ones, whose mother (her daughter) had died a short time before her. In sickness she was an untiring nurse. She was a true and faithful friend to the Lamanites. who would gather around herself and husband to learn the ways of the white people. The funeral services over the remains of Sister Francelle E. Robson were held in the Tabernacle, May 21, at 2 p. m. The house was filled with friends of the deceased. Bishop Warren H. Allen presided and President C. R. Hakes, H. S. Phelps and Bishop S. C. Sorensen, of Lehi, were the speakers. . RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas our Heavenly Father has in His wisdom called one much beloved anr! respected from us, we feel to say, Thy will be done. Resolved, that we tenderto her bereaved family our heartfelt sympathy, and may peace rest upon those who are called to mourn her loss, for we realize it is her gain. Resolved, that this memorial be placed on record, and a copy sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. A. E. Fuller, Secretary. Mabel T. Hakhs, (d) Millions of spirits are yet unborn. (What do Latter-da- y Saints believe regarding them ?) Means of Development: (a) Men and women are developed by performing the duties of parenthood. 2 (b) In parenthood glorious opportunities are offered for cultivating love, patience, justice, mercy, charity, courage, etc. (Show in what way parenthood offers conditions for developing these qualities ) 3. False Ideas of Parenthood: (a) A large class of people in the world favor small families, and many shirk parenthood altogether. (b) Freedom from care and love of worldly pleasure are the motives with some. (c) Others argue that it is a sin to Melissa Hunsakkr, Amelia Horne, . Committee. . (a) Anciently among some people, the child was considered a slave. (b) In the light of the Gospel, the parent stands as provider, teacher, guardian, friend. (c) The child belongs not alone to earthly parents, but to Heavenly Parents also. (d) Mention some of the responsibilities of parents in training and guiding the child, so that in time it may return pure and unsullied to the presence of its Heavenly Father. RELIEF SOCIETY MOTHERS' CLASSES. The Relief Society officers of Utah Stake in September last appointed a committee to prepare a course of study suitable for use in the several branches of the society. The committee submitted the work to the Stake officers, which was approved by them and is now issued in pamphlet form. We have had permission through the kindly courtesy of the president, Sister Mary John, of Provo, to use such parts of this prepared plan as we desire in the Woman's Exponent. In this connection we would say that MOTHERHOOD. the General officers desire to have published in the columns of the Woman's Exponent such matter of this kind, plans of study, etc., as may be furnished from other Stakes, each Stake having the same privilege, There is no word in language dearer than that of mother. She may have provided for our needs; she may have imparted to us many beautiful truths, she may have taught us to pray; she may have shielded us from hardship; she may or may not have done these things but one thing she did alis the The mother-lov- e ways, she loved us. sweetest and purest of all human affections. It cures the ills of childhood, soothes the pangs of youth, comforts and inspires man through life's Mothers do not be afraid to lavish it upbattles. on your children; it makes your memory a hallowed one and gives you power to influence their lives. subject to the approval of the General . officers of the Relief Society, to which such plans of study will always be submittad before appearing in print. The sisters will understand we are not giving the program in full but that which The especially relates to child culture. first exercise is on Parenthood and the book states was prepared by Sister May Bell Thurman Davis, (one of the committee) she also prepared the second exercise on Motherhood. i. PARENTHOOD. "Lo, children are an heritage of the Lord. As arrows in the hand of a mighty man, so are the children of youth. Happy is the man that hath his quiver full of them; they shall not be ashamed, but they shall speak with the enemies in the gate." The 127th Psalm. 1. Object of Existence. bring innocent children into this wicked world: (d) Still others who desire offspring nevertheless limit the family to one or two children. (e) In opposition to these false ideas Saint idea of large give the Latter-da- y families. Relationship of Parent and Child:' I 7 lie Mother'' s First Duty is to (a) The details of housekeeping should not detract the mother from supplying the many needs of the child. (b) Its physical needs should be attended to as near as may be in accordance with the most approved hygienic methods. (c) In the care and training of the child, the end in view is to make it capable and worthy to carry on the work. . great latter-da- y (d) The question then is: What will be for the tdtimate good of the child, not what will be for the child's gratification, or the mother's present convenience ? (e) Care must be constantly given to the child's moral and spiritual development, as well as to its physical welfare. . (a) Reproduction of kind is the great law of creation. ' (b) God said: "Be fruitful and mulAs a tiply, and replenish the earth." a result of obedience to this command millions have been born. (c) Earthly existence is for the purpose of giving experience. ; Her Child: , 