WOMAN'S EXPONENT. RELIEF SOCIETY NURSES' CLASS. The graduating exercises of the Relief stu Society Nurses' Class of seventy-fiv- e dents who have been receiving instructions this year, were held in Barrett Hall of the L- D. S. University, June 24, 1903, Dr. C. the instructor, and Roberts, Margaret Mrs. Emma A. Empey, superintendent, in Certificates were handed to each charge. graduate and addresses were made by Dr. Roberts, Mrs. Empey, President B. W. Smith and President M. I. Home and several other ladies and gentlemen. It was a most interesting occasion and very gratifying to the superintendent, the instructor and to Mrs. Beatie, the secretary, who, with the other two ladies, has been unremitting in her exertions to bring about the - desired success. In the evening a reception was given the nurses at the residence of Bishop and to which the friends and Mrs. Beatie of the nurses' class were invited. patrons Delicious refreshments were served by the nurses, assisted by other young girls. There was also music, and recitations by Miss Babcock, and some other features to give variety and pleasure to those assembled in honor of the nurses, who with their pretty white caps and aprons, Sitting from room to room, gave the affair a dainty and picturesque appearance. Of the guests ot honor there, were the General Relief Society President, Bath-sheb- a V. Smith, President M. Isabella Horne, of the Salt Lake Stake, Emmeline B. Wells, editor Woman's Exponent, Sisters Emma S. Woodruff, Lucy W. Kimball," Ida Smoot Dusenberry, Edna L. Smith, Maria Y. Dougall, Catharine Layne, Eliza K. Woolley, and Bishop N. A. Empey, Elder B. H. Roberts, Elder W. B. Dougall and Piof. J. W. Miller. The evening was delightfully spent in conversation and congratulations to the graduates, who go from here to their homes in the several Stakes of Zion into the states and territories adjacent to begin the practical work of nursing the sick and ministering in this beautiful calliug with tender and loving care to the afflicted ones, with the skill and gentleness they have been taught, carrying the influence of this beautiful mission into the homes of the people wherever it may be their lot to minister from time to time. The Exponent wishes them God speed in their labors and may they be a blessing wherever they go, realizing how grand and noble is the work to which they have been called and set apart, and what it may mean to them in their own development and to the welfare and well being of the Saints, wherever this beautiful spirit may extend. MRS. JENNINGS' TEA PARTY. and has wonderful tact in making her guests happy, and on this occasion each one was presented with a pretty fan. a most suitable gift for a summer day. At the tables small, and large, the ladies were grouped together pleasantly, and when all were seated a blessing was asked upon the food, the home and the hostess by one of the distinguished sisters, President Bathsheba W. Smith. Sisters M. Isabella Horne, Julina L. Smith, Sarah Jenne Cannon, Lydia Ann Wells, Amelia F. Young, Ellen Barton, Annie Taylor Hyde, Susan E. Smith, Charlotte F. Richards, Eliza T. Cannon, Susan P. Brooks, Sarah R. Smith, Martha G. Wells, Maria Y. Dougall, Elizabeth J. Stevenson, Edna L. Smith, Lydia D. Alder, Maria W. Wilcox, Agnes Swartz, Ella W. Hyde, Martha T. Cannon, Hannah C. Wells, Clarissa S. Williams, Alice K. Smith, Sarah A. J. Cannon, Minnie J. Snow, Susan H. Wells, Mary T. Smith, Marian Beatie, Ann E. Groesbeck, Sophia Sharp, Phebe Y. Beatie, Myra Y. Rossiter, Annie Dinwoodey, Rachel R. Graut, Emma A. Empey, Sarah Dinwoodey, Lizzie Sharp, Eunice Foster, Rachel Patrick and. others, including the writer. The sisters whose names appear are nearly all workers in the Salt Lake Temple. The music, both vocal and instrumental, was ver' fine and greatly appreciated. Mrs. Jennings parties are always very enjoyable and this one was no exception to the general rule. A spirit of harmonious sociability pervaded the gathering. As we journey along through life we find that to meet our friends even casually is a kind of satisfaction, that we come to appreciate world. greatly in this busy work-a-day RELIEF SOCIETY REUNION. The Relief Society of Jordan Stake had an interesting reunion in the meeting house at Sandy, Tuesday, June 23, commencing at 10 a. m. Exercises opeued with singing "We thank Thee, O God " Prayer was offered by Elder Samuel Bateman. Singis "Israel calliug." ing, Address of welcome by President Mar-ind- a Bateman, who had charge ot the celebration, assisted by other officers and committees. Sister Bateman's address was a hearty welcome to all present and a few words of congratulation to her numerous aids and helps in the Relief Society work; she also appreciated the presence of President Bathsheba W. Smith and the sisters who were with her from Salt Lake City. Sister Elleu Turpin, West Jordan, gave a recitation entitled, "Some Stern Facts Worth Knowing." Mary Nelson, of Go." Remarks, "Don't recited Draper, Counselor James Jenson. Recitation, Miss Mary Smart, Union Ward. Song, Miss Anna Hanson. Select reading, Sister Maria Goff, "Religion." President Bathsheba W. Smith was pleased with the invitation to be present on such an auspicious occasion: it was rather difficult for her to get away from the Temple to do much visiting in the Relief Society. She complimented the Saints there on The having such a beautiful hall to meet in, and invited and uearly all responded. rooms were beautifully decorated with spoke of having looked at the minute book flowers, mostly roses and carnations, and of the first Relief Society in Nauvoo, after the tables with snowy lineu, rare china, Sister Larson had given the invitation, and then told them of some of the beautiful silver and cut glass were elegant in appearfelt ance, and the delicate flowers, charmingly sayings of the Prophet Joseph; said sheminSister Eliza R. Snow had kept correct arranged, added to the delicious viands. entertainer utes, Sister Smith said many good things, is an admirable Mrs. Jennings Mrs. Win. Jennings, whose capabilities as a hostess are known far and wide, gave one of her unique afternoon "Teas" at her new residence on the corner of Second and B. Streets, in this city, on Friday, June Fifty ladies were 26, at 4 o'clock p. m. i3 j even though she spoke briefly, and she also blessed the assembly. Sister Crane, of Harriman, read a chapter from Abram Kimball's life, which was a strong testimony of the truth of the Gospel. Sister Delilah Gardner read an excellent essay, "Past and Present," which we have given in full in this paper. InterSinging, "Do what is right." mission. BANQUET. As many as could be seated in the large hall below repaired thither and were seated about one hundred in all, President B. and President Marinda Bateman at the head of the table where about fifty were seated, all women, with two or three exceptions. The tables were profusely decorated with flowers, mostly roses, the fragrance most delightful to lovers of beauty. Every delicacy of the season adorned the festive board. Elder Willard Snow pronounced the blessing upon the sumptuous repast. The tables were refilled again and again until all assembled from all over Jor-da- u Stake had partaken of the bounteous supply that had been provided by these good sisters, who abound in works of love and kindness. President Bateman called the assembly together and the program was continued, first by singing "Let earth and heaven agree." Remarks upon Relief Society work and testimony concerning Joseph the Prophet, Sister E. B. Wells, after which President B. W. Smith added other remarks Song, "I concerning the Prophet Joseph. am thinking of my mother, ' ' sister Gari idet. Recitation, "Jamie," Miss Mabel Butler. Remarks on the great work of the sisters in the Relief Society by Counselor Annie Taylor Hyde, she also read the missionary letter prepared by President B. W. Smith for the sisters who visit the Relief Society conferences in the several Stakes of Zion. Song Mrs. by the Young Ladies from Butler. recited of Sarah Wilson Harrison, Sandy, "Joseph Smith, the Prophet," a poem published long ago in the Millennial Star, very good and suitable to entertainments of this kind. Remarks, Elder Samuel Bateman, Duet, very appropriate and interesting. on of Remarks Ladies Sandy. Young and matters suggestion pertaining practical to Relief Society labors of timely interest, by Sister Clarissa S. Williams, daughter of President George A. Smith. Elder James Jenson, select readings from Caudle Lectures. Altogether, the reunion was from the beginning to the close replete with good things,' and should awaken a wider and more definite interest in the work of this grand benevolent organization of the women of the Church. Already great things have been done by the few, now is the time for greater things by the many. W-Smit- h MOTHERS' WORK. ALBERTA STAKE OF ZION, WEST DISTRICT. Sentiment: And God created man in His own image, male and female created lie them, and said unto them, be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth. Gen. i: 2S. Lecture I. Mother Know Thy Mission: Her environments and life to be in accord with the desire to be spiritually, morally, 