WOMAN'S EXPONENT. March 3, 1877. "The society numbers one hundred and fifty members and but very few poor in our midst. Funds on hand amounting to $285.00, a few head of sheep, shares in the store, $140.00 and in the Relief Society store in Ogden City, We have committees appointed $38.00. to buy wheat and store it, to be used in the future for the benefit of the Saints, according to the counsel which may be given through the prophet of God upon the earth. Both old and young seem to take great interest in attendiug our meetings regularly and in gaining useful knowledge pertaining to our religion. The Exponent is very much appreciated, etc." Mary J. Hammond was president at that time and. Mary Hall secretary. MOTHERS' WORK. own character befoie undertaking of wife and mother. (Ref. Improvement Era, Vol. 5, No. 3, page 184; Young Woman's Journal, Vol. 12, No. 5, page 223.) (b) Hygiene of the body. (Ref. a good medical work.) (c) Disposition mental and moral tendencies. How cultivated. (d) Will power; (Ref. Journal of Discourses, Vol. 1, page 355 ) II Bath, food, dress, sleep. Creeping. Teething. Lecture V. Childhood food. Building a healthy body. (Ref. "School and Fireside' ' (Maeser) chapter 4.) Outdoor exercise, (a) Physically: food and sunshine. work and play, (b) Morally: Example and its effect. (Ref. Juvenile Iustructor, Vol. 37, No. 10, page 593; Millennial Star, Vol. 15, No. 1, page .) Mother the child's first companion. Julia A. Richard3, president; Eliza Hall, first counselor; Eliza Ward, second counselor; Josie Kennard, secretary; Ella Capener, treasurer Committee Mothers' Work, Ma-la- d Lecture I. (a) Relationship of wife and husband. (Ref. 70th Annual Conference Discourse, A. O. Woodruff; Young Woman's Journal, Vol. 12, No. 7, page - how little understood Entrusted to the mother's mind alone, To fashion genius, form the soul for good, Inspire a West or train a Washington." ! (a) How can we best prepare for motherhood ? (b) Observing the Word of Wisdom as essential to physical development. (c) The Gospel as essential to spiritual development. (d) The development of the mother as effecting the unborn child. How can we overcome hereditary weak- nesses ? (e) What effect will obedience to the moral law have upon our offspring ? (Refer to St. Matthew i: 24; also Heb. xii: 9; 12: (f) How does the child-bearin- g effect work (g) How does it effect our exaltation? Latter-da- ? y Duties one to the other. (Ref. Contributor, Vol. 15, No. 8, page 516.) (c) What a young wife can do to enLecture II. Pre-natInfluences: courage her husband. (Ref. Juvenile "A pebble in the streamlet scant. Instructor, Vol. 38, page 371; ImproveHas turned the course of many a river, ment Era, Vol. 6, No. 5, page 456, A dewdrop on the infant plant. Vol. 6, No. 7, page 511.) Has dwarfed the giant oak forever." (d) Cleanliness in the home. (Ref. annual conference, Aposseventy-thir- d (a) How does the physical, moral tle Reed Smoot.) and spiritual development of the mother effect the unborn child ? (e) Family prayer, its influence in moral and developing proper spiritual (b) How should we dress during tendencies in the new home, (Ref. Doc. gestation ? and Cov. Sec. 68. "Study well each (c) Why is plain, nourishing food and action that lives and your thought may regular, light exercise essential to be sublime." mother and child ? (d) What responsibility has the fathLotlure III. The Parents: er during this period ? (e) How can he assist in the one "Go forth and multiply and replenish the mission to be performed that of great earth." bringing forth a perfectly developed (a) Beginning and duration of parand child? ental responsibilities. (Ref. School and the amount of character (f) Compare Fireside, (Maeser) page 50-5Improvethe mother building may do during ment Eta, Vol. 6, "Parenthood;" Jourthis period to that that may be done nal of Discourses, Vol. 1, page 106.) later. (b) Parental thoughts and actions. (Ref. Young Woman's Journal, Vol. 12, Lecture III Proper Care of Mother and Infant: No. 7, page 314.) (c) Form habits that you would like "Something to live for has come to our place, your child to follow. Something to die for, may be ; Something to give even sorrow a grace, (d) Environments. (Ref. Gen xxx: (b) al well-balance- d 3; 25-43- A dear little innocent baby." -) (e) Hope. Anticipation. Preparation. health? promote (f) Why should a baby have its wants anticipated ? (g) Why is it best to teach it to go to sleep naturally ? (h) Give practical illustrations of the effect of habit upon the new born babe. (i) Discuss the nursing period and how it effects the child's future life. (j) How should we care for the child during teething ? (k) How and when shall we wean our babies? The Infant Child and its Early "A little bit of patience often makes the sunshine and Maternity: Motherhood ' 'O wondrous power Rev. (e) How does cleanliness Lecture IV. Training: DAVIS STAKE. Making a Home: Refer to Contributor, ol. 7, page 69; Juvenile Instructor, Vol. 38, page 144. 309- (a) (b) Woman Know Thyself: (a) Necessity of studying well your Lecture Care of the little one. "Stake. MALAD STAKE. Lecture I. ted to the mother's condition ? (b) Why should she be kept quiet ? (c) Why is proper care a vital question at this time ? (d) Discuss the proper way to give baby's first bath its clothing, bed and Ike Infant: Lecture IV. (a) What nourishment is best adap come, And a little bit of love makes a very happy home." (a) In what order are the senses developed ? (b) In what order are the emotions developed ? (c) How can these developments be used in the early training of the child ? (d) Of what value are play moments in a child's life? (e) Discuss the motto, "learn by doing." (f) How soon does a child have a moral sense ? (g) Why is firmness so essential in the training of the child ? (g) When and how may obedience be cultivated unselfishness, gentleness, kindness and truthfulness ? (i) What effect has the parent's upon the government of the child? (j) Of what value are the first three years of the child's life in the building of his character. nt Lecture V. Obedience Early Enforcement: Necessity of its "O'er wayward childhood, wouldst thou hold firm rule, And sun thee in the light of happy faces, Love, Hope and Patience these must be thy graces, And in thine own heart school," let them first keep (a) Why should the lesson of obedience be one of the foundation stones of character building? (b) How will this principle effect the life of a Latter-daSaint through time and all eternity ? (c) How is it connected with our spiritual progiess? (d) How should obedience be y taught ? (Refer to Eph. vi: Instructor June Lecture VI. tion: 9; 15, 1903, I Saml. xv: 22; Juvenile page 371.) Childhood and its Proper Direc- "He who checks a child with terror, Stops its play and stills its song, Not alone commits an error; But a grievous moral wrong." (a) How do both paren 8 constantly teach morab good and bad to their children ? 