WOMAN'S EXPONENT. cumstances until the 28th day of March, 1858, about one year and six months, during which time we hdve received from members of the society in contributions of monapparel, provisions, etc., ey, wearing $346.05 amounting to 100.00 Quilts 011 hand and for sale. . . 101.12 Overplus for work and property . Total $547-1- out to poor in the ward . Paid to our brethren of the army " " H. C. Company " " P. O. Fund Paid .... " " Quilts to Temple . . . . . Total disbursements $213.77 43.75 63.65 126.00 100.00 $547.17 Just about the same time Bishop N. V. Jones organized a Relief Society in the 15th ward and chose Sister Lydia Granger president; and Bishop Seth Taft also organized one in the 9th ward and appointed Sister Harriet Taft president, etc. Other societies were also organized, one in the 8th ward by Bishop Lorenzo D. Young of which Sister Zina D. Young was treasurer; but Johnston's army coming here and the move South, as a direct result of it occurred in 1858, which interrupted the regularity of the work of the society wherever it had begun, and it was not until after the return of the people to their homes and when order was again restored that the society was more perfectly and permanently organized. It would be interesting to give many ot the incidents of those early days, what the sisters did to raise means and even to do plain sewing and quilting, old cotton stocking legs were raveled to get the yarn to sew with, also knitted and crocheted lace, and very small bits of calico were used to make quilts. Later on in the sixties Sister KlizaR. Snow, Sister Zina D. H. Young and others began visiting through the country places tn help organize and show the inexperienced sisters how to conduct their meetings. OBITUARIES. RESOLUTIONS the memory of Sister Luanda Rickey. Whereas our Heavenly Father has seen fit to call , from this life our beloved sister, Lucinda Rft-hey- year, be it Resolved, that we humbly acknowledge the wisdom of an Overruling Power, who doeth all things well, s: the loss of our aged sister, who was a comfort in the hour of trouble, a devoted wife and mother, a true Latter-da- y Saint, and a most faithful worker in the Relief Society, being its pioneer president for twelve successive years. Resolved, that we strive to carry out her wise counsel, follow her noble example, especially in never speaking ill of any one, and cherish in our hearts that love for her which she so truly won. Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be sent to the bereaved family, one be placed on the Relief Society record, and one sent to the Exponent for publication. seventy-sevent- h Lizzie B. Patterson, Anna M. Mallory. Secretaries. St. Johns, Arizona. RESOLUTIONS y Levina Brimhall, Rebecca Johnson, Officers R. S. Nephi Ward. MARY ANN GREEN. It becomes our painful duty to record the death of our beloved sister, Mary Ann Green, who departed this life, May 24, 1903, aged sixiy-fiv- e years, after a lingering Illness of twelve months and thirteen days, which she bore with great patience and fortitude. She was an earnest worker and labored as a teacher in the American Fork Relief Society, she was also an officer in the Primary Association for a number of yearsShe took great delight in laboring with the children, and although she never had any of her own, she raised two by adoption and was a true mother and a wise counselor. She had great faith in the ordinances of the Gospel and remained faithful as long as she lived. She leaves a husband, the two adopted children and grandchildren to mourn her loss, and we realize she has gone to enjoy a rest prepared for the faithful and in full hope of a glorious resurrection. OF RESPECT. was a devoted friend to the poor and needy, a wise counselor in her family and among her friends. Therefore we, her colaborers of the Relief Society, in meeting assembled, feel to emulate her many virtues and noble traits of character, of faith and charity, and to hold iu remembrance and high esteem her name. She died as she lived, true to her covenants, with the hope of a glorious resurrection, therefore we feel to offer to her memory the following resolutions: resolutions of respect Whereas, in the providence of our Heavenly Father, He has seen fit to take from our midst our beloved sister, Elizabeth H. Mayho, and Whereas, we her colaborers in the Relief Society, feel that we have lost .a true friend and worker in the great cause, be it, therefore, Resolved, that we tender our love and esteem and our heartfelt sympathy to her husband and family, and condole with them in their sad bereavement, while we submit to the will of an Alwise God who doeth all things weli. Resolved, that we spread these resolutions on the society records, and present a copy to the family and also to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Margaret M. Watson, Emma T. Bennett, Jane B. Snyder, Committee. - RESOLUTIONS OK RESl'ECT. Resolved, that we her colaborers in this great work of love express our appreciation of her example. That we emulate her noble traits of character, of faith, and charity, and her devotion to her religion. Emma Featherstone, Alice T. Steele, Committee. fanny clayson quigly. To the memory of Fanny C. Quigly who died December 2, 1902, of consumption. She was born at Payson, August 1, 1867, and lived a faithful life in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, She was married to Brother John Quigly in 1894, who preceded her to the two spirit world in 1894. She was the mother ofeldest the in the infancy, sons, youngest dying survives her to mourn "the loss of a loving mother, She was a member and teacher of the Payson First Ward Relief Society, in which she was an earnest worker among the sick and afflicted. Whereas it has pleased our Heavenly Father to call from our midst by the hand of death our beloved sister and friend, therefore be it Resolved, that we recognize in her death the loss of a true friend and colaborer in the Payson First Ward Relief Society. Resolved, that these resolutions be entered in the Relief Society record, also a copy be presented to the bereaved son and one printed in the Woman's y A GOOD WOMAN CALLED HOME. It has pleased our Heavenly Father to call from our associations, Sister Martha Ann Davis, wife of Brother Heber H. Davis. Our beloved sister and coloborer will be sadly missed from our ranks. Sister Davis served for several years as first counselor iu the Primary organization of this ward, teacher in the Sunday School and teacher in the Relief Society. We truly sympathize with her husband and family in their sad bereavement. Sister Davis was most energetic and persevering in the discharge of her arduous duties, faithful to every trust until prevented from attending to her duties by suffering. As a Society we sincerely mourn her and we earnestly pray our Heavenly Father to bless Brother Daris and his young daughters, and may the Lord bless the babe left without a mother's loving care, may it be blessed with life and with its Sister Inez follow in the footsteps of their mother. God bless them. Rachel Isaacs, President 16th ward R. S. R. REPORTS. S. PANGUITCH "Dea'h softly came and bore away A sister true and tried, In the calm twilight of her days In faith and hope she died. She suffered long, then calmly bent, To meet death's fatal blow An arrow sure in mercy sent, To sufferers here below." Amy Hancock, M. A. Ross, J. A. Hancock, Committee. ELIZABETH MAYIIO. Fourth t.. Mc;HnnncElizabeth rvj . 1003 Mrs. Mav 10 Henry Mayho, ana aaugnier 01 . Ward Provo Citv. Utah Mayho, beloved wife of vv uunm auu uuti-to- n u Houston. Deceased was born in Preston, England, May 2, 1859, and family to Utah in 1897, emigrating with her husband thv removed to Provo where thev have since resided. She leaves a husband, two sons and two daughters to mourn the loss of a most exemplary wife and kind and affectionate mother. She was baptized Saints in the into the Church of Jesus Christ ol Latter-daFncrlanH sinre which time she has 00- m ioost year '"""'i labored earnestly and faithfully for the advancement of the kingdom of God, and to establish truth and righteousness upon the earth, always ready to bear her testimony to the divine mission ol the Prophet Joseph Smuh. Her house was always open to the traveling Elders and missionaries as many brethren testified at her funeral serin vices, speaking feelingly ol her as their "English Mother y tn the memory of Sister Mabel Clair Johnson, Whereas our Heavenly Father has seen fit to remove our sister, Mabel Clair Johnson, from our midst, and Whereas she was a loving wife and mother, a true Latter-daSaint and an earnest, faithful worker in the different organizations of the Church To and in the ward to which she belonged, therefore be it .. ,. Resolved, That while we grieve to lose her, and while we mourn with the bereaved husband and relatives, we bow in submission to the decree of onr Heavenly Father and say "Thy will, and not ours be done." Resolved, that we will endeavor to live lives that will make us worthy to meet her in the life beyond the grave. Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be given to the bereaved husband and a copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. Esther Openshaw, Exponent. OF RESPECT. To in her 7 As'k teacher in the Relief Society of Provo, Fourth Ward she was ever at her post of duty, visiting, counseling and admonishing the sisters, deeming no labor too arduous but performing the same with love and cheerfulness. She STAKE. Report of Relief Society conference held in Escalante, May 29, 1903, commencing at 10 a. m. President Elizabeth DeLong presiding. We had with us two visiting sisters from Salt Lake City, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp from the General Board and Sister L. D. Alder, and representatives from the different wards. Conference opened by the choir singing. Prayer by Stake President David Cameron. Continued by singing. Minutes read and roll called, showing representatives from seven wards, two being presidents. President Elizabeth DeLong gave a short report of the Stake, had not been able to visit as she should on account of the hard winter. Counselor Alice Jane Camerou reported Panguitch Ward. Escalante Ward was reported by Nancy Riddle. President Elizabeth DeLong, by request of the president of Circleville Ward, reported that ward.Henriville Ward was reported by its president, Sarah T. Littlefield. Sister Alder spoke at some length, giving us some very good instructions on mothers' : - 