WOMAN'S EXPONENT 86 as Jesus received sinners intake Sister to His bosom. Sister , in the name of the Lord, I now make you free. Nothing is so much calculated to lead people to forsake sin as to take them by the hand, and When watch over them with tenderness. manifest or the kindness least love persons O over has what power it towards me, my mind, while the opposite course has a tendency to harrow up all the harsh feelings and depress the human mind. ' It is one evidence that men are unacquainted with the principles of godliness to behold the contraction of affectionate feelings and lack of charity in the world. The power and glory of godliness is spread out ou a broad principle to throw out the mantle of charity. God does not look upon sin with allowance, but when men have sinned, there must be allowance made for them. ' 'All the religious world is boasting of righteousness; it is the doctrine of the devil to retard the human mind, and hinder our progress by filling our minds with The nearer we get to our Heavenly Father, the more we are disposed to look with compassion on perishing souls; we feel that we want to take them upon our shoulders, and cast their sins behind our backs. My talk is intended for all this society; if you would have God have mercy on you, have mercy on one another. " President Smith then referred them to the conduct of the Savior when he was tiken and crucified, etc. He then made a promise in the name of the Lord, saying that that soul who has righteousness enough to ask God in the secret place for life, every day of their lives, shall live to three score years and ten. We must walk uprightly all the day long. How glorious are the principles of righteousness we are full of selfishness; the devil flatters us that we are very righteous when we are feeding on the faults of others. We can only live by worshiping oui God; all must do it for themselves; none can do it for another. How mild the Savior dealt with Peter, saying, "When thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren." At another time He said to him, "Lovest thou me?" and having received Peter's reply He said, "Feed my sheep." If the sisters love the Lord, let them feed the sheep, and not destroy them. How oft have wise men and women sought to dictate Brother Joseph by saying, ' Oh, if I were Brother Joseph I would do this and that;" but if they were in Brother Joseph's shoes, they would find that men or women could not be compelled into the kingdom of God, but must be dealt with in and at last we shall save them. The way to keep all the Saints together and to keep the work rolling, is to wait with all till God shall bring such characters to justice. There should be no license for sin, but mercy should go hand in hand with reproof. "Sisters of this society shall there be strife among you? I will not have it. You must repent and get the love of God. The best Away with measure or principle to bring the poor to repentance is to administer to their wants. The Ladies' Relief Society is not only to relieve the poor, but to save souls." President Smith then said that he would give a lot. of land to the society, by deeding it to the treasurer, that the society may-buila house for the poor. He also said he ! long-sufferin- long-sufferin- g, g, would give a house frame, not finished, and that Brother Cahoon will move it on to the aforesaid lot, and the society can pay him by giving orders on the store; that it was a good plan to set those to work who are owing widows, and then make an offset etc. GENERAL CONFERENCE RELIEF SOCIETY. The General Conference of the Relief Society was held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this city, April 3, 1903, commencing at 10 a. m., president Bathsheba W. Smith presiding. On the stand with the president was her first counselor, Sister Annie T. Hyde, Secretary Einrueliue B. Wells, Treasurer Clarissa S. Williams, President M. Isabella Horne, of the Salt Lake Stake, President Susan Grant, of Davis Stake, President Rebecca Standring, Alpine Stake, also Sisters Romania B. Pratt, Julina L. Smith, Emily S. Richards, Phebe Y. Beatie and Annie Wells Cannon of the General Board. Meeting opened with the congregation singing "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation." Prayer by Sister Susan Grant. Singing, "High on the mountain top." Secretary E. B. Wells called the roll of the General Officers, the Board, missionaries and presidents of Stakes, showing a goodly number present. President B. W. Smith then made an opening address. She was pleased to see sj many present, thought them very good looking, they were working in a very good cause; the Relief Society was the grandest of organizations, she knew they were doing a good work and were getting some help from the mothers' work and nurses' class, she wanted the young mothers and young grandmothers to take hold and urged them to join the Relief Society, even if they did President belong to the Young Ladies. F. said Smith had the mothers' work Joseph must be under the Relief Society president and she must have help if necessary. Sister Smith then said, "Be good to the poor and needy, look after the dead and continue in these good works; be truthful, honest and pure, and teach your children to do right." She longed to hear the reports of the presidents, it was always a feast, and the time seemed always too short; she rejoiced in the Gospel and in all its good works. Secretary was requested to call the Stake presidents from a distance. Sister Elizabeth Hardy reported the Eastern district of Alberta, a very excellent report, granaries in every ward except Sterling, and they were building one, the granaries were full of wheat; they had a meeting house and a nice large school house and about $10.00, they had been holding meetings in private houses until lately, but now held them in the schoolhouses, the sister felt diffident about reporting, as this was her first time. Cassia Stake they were to do best the striving they could, the settlements were scattered over about 700 miles around the Stake, they had considerable grain on hand and the branches were in good working order, in Oakley a new meeting house had been built and paid for; in the 3rd ward the sisters had a fine granary; the Stake officers visited just as often as they could considering the circumstances. Fremont reported by the secretary, Sister Sarah A. Barnes, they had visited every ward and all were doing well, they own six or seven granaries and one in course of erection, they had good meetings and good average attendance and seemed to have the spirit of their calling. Counselor Elizabeth Pugh represented Kanab Stake, their's was a very hard Stake to visit, it took five days through snow and mud, they had good sisters, but they were so far from headquarters that perhaps they did not do all they should, had been quarantined on account of small pox, which had been a hindrance to their regular work. President Louisa B. Benson spoke for Oneida Stake, said they were united with the presidency of the Stake, the officers of the Stake meat quarterly, the wards semimonthly, devoted a part of the time in the meeting to the mothers' work, hoped and believed this would encourage the young sisters to join the society, they made the meetings as interesting as possible, had the sisters in the meetings join the lectures in the subjects and that helped to awaken an interest. President Martha Hammond, San Juan Stake, thought they were doing very well under the circumstances, their treasury was low and the wheat question rather behind as they had not raised much wheat of late years but were more prosperous this year; she had not been, able to visit much but through correspondence had been kept informed of the work, she had been excused by President Lyman from attending the Stake conference but hoped hereafter to be able to do better. President Sophia Rigby, Teton Stake. They had eight branches in the lower valley and two in Jackson, they had visited those in Jackson this last winter, the Stake had only been organized one year last fall, but had a goodly number of sisters and a good average attendance in summer time, but in winter it was difficult to hold meetings, they were trying to arouse an interest in building, there was only one ward that owned its meeting house yet; the sisters feel that by attending to their duties the Lord blesses them; they had collected fifty dollars on the dollar donation for the Woman's Building. "We have 182 members in the lower valley, but do not know the number in Jackson; we feel the 'work is enjoyable and that we will be blessed in going on in our labors." Sister Maggie C. Hull saig very beautifully a soprano solo, "Where He May Lead I Will Follow." President Eliza M. Oram, Pocatello Stake. She had visited each ward in the Stake twice last year and was now on the eve of visiting again, the Stake had been organized five years, they were all poor, but there were some of the loveliest women that ever lived; and she knew they were trying to do as well as possible under the circumstances, she then gave some statistics, and also said they were united in their labors, held Stake officers meeting once a month, their Stake president, Brother Hyde, met with them, she had always taken the advice of the General Board and had the assistance of their Stake president, Brother Hyde. Woodruff Stake, President Jane Barlow Muir, they had one society in the valley organized about six months, that had not yet been visited, this one society would take a week to visit ou account of the distance. "When the weather settles we shall visit all the wards, four of, these are among the mining districts, but we find lovely sis- - 