WOMAN'S 26 at the same time claiming, as we really are, to be standing on the very threshhold of the dispensation of the fulness of times and actually living in the Era of the regeneration. As members of the Church of Jesus Christ we each have high responsibilities resting upon us; and surely quite as much diligence and faithfulness are requisite in Zion as in Babylon if we needed a large amount of moral courage to stand forth amid the scoffs and sympathies of the world, and of our unbelieving kindred, to espouse the Gospel of Christ; we certainly shall require no less to fulfill all its requirements in the midst of those who are called Saints; for remember "all are not Israel that are of Israel." In order to attain to a fulness of promised blessings, we must be found faithful, as well as to have been called and chosen. In speaking of those of the middle age, the Savior said, "All the blood that has been shed from the time of righteous Abel," etc. "will I require at the hand of this generation." Why? Simply because the responsibility of saving, or in other words, of doing the work for all the dead, from the days of Adam down to that time, rested upon those to whom the Gospel was proclaimed. If such were their responsibilities, what must be ours, who are called to lay the foundation of the new order of things, after the pattern of heaven to sound the requiem of Gentile policies, with all their incongruities and tendencies to evil, and of every principle of disorganization and degeneracy; to establish or at least to assist in introducing such customs and principles as shall place an eternal veto on the downward course of human existence; and cause the tides thereof, both physically and mentally to flow upward, until mankind in their generations upon the earth, become immortal. We do not yet see eye to eye in all things a difference in judgment with regard to right and wrong in many instances, will exist among those who embrace the truth through the love of it, until our understandings, being stripped of the fripperies of the past are equally enlightened by the power of the wisdom of God. This calls for long suffering and forbearance towards each other. But do we not, too often, suffer our judgments to be biased by reflections from the opaque order of things with which our feelings have been associated ? We do not like variations from the beaten track, and sooner than pass the trying ordeal of change ourselves sooner than stem the tide of fashionable folly sooner than stoop to conquer the degenerating power of custom, we tamely transmit to succeeding generations the evils which we endure; and leave for them to accomplish what we should do ourselves. My dear sisters in Zion to you I speak Shall it be thus ? Let us all let us as individuals realize that a portion of this great responsibility, however small that portion may be, is resting on us. Let us ever dare to do right, and in doing right, not be afraid or ashamed to do. What is true greatness ? In human character, usefulness constitutes greatness. I mean in Zion. In the estimation of holy intelligences, the most useful character or person is the greatest. The Savior said, "He that is greatest among you, let him be servant of all," or in other words he is servant of all. "The glory of God is His works." Usefulness is great EXPONENT the most perfect and beautiful elegance, and the most lofty sublimity are combined and associated with the greatest simplicity. This is a day of restitution, and when that heavenly simplicity which characterized the ancient worthies, those who associated with angels and conversed with the Most High, is restored, the Saints of the last days will freely participate in the same blessings. This is a laboring dispensation; and we are instrumental in benefitting others in transmitting to succeeding generations, those principles and those practices which tend to save and exalt; in the same proportion shall we be crowned with glory and exaltation in the courts of Eternity. E. R. Snow. ness. The tallest dignity June i, 1877. IN ELIZA MEMORIAM ANN ALLRKD. It becomes our sad duty to record the death of another beloved sister, who departed this life Saturday, April ti, 1903. Eliza Ann Allred was the beloved wife of Joseph G. Allred of the High Council of this stake and a daughter of the late President Layton and his wife, She was born in a wagon Sarah Martin Layton. near the mouth of the Humbolt River, May 28, 1856, while her mother was filling a call to Carson City, Nevada. She has always been a faithful Latter-da- y Saint, and filled many positions of honor and trust in this stake of Zion, being a teacher in the Sunday School and treasurer in the stake Relief Society. She leaves a devoted husband, two sons and two daughters to mourn her loss. Her eldest son, Christopher A. Allred, is now in New Zealand, where he has been for three years on a mission. RESOLUTIONS OF EESPECT. Whereas it has pleased our Heavenly Father to remove our dear sister and take her to a higher sphere, therefore be it Resolved, that we mourn her los3 as a faithful worker in the cause of truth, and that we desire to emulate her earnest labors. That we tender our sympathy to her bereaved husband, family and relatives in their sorrow, and pray our Heavenly Father to let the comforting influence of His Holy Spirit be with them in their bereavement. That we place a copy of this memento m our stake record, to send one to the Woman's Exponent, and one to the bereaved family. Olive Kimball, Alice Beebe, S. T. Thatcher, Ariz., Foley, Committee. MARY STUBBS HINDLEY. "Blessed are the dead that die in the Lord" "Like weary and worn-ochildren, that sigh for the daylight's close, He knows that they oft are sighing, for home and its sweet repose; So he calls them in from their labors, ere the shadows around them creep, And silently watching o'er them, He giveth His loved ones sleep." The subject of this sketch, Sister Mary S. Hind-lewas born in Middewich, Cheshire, England, December 14, 181 8, and died at her home in American Fork, May 20, 1903, in her eighty-fiftut faithful, energetic and conscientious labor. In that position she extended help and succor with a liberal hand; yet was ever mindful of the true objects of the society, and thus gained the love and esteem of those with whom she was thus associated. Her unswerving Integrity and strict sense of justice, with her fidelity to those with whom she labored will cause her to be ever remembered with love and respect by her colaborers. One eminent trait in her character was her devotion to the principles of celestial marriage, and though having no children of her own, yet she cherished with the most In tender love the children of her fellow-wiveall, her noble character and good deeds are worthy of emulation by all those who like her are laboring in the interests of the Gospel. One pleasing attribute of her character was her large hospitality, she loved to have her friends in her home and to entertain them liberally. Sister Eliza R. Snow greatly admired Sister Hindley, and with her and with Sister Zina D. H. Young the writer of these last few lines has spent many happy hours in Sister Hindley's company. She deserves a tribute ot praise for her weal in advancing the Interests of She was one who apthe Woman's Exponent. preciated blessings, a woman of prayer. She has gone to meet the husband of her youth, who has waited these many years, and to receive the reward of those who are purified through suffering. s. "There endless is the pleasure, There countless is the gain, Past all degree and measure, Reward shall comfort pain." REPORT FROM TOOELE STAKE. Minutes of conference held in Tooele, June 11, 1903, President Emily J. Anderson presiding. After the usual opening exercises, business, etc., the president addressed the sisters, reported the condition of the stake and spoke of introducing the Mothers' Work. Sisters reported as follows: Mary A. Ann Atkins, the House, Grantsville; Mary three branches in Tooele; the Clover branch was also reported; Louise Shields, Lake View. There being no representative present from the other wards, Sister Frederika Nelson spoke very interestingly, and nlso Sister Naomi Gillette. In the afternoon conference Sister Yates, of E. T. City reported first and Sister Judd, of Grantsville made a brief address upon the Mothers Work. Sisters Jane D. Brown, Mary A. House, Jeannette Spears, Mary A. Atkin, R. Alice McBride, LiUias Smith, Lillian Gillespie and Ann Lee each spoke upon the work of the Relief Sooiety. The president made a few closing remarks, assured the sisters that the more they labored in the work, the more interested they would become. She felt the stake was In good condition and had been satisfied with the conference. Conference adjourned to meet in Grantsville, October, 1903. LiLUAN Gillbspib, Cor. Sec. NOTES. y, h year. Sister Hindley was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, in January, 1848, and with her husband emigrated to America in 1850, and in 1853 came across the plains with and in December of the same year settled in American. Fork, which was her home until her death. She was chosen president of the Relief Society of American Fork at its first organization in October, 1868, which position she filled with credit and efficiency; and in fact she possessed unusual executive ability in managing affairs. In the spring of 1895, in consequence of advanced years and failing health, she resigned her position as president, after twenty-seve- n years of s, The World's W. C. T. U. has reelected Lady Henry Somerset president, and also reelected all its other general officers. Wellesley Radcliff, Vassar, Mt. Holyoke, and all the colleges for women, as well as the multitude of coeducational Universities, are holding their commencements, and sending out their graduates to do good work in the world. With every year that passes, their number grows, and it becomes more and more of an anachronism, that these thousands of highly educated young women should continue to be classed politically with minors and insane persons. 