WOMAN'S SLUMBER LAND. We glide through the twilight of Drowsy Lane, Where weary white eyelids drop softly down And cover the light of the merry eyes That are blue and hazel and gray and brown. We reach the vallev of Where the shadows ever so lightly fall, d And come to the Bridge of Doze, Where giant Dreams are the warders tall. Half-Awak- . e, dusk-veile- And then, as the little heads nod and sway. And lower and lower sink slowly down," We come to the wonderful Land ot Sleep And enter its city, fair Slumber ton. The stars are the golden lamps that light The visicn-pave- d streets of that city fair, And lullabies are the music sweet That softly falls on the drowsy air. ! MY SISTER. My Sister thou art troubled Wherefore move narrow groove? So hardly in that Get out of it Then look back; Step higher And see how graceless that low, misty track 'Tis but for mis'rable and cramped; Our Father's seal hath on thy brow been stamped; Thou art His child Peacemaker thou shouldst be. In every case which may appeal to thee, ! old-tim- e, ! ! earth-worm- s, ! And when unruly tongues would chafe thine ear, With things unsisterly to speak or hear, Which thou must answer, make thou this excuse, "She is my sister whom thou wouldst traduce; My Father's daughter ! And to soil her name, Would give our family roll the mark of shame. Mistakes she may have made, but I must sav Some pow'r misled her it was not her way." Cease multiplying errors, black or red; Erase them rather, leaving blanks instead; Which she, our sister, may hereafter fill With kindly deeds and words of sweet good will. Should brilliant thought of thine another claim, Be not too hasty to detract or blame; For waves of thought like rays of light extend. And who shall say where they begin or end ? What matters it, since this last boon is free, Of service in Our F ther's cause to be ? If faithful as His daughter thou wouldst prove. Climb on the "stumbling blocks," leave the old groove, Far above unholy strife. (Jet higher Yet be more humble, in thy purer life, For all who sland'rously their feelings ease, Keep this kind motto' "She's my sister, please." ! And when "the books" are opened at the last, And the head Keeper over them shall cast A just, though critical and searching glance. When thy list shall be read, thou' It hear perchance, (As with "the other book" he shall compare, ) "Why were not credits entered here and there?" Wherein 'twas said, in place of speaking ill. "She is my Fathers daughter please be still." Lolisa L. Greene Richards. THE NEW YEAR. Read at the New Year's party, Cannonville, Utah. Good bye to the old year that has disappeared for aye, never more to come again. It has dealt kindly with us and we will enshrine it gratefully in our memories. Few shadows lie on its receeding pathway, and for the sunshine, the happiness and pleasures of the past we may well be thankful The hours that are past and gone we can recall, but in the future, as it comes, every mistake can be corrected, and the hours be made to bubbje gver with usetul ness and good. neer ; 59 The days of the new year will come marching on, and may we improve the shining moments that have been designated the "gold dust of time." ! ! ! ! ! ! And white winged dreamlets like angels float Above the spot where the children sleep, And whisper them tales of 'vondrous things As they rock them off into slumber deep - murdered. He also knew, almost as if he were a son, President Young and President Taylor. President Taylor was his and with his family he came to this uncle, first the He valley New Year New Year dawning on us htre, year of its settlement. was first chosen counselor to President Bring us many joys through this glad New Year, May it hourly bring us peace and too, Taylor also to President Woodruff and To the ones around us, though we plenty number few. President Snow. Many years o his life were spent on missions, and his New Year New Year may thy numerous days, voice has been heard, not only in the counGlisten, ever glisten with joyous, happy rays; May each flitting da a blessing to us be, tries of Europe and the United States, but Until the last day of the year is but a memory. also in the lauguage of the islands of the New Year New Year may the months pass He was always obedient to by, western sea. Gliding smoothly for us in their coming nigh; those placed over him and whatever he did And our hearts beat happy till the welkin ring, was by counsel. As a boy he made adobes With another New Year's praises, which we joy and hauled wood out of the canyons. Asa ous sing. he dug gold, preached the Gospel New Year New Year we happy greet you here, youth and wrote for the press. Between missions May we have no sadness, shed no bitter tear, he did our emigration business for the Church, May glad hearts raise in prayer, and praise and love, and went to Washington to look alter the To our loving Ruler in the heavens above, welfare of his people. Then, as he grew Emily B. Spencer. older, and after he became an Apostle, managed newspapers, wrote books and for S. L. PRIMARY CONFERENCE. magazines, sat in Congress and became a leader in business throughout Zion. With The Salt Lake Primary held a most in- it all, he was ever a willing worker in the teresting cenference in Barratt Hall, on cause of truth and one of the greatest the 20th of December last. All the mempreachers and thinkers of our time.. He bers of the Stake Board were present on died on the 12th of April, a year and a the platform and they weie most agreeably half ago. The great features of his life surprised at the splendid turnout of the were his humility, honesty and faith in little folks, for never before had there been God. He knew and testified that the Lord so well attended a conference. There were lived, and his highest desire was to do His besides officers the and par- will. 830 children; ents that were present, and the spirit and enthusiasm of the conference were beautiA WORD TO MOTHERS. ful and inspiring. Sister Camilla Cobb A child is the most helpless of all 'God's presided in her customary genial and pleasant way. The roll call was very entertah creation. The first thing for parents is to In ing, each ward responding with a senti- look after the health of their children. dress them with warm flannel so, ment, after stating the number present. doing A most interesting program was rendered, next their bodies and have them eat at each number being very much appreciated regular hours, little meat, if any, and by the little folks and deserving of special plenty of milk and fruit When old enough to run about they mentio.i, but two little girls, Rhea Little-wood- , of the 29th ward, and Lucile Snow should have plenty of outdoor exercise, in Critchlow, of the 8th ward, were cun- cold weather as well as warm, carefully ning in their recitations and the little dressed according to the weather. Parents cannot bestow too much affection boys' band, of the 8th ward, furnished most pleasing music. upon their children. Children should never be trifled with, but when speaking to them One of the features of the conference was the sketch of the life of President Geo. let them know that you mean what jou Rule with love and kindness I say. Q. Cannon, by his little granddaughter Emmeline, and if at the conferences this think a good plan for parents would be to learn to control themselves before trying to idea is carried out and the children give similar sketches of the lives of our beloved lead control their children. It is wrong to puners, it will not only be instructive, but will ish in anger, it is better for children to obey keep in mind their good deeds and their through love than fear, and to be taught devotion to the Church, and we take great that they have a good Father in heaven pleasure in publishing the sketch the little who sees them, and He watches over them girl gave with the thought that it will be as well as their earthly parents. Parents should teach their children the not only pleasant reading, but an example C. W. A. for future use. principles of the Gospel, they will be held responsible if they do not. They should SKETCH. also teach them the obje.:t of their mission I live in the ward of this Stake which on earth, how to control their passions and Mothers should watch their was named for my grandpa, George Q. Canappetites. non. He was one of the first to make his children very closely, find out their litlle home there. Long before that, my j rand-m- a troubles and actions, encourage them to gathered thistles for food near the vety ask questions and never fail to answer them spot where our house now stands. He was to their satisfaction. Teach them the Word of Wisdom; that known b everybody in the ward and by is their duty to prolong their lives upon all it and this in Church; nearly everybody Children should be taught to the earth. for was loved he him who knew him, the to listen to America came He all his promptings of the Holy Spirit, days. good and believe that it is their privilege to be to born was fifteen He of when a boy years. it in all the affairs of life. Teach His in e guided by seventy-fivEngland. years ago noble them was buried at principles, that to be truly gn at mother died on the ship and be must Soon afterwards, his father ajso died, they sea truly good. Teach them to be industrious early in life and to exercise he was left at the head of a family of small Prayer in the He met and loved every faculty they possess. brothers and sisters. secret prayer. the Prophet Joseph Smith, though he was season thereof, also S. Clark, was Mary man seventeen when that paly great j When stars gleam out in the evening skies, And flowers are hanging their heavy heads, We journey off to a distant land. As the little ones rock in their cradle btds. EXPONENT- ! ! -- 