WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Young Card. Singing, "Now is the voice that nature breathes." President Smith announced that Sister Lizzie Smith Cart-wrigwould give her lecture on ht THE CHILD'S RIGHTS IN THE HOME. The lecture was finely given in excellent voice and contained many helpful suggestions for those who are engaged in Mother's work in the Relief Society. A number of good points were brought out, and alto- gether it showed much serious thought and careful preparation. President Jane S. Richards of Weber Stake was the first speaker after the lecture Sister Richards expressed herself as having been edified by the lecture and spoke favorably of the mother's work in her own stake, and eloquently of her great love for children, little and big. She thought we should never be cross to them. "The Lord is so kindly and forgiving with us that we ought to be forgiving with our children. The younger the sisters can be taught these things the better. There is no better thing that we can do in this world, than to teach our children to grow up good and true Latter-day Saints." The speaker referred to meetings in her own stake, and the exertion she had made where a dilatory feeling had existed in regard to holding meetings, and the Bishop had become discouraged; she undertook to help and bad met with good success in visiting as a teacher from house to house. "Kind words from the sisters are comforting, and are pleasing to the Lord." President Mary John, Utah Stake, said they were a band ot faithful workers in that stake, she gave some statistical and financial figures, and mentioned specially the storing of grain, she thought theirs was well taken care of and was keeping good. Explained what had. been done in mothers work and the satisfaction it had given, spoke of the booklet published which had been very helpful; she wanted the children to keep in the straight and narrow path. President Mary E. Schofield, Union Stake, Oregon, felt they had a small beginning; the organization had only been completed about three years- - and the branches were quite scattered: nevertheless they had held officer's meetings, and were commencing the mother's work; the sisters met in the different homes; had not yet stored much grain, although they lived in a good grain country, the Bishop had advised every one over twenty-onyears of age to give a bushel of wheat; in their stake they were mostly young sisters without much experience. They had just held a conference and were visited by Sisters Annie Taylor Hyde and Emma S. Woode ruff. President Sarah Pope, Uintah Stake, said they were not so far away, but it was hard work getting there; the sisters were helping to build meeting houses and a Stake Tabernacle. Sister Emma S. Wood-rnf- f visited them this year and they had a good time. The Relief Society has four granaries and two meeting houses; some of the granaries were lined with tin and the grain screened on the top with wire to protect the grain from mice; had introduced mother's work; always visit each ward once a year, and sometimes three or four times. President Andrew Kimball of St. Joseph Stake, Arizona, addressed the conference; spoke well of the country down there, and highly of the sisters in the Relief Society said, "we have invited the sisters to join us on priesthood day, all come together in the morning in the Sunday School Union, and at noon all the officers meet, and at 2 o'clock we have the sisters meet with us, and there- by they have the key to the work of the Lord; the sisters sometimes out number the men, after the roll call and preliminary work, the sisters retire to other rooms and the brethren go on with their detail work. Our sisters are all humble and are like our mothers, and we all love them. I am much interested in the mother's work, we cannot take too much care of our sisters " Counselor Alice R, Woolley reported Tooele Stake as in a very encouraging condition, mother's work had been started in almost every branch gave some figures of membership etc , said it was the first time she had attended a Relief Society Conference in seven years, as her lot had been cast in the Hawaiian Mission. The Relief Society on those islands is very flourishing the sisters take great interest in their meetings and their work. We have sisters there who spend almost their entire time visiting in different districts, and many have been brought out to the meetings, who had not attended for years; and many had been converted to the faith through these missionary sisters. Our white sisters visit all the Islands at least once a year, she was happy and contented to labor on the Islands the seven years she was away, and would have gladly stayed longer had her health permitted. President Lydia Rich, Morgan Stake gave some facts and figures of the work in that stake, said they held conferences twice a year besides each branch was represented once a year in Ward Conference; they had held one meeting with the priesthood, and realized it did them good. The Bishops after look the them wheat, helped thought what they had was in good condition; they had started the lectures in Mothers' work and felt they would be a blessing; the Society was onwaid and upward in caring for the sick and needy; she hoped wa would be mothers to those around us as well as to our own. General Treasurer Clarissa S. Williams read the financial report for the year from Oct. 1902 to Oct. 1903; Sister E. B. Wells moved the report be accepted, seconded by Sister Emma S. Woodruff put before the meeting by the President and carried unanimously. Counselor Annie S. Hyde addressed the conference, she had felt quite encouraged by the reports that had been given and especially the reports about the Mothers' work; she hoped the young mothers would come out and appreciate the effort that was being made for them; she loved to hear the reports from the far away stakes, those that were young and struggling like the Big Horn. She felt the sisters were getting their reward as they goalongby doing good. Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry, felt glad the brethren were taking an interest in our work; related an incident of her experience in meeting with strangers on the train, who had questioned her concerning Salt Lake, the Temple and our organizations, and were perfectly surprised to hear about the great number of women engaged in our organizations. Sister Dusenberry spoke particularly of the duties of the teachers, and thought there was no more important position in the society than that of teacher; she had been much grieved to hear from one stake ot a sister, who had suffered want un. home-missionar- y known to her society, and she wondered where the teacher was who could have given the needed comfort. "If the teacher does her duty she will keep in touch with the sisters around her and will enter into a knowledge of their conditions, through her sympathetic nature, and be the means of doing good in her calling. President B W. Smith felt we had enjoyed a splendid conference; she had felt diffident about her position when she was called to preside, because she felt her work was in the Temple, but she sent her missionaries out to represent her in the different stakes, she rejoiced in the work and felt we had listened to many good reports in this conference, her blessing was with the sifters who were laboring zealously in this great work. The Secretary Sister E, B. Wells made some annoucements of meetings, etc. President Emma S. Woodruff of Granite Stake, gave a concise statistical and financial report of the stake and among other items stated that the society had paid over four hundred dollars to the stake house. Meetings are held regularly every two weeks and once a month with the presidency of the stake. Two sisters from each ward are called to work in the Temple every week, they also send sister missionaries from one ward to another; and to visit those residing in the vicinity 'vho are not of our faith. Lovely singing "The End of the Way" by Sister Maggie C. Hull, Professor Thomas and other singers joining in the chorus. Meeting adjourned until 7.30 in the evening. Benediction by President Andrew Kimball. At the close of the afternoon conference an informal meeting was held by the general superintendent of nurses Emma A Empey and the instructor, Dr. Margaret C. Roberts. An excellent talk by superintendent Ewpey, and definite instruction given by Dr. Rob erts, also remarks by the secretary and treasurer, Phebe Young Beatie, in which she spoke particularly of the origin of the nurses class etc., and what she realized it had meant to the students and the communities who had the benefit of this practical training for the sick room. Evening session of the conference commenced at 7.30, President B. W. Smith presiding. "Guide us O, thou great Jehovah," Prayer by President Ann C. Woodbury of St. George Stake, singing, Giver." "0, Jesus the Counselor Rebecca Eames, Cache stake, made a favorable report of conditions and of active work; the Mother's work had been started and they felt it was bringing out some of the young mothers. President A. C. Steele, Bingham Stake, Idaho This is a very large stake, seven hundred miles to travel, mostly by team, in s visiting the society branches; about of the branches have good substantial granaries; mother's work has been introduced, and when Dr. Ellis R Shipp and Sister Lydia D, Alder came to our conference, they gave us good instructions on this and other subjects. President xMaria B. Hyde, Pocatello Stake, Idaho, had been very recently appointed to the position, and this was her first experience in reporting the stake, felt the work was very new to her, knew they had some good workers, thought if the teachers would do their duty that great benefits would, ensue; they had taken up two-third- 