WOMAN'S EXPONENT 34 representative from every one of the affiliated Councils. The Baroness has, however, worked with a? much tact as diligence, and the experience which she has had in organizing her committee will enable her to do most effective work as the leader of this section of the International Congress. The present intention is that these s ions shall meet for six days from 6 a. m. to An effort will be made to 2 o'clock p. tn. have the present position and work of the women of every country within the Council proparly presented. The discussions will be limited strictly to the rights and duties of women in connection with the various subjects indicated. The afternoons of Con- gress week as well as the evenings will be occupied by large public meetings and social The subjects for the public gatherings. as follows: are meetings (1) Education (2) Suffrage for Women (3) Equal Pay for Equal Work (f) Women in Science and Art. The phrasing of these titles will doubtless be altered as preparations go forward before any formal program is printed, but the general themes are plainly indicated in the foregoing statements. The Committee of Arrangements includes a large number of Germany's most able women. These women are fired by a legitimate ambition to demonstrate to the world how German women can convene and prepare for an International Congress on a scale large and generous enough to justify its title. Many questions have been asked as to the possibility of enjoying such freedom of speech as a program including the subjects named would imply. I am constantly in receipt of letters questioning the possibility of this. I am assured, however, on the very best authority that there will be no limitation whatever on freedom of speech, excepting such limitation as good sense and good breeding would indicate. According to German law the meetings must be convened by the Germans themselves. Once convened all legitimate liberty will be enjoyed. The German women are illustrating the energy, patience, and capacity for work characteristic of their countrymen. They began their work long enough in advance to justify the conviction that strangers will find the arrangements perfect in every detail. There is no doubt that the members of the Committee of Arrangements are united in their intention to be just and impartial in the apportionment of time and opportunity to the representatives of different countries to set forth their views on every subject. The President of every National Council has been invited to send a list of the names of persons whom it would seem most suitable to invite to speak in meetings of such International importance; and in every country so far as heard from, the President of every Council in preparing such a list has followed a method similar to that adopted by M. Mary Wood Swift, the President of the National Council of Women of the United States. Some time ago Mrs. Swift issued a letter to the President of every National organization and every Local Council belonging to the National Council asking her to nominate women to present papers, and to participate in the discussion of the International Congress of 1904. Each such President was invited to nominate (first) such members ot her own organization as seemed desirable; (second) women outside -- of her organization and in any part of the country, whose culture, and acbievments would indicate the propriety of their being invited to take part in such a meeting. Mrs. Swift invited her correspondents to send their answers to her communication before October 15th, so that she might find them awaiting her arrival. Mrs. Swift arrived in New York on October 20th. She will come directly to Indianapolis where her correspondents were invited to address their replies to her official communication, and where she will make up the lists of speakers and writers to be sent to the German Committee of Arrangements. Mrs. Swift has invited me to assist her in this work. It is the desiie of both of us that a largamumber of American women shall be present in Berlin during the Third Quinquennial of the International Council, and the International Congress which will follow it. It is, moreover, our desire that the American point of view on every question discussed at both the Council Quinquennial and the Congress shall be ably presented. We unite in soliciting suggestions concerning the best possible speakers, writers, and participants in discussions etc. from all sources. Any one who reads this article, and is interested in its contents is invited to send her suggestions concerning American representatives on the program of the Congress, either to the President of the National organization to which she belongs, which in turn is affiliated with the National Council of Women of the United States, to the President of the Local Council to which she belongs, or directly to the President of the National Council of Women of the United States who during October may be addressed at 633 N. Pennsylvania St , Indianapolis, Indiana. One very important decision was reached at the Dresden Executive which should be mentioned here. The German Committee of Arrangements gave notice that it was their purpose that no one should speak in the public meetings whose voice can not easily be heard in the largest auditorium, and that no one should be either invited or permitted to read papers or take part in discussions in the sectional meetings, who can not speak in a voice to be heard easily in a hall of ordinary size adapted to a sectional Congress meeting. People who have suffered (and who has not?) the agony of straining to hear weak, wavering, unpenetrating voices, will rejoice at this decision, and I make no doubt that women of such firmness of character as constitute the German Committee of Arrangements will carry out their purpose. I am often asked what language will be used at the Congress. According to a decision made in 1900 in Paris, any speaker or writer may present her views in English, German, or French. So far as papers are concerned, in as much as the audiences will necessarily be largely composed of Germans, if papers are to be given in French or English, it seems proper that German translations should be made, and distributed to the audience. Long ago when the National Council of Women of the United States was organized, the question arose as to whether an organization which was committed to the policy of making no propaganda for any cause that did not command the unanimous vote of its Executive, could ever do anything of any consequence. The founders of the Council then said: "Let all organizations that are committed to a definite propaganda enter the Council, let the Council itself remain a meeting ground and the result it be will that will become a more efficient agent in the promotion of Woman Suffrage than a Suffrage organization itself ever can be." It would seem as if this declaration was justified by what has happened in the short space of fifteen years even in the short space of four years. In 1899 a difficulty arose as to hiving a public meeting on Suffrage held under the auspices of the International Council. Now, the Committee of Arrangements for an International Congress in the country that has always been regarded as the peculiar realm of the house-fraprovides for the same recognition of Woman's Suffrage as of the Higher Education of Women. This simple fact is significant of much. The chairman of the Committee of local arrangements for both the Quinquennial of the Council, and the International Congress is Frau Hedwig Heyl. Frau Heyl who is, I understand, aided by a most admirably selected committee, announced at Dresden that the Philharmonic Hall in Berlin would be available for the meetings of both International Council, and International Congress. Frau Heyl was herself in attendance upon the Executive at Dresden, and particularly asked that each National Council should make a collection of the photographs of their leading pioneer women, and ol its members who'would necessarily be absent, lor the decoration of the rooms in which the meetings will be held. At Dresden just as much social pleasure as was compatible with the heavy work on hand, was provided for the entertainment of the delegates" On the evening 01 the 16th, the officers of the German Council entertained the officers of the International Council, and the members of the Executive with a company of selected guests from their own National Council at a beautiful banquet. Monday, Tuesday, and Wednes-day- , the members of the Executive were entertained together at luncheon; a function which in the length of time it occupied, might well have been called a banquet. On all of these occasions, conversation was enlivened by toasts, clever speeches and music. On Thursday, after the late adjournment of the Executive, its members were entertained by the officers of the German Council by a trip to Meissen, and given a beautiful luncheon in the garden overlooking this picturesque old suburb. Arriving at Meissen, before repairing to the garden for luncheon, the guests were conducted by their hostesses through devious ways up and down streets that are rugged to the point of being precipitous, to pay their reverent respects to the memory of Louise Otto, by looking at the house where she lived for many years, and where her death took place in . As a tablet placed by the German Council shows Louise Otto was the founder of the woman's movement in Germany, and if one may credit the statements of her admirers, she must have been a woman most richly endowed; erudite and eloquent, a reformer and a poet, she united the culture which can only be gathered in retirement, with the passion for humanity which often summoned her from her retirement to the forefront of publicity. Louise Otto is regarded by German women as Lucretia Mott, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Susan B. Anthony and Lucy Stone are regarded by Americans, and as they will increasingly be regarded as American women come more and more non-partisa- n, u 