WOMAN'S EXPONENT 12 Woman's Exponent. EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, 1.00; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year. 215 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel space one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday, Address all business communications tc Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at the Post matter. Office in Salt Lake City, I tah, as Sscond-clas- s Salt Lake City. Utah, July, 1903 PIONEER PARK. It is gratifying to the old settlers in this to had the historic Pioneer Square have city thrown open to the public, on Pioneer day of this year, as a place for recreation and restfulness, to those who choose to take advantage of it, but it will at present be most beneficial to the people in that vicinity. The park was really dedicated July 24, 1898, but there have been so many opposing schemes, and attempts to use it for financial benefit that it seemed almost as if the dedication had been set aside, or lost sight of, in the pressure brought about to make it a depot or thoroughfare of some sort. It is ardently hoped and desired by those who value the historic points of interest that this pioneer park may be made beautiful, and that something may be erected there to tell the story of this famous spot of earth, to the children of the future, a story of the struggles of the pioneers who founded Utah. Many of the descendants of the men and women who came to the Great Salt Lake in those early days do not in the least realize what their parents endured in settling this desert land. If there is one spot that will mark the heroism and strength of character of that valiant band of men and women who spent the first winter in the Forf, it ought to be made beautiful and attractive, a place of interest. There are but few people today who lived in the Fort during that eventful period and in a few years more there will net be any, and it would be lamentaMe not to leave that one square as a memento of the time and the events that transpired then that were of such a marvelous nature. The story of the thrilling account of the gulls is one that can never fail to show the miraculous intervention of Providence and the mighty faith of the heroic band. The Harvest Home on August 10, 1848, as described in story by our sisters who participated therein, is worthy of being commemorated in song, to be set to music and handed down to be sung by their posterity to the latest generation of time. The Daughters of the Pioneers, who are collecting and preserving everything possible of that period, will, we trust, some of them, see that these things are made object lessons for the benefit of the people of the Tr--y State. have already planned much work creditable to the cause, but if something really tangible could be erected on the memorable square, if it was only a fountain or a monument to these pioneer women whose names, we. venerate, or to jje. women who lived within the Fort before the city was laid out and the homes built, it would be an achievement worthy the daughters of that noble sisterhood. Some permanent structure that would be useful as well as ornamental and historical, that could be accomplished by the contributions of a large number of the real descendants of the pioneers, not alone of '47, but to the limit stated in their Constitution. This is merely a thought, but could it be made a practical matter of fact it would give the Daughters of the Pioneers a greater prestige than anything the writer can think of, because it would stand as a monu ment to perpetuate the fortitude and endurance of these wise and sagacious women who were willing to make the sacrifice of leaving their homes, their worldly surroundings, everything near and dear, for the sake o'f their religion, which was more to them than life itself. How the Lord has blessed and prospered them, and the land for their sake, and how wonderful in the eyes of all nations has been the transformation from the desert to the beautiful cities, towns and villages, farms, orchards and gardens, none know so well as those who came in that early time and lived among the sage brush in the alkali desert. POPE LEO XIII. The last few days previous to the death of the Pope newspapers were full of ac counts concerning the Pope's condition, but now he has gone, and the great struggle for life which he fought so courageously is over, and we hear on all sides encomiums of praise and commendation of his long and eventful career of usefulness and per severing habits, of industry and labor for the good of the church in which he devoutly believed, and foi which he would make any f&crifice possible, that it might obtain strength and influence in and for the world of mankind. There can be no doubt of his superiority of ability and intellect and he had the grandest opportunities possible to any man let him be king or potentate. What he has written would fill volumes, would be a library in itself. It is doubtful if there will ever be another pontiff so celebrated and so greatly beloved and honored. He was certainly one of the greatest and grandest men of the nineteenth century History must record with gratitude and pride the splendid character and attain ments of this hero of the Catholic Church, who has labored to elevate mankind, to bless humanity, to bring peace to the world How strong he was in the right as he viewed it, how valiant for righteousness How beautifully and unostentatiously he modified the wrongs he grieved to see per petrated ! Surely the world is better for such a man. Lowell says: ! "Great truths are portions of the soul of man; Great souls are portions of eternity." He will be sincerely mourned although he had far outlived his contemporaries. Great men like him are indeed models for nations. His vast storehouse of learning was used for the benefit of the people in whose interest and for whose advancement he sought diligently. Pope Leo made friends by his kindly manner, his courteous bearing; he impressed all whom he met with his strong personality, though he lived the simple life of an ascetic. His power for actual work was most extraordinary and aston ished all who were aware of what he really accomplished. He had wonderful diplo ma tic and administrative ability, and was therefore admirably fitted far the high position he occupied so many years. Pope Leo was born March 2, 1810, at Carpineto. His name was Joachim Vincent Raphael Lodovico Pecci, he was the son of Count Domenico Lodovico Pecci and of Anna Prosperco Boazi, she was the daughter oi a noble Valscian family living in the ancient city of Cora, a woman of ex traordinary ability and strength of char acter. She belonged to the Third Order of St. Francis, an association founded to bring men and women closer to the Church. He was fairly nurtured in the heart of the Catholic faith and accustomed to listen to the story of the life of St. Francis Assissias related by his mother. After receiving many honors, in his thirty-thir- d year Gregory XVI appointed him apostolic nuncio or papal ambassador He soon to the kingdom of Belgium. found favor with King Leopold and it was at this time that he showed such wonderful shrewdness and tact, particularly in dealing with secret societies that were undermining the faith of the people. In this he had the assistance of Queen Louise Maria, who was a devout Catholic. His later life is better known, he was a marvel in many respects, even to his closest associates. Such men leave the impress of their Now thousands greatness upon the age. crowd to do him honor, to gaze upon his features, but life is transitory and the great and noble must perish as well as the poor and humble. Pope Leo's spirit took its flight at 4:04 p. m., July 20, in the Vatican at the renowned city of Rome, Italy. The news soon spread to all parts of the world. Great ceremony followed and prayers and masses and chants and requiems will be kept up until all the rights pertaining to the death of the head of the Roman Catholic Church have been observed. It is very splendid and imposing, and will make a deep impression upon the minds of the populace who are more or less influenced by symbols and colors and parade, but when one contrasts it with the death and lack of ceremony of the blessed Savior of the world one cannot help but think, "All is vanity." The dear old Pope is at rest, it will not and cannot concern him, it is the new order of things since the days of Christ and his Apostles Pope Leo's rest is sweet after the battle he so valiantly fought. The music of the churches is sweet to the people who mourn for him, but the celestial music that floats through the realms of paradise far surpasses human voices, and the prayers and benediction he hears not, though they may comfort those who still toil on the earth searching for wisdom and for truth. "Strong to the end. a man of nerve, from out the strife he passed; The grandest hour of all his life, was that of earth the last." So true are these grand words of our own poet, Whittier. And so are these: "Beyond the poet's sweet dream lives. The eternal epic of the man '' 