WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 83 TEMPLE BLOCK MISSIONARIES. RAYMOND, ALTA, CANADA. labor, at Zion's open gate Where errand the Temple rises, in solemn, silent state; Ye that art called and chosen, His messengers to Our society, though but a little more than one year old, now has eighty-si- x members enrolled, with Sister Rodeback president, and Sisters Bevans and Anderson counselors. Besides building a capacious granary, buying window shades for meeting house, etc. , we now have some cash in the treasury and many bushels of real live wheat, generously given from last years' bountiful harvest. A large per cent of this wheat will be sown on the 160 acres of rich prairie land which the society holds. The ploughing and planting will be done by donation, the crop raised will go towards paying for the land until paid for. Among the many enjoyable parties given since our society was organized, was the character ball on February 28, where $104 was taken at the door, giving us financial aid; and the social dance for married people only, on the anniversary, March 17, where four hundred danced, feasted and listened to a fine program by talented Saints who have gathered here from every country and clime from Iceland's chilly shore to Florida's flowered hills, from almost every town of Utah and Idaho we have representatives of one faith, striving to dwell in harmony, to become acquainted and to live their religion. But few require substantial aid, yet many young married women who have left mother and friends, to assist in "planting the wilderness," when approaching maternity appreciate kind, hopeful words and encouragement from the experienced sisters of the Relief Society. Ye called of God to be. And kindly greet the stranger, who ccme's to Zion see. O, tell ye of Moroni, on pedestal so high, Who scans the Eastern mountains, with steady, watchful eye, His golden trumpet blazing as 'twould the Gospel tell, And shout the glorious tidings, say to the world "'tis well." He lived of old, Moroni, of white men was the last, He saw his people slaughtered, destruction unsurpassed; Their blood flowed e'en as rivers, upon the dark'n-in- g plain, The red man was the victor, the disobedient slain. thou wast called Moroni, thou prophet last and great. To hide away the records, that should God's time await; To come to all the nations, lo from Cumorah's hill. Where on the plain died myriads, to prophecies fulO, ! fill. And he restored the record, to Joseph Smith the boy, He showed where it was hidden, the means he should employ, To bring it forth in fulness, when God's own time should' be, To bind the past and present, unveil futurity. stranger, welcome, the Gospel here is free, Here, too, are Zion's wonders, that prove to you and me That God speaks now as ever, and prophets as of yore Aie sent with heaven's message, to be withdrawn no more. O, welcome, Right welcome are you.stranger, all kindness you'll be shown, And those within our portals, of other creeds or nonfl, treated, for love alone is ours, The love by Jesus given, e"en in His bitt'rest hours. Right royally be let the Gospel, Thou hast restored again, Speak thus to all the strangers, that we may entertain. Accept Thy holy servants, who minister for Thee, And grant Thy Holy Spirit, to ever with them be. O. Father, Louisa M. Johnson. April 6, 1903. Recitation by Cora Peterson, "Entertaining the Missionary Agent." Instrumental duet by Zina Home and Amy LeBaron. Recitation, "Don't Fret," by Priscilla Allen. Amy Dana then gave a very interesting sketch of the life and labors of Sister Bathsheba W. Smith. Recitation, "Country Eggs," by Celia Recitation, "The Face at the Window," pre- pared a very interesting program and had decorated the amusement hall for the occasion. by Veda Peterson. Next on the program was a song by Janette Johnson, which was rendered in her usual happy style. The exercises of the day began at ten Lucy Fryer then gave a sketch of Sister o'clock by the choir singing "Oh my Zina D. H. Young, after which came a Father." Prayer was offered by Bishop J. charming duet by Mr. and Mrs. M. C. Home, after which the choir sang "Joseph the Seer." First on the program wrs an address of welcome by Stake President Mabel A. Mayhap the Lord, a stranger, ere long may come Hakes, who gave reminiscences of the early this way. days of the Church and the hardships they No more within the manger, will He an infant Spoke of her recollection of experienced. lay; the Oh! if we only knew Him, we'd open wide the Prophet Joseph Smith and his personal gate, appearance, and of Sister Sarah Phelps, the And though ;he crowds were ttronging, we first Relief Society president of Mesa Ward, ne'er would bid Him "wait." both of whose pictures adorned the walls in of Sister Bathsheba W. Mayhap an angel coming, on Mercy's errand front of us; and noble her bent. life, and the object of Smith and Will find a welcome ent'ring, where others oft are our organization. sent, J. M. Home gave a sketch of the Bishop So, unawares, not knowing, the Lord in gentle Prophet Joseph and his conversion; finding guise, May come within our portals, unseen by great and of the plates; translation of the Book of wise. Mormon and the rise of the Church. Song by Counselor Calvin Phelps, enAnd angels may be treading, our walks 'mid flowtitled "Anchored." ers rare Counselor Warner Allen 'then gave a And from the Temple gazing, declare "the scene is fair." sketch of the organization of the Relief Then e'er be watching, doing, the Lord you may Society by the Prophet Joseph, sixty-on- e discern, Your hearts unfold the secret, by sudden, fiercest years ago. burn. Recitation, "Only a Girl," by Sister Olena Lewis. And then before you glorious, the Lord revealed Sister Sarah M. Pomeroy gave a sketch may stand, The stranger you are clasping so warmly by the of the organization of this branch of the hand, society twenty one years ago, and of the Then other strangers passing are seen in raiment building ot the Relief Society hall during fair, our ?ays of poverty and the line of succesLo angels coming, going, attendant everywhere. sion to office since 1882. LYPJA D. Alper, ! M. Brizzie. Smith" ANNUAL DAY. The Mesa Ward Relief Society had Two hours were then devoted to eating and conversation. Dinner was served in the Relief Society hall next door, where two long tables were set and refilled several times. The hall was beautifully decorated with date palms and evergreens and appropriate motto banners. .The tables were loaded with good things and in a bouquet on one of them was a pretty little scroll motto in pink with gold letters reading "Sixtieth Anniversary of R. S." On the other side wras a pink crescent shaped motto with gold letters "Members of 1882." On one side of this table were seated the old members wearing red ribbon badges on which were the words, "Members of 1882." On the other side of the table were pink badges with the words, "R. S. Teacher, 1903," and officers wearing light blue badges with the words, "R. S. President, 1903," or 1901, etc. , the other officers and dates being designated to suit each individual who was to wear one. The program was resumed at 2 o'clock, the first number being the reading of a sketch of Sister Eliza R. Snow, our poetess, and the author of our beloved hymn, "Oh, my Father," by Leah Peterson. Song, "Star of the East," by Sister H. M. Phelps. The Mesa band boys then favored us with a choice selection and the exercises were closed with benediction by M. C. Phelps. The ten cent annual fund was handed in by nearly all of the members. In the evening the amusement hall was again filled with a happy company and dancing was indulged in until midnight, and a neat little sum was cleared for our treasury. A delightful time was enjoyed by all and our annual day celebration was a complete success. Celia A. Smith, Cor. Sec. In 1902, New South Wales gave full suf frage to women, and full national suffrage with the right to sit in Parliament, was extended to all the 800,000 women of Federated Australia. Miss Elsie Reasoner has been appointed Eastern press representative of the St. Louis Exposition in place of the late Julian Ralph. Originally Miss Reasoner was Mr. Ralph's assistant. She is a native of Leavenworth; Kan. Her father is a retired editor. Under his direction she began newspaper work in this city, and was well known here. 