v OMAN'S KXPONENT. MOTHERS' WORK. Avenue, Salt Lake City, the handsome parlor and library were adorned KANAB STAKE . rwith patriotic pictures and emblems and stars and stripes were hung in the most Lecture The first great commaud: ' conspicuous places; flowers were artistically Woraans first mission to bear chilarranged with cxquL-it-e taste and altogether '.the entire effect was quite up to date dren, be fruitful, multiply and replenish the earth, a helpmate and companaesthetic. The Regent Mrs. Isabel M. W. ion. Sears presided, and alter the opening exer some and miscellaneous and cises business, Lecture II- - Home Rule: meeting, the paper of the day by Mrs. (a) The husband and father honored. Julia Farnsworth Lund on Paul Revere (b) Love and confidence established. was given. It was delightfully written and (c) Parents be what you expect your graphic in style, and so feelingly read that children to be. (d) The rights of all if Paul Revere himself had been present he respected. must have felt honored by the recital of his deeds of valor and heroism. Lecture III The preparation of motherhood: Mrs. Alice Merrill Horne read most pathetically "Paul Revere's Ride," by (a) The thoughts and acts of the see one and could the almost Longfellow, mother, reproduced in the child, (b) vthe picture before them, so realistic was The necessity of home environments the rendering of that magnificent poem. being pleasant and agreeable. The origin of Thanksgiving and description of the New England Thanksgiving Lecture IV. The care and training of the celebrations in early days, and in these child: later times was given by Mrs E B. Wells, "who knows what Thanksgiving means to (a) Physical a healthy body, (b) -- Puritanical New Moral, (c) Temporal, (d) vSpiritua). Englanders ILittle Miss Roniola King gave some very selections on the piano. After the Lectute V. Home Culture: close of the exercises a delightful hour (a) Home best place on earth, (b) passed in enlivening conversation and the Politea for love Cultivate home, (c) daintiest refreshments were served in the ness and proper respect, (d) The remost artistic style, which of course added sult of over indulgence and dhe result to the genuine enjoyment of the occasion. of self sacrifice "The ice cream iu an original design the liead of GeorgeWashington, and his iiatchet, "Make home beautiful, Make home pleasant, the hostess was profusely complimented on Emblem of that home above." Besides the members her originality. present then were several distinguished Lecture VI. Home Culture, continved: guests. Mesdames F. M. Lyman, B. W. Smith, Reed Smoot. A. H. Talbot and (a) Industry and economy, (b) ParJiiece, David Evans, Hanson and others. ents know where your children are. (c) The company they keep; the books they read, (d) Parents to accompany IN MEMORIAM children to places of amusement. not keep late hours. (b) Marry those of your own faith. (c: Be guided by the Spirit of the Lord, JVIilitary Artemisia Seegmjxijjr, I Spencer, Lecture I. Lt RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Where as our Heavenly Father in his wisdom "has seen fit to remove our Sister Ida ' Margarett Jensen from our imVst, be it Resolved, That while we grieve to lose her and we mourn with the bereaved husband and relatives, we feel to bow in humble submission to the will of our Father in Heaven and say thy will be done. Resolved, That we realize in her death, the loss in the Weston Ward of a true friend and Relief Society. Resolved, That these resolutions be entered in the Relief Society records a copy be presented to "the bereaved husband and one printed in the ; VWOMAN'S EtrONENT. Elizabeth H. Clark, Pres., Amelia Hoopes, Asst. Sec. Committee, Home Culture: (a) Have confidence in the child; love and trust .them, (b) Get their confidence and love, and keep it. (c) Respect for old age. Lecture VIII The effect of early training in as well as precept: tlie Gospel, by example (a) Respect for the Priesthood and reverence for sacred things, (b) Observance of the Sabbath day. (c) Paying of tithes, and offerings. Lecture IX Transition ftom childhood to maidenhood and boyhood: (a) Care of health, (b) Clothing, (c) Suitable books and companions. Lecture X. Hygiene in the home: (a) Diet; food, and preparation, (b) Ventilation, (c) Cleanliness, (d) Exercise. Lecture XL Word of Wisdom: (a) The result of obeying the word of wisdom in the home, (b) The result of Necessity of Marriage. 4- - (a) Choice of suitable companions, (b) Make it a matter of prayer. Ref. Jos. E. Taylor Improvement Era April 1903. (Love and betrothals) also courtship and marriage by Jos. E. Taylor. Era. May 1903 -- Lecture VII. Secretary. Ref. Genesis 2: 18 and 24th verses. Doc. and Cov. Sec. 13,1 verses 1, 2, 3 -- "Blessed, are the dead who die in the Lord,' It becomes our sad duty to record the death of a beloved sister who departed this life Sept. 30th 1003, in Weston, Idaho. Sister Ida Margarett Jensen; the beloved wife of Elder Hyrum Jensen, she was born at Weston. February 25th, 1874, and ..has always been a faithful Latter-da- y Saint; when taken ill with typhoid fever two weeks previous to 'ier death, her husband was filling a mission in the iNorth Western States, he was summond home, and was at her bedside when she passed, to the great beyond. All that loving hands could do was done, but it has pleased our Heavenly Father to remove our dear Sister to a higher sphere. She leaves a devoted husband and six children to mourn her loss, the loss of a faithful mother and a us do all we can to heal the wounds of wife. those who survive her, by deeds of love and kindness, that her children and husband, may they ever have her example before them that tbey may grow in grace and bt worthy to meet her in the life beyond the grave, is the earnest desire of the .members of the Weston Relief Society. is TETON STAKE. . -- Pres-Perr- Lecture II. Eternal Marriage. Fate of those not manied for eternity. Doc. and Cov. Sec. 132. (b) Advantages of children born under the Covenant. Talmage's Articles of faith,, Page 452, 22d verse. (a) Lecture III. Laws of marriage. Ye kindred spirits filled with mutual love, Pure as the dews descending from above. All hail! for you the sacred keys are given. To make you one ou earth and one in heaven. Be fruitful then, and let your race extend Fill earth, the stars, and worlds that never end. Ref Genesis Ch. 1. 28th verse. Tal- mage's Articles of Faith pages 455- - 460. Lecture IV. The Young Wife. Domestic joy thou only bliss of Paradise tha hath survived the fall. i. Let prayer be your watchword. Duties to husband, love, kindness, to husband, consideration. 3. Care of home the first onsideratin. 4. your home duties that they will not conflict. Cleanliness in all respects and ventilation of sleeping appartments indespensable. 2. So-mana- ge Lecture V. The Prospective Mother. Health, the first consideration and how to ob tain it. Dispense with fashionable clothing. Take healthful exercise. Eat in moderation. "The first right of a child is to be well born. The mother in her high office holds the key of the soul; and she it is who stamps the coin of character and makes the being who would be a savage, but for her gentle care a Christian. Lecture VI. The Young Mother. Ah! what would the world be to us If children were no more? We should dread the desert behind us Worse than the dark before. How secure health for baby: Cleanliness, Warm light clothing, Ventilation, Proper nourishment. How secure perfect body: Let the babies creep to strengthen limbs. Prevent them from standing too early, causing bow legs and other deformities. Remember the bones of babies are soft and p'iable. Lecture VII ren. Home Training For Child- e. Lectute XII. Courtship and Martiage: (a) Proper method of courtship; do 1. Make your action, worthy of imitation. 2. Teach them to pray as soon as they can lisp the words. 3. Instil into their minds, truthfulness, honesty, 