WOMAN'S 36 Woman's Exponent EMMELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher. Published monthly, in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, jjSi.oo; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpanel disspace one time $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal count to regular advertisers. Exponent office Room 509 Templeton, South Temple Street: Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. E. B. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Utah Entered at th Post second-clas- s Office in Salt Lake City, btah, as matter. Salt Lake City. Utah, October, 1903 INSTRUCTIONS TO MISSIONARIES. We have but two organizations of our sisters that are recognized in the Church of Saints the ReJesus Christ of Latter-da- y lief Society; and the Young Ladies, (the Primary is composed ofboth girls and boys.) The class of Nurses and the Mothers' Work are under the Relief Society, have no separate organization or separate meetings, and the same President and Counselors. If the Relief Society President and Counselors wish to choose help to assist them, they may select such help as they think best to lecture, etc. The first duty of the President, Counsel ors, and other officers and teachers, is to look after the poor and needy, sick and destitute; and to look after the morals of the young. Teach them to be industrious, truthful, kind and obliging. Mothers should teach their children to pray, to observe the Sabbath day, to pay their tithing and fast-da- y donations; never to smoke, or use stimulants of any kind; never to swear, or use bad words or slang; to attend Sunday School and not congregate on the streets at night; to be neat and tidy in their dress and not follow after the Gentile fashions to excess. Be kind to animals; and let love abound in their hearts. Be united in all good works and the Lord will bless you and your joy will be full. Bathsheba W. Smith, President, Annie Taylor Hyde, Ida Smoot Dusenberry.- - Counselors. Salt Lake City, April 30, 1903. WOMAN'S COUNCIL NATIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL Perhaps only a few women, comparatively speaking, comprehend the objects and aims of the great Councils of women that hold their sessions triennially and quinquennially in the United States and other countries. If, in brief, a correct idea of these two great organizations can be given , it would be an advantage to us all, perhaps, and, at any rate, increase our knowledge of what women are doing, and striving to accomplish for humanity. Most of our sisters know a great deal about suffrage, having heard it so many years, and also having had practical experience, and object lessons ou the subject. Out of the National Woman's Suffrage Association grew the International Council EXPONENT quennial will be held in Berlin, Germany, in 1904. All triennials of the National Council of the United States ha ire been held in Washington, D. C. The next triennial of the National Council will be held in 1905. The Relief Society joined the National example. The formation of the International Coun- Council of Women of the United States at cil originated with a few grand, women its first triennial in 1891. The National and was the result, one might say, ot lorty Council holds annual executive sessions in ' one was held in years experience in 'a demand for equal different states, the last of this year, the March in Orleans and New educational, industrial, professional held in be will one the Indianapolis in for next women," forty years political rights Seneca at held 1904. dating from the convention The International Council also holds anFalls, New York, in 1848. executive sessions in different counnual Internaof the The call for the convening This year the I. C. W. held its antries. tional Council of Women says: of Last year it in nual Dresden, Germany. "To celebrate the fortieth anniversary Denmark. of in was held Copenhagen, the event an international Council A single paragraph from the speech of Women will be convened under the auspices the Countess of Aberdeen, president of the of the National Woman's Suffrage AssociaInternational Council at its opening session tion in Albaugh's Opera House, Washingin London in 1899 will give a gocd idea of 1808." D. on March ton, 25, C, There is not space to give all the call the Council. "It will be asked how in the here, but it was signed by the officers of the world can such a conglomeration of associaN. W. S. A. under whose auspices it was tions existing in so many different countries convened, and an extensive program pre- and formed for so many various objects, pared. The Council lasted eight days and some actually opposed to one another and held fifteen public sessions. comprising hundreds of thousands of in The Constitution of this Council respect women of different religions, different races and upbringings, have an intelligible purto its "General Policy" reads; "This International Council is organized pose and work together for a practical end? "And yet we claim that in the very varin the interest of no one propaganda, and has no power over its auxilaries beyond iety of opinions and ideas and methods of No work, which exist among us, lies our raison that of suggestion and sympathy. National Council voting to become auxid'etre, the centre and kernel of our being. renFor the unity which it is our aim to seek to shall International the thereby liary der itself liable to be interfered with in re- after does not lie in identity of organization spect to its complete organic unity, inde- nor in identity of dogma, but in a common pendence or methods of work, or shall be consecration to the service of humanity in committed to any principle, or method of the spirit of that love which we hail as the any other council, or to any utterance, or greatest thing in the world." act of the International Council beyond The motto of the Council is the golden compliance with the terms of this Constitu- rule, "Do unto others as you would they tion." sholud do unto you." This great International Council has five HONOR TO APOSTLE H. I. GRANT. general officers president, A very pleasant company gathered by incorresponding secretary, recording treasurer. and Rach of secretary vitation Monday evening, Oct. 12, at the president a National Council is Old Cannon Home on Cannon Farm, by inof the Iniernational Council. vitation of General John Q. and Mrs. CanThe first president of the International non in honor of the distinguished guest, Council was Millicent Grant Fawcett, Eng- Apostle Grant, and his wife. The evening Clara Barton, was pleasantly passed in social chat and some land; American; Corresponding Secretary Rachel very interesting reminiscences of Brother G. Foster, America; Recording Secretary Grant's sojourn in Japan, his experiences in Kristine Frederickson, Denmark; Treasurer various ways, his descriptions of the habits, Isabelle Bogelot, France. and customs of the people, their manners, The first officers of the National Council their language and economy, his ideas conwere: cerning the future of the mission there, all President Frances E. Willard, entertainingly given, was very new and ediSusan B. Anthony, Corresfying to those who had so little knowledge of ponding Secretary, May Wright Sewall, this great people about whom we hear so Recording Secretary Mary F. Eastman, much and know so little. Treasurer M. Louise Thomas. Some choice songs by Mrs. Carol Y. CanThe National Council of Women has non, accompanied by Miss Grace Cannon, the same Constitution as the Interhational and negro melodies and whistling by Bishop except such differences as must naturally re- Whitney; and by urgent request he sang the sult from what would be natural in one old song "No Irish Need Apply." country, and what all countries combined Refreshments were served by the hostess would make. The National Council of the assisted by Miss Grace Cannon and the United States holds triennial sessions and daughters Louise, Margaret and Emme-linis composed of national organizations, while The guests were Heber J. the International holds quinquennial ses- Grant and wife, GovernorApostle Heber M. Wells sions and is composed of National Councils and wife, Mrs. Sarah Jenne Cannon, Bishop of different countries. O. F. Whitney and wife, Mrs Lydia Ann The preamble to the constitution of the Wells, Elder Rulon S. Wells and wife, Mrs. National Council reads, "We women of Eliza T. Cannon, Mrs. Susan H. Wells, Mr. the United States," the International preH. L. A. Culmer and wife, Mrs. Isabel M. amble reads, "We women of all nations." W. Sears, Elder Q. Cannon, and The first quinquennial of the Interna- Mrs. E. B. Wells, Sylvester with the numer tional was held at Chicago in 1893, and the ous houseful of littletogether Cannons, including the pext in London in 1899. The next quin wonderful twins, If one were to follow out the of Women. idea of our dear departed Sister Eliza R. Snow, one would say it was organized, a head without a body, but as the child's head is always presented first in nature, one need not be blamed for following nature's . ex-offic- io vice-preside- nt e. 