WOMAN'S EXPONENT obedience, illustrating same with Bible and moral stories. .4. Early teaching in the principles of the Gospel and the early history of the Church. Lecture VIII. and girls Home training of our boys How win tlaeir love. (a) By being kind, yet firm, (b) By requiring tbem to assist in all our labor, (c) By bestowing deserved praise. How make good Latter Day Saints. (a) Teach the necessity of prayer, (b) Encourage tbem to attend Sunday School and Primary, (c) Teach obedience as the first law of heaven, (d) Respect for proper authoity. (e) Honor the aged, (f) Choose good books and good companions. Lecture IX people. Moral training for young Spiritual needs: Reverence for God and his servants. Encouragement to attend Mutual Improvement associations. Moral needs: (a) Make perfect confidents of your children, (b) Personal purity, plain talks to boys, (c) Pure thoughts and actions, (d) Avoid profanity and vulgarity, (e) Avoid too much familiarity with the opposite sex. "Familiarity breeds contempt." Physical needs: (a) Cleanliness and proper exercise, (b) Preparation for puberty. Lecture X Home Amusements. fa) Pleasant surroundings. (b)Flow-ers- . (c) Good pictures, (d) Sunshine warmth, brightness. Entertainments. (a) Good literature, (b) Music, (c) Instructive games, (d) Home socials A. T. Hyde, Mrs. Jos. F. Smith, and Mrs. L. L. Greene Richards, all of Salt Lake Ciiy., spoke, referring to the buildings and granaries belonging to the society, and also of the Mothers' Work and Nursing Class about to be introduced in the Relief Society. Nine of the wards were represented, each reported in good condition Sister M. T. Smith stated that the Relief Society stands as the mother of all other Church associations, being the oldest organization, and caring for those in distress, whether they are members or not. President R. G Miller thought the members were setting their brethien a good example. He informed the society upon what was being done at Wellington in the way of building granaries. Sister Annie T. Hyde, first counselor to President Bathsheba W. Smith, spoke upon punctuality, prayer, directing aright the energies of the children, stO'ing grain and caring for the same.' Afternoon meeting the general board and stake officers were presented and sustained. Patriarch F. W. Young spoke upon the great work done by the Relief Society, the influence of mothers and kindness. Stake Counselor Mary J. King reported her visit through the south end of the stake and finding all in good working order. Sister L. L. G. Richards, of Salt Lake City, congratulated Presidert Miller upon the organization here, and felt pleased to see such general unity. Counselor Matbis and Aunt Jane Woodward also spoke, the latter of knowing the Prophet Joseph Smith and living to see many of his prophecies fulfilled. Sister Annie T. Hyde read instructions from President Bathsheba W. Smith, urging the keeping of children off the streets at night, and being carelul of each other's reputations. President Sorensen reported the work done since last conference, urged the young ladies to join the society and thanked all those who had contributed to the success of the present conference. After the adjournment an officers' meeting was held. have our beloved Sister Bathsheba with us who was intimately acquainted with the : Prophet Joseph. I want you to know are true and may we profit by them. T. am full of the spirit to bless every body and to bless my sisters who are laboring in the Relief Society and we appreciate your labors . and may the Lord bless us all Amen." Counselor Jane Holt in behalf, of of the society, of Davis Stake presented President Grant with, a handsomefur;: Counselor Mary S. Clarke placing it on her shoulderc, it was given in honor of heir seventy-firs- t The. birthday anniversary. sisters of Farmington had prepared a sumptuous dinner for all in the vestry, 174 sat down to partake of the bounteous repast.. The banquet was in honer of Sister Susan Grant and also Sister Helen Miller, as it was. her birthday. Afternoon session, after the usual exercises was addressed by Counselor Annie T. Hyde who rejoiced in the celebi action of Sister Grant's birthday and was alsov glad to hear Sister Bathsheba give instances-o- f the Prophet's life; there are few remaining now that can testify to these things, felt, we should teach our children these truths;-w-e should take special care in training our; children and give liberally to the poor. President Bathsheba Smith read somen notes from Sister Eliza R. Snow's minutes-o- f the Relief Society in Nauvoo, and told of; many instances in the Prophet's life and' said, "Let us be sure and have the principle of eternal life dwelling in our bosoms. Mayr the Lord bless us all." President Susaa-Granexpressed in endearing terms her appreciation of the sisters love and gifts; she had visited every society in the stake and found union in their midst. Counselor the honor shown Grant Hyrum appreciated his muther and was glad to hear Smith say she was satisfied witba her labors. Conference adjourned for three: months. Phebe C Sessions, Secretary. . her-wor- ds : the.-officer- . t Sister-Bathsheb- a BEAR LAKE STAKE Minutes of annual conference held in the Bear Lake Stake Tabernacle, July 12, 1903. Officers meeting, 10 a. m. , where all the DAVIS STAKE. Lecture 11 Roman's work wards were represented, twentj three in The Relief Society Conference of Davis number, it being the first time that we had How made easy Stake was held in Farmington in the meet- a full report since the Relief Society was and Order (a) system by planning ing house July 30, 1903, President Susan organized in a Stake capacity. in the kitch- Grant presiding. On the stand were GenConveniences At 2 p. m., President J. P. Lindsay prework, (b) en: flour, sugar, salt, etc., all handy. eral President Bathsheba W. Smith and her siding. Conference began with singing and (d) Save first counselor, Annie T. Hyde, also Presi- prayer. Minutes of last conference read (c) Proper height of tables unnecessary standing by sitting down dent John W. Hess and counselors. After and approved. to iron, clean vegetables, wipe dishes, the opening exercises President Grant stated Sister J. P. Lindsay said if we only put etc. (e) Provide soft rug to stand up- that she felt honored by the presence of ourselves in a position we can enjoy every on, (f) Save strength for other im- Sister Bathsheba and Sister Hyde, aslo by blessing that is possible to be obtained, we? should each one of us know for ourselves-- ; the stake presidency attending the conferportant duties. Vas that this is the true work of God. esfor and love the she felt thankful ence, Lecture XII Womanhood and Motherhood. teem 0 the brethren and sisters. Repoits pleased to meet the sisters from Salt Lake of good work were given from all the branch City and to have their valuable instructions. Sophia Rig by Pres. "We have a great mission before us. I. er in the stake except two. this to be the true church and. know B. W. Smith spoke briefly upPresident in on the reports, expressed her pleasure kingdom of God." Prayed the Lord to being present and referred to the mother's bless and inspire the speakers with His R. S. REPORTS. work, that it should be under the Relief So- Holy Spirit God bless us. Amen. Sister Stevenson explained the work of ciety and belong to it, stated, "I waspresent EMERY STAKE. the Relief Society. Spoke of peace, and when the Relief Society was first organized The Stake Relief Society conference was and think I am the only one living that was how it should commence in our homes, also held in Castle Dale on Saturday, May 13, there. I know Joseph Smith was a true in all our associations. Wished to deliver prophet of God and that he taught the prin- Sister B. W. Smith's message of love to all 1903, President Mary A. Sorensen presidSaid we should ciple of plural marriage." Sister Smith bore the sisters of this Stake. ing. exercise faith and not forget the Lord. The President Sorensen congratulated the a strong testimony of this. deare "angels of mercy." Teach our sisters am said President attendance. W. President "I Hess, J. society on the good R. G. Miller, Counselor Mathis and Mrs. lighted with this conference and that we children faith and instil in their hearts loe; -- -- 