WOMAN'S EXPONENT. MEETING OF THE D. R. The Daughters of the Revolution State Society met on Friday, October 16, 1903, at the residence of Dr. and Mrs. E. S. Wright. The handsome parlors and hall were beautifully decorated for the occasion with bright autumn flowers and leaves in abundance, asters, dahlias and chrysanthemums, etc. The stars and stripes were displayed, also the new State flag made by the Daughters at the request of the Governor, and used for the first time at the Fair grounds in St. Louis when the site for the Utah building was dedicated. The Regent, Mrs. I. M. W. Sears, presided and there was a goodly attendance of g Business was transacted the members. to the fac similes of the Declaration of Independence, also in regard to collection of books and press notices to be forwarded to the Librarv of the General Society in New by request gave the origin and objects of the Press Club. President Lund made a brief address, dwelling upon education, gaining inBrother telligence and similar themes. Andrew Jenson gave a fifteen minutes talk on his trip around the world in which he touched many countries, encountered many people, heard many languages, saw many curious things, and told it in such a graphic manner that the audience were almost The meeting closed with prayer, and then we were nearly deluged with good things to eat; altogether the evening was delightfully pleasant, thanks to Sister Emma Jenson, who is a very hospitable hostess. spell-boun- d. relat-latin- York City One new member was voted in and heartily welcomed in with a rising vote, Mrs. Ann Louise Lyman King, wife of Judge Wm. H. King, member of the U. S. Congress from Utah for some years. The topic of the day was Benjamin Franklin, and was given by Mrs. Julia ?. M. Farnsworth and was delightfully rendered The song and entertainingly prepared. new the to "America," set prize music, was Carol Young Cannon in fine sung by Mrs. Mrs. Cannon has a remarkably rich, style. musical voice, Miss Grace Cannon accompanied her on the piano. Meeting closed with benediction by Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith, and afterwards dainty refreshments were served and social conversation indulged in. Dr. Wright favored the ladies with some selections on the piano. The next meeting, Nov. 16, will be at the residence of Judge and Mrs. King. A PLEASANT AFTERNOON. Mrs. Walter Pper gave an afternoon luncheon, Tuesday, Oct. 15, to a few ladies at her pretty new home in this city, in honor of her mother, Mrs- - Gurene Torgenson, who is here from Logan on a visit to her daughter. The rooms were prettily decorated with late flowers and autumn leaves which were charmingly bright and cheery. The luncheon was artistically served, and consisted of a very appetizing and dainty variety and the conver. sation was mostly reminiscences of early days when Mrs. Torgenson lived in Salt Lake City before her marriage, and was naturally of very agreeable to the friends of the guest the to honor, as well as herself, and amusing younger generation, Mrs. Pyper and Mrs. Whitney. The ladies present were Mrs. Torgenson, guest of honor, Mrs. Orson F. Whitney, Mrs. Alexander Pyper, Mesdames Martha G., B. Lydia Ann, Susan H., Hannah C. and E. Wells; Mrs. Walter Pyper hostess. The day will be a happy remembrance in the minds of all present, thanks to the amiable and kindly hostess. U. W. P. C. MEETING. The Utah Woman's Press Club held its first meeting after the summer vacation, Saturday evening, September 26, 1903 at the residence of Hon. Andrew Jenson and wife, Mrs. E. S. Wilcox, the president, presiding. The attendance of members was not very large, but there were a number of invited guests, among them President Anthon H. Lund and wife. Current events were given by Mrs, C, C. R. Wells, and Mrs. E, B- - Weils GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. The general conference of the Relief Society was held Saturday, October 3, 1903, in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this city. There was an excellent representation from the several stakes of Zion. President Bathsheba W. Smith and all the general officers and a majority of the board were present. Congregation sang, "Our God, we raise to Thee;" prayer was offered by President Susannah P. Booth of Box Elder stake; continued by singing, "Redeemer of Is- rael." Roll call responded to by thirty-fivstakes. President B. W. Smith welcomed the audience in a cordial manner, with a happy greeting, it was very cheering to her to see so many interested enough to come out on a Saturday morning. Sister Smith felt she would like to embrace them all, but would be content with shaking their hands. She said, "I love the Relief Society, we have a great work to do if we only perform it. I want to see the young mothers and grandmothers join this Society and learn from the older ones. I love all the societies, but feel this one to be the most important of all. It is the oldest Society organized by the Prophet Joseph, and what could be greater and nobler than trying to carry out his wishes? I think we understand our duty fully. I trust we all try to keep the Sabbath day and keep the Word of Wisdom; train our children to grow up pure and virtuous; we want to please our Prophet and have him meet with us. We have our duties to perform, and one is to take the Exponent, it will help us in our work, especially in our mother's work; and the presidents must take care of this matter and not let them go to extremes, but preside over and watch this part of the work more than anything else. It is necessary of care our families." take to good President Smith said art and science are all right, and it is nice to take care of our appearance, but these were not all. She recommended reading the Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants and all our Church works. I hope we will have a good time together, that we may go home rejoicing and try to live so that we may be worthy of all our blessings. God bless you, Atneu. Counselor Sarah M. Pomeroy, Maricopa Stake, Arizona, made an interesting report. They could not have meetings during the hot weather; she spoke highly of the president, Sister Mabel A. Hakes; it was a very rough country to travel over, but visited all once a year; the Indian sisters were very good, had great faith, she never knew of such faith as was manifested among the Lamanites; they dress their children well and are fast becoming civilized; the people e labor under many difficulties, but are not discouraged. President Rebecca Standring, Alpine Stake, made a most excellent report, they have many young mothers enrolled members, they have a granary and about four thousand bushels of grain stored. This is really one of the banner stakes, and Sister Standring is a very capable president, though only one among the many. She closed her remarks by blessing Sister Smith and her aids. President M. Isabella Home, Salt Lake Stake, expressed her great joy at being present and seeing so many assembled in conference, spoke forcibly upon storing grain and not keeping the money the Society had for that purpose in the bank; thought filling our granaries should be our first work after looking after the sick and the poor. Thought there was no greater work in Zion than the work of the Relief Society; gave a statistical and financial as well as general report of the condition of hei stake, and closed by saying, "I want to be among the number of the true and faithful in the cause of Zion." Counselor Sarah Call, Bannock Stake, and Counselor L. M. Hart, Bear Lake St?ke, Idaho; President C. C. Shepherd, Beaver, each made excellent reports of work accomplished, conferences held, grain and granaries; told us how they managed the visiting and many exceedingly interesting things, although they were dmited to five minutes. Counselor Avilda Dixon of the Big Horn Stake (a new tract of country, stake only organized three years), gave us some idea of colonization over there, described the city of white tents before the houses were built, they had similar experiences to our early pioneers; she realized that the Lord had blessed them abundantly and the land for their sake, though they had been called from different localities and came together there to build up a stake of Zion, yet Ihey had become strongly attached to each other and union and harmony prevailed. Sister Dixon referred to their very capable and lovable president, Sister Lucy F. Grant; she also spoke of the interest the sisters had taken in the young boys who had come there away from their homes to work on the canal and the railroad. Sister Mary L. Morgan represented Juab . Stake by request, President Lilyus C. Page Nebo Stake, Sister Mary A. Standiforth Snowflake Stake, Arizona, Counselor Annie B. Kennington Star Valley Stake, Wyoming, Counselor Selina Phillips St. Joseph Stake, Arizona, gave many good items concerning their society work, conditions of the people and other matters pertaining to material progress and spiritual growth of Zion. All those who spoke expressed the hope that Sister Bathsheba, our president, would live long to cheer us with her good words and bright, cheerful face. Sister Maggie C. Hull with her beautiful voice sang, "Save one blight crown for me." Benediction, Counselor Sarah Jane Cannon, Salt Lake Stake, and conference ad- journed until 2 p. m. Afternoon Session: A large congregation assembled and many representatives from a distance and a number of brethren: President B, W. Smith presiding, Professor C. J. Thomas, Temple choir leader, and some of his best singers rendered, "Oh, say what was offered by Zina js. truth," Prayer 