WOMAN'S EXPONENT 24 Benediction, Sister M. Doxology. cox. Julia S. VV. Woolley, Wil- Sec. ST. JOSEPH STAKE. Conference of the Relief Society of the St. Joseph Stake was held at Thatcher, in the Academy chapel, June 5, 1903, with Stake Aid Mary K. Taylor in charge. After singing, and prayer by President Andrew Kimball, the minutes of previous conferRoll call ence were read and adopted. showed an attendance of two Stake and ten ward officers. President Elizabeth Lay ton, Secretary Salina Phillips and Aid Eliza Walker were excused on account of sickness. Aid Mary K. Taylor felt her inability in conducting a Stake conference. Missed Sister Layton and counselors. The reports of the respective presidents of the different wards showed that they were holding meetings regularly, with an inMost of crease in the average attendance. the societies have commenced the Mother's Work. Some of them by the advise of the presiding brethren of their wards sold their wheat in the spring when prospects were good for a bountiful harvest, but before the grain had matured a bug came and destroyed much of it. The consequence is they have the cash for their wheat on hand awaiting an opportunity to buy again. President Andrew Kimball did not feel to excuse the sisters for their this morning, except those who are ' 'Presidetained on account of sickness. dent Johnson and I met with Sister Layton this morning and completed the organization which has been so broken up through death and the removal to other localities of sojie of the officers. Sister Layton was very desirous of attending the conference but it was impossible for her to do so." President W. D. Johnson: "I was one of the Stake presidency when the Stake organization of this society was effected in June, 1883. Have attended, with one exception, every Relief Society conference in the Stake ever since that date." Explained that the Stake presidency advised Sister Layton to choose for her counselors and secretary sisters residing in the same ward with herself. He then proceeded to present the the names of the new officers which were as follows: Olive Kimball as first and Salina Phillips second counselors; Fanny Kimball, secretary, with Samantha Folley assistant; and Josephine Cluff treasurer; All were unaniEmma Coleman, aid. sustained. mously Sister Taylor thought we had an excellent organization. The Relief Society is a great help to the priesthood. Was pleased with the reports from the different wards. Meeting adjourned until 2 p. m. Singing, "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire." Benediction by Patriarch John Taylor. Conference reconvened at 2 p. m., as per adjournment. Singing, "Redeemer of Israel." Prayer, President C. M. Layton. Singing, "O ye mountains high." . non-attendanc- R. K. e Sister Jennie Cluff, late of Guatemala, was pleased to be with the sisters in conHad a delightful trip. The eye ference. can scarcely conceive of Central America as The people are very a tropical climate. Where hard and working. kind, pleasant ever we go, whether among the rich or poor, we can do good if we are so inclined. Patriarch John Taylor thought th'e sisters were doing a good work and we should feel Always took pleasure in proud of them. Relief Society sisters, meeting with the Laura Nuttall, Stake president of the Y. L. M. I. A., was deeply interested in Relief Society work. Was pleased with the thought if we had a greater desire to do our duty in every particular, there Should sustain would be a better report. our presidents and be as willing to accept their instructions as they are to give them Our children do not always have the proper example set before them by their parents. Mothers, teach your daughters that there is no greater honor than becoming a wife Ask the Lord to help us to and mother. understand our duties and perform the same. Sister Coleman was very much interested Comin all the auxiliary organizations. pared our conditions with those of ancient Israel in our waywardness and neglecting our duties. President Andrew Kimball was much interested in the report of the Mothers' work. Fathers be considerate of mothers, thus teaching your children by example the Heads lesson of kindness and see to a families least of it that you ' have at year's provisions on hand. The prophecy of Heber C. Kimball that a barrel of flour would be worth a barrel of gold has not yet come to pass, but would as surely as it was God grant that we may be preuttered. for these emergencies. pared President C. M. Layton endorsed the instructions of the meeting. Ours is an everyday religion. We are trying to be good. Be charitable, do not find fault with each other, especially those in authority. We are abundantly blessed, have no hardships compared with the people of the world. Encouraged parents to take better care of their children. Singing "Love at Home." Benediction by Sister Fanny Kimball. self-sacrific- LADIES' 71 Sec. Miss Elizabeth Porter Gould, of Boston, poet of the Massachusetts Floral Emblem Society, has just published an interesting little book entitled, "John Adams and Daniel Webster as Schoolmasters." Miss Jessie Gibson, of Indianapolis, Ind., who was recently graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, has just entered into partnership with her father, and is the first woman architect in Indianapolis. OBSTETRICS and NURSING. DR. MARGARET C. ROBERTS Will commence her next class in Obstetrics and Nursing on Monday, October 12, 1903. For further information enquire of MEETING. Meeting held in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Hall, July 25, 1903, President M. Isabella Home presiding. After the usual exercises of singing, prayer and reading of minutes, President Home addressed the sisters upon the purposes of the Lord in dealing with His people, and felt we were not the judges in these matters and should not find fault with the priesthood or the dispensations of Providence, should teach our children to keep holy the Sabbath day and not go to places of amusement on Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah. WE ARE IN OUR NEW STORE and solicit your patronage. much as possible for your money. Amelia Wardrop, Cor. Sec. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 67, 69, wor- ship; referred to her own childhood days and the sincerity of her father concerning Realized the great responsithe Sabbath. for the actions of their mothers of bility children. Sister Maria Barnes, Farmer and Martha Morris each bore faithful testimonies, and Sister Morris also sang a hymn; she felt we should appreciate the good instructions given by Sister Home. Sister Amy A. Thomas was glad she had been bora aud raised in the Church, knew the Lord heard and would answer our prayers concerning our children. Counselor Clara C. Cannon, Sister Nellie Bemont and Mary P. Silver bore testimony and spoke feelingly of the young people of Zion. Sister Castleton had visited the Primary and M. I. A. in Idaho and spoke of the good reports and large attendance at the meetings. Sister Margaret A. Romney felt thankful for the Relief Society and appreciated the good band of sisters over whom she presided. Sister Frances Smith, Hague, Luff and Williams, also Sister Rachel Leatham, bore excellent testimonies of the Gospel, its healing power and their joy in baptism for the dead. Singing, Doxology. Meeting adjourned for one month. Benediction by Counselor Sarah Jenne Cannon. e. Sarah Webb, SEMI-MONTHL- Y the day set apart for rest and public We aim to give you as US Dr. Roberts, 77 C Street. Tel. 2002. Save Your Money! And when you pet a dollar, deposit it with Zion's Savings Bank & Trust Company, the oldest and largest savings bank in Utah. Since the establishment of the bank we have opened more than 19,000 savings accounts. The laws of Utah permit marricd women and also childrenvvho are minors to open savings accounts in their own name, subject to their own order. Have you such an account? If not, open one NOW We pay FOUR PER CENT INTEREST on any amount from one dollar to thousands, and said interest four times a year.compute WRITE for any information desired. Nos. Joseph F. Smith. Prest. George Rl. Cannon. Cashier. Main Street. 