WOMAN'S EXPONENT 148 Woman's Exponent. EMMELLE Editor. D. WELLS, in Salt Lake City, Utan Terms: ne copy one year, $1.00; one copy nx months, SO cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil pa.ee, one time, 82.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount ' " to regular advertisers. EiFOjfKNT office,, No. 25 E., South 'Temple Streetsecond Business hours frois 10 a.m , gate east of Deseret News Office. W 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday-Addres- s all business communications to Published seml-montbl- ' PUBLISHER- WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Laks City. Utah. Entered at the Pott Office in Bait Lake City, Utah, as ' ' v : uvvvrf vwf Jwww-l-: l Salt Lake City, m UL'li 1891. i, ME MORI AM. ,4A combination - T April and a form indeed, sA va AA c?m ef Yim en1 These words of the great poet describe more fully than any others we recall, the personality of President Daniel H Wells. A man among-te- n thousand, remarkable in appearance, in features, rnp frrpar ann nnn p n na tip in nonnor inn in onaa.t of head and heart that mark the men of- destiny. Brave and fearless as a lion in times of danger or peril, yet tender and gentle in times of peace and security. Loyal in the best sense of the term, to his manhood, his country, and his God. In his friends every placerand at all times true-t- o and the principles he had made the guide' of his . . 1 - numerable number of the just, gone to the society t j, fh.i nrnnlit. anH ..natriarrh. whnm vh- trnrw and loved while here. Gone to fill some higher, holier mission.there can be no doubt in the minds of u:- - c i . r . .1 iL... - " His labors in the Temple here were indeed a blessed preparation for the work behind the vail. --H fi led u p "wttlr ti s e ful nes s he isday s were labored long-- , faithfully and untiringly, and rejoiced and was glad of the service he was able to render for Zion. No sacrifice was-to- o greator him to make, no labor too arduous to undertake, if it was to promote the interests of the kingdom of God, or benefit the people with whom he had cast his lot. He lived for others more than for hlmsclfas great men ever do; he was as free from selfishness or as it was for a man to be. His integrity to the possible was beyond question. The trying ordeals Gospel through which,' in the course of his life, he was called to Dass onlv made more annarent the true greatness and sublimity of his character. 1 nt "For as gold is tried by all. He was belovedby the people, and he loved them truly, 7 Thoe who are faithful and endure unto the end will meei him again; the assurance of the Resurrection of the body was one of his favorite themes, and the joy of meeting those he loved on earth.renewed and quickened, redeemed and glorified, to dwell together in the family rela-- . tion, was the hope firm as an anchor to his soul and led him to exclaim with the Psalmist,'! shall be satisfied when! awake in thy "likeness." hi Daniel Hanmer 'Wells wat the son of Daniel and Catherine Chapin Wells, and was born at Trenton, Oneida County, New York, October 27, 1814. His father served in the war of 1812, and was a descendant oHhe celebrated Thomas Wells, the fourtKGovernor, oLConnecticut, who was several times elected alternately as Governor ' and Lieut. Governor of that colony. The mother of the deceased was' the" daughter of David Chapin, a revolutionary soldier and con. nected with one of the oldest and most disHe served tinguished New England families. under the immediate command of Washington during the greater part of the War of Independence. In 1826, when he was but 12 years of age, his father died and then he took upon himself the care of the family. Six years afterwards.with his mother arid sister, he moved J o O MOi an dth LefolLqw ing spring to Illinois.' He took up his abode at Coramereejthe wards noted as the "Mormon11 city of Nauvoo. Here he was elected constable, then justice of the peace, and was an officer in the first militia organization of the district. He was a Whig in politics and figured prominently in the political conventions of the period. He was an ardent champion of universal liberty and a foe to oppress sion in every form. He was highly esteemed by people of all parties and creeds, and frequently acted as arbitrator in difficulties between neigh- -' dearun eartii "at fire So must the heart be tried by pain." 1 - President Wells never shrank from trials how ever severe, out grew strong ana vauant tor the truth, the more he was tried. The writer has on more than one occasion heard him repeat with much depth of feeling those grandly . eloquent words of Job: ''Though He slay me, yet will I trust in Him." The natural refinement of soul and boundless charity that always characterized this great and good man.shone in his countenance vividly as he advanced in years,softening to saint liness theoutlines oLhis: magisifrceM head and face. Those who saw him in his holy calling in the House of the Lord felt how suited was the great high priest to the sacred offices in which he officiated. Language fails to give expression to the heart when such a man D.isses i the sentiments of love, afieCiion and esteem spokerrand written of htmsince hfsiTfathyiaTi- n- a:nfilinj,,. i1UC1Ui ihat'tim'e-Tdrn'eospel-sake- T" C. rl f .1 i.T YT3 CICLICU IU IUC IU 31 lCgISiail 1 m. pal, 1 1I1U Ve Council of the provisional State of Deseret and appointed as State Attorney; he was also elected Major General of the NauvooLegloor the" Stale militia, by the General Assembly; May 26, 1849. March 27, 1852 he received the rank of Lieutenant General of the Legion, and was commissioned by Governor - Brigbam Young, March 7, 1855. He was Aiiciwciiua ucuicudiu oenerai . 6, 1857. Wells General conducted the April with Indian campaigns great military skill, and : : r.. A a ctl, settlements from the dire disasters that threatened them. His command of the Echo cafion expedi- lion is a Historical event, and won for him the undying admiration of the Mormon people. For many terms Hon. D. H. Wells was a jnember. of. the Legislati ve - Counci s a nd of the several Constitutional Conventions, With the exception of the last one in 1885, and filled other imnnrtant nn- rf- the . r & rnnsitinns in the htnlHinfr country, such as Superintendent of Public Works, Chancellor and Regent of the University of Deseret for many years, and Mayor of Salt Lake CitvJ ten Years. The "first time the wnmen nf Utah J cast their ballots was for the election of D. H. , Wells for Mayor of the City.for his third term, on T the 14th oi rebruary 1870. -- ic-cicui- cu - .weii-Know- a high sense of justice and impartiality.. JiLj839whea.lhe,.Saintseingiiom.Missouri 1 r Jl" rvt IthatearlF Legislature to the City of Nauvoo, he was elected an Alderman and member of the City Council, also a Regent of the University and a Brigadier- " XT T it. nauvoo vicuciai iiliuc region, rie was promi nent in the city affairs and supported every public measure for the progress and welfare of the citizens. When the opposition to the "Mormons" reachedjts height, General Wells remained oa the sidebf the assailed people and would not join in.anyof the movements for their injury.: The murder of the Prophet' and Patriarch, Joseph and Hyrum, aroused his deepest indignation, and he strongly protested against the Idemand of the Governornof the State for The aTms of the Legion, which was made under the pretext that the of Nauvoo might attempt to avenge the people slaughter of their leaders. At the time of the exodus of the main body of tne fiurch irom Nauvoo, and the remnant that! werrteft being attaclced byiheir enemies after i'HiES e5 promised IprctertionSquire -- Weill espoused the cause of this oppressed and perse. werp - " "o tnn,.. VS'Tl.l miirap 0 his wife and only child, his worldly, possessions, his honor and good name among men, and allied himself with a people unpopulafnd at that time rnrnnellfd to flee hevond the honnHs nf tion because of their religious faith. He came to the valley in 1848, and has resided in Salt Lake City ever since, except when away upon missions. In the organization of theTerritory,he took a prom- - Jbors and Jamilie.rjS.quirenWelIs" was noted, in "WenhT . Hr,. - settled at Commerce, he aided in securing for them a cordial welcome. .He owned, among other pieces of property, eighty acres of land, on the bluff. This he platted into city lots and let the poor and persecuted "Mormon" refugees have them at very low figures: and on longtime for payment. This endeared him to the people and determined the location of the chief part of the ' city, and of the Temple which was built on land that had belonged to him. "Making . the acquaintance- - of-t- he Prophet S mith he became Joseph strongly attached to him though then unconnected with the Church. and fortJturl . strength" to those who. were defending themselves against their enemies. The story of his valor is graphically told .by those who participated in that ter'rinle struggle, when the aged, tne poor and helpless were compelled to leave Nauvoo and camp upon the opposite banks of the Mississippi River. He was the last oneto leave anf! imc uhVn th rilv wjs pvariiatrl. ' ...Vu .ujum j after crossing over into Iowa. He immediately started for Winter Quarters where the Saints were camped,and rode day and night, accompanied by Wm. Cutler, to report the condition of the people and urge the necessity of the teams being sent to help them. Squire Wells was baptized on the oth of August 1846, and from that time his progress has been onward and upward; though he left all he held . To give the world assurance of a roan." a cuted people. His "gallant defense" pf the "Mormon" at that time will never be. forgotten ful tributes to his memory, and he deserved them n. 1 -- -j- - un January rr n, wens was or-- ; dained an Apostle and set apart as Second Counselor Young in the First Presidency of the Church, which office he filled until the death ofPresident Young, when he was appointed a Counselor to the Twelve Apostles. When the Manti Temple was dedi- raterl fav Tt , tSSS he- ron c onnninto frt tate "r r j charge of it as President, and he truly magnified his calling in that responsible capacity, and grew more and more into the hearts of the people as 4, io57ruamei . they visited that sacred place ings and ministrations at has gone, and the places that him no more until he comes "eternat life in the resurrection IMfUMNU FUNERAL and received blesshis hands. But he knew him will know forth clothed with of the just. , CEREMONIES. On Sunday March 29th (Easter Sunday), the large Tabernacle was filled with people, assembled to pay the last tribute of respect to General D. H. Wells. The procession left the nouse in time to reach the Tabernacle at noonaaj. ine Duuaing was Deautifully draped in soit wnuc cashmere, festooned with bows of white satin rib- ,bon,and hung gracefully here and there were long ;, . 