WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - in the United States 30,000,000 women are "In the Southern States opportunities are the- (nwprnmpnf haA opening andstandards"are" becoming higher. been in the hands of the few and the people The Woman's College of Baltimore,1 the cowere ruled by the minority. educational universities - Tulane in New "Lillie Freeze urgecl upon the ladies to subOrleans, Columbian in Washington, and the .. rr w scribe for the Woman's Exponent as it wa3 TT.,! are tne uuiversuits oir xexas ana Mississippi the only organ the Suffrage Associations had to hopeful signs of progress in the South. The publish for them, and keen them posted on Trecent news that women nr to bo admitted tn these questions and it ought to be better sus- - the' Johns Hopkins Medical School as soon as ' tained. its doora shall be opened sends arthrili-- of re--' rUafranp.hifiP.il?i5inH:fKaf. - -- ... - . ills-- 1 -D- rErS.-Barneyisaid-the-ubjeet-ofT bad been a leading thought with her, and ad- r .1 vised mat tne heau3 ot every family should have in writing a clear statement of the dis position of their effects incase they should be taken away by death, which would save litigation, and that each member of a family.hould be provided for, and not left to suffer at the ex pemse.of another's luxury. She had in her .experience in me Known ot; some sad condi- tions through neglect things,. said men could use their innuence in this direction. Different phases were presenting themselves in the world's history, and in order to be equal to and keep pace with these conditions it required careful studj, and great .watchfulness. Emma inch, the Cor. Sec. tendered her resignation oh account of absence from the city. The meeting was adjourned until the third Tuesday in the following months at .the, same time and place. Dr. E. S. Barney, Sec, pro tern. . 1 1 I ' of-t,hes- e -- . WO-- -- ' ' WOMAN'S PROGRESS-I- EDUCATION. HIGHER BY 11ELEN L. WEBSTER. After giving a detailed account of the early ' struggles of women to obtain even the rudiments of education, the speaker: said; "It took two hundred and fifty years for New England ta really thatMme capable-ot-th- The agitation of the subject of higher educa tion, however, at last led to the formation of the Boston High School. Two hundred "and eighty-sigirls presented themselves as candidates for admission as against ninety boys. The authorities, however, were so amazed at the eagerness of the girls to take up the higher branches of learning, they closed the school after it had been in existence eghteen months." -- Said Miss Webster: "Tne eloquent absurdity of this failure, and the increasing demands of women worked hand in hand, and a quarter of a century later Boston had a High School for girls; another quarter of a century passed and a Latin school was established to fit girls for College. To fit girls for college- - This clause- ' speaks the last and best words that we have to say concerning the opportunities which have been won ' for woman's higher - education. ""It remindsus of the opening of 'Vassar in uu, aim iveneaiey iu iuf ui uiju us Mawr in 85,'.of Barnard in 8y, it reminds Oberlin - of the many colleges all over the land heading the list Which have extended tneir .. privileges to women. ;In the West especially has the higher edu- 1. i . i. x ui-Ouiu- u " . ti I'm I i . it 117 1 T1 .ii en n firtrrufj fin Jtuiii iirai . 1 11 ii. nv nrn -- the governments of the separate States, and by institutions that have been founded under the auspices of private individuals, though still in certain localities the old fight has to be fought over again. "The spirit of the times says: 'Women need equal culture of mind and heart with men and the fact answers nearly to the spirit in the Western States, where out of 212. institutions 165 are co educational; some of these were s founded originally for women, but have extended their privileges on equal terms; J. '.i- to men. 7 aiter-ward- : ' - M , was greeted by the students with an address of ' welcome and congratulation, r "Spain and Portugal have no law excluding women from university privileges, while Vienna andLiepzig tolerate them through the; courtesy orVgood nature of individual pro- fessorv though they give' them no recognition or privilege of matriculation. "Do we look about us forsigns of further advance? They are at hand." ftpnnrf p1 L na that the new National University- in Washington contemplates the admission of women on the same conditions and with., the same privileges as men. The University of Glasgow follows in the same path. Ihe royal Uni- of Ireland confers the degreo of - versity Bachelor of Arts upoaeleven women, andlhat of Doctor of Laws upon several others. The -- Universities A'usfrairaIend' couitLio- - women- - stuarats. Apetition for admittance to the University, of Greece has been signed by Greek women, and - Rome-best- irs herself in behalf of her girls, are the facts which are the "Such, y foundation of .our hope of future opportunity. What are our ideals, that are to be the basis .oLfuture attainment. "One of the greatest needs of the future in America is a higher standard of scholarship a standard of ecnolarshi n.whifh eViftll laaA the seeking of knowledge for its own sake, for the sake of that vision of truth which alone can guide aright. We need, as a people, not more ambition, but ambition-morwisely dia not rected, greater amount of work, but a better quality of it; not culture pursued as an end, but as a means. ."Among the leaders in the world of scientific research let the woman of the future take her place. This duty her new and larger'oppor-tunitie- s inrooseiinon her.V; r ' -- Alter referring to the plan of university ex- oa vrusiuu pic&emeu uy Mr. liichard o. - - to-da- to-da- y e -- - rnoble-work-of-- the highest; development ot mind. e our land. history ot the higher education of women m each of the countries of Europe is passed in review, it Deems with the movement in England. ... From the opening of the Cambridge University courses to women thirty years ago, to their admission to the London University examinations and the Cambridge tripos examinations in the beginning of the last decade and finally to the founding of the Royal Hollo way College, which was opened in the presence of the Queen of England five year3 ago," the cause has'' advanced-with- 1 strong and steady steps. "Since 1866 France has made provision for the higher education of women; one of our own countrywomen, Dr. Mary Putman Jacobi, was the nrst woman admitted to the medical school in Paris. 1 "Switzerland early opened the doors of her universities to women, making neither reserve nor concession on the ground of sex: Zurich University Jqrs", the honor of being the; first in this respect; then follow Geneva, Berne Neuchdtel, and finally report tells us that con servative Basel, has granted to one woman the . . gtli - i , and breadtFoT May the day not be far distant when its academic department shall act upon the same just principle! "Thus far we have ppoken of woman's progress in education in America. In Germany, a book, appears whose very existence is a proof of progress Hclene Lange's Higher joidng-througho'urthe"len- . - college settlementsshe" ' "Sweden follows in 1870. In 1875 Den, said: ' : mark grants to women the privilege of acquir "Thuilhe coming yiairs wiirfind woman the all degrees except that of Doctor of work at the top, at the bottom, and all the ing her only university gives. that Divinity way between. She will have her share in supfrom ha3 times very early ''Italy permitted porting that system of education which Prof. women to attend the universities, both as Huxley declares to be the only one worthy of students and as professors. We need but call the name, 'that which shall create a to mind the Italian poet, musician, astronomer, educational ladder, with one erld in the great gutter mathematician, and linguist, Elena Lucrezia and the other in the university.' Wo COUld not closft thiq erttrU r,C Curonaro, who received the Doctor's Degiee .Jt' . - : w"vu ui um at the University of Padua, and the beautiful ideal future without expressing one more hope: and learned Novela d' Andrea, who sometimes that the wisdom of the lectured in her father's stead at the University just things with such a perfect balance that the of Bologna. The University of Bologna was sp.alft in whirh wnm n Vu f.Ufln.kt i ttvujcYcmcut IS piaCSu both ancient and celebrated.- - It was, founded ur ittii jrc aucoruing to the measure of it3 inlhe early part of the fifth century and in uiy the thirteenth century its fame had become so based on the erround of rpt Tha oef v oii uao great that its students numbered about ten demanded for woman justice not oppression- thousand. uv tutuic 19 JUSL1CO ' n "In the bloom of this brilliant period wo siiii nonavor. men were enrolled m the number ot students and professors; Bettisia Gozzidina, a Doctor of THE WIMODAUGHSIS PROPERTY. Law, lectured there during the last ten years of her life; Catahna and Novella Caldenni lectured on law a hundred years later. During We have made a deposit on'the house and the folio wing centuries women became relot numbered 1319 L. St. N. W. for nowned in the various departments, including and shall take possesion on the first mathematics and anatomical research. Thus of November. The lot has been considered by the distant past and the' 'dark Middle .Ages the board for some time and is very desirable point their finger of reproach at the cold and for our immediate- - purples, being-2- 9 feet front sluggish conservatism, not of phlegmatic Ger by 164 feet deep to a 30 fiwt alley Thecon is many alone, but of the free, enlightened, pro- JiMOO, and it. is estimated thatour first issue of stock which is 25,000 would gressive Ameri(ja of the' nineteenth century! on a hall In 1875 St. Petersburg arranged university on'the war of the present lot andput for one pay courses for women. purchase. This would enable us to eecure "The University of Amsterdam enrolled the rentals and good quarters for present purposes. first woman student in 1880. 1 hen when we can do so we can put up a "In 1882,Norway passed a law which autho- Madsome front which will be a credit to the rized admission of women to , the degrees of women of the An country. appeal is arts and of philosophy, and Miss Thoresen, the made;to evey one to send inurgent their stock first candidate,was not only allowed to enter,but that the payments on the lot may be I : . 1 . x'--v- "" Wimo-daughs- i3 . sub-ecnptio- ns 