44 Woman's EMMEUMl : Exponent. Editor. B. WELLS, In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: year, n.09; one copy tix months, M cts. No reduction made for clubs- - City papers delivered by man, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 52..S0; per month, S3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. K.. South Temple Streetsecond Extos&st officeNo. Office! Business hour from 10 a.m gate east of Desert News " to 5 p.mu every day, except Sunday v ArMrcQg till hnpc fOr"lIILjP to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Published This display wilt rangerfrom literature and art to cookery. It was announced that a portion of the mone set apart for foreign advertising would probably be made available for sending agents abroad to work in the jnterest of the women's department. to all present. Sister Kimball hasjpeen confined to tffe house for some months, until very recently and now can only get out on crutches. Her lameness was caused by an accident, when she put her hip out of joint,and she has suffered ever since. We join with the many friends of this honored lady in wishing her every, blessing that her heart desires, and that her last days may be her best days, and that she may continue in the future as she has in the past to bless the daughters play in the woman's building. semi-rnohthl- Kne copy one The Young IVdmarfs Journal has just com- pleted its second volumejit is edited by Susa' Young Gates, daughter of Brigham Young, preand popular writer over the viously a of Zion. , S. Elmina Mrs. of Taylor Homespun. signature President of the Y. L. M. I. A. has charge of the A WHITNEY GATHERING. Department devoted to the special interests of that-or ganixalion. The Journal hns b e e n. qu it e. At the residence of Brother Geo. D. Pyper on successful during the past two years of its'publi-catio- n Salt Lake City. Utah. beand has undoubtedly a brilliant future Tuesday Sep. 8, there was quite an interesting Entered at the IUt Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as fore it, for the young women of the Church seem gathering of the Whitney family. The party was Second Gas$ Matter. in honor of the birthday anniversary of Sister to have taken hold of the work with determination and energy and with them there should be no Mary C. Whitney, Mrs! Pyper's mother. CountSalt Lake City;: - "September 15, 1891-.- failures. The poetry it contains has been except ing children there were about fifty in all. There tionally good; and the editor has spared no pains .were two of tbe daughters of Bishop Newel K. THIS AND THAT. to make it useful .and acceptable and entertaining Whitney present, Mary Jane Groo, and Mell C ' to the young "Woods, daugh t e rs in I a w Helen M! Whitney and tion are worthy of great praise. The biographicthings we have heard of re Ovp nf thf Mary C. Whitney ; grandchildren quite a number, among whom were Bishop O. F. VVhitney.Horace cently is the gratifying news of the Amnesty al sketches of, young women actively engaged deorantoA trt Tncpnh F. Smith hv President HamG. Whitney, Vilate .Groo Taylor and Emma in association work, with their pictures is a Wells Sears, each representing a distinct branch son. To be under the ban of the law suffering lightful feature of the journal. The circular for of the family. All the children of Mary C. for conscience sake, for a religious principle for the coming year has been issued and contains so many years, o a man like hira-- a severe notices of the several departments into which the Whitney, eleven in number, were present, and as five of them are married there were daughters-i- n . ordeal to say the least, and to be once more tree magazine will be divided, among which are many to breathe the pure air of heaven without fear of 'noticeable features,, viz: The picture gallery, the and grandchildren, .and a law, and . . . . : :1 t . l. fine looking company they we re; of which the mil Pil IflTl 7. Til IISL IltT fI1IV3 II lircil IIJ 3UL1I till IIIWC literary department, fashion department, Consti mother may be justly proud; and indeed she" department and pendent American. To see Pres. Smith once tutional Governmentj-hygien- ic looked radiantly happy and satisfied. more in his accustomed place upon tne stand in several others of equal interest. The mechanithe House of the Lord on the Sabbath dav will be cal work of the magazine is a great, recommendaThe evening was passed" very pleasantly. in tion. It is published at the office of the Juvenile social conversation, and (of course) supper was a general cause of rejoicing. served in the most approved and hospitable style; Instructor, and that office has every facility for Telegrams from New Zealand under the date doing good work in the. Way of printing, binding tables tastefully arranged and nothing lacking to of September 5th, announce the 'fact that "the is and it is The the most etc. after $2,00 the feast was Journal per year, fastidious; tempt House of Representatives of New Zealand passed over and the parlors were filled again, there was well worth the price. We wish the Journal the a bill granting the residential suffrage' to women utmost success and sincerely hope and- believe it more brilliant conversation; and music vocal and ' to women election for Parliament' and qualifying will do missionary work at home and abroad. instrumental by the Whitney boys and girls their JThis is indeed startling news and we hope the f rmsbahds w i ves7 and" same influence may spread far and wide; and it enjoyable feature of. all, though perhaps the EDITORIAL NOTE. .will, when once the doors of legislative halls and well-know- n r . -- rjeople-HerefTortsHa-- -- thts -- hp-Q- ; is--t- -- sons-in-la- 1 w, .1 I . 1 -- - Darliamejiiam Jever to move other..obstacles out of the way of woman's progress, and one by one,, the walls of .....A that will-giv- ,,11 Ka e 1 greater light and ppweFand strength until all barriers will at last-b- e removed, and the women of the rear future stand equal with man and a grander and nobler and purer condition of things in all the departments of life and work because of the more complete harmony which will be the result. ' We had hoped and expected ere this to have had something more positive to report from the Lady Commissioners for Utalttn fegatditozzVVn man's work for the World's Fair, but have heard nothing e x c e pTbyteTeg ra ra We present the following :.asJthm.otJnpprJtan" of these dispatches. "Late last night at a conference of the commissioners and lady managers of the Territories, d thatthe Territories shotild consoliit date in erecting one building for their exhibits. 11 snail COSl uui Jos iiwn Behind closed doors the board considered the circular letters that have been sent out from time - to time in connection - w i th he -- Quee a s abell a Association. Mrs. Wilkins introduced a resolution, which was carried, that the lady manager who assisted or encouraged the sending out of literature derogatory to the board, should be expelled from the board and the State sending her requested to remove her from all connection with war-agree- J -- kUV VV "The board of lady: managers of Jher World's -- Fair, Sep. 8, appointed a committee to select' ex- amples of specially notable and brilliant achievements of women, to be made into a searate dis- - without the supper, but "music hath charmsfand when we hjsarsuch voices as those of Messrs.Pyper and Whitney, and young Ensign and Owen, and we must not forget Bishop .Whitney, or the Whitney girls either, Helen Bourne, Em Pyper, Flod Dinwoody, these are not all, but suffice it to say, the singing was the cream of the entertain ment at least to the writer. irot receive' their papers will make direct complaint to this office and give If subscribers who do theirroper address thematter will be promptly attended to, if the fault is here, and if elsewhere, we will endeavor to find out the cause of delay and remedy it. Mistakes are certainly hot made intentionally; and it is always better to make a formal complaint as it gives opportunity to set the matter right, and by doing this much annoyance might be avoided. Our agents in the various A wards of the several Stakes are earnestly urged to renew their diligence and canvass their districts thoroughly, that the paper may receive the supportand patronage so much heeded7topub-- , 4ish"itat5iQw,-.a,.iwhich price should put it within the reach of Zion. If a sufficient number of very family-i- n subscribers could be obtained, the Exponent could be issued weekly, which would make it much more desirable to the public and a greater help to all the womens organizations it represents. The Relief Society of the Second Ward in this jrd; Sarah Smith Wheeler, necessitating its reorganization. The meeting was held at 2 d. m. in the Ward meeting' house. Bishop L. G. Hardy and Counselors'present, also Sister Zina D H. Young ,' AUNT PRESENDIA'S BIRTHDAY. S omeoHhe"frieads'of who presies..over Snriety a5:a, whole . in all its Stakes and branches, and Sister EV B. Wellsv Sisters Ann Mc'Gregar. and :,Augusta Leech, Counselors to Sister Wheeler and also the Secretary, Sister Sarah Mitchell and the Treasurer,- Sister Phebe wjlh manof . ., the teachers and members of the Society made a fair sized audience. After the usual opening exthe-Relie- f CJgni: heve teT an "MotTieTTn Israel, SisterPresendia L. Kimball gathered at her residenc eon M o n d ayV-- e p e m be r in honor of the Sist Anniversary of her birthdayV There were t wo gentlemen and about forty ladies pres- ent, her sister Pres. Zma D. H. Young being one of the number, and they had a most enjoyable time. After partaking of some delicious refreshment brought with Ihem for the occasion, they had a spiritual feast of singing, prayer, and bearing testimony ; the gifts of the Gospel were also manifest and altogether it was a time of rejoicing RELIEF SOCIETY REORGANIZED. ercises of singing and prayer.'the Bishop placed "t : j jnomin IBassett :as iPresident ' ofihe Relief Society of the Ward,which was voted upon unanimously. Sister Bassett chose for her Counselors Sister Sarah Mitchell and Maria Corbett who were sustained in this pdsftion by all present. Sister Margaret: " Cafne was selected for Secretary, Sister Johanna Olsen, Ass't Sec, and Sister Phebe C. Young as Treasurer. These sisters were all sustained b ; 