'I hi TU Rights of the Vol. 19. Women !T7i of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. : CONTENTS. ; - -- Love Letters.Twilight"Masings,LurAuto biography Elizabeth B. Pratt. A Scheme Elizabeth Dustin. Co operative HouseWoman Suffkeeping, Ex. National-America- n hpjnj's!L.'Receptioiiv Mj?s rage Association What a Lady Does Not Do. Notes and News. Editorial: The Year of Grace 1891. Edi-tor- ial - Co-operati- ve Notes. The National Council of Women. KesoTuuon of Kespect. Mother and Son, Vina ' ,, Poetry: Thoughts of the Old Year, Lu. Bethlehem-TowEugene Field. Evanescent, Augusta Joyce Crocheron. Memoria, Florence Earle Coates. The Old and New Year, Ada Giddings-ParLines, Sarah J. Austin.. n, Unto a Child in Bp thlehem-tow- " n rThe wise men came and brought the crownr -- And while theinfant sminngsTept Upon their knees they fell and wept; Cut, with her babe upon her knee, '.A:HappyJNew: Year, Aunt Em. -- Some Old A Again I walk in Bethlehem town ZHZI-A1- And think on Him that wears the Crown ;-- X - C3ayftot-k-Ba-ri'aeet-agai- Nor worship Him as did I then; My King hath died upon the tree And hath outpoured qji Calvary What blood redeemeth you and me ! Eugene Field, in Chicago Newt. EVANESCENT. - oM man sat n his chair of State His head was bowed and bare, Deep furrowed lines in his forehead great, Were traced by time and care, And his limbs were chilled and stiff with age, Life's weenes refused to flow, The feeble pulse of the hoary sage, Told the world he soon must go. 1 around the old man's dying couch, Gather a motley throng, Remorse and Grief, 'FeastrDirice'; and' Mirth, Withering careand scorn. Low kneeling beside the monarch great, - --Are" FaltrT ahd Tiumble Prayer;' " r His parting breath to receive they wait, And greet the son and heir, But ere. he quits this shadowy raleT " Time caught his murmured sigh, And wrought for earth a living tale, That in it ne'er can die. But now farewell, for the old mana gone, His heir is standing by; One fingering look we'll cast behind, And breath one soft good-by, Hopeful we welcome the New Year in, And as its days move on, .. We will pray that richest blessings crown, ' This year of ninety-onNow " ... . e. e. Lu. Atchison,. Kas. . BETHLEHEM-TOW- As I was going to Bethlehem -- town .Updathe:carth4-eastTOedoW- : " All underneath a little tree That whispered in this wise to me; - As up I fared to Bethlehem-tow- n I met a shepherd coming down. And thus he quoth; 'A wondrous sight Hath spread before my eyes this night An angel host mosrfair to see That sung full sweetly of a tree That shall uplift on Calvary W'hat burthen Vaveth you and me ! " ;r n, - - - Farther he wandered where climbing high Gaudier flowers glared and shone And my little one pondering 'o'er his flight, Among the flower beds strayed alone. Blossoms with odors rank and strong '. Flattered his senses just as well, As breath of rose,s and violets Or dew in the woodbine's coral bell.-- Drowsily resting he fell adream,, " Deeper and deeper he went alone Adown the riotous steeps of thought HAPPY NEW YEAR. ' Well ! that my little one never knew ' The fate of the rover that flew away; Why should a regret 6er cloud her face That had right to sunshine 'round its way? straBger-blrdrffom- a .1 knew from whither his flight had strayed; He built his nest where we all might see Hb brilliant colors and hear his voice, Bright Oriole ! how thy coming effaced Her loss and made her heart rejoice. the what prophetic visions of the future! There is no other particular day recognized as a holiday, so significant of happiness to rue, as the first day of the new year. The term "a happy new year," so long and so universally applied, ha3 given it tone and prestige; and a glad response springs from the heart of each recipient, when the accustomed salutations are interchanged. there are lew people indeed, 111 civilized "vivul pictures ot pnisti countries, who do not . observe some special Customs ceremonies on: "N ew 1 ears Day. change somewhat in detail, but in reality they have been much the same for the last hundred years. Hie season itseli is calculated to conduce to happiness; and happiness .is the phantom that all pursue. In winter, families come into closer accord; a great share of labor which calls one Irom home is necessarily laid aside, and more time is usually devoted to hreside conversation, to reading, to study, and to employments that savor of the h6me. "C Home! what a magic word! Is there a human heart that does not leel a of pleasure,, whenever the word home is utteredf How many tender recollect ions, how many sacred reminiscences it brings to mind! The 'word meauingtd the be-gre- at "LaUef-da- y Saint, who knows so well what it is to be an exiiep but I must return to mv subject, New Year's Day and winter pleasures, when the outside world is under the absolute sway of the king .01 frost and snow, and we depend upon the domain within, for companionship and amusement. The harvest has been gathered, and its fruit3 garnered away; the husbandman rejoices in the abundance he ha3 reaped from Jib toil, and the good wile wha shared in the husband s labors, partakes of the enjoyment, and a spirit of peace broods over he habitaion.and contentment sits.witlL them at the hearthstone. New Year's Eve finds the family seated round the fireside the bright warm curtains are closely, drawn and each one tries to interest the other. The little - folks in the background prattle inl!h1tdi3npa3-- r time, and sport their new dolls and Uhnstmas toys,, while the older ones recite snatches of verse'and sing oldfime songs. How many enchanting stories of fairies and genii have been repeated by the winter fire, when the taper b timed low, and voices were hushed, save the one on whom all were gazing, while they lis tened with strained eyes and bated breath. The, situation has it3 effect. How ften-i- tr childhood have I lhtened to these marvelous ' tales, told with a grave, loftiness of manner while7iOhe"wiIelDtio flickering light, fantastic shadows flitted about, and seemed to take on living forms; and every nerve thrilled with the intense excitement, producing an im-- " predion never to be effaced. Ah! where I? At New Year's Eve! Here let us pause for onc retrospective .moment, and look back over the hills of Ihejadia own Iieartoome solemn questions, which each one is best prepared Joanswer for himselft . f or small, Oh, griefs, though ye may Whether fruit of thoughtlessness or of wrong; The heart that lists to the "still small voice" ""'"Shall hear ' and srnUe to the sky born song. framed, Remember it even by n:ght and day. "Say of all things that unworthy prove ''Twaya butterfly, and it flied a way What associations that phrase recalls! What! hasa-pculi- ar With deadly berries and thorns o'er grown. ho1ightr7T)abyptherverdict - Augusta Joyce Cociieron. ; He drank where grew a poisonous draught And giddier whirled his joyous flight, 'Till he caught amid a silvery mesh Spread like a mirror to catch the light. Oh, blessed life ! that of sin and ill - Hath known so little that it may say (Scarred not, wondering, passing on) "False and fair, thou hast gone thy way." And as I gat to Bethlehem-tow. Lo ! wise men came that bore a crown "Is there," cried I, "in Bethlehem . t Tr: xvmg snaa wear this diadem?!! "Good sooth," they "and it s He quoth, ' I "h o . t. . 'it. . ue on tree iiitea the nui blood redeemeth us and thee I" - Yes, over the bowers the rover went Heedless of all her winsome grace, Had drank of the flowers she loved so well. And all less fair, than her own sweetjace. And stories of his bright tropic home I told my wondering little maid. "Oh, I shall stand on Calvary And bear what burthen saveth thee!" Wrhat Slowly she came and her eyes so brown W ere shadowed with thought, not of joy, or play; ' And, musing, she said as shemetTny look " "Twas a butterfly, and it fiied away."" And then, the while that she gently mused, A little bird came near us and sang, We thrilled with joy, for its voice so clear Around and all over above us rang. N. ' -- Exponent: THOUGHTS OF THE OLD YEAR. No. 14. Then shall a voice by the Father sent JReach through Jhe cloud ..with a steadfast ray, Chiming in harmony with thy heart To dwell therein forever and aye I Dec. 29, 1890. Naught recked that Mother of the tree That should uplift on Calvary What burthen'aveth "all and me. k. For-th- e Jh SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY 1, 1891. ., "fT rp. " 