WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 150 We need more such men; but the Lord will order all these things," and we must acknowledge His hand in whatever may betide us. 'May our last end be like unto his;' may our rest be also glorious. May the Lord grant this to. all who seek for It7for Jeus Christ's sake. Amen." . The choir sang: VD, my Father, .thjffu that .dweltet" I President George Q. Cannon read a portion of section. 76 of the book of Doctrine and Coven- ants. . - . ' ' "r "Language seems to be inadequate to convey the thoughts that now fill my heart. "At times silence is the greatest eloquence; though it would not be right or appropriate on such an occasion for all to remain silent. We owe it to the memory-- of our departed "friend a nd bro t h ernh at wt&h ouTdgi veYpTe slolTtol h e feelings of our hearts concerning his ' labors and his life. We owe it to those who live, that we should give utterance also to our estimate of his character, that the lesson of his life may not be lost upon those whom he has left behind, but that they may feel encouraged to emulate his deeds, the purity of his character, the grandeur of the principles which animated him in his mortal He was a man who career, left his impress upon his associates and upon society, "and I feel that the world is the better because Daniel H. Wells lived in.it. I feel that humanity has Been uplifted by his works, by his example, by his whole life ever since he became acquainted with the truth. He has not lived in vain. Look' at him from whatever standpoint you may, you will find something to admire in the man. If there was one characteristic that he possessed more prominently than another, it was. his fidelity. He was true . to his God; he .was ready o lay dowiv hisjife r at any time ior that which he conceived to be right. I do not suppose that a more perfect man, so far as physical bravery is concerned, was to be found anywherel He had unflinching valor, not only physical, .but also that higher and rarer quality, moral courage. HL pos se ssed .these, elements, to - a remarkable-degree- . He was true to God, true to his religion, and true to his fellowraen. "We are noted, a.s a people, for thej strength of our friendship toward each other, and in this regard Brother Wells stood out conspicuously. He neverlieserted hsnends Thelm?reey were - . . ry!r"n"(c they were talked about, the closer he clung to them. He carried this, indeed, into all the relations of life! He was a man faithful to his brethren, faithful to those who wre humfcle,and whom he might have ignored had be chosen. Then again his love for his family was beyond expression. mQfg. .u.Dfavo'rably ; "Hepossessed literary ability in a marked degree. Years ago Dr. Bernhizel and myself exchanged views about Brother Wells, when he was in the habit of writing papers which were, not credited to him, but which, nevertheless were the emanations of his pen. Dr. Bernhizel used then to observe how extraordinar y it was that one having had so ..few educational advantages was able to prepare such masterly documents as he did. I have been similarly struck myself; ;:"As a speaker hS was not so strong as he was as a w"ter, and yet how often has it been said that the reports of his discourses always formed delightful reading. He conveyed his thoughts tersely and lucidly1. Every one who read his discourses was pleased with them ; the matter was far better than the manner of delivery'. Brother Wells was a man of great intellect, therefore a man of power among his fellows. As to his future we need have no concern,though his death has brought us v sadness, because we have been deprived of his society. - . '- - -. 'he cemetery the carriages formed as closely around the grave as practicable. The body was lowered into the tomb and a quartette Brothers Ti I? C. Whitnev. - a- - D. Pvnpr. Tohn ... .... i j George j - " - vviii cer r and "Heber Goddard saner, beautifullv nnH with deep feeling, "He is not dead, but sleepeth.' - . .. 1 The last time l!visited&fanti -- -- was-in company with Brother Lyman, a few weeks ago. There was a conference in Sanpete, at Ephraim, and before it concluded we decided to go to Manti and hold a meeting in the evening. President Wells had not been able to attend, the weather was stormy, and it was not fit for him to go out. We,i however, joined him at the Manti Temple and "The dedicatory prayer was offered by Apostle ' Franris f I.vman. "The earth was then filled in over the mortal in. rpmains nf a man nf jterlinp1 nualitrp ic remarked toBrother Lyman at that time that 1 feared Brother Wells was not long for this life. I could see ajchange in him that he was more feeble than I had observed him for some time. Strangely enough, he came here without our learning of it. We were very fyusy at the time, and when the news of his i 11 n e s s fi rs t r eicheo alTManti. It was not until a remark was made to the private secretary to send a dispatch to Manti to learn of his condition that we heard he was in this city. It was a surprise to us. I last ,saw him three hours before his death, and al though I knew how feeble ihe was.I little thought he was going to die so soon. He was able to talk the evening before his death, when some of us visited him. tookrourmealith himr ..;'. '. 1 . 1 1 1 ieniya5jjyyoiiuj4ucauuii ?adciiy his 1 . aamiraDie, his devotion to truth sublime, simplicity unadulterated, his friendship steadfast as the ever lasting hills, while every characteristic of his prand individuality was softened br the influent " which caused him to be of broad sympathy, closelv entwined in the hearts of the DeoDleJ' " C9 OF TvEV. ANNA II. SHAW. SPEECH Concluded.' ordained for the ' work, because otherwise she ' conld not have done her work so well. Thissame divine tells us that Miriam was not God's woman either; that, she was a sort " of something interpolated for theprimes of war and distress. All great 8011I3 are interpolated for great occasions when they are "After the martjrdom of Joseph rcnAeA Smithy-Preside- Young, in addressing a congregation, made a remark which, though I was but a boy at the time, so fastened itself upon my mind that I have never forgotten it. Speaking of Sidney Rigdon and other men in the Church he said, contrast-thos- e men with Rigdon, "There are many among us whose knees - have never trembled, whose hands have never shaken,, whose hearts have never failed." And this is true. There are men among the Latter day Saints who amidst the greatest perils have never trembled nor thought ot wavering, either to the right, hand or to the left to save themselves; Daniel H. Wells was one of the most prominent among them all the peer of the strongest, the peer of the HPi'-SSILaSePMS, th e. peer of the . best, men among-us.- , ? I pray God to bless his posterity; I invoke the blessings of our Eternal Father upon them, that their hearts may be comforted in the midst of their distress; for it is a distress to part with such as he. They will miss him, no doubt; but God is able to console them and to fill their hearts with peace; and joy. After the conclusion of Pres. Cannon's remarks Apostle Heber J. Grant read a letter from Apostle M oses Thatcher, which contained many tender and beautiful sentiments and expressions of love and esteem for Pres. Wells. " The choir sang;: Anr? whpn ClnA vrnnfa pprloin knows needs a woman to thing done that He do it, He generally raises up a woman and; not a man for the position. Ihe - world needed a woman. Here was a boy, Moses, under the reign of a "man. by whom Moses would have been put to death in his baby hood, but that the loving heart of his mother said, "He shall not die," and she hid him away. nt ft ; powers. They are. not able to ariveat logical conclusions. When I was in the theological school, a young man who was studying" theology, and who was arrayed, as thev always are during the first year, with a coat buttoned up high around the neck, and all that, said the beginning. He said: "You are making a great mistake. God never intended a woman to preach the gospel. GodVhas jso constructed the brain of a woman that she cannot give a correct and continuous exegesis-oScripture." f uosen ttnat "It souna-iiKe-a-nmear"stud- entr hp'' I sai'l "that mav nnnatmnt. ed our brain so that we cannot give a correct' and continuous exegesis of the Scripture. But He ha3 at least constructed our brain 80 that somewhere or other Ha hna fnnnd a place in it in which. He ha3 bestowed a large amount of gumption. Now if we do not z exegeticalbility:we-- at least ha ve gumpLoDkTIp and "put your trust in'God., , tion enough, if we undertake to preach and The benediction was pronounced by President find our church empty, to get out of the pulpit and into the pew. What a grand thing it Lorenzo Snow. would be for the church at large if the other As the procession formed and the people were sex had some of that kind of gumption! There the beautiful snow was leaving would not be some bishops who are "preaching falling covering the earth with its white mantle, " f an emblem of the purity of him who was to be today.; Now this woman, Miriam, we are told, is laid away under this beautiful white pall. ; The procession formed in the following order: not God's woman. But see this little woman's Berry's martial band, pall bearers, the Twelve guujpuuu, now sne gets arouna tne young and the mother-hear- t of the young Apostles as honorary pall bearers, hearse, the princess princess goes out towards the baby! She was First Presidency,' the family and associates,' mem-bea woman', though she was a princess. See how of the City Council during the late Wells administration, the First Seven Presidents shrewdly this little girl planned it so that the child's mother should become his nurse; and of Seventies, Held's band, Presidents of Stakes hew, under the guidance and care of. his and their Counselors, High Councilors and Moses was reared to become the leader High Priests, Quorums of Seventies, Quorums of mother, of the of Israel! You see that in all Elders, Presiding Bishopric, Bishops and Coun- -' that people God did not need a man, and transaction, TT selors, Priests, Teachers Deacons, and citizens. ! t ueeu a great woman; ana lie iounu The cortege was remarkable for its length the women enough of the kind He wanted to do hearse being followed by over sixty carriages just the work that He wanted done. What more filled with people.WheA tha procession reached natural than that when Moses, years after, led -- r 3 pos--ses- : - ' Clru had e, ; J rs ex-May- or . ' - . A , 