. THE MOTHER AUTHOR. WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 83 And birds in the depths of forests old o the glad refrain Of wind, aud water, and"wpod, and wold, To welcome the Ghosts again. Hqr fate I will not dwell upon .longer than to add a secret marriage, an early grave, a death so horrible that I write I can but Re-ech- Deside thebed.of.her sick' child she watches,"" With heavy, anxious eye;i While Time's cold chisel on his tablet notches, - The hour of midnight, passing grimly by. Low, bending, o'er the cherished form she measures, The hard-draw- laboredbreath; n, Sensing how near her.'darling is to pleasures, Across the narrow river- bridged by death, -- - But the morning breaks with a radiance bright, And the mother's spirit is glad and light;" " Broken-thnight's dark fetter, Unloosed the Icy spell. For the father of her child hath said,..., With hands placed on the precious head, ''We thank Thee, our boy is better, And, that he wilt get well." . e Oh! blessed boon, and best to mortals given. Who have for faith and strength and patience striven,. That they may 'seek the Lord in fervent prayer, And find The finds the mother busier yet, noon-da- y Her house in working order to reset. But in her heart and brain there softly clings, which forever sings. A Jbird-likejsomethi- rhythm or a chant, half prayer, half song. Li 0P?fand grateful, earnest, sweet and strong. No time today, to grant expression power, " Too full of other things the present hour; But there willjcome a time in future when, Her girls to women grown, her boys grown men, Will ask and will receive life pictures from her pen. .. ; ' r L. L. G. RICHARDS. Nov. 30, 1 891'.' A ,-- THE INDIAN SUMMEK7 a-- j , weep. The sparrows twitter, the robins sing, The partridge calls in the com, The pbeas.mt drums as he did in spring; In the hazy autumn morn," The wild duck spreads his dusky wing At 4he sound of the ghosUyTiom. to-nigh- Chieftain and maiden, brave and bride, '.. In their pomp and paint appear; " Under the forest leaves they hide ' " draweth near; day-daw- n You gaze on the wood in its festal pride,-And say. "The frost is here.'' , are mortal clay, and your eyes are blind; These shapes ye cannot see' But come where the mandrake grows, behind The wild witch-haztree; Its juices shall your eyes unbind, To watch their .rMftlvv"' Ye el . You must come to the deeps of the forest old, When the midnight moon shines bright; A lake in its heart gleams clear and cold, And their oars are dipping light. I know their trysting spot of old; Will VOU come withjnalnnjfrM The Woman's Jour'nat Memphis, Ten. : Frost Legend. LIDE BY-MR- IERnVETHER". They are comingjagaih, the duskyv Ghosts -- " - From ihe- happy- - bxmtiflggroiin3;"""3 Low echoes whisper from f coasts Of the hunter's horn and hound; The air grows dark with the serried hosts That rise from each grassy mound. far-of- The smoke of the camp fire slowly curls Round the misty mountain side; The birch canoe its light sail furls, Through shadowy covers to glide; The fisher's spear in the' moonlight whirls, And sinks in the deepening tide. -- Their oars dip soft in the darkling rills Where the water lilies blow; They have lit their bonfires on.the hills, In the maple's golden glow; The warrior dresses his crimson- - juills - Where the ripening sumachs grow. : ' 'The burning bush lights the calumet fire 'Mid its leaves of gold and green; The chieftaiu's tawny feathers tower Where the sourwood's plumes are seen; He has dropped his scarlet blanket o'er Its branches"g!istening sheen. Did you think you had driven, him out or aye, Pale face, in your cruel pride? . Oh, fools and blind! his memory From wood nor wave has died; His bow still bends in your forests free, His skiffs your waters ride. summer has breathed her last lour sigh;--When the weird witch-hazblooms, The Manitou's voice is lifted high: d "Red men! to your homes!" Then ghostsin a thousand graves that lie - Come forth from their mossy tombs. - When el old-worl- And Nature in robes of red and gold Decks mountain and vale and plain, t. whistling on his way. Charles is now a husband and father; hij rule at home I will leave all to infer from the foregoing. how Oh," many indulgent mothers I can recall as I lie here writing and J hin king. , in a "few years aero an of CJ cident that occurred while walking on Brigham St., Salt Lake City bound for the ExroNENr little lady office, I met a pale, who accosted me with the question, "Did I know the whereabouts of Sister Wells?" as sho had just called at the officej, JbumLjianeip, SheTived laFout m the country and was soon obliged to return home, but so much wished to get a single number of the Exponent before returning. I offered to return with her and whileonour way she remarked it was a great feast to her whenever she could get hold of one of them. To my inquiry "Why she did not subscribe and get them regular," she replied much to my surprise in this man- at ner,-"ththey subscribed for soTmuch Eastern literature namely Frank Leslie'sJSalurday Night and the New York Ledger that they could not afford to take any of the Church papers al- : t h ough , she .dearly Ao ved t be iitti e -- Jfox r ON en t, By this time we had reached the office and found to the delight of the sister, the Editor hnA rpfiirtiff? (the snnn urna in Tincgpoeinr iC ihn -h arBatis'fied rmllchrcoTeteajr'" and look on her face; a feeling of pitywelled up from my heart as I watched her retreating form out of sight and wondered how many T r 7 x L - J I II wen meaning pareuis nau maae mis same mistake. v At another time I remember of. a brother calling at our house, in the capacity of a teacher, my husband was to accompany him on his route. While my husband was mnk-in- g ready, ray eye chanced to fall on a Juvenile Imlructorlvihich -- l had been reading to the children, 1 spoke or it in glowing terms, of the good it did in our household, when he made reply thus.' "Wfl rdid'-'fftkfihft Tnvtmifa but h'atrn ,Ka continued it as tbe ch i Wren :Ire-mo- re iu H terested in the stories in the Western Weekly, (a paper then published in Salt Lake City.) After this a damper fell upon our conversa tion, I could do nothing but think, think. Oh how carefully we watch over and nourish the flowers in our gardens, destroying eveijr ntw i.uftk luiut ijjjuiu vi ucsiroy a single plant, every bloom that may come forth is gazed upon with satisfaction. How much more carefully and tenderJyshould" we watch over, the sweet flowers of ourf household in trusted to: our keeping by our Heavenly " ,; tired-lookin- . A TALK WITH MOTHERS. Just two o'clock in the morning and I feign would sleep, but cannot, therefore will jot down a few of my, wandering thoughts. I fall to thinking and pondering over the many duties and; cares that devolve on us as mothers in general in the training-anbring: ing up of our. children, and many curious little incidents are brought to my mind that -- cause me thiY wise, to"rtiestion:;" m are we not too indulgent sometimes for the future welfare of our children? d A And now about Charles. "Mother did you black my boots?" "No, my sou I did not,T havo been "very busy and am tired "The d- - 1 I told vou this morninrr to be 'sure to get my clotlies ready as I have made an appointment Tor this evening, ' ! promised to be at Dick Jones by seven and it is now half past six." The mother with a weary sigh submits, meekly blacks, the boots and he is soon . ! -- When the . . : g -- - left-wit- them often blinded to those Jittle faults which though email at the time, in after years cause the ruin and downfall of our beloved ones? Should we not through our great future expectation of them, be more serious and thoughtful over this matter? I am e tartled and my heart aches as a feeling of conviction steals over me that this is so, and I promise myself that I will be more careful and cuarded in the bringing up of my own little ones, that I, through selfish love may not be the loser of them and be responsible for their downfall. A few of the incidents that have passed under my notice I will give hoping a lesson may thus be impressed upon those who mav rtihan rZIZII "Helen1 to a child ten years ofd, "will you .run to the store for mamma? that is a good c&ifFTMti' -- ; v girl?" mamma! don't I want to." "Oh, "All right then, you attend to the fire, and mamma will soon return." "Charles will you bring mamma ah armful of wood? be a good boy and hurry." ' "Oh! mammal I don't want to." O yes do, poor mamma's tired?" "I can't I'm sick." ' (Mother gets the wood.) LATER. .1 Mother to daughter, "Helen I do not MVh with Henry Home your you to go out father would object very much, were he here to interfere." "But mamma I don't see wbr? It is nnlv for pastime, and father need not know." "ljut daughter that would not be honorable andthen this Mr. Home is hot of our faith." (But Helen soon overcomes the mother's scruples and goes to the party. to-nig- ht - J ... A -- , 1 T Pnthpr. How good it would be if more of our Mothers-i- n Zion wouId tallFlo irthrouo-htheiiuu'o paptr Oil LD13 ail wiuuio vi vui thus important subject, by relating one another's experiences and givine ideas of nome ino we mignt oiten be able to perform a great amount of good. ' , " . : Ida Haag. Love is blind, but lovers often make a pair offtpfetaclesof themselves. " - 