WOMAN'S EXPONENT. General" and Stake authorities were sustained by the conference. The Elba choir.rendered sweet music; evry one seemed blessed with a righteous and friendly spirit. Conference adjourned to meet at Oakley in three months. 23 The poetry of religion and the insignia ing home he poured out his heart to the dear of a chivalric age here veil a meaning some- - mother whose name stand' first on his times too rudely told. ' Although but seven calendar of saiutsrVBut to his astonishment she turned away from him with indignation years have passed since the White-Crosmovement became "A spell to conjure bv" in saying: "Charley, never come to me again England, it has spread to Australia, India.' repeating what' the boys have said,for I won't and America,' finding everywhere a kind rehear it." As she thus spoke it seemed to him Louisa Read, 6ec. that the hand he trusted most was roughly ception, when its plans are understood. Sacred and beautif ul is the mission of the Wnite snatched from the helm of his life barque, d Cross. The and he thrust out to seaithoiirauideTTnor-diiynsoXiiiraeJJias.cn s. L. CO.he regain the port of purity until after a worldisTeady for it, and the twentieth cene Him-we etorm of sin that lasted many years. In happy tury shall lift it to the sky, the cross of lovo--'nwith and red war contrast to thta experience is that of many a longer tinge of Minutes of the regular meeting of the Salt1 mother who has said to me: ''My T Va Co:. W. S. A. held in the 13th Ward carnage, but white with promise of manhood Rooms July 21st,189l. Pres. Eliza- - that bears forever in its brea?t the lily oj a boy often comes home from school saying, v Assembly Mother they tried to make me laugh at some t . i .i spotless life, while as of old its gleaming lewe of their vulgar words, but I wouldn't listen to : cou gend still shall be; "By this slgu Chaplain. them after the way you and I have talked; . . The Secretary not being present at the open- - quer." into this work was introduced The ann rood country B. the of Da F. rector Rev. church, boy s though t of things forever sacred, to the XT',. Va toViitK a Costa, ftni San. by irvni,Q nir 1.. i, , New York - City t :Lt ,.f of St. John the " retary having""arfivedr the minutes - of last and has been Evangelist, adopted as part of its organic motto, 'Xoblease'cblige.' For all mothers are Pres. meeting were read0 and adopted. the not what we could wish. The average teacher Howard announced that the Suffrage Song plans by the Church of England and conis greatly superior in character and culture Episcopalian Church in America. It Book could be "obtaiaed at the Exponent templates a distinct effort to educate toward to the average parents whose children are Office, at 10 cts each, aud hoped that all would personal purity every boy or youth 'in Chrisplaced under her care. She knows far better provide themselves with one. what to say and how to say it. Every Pres. Territorial W. S. A. Sarah M. Kimball tendom.. school-housCross '. This is the White has three classes of children pledge: addressed the meeting, defining the difference those from homes celestial; terrestrial and I promise by the help of God between Democracy and Republicanisms. diabolical. It is so much easier to sink than First: To treat all women with respect, mm IDUUgUt WC BUUUlU HUM iuia and endeavor to protect them from wrong climb' that, in seeking an equilibrium the tics, but always acknowledge God. We should lowest minds spread their contagion widest; and degradation. seek, to inform ourselves upon the political ' Second: indedown all To endeavor to put and the tendency is to keep time at the questions of the da and assist others to do go, cent ' slowest step in the last battalion of the language and coarse jests. that when we do have the franchise again we Third: To maintain the law of purity as "little soldiers .,. newly musfcred in to this may be prepared to exercise it intelligently. and women army of temptation and of sin." Said' there' had been a fear expressed that equally binding upon men To be continued. Fourth: To endeavor to spread these printhrough our differences of opinions in politics, and try to help there might be a division among us as a ciples among my companions, my younger brothers. people did not think that we should discuss A PLEASANT GATHERING. Fifth: To use all possibk means to fulfill those subjects in an ungenerous spirit, but the command, "Keep thyself pure." seek to properly understand the different The tcachers and a few of the members of The principle on which this movemenr rest the Relief Society of Union Ward met on the is that to be forewarned is the only way to be CMi: Isabella Jtlorne, 'said she ? dicL not Jike 12th of June at the residence of her daughter, based upon knowledge "strife in politics, and if women were' In danger forearmed; that virtue a"fm rpri seXo llrsLu ey Brady is safer than innocencebaseojapp of being corrupted" by politic3t it was Jime Our aged and much beloved President, Mrs. anllthl? "politTcl or a teacher's lips imparts to the Elizabeth Richards, on the anniversary of her lievetfthatwe should again have the franchise. mother'smind 82nd birthday. The time was most pleasantly such a solemnity and eacredness child's Emily S Richards was sorry to have missed as cannot be otherwise obtained. The spent iirsocial conversation, songs with organ girlr m nearing ivirs, Mcrarianes speecu, ueiieveu and even more especially the boy, who feels a accompaniment and recitations. She received Democratic principles of government; our confidential freedom in bringing to : the a very nice present from her sisters with bless children should be educated in politics, and we home" ings and good wishes. sanctuary the" mys'terious questions, should be educated ourselves in order to "And, thougfifeeble in body, her desires are sure to be ' asked and answered, somewhere, to see the work of the Lord triumph. All will be likely to maintain purity of word and 1 ,J TT enAnm Tl f i X ICS. XXUVVaiU OUW " Ql,WUVl'VUUm deed even amid youth's manifold temptations. partook of a bounteous supper which had been ladies the nf Mm 1I1U as Kaav. r..,T?aTloTa snmft A. MA AMU the ladies of the Association, and Happy the child whose mother has his entire prepared by of the had come in late an had not heard it, which confidence evening all bade her an all his life long. I have been told iq.the twilight was (lone ....tnat sne i i fortunate mother that her sou affectionate adieu, realizing it is good to bless a by many naa ea reeze said A., ii. be blessed. f enjoy Mary repelled the degradation of the and to the meetine: more. than- she would have done a indignantly, Sister Richards baa been associated with common school boy talk upon subjects he had we should discuss that dozen ,concerts, from the days of Nauvoo; her house thought . . i . r t learned to regard as sacred, by reason of conj or Kindest these questions with the ieenngs. betweenlJtimselfLand -- her .always nemg ten tome oreinren ana Dainu ner fidences Dr. EI. SBarneymade stirring -- speech. who boreexchanged of ihose hospital i ty is well kno wn she him. fnr- hemer late, and Tko Unirnorir aiui!nm7An v.vj.uv uivivmij Cross pledge ever offered loyeable persons, whom to know her longest, is first White The under su gave some of her ideas about the bjeet was sent by me to a bright young fellow of to love her best. i 31. A. Smart, Sec discussion.: ; an athlete on the college campus of jsiiteen, Caine A. and Freeze B. Margaret' Mary A. at Evanston,' and & our university were appointed to write articles, one on ReWhen his chief student in .the classics.on other the and Democracy, publicanism, mother handed him the pledge on ray behalf Elizabeth Price, to write on the Tariff, for the he road it carefully and said: "Well, .that's next meeting, the meeting was then adjourned what I call It Ja iii..!ns5 fn tftllc nf fcftrrifi'hino' fsplf tr This town, is sense. hard in self that until the third Tuesdayin August, same time to "call it Heavens-ton- , VthrTuloleiintft nuu ju&ce. life, not but I doubt if there is a boy- here, eight others need.- It is the full,and rich 1 Caroline C. R. Wells, Sec ; fill and ; can that and empty one, the weeds sown of poor who hansn't plenty years old, enrich others. True benevolence, then, i mjist wo- in his heart. I m glad the To acquire to nlanOomeTlilies there." I obtain th"aThIchwouTd: give. len prODose s honorable money or " leisu re or po wer, to I underWas helped by those frank words. EDUCATION, i more cultivate health and, to gain wisdom and stood the situation better knowledge, to develop interest in human in the work. FROM ADDRESS OF FRANCES E. WILLARD BEA young minister wrote a prize essay for affairs, to cherish just principles and generous FORE THE NATIONAL EDUCATIONAL the work on the White Cross. He said that impulses these things are essential if we ASSOCIATION. until ten years of age in never went from the would pour out blessings and benefits upon fellow-men- , while at the' same time they Never was name home where he was most carefully nursed by our MThe White Cross!" We are all or purpose loftier than his widowed mother. On the first day in ennoble and gladden our lives. more fortunate influencing others in the direction in which that indicated by this new combination of public school he heard such , language at reand rush we ourselves are tending. .1 letters, happily grown. already familiar to our cess as outraged his sense of purity, ears. ; s 1 -- ;w..s..a., - o white-ribbo- n tT::j ..-.- . v e . wu-i- . uu . ' - ? by-way- of -- " .. 1 4 r. w - JM. H-V-A W W -- 1 1 . 1 - . Ill the-Chu- is-o- ne - . - SELF-SACRIFIC- E. -- Evans-tonrandeMethddistrii- ke - " - wbite-riDDo- and-believ- ed n rch 