52 WOMAN'S EXPONENTI congregation of gentlemen as I see here today. ' A ('.,.' It is not my purpose to occupy your time or attention in arguingor tajking,jocnjversingl,par!L. The Annual Territorial Convention of the Utah Woman Suffrage Association for the election of "ticularly uponthe subjects or at least those prinEditor. 'EMMELiSh li. WELLi, officers and othexpurposes will-t- on ciples for which you have gathered together; but vene in the I'ubli-sbe'what I will say will be a few words concerning in ij;ilt Lake City, Ctan Terms: 14th Ward Assembly Rooms in this City on No 50 els. Kne copy one year, tl.ofr, cue ropy ux months. Saturday October 3. Meetings commencing a our arrival here, and upon the principle of irriga reduction wade for dubs. City papers delivered by mail, tion. Fifty-on- e years ago the 24th of last July I 10 a. m. and at 2 r. m. The morning meeting extra for postage one year, 25 tts, . entered this valley with 143 emigrants, or in other will be an Executive session devoted iobusiness Advertising rates: Each square," ten lines of nonpareil words pioneers. We , were led by President month, J3.00. A liberal discount space, one tinw, J2.0; and it is earnestly desired that Presidents of the to regular advertisers.Young. This country jnat we arrived upon was Auxiliary Associations in the several counties at ExroNENT office,. No. '25 E., .South Temple Street; second called the Great American desert, and certainly tend or send representatives.. In the afternoon gate east of Deerct News Office. Business hours froro 10 a.m as far as we could see it did not deviate from that to 5 p.m. every day, except Suudny. session it is expected to present an interesting, V fnnnd a barren desprt hfro. in th pxit Address till busine.-v- ammunitaTons'to .miscellaneous prbgrammeTeneraMiivitatiorx " ' PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EX TO SENT, There was no mark of the Anglo-Saxo- n race, no is extended to all friends of the cause. Utah. Salt Lakk City mark of the white man everything was barren, M. Kimball, President. Sarah Entered-a- t the J'ost Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as dry and desert. Ada Secretary. Croxall, Second Oax Matter. We pitched our camp a little distance to the southeast nom here about ri- - o'clock in the day. October i, 1891. We' had a desire to try the soil to" know what it Salt Lake City, CONFERENCE GRAND CONCERT. could produce. Of. course all this company "CONFERENCE NORICE. nparlvthe whole of us were born and raised in Monday Even in g Octoberjj, iqjn "theNevv"Englah'd Stated Vermont, Maine, Massain the chusetts, Connecticut had no perience in irriTabernacle Salt Lake City. Conference of The gation. We pitched our camp, put some teams : Latter-daof of Christ Church Jesus Saints, the on to our ploughs (we brought our ploughs with will commence at ten o'clock on Sunday morning, For benefit of the Deseret Sunday School Uunionm us), and undertook to plough the earth, but we October 4th, 1891, in the Tabernacle, Salt Lake found neither wood nor iron was strong enough Voices 40 Instruments 11 Soloists. -- The 700 City. to make furrows here in this soil. It was like A cordial invitation is extended to all the whole under the direction of E.Stephens. Adadamant. Of coursewe had to turn water on it. e officers and members of the Church to be present mission, 50 cts. Children under 12, '"W wnulH lt3v r?rn anvthtner We wpnt onrl Doors open at 7 o'clock ; Concert begins at 8. - ... at the meetings. Programme: Invocation. Grand Chorus, "Let Wii.ford Woodruff, the Hills' Resound,'' Tabernacle Choir (350 George Q. Cannon, upon it, of course they sunk down to their bellies and Qreat Organ. Male Quartette, "O voices) '., in mild. ' We had to wait until this land dried Joseph F. Sjpith.World so. Wondrous Fair," Boshard and Pyne First Presidency. , enough tohold our teams up. We put in our Brothers, (Provo.) Song, "Love's Sorrow," Mrs. crops and we stayed, here one month. During Bessie Dean Allison. Instrumental Selection, that time President Young laid but this city as Ladies' Mandolin and Guitar Club, (40 InstruNOTICES OF MEETINGS. see it today in the,midst of sage brush, with ments, Miss Ella Olsen, Conductor.) Puet, you not a house within a hundred rniles of us. We "Flow Gentle Deva," Tout Brothers, (Ogden.) built a fort around ten acres, three sides of adobe Grand Double Chorus, 'Anvil Chorus," Juvenile A" meeting of the officers of the Primary AssoTabernacled ciation froranh out of the canyon. We then returned home and Choir will centre take the of the Juvenile large of held at the residence Elder Charles Fell, 155 some two thousand men followed us. President le the choir taking- - each side, this' N. Main St. City at 7:30 Sunday evening platform, Cannon here was one of the company that came force uniting nsijngi nee is de Q?i9kyL4 banners waving.) Duet, "The Sailor Sighs," in after we did. sired by the President Louie Felt. Now what I wish to say is this: You gentlemen Mrs. Agnes Olsen Thomas and G. D. Pyper. come here today; you see the city,you go through The General Conference of the Primary AssoOrgan Solo, Joseph J. Daynes. Duet, BosTiard F ciation will be held in the Assembly Hall in this Brothers, (Provo.) Scotch Ballad, ''Mary of the country. Here are a thousand miles, might say, through these mountains filled with cities, Argyle, R. C. Easton. A good old time Song, City on Monday October 5, commencing immeditowns, villages, gardens and orchards, and the ately after the close of the afternoon session of George Goddard, (76 years of age). Chorus by produce of the earth sustains the people. Withthe Conference. Presidents of Stake Associaeverybody. Grand March, 'Harlech." (Original out this water, this irrigation for which you have tions and of branches, and all officers and memw.qrds- by. Geo. A. Meears,) Combined, Choirs met today, this country would be as barren as it bers of the Primary who can, should be in at(700 .voices) and Great Organ. Benediction. nda iu U4, U WC, 1UUUU 11. 1 HIS llllgdiJU" J E. Stephens, Conductor. J. J. Daynes, Actendance to hear the instructions. Sister Aurelia what you have met to engage in and give your S. Rogers of Farraington is expected to deliver companist. views upon- - How I am satisfied it matteis not. an address on Primary organization, its origin Whatever you decide npon in this matter and-yoand what it has accomplished. unite upon, I am satisfied it will prove a --THE IRRIGATION CONGRESS. Conference of the The General blessing, not only to Utah but to every State and Rdtef3bdetyTwiIi Be "IieiarThthTselrl1yiralf The Irrigation Congress held in Salt Lake City Territory where"these arid lands abide, and who-ever jccupiestheselandslof course has goMo inlhia XilyJQctober7, cxmmeiidtigat SeLptemtreri5tlrri6tV2nd rTthTaffordfedrnop-portunit- y have the water to perform the work: We have Officers and members of the organization from all for practical information on the subject, inhad to do the same. We have had to learn by. the several Stakes of Zion are most cordially to men from all parts of the country, who are vited to attend the morning session as there will specially, interested in experfence, and all that we have obtained in these desert laiidsior redeeming L. M. rj-- At hold be but the ojieMnieettngt the-the public good. "The remarks of Prelident Wil-for- d mountains has been by irrigation. The re are ing their Conference the same day. portions yet which have not been irrigated, and Woodruff who was invited to speak in the Zina D. II. Young, President, as one gentleman said here, if yon can make two afternoon of Wednesday the 16th, furnish such S. Jane Richards, valuable suggestions and give such historical drops of water where there was one, or two B atiisheda W. Smith, "spears of grass;y.HejfijtJher-wasonyyoii-ayj&aia P f J h .eis eUiement-ixft- h ese-v- al ley s rthe-aT- Counselors. benefactor to mankind. I say God bless you in rival of the pioneers, the building of the "Old in the means used to fertilize the your efforts. (Applause.) land, and The First General Confeience of the Younjr fort,"and are so clearly set forth, concise and to the EXTRACTS FROM PRESIDENT CANNON'S ADDRESS. will be LadiesMulual TmprdvemehVAssociatio-point t they are well worth a tha place in every held in the Assembly Hall in this City,October 7, joumal - - trX'Jook:upoa' this as one of the most auspicious the of country. 'meetings commencing at 2 o'clock p. m. and 7:30. days "to the Territory of Utah since 1S65 the President Woodruff and President is Cannon in the evening. It desirable that there be repassembling of so many representative men -- from were introduced to the all Chairthe from of Stakes Congress Zion resentatives present the various States and Territories interested in Hon. Wm. M. man, of Nevada. is Stewarf, exinvitation and a general hereby cordially ihis great qugstioa of irrigation. I think mysejjL PR ESIDNT WOODRUFF'S ADDRESS and to ail interested the to tended young people that whatever the conclusions you may arrive at, in the work of the Association.' ''Gentlemen of the-- Irrigation Congress:' I feel they are syre to be of great benefit to alFthis " Elmina S.Taylor, President. thankfu! that I have lived in the flesh country. The interchange of views, the mng-- r -Annie M. Cannon, Ass't. Sec, --.' ' in this Territory to behold the faces lonennnh of.sucb a Hag together and becoming familiar with each TER. W. S. WomaiYs Exponent. . A7 CONVENTION, ' 1' -- .semi-monthl- J -- r -- j s . " Sixty-secon- Semi-Annu- d - al ' - y . . 4 half-pric- . - . . the-who- -- - , - u semi-annu- al ; 10--41- 1, Y. g-a ; t : by-th- e . f ' - 