WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- nating. Let us admit that some of those whom vye elected two years ago have been faithful and tried to do their duty, though in a'(' minority. Undoubtedly if bur city charter put in (he hands of the Mayor the power he ought to have we should have secured ' better government. But certainly it is another cause for thanksgiving that tne oinciai term of some of those whom we elected two years ago has only sixty days more to run! Then we will lay them up on the shelf to try to put Americans in their places who will do their duty and "enforce thelaws.' -- -- dry-and. The Rev. E. E. Carr secretary of the meeting spoke eloquently and earnestly upon the subject oi the Church and the Liquor Traffic, the follow- ing is a quotation from his remarks as published in one of the City papers. ''There is too much apathy on the part of 86 is in league with the liquor traffic. Three-fourth- I sincerely hope that you wil have a goodly delegation at the Convention this year, and tha,t they may come full of ideas to impart to 6thersf-an- d in turn receive many valuable suggestions to take home which may be incorporated in your own State work. Please may I hearj from youjon all points as soon as possible. Very cordially yours, Rachel Foster Avery, Cor. Sec. P. S VeriJ.heQrciiUrswere-sent-to-the- -auxiliary associations it was expected that the Convention would be held in Washington, D. C, in February, and consequently there was not so much need of expediting the work of the branch associations, but now that the Convention is to be held in January, the Presidents "thronghout the Territory should be more expeditious, in sending in reports to the President SarahM Applause. of the piople of Utah and the s, United States vote to sustain whiskey men in office.1 Some one has said tonight that the men have whiskey f400,000,000 to fight their battles. We have the votes; they buy our votes, Tremendous appiause. It is just as respectable for a man to stand behind a bar and sell drinks to damn souls into eternal hell jis it. is. for men to vote to put them in power to sell whiskey. Ap. plause. I tell you the church is in league with the liquor traffic. Votes count, and I don't sell mine. .Some of VOU cheered and rhpprpff hpnrlilv" when Mr. Mabry resented the charge that the church was iu league with the saloon. Yes you all voted for whiskey men at the last election. The church is not in league with the liquor traffic! Oh, no! Sentiment is all right, but it must be crystalized into action. Lord deliver us from evil.' ." d: pLQjflngiedi pplause." -- Christians to ward the subject-p- j JJkeLJSUppieiSwn : ofsaloons.- - When we. as Christians, fail to do It is gratifying to learn that some protest is beour duty in endeavoring to down this monstrous ing jnad.eJ)yJliose-wr- M evil, by voice and ballot, we ally ourselves with incumbents into the City offices, against the manthe rumsellers. The church is in league with the ner of allowing the laws to be disregarded. The liquor traffic when it fails to do its. duty toward Mayor, is excused however because the City the extermination of the saloons, when its mem- - Charter does not confer him sufficient upon bers vote for whiskey-seller- s and whiskey- - authority to control, but in former there was drinkers. If we have in our power to save drunk- - neafP and.Kafptv !n tMc CXlii lineardays, tha Chnrtnv Kimbatli'NoT. -- S;ist.fesTSt;'r' . men. -- ; We have a very good object lesson in this city. I am prepared to say. that until the present men in office-fnthicity, chan.ge their. ways or are succeeded by better men, you will . : nave no laws to restrict tne selling or liquor or upholding the public morality The duty of the .church is to preach the Gospel of temperance and enforce prohibition as much as possible There are enough votes among the churches to . :.: i j : t j- r ui puimtai iuiu iiic &ctic ucbuuy cuuci way. 11 is our duty as Christians to turn them in favor of s 1'.. ' . t I well remember after suflering from a severe migrated hither, it probably will be necessary to. amend that document. At any rate it is most de sirable that some strong measures should be in troduced for the security of the people. If the saloons could go, then other evils that always foi low in their ranks would be abolished too. When there, are no saloons, vice and crime will not exist as it does today. It is commendable in ministers of religion that they not oniy-spebut take ac tion against such evils as are beginning to grow to an alarming extent- in this City one-speace ful and secure. Saints since their advent here The Latter-da- y have sought to have protection and safety for all cmzensy-anqure but how changed now, it no longer resembles the old New England villages in this respect, as was often remarked by strangers in the days gone by. It is very evident now that "Liberals" bear rule. -- attack of sickness that nervous prostration fol owed; and I felt quite sure that I' was about to he end of the race, and as soon as the gate opened I should pass through into the world of spirits. I was quite willing to go thinking I had finished my course and kept the faith and would soon see the loved ones on the other side.. But . an impression came to my mind Would it not be well to look over ray lessons, and read the Book of Mormon again while I am waiting for the gate to open? Accordingly I did so. I found it more interesting than ever, I could the goodness of our all wise Father to those who placed entire confidence in Him. To such persons wercgivcn''in$piratiOn75bme-tirae- s by visions or dreams or again like Moses who saw the burning bush, and, heard a voice saying pull off thy shoes; for the place where Hofy; Even so did Lehi. He saw a pillar of fire on a rock to attract his attention while the Lord spoke to him. He was told of the destruction of Jerusalem, and warned to leave to save himself and family. He had perfect confidence in the word of God and was blessed accordingly, in a wonderful manner. His son Nephi also was a man of great faith,and was blessed in proportion to his faith. This- - we learn in every instance that where faith abounds with an earnest desire to keep all the laws of God, great blessings attend those people. Neither are we ignorant of this as a people, when we did earnestly seek to know what was right and thejsarc jio rfail by patiently waitings the XoTd's own time; Yet He will do it in His own way, which is better than we could do it, yea and more effectual, producing a greater and better result. I noticed when the Gadianton robbers were sent out of the land; how strictly did they listen to those who presided over the land. I also noticed how greatly the people prospered. when humble - ahtl faithful in keeping the commands of God ..and earnestly seeking His aid and to such a aisiaucc. lie aiways gives wisaom ' . . - Dr. Mabry is reported as having taken issue ivu tuw . ivii Lii vaii church etc. - - ., VU UV,OUUU ; - - Ui UiW .. "He was surprised, yes astounded that a minister of the Gospel would say to the world that thercrmrchiw . traffic. He objected to such a sentiment going out from that body that the church had any such connection; he entered a vigorous protest against the assertion. The church had all it could do now to fight the world, the flesh and the devil without having to bear the. burden of being allied with liquor dealers. Because a member of the church went astray was no reason why the claim should be made that the church was wrong." 1 L Dr. Carr responded to the opposition as fol-low- s: thotf-stanctesl- rs d LETTER. OF THE UTAH W. S A. TO THE PRESIDENT prohibition." The Annual Convention of the N. A. W. S. A. Ukes places in Washington, D.Cr Jan. 17, 18, 19, and 20, 1892. Please estimate according to the enclosed Constitution the number of dele gates to which your State auxiliary is entitled. I hope that yoxi TwUl seethat your Association has its dues forwarded to the Treasurer, Mrs. Jane H. Spofford, by, January 1 5t. With dues should be sent the list of name and addresses of your auxiliaries. I will send you blanks for cre dentials as soon as. you let me know to how many delegates your Society is entitled. On this blank will also be a place for the name of your member of the Executive Committee of the N. A. W. S. A, -- '; .; -- -- -- A I enclose a copy of the proposed amendments to our Constitution so that your delegates-.-may- know what will come before them. -- ' people. : f , This kind of a people lived here in righteous Will you also see that your secretary has her ness for four, generations after the Savior had "I want to state that I am backed in what I asvisited them. For He came to this Continent after serted. by the statements of scores and hundreds. report readyto be read either by yourself-o- r who -His resurrection and taught them the sermon-o- n vention of people, who believe in placing the blame where ever represents yourSocietyat-theXo- n it belongs. When I spoke as I did I remembered May I ask that an extra copy be made and sent the mount, exactly as He taught those at Jerusathat I was speaking to an audience of Methodist to me that we may have one for advance reports lem. Here he healed the sick and blessed the ouiWiHnot-think-that littleoEres and theyspoke withlhetohgues"6f .Episcopal minister -I was just as much ashamed. of the meeting. I hope that this, is asking too much. angels and glorified God. Only think only four as8 Dr. I lift or Dr. Mabry could be, to state that -- More 4ime4han usual will be given to the busigenerations passed away until pride made its apthe church was in league with the liquor traffic. is it and much that hoped pearance, and was the first stepping stone to their ..All resolutions introduced without w ork, are wind, ness meetings this year, ' down fall. . " all wind. The Christian church, by her ballots will be accomplished. , .: like-this- ak, 1 ,' REFLECTIONS ON THE PAST. -- Promises and talk amount to nothing unless backed by action. You may talk until the hills grow dim with age but unless you act your talk is but wind, and cheap wind "at ., that. Oh. that whiskeyism would keep men from being put into office ! God forgive the man who would vote for a whiskey-selle- r in the name of decency, in the name of morality, in the name of reformyet such a thing has been done, and done here in Salt Lake CityC We .have. got to bedn scratching tickets. ,We can never get temperance and re- - . -- 1 -y- , f 