woman's exponent; 140 TTT Exi ONE NT. WOMAi J'S EMAfELAE Editor, D. WELLS, Published semi-monthl- - J ; Itl Mailer. Entered at the I. Second Cxass Salt Salt Lake City Utah. Office . in Salt Lake City, Utah, as March Lake City, 15, GENERAL CONFERENCE. annual conference of the Church The Sixty-firSaints- - will comof Jesus Christ of Latter-damence at 10 o'clock on Saturday morning, April 4, 189J, fn the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City. All officers and members are cordially invited to be J present at the meetings. y '. Wilford-Woodruff- : : o. ot-da- ys,. ak at st ',, argument so often brought forward by opponents of woman suffrage that it would unfit young women for' wives aDd mothers. iMiss Foster was very young when she commenced to take an active part in the woman's movement, and she is just as lovfng.as tender and as lovable, as though she had never stepped outside the home circle. Miss Mary F. Eastman is onepf the great lights of the woman's movement. She has perhaps the clearest method of expressing her ideas-ispeaking extemporaneously of any woman on the that is saying a great deal, for these platform women, are. exceptionally clear beaded as well as "L .v.." brilliant.;'"'"'.. Mrs. Lyde Merri weather, with her; decidedly Southern style and accent, was one of the most pleasing and attractive speakers; like many pf and almost w h i te ; -- the others, her.hair was very-gra- yr America's broad land. her speech was the most humorous and to many of othersr the most fascinating of alli,sheJojd.th'e-jnost- n on and-speBut we "Lro cy 'S to n e"vasth erer S he waso h e 6TlhlTn"rsT serious things in a way to make them ' attractive who became identified with the earliest of the and created more real merriment than any other She for woman's conflict in the crusaders rights. lady. She is fluent and mellifluous and has a is of a motherly type, and yet she stands some--whhappy method of making people" swallow ."bitter made She of woman family. alone,though a pills." She gave great truths in an effervescence the' was known herself a name that that people drank in from her charming lips and throughout not y did in and land the commotion, voice, as they bubbled forth from the well filled and in her union, chalice beneath, which yet marriage, change, it even lasting Their one. a most is with MrBlackwell eVen who those happy istened, upon though taken in sparkling atoms. daughter, Alice Stone Blackwell, bids fair to. become as famous is her mothers-Sh-e At a Convention like this, one sees and hears work the in active considerable celebrity so much that is good, and strong, lofty and exis of. one the of suffrage ; and brightest certainly hilarating that it is difficult to select for a short V" ; ., article the very best, because in fact it is all good, lights. the of noted most Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, one betterbest, and who is to decide which is the both the women in America, was also present at highest and truest and noblest, out of so much Council and the that superlative Rev. Anna H. Shaw, amor.g President of the Association for the Advancethe ministers who .were present should be menment of Women, that holds its Congress each tioned separately if any. one of thera, because of year in some one of the large cities of the world; her great helpfulness throughout the entire week. In 1889 this Congress met in Denver, Colorado. She possesses indomitable energy and great vigor Mrs. Howe is a very talented writer and a reof mind and body; and not only has the courage markable woman for her age in many respects. of her convictions, but is able to present her She travels about oyer the country as many young ideas and views as vigorously and as ingenuously women would think they could , not; and id as janyloMai .male- - persua-- . wo an active itflt"detng sion couia possioiy do witn ntty years practice others, who have not had the advantages and exMiss Floresce Belgarnie, of London attracted," . perience which has made her life so full and and deservedly, great attention at both the Coun- " complete, cil and Convention, and she was indeed a pleasMrs. May Wright Sewall is advancing7 very" ing representative of the great Mother Country. rapidly, and her talents and executive ability are, Miss Belgarnie was a Delegate to the Woman's appreciated in the great Councils of these par National Council from the British Women's ticularly bright women that come together once aj Temperance Association," "The Women's Liberal year in VVashington. At the last executive meetFederation," and other woman's organizations ing of the Woman's National Council she vvas In the' N. A. W. S. A. Convention she spoke elected the President for the next term, which ns upon tne "Status of Vomen in EBgland." She is a very great honor, and will give her a more and spirited speaker and puts her national a reputation ; although she r has held -- ajrery eloquent - with soul inter herworktshe-overflQvivacity various otherpositions;"she"was"ib71ew years ind is powerfully in earnest. not," could ..England Chairman-o- f we think, have made a wiser choice. Miss National Woman Suffrage Association and Cor, Belgarnie expects to lecture in several large cities Sec'y. of the Woman's National Council from in the United States before returning to'England. . the date of its organization to the time of her She has come very highly recommended by in- election as its President. ; fluential people, as welt as Societies, she jyought Therejwere so many btheribright stars- shining-ia letter of introduction: to Hon. John: V. Young woman's firmament, if one can be allowed to of our city, from a Member of Parliament. She use that expression in that itTis speaks up bravely for the working Women. impossible to do justice to the bject, but we Miss Belgarnie read a Memorial of Greeting may mention thenames of a" few, Ella Deitz from the women of Great Britain and" Scotland, Clymer, the former President of Sorosis, is a addressed to the -- womeir o Wyominig: The supeib young woman; Annie Nathan Meyers, Memorial was sent to Representative Baker in writer- and author as well as public speaker, the House, and Senator Blair in the Seriated It is a dainty little specimen.as is also Lelia Michell rea'ds as follows: who represented the Jfxga2inrpPetryhow. 7 'r: .'...,''7' ever she comes m among the Press women Who " We,the tmdersigned, women of Great Britain, wflpbe? written up in another article in this representing the" societies named belpw, desire number of the paper. , to send, by our appointed delegate, Miss Florence Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery is not a only very - Belgarnie,! our cordial congratulations to- the efficient young woman, but is deto women of Wyoming on the triumph they have' beginning the mother element in a marked degreeJ velop won for ail women in all the w orld by Ihe emanShe had her children with her, and one could' cipation of the women of that State from political asily..e-ivbal was-pr- or-a:;devote4 mother she ".serfdom; T" : 1. : ie xo oe; and this fact disproves the ing nerseii uVe believe that the status of the women of;a must-haste- 1891. ' nt pre-emine- , " -- a In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one one copy six months," 60 eta. No year, Jl.oo, recopy or clubs. City papers dellverd "by mail, redaction made extra for postage one year, 25 cts. 'Advertising rates:' Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one trae, f2.50; per nuth. 53.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. Exponent oEce,fNo. 23 E., South Temple Streetsecond from 10 k.m f ate east of Deserct News Office. Business hours . 10 5 p.a. every day, except Sunday. "".7; to Address all basing communications PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, . certain lead, or represent a class or kind, but aside from these Miss Anthony stands out alone,-figure representative, and although a leader, in no sense of the word a. copyist. Never could there be one more pronounced as distinctive from ': all others. It is seldom one sees such an unassuming, yet queenly woman as Miss Anthony!4 Without having had the maternal development1 that adds to womanhood stars in its crown of. among the women glory, she stands, of her race and time, for the valuable service she has rendered to those who were and are adding stars to the crown of motherhood. And so we say Susan B. Anthony is the mother of mothers.! She has had a greater work to do than many who, have borne both sons and daughters, and we pay her Feverence and honor, and desire for her length; Anti-Slaver- im-pres- may-make- -a sion 1 , '. george q. cannon,- Joseph F. Smith, First Presidency. .; RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. Mrs.-Howe- -is the-Gonventi- on. "rTheecond annual conference of the Relief Society will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly 18m' Hall ,7 In on Tuesdav. Amil ritv 7. . ... this I 7 ' J t 17 m. will o'clock commence a. and at'io Meetings . vj The officers and members of the Relief Soc'ety -- are cordially invited to attend the Conference. It is jexp tcttd lha t abl elreores e n tali vesom 7 each State organization will be present and rnake brief reports of the methods of work ana, results ,.; achieved. ; H. Zina p. . . . Young, President. jane b. kichards, , : ; . liATJlSHEBA VV. bMITII, Counselors. E. B. Wells, Cor. Sec. J REPRESENTATIVE WOMEN OF THE CONVENTION. . N ws editorial the Woman's- National Council was the principal subjectnow it must be the Woman's Suffrage Convention,which was also held at Albaugh's Opera Ho'userMiss Susan B. Anthony in the chair; and she 'is, in the estimation of many 'The grandest Roman of them., all. V. She read Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton's speech, which, had been prepared for the occasion, as the lady herself is in Europe, and sle did it as she does everything, with dignity, and originality, for she excels in being her own true self. -- She ha no imitation, and though she read Mrs. Stanton's speech, and lead it well, she was Susan B. Anthony through' it all, most empbatically.and not MrsVStanton, or any body else. II er success m a' great measure is due to her 7.,la.-thelas- t -- : J - , ' . . ' - iivi vupj uit uduucis iipr adopt wx.u, the style of either of the other great leaders of the suffrage movement. She is as distinctive in this respect as if she belonged to another era in the emancipation of womankind. - racrvemenTafcd"lKefe n this-conriecti- ; One finds many types of women in this great -- ' : , - -S- ... -- -r- 