I J W OMAN'S .EXPONENT. MY LOVE. Just a token of affection Which we hope will please you well, And awake sweet recollections When its lines your hejt shall swell.".' , BY CLARA M. SAUNDERS. "V How do I lore you? So well that your voice, Tendej-laccented, makes me rejoice; Causes a dark, dreary day to look bright; Floods all my being with waves of delight. ' We your gentle spirit grieve. Or with thoughtless words or actions, We would ask you to forgive; How do I love you? So well that your face, Thoughtful, and earnest, and cahn, has a place Down "? depths, dearest one, of my heart, Plainly engraven, to never depart. ' Love you io fondly, so truly, so deep, That a cold word makes me tremble and weep, Love you so well that I see not your guile, Basking content, in the light of your smile. "r."7. ' JOTTINGS. Editor Exponent: : That have set such grand examples For we, little folks as you, For we know you have had trials, ::rz- - Drank from sorrow's bitter cup, Oh may we have strength to clamber The rugged path' you've traveled up. Seeing in your last issue that the first of June was to be celebrated as "children's day," I thought it would not be amiss to write a few lines on the subject. a3 we did not have any May celebration; the officers of the 1 . L. M. I. Association concluded it would be good to - : you so much that, if fallen q'lite low, Swift to your side I woujd hasten and go, Striving to raise you again to the height Where you were noble and grand in my sight. . . How do I love you? Our Father above Only can measure the depth of my love; Only His wisdom can e'er comprehend What are my feelings toward you, oh I my friend. . the Exponent: it be our lot to meet you Sometime in that sunny land, May we so live by your teachings We may swell the heavenly band; Joy indeed shall crown your efforts, Mutual joy fpr us 'twill be; Should you meet beyond death's portals Members of the Primary. ' ' , our Father guard and keep you, And your life may He prolong Marly years to teach true wisdom To thef glad primary throng; And when your earthly work is finished. And your Father calls you home . To rejoin your honored husband And to spare with him his throne-M- ay .7-M- ' "Love celebratethe birthday ofPro!i(len t Brigham -;Z: which we carried out accordingly, and we had a very pleasant time. A short 1 I am thinking tonight of the future. Of a time that will soon be our own, When the trials of life shall have ended And we'll live in God's sunlight alone. . ' : Composed and read by Rufti M. Fox. March 26th, 1891 , - " ' UNIVERSITY OF DESERET. " r- And I think how we'll look upon earth-life- , Its sickness, its troubles, its cares, Thanking God if its aim were successful That we fell not within its deep snares. ' . .. Will we weep that in sadness we bore them, Our darlings, our innocent lambs, With a world full of darkness before them To be grasped by their dear, trusting hands? Oh how with devoutest emotion. Will we thank the great Father of Love, . If united with us in devotion, We may clasp our dear children above. - .... . Father grant that Thy glory and goodness May dwell in their hearts to the end, ; Let Thy grace and Thy care be sufficient, Let Thy spirit be ever their Friend. ... 3 T Deseret for 1891 92 shows that the institution The building is now more complete and commodious than at any other time in the past, and the separate large and handsome structure on the same grounds for the instruction of deaf mutes, gives much larger "opportunity to that class of students, to v? horn special attention is being paid, not only in studies, common .and higher branches, but in industrial pursuits likewise,suitable for both boys and girls. ihe Territorial Jbair 01 1890 awarded a diploma to the department of display of woodwork by the biya, and a silver medal for the sewing and fancy work done by the girls. The Umyexsity itself was established early in the history of this TerritoryFeb. T80O, less than three years after the arrival of j.he pioneers. The. first meeting of the Board of Regents was on the 13th of March, 1850 presided over by Chancellor Orson Spencer. The names of the Faculty, Instructors, and Officers represent men of ability, superior inSuence and are a guarantee for the excellence of the institution in all its departments. Dr. John R. Park, the President, has been connected with the University for a great number of years, and under his management it has progressed wonderfully, ejpecially considering the financial struggles it has gone through. There is not we believe a better school ofits kind West of the Rocky Mountains. From the Normal; department it has sent out its teachers year- - after year to all parts of the Territory. The very best teachers of languages are always employed, as also m music,the law, . military science, and tactics, etc. The Museum 13 a valuable acquisition and is well supplied for practical school purposes and studies. in the sciences. The Library and Readingrodm is another important feature o . r" And as life, with its struggles advances, ,, Oh, strengthen their hearts for the fray7 May Thy spirit which all good enhances- Give them strength and desire for their day! u; 7 v ..'" Ruby Lamont. $ LINES. ' . tions frmheiounta isat-presen- frni How with sorrow we'll look upon weakness, How regretfully think upon wrong, How with gladness we'll jview acts of meekness And know how by pain we grew strong. Oh. how lovely will then be that future, That day of bright sunlight alone. When united, in God's happy kingdom, We call the Eternal bur own. much since coming out to the new country. It is quite a change from being in Provo but Spirit of tli e.Lord : where ver e JJL?PJ we are. With kind regards ta all the Sisters, I remain your sister in the Gospel. 9J-th- . v Minnie. 1. Jones. Spring Glen, near Price, June 8th, 1891. MISCELLANEOUS Happiness is like the statufsjjf Isis, whese vail no mortal ever raised.- - Landon. " The lightsomecou ntena nee of a - fri en d giveth such an inward decking to the house where It lodgeth as cause to envy the gilding. sociation. ,, Best of love and kindly greeting v !' v , r'l::...: ' -- Sir P. Sidney. One principal point of good breeding is to suit our behavior to the three several degrees of menour superiors, ourequals, andihosc. below us. Swift. -- There is in some houses an unconscious atmosphere of domestic and social ozone which ; b r igh tesjey ery b)dy;wealtli ca n not" gi ve i tT nor can poverty take it away. -- Mm Muloch.' True generosity does not consist in : obeying in following every impulse of humanity, blind passion for our guide, and impairing our circumstances by present benefactions so as to render us in capable of future ones. Goldsmith. , Written to Sister Mary E. Kimball, on the presentation of Whitney's Poems by the Fourteenth Ward Primary As- We the primary children bring V To our venerated sister, , Also: this, our offering; - ns When around us will be all the glory c We've dreamed of and prayed for so long, And within us will live all the gladness " .That aj!s upon God's' holy throng;-"'-- oung, programme was rendered, then dancing, and ice cream was served which a couple of the young ladies made themselves, while others prepared the cake. t I think the children all enjoyed the day as well as the older oues. We also have a Relief Society here which, is in good working order. We have no poor amongst us, but we are not idle. It is not long since we had a call made by the Stake, Pres. for offerings to the Deseret Hospitalwhich was promptly responded to by the liberal donations of bedding and other useful and needed articles. We are very scattered for, a distance of three miles along Price River, at the north end - of Castle Valley; but we are not cut off from the outside world entirely, for the railway-traipass by our very doors several times the day. "y through " Hoping the time is not far distant when 'some of the Sisters" fro nTT head uarters will pay m a visit, that we may receive instruc : . A MOTHER'S WISH. 7 !., "And we'll thank Him for His blessings, For such teachers, good and true, Feeling that ever your pain is my pain, Your loss is my loss, and your gain my gain.i- - . We appreciate your kindness T AH your counsels fain would keep, And we'll ask ourGod to bless you In our prayer-befor- e we steep. - How do I love you? So well that my soul Bows to the mandate of lovers sweet control. For the school. There are nearly ten thousand volumes of standard and miscellaneous books, and the reading room has regularly more than seventy newspapers and periodicals. In looking over the Annual there seems to be nothing lacking; there is an art gallery, chemical laboratory, in short everything desirable, and a credit as a seat of learning that any State might bo proud to own. If at any time with rudeness y - 187 I find the great thing in this world is not so 'much where we stand as in what direction we are moving. To reach the port of heaven we mnst sail sometimes with, the wind and sometimes against it; but we must sail and not drift, nor lie at unch or. Oliver Wendell Holmes. : . - :: ; :r" ' ;': " . 