W OM A N those who had spoken. Said he- - had been interested in what bad been gisters felt weak they were able to say something to edify and encourage. Wished to encourage the sisters to speak their ideas freely and cultivate the gift of speaking, for as a natural, consequence th e gi ft wou ldlbeim-parteto their offspring. . The Relief Society is a3 a normal school for the sisters and every mother should be 'a live active member of the association. Advised the officers to attend the . general conference and mingle with the heads of the different organizations. The general and stake' officers of the Relief Society were then sustained. Coun. Martha Hammond said there had . been some talk of not holding conference" because of the absence of the President and -- other- wards - but was gladr: that coufereuce had been held and knew that we bad obtained a blessing. , Tho conference was adjourned for three months,'chofrsang'Come- - O - thou- - kingof said.-Although--the: d S EX P ONENT, 16. Once more my soul theorising day," .prayer by Bishop Oplynop, singing, "Let those who would be saints indeed" followed by the re- I'maining reports. Coun. Hatch said we should try to teach our cniidren in the way they should go and the and-wof e virtue follow path never should speak evil of each otherut rather feel to encourage each other, and we should as wives and mothers be kind at home that our children , CUl 111. - Brother if they have their first love tell them of the joy and peace that dwells in the. hearts of those who live up to their privileges and in blessing others you will be blessed; we prolosf. fess to be paints! what a highland holy call- ing! "we are looking forth to the time when we shall become heirs of God and joint heirs with Jesus Christ; The Garden ot Eden was in Jackson County Mo.' when Adam and Eve were driven out they went North. I have seen with my natural eyes the Altar on which Adam offere- d- his first sacrifice, where he blessed his children, and there is where we shall meet the Savior face to. face. The. celcdinl law must be kept by those who go therp. and nn nno nun cm tliprp. xvhn 1ap rinf keen t.hft wnrd nf wisflnm nr in jiiiv wnv iin. prepared Tor the society of God and the holy these""2 are""" not visionary ideas, .but angel-?- ; iciinncs. j.uere. are mauy oi me sisters whose-labo- rs are not. known beyond.-the- ir own dwellings and perhaps not appreciated there, but" what difference does that make? if your labors are acceptable to God, however simple the duties, if faithfully performed, you should never be discouraged. The duties of this society cannot be defined, those who will not swerve from their duty are to become savlnra on fnnnf r.nn CcA i'a !rb-In."ilrtm.. upon you, the angels are recording your secret acts; and while you are here acting, you are not expected to neglect your iarnily duties. You will feel so much better by attending to these things, that you will gain time, and if you are united In your efforts you will have - the blessing of God wheu.you meet; in attending to these duties be careful that you bring no reproach on the societj. Our brethren are to be kings,' are we (jualihed for the positions jof 5ne"eh'?X'eT'uTpVay daily, and try to become more refined and womanly and bring up our children to be polite and. refined, that they James Hacking, said, the sisters remarks here have caused me to reflect .upon many things; I feel to endorse what has been said, there has been great improvement made in many ways in the different associations in the Churchy We often when we - meet speakofou r child renfwenare very anxious" for their welfare, we . shoultL. try to instil into their young minds good principles; the principlesof virtue, Jionesty and truth; I think the labors of the sisters in the Relief Society Benediction kiDgs." by Brother 'Samuel result in a great deal of good. . Wood. . Brother R. S. Collett thought we ought to ;, Annie M. Lyman, Sec, pro tern. have a good time we had come a long wayin the mud; spoke of the difference in peoples' dispositions, spoke very encouragingly to: the UINTAU STAKE. sisters told them they should always have their Sixth conference of the Relief Society of children blessed while young, as that blessing Uintah Stake of Zion convened in . the Ashlp.v would follow" them: spoke quite lenfthv on President meeting house, March 2, 1891. different subjects which were very interesting. Sarah Pope presiding. Singing "Guide us O Sister Freestone thought we should send our "thou great Jehovah;" prayer by Pres. Samuel children to the Primary meetings and Sunday R. Bennion; singing "Come, come ye saints." Schools that they may grow up to be useful Minutes of previous conference read and apmen and women on the earth; counseled the proved. PresPope spoke of the bad roads sisters to beware of pride for it As not righi to and ways some" had to come, said "wfc have be proud nor yet to uphold our; children in visited the different wards since our last conbeing proud, hoped sjie would be able to hold ference and found the most of the sisters tryout faithful to the end. ing todo as. well jas they can considejring the Prefc Sarah-Pop- e? made a fdw losing re are but disadvantages they marks and conference adjourned until the first laboring under, nevertheless we must try and do all we can in beptember. feung, "Jbb the Gentile for the needy, we must not forget the aged, the Monday is chjiin-broken;f H. Gardner. .Joseph society gives, us a chance to improve our minds have stepped behind the veil, Addie Longiiurst, Sec. and qualify ourselves to fill important posiand their "children are left here and we must tions. look after them; sisters we must look after our In Societv President Youner nurnoses to pet SPEECH BY E. R. SNOW. children and do the best we can with" them ! up classes for the sisters similar to thersnhnnl 7 .while they are under our care, it is an old say- j of the prophets; some sisters will not move for- of Relief ui. it. me me Society, Eighth meeting is ucui Sugar iree tijrti-inig iwig ward oecause wish to go hand in hand but this is not always the case, some House Ward, at the residence of A. C. Pyper with the world;they we should improve our talents times children are taught good principles at July 29th, 1868, S. E. Angel 1, Secretary. for the time will come w h e n every faithful Opened by singing; PrayerbyMrs. Ann S. man and woman will go forth like Adam and ' Clark. Miss Eliza R. Snow being present by Eve, different from what they have been taught. T i. i invitation, addressed the sisters as follow: us iJieep iV me cuuiuiHuumeuia uif uruu wmie This should find work for the poor "We have met in the capacity of a Relief take no Society we are here on the earth so that we shali be imposition, but let those who are able prepared to die, for when we are prepared to Society. v I consider this a matter of great imsustain themselves; if we are called to suffer live we are prepared to die, and when we are portance. A Society of this kind has always affliction,; God will sanctify it to us for our. prepared to die we are prepared to live. I existed whenever the priesthood has been good, if we want to be superfine flour we must upon the earth, and tha allusion of the Apostle "ivo samg vjou uiesa my sisters mis morn stand still and let the mill roll on. He can to the Elect Lady as recorded in the New overrule all things for our good; it is necessary us is my prayer, Amen. , Testament, means the one who presided over for us to taste afllictiou, that we may learn, to each Society in his day. Miss bnow saia sne appreciate the Reports were read from four different blesaihgs of our Heavenly had brought with her the original minutes of bather, if we have orancne3 ot the '.Keliei bociety; alter wnien not as much of this spirit . . "T .1 i . ac ,i . snr.iRr.v r.no or Sister Sarah Coltron gave toe sisters some inefirinfr or r.nR iauvuu ettnoke-i- n gan zed by the Prophet J oseph " S ra ith fro ra of our religion briners peace: imnrove vour SQoajmstruMmns Sister-flwhich she read a few extracts; she said beudt terestingly to the sisters. temporal affairs, endeavor to' make home wants of the remember that over but zealous, sisters Freestone the Bishop happy, keep your chjWrenjfrom vicious gave and asked the Lord to bless them in the poor -i- n- spirit are to he deplored more while the of duties The the wants their labors. of the body," than do hot neglect to adorn their minds with those ; members of thi3 Society are extensive, our principles which will tend to elevate and Sister R. Remington was more accustomed to speaking to the be led off, it is necessary ehoble them, and prepare them for. future young ladies hut felt to ,.mind3 are liable to bear her testimony to the truth of this work that we meet together often to stir up our usefulness in the. kingdom of our God. and asked the Lord to bless all the associa minds to diligence; this organization giyes us Benediction by E. R. Snow. w mere a hot meet to tions in; "His church and kingdom.'." Sister an opportunity Iegally,it but rrlr-- e Ira nrr sacml a UaksIVn a nl a wA t n n mhirp( holy duty, under' the plaything with the Latter-dadirection of your Bishop, do not run to him PRIMARY FAIR saints, spoke of the differAND CONFERENCE. ence between our circumstances now and when with every trifle. Those called to be teachers we came ought to be filled with the Holy Ghost that here, how much more comfortable BLUFF, SAN JUAN CO., UTAH. we are at than we were at that tjme; when they enter a house they will know by the present asked th T Holy Ghost M spirit who in thati house has avtheVtlrlr Dear Editor: fill J o ru HUd WnO nS UOl, SUXiie may vuiud. Meeting adjourned until 2 p. m.; singing, Thinking that a" few lines abhut anr PrJ. : . ' k. T ' be but not when you visit do abrupt, apply mary would be interesting to you and the v ica, aran -- ; to-da- y . . ... f i . : -- i tfrese-cbildr- en t.:',"v:i vv : i3Tm-cline- d, ' - j-r- ci - c : . i. A 1 ol good'-couns- el com-"panyran- d. -- S-L-:-- --.!- .' : v--t y 1 1 "I - rope.. Ctriojonsesi&iipea ' , imdersf the ExpONENTrIwifI irfWulV 