WOxMAN'S EXPONENT. 13 We must believe as we can I may oot believe, son paid some bright tributes' to the. noble"char-acte- r as" my 'friend who sits here, but he may be as of Apostle Snow while relating experiences honest as I am. We cannot believe just what we shared together when confined in the Utah PenU want to, and to punish a man because he roes not; tentiaryMor conscience saker f believe Just as we do is tyranny and oppression. The very sweet singing of Mr. and Mrs. Wm: Great applause. Jenson, Mrs. H.-J- . Snow, Ettie Madsen and the In1 bygone ages despotic governments at- excellent instrumental selections by Miss Amelia to invade the sacred domain human of ttmpted Ghrael. Maye Taylor and Miss Aggie Campbell, conscience, and in their attempts they have completed a highly intellectual entertainment, reddened the path of the human race with the after which an elegant repast suited to the sea-so- a blood of brave men. Political parties may be with a bountiful supply of strawberries, was organized with respect to actions and conduct, enjoyed with lively social conversation. A combut not merely for the purpose of suppressing plimentary serenade by the Brigham City band human thoughts and convictions. - was tendered the respected entertainers at their We cannot organize political parties with reseparate places of abode', and altogether the new spect to churches in this land my friend says social venture was a success to be long rethere are one hundred and forty of them; I pre membered with pleasure by those participating. sume he has not got them. all. Governments L.T.F. must be liberal 'enough to tolerate all religions- We must not fetter the mind and conscience of INTERESTING VISIT TO THE PRIMARY man such proscription dwarfs the mind and .be ., ASSOCIATIONS OF CACHE STAKES littles the .conscience. I did cot rise to make a - where ever present, but by actual count there were 550 boys at the various meetings; we were anxious to learq by what means this was accomplished, and concluded that it was flue largely to the of parents, and the loving tact of the officers that make the boys feel themselves L an actual necessity. : ' :. - 4QEtiipechnIytocaIl to which all Monday we visited beautiful Hyruni. The Conference was held .there in two meetings, comprising Millville, Paradise and Farmers Branch, with 112 boys at the morning session and an excellent programme; the manuscript paper was a little gem and the recitations were particularly good. Tuesday, we reached Mendon and held two meetings. The programme was rendered by the children of Mendon, Wellsville not represented,-an- d Petersboro.The latter is a farming district containing only 12 families scattered miles- apart, yet the class exercises on Church history and. good manners were among the best; it is a matter of surprise how these children areJughttogether -- and Taught to speak and sing in such harmony. In Mendon we were attracted by the number of children able to play on the organ, and their correct singing was quite praisworthy. Wednesday we attended the Smithfield Conference which included Hyde Park, and Benson Wards, the latter absent and the Smithfield schools being in session, the large morning meet, was composed mostly of Hyde Park people. In the afternoon Smithfield was well represented and throughput the day the exercises made a de lightful entertainment, the singing being especially good. The weather so far had been raosF favorable, but Thursday morning Richmond was favored with a heavy shower which, though ceasing just before the meeting hour we feared would detain many at home, but to our surprise the large meeting house was well filled and in the afternoon - , Accepting the duty of visiting the Primary District Conferences 6 in number, of the above named Stake in place of Pres. Louie B. Felt of the Central Board who was prevented from filling the engagement previously made with Stake Pres. Jane E.Molen.we arrived in Logan June 13,1891, 7 time to attend the afternoon session of the Logan district conference held in the 4thWard. meeting house owing to the Tabernacle undergoing repairs. comprising the 7 wards of that place, also ProviCHARACTER RECEPTION.. dence and Greenville; the house was crowded with parents and children encouraged by the A delightful literary and social entertainment presence and teaching of Stake Pres. Orsen was given by Apostle Lorenzo and Mrs. Minnie Smith and Coun. Isaac Smith." The programme was well rendered by the child J. Snow, at their residence in Brigham City, on their-20tthe occasion of ren in clear, distinct tones, natural emphasisfand wedding anniversary, where required, with . true dramatic effect. We June 12th T891. , The house was wreathed in vines and roses would love to mention many exercises worthy of r&wded.Jre. me.JwiDdred. and with the artistic skill for which the. iiosiess JXspecM Doti'Cje. 4u;,.as.upwarcls place and were gratified beyqnd anticipation. an woriuy . in praise were reimereu noiea, creating a cnarming eriect. I he scene was tweniy-nvone of refinement and beauty ; the pleasure of the- during our visit, it would be impossible to make The stands were tastefully draped with festoons of ts ariisti distinctions,so we will only noje sf.me of the items jeye rgreji n sji company was marred only by the asetice,through cally arranged. Here, places of business are lor tne"Deneut 01 oiuer woikcis. insieau 01 Homclosed and the people give their undivided atten-tio- n ing one general Stake Conference where,owingto pie, of the hon.ored. Groom; but a slight recomto the Primary Annual Conference whicli pense was afforded in a beautiful and touching distance, lack of teams etc., it is utterly impossible must secure success. conjoint address ot welcome in verse from Brother for hundreds of the little ones to attend, Pres. Lewiston and Cove Ville are here represented Molen has very wisely organized district confer and Sister Snow read by their little daughter and the programme was full of interesting variety ences including three or four branches changing Mabel, this being the 'first exercise on the deli2 or 3 selections of local interest composed by the each guest the conference each year so that all may share cately pripted programmes presented ' alike in the benefit and pleasures. These Annual Richmond poetess was a pleasing feature, the as a souvenir. , The unique design of the entertainment re- .Conferences are faithfully visited by the Stake choir flourishes under a young lady organist and and a Christmas carol, with bell accomquired each guest to assume the character of Presidency Jane E. Molen, Mattie B. Hansen and leader, " some noted Emma Pike, and the occasion made one ot paniment by 7 girls in white dresses and wreaths person, author, actor, singer, musician was enchanting. We had asked for mouth organ statesman, etc., according to ability, and present especial interest by. presiding authorities and solos in all places, but was only favored by one some favorite production of the character perparents and children turning out en masse to sus tain and encourage the Primary cause. Besides little boy, butjhere to our delight 3 girls gave a sonated. This Character-personagwas intro' very good solo on this handy little instrument A duced by name and title and "any failure to attending these, 'all annual meetings, entertain blind Jbqy fromJLe -ments, fairs, etc., are promptly visited, by one or properly address during th solo. We saw the picture of the former Primary punishable with a forfeit, which is always apt to more of the Stake officers and the energy, enter cause considerable merriment. Mrs. M. j. Snow prize and persistence of these devoted workers are. band in full uniform, but they have all passed into ,t r r i sustained the character Felicia Hemans. She was every where manliest in me advancement or tne the senior class, and we hope others will take attired in a charming costume" of black velvet children.- Quarterly officers' meetings are also their places. Fida"y we were ready to attend Conference in and cream lace, and sang the author'sljmmijrial heldjn Logan,- where methods are devised, plans "The Captive Knight" to which Sir Walter Scott discussed, mistakes corrected, reports given, and - the little town of people would come from, to fill the house, but all business transacted, but above all wheie "never tired of listening. Mr. A. II. Snow, apboth meetings were crowded and chairs borrowed peared as "Bret Harte" and gave a fine rendition strength and courage are imparted from a perfect to give seats to all. Clarkstn belongs tt this of John Burns of Gettysburg.' Mrs. Lillie 'understanding of each other, and love and con district and here as elsewhere they "were up to fidence engendered by such frequent association, ;Snow so well qualified to represent the beautiful the times" full of energy and good works as and interesting Mrs. Cleveland, read one of that that duty becomes closely allied with pleasure. shown by the creditable work represented by the Com plying with the wi shes of Apostle Moses, lady's favorite poems "No sects in heaven;" Mrs. children: this being the first conference since the rLilTie "The Thatcher and Sister Zina D. Young, staunch friends to the Primary work, all officers and those death of their former Pres., Sister Bessie Griffin. Disappointed" one of that lady's sweetest poems. A touching exibition of the love she had- woFwasf'"1 An address 'iThe sunsh i n e 0 f Jjfe: d elivered f. taking part given in tears and signs of, loving remembrance the service's; the advantages of this custom J. F. Moench - of Ogden recalling the at mention of her name. pleasant reminiscences of over twenty years should beconsidered by all. In this place our labors ended. Though bezun The children accept the minutes in concert and friendship was a bright gem, and his gifted wife favored the company with' a tender little poem the boys are,xrequired to take their proper place, by bearing up the cross in fear, they ended with suited to the occasion. A recitation "The new at the head and lead out on the programmes.; It an outpouring of God's blessing upon those who Church Organ," by Mrs. Mattie Home Tingeyj was with much astonishment that .we beheld so labor for His cause striving to turn the hearts of created ripples of laughter. Pres. Rudger Claw- - many boys attending meeting the girls are every- - His children to Him in sincere love and reverent ciple parties that ought to exist should conform. I call attention td the prin ciple because I think there is a disposition on the part of some people to violate it. J believe that the Republican and Democratic parties in this Territory should present their principles to the people and invite them to unite according to their convictions. . 4 . . , e, -- JtMAJStM - . in-tere- st . , - e . a 1 . . ' - - . rfr Nevton)-andw6iuleVfiT.wK- . FrezeTas-EilaVeelervVilcox.ga- . ve trjr-Pro- . . 