woman's exponent; 172 Woman's Exponent. EMMRUNE,. B. WELLS, ' " Editor, Published y, In Salt City, Utah Terras: gne copy one year. 1 1.00: one codv six months. 50 cti. No reduction roado for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 ct Ad vertki Derate: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one time, 12.50; per month. $3.00. A liberal discount to regular ad vertlaers. ExroNEXT office,pNo. 25 E., South Temple Street.seeond gate east of Descret News Office. Business hours from 10 a.m to 5 p.irL every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to semi-mont- hl ....' PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt La kb City. Utah. . Entered at the Po.it Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second (Jast Matter. Salt. Lake May City, 15, 1 891. THE MUSICAL FESTIVAL. Salt Lake City has already become somewhat famous as a musical centre in the West, partly on account of its great organ, and immense choir, and one might believe the rich natural voices of the boys and girls born in this mountain region. That climate and conditions of country have much to do with voices as well as temperaments the writer firmly believes, but be this as it may, the Latter-daSaints are a musical people and the cultivation of talent has been greatly encouraged by those who have had influence and ability in this direction. The writer well remembers in the time of the exodus from Nauvoo when journeying through Iowa, the Nauvoo band, and singers, were such -- an attraction that they were asked to hold concerts in the little new towns through which the Pilgrims passed on their.way. Evan Stephens the present leader of the choir and President cf thef Choral Society, is ''ateuiicat'' genius, both in teaching and in leading a great nnmber of voices. Gifted beyond the multitude y "he is 'able'--tob- voices and train them to follow his lead. He is not only a fine interpreter of other men's compo sitions or nign quality ana power, but is also a composer of considerable merit. His talent in composition has been acknowledged by men of experience in the musical world. Utah is fortunate in having such a rare genius ana one wno nas.so jnany other admirable qualities of character that make him so useful in bringing but the latent : talent of others He has labored incessantly here to develop locaj talent, and has succeeded in accomplishing very favorable results, if he has not wrought "but his! ardent anticipations. Last year the musical-eon-cegiven in the large Tabernacle in this City, was composed. entirelyLibf of difficult, classical music exceeded .the expectations of those who knew how short a time had been spent in training the singers. This coming month, June,will witness an event rt local-4alentpa- nd the-render- BOOK NOTICES. talent. developed here at home; the Tabernacle choir when rendering a grand inspirational ANNA ELLA CARROLL. anthem, or even hymn, lift the congregation to sublimest heights of emotional solemnity. We have just received the work entitled ''A For the expression of those deeper feelings of the human soul where language' utterly fails' Military Genius" "Life of Anna Ella Carroll of music is the only perfect interpreter. The apMaryland, by Sarah Ellen Blackwell. It is a book of 168 pages,in nine chapters. neatly preciation of this divine art will be found in the crowded audiences that assemble on the rare bound, and co'ntains a steel engraving of Miss Carroll when a y&ung girl, a striking face, and such as the coming June Festival. The displaying a beautiful neck and arms, being taken people from all the country round about Will avail in trje low neck and short sleeves, the fashion of themselves of this grand opportunity to hear the the period, also the picture of Kingston Hall at rendering of choice selections by celebrated Rohoboth Maryland where" she was born,, an- dartists, and home talent. The building itself is a great advantage and then'the organ second to portraits of Thomas H. Scott and Benjamin F. none in this country, adds wonderfully to the? 'Wade. This lady now quite in years, having been effect of the whole. born in 18 15, claims to have greatly benefited the leaders of the late civil war, and has the papers-tprove her work, but her claims to any compenNOTES. EDITORIAL sation so far, have been ignored, or set aside, though they cannot be disproved. The author If any of the sisters Jhave.- - extra copies of the has collected together this material and published Woman's Exfonent of Sep." 1 7 1889 or May: 1 5, it, that the world may know how- much was done by one woman to preserve the union intact. We i8'9o,they will confer a great favor by sending them have not yet had time to read the book but knowto this office and will receive double price in. reing much of the work of this wonderful genius, turn for each copy. "can fsafelyrecomraend it and hope it, may find a Sister Elizabeth Howard attended the Conferplace in the homes of the people all over the.. ence of the Relief Society and Y. L.'M. I. A. of country, that at least she may have some little Morgan Stake at Morgan on the 9th and loth of remuneration for valuable services from the sale of May, and also attended a general meeting of both the book. And there may, through the circulain comat organizations Croyden, Morgan Co., tion of this work telling what she has done, "come Relief with President Sister pany a time when positive recognition of her labors Lydia Rich, Presithat and of Susannah Hiner Stake, Society may, be made by the Congress of the United dent Stake Y. L.M. I. A. States. The book is for sale at the Woman1 s journal Sister Elizabeth Stevenson and Lillie Freeze Office 3 Park St., Boston, Mass., and at. the visited the Summit Stake Relief Society ConferRooms of the Woman's Suffrage Society, i4o6 ence he'Id at Rockport on Thursday the 14th day G. St., Washington, D. C. Price $1.10 forwarded of May, and also the Primary Association meetfree on receipt of Price. ing held the next day. At both these Confer' YELLOW RIBBON SPEAKER. ences there was a good spirit prevailing and much interest raanifesed in the onward progress :wXhisUttt contains Readings", and Recitations suitabje for of woman's work. Woman' Suffrage Associations, parlor-meetin-- June first is to be known hereafter as Children's and entertainments com)ileci by competent jtidge Primal the Bay mbng of articles en this subject, Rev. Anna H. Shaw of the founder the ah( Brigham Young Territory, Alice Stone Blackwell and Lucy E. Anthony, all to perpetuate his memory in of the ts young women of practical judgment and relia ill a be beautiful tribute to rising generation. bility. The matter is collected from the' writings him in all the years to come to celebrate his birthof men and women most of them of national repu- -' -in childish and sports day anniversary songs of tation, for instance Wendall Phiilips, Lucy Stone, rejoicing. Susan B. Anthony, Phebe Carey,George William Curtis, Henry Ward Beech er, Thomas Went-wort- h This is the time to renew the membership of Higginson, Zerelda G. Wallace, Grace the Deseret Hospital Association May. It has Greenwood, Hon. John D. Long, Harriet Stanton now been establishedrhiny years. During that Blatch, Harriet H; Robinson, and many others time about nine hundred members have been re'Three Dreams in a Desert," by Olive corded, but comparatively few of them have kept Schriener, is alone worth the price of the book. up. the membership fee.of one dollatayear.The -- All woman's associations and: those who want beautiful attribute of charity :s praised by all, posting on these questions will find in this little' yet how few there are who put it to practical use, .worksuitable prose and poetryfTOntainirig,' sotrnd and in what way can we bettershoW pur TaTtfi itEy logic; and some of the recitations are . very our works, than m bestowing charity upon the humorous. The book is published by Lee and sick and the afflicted. To alleviate distress is Shephard, Boston, Mass., price 5octs. All suffone of the most excellent things, and to do it in rage associations should keep a supply of suffrage a way that will be a public benefit, and without -- literature. kno wing"whom tousTo be wer'erMngerns 'We-alan excellent-method- . of our sub'give stance to feed the poor; we as a people donate FIFTY-FIFTWEDDING but we when to support a Hospital liberally, help -J ANNIVERSARY; '!- - J : I w. we aic luueeu to tne Lord. Our lenumg sisters and brethren should come forward with the memMR. AND MRS. JOSEPH HORNE. bership fees; at least that we may know that those who are carrying this heavy It is very rarely the case that husband and responsibility are in a measure supported by members of the . wife both live to celebrate their golden wedding,: association as originally organized." The B.oard of though it does seem that there are more of these .Direciomemember-w- i weddings celebrated than there used dent John Taylor moved forward in this matter to be orperhaps it is because they get published and himself became a regular member of the' in the papers more than formerly. Association, with other Apostles and On the evening of May 9th, 1891, Joseph leading men of the Church. His' example is worthy of - and Mary Isabella Home celebrated their fifty-fift- h imitation. wedding anniversary with a party, of friends ing oc-casio- ns 1. " gs the-hear- It-w- : s tion in this Territory unequalled here. Preparations have been going forward for some weeks, and to make it a most thoroughly enjoyable and delightful affair,Mr,rStepbens has secured forthe" occasion two of the most noted singers of our j day and time, Emma Thursby and: Myrcm W. Then we have sdrae local singers with Whitney superb voices, Bertha Bayliss, Agnes Olson Thomas, BgsskDeane Alliiaar R. II . Easton and Heber Goddard soloists, and these with three- or four hundred or more trained voices, will certainly create a deep and grand enthusiasm, such as nothing else in the world except good music can awaken. Salt Lake may well be proud of the musical-' - : l H . . half-centu- ry - 