W ' angels may visit from time to lime and . jold sweet communion. It is our earnest and heartfelt, prayer that Sister Whitney may live to enjoy this comfortable home in the possession ofhealth and every blessing it is possible for her to receive and partake of for her benefit. I i i I iiay i ; .. j express for these new .voyagers .on thetsea of matrimony a pleasant and happy sail over all the n. e, . . - . earth." - earth." Mary Ann M. B'f 1S91. Pratt; colony Diez we travel over a ucauiiiui couciry lor aDout o mites until we come 'to Casas Grande, here we find a nice, rich, fertile valley, watered by the Casas Grande-rive- r which is followed on both sides witli a heavy growth of timber, such as cotton wood, black walnut willow-an- d other kinds; the"sonis"rrch and productive and by planting wheat in the fall it can be . harvested in time to raise a crop of corn on the -.- After-leaving cnmr lnrl tivpf nnfiln. As . i nuts; there are melons in abundance, grapes ripen mjuiy ana it is a spienuia country for raising' com. There are many hundred acres of good land in this vicinity that .can be bought at rea- sonable figures with good title and water rights - , secured. . Casas Grande is an old Mexican town, a part of it in ruins from old age or caused by s which have been recent here.T We have lived neighbors to the Mexicans about a year, and have thus far not much leason to complain, finding them to be a much better peonle than thev were represenfed7wehad often heard bf their having some traits of dishonesty about them,and we think this is true to a certain extent, but do earth-quake- Ttjriajk in life, and capable to decide questions that in , : . TN MEXICO. , - , "To Salt Lake City, June self-relian- ' ... : have dominion over every living thing that moveth upon the earth," in con nection with her husband, or her fellow man.; never failing fountain of love for him and their offspring growing out of those attributes ret fined, made pliable and subtile; she is on her own ability and power of action. She overcomes obstacles thrown in her way and sur mounts them all; this makes her capable to ac quiesce, conform, explain, predict and conjoin in fellowship with her own sex, and the stronger and less subdued element in man. a . But Adam and Eve sinned and Adam was to rule, Christ atoned for the sins of the world, and that places woman on an equal with man, as at l hat ifl,lhe-great-lram- ' the beginning. volve her happiness and welfare. Without her vo t e . som any Jbla uks remain, Q ues tic Qfc of V v taj interest are undecided and the best side of things lies dormant as the one half of God's creations bared from taking, paTt oniier public stae. The one"element that should be retained is excluded.. The coarser, boisterous intemperate and overbearing "Might makes ' right," rules. Fellow citizens how long shall this state pf things be? and woman be inactive to the great benefit of mankind and, their integral interests? Detract from her, you do indeed detract from him, as fate hath blended both in one. GenesisfstcliT 26th vrs: "And God said let us make man in our imae, after our likeness." And as earthly things are in the likeness of I ea vel)Fther-TS-- 4 h eavejilyUiungswe-know-our-- I a person, and knowing this we can worship "Him in spirit and in truth. All womankind should have respect for her fellow man, for as she looks upon him she sees the image of her Heavenly Fa th e r r efl e cti ve Ma nh as .110 1 Jos t h i s orig fna form as much as woman, he is not as much governed by fashion in dress as she is, in that which depresses the natural form. This is why we read: in Isaiah 3rd ch. that the daughters of Male and female created Zion wil be scourged. He them." And as our poetess Eliza R. Snow :" renderS'it, ; - benefit. r - 29th vrs: "And God said I have given jw (not him), speaking , to the man and woman, all things bearing seed- upon all the face of the Why women should have a voicti in public affairs! Women are taxed equal to men, they are held responsible to the law the same, their reasoning, perceptive and governing powers are as effective as those of their brother man; a widow can stand at the head of her household, guide, control and create means to sustain her family with better economy and keep them together better than a widower, for he is more help;, less with the enUreTareor a family without the woman, than she is without the man. She' is endowed with . more fortitude, perseverance, temperance and sufferance.- - These qualifi cations in woman are nature's bestgifts,fitting her for man's equal in aH the transactions and v c ss tutfes of life When side by side with him, her perceptive intuition makes her for man, a wise counselor who acts in concert with him. devisinsr plans, adopting means and ways, for his future eILl!? .grand-chUd--re- and over every living thing that moveth upon the WOMAN'S VOTE. the harbor of security, when life's voyage is over. Thursday evening, June iith, we had th wplcasufanJ""satisaction. of participating in a pleasant reunion of friends and relatives at the - home of Mrs. Rachel Emma Simmons of this city widow of the once, popular actor in the bye. 7 jjcne days dfvthe Salt Lake stage, Joseph F. Iu.:ncu3. There were about thirty people present, besides a great number of beautiful The dinner was a feast of good things, the hostess having the happy faculty of preparing ap petizing luxuries ; the tables were handsomely ornamented with lovely flowers, June roses, of every shade and hue, peonies and the fragrant honey-sucklbut the most striking feature of all was the handsome and goodly countenances of the sons and daughters of the hostess and their life companions. At the head of the table was the eldest son, J. F. Simmons, now Counselor to Bishop Romney of the 20th Ward, and at the other end of the table, Fred Simmons a most examplary and strikingly handsome young man. The daughters however are not lacking in per- sonal interest and attractions ana bister bimmons has every reason to be proud of her family. The blessing1 was pronounced by Bishop O. F. WMtneyland here let it be said the Whitneys were well represented in this gathering. During "In the heavens are parents single, the evening a letter was read from one of the sons No the thought makes reason stare; Arthur. Simmons who is absent in Mexico, and Truth is reason, truth eternal. besides general and spirited conversation, there" Tells me I've a mother there." was music and singing by members of thefamily. Then woman is made in the image of her Bishop O. F. Whitney sang "My own, my native' land," with guitar accompaniment, and. James T. 'Heavenly Mother. 28th vrs: 'And God blessed them, and said Dunbar and his wife Louisa, the daughter of Henrietta Simmons, sang a duet "Only Thee," unto them, be fruitful, and multiply and replenish which was highly appreciated. Mr, Dunbar also the earth and subdue it; and. have dominion orer sang afterward. There was instrumental music al$a: yhe fish of the sea, and over the fowls of the air, " 180, members of the family and some waltzing, etc. .HUhe.gLeate 'gether of old friends and the sweet communion and asso'ciation-o- f "Auld lang syne." Peace be to the household and may-th- e friendship of long still continue and be a part and portion of the ago, ; the arrival of President Wilford Woodruff and Pres. Geo. Q. Cannon, and Hon. John T. Caine, and some other special friends the Dedicatory ! prayer was offered by Pres. Geo. Q. Xannonndj following that; the marriage 'ceremony was per- -' formed by Bishop O. F. AVJiitney. The bride in all the blushing loveliness of youth aad innocence j. beautiful in simple 'white and orange blossoms,! ucani1 .. , . . , . p, , Ullliy 4. duu duancu, sioou unuer a iwMiig ujws 01 tne most exquisite flowers, while the canopy solemn service was pronounced which bound them together as husband and wife. The wed-- j ding reception proper ,thehV commenced, and guests began to flow In until the house was crowded. Refreshments were served and con-- 1 gratulations and expressions of good feeling; foi- - j lowed by kisses etc., were continuous, for a time. The presents were $o numerous and elaborate that it is not possible to, mention them all,, they consisted of elegant furniture and furnishings, silver, cutlery, china, Royal Worcester and other varieties,cut-glas- s and so on. A diamond necklace fronfthe bridegroom, lamps,-clocks- , books and maiyther4iiihgs Th EXPONENT S By ; , 9 life to come. .On Tuesday, June trie 9th, a very happy party met by invitation at the resids&cx of Bishop II. 8. Clawson and.wife,for a double purpose, to dedicate the new and handsome residence ;re- cently Erected on South Temple just East of State Street and to celebratp thejmarriage of theJr daughter .Win nifred, to George Ellerbeck son of Thomas1 and Emma ' Spence Ellerbeck of this City.' The house was very'beautifully illuminated - for the occasion, and promptly at 6 p m., after . 0 MAN have found some .very respectable ladies and gentlemen here. And we jdo not find them a -bp s terous n 0 sycorarau n i ty ; "al though they are not very industrious, they seem to have , a desire to learn, and there is an opening for the establish-mev ., of industries here It is our intention to begin a school soon, for the purposeof teaching English, also to teach knitting, spinning, etc.; as soon as the necessary books can be obtained. The natives are beginning to admire our ways of living, and many express a desire to learn of our religion; and are interested in reading our books, take a peculiar intesest in reading the Book of Mormon and seem, to realize that we are in possession of a doctrine superior 1 1 nt . the m' crthrfrs7-- f orraaiiyy-a- f the deception oi the Latholic priests. .... But it seems that as yet the time has not come to preach the Gospel to them, but we, believe when it does come there will be. many of the honest ip. . V A l .. t all v a It f ... - i Our children are learning the Spanish language, t c uavv a uuit j,in, iwu jcais Uiu, WUO luXereSlS the natives very much spealdng their language it being more simple and veasier pronounced than the English, she seems to "prefer to i speak it. There are several families of Mexicans living in Colony Juarez whobelong to the Church, and are very good, sincere Latter-da- y Saints, and seem to life verv much and eniov are -j aiwuuu thm th rnmfnrfs nf fifp otm frrm nnilo, pearances none could distinguish' their homes from others of the Saints.'' Juarez is a nice-littlplace situated between the hills. We never see it until we come to the dug way which" descedds to the valley below, making a beautiful sight to look down on the nice little place, with its streets g at right angles, and the sidewalks lined with shade;-treespatches of lucerne,- gardens and j- . e rup-nin- - " 