WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the people out from Egypt, there' went by the that lhey, .with their other brother, became the united leaders of the children of Israel out V from their, bondage? ' ;, . . If God chose a woman to act in these cases, when the - world needed a clear brain, a tender affectionate, loving, motherly heart, a firm and determined will, and chose the woman to do it, - and if when the people needed a leader to guide them out of bondage to freedom, He chose a worn an to be among the leading in- struments of that great undertaking, who shall dare tojay, be he layman or priest, that . such a woman is not God's woman? The Bishop says there are certain classes of women who are' God s W6men.rlVe want lo know who they are, because then we can range ourselves on- the right .side. God's" women according to" the Bishop, are "the Ruths, the Rachels and the Marys." We have some of the Marys here. Ruth was a' remarkable woman, because Ruth was absolutely, devoted to her mother-in-law- , and that takes a great woman. I shall never rise to say that a woman devoted to her mother-in-lais not God's woman But then, Ruth had some peculiar ways of getting along in this world. I hardly think the Bishop would like to have some of us who are unmarried follow Ruth's method of secur-ing a husband. I hardlv think he would like us to follow her line of courtship: vet the onlv two things for which she is admired are a de votion to her mother-in-laand a peculiar mm method oi obtaining a husband. These are perhaps two very, good things in themselves, put we should hardly think they were of such importance to the race that such- - a woman - should be especially held up as a type of God's " - . - w w . 1 V S 1 woman. 161 Ja .that you men may go on: behaving, as you. say jou do, improperly in politico; that you make the politics of this nation dark, damaging and unclean; that at last you may have an unrighteous war, and then take our children and kill them on the battlefield, and all we have to do about it is to stay at home ;and weep for our children because they are not! We are to have nothing to say as to whether you shall kill them or not. All we are to have to do about it is to cry about it. Then the Bishop tells-u- s Mary was one of God's women. There are a number of Marys, and the Bishop does, not designate which of them it was. If he means the Mary out of iwhora .the seven, devils were cast, I should not agree. with him. Ify it was the Mary who washed the feet of .CbrisLand. wiped .them -- witFthe hairs of in token of penitence, I admire her penitence, but I do not admire the sin that led to the necessity of that penitence. If it was the Mary who was his another, the Bishop has brought forward the wrong Mary to prove his case. What does the Bible tell us? In ' the fulness of time, God needed for the world a Redeemer. How should He give the Redeemer to the world? He gave the Redeemer to the world by choosing out of the world a woman to become the mother of the Savior of the race. God and a woman gave to the world its Redeemer. Men were counted out of the transaction. She did a great work for the world, but she did not do it in her kitchen, cooking chickens for conference season and other occasions when the ministers came around. Then there wa3 another Mary, and she is the Mary whom I have taken as my example in my profession. This was the Mary who stood by the tomb of the Lord, and there at the mouth of the onen tomb she received the. first "divine commission from the Divine One Him self to o out into the world and preach the ' gospel of a risen Lord,. ; We have one other Marv. and that- Marv ' was the Mary who sat at the feet of the Lord theology of Him; and the only reproof learning J T me jjora ev ex- - gave a worn an was not givento to Martha, the Mary,the theological student,but t wno woman worried about her house-worand wanted Mary to, give up theology and go into the Kitchen and cook the dinner. Now then, here are the Marys, two of whom were sinners. One-w- as" the mother of the work for the Lord, doing the greatest-publi- c race that has ever Deen done m the world. One wa3 a woman who was a theoWical student learning at the feet of the Master The oiner was ine urst umneiy commissioned preacher of the resurrection. I am glad that may -- her-hea- Then there was Rachel. We know two or three - things about Rachel. One is that she had such a high sel&e of the subserviency of woman to man, that, while the lazy shepherds lay about, gazing: at each, other, and at the skies, and perhaps at her, she left them gazing while she went to the well to draw water to water the flocks. That" might be Jhe JJMop'sl idea of Gbcl's woman, but it is hardly my idea of the proper division of labor between the sexes. I should prefer to let the Bishop draw the water while T gazed. There is another thing we know about Rachel that she was a very handsome woman. Every man and every woman likes to see a handsome woman; but I have heard it said that women are al ways jealous of each other's beauty, and al-ways angry if anybody says anything about the beauty of another woman. This gathering of wmentx3 certainly an exception to the rule for we have been the proudest set of women uuuup d, ' - - mf ; . x . you eversaWj Jbecau God there ha3 been gathered here with us in this council such a magnificent band of beautiful young women of whom we are all proud, and we glory in their beauty. Those of us who have passed 'our youth, look at these young girls, not with envy, but with a little bit of pain in our- - hearts, and say: 'If God had only made us that way, we would have been glad." We do rejoice in each other, and we are glad of a g young woman. Rachel was so good looking that Jacob wanted to marry her, and he worked seven years for her. She must have been a very desirable woman for Jacob to give seven years hard labor for her. Nowadays if a man courts for a few evenings he thinks it is plenty of time to spend on it. Jacob waited seven years and then got cheated out of the woman he wanted, and had to marry her eldest sister. Rachel, however, was a courageous woman; and he was a faithful man, so he waited seven, years more. The only other thing I know about Rachel is, that the Bible says she 'wept for her children because they were not. The inference good-lookin- T . 1 1 1 ' k, - v iuucub uuius mat areGod'Awmsfthat--- ' yvumeu iiiitjisiers women - theological o students are God's women; and that the wo man who was the mother of the Savior of the world was also God's woman. I believe they were: I believe that the .Miriams and the Hesters and Vashti3 were God's women toor When I was a girl I read the Bible through in order to select irom it the two people who were to be my hero and heroine through life; MvJ hero was Jacob,r mv heroine- Vashti. Vashti disobeyed her husband, and left her because she had disobeyed her husband, faiace Vashti from among them all, because she did disobev her husband a woman away back in the centuries, who recognized the a woman who dictates oi ner own ot to a king, and become the puppet reiused of his drunken courtiers; a woman ready to give up a man and a throne, a husband and a Kingaom, ratner tnan ao an ignominious tning; sucn a woman is uods woman, nusoana or no husband.- - I wish the world were full" of Vaihtis todav. standing bv the risht of their and I sigh to God for individual . - f - , sen-respec- t; self-respec- t; such womanhood. - . Th e concluding rema rks o f Bishop Vi ncent were in relation to motherhood. He referred' to that rassatre of Scripture which we- have IJ I much about in this discussion. "She be saved shall in childbirth." Most of us rethis passage of the Scripture as meaning gard that she shall be saved bv the cominc of the Childshall be "saved by the birth of Jesus Chirst. She, shall be saved because Jesus Christ came into the world to save not man alone, but women also. Women shallbe saved because of the comincr of Him who is thft Emancipator of the race, women included. Believing this, we think the discussion which has been raised upon this line is a mere makeshift; it has nothing to stand upon. There are two things to be considered in relation tozmotherhoooUWe-hav- eheard that motherhood is a crown of glory. They, say motherhood is the greatest crown of glory which a woman can wear. We answer, No; motherhood is nbt the greatest crown of glory, which a woman can wear. Motherhood not be a crown of glory at all. Motherhood may or may not be a crown of glory. It may become a crown of shame. It requires that there shall be a something back ot motherhood to define what motherhood shall be, and in this something back of motherhood lies that which shall make it a .crown . of glory. The highest crown of glory which a woman can wear is not motherhood. The highest crown of glory which a woman can wear is womanhood true, noble, strong, healthy, spiritual womanhood; the dapghter of the King, the child of God, the heir of" the Lord Jesus Christ, equal with Bishop Vincent, or any man in the world. If the woman is first of all a woman, motherhood shall become to her a crown of glory; but after he is a woman, all things shall be to her a crown of glory, whether it be motherhood or spinsterbood. lhe mother heart of woman, the mother heart that reaches out to the race and finds a wrong and rights it, finds a broken . .... i heart and heai3 it, hnds a bruised lite ready to be broken and sustains it a woman in- stinct with mother-love- , which is the expression of the Divinelove, a woman who, finding any wrong, any weakness, any pain,' any sorrow, anywhere in the world, reaches out her hand to right the wroncr. to heal the nain. to nom- fort the suffering such a woman is God's wo- man. matters not where she may be; where she was born, under what skies she has lived; she is God's woman, and at last she shall hnd her Uod. . . ax - . n may-eve- it WOMAN'S NATIONAL COUNCIL. RESOLUTIONS. . unanimous voine of this Council that all institutions of learninpand of professional instruction, including schools of theology, law and medicine, should in the interest of humanity, be as freely, opened to women as to men; that opportunities for industrial training should be as pen- erally and liberally provided for one as the of organized other, and that womanhood in this Council will stead ilv de mand that in all avocations in which both men - andwomen eneacre, equal wapes shall hf for equal work; and, finally, that an enlightened- society should demand, as the nnl v adequate expression of the high civilization which it is its office to establish and maintain, an identical standard- of personal purity and morality for men and women. Resolved, That the National dorses the general features of the plan of ornrPS? outlined in Our ganization fpnt'a nrlrlroo and that trie general officers fully elaborate the plan between thisand the nextlsessionJof the National Council. Muckinterest will be felt in this proposed - -- 