76 WOMAN'S EXFONEJNTi. Wo s TI H Y V ONE NT. speak tenderly to the heart and aje fragrant of pleasant friends, as well as a delight for the eye to rest upon. Many thanks dear friends for these tokens of kindly remembrance lief, and become backsliders, dissatisfied and un ' " happy. The Lord is working with His people at the present time, and some things are undergoing a Editor. EMMELIAE B. WELLS, change, as great perhaps as the exqdus from Published In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terras: Nauvoo, though an entirely different one, and doubtless there are many who will be tried and Knecopy one year, gl.OO;'. one copy 'six months, 50cts. ho reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered "by moil, wonder what will be the result, but those who are extra for iosLa-j- one year, 25 cts. humble and trust God implicitly with child-lik- e Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil faith will be able to stand, but it must be by faith, space, one time, ?2.f.O; ier month. $3.00; A liberal discount to Tegular advertisers. 7777 .7. .77 "777. such mighty faith as Abrani had in the hour of ExruNENT office,. No. 25 E., South Temple Street, second need. gate east q! Dtwret News Office. Business hour from 10 a.m -Women as men need this strong faith toiua. every 4ay, except Sundfly!j l. In the Gospel, ancTwithouTit they will be unable ' Address all business communications to to endure;. they too need testimony and convic I'UIiLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Utah.tion and knowledge for themselves, and as our Salt Lake City Heavenly Father loves His daughters as well as Entered at the" Post Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second Clan Matter. His sons.and cbasteneth those Heloveth, women must take up their cross as bravely and willingly November 15, 1891. as their brothers. He has a purpose in view in Salt Lake City, the change 'now' being made throughout the 'Church, and though His people are not permitted FEAR NOT FOR ZION. to see - clearly what i s to be brought about Trtssirrne"eTraTin through the sacrifice required, trust Him always, of this people, and those who have been looking He will never forsake those who rely upon Him. The ones who are most severely tried are those forward for a great change to transpire that Zion might be liberated from bondage, ought to take who will receive the greater blessings, this should into consideration, how often it has been repeated comfort the sorrowing ones, He will "sanctify to to the Saints, that the Lord's ways are not as them their deepest distress." God has not for man's ways, and that great things never come saken his faithful saints, no more than He had about as even'j? men anticipate.. The Lord Abraham, when He commanded Him to offer up works in a mysterious way, and sometimes it is his son. If the nearest and dearest are- - takenr best to stand and wait, especially until one is sure still the true saint can look- - up and trust Him.. When the clouds are heaviest then He smiles of going in the right direction. Could anything have been required of the through them, and the bitter experiences of those who have made covenants with Him in ho.ly Saints" more uncertain "than the exodus from Nauvoo?. many weakened in their faith and had places will yet be a stay and anchor to their souls not the courage to start upon the journey, others for those eternal covenants reach behind the veil. Jhad jUiLiaith enough to, get to theiirst-stojping The Saints should prophesy good concerning place 'Richardson's Point" in the State of Iowa and turned back again; the writer remembers Zion, and concerning the daughters of Zion, for well, the sermon of President Young at that place the day of triumph is at hand; the inscrutable JLord care;; past fiodi ng outr yet H is and his propl ways r;f camp to go back, and his words were fulfilled to people need not fear, His work will roll onward and Zion will prosper and the enemies of the the very letter. It was very trying to endure all Jh e privatio ns Saints will.be leftjwithou t e xcus e, -- and harskipv-e""Those "who are' trying to serve the Lord and stay at Winter. Quarters, and many grew faint help establish His Church in the earth must stand and weary though their faith failed not, and hunby the cause they have espoused through storms dreds perished and lie in unknown graves; and as well as sunshine, and if they can endure all yet looking back upon it today who of all those, things, then will they be counted worthy to reign with Him, who descended beneath ail. To those who suffered these perils by the way could say now, that it would have been better to stay in whoare aiming forthe highest exaltation, nothing should seem too hard to pass through. Again Nau voo, and meet the deadly foe face to face expecting deliverance In their own way from the and again in ancient.and modern revelation has the Lord said He would have a tried people even hands of their enemies. The Lord revealed to Brigham Young the way "as gold seven times purified" therefore the "oFdeTiveiance and it proved a safe way. It was Saints should not murmur as did ancient Israel lest they lose sight of "the prize of the high call not the way Sidney Rigdon and some other leading men pointed out, but it proved to be the right ing."; way, aad .those.who followed it and sustained the "In the cruel fire of sorrow majority of the Apostles found to their perfect Cast thy heart' do not faint or wail;' satisfaction7 that the Lord had. spoken to PresiLet thy hand be firm and steady , , dent Young and opened up-- way by which they Do not let thy spirit quail; could c jrae into, a land prophesied of, where But wait till the trial is over, Ana take thy heart again; Temples could be erected and the work of refor the living and the dead could be perFor as gold is tried by fire, demption formed and many thousands of 'spints in prison" So a heart must be tried by paint" be released from bondage. Much has been accomplished in the great EDITORIAL-NOTE- S. -- to these -valleys, r and there is no doubt much more and greater work yet to be done before the ushering in of tfte In this number of the paper will be found two Millennium, and the Lord has said He will do iArticles upon woman suffrage both of them from nothing except He reveal it to His servants the aIe writers, one a man "the other a worn a We prophets. And when they receive the word of trust these .articles will be compared and that the Lord if the Saints are irLdoubt they should 0 th e rs vvi tl give t heir views, upon this open ques seek for a testimony, or if they have riot sufficient tion humility and faith for that, stand; still and watch' nd pray without ceasing antf they w .jiot go Jap y. if to but and they give way astray; murmuring, the others, bouquets of late summer and autumn the has of most flowers proven have been sent to grace our little sanctum expeiience p.ist tffectually that they will fail into darkness, error and unbe of late; such gifts are always acceptable, they , ' .There will be a Grand Ball given in the Salt Lake Theatre in this City on Friday evening Nov. 20th, for the Benefit of the Deseret Hospital. The tickets are being sold and great preparations are going on to make the affair, an attractive one and a financial success. The best band that can be obtained will furnish the mfcsic,' and a bevy of for the sale of young girls will have-boot- hs flowers and candy the greenroom will be hand somely decorated for the occasion, and the youp ladies will appear in unique and charming costumes. The Young Ladies' Mandolin Club MrsJ Tizzie Glowson leader will appear during theeve-inwhich will be ahother added attraction. The Hospital has done an immense amount of charity work and its doors are ever open to the unfortunate arid afflicted ; in consequence of there being no special endowment for.it, means has to be solicited from time to time to keep the institution in running order. The President of this Stake of Zion and the Bishops have spoken favorably of this party in public places and no doubt there will be, as there certainly should be,a hearty response from the people in the purchase of tickets, and as the party will be first class in every sense of the word they will get the worth of their money in genuine enjoyment, and rat the-satime be helping forward a worthy object. semi-monthl- y, as-we- ll -- . g . : -- , f that-jourirej- 'a - a ; " : " Xatter-dayJwork-since-comi- n. , jl From-iis-Be4s- -- me A NEW STORY BOOK. -- There is about to be published at the office of the Juvenile Instructor in this City, a new home book suitable for the holidays. I twill be entirely a home production of stories from real life; and will contain vivid descriptions of scenery and incidents of New England in the earlier days,and also the New West. The title of the book will, be "Aunt Em's was published sometime ago as a serial. There h a field in Utah for books of this sort, or this class of reading, the supply of home story books is not equal to the demand. This will be the first book of the kind published at home. Many booksofa more serious style have been written and published here andquite a number of bsoks of poems, children's books,etc, and this is therqfore a new venture in the field of home - literature. . PRESS WOMEN IN BOSTON. Letters, telegrams arid notes of invitation have been sent to lis to be present at the first meetirjg for the Federation of Women's Press Clubs in Boston on the eleventh of the. present month- -it has been a source of deep regret that we were unable to attend and help on with the enterprise started last winter in Washington. - The New England Woman's Press Club invited the members of the Woman's International Press' Federation to be their guests and will give a reception at the Parker House. The forenoon will be a 'business meeting the afternoon will be an open meeting to which all press women will be invited and the evening a banquet at the Parker House.. ; Such opportunities are rare and ought not to be neglected, they are the milestones that count woman's progress in the path of progression and enlightenment and thev - open ub avenues of communication between those whose lives have lain wide apart, and perchance misunderstood by each other and awaken interest in those afar off that strengthens the bond Tdf. human sisterhood , -. M 