I W0 WR A PA 1 iff - From every land and clime, From every age and time, Calling thy name sublime, Dear Liberty. , Over us free. Spread, spread thy wings fJighV Dispel our long; long nSght" Kindle thy glory bright, . DeaFLiberty. To God and thee. Our voices high we'll raise In hymns of grateful praise, For thine unshaded rays, Dear Liberty. I Belle John Howard Bryant. Princeton, I1L November 1890. There is no joy but has its drop of sorrow, No song but has an undertone of pain. Our yesterday, today and yet tomorrow Has e'er its sunshine interspersed with raia, - - 1 Or turn the course of fortune otherwise. We sigh because too heavy seems life's bufden. The path teo rugged for our weary feet. We weep because too meagre seems our guerdon, And long for wayside cool and meadows sweet. " And yet we rise by obstacles surmounted. By burdens bravely borne and foes o'erthrown. Each seeming hindrance may be counted Unto the higher realm a stepping stone. Worthless the gold while yet untried by fire; The finesttatue grows by many a blow. He who has much to meet may much aspire, He of the even way must stay below - DEAR" LIBERTY. Nearer we come to thee, Freedom, to thee; . SeeJdng for thee. a the latter part of the period of barbarism. Among the greater number ofAmerican aborig ines the descent ot property and children Women sat in the were in the female line. councils of war, and peace and their opinions had equal weight on all questions. Among the AY innebagoes that occupied the territory now known as Wisconsin, a woman was at the The same was .true head of the nation. among the early tribes or gens in the Eastern Hemisphere. In the councils of the Iro- ' quois gens every adult male or femate member had a voice upon all questions brought before it. , Freedom, for thee. Strike from our fettered hands, Tradition's galling bands, In near and distant lands7 Dear Liberty. seas, Woman's National Council, Washington, D. ft, Feb. 1891, by Miss Susan B. Antnony. All along from the beginning until the lGth century, when Luther eliminated the feminine elements wholly from the Protestant religion --power oMhe-cbnrchtand brought-tbe-lu- ll enforce woman s complete subjection, we find :traceaoi.the.matriarchate. Karl Pearson," in a series of deeply interesting essays gives us the result of his researches into the works of modern historians, and the startling facts they unearth, from what to most of us is the dead, unknown, eternal past, shadowed in mystery. n The publication or "Das Mutterecht," by in 1861, of Morgan's "Ancient Society," in 1877, of Wilkeson's "Ancient Egypt," in 1836, with other lesser lights pursuing the same trend of investigation, all show the leading independent position women held for ages, -- r Morgan in his "Ancien Society," gives the superior of remarkable examples many different tribes in women among position of ... . Comee o'er frozen j the . . ; : Bae-hofe- We chase the brightest sunbeams, and they lead- us Full often where the deepest shadow lies We fret at fate, but never will it heed us, r- ' at rid" tions. Edwards. MOTHER-- -- RECOMPENSE. ' D BY MRS. ELIZABETH CADY STANTON. Mead her-thi!drena- was plainly traceable among jheiAryans, the Germans, the Persians, and. indications of .it are still seen among uncivilized tribes and na- THE MATRIARCHATE OR - -AGE. ed " . Altars we'll raise to thee, Freedom,' to thee. Altars to God and thee. . SONNET. love the song birds. There is naught in Nature, E'er moved me with so deep an inspiration, " As when the hermit thrush, that tiny creature, Ponred out at eventide, his sweet libation Of heavenly music through the lonely wood. Twas lpng ago when I in childhood years,- First heard that song celestial as I stood Transfixed with ecstacy, and moved to tears, Now as I seek my native home again The stream and wood paths, where the wild flewersblow, I yearn to hear once more the joyous strain That thrilled my bosom seventy years ago; But nerves, can never know again. The heartfelt rapture that o'ercame me then. , took possession of household property; leaving to him his cloth' As was the custom .,' ing, horse and weapons. his to own people at Zuni. he returned From this it appears the children belonged to the mother, not to the father, and that he .was not allowed to. take them... even, after, the. B u chLalsolwas th e usa m other's. dna th . ge andthe other northern among Iroquois tribes, and among the villiage Indians of Mexico. The period of wo, nan's supremacy lasted through many centuries :und5sputed,accepted ' i as natural aud proper wherever it existed, and" was called the matriarchate,or mother-age- . It wife ( Thy starry flag unfurled, Eastern' Women M. A. Y. Greenbalgh. How do we Stand? Mary E. Kimball, . Poetry: Sonnet John Howard JBryant. ReDear Liberty Belle D. Edwards.. compense Return Love. An Obstacle Charlotte Perkins Stetson. No. 21, an Orabye woman and had by her thrfe children. He resided with them at Oraybe until his wife died, when the, relatives of the deceased Proudly we'll face the world,. When we are free, ports San Juan Uintah. Speech by E; R. Snow. Primary Fair and Confereace. The ' World's Fair. Editorial: Woman's Special Mission. Edk age-dull- all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 1,1891. CONTENTS. The Matriarchate or Mother-ag- e Mrs. ElizaA Stanton. Good --Testimony Mary beth Cady Sanderson. The Silent Seven. Millard Kjar i it rm ,1 The Eights1 of the Women of Zion, and the Eights of the Women of Vol. 19. in ' '. At the epoch of European discovery, the American Indian tribes were generally organized into gentes, with descent in the female During the early periods the property .pf women were in her own line and gens, and man's property was in his own line and gens. The following case at the Pueblo of Oraybe shows that the husband acquires no rights over "the property of the-- wile, or over the children of the marriage. A Zunian married -- Careful historians now show that the greatest civilizing power all along the pathway of of natural history has been found io the wisdom aud tender sentiments growing out of motherhood. For the protection of herself and her children woman made the first home in the caves of the earth; then huts with trees in the sunshine. She made the first attempts at agriculture; raised grain, 'fruits and herbs which she learned to use in' sickness. She was her own physician; all that was known td the medical art was in her.han'dS-.--':"J'more interesting for us is - Perhaps ' j the actual existencjof. j in tKebrl"iAiricTKonr the Touareffs. The child belongs to the mother and net to "father; it is tbe ""blood of the mother and not" the father, which confers on the child the rank he is to take. Formerly,when there was a ques- tion of territoral distribution, the Jands granted to each family were inscribed in the name of the mother The Berber law gives to ' ' to-da- v ; -- - women the administration ol their property; at Rhat, they alone dispose of houses, gardens, in a word, of all the landed property in the country. Among the Touaregs, not only is woman held the equal of man, but she enjoys a preferable condition She - of - her "hand and in the conjugal community she administers her own fortune, without being forced to contribute to the expense of the household. Thus it happeus, that as productions accumulate, the greater part of the,,, wealth is in the bands of the women. These social customs have produced extraordinary developments in the 'Tarui' woman. :di-pose- 4 Her intelligence and, her initiative spirit: are, astonishing in the midst of a Mussulman She excels .in bodily exercises; on society. the back of a dromedary she travels a hundred kilometers to attend a soiree, she competes in races with the boldest cavalier of the desert. She is distinguished by intellectual culture; the ladies of the tribe of Ym an an are celebrated for their beauty and their musical talent; when. they, give . concerts the men come eagerly from the most distant parts, adorned like male ostriches, Touaregs are the descendants of tbeTybiang spoken of by Herodotus. The bistorian tells us that the male children are not compelled bylaw to maintain their parents, this charge is iiiuuuiucnt.ujr imv upon tne daughters. The--r 1 -- " impofjiiQJo sufficed to establish the rule that the wealth of ' the family should belong.to the women, and 1 