WOMAN'S 14 4 ness for artistic dress. It is related how one day, at a reception in London, conversation turned upon the supposed scarcity ot American materials for elecrantdresses. "You- - have no I dnmpstin mantiiarlnries of rich berve," said an: Englishjriend. "Havfljfei not?" she replied; 'tf will astonish you at .the next reception .by wearing an American Mr?. 1L amount I think none to high. About a year ago I sold the Illustrated Newspaper to Mr. Arkell for 8300,000, and my Popular Monthly, as an investment,-1worth twice as much as that, not to mention my six other, publica- -,- - Italia norne.Prest. Mrs. Mattle Nalsbltt-Thomas,So- p DRESS GOODS. " FANCY ARTICLES. 1 3 dress-crood- i. . EXPONENT tions. CO-OPERATI- DRESS MAKING for VE Ladies " . , "Within the next I expect to start: two new papers. One will. be devoted fabric entirely to women and their interests; the . This was told from one end of London to the other will be a Spanish publication, intended other, and when the night came and most of to circulate r through Spanish America. J the people were assembled, Mrs. Potter entered,; have no near relatives except one niece, who looking as if she were a picture. cut irons an is married to a very wealthy man in the and original -- West. - I shall leave- - her 7 my houses old painting, in .Silk' of ; and T jewels." I amrnot dress. Ita pattern "was a terra-cottwas, and although the next ten years will not soft, pale color, beneath which were distinct 1 . 4 i i Lv ; and flowers uc iLa 10 enjoy green liic kueai 01 my 111 e, sun t1 inienu dreamy suggestions of pink leaves blended in exquisite harmony, trimmed, the fortune I have earned. Then, if I am d lace, and with a gold, still living, I intend to go ahead and build my with, fabric waist. - "Is that kvely - the - pirdle around v v s fill i but there really the product ot American ioomsr astea begging letters continually, "American is a' class of letters that I would her friend. "Yes, and of design, is a woman,"; like to get, however, and that is letters writand better still the designer like wear to Mr?. ten by sensible, people interested in the 'adsaid Potter, il particularly as they convince English society. vancement of women, who would suggest that America is not without artistic taste of ideas "in relation to the institute I contemm plate founding. I wish you would say that, the highest order," is iIn private life Mrs. Potter, even more for the public might help me greatly in this - charming than on the stage. Her face lights matter. "I talked the matter over last night at the up when she talks earnestly, asshe very oflen conviction carries her fire'of the Pres3 Club with Mrs. Croley and others of does,and eyes not less than Jierapidlyutte my friendvand they were united in- - thinking TcB osHcrdsT"- A woman of brain and nerves, . this the. best object to Lwhich I could devote it is scarcely to be - wondered at that-6- he fortune. Don't you think it strange ray g in gome-thinlife sought relief from yapld society that;it has never occurred to any woman else be said about must whatever before to found an institute for women? I am that, and intense for calls least a woman's woman all through, and although it, at energy action. my business has necessarily brought me much Elizabeth Bisland. into contact with men, and into public notice, still all my sympathies and hopes are with women, and I want my money to benefit ADVANCEMENT OF WOMEN. them." Boston Herald few, 'months ; & Children, MERCANTILE and DRESS MANUFACTURING TRIMMINGS, BORIAL SUITS. GOODS and ' 123 E. 1st SOUTH INSTITUTION. .Opp.City Hall,Salt Lake Uty , : . a . I coffee-colore- - - J-- J , ... a 1 ON SALE . these-dresse- s, TO - -- A-IjI. , PRINCIPAL POINTS EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH AT-- TICKET OFFICE UNION Main Street, Satt Lake City. ; S. W. ECCLES, Genl. Pass. Agt. . MRS. " FRANK OF LESLIES DISPOSITION GREAT FORTUNE. t UEIt Woman Suffrage Song Book" ; The "Utahform is now ready; price lOcts Send orders To Ihis oner.2o,""E. per copy:South Temple St. Salt Lake City. -- i Hew YoRK,irarclf 9, lOTLTT'PSTFffiir; Leslie will make a new will on Wednesday. by :1 which the bulk of her fortune, amounting .. , AA AAA x..I i ill uo -- A ,m 10 at leasti,Jdf yvju icii irusi lur suw,uvv, the establishment of a great institution for "V 1 , 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st Soutli St., I 1 miscellaneous; ; It the instruction of women, and the advancement of a higher education of the eex. Mrs said: Leslie, when seen bv a reporter 'I have not entirely crystallized my plan? as yet, but the main point is this: I want to establish an institution to help women themselves. ,1 who can and wilL help ;, to-da- SALT LAKE CITY. costs more to revenge wrongs than to bear them. -- ; The, y am very much interested .in art In mv own fact, if I had taken way I; should have ;been an artist. Therefore, art students occupy, a prominent position in my planning. , The budding must,, first of ;! Modesty and a quiet tongue is a safeguard Cash. Hoiise . .THOMAS to virtue. i Small faults indulged are little thieves that let in greater. ' Virtue and happiness daughter. '. . are mother and It; is to a woman that the - heart appeal s T7" """" whenntneedscon$olation;t facilities for instruction in. painting, and in addition, a large hall expressly constructed OBITUARY. with a view to its suitability for exhibitions It is with feelings of sadness we announce the death o of pictures; I also think very, favorably of i wpyoungsisteivMelisaMariah-- gating, provision fo? advancedetudentslo take continental courses of instruction 'in passed peacefully away from mortality at her father's residence la Clifton; Idaho, Feb. 10, 1891. art, though upon that point I am not entirely She was sererrteen years and one week rdecided. old, a patient V; v: obedient daughter and a faithful Latter-da- y Saint I Of course, literature will also, be rprpvided She was Special to the Ladies. ; : ,.; ; I for, and think there is a very; great necessity, for some course of instruction in that proiessiOn Nowadays, I am sorry to say, ; nearly every young girl in the land appears to think all she has to do is to take a pen in ber band and become straightway a full fledged authoress.; Why, do you v know, I have over 600 manuscripts offeredTme every week, and the majority of them are just terr rible. ; fThe sum I shall devote to the project will b8 the proceeds from the sale of my business. I value it at present at 4600,000, which s . r. v attending the B. Y. College at Logan, Utah and while spending the holidays at home the family WaJ stricken with the measles. IUT mother bein in feeble the care of the fell family health upon her, and; patiently she waited on her five younger brothers and their sckness; she being the last to take the sisters.through: fatal nnlady She suffered much during her five weeks' illness. All was doaefor her that loving hearts and willing hands could do. She was always a good, faithful and obedient child and second counselor our Primary Association; and' was wUUng to do all that lay in her power for the advancement of the work. She manifested in her labors that meek and unselfish disposition characteristic of a true saint of v AT TEASDEL'S IVIlIWound tr S latest , stylas arid pi oductlofis LAGES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, ... FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And 3D &n elegant aasortmen of - BY GOODS; Special department for Ladies1 Misses' and . fant's Shoes. ... - - " " 112, 114, 116, 118 J-Alv4:E3 . God, Leading Retail In- East Temple Str c2s CO. TINNERS CAS.VATER & STEAM FITTERS W Agent for RUMSEY celebrated LIFT and FOIU'K PUMPS, Pomps Repaired on short notice. Orders-irtitlie country promptly, uesponded to. ; , . m 'liiwi-li- TO MttittrttKULl tAXt"tt."-- T 