WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 142 nso seemed, to make each one feel happily To individualize the many great and noble increases their respect for each other and . flnnnintpd with all the others. minded men and women I have had the honor makes ',their affiuitiesrstronger .antT'deeper, The Constitution as- published in our and pleasure of associating with during ray visit, and their ideas broader and more cosmocolumns, wras completed and . the name given. would be invidious, stiin may be pardoned if I politan. The effect will doubtless be eleva"The Woman's International Press Federaname a few of the most prominent, among1 whom ting both to tbe workers and the work. That the union of women in the newspaper world will tion" this was the outcome of a desire not to are Wm. Lloyd Garrison, son of that great apostle have a tendency to greater refinement in that encroach upon the name National a3 adopted whose1 voice was heard so often m of line of work there can be no manner of doubL J)yih9 WashingtonAss'n., and . also because T" f TIT eloquent appeal for the emancipation of the t t .1 The press women of Washington some yeara it wouldt include tne women s 'res3 Associa foot in the son the and following negro, tions of other countries, it being well, known Firice, ; formed an organization called , the his father, fearlessly advocating the freesteps of there was one in active operation in Australia, National. Press Association, and have held dom of that older slave, woman,, . ' ,J : ' .' " find Thft fYmmIfci . tertaln-.in snmfi nthpr lands. .thei r meetings reg u la rly an d given en ments, etc., and it wa3 through a call by the decided how to. get the 'Constitution before Curey, of Wyoming, .who, from the stage of, President and officers of the Association that the other Press Aesociatinns of the. country Albaugh's Opera House,proclaimed Wyoming as the and adjourned. meetings were called. the 'True Republic," and to whom a very beauti The first meeting of press women was in the Another meeting was held in the Willard ful offering was presented by a few women And ihu u following dav. of Willard's Hotel, on Pennsylvania TTntpl narlnrs - lhft J " j It was a' colossal bouquet of choice flowers. To! parlors Avenue, Tuesday afternoon, Feb. 24. Mrs. Constitution submitted and the .Committee this tribute of appreciation and welcome, I had M. D. dismissed, but after some consideration of the LiDcolDjPres. of National, Press the pleasure of decided lip-- would be"" TaatteriWD'wty" more to whom 1 would like, to give a prominen and talented women from various 'sections of proper for a committee to meet, and such a . place, but as said before, where so. many arq the country." " One of the mo3t noted, perhaps, committee was appointed consisting of the great, it would be invidious to enumerate a few. was Mrs. Kate Tannett Woods, of- - Rhode former committee with Mrs. Martha Field, of .enthat the very pleasant gatherings Among Island the. author of many books, and a lady New Orleans to represent Southern women, livened our visit, should be mentioned Mrs. J. H. whose "name is welL known throughout the to appoint, while in session, a Chairman and of in held room the dining Spoffbrd's reception, United States and the world. Mrs. Martha Secretary to take in hand the preparatory the Riggs House, which was gayly decorated for, Field, of New Orleans, better known as work necessary to calling a meeting of delegates the occasion, the lone star of Wyoming occupying Catherine Cole; Dr. Rosetta K. Gilchrist of irom the Women s rres3 Associations in all On : a censpicuous place at the top of the room. Ohio, another celebrity; Belva Lockwood, of parts of the country and notifying those abroad assembled in were Feb. there thaj 21, Washington, Dr. Murphy, of Toledo, Ohio; to send delegates or letters. The President Saturday, room, between 9 and 11 p. ra., men and wo LihVMicbell, representing the Magazine of and Secretary were chosen by ballot, which . mn rf minv rretAt nni rlivprc nnHtiral nnlniAnt- iVfr,:Bu0ftlo,rlfejjrork; and many more,- - resulted as follows; Belva Ai Lockwood Chair-som- e of them residents of Washington, and man, Annie S. Diggs, Secretary. It was yet all laboring for one end, viz., the elevation, of from a distance; the rooms ..were filled' posed that 'a meeting of Delegates should be woman to her proper position in God's universe It is said that Washington is the 'Taracjise .of with ladie3 whose very presence was inspiring, held m Boston in October next, but the mat not decided. ' The National Press Assothe colored race," and truly ! should think it was. and who created an atmosphere of 'intellectual . ciation is anxious the meeting be held at the thought and aspirations. fo", we find them everywhere; whatever, you reas to what should be done led seat of govern ment In Washington. , Expressions quire done, a colored ' fusson" does;jt. . As a to had been what and was dene, revealing it rule they are pome, attentive ana cneertui.:, the ascertained soon Women's that AssociaPress CONSTITUTION. waiter, a3 you leave the table, smilingly; hopes' had tions been New in organized England, you have enjoyed your meal, the cab driver, . " 'v JUinoia ai and besides YprkCOhio, Kansas, ARTICI.E I. NAME. nre:p; lhft ,sanie hone .as. to vour lidfii and soon $w the National onet and that there were repre This Association shall be called the Wo- through all the various positions in which you from each sentatives these. of After present v , ... come in contact with him, ' t vh ...., some discussion as to uniting, the name for man's International Press Federation.' We meet many who appear to be in good cir '.such'-aorgani za t ion-w- as "considered; and lh e rr r n rwuv . j i t r j m ' ti r r.ti tilt uf inui naming of the association proved to be of im- The object of thi3 Federation is to bring warrant you in thinking so; they are well dressed'; ; u took i p .more.time.andreally:i into communication - with each other the PQItancrit stately in bearing, .ahdnn'm yrougni out more ormiant ideas tnan the plan various women's press club3 throughout the acd.well informed We seldom meet a ''colored itself; a great many witty things were said, by world,in order that they may compare methods gentleman" and a white man together but they bright women and just as many by deep of work and young . . . ' ride in the same street cars, and seem .more, at becomcmutually. helpful; to ele- I auu 11 inougnxiui;oiaer ones, finally setting vate the work and theworken, and to forward home in the Capitol than in any other place irj luc .veiuporaruy me name, a motion was by concerted action through the press, such .made to which one or two amendments were nhi anth After the dome of the Capitol, the Washington Offered, that at last resulted in a resolution themselves to the Federation. monument is the most conspicuous building. Ai which was presented and carried, to, the effect ARTICLE AND DELEGATES; you approach the city by railway; the white deme ,. that, a committee of seven be , appointed to , bold blue in relief the sky! rdraw up a. Constitution that could be .stands out against Section 1. The officers of the Woman's Inis olain obelisk! monument a Th Washington - r ... to the women of the world for their ternational Pres3 Federation shall be a ,c r strongly . resembling an enlarged , Cleopatra! suggestion .and approval, and presented at avice president repneedle. In the interior is an elevator, by. which another meeting to be held on Feb. 26. - Mrs. resenting each club composing the Federation, & you can ascend to a gallery near .the iopt and sented , the Kansas - Press Association; Mrs. a reeording;secretsry ifrom the windows an extensive view: of, the sur treasurer, and an auditor of accounts. ' Belva Lockwood, the National Press Ass'n y, Hounding country is obtained., These officers; shall constitute an executive r, Miss Mary Allen West, the Illinois Press committee, which shall transact the business of Ass'n.; Mrs. Estelle M. H. Merrill, the New the Federation and report to the Federation at THE WOMAN'S INTERNATIONAL rress Assti.; Mrs. Minerva M. each' regular annual meeting. PRESS FEDERATION. Merrill, the :New York Press Ass'n Dr R. Sec 2. The "president, first K. Gilchrist, the Ohio Pres3 Ass'n.; and Mrs. recording secretary, correspond secretary, features of the K B. Wells to represent the West where no treasurer 0::t .of the very pleasing and of 'auditor shall be accounts writer visit to Washington was the friendly such Ass'n., had been ' formed. -- Miss Helen : nominated and elected at annual meetings by b(a6Q;-witU7..pres- s' rwpmen'-Ta'lt- be lpre M. Winslbw, of Boston, was also present by ballot A majority vote of officers and deleliminsix, and actual work of arranging for invitation'' though not a member of the CW gates present shall constitute an election.: The the fomatkm of a pre$3 federation.; The' object mitte. ..r. presidentof each club in the Federation shall be being to unite 'the newspaper women of the .This Committee on Constitution met in the" of the Federation, or a club world on some general ground that will be of Riggs House parlors the following, morning may elect a among its --' great advantage to those interested in'- each ' andwith a great deal of deliberation and inmembers. . , , other's methods, and the uplifting 'of women in terchange of ideas set about the wnrl-3.. No member shall, hold more than the great world of progress.That uhion r is It took some time to get the ideas crystalized oneSec. office at the same time.No officer shall be uu uuV upon paper Dut wnen women with strength has been pretty well conceded sin eligible to election for the same office for more marked executive ability undertake to organizations of many various kinds. Several prethan one term consecutively. Each officer shall local press associations have been formed by pare, .a are. sure Constitutipnfthey .to. hold office until the adjournment of the next carry women during the last few years, and meet into effect the purpose for whieh t W ctnw Ja annual meeting. In case of a vacancy, the ings and clubs have given these women quite o executive committee shall appoint a member , an experience in coming icgetner and getting uiuuj;m, . toe 9flA intn ctinK ana J.CLJBiv-tiUhethe in ficouamted a verv friendly mnpr fW uec F rtti ....,1..,, iukt i,,, t,, nt'cessaTiiy entered annual meetiner following her election. ' ; - 4 -- J s: . . ; . . v . . J y.jst Associa-tiou,iiFthe-ehair- "t . : , , , ; -- - - : -- pro-othe- ter-wa- rs s " 3 . n 1- - 11 i - I , 1 1 , I . , III.-FFIC- ERS sub-emitt- ed - . . - , : f-fg- vice-preside- nt, - ' ..- -- vice-preside- vice-president-fro- - m , , ' - . Ms-Mi- rr r 1, : 