WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 364 At the present time, a popular presumption WOMEN IN THE YEAR 2000. then no longer drive the virtuous woman to dishonor, nor on the other will wealth, in the; hands of unscrupulous raen.tempt her frivolous sister-- ! From Ladies' Home JburnaU exists that all girls wish to marry, and fail to do so because they lack-aBY EDWARD BELLAMY. eligible opportunity. kThis presumption exists on account of the ob(Author of "Looking Backward," etc., etc.), It is assumed that the vear 2000. will vious fact that women, being able 'with diffsee Nationalism fully established as the' basis iculty to support themselves, havejn general a LAWRENCE BAREETT. of the industrial system and of society, so far greater material interest in marriage than men have. aa dependent upon it. Judging from the Surely there can be few incidents Lawrence Barrett, the actor, is dead; died signs of the times, I think it would be quite of an unmarried woman's condition , more of heart failure said the telegrams which safe 'to make the date seventy-fiv- e years earlier, exasperating than her knowledge that because flash ws ou nv er r coun try. If he" sadne edthe but for the benefit ot those weak in the laith this is the undeniable fact it vain. for herto-expec- t died from heart failure, he died as he wished to be popularly credited with the volunlt"isT set well ahead. As there are doubtless he might, without struggle- - or pain. It ' la to w must She hat eri choice understand" condition. her of do'not who gome very clearly tary be welh enoufrhHust dure with a smilej however she may rage with,-- ' be hoped that his beautiful life ended peaceNationalism is. it-here to explain, so far. as may be done in a in, ; the coarse jest or innuendo to which it fully., Mr. Barrett dM more to elevate the American stage than any living actor. He phrase, that it - proposes turning over all the wdiild'be worse than vain to reply. .Nationak was a Btudent, a lover of art, a lover of poetry business of the country to a single firm, of ism, by establishing the economic independence which all the people, women as well "as. men, of women, without referring to their single a lover of home He was pure inhis thoughts, nr?timntinn- - clean in his'sneech, an example in manners,- fihuiLiiA p.mniovees.aua in me nrocecus tr Barrett' was all shall be equal partners, leaving wholly referred to by making marriage no more ob- - and cheerful in, disposition. Mr. ' great both a3 arivacttr and a man. ' He was aside, for the present purpose, all explanaviously aesrable to one sex than to anotner. one of the most generous men I ever knew; Woutl( vou gain a realization of the position tions as 'to the details of this plan, and all no needy soal was eyer turned from his door questions as to its feasibility, it is simply" ofTheold with "no." ' He was lovable, his neighbors which in certain out to look the bachelor of the at hero, ways point proposed lordly loved him, his friend3x worshipped him, his the position of women would bo affected by of romance, the cynosure of the drawing room Even it9 successful introduction. and of the promenade. bright family adored him. fViof I asked him one day if he did not get tired oirflrtr onnlf iifArrtdri imAQfl insouciant, tree being, like him in the United States while required, like as air, will the "old maid" of the year 2000 be. seeing the curtain rise andxfall. "No," he said; "on the contrary, I like to see it, but it every adult man (except as. modified by sex It is altogether probable, by the way, that the term "old maid" will by that time have fallen always reminds me of a day when it will fall conditions),, to perform some 1a for the last time to me; but you know with my ' .ah1 wrti.lf o l nAmtnn t r lint n tii1rt' into disuse. annual income in the form of credit, to be But while the uumarried woman of the year faith, it will no sooner fall closing in the darkexpended as she pleased, equal, say, to"" the" 2000, whether young or old, will enjoy the ness and silence of deaths night.than it will rise inlhe brightness of the morning." He has gone dignity and independeuce'of the bachelor of tointo the darkness and stillness of the night; $5,000,rnore or lessccording to the" prosperity day, the insolent prosperity at present enjoyed his "said rest be sweet. He will live in the income to be the by the latter will have passed into the salutary, may of the national firm same in amount with that received by her if sad, eclipse., Np longer profiting by the hearts'of his family as a lover, in the pro- brother, husband, or father, but not to come effect of the nressure' of economic neeessitvJ to her through them or through any other upon woman, to make him indispensable, but in society as a cultured man, and in the world - as a philanthropist. but directly from theL national. (ifj)f imeiifc intermediary, xciusiyt'iy ujjuu ins uilihisic atiracPeace to his ashes, progress forever to his administration, as a matter ot constitutional lions, instead oi being able to assume the ' ' fastidious airs of a sultan surrounded by . spirit. Ex. right. Now, considering the fact that woman, languishing, beauties, he will be fortunate if he can secure bv his merits the smiles of one. owing to her comparative physical disqualifica, NOTES AND NEWS. tions as a w;orker, has hitherto been, as a rule, In the year 200CK noman , whether lover or wnoiiyur paiuanjr ucpt'txueui upon me iavoj husband, mav hone to win the favor, of maid A delegation from eighty Women's Liberal or affection of men for the means of "a, .secure or wife save by desert While the poet, justly Associations lately waited upon Mr. Gladstone anA nmffvtaa evJaf unfa ?t ?a" l.n ideal has the n proprieties, apprehending always and asked him to support the bill allowing mah-at-- the feet of "Bystem like that described would, by render-- . persi3tedin-represeuti- ng to serve on county councils. "MrTGladstone iU ilCl WM6M JUUVJltUUCUl Ul JLUCU JUL ILUS woman, woman has been, in fact, the depenanswered that the principle was all right, and dent and pensioner of man. Nationaliam will that he did not think respect, make a great alteration in her posithere would be much tion. the and the eternal fitness justify satisfy poet opposition to the measure. of things by bringing him to his morrow-bone- s Obviously the most important single reThe recently-appointeexecutive committee spect in which it would be altered would be in earnest. But, indeed, we may be sure that her attitude toward' marriage. She in the year 2000 he will need no compulsion to of the Board of Lady Managers for the World's aa to would no longer be obliged, as most women Fair met in Chicago, April 8. Mrs. Potter assume tjiat attitude. nfTa. to a nnw arf to lnok fnrward mflrrinm r It implies no disloyalty to the womanhood Palmer divided the country into four parts of vuvt !nff ?" tint a hamiitol v fioi nnlvmsatui Affnmnn.i of to believe that the personal dignity equal population, and selected six ladies from yet at least as constituting her main hope of a and moral freedom.unknown before to her sex, each part to form the executive committee secure and comfortable life. The only possible whichwill be the birthrjghtf woma whichjeonsists of MrsrJonas ILFrehchBontoni. twehtielh century, can not fairto react most Miss Ives, New Haven Ct.; Mrs. Amy M fViot- cU Vioicf1P tr o mon wnnlfi LI favorably upon herself, ennobling her graces, Starkweather Pawhinlrpf Tf ' T Mica "RUen May and December might still mate. Beauty JPord, NewYorkMiss MaryHB.,HBtrsseJlsB' otyn4j$ wed the still the sourest 15east,but might, ewarK. sx . j . ; Miss Mary McUandles8, ritts-burcynic making her every way more worthy taan ever . , , i wouiu uo lunger uu auie 10 auriouie an un- - T)eiore of the reverence and devotion of man. Mrs. William Reed,- Baltimore; Mrs. the bride. motive to However sordid ,v There is another and profoundly tragic asworthy xxewton JUmch, Martinsburg, W. Ya.; Mrs. become under she miodit tKo temntatinn tlipn .4VU VUVJC O fT- pect of the relatlou of the sexes, which by no John A. Loffan. Washington; Mrs: Susan C could be none, for ordjLjrijul(iJslie4)eii-- r Cook, Knoxville, Tenn.; Miss Nellie E. Beck, der no necessity of marrying at all, but the meansayWse Nationalism will do for womanhood. The Tampa, Fla. ; Mrs. Mary C- - Cantrell. Georgewealth of all her possible suitors being the same economical pressure which bring3 the town, Ky.; Mrs. James P. Eagle, Little Rock, pame, she could have no motive, save love or a. relation of dependence Ark.; Miss Shakespeare, New Orleans; : Mrs. '...9tomen.ipto. tnn-rtKom oaV1 fnr mirrvinTfnp ailmiraiinn . . Rosine rendered n Rvan. Ansfin Afrc. Virrrinia more or less tolerable upch men, uuvmci, Not only, however,j would Nationalism ' Mrs. C. Meredith, Cambridge guar according to the degree of mutual affection, Ind.; City, aniee woman aignuy ana lnaepenuence before a great rnflltitude of women, who are Edwflrd Ti. Tlnrflott Qonto 1?. fM Srali S. That event not fortunate enough to find marriage, but squally afterward. C Angell, Ann' Arbor, Mich.; Mrs. Henry M. adequate mascuin no way would affect her rbhts as a citizen line support, to a form of slavery more Shepard, Chicago; Miss O. , E. Miller, Cedar morally and a nartner in 'pi. . than degradmg "any otheranlmor complete Rapids, Iowa- - Mrs.- ,- Pranpis RGlarkei St- . humiliation of, completef pectmiaryr depen n its iBatgniryrrheT-mrTncTenl.-Paul; Mrs. Jphn S. Brigga, Omaha; Mrs. E. dence upon their husoands, of being obliged to bondage,which has grown up with the race and W. Allen. Portland Oreo-mM rs. Solomon ask for all they have, beyond bare bread and -- flourishes Tii the face of civilization and Thatcher, Jr., Chicago. meat, which the best and noblest of wives Christendom as and widely vigorously as ever, now have to endure, the wife of thejear 2000 which no wisdom of the economist, no zeal of If you want to he miserable think1 about would never know. the Philanthropist has ever availed to diminYourself ahouJLjwajo Let us suppose, on the other hand, that her ish, Nationalism, bv thp heart, remaining untmirhpd sVir Wi i j i trflradwehTarpri at once and for- you, and what people think of jon. Charles ever extirpate. Want on the one hand will n . -- i . mar ' of-wmc- -- n . -- to-da- y, as-th- self-poised,sore- self-electe- at ly d . 4 - - . - - ! 1 -- wo-me- . . d ; . - --- to-da- y -- cx - J ;'- - ' -- g; 1 . 1 1 1 1 - ; . . To-c-oo- re-duc- - es -- r to-da- y -- 1-' i ; 