WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 34 wood, she trembled and shivered like the leaves above her. She seemed too restles3 to be seat ed but paced up and down between-the'tall stately beech woods, and ocasioually stamped her daiuty little foot as though in anger to be kept waiting. Anon a sound was heard in "the distance and she listened anxiously at first but afterwards more in fear, for she had perceived that the noise wa3 the gallop of a horse instead of footsteps as she had expected. How. is it that when danger approaches one loses all presence of miud and seeks safety in any way except to brave it opeulyr In this' way 'those who" wish to escape obser vation often betray themselves,' whereas by and presence of mind they might' avoid suspicion aud matters be easily;. ' ' : self-possessi-on ' explained. . In this particular instance lady was verv much - disconcerted: ' and. when the j horseman nearer to where she ..stood. , the-youn- g 1. approached , 1 sie leaped on stepping siones across a winding stream into the very depths of the rushes and willows on he opposite side, her feet sinking 'iotdlhft' marshy groli H drrOnlhelii ossylfa h ks of this clear pebbly bn ok she had loved to linger until the dark shadows warned her that the sun was setting, and her maid who was always with her in these rambles, would chids her for staying so late, lest she should take cold from fhft Ip.w! nnur shft np'ithpr fpflrpfl or ilftmn nothing but having her whereabouts exposed. Nearer and nearer came the horse's hoof until it seemed as though the ground wa3 giv- It be called out - to seek her,night is coming, I it became symbolic. Perhaps we have no ' must find her,", and (he poor girl almost flower that approaches these conditions more screamed so. great her1 agitation was becoming. nearly than the Wild Columbine. ''I believe she has crossed the stream I will find First, because it "wears our national colors. her at all hazards'and w'ithout anotheiLword,-eh- e Jarowing in everyrsectionof-t)ur"country71- ts sprangacrose the brook before the young color at the South is more often blue; at the man could intercept her way .soon she heard a North it is white; in the Middle and Western low moan a little farther back and there lay States it is red, with, a golden interior. Its her fair cousin, prone upon the damp earth name,. "Columbine" is derived from the same among the tall rushes; "Help! Help! quick, Latin word as that of Columbus, the discovcried the girl and with a bound the young man erer of our country, and of Columbiathe sprang to the spot, and lifting the prostrate name our nation rightly bears; also of" the disform in his strong arms carried her' to a rock trict where our nation's capital is fixed; of one u ea rby a n d t h e yJb a th edJi e r face and chafed-h- er hands; until consciousness began to return;1 colleges, and of numerous town3 and the ardent, impassioned lover looked at the villages in every State of the Union; last, but brave young horsewoman, who seemed so not least, of the name of our great exposition . while he trembled, as if to ask .what itself. ; 'could be done, she leturned his glance with Botanically, the Wild Columbine belongs to a look of seorn; decision at such a time was the genus Aquilegia, thus bearing a double -ecesary-and-thi3 young woman was strong significance. Theword" Aquilegia is derived from the Latin Aquila, or eagle, the emblem of and firm as well as brave. 'Carry Mis Billiard to the other side," and following quickly disruitv and miirht, and our nation's r.hrvjpn vu y o cj she loosened her horse, jumped into the saddle emblem. From the foregoing we may assume . and bidding him lift up his burlheu,he laid her" a symbolic claim on the part ofthe Wild in the arms of her- - heroic but indignant cousin, Columbine to be regarded as our national and with out a word to the disappointed lover, flower to which no other flower can pretend. she gave rein tohergood steed and was soon out In its typical character we see that it grows of sightjacross the fields she fairly flew,she felt and thrives under the most adverse circumnot the weight in her arms,she onlyjLhougMof stances, clinging to the bare rock, even - as - our safety to the beautiful young creature, so forefathers did when first they opened their crushed and helpless; as she ueared the. Castle eye3 upon a new world. Like the eagle it chooses the highest cliffs for its dwelling, however she pondered how she could avoid suspicion. She had taken the horse for a ride courageously overhanging " the deepest and in the held3, the groom would question why most dangerous precipices. Its trumpet-shape- d she stayed so late, besides how could Ehe get petals cluster around a central shafttypify-in- g down with her cousin in her arms; and who the tongues of many nations joined in one. all. be she would considered this, in the way, but fate was propitious, the coast was clear; in the highly-culture- d garden, its only change there seemed no une about, she rode cautiousunder cultivation being a multiplicity of ana a in stoppe-trumpets, one within another, tg sound the ly up 4ne long avenue, secluded place; all this time her cousin had praises of a free and glorious country. It (has not spoken or made a soundi she was too all the delicate beauty and power of endurance humiliated to know what to say .benumbed with belonging to American womanhood; all the . 1 1 11 t i ii cold and tear, her very Jo cart eemed. paralyzed, oujagew.a:flarmoo)famenca3'"iiODie. sons. Like the voices of our honored states-ke- n, would be a relief. Just as one tries to arouse the trumpet-shapepetals, their-ofii- ce t i nil i Juini leur mi imziyFoneFOYBneDeutiiui: to- the lastleaving the central shaft -- which they cousin of Mis3llilliard tried to make her un derstand she must exert herself, and strange protected, iruitful with seed for coming gento say she succeeded. - Almost without her erations. own volition she slid herself down at the steps Graceful in poise, attractive in form, under of her lathers castle and crept rather than no circumstances becoming a noxious weed, walked up the step3 and hallway into the wearing an air of prosperity as it swings its house; her cousin following, leaving the horse dainty bells from the crevices of bare rocks, without waiting for a servant,fearing questioning what more can be said of any flower, as the emblem of American independence and thrift, might follow. Once inside Miss Hilliard was undressed by than may be said for, the Wild Columbine? her cousin Jane and assisted into bed.the family Let our great Columbian exposition weigh the ' ; physician was duly summonedjwhb pronounced matter. the caser one of nervous prostration, and. no "M. Seaes Brooks.: one in the house except the cousin knew what Woman's Journal. ad brought on this serious ilinessr; Cousin: ana had;xemovediill' the disordered clothing," before even the maid had been summoned, Malice drinks one-haof its own Doison. . ' and there lay the patient, pale and listless Seneca. ' when the Dr. arrived. "Where is Sir EdLaziness errows on neonle: it befrina in cob ward?'.' inquired Dr: Hammond. "Gone up to webs and ends in iron, chains. The more busi London," was the answer given by the maid ness a man has to do the more he is able to acin waiting. "Is there any danger then?" said "NoV cousin J ane anxiously, no! only I thought complish, for he learns to economize his time. her father might like to know just how his Justice is itself the reat standinc nnliev of .... o o r'--- j daughter was, she is very ill, quite low, but civil society, and anv eminent denarture from -- u)urJargest-riversr-of-)ne--of-)ur-mosHm-porta- nt self-possesse-d, -n- . ing way under her feet.and as if the footprints of the horse's hoofs were "penetrating to her very heart; she did not weep, she did not scream', nor even pray; she knew though her brain was dizzy with excitement, that the plan3 she had contrived to shun observation had been - a her father know?" was her first rational thought, for if so,she would rather lie there than brook his anger "Hello, Hello" shouted the rider as he cracked his whin asiain and acrain. until nher iechde3 taiilhrouh IhelvSolTSr'Simulfah" eously with the call of the rider came the heavv 4read ojf a m .4 uw. nU I. uuusi uiy . y ra, u tuea as jiu u au ly - i roue aioo g, for not fiuding his sweetheart at the trysting place, the impatient young lover pressed forward peering here and there, but hearing the "Hello" scarce knew which course to take. At the moment he caught sight of the horse aud its rider, he also detected a glimpse of something ou the other side ot the brook not far off, and suspected it fo be the one they were both in search of. Quick asthought he called, ".What, ho! fair lady what brings you here at such speed? whom seek you: at this hour, some recreant lover? know you not there is danger for one so youngand fair?" The young man spoke almost incoherently; ;and sprang hastily forward to assist the lady to E. - .A A - ... d ttoedioare 1 - J " alightrln-Ch- r lf replied testily I only seek my cousin who came in this direction unattended and I fear' some ill chance has befallen her; she is not used to stray away in this fashiou, and it bodes no sHe niMlf f speaker paused, for she would not feltibe feMrngJobetray-theemotio- n have him suspect what she really thought lest he should baffle her. : "0,your cousin is safe let me assure youshe ... not dangerous." . is HQLherfiahants rwfv-HmtKpiiiJT-w- k" should she come to this lonely place, it doth not suit a gay young girl's mood,she is always smgingand laughing as merry as the warbling birds or the rippling brooks that run on. forever,; to mou letmehejpyou will accompany you to the edge of the wood, and you will cros3 the fields swiftly and reaching home find your fair cousin there before you." "No! No! she is here somewhere you must help me find her, my uncle will miss her on his return and every one at the Castle will k -- :; ,, ': " M OUR NATIONAL FLOWERr It the question - of a .Nation al Slower 'hai not been, decided;why not place the matter in the hands of the Woman's Board of Management of theColumbian Exposition for final settlement? Wherever a flower has been adopted by any country, it has been because , 1 that in some way it represented some historic event or some characteristic quality by which itjrU ndetany-circirms- tai reeliesTunderihelus'' picion of being no policy at allBurke He that visits the sick in hones of a lesracy. let him be never so friendv in all other cases. I look upon him in this to be no better than a raven-thwatches a weat sheep only "to peck out us eyes. Seneca. at In early childhood von mav lav the founda- j j j tion of poverty or riches, industry or idleness, cood or evil, bv the hahits to whirh vou train your children. Teach them right habits then and their future is safe.' , 