WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 320 i exclusion from fctiiTrage of o:ij half of Kc-zens eolely because they arc women too much taken up with the thiog3 of this earth; can we expect the Almighty to pour out II is Spirit if we break the covenant' we have made with him ; when we attend to our dutioa we have the Spirit of the Lord with u?, let us kecj.pur coveuarit; bo faithful aud do the work for our dead. Sisters bu particular in training your children aud be humble before the March 1,1 SOI, prom-ise- a February a programmo rich aud varied; There will bo two public sessions daily, at 10 a. in. and 7:45 p. m , and a service on Sunday afternoon, March 1, which will be conducted by ..tight, of qu rJbcs tlwome hi mi nU tcrsTlIRey. Carolina-- J Bartlclt, of Kalamazoo,' "Mich., will preach the germon.- There will be choice music.by the best talent at all of the sessions, in addition to that furnished by the orchestra. Among the speakers will be Miss Florence Sister Aurelia Rogers President of the Primary Association of Farminton, ...Counselor", Mary 'Clark and Counselor Lucirula Brown inepoke very interestingly, and gave good struction. fcirrrordsim Suffrage, wo should teach our eons the a shcrwotrM-sfty-- uuuus, PiKr.T iTIf!f DESS MAKING for Ladies & PC Children, and MERCANTILE and DRESS MANUFACTURING BURIAL SUITS. GOODS TRIMMINGS, f inTiTiiT'inAi 4 r iri 03 cniiTir l;On.Clty nall.galtlAkerity - irl our hufbandsr h'iatera do all ycu can to make your homes attractive, may God bices .aud pro- pel NaiPb1tt-Thnma,5n- p IMfcSS VE 2G to CV, ' CO-OPERATI- Thc coming convention of the Nalionul American Woman 'Suffrage Association, to be held at Albaugh'd Opera 1 louse, Washington, D. Mrs. Mattie et. WOMAN'S CONVENTION NOTES. . ktcr-Yountrfsaid 1 - Lord. -S- Mr?. M. Isabella nom-.tre- citi- us. Balgamie, of England; Julia Ward Howe, ON-SSt- fF strengthened in what wo have heard. We will now adjourn our meeting for three months to meet at Cenlreville. Singing, "The Spirit of God' Ac. ' Benediction by Pres. Ilces. Piikde C. Scions, Secretary. ' Olympia Brown, Mrs. Lide Meriwether, Rev. Anna Shaw, Hon. J. M. Carey, Mrs. Zerelda G. Wallace, Carrio Lano Chapman, Lillio 'Devereux Blake, Hon. Wm. Dudley Foul kc, Mrs. Josephine K. Henry, Isabella Beecher Hooker, Mrs. Ellen Battello Dbtrick and a host of others. TO PRINCIPAL POINTS Admission. for tho convention is announced HUNTINGTON PRIMARY FAIR. EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH ; as follows: 1 . Box for season (seven sessions) . . . $10 00 2 00 Season, reserved seat, (seven sessions) . ticket "50 (with reserved Single admission 25 Single Sale of season tickets at 1400 G street until : -- Dka r Editor Think ing that a few lines --would bo of some interest, to you, from our Primary Association, to let you know how we arc progressing out here in Emery Couutyywe decided toseudyou a notice of our Primary : Fair. In Huntington wo have 'a primary Association of upward of 'one litjndrcdand tifly child-rcand wo have an average .attendance' of eighty. On September 27th, a fair w3 held here; there was a very nice assortment of fchown up by the children. Fair com- n, ar-iit- hs to begin programme. Co u use "-- rr- 7" Executive sessions and all committee meeting! will be held at the Suffrage Parlors, 1406 G street northwest. The Riggs House will bo the headquarters of the Convention, and will give reduced rates OFFICE, Main Street Salt Lake Cily. 7 S. W. ECCLES, Genl. Pass. Agt. The reduced railroad rate3 have been grant-ein the name of the National Council of Womeu (which meets at Albaugii's Opera d Pr oceedi n z$ co m jnenced with singing and prayer. Forenoon- - exercises: recitation by Matilda. . . """"" ..... ten ihe commandment?, mauworlliy, repeating Minerva and Mackelprang; 80Dg, May Lydk Robinson; recitation, Lula Stevens; dialogue, Lizzie Johnson and others; recitation, Roseila Itilcy; song, Etella Cobard; recitation, Otilda Johnson, Bible questions asked by Susannah Ilopor; song, Hattie Ovard; dialogue, Charles Johnson and others. Stake President Margaret Washburn spoke very interestingly to the children, said there.-- was a great deal of good to bo learned, and we all no doubt can bear a strong testimony to the same. bong by Lllen I owler. remarks by Presi dent Adeiia Mackelpraug; adjourned till 2 p. ira. Dancing commenced 2 p. m, for thechildreu. At five songs and recitations intermingled. jo clock tho children were seated aud refresh--nc- u ts served, of which they paj;tookwtUjbjful hearts and happy smiles. Singing. Benediction by Parley Washburn. I S usa ah R. Madsox, SecretaryiVoJti: AT TICKET UNION February 26, aud after that date at the ticket office at Albaughd Opera House. Preideut and Stak3 nr ecn t Ior-wcr- : ... ... .... vr... XjI. -- from February 10 to March 5, thus covering the timftof both Council and Suffrage Convention. Delegates and visitors to either nieet- ing3 will therefore procure in., the .jiame of the National Council of Women, certificates- - iirom agent at point of starting that the full tare one way ha3 been paid, in order that the reduction on the return trip may be granted. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st South St., SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail Casli Honse - Whereas, It has pleased God to take from "our midst our esteemed friend and Sarah E. Crcer, only dauShterof William end Sarah Banks, and beloved wifc of William O, Crcer. The deceased born at Spanish Fork uiant ieD, 5,1867, married Feb. 12th, 1390, died Nov. 28th. 1893. Being the happy bride of not quite ten months. Therefore be it Resolvedmial we rccogniTe In her death the loss of one of earth's noble women, also a member of, the Woman's Suffrage ..AssodatioiL-OfSpaHkh co-labor- -- Ferk7r"""" : - It ia proposed to start a new magazine in Now York next spring, with Mr3. ilay Riley raith as editor. ----'- 'Gov. Russell's address to the Massachusetts legislature, "last Thursday, was largely devoted to proposeih-eformof the suffrage. He s denounced the exiting for voting as a violation of "this great primal right, of freedom," and ho affirmed that 'the constitutional provision which would deny to the poor man who could not pay his tax-bilthe right to vote, should be torever blotted out of the constitution of a Christian commonwealth' Hut not a word did he utter in censure of tlio tax-qualificati- Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S -- Wfll-tcrlcmxia ...... ... Resolved: That althongh she curdown as fiower and beauty, by the rude hand of death, and torn so unexpectedly from the hearts of those who loved her, that we acknowledge jh;- hand of jQodpindm 3triie to emuTate her virtues and noble example. Resolved: That we extend our heartfelt sympathy1 to the family of the deceased and cause these resolutions to be spread on the records of the Woman's Suffrage Acia-Uo- n of Spanish that a copy be presented to the parents and to the husband of deceased, also that a cWv be forwarded to Woman's for publication Iaxy Davis, : in full bloom Fornd LACES, tr latr-e- t stvlos' .aiui'V. odnctious i , . KUCHES, EMKUODEIUES, GLOVES, PARASOL-- ', FAES, RI 72 And T1EH clouant asorimenf of KIT X) S , GOO Special departitient Ladietf Miasca' and ZD for. fant's Shoes. 112, 114, LI 6, US In- Kail TeinyU Mr Exroxi:' Nancy James, ..."..t.' l, . v 't ,4".' " t ... - Carrie Holt, -- ' s;; Committee. " A:"7.j;..ii.. TIKKERS CAS.WATER & STEAM FFTTES3 Pr1?TlgJUt fr !l?TIMRV,8cebrat)Cil LlF1Tand KOIi'. on short notice. 'Onlort Z. tbooriitryprcm;Hy rfOndcd to. PumpH Cppairc-- u ' E 