in U J.A. 1 The Rightsof the' Women of Zionjand Vol; 20. ' ' M'HP W n the Rights of' the Women JLJ JL- - v 11 of aU Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 1, 1891. ' CONTENTS. And where our weary feet 'mong brandies stray d, And sorely in our anguish we were iried. .Stern duty was our motto, and we sought To tread the narrow path, and trust m God Braving life's battles though with perils fraught, And bowing meekly 'neath the chastening rod. And brighter grew the way as years rolled on, And light beam'd up where all around was dark, And well we deem'd it that some toil was done K'en though accomplished by a glim'ring spark. Constitution of the National-America- n Woman In Memoriam L. L. Suffrage Association. GreeneRichardsTEighty YearsDIcirSympathy Mary Y. Corby. A Box on the Ear. Forgive- R. S. Report Cassia Stake. W. S. A., S. L. Co. The White Cross Movement in Education. A Pleasant Gathering. Old Maids Organize Ex. Miscellaneous. Editorial: Agitation is Educational. -- Edi torial Notes. S. W. Richards. - Love Thy Neighbor as Thyself Eliza D. Gibbs. Executive Session. . Love Woman's Poetry :T'Does Forget?" Journal, Regret Jean Ingelow. Fancy's Panb rama E. B. W. Uuto the Least of These Louise Betts Edwards. At Evening E.f B. W. ness.- Self-Sacrific- Love-God-No- e. s "DOES LOVE FORGET ?" "Does love forget all it forgives?" once said The fair young Greek, who sadly learned to inow, Though much we love, we ne'er forget a blow. The scar itself rgmains, though pain is dead, - , And was forgiven when the wound wasred. True love remembers, but forbears to show The hand that only should caress bestow, The hand that to sweet waters should have led. The perfume that in flower unconscious lives, The light that paints to tints the dullest forms, Are not more subtle than the love that warms The human heart. From Him who much forgives It comes. A gift divine, a touch as yet OT perfect love that needs not to forget. Woman's Journal, " Vice-Preside- t tion." quorum for the transaction of business. ;jjjEL-fit- REGRET. Oh, that word regTet There have been "nights and morns when we have sighed "Let us alone, regret I We are content , To throw thee all our past, so thou wilt sleep For aye,,, But it is patient, and it wakes: It hath not learned to cry itself to sleep, But 'plaineth on the bed that it is hard. We did amiss when we did wish it gone, And over. Sorrows humanize our race; Tears are the showers that fertilize this world; And memories of things precious keepeth warm The heart that once did hold them. They are poor Who have lost nothing; ' they are poorer far Who, losing, have forgotten; they most poor . Of allhoJoK andwishjhey. -,- . . For life is one, and in its warp and woof There runs thread of gold that glitters fair And sometimes in the pattern shows roost sweet Where there are somber colors. It is true That we have wept. But oh, this thread of gold. We would not have it tarnish; let us turn Oft and look back upon the wondrous web, " 't And when it shineth sometimes we shall know That memory is possession. ,. 1 VV. N BY-LAW- S. BY-LA- ; - 7EAN TNGELOWr I see, within the shadows of past years, panorama all unrolled tGnrierp"y" In many places blurred with woman's tears, But life-liin its outlines, clear and true. Visions of wildest fancies come and go, And whisp'rings of some dear delicious hours; And soft and deep and musical the flow Of mem'ries river murm'ring 'mid life's bow'rs. How silently we summon to our aid The monitors then wont to be our guide, ; -"- -A ke . , States subscribing to this Constitution and paying not less than one dollar annually into; the treasury of this Association shall become members thereof, and, shall be entitled to attend all its meetings, to participate in all dis cussions that may arise, and to receive reports and other documents published by it. Sec. 2. The payment of fifty dollars ($50.-0into the treasury of this Association shall constitute any citizen of the United States a Life Member of the Association, with all the privileges belonging to the regular annual 0) members. 2 ; Theyofficers of this Association shall be a President, a a Recording Secretary, a Corresponding Secretary, a Treasurer, a Chairman of the Executive' Committee, ; and two Auditors. The officers named in this Section shall be nominated by an informal ballot at a business session of the Annual Convention of the Association. , , The three persons receiving the highest number of votes for any office shall be Vice-President-at-larg- e, icpMderedjtltelilOminCea ofiheiConventionibr that office, and the will of the Associationshall be taken by a formal ballot. 2. he By-La- w K h6ld oherffi for the advocacy of its principles. ARTICLE III. . Sec. FANCY'S PANORAMA. ii. Wherever State or Territorial As- sociations auxiliary to the National 'American Association exist, the Presidents .of such Associations ghall be considered of the National-America- n Association, representing therein their respective States and Vice-Presiden- ts Territories. Sec. 3. Each State or Territorial auxiliary Association shall elect from its membership one person to serve on the Executive Committee of the National-America- n Association. Sec. 4. The President, of the National- - speci- II. of its Constitution, this Association shall seek to concentrate the efforts of all the advocates of United States by the following methods:;(l) It shall hold . annually in Washington one meeting of delegates (according to the basis of representation stated in II.) for the transaction of business, the election of officers, and the advocacy of its principles; and itjmay. woman-sufTrage-in-t- The object of this Association shall be to secure protection in their right to vote to the women citizens of the United States by propriate,National and State Legislation 1. 1. fied in Article Association. Section W For the accomplishment of the object n ARTICLE IV. s. This Constitution may be amended by. a majority vote at any annual meeting, notice of the amendment having been given at any preceding annual meeting. The name of this Association shall be The National-AmericaWoman Suffrage t shalk ARTICLE V. ARTICLE I. TJ!; Committce,- tive- Vice-President- " article ,:Th-Kxectt- ' "elect annually from'tho veterans of our cause ten or more ffouorary CONSTITUTION OF THE NATIONAL-AMERICAWOMAN SUFFKAGE ASSOCIATION. , -- , ceding Sections of this Article shall constitute the Executive Committee of this Association; of- - these officers, -- fifteen- shall constitute a By contrast of those ills and griefs and fears; And humbly may we our true mission fill Through all the changes of the coming years. 1 " : Sec. 5. The officers enumerated in the pre to contemplate, at times, The pictures which remembrance conjures up, E.B. nt n -- et;hoingJbfcIlkg-l5fnrm- s; Though seemingly we drain the bitter cup, Tis but in thought, and life looks brighter still ' No. 3. American Woman Suffrage Association shall to represent on ita appoint a Lxecutivo Boarcl a ny State o r Terri tory whe re no totate or Territorial Association exists Associaauxiliary to the National-America- rs pleasant thus w, 0 (2) It shall to - itself in every: S tale and Territory where none such now exist, and, Recognizing the auiuoruy oi us auxiliaries in ineir respective States and Territories, it shall promote their local work by every means in its power.. (3) It shall publish tracts, speeches, and other documents, and shall furnish the same at actual cost. (4) It shall prepare and circulate petitions to Congress and to State and Territorial Legislatures on behalf of the political and civil equality of women, and take such other measures for the promotion of woman suffrage as the Executive Committee shall determine upon, subject always to the will of the Association. BY-LA- & (ll. W Section BASIS OF REPRESENTATION. Any State or Territorial Woman Suffrage Association may become auxilWoman , Suff. iary to the National-Americarage Association by payincr annually into the Association treasury of the National-America- n ten cente per member of the State Society and T l of its auxiliaries. Sec. 2. It shall be the duty of the Treas- u rer of JeaqlLaajr.il iaryl Assdciatiaataend to -the Treasurer of the National-America- n Wo1. n paid-upca- man Suffrage Association, beiore'January 1st' in each year, a list certified to by its Record-iD- g Secretary of the members of said organi! ," zation for the cu rrent year. ; Sec 3. Every such auxiliary Association shall be entitled to send three delegates to the annual convention of the National American Woman Suffrage Association, and one delememgate in addition for every bers of the State Society and of its paid-ulocal auxiliaries. Sec. 4. All officers of the, National-America- n "Woman Suffrage Association shall be ez! one-hundr- ed p -- 