WOMAN'S .EXPONENT, 146 position in life, in business aflairs, a3 well a3 and knowlsocially; and. by her edge . she . might - be able to- - assis- t- and encourage him,' when disappointment' and eternal life.' i worry over business affairs harass him; a few y': ' It was in offering sacrifices that Abel, the kind, cheering words, when understanding his first martyr, obtained a knowledge that he position, would count for much more than if she was utterly ignorant in these matters; not wa3 accepted of God,aud that knowledge from that we are egotistical enough to believe Abel's time down to the present has been obtained in the same wav. everything is going to be pet right when we Those then -- who' inake this sacrifice will have the power, but tharshhFsihlTright to'' have the testimony that their course is pleastry, no true American can deny. During the past winter many of our asso ing in the sight of God; and those who have this testimony will have faith to lay hold on ciations have- been studying civil government, eternal life, and will be enabled through faith and I have. been talking with several gentle-- ; to endure to the end and receive the crown men in regard to assisting us in understanding that is laid up for them that love the appear something of municipal government, whicb,by Jheir aid, can bp made anc? of Jesus Christ, our Lord. was effected in January and workers and desirous most of our members-arof progress,having in view a knowledge that God life and salvation a person roust belong to a religion which requires the sacrifice of all earthly thing?, for it is through this sacrifice that God has ordained that men should enjoy . - -- heiiefldaLtQ-USOur-reorganizatio- -- chise, we cannot but hope that as agitation of this- - question is increased, those who now possess power may-b- e -- induced -- to think- - on this subject, and confidently expect that calm, sober thought by the statesmen of our nation will lead them to adopt such measures as will permit all the women of our nation to exercise this high privilege of citizenship. - The fundamental principle upfln which representative Gojvwninentis based JsA'that all just" Governments derive their powers from the consent of tbe governed."- - Can a Govern-- r men t truly be said to be just, when it deprives one-hal- f of the independent intelligences it assumes to govern, of. the only measure, now known by which their consent can be ascertained or expressed? JWe think not, and so n tive Goverjiment is based upon an expression of the free will of every individual member who is capable of intelligently expressing his e 'WOMAN'S PROGItES Sr -m- Mr?. E. B. Wells: Dear Sister: I have been thinking for some time that I would write a few lines to your valuable paper, though I do not suppose my silence has been missed. Our little burg has still a longing desire for advancement, and seeing the Herald's account of the general reception given "our Delegates at Washington and- - sinceby-so-man- y leading papers,-arous-ed w in iiHii L.uiiiiifli r. the subject buoyant on woman. nearly approached' political emancipation now, and her victory i9 surely inevitable, Respectfully, Sarah h mm ' , that have been made in the past few years, which is being proven beyond a doubt that e not to be crowded out or left beinterest in the work ' is hind, but essentjal to true progress. Would to God that woman herself would arise from the' thanthe "onr whic . va.vu. Willi lUe IVJJCiUCl little gossip that jseem3toemorfi.plesi. prevalent among neignbornoods, monopolizes all the spare time that most women have, and trMMi an nftn IfnifJa tn nnAnAnkU The little things in life generally cause the greatest trouble and possess the most influence for good or evil. So will a single word many times change the course of life as quickly as an event apparently a hundred times greater. .Let us guard our little acts, be always watchful of the results which a carelessly spoken word orrlook or frown jrn ay produce, jor we are similar to mirrors and to a greater or less degree possess reflective and refractive I- . - qualities; a smile will produce a smile, and an angry word is sure to be cast back. Then let us be watchful of our tongues and guard our actions Our motto should be, work with a will at whatever will bring the greatest happi- ness to the individual or to the masses. Now ... ' .1 it aI ; js iuB unit) tu uegm u we tnave not already. Don't wait The world in its ceaseless journey never waits. Nature in its laws has provided well for . , . rest, but has made no -- : : " r I " cr imagine that the women who attend the Washington Convention must return in th! homes fully convinced that there is a class of ,,Uwuu nun, uuw uu.vurjt, wiin a Eerelstencxjofjeffortihiit is bound to -a victory to the cause of riht; and thisbring woman V reform which is so formidable in its en- ... vv, iU, iuc liiiei must j survive," I believe it to be in the economy of Heavenjhat woman shall no longer be held back because she is $ woman, but wherever intelligence existsrdevelop humanity. How often I think man might be benefitted -- ithnof bjhiaxomnanion umWtanrW,. -- or her wilL freely conceded that insane persons do not possess intelligent wills, hence they cannot express them, and that children whose minds need training and development cannot but be dependent upon their. tutors, hence their consent is implied by the laws of existence, but there is no law of being that makes woman's will dependent upon the will of man. Ihe sexes complement each-oth- er they travel upon parallel lines, side by naturally endowed with similar aspirations, each in its own sphere with equal intelligence, amenable to the same laws, both human and divine, each with individual responsibilities, each entitled to personal liberty of body and what in the near future must be considered as a higher natural freedom, the right to express their individual choice through casting their ballots just as we do.. Holding these views we meet often together to discuss social and political questions desir-in- g that we may be fully able to discbarge our It' is side-with-eaeh-o- therr am from the first . Territory that by its laws recognized the ballot as the natural birthright of woman as well as man; and a near neighbor of the only State in the Union that recognizes in its Constitution that the consent' the just exercise of of woman Is essential-t- o power in the government to make laws for her guidance. ';. will not deem it egotism when I I beg you remind you that the Eagle, emblem of our gov- eminent is indigenous to a mountain country, and that there is a something in the rarified atmosphere, of high- - ajjitudes' that impels the" exercise our rights, fondly hoping that the time human soul to pant for greater heights of human liberty than is today enjoyed by .the is not far distant when intelligent women will vote ior men nd .measures be permitted-t- o is -- not strange thenthat the pradti-"- 7 that will tend to elevate society; when a wo-- v cal disenthrallment of woman, should first beman's vote will be at least equal to that of a come crystallized into organic laws in the wilds man, who may have cast his ballot when temof the Rocky Mountains. insane by intoxication. r porarily .The branches of the Woman's Suffrage As' Electa Bullock. sociation .in Utah Territory are in a flourish ing condition, our meetings are frequently held and numerously attended, and I believe a close Envy is a weed that grows in all soils and scrutiny of the statistical reports will show that a larger porportion of the women of Utah climates, and is no les3 luxuriant in the country than in the court; i3 not confined to any rank are enrolled as members of the Association of men or extent of fortune but rages in the -- than-in any State or Territory of the United breasts of all was not deree "V" : States. 3 prouder than Diogenes; and it may be, if we The peculiar circumstances surrounding Utah and her political and sor.i.il rrdfltinna iiuuiv,vuut( Ui. vu out iSO llrlli I13"IUU5D gauuj dress and attire, and in the exercise of its full are such as cause the questions of the extension ana limitation or tne right to vote to possess empire and tyranny, we should find it in school-master- s and scholars, or in some; peculiar and grave significance to all classes of her citizens, and to elicit extensive disqus--sio- n country lady,- or the knight, her " husband all which ranks of people more despise their ie" about pHhciples" neighbors than all the" degrees of honor in underlying the rights or privileges of the elective franchise. The people of Utah of all which courts abound, and it rages as much in a sordid,affected dres3 as in all the silks and emclasses, are driven by the force of circumstances broideries which the excess of the age and the to think on this subject, and it is very gratifying to note, that the more people think about folly of youth delight to be adorned with. it, the larger are the numbers of those who Since then it keeps all sorts of company, and advocate Woman Suffrage as an abstract wriggles itself into the liking of 'the most contrary natures and dispositions, and yet right, and as a proposed practical amelioration carries so much poison and venom with it.that ot the evils which now infest which society. alienates the affections , irom heaven and T man" alone" without the aid has: it raises rebellion against God Himself. It 13 hitherto been unable to successfully erapeleworth our utmost care to watch it in all its T ; - with and overcome. The fact that deep, earnest disguises and approaches, that we may discover thought on this it in its first entrance and dislodge it before subject generally makes converts to our theory is aH but conclusive procures a shelter or retiringplacejojolge proofthat the advocacy it pUYomaa Suffrage is one of those revolutions and conceal itstlf. Clarendon. of human society that never go backward bence, although we in Utah have once pos.' of the land owners in Great sessed, but we are now deprived of the fran. Britain are women. ., regret to say that the number are few that comprehend any responsibility of more magni tude A. Boyer. I it I can note with pleasure the great strides women-ar- as REPORT OF UTAH BEFORE THE N. A. W. S. CONVENTIONS u nunu iir of the equality of iiimi rvrr -- tosexr for this is woman's era; never before has she so il-defend- ' maesTt r " : ... her-peopli '. - the-bas- , of-wom- an, ' One-seven- th -- 