 ' t , ' , '  ?WTy The Rights of the Vol. 20. :'nmen"Ziontrand''the Rights of "Ah! life is so rich" and full," she.cricd, "And nTOXPJsshojllhaugh the days a re long! edi tation M ar yY-Corb- vi In JUiamgh Rural England A Sfoty. Our National Flower M. Sears Brooks. Cheerfulness Minnie Hul- -bert. Woman's Rights f Sarah B: Lavton. 'Obedience R. S. Report. A Jane John. ricture of Home Dr. J. G. Holland. The Training of a Nurse Mary Cadwalader Jones. VVrimo- Emma M. Gtllett. ciaugnsis ciud tiouse Personals. Miscellaneous. Editorial: Women in the world's Fair. Editorial Notes. Death of Mary Ann Pratt. W. C. M. and M. Institution Gladys iWoodmansee, VI T - . . he-ilence. , "And now I will weave tny web,'' she said, As she turned to her loom ere set of suri, And laidjher hand on the shining threads To set them in order, one by one. But hand was tired, and heart was weak; "I am not as strong as I was' sighed she, "And the pattern is'blurred,and the colors rare Are not so bright, or so fair to see! GOD O'ER RULETH ALL THINGS : RIGHT. . Uen our narrow-sighte- d vision Cannot trace th' Eternal aim! Let us wait His wise decision, Let us trust Him still the same. Past our fceble comprehension- -Is God'scoiorehensive care, Yet we know thatiall who seek Him Need not perishf in despair. "I must wait, I think, till another morn; must go to my rest with my work undone; It is growing too dark to weave!" she cried, As lower and lower sank the sun. She dropped the shuttle; the loom stood still; The weaver slept in the twilight gray. Dear heart! Will she weave .her beautiful web. In the golden light of a longer day? ... I ; Never can consistent goodness-He- ed the fledgu'ng raven Very And neglect His Suffering children Or His promised aid deny. L, . I had-fathe- "Ah! life is too busy at noon," she said; "My web must wait till the eventide, Till the common work of the day is done, . widelV-So.....And my heart grows calm in one by one, the hours passed on Till the creeping shadows had longer grown; Till the house was still and the breezes slept, And her singing birds to their nests had flown. Letter From Mexico M. A Mistake Corrected M. E. K. God O'er Ruleth Poetry: Right ... All Things Webtar tt wooamansee. n. jcmny Weaving the A Dorr. B. Julia t ragment E. W. The t. OregomaC. Horatio Jessen. - .1- J -- rJULIA I - ".''''' ' "Bruised reeds shall not be broken-Smok- ing flax shall not be que.nch'df' E'en though many a pain and sorrow Must be borne-4-ankeenly sens'd. Griefs that seem tq tear asunder Tender'st fibres jjof the heart Are but chords to draw us to Him Who alone can teal the smart. d Crush'd arid bruis'a afe sweetest blossoms All their fragrance, to distil; . Precious souls are tried and proven. Love's own purpose to fulfill. Humbly let us bowbeforeHiin?. i Vhr frnm trlnnmpvnlvpth "b"-- ' b" I," ' liorht? And .with trusting h parts' acknowledge God, o'er ruleth ill things right, - : --- r- Emily H. Woodmansee. WEAVING THE WEB. "This morn I will weave my web," she said, As she stood byher loom Our Father ! who does not love those endear ing words? Some of us can look back to days of our earlier childhood and rememember when our earthly father took us by the hand and led us to the house of God to mingle . with His people in his worship. We remember with what confidence we placed ourselves in his care 'how perfectly safe we felt, how hap'pv in his company as he led U3 to the place "where prayer was. wont to Joe made, and" now we loved him, lor was he not our lather. Some of us can remember when our earthly father was laid among the "clods of the valley!' and we lost his protection, his "counsel and perhaps his help, and we shall see him no more until the resurrection of the just, but we have still our Father in heaven, who cares for u more than any earthly parent can do. He permits us - to be called, "The sons and Daughters of the Lord Almighty" The beloved disciple John says. "Behold! what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God." Notwithstanding this we have often sinned against Him and the fruits of onr disobedience : in the rosy light," A rs to-perr- ait us-to-co- y IN RURAL ENGL AND. . - De scrmtive . T)assa?es 1 " J o in a storvj arft nnf." nlwnra acceptaoie to tne puoiic, nevertheless one can- Hdwe7T aV0i3 dwellinL unon rom whcn writing of a" 'country" as charming "as England, and especially the rural districts; one read of them with delight, but what must it be to see and wander throun-siirh picturesque, scenes, and places as are familar. to the native-bor- n English man or woman. V In one of the most beautiful narta of thu country a young maiden was wandering alnnp" her eyes' were downcast, as though her thoughts were intenselyoccupiet, she stopped now and then a moment in her walk to nluek a wild flower, and then nervously nicked it tn pieces, and scattered the leaves to the soft sum- -' mer breeze. Evidently she was much perplexed; sometimes she would pause for a moment' as if. shewould retrace her and then dart rapidly forward, looking about her as though ' in doubt or fear. As she neared the outskirts of a magnificent forest' she glanced cautiously around, then plunged, as it were into the thicket of undergrowth that hemmed in the woods.' As she did so she listened now and again like one in alarm.; Why had she ventured thus far alone, she, yrho was always so vwell attended?: Her face, her manner evenngjtbojthere Her figure .was "6ired"onToTgenlIeoroor-hide His face from us, but when like the slight and willowy, her slender arms and neck were of the most graceful contour,ter hair prodigal we have returned to Him with contri tion of spirit, confessing onr gins and way ward- - loosely twisted was falling from th pearls with ness, ne nas Deen reagy ana wining w iorgive, .which it had beenfaskned and :fehimmered in and'the still, small voice ofJove has whispered the sunlight like burnished gold.Her dre33 to us. "Return unto me, and I will return was of some soft airy Tabric, of that charming unto you," jLel us then examine ourselves color that remindsoneof a and see how we stand in relation to our over her shoulders she had thrown in the most ' Heavenly Father. Let us look back again a neglige fashion, a rich India cream colored v few years and call to mind how we treated our shawl, a leghorn hat was tied with earthly father, how we received him, how ribbon under her fine cut dimpled chin; her willing to run at his1 call aDd do his bidding,; cheeks were glowing with the flush of excite-H- i how dutiful and obedient even when he as lne stcwd Ja. the thicket that deep step3?i& " , iiave-been-bitterj-la- use Followed afar the swaillow's flight. "As soon as the day's first tasks are done, While yet I am fresh and strong,'' said she, "I will hasten to weavethebeaijtifur Whose pattenxis known-t- o none but me! -- web" "I will weave it fine, I will weave it fair. And ah! how the colors will glow!" she said. "So fadeless and strong will I weave my web That perhaps it will live after I am dead." But he morning hours sped on apace; The air grew sweet with the breath of June; And young Love bid by the waiting loom, as he hummed a tune. Tangling the-thread- s me Cr:F;-DORRj- . . a s and live." We have not minds large enough to comprehend all the goodness our Heavenly Father has manifested towards u. Even in our primeval state, we were upheld by His power and goodness, and when it pleased him to this earth, Hw watchful eyes was still over us for good, and none have more fully experienced the.watchful care of our Father in heaven, than the Latter-daSaints, to whom he has revealed the Everlasting gospel, also. Ilia mind and will concerning us. He has graciously made known unto us by commandment-wh- at our duty is, and by promises what we may look forward to, if we keep his perfeot jaw. Uur time of trial here will be but short, when we shall pass behind the veil to mingle with Prophets and Patriarchs and all who have -fulfilled the requirements of the Gospel. Let us at all times,seek to possess the Spirit of God and live nearer to Him "Nearer my God to : Thee Nearer to Thee." ;; Mary Y. Corby. t( MIDNIGHTJdEDITATSG Kindly watches over all And without His gracious notice E'en a sparrow cannot fall. confi- - jupenor-wisaomranieir mat he knew best what was good for us, and "If. we of our flesh which corrected ua and we gave them reverence, shall we not much rather be in subjection to the Father of Spirits ruence-irrtii- the-cloudl- , No. 5. chastised us, we loved bira, for we had This noon I will weave my beautiful web, I will weave it carefully, fine and strong." But the' sun rode high in sky; . The burden and heat of the day she bore; And hither and thither she came and went, While the loom stood still as it stood before. ! - all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, -- SEPTEMBER 1,1891. CONTENTS. 9 the Women of -- ; sea-gree- n sea-nyrap- b, lute-stri- ng 4 