38 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' As you look along the street it looks like a solid mud wall with here andthere a door "with some sort of assign and if you inquire or enter, you find stores, meat shops and saloons. No trees, no flowers, no grass, no running water to be seen, everything is of the same color, and that is a mud color except on the public square where a, few trees are to be seen. Seats of mud a few yards apart, surround the sqaare and a ystand is in the center whererthe band sit when-theplay on holidays. The women wear on their heads, in summer and winter, a long scarf usually black alpaca, but sometimes black lace. They often attend our meetings and seem pleased that some of our people are learning their language. Though o there are some unt)leasant features and some hardships to be endured in settling a new country, living among a people who do not understand us or we them, yet there are also some great advantages.- - Our children are not thrown into temptation onevery hand.- No saloons are in" our midst, no smoking or gambling. I have not . - - smoke or speak a profane worcf since I have been here except by the Mexicans. We have an excellent School Teacher, who was educated in the B. Y. Academy so that our children are not neglected in their spiritual or secular education. The people are working hard building up the country, making it blossom as the rose. They have done well in the short time they have been here considering the many disadvantages they have had to contend with. Many of the brethren are at work on the Rail Road that is expected to connect us with the outside world before long, when it is completed Tin ffnnKf mini) nf nnr N"rrt!-irfritnrle wpitl .JoTf us. " "" " ;: to attend you in Praying the blessings of God 1U .11 -- l am your Sister, . -- Atigust-igriSr. R. S REPORT. STAR VALLEY, COTTONWOOD WARD " ' Mrs E. C. Wells: '.Dear Sister:, In reading the columns of your most excellent and interesting paper, 1 see you are receiving reports of the differentbranche3 of the Relief Society through out the various Stakes of Zion and as we wish to be numbered among the of so noble and grand an organization I feel impressed to relate the condition of our Society. We have been organized a. year the 24th of June last, and the Society is in a good working condition; and I am pleased to say we are united in this noble cause although we are very few in number, and widely scattered; all seem to take a great interest in coming to meetings to partake of the sweet influence of the spirit of God that i3 present to assjst us in doing good; true we are making a new settlement here, and meet with a great many tlisadvan-j- . but we feel tages, and inconveniencies, encouraged knowing the same God i3 watching over us, and is ever willing to pour out his blessings upon us in as much as we are faithful in performing our duties and magnifying our positions. We have a good, kind President, who is zealous in her duties and ever encourages the sisters to be one in-a- ll things to noble work are the we engaged pertaining all are and in; eager willing Jfetchintheirl little mite to help along, and we feel that we are blessed, and are progressing very favorably under the circumstances in which we are placed.. We hope to improve in .all things as fast a3 circumstances afford us means and bet-- . ter conveniences, We hope some time in the near future to have the honor of-- a visit from some of the sisters who stand at the bead of the Relief Society to encourage and instruct us in the grand" work we are engaged in. Praying that theJ3pir.it .olGodwill guide-an- d direcTus in all our righteous endeavors. We remain your Sisters and in the cause of truth. co-worke- rs -- co-work- AMISTAKECQRRECTEDir Electa L. Walton, Sec- -- becausesbexoTi1dnfyTier" taxes,. The officer asked her if there was any reason why she should not pay a tax on the 1.000 dollars. She replied, "this is my daily bread and it is so small I do not know how to divide with you.'' The tax was not required. She says she feels satisfied that her Father in heaven heard her prayers for those officers And they will deserve the benediction, "Blessed are the merciful for they shall obtain mercy." Also s a v sjshe, - w h Ptrr-- f tin ue t& toraTr-f ftk J - rvrt j light of truth may shine into their hearts and clear their vision to that degree that they may love their neighbor as themselves and deal ou equity and justice to all nnder their care. When this prayer is answerecL upon our nation, will we not be a happy people. They need great wisdom at the present time, and where will they get it? Only at the fountain of light and intelligence. .ill-co- ' -- M. E. K. Aug. iSth, 1S91. - d. -- ' 1 the next morning how I went to bed. 1 I remembered nothing, of After breakfast the bible is taken down, and tne good tnan prays again; and again is the worship repeated through all the days of many golden years. The pleasant converse of the firesidethesimple songs ofhomejrtheWofds of encouragement as I bent over my school tasks, the kiss as I lay down rest, the patient bearing with the freaks of my restless nature, the gentle counsel mingled with reproof and approval, the sympathy that meets and assuages e.very sorrow and sweetens every success; all these return to me amid tbe respon-- . sibilities which press upon me now, and I feel as if I had once lived in heaven, and staying - I wish to correct a mistake made' in the last issue,under the heading, Comforted Again. The mistake is simply this: I said the sidewalk put down this season cost 96 dollars. I am told it was Only repaired at the cost of 69 dollars, quite a mistake you see. But when newly laid down it cost 120 dollars. .1 also wish to give credit to the officers for patience, for they are not in a hurry as we supposed, and surely deserve cur respect when they show themselves thoughtful and careful of those r under their care. I would again giveihern credit for their kindness to an old lady over 70 vvhoTsld.her home hold of the widely open doors open to the soft south winds of spring and watch the cattle, whose faces look half human to me as they sun themselves and peacefully ruminate while drop by' drop the melting snow on the roof drills boles through the wasting drift beneath1 the eaves. The first little lamb3 of the season tottle by the side of their dams, and utter their feeble bleatings, while the flock "nibble at the hayrack, or a pair of rival wethers try the strength of their skulls in an encounter half in earnest and half in play. The proud old rooster crows upon his dunghill throne, and some delighted member of his silly family leaves her nestand tells to her mates and to me that there is another egg in the world. The old horse whinnies in his stall and calls to me for food. I look up the roof and think of the last year's swallows soon to -- return again and catch a glimpse . of angular sky through the diamond-shapeopening that gave .tbeman-ingress-a- nd r egress. How, I know not and care not, but that old brown barn is a part of myself it has entered into life and given me growth and wealth. But I look into the house again, where the life abides, which has appropriated tbese things, and finds among them its home. The hour of evening has 'come, the lamps are lighted, and a good man in middle life though very old he. seems to.be takes down the bible and reads a chapter from its hallowed pages. A sweet woman sits at his side, and brothers and r J i il . do not understand the words,-- but I have been told that they were the words of God, and I believe it. The long chapter ends and then we all kneel down7and the good man prays. I fell asleep with my head in the chair, and A PICTURE OF HOME. I ..recall a home long since left behind in the journey of life, and its memory floats back over me with a shower of emotions and thoughts toward whose precious fall my heart lost my way. opens itself greedily like a thirsty flower. It Well, the good man grew old and weary and is a home among the mountains humble and fell asleep at last with blessings on his lips for homely, but priceless tn its wealth of associame. Some of those who called him father lie tions. The waterfall sings in my ears, as it side by side in the same calm place. The others" used to through the dreamy, mysterious nights. are scattered and dwell in new homes, and The rose at. the gate, the patch of pansies the old houseanoV barn Liidar5h.ard3JiaYe under the, jvindo w the nejghbonngrcbardV int6'"the bands of strangers, who have passed r thlroWH of storms learned, or are learning, to look upon them as ami showers, the little smithy under the bill I do now. ' that flamed with strange light through the dull Lost, ruined, forever left behind, that home winter evenings, the wood-pil- e at the door, the is mine today, as as ever it was, for have ghostly white birches on the hill, and the dim I not brought it truly with me and shown it away blue haze on the retiring mountains all come to was the home of my boyhood. In It you?. back to me with an appeal that touches my it found first I mental food, and by it was my heart and moistens my eyes. To me, through my young soul fashioned. I sit again in the door-wa- y at summer nightfvears and many dangers and sorrows, it all1 eating my bread and milk, looking off unon weary Jias Jbeen perennial-fountaiir"of delight Trad" :Jhedarkenmgl . 0 puriiymg miiuence, simply oecause it was my , snouu 01J Doys upon ' tne calling or home, and was and is part of me. The rose at driving home the reluctant herds. I watch the blooms for me now, the landscape again the devious ways of the dusky night-haw- k whengate I summon it, and I hear .the voices that along the twilight of the skv and Utn call me irorn Jipswhichl m iQ iw measured nofe7 andlthebrezyboom' V immortal. uat accouapames plunge to the G. Dr. , 1 A 1 . hill-side- - ;;-- ms-aeadi- ong earth. Even tfe. old barn, crazy ia every timber and gaping at erery joint, has charms for me. I try again the breathless leap from the great beams tothe hay. I sit again on the thres J. Holland. Beneath the rule of men entirely great the Bulwer pen is mighter than the sword. Lytton. .. - - 