WOMAN'S T "MrLifi May Davis, recently elected school trustee in Terre Haute, Ind., will, according to custom, serve as secretary of the board during the first year of her three yean' term." "Mrs. Todd, who assisted Colonel Jliggin-so- n Peace to the dear beloved one's gone before, Treasured their memories 'til time shall be np more, "And we'll meet in glad reunion upon the golden shore. S. E. R. are-lef- ' . tt "Miss Dickinson ceased to leave the house; even her loved garden was deserted for a conservatory. By letter and gifts ?he kept up her connection with friends; and to children, hom-he-was-alway- e. t husband and three grown up children lo mourn ' her loss. Sister Walton was President of the Bluff Ward Relief Society as long as she lived there, and was also Stake President of the Relief society from the lime theStake was ' organized till the time of her death. She was an earnest and faithful worker wherever duty called her, cud was universally sieved" and respected where A of the i eel use poet. "Toward the middle age," io-u And happy they who this blest life attain, There victory will bathe victor's cry, There never, never more the loved ones die, There never, never more will come good-by- Sister Walton was born the 16 of July 1846 making her 45 years and 9 days old. She was one of the Pioneers of the S.n Tunjviission being one of the first who landed here in 1880, She lived in Bfuff about 8 years when she with her husband was called to help build up Monticello. in editing ;the poems of Emily Dickinson," recently-gave--me interesting reminiscences -- EXPONENT Voice Cabman sA Whereas: Our Heavenly Father in' His infinite wisdom has suffered to be removed . from our. midst our beloved "Sister Jaue M. Walton, ' Iler faithfuL and zealous labors as President "of the Relief Society of the San Juan Stake Of Zion, also the great interest she Always manifested , for would lower sweet surprises and gifts from the window. Only a few of the manuscript poems left hy this strange. and gifted woman have been published." A bright newsy weekly paper, treating of all reforms that affect women; ia a firm defender oi the public schools, and gives information concern- ing therr. ' It contains reports of the W. C. T;t tho King's . neou anu as ieacner Women are taxpayers constitutionally Daughters and Missions. anu wibe counsel, rn;iiu 11 miing mai we uy prcseace iitr . empowered to vote in Montana. The ' Daily , record our Exposes the - dangers threatening the nation vt labors. other appreciation frohi Immigration, the Liquor Traffic and Roman. Leader of Great alls, xMonlaua, says: . j Therefore: it oflicers be and resolved r ,the thattwe ism ' gives full reports- of the borne of the people of ashington may try ' of ths Rehef ocietf-.ofoe San Juan Ftakeo tmentbers Boston afternoon" lulinallaTnotic Sunday to prevent it in their leeble way, but woman V mourn her loss, f eahzmg we have lost a noble ' and meetings. suilrae'e is already an assured..-Ktiweffti .1. Sister. Jier heart beinz wjlhnsr and her hand SAMPLE COPY 3 cts. PRICE $1.00 PER YEAR. ytnevolent fact. Wvomimr is an example of its success. to the the sick. r Address: ELIZA TRASK HILL. The Montana constitution says; "Upon, all ready help that poof audofcomfort on liesolvfd; Editor and General Manager, Room 9, Tremont acopy these resolutions be placed questions submitted to the taxpayers of the ' the records of the Relief Society of the rSan Juan Stake Temple, Boston, Mass. State, or any legal subdivision thereof, women that a cjapybe sent tothe bereaved family and to th who are taxpayers shall, equally with men, Woman's Exponent, ' ' . have the right la vote." This is a broad .L1 MAR'f HA Hammind, .,.i4-' provisiou,-ao- d ' Joseihine Wood, high legal authority declares .. v that it gives women taxpayers a right 'to vote Eliza A. Rtlm, - . 5r- a Keeps on" Hand at any election. , Twenty-fiv- e years; from this Committee. IDRESS GOODS AMD TRIMMINGS, FANCY time they will exercise suffrage in liluff.San Jaun Co.. Utah, Aug. 6? 1S91, . ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS every. State in the Union, . and the rising AND STATIONERY, EQUI-- . generation will wonder at the stupidity and t POISE WAISTS, ETC. intolerance of their ancestors who'stood in the IN'MEMORIAM. Dress flaking: In all its branches, ITIilllnery, lates styles, Hats and iisonnets cleaned and' retnmmedt , way.' Feathers curled, etc. StampliigdoB to order. But ' , --- . i ---- ---- 2. - , - I Y 1 a ...' 4 world-renowned- ,, . t 1 - " - I , -- . . : .- the-right.- of - - MrsE.-B- OBITUARY. Dear Sister Wells: . Juarez, July 6, 1891. Wellst 1 'j reuoushejiad pjnf everything had been done that human skill could' devise, tons covered while you wait. Iturial Nuits a icclally. "NTS Hi. FIRST SOUTH STREET, " 10 & Dear Fiuend; of our beloved Sister Stena Erlcksen, which took phtce in Mt, Pleasant on lhe nih of July, at J7 minutes past 10 ; . ' have desired to write a few lines in memory of oar two dear young friends, so suddenly and unexpectedly . called away, Parley and Aurelia, or Eda, as we called her, son and daughter of lleleman and Victoria Pratt, beloved .and prized beyond measure by all in the home circle, I 26,2S,30and32 East 1st SoutliSt, to Juarez., was to attend the, ,conjplnjL.jaeeting. and. Iida's name was on the programme for the next meeting' n, She' peacefully passed from this sphere, surrounded, by they took the deepest interest in the Improvement Associher husband, children, and many dear friends, who deeply ation, coming twelve miles to attend that and the Sunday ' . mournt her sudden departure. 'School and meetings. Sister Erickson was a good woman, ;a true and faithful "May the Lord comfort "those upon whom the loss falls so Latter-da- y Saint; she embraced the Gospel in her native heavily, as He alone can comfort, giving peace to the land, Denmark, when a girl, and availed herself of the first aching heartSj, and may He help them to realize that they opportunity of emigrating with the Saints, .to this the land" had a mission in the" Spirit world, that they were prepared of her adoption. and ready, for the Father's work there, as they were ever She became the wife of Brother Encksen, by whom "she ready to do their part in the labors of this life, their willhad 8 children, 9 of whom still survive her; two sons, and ing hands and cheerful presence will be sadly missed in four daughters. the home circle, and among" their friends, and associates She was a faithful member of our Relief Society and a . qnd although lhe parting is hard most energetic teacher for the last fifteen years; of a kind disposition, always on hand to help the sick. or those who 'Tis sweet to give them back pure as they came, ' were in trouble; an affectionate wife, and a most indulgent Untarnished by a tint of sin or shame K6w" with the ransomed we can write Parley and Eda's children while she was able to talk will remembe name. long bered. Mar thejrcrmilate hergoodample and profit by .But oh, the hearts at home are very" sad,1. her wise and judicious instructions, and show that her labor in their behalf has not been in vain.' Longing for those who always made them glad, And the poor throbbing brain goes almost mad, We deeply sympathize with" the bereaved children on this trying occasion seeing their mother, has been takea Thinking of vacant places, of why they had to go, in the midst of a life of usefulness, being only, 51" years So young.so full of life, in youth's first morning glow. old. May she rest in peace.and may we who mourn her When all looked bright to them and beautiful below. departure, prepare to meet her a?$m, that our joy may .hut.all..iojno purpose,- - - visit be full. M. F. C. Morrison, "I cannot live without him," and the wave, foiled Of death could not save. back,and her-we DEATH OF JANE M. WALTON. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Resolutions of respect to the memory of Sister Jane M Walton, who was suddenly deprived of life in a most sadT and shocking manner by being5 accidently shot whiles attending a social party on the 24th of July at Monticello' where she resided. , . Opposite City Hall. So now tlie sunlight rests upon the la-d-, Still side by.side. ;as thus in life they grew. Loving and kind and ever good and true. Two sileat graves upon the mountain's crest, Two mortal bodies sleep in quiet rest, Two glorious spirits with the pure and blest. Mysterious birth entrance to death and pain, Mysterious death, portal to life again, - SALT LAKE CITY: The Leading' Retail ru.Jtt.. Ml X HOMA . trie bpeciai-t- o AT i-a- aies. TEASpEB'S Will bo found tfc 3 latest stylos and pioductiens ' LACES, '' in : ". EJMBRODEIUES, GLOVES, PARASOL, RUCHES, 1TANS, : i RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES 7- ' - And an elegant assortmenl 0 Yy7 aOODS; Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Infant's Shoes. , 112. 114, 116, 118 Fast Temple .?r " r)uV"IOD 7AMES &; ' - CO. TINNERS GAS, WATER & STEAf1 FITTERS celebrated LIFTand on short notice. Orders from Pumps Repaired lhe country promptly responded to. . ent fo"r RUMSEY'S 5A7D Box FORt-'F-PUMP- 335. SILT LAIS CIT7. ; ! 