WOMAN'S EXPONENT. enjoyed it, and the flow of general conversation through the rooms was spirited and enlivening. When the guests rose from the table they wore tneir green riDDons, a pretty idea of remembrance of the day. Some exquisite music by the young ladies arierwras, gave a still more elevating tone to the unique gathering, and a feeling of restful- - ness which is always pleasant in social parties. Mrs. Jennings presented each of tbe.ladies with Deaun i ui uouquei pi nowers, roses,, etc. After. '. . ovmt-iv- " '"ti.tuuat-enjoyffleni,-tne-part- y 93 branch of coloring pictures, either in figures,! flowers or scenes, Miss Weils does specially fine work.- - Mc'A.llister's is one ofj tre most attractive places in the City. Books of home production are also kept on sale at McAllisters'; those of Alfred Lambourne's being artistic and very ' - The Woman's Co operative Institution has a very good assortment of. holiday goods, both use tuLliIPentaas"g''as-doHsr-ahd-a--Yariet-- Mrs. Goddard who has charge o the store has been accustomed to handling fancy ROodA materials for embroideries, silk and worsted work, and is well adapted to this depart-meof the business, as also in handling ladies' dress materials and trimmings. The store is well supplied with millinery goods and employs a first-lamilliner and dressmaker. Ladies interested ss in woman's co operative industries should be sure -""uims oeiore uuying "of-toys- reluctantly aispersea. Mrs. Jennings is a .most genial and agreeable hostess. She has been much accustomed to this sort of thing, as in her husband s lifetime (the Hon. Wm. Jennings) they gave many large parties, and always entertained in some such way the distinguished people who , visited Utahthe Presidents of the Urited States and Senators, Generals and people of rank and ' note. .. Anhe al the" Jennings house on "this occasion perhaps the most distinguished woman at any rate by age was Sister Presendia L. Kimball, whose four score years and more have brought wisdom and understanding to her spiritual nature wnicn surpasses the learning of the world. She js very large and dignified, stately one might say, "and her complexion fair as a lily, her soft white .. y tea-part- " - - u -u "U the soul. ttttCIU Of other gence that looks out of- veteran sisters there were M. Isabella Home Sarah M, Kimball, Bathsheba W. Smith, Jane b! Taylor and Jane S. Richards, who are entitled to the rank of Mothers in Israel.' -- . The City always presents a gay appearance at holiday time, and this year is not an exception to the rule, although m kinds are abundant and of the greatest variety imaginable, and evergreen trees on the street for sale make the showing of Christmas near at hand. The weather is uot very cold and there is not enough snow to make the mountains and valley look really wintry enough io be as beautiful as when it wraps its clear white mantle over all. lr Office lor Sunday School and Association pur poses. The new. store gives them ample room to nt make the place an attractive one for customers, and they are always attentive and obliging, in showing goods. - UTA H -- W0M AN'SRESCLUB. The IL W Press Club met in the parlor of the Margett's. Bros, have a fine dismay in the f Constitution Building they keep everything in the Book and Stationery line, all the latest and best magazines, journals and periodicals, as well as the daily papers of this City, and Eastern and Pacific Coast. Their store is a very large one and abundantly supplied. They make a specialty of toys also and of everything in the line. They keep all the finest qualities and grades of paper both American andforeign, and their window is one. of the finest in town in its arrangement, a e fire burning in a miniature looks very home like and cheerful to the passing crowds. Woman's Eitonent Office Nov. 30, 1891, the President, E. B. Wells in the chair. Prayer was offered by Ruth M. Fox. The secretary Dr. Ellis R. Shipp read the minutes of the meeting of the orgamzanon neia ua. 31, ana uiey were acceptea .,as read. After some informal conversation on matters pertaining to the press and to Club work, letters were read by the secretary from Maria M.Johnson, Circleville, Piute Co., Ellen Jakeman, Provo, Utah Co., Lucinda L. Dalton, Manti, Sanpete Co. Augusta JoycCj Crocheroh, South BouhtifuI,Davis Co.,, Martha A."Y. TGreenhalgh, Meadow, Millard Co., and Sophie Valentine, Brigham City, Box . It . V" - fire-plac- James Dvvyer who always understood how to suit the popular taste as well as to cater to CHRISTMAS DISPLAY. windows quite handsomely; they have a great variety of good books.Jkeep all the Church works, and home literary productions in the "best quality of paper and binding, as well as the cheaper varieties, so that their prices may' accommodate all Durchasers. Thev keep the best suddIv of Sunday School literature and prize cards, report books for these institutions and all the variety of stationery; albums, and a large assortment of articles suitable for Christmas gifts, and dolls and tnvs in rtrrext-- - ahiinrlanr1,- Thr .. ... -- icnrvhf j quality of goods of the kind than at the Juvenile of good feeling and interest in press work, and regret at their inability to be present at the meet' . . ing. A motion was made and seconded that 200 copies of the Constitution of the Club should be published in leaflet form for distribution. Carried, has opened a florist's establishment on Main Street in one of the Daynes windows and there is play he is making of flowers for the Christmas time. Roses, and lilies ot several varieties and various other kinds of flowers delight the eye zzz -- ancLordered printed--and feast tKesouIolTt&edver of beauty in bud an article irora and blossom.- - The rarity of flowers at this sea IZI.fJ?0!,n.?Palexe.rc,scswerel Y. the on Susa Gates the pen of "Local Literary son of the year makes us all the more apprecia for read Field Women," by Dr. Ellis R. Shipp. tive of the gladdening sight. A- poem entitled'The Mother Author" by Lula ' The Z. C. M.T. has outdone itself almost, in Greene Richards was read by Ruth M. Fox. The old reliable Art Gallery of C. R. Savage its display of goods and fancy groceries, and An article in reply to D. P. Felt's opinion on comes out with irs usual and unusual assortment which Teasdel's other always the Woman Suffrage Question was' read by the stores, especially of pictures, of almost, every variety and a novel and atholi. a attractive makes display conspicuous President, it was from the pungent pen of Sarah sign to attract attention "The New Wonderland of most the made have and also time, shops day M. Kimball. etc." At this store one may find almost everyroom for their and the display. occupy space they Julia A. Mac'Donald read an original article on thing to decorate for the holidays, also many with ever decorate meat markets The always the "Poet's Ideal Woman." substantial articles suitable for presents in quantity to fowls make and meats their dress and Ruth M. fox an original poem entitled "Greetand quality to please all sorts of fancies. Mr. green, as as them possible. tempting ing," which was very expressive. Savage keeps painting and drawing materials, in deals South Tr TTTITc! T? Q n r rnnfriKntal 1 rr&r Crrr liar R. K. Thomas on 1st St., heavy books of almost all kinds, for old and young.; merchandise as well as a variety of fancy goods. own pen which she entitled ' Love Divine." In photography in every style, this establishment is par excellence. It is quite famous for its has a splendid faculty of showing his stock in Meeting adjourned until Wednesday Dec. 30, taken has he immense trade to advantage, always views of scenery, not only of Utah but Southern of the public for the E. R. Shipp. Chocolate, cake and fruit were taste the California and other interesting places. , pains to gratify beautiful in the arrangement of his. wares, and a served to the ladies and all agreed that the meetD. M. Mc'Allister at the Utah Book and more genial business gentleman cannot be found. ing had been a most interesting one. tbebusi-nes-s in so not long Stationery Store, though Tu Prrtc T? UfJAI Qittod . Pun JLSlXm Qsr He has been accustomed all his life to the band- AWW. WWW. athis has spared no pains in making place shawls, silks, ling and disposing-o- f dry goods, tractive, and he has succeeded admirably in" that ribbons and laces etc., and in this line of pleas'4 respect His windows' are quite a show for the ing his patrons he assuredly excels. first woman physician in Finland ha3 The and crowds daily attract and large general public Johnson and and Pratt in the Constitution practised in Heldingfors since 1883, when; she when in the lighted. brilliantly evening especially have not only an elaborate display of was employed at a salary oi 4UU to treat the Books to suit the popular taste maybe found here Building but also of fancy articles in poor women of the city. When the contract as also classical works of poetry and prose and drug 'goods etc., was renewed, her salary was raised, and last ' and silver, and other varieties. all the various kinds and qualities of goods that glass she wa3 chosen as one of the regular city year have ame in the have building to are kept in much larger stores. He seems Hardy and Young lor certain wards. and physicians stairs made their windows very attractive-indee- d a good faculty of economizing space. Up A society of women ha3 been formed in their groceries are very tempting, they also keep where the finest goods are kept, the room is tasteAmsterdam, the objects of which are to secure a variety of other goods. fully and elaborately decorated. Chinese and for women educational advantages, the right Japanese fancyumh Barnes and lwis thougharrying-mostlyve-ry havTaTso made a to be being used.along with the regular Christmas decoheavy merchandise generally, appointed to Btate positions, and to en rations. Christmas display, but time would fail to "tell it joy legal rights on becoming of age; .also to The China hand painted ornaments and colored aii." V secure tor married- - women equal rights with pictures and photographs are very artistic. Miss The Juvenile Instructor have fitted up th$i. their husbands. Kate Wells' .work particularly good; in this - ; - I li ' --v . being - . X - 