W7 any T 'Q W LtlVJLGl J -- ' PIT- - Rights' of the Women oJlTXaMis.- TJiRigMs Vol. 20. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 1,1891. CONTENTS. ' I, grasping blindly, blindly The LeavesAre'FainngAuFfE -- Living: rPEmy:Llfe:i:Worlh: Christian Advocate. Widowed Lu Loving Words The Woman's Journal. feet Day Ella Gilbert Ives. - '2..,'. n, . l.v Da ii on. The falling of the leaves has a tendency to impress us with serious thoughts, to remind us . LIFE WORTH Is life worth living? - LIVING. to him that lives: Whose soul hath caught the music of the spheres; Who o'er all earth jars, heavenly music hears, And to attune his life thereunto strives. Yes, Is life worth living? Ay, to him that gives His life to God through .few jar many years; Come talents one or ten; come faith or fears, Come freedom's glorious strength or prison gyves. God give thy softs to live lives, To lift thems-lveto Tbee by lifting others, . To know that charity the spirit shrives, ; That selfishness the fire from heaven smothers; f To know that he that lives is hiwho gives, Who counts the world his home, all men his brothersi love-leaven- ed s that jill things tbfcayjlmt JifetjLdfkfulLof Ehced .liter. ihatwhiclLadmonishes rusofiour wak and we are ' nu rsel ves changes only hastening leaf," but notwithstanding all the significance year, no day, nor night, nor anything that the falling leaves, one who God of the Autumn-anhas planned but contains lesson- of beauty revels in the beauties of nature must admire of wisdom and of truth that would make us and enjoy this glorious season though the nobler, better, more loving and tender if we woods do grow "brown and sere." would study as we should the application it It is the sentiment the Autumn carries with hears to the human side of our lives upon the it too that speaks in language unmistakeable earth. This is a beautiful world, and filling to the susceptible soul of those things that our lives. up with beautifuldeeds, and shedding beautify S3 well as typify human life.- Aside around us the fragrance of loving words and from animal life there is nothing more human smiles, will do much to beautify the than the 'Irees;' tliey peafc in all lauguagea, .happy of others who have not had so much of paths and clanee, tney tney sing, wnisper, tney play, sweetness minrrled in the cud of lifa piven d - - of power, and when their leaves are fallinc - tby-moa-n 0 Death, thou grim and ghastly shade With brow of blackest gloom, : I Thou'st changed to haunted dark my day, To deep midnight my noon! 1 lay upon this silent heart ' My dazed and "throbbing head, ying Believing not thai we must' be is dead . . part-Den- Oh speak! thou dearest friend of mine, This awful silence break! Shake off this dreadful sleep of thine To life and love awakel ' l is I, my love, low at thy side I kneel to kiss thy hand; Hind it cUmmy, cold and white; ! cannot understand. Go quickly! bring my children near, His tenderness to claim; lie never yet has failed to hear When they called father's name. In vain in vain they call in vain, Nor sobs nor tears will move Is death so like cold, cold disdain? Does death extinguish love? O, quiet hands and eyelids pale, O brow so white and chill, O ears that heed not orphans' wail, heart so 'cold and still O lips that answer not my kiss," Breathe not one kindly word, Is death so cruel, hard as this By no entreaties stirred? J ness, nor do we consider as wo should wherein lies our strength. There is no season of the on to that season when "we shall fade as the gailyrgorgeouslratt.mes as though conscious WIDOWED. - sj tiiowga wind is the music to which they keep time, discordant otten, but could the wind play as it does, could it make such music if there were no trees, no leaves to flaunt and flirt about? And even when they have fallen, and lie like a heavy carpet upon the ground, the savage wind routs them about again hither and thither at will. The poet tells us that the falling of the leaves brings regret3 for the beauties and joys that are past, and passing away from us. It is good to be reminded of the sweetness we only "half enjoyed, and if a tinge of sadness mingles with it the deeper it will sink, into will our hearts and lives, and the more telling " benhrlesson I twilFteahWe "all need reminding of the "sunlnjHiours" that pass all too quickly, and if we had no shadows, no contrast but were always basking in light and sunshine we should not even know it was the perfection of beauty; what would we know of daybreak if there wa3 no night, would we rejoice as we do in the roseate dawn of each glorious morning if we had not felt the shadows and the darkness?' Certainly not; we can all answer and would we" have "themfrplefiid61p"or the gorgeous sun sets, were it not that day is departing and night coming on. And if it were always summer, we should not drink in as we 'do the resplendent glories of the. ' , ;., keep ',, oa make these ..i .... ...,. , ment will be yours to gild the lives of your friends and associates. ".' Aunt P s36iies",' Em. IN RURAL ENGLAND. 8ir Edward ; ..v ; Hilliard sitting in dressing gown and'slippers in his luxurious apartments was a striking type of the English aristocrat of the last century. It was a cold, raw November day, he was now getting on famously, his appetite was good and he slept well, thanks to the good nursing, the Dr." said, and yet, one familiar with his countenan " thatJiTlvaa" troubled7ft was his mind more than his body that hindered his entire recovery; he was almost melancholy on this dull leaden morning, as he sat facing the " low-spirite- d, , Mi?s Conway had occasionally reminded Dr. Bland that her uncle was quite well enough to be made acquainted with the secret she had inadvertently entrusted to him, and that morning after leaving the convalescent's room :the"Drrhad"replied "lo"ier""'ipestiohTng'' "fll in good time, leave that to me, don't venture upon such dangerous ground again, another such, scene might j)e his death." Mfes Conway felt 'better , ban bis daughter's dishonor;" but she checked herself and replied, "Dr. Bland I will not remain in this housef unless my uncle is soon informed of the true condition of the matter, which weighs so beavily on my mmd. ; hia.--deat- - """ - ouf h Autumn. The Autumnal tints of the foliage, are quite beyond tne art 01 the painter; the mils are, literally crowned with purple glory, shaded with a mantle of beauty like "Joseph's coat of "Ih. that case Mies Qonway you would leave a nd ad m i remand t u rn. many colors and look again in wonder and' amazement, this uuprotected girl withont-- a single female and we try to carry in our hearts and interpret friend to advise her, ia that your idea of rijht? in our. Jive3 the .language;, conveyed to our ghe is your cousin, you are of one fami.y,; you ' - The giddy earth reels 'neath my feet, The skies grow blaxlr 0e rhead,' And through the throbbing darkness beat The words My love is dead. 7 finally (ITeanifyet these I1iingieacli?we shall live again, for every flower and tree and bulb and vine contains the germ of life within that shall spring forth again in all its pris-tiv- e beauty according toils time and season. And yet we know so little, and we pay little THE LEAVES ARE FALLING. A Per- - 1 1 p-n- , f-- Jt God pit v my poor lktle ones. And make my weakness strong; i., numb, My shrinking heart with , And dread forebodings throng; My faltering feet arc loth to tread The hard and thorny way s Which seems through clouds and darkness Spread .. Beyond my sight away. - Western-Dalto- -- sou 1 8 rby-- 1 hi-ref- ' No. 8. he hea u t ies-- o 1 he- - h i Is, t h e fi el d $ the trees, the woods, the trailing vines and we cannot grasp all, but. little by : little we are learning to interpret in our weak way, the wondrous things that pass human wisdom and : : understanding. Possibly .there is no other season of the year so rich in the lessons it teaches as the fall the death of the flowera,' the, falling of the leave.", the mournful sighing of the wind, all tbete. are like sorrows, and warn us that we too are frail and may soon be touched by the Trostsof time, and pass away, that we too must chip My orphans to ray breast. Lest life s ip through my failing grasp And leave them twice England. Address by Aurelia S. Rogers. R. S., Y. L.T1. I. A., and P. A. Reports. W. S. A. Salt Lake Co. C. C. R. Wells. Pacific Coast Woman's' Press Association M. Taylor. The Training of a Nurse Mary Cadwalader Jones. Earnestness is Power. Obstetrics and Nursing. Notes and News. Miscellaneous. Editorial: The Blessings of To day. Editorial Notes. In Sacred Remembrance C. D. P. In Memory of Jane M. Walton. I - 7W"e-ga- ze ' -- 