VV children were iu the gayest of spirits and - :r.. : ... , . .... exuoerant . i r i. uuu with the i- . project of never; to allow " . aridWCIufctmis .bat Ivas finally decided, .. i ..11, i Eve I all in they should . , p, . i . i me uouuitr&tiueu rig out rrauK would drive .and he would take.Beisie with him, and Fred and Emily might occupy the backseat. The ride wa3 pleasant and exhilarating .and Fred made the most of his opportunity, for what time is more opportune for love making than a long. fcleigh ride, wrappcnl in warm blankets and tucked in together with bulfilo robes. - While the young folks were out sleHi-rid- Tnglhe children wereliaving a nice time with the father too was at home jna and grandma, or-the and casting aside-ca- re liinebeing helped mamma fill the children's stockings, though there was no Christmas tree. Some gossip had already rcached-thethrough the servants and children about the party being ioo granu loruiwr own reiauves etc., out this OMAN'S i itaaiu.uot XL ,t mut hl ,? V even for mv , , J?," ' T 't' 7 miru wMom " a phnrrt(.r m imbibe like that especially in the presence of 1Tai;ie.;,'ana wlJeQ visiting in the house of friends it is not the first time, he is in the habit of drinking immoderately, and is not a d - EXPONENT . , feel-sur- e lit companion for Frank! I shall talk plainly to our boy about him tomorrow," said Mr. Hamilton. "And so shall I," said the mother never thinking that this stranr. it. wpVp tVMlltk luionli1 .... .1. A- . h ft t .1 uarimi f 1 ""c-unu9cu-tu-itaF-i- ! oiiieir ' 1'Jmily. The morning found Fred ufleririg with headache, could not come down to breakfast; Frank made a lame apology for him, but all knew, why he had absented himself, allthey ex the elder Mrs. Hamilton, who be: iF'to cept ' inquire. bow it was that on Qiristmas mornim?. .when every one is expected to be unusually d.te uauUcipateU, amLfionsequemiy-didn'-t cheerful, thatthey-s&ouW-allec"rr lo cause mem; any uneasiness. "And the house when is to be the spirited. scene of such festivity tonight why is iiimiiy nao said to her mother she wished every Grandma Hamilton would lake it in her head one so dull this morning?" ' She could not get to go home, for she wanted" her room for a a satisfactory answer from oue however, any cloak room, it wa3 the only convenient place and was obliged to repress her curiosity. The lor one,'but sne bad not been obliging enough little ones;' were gay enough running hereand to go, she lived alone, and after having raised there displaying the treasures Santa Ciaus had a large family, her Christmas would have been brought them and begging Grandma to toll a Jonely one indeed if she had spent it in her them stories of when she was a little eirl, and own home, besides her maid always went home" what Santa Glaus gave to her. "urOhrisTmas, and fbTersThfrad-ris- T: 'henhouse seemed more as I houh prenara- holiwith one or other of her children during tions were. being made, tor a funeral- than a dreamed 6he time. was thut ball. Emily had no heart to look at her day Emily never selfish in wishing her grandma to go, if any Christmas presents, though Bessie' had come in one had told her so she would have resented early to show hers,, bur she found her sister it. pale and sad, and went away thoughtful, About 12 o'clock tha merry party drove up wondering why Jbmily should take Fred a hewere Boon Javiorohard-.a,itoinake7herslfsickove- r jndhalloing ''Merry Christmas," unwrappefaninittingnBy the warm fire regal- - it. It never occurred to the child that, Emily could be so interested in Fred that she should ing themselves with the most tempting viands the house anorded. It was noticable to all, grieve on his account. As she left her sister's -f- , m m - - " Fred dfanfejrt been out in the cold it had a decidedly baft effect. Even Emily observed it aud became reuibarrsed, for&--- talkative tbrranarrIt-casr-a-darapcr.v- whole group, every one fell to thinking ex ctpt Fred and he talked on and on, and finally - Mrs. Hamilton "motioned the girls and they left the room together. What a night that was for Emily, she had listened to the sweetest words from this ypuug man, the . words of a., lover to his sweetheart, and thought him noble aud worthy her afiection, the love of a pure young jjirl. How fallen wai her idol now! she knew full well that her. dream was over, what a short one it h id bd'en only a few davs, less than a week, and she seemed to h ive lived ages in that short time, she ieit as it sue had kiuiwn .him al wavs:" that ui'ht he had kissed her, had held her bands caressingly, 0, (how could he bear this humiliation! She wiihed over; and over again that she had not insisted Upon giviog the party, that things had taken the;r regular course and that the would not be comnelled to wear a smiling face under a broken heart Perhaps Fred would ask her forgiveness when he ';rTeal!zM"tba1""h'":'bai imbibed too much, he would :certainly be :..iion?ciou3--oLtb- .e Ja.ctibe: v -him. teli would ;' tbough oriat any rate Frank itn a slent little, and woke early to go wretchedly dismal feeling. She wanted think-iogas and tell her mother all, hut she hesitated her mother was not aware of any it would be as well for her to remain the- - . -- love-makic- g, in4 gnor,ap.ee of ii for all was over bow Mrs. Hamilton had a serious talk with her husband that nigbtther Christmas was spoiled, r and she"reproached lierself f having allowed time. I wine on her table even at should not readily fjrglve any one who set wine before my son if he had such a morbid, appetite, and I am rejolved now froiii this time Chri-tma- s 1 g r j-a- ... - at room'she'Faid, Dottier Fred nmht make you unhapnv. Emilv. he isn't deutly. She made ready lor the evening with worth noticing, I hope Frank will never bring as much care as she - could, her " mother ard home any- more of of "sister assisting, and even her grandma nutot him; the idea "of "his comeu p s ta i rs ItT s eeTho vTs u pefb IieFl resa Bessie then had no respect for this rnau to was, and how queenly she looked in the elegant whom she had given iier afiections al mo3t un pink crepe and exquisite lace. She wore a sought; shewould gladly have shut herself in necklace of pearls and a profusion of white anel spent the day in weeping, but she must roses that became her fine complexion keep up, and no one must know how she was wonderf ully, and it was not all surprising that .suffering; inwardly, jso sbe reasoned with hermotherland grand mother thou Id ad mire her. The guests came in good time, for the com-- , self, and the day dragged its weary length al ;ng. Once or twice when slie was alone with ing party at Hamilton House had been the her mother, she had feigned a gaiety she did talk of the town for many days beforehand, not leel, but Mrs. Hamilton, observed hoar and it was quite an event in such a quiet sort little enthusiasm she was manifesting in the of place. The music was inspiring aud the last details of the party, and said "Emily are gay company assembled, and the warm greet-- Er had expected to meet her you ng.fri.ends &oel.f-satisfieand happy? Late in the altt rnoon Mrs. Ha miltou. aiked .v, to see her dressVifhad come home the day before from New York, and she had not even shown it to her mother or sister. Reluctantly she consented lo try it on to please them; tho dress was elegant and a perfect fit; any other time the girl would have gushed over it, for she had never had such an elegant ball dress fculbre. Now Mrs. Hamilton observed how and felt really alarmed. verybad she looked,. 1 1 o I it httni hi wn u fu eTv o a n d k rT fe rfecl IV quiet, and you will be rested for the evening," said lier mother-fearinthat she wj really gobe to ing seriously ill.. The Christmas dinner was a very stiff affair Fred evidently had f ome serious misgivings, " for he was unusually sedate, and altogether the dullness was irksome, ami every one seemed glad to leave the table and go their separate "TvajlTihilyutendedlo avoid set lhgFredJest he should ask her pardon; she feareoUf he did she might grant it even against-h- er own will,-b- ut the thing she dreaded came about after all; as she was hurrying through the hall impatient to get away from his gaze, he caught her hand and held her fast for a moment, pouring into her ears .the same impassioned words of the evening before, only with intensified emotion. Finding no respo'ure he said, "Will you not speak to me?" Before ho had timeto j . more she hall wrenched her hand from his tightened grasp, and fled like a wounded bird, frightened at herself, lest she should betray the love she still felt, though despising him in her heart for his unblushing effrontery. But such men are not easily daunted, she'll come round all right he thought to himself, give her a r rz.- little time. r . Emilv alone in her own room fortified her self alter this interview; she realized that he did hot see that he had'imde himself iAnec-th- - "InutiugtTfaC -- . you ill, was the long ride iu the cold too much for you? I shall not consent to your being out so long at another time." "0, I wish the party was over and the house quiet once more, Emily replied, "I "dread meeting these people now when the time draws near.". "Indeed" said the mother, that's very strange after insisting upon the party, and anticipating so much en- joy men t, and making your own selections of everything and everybody, 1 don t quite " corn nrehend it. has anvthine: gone wrong?" "io mamma nothing, I think I'm not very, very well, too much excitement perhaps," and' she broke down and began to weep hysterically. Mrs. Hamilton thought it was only due to undue anxiety, and perhaps s.orne little' remorse of conscience for her selfishness, even Grandma's room had been taken for a cloak room,. n t about "i t. Uhough she had: It never occurred to this fond mother that Fred Boutwell wa3 the cause. It was Emily V first real sorrow, and she wondered how she could possibly meet him, snmpfimps she hnnl I e would be 100 sick to What make his appearance in the ball-rooa wretched Christmas it was to her, and she ings of nanyormer hood days, raised her spirits to' an exuberance more than natural. Harry was there andhe soon let him see that she had not been appro-- ' priated by Fred as the gossips had been saying. Frank and Emily led in the first , dance, and after that she waltzed with Harry and it was easy ta see howdelighted hewaswiih hersocietv. Fred as if to vex Emily, paid Im addresses, io the prettiest girls in the room, but whatever she lelt there was no outward demonstrathui. he Harry was far sighted in character-reading- , had met Fred several times during his stay in town and had suspected his bad habits, and therefore looked suspiciously u pon him; his gallantry didn't weigh much with Harry, who was more of a diamond in the rouirb. . aud when he saw him paving special attention . 5 ma to sister, tie ieit very indignant. lieiore the evening was half over he wa3 ' con vi n ccd that Fred Bo u t we! I b ad been imbi b- ing, too freely of strong drink. After supper he was leading Susie Montague out for another dance and IJarry observing his condition, went and tuked her ..to excuse herself as be- - wanted to go home, she hesitated and her partner' in- - . - 1 beea-Tery-ple- asa ! 5 - 1 ; " 