WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 170 sider efficiency and not sex, and thus set a standard fur the country. 1 That inasmuch as the Columbian .. Fifth: Exposition of 1893 will afford an exceptional opportunity tor convening representatives oi all countries, the officers of the National Council shall invite the "officers of the international Council of Women, Millicent Garrett Fawcett President, to hold its first meeting in " in .the Summer of 1893. Resolved: That the general officers shall appoint a committee of women whose duty it shall be to report within a year suggestions for : which shall a business costumefor-wome- n Jmcet the demands of health, comfort, and trood taste.r' Resolved: 'That the Council approves the encouraging, a3 it shows a desire in the hearts of the sisters to become proficient in those things that ar most necessary for women, to understand. When the children were sick with the fever she asked him to hire a girl, but was met with such a rebuke she did not repeat tho request. '"His tendernhss had been swallowed up in his eagerness for wealth. "If he would only give me a kiss, or an encouraging word, sometimes," she would sigh, "I would toil on without a murmur, for love lightens labor." "Only a few years more," he would say, "and then we will take -it easy, ami. the children will be able to take care ot them-- J selves, for I've brought my children Cup Lehi, May 0, 1891. ROSA BONHEUR. I work." " After awhi I e t h e "fe w years" passed and he did "take it easy." He could look over the broad fields and claim every acre of ground. The waving grain and fields of corn were all his. His pastures were - well stocked with rattle. He could look into his house and see his children, most of them grown. He could look for the counselor and' Fon-taineblea- tas-sele- , 1 rierped-to-accumulate- -alP , . n BY CLARA. SELLECK. - "My wite is the smartest woman iying. I d6it believe there irahotHer in 3lie country like, her," and Farmer Jones leaned on his rake with a satisfied airland 1 1 to-"mor-e d movement for preventing the slaughter of birds for the We purpose of ornamentation, and that it asks American women- - to imitate - the example of the Princess of Wales, who has forbidden the use of the plumage of sinking bi rtufdn hereto 1 els- "helpmatevwhcr had' The Council also resolved to furnish a block these good things, at his side, and look in of stone or marble, suitably inscribed, to place vain. He could sit in the firelight nd" weave in the monument to be erected over the grave financial webs, but he could not see the patient of Mary, the Mother of Washington, and woman, either knitting or sewing, and ever voted to commend to all organized bodies of ready with wise suggestions, who had been the women the objects of the Mary Washington light of his home. . ... Yes, he could "take it easy" now, but it Society. Before adjourning, the Executive Committee was alone; for one day he came home to find the tired soul, who had so longed for rest, at passed a cordial vote of thanks to the musicians whose gratuitous service had enhanced the enrest. The dimmed eyes weredosed to awake -hands joymeut of the' meetings, and to the press, in a glorious dawning.' The care-wortw Infill nnd. thrmirrhrmf - ffiP fnr i pnimfrv , .v. had ceased their labor; theywere crossed o j ha3 service rendered Council it the splendid upon her bosom, while her sealed" lips seemed session. its to during say reproachfully: "I have done what I could; angels could do no more." Mr. Jones alludes tearfully to the mysterA SMART WOMAN. ious, ways of Providence in removing such a ."smart woman" - from the world. But does . Rosa Bonheur. the ereatcst animal nainfpr 11 f oi ner ume, is sixty-seve- n years mayet she says she has still work enough in her mind to fill two lifetimes. In 3850 she bought 'a house in the little village jf By, on the banks of the Seine, not far from the' forest of There she has lived and wrought ever since. She has added stables and a studio to ber house. In the stables and grounds she ha3 " had " from time to time a veritable menagerie of animals.including lions,chamois, bears, gazelles, and an elk. It is refreshing to read that her studiocontains not an 'article" - he never think in the hour of retrospection, that he had something to do with her too early taking off, and that aiittingBentiment for her tombstone would read: terak-offiJii-h-- bat to wipe tho perspiration from his brow. "If she wa3 like other women, about and spending all a man earned, I'd CLOSING CLASS EXERCISES. never get rich." He rubbed his hands together complacently and went to work again raking We had a very enjoyable time on Saturday, the hay, from which he expected to realize a May 2nd, at the closing exercises and exami; generous sura. nation of Sister Hannah Sorenson's class in The voung man to whomhe conversation obstetrics; she having taught a class of twenty was addressed, said to himself, "For 'my part Pd "rather be poor all my life thau to have members during the last four montht. The such a toiling, slave for my Relief Society hall was crowded, there were many of our local sisters and a few brethren, wife. Its none of, my bread and butter, only I do hope he won't keep me waiting for my and also many of the sisters from other settie ments, showing that a great interest wa3 taken pay wherV Saturday nighonaesferI want -- metnodsz:of-teaching JazregaftL: tdiSister-Soren8onrto take Sallie on that excursion next ,week. obstetrics, which is indeed most The young man kept steadily at work for Jb instructive, combining as she does armjTJones had no idlers in his vineyard religion, morality, hygiene, temporal laws, with whilelie whistled to the time of his rake. much valuable instruction; treating upon the "No slave ny wife will ever be most minute details pertaining to our physical To scrub, and work, and dig for me, welfare, to the Most difficult cases-knoin With ne'er a kiss, a Uught nor smile tired-lookin- g -- and scarcely anything that is of not needed in the work of the great artist. No "kickshaws" and no trash. She has always been an early riser. She says the morning is the best time for work. Her animali are also more docile then. She spends much time out doors, walking or riding in a little carriage, which she herself drives. At her s work and she wears a man's clothing -- been with a peasant blouse. Her life-h- as devoted to her art, pure and simple, and rich has been her reward. There are wrinkles in Eer face, but her enthusiasm keeps her young. bric-a-bra- c out-door- -- -- Washington is the only city in the United States that can afford to pay a Charity Com- missioner three thousand dollars, per. .annum to distribute fifteen hundred dollars to the s always says the Lord" and the office holder a3 well. Let the poor trust in God, while the harityUommisioncrrwl : msH&lalyibe poor are entirely unselfish as well as helpless in this respect, but they are handy :to have around in the creation of Professors of Economy and chairs of Political Science etc., with the title of Ph. and Gg. Professors of soft snaps at the expense of the people. It is enough to make the elements weep and the earth to quake occasionally and go on a rampage but unfortunately the office holders are never js wallowed up in the avalanches or chasms, for behold we have them with us for -- - . 3 MISCELLANEOUS. Genius is the eold in the mine: talent is the miner who works and brings it out. wn . . i i i w.i:L..-iA V JUMl JUiC laUUIS Her face with love wili shine, will shine, And sweet to know that she is mine,'" - 7 IU..UCL-.1U- , U . Yes, Farmer Jones' wife was a smart woman. Beforershe "wa3, married she' possessed many" accomplishments, besides thoroughly under- standing the mysteries of housekeeping. She was considered quite the smartest girl in town, and when she married a poor farmer, she did so with the expectation of .placingjjer shoulder- oy me Biue oi nis against tne wneei ot poverty. the advancing years, as prosperity ... With smiledupon themher burdens grew heavier. The piano was never opened except for company. Her heart found no music in the glad songs of old. No hired girPever darkened her" door. "They were too expensive," her hus-handsai- : - - dr obstetricaLpr.actk over thirty years practiciil experience in this line, the knowledge she is in possession of is of incalculable benefit to the mbthers-andaughters in ?ioil and her most earnest desire is that-othe- rs, as well as herself,might be in possession of this knowledge, that the sufiering of women be lessened, and that they mav more thoroughly understands their own organization, andVe uoa-give- n Jaws which .1 trust the: day is-no- t far-dktan- everv daughter m Zion will see the necessity of Iearnmg thee thingsvlaying aside their Mse prejudices, and traditions, and seeking 16 unther derstand true and corrprt i t Z1?-l-Jn Sister Rnr ,1,,, ni-Jnr.- ;i kuwiw1 "tf Trae wuii in through . "other, - u. JBut one- - thing-o- n is "a wife, and that tarth is" better" than a mother. Leopold Schoncr. When selfishness comes in smiling through one door. love walks out grieving through another. - Fear sometimes adds wings to the heels, and sometimes nails them to the crround and fetters them from moving. Montaigne. ,.lhepreference::0 worn, lifeless finalities, to an ever open spirit of inquiry, i3 not a foundation of faith, but a form of unbelief. Samuel Johnson. The greatest of fools is he who imposes on himself; and in his greatest concern' thinks certainly he knows that which he has least mnf. nrofoundly ' studied, and of which he 