WOMAN'S EXPONENT. paper through sickness; another cause of regret! but these were the only shadows that dimmed the brightness of this, the 1st Annual Convention of an Association which is already a power for good on the Coast, and we wi?h our friends in Utah to unite with California in wishing the 'cause "God Speed." M. eight o'clock The temperature, pulse, and respiration of in the warfl must be taken and noted upon the chart, also any new treatment. ordered: during the night, aud in the condition of the anything noteworthy patient. Each bed is to bemade, and1 patients clothing to be changed, if soiled, while the floors are 'swept and washed by tho helpers. .The medicines are given out at various times through the night as each becomes due. Then there is the patient's breakfast to look after, and to see that all are served who may eat the food, and that those who are on special diet: may g9t nothing but that allowed thern, whatever it may be." It would certainly seem that these women earn ten or even fifteen dollars a month besides their board and lodging. Here is an aecouut ?IlPJ?.Liperatioiil from a nurse's point each-patie- TH E TRAINING OF A NURSE. BY MARY CADWALADEll JONES. The following Js an account of the routine of a night at Gouverneur Hospital: "Th e night nurse' at Gouvernour does not often arise with bright face and laughing eye, feeling as fresh and happy as a lark, at half-past four in the afternoon of a hot July day, but ene scrambles out ot bed and don3 the , nfrriuw. ana wnite striped seersucker) as quickly as possible, that she may not . be late for the dinner at five o'clock. At six we get to the wards to relieve the day nurjes .and are often: . from duty, ice-bath- gs s, - - l' -- w .w UVr - is : hot-wate- l, - - - -- - responsible for making with an autiseptic everything connected operation, except jhe surgical instruments. She prepares the 'room, has the floor and paint scrubbed, and every table and ledge (there is no superfluous furniture) washed with antiseptic solution. The dressings are most scrupulously prepared being boiled and soaked and wrapped in antiseptic towels, or nurse kept until needed in large glass jars. The . : us lunuer j wpjusiuie lornavingverytning in the room which the surgeon may possibly ice. bottles. want, such as stimulants,eteM and must be prepared for every emergency wnicn.aunng ine operation may possibly arise. The patient is prepared by the nurse,who gives a full bath,braids the hair,puts ou clean and suitable clothing, and arranges her on the table, where she is always covered with, a sheet or a single- - blanket if necessary. you will have rather a hard night." As I look around the ward I find the man in the first bed is a sunstroke case, with a temperature of 105, and thel orders, are to on head and abdomen, give keep and take temperature every fifteen. - minutes until the temperature Tails below 102. The child in the corner has pneumonia and has on a poultice of linseed-meawhich 'must' be, changed S often as it becomes cold, and the child watched very closely. The delirious patient in the other corner is to have an icecap on his head, which must be kept we'll filled with cracked ice. He has a fracture of the base of the scull, and he raves and shouts most of the night. "We'h::ave Two'patien beds, consequently we must prepare four patients to be transferred to Believue, in ice-ba- ..rprr-- 'The nurse "Well. -- I think greeted-wit- h, ut bed-line- n Taylor. A. 71 hot-wat- r, er Another.'nurse anaesthetic, and in fact, there are usually three nurses at an operation of any importance, the head nurse being in charge aDd the other . I v n w aa A uiuu uytcv . akLUa-UU'U(-C- i ict c - I on the operator and stands in a certain place injuring the risght. At nine o'clock the doctors- make , their where she can readily hand him hot towels, rounds, and oftentimes there are dressings that sponges, dowis oi solution. auytniDg ne may the doctor has had no time to do during the need. The second nurse watches the supnlv day, and the nurse must always be ready to of hot towels, solutions,, sponges, hot and cold wait upon the doctor the moment he enters water, etc., while the third helps the junior the ward. doctor who is etherizing the patient, and At eleven o,clock there is an ambulance fetches and carries, ue , empties out water, call and a man is brought in with three stab and puts it outside the door, where some wounds.. He is covered with blood, hands, patient is stationed to carry it away and fill race and clothing, nas a long wound on the up empty pitchers. In running an operation a nurse always aims'at having it go off without face, a deep one in the shoulder, and a small one in the abdomen. -- The wound3 are sewed a hitch, and sometimes it does, and sometimes and dressings put on. These dressings are not. Occasionally an operator is unreasonable . : . t avaiccij uuiBXicu, Yii;u iuuc vuuica auuuici and asks for the moon, arid occasionally: he call, and theambulance brings in this time a makes a mbtake and loses; his head, and then young man with a deep wound in the nurses i have a poor time of it being beef-tethe forearm. From his nervous tremor and blamed if they have no boiling-ho- t or restlessness I conclude he has been drinking brandy when there 13 no means of heating it heavily, and this is confirmed when the house in the room, the operation having already "half-ouncof lasted over an hour. A doctor if he is a surgeon Cf ofives the. order for a the D. T. mixture immediately." His wound gentleman, usually thanks the nurse after a ,.. come - : . fine-lookin- .. 1 . : 1 . " 1 a 1 g a e - him an unpleasant likeness to Marsyas or St. Bartholomew; and who takes to pieces 4 in a startling manner, are 'much used at these lessons, while some of the physicians, and surgeons of the visiting staff give lectures to the classes from time to time. When at last the two- years course is over, a board of physicians'hold the final examination which a nurse must pass before receiving her diploma. At private nursing a woman receives from $15 to $25 a week, which would pay lier well if she were always busy; but she is subject to be overworked tor some months and idle for several more, and an excellent nurse said recently that she should be satisfied to be sure of making $600 a year. There are signs that the market is beginning to ho overstocked. The fQur large schools which I have already spoken of have already - size must now have its training-school- Ut . - ;wheniheJrofesionjf,!t't.o-beuch;'-:mu- 3t be protected. This can best be done by the formation of a central committee or board, which sJialL recognize..jonly--..grailuateof standard schools, shall take the testimony of their superintendents as to the fitness and worthiness of such graduates, and after submitting them to an examination, shalj give them a degree or diploma" not obtainable in m fallen only one and one-hal- f degree. lesson"drice a7wwfeT''d8omelfmeyTofter: "whicfarns usual taught by the Assistant A skeleton, some large colored diagrams, and a manikin who is represented as if he were skinned, which givei . Now it is time to begin the morning's work of the wards, for they must be all in order a tT for the day nurse when she comes on-duty r -- s- any other way. The law sets the standard for physicians by Recognizing only the degreesof certain colleges, wliich might be difficult in the case of training-schools, but something must be done to indicate and to protect the women who have earned the best right to Jive by their trade. It is not enough to let the stronger crowd out the weaker, as in the case of stenographers or telegraph operators, because doctors have" learnt to expect in telligent help from a trained nurse,and if she faiilhem in a critical case, it may mean the defference between life and . death. I EA ' . . ItNEBTNESS&TPDWE- Rr- iarnestiies3.ipowrHe--wbo4s:Jo-earn't-wii- for him." Presently he begins to see snakes and all sorts of creeping things upon hi3 bed, and Their hard day over the nurses go to the Home, which is the stone, building at the south . he .wants to set ud and eat thr man in -- the bed next him. He finally becomes so violent end of Blackwell's Island. There they have a with books and magathat he is put into handcuffs and taken to the comfortable sitting-roozines and a piano,and in summer they can play "Alcoholic cells" at Believue. Then things quiet down for perhaps an hour, lawn tennis outside or rest and watch the crowd which time mustjbe devoted to the man with of boats t h a t is al ways gbin g,n p and do wn the sunstroke and the child with pneumonia. great river. But all the venings are not These, however, have riot been wholly neglected given to amuseentsezcept during July and for there was time to make a poultice for the August. The school is divided into junior,senior, child, and the . helper has" attended to the and graduating classes, and each has a "quiz" or that so each year brings them a new crop of certificated nurses, mor6 or iess trained, according to their capacity and opportunities. Some of the schools announce that tbey have more applicants than they can take, from which outsiders have naturally been led to conclude that pupils would be willing to come without pay, but the superintendents, who are already feeling the effects of competition, know well be fatal to-- a reall- ythaanyjBucJb.jnovo-.w6uhigh standard. This competition between the schools has not been without good results, in that it has stimulated the different, boards in charge of them to greater efforts in the direction of comfort in the Homes, and a distinct and attractive course of instruction.' And it is to be hoped that something may be done toward shorteiMng' the long hours. of work in the wardsT " In regard to graduates, the time has come -- down. , l impress himself on others, whether he would impart to them or would receive from them- .- Yet no man wilhain iir earnestness" by seeking to be .earnest, nor will he convinced others that he is in earnest by saying that he is m earnesi. in oruer to snovv earnestpess a man must be in earnest, and the manwho, is in earnest cannot help, howin it Earnes- t- nPRS is of 'fliA man's cplf anA if ta rrTtr ah- k the cause that can d Fa w it oilt. When it is drawn out every one whosees and hears the man knows that his-.- earnestness i3.'lreaL'Jfl u in r f. r f behalf of ho undertakes he may know that he anything has power m,ihat direction, but if he lacks earnestnes$4t is of no use for him to try to ieem earnest. :::: ;: " i v i . - - 