WOMAN'S and work of both of the sexes to benefi and bles3 the Nation, Woman shouM not fe el dis She couraged: her cause U not vised the study of poli tical p ri nci pi cs, their T Proper classification 'and an urgent advocacy of them in 'subject form, and woman's influence for good would be felt and .respected. Mrs. Moench next delivered an able address on "Woman's Sphere." Mr. Thoma3 Shreeve3 thought thefe'frere many public questions in which', woman was ' concerned and which required her help. . He believed there would be less crime and fewer social evih existing if women had a voice in .. politics.;. He commended a union "of action and a support of their leaders in the advocacy of woman's claims upon mankind. "Fear not the hand thatj rocks the cradle rules the world." After a brief address from the president mMrSi. Stanford, 'lhe.mectingr.adjourued for one month. ' ', "" The Standard, '. . , - - - 1 . . EXPONENT. ill of the World's Commission, of Hooker is a member, were Mr. Trautmau "Among "representatives' tinguished principal sent me theso hopeful lines: "The public school is a "'composite of lawn and back alley, parlor ond saloon, hovel dnd. high-scho- Columbian fir1 vice.prradentMr37- uiss urusseiie, Mta ' French, Miss Miss Ive?, and Mis Onzeno. Letters of conratulat , O " ,nirom me three editors : Dailey ol . home. But its" "atmosphere is sweeter both indoors and out, than in mv boyhood davs.r and this has come through the inheritance of - mi .ivviivwj of the IKoman'i better traits of character, the introduction of and Journal many other absent enffracnst. better methods of discipline, the abolition of Supper and singing were followed bv thn ouiuoorreccss,inc control ot presentation by the Equal Rights Club of children's reading, the giving of fewer chilor a oriuc.tr loat covered with gold "dollars to Mrs. Hooker, tho'prescntation speech dren to each teacher. andbv-- a hieher moral ideal among young people themselves." oeuig.oyiurs. Virginia T. bmith, of the City No factor in the woman-questioevolution xuisiion, ana me singing ot a couple of old is more significant 'than that women are teach fashioned hymns bv mmnntw --The evening closed with remarks and a pram ing the men that are to be. A solid respect lor woman a - mental powers must be. the. vy me veneraoie vr. inward 1 seech or. menf al ' Iiadnt of the boys thus trained, Johnllooker is the ohhat la in Connecticut, having been appointed rennrtor Meanwhile there are enough men of brain r ' "o-rihe-ancTbrawn at the" head of our educational Supreme Xon system to furnish boys ideals towards which January, 18ob. He has declined a seat upon to grow. With all my heart, I believe there the supreme bench, .and his ability ha are two motives on which a lady teacher can receive special recognition from the. Lrmq lature. He has written rhany poems. At tho. rely: one is a boy 's love for his mother and two hundred and fiftieth anniversary of the his sisters, the other a boy s desrre to please adoption of Connecticut's first constitution. the lady who teaches him: and it is possiblo he delivered an address and-poeFor to establish such esprit de corps that boys will not do what they would be ashamed to years he was the only lawyer in -- hevc her' know, or what she assures them the state, and gave his first vote r .TTn. Birney,an act at that time unpopular.' Since would be bad examples for the smaller nunils. Add to this the concept, emphasized by i coy lie pas been an active with White-Cros- s his wife in the woman suffrage movement. teaching, in tho minds of boys, both and Isabella Beecher Hooker is the daughter of small, that in every woman largo they behold the sacred. sex to which each JLiyman Jtfeeeher, and posesse3 many of the traits which have made the Beecher Jamily boy's mother and sister belong, and a crreat will have been made. The Arabs have illustrious. She is sixty-nin- e years of age, gain wan au her powers in perfect vigor. She is a choice phrase that they apply to the noblest president of the Connecticut Woman Suffrarm young man of the tribe, saying that he 13 "a brother ot girls. lhis ideal is the true one Association, and for years has been devoted to for set teachers to forth. We send mis- tne amelioration ot her sex; Y " aionarica to Fijis, but we leave the play-groiiof our common schools practically in the hands of a pagan influence, ' and doom little children out ofsheltered homes to the malaria ui ussuciatiuua iw uaiuniu iu mem .irjiuauy EDUCATION. n . to-day- " 1 THE SUFFRAGE IN VICTORIA. -- Advocates of Woman Suffrage in this country will'learn with something like envy that a measure similar Jo that wThich. has so often come to grief in the Impeiial Parliament h&3 become a Cabinet question in Victoria. The', Prime Minister .of that ha3 submitted his project to his colcolony leagues, and it will be interesting to watch for the result. There is no intention to propose the' enfranchisement of women at large, for which change the1 time has not arrived either in Australia or the United Kingdom. The measure simply provides that all wromen who obtain a place on the municipal register shall be jelimbIe.idsQjGM:tha.arJi mentary register. 'These women may be married or unmarried; all the requirement is that they shall be of full age and entitled to a municipal rote aceordifiFttFeIalvrF Victoria, and the municipal roll "sh a Il"furnish the basis of that for Parliamentary purposes. Colonials move faster than their, kindred at home. .The roots of their institutions are not yet deep; very few obstinate prejudices have descended to them as inheritance, and they can lace problems unshackled by sentiments and considerations which retain vitality in our older system. They are setting a good example in this endeavor to remove a harsh disability from the gentler sex, and we trust their enlightened courage will be rewarded with success. Liverpool Mercury. T ; . - ., ' , The-receptio- n -- by-mass- hemTSenatoraiilMr sT"Hawle The attendance- - from .crai of town was numerous and distinguished, including ex Senator- - W.VM.Evart5ndis3Evat!sZ William Loyd Garrison, John HuTchinson, oi Jttutcninson timuy' lame, Key. Edward Beecher, D. D. and Mrs. Beecher, Ray. T. K. Beecher Rev. C E. Stowe, Miss Grace King, Lynde Harrison and 3Irs. Harrison, 3usan B. Anthony,Caroline G. R&gers, Mary S. Howell, Charlotte Porter, Rachel F. Avery, Kate Helen Clark, editor Lore. and Mary F. Seymour, of the Butinm Woman's Journal, co-wcrk- er -H;-B- ;;-B!-:'Exr A. T:wumEc would- - be.and nhvsicallv as the small-noWc turn, them out to take their chances with FliOM ADDItESS OF FRANCES E. WILLAIJJO BE the rest.- - We know the imitative faculty of ... FORE THE NATIONAL EDUCATIONAL the takes hold child naturally of what ij ASSOCIATION. imitated: that impure literature is circulate! How early shall we teach? ; The age will freely; and marks that are the insignia of -vary, but be sure to let purity have the first baseness are often on the walls. word. The child will ask What we must have in all large schools is quedfionsearly; let not the coarse reply get in its work a guardian of the a moral whoso specialty is physical before the chaste one comes. Science is dike horticulturist fire, it burns away dross; tell him what science ethic;- an apostle of health whose gospel outranks that of head or hand, for without it says. God's laws are all equally clean and the head is apt to swim, the hann, to tremble holy; tell him of the laws of God. But in and tno heart to be a cage of unclean what way shall we teach? According to the "'r "" truths of things : The bird in its nest tho .birds. :".TT';:flo wer on i tsg tal kx themineiaLIni U In contemplation of my resent-gold- en crystals, all show forth one law. The sanctities of uupuiLuuity- - ui x uavu written 10 parentage- - might best be theJey.not,--A- R names wefe"given rule, no one is reverenced and beloved by me by leaders 01 the host, and have two the child like the mother who bore him. sentences to quote in this connection: Teach a little boy to revere and protect all "I take it for granted that you know even 1 i fordier T "to" tleT iWomea the ex sake, rand teach tli e t o.ver it, the gi r to shield as the "eminent jewel of her soul," most schools in respect condition of frightful the potentiality ' of motherhood. A noble itxki the impurity in language, actions, and defacement of School buildings and grounds.: young woman of rayj acquaintance, teacher ;K a ral schools are usually- - worse than.ihn3fi such irn purity carried on before her verv wo of atie-- and towns for I really believe that in her little school-housthot she could not :rurt! life tends tojbe more depraved in this forbear speaking wi th her pupils one Jbylone; . respoct than it ,is posjiblefoLtha life-- of a ': " and noticing how they gathered in groups at busy city to become." . recess jnmysterious tashion, ehe went AnotheHeader contrasts the condition of h them to their plays. things in an ordinary town with one where Wuld it not be better to abolish reces3 women are on the school board and give altogether, and let gymnastic' exercises, under I careful attention to the condition of the tne teacher a supervission take its place? school building in this regard. Sixteen Statei Thi3 seems to be one of the best practical have now given women power to be school means to a higher civilization in our publicofficers, and in the name of health and holiness schools. Such is the opinion of experts in let then?, be up and doing as for 1 education wealth. common Ihe convery generally suited before preparing rny address; -- A dis- - i x es - '"""i7;."." play-groun- d; - i The golden wedding of John and Isabella Beecher JBobker,r-.a- t HarrfbTd (X August 5, was a notable occasion. occurred in the new City Mission. Buijding. The interior was beautifiad of flowers, ferns and plants. Yellow was the predominating color, symbolical of woman suffrage. - The building; was thronged" with hundreds of leading citizens, among of? -- 'r; GOLDEN WEDDING: -t- m. anti-slaver- y - , -- -cap- able-teacher3"whose sieu s e - : out-wit- : - house-cleaner- witli-who- m, ) - 3 