EXPONENT WOMAN'S 176 adjourned until the third .Tuesday in next month, at the game place, at 2 o'clock, p. ra. . - C.G. Raleigh,. Sec. w NOTES AND NEWS. Yes this is the only balm and consolation our wounded hearts can recieve, that if we are faithful and are found worthy, we shall in the morning of the' resurrection surely meet her again; where all tears are wiped away jand there -shall be no more death, Rest in peace sweet Jennie. ' Phebe C.Young The Maine M. E. Conference has voted in favor of the women, 307 to 78. Mrs. - J. S. Ladd and "Mrs. Martha E. Ilolfe were recently elected school trustees in Great Falls, Montana. ' "5IissWniard haTheen critiHsedforbeing" an officer of the National Council among whose ministers Unitarian and Universalist - women predominate, The public will do well to remember that the Council knows no race, class, iHearly. S20.000 were raised in Denver, CaL,- - in a single-dayfor tbe1 establishment Deaconesses' Home. Miss Dora A'iron, the future superintendent, and Miss Elizabeth Caldbdck, a graduated and experienced nurse, both of whom were trained in the Chicago Home, are already on the ground and at work , of-- a IN MEMORIAM. Mary E. Taylor, daughter of John and Elizabeth Bailey, and wife of Fred Taylor. We the sisters of the Relief Society T?f 'the Fourth Ward, -- S.- L. City, nnanimously - T " adopt tlifoIIowingTerutTonsT-To the memory of our esteemed sister, Mary E. Taylor, .. who departed this life March the 11, 1891 She was born in Salt Lake City, Christmas day 1853, in the Fourth Ward where she resided until her death. She was a faithful member of our Society, being Secre tary for 18 years, and always took an active part in what She-tooever she was called-todo- .an active part-i- n the Sunday School and other societies, until the cares of her family prevented her. She had a kind and cheerful dis-- s and position, and was benevolent to those distress. She was an affectionate wife and daughter, and an " "Resol vect thai WlSt'eenergo'ne. patieiuand ua. complaining endurance worthy of our imitation. Resolved, that we extend our heartfelt sympathy to family of the deceased and with them acknowledge hand of our Father in heaven. Resolved that these resolutions be recorded in records of the Relief Society, and also be published in Woman's Exponent, and that a copy-l- ie the family of the . the little feet that Datter - 1. t""''" cr Committee. 10. 1891. , bi tercup pf sorx.ow For in less than the short space of one year she had become a wife, and had tasted the sorrows bf widowhood, and bade farewell to the cafes of eartli soon atter becoming a mother. For what wise purpose she was taken away from this vale of tears, we cannot tell. We can Only bow our sorrowing heads in humble submission to the diyine will believing that what we know not now, we shall know . We know there is a world above, -Where all the faithful meet; And we shall join with those we love, Around our Father's feet. And 1 shall hear sweet Jennie's voice In holier purer tone Ahen all those blessed souls rejoice Around the FJcrnaVtrone. - ' oMISS- " iSTUDIO. One door north of Z. C, M. L Wednesdays and Fridays. Mondays, 9 a m. to 1 m. 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. photographs colored Mr. M. IahllaIIorne,Pre6t. & Mrs. Mattle p enlarged. Nai8bltt-Thoma,Sn- p DRESS GOODS, WOMAN'S FARCY ARTICLES, DRESS HAKIKG for CO-OPERATIVE Ladies & Children, and MERCANTILE and DRESS MANUFACTURING TRIMMINGS, BORIAL SUITS. GOODS 123 E. 1st SOUTH INSTITUTION. Opp.Ctty Hall.Salt Lake City KKTHOM A! Retail Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S th WilLbeiound latftst styles and piodtrctions in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And an elegant assortmenf of MAGNIFICENT OFF ER. h exciting universal interest and is one of thjD absorbing topics of the day. A Free Trip to Europe and $S00.O0 for expenses is offered to whoever constructs the largest number of Englishwords from letters contained in the 'The World's Fair." Additional prizes, consisting of an Upright Grand Piano valued at $400.00,xPi!ver Sewing a hp nao ft, jiacnines and man Tea-set- V MTBOMA CvCrKiRK,AssXefR7Sr v-- nt SouihSt, H otise G asla - The great "World's Fair Word Contest" text, KA TE WEL LS, t The Leading THE WORLD'S FAIR. A - SALT LAKE CITY. haOerselfJrank.dejppVji hereafter for, ' 2672S, 30and32 East 1st All her friends and all her kindred Loved her tenderly and well; She was good and sweet and patient, With the ransomed she will dwell, great the bereavement of her sorrowing parnts none can tell, and the eyes ofher many friends are dimmed with tears, and their hearts are heavy with grief at the loss of one that has passed away ju all the bloom and loveliness She post-mar- And her husband; God will bless him, . If he puts his trust above; And his children prove a comfort, V bereft mother's ( love. Though ia DEATH. " deservedlr-beloved'birilwh- Hadley, Kirk, Bless and comfort her dear mother, May she live for many years, To her children prove a blessing, As she has in all past years. Died at Panacea, Lincoln Co, Nevada, April 13th, 1 891; Jane Evelyn Wadsworth, aged twenty one. She was- - M. A. c. C. We must part from thee dear sister, One we've known and loved for years; And it grieves us all to sadness, 7 But we must dry up our tears. , A SAD the one bearing the earliest distance -- etc., considered. Address, "The Home Fascinator" Montreal, Canrda, Mary thou wast kind and gentle. Good and noble, brave and true; And thy spirits gone to heaven, Where we hope to meet with you. loss Making music as they go, Her's the little hand that beckons Ever from the radiant shore. Angel of the Lord to lead us Where we'll never lose her more.'' . y - and not our Darlings Our's the pain and her's the joy Our's the mourning and the weeping Her's the bliss without alloy. I ler's forwarded-t- o to ed k, Susan Sperry. " April, the the be-award- will " - " Died at Oakley , Cassia Co. Idaho March 28, 1891, Effie Sarah E, Richards IJSulsaTdiuTht hnrA rt mnnth: at davs. "Our's the deceased. the the the-first-prize-- argest-list co-labo- OBITUARY. , in- . dulgent mother. Whereas it has pleased our Heavenly Father, to call from our midst by the hand of death our beloved sister : and friend. Therefore, be it resolved that we recognize in the death of our sister the loss "of a friend and in the Relief Society. cans daily. They have also decided to build a factory at Benton Harbor. Michigan, for the canning of uncooked foods. There's another Bud removed, Ere it felt the blight of sin Through the gates the Angels made. Our baby has passed in. : -l- k ess The Woman's Canning and Preserving Company, of which Miss Amanda T. Jones, of Chicago, is president, is said to have a capital of $1,000,000, and has one plant in A Special Prize of a 14 kt. Gold Watch, valued at $50.00, will be awarded to the .girl; or boy, under 16 years of age, sending in the "largest list. Every one sending a list of not less than 20 words will receive a prize. As the winner of the first prize may not care to make the extensive trip offered, the option of $1,000.00 in cash is given. Send seven 2c Stamps for Complete Rules. Premium Catalogue and a sample copy of the beautifully illustrated paper," TAe Home Fascinator' The contest 13 open to any person in the United States or Canada. In case of tie on the s, 1 ..t. articJewill also be awardedin orderfmerir DBT GOODS: Special department for Ladies'' Misses andJ In- fant's Shoes.. --- ! i U2, 114r JDTXJD if im East Temple Sir Ss T-lvdZES CO. TIN'NERS CAS.WATER & STEAPsfl FITTERS Agent for HUMSKY'S celebrated LIFT and FOR- K PUMPd. Pumpa Repaired on short notice. Orders Jro - LiMi .EAVJD So S5S. -- ALT LAI 2 CU7 -- 