WOMAN'S EXPONENT 128 X that nothing need be submitted for her inspec-- , tion.or that of her daughters, in which birds ' aro used a3 trimming. E. Halleck, superintendent of instruction W.S. A. OFPAYSON. of the Woman's Suffrage The I. in Oklahoma, writes to the Woman's Tribune that the bill to give women full suffrage lacked ody two or three votes of carrying in the Territorial Legislature, and that women "can now vote in municipal elections and on school nt. vice-presiden- t, - I") r.'.A "M . Ilorrocke, accompanied Iin1lrfl' bjaacJ3ullock, an'a Su ffrago Association were read by Mr?. E. Bullock, and also the platform of the National American .Woman's Suffrage Association, which were adopted. The following organization was then effected by unanimous vote.- Millie Stark, president; Hannah Wjide The byl aws-of- -the -- Lillie Fairbanks, assistant secretary; Jeanette Tanner, treasurer; Ann Pickering, B. , J, Simons, Elizabeth Laut, Isabella Einleyson, Alary A. Hardy, Ida Coombs, executive committee, with Mrs. Pickering, chairman, Mrs. E. Bullock then addressed the meeting in a very spirited manner. Said, previously in' our organize we had only a lions, but she was now in favor of a president and more complete organization, and for this vice-preside- . nt DRESS MAKING for Ladies MERCANTILE and - Pawnee -- IMQTITIITinM J I I I J t I Wl I . II1 BURIAL SUITS. A0Z P H i q1 .W OIITH WWW... Opp.Cirynall.SaltLakeCHj and- . bilk -- Children, and GOODS TRIMMINGS, Iktck ford III., Washington-Iowaand Stevens Point Wis., Feb. 12, she will address the Illinois Legislature on the pending municipal suffrage bill, and a little later will address the Indiana .Legislature on municipal suffrage and the J'age of consent", at- -- St DRESS MANUFACTURING Mr3. - p DRESS GOODS, FASCY ARTICLES, VE - . , Mr8.MattleKaIeb!tt-Thoma,Sn- CO-OPERATI- Helen Gougar has reccntlv ben.. addressed large audiences on woman suffrage , ra. on matters." norne,rreet. wowrs . Association, of Pajson, took place at Payson, Jan. 15tb, 189.. The meeting convened at the Meeting House at "the call of the After devotional exercises, Mr?. stated that the Millie Stark, object of the meeting wa? tljat. of lion, and visitors were present from- Pro vo,who came over for that purpose, viz: Vicevice-preside- Mr?. M. Isabella : MfsrAn a Richa r dso u7 formerly i. U f"pHi i; aTa era b er at the Young Women's of the Bible-clashas Christian" Association, of . Boston, established a school for colored youth at Marshalville, Ga., where every effort is being made to better their condition. The King's Daughters circles of the Association have lately contributed $100 toward the support of the school. ll U L iJ s PRINCIPAL POINTS EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH . Th a Woman's of Washington voted at its last meeting to join the National Council of Women. Mrs. M. D. Lincoln delegate, and Mrs. M. S. Lockwood alternate, and Mrs. Lockwood; Mrs. Crandall, ard Mrs. Mopney were apUNION TICKET OFFICE, pointed a committee to arrange for a reception Main Street, Salt Lake City, to the National Council in February. S. W. ECCLES, Genl. Pass. Agt. Gov. Russell did not own "real estate to the value of 1,000," as required by the constitution of this State, until a few days before his :"" wives. electiou, when his wife transferred to him "Mr. Charles Ellis, the lecturer, eulogised the enough of her land to enable him legally to .K-THOliid m h . bold. the office for. .which, he. was a candidate lauirn iiiLiirii uri ttiiii in iiiuiicci toolkit wild westj itnd wished butirihe'Bamrtime'noarao endeavoring to elevate the Bex, and educate money upon which she is taxed can enable themselves in their rights and privileges, and Mrs. Russell even to vote for the governor or ftrro!n lKo!i fronolilwii 26,28,30and32East 1st SouthSt, for any other State officer.- - This seems someJIBUVU1V llHIU Mr. Isaac Bullock made' encouraging rehow amiss. Ex. SAtT LAKE CITY. marks, ".Women rule the destiny of men" anoV The of States convene Legislatures many are wise counselors.' They succeed m almost week. this friends The of ' V 7 equal rights, everyeverything. , should where to secure fees try of the Pro of municipal suffrage Mrs. llorrocks, vo, spoke - Tim for women wherever practicable. More and of the initiation," which is an annual fee for the expenses of the association, of fift) cents from more, men see the grievous injustice of withholding the ballot from women, who now hav Bui lock has been apeach member. lrs-.pointed to go as a delegate to Wash in ton next opportunities for the best education, and ample side means of acquiring information upon pubHc month. Women are expected yasyii-i- o nope ior some by side with men, and )ve aro liot slaves but ijuvauwuj. a n Gi in this direction gain free to act for ourselves in all matters of induring the coming ' for and the amelioration of some of the hard' telligence and not be trodden under foot or ' 'legal conditions that rest upon women. At tyrannized over by men V Mrs." M: Rfnflr nnrdrtfi7ff nnrl saifl that least, let us ask, in the hope that we shall receive. Ex. Special-t- o "through her sickness, during hex past year's, business in the W. 8. A. had been neglected. .George Bancroft, the historian, is dead. we had not a On "account of the storm He passed awayatthe age.ofninety,-full-olarger gathering la tha in tereat-o- f our Association. She encouraged all; members to be years and honors. Tributes sent by the Will bo found tr latest hiyls acd' pi eductions sovereigns of Europe, on the announcement of active. in Remarks were also made by Mr. J. S. his death, were added to many similar ones LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, Tanner and D. Lant which were to the point here. The following fitting and appreciative FANS, QLO VES,r PARASOLS, and instructive. Adjourned for two weeks. words were spoken of him by A. R. Spofford, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES the Librarian of Congress, between whom Benediction by Bishop J. S. Tanner. "And an eieant assortmen of and Mr. Bancroft the warmest M. A. Haiidy, Sec'y, protem. personal X) J3f2r friendship existed for many year: "His is the : ; -most beautiful old Special department for Ladies1 Misses' and InNOTES AND NEWS. ajIbaretveT "Xhoes. fant's ' peaceful, cultured, surrounded by friends and ... U2. 114, 116, 118 Eal Tctlf Sir Miss Lucile Banks succeeds her father as rdratand jreVered by a whole nafionVthe editor of the Index, long a leading paper of drawing to a close of hU life is as grand and beautiful and peaceful nv ih& rro.7i :u Columbus, Miss. tltrhf VU cln UJUUUIH1U mn.,.,i;. .. u,o" Mabel W. Moore, M. D., has been elected TINNERS GA3, WATER & STEAM FITTERS reason a prescient had" been appointed with niore aids and committees. She believed women should oecu py a different position in future to what, they occupy at the present day. She referred to a speech of Mrs. E. B.Wells at Ihe W. S. A. : "We have known our weakness for years now let us know our strength. "Women were destined to ba equal to men. We should assert our rights, learn what is going on in the world, keep posted in political and movements; we then are better mothers : ' ila-- ' - -- vras-appoin- -- Association National-Press ted w M them-tuecesr- in ; , l. ; - . - Leading Retail (Dasli E , to-wo- House rk ? -- the ladies. A T TEA S D'EL'S to-da- y, f . : - - Q-003- D S . -- 1 a viceresident of the Montgomery County (Pa.) Medical Society. The Princess of Wales has given orders' . . Ex -- AgeDt for celebrated LIFT.iul FDRCK on fibort noUce. frdre nnrr ; " responded to. RUMSBVS la the elevated order of ideas tie life' PUMP. Iumps Repaired of manwgloryj the life of womsn is love. - tecocctry irimptlj " 