t 4u WOMAN'S AN OLD BOOK. And old torn book, with one pale rose, ' ' Crushed in its yellow pages: I have not held it in my hand. , Nor read it thus for ages. : Nay, formerly, the print was good, : V Or else mine eyes were better; . ' ' For now they're full of tearstoo full r. , ; To see a single letter. . ,', . ; , , , LEGEND OF THE VIOLET. His said, " In distant ages, long ago; Her color was a deep heart-re- d .' As few may know. Jj Till, looking upward to the blue, f .The very deep of purity,' . -- Ifer being caught that wondrous hue, " " . As all "may see. But as that perfect blue was shed ,., g ' , ' ; ." d, . 'r x, - r- - . ... . FIRE FANCIES. ' ' valued. The polls are not necessarily a- - place of uncouth conduct and boisterous language. If women were expected and continually appearing, quiet would reign; men would not so; far forget themselves as to indulge in abusive language or amuse themselves by fist fightiog in the -- presence of ladies. It is just as Henry. Ward Eeecher says, that "rudeness at the polls is due to woman's absence," that "her office IFtoca?ry " with her wnate ver T:. Jsseemly anajdecorous" : We do not want to fill man's sphere, or rule over him as Victoria does over her subjects. We believe that man was placed at the head by God, but that woman's place is at their right hand. We would like to be represented in all political circles, to let merit, not sex, regulate the amount due for services rendered to be allowed to fill some appropriate offices under the Government, and to . have a voice in the election of the same. If, as some say, it wouiaoe iiKe giving every man twovotesno ' I am sitting by my fireside, In its warm and ruddy glow," While the day is slowly dying ' And the shadows come and go; . And within the glowing embers i ? Shadowy forms I seem to see Shadows, that bring backio memory. Friends and days once dear to me. And although this firelight dreaming. 1f " " i Through it all deep tones of sadness, Like to shadows o'er the sum. V - ' For the dear ones whose sweet faces Made my heart so glad and gay. ; r, They with whom I talked and journeyed On each happy summer day, Now are absent; and I miss them As I sit alone As I see their dreamland faces ' In the dim and flickering light.- ' ; v. ' ' :, : to-nig- ht, - - Yet sohie day in the far future, . ' If our Father wills it so, ; ' I shall meet the friends I dream of .J n the. firelight' glow, But when they are absent, , . ' . is It pleasant just to see, " In the glowing light before me, . ' Faces of those dear to me. So I sit and dream and wonder, In the fire flame's ruddy glow, W hile the day is slowly dying, And the shadows come and go. Good Housekeeping. - - to-nig- ht, . - . SUFFRAGE, .allow, each, woman to cast one, as he would be his wife's dictator,iLw.4uld, ..pay .Ithexdiustt- oplease and satisfy thejvomen, tor do they not make for us a heaven , or a hell? And there could be no harm in simply doubling the number of votes,as the ultimate result would not be changed. I3ut who... wquld dictate .'to. the bachelor s wives, the widows and the unmarried? Oh! that is not the point; they fear that women would not al ways be influenced by their husbands,1 and that wicked and immoral men would not be elected. As one writer says "Women are too scrupulous and exacting in their choice of a candidate to rbe' successful in practical polities'." Would that-morof the men were afflicted with the same disease I . .Why ..are women .notas competent to vote a3 men? They are oftenerr sobers a greater number of them are honest, fewer commit murder, suicide, burglary, robbery, etc., a less ratio become insane, beggars, or visitants of the poor house and, gambling den. Woman has the early care and training of the child, she plants the first seeds, makes-the-fi- rst e In the early history of our country,- suffrage was limited to church members, ,thea.. to "property owners, and later all restrictions were - - lifted from the ci tizens of a free Government, who were endowed with sufficient intellectuality , to become competent fudges' at the The last advancement; age of twenty-onremoved a much greater obstacle, and this tiraeJt lwas decreed4hat race orcolor should form no consideration, v We now to e. msertnly-the- rr . and domestic affairs, the zenith of woman's glory will have been reached, and great things .may be expected from the offspring of , One class rules the other by the hand of tyranny.; They have no voice in the laws,the amount of taxes they "shall pay, or who shall fill the public trusts. In Massachusetts those who wish to vote must first work a poll tax. Were it possible for women to gain suffrage by paying a poll-tathere would be .hundreds and hundreds seen at. the polls every ejection day. And why would the festT)T uhTustr The paupers. infirm, demented and vagfibond, would be debarred. Men or women who shared not in political enthusiasm, would not care to pay a dollar to secure a privilege that was not : Merion Coutiiony Smith. ' Kn rpnrPSPntnfirP nfnnrfntnrAfrnrprnmont is best informed upon political, civil, religeous -- Congress". , :: pfeaianFisTyeTstifi there run for, man to go very far in woman, or for woman td ; far surpass man in intellectuality,' but the development of the one means the onward march of the other, and a systematic development of both, for do they not have the same origin? We cannot impart to others what we do not possess;, and when it becomes .an best fitted to acknowledged fact that she perform the, duties of a., wife and; mother, flnrl in hart thf nnri nnrf trnirnnrr nf tfir - O Love, lookup to air and sun, Live in the largeness of God's space; Till thou and Purity be one."..' : , Sweet blended grace. , .. , Jlh impossible advance of be classed as good; or be the .su cha. people uphedby -populace,- hence it is of vital importance that" Lexia Hahius.: representatives of the people should formulate them. As it now stands only one half of the citizens ot tne Uiuled btates;ja.rjgiinresentco!-i- n NOTES AKO NE WSr ... Upon her petals without stint, 'Twas mingled with her own heart-reIn purple tint. limit to the broadaTIolnT of freedom upon tvuicu uur gionous uonstituttou stands. This word should have been inserted by the signers of the Constitution, but it was not and the omission has caused and is causing great deal of unnecessary trouble.- Why do we want suffrage von mv7 : Whv I! did our forefathers wish to be represented in mengusn rarlament, and have a voice in: the power? Because' one, person cannot justly represent another without aving experienced Similiar feelinjrs. Ard for' tucoamc ruuson we uesire to place a candidate in the halls of Congress, to aid in the making of the laws,' for if thev materiallv conflict with a majority of the governed, they cannot ' law-makin- , 5 Lady Lindsay. v 13P -- ' The violet was Love's flower; EXPONENT. read race, color, or sex, then there will be no i. . -- and lastinxiffiBrlMionLJDth Xuehces "tEat .she exerts over the child's mind remains with it to its dying day. At years of age, Mrs. Matilda Sewall, of Augusta, Me.; takes rank among, the best piano-player- s of her city. , y The Ladies' Health Protective Association of New York will apply-foa national charter. have consideration under the problem They of cleaning the streets in that city. :r ninety-si- x onard-Groverhas-close-aroDtfaerwjtjj- Eugene Tompkins for a. run of "The wolves of 'New York," at the Boston Theatre. Scene painters; are at work getting up the piece, which will be elaborately presented. Mrs. Eliza N. Blair, wife of Senator Hen ry W. Blair,-ha- s nearly completed a story; of the New England life of a generation or two back, entitled "Elizabeth the Puritan,"; which will soon be published, probably by a Boston firm.- r A. Woman's Educational Union at Fran Germany, founded in Io'7G, has 809 members. Its schools have 084 Tpupils'who studyr hesides-t- he 'nsualiLfbjects machine-sewintailoring, embroidery,ironing, millinery7"and"co6kicg. Madame von Teufile, better known.. a3 Blanche Willis Howard, is living happily and writing busily in Stuttgart. Her husband it would be "a blot lately said to friend that ' on his 'scutcheon' if herj marriage should paralyze his wife's literary faculties." He is said to be as proud of her as a literary woman, as he 13 devoted to her as a wife. - - hair-dressin- g, - Sarah Bernhardt, with her companion, Miss Savior, a valetp two maidsMr. Mrs." "and Maj rjceQraij and Skye terrier, and therlittle girl Madeline, adopted in New York, r. arrived at the yNe w York and New England station last night on the White Limited Express from New York. They were met by Messrs. Abbey and Schoeffel and "driven W the Yendome, where supper was served at about eleven o'clock. Mr. Grau said that after completing the Boston engage- ment the company will go in turn Jo AVash-ingtoPhiladelphia, some, minor' cities and .Montreal, working westward to San Francisco by way of Chicago and St Louis, winding up in Australia. Returning, in the autumn, the company, 7 will again visit 'Boston. In 're-- 1 ference to; ..tHe..cbild the famous artist has 1 adopted, he1 knew5 but 7 little. it Madeline, and it was supposed to be the offspring of a distant relative- - or friend of the actress, bhe had taken a rreat " fancv to it,, and after taking it with her. to Washington and Philadelphia, will send it tof France -to be educated n, -- -- ttt" Learning makes himself" ' ' : a4 ; mail fit conipany for - - g, '' ' 