WOMAN'S One of these will be given in the 18th "Ward school house on Wednesday evening May "TJtVat' which timeTrTetrjs oFllie to come and see for themselves. Mrs. Bojden's work in that direction was highly spoken of in the Denver papers, and she has devoted herself exclusively to the interest of Elocution herei winning the sincere admiration of some highly cultivated that Mrs. people. We hope with meet the success her work Boyden may deserves. She will be assisted at' the entertain- : I . I I. r f oiC ucr mem Iuy icw pupu arm aiso Dy some oi the best musical talent in the qity, besidts musicj songs and recitations, there will be a short play.. citals. 1 .. 1 RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. Afternoonsession convened in the Assembly Hall, President Zina D. H. Young presiding; bedside, her Counselors other ladies from a Arui-t- he -- Secretaries, distance-were-seate- d several oa the" stand, and Apostles F. D. Richards and F. M. Lyman favored the sisters with their presence during the afternoon. Meeting 'opened with Mountains singing ."O, ye High" &c. prayer by S. E. Dr. Barney, sirging, "We Thank Thee O God for a Prophet," -- President Adeline Barber reported Cache Stake. Counselor Ann Puliife r reported Emery S take. Pres. Mary Pitchforth, Juab Stake, Pres. Susan Grant,Davis were all spoken Stake, these organizations of as in gcod condition and' a good "ipTnfual Influence prevailing among the sister. Dr. R. B. Pratt spoke for a few minutes thought we had enjoyed a spiritual feast, wondeied if we. were grateful enough for the privileges we enjoyed, said we Fad many precious promises made to us, and we might bring them to pass if we liyed for them and asked for it, illustrated her idea by a beautiful field of wheat, that we first had to prepare' the ground then sow the seed," water and tend it, work to make it bring forth the golden grainT We need the spiritual as well as IlKertemp and dark, and then we have to get down our; nees and beseech the Lord to help us, and by our. humility '.we feel softened and tender, then Dr. Pratt also we can have the holy Spirit. spoke in behalf of the Hospital, its needs and that every little gift would be acceptable. Counselor B, W, Smith referred to the first organization of the Relief Society, to the teachings and instructions of JojtepkSmithajdthe-workl4- h sisters' accomplished in that early day for the poor, the sick, the distressed, the dying and the dead; said many things that were mysterious to to us then are now as plain as day; we have grown wiser and more intelligent in many things; there were more evil spirits to contend with then EXPONENT. 1G lives, and in all their ways and the peace of the Lord would abide with them. ;a I can't go but ..tell them God bless them and I bless them, they-hav- e Sister my blessing." Pres. Josephine Textonius of Leamington reported Mjllard Stake. The Cor. Sec. then read encouraging letters from Bannock, Beaver, Paro-waSevier, Kanab and St, Joseph Stakes. Apostle F. D. Richards expressed himself pleased that the sisters :felt to come out to the General Confeience anu 'also to have a Conference of theirown, was aware that some of them had Com5TonglIistinces and "HoniinaTisn I . the time and would feel Daid for rnmin joyed 0 the work they were now doing was a small only part of the greater things that would be expected and would require alt the strength of those engaged in it, and spiritual intelligence would be needed. The subjects introduced in the meeting by Brother Lyman in regard to had been given to the brethren of the priesthood in their meeting which,, had convened" that morning. Pres. Richards continued-by-sayin- g the Lord expects and is going to require greater works of u$, the Savior said to his disciples "greater because I go to my Father ;" we all had a natural tendency to look downward but we should look upward and press onward. The SDeaker then related the stnrv' nf the wicked king in a graphic manner that illustrated a truth he wanted to impress upon the minds of - r his hearers. 7 r"Your society, he said, had some delegates to" represent you in the Woman's National. Council Richards spoke tenderly to the mothers and said she realized how difficult it often was for them to leave home, to attend their meetings even though ' they needed the instruction. Sister Zina gave the testimony of Pres. Young in regard to the mothers paying tithing and y added this fast dey work, given here re. on minded hero! Pres. Youngs teachings the sub of to mothers the teach this ject tithing. Urged little ones at home tell them Bible stories that will teach them spiritual lessons. She blessed all the sisters and said peace to your households, wear the beautiful mantle of charity God bless you all, Amen. Conference adjourned for six months.' Singing -r raise 10 ineman wno coramunea wiln jenovan,; Benediction by Apostle F. D. Richards. n, to-da- fast-offeri- ngs AMONG EASTERN M. Ah at Washingtbna be published and have been already in the current papers, and will be in the official pamphlet of the Council when it is issued. We can't always "dwell in swaddling clothes, we haven't yet arrived at our manhood and womanhood in all its glory. Let the graces and virtues of the Gospel blend with the good and the bright women of the world, and if yOtfkeep' the good spirit and have a little salt to season those who have not 'the grace of God and His spirit, ' ' A. Y. GREENHALGH. After speaking of the women who are the de scendants of Isaac and Rebecca, our thoughts naturally revert to the daughters of Ishmael, whose tents whiten the Arabian vdcsert. Although thev claim their desrent from th Mmc father (Abraham) as the Hebrew women do, yet they differ materially, in their proclivities, and mode of life. The descendants of Ishmael are, for the most part7Mohamedans, living in tents upon the vast deserts of the East, as the bulk of them do, they have seen less of the changes time has wrought than have the banished, and c scatteTed descendants oi Isaac,, and though so closely allied in blood they know less of each other than any other people. Changes of fashion , . . - WOMEN. 1 1 tIJ . i. - w J - i 11 them little, if at all, and while the Hebrews despise, and dislike an agricultural, life, foow the primitive occupations arjd '"man'n'r'so?.tfie!r forefathers, viz.'JlhV Jceeping of numerous flocks and herds, and the tilling of . land for their support. The Jew is by nature a trader, and thus accumulates wealth in the cities of every known nation on earth ; while the Arab prefers a tent for his dwelling, finds his pleasures in hunting,- - and fighting, and his occupation in herding his nocks, and cultivating enough land to grow grain for his support, and flax for his assisted clothing, and-t- n tnese occupations ne-isin he is all indeed others. The by the women,as is to own a wanderers of these highest ambition well of pure water, for he who does so is counted a wealthy man, and to him come his nomadic brethren to buy the precious fluid for their own use and to water their cattle. In many families e. 11 t i .1 f .t i tne Tcey oi" tneweir ts raiTusxeu to in c c n arge or the daughters, and, like Rebecca they do not feel it beneath their dignity to attend to the watering of theiirown stock, or of those who come to buy. When we see these veiled figures at the well, the mind iustinctively reverts to, thefairwoman, which the servant of Isaac found attending to the same duty, dressed in the same fashion, but with face uncovered, and we could almost believe we were living in that age of the world, and that thousands of years had not elapsed since the mother of Isreal left her father's tent to become the wife of Abraham's favorec? son, and as in those of ages past, the daughters of a Shek7or chief, (for the name is synonymous ;) though they do not grind the corn, or make the sweetmeats, for which the Arabs are famous, yet they will go to the well, wait while the herds are watered, receive the pay, and return to their tent, with the . stately bearing, and proud look that becomes the-Ishmaeli- "Evolutions and mutations are constantly bring ing about great changes and wonderful things, and we shall have greater still before Ion sr. If the sisters had not had the Relief Society many would have been ready to lay down and die. It has been a great spiritual blessing as well as giving help and comfort to the needy and distressed; keep the Holy Spirit that quickens and purifies, the swifrwjders,j stagnate,disobediencetothe Holy Spirit grieves it ' from us. "The angel told Joseph his name should be known for good and for evil throughout the earth and .so.vwill we as a people; we are going to shine before the world Zioh is increasing, the "beera:reroswra Pres. Elvira Harrison of theOT. L. M. I. A. of the spirit of increase has been given to this peoMalad Stake represented the Relief Society of ple and is taken from the world." Pres. Richards, also spoke earnestly of the impprtacrce of the that Stake. Stake secretary Mary E. Snow, work for the redemption of the dead, aad advised .represented Bex Elder Stake. those who were present to take home a little of consre- Aoostle JVftL- Lvman.addressedthe . j the good spirit and influence and teachings that gation, said Pres. Woodruff had intended to had received and give it to their neighbors and come and had-great desire to come, but had they been prevented; alluded to the preaching in the friends and take it to the local meetings that those Priesthood Meeting that" had been held in the who" had not the privilege of attending might in some of its benefits. morning, and the teachings in regard to fast participate Counselor B. W. Smith occupied , a few moofferings, and the great assistance the Relef ments in speaking and prophesied concerning the Society would be if these things were properly of Zion. "Saints : prosperity regukted. ItalL the Latter-daCounselor lane 7 ST' Ri chards: adreiieti2lhev thelFast IHvlthel IdonAtionslwoiild-blLBrereat.- ; benefit to the poor, and their cries would not go congregation briefly, alluding to the invitation extended to President Woodruff and how feelup into the ears of the Lord, and angels would smile upon those who performed these duties and ingly he had expressed himself in regard to the Relief Society and his desire to be with them at requirements, and a blessing would surely follow; realized that the Relief Society formed an impor-- , the meeting, but his absence was wholly unavoid. able. ... He sent tnem his messing anu regret uiai tant part of the Church. Referred to the neces h fco'uToHSoinUt Sly Pi all working in harraony in tne paeiy, President as he heldher hand saidj'Tm very sorry law of Mohamet forbids a woman to go abroad and counseled the sisters to be exemplary in their ; , L -- " w a -- the-ancestre- ss y ffvfd .:. v 