WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 178 thn efnnfrt nnhirv crftvfi WftV. I marked a woman whose patient and persistent labors, day by day, attracted me like a magnet. I followed her to her "pavilion tokund she bad nothing to sell, no profits to expect but ideas to promulgate for the uplifting of humanity. A graduate of old Chautauqua in the North, a new one in the she was laboring to bouth, ana succeeded, ana ve .runnus oprmgs, in the western arm of Florida, the only Chautauqua in the South at that time, was the of that patient toil. 1 1 followed her history priaViPrt LONGFELLOW'S but as be as writers for the higher magazines, nrtA humble toilers in the vale of letters. Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes works harder to evolve a bright thought, and does more patient drudgery to polidh and improve it. than any of the. obscure writers would condescend to do EVANGELINE Here is the story of bow Longfellow's famous poem of "Evangeline" came to be "Hawthorne dined one day with written: Longfellow, and brought with him a friend from Salem. After dinner the friend said, One who knows him says that he writes, rewrites, "interlines and turns his sentences t0 "I have been trying to persuade Hawthorne catch every possible; reflection of his genius. to write a story, based upon a legend of It is this constant respect for the art he Acadie, and still current there the legend practices that gives to his writings their of a girl who, in the dispersion of the was separated from her lover, and brilliancy and their rippling flow. A new writer who was waiting for inspirapassea .nerjne.in- - waning- - anu geeKmg lor to find that this Tesult wa3 "fraught" not with" tion was ad vised to try a little perspiration. If" him, and found him only when dying in a an excutioner were appointed and your head hospital when both were old.'L Longfellow personal or pecuniary gain, but with the sacrifice of health and strength and in the face of were to come off if you did not produce a good wondered that this did not strike the fancy of Hawthorne, and said, to him, "If you poem or cheerful essay, you the Jaggard in heavy loss. dohave really made up your mind not to use A few weeks ago I was informed of the fact literature would achieve something worth of the princely gift of land arid "material aid ing. There are people who are actually too it for a story, will you give it to me for a lazy to think. They plead that it gives them poem?" To this Hawthorne assented, and, for a National Chautauqua at our own door, ray-c- o headache.They would call it time wasted moreover, promised not to treat the subject operation was, asked and. I was also told. in prose till Longfellow" bad "seen what he hours over the matching that an experienced woman was active in tne to spend twenty-fou- r of rhymes in order to get a perfect frame for could do with it in verse." movement. "The name?" "Mrs. Susie Birch Jennings." The memories rolled back. She a crystallized thought. Yet a thought may be a winged soul, carrying messages of hope and was Susie Birch at New Orleans. The name " comfort to the ends of the earth. We hear of ..'Miss Margaret Schutt, a maiden lady, of was a talisman. Perseverance, earnestness, s Derry,Pa.,died recently at the age of sixty.fi ve. geniuses in lonely bursting fullgood judgment and experience should bring Her entire life has been devoted to hard work blown upon the waiting world, but we know success; and a great wave of grateful confiand since her father died, early in the seven tiei which the dence swept over my heart for the other gift nothing of the years during of that faithful worker in this new vineyard thoughts were worked out, khe scenes enacted she had been a plain domestic in. the families She dressed plainlv of the neighborhood. of the Lrd. It was the hand of this woman in the mind of the writer, and the plot developvcuiui iug uui uuui iuu ucaicu lmm m weannir that Mrs. Leland Stamford clasped in hers as ed. Of one thing be sure. There was a bustle. For some years she had been living much labor of love or sorrow, beshe uttered these eloquent and heartfelt words: "We have a Catholic University; a Methodist fore the book with it3 fair leaves reached our with a family named Bennett, from whose she Affer tfiA- fnr.0,i - , was buried. scanning eyes. As an example read the life house University in progress; now comes a ChauUUfll I tlie Misses Bennett to n went of Charlotte Bronte, and see what her prepera-tioclearing up the room tauqua, with its grand ampbitheater, that overMiss bad Schutt was for writing her great novel Jane shadows them all." occupied. Such things as were of no use they cast into into the fire. Mrs. thomas then introduced Mrs. busie Eyre., ' tu mc The Answer. it ucu mcjr bustle Birch Jennings and Mrs. Julia Ward Howe. worn by the deceased, it was promptly pitched The ladies were greeted with applauseby tbeT into the flames, but was for some reason imaudience and responded in graceful and fitting TAKE A WOMAN'S PAPER. mediately pulled out again. Then it was seen remarks, ' ' t. . . 3 ft TWPTltV rf ft Of ' Wfinn K n Tfiar :.:,n..lKt. in! our, Mrs. Thomas tlien said: Ourl idea, It will be found by those-whcare to in sticking through the seam. Tearing open the inis to have a of temple representation every vestigate, that lor men there ar,e upwards, vucsxv : nuaicu uiscuverea u lot or terest among women. We "have already "re of 17,000 papers issued, while for women there Kanlr mojuuug-J1 r nwJ enver nrA buu uuno uuva gutu isuua. nnfou au coins oi ceived one pledge of $10,000 through Clara are not more than fifty. Yet the excuse most -uu juc wiieii counteu up viiuuuHuuo. women, when asked to made nine thousand dollars by frequently given in cold cash. It h Mrs. Roby, President of the Grand Army of subscribe to a woman s paper is, "My husband has long been a mystery what Mis3 Schutt did the Republic among women, who heads an ortakes so many papers that I do not feel that I with her earnings and this explained it. She ganization of forty thousand.. If she can ob can afford to take this one." Would it not be left no will, xvaa tain one dollar from each of her constituents betterJbr the husband to do with one ' fin t.hfiv mnnAv "w bUtUCU UVEl'lU vuvj her paper sisfpy her benefactions will not stop but, will aid less, and let the wife have a chance to learn Bennett for their discovery. The bustle will greatly in the building of the temple. what women are doing in the world? If he! go downjo future generations as an "Now the work is before ns. Do not let it as a man to know what men are do-- probably " requires heirloom. Ex. die or grow cold in your hearts. Remember does not she, a3 a woman, need like inforing, that we wait your message." mation concerning the work accomplished by -- up-buil- ) d re-fiu- Aca-dian- s, lt ji farm-house- -- much-painstaking, -- - ueu-lICKi- ng - ! o- ... -- 11 . . t,tw.-nn- nertsex. y oman s Uhronicle. MISCELLANEOUS. LABOR IN LITERATURE. ROYALTY AT T " xu lac 'Lcani to labor and to wait.'' uu sciiu uui tueir cruue niiicio thoughts and unfledged ideas to the standard magazines of the country the following remarks from an ajitbori -come amiss: -- ;t; ; ; In answer to the question, "What kind of manuscript d c you desire?' r Mir Gilder of the Cehfu ry "says: Thc the very best novel, or short story, essay very best poem, or descriptive article that can be written in the English laneua ee and. es neciall v b v - an 1 American wri ler k 4 constant demand. What a young and ambitious - and unknownjvritej most needs is not influence r introducbrave and tions, criticisms, and the hardest kiud of work in the perfection of his., material h t verse or prose." r bt self-searchi- ng If these - lhe daughters of the Princess of Wales save Ladv Elizabeth Hi! Home Journal, are sensibly educated. They know how to sew so well that they can make lnei 05n?' andthejJLkn.Qwledge-o7erT-rar- ' rIt t taught them is thorough. They can go into the kitchen and cook cook wellthey understand the -- art-of breadmaking,-a- hd they were ever thrown upon their own resources would be able to take care of themselves. And this has been done not only as an example to other mothers in the kingdom but because her Royal Highness thought it right for her daughters. I wonder how many of the daughters oi American, gentlewomen could make butter sew, paint, are good have a knowledge of sculpture and musicians, can and speak three or four languages? And read thii is true of the daughters of the Princessvet of Wales, who was herselt, while thoroughly educated, taught all the industries that would be a part of the knowledge of a daughter of nrdT - ir . writers ,would -- read the- magazines in question, analyze their articles, catch that snbtile, attractive quality, known as genius, which has won their acceptance, and then labor hard to create some poem or paper of. -- ba. : equal merit and interest, there a chanee- - that they would suceeed; "mibt not mrxgentlefolk. girls, they are always. - WORK r&Mced g. Gpodnessla better than knowledge. It is the great at whom envy shoots her darts. Men's words to women are much more kind when written than when they are uttered A man who puts his life in neril unselfishlv. and in a just cause, is entitled to the admira- - tionrof alt men. ";; Faith h a humhlft. ' -- ; :?z orare: it makes the Christian nothing in himself, and'all in God. R. Leighton. :., A tender conscience is an' inestimable blesj- ing; that is, a conscience not onlv auick to discern what is evil, but instantlv to shun it, as the eyelid closes itself against the mote. JThalCultlirft nf RAlf-dAntri-ncr flnwora ia nno nf tVft- feW -- pleasures that improves alike the mind and the heart, and makes every true lover of those beautiful creations of infinite love, wiser purer, and nobler. J". Vich Memorv. lilr hnnl-- tliot romoin fnr a. Ion 2 time shut up in the dust, needs to be openei from time to time; it is neces3ary,vso to speak, to" open its leaves, tbat it may be ready in time of need, Seneca. - a ; ' - 