WOMAN'S EXPONENT. grand .cause, and must think and act for 'ourselves, nut be something because somo one else was, we want to be Statesworaen, and will have to be educated up to a higher standardf before we are ready for many things that are in the future for us. Pres. Howard requested the Ex. Com., to remain for a. lew minutes alter. the close of th meeting. , , succeeded in two years, but - was refused her diploma simply because she was a woman, and 1 i ! P tt r niiinii,!. i'iltcuclu cuuki oe iouuu ,ior awarding a diploma to a woman. The courts next objected to her practicing, hut bv hpr indomitable will she broke down every harries utl jnun ami uas proven nerseiitoiieiiii - WEBER C. K., Mr.lJiichards then refered to the change in puoiic sentiment and feeling prevailing all over me worm to that which existed only a few years ago, regard injz worn an .and her influence for good; but in a brief synopsis it is impossible to do justice to the subject so intelligently nanaiea by Mr. Kichards. A vateof thanke was extended the; distinguished visitors and after a few terse remarks from fee Hon. F. D. CO. W. S. A. The regular mouthly meeting of the Woman's Suffrage association, held in the fifth Ward Institute, Ogden, on Tuesday afternoon September 1st, was one of more than ordinary -latexest society and to those who frequent those meetings. The first speaker introduced, after the opening exercises, was Mrs. Emily S. Richards. She regretted that circumstances had prevented her from personally meeting with the associa- tion to report orally regarding-he- rvisit- - to Washington as the delegate from Weber County to the Woman's National convention. She had been treated with great respect and courtesy. She had had the honor ot speaking-o- f Ogden ami the ladies of Ogden in the meetings of the Executive session of the convention , where there were delegates present 'from aji parts of the country and many were the warm expressions ...of congratulation and interest extended by a host of friends. ''These conventions are a source of education to the' ladies, as much valuable information is imparted Woman's aim is to do good. """These ladies who are agitating questions in which the welfare of women are involved are not themes5 whoriieed" heipT ou t "IHev" are" working for the good of others. Many women suffer-frothe labor they perform, and receive ibr.their..w0rk-;4hat-i- t such poor : compensation - ...... I i "TT I1T io.,tlus-membersof4h- at 1 . Ji'SHS. . Xo'blanie far these things. One mUSt edUCate rights pretaining to them. She should not depreciate men as all the rights women will receive will be given by them. r "The franchise, if given to woman, will not straighten all that is crooked in life. Woman's energies and efforts must be directed to do. good, to educate her sons and daughters and make that education equal. Politics should forraf part of on r education. The ladies have been honored with places on committees for the World's Fair, and the ladies of Utah will be called upon to do their part and let us i do that part well." S.rRrchai:df hex dtdivered an interesting and eloquent address. He believed the subject of woman's suffrage an important one. By this meeting he was reminded' of the first woman's convention he attended ten years ago in Washington; there were but few people at the meeting, not so many as there are here this afternoon' Since then he had attended such gatherings and the largest halls are now crowded,' so you ladies . muupLgetaiurage advocate are correct and men are proud today 4o acknowledge the work of such "gifted and able women as Cady Stanton and Susan B: Mr. Richards referred to Anthony." woman's condition in the past ages, and explained clearly that the higher the ivilization of any nation,the greater the opportune I -- -- . Richardson thejubject pXwnmaaipiivile.ges uum i'iiai u..o. xucnanis ana iura. Stanford in appreciation ot the discourses delivered, tha meeting adjourned for one 1 - not be done.bymachuiery. I hat is a good start anyway, I am speaking of ua as a whole; in the school wo are told we cease to be individuals. That does not mean that we become automatic, for, I suppose there is no calling for women which needs more personality, more, individuality. Whatever may have been the rush, monotony, or otherwise of our day (and there-a- re - some days in which ever v ttiiu'r seems out of joint), when onr time to be relieved comes we go away from the hospital and if we choose we" need not give it jauother thought for the next twelve hours, Out of the hospital we have not a care, unless it i for ourselves; we know how to appreciate our IpiatirP' wo nro loorfnl an1 arma von fltr lmnnv. arid sometimes frivolous; in fact, we are quite sisterly, as behooves all jjood nurses to he. Our training:, is divided, into what we call "services." We have so- many months train-- tng'inTne'-ininrnicrvices""4.ney are " medical, surgical, maternity, gyiuecological, eye, skin and throat, and the care of infants. month. Lizzie Stanford, Sec. pro tern. THE TRAINING OF A NURSE. BY MARY CADWALADER gain confidence in ourselves and others gain confidence in us.' V I suppose we are rather an ordinary -- class of young women, we never talk of ideals; we may not even think of them perhaps we have not any.. We are essentially matter (d', fart' Wfl liavo tn Aen ivth bnmnn hpinfs nnd with facts. Our two vears' service to most of liR is a mpiiriij in nn pnrl nnil thnf i niatorinl.-one, viz: the earning of monev. Some one told U3 at our commencement that we had ilnnn ,.- n nv.irionl.tn ' mill aU uuuu tfl ncu tu iinYc chinch juuiipaiuu lunun hiug; fctates." Sec. we iifve-wilI;-wean"learn"Tomel- There are now about ten ladies practicing law in the United , Wells, 1 ntelltgenran(rablelawyer. -- Caroline 1 -I directed to do. A head nurse is nearly always considerate, if necessary helping her through with her work and encouraging her. Time goes on and the probationer becomes a jurror, a senior, and finally a head nurse, and as we proceed with our. training, each dav . Adjourned until the third Tuesday in Sept. same time and place. . .47 JONES. "We each begin our duty in the hospital as probationers on a month's, trial. That beginning is very new to most of us; quite Unlike anything in our previous lives. Before entering the school, some of us mav have imagined that we had a peculiar fitness for nursing, even if we did not consider ourselves born nurses. We may have made up our minds " that we knew how to make a poultice, and to care for the sick by being , - . e may possibly have read Miss Nightingale's and so are quite sure that we know something of nursing; but that the hospital W otes f t As C ... CJ I t I .. - . . " " T . ... . v -- have ' -- mnrtPPfl tvith nnr frninin ,rn flisnnnnF we did not know how to make a Wfi that poultice, nor how Pest to care for a sick person. Some of us, again, know nothing at all about nursing, but we are not require to know anything. A head nurse prefers to train the raw material, so in her own way. What is required is that the probationer be receptive, that she be intelligent and, above all, active; and in case she has any knowledge of nursing, or ideas, or opinion, if she Is discriminating she will keep them to herself. We have no dreaming time; there is no places for - sentiment, and very little for " 1 u to-spea- k, sympathyJn3heJrdinar ' ' ' .. 6 that she mav orra of! flntv." and she has probably a bad headache. There is a hospital atmosphere, produced bv the smell of drugs; and other unavoidable oders. nre- M. to come-s- o. ceptible"to 'afresB'''"nose: he plroMtioh uuiiio ui vuo siue oi me waru, wun ine care of from ten to fifteen patients and all belonging to them. The head or senior nurse will go round with her and work m with her for the first time, She is shown how to make the beds, to chancre all soiled linen: how to removea"very sfck patient from one bed to another; how to cover-- patient and save her from fatigue while' sitting up to have her -- Were we to sympathize with all the woes that we see, we should be used up, we should .. die. ' ii pro oationer enters the ward for the first time, and is introduced to her head nurse. She is then probably set to do some simple piece oi workguch as arranging a closet or folding clothes and the Tike. On the' next day she will have her regular duties to learn. As the afternoon goes on she roayJincLJierL the clock watching, for 5.30 p. there are stramre nurht tlntv. vnronA nwr th twn vph ra in periods of about' six weeks' duration. The large wards of Charity Hospital have achfour nurses two iuuiors. one senior, and a head nurse. In the emergency hospitals a nurse lias usually the charge of a ward by herself, with a supervising nurse over all. There are also "special cases," the patient having a room to himself and a day and night nurse We each in have our charge: appointed preferences and dislike?, which are of no account a3 far as the distribution of the service is concerned; it makes us something to talk of, but we are under discipline; we go where we are sent. ......L.--,- .. We begin our duties in a large ward of Charity Hospitals .;W a ,WJJlJwll,r-4fMMt;CV-T,J-1lV- I VgT7t I- Hi ttUU out of bed; to keep an eye on the beds that the patients are able to make themselves, and so on throughout the details of - the morning's a o work. The latter part of the day is taken -- sightsand sounds which combined, give a month is especially a time of learning some sore or shock lor the hrst dav. The new nurse thing new; a '''good deal has to be fot into ties and advantages accorded to woman. K be not able that lo sleep that nieht. and bv, month; "afterward thinirs come more bv may He then related some of the experiences of the end of the week she may find herself crv- - degrees. Should the probationer be accented Mrs. Beiva Lockwood iu her efforts to acquire m she becomes a junior nurse and has the same bed, with pain in her feet and legs. ing au, educatioin how she strove against the kind of work for7 about three months. She these little ailments she keeps to herself objections raised to her entrance to the college She is anxious to give satisfaction, and she then goes on night duty; she is "on the land- for the study of law but by perseverance sh has to do uuquestioniugly all that she b- - 1U2o as wecaii itjtnat i? Jiaachargei the :", -c- - 