WOMAN'S JfcAs fo Pafew of 7Aon and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. ? . Vol. 20. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY 15, 1891. CONTENTS. The Old Garret Aunt Em. Woman's Work at Pocatello7A Little Girl's" Letter HattieV "The Till weary grown with "hope so long deferred' 1 , bTrFr ; " " 7 JULY: THE YEAR'S SWEET HEART. -r- ks July 5th, tm Augusta Joyce Crocheron. 1 891 THE OLD GARRET. The'ripening grain iri the meadow, The birds, singing sweet and near, The opened flowers in the shadow, The brook, with its ripple clear;, The bee in his clover sleeping, The locusts, that drone and whir, The rain from hills, down sweeping, And the clouds are in love with her ! r. For she, oh, the shy So dear to the world, so dear ! Is heart of the heart of summer. And sweetheart of all the year. MADELINE S. BRIDGF.S, in Ladies' Home Journal. In the old fashioned 'garret! Methinks I hear some one say, rubbish! that's all there is garret. Notf so fast, gentle, reader: al- jow me 10 ten you in tne garret mere is inspi ration lor the muse, and for me there is romance in the old KewEngland garret which in-th- e 1 . a . - ' .. ... m . . Oh the sweetest of life is love's young dreaa-No matter what gladness your hearts may know And wherever your wandering bark may go, It will ofienest drift with the winding stream, Where memory's beautiful rhythmic flow, , . , Sings over and,over4he things that seem. Dream on, nor think there are waking hours. - When all your sky may be overcast, The heaven born of our souls will last. We all have our April days and showers, But we have the sun when the cloud is passed -And the sweet perfume of our w ithered flowers. . Dream on, dream on 'tis the sweetest dream That angels "give. May so reverent be The morning's kiss to the future's sea, That the things- that are, and the things that seem Shall blend in perfect accord. Ah, we Knowing nothing so sweet as love's young dream Emma P. Seabury. " . Denver, Col. - " - "Oft in the stilly night, .J Ere shimber chain., hath bound-iFond memory brings the light, Of other days around me." -- In one of these, "long, long ago," a little a spell seemed upon her. she was alwavs thoughtful,, and at this particular time she was also very pensive. I don t mind tell ing you a tew ot her thoughts She might almost be called visionary, for she seemed to see the future all in a panorama, spread out before her, very much as we who have lived . And I find myself among the "old lumber" in the selfsame garret where I played- so much when a child and I wrote my first, poor verses, at eight years old, and where I was continually making new discoveries of old lace and ribbons for my doll?. There is as much poetry m it as there is in the par Parlors are very prosy, prim lor, and more. is one and affairs, always afraid of doing the wrong thing in one of those ones, that are never opened except on grand occasions; and never, one might almost say, tor children: 1"remember parlor chairs with their straight, upright backs, and funny, tall ; egs, u sed to seera to star e at 1ii ' W Ken a little girl I crept in softly to take a peep around; and I paid then, and I maintain it still, that I would never shut up the best room in the whole house and make it gloppiy;and .'flarky.tolbe --used on j. for old-fashion- com-pan- Like gentle showers to the barren earth, Or friendly voice to pilgrim feet astray; Like some loved face to greet the weary eyes c Long closed in fevered dreams, back to the day; Thus came into my solitude so long and deep Thy kindly message, proving unforgot My place within thy circle as of old, Where oh so oft, ray sheaf of dreams I brought. , -- Forgetting and forgotten, so it seemed My days went by, each other like the last, A monotone of duty drawn by faith; Life's lightest moments scattered down the past: ' :v:T y. ' But if there is anything more: inspiring than a musty old garret, it is spring time, groves, TO A FRIEND. ed 1 " meadows brooks, waterfalls, woods, orchards and the like nature's haunts; these are all suggestive and poetical and especially when the birds are' singing their sweetest notes in the tree tops, and the boughs nod ding and swaying, keeping a sort of irregular time to the unwritten music of the songsters. Ah, yes, they come with the early spring, and if- J am going ta talk of garrets,' and old books, and antiquities generally, and grandmothers, and old maids, and love letters, I must shut out the scent of lilacs, the violets and the pink and white with their dainty, subtle perfume, of I shall wander off into dreamland. apple-blossom- s, - apple-b- lossoms, She had been rummaging more than usual. Jind trying. tom rake up something J freahantL sue uau suceeeuew, ior away-ime iurtner-mocorner of the garret, from under thejyery ..: eavesdf the hbuse, sKe draiged out a buderet of old papers, tied in bundles. So sitting upon a broken stool,r in her silk and lace, she began to investigate these old papers. First of all, ghe soliloquized.r I like old things that are pretty and have a history, like old pictures, and silks, .and laces, and beads, and jewelry, that I hear the big girls talk so much about, and l aeariy Jove to play here m the garret, and make believe that I am a woman and all that, but old papers like these are use--? less. I can't see what people save them for. unless they are''deeds, or records, or valuables of that description, and thosc" are alwavs. locked up in desks, and some man carries the Key. i eg, some man, l wonaer wny women don't? They have the keys of the parlor and cellar and pantry, and the big chest of drawers, where valuable linen is kept, but then I suppose women have nothing to do with pa. pers, and documents, and so on. - But I am afraid I am telling yoii too much I mustn't tell you all she thought and felt, but merely say that she became so fascinated with the contents of the papers, that she forgot the curious way in which she was rigged out, land kept on reading and reading until it began to grow dim iu the strange place and ail the jwbile-throuwindow came the gh thepen me of the (lain ty perfu for it was springtime then O so many years -- ago, I wa? about to tell you how many,but I think I won't, or you might guess bow old that little girl is now, and that would be too bad, you know, for women, I've heard, seldom Tike to have their correct age known. By and by, her sister came to look for her, and made her take off all her finery and scolded her too st n - LOVE'S YOUNG DREAM. " a-- new-come- For the Woman s Tribune. " girl was playing; her dolls were finely arranged in daiuty bits of beautiful things, and she herself in such a funny gown, (not dresses, then, but gowns), she had found in an old, old dresser. It was gored in long, narrow strips, and withal would scarcely even fit her little figure,but it was red and blue changeable silk, bright and gay, heavy enough to stand alone, and the short waist and shorter sleeves were trimmed with very yellow lace, Just ready to drop in pieces with age. The child was a quaint, one and the dress wa3 queerer still-- but ' . ; y. of them-had omantio-dacev4u4-Acli-(ue garrrt. And through my weariness a thought did steal,' ( As echoes follow after song has, died,) Perhaps the M aster too hath not forgot"" His pilgrim faltering by the long way side: Perhaps - thy voice an echo of His will That shall throw open wide the hidden way Arise my soull once more take up thy staff, Tsor letlhe rough grown paths thy steps delay. - -- . to-da- - :July; All things beautiful love her: : The butterflies light and fleet, The branches that bend above her, The mosses that kiss her feet; ----- through fh silence thou didst call my soul. shine-above- go ex- quisite or charming as these, but thev hare --a ' history some of them at least. 1 io not Know lr mere are any such old houses standing now, as there were in the country towns in Massachusetts, thirty-fiv- e years ago, but the pictures of them, outside and in, are fresh in my mind Iam most much afraid them of are very remodeled, for this is a stylish ago we are living ; in; but when I was a little girl there were many such Thou didst not call me forth to joyous throng, To join in festal pleasures or in mirth: Not praise or honor waited for my steps., Too feeble were my works to earn such worth, Bu for my soul's own sake thou didst awake My weary halting in the path of life: That labor further, to upraise Some better markka strife; -- - I must confess that garrets are not O'er weighed with cares that faster seemed to roll, strove no more, bat silent saraloner- - llifn Woman's National Council. A Sketch of the Life of Ornha M, Everett Emily B. Spencer. R. S. Reports Tooele Salt Lake Box Elder. W. S. A. Salt Lake Co. Women-VitallyConcerned. A Jury of Women Ex. Notes and News. Wo men inventors tx. Editorial: Independence 'Day. Editorial Notes. Judge Zane's Views. Character Recep tion Interesing- Visit trrthe Primary Associations of Cache Stake Lillie Freeze. The Year's - Sweetheart Poetry Madeline S. Bridges. Love's Young Drea- mEmma P. Seabury. To a Friend Augusta Joyce Crocheron. The Heroic Life Sarah K. Bolton. Love's Fate M. B. Finch. Sunset E. C. Rk No. 2. w M, A apple-blossom- s, for getting herself so dusty and musty with . 