? -- w .Jr J v 1 m w V : l-jl- T The Rights of the Vol.' 20. IP omen, SALT CONTENTS. A In Rural England. Relief Society in Mexico Ida I Allred. Pleasant' Primary Work Lillie Freeie. Visit in St. George Stake Ann C. Woodbury. W. S. A. Salt Lake Co. Weber Co. W. S. A. Training a Nurse Mary Cadwalader Jones. PersonalsMarian Taylor. Notes and " r" Of forms and scenes familiar thoiigh so dim, -- News. TO MRSyAUGUSTA JOYCE-CROCHERO- Nr On reading her beautiful Poem, "An Ideal Home." ' ' I was reading your beautiful poem, Of a charming ideal earth home, V hen my thoughts took the wings of fancy, " Away over mountains to roam, d Over peaks of winter's crowning, W here fierce winds their strength spend in vain. Adown rugged, steeps wild torrents stemming, In search of your fairy domain, Over cities and valleys of beauty, I threaded the pathways along, Viewed pictures from fancy's revealing, 0f yotir home"protr aytfd'iif sweet xsng."OT Securely sheltered from rough winds sweeping, From a world's busy care and strife, Where smiling peace her vigils are keeping, To sweeten the. waters of lif- eWhere light of morning ever finds welcome, Where evening brings quiet and calm, white-cappe- . Hallow'd -- all labor grateful thoughts blending, To Him who is giver of all. of springtime, Where the robin and song-bir- d Come early to gladden and cheer, full laden, Each shrub and tree, with rock-riveflows clear. from As stream Sweet bud and blossom pathways surrounding, Scattering perfume from near and from far, Home of beauty, with music abounding, ' Worship is joy, with love's guiding star, ... Here in thii home; this charming ideal, Fain would abide in its rest, Destined by fate to turn to the real, " I'm merely Ttt fency a guest. L. M. Hewlings. Atchison Kans. . . .. - ts n 5 TWILIGHT- REVERIES. - The shadows rest upon the mountains high, And blue and purple haze enwraps them now, And clouds, fantastical, piPd 'gainst the sky, Wreath quaintest garlands round . the mountain's : brew; "zz " How gently blend shadows and clouds so gray, Changing to dullness things but late so bright, Yet from the beauteous west the closing day Casts glim'ring glances of its fading light. Oft have I watch'd the phantoms twilight made, Dissolving day and night in one another, And in similitude my fancies play'd With light and shade, entwining them together. The soft breeze gently whispers in the leaves, The tone so musical, and sweet, and low, The echoes thrilling me r'till mem'ry weaves The reveriesof tbe hour-wit- li ''long ago." No. G. woiknz4. answers did. not quite satisfy cousin Jane, yet sho would not persist m her questionings, but once or ' twice had made "Cousin Anna you never have seemed to me to be in the least practical certainly your tastes do not tend . . -. the-remark- the forests near my childhood's home And hear again the xoices in the breeze, And troop on troop the floods of mem'ries come, And I seem wand'ring 'mid those ancient trees, I .. ; IEditorial: This and That. Editorial Note. Aunt Presendia s Birthday. A Whitney Gathering. A Relief Society Reorganized. A Trip to Canada Zina D. H, Young. First Annual Convention of the P. C. Women's Press Association. Letter from Arizona W. East. Franchise Notes From Wyoming Therese A. Jenkins. Poetry: To Mrs. Augusta Joyce Crocheron L. M. Hewlings. Twilight Reveries E. B, W. Let the Dead Bury the Dead Selected. Dear bon beymour Phebe C. Young. LAKE CITY, UPAII, SEPTEMBER 15, 1891. The visions of the past fill all my soul," "AnJUirough the vista of the years crown grim I trace the outlines, as upon a scroll, . 1 -- of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations; see , that ' Appearances direction." arc Mis3 sometimes deceptive," Hilliard replied on one occasion, and then smiled significantly. Tho intonation of her voice, more than the words, had pained her cousin, she could not help thinking it. was .a covert reply, and that perhaps she had, though spoken in jest, a in And all that then was mine, of youthful tiope, And sweet affection, with her myriad powers, All these, I gather in the shadow'd scope Of fancy as I muse in TwilTght hours. Swet tones of love fall lightly on my earfi " duuble meaning. T., Again I feel the clasp of hands now cold, Cousin Jane was only a visitor at the Castle, Ami shudd'ring pausre, '(wixt happiness and fear, she knewr she had no positive right to claim As the vast panorama is unrolled. the confidence of her imperious cousin, but she saw how peculiarly embarrassing was the 'Tis pleasant thus to view the path we've trod, - And mark where here and there our feet ' ha ve "Wayji; situation Miss Hilliard occupied for a young Where sometimes fell a heavy chast'ning rod girl, and how much was expected of her from her father of which she was totally iguorant. And soft the whisper, be not .thou afraid! With only the" aid of hired governesses and Sooth'd all the wound and cheered us ever on, masters to instruct her, and these changed at And list'ning close the still small voice we hear, the caprice of the father whenever they of Now plainer grown than when life first begun, fended him; cousin Jane, had judged from the Helping and guiding as the goal we near. and first, rightly too, that such influences were If on our way some shadows in the not in the least calculated to discipline her pur pathand hid the light from view, cousin in proper channels of thought, or guide Now looking back through mists of bitter tears, her inclinations, or . actions towards lofty or We know whose hand guided us safely through; grand aspiration to qualify her for the re- ' E. B. W. sponsible position she would be expected to fill in the near future. v H e r mo tl i e r Lad y Hilliard had died when .AND.. ide gave y th to, .tUclittlB .girl JJJinu&fLsaid the father hud never married strain, r,or had II he (lev)ted luuch time or though t upon the education or training of his only child and becau-eshu Bed the devoted cousin sat: an d earefu n i was Miss Hilliard according to the good old Dr'g. "fTgirl, had made him cold and indifferent to instructions, and kept the' maid withfh call; the little one,. 'and even the death of hb wife not wishing her to see and hear what, might had not softened his heart; though as the ohild pass between them in case the young lady grew in years, she developed more and more would rouse from the stupor into which. she the tender graces, of her angefic mother; but seemed to liave fallen, and should inake a coneven this did not touch any sympathetic chord fident of her; which she longed and prayed for in the bosom of this man of the world, whose in order that she might know better how to pride was more than his fortune, and whose protect, and help her, and free her from any lineal rank far exceeded his merit. He alembarrassment on account of her father, or the lowed little Anna to grow up almost entirely young man, who had followed her to the woods under the tutelage of a French governess, who evidently by appointment. Cousin Jane; felt had been ucated in a con veil t and was full this must be the case, though she knew nothof duplicity and cunning; she jiad an Italian ing of the intimacy that had existed between music master, whose temper was almost un con--- the people. Bhewas" deep 'and far-- t trollable and who was entirely .without prinMiss ciple, and praising her, or sighted, and had noticed some thiE-g3ipetting had maFner lateT rise of (Bat Milliard's given scolding her by turns; these ami the servants to suspicions, that she scarcely dared to admit constituted the household.'except on rare occaeven to herself, and feeling conscious that her sions some distant relative Would come for a cousin Anna (Miss Hilliard) was not as strong few days and relieve temporarily the dreary in character, as herself, and knowing she was monotony,. b u t Si r"Ed ward never" encouraged several years younger and had seen sodittle of such'visits, and the stay was always brief. He what is termed society, she determined to stand had his particular friends, now and then to guard, without being rfnciou and find rOUtzif dine, or for the hunting reason, but Miss Anna epossible why Miss Hilliard took such Iongx was never brdughltouton Tamblesaml"wnf had scarcely been allowed to associate with she So far had not been any of the youiig girln when a child, though for concealment. able to discover anything tangible upon which he had ofttm been lnvite to base her suspicion, or that would give her strict in his way and when occasionally she an opportunity to speak to her cousin except had askedrpermi'sion of ' him .to attend some 1 in, the 'most casual way; to be sure she had dittle party or gathering, he had been so unsometimes said, "your charities take up a great kind and uncivil that she preferred staying at deal of your time, can't you divide, this benevobrave his displeasure or home, rather-th- an lent work with me?" To such questioning Miss risk a refusal., Hilliard would generally reply, .'0, 1 like to The governess, however," wa3 very fond of go among the poor and sick, and take notes of going out herself and as she was Miss AnnaV the way in which my .. father's affairs are chaperone ni all times, consequently would. managed; indeed I should like to see many intercede with the father until he 'would: con -- ; t years,-Darken'- : .. , 1 two-you- j e ng n . 