WOMAN'S "LET THE DEAD BURY THE DEAD' 'Tis gone,, with its joys and sorrows; Its sunshine and storms of rain: - Look not away liQhe distancell,I On relics of grief and pain; Look up, dear friends, instead: Let. the dead year bury its dead! 3- Some men and women cojne to me ' Who boldly talk of snares and strife Of business cares,' of husband, wife Though other lovs and joys, they chim - And t!k;-for this are not to blame, But cm it be they are the same? That once I rocked upjm my breast, And lulled them in iny ajins to 'rest. ' Oh, how I greive to see them go, .An.d.yet.Uaiot.it. musl.be. so May the good God who reigns above Preserve the children of iny Love, 2 m petaipoaihai J.bALWjaay gh E. ClufF, Sec. Mabel. Pratt, Ass't. Sco. Ida1 Cheevcr and TreasOttelia Measer joined the company making what is seldom seen at any meeting a complete corps of Stake officers. Here 13 Pres. Smooth special field of action, with anxious yet womanly diguity, she hears all reports; accepts suggestions and wisely attends iu n ucuiw ui UU9IUCS3 inrnumiug iu x work. The'perfect harmony of feeling,nuiary unity 01 purpose, ana loving cousiaeraiiQirtoward each other came the nearest, to our ideal of slawy " what stJtniild rvjQf nf nnvtlnnrv vn hrl vet tomi At 3 n. m. the Conference opened with a house crowded in every part, a number of brethren, among them Bishop Snell, en couraged U3 by their presence,and the exercises under the direction 01 District Pres. Argyle, were all well chosen, varied and short, and every detail of the conference prearranged with carelui lore thought and hard labor. . PLASANT PRIMARY WORK. Ah, youth has been taught stern lessons, And we of maturer years Have learned a yet keener knowledge 0fiife5 vain hopes and fears. How surely God's hand hath led! Let the dead year bury its dead, Sunday Aug. 23rd, we saw quietly laid to rest in me bpamsh 1'ork cemetery the remains laithlul and our life long, devoted friend, Skier Millie .Lewis Gay and with a resigned though sor- rowlul heart turned away from the kind and patient husband, and six children ranging in age from the wee toddler to the youthful maiuens verging into the slippery paths which too olten lead astray. Irusting them to the loving ca re of Him who doc th all things well. i,.- Tl .: i T..il Owen Rowe was an evidence of patient pains.7:-,- Latter-daySam- t, And the new-bor- n year shall find us Courageous,alert and strong; ' Girt up for the strife before us, Though sharp the trial and long. On, on, with a, firmer tread. While the dead year buries its dead. Selected. ones" for taking interest mi drilling thii occasion, they all sang with force, vim and sprightliuess, so attractive in. childish music and pleased us better than anything in our the-littl- e a ViOi jl U UHLIlUtti UUUiraWi We-ioine- all alone tonight, So thought I would a letter write; For though I know that scribbling rhyme, Is often but a waste of time; And that I think I see you smile, Yet I will thus the time beguile; ' Last night from you I had a line To say that you'd arrived orr time," And though I had but just come home I started out once more to roam, A 4 ors. 11 1 1 . i iL. .... r o n..ii ... felt eiieouniged to still press on in their up tb druggists hill work, of training the little ones in ' widely to quench their thirst at his soda water foun scattered homes. tain which wras gratefully accepted. That evening we met with the officers of the 1 hat we left' Spanish lork with a night Payson district at the home of Pres. Amy sense or true satislaction m our prohtable Hancock, who kindly entertained us. It was reunion; and on Thursday another time of re a treat to meet with those who were intimate joicing similar to the last only on a smaller with Joseph Smith and are ever ready to tesscale awaited us in bpnngville. A large of he was a that uod. audience of Prophet ity parents and children wa3 Tuesday morning at 10 o'clock the. children gathered at the meeting house; the largest and mothers made a good sized audience in attendance of mothers seen at any place. One the song by the children, "Why parents don't visit ren rendered some very creditable exercises the school," was fcungJn excellent style by the -anai Kept goodi order, ana appeareu to enjoy Jittle oneg, having been carefully trained by singing, "We are the children of the Saints," Sister II an n a h Tri el, a n d r epea ted , by Mu es t 1 the' ppanune throughout was a credit to jvhUemarehingf"Jed byieneof-the-visitin- g ladies. At noon we were entertained 4)ytheJ Teach era an it chil dfen r ' officers in the Coun. S. E. Cluft gave the children some vestry which was tastefully decorated with vines, flowers and flags, and timely advice against the growing evil of card enjoyed one of the most inviting "picnics with, playing, and at the close all visitors repaired ice cream, fruit, etc., and were sent on our way .i'rejoidug4(fS'alem,- wberwerr0 sufprisecFtcr Packard where they were waited upon by the see the house full by 3, p. m. lively officers to a tempting and substantial dinner. singing by all the children was a delightful Heie'we all parted with a hearty "God bless feature, and a well rendered programme satisyou'- - for each other. Our faith strengthened-fied us that all were persevering, energetic, in the ' II op of Israel and a fixe(djeterraina ' 1vork"efs... taLUsE the Primary tionHtcT moreTIrm-T In the evening we passed UP to Spanish cause; in all the Stakes of Zion. Fork ajd held a meeiing wi.th4he iofficers of LlLLIE "that District and gladly sought rest and , strength for the coming morrow. 7 ; Wednesday'" Aug. 26tli was an "interes ting The l.ate Mrs. Sawtelle made an excellent day for Primary people large and small, in 1 Spanish Fork; at 0 a. m. the officers, from lawjerotwithstanding the fact that only a all parts of the Stake, met in the few years ago many people said to was an tjsiat no. woman could make a good lawyer. assembly meeting house; this onOtrf and thankful of, for; excepting Probably the majority of women cannot make two, every association was represented from good lawyers. Neither can the majority of the Lake shore to the canoo heightat Mill men. Boston- Globe. " 1 I -- 1 ' , -- Paysbreetmg? Ul 1 " - " 1 - .:, -- -- V -l . XIJgjjowrar..Tr 4. IJI t'LLII V . i ' Helen and children all were well. I found them w ell and busy too; Preparing things to come to you; The little children round me came, I almost thought ihey were the same That once had nestled on my knee, So sweet, and full of love for me. Ob. foolish heart! How vain the thought, (Though for a moment! soon 'twas naught) That time had stopped .upon his track And given me my children back; For it was but the other day mat jruu wcic smau a.uu yuuuy its uiey;Ij. J uv. w 110.1 a my Xti iui iiiuj iuui Nor thought too many I had got, Though wearied oft with cares and noise I loved you well! My girls and boys; : When they- wercsick Oh how I wept, . And watched and prayed while others slept And held their heads, and soothed their pain And then when they would smile again, VVould not For I had still my boys and girls; " "c From two loved ones I had to part, Arid lay them by with breaking heart, , And though I shed most bitter tears. YeL wisdom jcometlx-witli-the- y ea from strife free And now I know they're And life's turmoil with sorrow rife; . And though they left me at life's dawn, Yet in the Resurrection Morn; -- I shall again receive with: joy, "AncTwelcbme bick, my girl and boy. But where are all the others gone? . I see, them all at night or morn? No more they prattle at my knee, No more their little plays I see, And thus. I find now years have flown,, That I am left almost alone; For though 'tis true I sometimes see Ci - all-visit- I am sitting V delivered, delifrhtp.fi us. as did mnnh that have not space to mention, and the benedic tion was pronounced bv a little bov about b years of age, and could be distinctly heard by dSisters Anua K. "Smbot and the congregation. ' Eliza Taylor, of the Stake Presidency of the At noon the cood people of Spanish Fork. C Ai. V TT.1' ana more firmly established their reputation for xuiuniy xs3ucianoHoi iuo uiaii cuiKe traveled on to Santaquin where a meeting of hospitality by entertaining A the children awaited us at 1Q o clock on Mondinner served the in being umptuous dancing day morning. A house full of parents and hall. The long tables groaned under the children was a cheering sight; the exercises weight of the good things of the earth so shert, heeifl,ul, :and suitable for children, were lavishly spread, and temptingly served by well rendered to the credit of Pres. Wall and pretty audr Primary girls, in airy white dresses Counselors. v:f lffYfr. in .fitriM vfitifitr isifii 1.... nnr a h 11 v i' 11 r4 ciiurui 10 uio nour wun sweei sirains irom voice Lake and Villa, lately organized Spring doing and piano. Beautiful (lowers gladdened the eye; creditable work, considering all things under and altogether it was a scene long to be re- . . , x 1 T:,.. DEAR SON SEYMOUR. Coun. Sarah organization. Where tears and partings are no more. Where freed from life's vain cares and noise, I there may find my girls and boys ' Viiuw C. Young. February 28, 1891. i- . - x . - - . . . ' - well-meanin- . g be-prou- " - - Fork, where the Primary is the only living y What if our pride has suffere'd? - What if the hour of need Has shown that the friend'we trusted Was worse than a broken reed? our hearts ha ve bled: f Let the dead year bury its dead. Let us count the abundant mercies Our one great Friend has sent; The days of our light and darkness All gifts of one sweet intent. No matter the tears we shed: Let the dead year bury its dead. Xook-upr4hou- EXPONENT, . . 