WOMAN'S EXPONENT. THE TRAINING OF A NURSE. BY MARY CADWALADER 30 most important of all the schools, as it nurses five different hospitals Charity and Maternity on Blackwells Island, the Infant's JONES. gained by choosing a good suprintendent, and then leaving her free to select her own nurses, without fear or favor, from those who present themselves, as she must train discipline, and live with them for two years, and has therefore every reason to take only those who are likely to do her credit. Apart from articles in professional journals, much that has been written about hospital life Is apt to strike one familar with it as somewhat vague and sentimental, and there may there- fore become interest in the following sketches by pupils now in the New York City Training The first gives a general outline of Hospital on Randall's Island, Gouverneur at uouverneur blip, aud Harlem, at the foot of .bast 120th Street, he two last being accident or emergency hospitals, while at Charity the cases are largely chronic. Besides the pupils . of the school, there are thirty-twpermanent trained nurses at Caarity and Randall's Island, making nearly a hundred in all, for whom the superintendent is diiectly responsible and over whom she has full authority. The other schools in the city are supported from the funds of the hospitals which they nurse. , I have said that nursing is a trade or pro- ine worK. (To be continued-- ) fession, for it is really both being a trade, in that.it exacts manual skill and dexterity, and a profession because it requires mental ability, WIMODAUGHSIS CLUB HOUSE. and judgment progressive knowledge. The is therefore Our beloved Wimodaughsis has secured .by at oncraWGrkshofTaWT hospital college, with this essential difference, however, fiuiuuase a most, uesiraoie nouse, oeing lozo that its scholars exist because it has need of I St.N. W. This house-i- s a comparatively them, not they of it. So much talk has been new, press brick front, containing fifteen rooms. made about nursing, as a noble "vocation" nr,A flinv W foot It hftS SI frnntncrfl v' w fuv o nf tViirtv j that it is easy to lose sight of the -- fact that runs back one hundred, and thirty-fou- r feet to a wide alley, which gives ample opportunity "hospital training schools are run first of all because hospital patients must be taken care for additional buildings. . The location is parof. When Florence Nightiugale led her ticularly desirable, as it fronts on -little bandf workers out it was Square which is one of the most beautiful of not in order that women should have a new the many parks in the city. Tt and the vocation, but because men were dying like Lafayette Park are said to contain the greatest flies in the hospitals - at Scutari, and the varieties of trees and plants of any parks in uk . nru - ....... 1860. . ; women who started the- Bellevue School did wo nuiiu.. lUB oireei. is quieti aimi reureu,i Accounts of this great reform, which spread so because they found the hospital could be and yet is near all the car lines and prinjt in England from year to year, reached this well nursed in no other way. cipal hotels. The Board feels very much enIn most of the schoolsthe nurses receive couraged at having secured so excellent a country more or less vaguely, Jbntjvere without result until, in 1872, the men and women each $10 a month during the first year of place, and have every confidence that the to of that branch the State Charities their service, and $15 the second, and at the friends cf the enterprise which has been so belonging Aid Association which visited the sick in present time there .is soniJ discussion as to fllllvJ PXTllainpd will I ' - In fcv " vniir n1iimu l ujug n ill rollv J tr Bellevue Hospital felt that they could not do whether they should be paid at all, or should aid in making payments as they mature. There is also need ot many gilts to'turnish the hbu sef any good or lasting work until the existing gi ve. their, times in retu rn for 1 h i r professional ;ystenirtirmiifl)f system7shl3iTd" Be'entirely training, as the house physicians do.ir This and buildup the library. It is especially de changed. The nurses were too few in number, seems reasonable enough to an outsider, but in sired that this should be a woman's library, in wini'.fi i.iiHir w r N nn wnr ra mar rn tn w nearly all illiterate, some imnYora'l, and others ' the first place much of a nurse?szyorJCili)EA -" r sought-theiltemperat-ndii- ad routine kind, repeated, far oftener than is recorded and represented. Articles that have places simply as a means of livelihood, and not because .necessary for - her education, and such as a belonged to prominent women, and their they had any aptitude for,or knowledge of their doctor is rarely called upon to do, and in the portraits and autographs will be specially . ! J i . ! The members of the Bellevue second the most desirable pupils are those nrnlnrxmn. profession. Association therefore applied to the Comwho could be outside the schools whe're tbpf can be properly cared for. An missioners of Charities and Correction for and will not be a burden on their families while appeal will soon be sent- - out, and if it fails to permission to establish' a school for nurses at .in them. In this country there is a large class reaeh anv nnp. .whn intprfforl it la Knnrl Bellevue Hospital, pledging themselves to pay of conscientious and industrious women whose she will not delay on that account, but send the additional salaries and all other expenses education and early associations lead them to whatever she feels the ability and inclination of abetter class of women and to put two look for some higher and more thoughtful to irive. more nurses in each ward. The consent of labor than household service or work in shops, Cordially yours, the Medical Board of thev hospital, to whom who have received the good education of our Ejima M. Gillett. Wnmnn TriJmno the Commissioners refered this appeal, having common schools, and who are dependent on their own exertions for support. These women finally been given to what many - physicians considered a doubtful experiment,the Bellevue Lean be trained to make the best poosible nurses. .: XT : ' e a". rP J 1a. ti PERSONALS. xxaimug ocuoui lor curses was sianeu on ana it is the unanimous opinion or the superin tendents of the large schools that it would bej May 1,1 873, with a superintendent and five Di Vernon ha3 ju3t written an article on false economy to seek to deprive such pupils of. nursesrhayingirve wards under their care. 4Sea-sidresorts of Californiafor the AmeriIn 1 890 the school had 62 pupils and -has the small salary which now keeps them inder n 1 t i i Press can Association. graduated 340, while as a direct outgrowth ot pendent duriifg t wo years of very hard .work. We will suppose that a woman of this kind that modest beginning there are three other Mrs. S. T. D. Evelyn has an article in the - These are has decided in schools alone. York the New to one of go into, great large schools, August number of the Chicago Woman's Jour-- . ' -- the.New York City, which has 64 pupils and and has applied to the superintendent for infor . mtourVomm . IIoTIday i i ing." rr u3 grauuaieu ;:oo;,ine new x ors. xiospitai, mation. She receives in return a circular Mrs. Gertrude Franklin Atherton has 48 pupils and 132 graduates: and Mount giving the rules, requirements and course of m written ca T' C:: iL uu study; and in due time finds herself with other Time.".--- a new novel' entitled "A Question of grauuauss. xuere vjiiiai.wiiu pupils aimj are also smaller schools in the city, but, great candidates waiting for examination in the ' II ' or small, ceiievue must ai her tunr com esf -- Di Vernon wrote an article in the Pacific waysJe. Honored as- - superintenden t'u offiee the pioneer. Her graduates are at the head and if her credentials are satisfactory, the Rural Press on "How I built. a greenhouse' of most of the important schools and hospitals superintendent usually talks to her a little while (Aug.l5th). ; in the country, and have even gone so far in order to find out what grade of- nuise she is Louise Ban ci had an a rticle in the Pacific afield as England, Italy, and China, r Tt.:'..t .rr likely to make ; for candidates are admitted xr.'. 1 r,i on v 1 ase com rws in I he next school to-- be established was the only on their ofn merits, andTwh ere there are j utim fruit.Aug. - otn " r 7 canning iNew x prk City, which was started by the more applicants than vacancies it is important Mrs. R. F. En.Hsh of the W. P. A. has Commissioner of Charities and Correction in to secure the best. A short examination in been appointed to take charge of the trainin 1877, and is entirely supported by the City. spelling, dictation, and simple arithmetic school-iconnection with the Normal School Until last year it was known as the Charity follows, and also in reading aloud, but .this is -an at Jo se. Hospital School, because it began there, but often past over if a candidate is evidently too as it grew its work spread until the old name nervous to do herself justice. Mrs Barbara Ruell has discovered a fine was misleading and had to be changed. It is Various experiments have been tried as to Bay-SaQuarry on her property at Los now the largest and in some respects the .Examining Boards, but the best result is always Guiiicos. Within the memory of most of us nearly every family boasts some member who was said to be a "born nurse," who came to the fore in time of sickness, and whose labor of love was sometimes shared by a paid outsider, usually a motherly body supposed to have a great deal of experience. But that time, is past, and now no one, who can afford nurse thinks of taking a patient through an illness without one, any more. than a captain, willingly takes his ship through a y dangerous channel without & pilot. Th is means that a new trade or profession ha3 been created for women, and it may be ,told once more that they owe ft to one of the noblest women of her time. At the close of the CrimeaQ.War.ihe passionate gratitude of the English people to Florence Nightingale found expression in a great public meeting, at which fifty jthousand pounds was subscribed as a testimonial to her. She. refused, however, to take it fori herself, and at ber request it was devoted to a foundation which was quaintly termed "An Institution for the Training, Sustenance, and Protection of Nurse3 and Hospital Attendants," in connection with St. Thomas's Hospital, London; and thus the first English training school for nurses was started in" June, o ' . . -- f-- -England- -- ? - . - 1 111 -- -- -- : self-supporti- -- .. tLl xiJ - I ' e '. 1 i a - - . . - . ; 1 : tr . m ill -- 1 1 TT 1 ' . 1 1 - 4 " - . 1 -- - n I lt -- v -- i7. ' 