? ) Jf I if'g W 01 e - . f Kon, ihe Womn Vol. 19. ' . U. V A National Temple Rcminiscences- -u ui vvonica.-L,Auiu uieraiure MrL, rayner ior THOUGHTS AND MEMORIES OF Women of alUYaUons. Mem'ry is busy in her haunted bow'r, Clad with bright thoughts the senses to beguile; So softly falls the touch of passing hour, That dreamy fancies linger near the while. tionHelen L. Webster. The Wimodaughsis women. invented Notes and News.- Property, by hear soft voices murmur'ng low and sweet; ' " iJLfeeUhMouch. .ol gentle hands again; And in the shadow of some lone retreat, I e'en forget I ever suffer'd pain. I - liirthday of Ingham Young-- Y. M. M. I. A. Meeting and Fair. Editorial Notes. Miss Willard's Defense. Transactions of the National Council of Women. Poetry: Peace A. Furber. Lucky Days Harriet rrescou oponora. I nougnts and Memo ries of a bummer Hour E. B. W. The Mystic Be J Ada Stanley. Hast Thou Been Tempted . - . ... . Where perfect love will reign, devoid of fear. There seems a rapture in the summer breeze, Borne from some region ever bright and fair; -- How lovingly it plays amid the trees, ' Breathing "enchantment in the azure air."' PEACE. were how small; how good we felt, how . encou raged , by" her .comforting nord; we received new strength and fortitude, more ambition, feeling really that we were doing some, Tears fall and mingle with the pearly dew, And fiow'rs spring up afresh where all was drear; And somthing whispers of a life more true, w. nun. No. 23. dear sisters to glean and bring the fruit3 of jheir labors to help tlia poor, and comfortjho aickjmiiilyiBgSometraYelle4-railes-t- o over their district, wading through mud and mire, day after day; 'and they were blessed in deed. It was one of the first Societies organized and in a very scattered condition. ..Only the eighth meeting how feeble we j r:ij AaaMeneaHomeE A SUMMER HOUR. Royalty . -- . . ... ii at Work. Longfellow's Evangeline. Miscellaneous, innaay anniversary, a Utah K. S. Report. VV. S. A. Girl in LondonLib. Woman's Progress in Higher EducaReports. Editorial:- anrilhe Rights of the SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JUNE 1,1891. . -- N rk along; soothing, the-si- ck thing to help and afflicted, relieving the wants of the poor, helping to carry the burdens of the weary, aud heavy laden, comforting those who mourn, aud endeavoring to reclaim the wayward, and walk in the straight and narrow way that leadeth to Eternall ife; this is the kind of work , that brings joy and consolation to the soul. in.1 remember well the Nauvoo, held in Brother Joseph's store situated on Water street, on the banks of the Mississippi river, on several particular occasions; Brother HyriimV Brick office also, a little, further up on the bank of the river where we used to go to school, and a great many other things come to our minds when we refer to long ago; scenes and trials the sainta of God have parsed through, since the beginning up to the present time, pass before the " mind like: a vision and cause us to reflect seriously, and our hearts fill witb gratitude to pur.neavnlyEathQrlliatJIe baa bioughtua out Jrom uaDyion mac we may noi De 'of her gore afflictions; that we may have a chance by obedifince ing the commandments, and not going hand in hand with the world, but living near unto Him to prepare ourselves for something bet' -. ter. v; the-wo- -R- 0 memory of the years now past away. Buried and dead, but living still in thought; Nature .was ..then as prescient as to day, And her conceptions were as grandly wrought. God giye you peace! your life will have its longings, I would not ask they be less keen and deep; The soul that firmly stands upon the mountains Must know the footing of the pathway steep; It must have trod the valleys dim and low r r And tented where the streams of silence flow. Eearth rob'd herself as queenly then, as now, And summer mantled hill, and field, and plain, And garlanded with fiow'rs her biushigg brow, And wreath'd her sceptre with the golden grain. ; For you no blank content of heart or brain - ' ;I crave, but I would have. , yur friend, to drain The cup of all wide living, feed and grow Full rich in wealth of feeling, have you know ...The strength .of strong desire, and bravely face The close temptations of our struggling race. I would not spare you strife and weariness, KotJbeg thai powers if darknessnever press A near your feet; yet ever do I pray .,Thfert"otGodi..witii youail the way - - 1 Furber. A. Jn4he weird rustle of the falling leaves, " " There is a sadness touching to the heart, For summer her depa Yet nobly doth she with her treasures part. When May with apple blossoms Her loving-cu- p is brewing, With beams and dews and winds that get The honey from the violet, With hopes on which the heart is set, Oh, then's the time for wooing, - For wooing, and for Suing," Dear lad the time for wooing! " When August callsThe locust To sound the year's undoing, And like some altar dresed of old , In drapery of cloth and gold, High pastures thick with broom unfold,. Oh, then's the time for wooing For wooing, and for suing, L Dear lad, the time for wooing! When brown October pauses, The ripened woodland viewing. And all the sunny forests spread Their fallen leaves, as heart's blood red, A carpet fit for brides to tread, 7 . Oh, then's the time for wooing, for wooing, and for suing, Dear lad the time for wooing! ; . " 1 - IZlzzrrOh, listen; happy lover, Vour happy fate pursuing: When fields are green, when woods are sere, When storms are white, when stars are clear. On each sweet of each sweet day year, Oh, thea's the time for wooing, 22 V ear hi J I? ?J jnj e Jot wooing!,: .. 1 a d. p. A NATIONAL TEMPLE FOR WOMEN. Where fancy's magic wand can recreate. And live again the happy seasons p'er, Food for the mjnd, 'gainst bitter, adverse fate, Harvest of thoughts to gladden evermore. During the early part of the session Monday evening the exercises were pleasantly varied by the presentation from the National Chautauqua Association of a gift of land for "the erection of a temple, at Glen; echo, for the future meeting "the "CfeWciI7'"TheIftso" included the granite of which the temple is to be built. The deed was" read by Mr. L. D. F. Jennings. The gift was accepted by, the president. Miss Willard and by ther treasurer, Mrs. tEat th e frJfeii'iscfidmT" Women's National Council had secured an act of incorporation in the District of Columbia mmm uipuivcr ,vuu: Buy other gifts that wight.be made to the Asso ciation.. tf REMINISCENCES. L a Jew lines for jrour paper, if you think thein worth your notice o:..,- onih in vnnr Inst. Etposevt brings to mind many recollections, and par ticularly ot that occasion .lHera-T- fi 11,. HnnhT rpmpmhpr rpmam in that place, will, no we had at W1U1 pleasure the enjoyable time that meetinc: Over twenty years have passed begince then, and many dear ones have gone hind the vail; among the number is Sister Eliza X. Snow; and although her mortal body slumbers in the silent grave, her noble worlcs still live to her honor and praise. reached Sugar House Ward, at that time, and took in what is a3 far as the first Ward Fatmlr Ward ) llso in the opposite direct tion a good distance past the penitentiary; 'TwiwheTdesirlT' and eSbr ts of our ' t i. ....... 1 . .ati.v . - 1 . t 1 r j i 1 'Uat.the idea embodied in this Chau- .. auqua Assoc.aUon aud ita relat.ou A -- woman's mind is the idea of conceived it and a woman's heart moved , the she, , to-wome- n -- nation to the Council. I would like" to tell you what Clara Barton said of the woman who first thought of this." Mrs. Thomas then read the following extract from an article written by Clara Barton: T untiring rs . And is there in our hearts no sad regret, No mem'ries of the last year's falling leaves? Shall we the sweetness of the past forget? Or glean, and garner it in mem'ry's sheaves, 1 z . Repeating o'er and o'er the sad refrain. BY HARRIET FRESCO TT SPOFFORD. - -- per-take- She sighs her requiem to the passing breeze; All natuae joins her in the mournful strain; A thousand echoes whisper in the trees, . LUCKY DAYS. - . other summers have in glory woke, , :... ,v,.,t: And sunshine: flooded, natdre with j.ts kissi,..., But time's relentless hand the has broke, i spell Though earth were in an ecstacy of bliss. Yes, - 7 elief-meetings sion of the New - Orleans Exposition, where , f fis t enaeavor . janguisnea, nope 