118 and manner that will lead them unto.eterual lives. For many are the snares that arc set for our young people, and many should be the prayers that they may be able to resist them. . M. E. H. . Nov. 24th, 1893. v vancedage. prised her. That is the wish of those who :-:-:- :y y HunTsvillejWeber Co. : 1 ."-.,'- . The S.' L. Co. W. S. A. met as per adjourn. ment in the 14th Ward Relief Society Hall at 2 p; m:, Tuesday Jan. 20, 1891. Pres. . Elizabeth Howard in the chair; prayer by the chaplain, Marja W. Wilcox, minutes ofprevi-ou- s meeting read by the secretary, names of sur1$. . . . ITEMS FROM IIUNTSVILLEr Editor Exponent: As the New Tear has come we thought it wise to report ourselves inroognyoHrpapeir wrnna that we are living in the tops of the mountains; secluded from the civilization as you have it in 5alt Lake Uty. we are right in the oeauinui, snow claclhills, where, heal th.nnd bl qo tiLadorn the faces of old and young, which blessing we are thankful for. . cailal-tllini Ilail y victims from among us causing much sorrow but God in His mercy stayed His hand, and we are again having jovial times. The holidays have been well spent; parties pretty well conducted under the auspices of the Young Men's Improvement Association which is a good and successful organization. Our Relief Society is i,i good working order; the poor are well cared for. Young Ladies' Association, doing excellent work -- in the way of improvement; the Primary also is progressing fine. When we .look upon our - 1nvrlv luMrn w Wish nm niir mtf e!l friends could see them, they neither look hungry or ilNclad ; if they would look after their own poor it would be a blessing for many of. them. Our Society is gathering all the wheat they can, and taking good care of it, according to President Young's Counsel. Wishing your subscribers for the Exponent and all a Happy New Year, we are' your sisters in the faith of the Gospel members presented and voted upon; accepted unanimously.r 11 Pres.- - Howard supposed mat were familiar with the object of .the meeting;, women had for years been held back; we live in a day of advancement. She had the privilege A I: U Minutes of special- - meeting of ' Suit Lake County Woman's Suffrage .Association, held" in the 14th JY"ard Belief Society Hall, Jan.. 13, 1891. Mrs. S. M. Kimball, presiding; the Lmma Fihchr corresponding sccrctary,r ce wa3 called to act as secretar.Mr3. Elizabeth-Priwas appointed chaplain. Mrs. Kimball spoke of the nature of &the organization and the principles underlying the subject of vote for good men to fill official positions whether they were Republicans or Democrats. Mrs. E. S. Richards was then called upon and said she was a suffragist at heart, sug r Association. From this time on our regular meeting will be held on the third Tuesday in . ; - - GCW.SA. SALT LAKE . "the eoiiaUtuhQUan3I for the benefit 01 those present, and said she felt interested in the work, not only IgteJmHa readmglof 1 ent au-pres- At C i 1, rvf V In 3 a public gatherings, and had advised thera to suf-frag- c. . m.. . . h TlrmoinhTthirptaco-DfmTetingii- nated in the ca?fTssued: AsMrs. Phoebe "Y. Beattie has been elected aa our delegate to ntirif lulf dr fill U'fimPTl whf represent us in Washington, it ha3 been proin l(r nwn posed that we sustain her by our prayers. were heads of families. If we educate . our Spoke' at .some length upon the subject of selves, we will then be companionable with bribery. our husbands and sons. Mrs. Beattie thanked the sisters cordially felt Jlrs. liellio R.lWobber said she interested in the work, and also felt that the study of for the honor conferred in nominating her to bo an 8 u eh a. responsible position; it would polite would broaden the ideas of women. entire new experience, and the would need all Wyoming had stepped forward in this direc11 the support tne iauie3 couiu give ner. tion and she brieve 1 great good would result. in Mrs. Margaret Mitchell Mrs. Elizabeth Howard believed the time would coins when the franchise would be given sutlrage, thought we were beginning to reap the results of our labors in this work; it would to . women; asked for instructions on some . 1 ue- a- goou piuu 10 Iuaveu uumumice iw gei up points. Mr?. S M. Kimball nominated Mrs. Phoebe subjects to be presented before tho meeting. Beattie as delegate to Washington, from Salt '1'hought women were qualified to take "many Lake Co. W. S. A. Stated that the member' positions heretofore occupied by men; a prominent man had said to her that women had ship fee was fitly cents, also that the names wero to be sent to Washington, and a fee of proved themselves honest in their work. One ten cents to accompany each name. The woman that had been taken into the Govern- " , , ... !. ,11. ikon ...ll.. meeting; was then given into the hands ofMrs fii Tracy, pres. Elizabeth Howard, Pres. S. L. County W. S. employed there, had just half the. pay and it Emma Burrows, Secy. would always be so until women had a voice A., and Mrs. Kimball was excused; suggesti in ivilrinrf iha wa ed that the National Constitution be a subject-o- f A poem by Mrs. Emily II. Woodmansee study, also Robert's Ilules of Order. A GENTLE SURPRISE, Mr3. Margaret Mitchell said she felt inter was read by A If&C. I. Kirby, who also niade, -shou I omeremarks u jwn -- thesubjeet-of jps t gtl ui t lij9.3Y 0 ck, an d thoughL-alsufTrager-"" "A :fewsistercgat1iered be active in making the Association a success; and related some of her own experiences when Josiab H. Perry's,Nov. 7,1890, to celebrate the felt the time would como when we would do abroad in the world. 70th, birthday of his wife, Lucinda "Eliza Perry, more good to each other on a broader platform Mrs. Lillie T. Freeze made what she called than we had done in the past. her infant speech, as she had never spoken born at Springville, Pennsylvania. Her parents Mrs. Lucy A. Clark of Farmington, stated upon the subject before; related an instance joined the Church in the early settlements of the that the W. S. A, at Farmington, had held which took place in her childhood, in which Saints in Kirtland, Geaugua Co. (Now Lake Co.) meetings with the gentlemen once a week and she considered herself outraged; had noticed Lucinda Ohio. joined the church at the age of had had very interesting times; formed themthat it wa3 the most intelligent people who the same at time nine years, Eliza Partridge was selves into a branch of the Legislature and had advocated universal sufirage, good moves Calvin had passed a bill through, and had learned slowly; women themselves are not awake to Beebe, near Kirtland. The baptized by more than if they had been studying alone; the importance of the day Lucinda was eleven years old she was driven subject; she then" gave the with the family from Jackson Co.,Mo.,nnd traveled a of some happy illustrations of her position on the reading suggested pamphlet entitled: :r " barefooted on the burnt prairie. Her father was "Freedom's Coixjuest." Hoped we would proquestion. Mrs. S. M. Kimball explained some matters gress and use the franchise well when we whipped the same night the Flulets and Lyman .Leon.ird.were dxivea-fi om4 liestaieftd-ettle- tl WTefererierto a'iatge membersliip, and Mis. in Nauvoojlll. She has been driven with the iogV success. if.Y. Dougsil gave some of the pointsmen ' Mrs. M. Y. Dougali felt and Saints, through all the mobbings. When the nitejv. encouraged, knew we were becoming better educated in the or me arm Mrs. Janet Morris endorsed what had been took l'alnarch rropnet mariyraom all had work,as sustained Mis. said by the former sneakers: 'and made the Reattje as deleplace she was near by. she heard the guns that it would work on gate, the did the hellish deed. Sister Lucinda often speaks require part oftilt remark that if that was Mrs. Freeze first to send lier to . i otunn!, dic .wuuin IT! to Leanied .. more Washington, of the circumstances with a heart full of 'tender. near ner last. 'uiUf ui;e while in Washington thau she could learn bv Mrs. M. E, Irvine was a born suffragist, and ness, the recollection can never bs forgotten, it of and study makes a great impression on those who listen to years reading, and felt thai honored the women who had stood iorward women could and should stand side by side amidst her when she speaks of the divine mission of persecution in defense of those priacV. wiihman. The of the politics would be Smith the his"noble tlay cliaraclen Joseph prophet.and pies; thought there s She knew him personally and testifies that he was purified, by -- women they were allowed the ing cut a programme. franchise. We should pray for the delegates a man of God. Airs. S. M. Kimbali was pleased with the sustain them in every way we couUL She was married to josi ah H. Perry, Nov. 30UV interest manifested, liked the idea of some Mrs. E; S.- Richards then read of the practical plan for study, 1845,rreceiveTher endowments in the Nauvoo parts thought a mock legisxNitional American Constitution, and in in arrived Salt Lake City, 1S56; explain. lation as had been suffeatetl was nrettv eood, Temple 1S46, settled in Iluntsville, Weber Co ; is the mother but she would like a city council to become ?r hiPp made a few remarks, of nine children. We felt to congratulate Sister acquainted with municipal affairs first. Sugwnicn were lollowed bv $u f Croat irtna Trrv.v. Hf- her health 1errvoa and appearance and rHr-Gfoesbrek that we should drop the title of Mrs., -g0 amHI rsrPhceberynTeaufe gested wished her many happy, returns of the day ; while be and plain Elizabeth Howard, &c., the meeting adjourned until the third life shall be a blessing to her, with her Tuesday Dr.. j Maggie C Shipp felt anxious as one aged h usbacd; and we hope, her c h i Id re of the Executive Committee,-to- . keep up the trra ay bea Hll..". nardReliefboeiety firm in the testimony of truth at the same ad- meetings and not let the interest die out. E. Fixcir, Secretary, teu, Related a little of her own experience in get- - ; pro by-law- s, -' . . ..1IT 1 . was-interes- . ted - L- 1 1 .' L 1 X- 1 s K...,.rr.:r.... .... 1 --jj- ' 1 l , - - . T - .. 1 1 1 1 -- . r- -A- , t . . 