WOMAN'S EXPONENT 184 made and improvements is five dollars a share and is full paid. E. M. The stock begun. non-assessab- I I Gillett, Treasu rcr. - ' -- The Philadelphia branch of the Association of Collegiate Alumnae recently discussed the culture. In regard to op- subject of physical . t i portunmes ior teacners oi pnysicai cuuure it, was authoritatively said that among public schools there is a email but growing demand for. teachers with.speciarphysical training; for higher institutions and private gymnasiums there is a demand for skilled teachers greater than the supply. High salaries are offered, and the opportunity for original and successful work is great. . INVENTED BY WOMEN. Without-Mbcural-Nisalthe-iPorld-'wo- uId. the-fourt- - first introduced to the world the permanent magnet as a motive power. Mks IJetscj Metcalf made, in 1798, the first straw hat ever manufactured in this country The invention of the first submarine - teles It is the "sWmduuting B. Matiiery.of. New-Yor- k. cope was mada m akes Harriet Ha?mer bv-JSar- - v . never have had Cashmere shawl. Yao, the wife of Emperor of Chiua, bears the honor of having invented spin ning 1 and' le for dolls and.. playthings. A machine in ... the f 1 , l doll causes it to move lis nanu auu wrue neat little letters on a slate or on paper. Whole sentences can be written, to the great amuse ment of. children. . ah 7 --- -----t" The exquisite perfumery called "A tyr of Roses' was the .'product of Mheural Niaa's in- A patent mower and reaper was invented by Elizabeth Smith, an enterprising woman of ' New Jersey. is thought by the Chiueese to have discovered silk, and is called: "The goddess of Pasaphile was a woman of Cos and the in- veil tress "of silken gauze, her fabric' being known as "woven mnd." Chicago News. . hi silk-worms- ." ; . bene vol ence, KATE- - WELLS, 'One door north of Z. C. M. I. Mondays, Wednesdays o'nd Fridays. 9 a m. to 1 p m. 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. photographs Colored &, e'nlarged. Mrs. M. IsalllaHorne,Pre8t. Mrs. Mattle CO-OPERATI- up FANCY ARTICLES, DRESS MAKING for VE MERCANTILE Naiebitt-Thomaa,S- DRESS GOODS, WOMAN'S Ladies & Children, DRESS GOODS and and TRIMMINGS, BURIAL SUITS. MANUFACTURING 123 E: 1st SOOTH INSTITUTION. Opp.Clty Hall.Salt Lai ( ntj MOMAS andadmbnitionor the"LoFd. ThewnfeFls years old and during all those of her "early life has not recalled one years single instance of pleasure that has not been imbued with most bitter feelings, hence the truthfulness of this poem deeply expressed and felt in regard to home. It Is useless to dwell upon the disadvantage of an unpleasant home. Suffice it to say however that children brought up in a careful and painstaking way will eventually make better men" and women, and therefore have, unbounded respect for father and mother and a stay in their declining now to-1- forty-on- - -- - of forty lectiiresln of temperance and woman suffrage. She has everywhere delighted her audiences. theo-.- . Madame Blavatsky, the sophist of London, died in that city May 9. agel sixty years. Her body was cremated at well-know- n V Grace Greenwood about to leave New Y ork and make Wash She is ington her permanent residence. afflicted with a cataract which causes partial blindness, only to be relieved by an opera-tio- n. " The onlf woman on record who was the mother of a Governor, the wife of a Governor, the, sister of a Governor, the niece of a Governor and the aunt of a (governor was Mrs- Richard Manning of South Carolina. ! . 26728, 30 and 32 East 1st South St" e . , MSS -- and gives back looking-glas- s presided at the Woman Suffrage Festival in Music Hall last Wednesday evening, from 5 0 p. ra. Miss Bessie H. Thomas, of Philadelphia recently took the first prize at the Academy of Fine Arts in that city. She won it over both years.--"-;:- ----women and mqn students. : How sad and how bleak, wereJhe scenes of my Mrs. Elizabeth M. Yates has made a tour .JLlow. desolate and lonely, the days now ". t: behooves all parents to set a good example, before, the . children - entrusted - in their care, and to raise them up in the nurture D. Long - r. For herrra5band2ndhcr-children-we-)ffer--ancarnesprayer and extend heartfelt sympathy.and we say to them be comforted, and prove worthy to join her in the kingdom ' of God's glory. Matilda Peterson Pres. of R. S. Redmond. It the YdrIdYl?aiivT ::; step-mothe- THE SADDENED HOME : V.:.' ht Irving. : Anthony addressed the New England Woman Suffrage Association, in Tremont Temple, Monday evening May 25. .Working.--- co-lador- er publ- Miss Susan 15. Hon. John e ver-- sh i n i ug to every man the expression of his own face. Frown at it and it will in turn look sourly upon you; laugh at it and with it and it is a jolly, kind companion; and so let all young persons take choice.- - Thackeray. said to V''a"n'nrsrPaliiief'are be interested in the movement to have a childiu i -- The world is a Mrs. Frank Leslie sailed for Southampton, May 5, on the North German Lloyd steamship ren's department - eu premeand TP. Norway, Maine, claims to have the first r woman road surveyor. Jenny Lind's memoirs have just been 'heroesrZ 1 a- NOTES AND NEWS. ished in London of difficulties that 7ZtLZ A wise and good man will turn examples of all sorts to his own advantage. The good he will make his patterns, and strive to equal or excel them. The bad he will by all means avoid. Thomas A. Kempis. Surely happiness is reflective, like the light of heaven; and every countenance bright with smiles, and glowing with innocent enjoyment, is a mirror transmitting to others the rays of Utah, departed this life March i8th, 1891 and inasmuch in the Relief as she wasa teacher, and a faithful Society we as sisters feel that we owe to the memory of our departed sister, that we should give expression to the feelings of our hearts concerning some of the good works of her life. Sister Christenson was forty-eigyears of seven and husband five a of them she leaves children, age; She was a kind, patient to whom she was a wife and mother, and a true Latter day Saint, and-- will be greatly missed in the family circle, as well as in the Relief Society. She nobly filled her mission, and no doubt has gone to that heavenly region, where there is no sorrow and where friends never part,j , As oft I have roamed through the beautiful wildwood To reflect upon sorrows deeply anchored and cast. Our pleasures and comforts were ever so rarely, The bleak winds of winter encompassed our home, The sunshine of happiness would - gleam through but sparely And glimmering but faintly would fade and Ketone. : Our home was incumbered with sickness and anguish J7Whereros.had: thorns thaFwould plerce tcrthe soul And blending with harshness seemed never to languish; The memory of childhood reflects on the whole. : To only obliterate the sadness and sorrow, From earliest childhood and youth that is " gone;' To only remember is only to sorrowy To torture the soul in remembrance of home. Eldorado, Utah. A. C. Gillam, . The Leading Retail , Gash; House .KTHOMA! childhood long-pasfe- Ella SALT LAKE CITY. Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S bofouM :JSiU ". pidactIons lllatfiststylestnd in " . LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES -- And an elegant Afiortiaenf 0 JDl&Hr GOODS; Special department for LadieF Misses' and I Shoes. '. - t's T 112. 114, 116, 118 East Tewple Str A Friendly Gentile. ...... TINNERS CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS - The greatest novelty in dolls has been invented in Nuremberg, the great German towa -- INMEMORIAM. Sister Christiana Cbnsfenson ef J?edraond, Sevier Co Agent for IIUMSEY'S celebrated UFTand FOIU K PUMPS. Tumps Kepaired on short notice. Orders rroi. ibe corntry promptly responded to. - 