WOMAN'S" EXPONENT. THE MYSTIC BED. ' of the greatest misforj and mat you alone feel of your dear companion with greater sorrow than "we can. We therefore pray that God, our Father, The chamber is low and dark and deep, W he re many a one goeth down to sleep; And the plot who openeth the entrance-door- , Closeth it never to open more; And the occupant drest in a robe of white, Looketh ne'er again on the morning light. the : The bed'is so narrow and hard and cold. 'The pillow is covered with damplTnd mold; And frozen mist in the clear starlight, "Are the sheets so thin and strangely white, And the counterpane rests, with a heavy fold. On the sleeper there, so still and cold. No window to let in the sweet moonlight, To shine on the face so calm and white, Or nestle like pearls, in the golden hair, lieth a rose "all withered there. Not even the fragrant breath of the flowers Can enter therein on the moniing hours."7: , los3 to the Zoological gardens to see the animals. They have every kind of animal there from the white Polar Bear to. the crocodiles and snakes of South America Mabel and Alfred had a ride on the elephant. The next day that is yesterday, we went to Kew Gardens, theyarexquisitely lovely. In them a Queen used ta live, the Lake and swans, the ivy- covered tower and flowers and garden make a perfect picture. There are two or three museums and half a dozen conservatories of flowers and plants. , may give you His holy .spiri t to comfort you in your day of sorrow and bereavement. May you have faith inHisproraisesndbeas- xie na"? provided ways-a- nd means rlcu"1 II If Irt snau nave niiicu you the uj presence and companionship of your dear ones again. In conclusion, Sister Harrison let me in the name of the ladies of the Relief say, Society and other friends that we wish to present this small token of our respect, as one of you the members of the Relief Society, and also as a It will not be long now be May 12. memorial of our everlasting friendship and as fore you think of going, up the cafion; tho time a birthday present. seems to slip' bjr: it doe3 not seem possible We hope that in the future when" you look that it will soon be June and that we have upon this memento it will brin? to vour been away from home six weeks. Pa says if we -- mind thosewho resTiecr and RinrrrpTv flvm. wish to we might stay six months after the with time of his mission is up, and travel on the pathize you under your present circumstances. We also wish you many happy recontinent. I should like it but of course we turns of your birthday. C. B. Nl cannot decide one year and a half before the E. Lizzie time. ; Gillespie, Pres. Anything might happen in that time. Sec. we should If Mary Keaton, stay however it would be two Tbe ladies presented Sister Harrison with years JVom this summer before we should come a haudsome and valuable present. home. We have had acontinualround of sight-seeinsince .we left Southport; have been in London-tw- o A UTAH GIRL IN LONDON, wcoks riow.but intend to start for Hastings ' London. a tomorrow. . This afternoon we ' May 3. 1891 are to the Dear Mary:- going Royal Naval Exhibition or else to the German. Here in London we go We came to London after two weeks stay or elevated railways instead in Southport. I thought we should only by under-groun- d street-cars; on they only have street-carstay here a week, or ten days, but we have of ----decided to stay two weeks-i- f all is well, , so I the outskirts of the City. One day last week weweht tcTthe tower of don't have to rush about sight-seein- g all the time although I have been quite busy going London, it is a great gloomy place and looks as if murders had been committed there. We about since I carae,and have seen considerable. The scenery is grand coming. from stood on the place which is supposed to be the ' scene of the murder of the boys Edward V. SouthporttollLdridon,the especially. The castles and halls and churches and his brother the Duke of York, and stood M the' piece of grani te: u were alHvyeote 'flower gardens were just like what we read of the graves of many great people put into one in books;" We passed young ladies nlayin upon which the scaffold was put. The heads Anna Queen Boleyn, tennis ana croquet, rapas Aunt met us at of Margaret Countess of Katherine the station and we drove direct to our apartSalisbury, Queen Howard, Jane Grey, Robert Devereaux; Earl ments. The next day we. went over Westminister of Essex, and Lord Hastings were cut off here. e saw the block on which were two or three bridge and passed the Houses of Parliament. I axe-cut- s where the axe had come down after Then we went into Westminister Abbey and . . fl i r i il t ir saw tne tomos or iuuton, John chopping off their heads, also saw the. axe and JJryden, Longfellow, Hastings, WardawortE and many the executioner's mask which was horribly ugly. When Lady Jane Grey was a prisoner in one more great men, bnt these arc all I can remember- - In the afternoon we went to St. part of the Tower she saw her husband led ' Paul's Cathedral ti ee the place. We saw forth to be executed on the Tower Green in the Lord Mayor of London and eyer.go many front of her.window, and saw bis headless body ? more great people, but I think they all look brought to the Chapel, a little away from ordinary and are not as refined looking Tower Green, in:ft.carjrVwhUe.sthe8cafibld--wabeing prepared for her own death on the The next day we went to the Crystal Palace green in front, which took place on the same and saw so many things I can hardly day, Monday 12th, Feb. 1554. Wasn't it remember them all. In this place they have horrible? Give my love to Josie, and I am going to an imitation tomb of the Black Prince, I guess yon have read about him, and there write to her when I get her address. With love to all the family and yourself were busts of most of the great men of every ; nation, and - statues of-- - a -- large number of also the boys and girls7 Lib. the In gallery there were great people. beautiful pictures of all schools and all nations. In the aquarium were fish of all kinds.: They have courts to represent the architecture of he announcement of the closing oj& the olden times; and a tropical region of tropical Rigg3 House, which ha3 been for fifteen years plants and birds. In the evening pa,. ma, and the headquarters of the National Woman I went to see a grand burlesque and variety Suffrage Association, brings a sense of lo83 to play; it wa3 splendid; a man in the play had every one : connected with the movement some trained dogs, and two of them had a throughout the nation. Mr. and Mrs. Spofford boxing-glov- e fight; they were getting angry have been generous and amiable hosts, and ' over it, s6. the man had to separate them; warm and sympathizing friends, and we can with roared the fun. bat hope that they will establish ., another everybody laughter at I suppose you went somewhere on May-dahostelry from which the encroachments of I went to one of the most stylish shops in business will not push , we should London and bought me a dress; wherever you f hardly know how to jthem,for have a Washington buy a dres3 in England you can have it made Convention without them, as a rallying point. right at the shop; the dressmaking and " be-i- o But next timeJt must be called the Spofford ' ngings costs threumeas and a Lalf. I l I -- ' g HAST THOU BEEN TEMPED? Hast thou been tenped so, O cold, proud heart? Hast fought the tempter well, and know His language sweet to overthrow; Was it thy will of circumstance That checked his pitiless advance? t sea-sidepla- ce s ' so.u.-,.- Hast thou been tompted 1 O cold, proud heart? Hast thou been strong where he was weak? Mayhap thine armor yet may break Where his is firm and show thee where Corruptness festers unaware. ... im-s,jne- ; Ada Stanley. Hast thou been tempted so, O cold, proud heart? juu.-- w And down upon that mysterious bed, Sometime I shall lay my weary head. Whose gentle hand in the bright summer hours, Will gather. for me sweet beautiful flowers? What loving friend will hallow my rest, And place the white rose upon my breast? 2 179 r : .The safety, wherein he allured, Would ne'er have known the want that drives To sin, to shame, to prison gyves? " Hast thou been tempted so, O cold, proud heart? Thank God thou still art pure, hut lend : . Thy stronger hand in kindness, friend; Crush not the fallen with disdain, But help him back to hope again. ' V. , E. W. ' 1 " Hull. BIRTEDAYrANHrVERSAHYr De&rJSisterJSam Kelief Society of Eureka, and other friends, have met in your home this evening to con- gratulate you on your returning health and strength. We are pleased to know that you are Able to be around againy andt we"hope . under the blessing of God, that you will e to improve in bodily strength until you-- are fully recovered from the severe sickness under which you have suffered so long. You have been brought back, so to speak, almost con-tiim- see, and to know that our kind Heavenly Father has been so merciful to you in sparing your life to see more days, and to give you a help and mother children and to be a useful, active your member in the Relief Society in this part of our Father's vineyard. We also wish to extend to you, and the members of your family, our heart-fel- t sympathies for the great bereavement you, in the. providence of God, have been called upon to .sustain of late in the iosOfyouT beloved bus-b- and and father, Brother Harrison. . pother opportunity to - to-- be we leel that atirh a sni , - y; -- . 