WOMAN'S EXPONENT. CHRISTMAS HYMN. And often the minstrel who sun boM brave knight from the war retumM, " In this sun pie disguise' his love would tell, How while far away he had fondly d For a maidn fair, whose colors he yearn wore, And whose faith, was the shield he proudly bore. 1 so-'wui- mead-r-yVVIi- en ' '' ' Those were the days of the bold crusaders, Who fought like heroes for fame and These gracious tidings from on high Echoed along the star-l- it sky! While Shepherds seated on the ground Beheld the glory all around. glory, And freed their land from wicked invaders, - Their names are wriHn romance" and J low. they fought in armor with spear and shi And the bravest fell on the batik-fitld-- These shining Seraphs said to them, Behold the Star of Bethlehem! Yea, where it sheds its glorious rays Your Savior In a manger lays. " 'loryTZ !U But since that time a change has been wrought And men are the bravest who sue for peace, "Good will" was the message the Savior brought, And the time is coming when wars shall ceas.-- : When the right shall triumph over the wrong, And the weak confound the brave and the strong AirTian r'airTianT the happy morn,' When Jesus Christ the Lord was born, Let Heaven and Earth, and Angels sing Praises to their Redeeming King. V ! - E. B W. C. L. W.. EMILY H AM I L I ON'S CHKI3TM AS, PERFECT TRUST. "Tell me my dear mamma, what can we do thisyear for Christmas, something new and odd, I'm so tired )f the same humdrum way of celebrating, with a Christmas tree for Hi and no amusement children, excent having . .. I . o a t i ones oi to relatives whom .one dinner, jot sees never except "oh special occasion wln iney.come to be entertained, with eating and unnKing, ana teumg the same old stones each year?" . "Well Emily are you through, finding fault with our homely ways? And by the bye, w; hat would you propose for the children in place of a Christmas tree?" "0 almost anything, a dancing party for instance.then we voum? folks Comes she now, for rest, to me. Neveroubting, full jvelljk no wing I would shield her from all harm T Mother love is all so potent . .. . To the babe upon my arm. r -- v Baby hands I know are reaching Unto me from Spirit Land, Friends I love I know are waiting Until I shall join their band. Oft 1 feeHheir presence near me Bringing solace oft midst pain, " "Jut my daughter do you know what it would take to get up a party, and our circumstances this year are only very moderate, and l II . rran k jncouegfef , "0, it wouldn't be so verv expensive, and Frank will be at home, and we shall want a When I plead unto the Father For the strength I sorely need T-- To a daughter as she pleads, And with a perfect woman's wisdom ' In mercy too will heed the daughter Struggling here amid the fight, when we would be righteous We are tempted to do wrong. But with heaven's love above us, And with spirit-lov- e beside, We can hope to reach that haven The perfect trust of a little child. . - tit- - 1 fl seen the outside glitter and show only, and had not gone deejenough into the matter to lind That " AirisTnot" gold that glitters." - Miss Hamilton Was young and beautiful, and life seemed to her a vision of loveliness, she had been the favored one at home, and the first and choicest of everything was always hers from father and mother and brother, and even the relatives of whom she had spoken so slightingly were her admirers generally, Her fciauuuii jum auyreu ner, accorumg io ner 1 a iuu vm uic in a i iEf;.a uuiio w s u it'd u xo me 1 -- "back so accomplislied and "they all. so proud of her, yet she was scarce willing to be amiable with them, Emily Hamilton like a great many other young girls imagined she knew more than her mother and grandmother, who had not had the opthough very portunities of a IuVIut dnrHtirm. wliifh ahf ' MM. 11 ....,,1' AUV f.jn!.I iuu-ia ins was an tuc uiucrKiiav a laumu fnistake on her part,. for it was not the real knowledge-thahad fjttriven her these false Ideas of life, but simply the dazzling effect of the compauioqship of girls whose home training had been totally neglected, whose mothers lived lor society and expected their daughters to make brilliant matches in high life Emily's mother was a very sensible woman. who - loved her-- home and whose virtues were of the purest type. She had no idea of the change in her daughter until after she left school, or she would have vastly preferred to ".."Frank will be glad to see the children hav- common , village pastimes, and meeting his old friends in a social way without any extra expense; besides Emily, your father is uot in the best health or spirits, money is scareerand he lavish expenditure of means, we objects. to any . . . . nave me nine ones mture toxninK oi;P remember what it has cost to give you the advantages you have, had these last two or three years." "But mamma, don't be always bringing up what everything costs, it makes me feel .uncomfortable, I guess papa-- is just a3 likely to make more money; his business is all right," " he's the richest man in town, everybody knows that, the girls at school knew well enough that 1 could anora to uress amerenuy, ana i oiten felt a3 if I would like to tell them, that you didn't believe in living up to our income,-becauswe had a large family." "Emily," said the mother, "your father has been a very careful man, and does not believe iu extravagance, he would not approve of your manner of speaking of his wealth either, he never makes any boast of i t. T am astonished that you should mention it in such a way; one would think you would Have more discretion at your age, I should not like the younger children especially Bessie to hear you talk as lyoiilarelxloirjg bow; F qan't understand what has made you so dissatisfied." Emily sat silently and looked into the fire; she felt uncomfortable, she was restless and CHRISTMAS EVE. ' On a Christmas Eve in the good old times, When the youtfg and the gay were strong and brave, The Churches pealed forth their musical chimes, And the rich of their substance freely gave; Of their right good cheer and the welkin rang, With ''peace on earth and will to man.'' good The castles so grand and the abbeys old, Rf sounded with mirth from night until morn. Aiid the story of Bethlehem was told, How lo ! in a manger the babe was born; Even Christ the Savior, greater than all, - Who came to redeem mankind from the fall. ' 1 1 '. 1 1 e , And there gathered around the festive board,' The great and the noble of many a land, And they feasted and sung and the music poured, In flowing. numbers and a "measure grand; And they danced to the rhythhT drmeTodyV In the halcyon days of chivalry. Music and jest and laughter and song, Filled the ancient halls.and the troubadour -- Returned frcnsrthlTwaTv prolong With his love-lor- n tiles of a foreign shore, Of a passion, that absence could not subdue And the Ladies wept for a love so true. - J Jancled-lierselflv- ery unbappyrsbe-had-nly- -r recently returned from a very well-meani- ng o .... . - -- 1 ... changeforjy 1 E. T. ; T ing a good time, and he wants rest more than dissipation, Fm inclined to thiniT frem his letters. that he will be quite satisfied with our Though the darkness is appalling, And the tempter's brave and strong, es - Lcould-enjoy-i- .- Causing tearspbut learmgtedness, "Like the sunshine after rain.'' Oft-tim- - - -- , i . Take mei conies in plaintive accents From th.e babe close by. my knee, Wearied now with toy and plaything . n - , ?.!1 1A.A,.t".l...;'.i r- , - and she had heard so much of the style and elegancel)f palatial residences in the City tlTat when she returned to the simple country home from which she had gone forth so free and happy it seemed such a dreary place, and the people-witwhom she had been wont to associate with their plain apparel, did not look the same to her, as they had before and it made MM " ' Was While jshepheids lay on dewy suddenly, and overheacl, Bright angels sung this joyous strain, Peace on earth-- , good will to man.'" : popular-girls- ' seminary, where she had been associated with young ladies who prided themselves more upon their personal charpis,than their sterling worth , have been under her own influence and press t he q ues tion of a party any urther then, but determined in. her own mind' to have a change in the family routine at Christmas time which was very: near. The mother was very" thoughtful after, and she also resolved that she would speak to her husbaud the first opportunity, about Emily, the change in her, and slon "upon her that would have a good effect. - When Mr Hamilton came id" as .usual towards eveuiner. he noticed- - that hib wife waa i not so cheerful as usual and Emily was very cool; without pretending to have observed it - he asked for some music, or "is the dinner ready? if so we'll have a song afterwards,said he his iace beaming with love, as he laid his hand careesingly upon Emily Y shining hair. It is so pleasant to have you in your old place again, I never mean Bessie shall stay away from us as you have, and there will be no occasion for it, for you will be able to teach her here at home." "But papa, I can't teach, I have not qualified myself for teaching." "0, not in a school, I don't mean ihat exactly, but you'll superintend, and help your mother, she has her hands full with so 'many." 'T, milycarcely knew what to say, but she began to feel it was more than she was pre- " pared to undertake. She was thinking of a winter of pleasure, and herein was discontent. immediately on her returnV "Dfnher was announced and although the father was unusually cheerful, the conversation lasnred. - Emilv had not xnressed a de- s.ire to comply with his reouest. to sins, and - 1 fter-4beir return-t-o theparlorTlie" waited" as it in anticipation belore asking again. She sat moodily folding her hands idly and toying with her rings, finally Mr. II. broke the " "' 