36 WOMAN'S EXPONENT done individually. The silk culture and manufacture might be one of the important branches of development in the Utah exhibit. We intend to keep this matter before the g ladies and inform them from time to time the Woman's Fair Commission; probably before another paper is issued there may be something more tangible to present in regard to what postive 'steps can be taken to forward the enterprise in Utah. Woman's Exponent. RMMELIhE B. WELLS; Editor. con-cernin- Published in Salt Lake City, Utan. Terms: No Enecopy one year, 51,00; one copy six months, reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 eta. ' . Adverti-sinlines of rates: Each square, ten nonpareil Bpace, one time, 12.50; per month, 53.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers, ExroNKNT office,,No. 25 E., South Temple Streetsecond gate east of Deseret News Office. Busmen "hours from 10 a.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday Address all business communications to PUB LIS HER, WOMA NS EX PONE NT, semi-monthl- g Salt Lake City. Utah. Ist 'Entered at the " Secoml Cta.fi Matter. Salt WOMEN IN THE WORLD'S FAIR.. JPtiJiiiisdhsJLzdhs n 5i arucies ai once wiin icssiuua iu tummcure spcwiai a view to putting them on exhibition will be doing a public good. There are many women ingenious and skilled in certain departments of work, who need encouragement and perhaps means to get material to work with, all these things should be talked of in the locality where such persons reside, and if necessary application made to those who have the matter in hand, and the proper assistance rendered; as this is not merely a personal affair, but one in which all have a general interest : The Territorial Letrislature will surelv make a eenerous aDoroDriatinn for the women nf Utah. a ...U ,-- . .n.. .v ,1 i a. L! t . t - We-als- from-Sister-Gre- y; The Relief Society Conference of Cassia Stake will be held at Oakley on the 19th of September. It is expected that Pres. Zina D. H. Young, her Counselor Jane S. Richards and Aurelia S. Rogers, Pres. of the Primary Associations of Davis Stake will go to attend this Conference and also the Primary and Y. L. M. I. A- .- This is the first visit of the leading sisters of the Relief Society to Cassia Stake. Mrs. Louisa Haight is the President, and Mrs. Louisa Picket-Secretary Mary Emma Vanscoonhoven, M.D0has returned -- fromAnj.A physician and surgeon graduated ;a after a four years course, and has now established herself in practise in this City. Her office is in the Constiution building opposite Z. C. M. I., Rooms 324 & 325 on the third floor, reached easily by the elevator. Mrs. Van as she is best known here where she has lived from childhood, had quite a successful practise as an obstetrician, and in treating children etc., previous to entering the University having taken regular courses in those studies under some of the leading physicians here. full-fledg- ed . Colle annual session this month in the Social Hall The trustees ' having? secured as formerly. The Lattet-dayainA- s; - -- " The-wom- - 7" a - 7 4 " - krrz nd DEATH OF MARY ANN PRATT. , Bouquets of late summer flowers have lately graced our sanctum, gifts from Sisters. Jane o Cowan, Mary Gunderson and Jane Holt. had a basket ofdelicious cherries for these most acceptable favors, we wish to make grateful acknowledgements. Mary Ann, widow of Parley P. Pratt, departed this life at her home in Pleasant Grove Utah, at 3:20 a. m: August 24, 1891'. Deceased, was the daughter of Aaron and Susan Frost and was born at Grotenr Vei mbnt, rJan. 14, 1809; her father's family - moved- - to the State of Maine, where they embraced the Gospel as early as 1835, Mrs. Stearns was baptized by David W. Patten. She was a widow .then having married Nathan Stearns in May i830,by him she had one daughter one year , who is stilt living. .Her husband-dieafter their marriage. After receiving the Gospel she went to Kirtland and was married to Apostle ! d Parlev 'P. Pratt.' Mav 1817. he. heinp- a wirinivprsjr ' - at the time v r In Missouri SisterrPratt and her husband en- dured many sufferings. Thefr eldest son Nathan was born inCaldwell Co. . "Three months later Mr. Pratt was arrested by an armed' mob and taken, to prison, his wife meanwhile lying 'sick 'of aeyer 'and ;POl:' able foleave her bed. ''"Aiter lief reebverv she visited him-r- prison," remaining- - with heir children six 1 weeks, in a dreary dungeon . During this time hex daughter Mary Ann accidentally had her arm broken by the trap door, and at this ' supreme moment Sister Pratt, at her husband's suggestion, took from the jail a manuscript which contained much chutch history and delivered it to a friend. Thus many important items were saved for the church. The deceased was banished from the State with her helpless children, while her husband was compelled to remain in the dungeon. She settled-a- t Quincy, Illinois. Brother Pratt afterwards joined his 'wife and i - a , -- lie way considering all the taxes they pay without permanently the property formerly owned by . t- ft f to be xvvery iacmty ougnt Mrs. Etta Eilerbeck, and where it is anticipated representation, afforded to those, who are helping in this laudputting.up suitable college buildings as soon as able undertaking. Men and women whojhave circumstances will permit, and laying out and orchosen Utah for a home should be as proud of namenting the grounds handsomely. Dr. J. E.Tal-mag- e what can be accomplished in this new country thePrincipal of the institution has recently reeven though it may be a little crude, as those in turned from atrip abroad whither he went during older States and countries where greater progress vacation, one object being to attend the meeting in the arts, sciences, professions and .industries "of the Royal lIicroscopical Society m has been arrived at. ' which he is a member ; ; he also' visited Franr,. v ; an Switzerland, Belgium and Northern Germany, should jespond to the invitation extended to pre spent coAsiderableime in Paris and during his : for Snd n "something pare theTlcominFair, begi travels has collected much Valuable information without delay as there is no lime to be lost. of a literary, historical, scientific and general ' be will home soon will and at call MrsSalisbury charade r. a meeting of the Committee which consists of about twenty-fiv- e ladies, and make more definite The quarterly Conference of the Relief Society arrangements concerning what measures will be of this Stake will be held in the 14th Ward As taken to reach all the outside counties. . Meansembly Rooms, on Friday September nth, meettime talk up this matter whenever an opportunity ings commencing at 10 a. m. and at 2 p. m. as offers among the ladies and consider what can be usual. It is expected there will be an interesting , pUbliC. tlie 9th of September.. Mrs. M. A. Hyde President wishes the County well represented, v - , v Aug. 15, the published The quarterly Conference of the Relief Society oflSaiipjet eLStakeL.wlil.be held at MLJUeasanl-o- Mrs. Potter , World's Fair Commission has returned from Europe where she has been working up an interest among women, in regard to representation in the World's Fair of i893,she has been received with honors, and has succeeded in arousing enthuiasm abroad and since her return home has called a meeting ot the lady Commissioners to be held in Chiratrri earlv in Spnfpmhpr. lrs. Margaret B. Salisbury Chairman of the Utah commission is absent from home and Miss Keogh,alternate will go on to represent the interests here and Mrs. Whanla ofOgden who is also a Lady Commissioner, will leave for Chicago at the same time to be present at the meeting and to get information concerning what is expected to be done here by the women of the Territory. This Fair is a mammoth enterprise and wha1 little such a small Territory can do, may seem insignificant but, if a unitecf effort is made by r:-..-- onhe T- 2TX-nr7a- lasT verse of the poem The Relief Society Conference of the Weber Stake willie held in Ogden on Thursday, Sep" tember ioth, Mrs. Jane S. Richards presiding. 1891.' be accomplished. It is high time to begin, and anyone who can arouse the ; energies of those - ordsOftenr life' should readQtherhpsr" . September thTfTrst line "Singing Evermore" 0Jlce in Salt Lake City, Utah, as ' Lake City, e EDITORIAL NOTES. Tn Conference, and the President M. I. Home is desirous there should be a full attendance and each branch have representation through its members The Conference of the Primary Associations of this Stake will convene-thfollowing day in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, and there should certainly be a large representation from the various branches, as this is a suitable season of the year for the children to assemble and show what- - improvement has been made. Meetings will commence at 10 a. m. and at 2 p. m. All interested in the spiritual welfare of the children are invited to . . r a uucuu.t rni xuc 1.r l,. ii, 1. .rissociauons 01 tnis Stake hold their Conference Sep, 1, in the lalL Meetings commence at 7:30 p. m. The programme of exercises as publisher! in the dailv naner: nncrht tr ncurv'o audience. Mrs. Mary A. Freeze is. the President and a cordial invitation has been extended to the - en - - MarV Ann. her sister4. Olive, their three rhiMren. ' Parley P. and Nathan, started for England with' Elder Pratt, they being the" first women among the Latter-da- y Saiuts to go to a foreign land as, J- quarters, when Brother - rf --- --- . Pratt, established the Millennial Star. ' their daughter Olivia was bbrn. Theylemained: in England two years and On June ist, 1S41, on Jher on board the "Maid of Iowa," just one week fore they landed at Nauvoo Susan." ';. : They named . be- Her ; After arriving home sorrow! visited their household ; Nathan and Susan both died within -a short time. Their next child was a son, Moroni L. Sister Pratt was expelled with the saints just after the battle of Nauvoo, and settled at Winter Quarters now Florence, Neb. She afterwards made a visit with her children to her relatives in the State of Maine, and came to the valley in the 