WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 12(5 Ward. We arc rein? to furnish it and hold our Society meetings there at present. There was a good attendance. There has been a branch : p the Society organized in North Salt Lake and we have four sisters there who have been appointed teachtrs to act under the direction, of the Presi deDt of the 22nd Ward. They expressed them -- selves asbeing very thankful for the privilege of having meetings there and a Sunday School. Our Bishop said Sunday that he and one of his Counselors had visited the Sunday School that day and LlheylwerZhoM and it did not begin to hold them all. He told them to look out. piece of ground or a school house. , There is also quite a settlement west of 3rd North St., Counselor Jeremy of the R. S. and one of the teachers visited there, and invited, the siste4o.ur-)eti-nv- someot them are appointed teacners to visit mere : ........ I the people. among ' The people have been very energetic in helping to erect the new Meeting house in this ward; and feel very thankful we have a place to worship God in. Our Society is in a prosperous condiiioni Adelaidk Ridoes, Sec. - . ITEMS FROM COTX)RA I )0l Dear Exponent: Ihavebeea thinking for some time of writing a brief accountof our little settlement among the hills of South Western Colorado, for the benefit of the readers of the Exponent, but like every thing that can be, in this busy world But now, it ha3 been left till "to-morrow- ." sajs lmud write one who lias the authority you an account of a little social affair which took place on the 14th of this month, in honor of Sister Mary Roberts, who until recently has lield tae'jjoattoii'of Prer of our Itelief Society As Sister Roberta contemplates moving away shortly, it was decided that the sisters should tu rnjou tiaTor isurpT ise;her,fcear(I, ingly, on theday appointed, the most of the sisters, with babies and baskets, and some of the brethren met at one of the stores, and soon after several gleigh loads were wendiug their war westward towards the home of Sister Roberts, where on our arrival we met with a Very cordial welcome. As it was nearly noon the first thing jn order wa3 dmner.and while it was being prepared the company were entertained by one of thp brethren who had "been there," singing a song that was composed. in the"pen," which awakened many reflections. After the repast was over and the tables cleared away, the company were called to order and the following address, written by SisterXouic White, wa3 read: - - Dear ;Si&fer3:-I- n - attempting to perform ray-pa- rt you have always manifested a deiiie to perSaint. form your duties as-- Latter-daWe desire to assure you of our love and v esteem,. and to express our appreciation of the many pleasant and prontable hours that we nave' spent in your society, anu 01 me wiso counsel ypu have given us, especialy that por tion of it which admonished , us to perform idithlullv the dutie3 which weowe to our children. .Your earnest remarks on . this sub ject have ever touched a responsive chord in our hearts, for we realize that the most im- portant duty devolving upon 'u is the bringing forth and training of the souls of men and women who are destined to fill responsible Church, and positions in this great Latter-dan we trust-tat the Lord will give us strength to carrvou t the instructions we have received, "that Jfe. may l;ecome more worthy and per- fect mothers. Wre know that men and nation3 are not given to rising higher than the source from whence they spring, hence the necessity of perfecting. ourselves a3 mothers, that the level to which our children may ri3e shall be an exalted one. We feel that you have set us a worthy example in the care you have takeu cf the intelligent spirits that our Father has placed in your keepings and we trust that you 'may be rewarded by having your children rise up and call you blessed, and that you may experience the truest joy that a mother: can know,that of seeing her children grow up valiant for the truth honored and beloved by the good and noble. A3 you journey ou through life, and encounter the trials which beset its pathway, we pray that you may have strength iriven vou a3 vour dav, that vou mav the rod, and feel at all pas3 cheerlully-und- er g times to acknowledge the provie dence ot an never Father; shrinking from, the trials through which he - may- - call you to go, but continually seeking for strength to bear them, realizing that they aro blessings in disguise, as each one cheerfully borne r " y a 4 y -- 1 Abhk g, but too high an altitude for fruit, except, the hardier, kinds, and ve havo very little of that a3 yet, so that even dried fruit is dcemedquite five cents a pound for it. Wo have to pav rather a high pric3 for all our supplies, but, as we will soon have a railroad running through our town, we are in hopes thatjho pricei will be lower in the near future.- Our associations are all in fairly good running order, consider- -r; imr our scattered condition, mo maioritv nave to travel two or three mile3 in ordeFlo attend meetings, which 13 quite a disadvantage in the Winter time. Our educational laeilities are very good. Our people are in the minority, but we are treated very kindly by our out side friends. Ther? are three ministers of the MethodisLpersuasion here, two of them have attended our meetings two or three time3 and preached for our benefit, but I haven't -- heard of their making any converts, although one of the outsiders here promised them quite a large sura ot money when tney snouiu convert a "Mnrmnn .". Success to the Exponent, "May it live long and prosper," is the sincere wish of one who watches anxiously for its coming and eagerly scans its pages lot tiuings or menus, lor, - r . ; oiu-tim- e ' heart keeps wandering home 10 ail tne aear ones mere, vjy all-wis- iu-c- eaae3liiur--Xa- i tb .and iprove3ur integrity r-Y- have been endowed with taknt3 which, if wisely used, will be a source of joy and satisfaction to yourself and of encouragement to others. Wherever you may go you will find opportunities for the exercise of those talents in assisting to advance the cause of truth, a3 the held is wide, aud the laborers lew. You have our kindest wishes for yourself and iamily, and wherever your lot may be cast we trust that you may be blessed both spiritually and temporally. And we also trust that when you leave us you may . carry with you many pleasant memories of 'friends found and ;.: associations Ibrmed wh ile here. And while we are assembled together at this time, may the spirit which we manifest, and the words which we speak, be of such a nature that in years to come we shall be able to look back to this day, as one of the bright spots in our lives; and although in the future we may walk in separate paths, mav each one's be a branch of that road which leads path to lif0 eternal; and when we have reached' the terminus may we have the privilege pOenew-.th- e associations begun - in ah is life, with and bodies tinfeUered by the weskTesles spirits pertaiumg to mortality, free to enjoy to the lullest extent each others society throughout the boundless ages of eternity." Sister Robertsjhen responded by exnre-i- n her appreciation of the sentiments jult read and ot the hondr shown her those present! by feahUhe years spent here were amon th happiest of her life, and in leaving she leave behind many kind friends who would would ajwaya ha aflectionately remembered Fei t to give the glory to her Heavenly Father for " -- " v . hand-shakin- over-rulin- iu the programme, I am keenly sensible of my inability to acquit myself in as creditable a manner as I would like; but, as Latter-da- y Saints, we are all aware that unless our efforts, whether iu speaking or in writing are dictated by a higher power than that of our own, they will prove unsatisfactory and unprofitable, therefore, I trust that although the few lines which-Bh- all write may bo simple and unadorned with the flowers of rhetoric that the spirit which they breathe may be one worthy to find an echo in the heart "of each one present We have met to day, dear sister, to show you that4 honor and respect wlilcTi"we" feel is youre by right, in consideration of your labors, in our midst, not only in connection with our Relief Society but also in the Sabbath School, where you have been an pf&nf n,i diligent worker, in seeking to instil in the : minds of thos under jurisdiction ""th e pur life of and salvation. principles - ' . AV . . aU limes your spirit and body have been weighed while here. downrby teasoh of the triah and difficulties " Pre3. Wm. Halls aud Brother Roberts, after which .the time was 'spent in singing, dancing about sundown, when and social chat,-til- l we took our de. after a general narture. feeling all the happie- r- for having shown a desire to niakepthers happyr fine families here, We have about forty-fiv- e and with a goodly, degree and are blessed peace ou aa l I don't supp.)S3 it will ever forswear its,. nllprrinnp t."i but when 1 that Utah of thft old hima find ir. n.?nniat.ion. take into c msideration the fact isn't Utah of the past, I that nerha bsf after all, I am happier here, striving in my humble way to assist in building up one of the Stakes of Zioa.than I would be there under the changed state of affairs. L. M. W. to-da- y con sola mvself with t he thought Mancos, Colo., Jan. 20,1891. T X', S. KEPOFvTS. MARICOPA STAKE. Minutes of Relief Society Conference of Maricopa Stake, held Dec. 18th,i890. After the usual exercises Pres. Sarah M. Pomeroy spoke upon charity and gave good counsel. Pres. M. A. Hakes represented the Mesa Ward; a faithful few were always ready and willing to do what thev "could. Pre3. Lizzi8 j the same Macdonald gave almost report of ' the Leiii Ward. Pres. Ann Kleinmau of the Alma Ward, said we need spiritual as well as ten poral food Gave much thesame report a3 the other wards. Pres. Susan Savage, of the Papago Ward, sAid the native sisters seemed more energetic and prompt than the white isters,rso far a3 they understood. .".' Nephi Ward was briefly renarte l by Bro. Koah Brimhall,a3 he waa the only member present. Counselor If. C. lingers, Bro, Charles II. t -- -- .. Allen, Sister Sarah Ann Itobson, and Sarah Phelps, each spoke a short timo when we adj ourned , fee! i ng that t B e time bad been wel I spent, arid all had been repaid for coming to-e- :J!n5lng.an(iiihenaha...,ljeiiedictiori,i, closed the meetiug. ; 1 Appropriate remarks were then mndn ;. HALAI) -t- )nferencriT STAKE. 