WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 13 i the hearts of thousands .of sufferers in this country". Alongside of Misl Barton was the bright corresponding secretary ot tue council, pretending to be such ; great frcinds when everybody knew that theic pursuits were as unalike as were those of the - Duke of ' Wellington and Mr. Bob Ingersol, or Susan B. Anthony and Kate Field." The next speaker was Ele Gance. Sho was attired with the most exquisite taste, and looked charming indeed. She believed the cause for which the meeting wa3 called to be a rrnnA rmo onrl u'J willinrr. tn wnrlr f'nr if. TUn "W D O ' ' refinement and elevation of taste, manners ami POLITICS. whose work of humanity has enshrined her in . i iurs. iiay u THE MEETING, WHY I WENT, AND WHO I 8AW AND HEARD. . cewau,-- ui luuiauajjwio. ngiu Thad heard of Poli Tics, but had never Next came Jennie C. Croly, whosc"wri tings under the nom de plume of Jennie June are seen her. I believed her to be a wonderful known and loved irom one end ot thecouutry woman,but had little idea what she was really to the other. By her side was.. Mrs. liachel like. Foster-AverWhen the information-wagiven me (very corresponding secretary of the be ilmf. at the meeting. I - fiif would International Council of .WomeirrTJien" came a nrivntolvV iA j j r t nt l ti a loef mnmon in this city, Kev. Anna lady so Li If. Shaw, president ortkeNY linodaughsis. ly '"XlianivoWcorIr(l idno a keB "elongtol Tery d esirab erribg cclrndon e in iv meh" she eret her side was Mrs. 'Mary T. Lathrap,of Michi idy,and I rushed hurriedly along until I felt deep nterest. lrue refinement belonged reached the door there I paused! The to every trulv noble character, and should bo gan, who has been heard during the past week on tho platform of the White Kibboners, thought that women only would compose tho careiuuy cultivated uy ail. Ed Ucation was next called to tho stand. Next to her etood one of Ntw York'a brightest meeting had made me feel quite fearless. Now He said the real intent of this meeting wa3 of the what was my astonishment to hear the strong, ladies Eila Dietz mnsfiilinp vnirFi nf.TnCjieft lilUfrhinf? heartilv Sorosis Club. Then came Miss Mary S. Lock scarcely yet made clear to hisjmind. He wa3 wood and ItslDrM bV.reprsentatty: trir;cxpreinainad(; by?hi3 little sweetheart,- of thY Woman's National Press Association; iuem intent. 1 was, nowfever, 100 mucn in but felt that he would be the better for attend-ing'lh- e Mrs. iMtello M, II. Merill, of tho New Engearnest to- be frightened away at the sound of a meeting,' as he believed, as far as he land Women's Press Association. The last man's voice; especially as 1 knew now that understood it,itwa3 for' mutual benefit. To ' lady in the line was Mrs. Florence Balgarnie, meeting was not yet commenced, and I bad gain intelligence, and to use that intelligence a distinguished representative of- - woman's work the advantage of beine earh: so after'a in doing good should be the leading pursuit in London, where, in addition to many other moment's hesitation, I walked in. Of course oi every man ana every woman. offices, she is president of the British'. Woman's my eyes would turn towards that portion of the organization for such purposes was in contemAssociation. j couerefration from whence had proceeded the plation by those who had called the meeting, Temperance 11 These were women, nearly allr of whom have: measant sound of Jo's voice. There he sat. ll.. uavo.. uis nearly tuppori. iuc xuuvemeiiii wuuiu . r TT i .i various-line- s IT in his the achieved a world-widso. of ever surrounded by classmates, iieDenevea mat organizations ior tne onngmg reputation many of women's work and endeavor. Btfore; araricor wlinm I rpfnorniftd Fd Ucation. Die' together of different minds, different grades of this distinguished., party the com and Gym Nasties, : m.i'i tJi I.. ii , i ipi KirrHH1 (ll Mill' iiuhi I'H , with J,alorf.Nat Ural, n 0 nidividual. felt disposed to stand in awe, a source tno of sat in oia Ante unuvian ifear grand development to all interested. nig and still there was nothing JNat Ural being asked to address the meetjn chair, and with her neat old. fashioned cap, stood their appearance as they and chatted her plain, comfortable dress and easy graceful ing, said he w;as an advocate for all sensible with the guests as they were presented1 one manners, she seemed' to be the moving and reforms. He believed in everything that after auother. They weie clothed like other ruling spirit in the meeting. With that tended to enlighten the understanding and deference which we usually show to those who enlarge the capacities of men and women and women, except, perhap', in better taste than would-bthe society leaders; they consider themselves our suneriors. Ante asked boys and girls. But he liked short exercises wore their hair, much of which showed the Die Tator to call the meetiog to order, and of some kind; in which all should take some whitening frost of public service, like other preside." Die took the chair with his char part, rather than to have all the time occupied And women; they'; talked. literpUi?rvpme.ij, jaD.4 ft,acteri3tic,..un,conccxja,raud,,Belfrc'liance. laughed-lik- e in tact- - the. only alter the ojiening exercises, he showed himself tongues, and we should learn to use them, cii me real gentleman by asking Ante to make that wc may preserve our identity; be i(our- thing that made them duler from the .hund dreds of sitters who came to meet the first speech. Bhe arose in her nuief. diVni- ix viuir tu rrmiaie uiiiera wiiom t iiwuttuui -- fied wayra fi'd'aJdJthre'Qbect""6'r" the meeting jre aamir4.iie Jikod cnginality. ' roti'EKH'tiiDS'c ax f Sb r i 0 g tog el hTfTrHt'many influences "iv Gene Kositv was called unon for a sieech. TnitnmranemicirtirgTaiiubjectF in literature and other patli3 that that were operating, ia these days, in rather a and cheerfully distinguished To - follow the responded. lead to fame. to unite of manner, the last speaker, she should; have desultory andj by seeking: suggestion The following are a few of the many d ; them, it wa3 hoped that they might be utilized to sav something more than to endorse what to far greater advantage than they could be in had already been said. - She- - did - not tinguished people noticed at the reception: : propose Mrs. William Todd Helmutb, of New York, their disconnected state. She alluded to the to criticise Nat's would add a little but speech, wife of the surgeon, Dr. vast difl'erence between the ways of living in to it. In her opinion, it was better for these times and in her early days. But in reHelmuth; Dr. liachel Gleasou, of Elmira, young people to copy the good in others than N. Y.; Judge and MrsVlliamXawsoaIrs gard to rel igion, she thought the world was in to think so much of originality as to carry out Isabella Betcher Hooker, of Brookly noisier of much the same condition now. as when she less worthy designs and ideas of their own. the late Henry Ward Beecher; Dr. Caroline was young. Then Noah, preached to the "There is nothing new under the sun" anyhow, B. Wriuslow, Dr. and Mrs. La Fetra, Mrs. J. people ar.d endeavored to arouse them to a and whether our talents are great or small, the C. "Wen ham, of Grand Kapids, Mich.; Miss sense, of their wickedness and the. dangers best and wisest course for us all to pursue is Emily B. Ketelnun, of Grand Rapids; Mrs. IV awaiting them if they would not repent. But to cultivate a disposition to do good wherever Clarence Tabor, of Grand Rapids; Mr. and' iney reiusea to listen to him, and the con- . , " IS UV 110 nuutcvci ay tJ Ca.il . ' s - " y, well-know- - t.l n 1 ; " v . 4 i. tt , J . . . v nt Clymer,-preside- M - . - itan 1 L 1 . 1 . !- e mon,-evtry-da- Hu-Mili- y 1 ty I 1 awe-inspiri- ng e one-hal- f ' j)a fWaiihja other-wom- -- gaily-dresse- . . ..' ' is-- world-renowne- " d Mrs. Scalesj Mi'saf Howe and Miss McDonald, of Toronto, Canada; Mrs. Helen B. Jenkins, of Detroit; Hon. Jerry SimpsonTof Ivansas; Hepresentati ve M cComas, Price, ol New Jersey, and many othersincluding promiex-Go- v. nent ladie3 and gcutlemtu of Washington. Tho reception began promptly at 0 o'clock, n a d fo r tw o hours a cm s t a n t s t rea ra o f p eo pi e crowded past the receiving lino until the ladies were grateful for a rest. The unusual character ot the gat hering made i t one of the most interesting events that has ever taken place in the city. GeniaKacd-;- : dominies, inVblaek cashmere an d si Ik, will s ho w tke"au dience, a t t he tirtt public meeting of tho triennial sessioaiuf the Woman's t:NiTbn"lil Council, iu Albaugh's Opera House, Ftb. 22ud, what eloquence in ' female pulpit oratcrs amounts 1 1. tlOOij. iKiriTTr-rTT- i R B, Wilwcrjht Jhe former Alitor o iMTilliiaii, (Saginav, Mich.) accepts a $1,000 clerkship in the ollice of the Secretary: of the ' State oi 'Michigan. rpFnUcxsin onr,nr,4. come into if. mul . Will not heed l1"1-15- is fast approaching. . , While Ante was talking, I was what a good meeting we were haviug thinking and how all present were enjoying it, when I happened to see Mis Chief at one end.. of the ' room .blinking her eyes viciously.andpokiog up her nose m a sneering manner, to attract the atteii- and Ani Igerent tiopofBell Mosity who sat distance from her. W'hen the (lUitc speech was ended she beckoned lhcm to go and git rbyiiery and they went. Alas! I thGugbt, Eden nas uut nuuous an evii serpent, nor are we free from I il.P.mc, ,f u"L was el .iu, S r fcUO .lureu lat r ' Tau opportunity of iUUUU id-almo- st incessantly, and at the close of the meetinir elbowed throimh tJiA dlSrUStinTinnnnpr inconsistency of "i'Ji .11.M.1 'rw rnn-t-- .! . 11 r:t . A u J.j Vi ... .1 n . ie nnest. . accomp manifest the . . r.&J:, who ishments, kindest spirit, the most goodness of heart,aii the least selfishness. Yet. these fundamental principles are the most productive of happiness, both to ourselves and Gene then begged leave to introduce to the audience her brave and much abused sister, Poly Gamy, whom, she was sure, they would all like to hear. aiways . -- 1 1 the warning sent; therefore the destruction of the wicked, the end of the world om,i Mrs. 'ri In these davsfhft wnrM v -- Die saidl ves." wit ii nil h U h Pn rf a nA Poly received of the audience with thc-chc- ers a bow and a smile. dress. ,:.. : ? sister Speaks truly," she said," "I Aarc been abused! I have been slandered, raiudgtduna misused geuerally, ever since mv earliest I We sometimes felt; almost : . 4My triendless and aloilP , filirl h 1 aui iVta uuk frf iub rtfiitffi iiiui'" uuciuy, me comtoxt and consolation 1 have alvvays found in Gene, I must have died years and years ago. Wrheu I have been imprisoned, or compelled to leave home and seek refuge my from mv cnemips trV..ot.n-rUo Vma t 11 -- w Wtrh:n-pittrorxh- T5 - , 