v EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 70 to withstand when they set out to" serve God PACHECO Y. L. M. I. . Beautifully portrayed the need of menta This Association wa3 organized Jan. 1 ,1891, traiuing,and showed the good advantage of a at a meeting called for the purpose of organizwell cultivated mind: especially when a familv ing different associations in the Mexican are depending mostly upon us for their train-Jlission, Bishop J. N. Smith presiding. Meeting. iiopeu.the young men and women wouia ings held 11, members enrolled 2l', average be noble fathers and mothers,which was always attendance 15, Testimonies 29, Bible exercises nleasimr to God. Pres. East encouraged the Relief Society 6, Book of Mormon exercises 3, Select readbranches to hold, Fairs in their wards, and ings 13; songs 8, recitations 3, essays 2, conjoint sessions 3. Meetings discontinued April asked the Y. L., and P. A. to join them. 'Patriarch Merrill said the women should be 10, 1891. Sabra Naigle," . President, Sarah Bancroft, Secretary. h be able to teach I j ) ray e rfu t h a t t h ey m ig their children aright who were bom heirs to DUBLAIN Y. L. M. I. A. 1 t : ! aheJ?rieihmKl-that- - This Association was organized August 15, E. Porter, President,--. l91,with Catharine Mary E. Call, and Nancy A. Williams Counselors, Charlotte E. Carroll Secretary, Harriet Call, Ass't. Sec'y., Persis A. Young, Treasurer, Amanda E,. Williams, Librarian; members en- - : magnitude of this blessing. Conference, adjourned for three months. Singing, "Sweet is the workVcc. Benediction by: Wm. Johnson. Riioda E. Foster, Cor. Sec. . rolled 47r-meetifls- The Juarez Relief Society of the Mexican ' irMiKu ., suing year. Nellie Colebrook Taylor, led and all the ladies joined. i.singing, after which benediction was offered' bv Elizabeth "New-America- ," -h miscellaneous readings 17, testimonies borne 9, recitations 3, songs 5, essaysr 3, Bible . lectures 2, other lectures 3. 'Editor Exponent: could feel, for a 6hort time, at least; that she was a citizen. Caroline E. Dye made a short speech-Emi- ly S. Richards considered that the ladies had been insulCed, in a speech made by a prominent politician' at the late political convention held in this city, who becoming impatient at the. delay in dispatching the bus? uess of the meeting,. exclaimed, "let us get to work, and not act' like women and babies." Motioned and carried that Dr. Maggie C. Shipp,be appointed critic on rulesof order. Mrs. Richards suggested that some rules be made for dealing with officers who did not act, after being appointed. The meeting was adjourned unil called together by the President in election of officers for the en- ing session. OCR. Welis. PACIFIC COAST WOMAN'S PRESS DUBLAIN P. A, with the following officers, Elizabeth Hawkins ASSOCIATION, This Primary was organized Aug. 18, 1889, A.Corden first and "President, with-Sar- ah Ptuebe Fife st zoud Counselors; Hannah' Croft Julia A. Jones, President, Jeanette Bluth and The women 'writers of the Pacific Coast Mary E. Lake Counselors, Hattie Call, Secre Sec, Selina Cordon Treasurer 60 members Hulda held a very successful three days' Convention enrolled. It was reorganized July 10, 1890, tary, Sarah J. Williams, Ass't Sec'y., in San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 21st, with Phoibe Fife President, Mary B. Eyriug Bluth Treasurer. Members including officers which included six business sessions, and one 92, meetings held 94, average attendance 41. first aud Susan .Martineau, second Counselor D E. Eyring, Secretary, Ketirah-JJak- err publicentertainmentontheeveningol the 23 rd. PACHECO P. A.. At the private meetings the following subjects Treasurer, yith 7$ members. We have held 'some 50 meetings, Average attendance 30. Our This Primary was organized Jan. 3, 1861, were discussed: First "Criminal Advertising and the MethoJ J finances or requirements have not been very Laura Meechahi, President, Sarah Lunt, and large. Cash donations S17.35; provisions and Martha Porter, Counselors, Mary E. Foster, of suppressing it;" second, "How to Promote Presmerchandise $95.80. Disbursed cash $15.25; Secretary, Viola Scott, Ass't. Sec. Total Immigration to our Coast;" third, "The Business Progress in - merehandide-an- d d Cash provision-$85.8- 0r number ot names enrolled 59, meetings held ent Apparent Arrest the West and its Cause;" fourth, "Newspaper $2.10, merchandise $10.00. 24, average attendance 2o. Work Beneficial to the Community;" fifth The Society in the first years of These organizations all give very good re in- - Social -labored un Economy;" port f heir -- financial - condition aD the ' iiThe Newspaper's Part PubDifficulties Women "The was not much aid needed; until we had a few whole will be recorded with the full report of sixth, besetting cases of small pox, when the Saints being the respective organization to which they be- - lishers and Editors;" seventh, "The Line of Work to be taken up by. the Association a3 called upon donated $08.00 to the need v. Our a n noie to ureate a unity oi rurpose. The Officers for the year are Nellie B. trust in the near future to be able to make a W. S. A. SALT LAKE CO. better report. The organization at- present is Eyster, President; Eliza D. Keith (Di Vernon) . Hi Vico President; Sarah B. Cooper, 2nd as above, with the exception of S. E. Kussell AThe-S. W. of Salt Lake Co., held its Vice President; Jeanne C. Carr 3rd Vice acting Secretary, and Cynthia Bailey Treasregular monthly meeting in the 13th Ward President; E. T. Y. Parkhurst, Cor. Sec; M. ... urer, ,.' Assembly Rooms on Tuesday the 20th, of Oct. V. Lewis, Assistant Cor. Sec; Emily B. With kindest regards, your sisters, 1891. Vice President Louisa K. Spencsr in Powell, Recording Sec; S. T. D'Evelyn, Ass't. Mary B. Eyeing,-- ' the chair. Prayer was offered by Phebe C. Recording Sec; M. L. Hoffman, Treasurer; S. E. Russell. Roll called. The Secretary read the Isabel Raymond, Auditor; S. E. Reamer, Young minutes of the last meeting, which were apLibrarian; Hannah L. Neal, Elwood Cooper, PACHECO WARD. ot exercises was carried and A! C. Waterman, Executive Committee. proved. Programme The Pacheeo Relief Society was. organized outias follows, reading from "Roberts Rules The Public Entertainment was an unquali- Jan. f, 1891. Its officers are Mary Porter, of Order' bv Dr. M. C. Shipp; address, sub fied success, Union Square Hall was literally ' President, Olive Molftttj and Pauline Naigle, ject, "Women Jurors," Lillie T. Freeze; com packed, and many were unable even ta get-iCou me ors; El i z& Farnsworth f $eeretary!Mary: ments on the Constitationrhebe C, side the doors. There was a charming address loung; on Maud he m'y. 'luiluence Asj Pratt; the of by speech Amjth, President, in wIch among other things songi urer. Besides the officers there are 33 memWomen when United, Llizabeth Mc Farlane. she told that, the membership ot the P. C. W. bers enrolled making a total of 39 during Freeze in T. Lillie speaking on women as P. A. has reacbed150. Miss E. D. Keith ' timethe they have held 15 meetings with an Jurors, thought them eminently qualified, bv (Di Yernon) and Miss Adeline Knapp dis1 9 of financial retheir average attendance, nature and education for the position, s they coursed brilliantly, the former about ."A is a one. port very good Choice of . Subjects," the latter on "Hints to nouuee juugiueui, m seiuing qimcuities ampn would-b- e DUB LAIN WARD. theirown childrennan a consd B. Powell, Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson, The Dublain Relief Society Was reorganized will strive to do to all and as every atjustice Mrs. Lillian Plunkett recited beautiful original July 20, 1891. Officers are Ida J. Mortenson, tribute which we possess is increased by cultipoems;" and Mrs. Alice KingsburyCooley President; Lydia K. Young, ami Charlotte she thought that mother vation, a dramatic reading from her latest novel "especially CarrbljrQ6un?elor;vPhebe L Allred, Secrewould stand at least an equal chance, with gave "Asaph." The musical portion of the protary. The officers and members number 38 -- men who are selected, not because of was sustained by Miss Jerome; Miss any qualimeetiugs held 5. Average attendance 25. fication they possessed, other than that of sex. gramme Howell, Mrs. Marian Taylor, and. Work meetings.2, average attendance 20. Phebe p. Young tin her comments on the Grayce Messrs. H. Kirke White, Martinez, Northrup, Cons tit atiQ, wished that the term cit izen could : ,. JUAREZ , Y. J Ir Ai and flr Clay" Wy sham; : T be defined for her, as in - Artic!eXV. 5Wt; To the great regret of the members, Mrs. The Association was organized Jan. 1, 1 891, I. of the amendments to the Constitution it E. T. Y. Parkhurst was prevented by illness officers as follows, Anice R. Scowson,President; was stated, "The right of citizens of the United from being present and giving her paper ou Cynthia Bailey and Sarah E. Russell, Counotaies to vote snail not be denied the D u ties -- of ingT Secret rf selors; Caroline Romney, Secretary; Mary A. on State, account which was a loss not easily bridged over and Hall, As't. Sec'y. and Treasurer. N a mes euT iityojienitttltates7o ot race, coior, or previous condition of servi many were tne loving speeches privately rolled. 57; average attendance 30; meetings tude," she found that she had no rifht to vote uttered about the much valued absentee. Mrs. held-2- 3. uui wnen tne tax collector came around, the A. C. Waterman too was unable to read her . jf on-han- . its-organi-- tiou . . - : ' n- 1 . , - have-constan- tly "J." V- - . ,!-, - . is.;;. :'r;s 