W Relief Society, Mrs. Richuids however is somewhat younger; she arrived fiom Ogdenon a late train in time to participate in the evening's enjoyment, though her birthday was celebrated appropriately at home with her own family and relatives, some of whom came a long distance to express their love and good feelings. The Exponent adds most sincere congratulations, and the wish that these honored mothers ia Israel may live yet many years to carry on the in the -- . of Zion: work:establishedby4he-pioneer-voraen many of whom have passed away,leaving a noble example for those to follow, who are today en gaged in the uplifting of humanity, through the organization ot the Keiiet society. 0 M A N 'S EX P O NEN'f Wc love the baby and at all times we bid it a hearty welcome. With its hue of pinks and carnations and roses, its eyes bespeaking. the tender-nes- s from just brought a shore we cannot recall' even in dreams, its voice so plaintive as to defy rudeness, and its whole presence so like the embodiment and eternal fitness of things superani-mat- e the angels themselves how purifying is its presence and how sacred the influence which ' ;; its presence implies! rSutrenittrecTnrcrreTto come unto me"andlor7 bid them not." The Standard. Ogden, Jan. 23. CASTLE ROCK VALLEY. A MOTHER IN ZION. MJUu.MaR-Y-'- 120 . nude the walking a little unpleasant, but pionec ri donV mind Mich A light drizzling rain trilles-much- . After our first walk we rode most of the in the Dark, a lovelv olace. camr wav in nur niht J O j and before sometime we had to drive after dark, we reached! camp the bright rays of a huge pine a fire came out like a friend to meet us, made-b- y brother who passed us on the way and reached ramn first, t Snon nftfr we had sunoer the moon - - IrnPA nnA - t nOUA I lA . C II T rrt!! fl t I n IT w t Vl fl C T V tail pine trees ana sun water,awieru gnoswiKe appearance which brought Rip Van Winkle into my dreams that night. I must pass over the rest of the journey, for I want to speak of some caves and cliffs we visited inp-imnav anpr ive reacnen our uesiin.iuun. the cliffs about a mile from the house the girls - m to old ruined casUesTThere are several very high Dear Sister: I failed to write your Christmas grand looking arches and pillars in a variety of AND S TESTER, ZINA YOUNG. letter this time but will try and make amends off forms and shapes; two we named Punch and Judy this the first day of that mysterious, The sweet name of Mother (the Universe o'er) anxiously from their resemblance to those noted personages; waited for Is honor'd by thousands, devoted and true; 1891. others look like large urns and vases. We exI wish I could describe my writing room to But th' mothers of Zion, are yet at the fore amined several of the caves which all show signs Are specially noble and capable too. will but cannot do it justice, I am seated of having been iuhabiled,the roof being black with you, try on d a rock ia one of a hundred smoke, and broken pottery is scattered "around; large Since the message of God was by Joseph declared, ' little lovely' glens, up here in the t4psof the nn nf thm thf rirli ha nimcH th stnrp 'The women of Mormondom," faithful have been, Sierra Madres, name familiar since''" myschool another the meeting house, in this a gallery runs Persecution and sorrow, they bravely have shared days, but I then little thought I would ever climb all round the cave and a large pillar stands at the And felt the full force of the enemy's spleen its rocky sides and view its wild deep gulches, its tront which the boys call the preacher. We could What what courage and trust, lovely cliffs, its stately evergreen trees and shrubs. not visit them all as it took too much climbing, so What loyalty too. have these mothers displayed. Well perhaps you would Jike to know how I after gathering some pretty ferns, mosses, and Devotion to Truth by a recompense just, happen to be perched here on a rock in the tops pine cones we climbed and tumbled down again Is the ladder that reaches the loftiest grade. to the lower regions, and reached home with of the mountains at ten o'clock in the morning And time shall refute all the epithets vile on the first day of the new year,it is a frosty morn? good appetites for dinner. -to the Applied A few days after we visited cave valley, where worthy, by tongue or by pen ing but the sun shines down warmly in the nook -- True earnest convictionsTuntarnish'd by where I am and it is quite comfortable, although iuc i.avc3 ttc iaici , d9 vc uppiuam 111 cm U1C guile' Will sooner or later be honored, we ken. the girls at the house declared I would freeze if immense rocks and cliffs and chasms look grand I came up here to write. While waiting for Justice, we scorn to be sad, beyond description, they strike one with wonder Wei I our old time friends w ho reside h ere came awe and admiration j and we are led to ask The children of Zion are cheerful and glad to Juarez to spend Christmas and I came back when were they formed and whose the hands In spite of the burthen and heat of the that fashiofted them. Surely amid such scenes the with them for a visit. We left Juarez on the mornday, u n be i e ve r m us t cease Jo. say t h ere is, n 0 G od . L.-- . Ve'veLneed to. be just to each ing ofjhe least otherrat One large cave has been divided by thick walls to the mill, then across the valley towards the Whatever is due, we must gladly "concede, mountain. I am afraid to give any of the points into a number of small rooms, and the, plastered And thus we have met at this sociable feast, To honor Aunt Zina, a mother indeed. of the compass, for fear my West should prove to walls are covered with pictures and hieroglyphics be East and ray North, South, as I have not been as fresh and bright as if made but recently, yet May Providence kindly permit you to see the oldest inhabitants know nothing of their origin left Mesa. It is able to locate the sun since Many happy returns of this jubilant day, twelve miles from the town to the foot of the From this cave a deep trail was worn into the solid May your friends and your blessings yet multiplied be: mountain, where we stopped for dinner and to rock that led down the river, atone side of the And Faith, Love, and Truth, stfltflluraiae your way. rest and feed the horses before starting up the cave a small stream of water was falling over A noble have example you truly set, mountiin. The valley?i looked very pretty with the rock, and had worn a basin in the rock below Have shown w hat a mother in Zi&a can do, the river winding through it, with the trees along Just inside the cave was an immense olla,used it is Vt e trust that for years you may counsel us yet, its banks clothed in their winter robes of red supposed for storing grain, it is some fifteen feet Ad witness the triumph of Righteousness too. green, yellow and brown. The entire valley is high, sloping from the centre to the top and h Iothers of Zion, true heroines blest! covered with waving grass, which must be lovely bottom; we found parts of several of them on a Your . smaller scale but this one was in perfect preservapraise in the future shall fitly be sung; when green; it is very pretty now; looks like a And th -- records shall show-tion. In another large cave the brethren untype of the best" lghtTbrown carpet with dark green spots (Juni The time honor'd name of our own Zina Young. a per trees) scattered here and there. We passed covered skeleton, which had been discovered II. Emily Wqodmansee. through the first settlement our people made in some time before near the entrance of the cave. Under the rock which formed the floor was a hole this valley, now deserted, as it proved to be On the skeleton had the appearance of having been the wrong land and they had to move farther up THE I?ABY. the river. Many of the old chimneys, some of pushed hurriedly into it, the sight of it gave rise the rock houses and the Liberty Pole are stilf to unpleasant feelings and conjectures, In fancy 1 could see those poor creatures penned up in these contained within that d atom of standing ; a shadow' of sadness crept over me as caves and dens in the rocks with the enemy outwe passed by three lone graves, on the side of a humanity, the baby .' The arrival of it is an event no doubt they side- and by their weapons, perished whose importance is not one whit reduced below hill or mound beyond the town site., I know ' .mm cause of its familiarity; each and every occurnot the names of the sleepers, but they were those or me more siow ana agonizing aeatn,Dy tamine. I shall remain here a few days longer(I have rence possesses a significance which neither freof our faith and thereby linked to me. mv vis;t very much. Old friends and o!d dinner, we After a short rest and a camp-fir- e quency can abate nor changing scenes obliterate. A new being takes its place among those who 'each got a stout- stick and started on our four times have been spoken of round the bright pine fire I I hold sway upon the earth, another star appears mile walk, or rather climb; to the left as we start and when return hope I shall find my Christfrom the "Old Home" awaiting me. Ja f he firmament of mortality, one more creature un are some of the loveliest cliffs I ever saw, mas letter With a Happy New Year Jor all I Will say adieu. comes within our sphere without jostliog any of covered with green and gray moss, and shapes Your loving sister, the others, setting another aside or displacing the that look like the hand of map as well as nature S. K. R. smallest portion of our social system. S weetest had fashioned them; deep down on one side a f all animate mountain stream,now but a rivulet, at other times existence, degraded is the soul, debased the mind, or debauched the habits of him a torrent wound its way, now leaping over high R. , S. 22WP, WA1D. level over Jvho does not extend to vou a slad ureetina: and places, grassy then rocks rippling along the beauties on our jouraeyv 1 xiescribeil lcognize-th- at caniiot in his betterand truerrselfte rhasr On Tuesday, Jan. I3thri89t, the sisters of the one more subject cations and on the mountains claiming, and worthy to claim; You have" been.in the Relief Society met for the first time in an upper u,s respect, his confidence, his nrnteetion if need of Utah and know how impossible it is to describe Toam;ritinhe"newrfeetrnf these works of Tiature s XJoai TRIBUTE R3t-TT- - chair-shape- ' k - m m m m self-abnegati- 1 r -- as newly-fledge- . - - - m en-iov- ed - 