1 . -- J ..t WOMAN'S into the drawing room with you, but she must ' not pee ' Anhal" ' , Miss Conway did hot wait for her uncle to change his mind but flew: to the garden, and delivered his answer in the exact words. Meantime Sir Edward suffered the most conflicting emotions. It was years since he had seen fancied" that like himself, she would have grown old "and" clumsy, and .yet somehow his heart beat more rapidly as he neared the drawing ; room; he " opened the doorshe was not there, he stood a moment waiting, and growing more "uncomfortable, for such meetings are more awkward when one waits, he heard footsteps and felt nervous enough to hide himself like a bashful boy but Jaue came to his relief, with theNady leaning upon her arm,he was non plussrd when he saw this charming aristocratic woman instead of one faded, wrinkled and urey that he could scarcely even say "Lady W alton" but die was a man of the world, and he- would not let her see his embarrassmentl'IIia"7mece''"had' this-woman,-h- e - a r rarejeaJsJbiJHem by 4 ho ii re, and wi t h - out the ceremony U3ual among people of rank they were soon seated; while Jane stood a3 if in doubt what the next move was to be. "I - I ' make no apology for ray' presence here which must be in the light nf an intrusion, nut Tcome to gpe ak.for Maitland, my son," said the Lady 'he has fallen desperately in Jove with .Lady.. Anna, your daughter, do not destroy hi3 happiness, and wreck his hopes as you once did mine;" the Baronet rose to his feet,;ind turned deathly pale- - Jane feared he was going to faint she knew not what to do, or say, the look upon hi3 face wa3 alarminghe tried to from her speaks Lady Walton too had-ris- en chair, it was the first time they had met for many years, and no explanation had ever been made, and now the truth was coming to light, the deception that had separated them, at last he stammered, "I do not understand you, but I cannot speak of that terrible past it is buried forever." d'Shall there be peace -- between then?" said Lady Walton in her sweetest voice, ,the tears filling her eyes as she spoke,, and . : "reaching T5urbera she had hastily removed her glove. Sir Edward would have been a brute indeed if ht could have refused such an offer, he was about to raise the proffered hand to his lips, but she withdrew- - it from his grasp "and retreated a few steps backward, and as she didJ so, said, "Sir Edward what answer have you to make to my question conceming our children?" "I cannot answer on the impulse of the moment, this in- terview has been a painful one I fear to both of us, I will think the matter over, t,end the young man to me I will see what there is, iu him, as for Anna, she is a child, her mother over again, she does not know what love " I am going to tajkeer abroad though t of leaving the old ruin tomorrow;" "but you will wait until you have seen my boy Sir Edward," saidLady Walton. aI suppose I must, women generally have things their own way, but remember I make no promises." And so ended this strange meeting, without a good uigujt iiie Daronei insisted upon seeing ner 10 her carriage," but she would not permit it, his niece accompanied her and saw her safely seated inside, then hurried to the draw Twnere"sBeBadleii her uncle; he was watching for her to inquire what the Lady had said after leaving hirai "Not a word about you or the result of the interview, she pressed ray hand at .,. parting and said, you are a wonderfully sel ft e - possessed young woman, your presence gave--mdown Jane" said her great courage." uncle, "I want to talk to you, of the past, it " . it has been a sealed kfgmaiijlQngmTB tmtiTmisTopen its pages now, the time has come, and yon Jane are worthy my confidence." It was late when the Baronet retired to rest -- EXPONENT 75 that eventful night, and his nurse had to give hiraanopiate, Itst be should "not sleep at all, the remembrance of the past was awakened, and the "woman whom ; he had hated with bitterness had come entreating a favor at his hand-that she was still beautiful was greatly to her advantage, had the been ugly and wrinkled her cau.se might have been lost. d opened his heart to Jane told her how this vvoman had jilted- - him, and how after some .years ofibachelorhood he had married Anna's ; He-ha- - mother, a affectionate, angelic an young girl, only daughter of an illustrious who adored him with her whole soul. family, As for Jane she never closed her eyes, that night at all, she hardly knew what; to think. aue naa oniy Deen in tne house a tew months, and strange events had crowded nno mmn another until her brain was almost bewildered' clear headed as she had thought herself; as she lay trying to rest - herself she pondered ;upou the morrow, .the coming of - Maitland Walton Jier uujcjehad answer wuuTol)e" tothir young man, in his conversation with her, and she could not help wondering what would come next, and whether alter all they would go to Italy, at any rate she hoped so, and thaUnight change many, sweet-tempere- other th in THE BALLOT. AS MEASURE OF REFORM. i... A I feel a great reluctance to come before this audienqo,., today to talk upon a subject which has been so ably and thoroughly discussed by those so much more capable than myself at the recent Suffrage Conventions,- - and ray only apology for so doing,is,that it is only by repeti- tion that principles and ideas aro taught and nxd-in-themindi It would seem that in this latter part of the 19th Century, thero should be no need to prove the value of the ballot, as a weapon of defense protection or reform; and yet, although enlightened men all o.ver our country are willing to grant to us this privilege, many women arc h lding back and saying "We do not want it. We wouldn't be so unladylike a3 to vote, and besides we have all the rights we .want. u So much has prejudice done to woman. '. A happy wife, blessed by all the comfofts of . ne.aiitHiie-roterjtr- a her children by her side, and sheltered by her loving arm, feels that she has all tbo rights desired and sreers contemptuously at the Agitators of suffrage, thinks they had better be at home caring for- - their households,-an- d holds herself up as a, pattern of propriety by con trast. r .1 u wy near mner women nave taiKea tne same, ' but the time has come in their lives when bereft of the protecting care of .husband and father, they have been brought face to face with ttho protecting arm of the law, that law mado.by men for men, and have felt their, own powerlessnes3 and at what disadvantage, a woman stands when thrown upon her own resources for livelihood; and in their extremity have said, "Oh for a voice in making these 1 . 1 -- THE SPIRIT OF RIGHT AND WRONG. , " . There's ever a spirit of right and wrong, A spirit of joy, and sorrow; But no matter how dark today may seem, There's hope for a bright tomorrow. Tha' friinds may be few, if their hearts are true Take "courage, dear friend, there's, hope for you. How oft in this world do our friends prove false, And how oft dark clouds hang o'er us; But we ever may rise above our foes,, And clear a bright path before us. Put our trust in God and hold fast the rod, , w-- fh ey wiU sufely" fall as low' as "the' sod ! ! ' - Bountiful, Dec. 25, 1890. laws?" Zina E. Crociierost. : . . . TWO FACES. "You can't have your dinner, Benny, Till you go and wash your face; It's all daubed with cake and candy," Softly whispered cousin Grace. Some un' eLe has got the basin,'' Ben said, turning up his plate; "And I am so awful hungry, I don't feel s if 1 cou d wait." "You look in the glass," said Benny, "See your awful daubs of paint; Must have made you sick already, You look 's if you're goin to Lint. . F you should lickyour lips, you'd poison: Cake and candy's nice and sweet . Graciel 'fore ye go to wash ye, - Please to give me some'un t' eat!!' RAt- Consult your mirror, e'er you lightly trace. What looks like dirt, upon another's face. ..' " LULA. The lova that never speaks until it does it on a gravestone doesn't mean much. Romance is one thing, Tmt makiugjan debts Is another. rstllingatrpajir rich if they were not men would More afraid to trust their money. be their wives tush the care of - Women arej3njpyln.gtbeLrf8uJt.g. laborg-- - ie of those-nr-rworker- sr Property rights have been multiplied,great gains have been made in educational opportunities, in business. advantages,and greater freedom is enjoyed from restricting prtjudice, 80 that it would almost sefm there is little more to ask for. Yet how many realize to whom they are indebted for these privileges they enjoy, when they shake their heads at suffrage agitators. The jiother of that boy just growing into manhood, comes face to face with a problem which proves to her ho w important he as-t- he guardian of the home. Rev. Anna Shaw said to us, that the fallacy and untruth of the old saying "The hand that rocks the cradle moves the world," lay in the faet that the children do not alwaysTistayTin tho cradle. Alas no! If they did, the mother might move them and the world, but a few years takes them from the cradle into the world so full of pitfalls, and thenAthe mother's hand is powerless to save. And when she sees her boy being drawn into the seething maelstrom of vice, the cry that comes from her agonized heart is not alone ''God save my childV" but it h"ob, that I might stretch. forth my hand, and with the mighty weapon of the ballot close those doors of perdition that open is-s- 'Welt you must wait," answered Grade, ,;Go and wash you, nice and quick; . For to eat with face so dirty Would make anybody srek." ' rage society. ot-tl- ? ' 1 , V ... Vast improvement hag taken place in tho condition of women since that. day when a EumlUband wen t; out frora a7' man's eon ven ttoif and in a session room organized the first sun, before him!" TEven yet in some of our states a mother has no - lega- l- ritrbt to - hbwnchHdf fliTauclrlrT though th. b..r.Uest school boy will tell us ai Republic is a government by the people and for the people, and that the United States is a Republic, we are forced to correct him and say, ;dn;"r;nmynTthe"TJnited States is governed the people. The other half only by are slaves, governed, controlled, cared for and protected by the half who wield the ballot one-hal- f itontinuzd on page 78.) , i - 