WOMAN'S Sister Watkins, Pres. 4th Ward Brigbam City: "We should rise up to our duties; we know thbjjrcdjctjpiw " of ihe nrophets. wilLbe fulfilled." Sister C Jensen, Pres. Mantua: "I think we have a splendid set of sister; we have been greatly blest of tho Lord; I can bear testimony that He has heard my prayers." Sister Jane S.Richards of Ogden: "I am pleased to meet with you; we generally gay, we see the same ones to mfetinjahvajeiJLani- gla3it" 13 the same ones and a few more; we become attached to each .other; I have never enjoyed myself better; what we have" heard 'of ""the sisters, I would have said; I feel when I speak to you that you know just what I know; we are approaching the time when things shall try this people; what shall we do that we may keep oil in our lamps? all are willingand kind to donate and help the sick; the world - EXPONENT, 15 we are full of faults and failing, sometimes do and say things that we should not, there is so much - expected of us, i t is quite an underfor to mothers do taking their duties at- home and attend meetings. I hoje we may someday be perfect,if we have heaven at all it must be a - home full of that kind feeling, love and charity; we don't want to' do auy harm, we have been poor and needy like tboe we visit; now much we have to be thankful fnr if wn An Unot-hve- , a grea ueai oi comiort to fry to live as one. We shouldjbe. greatly, thankful that we are amontr inose children of the Lord;- - all He wants us to do, is, to try to serve and obev Him;" spoke of the Primary: ''mothers should visit them and help the?e sisters, you are here so am I, to do - good; may God - blew you, Amen.".... i xt lv. tt should e "Sisters Celia "Kelson, Call and- - Harris bore jldothat-g. . . . , r .1 other's fault?; only when we have an tneir bister beeves told how the testimony, abundance of the Holy Spirit can we see our Lord bad given her a strong testimony, that own faults, therefore we need much. We need she knew the principle ofCelestial marriage to have a hujiiblechndlike jeelingweshould- - was true. Sister Robinson bore her testimony. Sister bepleased7 with everybody; we want to feel when look an I feel I Davids told how she was shown the man she upon friendly; assembly thankful that so many sisters have had a desire should marry in plural marriage although she to to of had go enough never heard about that meeting;" spoke strong yet; her sick sister; many time3 our duty keeps us bore a faithful testimony that principle the principle with the sick. I like education, but we must was true though we had not now the privinot dote upon it, tut use it for the benefit of lege of living in it. others, not be haughty and proud; we had Margaret Evans and Sister Nelson bore their .bister Lliza K. bnow to educate us m these testimony. things; she felt so full of love for the sisters,so Hymn sung: by Brother Booth, ioined in bV full of charity and was so forgiving; she was a the congregation, "The spirit of God like a true mother to all; may we. overlook each fire is burning' Pres. Widerborg. ' We will other's little follies." lose nothing if we prolong our meeting one ''Come thou Singing, glorious day cf half hour." Brother Crawford told . how he Benediction promise." by Counselor Mary had received a testimonv. . lew-tavore- U -- our political affairs; thought we should all strive to be oil .the right side whatever nam'elt bore. Pres. Howard said she thought it quite time we understand our positions aud on , what footing we stand. In her opinion the day would come when men would bo raised up in these valleys,, who would be able to carry out the principles of our Government in iheir . i anat not ior.tnaJove-.otgain,--She re .lriiy the fact more that of .our mothers and grettcd wives did not manifest a greater interest in, our meetings. Read a short extract from an article in Blackwood's Magazine, mtitleduA Pessimistic Observer" giving the result of the research of an English scholar, on the subject of United States politics and govern-men-- . 1 - . - . " . ' t. r - - . TjAHli'n w.. firori rnr nrn.i ruui. uao-iirai- i, lww. i .1 ! 1 mine aim mui community well adapted to make their mark in tuis airection. Emily S. Richards said, "Wejjannotafiord -ignoran t "on i ho subject of pol itics. We must study for ourselves. Read the Declaration .of Independence and the Constitution, also Amendment to Constitution, and the platforms of thejparties." Ann McGregor made a few remarks and the meeting was adjourned till the : 3rd Tuesday in July. May Talmage, Sec. pro. tern. -t- o-be '. WOMEN VITALLY CONCERNED. 4 Wright. Afternoon session. Sinsin?. "'Mid seenpa." Prayer by Bishop Dewey. Singing "O God Xo Thee, thanks for our blessings free." Pres.- 0L Widerborg: "We out His "leasSnflte Sister Richards we turn that spirit. proposes this meeting into a testimony meeting. ; I want to say for our Primary, I attended their -- officers' jmeeting yesterday; it .would do every ' mother good to see and understand the work . of these officers. Apostle Lorenzo Snow: "Fifty-fiv- e year3 ago I remember distinctly, the most blessed meet ings we had were those in the I Temple in Kirtland, as is here proposed. Father Smith "presided, took immense pains to have every sisterand brotheriay shortThatlEe Spirit had to say; sisters would speak in tongues, others . interpreted, the Spirit of God was upon Jwepenka msSiBlefm the sisters, Box - - ' us; these were glorious times, glorious seasons. it depends" -- L-belie- Brother Gibbert and Sisters Phcobe w. SnowrPerrrr Giibertr MoHehlelTalH bore strong "and faithful testimonies. Pres. Widerborg: "I .feel to thank the Priesthood and Sister :'JchajrdtxMUig; greatealuponlEe sisters, if our fast meetings are well attended, T believe t.himrs arp r.nmiriGr that will trv Arorv one; if persecution comes let us be prepared, no matter what comes, so we have abundance of of God. We saw the great work Tast .nights of the Primary; do all 3you: caalto save your daughters to attend these organizations. God bless you and your officers,and all thjrit -- all H;-- We of Elder. LAKE CO. Pres. Eliza6, beth Howard occupied the chair. Prayer by Phebe C. Young. May Talmage wra3 appointed to act as Sec, pro. tern. Minutes of previous meetinc read and armroved. Elizabeth Price read a very carefully pre- nared article on Renublicani.sm." enntaininf the platform of that party, also some interest iner . points on "Government," taken from 1 Pres. Rudger Clawspn; "I know we can not JP?Q(1 ur time ior develop joutlalent3-bette- r, - than4n theintrest-of-Zio- tt; w 891 . Chamber's Encyclopedia. Elizabeth McFarlane read from "Hand Book of Refei ence," on the Government oC Utah. . the ipresent a vervJ Phebe C. 'You ns?O thought J . ve snouia aivision oi tne ponucaj. parties, ourselves on the platform of each inform National party and on all the leading questions ' - J WV J I t 111 . I TH H 1111 and of woman land owners great and small who amount , to about an eighth of the total number. The Factory Bills affect the lives of tens of thousands of women. The educa- - -- rimportant-time-insttchTthtre'ar- ti Amen-'-,- questions, also, which women are a3 Durelv nnliti therefore outside their sphere, concern tbem as vitally a3 they do men. For instance, as Miss Tod, of Belfastwhose name, has so long been associated with every-efib- rt for women's enfranchisement writes in a letter to an Irish daily, the "Land Purchase Bill touches the interest of woman farmers, of nay. too apt to regard The regular meeting of the W. S. A. of Salt Lake Co., was held in the 13th Ward As1 . - - sembly Rooms, June f . Conference adjourned- for three months. Jienedic Dinging, "How nrm a foundation. tion by Counselor Adolph Madsen. Emilia D. Madsen, Cor. Sec. W: S. A. SALT Women who take the least concern m public matters must feel that their claim for a voice in the affairs of their country is ever.: thaii now there If is one ton- stronger -icrzwmcn 13 empiiatieally a woman's, it is the training of the young, and Parliament is now entering on one of the most mnmni.,: v PTPff r rpt! PTFI A Jv " iw XJA uu me woiuannood nujtujr cuonuu, rtf nfinn la nnroolfloa' t v ihp, .juv.vu ivog buy yea or The I watched . with more anxiety than hope by tcU iha fripnds nf w.uo navs h,r narfthr pa. caped from the action of a ukase which would have stopped the education of of the girls of .Ireland at the to them and fatal to the progress of: the community. The way -- out of thSJi-fficult- v is for the Government Knlrlftr that they will nojongerjmyc-lhewelfare-of- three-fourt- hs level-degradin- uwiwu iu mc ujuc guuuwiii oi in- dividual members of Parliament, but admit those holding the usual oualificatinn tn position of. electors and the responsibilityjt brings with liWisminker Gazette iErujj- - irarF ofTthe ayraidhe-bad-CTjoycdT-ttr- eburjchren.as.t.hey: grow up, we should chise for ;1 7 years and bad never failed to ex"instilin them the principles of the Gospel,to pay ercise her rights; said she would like to see The deputy postmaster general nf. TAn tithing from early childhood; let them feel they not onlv the ladies have their rights restored UUU are somebodv. thev are the hone of Israel: we to them, butall those natural born citizens of is filling all vacancies in the male clerical staff must educate them v in the Gospel of Jesus the other sex who had been deprived of the at the postoffice with women clerks. One hundred and ten women have just passed the same. vxirist. toister Richards: "we have not been Dr. E. S. Barney had taken an interest, requisite open examination called for by the speaking much of obedience. I think it is impossible for when young, in studying the principles of the civil service regvlations, and will be employed s to do any good, comfort or aid. unless the d ifferent parties, but had not though t so much at first, at salaries of 60. their duties HiairKT tVa Eord should put it into pur. .mouths; of course about it of late years, until the recent change in same as those performed by male clerks." --We-sbould en--coura- ge g -- 