LOVING WORDS. .... The glory flashed from those blue eyes.. To lure thee to thy native skies, Loving words will cost but little, Journeymgup the hill of life; ' But they make the weak and weary Stronger, braver for the strife." Do you count them only trifles? ; What to earth are sun and rain? Nevcr was a kind word wasted;---Neveone was said in vain. ;' be Was something more thanjsweet surprjse, A new beautitude! :" !' The Woman's jfournal. . ADDRESS BY AURELIA S: ROGERS. r ' ON When the cares of life are many, And lrsur3ensTTeavy grow r- -f , word, my brother, ' 7 As along ihrough "lifey6u"go" J'"" To the ones who journey with 'you; If you love them tell them so, The Wojnjns jfournal. -- m-tn- DAY. for-me4Mpe- ELLA GILUERT IVES'. HY 0 beautiful October's flower I Of days! For one consummate hour She stays, loveliness! And with a swift caress, Brief, boundless, holds me to her heart of fire, ' And kindles high desire For the Ideal Beauty: nothing less Will satisfy the heart that on her breast Has felt the flame.of a divine unrest. The passionate tumult of her being thrills , . Fleet-foote- -- d life-curre- nt And lifts me to the' level of high moods. O'er purpling hills she glides, v ' Enchanting day! Her misty robe half hides And half reveals " v HerWeliness. shadow steals Across her mobile face. She cannot, if .she would, retrace A Or longer stay Her steps. In swift pursuit enamored of her mute, I follow on, ' Alluring ways. She scatters gems and gold,- ! This millionaire.; of days-r.iWith royal largess knowing that her hold Of life is brief; each beggar bush With Midas-touc' And suppliant vine She changes to a thing divine; And over all a holy hush Dth Jjrood,-- a joy akin to grief. As now she nears the golden gate -- L. h, That never backward swings. ' One moment more, too late! too late? Despairing love my spirit wings; She turns, and mirrored in her face, The light of other worlds I see; The source of her enchanting grace At last an unveiled mystery, ; fj One moment, infinite! behold! She passes through the gates of gold Tbat never backward turn. carmot .'follow yet The bound is set: But, O defeated spirit! learn Thrf for ideal grace to yearn Is good; 1 ? - " , ak . My coarser clay; tide refills And, as the This rich . u -- "'.. 'TTieari3Tyay , all my being floods, 1 dent; Louisa Haight and Helen M.Miller, Counselors; Rhoda H. Richards Secretary; and Clara A. Leonard, Treasurer. As the move was a new one our Bishop, John W. Hess, suggested that we visit the ward and get the names of all the children between the aires of - fivs a rwl foil rteen yearspwhi cbnva3 accor d in" B v 1nnO a mtacttnrr .tract ilinn nnn WUlCIl lucu appuiillcU uuui n3 was the commencement of Primaries.1 Soon, afterwards a Primary, was organized in the 11th ward, Salt Lake City, with Louie Felt, President- The aim and object of these mee t i ngs s not. j 'ufon today, but it is probably wen Known that your. humble servant was an instrument in the hands of God in helping to bring them about. Although I may have. been the originator of the idea of such a mover to Sjster Eliza R. Snow Smith should be given the credit of doing the most "J work. It was Sister Eliza, who in company with Sister Zina D. Young and others, traveled through the Territory of Utah, and with the assistance of the Bishop organized a Primary in nearly every settlement. It was Sister Eliza who compiled the Primary hymn book, also prepared ..a book of questions and Answers- - on the Bible, two Primnry Speakers, and a tune book for the songs that had been' selected. And rq loving A PERFECT PRIMA IUKH. The first Primary Association was organized in Farmington, Davis Co., Utah on the 11th 'of Aug. 1878, with Aurelia S. Rogers.Presi- - . So, as up life's hill we journey, Let us scatter all the way Kindly words, to be as sunshine In the dark and cloudy day, ai OK elrpoHTogive au add ress I will try and do sotrusting that I may be directed by the right spirit. Having-b?eirT- For the ones who walk beside you, ; If youJove them, tell'them so. 'A hat you,count of little value Has an almost magic power; And beneath that cheering sunshine Hearts will blossom like a flower. Grudge TTIF. ORGANIZATION jnayjhename .of, Sister-Eliz- a be.,, remembered-- as-soo- ' -- who-preside r-J- -- : -- of-th- I restreil - ttt- - the earth; .priesthood and this might be likened unto man as the root of the tree. As time rolled on the gospel spread and the Church grew till it formed quite a body, and fiually the Saints settled in the beautiful City of Nauvoo. Then, and not until then, was a Relief Society organized, the - of-GoL- was 1 PranhpfTnAPnkAmifK Jiimsflf atnfprl tVinf rhpIi an"nirp'nizati6fi77va'9 necessary, ard even blessed and set apart certain sisters to preside over the same. Our attention must now be drawn to the fact that no man was a member of said societv or held anv office therein. This organization then can bo likened unto womanras the body of the tree. We will now skip over a lapse of years till the Saints have arrived m the Valley of the Great Salt Lake, have begun to make themselves comfortable homesund also raise up branches of the Church in Europe, and in other parts of the world. About this time it was thought. best by JPrcsi- i'dent'"15ngKamoung, to have what was then called a Retrenchment Association, especially for young women. This was ou account of. the : ; with honor, by the children of the Latter-daSaints. Up to this time there had been no one appointed to preside over the whole. In April 1880, while attending a Primary meet " ing in the 12th ward, over which Sister Ellen .0. .Clawsori presided, Sister Eliza who was present came to me and said that it was thought best to have some one chosen to preside over all the Primary Associations in the Territory; and suggested that the person selected should reside in Salt Lake City, as that was central; .she asked me who I would propose to take this position. I told her I could not tell on so short a notice, but would reflect for a few minutes. After doing so the name of Sister n as- - I told - Lou ieEelt;: earne to my m i nd ; Sister Eliza she said that wa3 her choice, and was also Sister Clawson's choice; this.satisfied me that Sister Felt was the one to hold this important office, and I have all confidence in her and have a love for her, which love I think 13 necessary for us to have toward those " over us. Sister Felt commenced her labors in this new calling in June of the same year, with Mat ilda M. Barratt, and Clara C. Cannon;" as her Counselors; Lillie T. Freeze, Secretary; and Minnie Felt, Treasurer. Lateron through the resignation of Sister Barratt, Lillie T. Freeze Was chosen first counselor and May Anderson, secretary. ,;H7rT done was to appoint be to Th&next thing Presidents over the Primaries in each btake, Sister Ellen Clawfon, who has charge of the Associations in Salt xLake Stake, asnhe"firsT one called to this 'position, which was in June 1880. Afterwards you and I my sisters, or many of you were cho?en to fill these offices, find may we fill ou r appointments with honor y indeed and try to have our reports time so they can be handed in at the ready general conferences. This completed the organization of the Primaries up to. the present urae. . But the question might be asked, Are these Associations necessary4? Are not the day, and Sunday schools suflIcientfor educating and . instructing our children? Tl will endeavor to explain that these schools are not enough, ac cording to my way of thinking, and that Pri mary Associations are quite necessary. By way of illustration I will liken, the organiza-- . tious of this Church to a fruit tree, which when ": fully developed has a root, bi.dy, branches and fruit, the leaves might be comtree. In order to : pared to the clothing e make my comparisons plain, we. will commence at the beginning, when this Church was first organized with six members on he 6th day of April 1830, (it is understood that no woman had her. name enrolled at that ti me), the help in at the time, this move afterward led to an organization of the Young Men, which was the starting point of the Mutual Improvement Associations. This we think will compare with the branches of the 'tree. So far, we have the tree in its perfect state, wjth the exception of the fruit, and this we all know is the last to make its appearance, and even then it takes feome time to mature. In the summer of 1878 Primary Associations were first thought of and brought into existence, and through the unceasing ellorts of Sister E. II. Snow Smith and others have been organized throughout the Territory. If then Primaries are typical of the fruit, we have the tree in all its Before closing I will call attention to the fact that all the Associations of the Saints are centered in the Sunday Schorl. For while the children assemble to be taught there are assist in this work, also members of the Relief Society, and even men holding the priesthood who officiate as teachers and Superintendents in this grand institution of the Church of . youugen-andyotrng-yrornenpw- ho . God. Good manners is the art of making those .people easy with whom we converse; whoever makes the fewest persons uneasy is the best bred man in company, Swift. Women govern us; letjus render them per- fect.r Theniore" they are enlightened, so much more shall we be. On the cultivation of the mind of the women depends jhe wisdom of the men. It is by women that nature writes on the hearts' of men. Sheridan, -- j. 