..WOMAN'S EXPONENT. in timts Anrl faKprnolna Kirn AlMnlirvi Tnrt of themselves "L-oris it I?" was the spon- and'Jacob .of old. Now our Society has taneous question from them all. increased in numbers and we have been. lhis question should be to our hearts steadily growing in experience, and love of every day of lives la it put I, will-for- go - our pleasing labors, that have brought to hiornrng because I have remained us so much benefit and profit. We number An bed till the last moment and there spent my now, officers and members, seventy sevens and my time which ought to have been spent in our average attendance is forty. We have and prayer thanksgiving to our Heavenly most excellent meetings twice a mouth. We Father for His preserving, care during the meet on the afternoon of every Fast Day, the past night? "Is it I" who will this day misfirst Thursday in every month, for testimony, the words of a fellow saint, and and are generally favored with the presence represent thereby make an unfavorable impression about of some of our leading brethren, - who have him and so lower him in the estimation of his always encouraged us in our duties and friends? I3 it I who will be so swallowed up labors of love. Then once a month we hold a in the business or aa to whirlpoolbf pleasure work meeting. These meetings are well atbe unable to meet my Father in the spirit of tended by our earnest faithful sisters and are communion and freedom which it is my priviexceedingly interesting. Sister Lucy Johnson lege to do, and which is absolutely necessary to is our PresidenVwith Sister Anna Jorgensen soul? of prosperity as her first, and Verona Whiting" as her these .If we were sometimes to second Couuselor; Sister Ada A. Earl Secre- - Jto. oursel vd , an d act accordput torthequestions answers j ing :itaryraDd;M "WQ would TEceive'frolQ our own conscien ces, 0 u r Emma Barker-TreasurerWe have seventeen souls would not be so barren for want of Teachers. Our ieport dates from our heavenly nourishment, we would bo prepared organization, in the future we shall send semito meet the little troubles and annoyances of annual reports. With kindest regards your life as necessary to. our. soul's, well being, we Sister, would not need to 'take the microscope to mag. Ada A. Earl. nify the words of others, which, if spoken at all, may have been spoken thoughtlessly with Statistical and Financial Keport of the no evil intent, "we should walch unto prayer," that we may not in an unguarded moment do I I UU l LUC A.liVi wuvvi,j v tUV Mexican Mission, from Jan. 5th, 1888 to anything that would dishonor "olTr Heavenly Father, or grieve the Holy Spirit and cause Sep. 1st, 1891. it to depart from us. Would to God we had. To cash received from Jan-- otb.,1 888.S55.20-Tthe mind of Chridt who was "rnek and property received from.Jfh. 5th, 1888, moreor $51.10 By Cash' and Property distributed to lowly in heart," whose "meat and drink it wa3 the needy $42.05. By Cash for Sacramental to do the will of His Father in heaven. He Set presented to the Ward $25.00 By Cash had no time to interfere with others only so donated to the Academy Building $16.00. far as He could do them good. Slaoder or never escaped His sacred By Property donated to the Academy Builds 1misrepresentation i UU. ps7 b uT HisTt eac bin g w a3'TEveryi die word log liy Uasii on hand ,JS8D. By that man shall speak, shall they give account rroperiy on nana t4.ou. lotai fciuo.cili THE TRAINING OF A NURSE. d , my-prayerst- . - . . : " ' A--J BY MARY C A D W A L A D EllJON E8.-- A senior nurse's duties are somewhat different from those of thejaniors. To begin with, she leels herselt ol some importance; she ha8 charge of linen closets; she sees'to the giving out of the food and gives out the medicines; when the doctor makes rounds, if lit 1 A she makes herself acquainted with the state of the patients, and often to be in charge of the ward. To any one not initiated into the ways of medical men, "giving: out the medicines" . . r might mean a spoon ul or something jh a little water. A medicine list iran aonalliiH' undertaking at first, there may be thirty on the list, some patients ltaviiig as ma , as h-a- s f 1 . 1 iii-'-f f v i iiiiiuriiiir nuiiiiftinnui ill r.i nr i v m tically amounts to prescriptions. Different quantities are given. drops, druchms, ounces, and so ou. With some practice and with some one to take the medicines around quickly a nurse can get through the list accurately in a remarkably short time, tay fifteen or twenty minutes, but this is not often done; we usually take our time. (A nurse has learnt something of the propertiesaruL one-dos- e ILA.JL , . . ' . . o When a nurse ha3 chariro of a ward, or becomes a head nurse, any notions she may have had of her importance as a V senior disappear. She feels herself responsible for the conditfon of the ward, the care of the patients, the instruction. of the Curses,, infarct for "whatever is done or neglected. The doctors rely upon her for the faithful carry-in- g out of their orders and altogether she needs a gootLdeal of judgment and tact. and seeing that all the work is" going on well, the head nurse goes round, note-booin hand, to date, Testimony and work. 40 average and r.u "of the into stato inquires -" v v attendance. ' th juequt;stion sh uUo - ma kes ier own; obsersaid to His disciples tMtfelieven-r'He uaXelt0 Sec'y. " Verily I say unto 1 will bot drin k heuce- vations. In this way the nurse , becomes you, lorth 01 this fruit of the vine until that day acquainted with her patients, while sbe reports when 1 drink it new with'you in my Fathera everything of note to the doctors LORD IS IT I? I here is an etiquette odser ved in the wards, Kingdom," Also in 27 c;Do&md Cov.t in a. Jtievelation but it is net very oppressive; the nurses on given through Joseph the Seer, This question as we are all aware, was put tie said M he hour cometh that I will drink duty are subordinate to the doctors for the to our Lord hv everv nnn rif Hia r?icrir!oa of the fruit of the vine with you on the eartli, time being, and everything gues on with order (Matt. 26, 39,) as He was partaking with them not and decorum. This may sound stiff and only with the Ancient .Prophets," whom ftf thft last, fiimnpr. whpn thp. snrrnwj tKaf nrnra r1 . ,1 .1 nt ,! formal, but it i3 not so; it is only the fitness of xid uameu, dud wiin an mose wnom my before him weighed heavily upon his spirit Father hath given me out of the"world." Tbese things. . We usually all Work well together and there is seldom any friction. 01 the beloved disciples and told them that He wonis our iord assure us, that it we con The patients in Charity Hospital are the was about to be betrayed by one of their num-- ; tinue laithrui to the end, we shall surely sit of the city; sonio of them are only ber into the hands of his enemies, which called down with Him and partake of the new wine very poor sick of the Kingdom, and if we are looking for and needing a home; they morally forth the question 'Lord is iL I?" The ward to the enjoyment of such privilege uMuuiuiwua se-- - u agu osis. jsioat answer He gave to Juda3 soon proved to them of their 4,what mauner of persons ought we to be in all sickness, as we nurses know, has been conversation and godliness." Surely such brought on by over-worpoverty, drunkenimmediately rose Up and went out into the aholy ness, of state blessedness with 'our Lord and all laziness, and the like, but some are darkness of the night to carry out his wicked those who have gone before,is worth striving for. worthy and deserving persons. purpose. ''Having procured a band of men St. Paul Often when a person comes into the says "Eye hath not seen, nor ear hospital and officers," he entered the garden of Geth- she en ters a moral atmosphere which is new neither entered the heart man of hath.it heard, semane whither Jesus had gone to commune to her. She is cleaned and made the th ings which aGod hath prepared for them ; she love has to drop many of her old that Him." great trial was before Him, but the t reacherous habits of and be a 'decent member of. speech,' May the Holy Spirit help U3 to continue Judas had done his work and our Lord was faithful time. beingIf-ehto the end, that we may be able to lay is riot conseqently arrested. ' too she can see humble U those" claim what to ble to degraded expected of Butrwe -- are all TfamiliarwTtutHiseXact her. at onee We seldom have us in the Gospel of Jesus Christ. any trouble cannoj we gather a lesson from the subject with the patients and rarely hear an imnrnnpr that may be useful to ourselves? Let us A ... O glorious day! O blessed hope! venrn i. i nttvua. uuiot "cvui '..uueu suomii to in ;v notice the conduct of the disciples and ask My soul leaps forward at the thought; subordination; on her complaint the patient is ourselves, would we have acted the same under -that Un , happy happy, Whenjn dismissed, but a very sick patient is seldom the same circumstances? would we have asked W e'll take the Ancients by the hand; beyond endurance. "Lord is it I?" would we not; rather have In love and union hail our friends; They are often very wittv. and if wa nta in looked around that little group and tried to And death and sorrow have, an end. the mood we can tiet lots" " think' which would be the most likely to prove Y. Mauy Corby lhey are aho very religious. TMpv tl guilty of such a deed ? wou Id we not have God mr everything; everything is the will of screened ourselves arid thought any one of the God their sickness. others more likely to commit such a dastardly The les3 a man who won't pay his debts death; it never seems to occur to them thax act? But not so with them, they thought only ' in church the better prays ey might have a will of their own. In onP imp IT:::'I' r- . Z5 voHnktheay"titTjQdgMenC,rvT Let us retrace our steps to the table where our Lord sits with His disciples. The words He uttered on that J JliL' w A w 4 - 1 -- k . 1 ; 1 -- 4 a 1 k, : fairly-comfortable- LIPl.fethe - -- ... & a ? 