Woman's Exponent. -- .EMM RUSE B. WELLS, Editor, semi-monthl- ne Exroxzxt 'oflice,?No. 25 E., South Temple Street, 'wcond ato east of Deserct Nws Office. Business hours froiy 10 a.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday Jdreta Alt business communications to - i'UBLIijIIEIt WOMAN'S EXl'ONKNT, . 1 Salt Lake City Utah. , WOMEN - August 15, - so-th- ng at . in--al- l made-through-organiz- ed -- Entered at the Post Office in Salt Luke City, Utah, ns Second Clast Matter. - lt X a k e City, endure to the end. Her remarks were excellent and she. spoke in a very forcible and impressive manner. Counselor Mary S. Clark spoke with much earnestness and power, of the past, present political equality, there are those shrewd enough -and - future of this people ; ""and dwelt up6h the line j to observe - it, and report obedience to the commandments of God. Sister immediate jtction . could be taken. Sarah 13. Layton spoke of her joy jn the labors Women are sufficiently interested in each other she performed and her desire to ever keep in the to watch the progress of affairs politically as well the prinas spiritually, and'' to take advantage of any straight and narrow way. Rejoiced ciples that had been revealed knew they were all suggestion that will promote the advancement true and were for the salvation of all who would of their interest. The signs of the times signify the dn ward. progress that is being- obey them and" live rigbtous and upright lives. Sister Margaret Randall also bore astrong testis eiTort,an4 the effective help women are, likely-t- o mony to the truth of the work in which we are great upward movement. The increase of, engaged and expressed herself desirous of doin united love towards one another through-thes- e good to all and assisting in every good work. The day was a remarkably fine one, and the efforts is one of the most hopeful signs of the ,1 il. .' ..01f women 01r so rrl green, fields and orchards loaded with fruit were age. ine gamenng togeiner a pleasant sight to behold; the new mown hay many Nationalities and assimilating their thoughts was everywhere agreeably fragrant and the arid ideas is almost a marvel. Even here in Utah flowers abundant The sisters dined at Sister how many different nations are represented in Sarah Lay ton's and the visit during dinner was Womens' Associations. It proves conclusively oes;without saying that the that there is a table, was loaded with delicacies for Sister 's together, such as has Dot been heretofore; this is hospitality widely known. spirit pervades the most highly civilized and en was a much larger attendance at the . There lightened portions of the earth. No one can afternoon meeting and the Primary Associations doubt this who reads of the great organizations were present, to sing for. the Conference which of women all over the United States, Canada, was a very pretty idea, and their fresh young Great Britain, France, Scandinavia and many other countries of the old world. While all these" voices madesweetelody and the music was an" inspiration in itself. Brother Phillips made the great events are transpiring outside, wc at home opening prayer, the writer addressed the sisters jn Utah will assuredly be occupied with important matters, civil, political, educational, and spiritual; upon various "subjects pertaining mostly to the therefore it behooves the women of Utah to study progress of $ie work of the organizations, and find out the great underlying principles'of all gave a sketch of the visit of the wogood government, and note how thescprinciples" men "delegates ""to the National Council a"nd made some explanations in are applied in the national parties, but it does not regard to the Council its design and the privileges to be yet appear to be the time of woman's choosing in obtained through being connected with it. Counpolitical issues until further developments of difficult questions now pending are made in this Terriselor Jane Holt made a few. timely remarks, and after singing and benediction the meeting wasad-journe- d tory. policies pretty thoroughly, and be prepared to decide.- In the mean time if there is any opening for women, any possible chance .to give her nll-alo- Published la Salt Lake City, Utah Terras copyono year, fl.OO; one copy six month, f.0cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 eta. Advertising rates: Each square, teu lines of nonpareil space, one time. 12.50: per month. S3.0Q. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. SA EX POJNEJSTJ WOMAN'S 28 1891. JN POLITICS. 1 T rxiwr-andinfluene- e Lay-ton- Almost ev&ry day and sometimes. more than once in a day we are asked the question, "What are you women going to do in political matters in Utah?" Occasionally one adds "are you going to organize on nationatlines?" I suppose people think, newspaper women are the ones who ought to talk or have an opinion on the subject. As for doing, studying politics to begin with an finding out how few rights women have compared to men, and how far they are protected in those few rights, might do to begin with, considering, the Edmund's Tucker law dealt such a sweeping blow to all women voters, that there is scarcely a shadow of a chance to have the franchise restored until very radical changes take place in the condition of things in this Territory. It is possible, to be sure, for women to decide in their own minds,whether they lean more to the Jajrf it is n old Republican or .Democratie saying "the proof of the pudding is in eating it,'' and as neither the one or the other of these or- - anTzations-seem-dispos- - ' do more than to look ori,and see those who have it in their own hands, appreciate all the golden opportunities to benefit themselves. It is sometimes a good thing to stand and wait, and as waiting seems to be about the only thing women can do at present in a political way, its just as well to keep silence too, though "they do say" that is impossible for women. There is an opportunity to look on and leatn and if failures are useful lessons, there may be some-thin- g per-'hap- s '.'';' gained. The Woman Suffrage Associations throughout. -- theTerritor y ough t to , for VISIT. TOKAYSVILLfe-17--- awal in pliiF and mejhodsjpXstudyJh cat as well as theoretical information, that will be availablcat any and every point where wo--' men can.help in securing good and honest government for all even if they do have to pay taxes be;" wl de . with the money. There are some places in which woman's help may be asked for, and certainly many places where it is needed, even if she has no vote. The fo womeT way matters stand beTewlthTefel-Fncit " wouTtf'W for the Sixteenth Amendment to Congress. In "fact we always haive belitvedintlieixteenth-AmendmentrtlTn- r would be killing a good many biids with one stone. That would help all women and when they had the ballot secured to them by an act of Congress, it wouldn't be possible for the Legislature or Governor of any. State or Territory to say it wasn't legal and whisky rings couldn't buy up the votes and enter protest. Our idea is the sixteenth amendment, and by that time we will, have studied the national questions and the sisters are productive of great good in the of ideas and methods of work whether JUZlotua Howard we . had the pleasure of attending the Re- of spirit and harmony of purpose. - ...... lief Society Conference of Davis Stake held at EDITORIAL NOTES. Kaysville- - Bishop Peter Barton was present arid offered the opening prayer. Mrs. Susan Grant ThelVoMan's Tribune is certainly one of the presided at the meeting; both of her Counselors Mrs. Mary S. Clark, and Mrs. Jane Holt were best papers in the United States for women. It present, Mrs. Phebe Sessions read the minutes of gives general informat:on on all subjects in which women are interested. It is published weekly in the previous quarterly Conference which were in Beatrice, Neb., and during the winter In Wash- exceedingly interesting. Reports were then read in from the several branches the Stake showing the ington, D. 0. ., of condition each organization.- We were greatly President Zina D. H. Young and Counselor surprised at the amount of work that had been Jane S. Richards of the Presidency. of the Relief done by : the sisters especially in Kaysville - Airs, aralTBrLaytoif who presides ove Jv. b. of Morgan .S take on S aturday Aug. 1 s t Society in. thatpiaceris untiring in a nd al so" the "Con ference of t he Young Lad i e s' is possessed of indomitable persevefanceT The -- Association sisters there have been of the Y. L. M. I. A. went up to the Conference to the Deseret Hospital for which they deserve of the Young Ladies' and we are informed that thanks and appreciation ; they not only pay their hada-mos. er interesting time,and an excellent monthly dues, but there are of Ihey sisters too who have kept up their membership spirit and feeling with good instructions in ail the Sisters and Richards meetings. In fees and in many places this has been sadly attended a Ogdenof the .Young Woman Suffrage Assomeeting neglected. Ths associations at Kaysville have ciation and addressed the ladies, also given fruit, quilts and other things which have J.een.xex SisleTnianT no public acknowledgement has beert made, these lectures on health and hygiene, and subjects con- acts of kindness from the benevolent are duly an- Jcjedjiiimth predated by the members of the Board of Di kindred subjects to classes of ladies for some rectors who have had a hard struck to keen nn .Jimerpast, and meeting with excellent success the institution; 7 and appreciation in the different settlements 7 Pres. Grant made some opening rernai kr where she has taught, has been invited to speak warmly welcoming the visitors and the congrega to select audiences of gentlemen only .in Spring-ville- , sheT was followed tion, Howard 'who' arid complied with the request after some spoke freelj- upon the present situation of the deliberation. Why should not a woman Doctor people, the signs of the times, and the encourage speak to men as weH as men, Doctors to women? ing .hopes held out Jn the future to those who One seems no more inconsistent than the other. couM stand steadfast in the midst of trials and There ought to he one- code of morals for both : : er-energy-and liberal-in-tbeirtoiratieBs" itera-numb- ." ' : Ofretffg'hfreTivb'tngff in any positive way, women are not very" like jy to ed -- v.;-T- t " by-Sist- er - 