WOMAN'Sv EXPONENT. San Francisco on the 2nd of July. My health was very poor; on this mission we hired a house large enough to accomodate the Elders going and returning from their missions. Mr. Pratt traveled about and organized branches at San Jose, Santa Clara and St. John's preached the Gospel and held discussions. In March 1855 Mr. Pratt received a number of books, Church works, from England and a store in ban Francisco: this we kept but a short time a3 we soon left for our Valley home. I became acquainted with some i sjeut -- many happy days and as they had Dot the privilege to come here, and have passed into eternity,! have done a work for them in the Logan Temple. I knew this was their" wish, I have also officiated there for ray own relatives. June 20, we bade farewell to our dear friends raGi0..0atlv6-- - 18th wearrivedthe family all well. The crickets had been very troublesome that season which made grain scarce and flour we Opened -- sisiers-jn-wnose-socif- iy dark: eide of a picture, although I" had through many trying scenes. . Ill . I married into polygamy and believed it to be a divine principle, and those who enter into, it with this knowlddge and are faithful to its requirements will inherit the same kingdom and glory that Abraham does, the friend of bod and father of the faithful. I have tried to keep pace with Church organizations, and be faithful to its duties as required by its members. I was a member of the first Relief Society which was organized in the fourteenth -wardof this CitySister -- PliebeWr WoodFuff was its president; we had good meetings and we did considerable straw work, we made a And the cherished hopes of the glad New Year Like June's buds half disclose; We bind them in garlands around his brow,' And wait for each rose; for Patiently wait, yet whether blight t Or bloom, God only knows ! full-blow- ' great, many, hats- - for, both" men7and''"vomeBi,'' -- Yet this we know; if with courage true, And each duty, nobly done, r Our record stands Heaven approved, and marks The setting of each day's sun, Whether fortune shall smile or frown; at last, . We are victors,' Life's batt e won , . - Ex. Ada . Giddings-Park- , TITTES7 a w JL Written on the death of little Vernon Leo Potter, Dec. 14th 1893, by Mrs. Sarah J. Austin, and respectfully dedicated to Brother and Sister Potter. Cold is the brow as marble now, And still the balmy breath; The one we loved so well in life Lies beautiful in death. A little mound of sacred ground, Holds all on earth we loved; The spirit that entranced our own, With angels dwells above- ,But though he rests in earth's embrace His spirit dwells with God, And we must bow to His behest, , And kiss the chast'ning rod. Look up dear friends our God is good He doeth nothing wrong, And you shall have your, child again, Just as you laid him down. - For Jesus in his mighty love, Came from the courts above; And died on Calvary's awful cross; He died that- we might live. - Then let us strive to keep the laws, Which God to us has given; .meet, our friends above,"7'--And dwell with them in heaven. " , Jvunger,jve:havi the crickets, errasshoppers and worms.ahd with all this, we have been sustained and greatly blessed of the Lord. In 1857 we sold our bid "homestead and divided the means, and there was enough for each one to get a home of her own. Since r then four of IrTPratfs wives have died, there are five yet living, there are twenty-fou- r children; six having died, one hundred and twenty.four grand child ren, and a great number of great 'grand children. I can testify Pres. Kimball's words have come true in regard to my being blessed with dreams, from that time Mve been comforted in my night visions. 4 iter Mr. Pratt's death we had- - to s truggrle along the best way we could, sometimes I would feel almost discouraged, at such times I . would dream of Mr. Pratt and would think - - jus Upturning fromaimiisionand-- appear to me that he wa3uot dead. dead relatives often visited me in my 6feeP always reminding me to do a work for them, they gave me no rest until I did. I Wa3 nnt. mnpK inlinoH fr- - Irtfilr-thft nf H MEMORIA. If only in my dreams I may behold thee, Still hath the day a goal; If only in my dreams I may enfold thee, Still hath the night a soul. , , hours the Leaden may press upon my spirit, Nor one dear pledge redeem, v I will not chide, so they at last inherit And crown me with the rapture of;that dream." . Ten thousand b'ossoms earth's gay gardens cherish; One pale, pale rose is mine; j' Of frost Or blightlFe rest may quickly perish, Not so that rose divine. ..:, Deathless it blqoms in quiet rems eljsiani J .. . And when toil gives me rest, Forgetful of all else, in blissful vision, I breathe my rose and clasp it to my breast ! " . Florence Earxeoaxes. THE OLDANDJiEjyYAR. Like tears that are shed o'er the coffin lid, And laid with the Old Year's dead, A r SCHEME CO-OPERATI- Every now and then one hears of-- new instance of ingenuity on the part of the working girls, more especially those who belong to club3 and so get the benefit of contact with wise and tactful women. Fourteen of Miss Grace H. Dodge's club girls have lately gone infoery" Thev havt estnhlhril pretty enterprise. aco operative - basis in the manmacture ot dainty baby clothes. A little money has been put into the plan from nut. side. ;If the eirh succeed left above their wasres the nrofks are in ho. parted-ithree, one portion for the sfnnK holders, cording to their salaries, and one for nn emergency "and enlargement fund. I do not know of a pleasanter place in the ttltv in which to spend half an hour than the snnnv little workroom above the store, especially if one happens in about 4 o'clock, when all trie wee smocked - frocks and' long ' robes are dropped, while quaint blue and white onm anA saucers and the shiniest little kettle are nrn. duced, and everybody hasTa merry ten minutes over afternoon tea. The girls take to their work as gaily as if they regarded it a3 an endless succession of iollv sewinc hpoJTh ikelY?n -- n : Ex. -- . . JJ ' d - would ' and-foun- e. . ims n 1 many nice quilts and useful articles for the poor. This socieiy- was started before the Chnrrh movea away lrom the city. erih Smith was -a true prophet and lhi:L47irHhi0 fTKirp7KnF uui V - s Jesus Christ that should be set up in the last days, spoken of by Daniel through the gift of dear. very prophecy. Those who have held the presi-- ' Sept 11th 1856 Mr. Pratt bade adieu to his dency have walked in the footsteps of their home to go on the last mission he ever took in file leaders and carried out thfiminrl and will received life. He this present great blessings of God in every respect, I will make mention from Pres. Young and Pres. Kimball, but ui mc uuuie oi meir father still he appeared to doubt his safe return. Pres. Brigham Young whoneaveniy succeeded the w nne on' tnis mission ne wrote nis poem; my he was the great Prophet Joseph Smith, nttietn year, lie had only been gone from pioneer to the people's home in the west,. he home seven months when hi3 life was taken in and gave cou nsel and assisted to build Van Buren, Arkansas May 13th, 1857. He improve the waste places, he did this upuntirby f left nine widows and thirty children, fifteen ing travel from place to place, encouraging the boy3 and fifteen girls. The most of those to make better their condition in life. people Pres. John Taylor gave himself a3 a sacrifice V children were very young and born within ten for those principles that will never tarnish, nor years time after we came to Salt Lake. 1 When I look back to those days, wonder die, and his integrity will stand as a monument how we got along a3 well a3 we did under to his name forever. Pres. Wilford Woodruff such trying circumstances, as we had nothing is left to guide the Church and like the star of to depend on but our labor. The next winter, JBettilehgn whi JohnsonV guide them to Jesus, the trreat Redeemer. out in Echo. Caiion the most pf the time. In "Peace on earth good will to mankind." and the spring we left our homes not knowing hile bis life is preserved ...he willgiva us-- , the that we' should ever return to them again. word of the Lord. When we read of the Our family and a number of others spent ancient Saints going astrav - we --are led to the summer in Provo. In the fall the word marvel that they were so often tempted to strav came, "To your tents 0 Israel"! Then we from the path of righteousness: or that the child- returned and were rej oiced. to . find things as ren otisrael should make a goIdenWIf ;. Hut we had left th?m. Through the many lies when we examine ourselves in our day wTe are and exaggerated reports about the Saints that too weat, like them we have too many idols had been driven to this wild region or the ana so many weak points to overcome, it keeps mountains, through religious persecution and U3 ousy watching ourselves. Yes and as we mob violence the U. S. troops came here. -ouen sing: r This army was sent from the government to 'W.hen through firery trials thy pathway shall lie wipe us all out of existence. To save trouble My grace, all sufficient shall be thy supply, and bloodshed, Brigham Young counseled all The flame shall not hurt thee I only design the people to leave the city. They made the Thy dross to consume and thy gold to refine. ' sacrifice, and all ended in peace. We have been driven from onr homes, bereft of our Salt Lake City Dee; 9th 18907 : dear ones, suffered sickness, poverty and at-hom- Are some of the hopes that gladdened our hearts Ere the year on its mission had sped: And we bury them deep in our inner souls Away from the, world's gaze hkt. to pass inWeslelllnllirrtask.interesteH in nne anntW -n- and interested and enthusiastic over their ThenareT lit. the n n v roallrr appy.lookmg sewing girls I have ever known. ovel-schemer 1 - 