WOMAN'S greater and better, because she. added to greatness the crown of goodness. Upon few, it any, of the social questions of our day has the change of the better class of public opinion been greater of late years than in the kindlier and more appreciative attitude of the church toward the stage. This, is owing, in part, to the gradual wearing away of the sharp lines once drawn between the church and the world; Thelarger intelligence of the present is beginning to see that the quality of goodness is the same wherever found, and that the drama has its place and value; that between the hours of work and worship there are hours when the mind and heart - may find rest and improvement our young secretaries read their minutes so very correctly, the minutes were quite instructive. We have just passed a very eventful year, many important changes have taken place, one that is greatly- - to-- be lamented is the aw fur state of morality in this city, brought about through the change of parties. tWnkjL.iw&afflLJta.ivalk.. . miem'r6rnferso"iuarmore' 'houglUfuTlnlnds now no longer ask How shall we get rid of the. but how shall its evils be lessened and drama; ? Not pausing long, perhaps, if at all, to theorize, Emma Abbott quietly entered this field of labor, and it may be without any aim at first of making it better, but simply with the noble resolve to be herself good. And in that way she came to know " r si i .1 . U J ! -- - - i1. . ..w. simn "Mini til Vjtiiirr" inr I'll! ill in .unfit lip w...w., 'iiifi-iii..v.j power of her own life and personality she has helped make the position of the conscientious ; artist one of the most honorable, and of that honor she was herself justly proud and tenderly sensitive. She did not play on the Sabbath, butmed that dav fnr resf nn.1 wnr.;fiin . In a Southern city, where she attended service one 1 . r 1 t 1 I - - -- -- m - s so a'ceustomed to good order in our city; but we see by the; steps the are taking for reform in this matter that they are aware of the conditions; and the hand of the Lord is ruling and g for the good of His people; all the events transpiring will tend to prepare this people for the coming of the Son of Man. See how things are transpiring "among the Indians, they did cot harm the government in any way, but the spirit of the Lord is working among them and perhaps" some of their blood had to be shed ; you my sisters, have read of the visions they have had, it reminds one of the shedding of the blood of Joseph and Hyrum; their bipod also had to be shed to seal their testimony. Let us have the shield of the Almighty around us, that we may be prepared for the changes that are coming. Our financial affairs are in a very uncertain con dition; many are fearful of a great crisis in busi ness.. Another important step that was taken in 1890 was the establishing of a Woman's IStorelon a principle; we expect it to be a success, but it will need our energies and talents, our means and our faith united; let all our sisters take an interest in the store by going and making - - 1 1 -- - "gOOd,"Iam Ijladrhavelara ingin the Temple for ray ancestors; Jf I can't do all I leave those behind that will carry on the work. To one is given. one gift, to another, another gift, let us build each other up and culll- vate chastity in our own lives, that our children may be imbued with the purity that we as a peo- ' r Vi( II llir MHIIlllI ir e sTl 1 0Tnes aid, w e Iiave" nTd"g 0 0 d" i n s t r uionT" let usbe wise, judicious and .'prudent, that we may enjoy our religion. It is our duty to teach I 11 I I I 1 correct principles, and it is our duty to pay attention to this teaching, and let us have a will to : do right. Meeting adjourned for two weeks, singing "All hail the new-bor- n year," and benediction by Mrs. over-rulin- .i,, aaouain morning, apa tneara me minister - denounce the stage in almost unmeasured terms, she asked the privilege of replying after the audience was dismissed and she was heard in its vindication. S he was herself "a" Ch ris ttalTari d lived a life of faith and prayer. The death of this noble woman leaves our wirld poorer in that in which it needs be richer. The power of music to charm and b'ess has not yeLheen realized ; the mission of song has only iGiir-strel- I to-da- : and lessons ot the opera and the play. And then U1C ui aiuf;(.ia auu JllCi lias shared in the common growth of morals in all.ler ready to meet tlie Savior and enjoy the blessings in store for those who serve the Lord. Let us have charity, not look at each other's weaknesses, nor say anything to hurt anyone but guard each other's characters. Spoke eloquently of Temple work and advised the sisters to go there if they felt weak and get their strength renewed. 1 ... c i I. Avus. t? a wisucu- iL. uic sisiers icveiisuu aiso new and d live to wish to ul said, year, happy Home let us anew," and prayer by Counselor Elizabeth ,oieenson, singing, "Now let us, rejoice etc." Minutes of P. A. of 17th and 8th Wards were read by their secretaries. The President wished the congregation "A happy new year," with peace and prosperity; said those who have come to will meeting y receive a blessingrVas- - n? . bly Rooms .Sat, Jan. 3, iS.;r. Pres. M. I. presiding. Meeting ODened jn the diversions its greatest power for good be realized EXPONENT . -- E.Howard. " E. II., Sec'y, pro tern. For The Exponent. HOME THOUGHTS. To make home a delightsome and an attractive? place, does jiot depend upon a large, fine ho"use, with plenty of costly furniture, and expensive surroundings, although these are very pleasing and attractive to the eye; but the true secrets anil 'wii'h'gold'br'siiver, but are placed there by the hearts and the united efforts of the inmates of that dwelling. What are riches compared with the love of sincere and honest hearts ? It does not matter if the flooris bare,the rooms limited and the - talking-i- t- up- - in -- our furniture unpainted," the horn may- - be far more- JHLPH pleasant and enjoyable than the finest mansion meetings, ana wiin one another, Let us be humble and true to our covenants, that is without the peace and quietude of lovinpartists will take their places as among the recogthat we may be able to call on the Lord to cause hearts. In a home where the Spirit of the Lord nized backers and helpers in all that is good. the power of the destroyer to depart from our is an inmate, the husband and wife are Hi The great chorus of humanity is yet to be heard homes-anthat for sickness the welfare of the other, and unitedly families, striving may cease in the glad day when all the people shall sing. the . of for God. the welfare of their children. If they striving It is deeply to be regretted that this child of among r.. people wssnea me xirs. sisters a wish their children to be polite thev are not layior aiso song, this pure spirit of earth, his gone away so new and afraid to say "If you please" or "Thank yon" to let us and happy year, said, improve try w 14 uv4 tittv i i iisi r J 0iviau on the past year and do better than we have done; vjwjuu iiiu j each other, or to the children, for a kindness it might have been different; but only :those who she testified to the power of administering to the shown thera. Teaching by example as well as serve the public know how hard it is to disappoint sick, that she had seen the sick healed in many precept,and showing them that they do not re that public; and how many sing and speak when instances Spoke upon prayer and 'tithing. quire more of thera than they do themselves they should rest and sleeps It was her energy advised the mothers to impress upon their child The character of our young people are. to some luaut uci to 1141 :uc was, iii.ii ucivca nci iu ren to pay the Lord one tenth of the little extent, molded at home : then shnuhl her last effort.; Such voice culture and power presents they get in money, they will never forget watchful and prayerful in regard to the influence ofl that home? Ever striving to retain a feeling o it, and the Lord will bless them. Mothers teach Emma Abbott was yet in the 'rich summer-tim- e love and happiness that will cause a desire to re your sons and daughters chastity ; it is lament of life, and there should have been ' many years able to hear of young people going astray, these main there and not go out into other company before the autumn and the winter. things should not be in our midst; letus implant to find enjoyment JfoneoflLiJb.uchters--the It is strang;e and pathetic to Jiiink hovv-al- l the - inlhe minds of "our children pure, virtuous pr in - same may also be applied to one of our sons is a treasures of learning, of scholarships of poetry ciples. Referred to the meeting held in the little thoughtless or reckless,and does not keep and art, are held in these frail earthen vessels; Methodist Church and applauded the course company with the young man of our choice, is it in brains and hearts or out wear that that tire, there Nicholson. Bolher our duty to take away her agency by saying, You taken by break down by the way. Oh, it must be. that this shall not keep company with that young man?" Mrs. 13. vv. smitn sata oy watctung the siens is the beginning, not the end : that the spirits of joi the times -- we can see the fulfillment of both I think not. But it is our duty to teach, instruct. earth go away to live and love, to think and love modern and we for and advise are living in ancient prophecies; her, and do everything within pray to think and sing in some other land that is better. we and should eventful to our an instruct our time, power persuade her to shun evil company This was the blessed faith and hope that lived in children in the truths of the Gospel that they may and seek for good, that thereby she rnav he this heart that beats no more. "I shall sing my next not be led into temptation, but shun all appear saved in the Kingdom of God. And theo. if she in song heaven." "I am not afraid to die." And I ances of still persists, is it not better to allow her to invito evil, be modest and careful in their de think that her hold on life was weakened by the her company home to spend the evening-- rather portmeat in all places. Teach our children faith . . . . great sorrowthrough which she had passed, and tr have pqwinmth-4hm. iaJjieJOJilJJiaU,heyay tnaneompl --her toonie-mherlacer-wkna"VVJ "that 1 rwTsasTeT to d n h usba her because go away not where, to meet him, as is too often the case in sickness or in calling down any blessing they tad gone beforehand the gates were left open Great wisdom and knowledge is required in teach may require from the Lord, and sweet voices were come." calling her to ALrs.lIaryQark said,we rousLwatch as wellas ing and instructing piirThiidffn7r:lvesriould" pray that we may always have the testimony .1of look to Him who says,"He that lacketh wisdom .j let him ask of God who giveth to all men LADIES GENERAL MEETING, the Oosperm our nearij.rear our cnuaren in me spirit of prayer that they may claim the blessings jiberally, and upbraidethnot ; and iLf haULJb. WenTiTrn tEat we may raise them in that wa oF neaven. vv'aicn ourselves that we may be -- - d 14 ; . 1 1 1 