85 WOMAN'S- A sumptuous dinner was served to the guests, arid afterwards there was- a- sort of programme rendered which opened with a written address by Dr. Elivira S. Barney. - The other speakers were Sisters Presendia L. Kimball, Zini D. li. Young, E. B. Wells, Maria L. Nebeker, E. B. Fletcher, Woman's Exponent; KMMEL fiE - fir WflL LS; - Editor In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: one 51.00; year, copy six months, to cts. No reduction made for clubsrClty papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. 1'ubli.shcOi Kne copy one semi-monthl- y, square, .lAdvcrtLsiug-raka-Edc- h - space, one time, $2.50; per mouth, $3.00. to regular advertisers. Exreszsr" to . office,, No. 25 A liberal :" E South Temple Street, second p.m. every day, except Sunday- Address ail business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Entered at the I)st Qftce in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Second dwts Matter. December 1891. i, TRANSACTIONS OF THE NATIONAL CjQXINC ENr J We have for sale at this office the book entitled "National Council of Women of the U. S. 1891." This book contains the entire proceedings of the Council held in Washington D C., in February 1801. also excellent pictures which are It has ... s 111 jmji 111. hk. riir.t (tir in .l 'tuiuiu ui u in - quite large and is on excellent paper, clear type and neatly and firmly bound. It contains 372 pages of printed matter.and is very cheap at $1.00 a copy. It opens with a well arranged table of contents, and at the close an Alphabetically arranged index which are always helpful to the reader. There are speeches in the book Which taken singly are w ell worth the price of the whole book. Every Relief Society . should certainly have a copy, and understand the nature of the Council in which, they. are entitled to- - representa tion. The speeches cover a large number of subjects and contain much valuable information, as well, as many excellent and d efin i te h i n tsa n d 1 ndeed-onc- e 10 u s topics. s uggs tioas . on;.-v- ar reading these addresses is not enough, they want studying and digesting; they are deep and It is a work that will live, and which mothers ;jid fathers may with laudable pride hand down to thtdr children and children's children. It is indicative of the standard,-mora- l and intellectual, already reached by American and English women, and also' points to the future advancement of those who follow the lead df these grand and queenly lovers of humanity. -- . . far-reachi- ng. . A I PLEASANT GATHERING. rs ri. rs fj-f- WSmith,Elizabelh Webb, M. L. Woolley,E. ht Woolley. . AlMhose fruit in the season thereof, and through whose blessing this barren land has become as a fruitful field,and literally the desert has blossomed as the "","" J rose. " The 20th of November ult. was the anniversary of the birthday of; the veteran Mother in Israel Sister M. Isabella Home, who has now reached the advanced age of 73 years; and those who saw ner on mat evening at tne party in the theatre must have been convinced that it is possible to grow old gracefully.- - She was drpswH-Jn-Kii- i..I ci cicgani real lace and a corsage bouquet of autumn flowers which becarne her well; herj complexion is still dear and fresh like thatfof. most English women, and her step is still bouyant and light. She is one who believes in cheerfulness and ' also in mental and. physical activity. Her husband though somewhat her senior bears his age remarkably waII onrl .wa,, uu fUif on, aooiu lugciucr. me evening 01 their lives tranquilly, ' qualities and the excellent character of Sister '.Woolley, her faithfulness and devotion as a wife and mother, and her integrity to the Gospel she had embraced in her youth. "Her children rise up and call her blessed her husband also and he praiseth her" may be truly said of Sister Catharine. During the afternoon President Jos. F.Smith, who had been invited to the party, came in for a 8 few minutes, and sh nokajdgj) arlpHndr.lhnKgjL, he excused himself irom dinner on account ol The Grand Charity Ball in the theatre on the e -business immediate urgent requiring attention.-Th20th, of Nov., for the benefit of the Deseret was to all on a very presparty enjoyable Hospital was a complete success. The Committee ent and many things were said instructive and were diligent and efficient as the result has comforting. Reminisences and experiences were proven. The music by Careless orchestral band II given that were intensely interesting, especially wi anul.l me xiancing itseit was like a exceiiem, that of Bishop Woolley in Nauvoo in regard to beautiful poem. The young girls who had charge e upon pluraUnarriage nic. ucuuiuijiig iuu uiapiug me - Dootns and spoke with much power in the gift of tongues and with flags, colored bunting. Chinese u j Sister Zina Young gave the interpretation which platform fans and other handsome lanterns, umbrellas, was very comforting. did their work artistically and it had a We cannot but congratulate Sister Eardley materials, charming appearance. The flowers and vines in upon her happy faculty of entertaining ,her guests handsome vases and baskets were very tastefully which is more than an accomplishment and gives and the effect was arranged gracefully pleasing. enjoyment to many. - The girls themselves were more lovely still, in simple but pretty evening costumes, and alto gether it was a unique affair; the rustic welfof EDITORIAL NOTES. lemonade was a new idea and filled a nook in the corner which was verv well natrnnizpd. Th .The Relief of the "Weber button-hol- e bouquets as also those for ladies Stake of Zion will be held in the Tabernacle in made up by the dainty fingers of the lovely girls, Ogden on Thursday Dec. io, and the Young were very beautiful and sold at high prices; and Ladies Conference, Friday nth, there will bei the4e!kiou two meetings each day commencing as usual at Allie Davis, and May Jennings, was soon disa. ra. 2 m. and , at 10, p. ; posed of. In every respect the ball was a brilThe Story," Id Rural England"is omitted in this liant and enjoyable one, and the party for the issue of the paper in order to publish the Answer children the following day was also a pleasant and interesting affair ; the day was not very fine to "A Man's Advice About Woman Suffrage," which we consider of more consequence, and as yet the little folks seemed as happy as though there had been sunshine outside, there were no we asked to have answers written etc., we desire to publish as the articles are handed in, so our clouds on their faces, and the spectators in the readers will please excuse the delay in the serial. side seats and galleries enjoyed the music and seemed serenely happy, watching the little ones On SaturdayJheJPrmaryssociationiof this in the merry dance. Stake will hold their Conference in the Salt Lake Presidents are earnestly Assembly Hall. solicited to bring as many children as can conEXTRACTS FROM, THANKSGIVING veniently come, and to invite all, those who take ' -- Salt Lake City Utah. Lake Cm', - Nebeker Sisters Pendleton and Starr, the last 3'earsof age. Bishop Weiler lady eighty-eigconsiderable over eighty, ' and Bi.shop Samuel discount 5 Salt B. al- - nonpareil ten-liu- es. EXPONENT! j' A Drv-Barn- ihe-j&velat- ion Society-Conferenc- e SERMON. riftr Mr W ft i"rt T Wxf i f who passed away some years ago, her daughter Mrs. Ardella Eardley invited a number of her intimate friends of the days gone by, to meet at her residence on the"anciversary of her birthday, Thursday November 19th. Sister Woolley in her lifetime was quite noted for her hospitable enter- tainments, dinner and tea parties etc.3 ; : ::: : Her daughter Adella is likely to become quite as celebrated as her mother in this respect, perhaps more '"sd,becau'sYTrr'rclay we have greater and better facilities for entertaining than in the early days in . the valley. Brother and Sister Woolley were Pennsylvanians ;and cpnseqently the party was pretty well sprinkled with people - from4he Key stone-sta- te there --were more frorrr there at any rate than, any other; there were a few from New-Yorstate, about as many from Mass.. arid one or two from Conn., .two from England, and several born in the valley including four daughters and a son. of Bishop Samuel Woolley and his wife Catharine. . -- - . 1 Conference. of Zion will be held in the 14th Ward hall in this city on Friday Dec. 18, meetings commencing at 10 a. m. and at 2 p. m. It is desirable that there should be representative sisters from all the branches in the County, and all members of the Society and Bishops and others interested in this benevolent work are cordially invited to attend. Thanksgiving Day passed off very quietly in the city, family gatherings were quite numerous and the usual elaborate dinners doubtless, with happy greeangs-an- l grateful acknowledgements of divin'c favors and blessings; which has been a custom in America ever since the early days of me rngnms. certainly here in Utah this year -- with aburidanrharveir of grains fruits and cereals, we should "not neglect to thank Him, who sendeth the early and the latter rain, and who causeth the seed to spring up and bear nd ' v The Relief Society Conference of this Stake the-richa- - UNION SERVICES AT THE M. E. CHURCH. The following paragraph is from the sermon of the Rev. J. Mc'Niece at the services held in the Methodist Episcopal Church in this City Thanks; giving day. Nov 26, 1S91. - "I have1 had my home here row for nearly fifteen years", and reel myself a part of. the city. I cannot help being interested in everything per-- " taining to its welfare. And because I love this city and its people, I want to see a city government here that will give our city a good name from the Pacific to the Atlantic; that will furnish protection for us when we walk these streets at any hour of the night; that will furnish protection for our homes whether we are in them or absent them. ants of from And because some of us are. the descendthe Pilgrims and of Cromwell and his Ironsides," we do not intend to sit idly by and let our city drift to the dogs. But let us be discrimi- 1 V U 