WOMAN'S 132 Woman 'S Exponent EXPONENT Mutual Improvement Associations were admitted to'tbe Woman's National Council and the delegates entitled to representation. Saturday evening Mrs. SpolTord, the hostess as herend a most magnificent woman in heart the well as in appearance, gave a reception to ladies of the, Woman's Council and Convention. iiT- - EMMELLE Editor. D. WELLS, In Salt Lake City.UUb. Terms: one ono cno copy copy six mouths, 50cis. No year, $1.00; reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail ' , extra for postage one yar, 23 eta. Adverlhln- - .rates Each square .tea lines of. nonpareil space, one time, 2.50; per mouth, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. ' ExroNKNT office,?No. 25 E., South Temple Streetsccond gato east of Dcscret News Office.- Business tours from 10 a.ra to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday Address all business communications fo ITJBLlSnER WOMAN'3 EXPONENT, ' Published seml-montbl- y, . - , - salt Lake City. Utah. Entered at the Post 'Office in Suit lake City, Utah, as Second Clast Matter, Salt-Lak- e City,- , - - ft I it i Sgtr- a net f A GLIMPSE OF WASHINGTON.. THE WOMAN 3 NATIONAL COUNCIL. 7 Z We hacTa pleasant jolirney to this city. Leaving Salt Lake City, Monday, 7 a. m , Feb. 16, and arriving in .Washington, Thursday, Feb. 19, at lop. m., our train was delayed a short time at Baltimore, cr we would have reached here at 8:15 p. ra. Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Richirds met. us at the depot and accompanied our party to the Riggs House, where we registered and obtained such rooms as we could get, the house being already pretty wel filled, lkfore we had bee n .in th e he hous eliglite d txy"me e hallway, just for a moment, the, dear friend oi woman, Susan B. Anthony, and she expressed her pleasure at our coming, and gave us two or three good words of wclcome'and of cheer that we can never forget. It was arranged before separating for the night 1 eo-hourw7wer- - ti nt ed Many celebrated ladies were present besides those who live in the house. The large dining room was handsomely decorated with stars jtnd stripes; at one'end there was an elevated platform for the musicians, and in a conspicuous place, at the end of the room, there was a large flag hung with one lone star on it representing Wyoming. At the other .end of the room stood the ladies who were receiving wilh'Mrs. Spoflord; Miss Frances E. Willard, President of the W. N. C, and N. W. C. Y. U., she has a lovely face and most genial expressiona smile and pleasant -- very bed vvAI iss--S u sa wordfox s he V7ce-PrelIdenranar- ge is in every way as well as liberal, she is certainly one of the grandest women, of her time, or any otherllrae; Mrs. May, Wiight Sewall, the Cor. Sec'y. 'of the W. N. C, and one of the ablest and brightest women of the day. She has excellent executive, ability, and is exceedingly helpful with' suggestionsand ideas in all the work of the two great bodies of women, who, are now. holding sessions in this city, the Woman's Council and "the Suffrage Convention. Mrs. Ella Dietz Cfymer, the President of Sorosis, pf New York City, was one of the most attractive women leaders; she is very much complimented in the papers and by the people, not only on account of her beauty, ance i n d xessT ZJtl rsT Sara uT w ho And re were receiving; and the heart of the writer gave a great bound at sight of her intelligent and smiling face, remembering all her help and kind-- , ness on our first visit to this wonderful city, and style-andLeleg- . wsSpencer-nsTinr"iineviththosp- neve r Jbe forgoUen.. The reception was a brilliant affair, not so much in the way of dress as in the brilliant eyes and would call (they are at the Randall) and take those who wished to go to the White House and faces of the beautiful and celebrated women as sembled to greet the hostess and her the Capitol Buildings, etc. The next morning we went first to the White. There were,however,son)e very elegant' costumes, some artistic and Parisian. Mrs. Rachel .FosterHouse, then to the War, Slate and Navy Buildings, and in the afternoon to the Senate and Avery, whom Miss Anthony declares to be the House of Representatives. It is impossible to best cor. sec'y. in the world, wore a very heavy tell you what we saw and heard, we would want white biccaded silk with an immense train, and time and space for that, but Mr. Richards told us she looked charming.. She has one of the sweetest all he could in. the 'short space of time that we faces and most fascinating manners. There are were together,' and it was all most interesting, many we would" like to mention by name, but so Mrs. to Beattie, Mrs. Bullock and cannot do the subject justice, and so will only say especially Aliss JKatie Thomas who had never been, in .there .were .women lawyers, .doctors,. ministers, Washington before. artists, editors, correspondents and reporters. the Mrs. Richards and the The ladies (for there were very few gentlemen) During day writer, also Mrs. Thomas, succeeded in obtaining an apcongregated in groups.chatling for a few minutes for an in interview next the a friendly way, and later on a part of the compointment morning at nine 3. ny with Mrs. Sewall, the'Committee on pany (for many had already ; retired) went up to Credentials for the Council. This was very Mrs.' bpotiord s apartments, .and were ushered satisfactory to all concerned, though we were into a room profusely decorated uith flowers, somewhat in doubt as to how the general efficers hereiuncrrtvasefveorim might vote upon our admission to the Council, Icecream, cakes, dainties and salads, and the and here let it be understood that there are cer1,1051 delicious cotTee; but the greatest attraction tain articles in the Constitution that have, to be there was the presence of such women as Susan complied with, etc., and several organizations B. Anthony, Isabella Beecher Hooker, Clara who came expecting to join the Council are goBarton and others known to fame, whose noble back without ing doiog so, because of this and works are of themselves a living and lasting thitJi;e follow - co-worke- - that. On Saturday morning the. Utah Delegation their credentials, and had., aa -- ip terview with Mrs. Sewall, the Cor. Sec'y. cf the Woman's National Council as well its Committee on Credentials. Mrs. Kimball and Mrs. E. S. Richards, of Salt Lake Cily,were also with us. Our interview was satisfactory, as we were then informed exactly what was expected "'oT.us." pre-sent- T h - K x f rt t ft- vf PriTrtTTVTf-T- j tt.--t i- -"" the afternoon, and after its close we were noticed ftat- -1 mr iietrefr"S lOttlTjmFT 0U&2T Lad jes ed monument. But we must pass on, and only give them brief recognition now. - SundaylhereVere services7 in faIrj.exneveoven.m ' that Washing b Monday morning the" WomanNational Alwj.sieurial typfrtf-bsVilhrtf-irrr- -- time-keepe- r, , - -- rjpi n ion oirone working unitedly on those on which we can asree After Miss Willard's speech,which was a grand one in every sense of the word, came Anna Garlin Spencer, who spoke upon "Stale Control and Social Care of Dependent Classes;" '"then "The Care of Defective Children' Fanny B. Ames ; "The Need of Women in Public Institutions," Dr. Rose Wright Bryan; "Our Duty to Dependent Races," Alice C. Fletcher; "Women as Police Matrons," Lillie Devereux Blake. It is not the intention to go into details in this ' article,but give the opening of the great National .Council of Women, to whictTseveral great or- ganizations of women have been admitted. Perhaps it will convey but little of the true idea-af- ter all,buf it shall be the pleasure of the wrileT to explain and make clear,to as many as possible, this federation of womens' organizations after her " In. regard to the Delegates from the Relief Society and Y..L. M. I. A., in which the members- - terested, it will perhaps do as well to give you the newspaper reports, until you get it officially from the regular report of the Woman's National Council which is to be published. Here is the statement of the Wasliingtoyi Post, the reporter of thatpaper sitting in the Council during the several sessions of that bQdy; "Miss Willard then introduced Mrs. Caroline St. .Thomas, the delegate from the Young Ladies' National Improvement Association, who "read an interesting paper descriptive of the work of the young ladies" organization, which had done a great deal for its members. "Mrs." Jane S. Richards, delegate from the National Women's Relief Society, in a few words expressed the pleasure she had experienced on her attendance on the council. She gave way to Mrs. Emily Wells, of Utah, who told something of the Relief Society, which had. its head quarters in New Yorkj and had been in existence over halfa tnturyrTherewere ijranch:sodetifs-- "' all over the country and in some foreign 'lands. It .had over 400 branches, 25,000 members, $ico,- coo worth of real estate, a hospital managed solely by women, and publishetl a paper, the T -- ..... . r Woman's Exponent. "It was an uncompromising eneray.of the dram shop, and when women had the right of suffrage in Utah, the society furnished a rallying point for of the State. The society had done a world of good works of charity, and was one of the most benevolent organizations of women exte-wom-en Albaugh's Opera House, as had been previously announced, and in the evening an entertainment was given to raise funds for a Mary Washington monument,aithduoh as. Miss Anthony said throughout the whole ton had a mother." entire Council, Miss Susan B. Anthony. - Mrs. Sewall, the Cor. Sec'y., was the light hand director and manager. She seemed to be the chief person on the staff to a'ssist the President, Rev. Anna Shaw was one of the most efficient helps, and is a most eloquent speaker, as well as being very executive in all her work. She had so charge of the bell and was the much time being allotted to each speaker, and rit was h e r duty to giy e the signage yen i fin the middle of a sentence. JSIiss Anthony would almost invariably arise and say in her conciliatory manner, It v i.l all be given in the official report of the Cou- cil. The President's address to the Council was the leading feature of the opening and was immediately printed in pamphlet form and circulate ffeel' "It opened with these significant words 6 ( A ' difference of Elizabeth Cady Stanton7 " tant." pie IVomarfs Tribune of Feb. ,28, chair, and by her side then and throughout the la the report of the. Council; the following cpncernirg; -- -our delegation; "Next on the list, The National Improvement "SoCIelyi. was Tepresented" byffs. Thomas, wo spoke briefly on and told in an interesting manner . Coun- - gives,; - 