WOMAN'S 108 EXPONENT ,The beginnings of a new year is generally .a. Woman's Exponent. time for new resolves and greater efforts for and self-cultiva- tion self-improveme- of the mind at such times is towards a higher development of the better qualities of the head and Published Salt' Luke City, Utah Terms: heart, and consequentlylove and charity for fcnecopy one year, $1.00; one copy x. months, r0 cts. No J. others whose conditions may not be as favorable; reduction made for clubs. City pajers delivered by mail, and what a pity it is that these holiday teelings extra for postage one year, 25 ct.1. and thoughtsjthese better impulses do not piompt Advertising rates: Each square, tw lines of nonpareil one all the year to its very close, that one need space, one time, 2.50; per month, f 3.00. A libernl discount ' to regular advertisers. . not put them on and off as they do a garment,but Exponent office, No. 25 E., South Temple trect,'second keep continually that kindly spirit, how the world 10 a.m froio cast Dose of News Business hours ret Office. gab would be benefitted thereby. At any rate those to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday who profess to be Saints should make some per , Address all business communications to' ceptible improvement as the years roll round. If PUBLISH Eli WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 8 alt Lake City Utah. there are more temptations than there were once "in our happy valley," then the strength to resist Entered at tfie Post Office, in Bait lake City, Utah, as these evil influences should be doubled with the : Second Clms Matter. grace and integrity .obtained by the supreme EMMELI E B. WELLS, Editor. semi-montbly,- , -- bALT LAKE LITY, JANUAIIX 1891. I, i ,.1. sober-minde- The world has entered upon a year much talked of by men and women whose researches have brought them in contact with important facts id the history of the globe, both scientists and prognosticated, as well as those who profess much irregular knowledge of the planetary system. "Old women's sayings" are not all that are brought forward in proof of great events that . are. to take place during the present year now just upon us. Most of us have heard of Mother Shiptbn's prophecy and of old Mrs. Van Hoesen; and those who are living in these peculiar days fraught with the wonderful inventions and surprises that are continually bursting upon and electrifying our - 1 w-- fTt ; whenrilis be prepared. The -- i. ' ' trirl tJv.v.Kv. -- T. 4U. in tactif.. .toiiijr. in uic meantime . . it be- hooves those who are engaged in this great Latter-day work to be up and doing; faithful to every " duty and watchful of themplv, progress. .... . On Oct. 24, a meeting of theW. S. A. was held ill i diuiiiigiuu, ui hiiicu mio, i,uiujr o. i.Itnar(JS of Salt Lake City spoke'quite forcibly and interestingly, giving some of hefe'iprre"iToBr"fnr Conventions in Washington D. C. Prof. Green. -- ent after-changin- . mid-ocea- ; T""": " nation will he- ad ''Pleasures are like poppies spread.". - . You seize the flower," its bloom is shed, ' Or like the snow-fal- l in the river, A moment white, then melts forever.' : And the poet Young writing of pleasure has this to say, "Pleasures are. few, and fewer we enjoy, PlcasurcTliTjuicTsuver, is bright an.d coy; We strive to grasp it with our utmost skill ; Still it elu us, and it glitters stili; If seized at last compute your mighty gains; w nat is it but rank poison in your veins! l'-- ' .' ' 1 rtoet-- IX.rr'4 law. we may more successfully prosecute the ' " ' work, we adopt the following Sf" ... , constitution. Article Name.. .. A Woman's Suffrage Association for Davis Co T war organized! atTarml the following officers,, Mrs. Lucy A, Clark, President; Mrs. Athalla Steed. 1st Vir Pr ifacfVice Pres. Mrs. Tpi vice rres. Mis. Ann Dustin, Vice Pres. for" ooantuui, Miss Clara Leonard, Secretary; or. Sep., Mrs hh ,U"UIU! measurer; Miss Kate Chase, lairman Hziemim ir usu"w6v'a"'',"7 of thought, sympathy and purposeand that an organized movement of women will best conserve the highest good of the family and the State, do hereby band ourselves together in a confederation of workers committed to the overthrow of all forms of ignorance and injustice, and to the appli: caton of the Gplde n Rule to s ociety, custom and That s EDITORIAL NOTES. er-nnmer" Vile d over-confidtn- " fhrlk; . and... will flivm'!H1i 1'CT t iuu . uic vision of Daniel will be fulfilled,' and the prophecies of Joseph Smith and Brigham . Youn ana iieuer u. fvimoaii win as surely come to pass, and some of them are being fulfilled before W - Latter-da- y caused unjust and prohibitory laws to be made to ninaer ttie luu exercise ot religious tretdotjj for which our forefathers fought and bled and suffered untold privations: But the powers of darkness cannot over-rul- e the purposes of the Almighty, the little stone that Daniel saw is rolling c W the-tide-wa- "J Saints have been commanded m incut; idsi uayb 10 uo a ccnain vvorK, to gather to Zion, to build Temples, and perform therein ordinances tor the living ana tor the dead j this work has been commenced and the powers of - v , , , vjux" cial Dissatisfaction among the working classes with monopolies is one of the. disturbing elements of the present time, and notwithstanding all- the ele- vating influences and tendencies that are abroad in the world the opposite power reigns and pre- dn mi na tesln - a n a a r m i O wrl J v" ni n Tvr S"rm "ZZV ft is spreading and so are the. engines of destruction, a! greater work is being done in Temperence reforms and every day the need of it increases. But there are many "signs of the times" indicative of some great change that is surely pendingi The Stoic and philosopher may reason differently and work out everything by an evolutionary process, but the Lord's ways are. not as man'sWays and they are past finding out and are only revealed as He sees fit to his servants the prophets W-.- s, d the-appar- currences are actually taking place and that according to the Scriptures "knowledge is increasing and the people are running to and fro in the midst of the earth," as foretold by the ancient Executive, Committee, Mrs. Augusta J. Croche-ronMrLizzie Coombs, Miss Alice Clark, Mrs. Mary E., Clark and Miss Annie Christenson, .members of Ex. Com. Remarks were made by 'Mrs. SararTM. Kimball, and Mrs. E. B. Wells, of Salt Lake City and Jacob Miller, Susan Grant, and Ezra T. Clark of Farmington upon the subject in nnpt!nn and nuite a number- of mpmrif-rJ wor. V "Vl-' enrolled upon the record. The newly-electePresident also made a few remarks, and Mrs. Kimball gave some special directions to the held-regu- lar officers; since that time they-ha- ve meetings, and are we are informed making good heights attained. Ol ftvddu aisu,ut;nveteu Tlfe Ti r c u m stances in which this people are woman suffrage associations and the benefits io placed at the beginning of this year are calculated, be derived therefrom.'- - We are sorry we have and one would think, to make them not space to give the remarks of these two thoughtful, and yet many are giving themselves up speakers in full; Prof. Howells also made some to gaiety and lives of pleasure? And not only pertinent remarks. Since then an organiznation the young, but many who have had experience has been made at Kaysville but we have not the of pleasure that are carried on by names of the offiners at hand. seems to have set in upon society and has reached "our mountain home" with its fascinatTHE NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN. ing attractions; that some bright and warning lights should -- be set along the shore, to ward off The first1 triennial meeting of the. National danger of wrecks would seem to be a positive Council of representative women of the United necessity. Those who have the power and the forStates is to be held in Albaugh's Opera House in t titude to warn the unwary and ones that there is danger lurking near them, should Washington D. C, commencing on the 23rd of ' "sound the alarm," and indeed is it not the im-- p February and lasting three days previous to the N. A. W. S. A. Convention. .. The National e rative duty of teac h ers a nd Elders a nd fathers Council is an outgrowth of the International. ad.rrmtJier&iaxh.eck.insome degree Council of 1888, which did so much good in unitinclination to frivolity and excess of pleasure. Rational enjoyment and recreation is proper for ing the efforts of all organized bodies of women, not only in America but from the lands across the all, and one is likely to do better work if suitable am us e m e nt s are , rnjngled M th .it in .mode rat ion sea,- - EuropefFinland; India etc; " "AT the close" life should have some claims and holiday of the International Council at that time a Comtime is a blessing on that account if extremes are mittee on a basis Organization of a National . not indulged in, but the spirit of the age is "fast" Council was appointed and they were to prepare and unless the faints faeeVery'precaution, many -- rreamble and Resolutions which resulted in the of them are likely to be plunged into the whirl-.- ; following measures as a Constitution, which were frool of fashionableexjtjmejiL'aiiOb g -one or two termsT"" adopted to God Jaws and His and command allegiance Constitution of the ments. The women of Zion should be wideWOMAN'S NATIONAL COUNCIL OF THE awake to the dangers that are lurking beneath UNITED STATES. the seemingly harmless current with which some Organized at Washington, D. C, of the sons and daughters of the Saints are drift-in- g March 31, 1888. : away from the shores of. safety, and far. away from the valley of humility out into the n PREAMBLE. ; of extravagance with its tempting allurements, We, women of the United States, sincerely be but where they can only see fair sailing." Burns " lieving that the best good of, our homes and says: . THE YEAR OF GRACE i8or. . i. . ..;', ;.; .. :. , This federation shall be called the Woman's National Council of the United StatesS;; '"- - -- "''' Article 11, General Policy. ,..This Council is organized in the interest of no one propaganda, and has, no power overits auxiliaries beyond that of suggestion and sym' pathy ; therefore, no society voting to become aginary to mis Louncil, shall thereby render tself liable to be interfered with in respect to its . 