3? noes of a lamb, and with tho all the while ignore the true principles which I would have When I have deserted earned to Jjc by all others, Gene has me like I was goiwg to say a stood still by like a "brick," but as tlat might be considered, slang, I will say like the truo heroine she is. But you all know Gene, and I have no need to expatiate farther upon her estimable I wou Id h ere: rJ a ke honorable men qualities. tioa of my faithful and yalucd. .relative. II u Mility. lie has,indeed, been a true friend and wisejcounseJor .iq.allniy wanderings, mygor rows and utrfss. of mind to me under the influence which always ccmes the his of benign presence, encouragement and he which has given, 1 think I must support have gone mad many a time. And now I wish to thank you all, at least each one of you who has ever spoken a word JhJny favor, cr- - considered and respected. I the oldest cue hi thn room. At all events, I have lived long and learned much. -- It pleases me to be introduced to such an audience as the one before me. It is'myde-ligh- t to associate with those who seek to in the scale of real greatness. The sole aim and object of all is ehVts to my promote the public '.welfare, to maintaiu the" public peace. Those, who would work-wit- h me and for mo should learn who I am'and of what my principles .consist. But I am grieved tohave to say that many who profess to be my faithful adherents know little and care less about me. - By such, ray nameiaijomThWiisly7 made use of in a fraudulent manner, to serve their own selfish purposes. I can tell von. TA J xl i il l a astell-injinyi- - resolution of .., aa ancient Greek. fortitude and Jtiut-lor-tue-pea- ee v violence of ray persecutors. I will also make a request, that none of you will ever think of inviting me to partake ot your hospitality un accompanied by my sister Gene and our friend Hu. For without ibem I am the worst creature alive; it 13 really quite impossible for mcf to make myself the least agreeable unassisted by the sunshine of their, smiles, their tender thoughtfulncss and love. Hu Mility was Called for, but declined the houor of making an address. Die Jusisted. however, and liu arose, blush i ng 1 ike a school girl in her first attempt to sing in company. He said he was not aware of having done so much good as his friend Poly gave him credit for. In matters of moment he always sided with those whom he thought to be in the right, regardless of the opinion of the world or the operations of evil doers. He had always befriended Poly because she had been unrighteously aggrieved and condemned without fault. He could JSYmpathizawith-her- : for he was often slighted and treated with injastiee- himself; and somehow, she had always clung to him a3 thouga.he were ono of " 3 her-mai- Ajpeech fronuGvm Nasties was called for. and that gentleman dilated somewhat unon the benefits of physical cultivation and nt. II? said if ladies knew how much their health and strength, and consequent en joyment of life would be improved by regular pnysicai exercises, performed in a systematic way, they would give more attention to such matters than they now do. After Gym sat down, there was a little rustling and whispering about the stand, and I began to think that, after all, meeting would dose without my seeing or hearing anything of mo uue i came oa purpose to see and hear. Then Die arose and begged the indulgence ' and attention of the audience for a very few moments longer, while we should listen to the auie,jearned and eminently gifted Poli Tics She stood up, apparently unmoved, amid a storm of applause, and holding up one hand to gilence the and cheers, began to clapping - am,-probab- BY FEANZ Miss ad-vau- ce . -- f und am en tar principles of the sys tern byjyhich XAVEU KKAUS. MargareStokes, the daughter of a Dublin professor, who has given herself up to the study of Irish antiquities JJIershare in the publication jof Lord DunravenVgreat work on Irish architecture, established, her reputation. She then enriched Celtic learning by au original worK or tne nrst order, in winch she published the early Christian inscriptions collected by George Pclrie, a work which "ha3 come to be regarded a3 the first sure ground won jroi- afor the science of the Celtic language and for its literary history. Her latest task is a littlo - -- VlSltoi'S llritim nnd fJrrnf ff) "TjnmTrm. ' oa a have people governed. How many guide to the early Christian art rclic3 of (he of the would-blawmakers and jawmaiu-tainer- s island. It belongs m the series of art handof these days know anything of this? books gotten out by the South Kensington .The grand and superb structures of different Museum. Following the casts and exhibits of classes, which 'exist and have "existed in the museum it give3 briefly a learned and different nations, since the foundation of the complete survey of the early Christian monuearth wa3 laid, are all the results of strict ments of. Ireland and England. We have It is a remarkobedience to the system by which JL wouId nothing like it in Germany. have men and women work . Because of the able witness to tire th wealth and popularity which have been beNo man could have "dene abetter" than this stowed upon me, through w ise and economical brave college girl. management of our energetic and unselfish Two women must be named who have been workers, because of my own intrinsic value to their husband.-?- whose mag-:- n I say it with feelings of reverence for the cause great treasures : i i. I represented without thought of boasting the ignoble and dishonest hang on to my skirts filled the world with their fame: Mrs. Dr. and clutch at ray apron strings to make it Scblieraann, of Anthcns, and Madame Dicu-lafoof Paris.! 1 cannot give my judgment appear that they are lawful attendants upan as to the really masculine culture of the two ine. They care nothing for me or my true but they both deserve high esteem for and loyal followers. It i3 our wealth they are dailies, J C after. But once in a while I shako myself, m.j .i,. scienimc enus, lor th'.ir niga and away they; go, sprawling about under my jjerseverance and These names will be a -energy; always, feetrwhereronly Tor mercy's sake they would nroof that tasks whmh.-rf'nnirr.brsir;! or all be soon trampled to., death or tossed - into . make room aurance, courage, ancrnskcal3epj the Den. Mercv will, for justice, however, and then will occur worse' cessfQlly"toahuTu shakings than we have yet known. Butlhave trespassed upon your time too long already, NOTES AND NEWS. . and must leave future developments for future I would- - e -- . , , y, -- W .v. T J . hv-and-bv- times" I WOMAN'S WORK IN; ARCILEOLOGY. ly, o - Thus ended the speech of the venerable and dignified Poli Tics, and the meeting adjourned sine die. Yours sincerely, M3 Teeious. S. L. City, Dec. 1887. The school children of California are to make a collection of wild flowers of t he State i , whielrwili ba exhibited at the World's Fair. Mrs. Elizabeth Miller was recently elected a member of the Board of Health, of Muncie, Indiana. R. S. ORGANIZATION. . SIr3. Hodgson Burnett is said to be the most popular woman writer in Paris, and many of her books have been translated into Editor AVojiajs Exponent: ; French. with pleasure we inform you of the organization of the Relief Society of the South . There are about 2,500 women in the United Plymouth Branch of tho Mai id Stake of Zion, Stales who hold diplomas from medical colwith- Fannie W. Games, Pres.. Alice Ann The first woman physician was Eliza- Smith, First Coun. and Julia A. Richards, ileges. . i i1 .i ii fit Second Coun. Louisa M. Stevenson, Sec., an d netn liiacKweii, in"l548r was a mere W. lreasurer. Caroline Mess, speak, Prof. Harriet Cooke, professor of history in- "I am no longer young," she remarked, "and general meeting held Nov. 30th, 1890, when Cornell, is the first woman ever honored with hut on acm voice is not as firm and steady as it has the Pres and Sec. were chosen,from home the the .chair and ".:equal'.piywith--tho-me- n proat other timesin the halcyon days of my count' of the Pres. being absent fessors. ha3 She in e Cornell be There twenty-thretaught conipletcd. youth and beauty, or in the strength and glory organization could not years. ot middle were present the Presidency of the Relief age. And jf you would hear me' Society of Malad also the Stake Presidency speak, you must be quiet and attentive. Mrs. Alice W. Brotfaerton .md Mr?. Mary ' Wad silence). I presume you have all and others. We had a real enjoyable time. Patton represented CI :i b On Jan4Stb, r 1891, there wasai meeting of "eard of me, and have learned some little conthe at n late Cincinnati, IntenraTLnal counselors were selected. the when held cerning my character and my views. But I of the Press Club? of i)v U.iitrd held since Relief one been has Society There a,m. 80 little understood, even by those who States, held at Pitt5burg,PeniKyUiiLi. caim great familiarity with me, that I am the organization, when the Treasurer was. are we shall have good A nurse of tho war of 1812, Mrs; KlrzabcfK JJte sure none of you (who make no such chosen and prospects pretentions) have ever heard much truth about meetings. Sand?, died at. Baltimore hitely, aged 101 W. Garnes, Pres. e Pannie Ike my young friend, associate and years, t7 She wa3 a person of creat activity. M. Stevenson, Sec Louisa amesane, Poly; Gamy,-- I am regarded bv and it is said that after having passed her iu a laise.licht; 1 am evil spoken of be birthday she wouldguupaiid-il- o cause Vf u the pf misids laiFOhTflyt rfefTFiends and ablest advocates, who I ness of brain holds him. r It is ' - - " : whe-gratluat- ed ; I ; 'thc-Woman-i-- Vi' (Jon-ventio- , -- - cue-hundre- dth . 