46 WOMAN'S The Exponent is worthy of our best endeavors and recommends itself to all the faithful. God bless you in your labors is the prayer of your devoted Sister. V, - FRANCHISE FROM NOTES East. WYOMING. Oregon has at last organized for active work. A letter from there says: we expect to be classed with the advance guard on this question. Mrs. R. M. Robb, Fossil, Gilham County, has been appointed State Superintendent of Franchise. Arizona Is putting on her holiday attire for the Constitutional Convention, which will meet in September. Thewomen are hopeful, for the EXPONENT. condition owing to the late rain; we readied Virgin City where we held a meeting with the Relief Society at 2 p ra. the sisters there feel well and are spirited in the discharge of their ' duty. ' . At 5, p. m.'we met with the Primary Asso- met with the Primary Association at G,p.rn. and had quite a nice meeting. On the 24th wre took in Leeds, held meeting with the Primary Association at JO, a. m.'here Sister Angel is earnest in her work with the r Primary. We continued on to St." George, where. we found all well; and felt assured ourselves that the Lord had blest us on our eiht days trip;' and thankful that He has counted" us worthy, of a place, and standing in His w'e Sister Pratt has been very energetic with the children and deserves great credit. On the morning of the 20th we bade our friends adieu, and continued our journey up the Rio Virgin River to Duncan's Retreat Church and kingdom. which is a branch of the Virgin City ward; With kind regards I remain your sister in few sisters at this place (yet. the GospeL there were but the word of the Lord was fulfilled wherein Ann C. Woodbury. He says," where a few are met together in my name I will be there and that to bles?.") Sister W. S. A. SALT LAKE CO. Martindale, .who presides there, is a fine spirited woman. Minutes of the meeting of W. S. A. S L --- After traveling 3J miles we came to the Grafton ward, which is located on the same Co., held Aug. 18th 1891, in the 13th Ward River. At this place Sister Ballard is the Assembly Rooms. Pres. Elizabeth Howard in presiding officer ofthe. Relief .Society she has, the chair. Prayer by Sophia Long. Minutr Roll lately buried her husband;- and although of last meeting read and approved and new three members voted in. there were but few sisters in attendance we called, . had a good time; we remained with the good Elizabeth Price read an excellent article on : Tariff. Pres. Howard introduced "Hannah people of Grafton over night. On the morning of the 21st we resumed our Lapish, Pres. of the American Fork WVS. A. sketch of the organization journey; at Rockville we met witbrthe sisters who gave at 2 p. m. when Sister Lizzie .Calkins Smith, of that branch of Utah Co., said she hoped to (who has been very faithful in her labors see the day, in the near futurewhen she could among her sisters as well a3 in the Primary cast a vote, for the men of her choice. Mary Association) xesignediier position as President : A. Freeze read an es?ayv giving IsomeoLthe of the Relief Society of Rockville, and..as she- - mam features oi- - both the .Democratic and was going to move away, tier resignation was Republican systems of government. Elizabeth Mc'Farlane complimented the accepted; and Sister Henrietta Stout was sustained as President with lister Kesiah Hall'as ladies, (Price and Freeze) on their excellent articles, said all the fault she could firid with 1st and Ciorinda Langston as 2nd Counselors. ' The Primary Association of this ward was them was, that they were Republican, said a Democratic government, was distinguished as also reorganized with Sister Dally as Presiand economy could bring dent. Rishop Hirshemet with the sisters and an eeonoinical-tmeabout almost miythingj- - the Tariff protected encouraged them with hi3 counsel. On the 22nd we continued our journey taking ; people who owned their hundreds of millions, the South Fork of the Virgin River until we while the poor were oppressed, all around .;. ... wbulcl soon have a "reached 'Shonesbut lemr'THopetl'War people ever foundthis place, as it hag to be chance again to prove their abilities in that tor the want 01 room line, and had very strong faith that they reached by uug-waciation. . -- ! -- suffrage last winter. They have very little opWe position to contend with, only indifference. a ; - it' i :tt riicci injjjciui iiJiii viiunu wm suuu wave iac banner of equal rights for all. Mrs.S. C. Hughes is a grana worker lor a twOnsiuutionai Clause. have written to WyoMany of the members-elec- t ming for documents. The annual reports are coming in. So far 1 -- State Superintendents of there are thirty-fivFranchise, a gain of fifteen over last year. We have been very successful in organizing. Mrs. Belle Mr Perry ,one of the hardest workers for suffrage in Michigan, has been obliged to. resign the superintendent or b ranchise position on account of extra work in other lines and ill health. She has, however, had-brave, strong worker put in her place. e a Therese ' : National Aug, s, 1891. - ....... S upt. : ,- A. Jenkins, of Franchise W. C. T. U. - a-s- hort , , : 1. T- . VISIT IN ST. GEORGE STAKE. ' Mrs. E. B, Wells, Dear Sister: ys " Th i nHng3ie wl Eemrfrom: tES.:part of the ever had any land to farm worth speaking of, vineyard would be of interest to some of your the floods of the last few years 'have taken it readers, I will give you a sketch of a trip away, leaving the people with but poor prospmade by President Anna L.Ivinsand Counthe future; they certainly deserve ects-for selors to the sisters of the organizations in the credit for their staying qualities. Eastern part of St.' George Stake of Zion. At 2 p. m. we held a meeting with the good We started from St. George on the 17th of sisters of Shonesburg and reorganized a Relief July and held a meeting, with the Relief Society Society with Sister Emily De Mill as President of Washington ward at 10, a. m. the same day; and Fidelia De Mill as 1st and Jemima Beate and as there was a vacancy in the presidency as 2nd Counselors. This place being at the of this society, Sister Mc'Crevey was the choice end of the road, we were obliged to turn back of the sisters as 2nd. Counselor to President down the River to the North Fork, which we Susan F. Chidester, we had an enjoyable time; followed up to Spring Dale, which we found to the sisters appeared to be glad of a visit and be a most romantic spot; surrounded as it is were encouraged in the discharge of their duties. by crags and peaks, and this branch of the iiuer paruiKiug 01 luueu we uruvo 10 xj arris-bur- Virgin seems to bejess fickl a as it allows the" "this is, a b7anch"'.bf the 'Leeda wardTtEe land along its banks to xemain in undisturbed Society is in charge' of Sister Laney repose; while the husbandman gathers its who is nearly discouraged, on account of so abundant yield of lucerne. It is astonishing sa to think how the people have sustained them many people moving away, but expresses Our willingness to' continue. meeting was 'selves on this river; their land in many in- held at 3 p. m. and was well attend ed After -- stan ces partaking of the hospitality of Sister Laney, them notnmg but their, garden or orchard; we continued our journey to Leeds, where we some have turned their attention to stock while Mc'Mullens. At others have moved away; many more are fixspent the night at Bishop 10 a. m the next morning we met with the ing to go. Thus situated many people ears "hinriertotf &isttjrsofIedsrwhoarepresided-over- b Sifter Anna Wilkenson, this sister is in poor life afresh; yet withal theseikeraMBegia" discouraging cirhealth. Notwithstanding the sinallness of the cumstances "we found all happy and full of hope, settlement the sisters turned out well aud we because of the revelations of the Holy Spirit had a good meeting; at the close of which we that they are in possession of. made our way to Toquerville, where wirbelpV T We held meeting with' the Relief Societv atiother meetiug, Sister Ikinghurst who prepresidedjoyer by Bkter Gifford and had a nice sides over the Society at this place, was trom time; also talked to the children of the Primary had with time a the btit'we sisters good home, they regretted that we could not stay longer. ha are all desirous of doing their duty. We returned to Rockville where we were enthe 19th Oh the inst., following windings of tertained by Bishop Hirshe and family, who which leads Nephi's Twist, up' from the did all in their power for our comfort. ' Leverkin, we found the road in pretty good On.our return to Toquerville on the 23rd g; ; lit-lie- f , " -b- vv eing-entirely- washed-awayHeav- fn Dr. Maggie &. Shipp was deeidedly -- Derao-cratic in her views, said she did not feel qualified to discuss the political questions of the day, to any great extent, but. felt that she would like to" see the majority benefited. Thought it best to resign her position as one of, the Ex. Com., as she did not have time to attend to that, with her numerous other ; duties. But after some discussion, decided to continue on, for the present. Phebe Y. Beatie thought there was good in both forms of government, thought the Tariff, did not create so much difference between rich and poor as the ability of different individual to get along in the world, as some would get rich, where others, under like conditions, would remain poor. Zina D. H. Young made a brief speech, 1 giving some or her views 01 the questions under discussion. Pres. Howard invited any of the ladies in the hall who wished to do so, r to speak; - Dr. E. S. Barney said; she had for many of the sexes. years ad vocated the Jane Freeze said she was heart and soul with the ladies, jjr favor of equal rights thought we should look at both sides carefully' before deciding our course, but she had. a . , on leaning towards Democracy. Dr. Shipp did not wish to be understood, as wishing to resignher position on Ex. Com., from a Jack oLinterest in the cause, as it had her hearty support, but purely, from want of time to attend to the duties thereof. M. Isabella Home speaking of the Tariff, thought that the Almighty had so ordained affairs in this world, that no nation, could be ' . independent of the others. Sarah M. Kimball, said we are engaged m - 