EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 153 pleased with the meeting, and gave words of counsel and encouragement. Choir sang "Dojcology. ' Benediction by C. Pulsipher. Annie M. Alger, Pres. '. ST. JO FIN 8 STAKE. Conference of the Relief Society of the St. John's Stake of Zion. convened, in the upper room of the Tithing Office, at St. John s Mar. ,7th, 1891, Pres. E. L. S. Udall presiding. CoDgregatioirsairg,No wie iraTTej oiceriir-t- h e; day rot- - salvatiou." : rrayer by- - Counselor Frances White. Con cremation sanir. "How firm a foundation ye saints "of the Lord." After readingreports and presenting officers, the remaining time was occupied by the following speakers: Pres. E. L. S. Udall, Mary' E. 13. Farr, Mary Farr, Counselor.. Margaret Ieeiuan--..aiiWm E. Patterson, " Gibbons, of the Stake Presidency, arid Coun-gelo- r ;J Frances White. The; subjects, spoken of. were prayer, the vision of Nepiij, bearing of testimony, influv ence of mothers over their children, condition of woman among the nations ot the earth showing the difference between us and them, regarding our advantage over them. Pres. E. S. Udall after making some timely remarks regarding theduties of K. S. presidents, read an article from the Gazette, on the "Woman Suffrage Bill" now before the" Territorial-Le- g islature. Ihe meeting was a very interesting and instructive one, the remarks being ac companied by that Holy Spirit which" briugs .. soul.- - ... peace and joy to the ' E.K d : , Mary E. B. Farr, Sec. N. A. W. S. A. OF UTAH TER. them and, women work that is suitable to them v Women ought to have more time to read and get acquainted with- the world as men do. Colored men are given the franchise, but white women,1' the mothers of superior men, are not allowed to judge of the laws. Suffrage for them must and is now coming. -the step Wyoming will be iramortalized-b- y the in franchise taken has it to granting and Regulations of the W. S. A., of Utah, say that such committee shall consist of not Jess than five. Thereupon, on motion of Emily Richards, Theresa Hills and May Talmage were reinstated is members of the executive board lor the Central Committee. The subjects of, the rights and privileges of s: the officers of the and the membership wrere discussed at some length, Un motion the meeting adjourned. - auxiliary-association- " SENI-ANNUA- , CONVENTION. L -b- On - April3rd, ISOlr at- - 2- - p.m.Y inLthe Assembly Hall, the Utah Woman's Suffrage Association met in the Territoral Convention. Caroline,Dye,having been appointed chaplain,' opened with' prayer. President. Kimball was in the chair. The minutes of the convention held in Oct. .and accepted .Zina D.. H. .L1890,"wefe-rea- d i oung, Jane . Richards," Eathsheba V . Smith, M; I. Home, Emraeline , B Weils, Elinina S.'Taylor and Maria Y. Dougall were made honorary i President b. M. Kimball spoke on the re ception the delegates received -- at Washington, .: and how the 1500 names from Utah paved the way for their cordial reception.. Lmily S. Richards alsospokeon her visit, to Washington, and on the part that the women " are going to take at the World's Fair. Jbllen Jakeman . president of the ban pete County organization, made some remarks on the plan of the work carried on in the associa- 7 lions in that county. Lucy A. Clark, president of the -- Davis County organization, spoke on the necessity, of Studying, the laws of the country, also, the interest taken by the ; men of Davis County in : the association. Miss Viola Pratt sang a very appropriate is - the-franch- ave-andexercie ise A short time before" the death of Henry Warde Beecher, he was asked the question, "Shall ministers participate in politics?" He . he answered that 'the reason politics had got to such a low condition was that ministers had been excluded from them. , The .next., speaker was Dr. Seymour B. Young, who read a poem in honor of Wyoming: and gave his views of the woman question; in a very lucid and'Comprehensive'manher. ihe Convention then adjourned tor six months, Benediction was pronounced by Mrw Packard. . - : vice-president- s. r -- ---- -- "Ada Croxall, Sec. EEPORT OF, TKEASURER M1S3 MARGIE DWYER. From Oct. 3, 1890, to April 3 1891.' Balance on hand from last report, - - 33,60 - 355.90 Receipts during the half year, - - - 389,50 Total, - - - - - Disbursements during the half year," - - 377,00 - 12.50 Balance cash on hand, , - . . It a minority that- rules in.thej country because there is only a minority that women: : . ,v- 389,50 . m : MEMORIAM. : An executive session of the Utah W. S. A. was Held Aprir 3ri&)li 'atTlO''"'''' '!!! tBe' y00 . ...... ..,r ' v The subject oi? the following brief' memoir, bister Hannah Jackson Allen, was born at Gool, Lincolnshire, England, Jan. 29th, 1825, wa3 married to W. L. N. Allen, of England August, 14th; 1 848. Recievedrthe gospel which her husband 7 had prerioTisly recieved and was baptized By EldeF Hugh Findlay of Glasgow, Scotland then President district known as the- Hull .'' v.... . President Kimball introduced Hon. F. M. Lyman, by relating in a happy manner her ex perience in making her first suffrage speech in Tooele, when he invited her to address a --large Assembly Hall. Salt Lake City. Mrs. Pheobe Y. Beatie presiding. Prayer was offered by Kingston-upon-Hull- ,- Mr M..Mitchell., fhe minutes of the execu-- , tive tension of the Association held Oct. 3, congregation on that ;8ubject.77T"'""";":."":''" 1890, were read and accepted. JChe Treasurer-gav- e -1 ion J? . M rar ad d ressing t he con- her rerort which was accepted. vention said have been an advocate of Mrs. Hannah Dunkley, a representative suffrage for women as long as I can remember from Utah Couuty, reported that the organiza1 took an active part in our legislature when. Conference. . w ; tions in that section were in a favorable Conthe effort was made to extend to women's privi 3y nature Mrs. Allen was ardent and dition and much interest was taken in them; leges in tne matter ot suttrage, which the ladies, impulsive, sociable and sympathic, hence her that three auxiliary branches had recently then possessad. I have heard-thsubject home at once became the main centre of the been organized, jnakjnginallreight -- branches tal ked against, burthe' severest opponents toT!t branch, of which her husband was the loved in that county, while there were still other have been women, not men. In 1885, when I and respected 'President. Round this.centre branches waiting to be organized. was returning from Mexico, I met a highly the; Saints gathered from all "points of tke A. Clark Davis Lucy intellectual ladv, with whom I had much con represented County large Conference, for here was open hoiise to There are four branches in that county and versation. She considered ' it impossible for i all "the honest of heart," and whole s'ouled others would be organized. In Farmington women to ue placed on the same plane as man welcome to such a3 McamQ in the name'of the L the gentlemen had been working with the ladies. for many reasons. Salt Lake County was represented by Dr. I think there is no reason that ' can be held Her heart went to the Missionaries, Ellen Jakeman was arainst woman s suffrage that caunot be held both native and especially Maggie C. Shipp. foreign. She - realized pain-ful- ly present in "beha against men s suffrage. The fact that suffrafrft their great self denial, and the hardships there are ten branches all successfully studymight be given toVomen does not mean that to which they were subjected. Thus her ing the subjects pertaining lo the work. they must hold office There are but few men home was in cottage very deed to them a Emily Richards ' represented Weber County. that hold office compared to the whole army haven of rest, and its hospitable hearth the Pres. Kimball stated that Sanpete was the of men; men seek offices because ther are altar where they offered up their c songs of. first to respond to the .call for names and that lucrative;-but 1 are not to they Compelled accept praise, and thanksgiving, and from which , it furnished most of the names sent to Washuuit-eauu women wouia nave.; that same they, went forth as ttuj giants refreshed with hew ington, a large portion of them being men of privilege declining one. The granting of wine, And to their credit be it spoken, Sarah A.'Fullmer, Pres. of the W. S. A., in the franchise means everything to women and there are some in the land today who.raindful Emery County, reported the condition of the office holding is a little thing; it is to men of these things speak of her still as 'Dear associations there. ; r and women on equal ground. I do notputthink Sister Allen." V Mrs. Mary Ann Webb, President at Lehi, failures in office would be so She was a woman of few words.but full of frequent' among said the W. S. A. there had, been organized women as among men, and if women had the lees Dei1 deeds, of love and , charity." Sher for one and a half years and the members . coTTectioasat-woul,fVanise::re-aremany: well:and to the full her mission rmrherr numbered 110. be made m the laws. Woman bein d native land, and carried with her the grateful - Emily Richards suggested that gentlemen of this right tends to make her deprived more love of all hearts, when, on the 7th of Jab., ' be asked to join the association, and she beeffeminate, she is prohibited from participat1853, accompanied by her husband, and .first lieved that men would accord us all the rights' in political matters and is kept in a subdued ing born child, an infant son of eight weeks, she we would ask for. (Applause) Miscellane.; condition. started out for the gathering: place of the ous business being next in order, Maria Y. snoum nave fuuicu, xuuicYP, equal rights Saints," where they arrived on the 12th' ' oft Dougall called attention to the fact that the . fTI wiin TnflTl I 1 nri . -- ouujUiuai wajes vV equa of employments arfi ftnItMa .10iDij, aiter a irvin lournev , majority t... sisted of ,but three persons while .the ' m s . our 01 ; iue cjLicut aiameter giooe,-. wnu . r them, let men u.jj av i t i. riot . . ! r -- of-th- e - , ; ; , r-:- :-:..-i f . ? -- . : . . -- ..--j- -j. Auc-rvcv.-iu- , - - . . By-law- uo .J .s. ., - . r 1 - . " ....- -' I . SK1 ..WUlt.aUUlCn LLO.U: l,(il"J ...... LLLl ULklLXJL 4.-- - 