163 RETURN LOVE. t ... uons A. unu he They had a quarreland shese.nl. His' letters back neit day, His ring and all his presents went To him without delay. ' ' ihereiure, uo boy can cast a ballot m twemonyjearsjMBut-themr- l Hy uu 1U. "years until sue vet never reaeh her nnlir And majority. yet although a woman never scows up, it she nave a son that goes irom the whole region round about goes astray, up the cry, why didn t hi mother train him better?" I he next cla-- s of political mutes are aliens. uui a residence or live years endows them with the faculty of speech.-and- ' in fhl-- naen tna liUUfind l -- , that every politician practically hasvuull his advert uui -- luii science ot American politics taught in one lesson," and that lesson so simple that a fool may understand it. More seventy-one,an- il d 4 "Pray send my kissess back to me," He wrote,'CouId you forget them?'.'- J AN OBSTACLE. iiat-ic- ui with compliments of the Woman's Press t Presented Association as a souvenir, of an evening with Charlotte Perkins Stetson, at Irving Hall, San Francisco, April 10. jSqi. was climbing up a mountaiiTpiuTv With many things to do; Important business of my own And other people's too; ... When i ran against aTreju(fice"J""a'T: That quite cut off the view. r -- I . ' . L Mw work was such as could not wait, My path quite clearly showed, My strength and time were limited, I carried quite a load, . And there was hulking Prejudice ' Sat all across the road. . . . So then I reasoned quietly With that colossal mule; -- My ti me was shorty no other path, The mountain winds were cool . I argued like a Solomon He sat there like a fool The V. S. A. of iMillard 'Oo.. nver whir-I have the honor to nreside: and' which I was delegated to rcpresentarthe"N.A.W.S.Conven-tion- . is one of which I am nroud. and I think justly so, for we have a large membership list, h are held, whereubjects are discussed of deep. interest to the hiVher education, and better social status of woman. In the two vears of mv presidencv have met but- four individuals a y I belonrrinfr them-- . to the countv who exrressed . . i j pelves, onoosed to woman havinaro-- the full nVht o .to. the suffrage aud equal rights in all social " uu yuiiuuui uianera wim mvu, auu call ourselves the Woman Suffrage Asso ciation, we take a broader, more liberal view, and ask that the same rk'ht should be ex tended to every citizen of every country, independent of creed or color. And while much is written, aud said about the Indian; and his right to the suffrage of which many would debar him, we would freelv accord to him all - we the rights. as womenr demand for our- U j selves. Is he not the iiyhtful owner of the soil of America? are we the intruders, or is he? surelv we are the usurDers: he was here when Columbus landed, and for how long before who shall attempt to sav. It is fashionable to laugh ignorance and sneer at his primitive manners. How loner is it, since the un tutored ancestors of our vaunted civilization were as rude and uncultured as he?. Immense sums are annuallv expended upon foreign missions- - let some of thir mission work be done at home;- devote some .of the funds . tot tne clothing andeducatingjjltheied man." Have him' taught a trade, or otherwise this land wcmeit.of should he kneaded employ him, and he will soon be able to clothe why;tbe wholesale into the same batch with him is himself, and provide for his own wants, beup one of the things in the philosophy of the come a useful member of society; and repay American politics that passeth all underus many times over for what we have dono standing," all1 the statistics show that our for him. The negro is "another stumbling prisons are filled with male criminals,with only block, and to many. Has he not alone here and there of the other sex. Is this ready suffered enough at the hands of the the reason women are placed in the same list? white man? "should not his freedom be full in this Fifth, complimentary catalogue and complete? it was dear enough purchased, comes the lunatic. The mancr woman whose- let us not. curtail it. Freedom should be given -with no niggard hand. Make the quaiifiea- reasoning power is destroyed, has, surely no . v i i But are all nuua l auurage power. right to the au euucauonai one, to iutj American women lunatics, or first cousins to the extent Wyoming has, if you will; keep it thatfestive individual?. If vou go into the from the criminal if you choose, olherwiso1 ex lunatic asylums of this country and coun t tend it to ai,l, especially to woman. will nose the HOW nnd masculine that is it that men. whn If tr frnprlnm sn noses, you predominatei to astaxUing-degrerIf-yD- ir 'ellilhTdiTironi their mothers, wives. look outside you will then find it rather a 8i"stersand daughters? Is it from jealousy or puzzling task to trace the borderland between cowardice? They know that woman's percepsanity and insanity. But suppose you inquire, tion is quick to discern, that she will soon disr which mostwitktroBg-drink- ; co ver the brown weed ? know that"rights Vhich mostnses-the-nast- y drink will not money If practices like these denote levelheadedness, purchase her vote; do theycorruptor fear to subject have never yet heard thej I am free to confess that the masculine themselves to the test? half of society is the sane half, but if the a man give a valid reason for withoiding the opposite .beliruAl.the scale containing the juffragefromrwoman nor-d- d I think they can v,v.i, vui iJuiiLiciiiu'S nave r an inn sup h a sublime height of patriotism that, icrtead of requiring remuneration liom their pup 3, they bestow it upon them, in the shape ot schooners of beer, quarts of the genuine American liquid or its equivalent, in United-State- s curThis however, applieaoriTy toTiielmalo rency. rus wile and daughter, you will ioreigner. remember, are and will remain political aliens. xne thira incapable stands on the statute . books yclept pauper. A man, who is incapable of earning his own Dread is held in some-ot our States unfit to have a voice in making the law,f or choosing the But why should all American women be classed with this individual? Are our women all pau pers? In the little State of Massachusetts, 251,158 women are earning their own livin(r:"in New York city, 200,000, and all these outside of aomestic service. And besides these we hnd 14,405 women at the head "of mmmpdal houses, 2,136 architects and chemists, ,216 'Stock raisers and ranchers, 56,800 farmers and planters, and emploved in other bread Are winning occupations, over 3,500,000. inese to Declassed. with paupers: Next on the list of: the "ioi(mle3SV"Btand3TtIie All right that he unpardoned criminal. - but should be denied theJaw makiDg-powe- r; law-maker- 1 1 ' Then' I flew inlofa" passloii, MILLARD CO., W. 8 A. w -- ' , -- So I spoke to him politely, For he was huge and high; And begged that he" would move a bit And let me travel by; He smiled but as for moving-- He did'nt even try I . -- ' -- - She answered speedily that he Must come himself and get them. - onlv governmental nrivilees be those of be- ing taxedrtried; fined, imprisoned, and hung oy a jury 01 men. Let us be logical or die. I danced, and howled, and swore I pelted and. belabored him -Til stiff acd sore Ha as mad as I did, But he sat there as before. s gt And then I begged him on my knees I might be kneeling still, If so I hoped to move that mass Of obdurate ill will: As well implore the monument ,7 To vacate Bunker Hill ! s. .1 1 - m at-hi- s . - eye-sor- e - So I sat before him helpless In an ecstacy of woe; The mountain mists were rising fast, The sun was sinking slow, When a sudden inspiration: came As sudden winds do blow. r-- law-maki- ng - I took my hat, I took my stick, My load I settled fair I approached that .awful incubus With an absent-minde- d air And I walked directly through nim, v""AslfliewaTnVthe ! . Charloit Perkins Stetson-- . this " . list iret , m m m m ? find one. The time is not far distant when the concession will be forced from them, why hot give it at once, gracefully, and earn the thanks of the women - of all nations ratheT "than "wait,3 and be told, "to vou no thanks "are dtTpfnr you were compelled to be just to our sex." M. A. . 1 . (jrREENHALGII. Sixth and last, save one on the list of the silent seven, stands the idiot, and on our statute books, woman stands next to him, and Do 5f)8 women at fhfi fnat of fho.'-rla- jburhalistCBEQliulhori I - J -- 1 proiessiona- i- musiciaBS, o,i3i governmeni clerks, 2,438 physicians and surgeons, 175 lawyers, 265 ordained ministers, teachers and three million independent bread winners in other avocations denote idiocy - If so I give up my case. But, if I have given half-a-milli-on on-thy- te ssenfial that the novitiate should spend some win .years ot his lite in the study ot political que-& - ... From Mrs. Lide Meriwether Address before the National American Woman . Suffrage Association, Feb, 1891. In this great and good government of ours, this free republicn'ereawleYefi'" classes of people who have no voice in the government, viz: minors,- aliens, paupers, criminals, lunatics, idiots, and women. If a man is known by the company he keeps, women must draw their own conclusions from -- '. J THE SILENT SEVEN. so-call-ed : title to be reckoned up,with this ahdpablecrowd intelligent,re-fine- d he. If -- we would have the world about us nnhlA. pu re and trueice inust exhi bi t these ntml i tiez of the helrtT and Ihen"" the nobleness and purity m others will rise in beauty and grand- - urm ojirwnu 