40 WOMAN'S EXPONENT of our sister the loss of a faithful President and kind a dislinrruisher; friend.'' r member of the W. P. A. vrill shortly rejoin her . r i t Resolved that we esteem her goodness and patience and i nusuana in Guatemala. uncomplaining endurance worthy of our imitation. Miss Virrift Wnorla niitkn nf 4,Thp Amarnna Resolved that these resolutions be entered in' the Relief rea,l a strong original poem recently at Pacific Society record,and also a copy be printed in the Woman's nA?! r n wf vjfove reiiecung great creuii on iuu t . Exponent. Mrs. Romualrio' Par-her-a- - . - P. A. lt .. ' Ferrin, 1 -- -- The members of the La Flatta branch Relief Society wish to express through the columns of the Woman's ExMrs. E. S. Y. Parkhurst goes as Delegate to ponent, the love and esteem they felt for the late lamented the International Federation of Women's Press Sister Jane M. Walton, their Stake President. . Associations, which assembles IS ov. 13th in We feel that in her we ha e lost a wise counselor, a true Boston. friend, and an agreeable associate. She was a meek and lowly follower of Christ, and what Ella Higginson's poem "The New-Weread at the convention of the P. C. W. P. A. ever she was called upon to do she did it with that child in March last has been republished in the like dependence on Him that impressed one at once that she was ever guided by His will. We never saw in her u Review of Reviews" ton do u. any marks of arrogance, but always leaning upon those in authority for counsel, for guidance and for support. You will doubtless hear of. her from those who ' have MISCELLANEOUS. been more immediately associated with her, and have been lessed for so many years with her presence, in sorrow and Keep cool and you command everybody. in joy, for she was always near when a word of comfort St. Jiu4 was needed or help in sickness of any nature. The bju-mjjrj- a She was certainly an enviable women for she lived a life T.nTffJifjrnrfz of usefulness and has gone to receive the reward of the Reason and virtue alone can bestow liberty. just, has left none behind but that feel to breathe blessings . on her name. Shaftesbury. A loving wife, a tender parent, a true friend. May the. Good manners jtre the small .coin of virtue Lord help us to emulate her example, that we may have ' the privilege of associating with her where wicked men are Woman of England, not permitted to prey upon the just. Hie greatest difficulties are where we are not Members of the La Plata branch of the Relief Society TonL'inrr fnr thpm dnfifJi? of the San Juan Stake.- - Farmington N. M. Aug. 5, 1891 .its scenery. . , President, she is a fit subject to- - enter into that glorious mansion which is prepared for the faithful, for, 'A good name is rather to be chosen than great riches and loving favor rather than silver and glod,''... ; Sarah E. Mitchell, Sec. . w-J- - A. Margaret Larsen, Mrs" Alice Moore McComas of the Los Counselors. the writing up Angcloi Express is at Chino .'l TIT Catharine And reasox, Sec. a... sugar beet industry lor tne l j. t. Clara fenaldincr Brown has l'ust returned from Mount -- Wilson. where -- she has been EXPRESSIONS OFLOVE AND RESPECT.writing up Wilson's Teak and photographing A i 1 , Martha Y . ' , wish to do good to those in need. She was ever most charitable, ioving and kind to all, ever striving in the' path of iduty to be a Saint o( God. Her words to all who were in trouble, were, "no matter how dark your path may seem, put your trust in God and He will bless you." . .'hn'nrf 1ft t Mi nv Vic iUM u: nnl .uwuxu. mmim 411,1 ir n. v ..w. licrff, DUt lOl- - ' low in the path which she has always advised us to walk in and ever be found striving to follow in the path of duty that it may be said of each of us, as it is of our beloved - : THE v 'S V TRIBUNE, Edited and published weekly at Washington" D. G, by Clara Bewick Colby. Price, SI 00 a year. Trial Subscriptions, five weeks for 10 cents. w st The Woman's Journal, of Boston, and the Woman's Tri- win be sent to one ad- wasnington, u. dress for $3.00 per year. Dune, oi w . MRS. M. H. VAN, M. D. OFFICE.-32- H0UR8 325 Third Floor, Constitution 4, 8 to 10 a. m.. 4 to 6 p. m. Build'ina , . tJrjutjC)fUJQ3hLLs. -- - The first step in debt is like the first step in falsehood. Sjimuel Smiles. True merit, like a river, the deeper it Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- POISE WAISTS, ETC. In all its branches, Itlilllnery, iates styles Hats and Honnets cleaned and retrimmedt Feathers curled, etc. Stamping doro to order. But. tons covered while you wait. liurial Salts a Special! j". "E SOUTH STREET, NJn IOQ SO Hi. FIRST Opposite City Hall. Dress Making- - IN MEMORY. is the ' OF OU R BELOVED PRESI DENT. Our deeds determine us as much as WTe determine our deeds. George Eliot Ibe ways of the heart, like the ways" ol IVdvidence, are mysteriou8iirrre. lie that calls a man ungrateful sums up all the e?il aman can be guilty of. Swift. My gems are falling away, but it is because God is making up Ilia jewels. Wolfe. Youth is in danger until it learns to look upon debts as furies. "Hegiveth His beloved sleep.'' Sister Sarah Smith theeler who died in this City July 10, J 891, was born in Westbury Parish, Gloucestershire' England, the 2nd November in the year 1806. She married Thomas Smith when quite a young woman, and when the Gospel was first introduced in that part of England where they resided, in 1841, her husband was among the first to join the Church of Latter day Saints. Sister Smith was baptized a year later, 1842. They emigrated to this country in 1852, Sister Smith having the sad misfortune to bury her husband while journeying to Zion of which they had both talked so much and anticipated so much joy in reaching. Sister Smith however continued her journey with her son aud daughter, being ever desirous of continuing on in the path of right and duty. The Millennial Siar has the following obituary published after hearing of her husband's death. Bulwer Lytton. Libraries are shrines whereall tha relics ot saints, full of true virtue, and without delusion and imposture, are preserved and reposed. Bacon. - -- r-- -;-. -- ; ,, We regret to leara, by Thomas Smith, late a Traveling Elder in the Bedfordshire Conference, England.died of chills and fever, at St. Joseph At Eden Ward, Weber County, June 5th 1591. we werer Missouri, u. a. a., on :ne 2gtn ot 1852. called to part with a noble woman Margaret -- Met "Elder Smith was well known May, in many parts of this Bride, President of Je Relief Society of the Eden Ward. Island for his zeal, energy, and courage.in propagating and Margaret Howard Mc'Bride was born Dee. '21, 1814, at defending the principles of the Everlasting Gopel. He parish of North Miles, Lancashire EnglancLMarried at this life, maintaining the same unflinching testithe salrie place in the year 1833, Nov. 25. Baptized into departed which he had so long borne to the truth." Saints on the mony the Church of Jesus Christ of latter-da- y Sister Smith Wheeler was chosen to preside over the Re 4th of Jan. 183S, by Heber C. Kimball, in Preston, Lan. cashire, England; and emigrated on the loth of May 1856. j lief Society of the Second Ward in this City in the year. Crossed the plains with handcarts, her husband dying uponj 1869 and honorably and faithfully dischargejLthe.diits-o- f the way; he was found dead under his wagon covered with j her calling and was, greatly beloved by all those associated snow and was buried in connection with 14 others all in with her in the ward in which she resided and also among ; the Saints wherever she was known. For the past two one grave. ... years She arrived ' in Ogden, Dec. 24, 1856, with five small j 'owing to her feeble health" she has been unable to attend children the youngest three years oldr she was the mother ' to the duties of her Office, but herCoSbrs have preof ten children five of them are now living, and are mem- - ' sided in her absence feeling it a pleasure to perform this I bers of the Church; she has forty-si- x grandchildren. duty for one so well beloved. The sisters of the Relief Society of the Second . She was chosen as iTesident of the Relief Society of the Ward Eden Ward on the 7th of June 1878. and has ever leth a Salt Lake City feel to value her most earned labors as faithful sister and an active President, worthy the emulation of all. Ever since she joined the Therefore be it resolved that we recognize in the death Saints it has always been her zealous and most earnest SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail c ash. H otjls e .THOMAS Special to the Ladies, ONE MORE GONE TO REST. s Will be found ttp latest stylos in and productions LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASQLS, RIBBONS; .COLLARS, TIES , And an elegant assortmenf of DRY .GOODS- ;fant's Special department for Ladies' Misses' and Shoes. 112, 114, 116, 118 Ed&l Temple L JDTXT In- Sir dc CO. X-2vCES riNNERS GAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS . ent for tlUMSEY'S celebrated LIFTand FORt PUMPS. Pomps Repaired on short notice. Orders iron he country promptly responded to. BAVDJAliSS, Boi 308. SALT , 11X2 CII7. . 