S 3 It. S. REPORTS. EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 7 that the blessings of Godmight rest upon us MARICOPA STAKE. " Minutes of Relief Society inference held at Mesa, June 18th, 1891, opened by the usual exercises there being a good attendance from the several wards. Of the brethren there were present Brothers Wm. Passey. A. F. Stewart, 'O R. Uakes and Pres. C. I. Robson and to bless them to during our Conferfhce. Pres. E. R. Udall reporteJ the Second Ward Society as being in good condition and cx- - p re fcscu he r d esi re to- - be - fa i t h fu . Pr cs A i) n Wilkey reported the iirst Ward m good working order, said both officers and members were doing their duty to the best of their ability; invoke ! the blessings of God upon all present that we might be united as the heart of one. Sister S. A. Andrews' sang an annronriate : song. Apostle A. H. Lund said; "I am pleased to have the privilege of meeting with the sisters, and to hear of the good work they are performing, comforting the sick, and caring for the needy, it is a great mission; it is better to be good than great: it" is a mission of love to help those who are in need;, thought the work of the Sisters of Charity was good, even if they did not have the light and knowledge that the enters vt the the v "were doing good and performing a noble mission; butane was sorry they had chosen so lonely a life.for "tho noblest mission on earth is that of motherhood; look after the needy esnecialy; those who do not always ask; for there are those who can not make their wants known; will not leel.liKe give m a way tnat-tnqsons and but daughters of the same paur)crs, father, extend, the 'same charity a3 - you would-1-al- l to your own brothers and sisters;" hu sjwke of the power oi healing, and how thanklul we ought to be that our hushands held the. priesthood; we must put our trust in God, the blessr ings of the priesthood far exceed gold and all else in this world; spoke of the' necessity of faith, we must not condemn those who have not faith sufficient to be healed; they can have faith unto salvation; recommended good nursing for the sick, and less medicine; thought it was right to use caution in con- - ' ion. Pres. Ann Kleinman, i u MrrvtA 4 ri rm- the Alma thought m rv' 4--r VtV ci i the commandments of God. Pres. Esther Openshaw said the Nephi Ward -bid not held all their meetings during the last quart-- r but she thought there was U general good feeling. Pre,3. Lizzie Macdonald said the Society iii the Lehi Ward was doing well although it was the same faithful few to be relied on; encouraged the sisters to attend to their spiritual duties. Pres. Susan Savage "reported the Papago -- Ward, said the La m a n ilea were the Ch i Id ren of Promise' and she had great faith in their session: choir sang, "I know that my Redeemer lives." Prayer by Patriarch Bigler; choir sang, "With all my. powers." 1 Sister Linton read the report of the 1st Ward of Nephi, and Sister Delia Clayton read report of the 2nd . Ward. It being the twenty-thfranniversary of our organization in Nephi a programme was prepared consist ing of sons. recitations, and select rend intra also a number of organ solos. Tho young ladies, as also some of the young gentlemen, did all in their power to make our entertain- ineht a grand success: Sister Pitchforth expressed her appreciation oi saiu. 1 rts. be Paxmanfelt honpredto present at the 23rd anniversarv of the Relief Societv orcanirfifinn TJ ;iu.nd f niR shlicrsi riflid ,S rentittttnna j nTrrhlv" fVnrpmrif and music, and heartily endorsed all that had been said of our loved ones that had passed away, many names had been mentioned and there were many more whose live3,had been spent in this grand and noble work; spoke of the time when we would' meet our friends that had mssed away; exhorted the sister3 to do all the good they could, and hoped we would meet again in our; next anniversary, and live in joy and peace throughout ail the ages of eternity. - Choirsang, When shall we all meet again." Benediction by Counselor C. Conference adjourned for three Sperry. d 1UIU1C. Pres. S. M. Pomoroy felt pleased with tho reports, thought the Papago Ward should have more encouragement, exhorted the sisters to more faithful performance of their duties. , .. r i tt i Bister ssi. a. naKcs Knew we were battling tor a. great cause, thought we were all striving ' to do right each in her own way." Sisters S- - A. Robson, Chara?ada Averett, Syrena Biggs, Emma Rogers and .Ilajriet, Dunon, niaue some iimeiy remariis ana gave good counsel. Coun. C. R. Hakes spoke upon the varied. m i . -- " - Ellen (jOldsbeougit, AsstSc. AMERICAN FORK W. S. A. ..,JuJy3li$ a very entertaining and instructive programme. Father Spratly gave a speech on political very- - instructive, thou:h questions which-w- as iug the parents to bury their own dead, that - is tio much; hoped tho sisters would always be - 1 Bishop Wm Passey and A. F. Stewart added good counsel to the Relief Society and the Saints in general. Pres. O I., Robson spoke of ' the purposes of the Relief Society, referred to a report of a Sugar House Ward years ago, and of the many ehanfres o since then There was a general good feeling manifested -- at the conference and all felt to renew their m -- Adjourned for three months. other, that when the end comes it may be said, he or she ha3 overcome, we shall, eat of the Tree of Life, every good act gains reward. Prayed the I)rd to bless us 'with every good Jdessing that we might all endure to the end.-song by Miss M. Morgan and company. Sister Aaggardfreported the Levan branch in good order; felt well in her labors with the sisters. Easthope reported the Juab branch, said we are few in number, we have veryood meetings; hoped we would all pu t in practice the good teachings we had heard from Brother Lund. Sister Easthope sang "Beautiful Zion for me." Counselor Bigler read a The fiftieth Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society of Juab Stake of Zion convened in the Nephi Tabernacle, June 23,1891. Pres. Pitchforth presiding; the choir sang "The ' r 15 rr. f !.... x ujuimii AiAviuiu icans.SI oiitrea iits, prayer; singing ''I'll praise my Maker while 1 ve breath. Ulhcers roll eal led ; mln u tea - of previous conference read and a?ce"pted. Pres. Pitchforth aald jhcjdeasejdjta2 so many present on tins tne zdra anniversary of our organization. Spoke of our loved ones departed who had labored so faithfully in the .xx i n t p.rfis t In f tJ iv JieJ 0 U nn etc R i J, X. x.jifcVA Snow, Sister Amelia Goldsbrough our first President, and Bister Bictonr her Counselor;1 ancLtnauy otuers tnat nave gone to labor in a higher sphere; spoke of Sister Zina Young and her counselors and all associated with her in the interest of the Association" SauJ we have much to be thankful for the needy have been provided for, and if any have suflered it has been herfiuse it" was. nnt rPtmrtoJ " .. vi,u"-'Ajujeu X - if 5 1 w-v- ivvjj -- It was resolved by the band committee that resolutions be passed, thanking us for our gift, but for some reason it did not appear in our weekly paper the Independent " i,. " Hannah - The womaas jMragaincetingwa3 held Ward institute, Ogden, July 29. Besides a good attendance of ladies several - mdwhonght"thergrirau if necessary to save their Read a very appropriate article from give their lives exroNETcalled ake Lapisii, Pres. WEBER CO., W. S. A. : Counselor ILtnhah Jones was much pleased with the good advice and counsel of Brother unanjj2iQus-vote- S. "Mormon Car," that Sister vto-theol-l Andrews sang about. ine Kceperieck, read a pom "The , Sister Bryan spoke in her kind motherly way, advised the sisters to be kind to t ach iritnds. - Emily Woman's Flag." Instrumental music-I-da Chip? man. We also displayed our new flag at meeting, which is twelve feet long with a single star, about in the center; golden, for Wyoming. We intend: to make eackstar golden as each state grants the right of suffrage to women. We also gave a ball and strawberry festival; from the proceeds, : we gave our home band . stick B.Garff Millie sang a song entitled "The Maid of the Mill," Ray Robison gave a recitation entitled "The SmittenRock." Misses Lee and Mc'Neil a sang song entitled "The Old Tree in the Lane.' letterirumlthsEurekBraneh-inortinthr Relief Society as doing well, their meetings are well attended. 6thernjLbjiild.ch.- voice was as clear as a bell. - F . months. and-silve- will-ga- -- TVT." : , tagtmiiriliseasesdt'H ueeu--uoue-auu au ' y ; diligence. au-inat-u- -- aborjof t fm iattoaavsain- tsjsitokfnnTir- -- offienaAaracters sacred, we by de- niv cuujk ji x.iuiu.j tiijii im,iuy, caiu to err lenamg, lose uy slandering, btrengtben each is human to forgive divine." 1 ' id. Keliet-bocietv"hx- -- Singing "Great: is the Lord." Benediction by Bishop Parka. Conference adjourned till 2 p.m. - Pres. Sarah M. Poraeroy presided. The Society of each of the wards was represented by the respective President; Barbara Ling reported the Mesa Ward, said the sisters deserved a good report, they had held their meetings regularly and were trying to live their relig- that end. eGhooHf &offo ana local omeers were sustained by . - t , Pitch lor tit moved that we , , other,, exluirffii ni . frvv )ow iauuiui fu;t.A,i iilltj Mflve 10 carry out the counsel we had received from B ruth er Lund. Bishop Parks felt that we had been blet with a hayt-iiljinfluence. Spoke of the good work the si&Urs; were doing, hoped all would continue m their labors of love, asked the Lord , 1 T gentlemen were present. he opening exercises over, Mrs. Jakeman, the agent and corresnondent of'"the Youna ' Woman's Journal, addressed the "vmeetings She CJ I - a. . suffrage in Sanpete county. Sometimes the worK was very discouraging as the idea generally entertained wa3 that woman was inferior to man, and that her position in life was a mejial one. It, however, took both man and woman to train and raise a family; in like manner it required the joint influence 17 ' 