WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the room the young man had time to collect his thoughts and commune with himself and he felt as though he had spoiled all by his untimely coming, When Miss Conway returned she sought to asce r ta i n w h a t his co min g me a n t, and to pe'r- suaue him, to leave at once and wait until, lie could come openly and honorably when Sir reward was at home. 31js3 Conway reasoned with Mr. Walton earnestly and was firm in her refusal not to allow any interview until the father should be cognizant of the acquaint i i, anoa.l'-ti- t v A ttAAn- -I m nni-t- f hi4 rwl mflsffrfill chance acquaint an ces, I. wouldn't' want Anna to pattern after any of them, and now T ! think I would like you to stay here really do i and take charge or Anna and the house and Sir Edward had arrived during the night, and 'of your old uncle if you think you can. vishe(Lherjtocorae.down to breakfast . with him. PERSONALS. She lay thinking over her beautiful-pa- st while her cousm was down stairs, somehow The Say Diego Union, .and Santa Paula she had the" utmost confidence in Jane that she would not betray .her secret, she felt sure Chronicle, are using an ink made of crude that she had not even told the Dr. and she petroleum and find ir very satisfactory. solved to enquire whether Mr. Walton had left any loving token or assurance of his love and fidelity, but her heart failed her when she heard the maid announce to her cousin that (was tot) unsophistacatedto-besnspicious.She- J seerued to. have such. determi- - did not know what the outcome was to be, Touujr man - who . , nation "that "miss Conway strong as 8 he was in but ehe felt to leave it all to cousin Jane and character, seemed almost powerless to defend fate. She ate her dainty breakfast, and the position she had taken, She succeeded sipped her tea as if she had not a sorrow in however and "Mr." Walton weat with a heavy the world, so calm are we all at times just before heirt down the avenue of linden trees to the a storm bursts.forth m all its fury. In fact Mis3 Hilliard grew quite confident as she "lodge,"; where his horse was in waiting. into coin the hands of the thought over what had happened the day beSlipping fore and she said to herself, fMaitland Joves lodge keeper he mounted hi3 horse and rode lest backward even a me and his mother cannot control his afFec- casting glance away, not . - tion or his courage should fail him. his conscience." She felt compara "She lfas baffled me twice"' he muttered to bly ely.jroconc as.she. mused alone,Jhe,. sun. himself as he rode onward, "the third time I was shining Jbrightly and the air was-ful- l of shall win, I am. sure of it," and he put spurs that rich sweetness that comes with the golden his' dashed horse and on to the mainroad "Autumn. She looked from her window to the to like ui Id fire. Eastern hills and she breathed a fervent prayer Miss Conway flew to her cousin as soon as to God though she knew not how. to frame it she assured herself the lover was out of eight in words, that her life might be like the sun- it nut insieau oi nnoing jner in a aeau laint as light to him she loved so ardentlylhat no" . , t I .1 I ... Li-- l - I. i. l i sue iiau ci iauu cue was fciuuuiu; ui iuc sacrifice seemed too great for her to make so window in a fit of abstraction as it were aud strong so absorbing is woman's love, even noticed her cousin's "entrance. . "My when she knows it not; innocent as a child scarcely dear Anna' Jane said as she drew near to her was this fair young girl, it was her first trial, and putting her arm around the fair form cow her first sorrow, and it had come upon her so still moie delicate than ever, ''I am very sorry unexpectedly." ' Her beauty, her artlessness, for you, I know how much you wanted to see her simplicity had completely captured young this defiant young man, but it must not be in Walton when he first saw her; and in their my uncle's absence." lonely rambles in the fields he had told her Anna made no reply, and Jane con that to be true to him, she must not reveal Lady be Wal"there must a reason Mr. tinued, even their acquaintance because his mother why ton does not have permission to see you, and had decided long ago, that he should marry . if he love3 you truly why doe3 he not ask another, and besides "your father hates my U A nmnrmfm t n'" r fill1.' nAA t Ivi "motberandair o in a proper manner?" him so utterly neyer inquired .further; no uo asK tne wind that whispers m the tall thought of evil, or harm, no.. suggestion "of : . i i i ii f jauts, m tneiugingj)rsoK:matrunoniomv'erp: ?imp do they know whyf "My dear cousin this left so much to herself and ber own thoughts is not reason, if you love this man you and so pure was she in every attribute of her yung know why, or if not that, you must know, nature, that she could not understand the the secret is kept from your father, who why danger that threatened her, nor did she know be to the first person to know, 0, Anna that even now a volcano was about to burst ought I fear dear, forth in her very presence that might consume you do not know the danger you this clandestine intercourse; all her hopes of happiness, and turn that day incurincaryingon let me warn you to beware of one, who does into blackest night not seek you openly!" "Do you know Jane," said the Baronet to his nieca when they wTere seated at the breaks .Lady Anna turned upon her ""cousin now with flushed cheeks smd eyes wild with excitefast Ytable, "that this house is quite a different ,4do doubt his honor cousin Jane? ment, you place since you came, I wish you could initiHe is everything that is noble, he comes of a ate Anna into the air and manner of household rronapnifni-iHf'ueelfamily as old as our own7anTras grand in possess, -a- The New York Journalist gave more than a column to news of the P. C. W. P. A. recently. , v Mrs. M. 0. Stanton of the P. C. W. P. A., has the honor of being the first lady to lecture before the Faculty and students of the Toland College, San Francisco; she having lately de- livered lectures there on An invitation has also been received by the same gifted lady to give a course at Jepherson College,Philadelphia. "Mrs. Kate Douglas. Wiggin of the P. CAY. P. A., who is spending her vacation in a Maine farmhouse, has completed a new work for girls entitled "Polly Oliver's Problem, which may be called the sequel of "A Summer in a Canyon," and , which like the latter has u '-gold .. . . 1 1 . . . m three Tcenelaidnn-CalifoTD- "Phreno-Phy.-iognoray- ." ia ! . , .... . " NOTES AND NEWS. Tile There are 108 ladies now serving as Poor Eaw Ghardiahs "in'Enina and the number of women ejected to this position increases every year. Mrs. Julia Fillmore Harris, sister of Presi dent Fillmore," who lately died in San was a Francisco at the age of seventy-nine- , woman of unusual abilitv. She fulfilled her duties at the White House during her brother's admiuistration with courtesy and kindness and it is said, that the president often, applied to her for advice on public questions -- . . - " She believed iu suffrage for women,' 'and was an active worker with her pen in that cause. The A mprirari Snr-ifl- l SpionfP. A sopiaTioD. at its meeting last week iu Saratoga, N. Y., elected two women among its vice presidents. for the coming year, Dr l GracePeckharaof o nfekr, jwith his mother is in the best society, has been at Court and is royally aristocratic." "I grant all that cousin mine if you will, but tbat does not weigh a feather against what I said to you; he must come to the Castle honorably, openly, or not at all. I will not be a party to auy scheme or plot, I will maintain the honor of the house in your father's absence, and you.are onlyra child,- not yet eighteen I cann&t see how any njmnjdajr - : pian secrtt interviews; itmmtnotbe, and the lady drew herselfup to her full height iueuu(t a.I,( KHllier Senl!e cousin a most authorita- tive look as she uttered the last words, v Poor Anha overcome with grief and emotion too deep for'ariylitW in sob and muans, dare not even ask her cousin if any tender message had been left for her, and only wept u ntil Jicr 4vbol- - frame shook, and the Dr. had to be summoned that night to quiet her ere she could sleep. The morning found her better and she re myraotheroveragain inweryreshe looked 16"aniIr - spect, just as you do, she had the same intuition, knew everything beforehand-bthe bye J ane how is Anna lias she recovered, she never would come down fo break''Uncle Edward I am very fast, never!" much concerned about Anna she , has something on her mind and is very excitable." do not see why, she never has had anv care nor any responsibility, she has been Among the papers read was one, by Dr."France3 Emily White, of the Women's Medical College of Pbildelphia; on "Spiritualism and Hypnotism," arguing that these phenomena could generally be accou uted jfor By purely physical causes. -t- a too much occupied with other things to know nruch about her and bless me she's only a mere child, not old enough to be resiKmpJ with, if her mother, had lived it would have beendiJIeren t,y - ; don't-inm- ? anythintabout women, why- should I? Its years since any association with any one of them I had , i, of Boston. y Jeittoa-iis-she-ple- will' present, the Kansas Historical Pageant .in that city about the middle ot October. The Trades and --Labor Council of the Dominion of Canada, at its meeting.in Quebec on Sept. 3, passed a resolution asking tor the appointment of women as factory inspectors. - : Ft, Scott (Kansas) E. S. A. . wi 1 1 d o more work bandsTotoTeTsre-woTk-me- n The eye of the master of-h- ij han-:bt)th- is to leave your purse open. It is impossible that an iU-nattfr- ed -- Franklinman can have a public spiiit; for how should he love ten thousand- men who , never loved one?- - .. ' Pope. ; ,; . . . True patriotism and' national lecognition to meet them casually. To he sure Iexcept will never su lly the fair name, or honorable have : character of intosociety any Christian woman. Women there's only your Aunt Matilda and her would attend the polls with the same impunity daughters and. my. Aunt Jucjjth and cousins they do the rallies and national celebration. Hannah and Susannah, snd one or two Western Rural. others, if 