WOMAN'S enthusiastic, worker of the Society, edits and publishes the Woman's Exponent which is the recognized organ of the association. Primarily, and as its name implies the Women's. Relief Society is an organization for the purpose of benevolent workrTo this end, it seeks out the sick and the needy, without regard to creed, and ministers to their wants. It provides food, clothing and shelter for the destitute, and gives nurses to the sick. It. provides safe .employment - for worthy women; and supplies good homes, raiment and education , to impoverished ', orphans. It is an active worker in the cause of temperance and an uncompromising foe to the dram-shop- s and the liquor dealer. In the success of its. benevolent and temperance labors, it has gone beyond any limited sphere and has accomplished, notable results for the general elevation of woman. or instance, it has trained a large nnm-J?e- r f ,ts members in. bu si ness method s,rpr epar-- " 1ng ;them, through society responsibilities, to carry private business cares, should circumstances lay such burden-upo- n them. It has tauSnt them what wonderful power and influence "Tor good are required by the united movement of women in a community. Under the superb .system of organization and solidity in vogue, the society's members have learned that they can -- grapple successfully with all the ordinary destitu-- f lion which appeals for .relief, and accumulate means wifh which the society's usefulness, strength and independence are constantly aug- "nienting. Its meetings have been a good training school for public speaking; and the society furnished a common rallying ground for the wo-men of Utah when they had the franchise and -insured a solid vote of women in favor of public honor and economy and such private morality as can be fostered. by wise and prudent local ad-Jministration of goyernmtTWhen the , happy day dawns upon Utah, that will restore the political . rights which were so inconsiderately taken -- -- -. L J?PSressionaLenactment, it will .(lHiL be found that th e Reli ef Socie can furnish a ty of body Intelligent voters, who by experience in usiness-arTairs and observation 6FthTralitrf humanity, are as well fitted to wield the ballot as any other citizens of the Republic. f Whatever may be woman's destiny in politics and professional life, there is one realm in which her sovereignty will remain forever undisputed the realm of unselfish benevolence the true charity JsrhichxtendsiailyTeiief fonsuff without seeking plaudits or outside recognition This has been the work of our Women's Relief Society and such will continue to be its divine mission. We nail with joy the Councils of women and deiire to unite with thera in all that tends to elevate our sex and advance the human race. -- Art. 5. A2t0FFIGlAlOMMUlieATlON-6fyiNG7T- - , H. REASONS FOR PHOEBE. COUSINS' REMOVAL. The following official statement of the trouble yjth Phcebe Couzins has been given out by the executive committee of the board of lady managers: . : "To the Lady Managers of the Columbian Commission : Your executive committee now in session in the city of Chicago requests your kind consideration of the following statement concerning its action in removing Miss Couzins from office and the authority and reasons therefor, as tkey are here set forth. Articles 4 and 5 of the of the board of the lady managers, adopted Nov. 25, 1890, read as follows: icers of .the board Ot lady man agers: The officers of this board shall consist of JtHesfide of the board of lady managers of the world's by-law- s yet the Farmers' Alliance last November elected five farmer Congressmen out of seven, secured the State, Legislature, and replaced the world-fame- d United States Senator Ingalls'by the obscure farmer Mr. PefTer. Mrs. Lease and the women of Kansas are are in a large measure responsible for the success of the agitation. The fact is that the farmers, who are today as .Executive committee: There shall be an executive committee, consisting of, twenty-fiv- e members besides the president, eachj)fwhm shall be appointed bytliTresident, each of the standing committees to be represented on the executive board. The said committee, when the board is not in session, shall have all the powers of the board of lady managers. Ten members shall constitute a quorum, and the committee may make such regulations for its own government andthe. exercise of its functions througbrthe medium of such subcommittees as it may-consid- er expedient. This committee --shall -- rennm-mend to the chief commission such employees and agents as may be necessary and .shall distinctly define the duties. They shall report fully all their, transactions to the board atitsstatedand special meetings, "in case of any vacancy in the committee the same shall be filled by appointment of the president. In all cases where managers who are members of the executive committee are absent their alternates are directed to represent them on the committee. The following is the action of the world's Columbian commission at its session in this citv Wednesday7April 1,1891": ' 'Resolved,. That, owing to the evident intention of Congress to allow few meetings of the full Jbojird of lady managers, the executiveTcommittee thereof or a of said executive committee is hereby authorized and empowered in the absence of the board, to exercise any and all powers which said board might exercise in session, including the right and '. privilege of should said executive comamending its at any time deem- it mittee or necessary or advisable." sub-committ- by-la- sub-committ- ee ws - ee GREETING. . MANAGERS. ,15', Columbian commission; nine vice presidents, who shall be denominated as first, second, third fourth, fifth, sixth seventh and eighth vice presi-- . dents and a vice president at large, and a secretary, all of whom shall hold their office at the pleasure of the board of lady managers. -b- STATEMENT OF THE LADY EXPONENT. "The journalistic temperament is almost the finest in the world keen, kind, progressive and humanitarian. Take away the hallucination of nicotine and the craze of alcoholic dreams, ancl you would have remaining an incomparable set of Jil?yJ old-tim- e The Farmers' Alliance simply breathes the spirit that is in the air. The Western farmers know that things are somehow wrong. They have o solve the been:trying-tpuzzle." DbubtlesslheTr diagnosis of society's jiiseases, and still-mo- re "their rem are at some points ab surd. But thev are honest and earnestand in d and ' many of their views they are Tight. They have at least made one grand discovery ;namely,that they have been delegating the business of government to politicians and lawyers, and that if4he interests of the masses are indeed jeopardized by the syndicates--anmonopolies and grovvingly dominant corporations, it is high time for the people to cease electing to legislative and executive posts the classes of men most amenable to. the influences of corporate wealth and power. j ' The Western farmers believe that 4he "money power" has been robbing them through an actual or relative contraction of the circulating medium ; and they believe in free silver, if not in limitless issues of irredeemable paper; Far from wishing, dishonestly to scale down the mortgages on their farms, they desire only that money should have a normal purchasing power, 1 1 is so easy to criticise the extravagance of the accusations ,that these reformers often make, and to poiit out clear-heade- d -- . Jfalbciesn that there is danger lest the East may forget to ; note the advantage to the country that can. but. 1 ' accrue- - from the ; aroused mental political and -social activity of the Western farmers. Mrs. Lease's confidence in the Farmers'AIIiacce as a piece of permanent machinery may be wholly misplaced; but it is the spirit of awakening and of energetic action behind the organization that is significant. r. a reports: Frances E. Willard; "THIS WOMAN BEAT INGALLS." vea!ws resenrtative element of American citizenship, are tired of party politics.' Like the icomr mon folk of England what is wanted is a new programme of social politics for the people. men." brother-hearte- d a r RELIEF 80CIETY ORGANIZATION. Meeting held for the purpose of organizine1 Of all the speakers in the remarkable series a Relief Society Jn the levelapjiYjriJ.., pLwmen's conventions ie jsrafry"otrMarciin I8yi. Bishops Charles is to within it truth the say that Pulsipher of Huntington, and L. P. Overson ington, probably none made so marked an impression as Mrs. of-- Cleveland; Annie Larseu, Stake President Mary E. Lease, of Kansas ; for, as one of ihe of Relief Society and Counselor Ann Pulsi- New York papers declared in its hrgesthezd P.!ll by sing "Praise the his to man raise." Lord, ing ye good ItffeThTf Woman ,Beat r IngallsIf any would know the manner of woman reformer: who Prayer by H. If. Ovaitt. Singing "I know that ;. hails from "the broad prairies'of Temperance and my Redeemer lives." folio officer then wing 2Tie appointed Humanity loving, sunny Kansas," let him read and sustained by unanimous vote: Annie M. Mrs. Lease's speech at Washington in defencebf Alger,... President; Ann Eden and Louisa the Farmers' Alliance movement. If the reader Overson, Counselors; Harriett Eden, Sccre-- : is not thrilled; by the throbbing eloquence and ' tary; Agnes Ovaitt, Ass't. Sec; Margaretta rhetorical beauty as well as by the moral intensity JohnseD,-Treasurer. Y 7r " 7 ; : . of that address, he may never hope to be moved : President Annie Lars en exoresged her I by noble speech. Mr. Ingalls is eloquent, too; with at the sisters of the pleasure meeting but his is the eloquence of telling and felicitous ward. on at Spoke length unity and prayer. phrase and of polished wit. It was no match Gave general instructions to the officers in for tbe prophetic enthusiasm of Mrs. Lease, who their different positions. is the Jeanne d'Arc of the farmers and working-me- n Coun. Ann Pulsipher was pleased to witness of Kansas, and who has an . army of Kansas ; an organization hpiv m0 - v nnVl . 7 ilH nnomcuutv us, coi? a it--a i...... haclr. h or thf 'I snint at her , ifm.mMm ..rmn r. v 11 f( ..y....,.,,,.-,,,,,,,,or uie 'jot-nuiJLord with the nay? spirit I a .1 Farmers' Alliance admits women on equal terms mem. with men, and it already includes half a million r.her, H." H. Ovaitt: Thorns nA was in and Kansas invincible; thought majority Bishop. Overson, all f xpressed tbemselyea we iiu . 1 -.- ...The.-Repubucar- t - Frk . 