WOMAN'S against this, but they are voiceless. Since the days of the crusade what means have been left untried, what work has been left undone, by women in defense of their homes. Women have prayed, and seen their sons' and husbands die before their eyes from the effects of drink. Every day we have object lessons. Every newspaper contains a temperance sermon and yet the saloons are with us. We look to the churches and to the clergy for help and are disappointed and heart sick to"' see the apathy and indifference with which ' we are met. CT W. T. U. of Ashtabula a short time The the Hon. Lour Beauchamp for age engaged of Gospel temperance lectures. Ladies the battle will not be Olii tharrpopuUrity, .i nor me victory atar cf- l- When woman has the ballot the saloons must go. , As forewoman suffrage causing quarrels in the 1 . ' la-seri- 1 es -- ndiscdUfag Ashtabula, Ohio. Beauchamp left us. Not one clergyman was present to support him. Of course there are reasons why it thus happened, for: we have at least-tclergymen who are usually found present on such occasions.- But generally speaking it would seem as if the modern theology did not teach "woe unto him that giveth his neighbbrdriuk." What then is left for women to do? . We are told to pray. Did it ever occur to you how willing men and nolitieians are tn hara women do the praying for "them? allow them to make the major part of the church congregations for that purpose, and to get up socials, and raise funds, etc. But they are not willing they should have a voice in the church government. Far ba it from my purpose to arraign any church, but the question has been so recently forced upon uj, in the refusal to admit women to the general conference of the M.E. Church, that we can but remember it. Sixty thousand foreigners landed at Castle Oarden last month, the majority of these can- not ready write or gpeak-oulaDguagervet, in" - one year in the Western States where they are distributed they will become kings by virtue of the franchise, the right to wield the ; ballot, and the political parties will cater to them because they are voters. iWhile 12,000,000 disfranchised women sit quietly down and let them vote whiskey down their children's throats, and are powerless to prevent it. If their prayers are no more effective than when they petition to men, we may doubt their efficacy. For' ws have seen petition after petition set aside and disregarded because the petitioners were only women and have no vote. We want to vote as we pray. It is the voters petition that i3 R. S., Y. L. JS1. LA., AN - REPORTS. - - - -- Seventh Conference of the Relief Society of Uintah Stake convened in the Ashley Ward meeting house Sept 7th LSOl. Pres. Sarah A.. ! wo - DP. the Prophet Jose (ill's vie vra concerning woman's work and the interest he took to meet with and instruct them; read several extracts from discourses delivered to the sisters by the Prophet; wives are equal to their husbands save that the power to be head and director in the- Priesthood is given to man alone. Brother Itichards encouraged tho sisters in their labors and exhorted the brethren to assist them; gave directions as to Jiow they should proceed iu administering to tho sick; anything the Lord has condescended to tell us surely is worthy our " consideration. Pres. Louisa Ilaight hoped we would not rfurget but treasure up what wo had heard. The General Board and Stake officers of tho Society were sustained by the assembly. Con ference adjourned for three months. - Louisa P. Read, .Sec. -- family, I believe, the reverse would be true. Look how men cater to and after the voter now,-anthink how they will dp the same to us, when we hold the balance' of power, or as we shall do when enfranchised., Why, blej you, my sisters, your husbands will f,e kinder tpan ever.heforo. to ymi, especially near election time. They may do as well by you as they do by t he illiterate voter - now, whom they treat to whiskey and cigars so freely before election. They wil at least try "and xoncli fate you i f there is danger of your voting differently from them, and if you vote with them and. for right, morality and temperance, you will strengthen the cause one hundred fold. canvassed the town' going from house to house to invite the people to come out. But the opening night with only 1 50 present a large proportion of those children was.. $6.. - EXPONENT. who dwell on earth," Lybbert. CAS3IA 6TAK,E. At last the sisters of this Stake were favored by a very, much appreciated .visit from some of the General Officers, there being present, Sisters Zina, D. II. Young, JanoSJlicLarxU- 0 feisfeTTlogers of the Primary Asso ciatiou and Apostle D. Richards Pres. Louisa Habht presided' over the con ference and every ward branch was represented and reported by-it- s respective officers; financial reports of each, ward were also read. ' Pres. Zina D. II. Young was introduced to the conference-anspoke at some length npon various subjects, prominent among which were TfaeyevP?." t. d Singing, of previous approved. minutes ' Prayer Bro. C, F. B. of Israel." etc. conference read and - ' ' Pres S. R. Reunion was pleased to ineet vmu uiu siaicra iu lue eunucny 01 a ivenei oociety con teren ee.- - " Wo arc! ivi u g 1 n a ve ry peculiar time. We should teach our children . to pray it is. very necessary for them to grow up in the fear of the Lord, have thought many times that there is not as much iuterest taken with the children as there should be;" Gave some very good instructions to wives and mothers Bro, E, J- - Langhurst 4The Lord has said tnat where there were but tew met together in his name he would be there and that to -- be enjoyed in a wayside place; developing ot woman's intellect; sister's manner of speech of their husbands and those in authority beforo tha children, aivl their conducting of 'religious items-a- t home;-carcthe deadpteoiple Workr Coun Jane S. Richards expressed great pleasure in visiting a place where all are brothers and sisters; spoke of the many impurities of a city; the change in woman's sphere, how she round it difficult to adapt herself to it, but testimonies brought her to know there was other work for woman thau household duties; t i .i i easy 10 neglect now meetings ana the conse quences; how a sisters's care will prosper in her absence on religious duties; our remembrances of kindnesses. Spoke at some len'crth to the 11 teachers. , . r- - of -- deto,Ttba03 uswiaiui &uuT3 tuat uiiitoo he heeds auui petitions he will so to gpeak lose his head upon the block of the party machine or he will at the end of his term be relegated to the realms of inocuous desuetude. But we are thankful we can see a brighter day dawning. During the last year under the charge of the platfom committee, two millions of voters, not women, but men- - have affixed their names to petitions for woman suffrage. Wyoming w'omen will vote for .the next Presi-- . dent of the United States, Kansas has municipal suffrage and 22 states school suffrage. As Hon. E. B. Taylor said at Warren, "the walls of the political J ericho are undermined, the women are blowjngthetrumpets.:.' about them, and they are liable at "any hour to fall in." : '; .;.' When they fall women will hold the balance power. Astute politicians foresee tiu3 and... the better class are favoring it, seeing therein a way out of the control of the bummer element in politics. If women only will be true to themselves and think more of principle $ . . In theafternoon session, Pres. II D. Haight nr thf Vli itiffo fiTstfrs' hnnpf ttnn - .. ;4 ; not be overcome by the allurements they referred to. V Sister Rogers of Farmington followed with much good counsel concerning the Primary Association and care of children; mothers should not neglect children for work; not let them run loose; rroYide them with suitable amusements; stated the object of the organiza tion of the associations; of the evil habit of ren. iorro win g;... on go ver uing-chik- l Pres. ina I). H. Young further addressed the conference, giving some instruction to the teachers in regard to the disposal of wheat and the practice of raffling. Apostle- F. D. Richards addressed the encouraged the people concerning their location and felt there was a great future for the valley; said now while in peace culti- Uvate a.spirit tot3tand,for all that can be shaken will be shaken; spoke of the hickory nut, it can scarcely ne craeiiea, yet it sprouts ana a tree comes from it, so the Lord will make His people a tree of life; spoke at great length on nrPSfjnr.fi " . meet-meetin- - : g; people on ' the face of the earth if we only realize it; We have-haa testimuuy of the truth of the Gospel, and all the promices that the Loul hiis hiadt) we shall inherit, if we onlv prove faithful, bat if we do not Ho will pour out scourges upon us Until wo will become as T a. us do as 11 wisdom let one. it vve lack: Joseph Smith did ask of God, who givith to all men liberally and upbraideth not. Sister Sarali Bird felt thankful for of meeting with the sisters; asked' the,-privileg- Bro. N. ,Merklcysaid there was nothing that would make a man feel happier than when e : i. n ne came in iroiu a nam11uay a worKt to una a wife with a clean house and .... . ii i. una near ine supper rtmuyr merry voices oi his children to welcome him home: snoke some , t i good-nature- . d 1 on. the Vk 1 irn - - prjocipIe oMithing Bro. Charles Bartlett said the time was not far distant when the sisters would have all they could do in discharging their duties; if we do not store our minds with useful know- ledge the time will come when the duties of motherhood will be a sore trial fur na fnr when the brethren aro all away we will have to shoulder the whole care of the familv. thererorenrif necessary lorusr to ba prepared to do so Conference adjourned until 2pm SinVim?, ' How firm a foundation ve saints nf the Lord," Benediction bv Sister PhebeHislon. Afternoon session opened by singing, lWho are these arrayed in white," Prayer by Sister A. IC Barlett. Singing, "Thin k gently of the ernnir one. The Stastistical and financial report of the stake was then read. The general and local authorities were sustained by unanimous vote. bister Althura Collott said we are all weak and frail creatures here upon the earth but we must take our part: frave the sisters smnA very good advice. Sister Hadlock bore her testimony to the truth of the Gospel; felt to , . e 