W vote making the Organization complete. The Bishop apd his Counselors Brother Gallagher and Brother Jensotf with Brother Wm. Hart set the new. officers apart. A vote of thanks was tendered to Sisters Mc Gregor and Leechior their able services durin the many years they had labored in the Society. Suitable remarks were made by the Bishop, who gave the sisters every encouragement to perse vere in the path of duty; the retiring officers spoke appropriately, also the newly elected board of officers, and Pres. Z. D. H. Young gave some valuable instructions to thesisters, and enjoined upon them 4ojtjvatejQye and un iosj-- w ged: them to patronize home publicatians and especi ally the Exponent. .Sister E. B. Wells followed in a similar, strain, and also explained some -- OMAN'S EXPONENT . 45 arrival of Wilby Dougall' from Salt Lake City, whose genial and devoted" spirit in the Gospel cheered us all, and the settlement with his music, all our meetings especially the Sabbath . ' Schools. ' We'had a number of distinguished visitors looking after the welfare of the citizens. In this thrifty little town there are about 400 the country has been written up on account of the lovely grass, grain and vegetables that it produces, but it must be. seen. to be appreLatter-day-Saint- s; ciated. Tne morning quiet (for the sun insesabQut four. in the Summer and shines. ridit in the North' window), the quiet is. somewhat .disturbed by Brother Bate's wagon filled "with cans gathering up the milk for the cheese- factory; about 500 gallons are daily made into cheese; this is quite a help to the sisters; for butter making they have a good but no refrigerators as yet; the season here has been cool and rainy as it has - -- matters not quite clearly understood pertaining to the National Council and Woman Suffrage Convention. Meeting closed with singing and benediction. TRIP TO CANADA. or ....... o .. - - j ' On the 13th of July, Monday, at 3 p. m. was Primary Day, the children of the Associatio with the officers, the Relief Society and Youn Ladies' Association, met at the- - meeting-house- ,and this was the partinsr or farewell spiritual feast. It was-thfirst time my daughter had at -- e tended meeting for a considerable time.. The gifts of the Gospel were )estQve,(L.Qxi4tlii&)Ga sion to comfort and cheer us, for all present were separatea irom lovea ones; the .Lora is no re , . - . FIRST ANNUAL CO N V K NT TO M OF THK The lady writers of the Pacing Coast will hold, .oftwo as be fore stated) commencing Sept. 21st. There will be a session each morning at 10 o'clock and another in the afternoon at 2, for business only, but the evening of Wed. 23rd inst. will be to a literary and musical programme, when the doore will be thrown open to the public. The meetinp-- cnmmpnrp at 8 n m nnrl will inrtndf nH. "dresses-b- y Mrs. Nellie B. Eyster, Pres. P. C. W. r. .,.Mrs. 5. y. t'arkhurst, Cor. Sec. P. W. Miss E. D. Keith (Di Vernon S. F. P. C A., "News-Letter''Mrs. Alice C. Waterman, Ade line Knapp,S. F. "Call," Alice Kingsbury Qooley. Short poems will be iriveri bv Mrs. Emilv.B. J Powell, Charlotte Perkins Stetson, and Lillian Plunkett. Those who will represent the musical portion of the programme are, Henry Kirke trml MfsT'Marian Taylor, a three days' Convention. (instead de-vot- ed s After the meeting we parted with the dear sisters there assembled knowing in" whom to put our trust, which lightensthe partingyand grateful ahel full of, love we felt to those who had so kindly remembered us. On the 14th of July at 9 a. m. we left our dear ones there, thankful we had enjoyed the privilege of visiting the dear daughter and family; 1 had again a touch of Lagrippe and therefore thought it best to return home earlier than I had antici-pated. '..Lll.'.ljf: .: On arriving at Logan, and once. more having the privilege to look upon the Temple it was truly joyful to me. I stayed to see the friends there tvyo days and arrived at home in Salt'Lake City ), m WliUe4r-i""Mis:'eTOtn- - " e from Mrs. Parkhurst, 1419 Taylor St., ot from mand for them is already very great, it will be necessaryfor those who wish to be present to make an early application, in order to receive " their admittance. 7 , .LETTER FROM ARIZONA. Pima, Arizona, Aug. 21st, iSqi. Mrs. E. B. Wells, My Dear Sister: letter was, duly received tT Your dear, welcome and was a comfort to me as I was just recovering from a severe attack of la grippe having: been -- verv low r this accounts for mv 'lnncilpnrp. I. "thought I would wait until I collecteoV some money due oh Expon ent and: a ble to write myself, and tell you how happy I wasjnjhe society of your lear husband,ahd Ihecomforting influence, that rested upon me and my dear daughter, now they are both gone; but that does not erase that bright spot in my life. Truly he was one of God's noble ministers, ministering to heirs of salvation. I am now regaining my health; and I begin to more than ever feel tlat truly the harvest is great and the laborers are few, and that I must double . - : :::r;--"- Ten children were added to the number in Cardston the short time I was there, I never saw more healthy children than those born in that that I saw country, not one but was in Canada. The sweet, quiet, spirit of peace that reigns there is like the former days in Salt Lake. On the 5th of June, wre were favored with the fine-lookin- g : .who diligently seek for it. . the news came that Brother Leavitt was dvinsr. and as he was. living but a few steps distant I was asked to go over; in about fifteen minutes afterwards all was over. The day before he was dressed and out of doors, no one thought of his' going to leave! ys, he was a tower of strength in the little settlement, always at his post of duty; all felt the bereavement. t All here are very busy attendingto theuties or living m a new country, the sisters were ever diligent in their duties attending meetings and looking after the needy of which there are but few. but all well "cared for spiritually and tem' porally: . r-m- great. day of pleasure; the people were mostly Scandi navjans, a galaj3ajLAJ "cause'd the return in less order than they left, but the 72 kegs of beef had been drank. Sl Monday evening we arrived at Lethbridge and .Tuesday morning took carriage and in the eve ning arrived at Cardston amidst the dear ones. My daughter had been blest through Jhe young sisters fasting and praying and the, blessing: of the Relief Society, after a four weeks siege with lagrippe and as it were, was recued by the blessing of the Lord from leaving a young family without a mother. It called forth a mother's grati tude to the Lord and to the sisters. " :: : --r the 24th of May Pres. Card arrived home from Utah in good health, business had detained The 2nd . 1 "" "irtrvasiEiSi's piuiss association. wherei On the 3rd of July at 9, a. ra. a true Latter-da- y Saint finished a good work upon earth; he was one of our most useful men, Morgan L. Hinman, who had been for a long time a sufferer with consumption. So closed the mortal career of this good faithful man, his wife who is here has buried 8 children and two husbands, yet Jike unto Job patient and true. For several days and nights' it rained almost continuously until the water was never higher the people lined the banks, their anxiety was so Our Duty . and Pleasure;, by making this our motto how much more pleasure we can enjoy in this life, and be all the time preparing wisely-fthe next existence. And how pleasant it is to be associated and dwell with those we love. I left this City May 13, last; a worthy brother and his wife were my cdmpanv from Loean to ail went .well on the. journey, until, we came to ureat Jf alls the last station in Montana; this is a tnrmy town, pleasantly situated on the Missouri "river, with two iron bridges, several Churches etc., etc. On Saturday the 18th, it was announced "no train from Canada until Mon day." All right, Sunday meaning at 9 a. m. a brass band was in full blast, lovely music, there was a team with five banners, then came 173 citi. zens carriages.and a team with two span of horses : 1 ice-hous- e, been-els- e A ' r may nave an especial care ror the needy,the aged, the sick, anil the suffering in love and in meekness, and by so doing our efforts will be prospered and great good will be the result I would recommend' alsojo uhe sisters to sus tain our home interests, trade with our own peo. pie and patronize home industries. The Woman's Store has been established by our sisters, let us sustain it by our works and our faith; and do not forget to sustain xur woman's paper the Exponent, all these things are to our interest and we should be diligent in little things as jwell as in greater ones. Let us pray for eaclupther and for alMhe household of faith, these arts a7ew of my thoughts for you my sistersand may we re- iuaiu iaiinim in an inings unto tne ena. Lovingly Your Sister, Zin a I Drl L Young. here, and see the walls of another Temple, with its towers almostxomp'eted, and the other sacred edifices wherein we assemble to worship before the Lord from time to time; and I was in time to witness with thoughtfulness our silent - 24th of J July which caused; many reflections in my mind upon tlie changes that have taken" place. I am pleased that : I had the opportunity of visiting the saints in Canada and I can testify to their Jaitbfulnessaiid.humility;they;are striving- to perform their duties, yet they labor under many disadvantages, and have not the precious privileges we enjoy, who live as it were "under the droppings of the sanctuary." : I am grateful to my Heavenly Father that He has preserved my life to return " home again and' be associated viih my sisters in the labors of the Relief Society ;'and I am ever desirous of makr f It ITing auty a pleasure, ana 1 pray ior an my aear sisters that we may ever have the blessing of the Lord upon our efforts to labor in the line of our duty to which we have been called, and that we " . " - my dillgenG"eahd ray labors, because of the lethargy and indifference there is over the people which is almost unbearable,. "When the people of God cease to reverence their leaders by teaching their counsels to4he rising generation they-ceato make that se progress that should characterize His saints. Now dear Sister remember me to the sisters of the Central board of the Relief Socie$y.an& all my dear sisters and friends. The Lord willing I hope to come to the April Conference, as it would not be wisdom for me to come in the winter on : -- 2 account of my lungs. " 