WOMAN'S- - EXPONENT; 107 where the third generation was now growing up, instead of being a happy grandmother like who was only "a" tew years her"8ister-in-Ianliler. an ansrel to message from an unknown region, out of the them, and had seen-the- characters' engraved beautiful past. : At last she took up the scraps upon them in a language not' known to him, and put them together for as she tried to open but afterwards had translated tUm t,a;n. pieces fell apart and her heart almost Singular coincidences gometiraestransoire: spiration of the Ho v Ghwt. nn J-- ih anastood still while fehe gazed upon the words 0almost lead us to: believe in the tionhid been that might a published in a book; and he had Miss Dorothy Vose once my aflicanced wife: each other, the bOOk With him ami sJinnrud upon fatuityi -ol certain events acting tn 3 n.,A the letter was dated Boston Mas3. Jan. 1805, i i l i d years nau passeu uy . since anyming nau then the scene changed and we were in the and in it he poured out in burning words his to call up these tender reminiscences in woods about a mile frnm h love, his disappointment, reproaching her for iiYCl 13 Aunt Dorothy's past and now just a faded old deep between those bier "rocks,iiuviifiuu and tl inconstancy and entreating her .to accept a ribbon had awakened a torrent of emotions, stranger stood in the water and baptized us lock of hi3 hair, that in some lonely hour and a flood of events came rushing onward. all, and I shivered with cold and woke with. whenshe had forgotten his devotion she might shade3 of . The evening-werfalling and Miss the sun shining into my room. be reminded of him; the ring he had given the broken Vose gathered up box and scraps her brother add "Dorothy"said her he asked her to keep but never to wear it or paper in her black silk apron and llpd down know the who man you came bearing this again, as it had been a pledge of mutual love , .I fin r thestairs to her own room .as though all the and constancy as well as of their betrothal. uorothy replied rather revjupi messager host3 of those haunted memories were folio w-think did I it was one we luctantly,"! tnw In conclusion ho said "I have long been i i i. "i"' i i .i ruuce .m. uer i se- ner. uuamuer aoor wiin me intimately, in daygoe by'rr.-Vos- e knew1 aware that your cousin Mary loved me, and shft rnnkprT tinI txiana jkir niona fntiipnprl. nnrplr - v. . I UV t'. very well what his sister meant, whon Ko when she returns tn Rnst.nn. if T henr no ronrn J J tV the broken workbox where these papers had : t i t had mentinned Tfrr 8pokethusr ben hidden away "She kMwlfebQkjcbi'LJt.. jiame-for-ye- a If I cannot win the heart of her whom I have """nad been a handsome one inlaid with pearl, uot think why I should dream of him after chosen out of all the world, I will devote mybut now iallen apart, disclosing its contents. all these lone: years, but it was a fiinmilflr self to making another happy, who loves me how in came But the ring the possession of the dream, don't you think so?" "Very strange, with unutterable tenderness. Farewell ! and the wner of the box: that wa3 a mvsterv she but then you must not think of it, you look if we never meet again remember that you could never expect to unravel, not . even if. quite ill and sad. and if you brood over snr.h have driven me from you with your pride she could make up her mind to read the lethallucinations and night visions, vou will he and hauteur." which she hardly-dared to of think ters, The words were cruel and hastily penned no yet getting Hhe blues' in earnest. were in her keeping. She took though they Dorothy did not Tell her brother how she doubt, but poor Dorothy never had the opporthe faded fragments one by one and laid them had found the missing ring and the letters the' tunity to reply to them nor had she even . . 1 "together, and the broken box and put them in aay Detore, reason enough why she should known that Edward deigned to make any a drawer and turned the key as if to shut dream old of her d but urin? the dav explanation of hi3 singular conduct. lover, ... .1 i i . i xnem outi ort ner the dream and the both and irom the troubled her, away It was true that Mary loved him, she had signt, reality ot she and resolved them. to face was end an to Jler her never disguised her feelings in her cousin's temptation reading put imagi than paler usual, and her limbs auivered a3 nary fears by going over the old letters to presence though she was her guest and aware she descended to the dining-roowhen supper see why they had been left behind, when those of the engagement. Dorothy saw her lover was announced, out apparently no one noticed wnom she was sure they most concerned had drift away from h er, and h er modesty and in her- - face - or m an n er exuaLin unus fled anyth g and had never returned. reticence kept her from any demonstration of little who had not forgotten how What was. the ladv's amazement when she her suffering. Edward attributed it to coldcept Helen, aunt her had questioned her about put on her spectacles and looked at ther papers ness and indifference. Mary wa3 well versed strangely i to find one of her own letters, addressed to in the art of coquetry, and it wa3 an easy in the table the child approached her savin?. Mis3 Dorothy Vose. Shutesburv. Mass. .. It ;2xiatterto.:wiQrcHiirti7oxism,s.!loverp her JfAre vou,ilL"Aunt Domt.h?,?- "Nn nkild not was sealed with a pink wafer and on it was heart was in the matter too, for though she u- i n ,i ;ii i i: the initial L. She paused in a tremor of ex had gone through two or three gay seasons, m, uuij imiijuug, mmiuug oi me long ago, when I wore the faded yellow ribbon." " Were citement. Why had this letter Iain there all since she became of age; no one had ever in" ' like-mea you little, girl then ? inquired the these vears bidden awav irom her:' and she un- - terested her like Edward, Laselle. iittie grand-niecHe was indeed a brilliant young man, with "U, no, 1 wa3 a young knowing of its ever having been written. She "ooen could seemed too much bright prospects in store and it was not strange not it now. it mm ureut GJCDtcuiiwm saia Aunt Dorothv,with.a-stroncr-ft- m -- 1 he-- t wrr nh a tHarshe"sTiouTd Tove him, but he was blind Knew noi.wnat it contamea, loy v i p i n l i msc words, not to see that behind the reserve little Jtielen looked puzzled, but Dut ii was irom rid ward, ner lover u,so long m rmm a t? n iut-- lurun n ii ii.il in ii i imii tr Dorothy there wa3 a depth of sentiment that ago and yet she couldr. never hear hisn' name, v i i i.t i. t i quiries, "Waa .that when your picture was her cousin Mary was incapable of feeling; she WiiuuuL Jier .ueart ucaiiug mure rapiuij', auu was a gay butterfly of fashion, fond of dancing painted..; that hana in jyrandna'.s rnnm avp.r her face betraying the emotion felt within. his desk." "My bv She took up the fragments of XX and society, while her country cousin wa3 paper one J picture was painted so long o i adand ready staid and womanly fond of home-lif- e ago i really don't know. 1 never look at it. one, and found some in his handwriting It is not like your mamma's Aunt Dorothv dressed to Miss Marv Stacv. her cousin, and to make sacrifices for the happiness of others 13 it?" "Yes a little, I believe you had the rival, she could not-an- d would not read them, instead of seeking her own. But we will not go back into the details of yellQwxibbon on that's what made yqu take she fancied she knew the purport of their so much notice "of it the occurrences that .had left Miss Dorothy when'you saw it today." contents. Her own letter, she kissed again v ose was glad the child was satisfied and again, arid tried to summon courage to alone in the old home, there i3 no need for in and soon after retired for the a short time after the finding of the letter and night; she could read it, she had no need to break the pretty not however yet make up her mind to read the seal, for the corners, were worn and it was the ring, her dream came to pasa literally. a One Sabbath evening in letters, the sort "of dread of discovering- some easy to open the folds, for those were not the fire seated the she round were turned the disagreeable secret seemed to forbid the perusal talking over family days of envelopes, remember; -- he tried in vain to sleep, the; wretched past letter over and over, until a curl of pretty the sermon they had heard that day, and Aunt came so vividlv to mind, that; tK trrnv rlaivn auburn hair fell from' it, and she could no Dorothy expressed some dissatisfaction as to 01 morninmnnJKoi---afni--oalT-- be- - had nrtrt-4oi- resist the desire longer o.-.. , r t i she argued and was come from his heart, written in the long ago. 1'iuunts, ner nead aching and eyelids heavy would I give to "what the emerald therefore ineffective, The auburn curl wa3 more than wijL weeping. Finally she fell- asleep; the hear the voice of a true preacher of righteousbright sunshine streaming into her room awoke ring," for it was part of himself; he might be hQT aQd she ness?" added the lady, and she continued started; up suddenly but lay. dead, she knew not; but this. pretty curl was how vexed she had down for a moment or two and "hear the Scriptures expounded as I under thought over something she could keep; again the dream from which she bad been felt when Helen found the ribbon, but now stand them,I am weary of the tone and manner aroused. She had of our orthodox ministers, it has grown how glad, it had led ; to the unfolding of a certainly had a remarkable dream.""" auburn curl, monotonous1 to me." "Dorothy" said her mystery, the lost ring, and the brother? wlio was "the only one who ever dared the breakfast table the family, noticed two "treasures she would cherish while life , At of her cousin her - pale " face and to disagree witb the lady, "don't you think languid manner and lasted; the hatred" and jealousy are growing very extreme in your ideas? you anxiously inquired what the matter was, for were gone now, tKough the. sorrow had never . . ... up io. your r il .! a, . l had butrshe IS tnereauviMiug-xuac-vcomereleft berheaftr loved she Aunt rannaeariy IJorothy; standard of excellence? Aren't you looking plied perhaps the peculiar dream she had that thenf both, and would have been glad to know love outlives for envv. for a miracle, remember these are not the days living, morning was the cause, arid her fcrother and his daughter and is better, of the Savior and hi3 Apostles, though we do purer, joined in the requestHhat she jealousy and rivalry, it. .. profess to be hi3 followers. and more euuunug. "Yes butwFve all gone astray, priests Ahdleettefrmethinks"I hear you say; "Idre"amed a stranger came and people, and for me I am longing for to. the house and told us of it wa3 hours before dear Aunt vorotny bad " w itthe s a lit . nap-pene- e ... . v V V KJ for-they-nev- rr er rsreven-to-cacntheTr"'r,T- in "can - i . m af c--z m like-fugiti- ves a. - -- xii . -- mt mf e. in w i r- - ana-yeins- -- of-Mis- - t- ne m mid-wint- - to-see-- er what- u - : . -- dong-agO"forgi- i4na..she-related-itrf0llow- 8T ide.nplate4hat. .hadbeeQ-shown-b- y ven- . 1 1 . s 