WOMAN'S EXPONENT.. FAREWELL HYMN. ' - Farewell.dear Friends, a long farewell. ' For we shall meet no more, Till you have crossed the swelling flood To meet on the Shining Shore. Chorus. There's sweet rest in Heaven. Then gird up your loins and live upright Whi!e life is here with you; . And prai.se your God and Christ the Lord, He'l take all fear away As far back' as history takes U3 we find men breaking bread together. We find, too, that those who eat the bread feel themselves under obligation to those who ..furnish it, and that they are quick to improve an ormortunitv to return the favor. From some such rude beginning came the law3 which govern social - . In the hour of God's reck'ninjr. ..,lVen earth's conflictsrareo erf When has ceased this world's bick'rings, And peace reigns evermore; K ujaejioay.Ji these laws are artificial sometimes-compIaineH-th- natural. '' 7 Whitney. WHAT WOMAN HAS DONE. -m- She lias rocked the cradle of the baby dear, And wiped away each dewy tear, Tier hand has led through that sunny clime,' -- Where children's voices in sweet music chime; Where the youth and maiden's untried feet Would wander or falter at what they meet .In the path that leads through this life of ours, Where mingle together the thorns and flowers. Close, close by the pilgrim father's side Stood the pilgrim mothers when the tide Beat high upon the rock bound shore That trembled at old ocean's roar, la science and in'art her name upon the; book of fame; jMsiilgli I magination's fields are wide, Asd she has delved from side to side. She has ; explored ihejungle deep; 7 : : . 7 The desert wild and mountain steep, , And she has kept the light-hous- e torch To guide aright each wandering barque;1 To warn them from the dangerland, The rock, the whirl-poo- l or the strand. We find her in the battle ' wi!4 uur ana as mercy s child; " iz-:- xzz i ? bridge her work we view. To starry worlds lier path has led, the mart) rrs bled, Asqueen her fame can never fade, And faithful ' subject has she made; id chains and bars she has defied And now stands boldly by man's side c&llege:hall,:andjn art's high school, , courts where law and justice rule; ere man has been or e'er will go , viil find her ton irv 1 'fie sons are hers who rule the land, And her's too are the outlaw band; "er daughters claim her interest deep, tCT Aem'her care ran ndhereihrist ',, -s-l- t,. enrsnainust'l)chervoicc' or those who nule, she has no-choic- g at Society is a union of congenial people for the sake of enjoying one another's companion- ship, stimulating one another's ambitions,, sharing one another's ideas. It u feasible only when everybody interested doe3 his share of entertaining. Society says this share shall be in proportion to what one gets.. She says that he who would give, must receive; that no person, no family, is excused from this law,. Now if this i s not spo li taueoua soci ability, it is good sense. It may not be a sentimental plan, but it is a practical on3tl(jpOlLSycK: " oreto'-'tte-pufpoW''' There are many persons who complain that they cannot meet this rul They want to 20 Lbut they claim they cannot return favors. Ihe usual excuses are that they have no homes, that they never have entertained and that they tear to begin, or that they cannot afford the experUse- .- "I am a homeless, self What can I do?" "I supporting woman. bachelor. What can I do?" pleads one am a clas3. Some of the most charming social centres we ever have seen were the simple women. parlors of They wTere scrupulously honest in returning every self-supportin- " -U home'is to-da- '8jwioMJtoj Persons omelhingin-the-sou-l-- of would .willingly " of heroes. But there is an' honest freeman" men, through which before servile minds the-become heroes. This nation adored General Will iani T. Sherman; it will adore his memory and through the years to come win citng 10 nis snrine witu as strong devotion a3 ever sanctified a hero's tomb. The spirit whose los3 we lament t&day was too noble for the ages to obscure, wa3 too humane. and generous and lovable ever to be forgotten br slighted. He goes to .his final rest ripe in years and iu a" halo of glorious associations and memories. His life was a perfect round of usefulness, benevolence and love. The nation life ha3"sunk" jnagrieve the-lo- ss of se so deep into its great and generous heart; but. v an tie-parte- d one-who- -- ; entertain - peo j)l e- - that responds to the noble attributes of manly not" a sufficient who y to be worshippers e the pjersqn jffhojM paying I113 society debti. p The nation is in grief over the loss of one of its greatest and noblest of friend3 and self-respec- t. 55 good-fellowshi- THE NATION'S DEAD. are old baeherors-to- - whoirrihereifsnnrwhich: they move owe much of their brightness and. interest --They aretliFouenof the elders in social questions, the guardian of the young girls, the delight of the children, the' refuge of the wall flowers. They know that a concert or lecture party is a fair exchange for a dinner party. They know that . a little supper in the private parlor of a hotel, presided ever by a married lady friend, will compensate Jtheir circle of feting lady friends' for. their Invitations to call and to parties. They know that a bachelor's picnic is the most charming of all picnics. And so. they, hold their: position- - in society, without of their friends imposing on the "No cr compromifmtheir own good-natur- , t -- half-Bohemi- " who cannot entertain acceptably, even royally, however humble his - home andnarro w L is purse. The Chaxitauquan g social1 courtesy"xtended,andbecausethey were so careful they were invited frequently. By their cord i a ity, their bright w ays, their intelligence, they gave a charm to their poor quarters which no amount of money could have provided. They paid their way in social life and held place. There . china, or that you receiyjinaatm-hun)enr because you have been received in one paneled in rosewood. Again, if the house i3 too small to accommodate forty guests, it may hold twenty, and twice twenty are "forty. The variety of social entertainment is great, and a house which will riot allow a dinner party may permit something less ambitious. The supposed cost of entertaining hinders many persons. The money cost lies in tho refreshments, the decorations, the favors, the Jitred entertainment, which are offered the guest. Now, "decorations, favors, and hired entertainment" are none of them necessary to a successful dinner, lunch, or evening party, and the refreshments may be a3 juraple as the hostess has courage to serve. People of sense and taste go into society for other reasons than to feast, to look at beautiful flowers, to carry home dainty souvenirs, or to listen to paid musicians or elocutionists. They go for the sake of the to be founds If a hostess will see that, her friends enjoy themselves, her dinner may be as simple as Madame- - Rol and's toth Cmims TrenchCJa which when' three members of the cabinet were present is said to have cost fifteen jrancs. She may give a party and furnish nothing but bouillon and wafers; or coffee and sandwiches.. She may tender a reception and-- as the late Emperor Frederick of Germany did when a young man of limited income, serve nothing but a cup of tea and a thin slice of bread with marmalade. It 13 the spirit not the style or display which is the real essence of entertaining.. If the spirit of hospitality exists, there i3 nobody -- -- . As archir In Brooklyn . good-will- and false. Give us spontaneous social life, the disgruntled cry. If the mooted regulations are analyzed we find that they are controlled by two principles: hospitality, which' uses each opportunity to show courtesy, and gratitude, which never fails to return a favor received. Modern social etiquette is often abused, no doubt, but a little reflection will convince anybody that its principles are sound, and that its growth has been mAmNr;An Of a righteous career; Its fruits rich and priceless, Though oft garnered in tears. Of days we've made brighter. The dark clouds we've dispelled, Thereby burdens made lighter For souh weary and bowed. Of works grand and eternal, In God's temples performed, With hearts pure and unselfish, With Christ's virtues adorned. With faith firm and unflinching. In the work here begun; Ever true and iinfolt'rfrxr ."' Till life's labors arc done. Helen M. Dec. 30, 1890. . , CAN I ENTERTAIN? MIDNIGHT MUSINGS. SWPt uill generously but who never have done so, dread to begin. They fear they, will blunder. They feel awkward. They are unwilling to show themselves less familiar with social practices thau their neighbors. This is supposing that the vital point in entertaining is the appearance or style a shoddy idea. A. spirit of genuine hospitality, a desire to gather one's friends about, and to give them a3 pleasant a lime as possible, is the essential point. It will be an' unworthy guest who will go away from the gathering where uch a spirit prevails and criticise the style. Nor does the house and its arrangements have nearly the weight that many think. You must return what you receive, but return only in , in f ffort to make others happy. It is not asked that in exchange for a glimpse of somebody's family silver, you display Sevres HoFE. Juarez, Jan. 27, 1891. , HOW ' Fair Zion's daughters once posesscd this right And swiftly grew in union, pbwer'and might. Till Satan saw and trembling grew alarmed And sought his minions, who hisTwork performed. Yet courage, oh! ye 'toilers in the cause Of Woman's freedom from dark error's laws, The Gospei-ligh- t will make her pathway plain, Restore unto her every right again. -- And w hen you land en that bright plain How happy you will be To dwell where God and Christ will reign Through all eternity. 131 . itannotTOo or nature in his taking away. to ft natural rest. Ex. 1 man He goes only 