Of - it f Si a l f i fi wiAf th-- - i X' M) MffWTr'e tt Vol. 20. Women SALT CONTENTS. . Reply to "A Man's Advice About Woman Stiff-- " rage" Sarah M. Kimball. Trying to Solve the Problem E pluribus unum, ... The Kingdom of God Mary Ann M. Pratt. A Talk With Mothers Ida Haag. R. S., Y. L. M. I. A., and P. A. Reports Orderviile Emerv. Salt Lake Co. W. S. A. Woman Suffrage. Washington Convention Federation of Woman's Press Clubs Ex. Notes ' and News. Editorial: Transactions of; the National" Council of Women. A Pleasant Gathering. Editorial Notes. Extracts From Thanksgiving ser mon. Letter. Rachel Foster Avery. Reflec" tions on tbe Past MrE Kimball; Poetry: Man L. M. Hewiini's. The Crown For the " The jeweled sea and the deeps of the air, All heaven and earth are good and fair. Ferns at my feet and the mullein's spike, lTZXA'XttTthTi7 TYl XT 'J Felt, Dear Sir: , My attention has called to. your "opinion of "Woman Suffrage" published in the Woman's Exponent of November 15th. Suffragists do not recognize what you are pleased to call "Horrid men." Hence have no. fear of being "laughed at," true suffragists love all men and all women, and labor as best they been - - L. M, HewLINGS. Atchison, Kan. THE CROWN OF THE YEAR. - ; should take, what tactics they shoud adopt? You complain that your suffrage friends turn from- you ''disgruntled" I think they turn - pityingly. y;:: 1 ,". . : Is records. No woman ever wak or ever will be tried by a jury of her peers when the jury h composed exclusively of men, (consistency is a jewel;) if thero are any improper jury laws tney must De amended. Any man suitable to sit in judgment on a jury trial, will be as much a gentlemen in a jury-box- , or a jury-rooas in a theatre box or a ball room, v Thirdly; "we must not say it is our right to sit on the Judges use for the educational uplifting of humanity. Women as a rule have listened to the as: serting voice of men and have - been led by their precepts too long. It has slowly dawned upon woman's understanding that man as a rulefi3 weak; in many respect3 very weak and unreliable, (remember we love him still,) and 's.heLhM.lbej.i5ompelledfor the good of the great family to explore new paths leading to' broader fields .of helpfulness. Women will make mistakes, and profit by them, all along the5 unbroken pathway, but never so fatally disastrous mistakes as men have made while holding exclusive power. -- You assert that suffrage advocates .take, .a wrong shoot, start out on leaves or small branches, they must change tactics, etc., this reminds me of early Colonial history. Did our forefathers when they struck for freedom, ask jhejL jisji fldll rKf i n i s aii t tttiA iA 1 I. .. iu cuinvaiu uj vu&ui-v- ElmiiigdJn, "tnpviththe -- , uTTTTn - -- ; htjtnTtrrn omaniy courage to accompany the police to the den of vice and help to rescue the inmates. It is to be hoped that Provo has no need, .jf women police, 1 sf rowingly write that at the present time Salt Lake City has great need of women jwljce, Boston, Chicago and other cities have police matrons. Suffragists are next told not to teach their daughters that they should sit on a jury, we like to be consistently obedient but conscientiously wejiave to tell our daughters that such counsel comes from such as have eyes open to popular prejudice, closed to Women jurists Jn underlying principle. REPLY TO "A MAN'S ADVICE ABOUT WOMAN SUFFRAGE." Mr. D. P. u ff - beauty-- 'f'ZZ ,Most complicate wonderful man! ... Take heed to your works ami your ways,- For to answer to the wise Builder's plan Ye must live to His glory and praise. And the mists from the f; valleys lie tender in like the Gleaming sky; pearl Soft shapes of cloud that melt and drift, With tints of opal that glow and shift. " That fills the heart with the peace of God; The spring and summer may bless and cheer," But autumn brings us the crown o' the year .. yCEUA -- ' ;; In the mellow, golden autumn days ' When the world is zoned in their purple haze, -- vice-t- o .the-wbTn- And the soaring gull I love alike; '.... ...j. i With the schooner's grace as she leans to the tide The soul within me is satisfied. '5p4rk-- f r-t- rd tention to the education of their girls if ap- preeiated.-B- ut we havenournvTrideaiabo'jt the nature' of their graduating papers, the routine must contain lessons in moral courage, energy of purpose, and power of execution; thee, inustd taught as among graces essential to success in littv You say do not teach them to be burly policemen. My dear Sir, if the members of the police force are burly, there is a crying wrong to be righted, my daughter or vours. 'may be placed in circumstances where they are liable to arrest, are we willing that a coarse uugentlemanly man should have this daughter, r sister in charge? This is one of the condi. tion3 in which the policeman should not bo without the policewoman. Again the police force have access to dens of infamy where husbands, brothers, and sons re- sort,y ou wduI jhlti ner neaitti antUher hope away m unavailing anguish of soul and have wriiten on heitornb , clusters fine Like frosted sil.er dimly shine; And who thy quaintest charm shall tell, .Thou little scarlet pimpernel? . Base, grovellingi cruel and fierce, Buried oft in the depths of his heart. Where no arrow of justice can pierce. in form, This great being, so God-li- ke Is sometimes a tyrant and fiend, Speculating with cold selfish heart, In the blood of his fellows and kind. 41 to seed 1 he "wholesome yarrow's Treasures are sought for; years clinging there, Out from many wrecked mariner's graves Man's skill hath brought rich pearls for the fair, Action, wisdom and glory are his, On achievements he builds bis renown, Art, and science, he grapples with ease, And an immortal fame is his crown. 7But this bting we designate man, 7 With his manifold powers so great, With a genius so mighty and grand, This structure, whom the Lord did create, far-of- - The painted rose haws, how they glowl -- Like crimson windihe "woodbines owfJ Tlirdllnel'ef In sapphire, emerald, amethyst, -- The hawkhit's gold, the bayberry's spice, One late wild rose beyond all price,1; Each is a friend and all are dear. Pathetic signs of the waning ye.ir. MAN. No. in- - weapon ridicule.-- Near me each humble flower ar &teSu- - "llic "(TocTiitTrunerV gone fiat a strange medley bein is Man! What a mixture of good and of ill, And how wondrcis the architect's plan, That hath formed such a creature of will. What structure of our world can compare. To this perfect symmetrical form, There is naught of the earth, sea, or air; That hath so many powers combined! flighty fleets of the sea he commands, " E'en lightning, is held by 1m power, Under ocean, and over the land, Flies his word on magical wire. He haih trained top a .fiery steed. for power and strength hath no lack, Like the wild winds it rushes in speed, . Menacing to all foes on its track moufr The weird wilderness places of earth; Thus turning its deserts to blooming. And their barrenness into new birth. 'Neath ocean's bed, from caverns and cavesr " - Exponent: - You say In substance suffragists will amount to nothing until they Jay foundations on which it will, take, at least two generations' to build a structurethat will stand tho storms of ridicule, that today beat upon our frail house, .. and cause either depression or the entire crush of the structure. Tho sure foundations of the sufTra",e cause were deeply and permanently laid on Uie 1 7th of March 1842, and the structure h far advanced. It is too stately and strong to be even depressed by any lingering tilurt "with" the weak "" - Ah, happy morning of autumn sweet, Yet ripe and rich w.ith the summer's heat By the ruined wall on the rocky hight, lit shadow I gaze at the changing fight, Splendor of color that clothes thee round .JIllSP OrJ of Jhe earth. to its utmost bound.- -- Mrs. si LAKE CITY, UTAH, DECEMBER 1,1891. m ' L. L G. Richards.. The Indian Summer Lide Meriwether. of Zwn, 'and the Rights of tie Women of all Xiitions. lot the strong wind Llows-frothe warm southwest And ruffles the snow on the white gull's breast Filh all the sails till the boats careen; Low over the crested waves they lean. Driven to leeward, dashed with spray, Or beating up through the beautiful bay. ' - bench." Deterali judgcdrlsrael iorfy " Wliyriiot? years and Isfael was blessed with a peaceful reign, our nearer neighbor Esther Morris the juTlge's bench creditably in Wyoming Territory; she is reputed to have passed 1 just judgment in all cases tried passed the sad ordeal of sentencing a mau' to the gallows, with this experience, she was no less the lovable and loving wife, mother and grandmother, "nor thejess discreet nd.hospit orthe home""" When she retired from the bench she was crowned with the appellation a just Judge. At the ratification of the admission of Wvfimino- aa a PtstA tritli qjiaL5uffr3:gG,ExJudge- - Morris sgedisnd " .; - ''r ; oc-cupi- ed before-herRlti2- -a- ble-keeper - ... I 