WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 0 that spirit of liberty that brought you to our shores ; you have been upon the borders of civilization most bf your lives; to your efforts we owe our grand mountain home; to you is due the credit for the homes we enjoy. You who are crowned with the star of a hundred years are7 almost as old as that glorious flag which waves over our heads. Today many of you can remember when but thirteen stars graced its folds, but r .now it bears proudly forty-foustars, each representing a sovereign State; her colors stream proudly in every clime, it is respected by all - nations; from Alaska's southern land of flowers it waves majestically over a people. free, independent and progressive. Upon every sea it waves a token of free men, free women and free institutions. From the Arctic sea to the land of the southern cross, America's shipping, displays. the Stars and Stripes. It is flung free to every breeze and is emblazoned upon the crest of every surging billow. All of you are older than the railway train which moves like a rolling palace on its steel causeway, bringing you in luxuriant comfort aod ease to us today. All of you have seen the old crooked snath, with its two nibs and five fingers, give place to that chariot of prpgress,the mowing-machin- e. In ' your time the old hand loom has yielded to the power fabricators of modern science, the flail and threshing floor of scriptural times to the grand steps of modern improvement. You have seen the . birch canoe and flat boat fade before the headlight of the steamboat.. In your day the Indian trail and old emigrant road have been" obliterated by the railway track; the grassy plains for 2000 miles are transformed into fields and orchards, cities and towns; and to you we give thanks for these changes. May the residue of your lives be one continual jubilee, and such a jubilee as only your descendants know how to giver And when you make your exit behind the" curtain which separates us from our veteran fathers and mothers who have gone before, tell them otuSv,and .our. work, anddetermination to walk in the paths of honor, truths and patriotism which they marked out for us, that when we havearjrivedat the tri-color- For many a year now passed away, We've had this glorious treat. To spend w ith friends' a summer's day And glad each other meet! . - From quiet homes, not oftm left because of weary years, Bjr car or team and reil, so kept, That smiles oft turn to tears! Here's ten and four-scoBeyond this, quite a few, Who all enjoy their annual out, And"thank- their friends so true! : 7 "" three-scor- Then presents cnn Tr we have t ... ' . Tames Chadwick. 8r " J hadalore, d : - And wear the. Old Folks' crown. They'll have lheir friends, as we have had, While soul in Utah stirs; Her towns in rivalry make glad, These special guests of hers 1 t Music by the brass band followed the address and Elder George Goddard made one of his characteristic speeches and presented the oldest veteran present, Father J. B. Lewis of this City, aged 95vhcaV gnM Tsembty. Mrs. A;gnes Olsen Thomas rendered in her own sweet way "The Old Folks at Home," she always charms with her melodious strains. Dinner was next announced, and a sumptuous banquet it was indeed; the good people of Spring- - :t. . Brother Goddard and the Old Folks' choir sang rvUle:w dressed the old folks in a particularly happy manner. The committee distributed some gifts, with which they are always well supplied on such occasions by the liberality of the public, to the aged people of Springville. Brother C. R. Savage held up a band box and called out for an old lady who had not had a "new bonnot for ten years but did not find orfe, then for five years etc., and then for one who had to wash for her living, and no one replied, so h e presented the bonn e t to the old lady whp had composedahe poem that was read in the morning Lucretia H. MowerPhilo Dibble,. aged 85 well known in Mormon history from having been shot; though the body in the times of of the Church was given a nice arm chair, also Sarah Parrish,' 80; Matilda Streeper, 87; Hannah Shepherd, 78; these were all invalidsand Anna E. Harper,' 75; dress patterns, fancy baskets with contents, china ware, gloves, and collars, were given to other old ladies of Springville; and canes, slippers, etc., la -- there seemed no lack of variety or abundance. The handsome young people who served the company were specially attentive and under the delightful shade of the waving boughs, it was a . ed I j T 1 . Cerina lohnson 7n! Tlita 'Nelson, 74; Joseph Allen, 73; Mary Ann Full mer, 75; Solomon Johnson, .74; Caroline Johnson, 71; Shephard H'utchings, 73; Johr!' Hatfield, 72; Jane James, 76; Hyrum W. Clark, 72. The announcement was made by the Committee that the presents would be given to the aged people on the train as they were returning home. President Wilford Woodruff spoke ashortjime, he stated that in all his extensivtravels he had never seen an assembly that impressed him so forcibly and pleasantly, or made him feel better than this assembly. He. felt thankful that we were alive and had been strengthened to endure the Vicissitudes through which we had passed,-anhad been able to redeem this desert land, and make it blossom as the rose. Pres. Woodruff spoke with reverential feeling of the aged veterans and felt to appreciate the respect shown to the Old Folks by the citizens of Springville. The President is himself 84 years pf age, and so well preserved j that he shows none' of the signs of old age, either in his appearance, his voice, or his walk, he walks as erect and firm-aa young man. There are few men in the world athi s age could speak as well, in fact there are " very fe w young men that can be heard so clearly and distinctly in the large tabernacle, or in an outdoor meeting as he can. Elder W. C.'Dunbar amused the assembly very much by playing his Scotch bag pipes. Brother Goddard who has a remarkably clear voice for his age sang "Maggie's by my Side." Elder C. R. Savage spoke in his usual happy style, thanking the Springville people and. calling the place, the' Old Folks' banner town, he thought the reception surpassed any heretofore accorded the old folks." The benediction 'was pronounced; by. Bishop Packard, of Springville and the company began to disperse, many goingo the cars ; others im- - . : s We're passing on with stumbling feet dur raiiKs are oreajcing aown. Song hath its charm, ariU oft our choir Have sung the old songs o'er; Now we can catch the same true fire, And join as ne'er before; " God bless eah one who lends a hand, " To make this well known day. And when they're old; may thousands stand With welcome and hurrah! Chorus. A d - facesbadges hente will greet Tr1iitli ; Since first the Old Folks ound good friends, ' To give their time, and means, deemed that neighbor love extends, Which everywhere redeemsl-An. many a tired and patient soul Who at the nr,St.came,i;utr--Has reached the other shored the goal With glad triumphant shout! Chorus. jSTew William Crmmeir 17 75; Jacob McCurdy, 73; Eliza Deal, 75; Lucretia H. Mower. 72: Beniamiin W. Brindle. 71: Sarah ' sj f Bnndle, 70; Mary A. Herbert, 73; Jacob Hoiitz, 76; Wm. Mendenhall;76; Sarah L..tMendenhall 73; Harriet Kindred, 74; Wm. Giles, 70; Ann Giles, 70; Margaret Parrish, 82; Cyrus Sanford, 76; Richard Bird, 70; Catherine Boyer, 74; Edward Pentington, 71; Elizabeth Whiting, 77; . We Tender willingly homage liowy To Old Folks all we vote three cheers, And the honored crown of a hundred years. every-body,render- years, re From many a thoughtful hand, Who vied in giving, more and 'more Than Old Folks e'en could stand, ' Without a heartfelt prayer to God That such may e'er be blest With plenty on the earth's green sod, And then with Heaven's own rest. Chorus. r thunder was heard in the distance and a soft gentle rain began to fall, but it soon passed over and the sun'shone out again. . , .. After returning to the grove the banc played some lively airs and MosesohnioT recited a humorous selection "The Old Timer." Elder W. C. Dunbar whose singing always pleases the song written expressly for the occasion by Elder Henry W. Naisbett, the choir joining in the chorus: e - Our GomTnittcchavc rofled and tried , In every needed way, To make our long or shorter ride, A grand high holiday! Their faces and their voices speak, In sympathetic tone. They're brethren, sisters for they seek The aged and the lone! Chorus. be counted .Eolks : Wis-comb- e, y -- The Old Folks, our Old Folks dear VVe greet you all with kindly cheer," Our vales and mountains honor thee; To your grey hairs we bow the knee; The only sovereigns to whom we bow Taylor, 7j Hajinah Harrison, 73; James 76 Ann Bramall, 70;. Charles Avery, 72; Mary Ann Rayland, 82; Eliza Devenishv 72; Agustus Cox, 74; Ann D.Bringhurst, 70; Lausen Roundy, 73; Mary Snelson, 73; Mary A. Douglass, 78; Rachel Spafford, 85; Martha Stephen- - In this good work long led; To-daupon the Rio Grande We take this looked-fo- r spin; God bless this fresh and liberal hand, W?hich thus our hearts could win! Chorus; . theOld j We've Governors had and Judges too, As year by year hath fled; The Utah Central, U. P. now, - worthy to be numbered with , CHORUS. ed "sifrer me gentlemen: nannan M. LMbbie, 82;: James Mi Peixce, 77; Newman Bulkley, 74 ; Andrew Larsen, 73.; Eliza A. Men'denhall, 81 ; Hailey p Averett, 76; "Noah Packard, 80; Polly P. Childs. 76; Orson Hulett, 76; Tobias Dallen, 85; Abram Vrogjhe etc. ftiends, jn The committee who pppprunitv . had charge of . the affair at Springville were Nephf Packard, H. MDougall, Don, C. Johnson, Li D. Franton and F. C. Boyer. Elder Tacob Gates, now senior President of the SeTemies7stated that it was the: anniversary of his baptism into the Church, fifty seven years before, at St. Johnsbury, Caledonia Co., Vt., by Elder Orson Pratt, and th at h e was confirmed on the same day by 0 rson Pratt and Zerubbabel Snow,' better known as Judge Snow. Brother Gates is now over 8of hale and hearty, traveling and preaching among the seventies, most of his :' time. On the trip homeward there was more singing by the Old Folks' choir, more lemonade, cakes, : candies, and oranges distributed, and suitable presents given to all the Salt Lake Co., old folks, and every one seemed pleased and satisfied with the dayjnothinghaving occurred to mar the enjoyment of the happy occasion. The management' of the train was perfect, arid the coaches were the finest '." 