WOMAN'S EXPONENT 152 full and is' very plan of organization, which It is ' outlined by Misa comprehensive. ' .. rWillard as follows: . ; "I believe we should organize a miniature council in every town and city, confederating the State . those in every State, and instructing Council to send delegates to the National Council. The plan would bo to let these deof national legates. form a lower' and the heads ...... ' .societies an upper "nouse, wnose - eon current -vote should be essential to the enunciation of flnw nrinntnln nr tha flHnntinn flf flnV nlan." The president of this society should be (as baa mio vuum aireauy Deen wiseiyoruaincu ujr should have for .but one term, and power, to choose her own cabinet from the seven ablest women of the country, representing- the industries, education; professions, philanthropies, reforms, and the religious and . . . . - A u;-eligi- ble Wp .fill on d . t h n courage, efficiency, and esprit' de corp.; widen ing our horizon, correcting the tendency to an Exaggerated impression of one's own work & compared with that of others, and putting the wisdom and expertness of each at the service of all. Nor would it require a vast, amount of effort to bring such a great movement into being, for the work of organizing is already done, and the correlating of societies now formed could be divided : among our leaders, each one taking, a State, or a number of chief towns and cities. Being organized inrthe interest of no specific propaganda, tbi great Association would UDite in cordial sympathy all existing societies of women, that with ia mighty aggregate of power ' we might move in directions upon which we could agree. Ur. ir.IttkwUanorne.PrMt. lira. U&tUeXalibltt'Tbomu,Sop - & m FAHCY ARTICLES, DRESS MAKING for CO-OPERATIVE Ladies & Children, and MERCANTILE and DRESS MANUFACTURING TRIMMINGS, BURIAL SUITS, GOODS ' 123 E. 1st SOUTH INSTITUTION nall,SULak(ilt7 lOpp.Clty -- mm ) ' inntn mmm-- i 1 have within the .national government, as on hv men.' a renublic of women, dulv rarrid ' j organized and officered, not in any wise an tagonistic to men, but conducted in their m- terest as much aa in our own, and tending'to ward such mutual fellowship among women, such breadth of kno'wledge and sympathy as should establish solidarity of sentiment and ," purpose throughout the nation of put a premium upon organized as against isolated efforts for human betterment, miaify the senscnof "self hood and magnify that of otherhood, training and tutoring women for of the nest gtep in the evolution great , ..... wnen i t i men anu women snau susiue numanity, in side government and the nations shall by DRESS GOODS, imiAtrs, NOTES AND NEWS. j'f!',, Miss Emma- 'Leach and Mrs. Beach have - recently became editors and publishers-o- f 4he Ackley (la.) Tribune--, The New England Women's Club has voted by a large majority to join the General Federation of Women's Clubs. Of the $95,500 appropriated by Congress for the National Commission of the World's Fair, $36,000 is foi- - the - use of the Women's Board of Managers. A reception was given on the evening of March 31, at the New Century parlors in Philadelphia, . to Miss Susan B. Anthony, learn-wa- r no more. Miss Florence Balgarnip of England, Mrs. "The Upper Council, as it might be called, Jane H. Spofford and Rev. Anna H, Shaw. Would, by this plan, consist of two" delegates, Mrs. Amelia E. Barr has just ' completed a from each society which, in ita judgment, was Scotch romance, entitled "A Sister of Esau," national in scope or value, one being the presiwhich she has sold to the New York Ledger dent of that society, the other chosen by bal$2,500. 50KThe story is laid in Fife; Mrs. lot at its last annual meeting preceding ' the tor Barr is residing now at Orange, N. J. session of the Council (which I would have The attempt at co operative housekeeping in: convened biennially). This- - Upper t Council ' would answer to the senate of tne United Evanston; 111., has failed. The States, and the Lower Council, made up of Housekeeping Association has made an assignment in the County Court. The assets are State Coun delegates chosen by the, forty-fou- r cils from their auxiliaries, would be analogous $4,000, and "the liabilities, $4,900.; all over the country will regret it; but, to the iiouse ot Kepreeentatives. fVYe should s thus have an organization that would include despite difficulties and frequent in all the various groups of women hitherto getting started, housekeeping is , ) 1 1 i in ON SALE PRINCIPAL POINTS women-workers- EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH . OFFICE TICKET UNION Main Street, Salt Lake City. . - S. W. ECCLES, Genl. Pass. Agt. Co-operati- ve House--keepe- rs 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st South St., SALT LAKE CITY. break-down- isolated (and, as a consequence in some degree provincial), while its basis would be so broad, ana lis pian so unique its aim so that no other society could consider its realm in any wise encroached upon. "The same democratic basis of organization should extend to the local councils u e., each should be made up of two delegates from each local society of women in the city, town or village, one being the president of said local society and the other chosen by ballot ofUhat society The State Cou ncil should be made up of two delegates each, chosen in like manform a ner from the local councils, these-tlower house in the State Council, and the presidents, with one other representative of "each State Society, toTorm the jjpper Council in each State, thtrpresident and iar-reacnin- o vice-preside- nt ally by a popular vote of all members of all r local societies tributary to the National Council. : -... , .. , ' We have wished for a" method of inducing women to cast their ballots on a large scale; this would be quite sure to arouse an enthusiasm that would "call out the vote." "As a financial basis.I would propose a dime a year to the National Council from each woman in' each local organization of women in the United States. This would be burdensome to no one, and would be paid outside of ail other fees. """S uchaatio 6ocieWwould incalculably increase the world's, sum total of "womanly " . bound to come. Leading Retail The The appointment of Miss Emily Hwland as a director of the First National Bank,of Auburn, N. Y., has called attention to the fact that several other women hold similar positions. Mrs. C McCullough Everhard has been a director of thft TTninn "Nntirmnl TlonV U of Massillon,0.,for the last three years.. The two largest national banks in San Antonio, Tex., have each a woman among the directors. Mrs. A? has - occupied su ch" place in the San Antonio National Bank for ten years, and Miss Sara Lockwood in the Lockwood National Bank for five years. At Mt. Sterling, Ky., Mrs. Laura M. Bent was elected diTectorotnhe Will be found styles and pioductlon Bank in 1887, and has the same office in the in New Farmers' Bank, which has succeeded the LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, ' former institution. ' FAKS, GLOVES, PARASOI, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And an elegant Msortmenf of NOTICE. . Cash. w - 'W m. Ei-Stribl- w fc M 4 mg- Special to the Ladies. AT TE AS.DE th-.lat- S st . far. Ellis R. Shipp's class in Obstetrics will open at No. 24 S., 7th East St., Monday, April 13th, at 10 a. m. The great demand for well trained nurses and competent .accoucheurs should be a stimulus to those ladies who have aptitude for these noble works, to take advantage of such schooling as that given in Dr. vu.lT viaww, nmuu is aiways on easy terms municate with Dr. E. R. Sliipp either by letter ' 1 ." per-sonally- or ID IT GOODS; Special department for Ladies'- Misses' ' and - In-fan- ta Shoes. 5 ZDTTXID 1H, 116, 11 EaU Tempi Sir JilMES 2s CO. T I N HERS CAS.YVATEB & STE A M FITTERS PTJMv Pompt Kepalred on short notice. lh country promptly responded to. Orders n-e- u 