10 WOMAN'S A JURY OF WOMEN. EXPONENT reaved family, and printed in the Utah Enyuirtr and WOMEN INVENTORS. VV'o- - MAN'S EXPONENT. M. M. Watson, Mrs. Ingersoll, proprietes of the Valley Patents have been granted to women for the House; the principal hotel in the city of week ending Mav 5, 1891, as follows: Douglas, Wyoming, refused to pay the wages II. Clomer; Fhiladelphia.Pa.j Inven- Louisa of two of her girls who quit work without givtion not specified. ing previous notice of their intention of doing Helen V. Holmes, Chicago, III. Device so. They appealed to the law and the case for stretching "and drying curtains. was brought before Judge Robinson; Fo week end i ng May-- ; 1 9: r Mr;, Ingersoll demanded a jury, The usual-forof summoning, six male citizens was Alice R. Eaton, Louisville, Ky Comb- Minnie when one Jones, Cleaner. being proceeded with, President. Adelaide J. Meldrum, Rachel Ann Gatherum, Roman's -- Ma ry -- S. C. Hart m an n, Red ding, Cal. Steamer for Cultfiary VeSselr Marie Mahondeau, runs, France, Extract ing Surar from Mola&es--Carrie McGrew Cincinnati, 0., Card Attachment for TypewTitting Machine. - saia: 'Mr. Judge, this is a. woman suifrage county and as we arc all women in this cae, can't we have a a woman jury ?" Judge Robinson consulted the attorney? lor both sides, and. as both were willing he directed the bailing to summon women to serve on the iury. .. ..,.: Tnis was done, add by the time the jury- - v- . r " were" noised about and ings crowded with spectators. nrn rA ii Tori Seara-Rressin- - g For week-endin- PRICE $1.00 PER YEAR. R. - - er. - Ex. Keeps on Hand ONE MORE GONE TO REST. POISE WAISTS, ETC. The consular reports on labor matters lately collected .for the English Parliament, showed and children is everywhere in progress." JShe was Pjreside Avhich position she Dresft Jtlakliig In all its branches, Millinery, latest styles. Hat and llonnets cleaned and retrimmed Feathers curl edyetc. Stamping dor.o to order. But. tons covered while you wait. Harlal Nnits a Speeialty FIRST SOUTH STREE "Mr 1ZO Hi, honorably filled until about a year before her demise; then she resigned on account of declining health She was an exemplary woman. alwarajreadY to a - m lssion wor k.- - 0 heis entmof 'b"wwwW1!rasmTllre,1 The counsel she gafe will long !e remembered mission kindergarten, and visits the mission the blind, on the dial of which the hours are indicated by twelve! projecting: pegs, one of which sinkseyery hour.' that Queen Victoria has of. ''It fered to make Lady MacDonald a Deer ess. in recognition of her husband's distinguished sei Vices to the empire." is reported by young mothers with whom she was associated. She was the mother of 3 children andx grand-childre- n She bore a strong testimony to the work of God and died as she had lived a faithful Saint. Retained her right mind until the last moment of her life. VVe do not wish her back to this world of sorrow, but feel that we have lost a true friend, and mother in Israel. May she rest in peace until the morning of the first resurrection. :LJ -- - The Leading Retail Qasli Hoi3Lse .Maryette Waldron. - IN MEMORIAM. "Mis3 Palmer, of Philadelphia, who is the champiohnDiliesilk worm, is making pre- mEmJ the sisters of the Relief Society of the Fourth' Ward, Provo City, unanimously adopt the following resolutions. jSjcialJ -- Mrs. Julia Ward Howe's energy of mind cannot bo better illustrated than by the fact that she began the study of Greek when she was nearly 70 years old. Now, at T2, she has j u st read the plays 0 frSdphocleamliripn: al. ''Z. AirniS-- t n'' " " " r , ..1.,. iiiu urn uuiuiu iiu ji vyuiuau a proiCS- sorship at the State University of Michigan has become a law. This is the result of the movement begun by Mrs. Lucinda II; Stone, and seconded by the women's clubs." . Mrnerva Parker, the architect of the Woman's Century Club building in Philadelphia, and the Isabella Pavilion of the World's Fair, is a slight, willowy oung woman with a Madonna face, ..from which the dark hair lscombed back smoothlv, and beauti' - JUl UAliW c. mm VVe, JTopeka'.-- , To the parations to start factoryt w She will, it is said, furnish the capital who her-self- ." City Hall. SALT LAKE CITY. '. L OpiMHtite 6T28f30IM32 -vi- ee-prestd "A Swis woman has invented a watch for Tremont DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- . frequently. 9, Dough-Knea- d At Richville, Morgan Co., May 6th,i89i,we were called to part with a noble woman. Sister Fanny Parks Taggart, wife of Geo. W. Taggart. , She had been a member of the Church 55 years. Was one of those sisters who made the sacrifice of her husband to go and assist in the war with Mexico. Came to Utah in 1852, and finally settled in Morgan Co., where she died. 1 General Manager," Room Temple, Boston, Mass. Texaa, Lydia Stecknell, Atchison, Kan., ' "Mrs. Grover Cleveland is much interested Editornd Yan, N. Y. Gatesville Burt, SAMPLE COPY 3 cts. Chemise. way gave a. verdict for theservant girls, 'lhe result was applauded by the spectators and the jury women were warmly congratulated as ihaUeslatio d Address: ELIZA TRASK HILL. 2: Mary Hi Rrigman, Penn Brush. Emma 1 ri Trrectmgsr June g M wona-renowne- BertrnrfcReqnardt for the Hair. onA in a ViaJnoca. NOTEB AND NEWS. . Cosmetic. the room was they stepped up to the clerk's desk to receive their warrants for, the jury duty. -- Ex. " rt The testimonyj)f the. plaintiff and defendant was given and the case was argued at length by the attorneys for both sides. The jury listened attentively, and several of the ladies asked questions as the case was heard. --They retired to the jury room when r on iiToa A bright newsy Weekly paper," treating oFair reforms that affect women: is a firm defender of the public schools, and gives information concern-- ' ing them. It contains reports of the w. U. T., the King's Daughters and Missions. Exposes the dangers threatening the nation from Immigration, the Liquor Traffic and Roman- t ism gives mil reports 01 tne Boston Music Hall Patriotic. Sunday afternoon Mary A. Turley, Yonkers, N. Y Ironing-SuppoMachine. or Abigail -I- I.-- Bullock, Philadelphia; Pa.7 . oice AND PUBLIC SCHOOL CHAMPION. . . tiffu - Committee. r m -- . departed this life May 20th, 1891. :. She was born in Roland, England, March 2nd 1839. She was married to John, Bennett, Feb, 1st 1863, was the mother of twelve children, ten sons and two daughters, ' . seven sons who survive her. She-waa faithful member of our Society, and an active teacher for several years, she had a kind and cheerful disposition, and was ever willing to help the sick, and those in trouble, she was an affectionate wife; and indiigntituuiw- Whereas our Heavenly Father has seen fit to call from our midst by the hand of death, our beloved sister and friend Therefore be it resolved tljat we recognize in the death M our sisterjhe loss of a faithful teacher and In" " s A. T? TT El Aw S D JE Ji S Will be found th latest styles arid pipdnctions In "5 i LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, PAN S, GLOVES, PAR ASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES DIR-- GOODS: X for Ladies Misses' and special department Shoes. 112, 114, 116, US In-fant- 'i FaH Temple Sir co-lator- er th-Rel- ief Society,- 1 - ..1. .,.;- - ...:...:...... - Resolved that we esteem her goodness and patience and uncomplaining endurance, worthy of our imitation. Resolved that we extend our heartfelt sympathy to the family of the deceased, and with them acknowledge the hand of our Father in heaven. Resolved that be entered into the Relief Society record, also a copy be presented to the be- these-resolution- s TINNERS GAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS Agen t for RUJIS E Y'S eel cbrated LIFT an d FO RC K PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short notloe." Orders trom -- the coentry promptly responded to. US3. Bob 306. SILT LAS 2 CUT, ' 