WOMAN'S EXPONENT. theirjvisitors repaired to the residence of the Prisi- dent, where they found preparations for supper-the tables profusely decorated with lovely flowers and the large dishes of cherries and strawberries added to the fine appearance of the tables and the fragrance of the feast of good things. It was a happy occasion and one long to be remembered from. the interchange of thoughts and senti ments. ' vited as also the visitors. The tables? were loaded with good things and fruits and flowers in abun. dance added to the enjoyment of the repast. At Mrs. Nebeker's we found Mrs. it. D. Brinton and Mrs. Lorena Nebeker old friends of former times i who are both now very feeble, but in good spirits and rejoicing in the Gospel. These reunions are productive of good feeling.and often bring together those who seldom meet except on such rare occasions, because of the busy life of women nowadays, and various duties that occupy their time and attention to the exclusioa of social r -- The Western Association of writers have .sent us a very polite invitation to be present and par- ticipate in the literary and social enjoyments of their Sixth Annual meeting to be held at Warsaw, Ind. At this meeting a large number of important questions are to be discussed by some of the ablest scholars and thinkers in the; country. A choice miscellany,; literary, "musical and tionary will add to the interest of the occasion supplemented by numerous pleasure excursions., boating, sailing etc. The Convention willbe ;hed;atYVafsa Lake Hotel on Monday evening July 6th, and close with a Banquet on Friday evening July 10th. Daily sessions will be held at the Tabernacle, Spring Fountain Park, with one days session in the Pavilion at Lakeside Park. Each afternoon will be devoted to rest and recreation and it will doubtless be a delightful week at this summer gath e ri ng, and fo r "literary fellowship.'1 The Agricultural College established at Logan is in a flourishing condition, and especially so considering the short time it has been In active operation. It is as stated in the Annual,"an edu cational departure,"and what would formerly have been considered an absurdity to actually teach farming as a science but it has come to this. -- entertainments. f:" : And we wish on this occasion .IPure goodwill to show-t- all. Gratefully we all remember Honors that to you we owe, You have passed the life's December And our love we wishlo show. r. -- n oitm it tiriii lit onU cUUWli kr flUUUVO of learning as relate to agriculture and the mechanic arts." Fancy some of theold farmers in New England a century ago being told how to farm frombookr6f they would have been and yet it has come to pass. ."It is the fashion, the custom qfjihj 'Vtrct - w !inr! mum- WUUUliiS - f v LU111C . IU- - w T lUia UIlUCISlHUUlUg UI UOIUg things in order and in the sensnn thereof1 Thr is much interesting reading matter in the Annual, and we noticed .with much satisfaction the following clause. "The ycrung women of the Territory attending the College will be put on an equal footing with the young men for obtaining a special the pamphlet issued for 1891 and 1892, it would seem that the look out for the future is hopeful well assured. It is rerfaitilv and its snrrpss nrettv 1 . J j a great blessing to have a college for agricultural purposes and pursuits in a Territory depending so much upon the tilling of the soil for the sus, ;. tenance of life. 22nd Ward held an annual meeting, the second cinro ttio rrctir??ttn in thf new anH hanrlsnme . . . Ward meeting house, to wnicn tne Kenet society has contributed generously. Mrs. Rachel Whipple presided ; she was formerly President of the 19th Ward, wh i ch included both wards now know n as 19th and 22nd, but as population increased and spreaa out over a wmer aisinci 01 country, u ... y. -- . ue-ca- me necessary to divide into two wards. The well house is very handsomely finished inside as out and at this meeting the sisters had brought several handsome bouquets of flowers, that always add to the attractiveness of any assembly or gathering. Mrs. M. I, Home, Mrs. B. W. Smith, Mrs! E. Stevenson and the wnteJ werez visitors on this occasion, and each made, a short speech, dwelling upon the significance of the times and the position of woman, the training of children, and the need of faith and a testimony of the Latterday work. After the meeting there was a sort ofbanquet aMhe xesjdence of 3IrsLJLs, Nebeker one of Mrs. Whipple's CounseIors,where all the active, members: of -- the Society were ia. Through unending happy years. William Clegg. The Rio Grande Western Railway with their usual generosity gave free transportation to the Old Folks to and from Springville for the annual 71 S7 fourteen coaches and a baggage car decked with the stars and stripes left the Denver 0epot, for their destination. At the stations south far as as Draper aged people were taken on the train. The run to Springville was very smooth. and a happier company was seldom if ever seen, than were on board that train. The Committee were kind and assiduous in their attentions to all and theZOH Folks' Choir,'' sung in, each car for the entertainment of the veterans, ."The Continental Railway." When the train reached Springville there was a most inspiring sight greeted these aged peoples the crowds of happy faces both of children and grown' people with cheers of welcome, and the Springville band playing national airs to welcome and honor their - aVed visitors.- - The walk tn thp grove was strewn with new mown hay, a most delightful aroma, and there was an archway at the entrance, decorated withbu greens with the words .lVeterans Welcome.,L.On the right of the path were the young men and maidens in line, dressed for the occasion with reel- white and blue turbans the same color of rosettes or floating ribbons on the right arm, they made quitea"pretty" showing and behind them vvef e. the tables tastefully laid out and ornamented with flowers, iVrich profusion, fairly "groaning with the weight of the feast." Packard's Grove where the company assembled is a delightful plaYe, beautifully. shaded with the soft graceful foliage o, the tall and handsome trees, and everything had been made ready for the comfort and convenience of the assembly. A stand with a large and commodious platform and seats, sufficient for the purpose, where very soon Presidents Wilford Woodruff and George Q. Cdnnon, Bishop W. "B. Prestohy Presidents Jacob Gate s an d George Reynolds of the Seven ties, ancf Presidents Angus M. Cannon, Joseph E. Taylor, and Charles W. Penrose of the Salt Lake Stake, also Pres. A. O. Smoot of the Utah Stake and Bishop Packard of Springville with quite a number of ladies, committee, choir, and reporters, "were seated. The stand was draped with the stars and stripes and streamers floating ;n the breeze. There were hanging around mottoes of the differents states with the date of their admis sion into the union. The exercises, conducted by Don C. Johnson begun with patriotic jnusic by the band, after which the Springville choir sang, en-.rou- te SPRINGVILLE'S ld'ihezVeierans'-Vlsiiin- g SONG OF WELCOME tis June Tune "Mandor." Vet'rans here we gladly greet you, Welcome to our lovely town, We' will try to entertain you With the very best we own. You deserve consideration, We make; no partition wall, ..... rStk, iSgr, , When pur mortal lives are ended,' When we pass to other spheres, May our pleasure be extended : OLD FOLKS' RED LETTER DAY. I - We would so reveal affection While you stay with us today, That from mutual recollection , It may never fade away, . - " ' Prayer was offered by the chaplain, Bishop " Packard. Hon. F, C. Boyer delivered an address of which he praised the originators of the movement and congratulated the vtsitprs ouJthe great harmony that existed even though tlft re were differences of views and opinions among them. He also read a welcome in verse written by Lucretm H. Mower an aged lady of Springville. Pres. Geo.Q.Cannon who was called upon to re spond to the address of welcome, in the course of his remarks said that the honor, paid to old age was a test of the civilization of a people ah "evi dence of their advancement. Expressed his, and pleasure.in seeing religious political differences banished for the time and ail meeting as members of the great human family. Thought it would indeed be a red letter day to the people of xtr a rrinorv51I :n,,n1,.J ie Via rlA u w .A hiih. i.v.ii in v Lilt, uit .iiiiv ill r wrii Mrs. Lillie Boyer Gleason sang "Bring Back the Old Folks," she has a fine voice and excellent expression, her singing was very sweet, and en- 2 )0y atn e'TTi e I fbl 6 w i b address was then delivered by Mrs. Geo. E. Andersen,. the lady has a full clear voice and forcible in tone and man ' ' nr.:r"J , ' ' . wel-come- in 1 1 M 1 .1 -- 1 ; - THE OLD FOLKS What memories cluster around this hallowed name; the names of parents now with us and those departedTto a better land ! They always have the warmest corner in our hearts, the holiest snnne id our memories. '. Our old folks, whom we honor today, from the septuagenarian to those hoary locks .crowned with the star of a hundred years, where else upon the broad earth can such' a sight be witnessed? Veterans from every clTme,patriots from all lands, here seated beneath the cool shade of Utah's verdure, swept by the vivifying breezes from Utah's grand mountains, bending above, us the 4luesVof blue skies Here J J l w 1 J w V V , -- WW sturdy Briton, who first saw, the blue Albion vales' the land of Shakespeare, Hampden and Cromwell, coursing in their veins is the blood of the Plantafrenets. thev have brought to our trlnrion.. .. loving spirit so prevalent in the breasts of loyal Americans. Some present here; today first breathed fhfrair In bnnnip Scotland, the lnnrl nf Scott, Livingstone and Burns, the home of the I Cn A'. Klim hart tV r - aMo i iiTav.ije rf i nrl uvoi'ivir JX kj viwo Kal ui.il uuu ail lit swelLihe ranks of our Old Folks' party today- ,the freedom loving spirit of the old Norsemen burning in their veins; Denmark's low sea jrirt isle furnisher of her sons anOaugliters to make- up the numbers of our Old Folks' jubilee. The nncnH" cwdl cnn . w . the "nnlrl wwv. n,.ml,r. lu J f v.11 UU1 " " .from UUlilUWlahonor of this jubilee. Sunny France, classic Italy, romantic Spain and many other nationalities are represented by the Silver Grey veterans before us, honored by all. We feel proud to do you honor; we look iu you as pioneers oi numan progress; it was . - V - - 