WOMAN EXPONENT. .H BOX ELDER Y. L. M. I. A. - There was an abundance of the good things thought that on. account ; of her age. and in of the edrth prepared to which all present did firmities it would be for the best interests of The Young. Ladies- Mutual Improvement ' . thcBociety for her to resigrrwhieh ehe accordAssociation of Box Elder Stake met in con" ample justice. 'There was a good programme rendered con ingly did. The sifters, however, could not fnrence at Brigham City, Sept. 9th, President feel to give her up and after a spirited dijcussisting of songs, speeches, (short ones of course) Minnie J. Snow presiding. A splendid prosiou showing the long and faithful labors of recitations etc, among other things the followwas provided by our energetic Presigramme oisier nowu sue was umiuimousijf eusti-cdent who spares neither pains nor labor in her ing original poem written by John F. Anderson for the occasion was read and well received: as President of the II. S. of Reaver Stake, efforts to make these meetings, as also everywith full permission to throw the most of her LINES OF HONOR TO THE RELIEF SOCIETY OF pertaining' to the association, a success. labors upon her Counselors which are not yet thing is As it the very busiest time of the year, SCOFIELD. , chosen. the fruit season, some little anxiety was felt Relief Society a name of honor too. The reports were encouraging showing that as to whether the conference would be well' at? I i t j.ii-.,.- : is i What the mission you are sent to do; uotwnnstanaing me aun unies, uuu tjeueriu tended,but never did the young 'ladies turn" out Is tky name, a byword, or thy mission here in vain? slackness of the people, the sisters have kept better than on the present occasion; and the Oh! that I could tell it thy mission and thine aim. jrtJinewith their duties remarkably well, animated faces and pleasant smiles told plainly ., and the sick and poor. visiting To tell of thy great mission designed by heaven above, caring for, how well everybody felt repaid for coming. Much good instruction was given with re All the wards with the exception of the three Requires that inspiration that in the Prophet moved, storour to our children, duties, raising gard fartkereat away were represented. The exerjt moved him to take action, to organize you here, ing grain, sustaining the Exponent etc. , cises jvere highly interesting, instructive and: That you might bless humanity, in this your humhle Conference adjourned for three months. sphere, ably rendered. There was an address on "Wo Singing, benediction; by Patriarch Daniel wans Influence, by Mrs: L. V ance; a d On everjr.hand .they're sighing. to get relief , to. day .- . -.! - : u - " . . , . . . -- ' . rse Tyler. - on .Franchise :Wouldrdo,: for iVV'hat Utah Women' by Mrs. A. H. Snow; an essay ' on "The Light of Home by Miss Jaufe The branches of the Relief Society of Utah Stake held their quarterly conference, Aug. r i: T1 r.o.1 lofti zoiu, loji. xres.auary uoiu presiumg wuu her Counselors. Conference opened with singing "and prayer. Pres.; John said it should for us to listen to the' renorts. not be tedious , . tor we; snoula all wish to Know where our means are used-Tjers"arejcping;a. ot the work; good spoke subjects ot charity would" like to hear from' 'the and love, etc., different Presidents, and would now give way for them. The reports that were given in before the intermission were favorable to those represented showing unity and "faith-and- -a desire do continue faithful to the to right and wu euu. vouiertuue 6 p. iu. ...,, i.ik- auiuumcu Afternoon session opened with singing and prayer. The presidency of the Stake were present with us. T- he to-b- Thena correspondance Hubbard, Willard. UTAII STAKE. e - - . How is Chanty regarded by the Latter-da- y Saints," replied to by Miss M. F. Peters: and next an address on "Obedience by some one from Fair View; followed by an article entitled "Ubservance of the Sabbath, by Mrs. J. Jen- sen, JJlantua. In the afternoon "Manners and-Gusto- of ms American Women," was treated on by Mrs. Lillie Horsleyr and "Customs and Characteris tics o( European Women," by Mrs. S. Valen tine; Mrs. Mary jNelson followed with an article entitled' "Woman's Rank in' Life;" and "Are the Gifts of the Gospel still with the Latter-daSaints," was treated on byMrs.M.T. Forsgreen. A Book of Mormon sketch "Life of rAlmaandMosTahsons," wasT Riven fc rieien lhompson, JJear KiverCity. and A,.nrogramme to intermingled with vocal and instrumental music, among which were, "Love's old sweet song, JMaggie Widerborg; instrumental duet 'Golden Clouds'" by" MfeseCEffie Enslgja' and - y . ied well-respond- " Every placeyou travel in they need telief "some' way; It may not be for clothing, it may not be for food, But for a word of comfort to bless the weary head. - 'Tis true that bread and clothing in times of .need doth . prove A blessing far, far greater than any word of love;. But very few are lacking for those needful blessing here, But many souls are sighing just for a word of cheer. . " t And oh! how kind words checreth the heart that's sinking ' l0W( . . , When all seems dark and gloomy, through life's troubles ' ; here Uelow, When clad in heavenly feelings a sister enters then : Her loving words prove blessings, to hearts that are inpajri. " ' - This may all seem simple unto the simple mind, But these are daily blessings, desired by human kind; For every soul that mourneth many hearts do sigh To get a word of comfort, from a sisterpassing by. There are many souls now thirsting for blessing in this ed Who've plenty food and tlothing yet unhappy all the day Because some words of anger or hatred found its way, With aUjlmeamssdng was gay. r, , 7Tr i" lu Mercv This to me appears life's mission, aim, and end, thought it a great privilege we had of meet- - LdesU8Lover Tmy Souli ins together in these conferences of the Relief hear To" bless poor erring mortals wherever they are found; rendered ladies my effectively by prayer," In brief it is the mission of our sisters gathered here i ti as wun l Society which was organized by the Prophet as wen ana re snort voices, timely This Joseph for the purpose of doing good. marks by different sisters, was proof against all To cheer and bless each other,, in their Society dear. is on we our the increase, Society perform Now may there be reunion with our sisters in this place, lKnrs nniPtlv Knf irA ial.nnlil nlwava etrivA fhr weariness altnougii tne day was very warm. ot the exercises. President close the At May their meeting and their doings be blest withcreat the spirit of God to guide us with humility Clawson about the spoke very eucduragingly success, ' and love. Let us visit the bick and encourage association, dwelt on the greatness of woman's And may their humble efforts to comfort one and all 7 and build them up, etc, work and gave some good and sound advice to Be crowned with heaven's favor from the great unto the f Pres. Smoot had not met with us for some the small. peopled He was followed by: Coun s;. time but was pleased to do so today; spoke on seloryoung C. Kelley who expressed his gratification the duties of the Relief Society, which was at May they sustain each other in their assemblies here been this conference at of present having And envy", strife and hatred, be banished from their to help the poor and needy, visit the sick and the which he ladies, was the thought joung f" re; those in distress, comfort those, that mourn, best he ever had attended and this was thought the means and bind up the broken-hearteMay 10 their names be added these words- most noble t indeed ainutual assoeiation improvement colle(rted"byTthrSociely"forthe poor was to be Pres. Minnie Snow made the closing reExcuse the rhyme and writer, I bid you all adieu. used for that purpose and no other, and if any marks, in her usual brisk and practical way, After the rendering of the programme offering suggestions here and there and reon hand, let them give to a branch where of the Him from whom all ..dancing was indulged in until a late hour. girls there aro poor that need help. The sisters minding comes and exhorted them to make Lvery cne expressed their of the appreciation arLnotjiihared from helping in any, industry knowledge Him the foundation of all their works. After efforts' of the Relief Society, and praised them they please, or in doing good in .any other way siuging and benediction, the without stint for the excellent and ably coif- conference, altobut the means collected by the Relief Society the most enjoyable affair we have had ducted party they gave. for the poor, should be used for that purpose gether a Rachel Hood, feec and for no other purpose whatever. Pres. tor long time, adjourned for three months. , : L : , '. . - d; -- -- Smocrtalsspo their children, advised them to know where their sons and daughters were at night and be careful who they associated with, etc. Pres. Job i4 .endorsed Pres.. Smoot's remarks, made some additional remarks on the same subjects.- -; Pres. Guff followed on the same subject; eulogized the Society for the great work they had done and the help they had beeiiJtheiesrlod,in:cariQg4b etc. Conference was then adjourned for three months, after singing and praver. : Carolike jOamels, Sec scofield. ' Editor Woman's Exponent: 7 : ScoheldrEmerrCorte . COLOxVIA DIAZ, MEXICO. On 10th, 1891, the Relief Editor Expon eist:-.,,-- Monday . August -- n nnn nwA - an ui ima anniversary!-Entertainmen- t k.v.vv tiaw gave We have been advised bv Pres. Teasdale, to all the people of the ward to send you a report of the organization of vu vuuiiucuiuraiu me inira its of existyear our Relief Society, and also a Statistical and ... t j t a rr u uciug mree cuuc, we since years were FinanciaL Report, We wre-orga- n just ii.ed: by organized. The entertainment was under the immediate Bishop William Derby Johnson Jr.'on the 5th of January 1888, with six officers and supervision of the President and her members. This was in the early twenty-fou- r of this days settlement, when we" were living . .MPt I A - . ' V . -- f : ; -- 