7 OMAN'S EXPONENT 192 tV from tfaeso ITEMS FROM countries would also be of the greatest interest and value. .We are;. fortunate in thus being able to present our plans and 16 ask nothing from the ladies-buand their gympathic an expression of their views as to how the .cause of woman may best be served; our build-- , of charge ing and its facilities being offered free ' to all the women of the country; For the first time in our history tha mothers, wives and daughters'- of America have been permitted to assist in the management of an important national enterprise,' and have been allowed the high but demoralizing privilege of- slipping their lingers into the natiounl purje, - in order that they may prepare an object lesson, showing the progress of women during the century in which educational and other .- Dka u -- " ' : " "V clusively to man; that she can do many things and do therri all well, and that there are no intellectual; heightssho. cannot cale. Hers are essentially the arts of peace and progress, and her best work is shown in the reforms. she has had the courage and the ideality to d wrongs, both inaugurate agaiust in the gradual legislative and social, and elevation of the standard of morality; jpeople 16 help a. August I am always very much interested in the things except by a mass of statistics, which be come steuificant, onlv when intellicrentlv and sympathetically read. VVilKyou not aul us with your experience and thought to sh'o,v woman's work as a beautiful whole, with its animating, spirit, and not as a ihere maps of material thinirs? Wc wish the World's Fair of 1 893 to b$ "rriemofahle as a grearelhihi t ion, greaterthan any which ever preceded it,but we aljo wish its hist qrjjo be a goi(lertpa5.(yia.JJie ; . the articles written by the Sisters; we are a long way from any large settlement, but we often go to St- - hi. i? ;riTO;;D:.,h..-wv-k- - we have a good market for hay. and grain in the Spring. --- annarfforworhaW' a. p. ;' : Mrs. M. Isabella Horne.Prest. Mr.MattieNalsbittThomafi,Snp DRESS GOODS, I'OJAN'S . FANCY ARTICLES, MERCANTILE and DRESS MAKING for Ladies & Children, DRESS GOODS and MANUFACTURING TRIMMINGS. , BDRIAL SUITS. ... INSTITUTION 123 E. 1st SOUTH CO-OPERATI- VE Hall.Salt Lake Uty Opp-Clt- y T-- J0 mmwk,m mum mm r ;r ..-Vgryfrffi- 26,28V30and32Easl 1st SduthSt, yf Kate. Clj:. S AI,T:L AKB : CIT com- - mitteejof five of its most, able women to IN MEMORIAM. consider; the work we are trying to do for our sex at the Fair,aud to present to us at an Died in Mill Creek, May the first 189 1. Louisa Ruth early, dato their suggestions aud advice as-thow. we may accomplish the great end eldest daughter of Charles L. and Martha L. North,, aged months". we have in view, and to inform us in what five years and six She died of la grippe just one week after her father was manner their associations will be able to coburied which was a sad blow to her mother. operate with our Board' in its work, and we She was a member of the Primary Association. Was . ! oil' that 4Viotruofl ,.. uppnua-- " tliaiv ht and inteiijgCnt and was beloved by all her little play- r tionsfor space, etc., to our headquarters in J hr - f mas Chicago, where they will be gladly receivwl 1Utle ctiidren t0 come unto me and forbid and ; most, carefully, considered- - and acted tnotforSUch is the kingdom-o- the heaven.'' upon. A Fuller, , Jiiard-of-Lat.Ehe Mao agersri lycation of the hospitality and fraternal feeling t lister Anne ensen, 01 tne Manti South. Ward. .... ' shown it, has great pleasure in askiug, that died May 12th, 1891, at the age. of fifty years, after a when the members of this distinguished body lingering sickness of eMghrfnonths. She was born in . o mi,,! 1 PHOTOGRAPHS COLORED & ENLARGED. We urgently request, therefore, that each Vij;ui4iiviuu iuucacuitu. lieie uppoiui, : j - 9 a m. to m. 2 p.m. to (Tp.m. George to Conference meetings. Sister Susanua Johnson is President of our Relief Society, which is a very good one" attended by all that are old enough to be members, Sister Zephyr Nixon is President of the-- Primary the children all take an active part, and it is well attended; we hope to see th0 day this valley will be more thickly settled then of course we can have a more interesting time. We cut five crops of hay and could cut mora hnr. Ktnp.lr is tnrnpd Innst-- yva Wva a. wnnrl ! i . KATE WELLS, t Wednesdays and Fridays. - ir " Exponent and take pleasure in reading 4 that the most, valuable part is spiritual, and that it is difficult to show progress in abstract 1 -- WS8 usethe abundance of water wc have, then we will be more free from chills; no-'the health of the ipeople is rpgenerally good; , t t tieseases or any Kind Dottier us mucu our warmest weather is the latter part of July and time-honore- We , feel the necessity of showing this ' beautiful influence and the- - advance which it has caused, but are handicapped by the fact Manti, which cost her about $500. Since 1881 she paid to the Temple 40 in cash, to tithing $165 besides donations and" fast offerings all of which she earned with her own hands; performed the work for her dead relative and friends who were to the number of 111 in the Manti Temple; Sister Jensen refused every assistance during her ill' health, and worked post of the time, even when sick. She was a marvelous example of industry, economy, firmness of character, and faithfulness to all duties as a Latter-day- .: Saint: a faithful teacher m the R. S. of , her Ward and worthy member of the Church.' F.hf dicd"asshe - ' lived;j 3, true and- faiihfnt- T J Vl4jf Saint, looking forth to a glorious resurrection, which she . well deserves. ''"the of Sister Jensen, our Society in death that Resolved, tv.c Incf a faithful fparhpr and member nf nnr Wor a. , sister and a friend, and that our loss is her gain, in which we feel to acknowledge the hand of our Heavenly Father Anna Rj Keller, Sec, ' thing, I have lived here for ten years and have seen snow; once. We want more seltlerso help build up the -- " . pientyaxt-eariyvegemni in a beautiful valley as nice as anyone could wish to make a home in. We can traisq al' most uny thing that we put in the ground; we enjoy pleasant winters, snow is a very rare privileges have been aeurded her- We wish to show that with the enlargment of her opportunities, her sphere ha extended and broadened until she now works 'successfully in CJ 1 i -- : J-- Editor: , - ' OVERTON. Thinking., that perhaps some of our friends would like to know about our little village away out T in thet 1 southern part of Nevada,i. I I ' thought l. would write a.iew lines ito me We are enjoyin Woman's Exponent. very "cool, wtather for this time of year, have had a few nice showers of rain which makes things -- look - more beautiful; men- - are-bu- sy harvesting grain, you can hear the song of the birds and the rattle of the machine in almost of beautiful gohbu grain; we have every fiuJd ' r.-- i n,, t v I - The Leaclind Retail Cash. Hoixse m 'iCT jfi O 3ME f F. . vuo Roberg, Hjorring Co., Denmark, March 29, 1841. She was the oldest gir of her parents, and after the death o her mother took a mother's duty upon her shoulders to rear her younger brothers and sisters. In the year 1861 she visited the Baptist Society, but before joining any of them, v aa waer ot the Church of Jesus LaUer-day of s'alnts believed hi5 teachings and was Chmt uiauj. iissuciaiiuiis nertj visit the coming Exposition; as represeuieu "of course they willj they at oace make themselves known to the representatives of our .Board, who will be glad to receive and welcome them in the Woman's Building, where every cunvuieneo and facility for their comfort will be provided in The Board also most cofdially ad, pressiny i h? lhtmnt' ! 1862 by E14er ia 63, married a man by the name Uwen emigrated this CannrU v hnW it, . . . '.I.- ..,1, u,,uaWua4 j t,. , ,0T wy 7r1r"iararlaDOT in rifT meeting (JhieasoTat thlime1' oTlflM' mS wora Spi ou bQdiI neady Columbian Expositiou, when it will place at f thecoun3eI rtlie ' theserviceof the ladies the assembly room in the f 1 T Woman's Building, and should that not prove t WOrked in tbe BI'the's 0rdcr I large enough, through our Congress Auxilbrv ? an4 ,eft n. the magnificent Auditorium her:dee nT " ' com' for the meeting of the International ! and ,iiV4 " : I lntL.Z ft;t... f A-- c- Ke5Isoa-invite- s 1 " I s " gS 1 ; f Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEUS Will be found th latest styles and pioductlons LACESRUCHES JSMBRODEiUES--FAN- S, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES 7 And an elesani assortment o jDizir' department for 3-b-b Special fant's Hhoes. . Ladie i ids'. MissesI and U2U4tl6tlS Bat Tin HERS GASWATER : Intr- - Temple STEAfsl TITTESS ! Of Women. ; T ; . V ' . , carpet weav.ug, by dililgent labor and economy earned enough io a few yeafto buy a home, in liUMSEYeelevratdUPTandFOKl; I'UJII'S. Pumps Repaired cu short notice. Orders ; thecoantry promptly responded to. CATS .HS. 8i 3CS,SXL? Uf ciIf ., t; ,; ..:. 