W O M A N ' S E X P 0 N E N T'. 90 He forgets not1 charity, that characteristic Of all the heroines of the poets methinks Portia approaches the nearest to the ideal woman of our own time and race. --Tennyson has given us a number of view3 of the woman of feudal times,yet they do not approach the high mental and moral standard of a Portia. Again they are found occupying me position 01 me cnoice mi 01 property, wuu their individuality entirely absorbed in that of their husbands. " In the early history of" our own America, the standard of woman again approaches that "ofjhe patriarchal age portrayed by Solomon. Longfellow of all American poets the peer,has much to say about woman. One of his most familiar and characteristic thoughts being that which occuf3 in his Hia- so essential in either sex. "She slretcheth out her hand to the poor; yeashe xeacheth forth her, hn(U to the needy. She is not afraid of the snow for her household;, for all her household are clothed with scarlet." She is not without pride of her good looks for he tells us She niaketh herself coverings of tapestry; herclothing is silk and purplel The same rule must hold good as to her .. -. . family, for , Her husband is known in the gates, when he fcitteth among the elders of the land. She maketh fine linen, and selleth itf and watha: . ... INTERESTING LETTER. New-Mexic- or . h io-dee- So unto the man is woman, Though. she bends him, she obey him. Though she draws him, yet she follows. "" Useless each without the other.' " Father. -- "Then, as he opened the door, be beheld the formof the drift . Piled at her knee, her white hands feeding the ravenous spindle; While with her foot on the treadle, she guided the - wheel Tri its motion. ... , . - 9- Making the humble house and the modest apparel of home spun Beautiful with her beauty, and rich with the wealth of her being." cssA- - heroio&&f sti I b line. "Fair was she to behold,, that maiden of seventeen sum- mers. Black were her eyes as the berry that grows on the thorn by the wayside. Black, yet "how softly they gleamed, beneath the brown " shade of her tresses! Sweet was her breath as the breath of kine that feed in the meadows. When in the harvest heat she bore to the reapers at noon- . tide ale, ah! fair in sooth was the Flagons of home-brewe- d ' : . 'What calls for vengeance but a woman's cause Are fair endowments and a beauteous face Beloved by none but those of Atreus' race? The wife whom choice and passion doth approve, Sure every wise and worthy man doth love.' . . : ..maiden," r, Fairer was she when, on Sunday morn, while the bell from ; the turret , with the air, as the priest with his sounds Sprinkled holy ' , hyssop, : - The bard of Avon in his magnificent- - character of Portia, gives'us a striking picture of the higher Roman woman.' as evinced by such thoughts . v Sprinkles the congregationr-and iipon "'. them, Down the long street she passed, with hep chaplet of beads and her missal, 7 her Norman Wearing cap," and her 'kirtle of blue, and the scatters-blessin- -- gs v. High-minde- d r "If .to do were as easy as to know what were good to do, chapels had been churches, and poor men's cottages princes' palaces. It is a good divine that follows his own instructions; I can easier teach twenty what were good to be ' ear-ring- s,' ,o ,. t ..." : heirloom Handed down from mother to child through long genera. own teaching." on her face-an- ' .1 Obedient where she felt it due,, as is shown confession, by the following. Homeward serenely she walked, with God's benediction 4tIf I live to be as old as Sibylla, I will die. upon her, as chaste as Diaua, unless I be obtained by the When she had passed, it seemed like the ceasing of ex- manner of my father's will." quisite music." Honorable where she says to him who holds her heart's best feelings: So generally have the poet's written about choose how teach could to "I you right, but woman, that she. may almost be called the I am then forsworn; so will I never be." 'Poets Inspiration," yet to review a hundredth Tender and yielding eaouglir4i&dF--- ei reur- a- part of an article too stances calling for the exhibition of those long for an occasion like the present ' qualities, yet strong to do and dare when necesTt is for us to assist in raising the standard sity demands as is shown in the trial scene. of the ideal Ionian of the' future, and then. works, I am as ever your sister, Mary S. : t iJUBNHAM. ' to 'take a . ' . -- them-inraldimToa- Fe tr . wishfts for. all mir dpar Kistfirs in ZioD, and ever praying to be one with you in all good l: - ' - .. -- en ft a more ethereal beauty-Sh- one encircled her form, when after - d o, 4Ve eniov-iihnanftrs as much as ever and trust thev mav ever .flourish:' Love and kind ' - a vej"u s t return edTroo. Mancos, Colo-radwhere we attended the quarterly conference. Our spirits were richly fed by the teach ings of Apostle Lyman and the Presidency of the Stake. Surely 'we all resolved many times over we would be better .menjand women than into. Brought in olden the time from France, and since as an tions. ; But a celestial brightness , and taken an interest in the societies as long as there" was any possibility of keeping them 4n..working: heve some ofrthe leading sisters were going to visit us after, the October Conference. We were much elated and consequently sorely dis appointed, but now have settled down to the inevitable and are as hopelully waiting, till Spring trusting we may not wait in vain. inose wno are constantly privileged to nsieu to the voices of God's authorized servants and, drink in the very spirit of His wrord,can never fully understand how the soul longs for such heavenly blessings when for years deprived of them. Yet we are assured through all that God will draw very near unto us, if we are true to him and do we not in such trying times need his spirit for a constant guide? Oh how srreat would our. ioy be it we were not so prone to wander in paths where llis light cannot follow. What is more tern Die than darkness of mind? , God pity, and help us my sisters all, to keep above those 'awful depths of despair that' the unbelieving sink partaking of the biblical character is Evange- - ; - We-- li the-brethr- ' . . d, ever before. God help us one and all to carry out in our future lives the counsel we there heard. It is a lovely Sabbath day in our quiet home. The important member of the family has gone to yisit La Platta, the principal part of this ward and a distance of 14 miles. There are only" three families of our faith at Fruitland. so meetings are seldom held, yet we have tried whenever to maintain the hunday-bcho- ol we The as So few. are at are home, different associations have almost been loH sight of which all much regret. The sisters ' maiden, Seated beside her wheel, and the carded wool like a snow- - From this picture of industry, frugality, and piety, if we take a stride to the early Greek ' - my long silence would imply this.' Another year fraught with many blessing cares and perplexities has flown. The Summer, and Autumn have been beautiful sea?ons and though the labor enforced by a rich fruit crop has been arduous we are very grateful for the tender mercies of an Alwije The following description of Priscilla the Puritan Maiden, in his Courtship of Miles Standish, brings forcibly to our minds the thrifty ideal of Sblomon: praised. Give heruf the fruit of .her bands, and let her own works praise her in the gates." '. I'have not forgotten you, nor any of my old friends in Utah beloved home of childhood-thoug- " r Nov. 301S9T: Dear Sisierl ' , MacDonald A. ov. 30th, 1891. ' "As unto the bow the cord is, . a3 these: J. ! delivereth girdhs unto the merchant. Strength and honor are her clothing, . and she shall. rejoice in time to come." Am'nniT fho tut nf Vipr nnnlltip fl ta tViPip "She openeth her mouth with wisdom; and in her tongue is the law of kindness. She Iooketh well to the ways of JierJbouse. hold, and eateth not the bread ot idleness. Happily for her, she receives the meed of appreciation, for "Her children arise up and call her blessed; her husband als.), and he praise th her. Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou excellesc them all. Favor is deceitful and : beauty is vain, but a woman that feareth the Lord, she shall be of domestic industry, but more of blind devotion to the opposite sex. Honor and virtue are still highly eulogized bu t w hi iemn ns: gradualiy and protector, woman is losing the heroic, and sinking to the level of a dependent, or "rather-atiolc- e bit of "propertyVW shielded w i th jealous care,-- but - not to be admitted to his confidence or counsels as an equal. Helen ot Troy would perhaps be as good a representative of this type of woman as has been handed down to us, were it .not for the fact of her domestic perhdy. Homer give3 us however in a few succinct words, the status of woman in thbsedays, I -- -- ,- not to leave her simply as an ideal, indefinite and unapproachable, but to make of her a living, breathing entity, and ourselves her law ful and fitting representatives. ; degree in medicine lately did so at Odessa. She expects to practise in Russia. ; A temporary home for messenger girls has ustJ)een Opened iiiJV'iejinaJ cnantabie women. lneret is a . perui-- -& tpftVrpr nnrl tht onaf i nnf tn P.XCeed S2.0U week, or less for those who can earn something in the home. j - -- 