WOMAN'S EXPONENT. we could always have the sublime courage to cyilfL?HjLelltese Op rluence, but it was through great hardships and persecution that she became a member of the Church. A brother Whaley and wife embraced the Gospel also I?ut fell by the wayside. Your mother was so pure in heart and principle that I never doubted one action of her life; her were of the Holy Spirit; she was a promptings in mighty speaker bearing testimony of the things of God, and we all loved her so; we had our evening meetings and they weYe soacrelTand holy to us, we never thought of neglecting them for any thing else, O. yes. I remember well, and the more we talk, the better I feel, and many more things come to ray mind, which perhaps, will be interesting anotherlTme?, divine teachings. EDITORIAL NOTES. President Zina D. H.Young attended the Relief Society Conference of Emery Stake held Price on Saturday the 17th of October last. And in company with Counselor Jane S. -- Richards at tended the Relief. Society and Young Ladies' Conference of Cache Stake at Logan on the 20th ot uctobtr. M. Tsabeirororne Preside nrRelleF Society Salt Lake Stake attendee! the Relief Society Conference of Davis Stake held at East Bountiful on Friday Oct. 23rd. " At each of these Sister Benedict's house in the East was a refuge .conferences the sisters enjoyed themselves and for the Saints at all times and they loved to gather report a good work being accomplished in the there, and was honored in death with the several localities. presence of Pres. Woodruff and Pres. Joseph F of Relief from Reports Society Uintah, Cassia.J. Smith who attended the funeralervices- TakEatfanKTBtlier Stakes of Zion will be pub- Blessed and sacred be the memory of Dear iished in due time as we cannot devote too much Sister Emeline Benedict, for her good works will space to minutes of meetings and exclude other I live while her mortal remains await in peace the interesting matter that helps to make variety. We resurrection morn, when she will rise with the are very anxious to receive original articles and just and rejoice with the saints of God, clothed poems from the sisters, or experiences which will I with immortality and eternal life, where sickness, be instructive and edifying and do good to the sorrow, pain and death is no more. writer as well as the reader. Sisters if you have C. D.P. ideas that will benefit others put them upon paper andsend-theto the press, they will reach a i N M EM O R YG F JAN E""MrWA"tTO NT larger number ot people in that way, and by that means you may be sowing some good seed tha1 will eventually bear fruit. Remember the saying The members of the Monticello Relief Society of Scripture "Cast your bread upon the. waters it feel it a duty to record a few incidents from thfc will return after many days." life and memory of Sister Jane M. Walton, who was accidently killed on the night of July 24th; last, (and whose death has already been pub IN SACRED REMEMBRANCE. lished). Sister Walton was born July 16th, 1846. In our associations in life, how pleasant it is to She with her mother.Sister Jane Hatch of Bounti- meet with spirits congenial, especially in visiting fuj,jejnjgrate At the age of 20 she married Charles E. Wal How joyful to meet with those whose faith and ton of Bountiful. Three children, one boy and two confidence in God and His power is strong, with girls, came in turn to brighten their home. They have no w grown to man ancf worn inhood. ;JheJestimoriy;of Jesus4H 4h In memory of and with love and respect, I Sister Walton with her husband and family will refer to the many good times I have had with were called upon the almost famous "San Juan our much respected, and beloved sister, Emellhe Mission,'' in 1879, traveling with the pioneers, M; Benedict, whose funeral rites were solemnized and settling with them at Bluff City. The com at her late residence in the jinth . Ward in this pany was over six months upon that weary City, : Thursday morning, Oct. 1st. Being acjourney, being out all winter, but Sister Walton quainted with our dear sister many years and her was never known to complain, but regarded as acquaintance with my mother also, in my youth, the life of the company, always giving words of I had the pleasure of taking a few notes from her cheer, and trying to make others feel harpy. She V own lips. Hoc . a?nt cX in oil tK harH;iins that thV When conversing with her about the beginning San fuan have been known to pass throngh, liv of the Church, the power of God, manifested at ing in a wild country hundreds of miles from civi that time through the gifts belonging to the lization, and surrounded by Indians. When Gnsnl ehi hnr a fnithfnl tpsfimnnv fil!prt with starvation stared every one irT the face , she was the spirit of the Lord, to what sheknew to be ...v.. ... , irue. wavered, she said "It is by God's will that we are she here He will not let us starve," although her says: Speakiug of her early experience "I left N. Y.f in 1841 or '42 ; your mother was bread was ground in a coffee mill for many weeks. the first female Mormon I ever saw in N. Y., I Sister, 'Walton's house was always a gathering think she was the first messenger of her sex that place for both old and young. She was trulv a came into the Church at that place, and your 1 ead e r in society. Thr e ey ears ago she ;a nd her the family were called to Monticello, where she has grandmother. Mrs. Ann Rhodes-embrac- ed Gospel soon after. I have heard ybnr mother, resided since, enduring the trial of starting and I another new home in a new country, her home Rhodes Dollinger, speak in tongues, - . a r r. ft Sister was just; beginning to T)e comfortable. always teit mat ners was me irue gut irom uocij Walton was conceded by all to be a perfect that there was no mistaking the power by which she spoke and by that was led to investigate. housekeeper. It was always a pleasure to her We lived on L. I., together, also in N. ,Y. We friends to spend an hour at her home, its Very attended the same sehool as girls, and together surroundings breathed peace and rest. .t v- 1 'r iierlaith in the Gospel was undying, she filled 11 noi at me eranraceuji jme , same urospei; aimosi same time. We were always intimate, and how a number of 'prominent positions iof the women's we loved each other in those days when we first 0 rganizatioris of the Ch u rch, at the time o f her ' " "' learned the true Gospel. Brother Lucian R. death. Foster, waslhe first Presldentof.theBrQQklvn. . ,Her.funeral took place July 26thth, the services e T T XT If being held in the meeting house, Pres. F, A. baptized by Elder Daniel Lane and I am not sure Hammond presiding. but he baptized your mother too. Your grandConsoling remarks were made by Bishop Jens mother was converted through vour mother's-i- nTNielsoBrEWersTiDTrLyman, AlIauTand Jones, . also Pies. Hammond who jspoke at length upon the"good qualities of the deceased and family. A large number of Sister Walton's friends came from Bluff to attend her funeral. The remains were borne by six of the brethren friends of the deceased,from her residence to the meeting house, the different Societies of Sisters marching in order behind. The floral decoratons were the offering of her lady friends, and we're beautiful. A long the remains to the grove where they . cortege-accompani- ed JYejjplaced tionate bands; Thus passed from our midst an honest and devout woman, an affectionate wife and a loving mother. The hymns sang were, "White robes are waiting for thee." "Over the river of death," and "Nearer my God: to thee." Prayer- - was offered by Elder K. Jones, ar it MONEsrPresT"""" ' 1 m -- -- -- ? - ... , -- -- i-hz- a 1 . -- - ' - : 1. 1 1 f 1 - - a 1 a . ' . " Annie Bailey, Coun. ' Sarah Jane Rogerson, Sec Other papers please copy. R. S., Y. L. -- - . I. A., AND P. A. REPORTS. M. 8T. J08Em. The nuarterlv conference of the Relief Society ofStrJoseplrStaVe was held at Central Aug. 3U, ley, I res. Wilmirth East presiding. Conference opened by singing "Our God we raise to thee." Prayer by Bishop D. Mathews, Continued by singing "The 'time -- is nigh." Present on the stand with Stake and local authorities of the Relief Society, were Pres. C. Lay ton and Counselors, Patriarch Merrill, and a goodly number of Bishops and their Counselors. ... . " MiuuteFor tHe last " quanerly conference were read and approved. Pres. East gave some very good instructions i to the 8i3ters.AV-hich:w-r teemngwkk"ii3T&' and kindness, asked them to be careful and have their minutes and reports correct. Verbal reports were thea called for and were responded to by the following Presidents, Iayton Ward, Annie Packer; Thatcher, Elizabeth Moody; Central, Jennie Cluff; Pima, Lydia .Williams; 31athew, Clara Mathewp; Graham, Alary Peterson; Bryce, Caroline Bryce. Coun. Cyrena Merrill spoke of the blessings, we enjoyed, thought ot all people we were the most blessed; felt to appreciate the society Of our brethren in our meetinc: thought we should try and make duty a pleasure. Counr-MaryLRans6nisa- id she was well pleased, with thereportstiimufitga-alU- : w ancuu me meetings or me aiiierent organ izations and sustain and help the officers, was very thankful pur President, Sister Ea?t was well enough to be with us again. Conference adjourned till 2 p. m. Singing. Benediction by A. ClufT. Afternoon-sessi- on ;- opened wi th " singing, "Will you' go,"&c. ,.Irayer by Patriaj-cMerrill. Continued with siudn. Staka --oiScera were unanimously sustained by the con- ierence. Pres. C. Lay ton said he was pleased to be present, would like to have seen mora nut. Urged the people to be true and faithful and h remember we are working for the Ivingdomof Gol.l Spoke of. our looking after our spiritual welfare Wished the branches of the Society to do their business' on a strict business plan. ASKea tne laora to bless them. Brother jGfeorire Cluff. aflMtkerCiiv;az-- invited to occupy some of the time; he spoke very well upon the redemption of man through Christ. Urged-t- he reflect young-)jp!e- io more; and spoke of the bad influences they had " 