W OMAN'S .E XPONENT lie Womm moments of dissolution arrive, pours out its soul (for birds have souls) in a. flood of melancholy song so low and soft and full of tenderness that it seems to be made of tears, and it seemed to us whohad often heard her sing before that Miss Abbott, the pure and gifted Queen of Song, on Exponent Editor. EMMELLSE D. WELLS, ' In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms one one copy six months, M eta. No gno copy year, tl.OO; reduction made for clubs. City papers dclimol ty mau, extra for postage one year, 23 eta. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil tpAce, one time, U.M;, per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. ExroxEXT office, No. 25 E., South Temple Strcetsecond ate cast of Desertf News Office. Business hours from 10 a.ra' to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communlciUIcns to Published semi-monthl- -- , . rUBLISIIEU WOMAN'S EXPONENT, JlTA Hat.t La gE-Crr- FUNERAL SERVICES AT THE TEMPLETON. uIt was decided early in the day to the opening night of the Grand Opera House, sang as if it were to be the crowning effort of her life, or rather as if coming events were casting their shadows before; that she jfully realized that the curtain was about to be rung,down on her life and she should face alone the. dread, and. mystery, and eternal silence that comes to ail. Of course no one thought then, but looking back it seems to me as if I never heard her sing with as-semb- . . ; jsuchsweetnessandpower-aioalhatoccasion- ii V have1 brief funeral services at 5 o'clock. At this hour the members of the company, sixty in number, in the little suite of rooms looking out on the west, on the fourth floor, and all were allowed a glance at the departed. She looked almost as if in sleep, so. little had her illness changed her She was clothed in amanner strikingly beautiful. She wore the white dress seejrnnefirsJLactof "Ernani," Wednesday night Dec. 31 1890-h- er farewell appearance. It was whitefmoire, Taiieled with violet and green velvef, and em'..ioidered with purple lilacs in great natural bunches, white lilacs on the violet and violet lilacs on the white, gathered around the waist with white pearls. A white embroidered veil strewn with roses, covered her arms and neck. One hand held a pink rose, thetrthenr birncrrrof ' roses," while oh the beautiful was a breast bunch of lilies of the val- , and hereafter the playhouse that she dedicated as the last act of her life, will have an interesrthat Secorul Gait ifatter. the future can add little to nor detract anthing -: ..: " S ALT L ATOT'Cl TY," 7" -- TanUARX" 15, 1891. from;" "But the sweet voice that so often made ihe world ley. forget its cares will never again be heard, and the "It was some moments before the emotions of MORMON CHILDREN. applause of charmed multitudes will fall on dull the little congregation could be restrained. Then ears as the winter snows fall on the grave where male chorus, led by Broderick and Pruette, Washington, Jan. iQr Justice Brown to chy she sleeps unheeded. Her life was as pure as a the rendered his first opinion as a member of the sunbeam, and will crown like an aureole the spot sang, "Lord, in Mercy Hear my Prayer." The effect was most touching almost weird, and Uaited Slates supreme court. He delivered two Kpr form sinks -into Dulseless claw J Alas .1 .1 I. r f orr tne . rruciie anu some otners singers were up. be a of such the that broken, harp should, strings ...... J aute 10 conciuae. wnen ine last notes were vs. j;uici uupe anu case ot ueorge in. asunder, that such divine fires of genius should . x e Thomas II. Cope, brought here on appeal from be extinguished. To many breaking hearts the ucuu, a grcdi pcui-u- p sou was iuoscu,j irom ins throats of all present, and for a few moments sor. the supreme court of the Territory of Utah. The music of her voice and sweet ways brought healrow flowed without any attempt to restrain it. souls made mad question involved was whether or not a son by a ing; to how many storm-tosse- d The Rev. Mr. McNiece then arose and read a polygamous marriage had a right of inheritance by the wild tempest of unrestrained, passion, her rhanfpr from thp ftihlp nffr whirh tha urUn. from his father, it having been claimed he was rendition of ''The Last Rose of Summer," chorus sang Nearer My God to Thee." There illegitimate. The court holds that a. son by' a charmed into repentance and forgetfulness, this were next a few verv aonronrintf remarks frnm polygamous marriage did have such right and world will never knqw,Her songs-wer- e music -- territorial court. Mr. McNiece, with a short prayer, and the male reversed the judgment e and music is divine. It can soolh the savage Edmunds-Tuckdeact The court says; "The breast that sometimes leaps from the hearts" of voices rendered with exquisite effect, the familiar clared legitimate all children of Mormon parents "Soldier's Farewell," beginning "How can I bear men; it subdued the fiends in tophet while born within less than twelve months from its Euradice to leave Hhee." After a brief pause, 'he whole escaped; the spheres salute one another passage. The object," the court says? ''was to?i i n- - their journeys ihrougrr the Upper" skyfs wl ih assembly sang; Home 5 weet "Home," a 1 the an especial object make these m exercises,.which, impromptu as they were, were music and the angels in the climax of their ecstacy of care, and to make their parenU relinquish and in their sorrowing for the follies of weak of the most touching and. impressive description, are w to a close. Ihere was hardly a dry eye polygamy by fixing a period after which their Humanity, are singing ever and alwaysl And so children should be illegitimate?' among the guests of the hotel who had quietly it was with Emma Abbott, she sang to the good 3nd the bad to the rieh and- Sweet Home" rolled forth and the thought of if the gift of song were not her own, as if she EMMA ABBOTT. were but its custodian and mnstone day render Emma Abbott's desolate home in the east came to their minds. The lovely andgifted songstress, Emma Abbott an account of how she used it. has in voice thrilled whose multitudes the various "There were some beautiful floral offerings: A 1 .. .1. f .:.! tints iiuu luwuiui mc wuuu, anuj cueereu many "In lhemodest little town of Peoria, 111., where heart of dark red rcses Abbott's favorite color a lonely heart aud weary pilgrim, and who atfrom the company; a cross of yellow ro?es she first saw the light, there wjll be real grief, and musical rebutation few a onlv hv a reached . tuned .... ... y it will reach out till i t covers this continen t. from Mr. and Mrs. Pratt ; . an anchor of "white from earth to join "the choir There will be no need of has passed away csnsanquioity to give it flowers and calla lilies from the hotel a beauti- is music invisible whose the gladness of the point. She reached the understanding with the -- ful lyre from the theatre, and a large and most. world." wonderful gift of song and manner; she played exquisite design showing an arch, open gates and A feeling of ineffable sadness came over the on the chorus of the a crown of flowers, with the words worked in man heart and all who felt heard as the Emmashe Abbait" the words, writer," power of her gentle touch loved herrhonored-her- ; - purple flowers, "Farewell Abbott."" This came ti dead," it"was "as though one near and dear had and paid her homage., She sang in prison from the Salt Lake Choral society, and was refor not has made she herself and near dear cells where turbulent hearts were gone, 1 . garded as a particularly graceful nrr. beating against to all lovers .of true music- heard the bars of are that passion stronger than the At a quarter to nine the funeral cortege left the her sweet rich voice with its rare melody holding in them that shut from the world and girders hotel, Ihe coffin, enclosed in a metallic casket, many thousands at once. appealed to the angel of their better nature. She and carried by Messrs. Michelena, Broderick . The prima donna died at the Templeton in this carried sunsmne into the Hospitals of pain. She Consadine, Larrange McCormack and Pruette! city at twenty minutes to eight o'cloJanuary1 5, responded T to 4he- pity ing --voice-of i:charity--anwas bornp., to thew K "1 Vi4 UJ-- V fA VVWdlV.! her stated that without S9i.""Tliei)ct6r other than that which the compensation, fourteen carriages conveyed the company to "the immediate cause was heart failure brought consciousness of a deed doneliTwabTin"?s7 the Rio Grand depot, and at 10 o'clock the last on by an attack of acute pneumonia." She was She charmed for to hear her sing even thousands; sorrowful farewell of Salt Lake was taken and conscious all the lime during he r ill n ess, realized the miser would unloc.k.his iron box." the train steamed off for Denver and Chicago. that deith was fast approaching and remarked that she was not afraid to .'.'die; Her body was emMiss Abbott possessed great strength of char FROM FUNERAL ADDRESS BY REV. DR, THOMAS, balmed and shipped to Chicago where her mother OF CHICAGO. acter, as well as being wonderfully gifted; and and relatives are residing the same evening. Her she won the hearts of all the profession at "one "Against her social reputation there was never wish was to be cremated and sometime ago "she fell stroke," when she arose in the Church at a breath of suspicion, and the unquestioned purity had an elaborate urn made," in which her ahes Nashville, Tenn., and contradicted the preacher of her life did not a little to lessen the prejudices who was violently denouncing the stage and all it . ana 10 rebuke the however will control the matter. Her husband harsh, unjust criticisms of the - ' ... a t '" -is ouriea at uouccsier, Massachusetts. 'WAtVWill have taken a great deal of moral courage to take Dr. Condon of Ogden paid a beautiful tribute such a spectof all ; she was admired and loved by those stand, but she was equal to the effort, and who knew her personal worth. She e to her memory in his article published in the it gave her prestige, helped she although on acted the tl)e ctiaracier and inspired with jLnoblezeaL Standard from which we have" taken the follow impulse of the moment aMliurpose theHrama of her time. Thousands 9t I sidertheconsequ of young and aspiring artists have felt the 'it is said that the d)iag swan, when the last step to take ip defense of the inspirastags. tion of this coble life, anrl will thpm5plri h Kntered at the Post OJlce in Salt Luke City, Vlnh.as ri tv-hf- - - 1 A-o- pe X, 3 1 1. 1 oi-m- er .. 1 1 .1 1 9 - ; who-have-eve- spell-boun- r- . d dJ r w-e- r J lt -- LA ...... , jw," x t- 1 1 m V ",; " ele-Va- 1 -- withQiilxiQ 