WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 150 -- stopped on my way." The speaker then alluded to the hymns she loved and said she found great comfort in the singing, referred to the beautiful hymn 'Wearer my God to thee," and said, "it alEditor. EMMELhE D. WELLS, and we feel an ways seems to bring Published in Salt Lake City. Utah. Terms: acceptance with Him, we must not forget to pray SLOO: one cotv hix months. f0 cts. No gnecopy one year. and continue to ask the Lord to help us in our reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, labors. We had an excellent report of our extra for postage one year, 25 cts. read at the General' Conference." Mrs. Advertising rates: Each tuare, ten lines of nonpareil : Society Richards theji reported briefly and in an interestpace, one time. S2.50; per mouth. 83.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. ing manner.'ner visit to Washington, referring in JExroxENT office,,No. 25 E., South Temple Streetsecond terms of praise to the ladies, of the Council and t;ate east of Deseret News Office. Busineshours frora 10 a,m and how attentively she had listened to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday to the many good speeches and addresses that . Address all busiuess communications to were given and papers that were read, thought PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, the majority of the women interested in these Sat.t Lake Citt. Utah. The songs are all suitable for tunes and it is .expected that simpIe,well-knowthe book will be widely circulated and the songs used to enliven the meetings. The'publishing committee are anxious to dispose of the' books in order to pay for the' printing and it is desirable that the several associations should purchase a sufficient number to dispose of in their respective localities; price 10 cts. each. Address Office Woman's Exponent 25. E. South Temple St. Salt Lake City. number required. ..Woman's" Exponent. us-near- n er semi-monthl- April - Citv, 1891. 15, ' RE LI EFISOCiETY CO NFE R E NCE. The second Annual Conference of the Relief Society was held Tuesday April 7, 1891, inthe large Tabernacle in this city Pres. Zina D. H. 13. W. Smith and Young presiding;. Counselors. - t , ,t J. d. Kicnaras were present on ijie siaoa aiso me Treasurer M. I. Home, Cor. Sec. E. B.Wells Assistant Sec. Dr. R. B. Pratt and Pres. E. S.Taylor of the Y. L. M. I. A. Meeting opened with sining, "Lord we come before thee now, &c." Prayer by Mrs. Susan . V - - ' . . Grant, continued by singiog "Now let us rejoice in the day of salvation." pres. Young made the opening address of welcome in her usual kindly manner, felt to pray jhatour coming together might' be profitable to all, and that union and love and perfect harmony might prevail; thought if we had brought with us that heavenly garment, the mantle of charityrlhat :airwpuld -- be, greatly Jleit. -- ''The eyes of' the world are upon us, let us set them a good ex ample, let us not crave worldly things but be covetous blessings for you my dear sifters I know you desire to be fed with the bread of'life."' -Conference in Oct. rrjfnuVes ""of 1890 read and accepted. Pres. Mary John reported Utah Stake, Counselor L. M. Hart, Bear Lake Stake, Counselor Ann C. Woodbury, St. George Stake; Susanna Briggs of Lyman Town, reported Bannock Stake, Counselor Elizabeth B. Mitchell, Uintah Stake, Annie Bird reported Cassia Stake, and referred to the Fair the sisters of that Stake, had held last fall'which made a very good showing in various kinds of needle d and thing jhat woji men and- - children could make prraise;lquie a sura 6f money had thus been raised to help in starting their Stake ..Ac prCrosby reported Panguitch Stake; PresVMary A. Hyde, Sanpete Stake. Counselor Jane S. Richards, said, "it is a great comfort to come here and listen to the good things .that have. been satd, today..",,! Last, fall J. could not attend our Conference but I prayed for you, at home we can look, to the Lord when we are about our work. Sister Eliza used to tell us to go to meeting often, so we would be missed when we were away. It is in the line of the work of the Relief Society to wait upon the sick and the distressed; and we are often detained at home on account" of the?6ttftdutic$j but whoever the-thing- ' f part - m raomg tor mepoor and sick ? We are not left without the Holy Spirit, even though we are kept from meeting. The Gospel is our joy, and we are used to trials; (sometimes I think my path is a little thorny) and we've always had trials since the days of Naavoo and some of us before, I don't know how much farther-bac- k I J-egre- 1 . 1 Diest even ; mothan al faQcy-wortn- Worra'riryald 11 l auuvc an vc die t.1,.-,women uiwscu ' semi-annu- 1 Fair-Thre'1arCwom- this world is on the alert, let him find do malice nor unkindness nor hate in us; that beautiful thought that came to me this mo rning as I stood here about the mantle of charity, let us be clothed with it;" the speaker urged the sisters to send the children to the Primary and try to en courage those who labored in these associations; spoke of the First Presidency and the' Apostles having been invited to attend the Conference, - . n rtrt tKnt tViAr w.v. wtull ..wum 11a1it i.jvuji uc sumc 01 mem present in the afternoon. the Central Board, Mrs. M. I. Home read a report of the money donated from .- jWT!0 jmers Society for representation at the Woman'c National Council in Washington, and to defray the expenses of sending delegates. ' Dr. the totals 'of the stistf carand financial report of the Relief Society.--Mrs. Richards made some explanation in re- gard to the means expended at the Council, that in addition to the fee for admittance, there were appropriations to be made for different purposes that wete expected of the delegates, Meetwas until 2 ing adjourned p. m., singing "Praise God from whom all blessings flow," benediction Pratt-thenrea- ' d by Counselor B. W. Smith. - EDITO RIAL NOTEsT 1 1 : T The "Utah Woman Suffrage-SonBook" for use in- the Suffrage Associations' in ' g iuis icrruory oy tne publishing AST-isoitffaTlli- sent to any en''iri 4 --- Isa-bell- - THE WOMAN'S RELIEF SOCIETY.-- Paper read 'at the Woman's National Council Washington D. C, Feb. 25, 1891. The Women's Relief Society, with headq uart-er- s in Utah and branches in. adjoining states and territories, has had nearly half a century of life and earnest work. Though operating in a sparsely settled country and far. Removed from "the peculiar miseries known to large cities, the society has had a vast field for its opVrations; since the earl y pie with the consequent demands upon the! time and resources, of men, have left demesticrcharity almost exclusively to women. The1 general officers of the central organization are Zina D. H. Young, President ; Jane S. Richards, First Counselor ; Bathsheba W. Smith, Second Counselor; Snrah M. Kimball, Secretary; Romania B. Pratt, Assistant Secretary; M. Isabella Home, B. VYells and Emmeline Cor. .Sec. Treasurer; A branch of the society exists in nearly; every village of Utah and the surrounding region, also in several of the other states of the Union, and in Great Britain, Germany, Switzerland, Scandi- Australia; New . Zealand and other foreign countries: each "local branch having its board of officers to correspond with the general organization. Frequent confer- .ncejsJcfijep alive. ety .audiriot" sure the efficient system of its labors.- - There-are more than 400 of these branches, with'a total membership of about 25,060 persons. More than one hundred thousand dollars worth df real estate, consisting of halls, storehouses,. granaries etc., "'is "owned by the organization. Ithad on hand the folldwing resources to be drawn upon for charities and relief work: 7 Fifty :;tbonsand ln&.n"e'"oJfwheat; twentyth-oui" sand dollars worth of obher property, consisting of prodnce, clothing, household goods etc., and fifteen thousand dollars in cash. As fast as these resources are consumed, they are replenished by the contributions of members. The Society maintains a large hospital,' the chief physicianjof of eastern bTctrsMrriyfTPrlu medical schools and a prominent member of this -- -- jgiariedrMissouf i :d5rfeTt5cre . to-us- , ' l address-o- n receipt of order for - It seems to us a desirable thing that the women of Utah should begin to consider, what they can do to help in making some representation in the woman's exhibit at the World's Fair in Chicago, in 1893. The time may seem a long way off now but "time flies" and if one wishes to do an - e abor at e- - peice of wor kan d do j t well, ft is best to begin in season; none of course but the very finest work of its kind will be suitable for a - World's this Terri-tor- y wno make exquisite lace, aad who are ingenious and skillful not only with the needle but in manv other denartments nf unmsn'c rU. Z j even to the fine wood carving with a penknife etc. Utah women are noted for industry, energy and perseverance and should not be behind in making a good showing on such a wonderful occasion sa an event ..of so much importance as the great 's World's Fair of 1893. Considering Queen connection Vith the discovery of America women everywhere should do all in their power to help in making the Fair a success.- great organizations that were represented there were working for reform and to elevate humanity and to bring about a better state of things ; commended their energy and wished they had the Gospel to help them.The speaker had taken great pleasurerin con versing"with these ladies in relation to our position here and the work in our associations also; they always wanted to hear a little more,aud would say they had been mistaken in regard there was not much time to converse with them as the meetings occupied nearly all the Jime; they inquired if we were not going to Mexico or the Sandwich Islands, she had in formed them we were going to stay, they; thought the Gentiles were crowding us out; they are anxious to know more about us and by and bye they will be coming to us. "Let us keep up our organizations and not vary from the way in which we have held our meetings and Conferences. We calculate that our Relief Society will lead off, it has been organized forty years and we don't expect to be supercledr let us not be dilatory but energetic and the Lord will bless all our efforts, and we must be ever mindful of the sick" and needy." Pres. Young followed with a few remarks, referred to what had been said of the women of the world, their labors and aspirations, spoke of the Entered at the I'ost Office in Salt Lake Cilj, Utah, as Second Ctas Hatter. Salt Lake ? t&UfHheocf ? -- 