WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 114 .Martyr had a successful school for their Washington Irving's tribute that she was "one of the purest and mo.--t beautiful characters in all history." Elizabeth Porter Gould, in Queen, Isabella Journal. in- struction. Referring io his royal mistress as the pattern of every - exalted virtue," he says of 'hid work, "My house all day long swarms with noble youths reclaimed from ignoble pursuits to those of letters." But Queen Isabella is aHied also to'the par ticularly progressive women of the day by her independent spirit as a ruler; for, though husband, the King, she insisted upon having an equal share in all governmental acts. The likeness of each was stamped on the royal seal, the names of each found on all public documents; in short, independent 'wills working in harmony was '. the motto for action. That Spain was better for this per no reader of the reign'of Ferdinand and Isabella can deny. The Queen also allied the rrtorosED monument at delftsiiaven. At this season when the hearts of all 'New Eoglanders instinctively turn to Plymouth Rock, it is well for them to remember the action of the Congregational Club, of Boston, a few months ago. The club resolved that it was high 'time the hospitality of the free . slaves. . THE PILGRIMS IN HOLLAND. lov-iugh- er tionist, she commanded to be immediately, set free the Indians, Columbus had caused to be mis-sionaryo- . : - rk - re- public of Holland to the Pilgrim Fathers was acknowledged by - their children, and that a suitable memorial of the ancient amity between Holland and the Pilgrims should be erected at Delftshaven, or port of Delft, on the river Maa3, where the Speedwell lay. ever-recurrin- J ..ThPngnm3 other 13 that indiscriminate punishment of Indians should not bo allowed. The among them seems "to' iiave pro- duced excellent results, and if it does no more, it shows the good results of good faith. Tho President is understood recently to have expressed himself as favoring a transfer of the Indian Bureau to the War Department. This is a very serious question. Certainly the care of the Indians by the Interior Department leaves Very inueh to be desired. But the indis- pensable conditions- of a wise Indian policy are: First, a single head of the Indian Department, who shall be a man of hicrh chararf and capaeityj.tben the complete separation of the care of the Indians from politics, and the education of Indian youth. There is no more signal illustration of the mischiefs of the spoils system than that afforded byjhe Indian troubles. The distinction of our Indian policy is want of principle and common . sznst.HarperTrlfeekhj. . g "." . ......... " Delftshaven, and there John Rabinson bade Christian religion, her efforts in sending misthem farewell, and gave them his benediction sionaries in. their behalf, bring her especially in the faith that there wa3 more truth yet to near y to the women of the Woman's Board ofForeign Missions. Her devotion to break forth from God's Word. The government of the Netherlands has expressed the her church the only church of that age alheartiest sympathy and desire, of cooperation though it became the cause of her weakness in in so good a work, and our Minister to Holyielding, even though after a Ion reluctance, land, the Hon. Samuel R. Thayer, ha3 looked to the horrors of the Inauishiou. links her to over the ground which belongs to the city of the devotees and advocates of church worship. Isabella appeals also to the philanthropic iiotteruaiu, to which Uelitshaven has been annexed. The river, on which is a constant women or the day in her efforts for moral repassage of vessels, sweens around the town in form; her temperanco in diet, seldom or never such a manner that over the lowland the metasting wine; her simplicity in dress aside from royal occasions; her expenditures of morial could be seen in every direction far away. money in the erection of hospitals and churches, A costly monument is not proposed. But a lomc of which she adorned with embroideries, few thousand of dollars would provide one in the work of her hand?; andin her last testaevery way suitable, and all money for the purment, whereby she ordered a plain aud unospose sent to Mr. Frank Wood, the treasurer, tentatious funeral that money might bo saved 352 Washington street, Boston, will bo held for the poor. for Jherfatfo But this womauly Qaeen' becomes eft pceiaT charge of the work. The Rev. Dr, Storrs interest to the. women' of 'the past Sanitary commended the in his noble project Commission, and of its child, the present Kejief warmly oration on the Puritan and its spirit, propriety Corps, because of being: the first person on will need no to the mind of record to form a regular camp hospital. Visitargument any son the of Pilgrims. The Dutch and New Eng--lair- d ing, as washer wont, the camps of her soldiers societies have long exchanged rompliffientr ' to relieve their Wants;"lHe ordercdTue day a" number of large tents to be al way 8 ready- - for Jn .f ecogn!tioulP. this old friendship. That . the sick and wounded. These, called the old Dutch hospitality, is one of the most bea"Queen's Hospitals," were furnished with utiful incidents in history, and if the feeling which prompts the compHment should erect medicines, and proper attendants at her own the memorial, it would be a most expense. "Her presence at these camps," says happy sequel. Harper's Week!. Peter Martyr, "seemed at once to gladden and reanimate our spirits, drooping under dangers and fatigue." Another write?, THE INDIAN QUESTION who was present, says, "from the moment of her appearance a change seemed to come The present eicitementanda1arm offer oyer the scene allTeeintrf:iligpomtdTrenciliar the proper-occasi- on to repeat emphatically - neu, saya Prescott "the what ouu ptuce. is undoubtedly the truth, that the radical soldiers beheld her directing their counsels, trouble is the bad faith of the white man. sharing their fattgucsndanrn'd"JiV" Long ago General Grant, discussing the Indian playing all the comprehensive intellectual said that we had taught them to powers of the other sex, they looked up to her question, us. He said that after a3 to some superior : being, with : leaving West far loinhrwhen he was statiouf feelings more exalted than those of mere upon the irontier loyalty. The JieadLimsivMj - : , . i cnivairous Heart oTAneBDaniard did hnm ' added "'"vntau nuiie man cneateu the Indian. He that the Enr.. to her as to his tutelar saint, and she held a ; control over her people such as no man could mey tept faith, and remark by sayine that if have acquired in any age and probably no promised the Indian a certain kind of and less romantic." country wlVV1? the Indian was sure to blanket, Y bile it. But Isabella thus appeals especially to the tne Indian was imt si !trt lio " gtt women of America " gagementa. 7 Li k i. today, her sympathetic aid to Columbus in the time of his greatest disl.avo bceu faithfully kep! tbero be n Ti which enabled" couragement him to discover semua our world, and herJoyalty. tohim t the Rouble, and (he actual progr.s mide end, by civilizatiou ucdor itKlup despite the distrust 'Z.i .... of -hr hn . . .ww4v4 ttuu . v MISCELLANEOUS. to-da- The createst of faults. I should sav is tn ha conscious of none. Carlyle. . Peace is the evening star of. the soul as virtue is its sun, and tho two are never far apart. Give what you have. To some one it may be better than ycu dare to think. Longfellow. It is a cood rule to be deaf when a slander begins to talk. The real man is one who always find excuses for others, but never excuses .himself. H. It fire-proo- f, A good book and a good woman are covering. Faith at most but makes a hero, but love makes a saint; faith can but put us above the but love world, brings us under God's throne; faith can. but make us sober, but love makes--- us happy- .- Cardinal Newman. As I like to !l rnnnrr mon mtiA ;vu ujcu n ii a sumo4 old about thing llo! man in wnom there remains something of the youth. He who follows thi3 maxim may become an old man in body, but never in heart. -- u j .. ' t rovjii raiiunrirDa LH'ft find i every true American citizen. a clear notoin her praise and CaonerV ,lf4,?Hf..i ,tr vuc ;icu to'ft iri i co"s circumstaDcfhoKovT enspnbog m a and honest coarse. Bishop Hare's tatcment; and he is one of the best and counselor,, in Indian difficulties; wiiu pleasured impnmned S recZ Zl co'S a kept from .nischief.Cd ,l e i3 im,'sHiknrsirin st -- SS'H ex- cellent things for those who know how to appreciate their value. There are men, however who judge of both by the beauty of their -- ... Is cierne. s, . Great the power of eloquence; but never is it so great as when it pleads along with nature; and the culorit is a child fitraveA Uis duty and returned to it again ivith nears. - -- dis-tru- is employment, says Daniel Webster, that make3 people happy; and4 says Jean Paul, I i have perennial -- enjoyments called employments. . lono-vigil- W. Beecher. Uieero. . The road to min on obscure condition ought not fe made oo nor a easy, thing too much of course. If rare merit be the rarest of all rare things it ought to pass through some sort of probation. The temple of honor ought to be seated on an ""' eminence. If it be open through virtue let it be remembered, too, that virtue is never tried but by some -- difficulty, and some struggle. - bitelaw Reid, wife of the American .Sirs. minister at Paris, who is, with her husband, roakmg a Jour of the East was. honored by tne oultan at Constantinople conferrine upon her the order of the the highest i urkiah decoration thatShefkat, can bo riven to a woman. " ...... ' 