WOMAN'S EXPOIS' ENT . ling a living; the reasons given for some dis tinction between men and women; for instance men ".:: Doctors command ar larger fee than women, but when women ride on a railroad they pay mo same price, or it one goes to a restaurant for dinner, there is no difference in the price, and this is true in many cases. Men and women arc, charged alike. Pres. Howard presented tome business to the meeting, after, which it was- adjourned for one mouth. Quite a number of ladies eainc for L ewarn and paid the membership fee. thank thee, 0 God. for a Ihncdic-- ' tiou by;Ireiu!ent)Jrov,n. prophet." , 0. '. C. It a . Secretary. R. S. REPORTS. Minutrs - as m Nov. 30th, 1890. ' It not-ashame- - ' ncUattno'" their duties will want just as who those much as do, but they will fall short Qur thoughts are pure our actions will Jjc session commenced at 2 p. in. by pure. I am nroud of my sister's integrity and Mngingl;Leuvery- - mortal cur attend." prayer their efforts, to do good. If wo speak lightly of by I resident A. Hatch Singing, "We're a man it destroys the inliuenco of that mac. to; 6wn our Lord.". Remarks were Made a few remarks in rogard to the manifesto, made by Sisters Alexander and bell of Day said it: was like electricity to her when it was the btake Presidency, also by Sister A. read ; but it is all light, and the authorities Murdock and Brother T.- Giles aud Wm Macbee, A.call was made for $1.00 a year . of.this Church are all right and God will bless from the larger ward and 50 cents irom tho them. Teach your children to take care of their health, the bondage of the llesli is not the others tabe-paid-- ia bondage of the soul. Advised the sisters to take senary purposes, which was unanimously the Exponent. I am talking too long. God sustained. A yearly meeting of tho branches bless you, Amen. tor the purpose of electing officers was spoken Pres. John. Ilesa expressed hia pleasure and!" of, and so ordered. President Brown desired tat presidents to send two missionaries to the gratification for what ho had heard, aud was pleased to be present. This organization is a organized-i- n a very verydmport an t one- - i . j no "Prophet" Joseph . inc times to meet in Conference we nnnmntn.l being the last Thursday of May and Sept. Sister Brown felt that wo had had a very enjoyable conference, thanked all or coming and "exhorted thcrn to diligence in (ho performance of duties. Conference adjourned to meet the last Thursday in May, 1801. Sing-'- ' ing, "Come Come yeJ3aint3."- - Benediction by Bro. Thomas II. Giles. President Emma S. Smith presiding. After the usual opening exercises, followed by appro priate remarks by- Sister Smith, tho roll was called, and eight oiucers responded. Sophia Johnson and Mary. A. Standard reported the 11 S. of PinedaJe and Taylor. Interesting remarks were made by Frances R. Thompson and Lmily J. Hancock. Ccuuselor Sarah Driggs esteemed it a privi lege to meet once more in conference- .- Spoke at some length of her childhood days, and the i i i training sne naa receivea. . Hannah IIaebour, Sec ' DAVIS STAKE. . The Quarterly .Conference of the Relief Society of Davis Stake wa3 held at East - President Bountiful, Oct. Susan .Grant presiding. On the stand were the Pres. of Stake, Mrs. Susan Grant and Counselors. Sister Z. D. H. Young of Salt Lake City. Bro. John Hess, Bro. William Muir and others. AJ t er th e, us u al 0 penin g exercises, tiiouninu tea of the previous meeting were read and an- proved. President Grant said she was pleased to meet the sisters in the capacity of a Confer ence. , It has been moved and seconded thatTrt: . V. r t. i ana if.v 11. iouu?as presi .ubjeckof laying upourtreasures-i- 'Heavenr dent over the Releif Society iu the world, and President Emma b. Smith urged all to pay Sister Jane S. Richards and Sister Bathsbeba heed to the remarks of Brother Hatchand W. Smith as her Counselors. Unanimously study the Book of Mormon with prayerful ' hear ts. Ex preyed regret that the attendance Bustamea. otake omcers also presented and was so meagre. Prayed that peace and love unanimously sustained. Sister Grant said she and goodwill might abound among the, Saints. thought it best to represent Presidents of the Meeting wa3 dismissed with singing, and diilerent branches in their own Wards. lean testity that 1 have been blessed m meeting prayer by Counselor Sarah Driggs. There was also' a meeting of the sisters in with the different branches of R. S. in this the evening. A number of the Presidents of Stake. I think we are all trying to do the the several branches of the R. S. were present best we can can say that I and my counsel- on - are - u ni ted an d trj ing- - to tJo our d u ty. and made very ; spirited - and : ins truetive We will now hear Irom the Presidents of tho remarks. different branches. "Pres. J aue Muir, Pres. Della Fish, Secretary. Counselor Jmiiy j. .Lewi3 wa3 thanktul to live in this day, and that thus far she had been enabled to remain faithful. Was glad she was not ashamed to pray, aud had proven many tunes that much could be accomplished by earnest prayer. Phoebe Kartchner was thenext speaker, mentioned some otlhe diflieulues that beset and concluded with the remark that our Heavenly Father is very merciful, and will amply reward.us for all we arc called upon to endure. President Loreuzo II. Hatch spoke on the n 24,-182- 0. e " - ,t ' e-Eusiainnsrer t- rtm-r-.- LueinrfeMoninra WASATCH STAKE : each gave very favorable reports of their res ' pective branches-..The Conference of the Relief Society of Bro. Wm. Muir, being called upon said, I feel to add my mite to your Conference, it Wasatch Stake was held m the Stake House, at Heber City, Nov. 7th, 1800. President really does me good to look at these aged Em m a B ro wn p resi d i n rMeetin openetLat- - 5Bters, 1 thinJc: theyare : the ones who stand at the ones who have rocked 10 a. m. by singing'The morning breaks,etc" the helm they are and their course has beeu onward, Prayer by Sister Ann Murdock, singing the cradles, ' "Come all ye saints, etc." Present on the and the Latter day Saints do not stop pro stand the Stake Presidency also Presidents of gressiugr Compare the present condition' of the"riifferent", 'branch's-.- Minutes of last our people with sixty years ago. It is what we do we get credit for, and not what we leave Conference read aud approved. President Brown said she was pleased. to see so many undone. Gave very good"advice in regard to storing wheat, and advised the sisters to do present and felt glad for the privilege of attheir work on business principks,and "I want to tending conference; said the Lord had greatly ou blessed the people of this Stake, and we should , and can say you are gay, Groti bless-y.strive to show our gratitui to Htm for the blessed." , addressed then the Pres. Z. D. II. Young many blessings bestowed on us by embracing the opportunities offered us. Made some raeeti3g we have heard so much good, I hope it. to make othe interesting and instructive remarks and I shall not say anything of the you fjrget Go?pel my of I do enjoy the blessings gave sorne good con nsek Verbal-repo- rts do not ome to meet- who an encoliraffinz nature were civen by the heart aches for ih uui gpmu?. Presidents of the different branches. Confer- - in" it ft we, nrea ine umn'i n jhq those 41 who, do ce adiourned fill 2 n. in Slnging. We By and by, jheii pylay comes? - v - ' . -- was moved upon to organize the sistera in a Relief Society, and I do not think the brethren have supported it as they should have done. The prosperity of this society depends upon tho unity of the people. I believe there is as much expected of this society as any other, and you arc doing much good, but how much more good might be donejif there was more inlerctt taken. Who are profited by thi3 meeting? Those who are here and not those who are absent. When I contemplate tho carelessness we manifest as a people, 1 wonder at the prosperity we enjoy. It is expected that the Sisters will relieve the poor. When they do this, it is without expecting a pecuniary reward, but to fee! that they have done their duty. I am gled that I am here, I know the spirit of the Lord and the spirit of humility are here.. You that are faithful use your inlluence withothers, the Lord our God has been good to us. He has anilis not, going to take, lJIIiaul PMency Irom us; we are lacking in our faith in God, but He bears with us. When the wicked gain a point I think it is for our experience and our good. I think it would be advisable for tie Presidents and Counselors to visit Jthc people. it I-pra- y G od no bte aged sister, President Zina JL). II. Young. Pres. S- - Grant, we truly have had a feast, and wo will now adjourn our meetiug until 2 p.m. Singing, "Come let us anew'&c. Benediction by P. G. Sessions. Afternoon session commenced by singing, "We are not ashamed to own our Lord." a Prayer by Pres. Hess. Singing. Pres. Pres. Jane Blood, Pres. Phcebo Leonard, Hor-tend- . Atkinson and Pres. Elizabeth Watts then re- SoyeiL-which-thported the branches preside, and' made very interesting and othej useful remarks. Pres. Z. D. II. Young said, ; ey I wjlbuggeatlhat,. tae'lfeiiurenB'and Counselors visit those whV do not. come to meeting. When the teachers visit they should comfort the sick and afflcted. let us be faithful to our covenants and to each other, there are many healed by faith and praT er; referred tocircTimstances : where the" healed. There is nothing crreater sick had-beeto me than our Primary Associations; they aro ". such a benefit to our children. Don't let our hearts be fearful, for this Gospel is here to stav. Joseph said - wh en he organized the Relie f Society we had no conception of the good that would be done through this organization : the ' Sisters are doing a great and glorious work, we must overcome tnis nurried leelmg; it wears us out. Kelered to the Temple work for our dead; and spoke of the Lord inspiring, the people to get up their genealogies. Let the branches of the U. S. visit each other and the Presiden ts and Counselors visit each other. Bro Perngnno bessions said, how manv thera are taken u p with the care? of life we make covenants with our Heavenly Father aiiilllifiyLarii-ofLe-n t it is be- - - brokenwhy-is-- i cause we are not faithful and diligent, and ar n i r 