12 that women are accorded .equal suffrage then there will" be a jubilee, the echo of which will reverberate around the world. Until then woman cannot, truly celebrate her independence but thousands will continue, to work for the emancipation of all women, which means the uplifting and broadening of all humanity. Woman's Exponent. RMMELlhE B. WELLS, Published Editor. In Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: gne copy one year, f 1.00; one copy ix months, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 eta. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil epace, one time, $2.50; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. ExroNKNT office,,No. 25 E., South Temple Street.second gate east of Descret News Ofllee. Business hour? from 10 arm" to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake CitV. Utah. semi-monthl- " Entered at the Tost Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as ' Second Ctast Matter, Salt Lake City, July INDEPENDENCE 1891. 15, EDITORIAL NOTES, -A- merican-ForlTTecently M. Kimball visited Lehi and ' In the interest of the Woman Suffrage movement, and attended meetings of the association,speaking at both places. The Young Ladies' Associations in several of the wards of the city have given strawberry festi vals of late, the object being for social and friendly reunions, and also'to gather means for benevolent purposes, or towards books for theii just-wha- ' libraries. DAY. - , Mrs. Sarah : In the article published in the last issue of the ExroN" "Memorial Dayy when-su- m ming up the names of those in attendance, the name of Julia C. Howe was accidentally omitted. It should have been one of the first names mentioned, for she was a very intimate friend of Sister Hannah T. King's. NT-entitl- The fourth ,0f July 1891, has come and-gon- e with its usual amount of noise and parade all over tne great itepublic that glories in tne stars ana stripes, drums and fifes; in its lauded patriotism and the freedom and advance of its civilization. In only one small portion of this grand country is there really political equality for the sex who form one halt of the numerical strength of the United States of America. In Wyoming alone does equal rights for men and women mean one and the same thing. Even this outlook is hopeful; the day star has risen in the West, that is going to light the world with its effulgence. Wyoming can afford to celebrate joyfully on Independence Day in honor of this independent state. Utah did her very best this year, to celebrate this day of days for free America; in this city there was parading, music and speeches. All grievances were laid aside or forgotten, none but the fBesTof feelings prevailing, but the- fates were for in the midst of the exernot cises in Liberty Park, up rose a tremendous . - over-propitio- us, "companied with hail and wind, and trees were torn up by the roots and other damage done: the elements for some reason were in great commotion, and the fine apparel donned for the occasion was sadly bedraggled,to say the least. However there was no great harm done, only it put an end to the fun and merriment for the time feeing".""" Ogdcn fared a little better in this respect f the day was comparatively a fine one; the parade there was quite gorgeous and the procession elaborate. The exercises in Lester Park were uninterrupted by storms of wind or rain and in jhe evening there was agrand display of pyrotechnics at the Park, followed by dancing which Jkept up untilS late. feourProvo; Logan, Richfield and other large towns and cities in the Territory celebrated in the approcessions, proved style with bands"' all and the essential speeches,fine ringing patriotic adjuncts, to make the day a festive and jolly occasion, and to impress all, and espedaljyhe of making it the chtrdfewTl in the history of the country. day of all days Every child bom on this side of the ocean doubtless is imbued more or less with pride in the victory so appropriately perpetuated throughout the Union, in the remembrance of the people, and ji positive enthusiasm is always inspired when the band plays Yankee Doodle, the Star Spangled Banner, prjAmericaand:yetJw something to be desired for this glorious land of liberty; and until the time comes when women as well as men enjoy political privileges there will always be a hollowness .and an uncertain in the rejoicing on Independence Day. But when the time comes, as it assuredly will, J ; ;ssSs,s so-un- national political parties in this Territory, I stepped inside the door to see,whatyou were doing, not intending to make a speech. Since you called on me, I will depart so far from the course I have hitherto pursued as to say a few words before taking my seat. I will say, gentlemen, that I am heartily in favor of this movement. Great applause, j Whenever I deem it to be my duty to speak out on any subject, I do it. About nine months ago when it was announced by the head of the religious organization known as the Church of Saints, that he proJesus Christ of Latter-da- y posed to obey the laws of his country, and advised all the members of that church to do likewise; and when the general conference representing the church, passed resolutions stating that that advice was binding on its members, I chose to believe it was in good faith. It Applause. I orhad been that the was insisting after did and to it, I'do they ganization ought do, around and that feel like turning not saying they I seen have not to hem ft sincere. were enough jb ohnennelJiaTmany dT tnlem, at least had convictionsthat they possessed consciences, "by which they were governed. 1 have seen them " to the passinairaftennan from this court-roopenitentiary rather than promise to obey the law. And when the People's party, composed of members of that church, through its' committees announced that the People's party had disbanded, and. the announcement was acquiesced in, I chose to take it in good faith. And when they stated that they proposed to .... vote with one or the other of the two national parties of the nation, that was right, and that the public good so demanded, I chose to "attribute good motives to them. The People's party and the Liberal party of. this Territory have been organized with respect to religion." It is a bad thing to have political parties, in any country, organized with respect to religions faith and ors'htpifSlncTlnT'Morrnons have abandoned polygamy and the People's party has disbanded, there is nothing for a third party Enthusiastic and interesting political meetings of citizens have been held in this City during the last few weeks, and the agitation of the subject of government and kindred topics thus brought before the people will be educational to the masses, and especially so to the young people who have had little knowledge of the principles of the national parties. t m The Relief Society of Farmer's Ward held a meeting on Thursday July 9th, at the residence of Mrs. Margaret Peart, Pres. Emma Woodruff presiding. There were present as visitors Sisters MJsjbella JHome, S a.ra)j M Kimball jEJizabeth-HowardE. B. Wells, and Dr. E. S. Barney. Meeting opened with singing4'How firm. a foundatadot-la-Dursuehenr- a tion." Prayer by SisJerE. Bj.VVellsjinging, Minutes "ligiou ZrZthiFthoulhaUd conduct, as. the conduct of previous meeting read and approved after of the members of any church, may be defined as which Pres. E. Woodruff made a few opening recrime and punished, if injurious to society. But marks and expressed her desire to hear from their heliefs"cannot be so defined, prohibited and Pres. Home and the other visitors;. brief adpunished. In abandoning 'polygamy and in disdresses were made by Sisters Howard, Home,, solving the People's party the Mormons did right. And they deserve credit for it, not censure and- -' Kimball, Barney and Wells, upon subjects of abuse.7 In "so doing, I giVe theiri credif for special interest to the sisters at the present time, and good motives. I went as far as the law particularly the political situation, the advance- -' ment of woman, her influence upon society, and would allow in suppressing polygamy ; but I dare the need of being prepared to stand alone and renot invade the right' of conscience. No earthly main true to the faith in the midst of trials. power has a right to penetrate the human bosom Coun; S J Cannon made brief remarks expressand eradicate from the soul of man its religious ing her appreciation of the goodv teachings the beliefs. If that work can be done, it must be sisters had given, and her own desire to improve performed by a power that is higher than any"., thing human. the sisters for their visit and the good instructions If any man in his worship does not act inthat they had given,desiring to prove faithful unto jurious to society, by what authority may you or I the end. , Singing "O, say what is truth," etc. or all of us, stand between him and his God? If Benediction by Sister Taylor. After the close of we may pursue one man fot..Mslho.iigtits and' be the meeting " refreshments. liefs, we may another. An individual may conversation-indulgeand social in present, d TieHbinieves what he can.' an hour, when the sisters separated, having The human intellect and conscience must be left enjoyed a very pleasant meeting together. free. If we may suppress one church because of the beliefs and of worship of its members, we may another, and whose religion will be JUDGE ZANE'S VIEWS. spared? The Constitution of the United States declares that Congress shall make no law respectWe sincerely hope and trust that this speech of ing an establishment of religion or prohibiting the. Judge Zane's will be read and widely circulated; free exercise thereof.': This i axardinalpWCiple; coming from aJudge holdmgjihe position that lie and of our system of government, does and having such opportunities for al knowing stated That being so, why organize political the people of whom he speaks'his words should have weight with the public . - E d 1 to r . parties with respect to religious beliefs or worship? Whenever government attempts to proMr Chairman and Gentlemen of the Convenscribe men on account f their beliefs before they tion: have cropped out jnto human actions, they Feeling an interest in the organization of that which belongs to a Power above us - , -- pat-riot- ic -f- or-about the-mode- s both-nation- eat-em- pt r 