WOMAN'S of the benefit young ladies were deriving. from. -- EXP GHENT. 133 She was born at Phelps, Ontario CountyKew York, May 17th, 1822. Her death occurred at the residence of her daughter, Mrs. Mira Y. i t. WOMEN OF THE NATION. "The next speaker introduced to the audience A RLFRE3EN JAT1VI3" GATIIEIIING. was Mrs. Richards, of the National Woman's Rossiter. Relief Society, who began her brief address by At-th- e Her illness extended nearly three months, and Riggs House Feburary 21st, were to the honor have 'I Utah. saying: represent during that time she suffered intensely, but ungathcred4together, in a social way,more reprewhom' I women are The 25,000 represent seeking sentative and progressive women than were complainingly, enduring her sickness with the and love peace andjgoodwill extended to sime patience and fortitude that "ever, chartq have probably ever seen at one time in this country. ail. On account of the length of the programme acterized her every action in life. She embraced The event was a reception; tendered by Mrs. not will I of the Wo- Jane II. Spofford to 4the ...officers speak longer, except to say that I am o illfiJpeULan v n lylmnczmQAQallLak! t man 8 national council, wmcn uegms us nrsi stopping atihe Riggs House, and will be pleased-tCity in.lhe year 1848. She. endured the privaanswer questions there. Iwill now give way tions and persecutions that the Saints bad to triennial session this afternoon. The reception was held in the large dining to Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells.', undergo,bearing up bravely under all circumwhich had been "Mrs. Wells- is editor of the Woman's Ex stances; cheering and comforting those around room of the Kiggs House, cleaned and decorated for the occasion. rONEXT, of Salt Lake City, and fone of the most her, extending charity to the needy, and ever Around the walls of this spacious room were interesting women at the Council.1 She hasbeen ready to lenda helping hand to those in distress. hung the national colors aud evergreens, Whilo chastened and spiritualized by suffering into a She bore poverty and trouble without a murmur, nhniif. t hn nivhpafrn. in f.ViA tvindmvs Ami ranrrpA 0and In the home circle shone with undimmtd sympathy with woman nhat truly represents the flnvrPM nliinfa nalrns in and run. trnntfjil wpta spirit of Him whom, those of her faith.ealLMaslerjJastre ' lasion. Uu entering the room the hrst thing as those of Chnstianr denominations. beneficial. One of her greatest characteristics to 'attract the'"eye" was'' a largo American Hag Mrs. Wells gave a short account of the Relief was her keen perception and prompt answers to stars in tho which, instead of the forty-fou- r of Society. Its headquarters'are in New York; but was the mother She questions importance. pf Union Jack, had ond large lono star with the it has branch societies all over the country, a hosten children, seven of whom, with one sister and word "Wyoming" inscribed under it. It is two brothers,remain to mourn her loss. She was .1. not a single one or!.the- - hunpital managed entirely by women, and has its own sale to say mat organ The Woman's Exponent." singularly reticent and unobtrusive, scarcely dreds of earnest women there but turned mora than once to thi3 symbol of woman's emancipa leaving her own fireside, but withal never ceasThe three days' sessions of the Woman's ing to do good whenever she had the opportunity. tion. Here wa3 the first break in the chain of National Council were of an exceedingly interestStates ""that had denied the right of and her forty-fou- r No call upon her was madeTin-vaining character. In fact so much has been crowded into the minds and hearts of the people who have sympathy was ever great to those in need. -- Her suffrage to women. The star of progress, determination to do right was ever uppermost in according to the advanced ideas of women been listening through these three davs that it all things. She was humble, and a devoted suffragists, has risen in the West,and Wyoming will take weeks of thought to digest the whole servant to her Master, and when He 5aw fit to is honored by the enthusiasts as the first matter, and sufficient material has been furnished call her home, she was ready to go. Her work State to accede to women citizens equal rights to occupy the next four years, in developing; with the men. The Wyoming "Itar was tho was done. Throughout her whole life she w'as the seed which has been planted 'will surely centre of attraction last evening. Ai the for the comsolicitous and unaffected, being pure o uuvu auu auuuuaui nut tai southern end of the dininehall an orchestra f vu) that will bless and comfort the world of humanity. fort and happiness of those around her, she was of string instruments discoursed sweet music Grand, noble, yea queenly,are "the women who a devoted mother, a loving wife, and won the and kept up a pleasant accompaniment to the friendship of all who knew her. are laboring to unite, in a great band of sisterhum of conversation and gentle laughter that This was proven during her sickness by the filled the room. hood, the several great organizations and bring many iriquines made by relatives and friends, them in loving unison and fellowship one with ItearijreveryDodyTthat is nearly every lady, was there. At least 500 people greeted the another 2nd blessed mutual helpfulness. That proffering a helping hand to alleviate her suffer ' the Lord is working through His Holv Soirit noon ings.'- These attentions were gratefully appre-iatT- d .receiving party duriu UIC WUIUCU KJk lUla UttLlUU, iUJU UUICI reception whic UHLIUU5, in her extended the sympathy approaching death; reception was informal and a lady in a street must be apparent to all who have eyes to see, at the residence of dress, or a gentleman in a morning coat did conducted were The services and ears to hear. That this is woman's era who not feel out of place, as there was plenty of her daughter, and were both impressive and comforting. She was noble looking in life, and most company. The sterner sex was wpiully iu the women of the world, who are actively engaged in beautiful in death. Her work was finished, her life minority, although a score or more ot gentlethe great questions that 3re being agitated for the men had the courage to breathe the same ended. - Her crown is priceless, her reward sure. benefit of the women of our own and other . 1' ': and crowa virtues 01 her wim mis emulate many heCchildren aimospnere urainy, witty, lands (and what uplifts women, elevates the May and pretty young, old, and mi Jdle-ageladies. live so as to meet her who has "gone before." whole human family), are the very women who was Everybody was there, and- evervbodv M. Y. R. ff if have planned and carried into effect this union of made welcome, A more amiable and gentle organizations, this great federation of. associaassemblage could not: be imagined. The pro tions. One very pleasing and promising feature YOUNG. D. LUCY TO verbial sewing-circl- e gossips and short haired of the Council is the great number of bright, in womens rights cranks, that have unfortunately come have women attractive that telligent, become associated in the public mind with young Her life's work ended rounded and complete, forward and taken an active part in the work ryyj earthly problems given noblest test, everj woman's movement, were conspicuous sweet. sounded iDis is specially gratifying, for it is and must for their absence, and in their stead was a We know that death's low whisper rest. and in to women of the present peace necessarily be the young Bidding her enter company of Stately, amiable ladie3, whose quiet earnestness anu subdued eathusiasoi testieJ century upon whom the great burden of responwith vain tears that good life's quiet doe Not that refinement and public s)irit are not in sibility will fall and who are to work out the lines mourned for o'er all earthly grief be shall Now ' of progression that will ensure the victory desired compatable. on high what songs of joy arose know We for those who have toiled, lo, these At the left of the eritrance, aud stretching many years. From kindred spirits greeiingJicri;elfe& almost across tho wide hall,were the receiving ladies, separated from the immense throng by We know the sorrows that had brutsed her heart ! its a canvas covered .rope. Oa the extreme right, NOTICE day, In long past years, turning to night heading the receiving line, was Mrs. Jane 11. Are healed with balm God's loving hands impart The reports from the various branches of the SpofTord, the hostess of the evening. Mrs. To those who nobly tread earth's thorn paved way. Relief Society throughout the Territory and Spoffurd carried the honors of her position in that patient heart the soond No longer the region adjoining, should be forwarded to Dr. extremely well, a3 she always does. Next to sad sea murmurs waken pain ar.d dread; Of her was that little weman who Romania B. Pratt, at the Deseret Hospital, Salt In that far world is hope's fulfilment found ha3 stirred the temeranco element cf Lake . City, so as to reach there no later than up " Earth and the sea have yielded up their dead. Miss Washington during the last week March 20th, 1891. If they are cot received by Frances with E, Willard, president of the Woman's meel complete. Arifil t.I l....'...!ll UUL UUC It.-J-- J I And filled with g'adness, crowned IHUUUCU IU IUC cum- f.tt iucy Will Council. Next came. the veteran in the cause kindred dear. her with She lives and labors . piled report. of woman Euffrage Miss Susan 13. Anthony, a and sweet, Filling in joy, with humble heart Sarah M. Kimball, Sec. grasp of whose hand was most eagerly sought ' The glorious mission of that higher sphere. for by the guests. Ncxttoher waj Mrs. Jil. Josephine Sfexcer. Louise Thomas; the treasurer nf .tho ' nniihfn LUCY DECKER YOUNG. and a lady known from one end of the country Sister Lucy Decker Younjr. wife of the late The Sabbasjhejink between the Paradise to the other for her grand work in the elevation 6T women. ITss Clara Bartou came next, tlie Brigham Young, passed quietly away whfch has passeiAway' alHeMweFn'Iclr fat resident president of the Red Crors Society, a lady 6 o'clock, is yet to come. :iodor Wylie.. Saturday morning, Jan. 24th, 1891. . 1 - - well -- 1 V - - : fthe 1 1 1 . d W - . - 4 quiet-lookin- g -- 