WOMAN'S .EXPONENT. 152 welcome a stranger ho will himself wash his feet. Another cause more readily, appreciable, is the copious ,uso of olive oil, both iiu a medicine and as an article of diet. But per haps the habit they have of whitewashing their houses on tho return of all their festival, 13 the best preventive of disease, Garibaldi proposed to turn the channel of the Tiber by means of weirs, so that when the . snows melted on the Appenino and ' Alban raou n t a i ns : lib i in co n ve n i en ce w ou id be felt from the flood in the city. This magnificent Fcheme was never carried out, owing to the. poverty of the Italiaii exchequer. It has been conjectured that if the course of the river, as it passes through Rome, could be dried up for one year, tho spoils that wqulff be found buried deep beneath its alluvial soil, would amply pay the cost of the undertaking. But no capitalist could be found to advance " money upon such a contingency. . the Ghetto, arc yet to bo seen the remains of the portico of 0ctavia. They are situated in the very centre of "the settlement. In this magnificent abode, with its courts and corridors; Titus was received and feasted, after h"i3 return from the conquest of Judea, and destruction of Jerusalem. lie went first to pay his vows to Capitolino Juve, leaving poor Simon, the last of the Pharisee patriots.at the foot of the hillfrom whence he was taken to the dark , and fetid dungeons of therMamertino prison, and thcre,according to the tigerish brutality of Rome, be was put to death, while Titus wa3 being riotously entertained in the halls of Octavia. In the Spring of 1S73 the writer visited. Rome and tho Ghetto, and found it as she has describcd lt: T.e imagination even of DTsraeli could fiud nothing there to suggest proud or animating hope, but only the petty J9dJwoj;)isf4he preen tpthatr borrow "do dignity from the past or the future. My memory and ray pen have run away : with mcf and taken me into subjects I had not aLJiriUiaUidi a! tv ionch ujon; But who that d has the "Eternal City its splendid and buildings monuments, splendid even in .its and decay, rums, and read iu their history the unmistakable testimony they bear to the truth of the Gospel, can refrain from giving vein to feeling of admiration; t)ror see lha degradation to which the descendants of Abraham have been subjected too, without an indescribable feeling of sorrow and pity for their merited suffering, though it may be, through their rejection of the Redeemer. At the same - tune sending up a to prayer heaven, that our Father-wi- ll iiastcrrtho day of their restoration and redemption. reco-lectio- - ns DRUNKARDS GOOD ... ... . ... CHRISTIANS?, A II E 8 A LOON- - K E ET K liS AND a strange one This question may seem-ratheand in the negative a broad assertion to make, but from my standpoint and reasoning 1 believe I can prove, invariably, nay. I might say without one exception saloon keepers and drunkards are not good Christians. Now if I were to ask either of these individuals, "Arc you a good Chmtian?l.wouhL not their answer be," Yes, I believe I am?' And should I say to them, "Do you believe in doing unto others as you would that they should do to you, as taught by Christ; He whom all go&'d Christians certainly believe in, who set such good and noble examples that all might pattern after Him if they would?""- "Oh yes," they will say, "this doctrine will apply very welt to religious people, but hardly to us." iiWe have a2 living to make, we need money, r riehand-if-jtheytb- er "sloW'lcpcr? "wercfoTeirihe"l'ru tE ihey would say, five do not "care at whose expense it is or whoJhas to suffer for it." I say shame on those persons who s: 'wilfully rob men of their meau3 and their manhood, and pander to their vile tastes, who deprive wives of their husband's support, and children of their father's care,and make outcasts of those who arc near and dear to U3. Thi3 is the work with a thousand more evils of attachedjwhich are too odious to mention. And what shall I gay of the -- drunkard?- A most despicable creature indeed, with all his reasoning faculties lower than the brutes iu the field. A man whom God created in the beginning to be a protector over women, to love, honorrand cherish her. A being whom saloon-keeper- s, God made in His own image, with a mind capable of becoming the must intelligent of all His creatures. One who should set a good example the head of his family- being kind, living, perhaps blamed by people for taking' such a course, whilc tho husband and father goes on in his downward lourse,neither know- ing nor caring what becomes of them the dear ones whom ho had vowed to love and cherish. I have seen these things and it has caused my heart to ache for the misery and unhappi-nes- s it has brought. This may seem strong language to use, and perhaps there are exceptions to every rule,butcan we consistently say that saloon:keepcrs and drunkards aro good Christians? SIX BRIGHT WOMEN. Miss Helen Reed, whose Sargent prize translation of an ode of Horace leads in the new Scribuer s, has decided not to remain in her position-asiiteraryedito- the Advert rof IwMZlMisO article each week f or the New York World. She will shortly make a visit jn Washington. Airs. Isabella Barrow3, wh is best known as a writer, associate editor of the Christian Register, quick stenographer and accomplished linguist, was thoroughly educated for a physician in the best foreign schools as well as at home. Buther love of medicine was rather theoretical than practical. Literary work is " . her, pleasure. ; Miss E. W. Phil brook is an active business -woman in Bostonwho has-ma- de her success between an and by equipoise philansagacity is She interested in some always thropy. philanthropy, and . just now is particularly-desirou- s to aid Mr?. Lincoln iu bringing the condition of our sick poor at Rainsford Island to the relieving notice of the kind-hearte- d public. - virtii'ous,"IoVi the Bible says, "he that does not provide for his family is worse than an infidel." Andean AlisaO'Duflyy-- a young womail" labdutW years old, isone of the largest rmportersof and dealers in wild animals in this country. She i - i!7 13 me. J... uauuieoiJEUU!n.uiuLarugeistana-na- ta natural liking for the business. Miss Edith Brown i3 one of the most successful of the younger artists in Boston. She i3 a designer for stained glass, and has tiken prizes in competition with gome of-tfamous worker of this department. She is ; only 21 years of age. Mrs. Chauncey M. Depew pays the penalty of being the wife of New York's most popular dinner guest. It i3 a very rare event for him to dine at his own table during the season, I- nil' -- .I a drunkard do thisjyjie vile grog shops, with their more vile associations and temptations, spending his money on his own dear self, with never a thought of his wife and innocent children who should Eoor his help and support. I say he cannot And is this all the harm he doe? How many homes have been made desolate that once were happy, where wives, had all confidence in their husband?, and where all thinsrs seemed in harmony with each other, and where love and joy prevailed. But now, how different! How the poor wivesrhearts are made to ache, is except-when-h- e their. tender-feeling- s la cerated, - their love a have Depew isijuoted as saying irthat thing to be spurned.- - How the dear children to him for it." engage are made to suffer for want of nrooer food and clothing, and abo.allJmvwaut.nffl father in the true sense of the word. Oh what LEiil w. s. A. a curse driuklis, Jn ihii theJOth Dr. Lyman Abbott, at a meeting in the century, interestrof thelndiansrsaid: rtThe"l)est leading to all the crimes in the catalogue Editor Exponent: lwyto And men take it because, Jorsooih,JheyJi&ve prepare the Indian for freedom and citizenship Tho Woman's Suffrage Association of .Lehi i3 to oil moral, eourage-t- resi st i t give him responsibilities to make him a hgmhm held - thctr annual Sheeting Dec. 15 1 890 the citizen." they, Cannot Dr. Lyman Abbott see that, .stronger sex, they who should set a Joanna Tatteivof Provo, Utah Co., President better on but in the same the mean time leave example, and Hannah Lapish of American Fork Vica principle, devolving political rethis for the poor, despised women, the sponsibilities upon women will be good for l'res.,were present and made spirited addresses" weaker to dc. women and good for the StateL. sex, .a wild A reorganization was effected with 99 ..' Doliuot-knoof Indian with eaes a hich vote 13 safe and useful in the have" come" members. The following officers were elected under own my observation, where civilized woman be body not politic, may lovelv Pres., Mary Ann Webb, Chairman Ex. Comvirtuous refined, trusted with a vote also? girls have married men who mittee kate Allred, Sce'y., Sarah T. Evans to all outward Asst. Secy, Emma J. Taylor. Ex. Com appearances were gentlemen Gov. Thayer, of Nebraska, has and gone insane a Mer few months this hideous vice Martha Brown, Eliza Trane. - Orinda the through Allred, would make its fatigue and excitement attendant appearance,making their wives' MaryAuu Sorenson, Mary M. Gaddie, lives the contest upon over the election. If a Josephine Brown, Mary A. Standrincr, Sarab when perfectly miserable, and in a few years woman had lost her mind under such circum beautiful children" have B. 01msteadr Sarah C. Tavlorr begun to row stances.orif any assembly of women had behaved around them, have made their homes so inThe first meeting under the new orauiz-i-tioas the Legislatures of Nebraska and several tolerable and unhappy by their vicious was held , an. 5 1391. habits other States have lately "been doing it would Speeches we I T'-- iuubiiitno provide for' have bean quoted everywhere as a proof that tttir famdies poor wives have been women are not fit for legislators. We shall not that of the meji who have bo misbehaved. But h ir children with them and doing anything say 71 it is evident tlmf. tWr nor.l tha J illtli power ttjtia-n-Jt- m n u e n DeT tn 'help meet for tl lem. yi-itc- -- he host-himsc- UV -i'S- o-rare-Mrs. I -- -- -- I w , . n T TT 1 1 J 1 