WOMAN'S EXPONENT 112 CO OPERATIVE HOUSEKEEPING. Evanston, 111., hag Just, organized an immense Housekeeping Association memcomposed of tvvo hundred and sixty-si- x bers, with Henry L. Graw,' manager. The central" kitchen has been equipped with a complete hotel apparatus, and has a capacity for cooking three hundred orders. The bills of fafe are sent around twenty-fou- r hours" in advance of the meal ordered, and the order blaiik at once returned. The meal is prepared and closely packed in a huge dinner Co-operati- ve , defatigable energy. Rochester is proud of Mis3 Anthony?' Probably no other citizen of this city is so widely known, and wherever she is known she inspires only respect and esteem. Rochester, Dec. 1G. WHAT A LADY DOES NOT DO. There are several things always absent' in a a true lady, which "girls will do well to notice Mr. 51. airs. Isabella Iiorne,rre?t. DRESS GOODS, WOMAN'S CO-OPERATI- FANCY ARTICLES, DRESS KAKIHG for VE Ladies N RAGE ASSOCIATION. MANUFACTURING TRIMMINGS, BURIAL SUITS,. 1891. NOTES AND INSTRUCTIONS. of Women t will jneet the three preceding days. in the same place be will thus double inducement to a' There " visit Washington at this timer" The reduced railroad fares will extend from Feb, 19, to March 3. The Riggs House will be the headquarters of the Association, and will give the"" reduced rates to delegates-and-visitor- to ' convention. Miss Lucy E. Anthony, Riggs House, Washington, D. C, is committee on railroad rates both for the Woman's Council and for Suffrage Convention. Those intending to be present should write to her for information . Every auxiliary State society is entitled to send three delegates, and one additional delegate for each hundred members. The first executive committee meeting will be held Feb. The- National Couocil - ' 25. : Presidents of. ..he alLWojPmJ" rage Associations auxiliary to the National-America- Opp.Clty tali Ar, 1 W&lX) W. S. A. are once more reminded lluliUUJ 0N SALE to .a tiIj UNION TICKET OFFICE, Main Street, Salt Lake City. S. W. ECCLES, Genl. Pass. Agt. . :K..TH t. 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st South St.. Nine ji u n dred and Mm ty two women-regis- : xxr m r i iv jl. icicu iu vuejeuue, n j., iur lue recent election. Several women rode twenty six miles into Cheyenne to vote. 1 n o 1 AT d vice-presiden- 1 EAST, WEST, -NORTH and SOUTH -- - - SALT LAKE CITY. -- Henry Ward Beecher's old house in Brooklyn has been turned into a boarding-house- , and his large library cut up by partitions into The Leading Retail G ash bedrooms. With the new year, the Women's Penny Paper of London, which has met with rapid gro wth and sucws37ivill"chingeits"n to the Woman's Herald. f& " H ouse - S fi f- two and one quarter million members, that over of the Methodist church are women; and the proportion will two-third- s Special to the Ladies. of the neccsity of sending the annual dues (ten probably hold true in every evangelical body. cents for each member of : the State Society local auxiliaries,) together, and of its paid-uWalt Whitman is putting the latter tourhp p with-thfr-list-- -- of fflemberstOTthetrcasurerr as-yoiume- Will bo tound tholatesUtylss and piodnctiona and containing his intended songlets, as a "second annex and completion" to "Leaves LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, MGrmSLJS.L--U- FAK- S- GLOVES, PARASOLS, The reception given by the citizens of MISS ANTHONY'S RECEPTION, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES Rochester to Miss Susan B. Anthony on the And an elegant assortmenf 0 was a 15th, about 700 affair, pleasant The reception given in honor of Mks Susan persons wm me u ueiu in B. Anthony last evening- - by the Woman's Unamber of ftttcuuiug. departmentr--'.for Ladies' Alisses'. and Political club of this city Jrcaa a.: tribu te tola: Commerce rooms' - which wereeautifullT; f.SKeCcnShoes. noble woman who fu lly cleserves, because she decorated with flowers and" t ll2 116, 118 East Temple Sir, has grandly earned, all the honors which" her color aboundM jevery where. 7 fellow citizens of Rochester can heap upon her Abe seal for the State of Wvomin? adonfpd o r " 'The ladies whose thankfulness provided this emblematic and peculiarly testTmnlaTto the virtues and services of their felicitous; One of the TINflERS CAS.VVATER & STEAM FITTERS figures' h that of a wohad the cordial man, from whose distinguished fellow-worke- r uplifted arm hangs a broken sympathy of the menand women of Rochester chainsymbolizinthegran Agent for RUMSEY'S' r WlK' ".vvjwvvu Uir XUU trnniir "who apprecialeternnyment, the clere?tcom r, Uil to Pumps Eepafred on short notice. Orders iron rights Wyoming women. The motto' of the e cocnirj mon s.ense, entire disinterestedness and in- - State 13 promptly responded to. "Equar: Rights," Aliim, CATD Esx 333. SALT LAX 2 CITT. Mrs. Jane H. Spofford, Riggs House, Wash- ington, D. 0 old-ag- e -- .. . t bj-ihtpihtxi- mU ttptj A. , -- . Hall.SaltLaieCitj PRINCIPAL POINTS ' Dr. Mary Walker, who was reported to be " dying is better. December 17th 1890 was the eighty-thirbirthday of the beloved poet, Whittier. A Women's Educational and Industrial Un ion - has j ust been formed a t Watertown, N. Y., making the fifth in the State. "Mrsv Cleveland gave a Thanksgiving dinner to eighty children belonging to the kindergarten of which she is It is aid of the n GOODS 123 E. 1st SOUTH INSTITUTION of the National American Woman Suffrage Association will be held in Washington, D. O, in Albaugh's Opera House, Feb. 26 March 1, Children, and MERCANTILE and AND NEWS. NOTES annual convention & DRESS Co-operati- ve twenty-thir- d p : and remember. A lady, for example, will never ignore little kindnesses; concludeJn.a crowd that she has a right to push her way through; consume the holding tin reservoirs. All these compartin a hot watertray, where'the time of people who can ill spare it; talk loudly ments fit snugly ' in public places, . wearonthe ..street a dress food will" keep warm for an hour- - or more. This huge dinner pail when packed i3 taken to fitted only to the house or carriage; wear a torn glove,. when a needle and thread and afetv the wagon, which is fitted with racks for holdstitches would make it all right; fail in answeing them securely, and with a team of fast i3 ill "ft olrgi:ionmYe people - ring J.? tterajorreturning. visita unless she who are members of this Association. The "or in trouble, fret about the heat or "the coHr the sun or the rain, the air or lack of it; price of meals 13 four dollars a week for adults make an engagement and then not be on" time, and half price for children under twelve. complain of her family, or discuss personal This Housekeeping Association with strangers; always believe the worst affairs an i3 the only one of its kind in this country rather than the best side of a story. Association where fifty families, at their own A lady does not do any other than make table, will eit the same kind of food, cooked at the best of everything the world, the weather the same place, for the same price. and herself. She believes in the golden rule, Ex and endeavors, as far as possible, to live up to it. Ex NATIONAL-AMERICAWOMAN SUFF- The aiauieisaistmt-'niomaa.Su- . X' In-ant's 