... - .. -- .. The Bights of the Women of Ziont and the Rights of the Women of Vol. 19. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH; APRIL 1, 1891. contents. ' .:: " . Essay on the Sixth Lecture Voras.n's-Progress--Sarah-A."Bo- of Faith E. yer. ' ' ' Lula. A ' firmly he for justice stood Where dark passions rolled; ; Stripped of all that men call gooir- Smitten to the soul; ' Report of Utah Before the N. A. W. S. Convention 7 Electa Bullock. Utah Woman Suffrage Association S. M. Kimball, Pres. Speech of Anna H. Shaw. Woman's National Council Notes and "News7 "Notice. . 7 " " ": " : I 7E Ditori al n'Memoriam? Poetry: A Tribute of Sympathy Emily H. Woodmansee. Song of Triumph L. L. D. A poetical Tribute H." W. Naisbitt. Again are we Afflicted L. M. H. President Wells .. TRIBUTE OF SYMPATHY. To the bereaved family of the late honored and President Daniel II. Wells. After life's tempestuous storms Cometh joy, and peace and rest ; Yet when Death (in varied forms) Gathers up the loved and best-T- ruly 'tis a weighty cross, Unto all who bear the loss. Still unmoyedJby grief or pain,T, Rage or hate of men, Truth and right he did maintain. Even to the end. . Rest in peace, - - - -- y Sweetly sleep, - - - In thy holy slumber deep. r-T- God who Sent hira here below Knoweth all his worth, Knoweth all the bitter woe, - who mourn a husband dead. Ye who miss a Noble Sire, Let your thoughts be heavenward led; - Let His deeds your souls inspire; in Glory your husband's name; in Glory your father's fame. He did taste 6n earth, , Knoweth well how to repay All his patient trust, So he shines a star of day Mid the risen just. Rest in peace, , Sweetly sleep, In thy holy slumber deep. 1 More than lips have said. Do we mourn thee, Father, Friend, Nay, for joy we sing, True and faithful to the end, Thou art crowned a King. Rest in peace, ' ' Sweetly sleep.-4"- ' In thy holy slumber deep. - L. L. D. ,.JLQLyour-lossi- s Israel's; THE DEPARTED LEADER ! Zion mourn's a mighty chief; Zion needs must share your grief. "Know ye not that there is a prince and a great man fallen this day In Israel?'' (2 Sam., iii, 38.) Champion of the sore oppress'd Lay your trusty armor by; d leader, rest Holy Angels hover nigh, Holy Angels love to keep, Watch where valiant Heroes sleep Tread softly as befits this sacred hour, Let busy thought with precious memories teem; For one more triumph of that mighty power Which breaks and shatters this "life's fitful dream." Yet, 'twas no dream to him, the latest called, For he had wrought amid its fiercest fires, - Where every liber of his soul enthralled, "" Was keyed to loftiestmood and grand desires! He worked for God, for truth, and humankind, Lion-hearte- Robe the slum'bring form with white. , Emblem of the gleaming day Bursting on the raptur'd sight- When pure spirits pass away; . MysteryTX)f myst'ries : Life is death, and death isLifel . rifM. Hritiffstreagtirtff So Israel in their, deepest heart enshrined, And crowned with love this consecrated soul! Brave and patient, just and true; Glorious record, great indeed; Admiration thrills us through, " For .the noble spirit freed; Crown his grave with immortelles, Faithful "Daniel Hanmer Wells." . -- -- ; - Emily H. Woodmahsee. Salt Lake City, Mar. 30, 1891. r SONG OF TRIUMPH. IN HONOR OF PRESIDENT DANIEL II. WELLS. Glory be to God Most High 1 ' 7 Glory to His Son I One hath laid his armor by, All his battles won ! God hath called our Friend .revered Where high anthems roll I Saint triumphant in his Lord, Victor at his geal ! " Rest in peace, Sweetly sleep, In ihy holy slumber4eep. In softest tones, in whispered words and low, We greet his friends, our friends, this hallowed day, Obi bow the headrlet tearful heartsd,erfIow, Though none wish his return, or urge his stay; 4Full well is known", for history's pages tell, v How in the breach he dared to be a man; As on the air the threatening murmurs swell, Of sounds demoniac from a murderous clan. , Ah! who shall tell the truth? that tragic past, For e'er remains writ on Columbia's soil; By few so brave, their protest then to cast Against oppression Jnjts mad, turmoil. -- From thence among the fugitives who fled, Amid the silence of these mountain vales, To dwell in peace, by heaven's direction led. To work and wait, till right o'er wrong prevails. Nerved to the contest rugged nature meant, "Yet courting conquest,'' as the years flew past, See, concentrated toil and pure intent Hath found its triumphs in these vales at last' Here countless homes, a n d I abpr Vgran i est crown,.. Here thousands dwell, here worship hath no far. And when each leader, tired, shall lay him down, . God's generations will their na mes rerere! ." " - ' . '- " Reception there; Farewell, we whisper hre, Our cast in Heaven's mould: A more than brother friend, forever dear, Beyond compare with treasured hoards of gold! Great! Yet he stooped to bless the humblest one, And deemed him equal, if he needed aid; ' A sympathetic soul, a hand which won " That heartfelt faith which never was betrayed. Amid his family, like an uncrowned king, Affection's rule.his sceptre and his throne; Wives and posterity today can bring That love most generous where he best was known. patriot-statesma- A POETICAL TRIBUTE. 7 . beholds a mighty throng Who forward press to greet the ransomed soul, Some silent stand, and some with bursting song Bid wrds of rictory 'mid the arches roll Some clasp tha hand, and some with warm embrace With loving tones the family gone before; And all the Priesthood hraves, "with earnest face, To see an old associate, loved of yore! from thosewho know is highest praise," These tasted suffering, trial had, and tears, . During those changes of the latter days, Such as beset the best in lengthened years. " ""Tens of thousands share your wee Many a heart with sorrow swells-L- oth to let a father go; 7 . "The eye of faith Loved his holiness below " No. 19. Noneed to call the roll ! The illustrious dead, ' Since Joseph fell in Carthage, one by one By him invited, upward have been led To move, in wider range the work undone! :And now, as by the coffined dust we Stand, " ZZ'izr" 7 Though thoughts and tears commingled feelings show No sorrow stirs the heart.no trembling hand, Would "wish it other than we see arid IcnowT" E'en' now it falls upon the spirit ar song of triumph, music's singing sound, Such as he heard amid that loftier sphere, Where our departed hath his welcome foundl -- We who watched the glory grow Round his saintly head. Ye i all Nations. n Honored in time, thrice honored 'mid the Gods, Shall not our souls awake t music's swell? In rapt thanksgiving kiss a thousand rods, And peaceful sayf "The Father .doeth weA" II. W. Naisbitt. ESSAY ON THE SIXTH LECTURE OF FAITH. 'lr : Z: The knowledge which persons jmust have that theou pleasing to God, in order that they may be enaoiea 10 exercise iaiin in mm unto me and salvation, supplies an important place in our religion. The confidence of God is an absolute necessity to. all persons to enable them to obtain eternal life, aad it was through this that the saints of ancient days." know ing, not believing, that thcpurs'e th pursued was agreeable to God, were willing to take con-fiden- co the "wasting of their substance" joyfully, and to suffer death in its most horrid forms. The glory which is laid up in Heaven for them that fear God and . worship Him according to revelation can never be attained without they have an actual knowledge that they- have embraced those things which God has established for the redemption of man. Without this knowledge, the opposition in the hearts : of unbelievers, and the persecution which they will have to encounter will cause them to grow weary in their minds. It requires more than belief or supposition litlieis doing the will of God, for a man to lay down his character, his houses, his lands. his brothers hissisters, family-an- d even his own liie for the sake of the knowl edge of Jesus Christ. in order to produce the faith necessary to - - -- wife-and- 