WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 166 without her .veil, which covers "the face,except the. that it ever was, the greatest comfort and conso- - the good spirit, and then all was vanity and vexa learn-t- o appreciate health eyes, and though the long, dark, lashes appear to lation, the one thing needful, Ihe Pearl ofreat tion of spirit. As we in the same the She and in this Price? is proud of opppsite, Conceal those dark orbs, yet they are adepts the by having way we learn Gospel. ay also ftelTo-sand of lessons learn all the I with with the the same that we heed her life, excepuse,of them and well understand their power. ' to wisdom's us'. tion 'is word a beautiful fearful of heavenly voice, guide being proud; this to me Many of the Arab women are very I believe to be a boon when young, and their figures are lithe and graced to use in spiritual matters and not becoming to Dignity and ' that we inherit from the Deity our Father in saints on any terms. . ful, but as age advances they grow very stout, In the first place we did not make this religion, heaven. And byiturjfying;Jnfiuence, we ask and are almost repulsive in features and man- " Him for intelligence,yes, a wise and understand- "we embraced it,- - believing "it- - to beexactlythe ner. lessons of life profitsame that Jesus taught, and as we live in ac- - ing heart to make all . Many of thm can spin, and weave, the beauti ful d fabric with which both the men, I cordance. with its teachings we know it is; be- - able to us. You can learn from reading history Him in all humility and that those who were wise and prosperous rulers and womenanTonrrheveallhyd I selves, as well as the course material that forms truth, then the Lord can show us His power to had a great respect for the Deity, and could rely the dress of the poor; Many among them are' do those things for us which are expedient, then upon the inspiration of this good spirit, and be blessed by it, and bless others also. we are thankful we are happy and rejoice in the very expert in the use of the needle, as the rich But in ray opinion pride is as different from and gorgeously embroidered scarfs worn by both gifts of the Gospel and the Apostle says again I sexes, as well as the splendid trappings of their I say rejoice! But does he say be proud. Are this as day is from night, for by it we allow foolish and yarn fancies to take possession of our to humility and pride offsprings of the same parent? horses, testify. In their features it minds which dignity and would for-- Can both dwell in our bosoms at the same time. trace the lineage of both Abraham and Hagar. In" some the Egyptian mother is strongly Not if I unjderjsUnd ihejyord. Noah Wfjebster bid. FoHnstance,,we fancywe r roust, keepupi. marked botkialooks and charactFrt"Where""the defines pride as being inordinate ;" with the spirit of the times, or not be popular; ' while dignity and teach us, that to' nose is broad, and lips thick, the skin is darker admitting this-bo- w quickly- - willvanity take hued, than in those where the Hebrew is strongly possession of our minds., Beside what does the be honorable or honest," upright and true to our ..... convictions of that which is right- or (righteous represented. Apostle tell us in 2nd Corinthians io chap.and verses "Not boasting of things without our as you may choose to call it) will command reMany - travellers describe the Arab women as measure that is of other men's labors; but havperson. living a life of idleness and ignorance, but that spect from every honest-hearte- d mourn is not my experience of them;- of course the loss of those we the should And why ing a hope when your faith is increased we shall climate does not admit of their being so active, be enlarged by you, &c." And in the 16 verse, who are not of this class. who women Of dwell the as are full and "boast not of another man's line of things made bustle, May we learn the difference between these two in colder climates, for even among their neighto our hand;" 17th he says "He that glorieth let qualities is the prayer of your Aged Friend find we north of them live who - Mary E. Kimball. him glory in the Lord." Hebron, bors, In my opinion, when we- contemplate the twor leading more active lives,the air of the mountains is more bracing, and invigorating, and stimulates pride and humility, Jim quite a difference.-WheR. S. REPORTS. them to take more exercise than those who has possession of our minds, we are pride ' d well "on the" burninglainX so that we doVriot fully appreciate the SAN JUAN STAKE. is no more there to aid of Divine assistance, we hurry on and make interesting sight Perhaps The Quarterly Conference of the Relief the traveler, than to meet a tribe moving their mistakes until we .see ourselves as we are, poor tents from one Oasis to nnother, literally seeking I dependent creatures Then we can humble our-- " Society of the San Juan Stake was held at Martha Hammond "f resn neias anu pastures new." i ne women selves and ask for aid and assistance, which the Bluff,1 Feb. 22, 1891. Coun. i ilTT '1 i . " 10 mounted on camels are completly, covered, and PreslalBS- - Sf01r aS humble saint will always receive; for then, and B."Slef; from their peculiar positions when riding look like-hug- e natshapen"' bundles of clothest"theysit w e have "po w e r within b u r s elve s, and m u s tTu s e "Tn a heap for hours at a time, without apparent it." regretted that Pres. Jane M. Walton was not but felt sure she had a reasonable movement or life, and yet beneath their calm ex- The DroDhet Mormon shows this $o rlar!v T present, r- -i TntTrziTZttt nra- HiIf CT"-.T,.jtericr often., lurks the:. most feryent,Dassions: I -- wS II III liLlL IlAfl " fm lllULl 1L1UU....I ULA WA 111,9 thelibTerrce of the State Secretary Sister-An- nie Love, hatred andl.oii'Sy7liave7uirpIay"mT;He been the of battle at the viously speaking great M. Lyman was sustained as secretary hearts and lives of these closely guarded, yet but hill Cumorah. The Prophet Mormon in his of the conference. lightly prized women; they have but little will of writings said he did not wish to harrow up the souls Pres. Kistine Neilson reported the Bluff.: their own, or if they "have, they cannot use it, of men, in before them the awful scene of ward. Stake Coun. casting Josephine Wood felt that they are but slaves, owned by hard masters; and blood and carnage which was laid before his the Relief Society was doing a great work' and those masters ihey have no voice in choosing. but that these eyes; must surely wished to do her part. Felt encouraged by knowing The parting blessings of Abraham to Hagar have be made known, and that all things things Jhat are hid what she had heard during conference; fcnetf been literally fulfilled, for the descendants of must be revealed the house tops." I will that a upon I s h ma ela tr e m ely numerous, an d comprise - write a small jeex abridgement." ful so as to claim help from the Lord. many- nations. They live the same nomadic life 'He. also says in another. place, "Thrice have I Bishop. Geo. .Halls reported - the Manco3 :::theirinstbrs lived; they are just as wild and delivered them out of the hands of their enemies ward. Said that on account of the bad weather untaraeable, while beneath that stolid exterior .and they have not repented of their sins; but the sisters could not go out to meetings at all smolders a fire that the merest spark will kindle they had sworn by all that man had been fortimes, but they, are alive to their duties and itfto a blaze that is, difficult to extinguish. As we bidden to anxious to do their best. swear, by" the Lord and Saviour Jesus near the Persian Gulf we find them following the Sister Agnes Allen bore testimony to the Christ, they would go up to their enemies to religion of Zaroaster, occupying cities, and battle and .trathlof Jhe.Gos pel , spoke upon kindness and d , .vUlagesr-an- d state' brethren; avwgejtheno living in that behold the voice of the Lord came to charity. Sister Eliza Redd felt well in the which that creed professes to teach. work of the Society and wished to do good; me saying: "vengance is mine 1 will repay, and But whether they are better, or happier under because knew that mothers ought to thoroughly underthis people repented not. after I had dethat regime, is a question somewhat difficult to livered them, behold they shall be cut off from stand the principles of the Gospel. answer. the face of the earth." Then Mormon refused to Rishop Neilson testified that the Relief j? e ikjEgfj 1 be their leader, yet he mourns over their fall Society was a help to the ward, and wished to women are not less slaves there, than are their He the sisters; compared the circum- once a delightsome people and encdurage said, "They, sisters of the desert, while the last named, Christ young days hepherdyear they- - AMPMjpiljiSrmu.M breathe a purer atmosphere, have more out door theyhad with those that surround the young people in were lea oy uod the f ather.But Jiowbehfrld ;: exercise, and are under less restraint than those are led about by Satan, even as chaff, is Utah. thdy who dwell in the cities. ; Sister Elsa Neilson bore her testimony to driven before the wind, or as a vessel is tossed the truth, and to the good instructions we had about upon the waves, without a sail or an" anchor received. ' HOW DO WE STAND? even as shea's, so are they. . Sister Harriet Ann Barton felt proud of the Now look at the contrast, even like that of kin sistersof BJufTforshe :knewtkeydesiiedlg We find that in all the business affairs of life, Gmonwhc-haden- rs do right and they entertained good feelings toit is we IF to look over our accounts occasionally wisuom vnen in possession of God's spirit,but too wards eaehMpther. Coun. Wm. Halls thought and see how we stand. Well this being proper this spirit was his, no matter thinking that women ought to have an equal right with in temporal matters is it not necessary to do the what course he pursued. He the forgot word of men in saying who should same in the spiritual?. 1 think so, and ask ourpreside over them. the Lord given through His prophet Moses sayPrayed Qod to bless the sisters in their labors selves, are we improving, as age and experience ing that "Thou shalt not go into those idolatrous' should develop? In conversing with a friend I among the saints; FreszrIIam m 011 dt eBtified at?a " goad 1 jr por- - ara told-th- is Gospels the aTnerecBusglf venturedjMAishal to goand what was"the result, he lost tion of the spirit of God had been enjoyed by , self-respec- t, ' . te parti-colore- i is-ea- sy self-respe- ct . -- "self-estee- m self-respe- ct -- ' 15-16-- - 17 - . -- n self-relia- . nt le 1 5 1 1 . ' excuser'"' "In v --- 4 mother.ceded-ta.hiLhflPiMDd-prayej- - -- semi-civilize- -- ::thir , " - self-relia- nt 