WOMAN'S OLD MAIDS ORGANIZE. The young Women of of Woodhaven, N. Y. have organized an "Old Maids' Consolation Association." They aver that they have been no w propose .Jlegtecte.I by..thely 9iing. meny-an- d to retaliate. Not to be outdone,eeveral young nien met and organized an "Old "Bachelors' Syiupathetic and Congolation Society." Preamble and resolutions were adopted a3 fol' , t an-- It having become known young women 'of this city have orga- - ' Old -- Clarissa man Imperial Court. Whereas. nized Where no pain to her can come; And we bow to Father's wishes, And sag I its will: be done." . ' that the Miss grandma's admonitions, And her kind and loving care; But she's resting from her labors. to the general rule of royalty, is decidedly good looking. The groom is the third son of He is 27 years the Duke of Anhalt-Dessau- . of age, and is a lieutenant in the First Prussian Dragoon Guards, a regiment of which Queen Victoria is the honorary Colonel. Tho betrothal look-j)lac- e in December last, with the usual ceremonies prescribed by the Ger- . lows: EXPONENT By the Queen's express desire the wedding took .place in the private royal chapel of St. George, which is located within the royal4 grounds, a short distance from the castle. WiLHELMfSecT CUoman s Voiee "AND PUBLIC SCHOOL CHAMPION.- . - MaidstConsolation.ABsociation,t-setting A bright newsy weekly paper, treating of all The Phrenological Journal for July has something to say of Prof. Briggs and the reforms that affect women; is a firm defender of church controversy, and says it clearly and the public schools, and gives information concernthem. well, giving a portrait ot the reverend critic. ingIt contains reports of the W. C. T., the King's A remarkable Irishmen and public character ana Missions. was Mr. Ivavanagh, who is described, and how jjaugniers Exposes the dangers threatening the nation he made his way in the world, despite the fact" from Immigration, the Liquor Traffic and Roman-- u : : i i i i i :.i uo uixu ism tnves tun reports oir tne ueuuer nanus nor im.. wme cnaracier of Hayden, the great musician, is well limned, Boston Music Hall Patriotic. Sunday afternoon men of the community, deploring their hasty r iA and Dr. Itaynolds relates certain interesting roeetings.;r action iu assigning tnemselyes jso prematurely SAMPLE COPY 3 ets. PRICE $1.00 PER YEAR. to old maidenhood, earnestly request them to incidents of animal intelligence. In the de . Address: ELIZA TRASK HILL. recoubiuer ineir action. Aline same lime we partment of Practical Phreuology the reader Editor and General Manager, Room 9JTremont extend our heartfelt sympathy and penitently will be much entertained. It contains a strikTemple, Boston, Mass. and illustrated the article on to for ing atone "profusely promise past neglect. study of character by photographs, und the Resolved, That we appoint a committee to attend the next meeting of the "Old Maids' first prize essay on the "Utility of PhrenolConsolation Association," and do all in their ogy." "A Pink of Perfection" hits off a periivi tain type of childhood capitally, arid "Wrong power to effect a consolidation of the two socieSide Out" is a good illustration of motherly ties under the title of the "Mutual Consolation Keeps on Hand tact. "Refined Physical Culture" takes - up Association." GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY the subject of exercise on a line that has DRESS After singiug the hymn "Come . ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS the meeting adjourned, subject to the novelty, and "Grape Juice" will probably open AND STATIONERY, EQUIthe eyes of gome of the temperance people. POISE WAISTS, ETC. call of the chair. Ex. , in its JTIakl all latest branches, Millinery, In his. second article on "Systematic Moral ng I)rw ptylPF, Hat and Ilonnela cleaned and retrimmed Culture," the editor opens a new field, and Feathers curled, etc. Stamping doco to order. Bat. tons covered while you wait. JJorlal Salts a Specialty MISCELLANEOUS. shows the fallacy of expecting moral stability TH SOUTH STREET, TSTn lOQ without a definite training of the moral ZO JQi. FIRST City Hall. . Opposite The strength of a nation, especially of a refaculties. Many other titles in this number, publican nation, is in the intelligent and well (vol) are deserving mention. Price only 15 ordered homes of the people. Sigourney. cents, or $1.50 a year. It is offered "on trial" six,moathe fefTmthis iHimber the- - first of the Ood take nacn'a hearty tleaires and willi in Send oh this stead of the deed, where they have not power 92d volume, for 50 cents. and amount to fulfill it, but lie never took the bare deed try it: Address Fowler & Wells instead oLtheUL " up a3 a primary cause ."the inattention of the young men' and announcing their determination to exclude from their society the male offenders, and fearing that if such plan were carried into .effect it might cause too great a; devotion to the historic black cat. and strong tea; therefore Rewired, That we, as representative voudk 1 , , ' ' - . ' I . woria-renowne- d -- . . Hr't Co-ojia- : ": 1 -- . -- It would be an unspeakable advantage, both to the public and private, if men would consider that great truth, tjiat no man 13 wise or eafe but he that is honest. Sir. W. Raleigh. Too much idleness, I have observedf fills tip a man's time much more completely, and - leaves him less his own master, than any sort of employment whatioever.j5wre. Of all injustice that is the greatest which goes under the name of law, and of all sorts of tyranny the forcing of the letter of the law, against the equity is the most insupportable. Sir. R. If Estrange. 1 I :: : If you make yourself up in a bundle of will bundles. If you are true to yourself, you will attract other true people and things. "True" means, "express yourself," it does not mean "disguise yourself," nor "suppress yourself." If you think a fashion 13 vulgar, let nothing induce you to follow.it; if you think a costume suitable, let nothing induce, you to abandon it. Being true in dress ii; bnewayof .;cpn-- ; falsities, --you HnlyauilherucH'"" race- - . Departed this life April, 17th, 1889, at Ordervilie, of dropsy Mary Blackburn the wife of Thomas Blackburn: and daughter of William and Elizabeth Wallace: she was bom in Holbach, Lincolnshire, England, March 15, 1821; was marned to Thomas Blackburn Nov. ii, 1847. She in to Australia was 1851; emigrated baptized with her hus band Dec. 10, 1855, at Makeland in Hunter river by A. P. Dowdle, and emigrated to Utah by way of San Francisco in 1868; moved to Long Valley 1871. She was aged 70 years, 1 month and 3 days, and was the mother of four children, of which three died i a their youth. She leaves a husband, one son, and three grandchildren to mourn her loss. She Was a dutiful wife, a loving mother, and an - affectionate grandmother,-ti-nd a good and faithful Latter-- " She was Saint. of the Relief Society and al" day a;member ' ways a friend to the poor. -. . - With all the pomp and glitter of royalty, the marriage of Franiieka Josepha Louise AugusU Marie Christina Helena, better known as th Holstein, and Priuce Albert Joseph Alex ander von Anhalt was solemnized at Windsor, England, Monday, July 6. The bride i3 a younger daughter of Prince. Christian and the Princess Heleof Shleswig-Holsteina, of England, daughter of Queen Victoria. She is 19 years of age and, contrary SAI,T LAKE CITY. OBITUARY. -- ' MEMORIAL AND RESOLUTIONS. Memorial of respect to the family of Mary Blackburn. Whereas, Our beloved Sister has been called away by. the hand of death, and therefore be it Resolved, That we the members of the Relief Society do deeply deplore the loss of an earnest worker , ; . " and 4rfrirad,"au husband and son, our heartfelt sympathy, and pray our Heavenly Father to let the comforting influence of his Holy Spirit rest upon them., in their hour of- - bitter " 'rial. The Leading Retail Casli House. .THOlffiA ta the AT TEAS DEL S Will bo found th latest styles and piodactlons in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOYES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES ZMtiijeigani.iuMOrtinenf of. DRT GOODS: -- Special department for Ladies Misses and In fant's Shoes. . 112, 114, 116, 118 : -- Ladies, East Tempi Sir H ANN Alt:JH 0 YT, SUSAN Amelia H EATON, Carroll, Sarah Robertson, Committee.1 n, We miss our Sister sadly, " And those orphan children dear TINNERS GAS, WATER & STEAM FITTERS for RUMSEys celebrated LIFT and FORC PTJMre. Pumps Repaired on abort notice. Orderi roa 43-Age- nt he oountry promptly responded to. IJLn Box 3S6, SALT till BUT. r 