WOMAN'S EXPONENT 13 C their herself of necessaries to wel- promote times depriving A few days since a lad desired a copy of fare. r- the Constitution of the United State, and she was appointed President of the Relief Soc'ety i83a In wrote to a Congressman for it But to the of the Lamanites, by Sister Eliza R. Snow, and ordained Officials it is not Sister Spencer being surprise of Congressman and by Pres. Peterson, of San Pete Co., Govern, the of the publications fjifnd among the first president placed over the Lamanite Society, did the at women ment. It would be well to have more for their promotion and advancement, than any other because a time, head of National affairs for sister in the Church; She was a much beloved and exsuch an oversight as this would then no more emplary wife, a kind and affectionate mother, dearly loved who knew her. occur than a woman would keep house withby parents, brothers, and sisters, and all . out a cook book. ., Through the Edmunds law she is one of our sister martyrs , TESTIMONY At the age of 45 her youngest, child was born and he husband sent to prison. After having lived with him 28 years, she was compelled to leave her family and home to go into exile among strangers, suffering much and passing through he has many severe trials. During the pastsix-year5-swhich suffered terribly with two cancers, were taken away by Dr Riggs, of Provo. .The last one was treated a little more than a year before her death. Sister Spencer and family removed to Lake Shore in QF MOTIIEU WALKER. Walker, Testimony and farewell of Mother com posed by her in her eighty fifth year. Written by her grandson, John Coomba.J : Thirtv-sev- f n years ago I obeyed the Gospel. The Spirit told me it was solemn truth.and withit instantly AVhrn l hcnil obeTed "" t t out delay 1 wen t do wn: into :t n e::w a ter in a miht have ray sins washed away. I have never yet doubted, and I feel to bis goodness praue the Lord 'every day for unto me,I Jove and fear my Heavenly Father, aid while I remain on the earth's ephere I and peaceful pray that I miaht remain calm until the time of departure come?. When my spirit has left this mortal clay, lay my body it may quietly down in mother earth, that remain in peace until the resurrection morn AugiSo, faithful it.--i-- T- where-h- " " Annie on - B. Ladies & Children, DRESS GOODS and and TRIMMINGS, BURIAL SUITS, MANUFACTURING, 123 E, 1st SOUTH .INSTITUTION. Orp.Clty IIalltSalt Lake i'Uj MiiS-finhfo- . mmimm nd-relatives lpf w y iiiWjjjy TO ALL Elmer. - 1 j , PRINCIPAL POINTS Dear Editor: promised you I would of write the bituary my dear friend. Sister Annie Becker, who departed this life Oct. 14th, 1890, aged 60 years, 4 months and 23 days. Sister Becker's maiden name was Annie Ashbrook, 6he was bora, May 1833, in Manchester, England. Her parents were George and Kate Ashbrook, Her health had been failing for some time and when she was called hence, to meet her Father in heaven, she was satisfied to go, for she had verily come home to live and die with the Saints of God in the valleys of the mountains hen she knew she was going, as the Zion of our God. we stood by her bedside she said these words, "1 shall soon pass through the valley of the shadow of death, but I am not afraid,'' May we all have the same assurance ' when we lay on our death be&u and after that she lay peacefully waiting for the message of death, that comes to all in time;I first became acquainted with her in Liverpool in 1852 It has been a long time since . I EAST, WEST, NORTH and SOUTH ajt-- . TICKET UNION OFFICE; Main Slrcct, Sail Lake City. S. IV. ECCLES, Genl. Pass. Agt. - that Heavenly Sabbath .,JayljndJhewill. sing songs of heavenly glory, and when ten thousand years are gone and ten IhoBsWa n more are passed, then eternity is but fnr U will fnrfiwr firul forever lastr If mortals would live uprightly through t!ii3 life which God has given them here, they would have no need to fear, for they would find "Sweet rest in Heaven, sweet rest in MERCANTILE ANNIE ASHBROOK BECKER. Then when the trumpet sounds, for it will Found both loud ami loDg, the righteous will come forth from the grave to meet in air, the Ileavculy throng. Angels will guide them to meet Christ and God Tbefcripture tells us' that we will be chang. ed in the twinkling of an eye And when the. blessed rcFiirrection day is past, the iightenns ia their celestial bodies will, praise the King cf Glory through .that long eternity. The Lord will have His taints before Him on-higli- of friends DRESS MAK1HG for VE who deeply mourn their loss. - ' -- FARCY ARTICLES, CO-OPERATI- and diedr as she had livedra-tru- e Leaving a husband, eighUhild-rcnrevcn'f4- cMMreiCa-ad-- DRESS GOODS, WOMAN'S n! Lattcr-day.Sain- t. -- j np, e Mrs. M. Isa1bIla nornePrest Mrs. Mattle Naisb! : " and Introduced her to the brethren in the office there. I could stay but a days as I had to return home to Birmingham; but in a few weeks afterwards I had the news of her conversion to the truih; she came to Utah with one of the hand-cacompanies in 1856. Brother F.D.Richard's wagon came along in which she rode, she married a few months afterwards Brother E. Cast, cabinet maker of the 13th Ward, where I believe you became acquainted with her; she left him through force of circumstances and lived for some time In the 8th Ward; and was there married' to her lately bereaved husband, byhom she had two children, a boy and a girl; the boy died when a few days old; the girl still lives to mourn the death of a fond, affectionate mother, and may she emulate her virtues, and be determined as she was to uphold the principles of truth. In 1863, like many - others, . Mr. and Mrs be-mi- Heaven." SALT LAKE CITY. rt Amen. OBITUARY. Death of Iilizabeth Walker, born at Bains Bridge, luh, 1802, Emigrated from Bradford Died Feb;. 2nd, 1891, aged 88 years 5 to Utah; IS6I. months and 17 days. She 4cept the conference bouse in Bradford, EglaxyioivaaLyeais. The Leading Retail Cash. House R.KTHOMAS IN MEMORIAM. , With much sadness we aanou ice the d iath of our dar-. t l t 1 r...-j- .t i.ir .. 1 daughter of Hyrusn and Luciaa. Elwcr,who died of dropsy, after a bnj ail paiafal illness, at Li'ts Shore, Utah Co., D.e. 14th, 1890. She waibornia Lee Co , Iowa July 3rd, iS 43. "C.Vrhe "wlth'her p area Is t s TJUW, S alt Co.; In the year 1852, moved to Payson. 1857. She was married at ths early aeof fifteen to Richard Spencer, who died within four weefcTifterttreir wedding day. Two years after her jouji husbaal's death, she wis married to John Spencer, Oct. 7th, iS$of by Pres. Young. la 1S77 her husband was called oa a mission to preside over the Thistle Valley Indians; although it wa a great trial to leive her hoiY, fnehJs and relatives, she went with Lira, and there perforated a great and noble work. Ibe Lie o! buter Jn-e- r a connection with her husband has beeT closely con aectel with the Indians since her "raarruje Sh; has been m jthcr, sister, friend and teacher Bri-ha- m to then. Teachiaj then household duties and all kinds of industries, giving them food, cloihing and shelter, many - could bless them and be blessed thereby. Peace to her ashes, may we be permitted to meet in the morning of the first resurrection to rejoice together, is ray prayer, trusting all is well; Accept my kind regards. " Your Sister in the Gospel, " Richmond, 1891. Betsy M. Brower. I i S I I If- f : I ' l 5 I I. SpeciaL to the Ladies. few months and then return home. Times were hard an' took to a trip England instead of returning here, but they not being satisfied, she (Mrs, Becker) soon sought the Latter-da- y Saints and identified herself with them again; they were living then in Brighton; our faithful Elders who were traveling without purse or scrip were ever welcome guests at her home; T have no doubt many remember her hospitalities with pleasure. Again she left her home in England for her home in "the mountains of Ephraim," and arrived here, thankful to God that He had permitted her to return safely. She was a faithful, kind friend, a warm defender of the principles of life and salvation, and though through her failing health she seldom could attend meetings she was ever ready to do what was required of her through the Relief Society in helping the poor and needy, and often called around her as best she coukLhetJUithful sisters,1 that-sh- e S ! AT TEASDEL'S and Will bo fonnd th-latfi- st stylsT In productions LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And an elegant a? sortmen f of ' DBY GOODS; Special department for Ladles Misses' and Infant's Hhoes. 112, IDJiJrXID 1H, 116, 118 East Temple Str JAME3 CO. TINNERS'; CAS.VATER & STEAM FITTERS RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFTand FOUvE PUMPS. Pomps IlepaIredo gbort notice. Orders is kj-Agent- for beocctry promptly responded to. Kttm UlfSS. Pa IZS. Ull till CH7. i 