WOMAN'S as a whole by the Sec. after which Jhey were taken up seriatum. Resolution ist. Resolved: That the National Council of Women' of the United States send a memorial to the clergymen-o- f the Methodist Episcopal Church, asking, inasmuch as 62 per cent of the membership of that denomination has already by formal ballot expressed a desire that women be admitted tojhe General Conference, that the clergy shall, in Taccordance with the will of the laity, grant the admission of women to that body, . At Miss Willard's suggestion, it was That the following be sent to he fourteen leading Methodist Journals: Resolved: "The National Council of Women, through its Executive Board, respectfully memorializes the the Clergy of the Methodist Episcopal Church,' asking that, inasmuch as 62 per cent of member-ship'o- f that denomination has already by formal ballot' expressed a desire that women be admitted to the General Conference, that shall, in accordance with the will of the laity, grant the admission of women to that body." Resolution 2nd, the-cler- gy , Resolved; That the National Council of Women ask that women be placed on the Sunday School Lesson Com- mittee.. - The Cor.. Sec. was elected to send a copy of or --- -. , Resolved: That the National Council of Women ask, that women be placed on aU committees appointed In the various churches, for the revision,! ih&.jcrseds The Cor. Sec. was directed to send ResoliK tion 3 to the official addressof the Secretary of each denojminaUpjci- - which, has appointedy or shall efb'rei8957appoint a Committee' on Revision of the Creed. It being known;to the Conference that, at the very time of the meeting, the General Assembly of the; Presbyterian Church was convened in Detroit for this purpose, the following telegram - was sent: .V .. r Indianapolis, May 30, 1891. To the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church Convened in Detroit, Michigan, (There is no record of this telegram in the public proceedings of the Assembly, but it was given to the Associated Press and aroused some comment in the papers.) ' Gentlemen: ' --- -- Presbyterian omenhaving aThld no voice in the revision of the creed, we respectfully asj that, in its ratification, they be now invited to v participate. , , By Order of the National Council of Women of the United StatesV Pres., May Wright Sewall. " Cor. Sec, Rachel Foster Avery. It was mentioned to theJSeceja ReforWeU" toward a revision of their creeds. Resolution 4th. moving -" ,. National Council of Women urge upon the National Reform Divorce League.the eminent fitness and consequent obligation of placing wbmen on its Board. ""Resolved; Resolution 5th. Resolved. That the National Council of Women shall present to the proper authorities a formal request that in all departments of fts service the Government shall pay its employees equal wages for equal work, and that both in engaging and promoting its employees, it shall consider efficiency and not sex, and thus set.a standard for the ' country. A Committee was appointed to carry out Resolution 5 by securing the presentation to Congress of a Bill containing such a provision, and to work for its passage every Congress until such a Bill shall become law. The Sec. was instructed to make it plain to each member ofjhfs Committee that whatever memorial it may issue to the Government authorities, such document must first be submitted for the signatures of the General Officers of the Council. . - Resoluticrrx6th. ZHZZ T . ; That inasmuch as the Columbian Exposition of 1893 will afford an exceptional opportunity for the convening the representatives of all countries, the officers of the National Council shall invite the officers o the International Council of Women, Milh'cent Gran Fawcett, President, to hold its first meeting in Chicago in the summer of 1893 Resolved; " this Resolution to Dr. Warren F.'-- Randolph; Newport, R. I., Sec. of the International Sunday School Lesson Committee, requesting him to lay it before the next Triennial Meeting of the International Sunday School Workers of the United States and Canada; also to Dr. John H. Vincent, Buffalo, N. Y.; also to H. Clay Trumbull,-Editof the Sunday School Tiraes.Philadelphia. Resolution ard. ' EXPONENT. TTfat the After some discussion, it was decided to appoint the following committee to appear before the National Reform Divorce League, to present Resolution 4 to that body and sustain it by argu::V ment. -- In connection with Resolution 6 the following formal resolution was passed by the Confeb rence:' " Resolved; Thai in the meeUngs of 1893, the National Council, in inviting the International Council of Women to assemble in Chicago, will assume the entertainment of all accerdited foreign delegates to the International Council of Women; Therefore, so far as it affects the women of this Resolved; - r : .,, ... in 1895 every State Council may send two fraternal delegates. In States where no State Council exists, City Councils may each send one fraternal delegate. No fraternal delegates shall be received at the National Council from states or cities in which no Councils have been arganized. Resolved; That a letter be sent out by the officers of this Council encouraging the formation of City Councils. A letter was read from the School of Industrial Art asking how it could secure admittance to the : Council. ........ . ... The Sec. was directed to state in reply, that no ocal associations can enter the Council, and to suggest the formation of a National- Federation of such schools. After a lo.ng.dicjussion.4the-prop0se- d mto" w hi n ch of the National Cou ci l,th e selection of was left with the retiring- Board of Officers, (two of them being present in person and a third by representation, and the opinion of the other two , being known.) . - - "LIGHT, MORE LIGHT" was determined upon. The selection of a design was left to Mrs. Avery. (Mrs. Avery and Mrs. Sewall, though in favor of this motto at the time, were not satisfied entirely because the vote was : - . The Cor. Sec. was authorized to proceed with the publication of the "Transactions of the National Council of Women.". " r' It was resolved that the President of each As sociation which had entered the Council should have sent her for distribution fifty copies of the Council Number of the Business Woman's ; more should request. then lasted from adjourned-having Themeeting 10 a.m. till 5:30 p.m. with an hour and a half re- - Joutnalarid . officers shall appoint a committee whose duty It shall be to- - report-withi- na yea suggestions for a business costume for women which shall meel-th- e demands of health, ccmfort. and 'gwdiasteF:rWr' -- j That at the National Council Officers.) country, only members of National Associations that have already entered the National Council can be accredited i delegates to that m acting. . , not unanimous, and resolved to hold further consultation on this subject with the retired Board of - Resolution 7th. ''Resolvel;That the general mittee to collect funds for a Woman's Temple to be erected at Glen Echo, and to report at next year's meeting. The following Resolution was passed : L r-.'- fifty" cessJfor. luncheon,- - . in oruer 10 see inai acuon oe iaen on resol- r. s report: ution 7, a committee was appointed to prepare a Symposium on Dress to be published under the CASSIA STAKE. auspices of the National Council of Women, in one of the popular magazines during the. coming year; . ' : Editor Exponent: . And it shall be the further duty of this Committee to report to the May 1892 Conference of the Executive Board of the Council, its idea of an every businese dress for women, accompanied, if possible by a model of the same. .:Jj'Z:Sl- - The Cor. Sec. w as directed to correspond with Marion Harland as to the cost of the block of stone or marble to be Council in the monument to be erected over the grave ef Mary, the mother of Washington. She was further authorized in the name of the Council to collect money for the same. -- once . pledged Miss WHlard; 15:00 ; MrsvBurlingame," $5.00; Mrs. Sewall, $10.00; Mrs. Avery, $10.00. : 'A letter, was read from J.hejfe "CBHsfialTAssociation declining to join the Council. A letter was also read fromjhe Officers of the National Chautauqua at Washington, D. C, at their coming meeting. The Sec. was instructed, to secure, if possible, a presentation at the meeting, of the work con- nected with the Council. The Sec. was also instructed to correspond with Mrs, Jennings as to the cost of a tent or of a permanent signboard bearing the name of the Council, to be placed on its lot at Glen Echo. .The President was authorized to form a com ;.; The Relief Society of Cassia Stake con atElba, June the 19th, vened in Conference .1691. There were present a full attendance of the Stake officers, representatives from all the wards except one. Stake President H. D. first Counselor and .. leading Haight, atao a large congregation. brethren; Minutes of two preceding conferences were read ; - also - statistical and financial reports " showing good work. n C.. Remarks from Prest. Louisa Haight were followed by favorable verbal reports from the various wards, showing how the majority of the members endeavored against many disadvantage tol keep up the spirit of their ' . -- " ' '. duties. . Counselors E. Tuttle and Ann Wilson each ii.l?seiikj;j9tQ ferenca inal forcihle an d in - - ' . ' struclive manner. During the afternoon session, Prest. H. D. Haight and Counselor Moroni Pickett spoke at 5omeilength-urx)n-the-sisters-dut- - and ie3 wherein the brethren could and should render " them assistance in their labors. : Remarks also by Sisters Priscilla Worthing-to- n and. Louisa Rea- d- touching upon the eleration of the young; dealing with traits " of ics. character, .... and other top self-educatio- n . ; ;) ;.. Prest. L. Haight extended to the brethren a standing invitation to attend the conferences : :,V-- f of ;the listers, t -v. w ;i , s . 