WOMAN'S EASTER-TIDE- . We give it back as hire their sacred place. 1 Roll on, oh, flight of time to coming years, Seraphic forms will chase away thy fears; Around the throne of fair elysiums shrine, Thou wilt be blessed, oh, Mormon soul divine. : Ella A. Gillan, a Gentile,, FAITH, HOPE AND CHARITY. This subject is most beautifuHyIustrated by the angel Moroni, or prophet as you may clibflse-tMjahim.-Moroni who bad charge of the .records and gave theni to the prophet Joseph Smith. And I believe j t to be the, same one whose words pledges their coming, Serene beyond trouble and toil, As tke lily upsprings in its freshness . From Jhe wannf throbbing heart f the soil And after all partings, reunion, And after all wanderings, home; Oh, here is the balm for our heartache. As up to our Easter we come ! Moroni says ,t ..' .. . THE MORMON. Roll h,irlf nh flio-hnf Hm'M nth Ar upik Gaze on the past through mist of blindiag tears; Dw'ell on the laws of ancient prophecy; y j for soul all eternity. Preparthy t Oh, Mormon.thy lot seems ever hard to bear, Thrust in the gloom o deep despair: Thy powers usurped and all the laws o'erthrown, Thou art environed, no sympathy is shown. Severed from tiesNiearer to thee than life, Torn from thy heani in bitterness and strife; And all thy years of labor and of gain Are swept away and auSby struggles vain. ' . yAUC-heart,- :, ' ',' still and patience all those years, Endowed with strength to overcome thy fears,) Thou would'st have gained the victory benign; Unbiased in thy thoughts and love divine. But here a change comes o'er thee like a pall, Thou art compelled to drink life's bitter gall, ' ' M. w. s Panaca is a prosperous, pretty little town, the peqpleMarJ:ed wU and the many - bright faces of the children makens feel quite in MormondomV yet there-i- s something lacking, that I consider a loss or disadvantage, they do not receivespiritual in- -. struction direct from the leaders of our faith as we have so often in Utah; the visit of an Apostle is almost unthought of as being realized. Were it possible, too, for the sister workers in the Relief Society or any of the L. D. S. women's organizations to come and see us that we might get personal advice from at the bead, it would build up, our infusetnew light, ideas and h6pes into the labors of the sisters here, and bury the feeling ofbein g n u m be red with" t h eel ighted 6ms. 7 Of H course there is a just cause for this remote spot not enjoying this privilege, and, perchance WOuld not be considered so seriously by those who had not so thoroughly sensed the benefit derived from counsel and encouragement with that love and power that those Unjesporisible I watch and wait anxiously for the coming of the paper,it being the main source of obtaining any information of the movements of my Utah sisters in the spiritual and heavenly v - co-labore- rs ad-ministe- t. . ; labors. E. A. C. Watson. Panaca, April 12, 1801. Rev. Anna II. Shaw, president of the W imo- uaugnsis,was given a reception last aaturaay at Indianapolis, by Mrs. May Wright Sewall and the other ladies of the Propylseum, the Woman's Club of that city. Miss Shaw is now filling engagements in Michigan. She will be - - FAR FROM HOME. This is a lovely Sabbath day, the elements are to so beautifully calm and pleasant,-seemi- ng addA sublimity to the day of days, when we . ; Got-thipek- erf iV-Frf- ' " lv. THE GENTILE. We gloat upon this wondrous growing town, We now rejoice w put the Mormons down; Tis not enough to take their homes away, Tnt ivt'tk vkur !:3u;a mnpl tHm ntrast a-co- -- :-:- When thou didst take possession of this land, "The souFdo The foe has wrought their evil power's design- 'How is it that ye can attain unto faith, save ye shall have hope? And what is it that y& shall hope for? Behold you, that ljayuutq shall hope, through the atonement of Christ ye and the .power of His resureetion.to be raised unto life eternal." "And this because of your aith in Him according to the promise; wherefore; if a man have faith, he must needs have hope." "And again I say unto you, he can not have faith and hope save he shall be meek amj lowly x heart; if so his faith and hope is vain; for none are acceptable before God, save the meek and lowly of heart, and confesses, by thepower of the Holy Ghost, that Jesus is the Christ, he . must needs have charity; for if he have hot charity he is nothing; wherefore he must needs have charity. "Charity sufiereth long, and is kind, and envieWh own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil, anH TeloTceth hot ih the truth; beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things; wherefore, my beloved brethren, if ye have not charity ye are nothing, for charity never faileth." "Wherefore cleave unto charity which the greatest gift of all, for all thing3 must fail; but charity is the pure love of Christ, and it endureth forever; and whoso is found possessed of, it at the last day," it. shall be well with ir'z them." .. :. ' Wherefore my beloved brethren pray unto the Father with all the energy t of, that ye may be filled with this love which he hath bestowed upon all who are, true followers of His Son Jesus Christ, that ye may become sons of God, that when He shall appear we shall be like liim;" is, that we. may have this hope,that we may be purified even as he is pure. Amen." Book of Mormon page 556, Sec. 7, begining at the 4th verse. k it seems that St. Paul and Moroni failseeto thil do, subject alike; which they would hot same the both being in the possession of spirit. . For fresh from the earth's quickened bosom Full baskets of flowers we bring, And scatter their satin-so- ft petals " To carpet a path for out King.. Margaret E. Sangster in Harper's Baxar. . e nope. So dawn in thy splendor of lilies, Thy fluttering violet breath, O jubilant morning of Easter, And thou did'st labor long and labor well, Or was thy"fce"ere known folraceHrMiel From early morn until the close of day; Still labored on to keep the wolf at bay." "if you have not faith in Christ are not fit to be numbered among the people of His church. And again, my beloved brethren I would speak unto you concerning then-y- la the tinkle of brooks through the pasture, TwH'MlTHaTrren'waste, avide expanse, With hostile foe to quell and chance thy fate. With naught to do but labor andto wait. 7 d the-acquaiutan- In the countless green blades of the meadow, The sheen of the daffodil's gold In the tremulous blue on the mountains. The opaline mist on the wold, - .. as - rr Thou triumph of life over death! PwiU-sayrhttweveryit'w- U Easter-tid- e The river's strong sweep to the sea, Are the signs of the day that is hasting In gladness to you and to me. . ' We have groped through the twilight of sorrow, Have tasted the Marah of tears; Put lo! in JLhe gray of the dawning Breaks the hope of our long silent years, And the loved and the lost we thought perished, Who vanished afar in the night, Will return in the beauty of spring-tim- e . To beam on our rapturous . sight.. but whenever my bauds and mental faculties cease to perform the labors of the week, instantly flees to dear, dear "Utah the queeu of the West," how I love her beautiful vales and my heart yearns for the blessed privileges and associations so oft enjoyed "in. the land of my choice." When a little girl I left the country of my birth with my father, he desiring to dwell in aland whero he could believe and live, in accordance, with his real convictions; now I'm a woman and have little girls of my own, we leave that haven of peace, and religious freedom, because we have so believed and lived. Ah, -- Time!, why these 'changes'! I only ask that I may have grace to Since my sacrifice and submit resignedly. last communication I have traveled northward oiie" hundred "aud"thirtyiniles and find quite in climate and surroundings generally. ' It is much cooler here now than where I have beenduring the wintry months, though the hearts-D- f those l havemade of. here are just as warm as though they dwelt in the sunny south. I have met with, those who were total strangers to ine,yet showed con- sideration and kindness far exceeding any an ticipation of mine;then top, ivhenpuej3lo cated in slight of telegraph and stage coachy the intervening distance between one and home does not seem so great. Most of the Church organizations, Y. M j and Y. L. Mutuals, Primary and R. S. are in active operation here, though conducted some what differently from any I know of in Utah; one good thing can be said of the Sabbath school,-itorder could rarely be surpassed. The: Primary meetings are not running at present on account of sickness of some of the officers; there are two very sad cases here, both being widows and their recovery is very doubtful, one of whom; is only about twenty years my-min- Ah, Gentile, restore to them' their houseoTGd, Its founder lying now beneath the sod; And of his chosen band I grieve to say, We have ensnared and found an easy prey, . And with thy 15o The Mormon Temple of the throne of grace, O, rare as the splendor of lilies, . . And sweet as the violet's breath, Comes the jubilant morningof Easter, A triumph of life over death; For fresh from the earth's quickened bosom Full baskets of flowers we bring. And scatter their satin-sof- t . petals a for To carpet path our King. Sweet EXPONENT. We take from them their church enshrined with care, Quiessence of the soul in solemn ;;prajre.r;::r2 keep holy this the Lord's" day. Perhaps s&Hmay-dce- w me.Tyr.efkrjmjndednr tsthea and festival of the New England W. S. A., iny.---.-- fe: - i 