WOMAN'S 164 people are glad to hear them.. Such women as the Rev. Anna Shaw, Rev. Amanda Deyo, Rev. -- with Olympia Brown, Isabella Davis and without the title of Reverend, speaking as they did at that Council of Women this year, and as they do elsewhere, will and must accomplish something for the uplifting of humanity.. Un doubtedly they have a mission and the spirit of it rests upon them. From time to time in our columns we expect to publish extracts from the speeches of these famous speakers, that our. readers may have the opportunity of knowing something of the work fn which they are engaged, and the success which is marking the march of woman's intellect in the Woman's Exponent. EMMELLE B. WELLS, . Editor. seml-raontbl- 1 - - Entered at the Tost XXast Matter. Salt Lake ha lt Lak Office b City. Utah. in Salt Ixike City, Utah, as - - . May Citv, i, i8t)i. WOMAN'S SPECIAL MISSION. .There are so many subjects of interest in the : present day and so much occuring from time to time that is worthy of attention and that calls out ideas that are original, and opinions that are new, that when one ittempts to write, or speak, so much of importance crowds into the mind of the individual, that it is difficult to decide" what "choicefib make, or in what line 6frdirection one : can do the most good. It is- the same or sirnilaj rto this when oneoesTo'n a jorofy 'aTdlespecially " when meeting many people, who are worth remembering, aad hearing themes and topics discussed, that create so much thought and open up fieldsas it.weret to traverseover. and. select-th-e best and choicest gems or tiny seeds scattered for those, who follow the lead or paths opened by those, who are as guides to the masses. It is :or who sew the seed always the that yields the harvest for the thousands and tens of thousands. To some; it seems to be given to do this very work, ana! ,,pf,.wU14Ujeiren .appre-- , """ dattoir'thenmiihitudrthris" beixefittedr" In the recent Council and Convention held by the leading, women in Washington, D. C. women of the brightest Intellect and superior education .gathered from the various parts of the United States and some from there was so much given tint furnished food -- for thought in those few days, and the women themselves made such an excellent study, that jodking back upon it and recalling the whole transaction with those who figured in it, one is lost in contemplation of themes and admiration forthe work and the workers, until it seems to become a perfect puzzle- - not only how - so much could be crowded into so short a space of UmeVbliri from the whole as best to use in giving a brief ' ' description of the affair. The writer is often asked, what was accomplished, by the coming together of these great bodies of women?" "What do you expect to : ' ad, other-countri- es, ; gatiHn tively the actual gain was something worth while ia the way of finding out how much women knew on certain subjects, how well "they- - liad informed themselves, and how magnificently they could im- -- part that knowledge to others; Certafntynne thing was very apparent, that women could teach publicly on the platform, not only common-plac- e matters, such as mothers teach at the fireside but also expound doctrine and principle, and even 1 h e JSc rip t u resand i hat tooiin a way to to uch the heart and the understanding, as few men trained in this very calling could do. Evidently superior women are becoming lights to the world, they ate co longer hid away , in a corner knitting or darning stockings', for both are done cow by machinery, but they stand up and proclaim great moral and spiritual truths, and the learned clergy generally. nineteenth century.-Th- e speaking are opposed to women preachers, and fear their influence. Why they should, seems utterly absurd; for men and women must rise to gether, one cannot do without the other of life itself would cease to be; therefore let woman as well as man do what. she can do best; wherever her influence is used for good to promote moral ity, virtue, and temperance, or to develop 'any of the higher qualities or gifts mental, moral or spiritual, in that sphere she should be allowed to labor. Men argue (and many women) that wo man's province 'is the home, allowing this to be true, how many thousands of women have no home,such women may have a distinctive mission who can tell? Men seldom find fault with wo men whe spend the greater part of their time in society, that many think is a blessin'g, woman s rnfluence ln trie ball room at dinner parties, ai places of amusement is elevating and purifying, yet that takes her from home, as much or often more than to be-- a public speaker or minister; but the real objection no doubt is that one inter feres with the calling and position of men, infringes upon their 'vantage ground and the other does not. J When the great Prophet of this dispensation of the nineteenth century turned the key of knowl edge for woman, it opened up a flood of light that jjpreadabroacLaad touched all womerx: who; were: susceptible of lighrfron of its divine radiance; and the awakening came; just as when the spirit of Elijah came to turn the hearts of the children to the fathers, to seek" after them etc., it reached thetf world, and the people began: to look up their records and histories and genealogies and publish books of families. So the Lord works in many directions and in marvelous ways, and women as well as men will have missions of great importance, and the Lord will help them if they seek wisdom from on high. In fact "one cannot help thinking the Savior himself set this glorious example of giving to wo man a divine mission, when he said to Mary and the other women who were wijth her, "Go tell ray brethren &c." There have been times in the history of the world as recorded in the Scriptures when the most impoftant questions have been cttec by a woman, (strange to state but never- -theless true) on one" occasion when, the high priests and scribes were commanded by the King to inquire of the Lol concerning a certain matter that was written in the book of the Law of the Lord, which was found when they were repairing tne House ot the Lord, and which thing troubled the King, these wise men high priests and scribes went to Huldah the prophetess, who dwelt in the college at Jerusalem, and she. actually gave them JKe word piiheJLord, .prohesled-to-hem- -j thitt would be considered hoidays7 aud yet who knows what may come to pass even in this day and age? It is very generally conceded that the Lord raises up great men from time totime,"and endows them with special gifts to perform a cer- - -- EDITORIAL NOTES. The sisters held regularly in the 14th Ward, will be postponed on account of President Harrison's visit from Satur day May 9th untU Saturday May 23rd. Zjna. D. H. Young, President of the Relief Society expects to kaVe the city early in this uiuutu ju a a f iju iu vaudua, hum nut ui uunuiv be absent abount two or perhaps three months. She has been in Logan for a few days attending to Temple work and visiting sisters meeting's and conferences, and speaks very highly of the condition of the associations in that vicinity. semi-month- "meeting, ly - - few-wo-le- Is it not reasonable when thejmanJs not without the woman nor the woman without the man in the Lord, must they not also be associate together in His work? The signs of the times signify the fact that woman's era has already dawned that henceforth her plane will be a higher one, that the curse placed upon her is gradually being removed and in the restoration, of all things that .is to come to pass, woman will have to do her part to bring about her own salvation, and out of of which she is possessed that great mother-lov- e she may do much towards the redemption of the human family. The - world is wide enoueh and there is work for all in the Master's Vineyard. and-othe- rs Jhablished la Salt Lake 'city, Utah Terms: No K ne copy one year, 51.00, one copy six months, 60 cts. reduction made for clubs. City pajcrs delivered by mail, ' xtra for postage one year, 25 cts. . ; Advertising rates: Each square, ton lines of nonpareil space, one time, 12.60; per month, 83.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. 25 So. South EiroNNT office,, .Temple Htreot,eond E., ot east News Deseret Ofllcc. raisiuess hour froip 10 a.m jate 5 to p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT,; - exponent; ' -w- hat-presumption the same way raise up women for special missions ? President Harrison and party to are-expect- ed arrive in Salt Lake City on the 9th of May and inereiore the day win oe ODservea as a general holiday in the city.VThe Sunday School . child ren are to welcome him with banners, badges, songs and flowers; Utah is famous for beautiful children and on this occasion there will be a grand opportunity to let the Chief Executive of the nation see how numerous the generation, growing up in Utah has already become; this is r r 'GUtJ Ul IUC a.- VI IUC people take special delight. rr 1 L!IJ, . e .1 TV ... : .;. I I CI ltUiy III t-..:- . TV ,) .1, ktw llfcfl 1UC - . - going taiavea about the time of the Quarterly Conference which will very probably be held on the 20th of June; it .is quite necessary that the preparations should be going on in the local associations, otherwise they would have very little time, and the officers .1 o uir inc oiaite organization or tne rrimary are very anxious that the Children's Fair for Salt Lake Stake shall be a decided success in the way or- ariicies reau auu oi uisuiav 1 o t rmpa infrenuuv skill. Pres. Ellen C. Clawson and her Counselors will do all in their power and hope to have the hearty of the officers and children in all the wards of this county.- Pres. - Claw- son also. wishes all the children of the Primary Associations near here to consider themselves invited to participateT in T the Ti Picnic in Liberty Park on the first day of Juite, which day has been designated as Children's Day in honor of President Brigham Young, and as a fitting tri- tu ttru-- tt tsTtucmor t nexfi 11 a r This rusfnrri will mob-- o lAef 5rr imnroccinn nrtn the minds of the little people, and it is a practise which will, we hope spread 'throughout all the Stakes of Zion. -- 1- - . - co-operati- on - -- onr en-of-x-w- y-ir- tiT-- -- ,Mrs. C. Louise Boyden will give a musical and dramatic entertainment in the Salt Lake theatre on Monday evening, May 25th, at which time she will give some of her finest recitations or readings; and her manner nf 'aHdr': Hr vnire and style are altogether pleasing and she displays in her acting, talents of a high order. Mrs. Boydeii has been laboring verv faithfnllv amnnc the child- 0 0 ren and young ladies,in this cityj for some months and has given public recitations for them in several wards, at different times, that have called loan ine commendation of those who have nau the privilege and pleasure of attending these re " . ' 