exponent; WOMAN'S 80 Woman's Exponent. Marilla Daniels a very dear friend of ours to whom we were" fondly attached 'long ago, away back in Nauvoo, At the Payson depot we were met by Mrs. Millie Starke,Pres. of the W. S. A. of Payson, who informed us that we would both be expected to, speak to the W. S. A. in the Y. M. M. L A. of the 'Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations opened SunEditor. EMMELISE Br WELLS, day May 31st, in the Tabernacle in this City; which was well filled in the morning and' crowded Published la Salt Lake City, Utah Terms: No zm copy on year, fl.OO, one copy six months, f0 m. n the afternoon and evening. The excellent singreduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, ing was a pleasing feature of the day and added eitra for postage one year, 25 cu. , much to the. impressive exercises. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil Discourses were delivered during the morning pace, one timd, fi.50; per month, S3.0Q. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. by Elder Charles W. ..Penrose and President ExroNKNT office,, No. 25 E., South Temple Streetsecond Angus M. Cannon, and an essay by Elder Willard gate east of Deseret News Office. Busmen hours from 10 a.m Young on the subject of Education, Some reto 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday ports concerning the work of the Associations Address all busings aramunications to were given by the respective superintendents and PUBLISHER WOMAN:S EXPONENT, Salt Lajck City Utah. Elder Milton H.Hardy gave a summary of his mission among the organizations in the twenty Entered at the 1st Office in Bait Lake City, UUfr;a$ Second (Jan Matter. stakes he had visited. During the morning Heber H. Gcddard rendered a solo, and the Glee Club pave the selection "Comrades in Arms." 1891. June . i, Salt Lake City, In the afternoon meeting Elder Benjaminufl, A of Prove delivered a lecture on BIRTHDAY OF BRIGHAM YOUNG. communication from Pres. Josr F. Smith to Pres. W. Woodruff was read by Elder June first is the anniversary ofthe birth of Brigham Young who was born in the year 1 801, Junies Wells, it contained the sentiments of and wbo was for many long years the President jhe.wjiter on thepresent of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Zion men of and their future prospects, and em. Saints, and a wise and judicious leader of the bodied many useful lessons. people when they were driven from their homes Pres. Wilford Woodruff occupied a short time and possessions. He has been designated by a in addressing the young men and, referred to the gifted writer (Kdvvard W. Tuliidge) as the Primary, the Sabbath Schools and the Mutual modern Moses, and certainly Jhe Lord Was with .improvement Associations as preparatory in him and inspired him in a miraculous manner in qualifying the rising generation for their lab6rs many times and places. This people have great in time and in eternity. Exhorted all to diligence reason to cherish his memory and leach the and faithfulness that were engaged in this work children of Zion to honor the man and the day and besought them to labor while the day lasts. "Honor to' whom honor is due" so say the Apostle HJ J. Grant made some timely remarks Scriptures and surely honor is due to this great upon the necessity of a testimony of the truth a n d good man. It is a beautiful custom to ob of the existence oFthe Creator and of Jesus the serve the day as a holiday for the little people, Savior of the world. that it may be more enectually impressed upon At the evening session Angus T. Wright of their minds, and the Associations of young men, Ogden gaye a lecture upon Tbe Corner Stone of who were organized by his direction for mutual Character," Integrity; which was very suggestive improvement have done well in choosing his nd Apostle Moses Thatcher delivered stirring birthday as a proper time to hold their annual address bn.the and Opportunities of the conference, an'd "especm Y. M. M. LA.H.e...exhorted.iheyoung.Tfliento-lab- o cultiyanof r. for ot he rs- - as well as to-- se e k to iro pro v e n feature. It is that Brigham Young themselves, to imitate the example of the Savior took special delight in the cultivation of musical in worKs, 10 ooxain a Knowledge of Uod and talent both vocal and instrumental and gave every of gooa His Son Jesus Christ whom to know is eternal encouragement possible in that direction even in life, urged the your.g men to follow the golden the days of'adyersity among the people.- - He was rule, "To do unto others as you would wish them richly, endowed in this; respecniimself, possessto do unto you;" to search out those that .were a musical a voice and mellow, correct ear for going astray, that were wanderers in ing by and for tune, harmony. and time; and delicate appreciabidden paths, and- seek to lead them back into tion of this talent and gift in others. In the safe ways, not to neglect opportunities of doinc have that and are to be good, cautioned the young men to choose been, grand Temples wisely erected, it will be an essential matter to have upon admonished them to subject, thefrpohtical hundreds and thousands oHharmorjious voices seek, wisdom - like unto. Solomon, to study civil - tuned to the praise of the Creator.asjvell as those government and the histoiies of nations; but first who can play upon instruments, in order, to give to make-Jesthe Rock of theirTalyation ; and" the most eloquent and glorious expression to the remember that true grateness was only to be human soul in its adoration of the Deity. ; achieved; through meekness. Reports from In all the higher attainments of excellence the several stakes were and much made, was said Latter-da- y Saints should strive to excel, and the about the evil influences now being broujrht'to youth of Zion born and reared here, have hissed :bearioirhe-y:x)nng-menr- of thisn:ity7aThe opportunities for cultivation, and it is expected oT work riht here necessity that they will surpass" the world in knowledge, The Conference to adjourned June isl and the becausetlieyareTeh choir sang the Motette "God of Israel," benedick the Gospel,to the Holy Spirit which leads into all tion by Elder B. H. Roberts. truth. But these things are not obtained without ' diligence and application. Brigham Young's teachings were all calculated" MEETING AND FAIR to inspire in the mit;d a tendency to advancement and progress in every department of life both On Thursday morning May 21st, in company and His in public private example regard to with Mrs. Jane $, Richards we started for Payson method, promptitude i and economy, is worthy of on an early train to attend the annual meeting imitation, and it would be well for the yOulh of and Fair to be held the Relief Society Vt that' by Zion to follow the course so often marked out by place; the green fields and blooming fruit trees him in his sermons and instructions to the people along the route were a pleasant picture and restand especially in referrence io home productions ful alike tojhe eyes and mind. At Provo we and home "manufactures, and seek to build up Utah Stake and her First Mrs A general conference . semi-iaonthl- ,: - Self-cultur- e. ad-diess- condition-of-the-young- . ? . . - - well-know- - ! . -- us home-missiona- ry - Counselor, ed evening. The carriage drove up to of Mr. and Mrs. Douglas who are widely known for their generous hospitality. The President of the Society Mrsl B. J. Simons and ojthers came with pleasant greetings and welcome, and we chatted until dinner was announced, .and an elaborate dinner it was.--At 2 p. m. we all repaired to the meeting housewhere quite a surprise awaited us in the exhibition of woman's handiworkSurelv the ladies of Payson Relief Societv are both ingenious and industrious. The meeting house is quite a large oncwith a very high pulpit or stand, and gallery around, the three sides very like the orthodox churches of New. England. The whole interior of the building was decorated as women do, paintwith, home needle work-sucing, embroidery etc. A committee of ladies had charge of the affair whose names we did not learn, but they had arranged every thing" very creditably and theeffectwas quite strikingwelLas-unexpecteIt is scarcely possible to mention all, but the fine tulips patch work, and rose chains and the exquisite piecing and quilting deserve at least a passing notice; some 'of these quilts 'we were told had been made by very old ladies. . Of course the painting and embroidery was done by younger women and girls, and here it may not be amiss to say, there are a great number of fine healthy looking young women and girls in Payson, as well as elderly ones; in fact that place is not behind other towns in Utah in this respect, though of course it is not in ood taste to make Comparisons on this subject. The silk work on exhibition was especially in teresting it being entirely a home production; a handsome shawl made fi om the silk raised there by one of the elderly sisters Grace Wignall is - handsome enough to grace the shoulders of any . iscertainlys.4esirable- - that silk should be pre articles of the home-raise- d s pared for Utah's exhibit in the VVorld's Fair. There was a miniature steamer on the stand made by one of the boys there, that was really a work of art, and drew out a great deal of admiration especially from Mrs. Jane S. Richards, who had not very long since seen a Steamer launched from San Francisco Bay out on the Pacific ocean-Sucwork, should have every possible encouragement, in order that the "young people may exce in these things and not lack appreciation. There were vases of lovely natural flowers in allavailable places and altogether the house was handsomely decorated. Mrs. B. J. Simons the President of the Society for twenty-thre- e years, presided at the meeting, ably assisted by her Counselors Agnes Douglas and Clarissa Moore. The minutes of the last annual meeting and reports were read, and President Simons made a few remarks and introduced Mrs. Richards, First Counselor to Mrs. Zina D.H. Young, who addressed the meeting upon subjects connected with the general- - work of the .Relief Society and gave much valuable nstruction. the-residenc- . h d. old-fashion- in-lilie- ed s, JadyJn-lhelandIt- h , - -i- . t;:v; :". - ; , .. The other speakers followed in a similar strain including Mrs. John, Mrs. Daniels and the writer, and Bishop Jos. Tanner occupied a few moments, expressed his good feeling and harmony with the Society and testified to the good x spirit? of the ; ' : meeting. Another surprise awaited the visitors in the vestry where tables were spread with all the luxuries of the season. Bishop Tanner at the head of the table and a few other brethren near him, but the tables were filled with members of the Relief Society, waited upon by young ladies mostly, though we noticed the committee who . . . : 