42 had beeir taught dancing; uniler a proficient housekeeper and the governess had both, asked nurse ihtid reto see her,, but, the master, and in this accomplishment she ex celled all the girls in that vicinity eveu as a fused them, teiHng them kindly sha needed 110 child. Her education in dancing, music and further help than from Miss Ililliard's own for they maid, and, they retired society, manners had not been neglected; al were full of uccu mm "niislrusted'sirme tuuuj:u ixiKjiukiy uu iuuuuauuu upon which to build character. Beautiful, curiosity as the groom had told them that fascinating, abounding in ideality, with all the morning that he was sure Miss Conway had "charms of budding womanhood, this tender brought "My Lady" home on horseback, for ' sensitive girl was left to grow up without any only one horse7 had been saddled, or taken proper balance to control her feelingsIfor her out, and he found him loose, with the saddle sh p p i u g - ofi 1 by the - old elinn carj th e r 0 n judgment, anuwunoui anyuoniesiic anecium-self-relia- nt crest-falle- 1 . . 1 A . 1 1 1 at lilial-lovertny-trtierlo- allas-a-gui- . . cr de entrnri(r"dhtrYa3ill-iii-a-foaiiiin- , in the Asylums where the children of the poor, aye, and sometimes of the rich grow up utterly alone m the world, so far as love is A Cousin Jane had only been a short time at . i t, i. i n iv urn n uri ii.ii n ji kt ;i i f: in i r great lack in Miss HilliardV life, and she siuuiuusiy sui auuuu wuriuug a rtxorm, uuu planning wisely and carefully to pave the way tor a change ia the young girl's life. Luckily 1 1 r-- Miss Jane Con way was Jhe niece of Sir w.h rd, . - . t-- 4ier self-possessio- - n, l.i. that tn .cumpujrir.mgAii at was w 1Ug 4 VWi,rauu.ae. not at aware he was yielding iittle by little, to this rather plain, unpretentious young woman, whom he had only thought to shelter for a time beneath his aristocratic roof. 1 when she woke from her restless, unrefreshing sleep, she was too wise for that, she saw how prostrate in body she was, as well as crushed in spirit, and she only treated her as if she were a little child, and sought to soothe her in every possible tender way. She was glad when the Dr. came in. with his cheery good morning, and asked in a fatherly way after his patient; glad too that he suspected nothing amiss, but 'only spoke of her having taken a heavy coldrand that" she"lvmrtd-b- e in a few days, with good nursing. During the, day cousin Jane noticed how very uneasy her cousin ivas, and that every time the door opened, or any one stirred outside how disturbed she seemed, and she guessed that she was in constant expectation, or, fear oK tha coming of tho daring young man, who had caused this misfortune, and irom whom her cousin Jane thought she had only been rescued by a special intcrpojitionQf jravidence Y hat her icehng3 were towards him, or in what way or by what means he had beguiled her unwary feet Miss Conway had no knowledge. Shewas fully aware7 however of-t-he weakness of Miss AnnaVcharacterand that she had never been taught any of the practical lessons of life, by which she had received definite instruction, illustrated by the true and ' noblq example of her sainted mother. Miss Ililliard did not once ask for her father nor toi any one, but lay moaning and tossing atrfftt ; " -- and just ready to drop with fatigue, and sure it 11 take him day3 to get .right again. "What'll ye tell the master," said the JJyou can't keep him from knowing about the horse any way?" "Leave that to me I knows my own business!" And away he went grumbling to himself, about "wimen folks al'ays a prying into other folks business." The days went by one after another, and there wa3 very little change in Miss Hilliard's ef)iT(1ition; her father had returned late one night, bringing a party of getTelneYTthraf and on his arrival had been told almost immediately of his daughter's illness by" the housekeeper. At first he was somewhat alarmed but became after hearing, from Dr. Bland, his own physician, that there was really1 noilauger, and that jt YQ.uldLiQliteunnwes2 sary to have a nurse as M133 Conway was fully competent, and most faithful" in .carrying out the Dr's. instructions. The only objection the father raised to this vas, "I wanted my niece to take charge of my guests, to sit at the table with us, and entertain them, she can relieve me greatly in these matters; I have always had to do all this myself, and Jane is neither yourfg nor pretty, so there is nothing to risk in her cae. She talks well, is well read, knows all about the laws and statutes of the country, is well versed in history, and can ride a horse as well as most gentlemen trained for the .chaiejJ. ji) pxau nLflf he &nd L,Ji k e to h aw her neai me, she always knows the right thing to say to people, and is .modest withal, and 'by T3 t d, Ld- - the da ughter of a favorite sister, who had however married a poor clergyman, but i i ne iorgave iner wnen sue uiea ana naa toe to invite her only daughter to come generosity to the Castle with him, after the funeral was over, adding, "I think my Anna will be glad of a woman in tho house, and it will be a re- . linf in mip." Once installed in the old mansion, which wa3 little more than a ruin, her presencewas felt by all in the establish men quiet her modest deportdignity' and ment at all times, and her cheerfulness, even though it was apparent she realized the loss of her mother, won all hearts. Ilerte..rr4,plt uncle unbent a Jutle whsn with her persuasive eloquence she. besought him to give them more 3 g , ' 7 RELIEF SOCIEi Y IN MEXICO. house-kcepc- r, and also by-way- s; .fsweat- : light upon the pathway of life. What is wealth or distinction of rank or empty, titles or even a Castle for a dwelling place without love? And yet many children are thus reared in luxuriant homes (if such they can be called) as well as in the hovels, tho n, the fountain of his heart was not stirred," though he saw her prostrated with physical suffering and yet she wa3all he had to bestow affection upon. The poor girl was longing for love, her nature required it, she would have repaid it a hundredfold, but no! no! it was7 not to be. The selfish, heartless father feasted his friends and rode after" the hounds, while his only child lay feeblo in body, and melancholy iu mind, without a father's tender care, and only inquired after from day to day th rough the servants. 1 ove i ve neer seen arF0TTiTirFiiK9ricr,-The Dr. listened attentively until he had finished and then in his cool, deliberate way, pol ite ly i nform ed hi m that h i s - daugh ter V recovery was of.racre consequence than the entertaining of his guests. Bir Edward winced a little under this sarcasm, but replied, "a hired nurse would do just a3 well and save my niece the fatigue of nightwatching." t4Ko hired nurse however competent would do as well 3 Miss Conway, because she loves her, and love is everything," was the. Dr's re .T. i- -i 1 -- , -- joinder. "You'll have your way I suppose in despite of me, Dr's. always do, so let ilia nfatter rest, I hope Anna will soon be out again!" Tn a day; orTwTDrT'HeirnBe' afJla to come down stairs, her constiution is a remarkably fine one, there is scarcely such a sir! in the kingdom, beautiful as a, in i ds urn"rn ernicrht's ' dream. "0, as to that, ?he is just like her. mother a sort of lily, dainty and, fair, but frail and weak, and yielding, that is my ideal for women we do not want them to be our masters," said Sir Edward, Dr. Bland retorted ''how abont COLONIA DUBLAR, cmilUAlIUA MEXICO. Editor Exponent: ' Thinking a few lines from this far : off land would b9 of interest to the readers of your valuable paper, I will endeavor to give you an' -- account of onr condition heir. Thi j ward was" organized on the 19th inst. by Apostle George Teasdale,who called a meeting on the following morning at 11 o'clock a. rn. for thd purpose of organizing a Relief Society. There were present of the Pries thoodApostl e George Bishop YinsIow Farr, Elders Willard Carroll and B. HrAI lred.Meeting was cal led to order by Bishop Winslow Farr, singing "Let Zion in her beauty rise, tc;" opening prayer by Elder Willard Carroll, singing " Where the voice of friendship's heard. Sec." then culled for an enrollment desired to become memwho sisters of all the bers of the Society, all the sisters presentgave their names, being thirty in number. Apostle Teasdale in connection with the Bishop and Elders present then proceeded to organize the Society; the officers are as follows: Ida I. Mortensen, President; Lydia IC Young and .Charlotte Garrall,,Couoekrs; Phebe h Secretary; Josepha Wright, Ass't. Secretary; Nancy Williams, Treasurer. We were blessed -- Teas-dale, ; Apostle-Teasdal- e ;AlI-r-et- -- l wiUi4hedWf had a goodly time. Meeting was adjourned until 3 o'clock p m. singing, and benediction Ida I. Mortensen. pronounced by-Presid- ent Three o'clock p. m., meeting wa3 resumed, Pres. Ida I. Mortensen presiding, singing, "Once more we come before our God, &c." Opening prayer by Coun. Lydia K. Young, singing "With joy we awn Thy servants Lord &c." The roll was called showing the presence of 29 members, minutes of the morning meeting read and approved. '1 wan - an expres- Apostle Teasdala-saision of the. eisters':that L may know" how.they . t- d feel." A goodlv .numheLfJhesistera arosa and expressed their desires to improve the opportunity now presentedthrough this organization, and that they had greatly felt the lack of the Re.ief Society, were grateful that the time had come that they were favored thus etc- - Apostle Teasdale then addressed the as sembly, spoke at some length giving the sisters good instructions, promising them in the name of Christ his Master that if they were Jlksxmwayh'eBrhesot-fra- il of 'theirllutie3". that 1F uur jieujmg, accoruing to your estimate of would not be long until they should have her, yet you admire her amazin-ly?- " "Just their own grain bins, and meeting houses,and as I would, a young man, or bov slid" pleases they should be blessed to overflowing; he exme. amnses me in fact, she is the most indp. horted, all to diligence, and invoked the blessof pendenLspecimen womanRk)d I have ever ings of God upon the" people of this Colony." actu; auu so me colloquy ended. Bishop Winslow.Farr also spoke very en Sir Edward did not show the least affection couragingly to the assembly. Meeting was for his child ren in her illness, when he then - adjourned until the first Thursday m visited; her to be sure he patted her on the August. Singing, "A Saint, and is the title I head JlTiH emnntlin.T i vvium ntr suiiiiDf nair mine, &c" Benediction by Bi?hop Winslow v remarking at the time "how verv like your Farr. :re was no depth of feeling, ' Ida I. Alleed, Sec' - . " ' -- . 