WOMAN'S EXPONENT. rnmDlete organic unity, independence, or methods of work, or be committed to any principle or method of any otfer society or to any utterance or act of the Council itself, beyond compliance y with the terms of this Constitution. Article ' hi. Officers. The officers shall be a President, at. Large, Corresponding Secretary, Recording Secretary, and Treasurer. Each president be of an auxiliary society-sha- ll president of the National Council, and the. President of the National Council 'shall be of the International Council. The five general officers," with the Vice-Predents, shall constitute an Executive Committee of which seven members shall make a quorum, to control and provide for the general interests "of Vice-Preside- nt ex-offido--sx . ex-offic- w Vice-Preside- nt si Article iv. . . of women, the nature of whose work is satisfactory to the Executive Committee, either as to its undoubtedly national character or national value, may become auxiliary to this Council by its own vote and by the payment of a sum amounting to half a cent yearly per member in addition to a payment of twenty-fiv- e dollars, into treasury of-t- he National Council not later than three months prior to its triennial meetings. '. Article v. . Meetings. - The National Council shall hold triennial meetings. The Committee of Arrangements shall be composed of the Executive . Committee and one -delegate chosen by each auxiliary society as its representative. Any society -- i vi. , , ... This Constitution may be altered or amended by a majority vote of the Council at any triennial meeting, printed notice there "to each member of the Executive Committee at least three months prior to such meeting. It wTll perhaps be remembered by the readers of the Exponent that the organizations of the : Relief Society, Mutual Improvement Associations and Primary were each represented at the International Council in 1888 and that it will be the proper thing to represent them again after three years growth and increase." The women of Utah should not be behind in any good work but march onward and keep pace with the spirit of the times standing side by side with the great ' enterprises that are being engaged in for the ad-- 1 vancement of all humanity. It is doubtful in the mind of the writer, if there is any organization of women that has aceomplishedso mucETn the various departments of woman's work, elevation, ' and higher cultivation as has the Relief Society, Thousands upon thousands of dojlars have been many ways it has been- - advantageous for the community as well as those directly engaged In the active work. Its basis is broad, deep and high; while its first efforts are for the relief of the poor, the sick and' unfortunate, it reaches out to all kinds of reforms, and the cultivation of the grandest powers of whlcli the human soul is ; capable. The Relief Society has.branches in many other Iands as well as the United States and Canada. In England, . f Scotland, Germany, Switzerland, Norway, Sweden and Denmark, also on the .Sandwich and Samoan Islands, in Australia and' ew Zealand, The organization is so perfect that those at a distance are in communication with the iB!TMJkard4a-thisit- r md to all matters whole Society. -- throb of pleasure which animated the heart of her who was an instrument in bringing iuto the world the Savior of mankind. There is none who can more deeply sympathize with that mother's broken heart who' was borne away fainting from the cross where hung her darling son; than mothers themselves. We are all moved by the pathetic story of our Savior's death. His was a blameless life sacrificed on the altar of love, but to that broken- hearted mother he was not the S a vi or of the liESQLimONS-OF-RESPECworld, he was the loving dutiful son, who in inResolutions of respect to Jeanie Mc'Lean who fancy slumbered on her breast. ;Those little feet she guided in their tottering steps. It wis his departed this life November 25th iSgoaged 73. voicewhose accents caused her heart to throb, Deceased was a native of Johnson near Glasgow ' when he first pronounced the magic word -- Scotland. Sister McLean was set apart bv Bishon A. "mother." And when she saw him grow strong in the grace of His Father who sent him, and Speirs July the icth 1880 as President of tbeJirlJ. "when slTTTeard the voice from heaven proclaim, "This is my beloved son in whom I am well and about the same time was appointed Treasurer pleased," how that mother's heart swelled with of the Relief Society of the ward, and Whereas she for many years past has been with pride, and when by the power of that spirit the multitude followed Him, He teaching them his Sister Elizabeth H. Paul administering and comFather's will, healing their sick, raising the dead, forting the sick and lamerto walkrthe blind to see, how Whereas she held these offices up to the time causing the must have thanked her Father for of her death we truly feel that we have lost a fervently she such a son. faithful worker in the Society Therefore be it The scene changed, as the poet said, "As all Resolved, that we esteem and appreciate her things human change," her joy was turned to fear past faithful labors, and devotion to duty, for for rumors reached her that cruel, men were which she has the worthy respect of us all; and son. knew She of what her that meant jealous desire to follow her noble examnle ' she "trembled for' his safety, she prayed for his Resolved that we present a"copjjv&opy of these protection but alas, it could not be, he had come Resolutions to her son, and publish the same in on wings of love and was willing to make the the Woman's Exponent, and place a copy on greatest sacrifice the world has ever known to our Record in the Relief Society and also in the save unborn millions. But was her grief less Primary Association. mortal? - ' Ida Speirs, Since the star that guided the humble rejoicing R. T. Ness, shepherd lads to see the Holy mother and son in Committee. that rude cnambsr in Bethlehem nearly 19 hundred years have passed, and millions have died In is only a just tribute to the memory of a most with the sacred word Jesus on their lips. Countexcellent woman and member of this Church, for less little children have murmured their morning the writer, who knew her well ...to place on record and " in His name. His merciful evening prayer a few items as a testimonial of her faithfulness and more" no have been the means of words "Go sin integrity. Sister Mc'Lean was a spiritual-minde- d the of turning back to path virtue" thousands that woman and wherever she went in, the society of would have been entirely lost. the" Saints she carried a'comfbrtihjnfluencei' How did mother's live before he came! Bendshe was well versed in the Bible, and was able ing over the dying forms of their little ones,whose on all the principles of to speak understanding tiny feet had never gone beyond the gates of the Gospel citing S cripture proofs in support home. How hard to watch the spark of life exthereof. Sister Mc'Lean had quite a remarkable pire and know those little lives theyhad guided with such tender care would enter the great presence, large and what might really be termed a magnificent figure. She was specially gifted in alone? Ah! none but those who have prayer and in public speaking though very modest passed through such scenes, fully appreciate the in manner on all occasions when called before the loving words of our Savior "Suffer little childpublic She had that genuine sympathy for the ren to come unto me and forbid them not for of such is the Kingdom of Heaven." When we' repoor, the unfortunate, and afflicted that always blesses while it administers physical or temporal flect, what would we do without His teachings? relief. What would the poor do without His promises? The children of the-- P ri mary A ss ociation in th e "IfislnottrangTtfiat the name Jesus as it falls tenth Ward will, have reason to remember their on our ear has a softening influence on the soul. It touches a cord in the human heart causing the President,who labored so faithfully and effectively in the interest of that organization for more than love to bubble up and overflow, to gladden the ten years; always at her post, with a smile on her lives of those around. JThe name jesujt teaches lacelimfa" te'K"dictfcrcron her lips. A " true wo us love, patience, endurance and good! will to man in those graces that best adorn womanhood, men. Latter-da" in Saint word a and Israel in mother a Vina. These .,nclu(!e what comes under the head of statistical and flnanciaTTnformationbut the mental moral and spiritual elevation and the knowledge acquired with many other noble deeds of devotion and the alleviation of suffering humanity are only recorded in the. archives of heaven and engraven on the hearts of those who have been partakers of these blessings. semi-annuall- y. re-Prt- .s ...... . - - that are for, the benefit of the Reports are received, and a -- ; Tr . . " " . Auxiliaries. Article General Report made 10 ' . ' . un-kno- wn v' y and in deed. MOTHER AND SON. Now the season advances, the season of the year! the season of bright smiles of mysterious to parcels; the season which brings the happiness the children's hearts, that no other time can bring. The season that fills more hearts .with love, and deed.-- than all of the prompts more to generous other seasons combined. The time when the father lays aside his cares and rejoices with his ; tmtronesrhenie-whe- n the-raothers- fond heart is overflowing with love for all the world. For she with her motherly feeling recalls every For the Exponent. TWILIGHT MU3INGS. It hour of twilight calm, soothing holy. The whole earth seems hushed" to a pleasant slumber, and a sad sweet smile lies is the upon nature's face. The gold and crimson cloud3 that but a moment ago spread across the westenr slrpiike a brilIranTljurtalin7have grown paler, softer and now" their delicate line3 whifP and deep mingjethileeey azure and they float over the dome of heaven like birds of exquisite plumage, or seraph forms earthy . s10 " 