78 EXPONENT, WOMAN'S time. But I want to say this: I should have let - The old objections to woman's suffrage are are free, our son3 will be born of free women all the temples go out of our hands; I should seldom heard There are few peoand we can expect greater statesmen, and in..whois will claim woman have gone to prison myself,andlet,e very other man ple so mentally nobler men with enfranchised, thinkinrr& ferior to man as to be incapable of using the mothers. go there, had not the God of heaven commanded -We doinot believe that all women are now ballot. me to do what I did do; and when the hour came The position that woman has taken in all sufficiently educated to vote intelligently. Few that I was commanded to do that, it was all clear men are. to me. I went before the Lord, and I wrote what kinds of labor, trades or professions ha3 We do believe if suffrage i3 granted to wothe Lord told me to write. I laid it before my proven, the absurdity of sucn; an objection, doctors and preachers man she will conscientiously strive tc know With women lawyer:?, brethren such strong men as Brother Geo. Q. taking high rank in their professions; with what she is doing, and on all moral questions Cannon, Brother Jos. F. Smith, and the Twelve woman at the head- in art, literature or she will be inclined to right that she will look Apostles. I mightjis well undertake to turn an science the fact of their mental strength has more to the character and record of the army with banners out of its course as to turn than to the party he represents. Indeed them out of a course that they" considered to" be beeuifcatiifactorily. demonstrated.- Jf they are it is said in Wyoming that a man dare not run weaker, the ballot has been as willright. These men agreed with me, and ten physically has not a clear record beingly bestowed upon the weakest man a ntv. upon for office there, if he t hou s an d Lat ter3 ay Sanjs also -r"r ' jig re ed wi th me. foreign-immi-grahind htn: every Why? Because they were moved upon by the who lands upon our shores can in a It is also said, women do not seem to ieek Spirit of God and by the revelations of Jesus short tiineJecome aa --American sovereign-b- y or desire office for themselves but they are ' Christ to do it. , , virtue of the ballot, regardless of his height, mighty particular whom" they put in office. I leave this with you, for you to contemplate weight or mental capacity, if he falls short of When our country has men with white souls and consider. The Lord is at work with us. He complete Miocy or lunacy. Sex only is the and clean hands in office then shall the muddy is doing things here that you do not comprehend. crime to debar them "fro hi franchise. stream of politics run clear. Make these m a ttejs a subject o f prayer. Do not Wc drjTiot expect thatTvom worryjpdo not feel bad about them, been found by the last eecsu3 that 89 percent vote right. In fact they have a right to make I rejoice that God has revealed to us the of them cm read and write while a'large promistakes," a few of them, wheu their brothers I in a I and live day rejoice generation Gospel. portion oT 'men cannot read the ballot they have been making them for ages. Carlysle when we have the Church of God on the earths cast, thus proving, - if intelligence- - was mad d says "Man's walk is a succession We have had prophets and apostles among us. the standard of qualification for franchise as if a woman stumbles occasionally even in They have worked here in the flesh and saved it should be, the lines wojld Nnot be drawn politics we cannot wonder. One thing i3 in and have died to the where they, now are. her favor When she slip3 she-i- s quite apt to gone many souls. They As to the old objection that it will take land upon her feet. .. spirit world. Joseph Smith holds the keys of this her to cares her As to hold the and them cause free "endless He to will trade and protection, tariff and neglect dispensation. and will her who enter free ho trade and tariff, we believe matter lead the family, no' 'thoughtful person may protection ages of eternity, with Miss Shaw in home protection, and if we " Church after him. The Lord has given us power tain such an idea. should get into the intricadeof-thesesunjec- ts "to come here a n d b u i Id temples. Weh ayen h ree ho4onger for'a-wojna- n temples erected in these mountains, and many of to go out and vote, than to go shopping, to we shall probably be as able to disentangle the dead have been redeemed in them, and they the circus or to au alternoon tea, and probably . them, as Sambo was when the franchise was some one can be found to take care of the baby given him; or as Mike, Fritz, Henrik Forvald will have a part in the first resurrection. Therewell other the as upon or An tone Jakamo, who ha ve only been here upon voting day as fore, we ought to be thankful to the Lord. We when hundred occasions and one a woman a year, or even a, Kain m the face, or Lrail want to continue in these temples.. We want home. from an hour in the mud out in South Dakota. spends them to be occupied -- by the Latter-da- y Saints. Women seem to have time, to attend any We want laws which protect our homes and We want our brethren and sisters to continue to society or club where their especial province make the same standard of morality for man go there and redeem the dead and bless the liv .is to get up supper's, or helpraise. money.&c., a3.WQmant.not.liketha:-ameiide, Wanzer infi--T- hxOTd'-ybttLord will- - take -and no one seems to object, not even the womake our daughters of full age and refamilies. He will take care of Zion,.and of this men themselves. sponsibility at 16, and our sons free from legal generation, and He will fulfill all that He has A very intelligent lady of Ashtabula, said to restraint until they are 21. . said. .. woman-suffragdavs sinee.--- "I- - beiieVe-iWe want to- feel the world was made " for ' Tliypd3leIOQU--- . AMlJSvnj. JTess, .you but I do not think womeir should women too, and that a woman bread-winne- r if you will hearken to His counsels. hold office. I think it would be a terrible for the samo labor can get as much for her 10 ' I want the Latter-da- y Saints to stop murmuring for a woman to be President of the United hours a3 man. thing and complaining at the 'providence of God. States." . We do not like to think of those poor ser Trust in God. Do your duty. Remember your - Well I have not worried about that ' I ine: women mJNew lork who are maKinsr yet. prayers. Get faith in the Lord, and take hold think it would be a terrible thing for a wo shirts at 6 cents a piece and furnishing their and build up Zion. All will be right. The Lord man to run for the Presidency, with the politiown thread. is going to visit His people, and He is going to cal parties in the condition they are at present. And we would like an opportunity to help cut His work short in righteousness, lest no flesh To be dragged in the filth, and mire oi politimen to cast off the shackles of political should be saved. I say to you, watch the sign8 cal intrigue and wire pulling during a cam"bossism,1 and aid them to make such restricof the times,and prepare yourselves for that which paign, and be obliged to toady to every tions shall put the right of franchise on an ' is to come. God bless you. Amen. distiller beer who controled brewer, educational basisAnd thenijvhennQQne whiskey ior a large" number ""of votes, I do think it would shall be enfranchised man or woman who is be a terrible thing. But I also think it i3 a not able to read the ballot he or she cast, our THE BALLOT AS A MEASURE OF terrible thing for; a. man, to run lor' office boys who must live 21 years before they can -a now-REFORM. days. I sympathize with Col. Mulberry vote will have a better chance to save our Sellers when he ask3 what he has ever done, nation from this element of anarchy- - and Concluded'.' that his friends should think stf meanly of him socialism, which is being poured in upon us And. he says why should the goddess of as to want him to stoop to be a congressman. from the prisons and Alms houses of the old No, we will not look so far ahead as that. world at the rate of half a million of voters Liberty be a woman and be placed upon the Capitol building at Wellington?" And we What we see ih.w, is the nation's eedofwo every five yeara. e. 'Oh-that poetic-fabla mau Itiouks sayr As for home protection and the need of it, tourifyqilicsyI6 lift, politics out of weil!" the control of King Alcohol, and when lifted the mothers realized this T when lessjthaii 20 Mare than one seventh of. all the breads and purified if thation should ever find that years ago goaded, on by mother love and the winners of the United States are women, and the fittest citizen for chief executive, in all agony ef seeing their loved ones filled by the n tbis great commonwealth,;. was' a woman we relentless we kno v how underpaid their labor destroyer-rumythey-paside the re-... ...... , "ali3is.:-- ' will try ttiid bear the infliction with becoming straints which prejudicehad imposed upon the,ir We are told that in New York City 200,000 womanly fortitude hoping that by that time, sex, and inaugurated the crusade against the women work at trades. the position will be elevated sufficiently to' saloons. It was the act of desparation, the upthese husbands. Of In meet the exigency of the case, and that woman 27,000 support their rising of the mother spirit which would sacrithe employment where' the lowest jwages. are iniaj not be degraded it The fice itself in defense of its dear ones. But the of the workers are women, history of England under Victoria and paid Elizaealoons are still with us. Our boys are beset while in those employ nu n ts where as high as beth's reign will prove woman's to fill ability by temptation upon every hand, and still our 20 dollars a week are paid only o per cent are a position of power. .government reaps the benefit of the dealers women. . -f in favor of Equal rights-o- iieenseTto ndest AnQtheivargunient arp "Thelndus trial disenthrajlmentof .women is the sexes h, that any thing which elevates 1,000,000 citizens in the United States of then one of the measures not yet fully educates or broadens the mind of the mothers suitable age, and elegible to the franchise ex' '.' of tl e race, must benefit the race. When we cept for the crime of sex who would protest now-a-day- s. ' . - con-dida- te - : - ' -- of-falls-a- - wo-manjro- nd m : caif bill-whic- d r' n ae-a-fow - e, - a-- is-o-nly . has-bee- ut : by-acce- 70-peFc- enr l.jL;s.,.:i (b-aine- d. pting, 