8 WOMAN'S EXPONENT RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Table cover from the 17th ward Primary aged 15 years.doll settee and chairs cut woodwork; Charles Madson 4th Ward, 13 years intended for the Logan Temple, embroidered Resolutions of respect to the memory of Sister Aramita old,small lounge made and upholstered; stone in "the four .corners. Louie Groesbeck 12, Ashton who departed this life Wednesday June ioth work carving of lettersby Eddie aged 11 and corner marguerites, Cathie .Dougall sunElias Ashton aged 10, lf)thWard,Ray Jacobs flowers, Geneva Ellerbeck, poppies;f Stella 1891. Wheras; Our Heavenly Father has in His infinite 17th ward lu years old, paper weignt ana Jacobs, fuchias, Alice Taylor 17th wrard, from our midst our beloved sister nenholdera cut from ciVar box and crilded very 10. years old darning, mending, marking, Aramita' Lawrence 'Ashton, and whereas : her faithful tasteful; hearth ruga and woolen patchwork tucking, in fact of all kinds of needle work, labors as a teacher in the Relief Society and Sabath by Ralph Grames 3rd Ward, aged 9 years, very good indeed. Ray Grant 13th ward, School, also the interest she manifested in the Ward afred handsome handkerchief case, made when Peoples Association, both by her presence, andYoung hnlatoarl fnprlnll Hon. J. Vnr 1 4 wise 13, a very "complete miniature pile driver by eleven years old. Edith Dinwoody 7th ward, counsel, make it fitting that we record our appreciation of Johnie Bowers 7th Ward, he also melted the aged 14,painting on China very well executed. her labors. lead ami shaped it. Brackets and scroll work, Ray Ch a mberlain 8 th wardj C year old, Therefore be it resolved; thaT we the officers and T? 1,1 members of the Lehi Relief Sobietyy" do mou rn 1ier 4vork very pretty-Bessi- e y auer wauucu mi pa er cu viu, iraiu, that we have lost a noble and benevolent sister Wiillfams Mill Creek, double harrow 12 years Frost 8 th ward, 13 years "old, apron, hand sewing, neatly done, crochet trimming her heart being always willing, and her hand ready to by Alma old, Fouestdale in miniature -Bullock of the lGth Ward, 10 years old was fine and even. Eva Sheets, .8th ward, 14 help the poor and comfort the sick and afflicted. Resolved; That 'we tender our heartfelt sympathy to the most attractive piece of work made by any years old a handsome bunch of aftfficial was periect m ap- roses. Minnie Uakey, tn ward, aged l z, 6 her bereaved husband and children, her aged mother, and ot the little boys.--Iher sisters in their great affliction. pearance though very small, streets laid out, owls on a thorny branch very natural attracted Resolved; That a copy of these resolutions be placed shade trees, houses exact even to the jign and a great deal of notice. J Bessie Binder 15th ward, 13 years old. a on the records of the Relief Society, and a copy be "sent" I advertising; the proportions were all good it to the bereaved family, the WTOIAN'S Exponent, and moila Irrjnrini11 v nf nn.sr.Ahnfi.rd and nuinfcprl wna child Vwh i ted res&j h a nd sew ing-, " " I l The Lehi Banner, l J iu imitation of Forestdale itself. It was quite all even and neat stitches. Clara Hanson 7 M. A. Standring, a novel idea. Lee Richards of the 20th ward old colored work: cream crochet scrim years Kate Alldred had a very handsome satin banner on exhibiand odd and crochet apron pretty, pillow very Sarah shams worked in birds and snnflowers crochet tion, ornamental painting and letterIn behalf of the Lehi Society. t ing, certainly very creditablv done and lace very deep, edged with colored floss to artistically finished off for a little boy. showing correspond with the embroidery, sofa pillow considerable talent in this direction. and head rest, embroidered with chenille and The work of ...the Jittle girls was in very arasine, in - moss roses and pansLes of penmanship, and dozens and great variety and it is impossible to more than few the most of to notice a scores of other thing3 too numerous to mention . give a passing Keeps ou Hand uoticaoie. une quite attractive nine xning Machine embroidery a swan in the- - water DRESS GOODS AND "TRIM MINGS, FANCY was a large bunch of paper snowballs hanging-pendanARTICLES AND NOTIONS; COOKS among the rushes' was quite pretty; this was so true to nature that several' of the 9 AND STATIONERY, EQUIold. There Lutie Ashton were by years POISE WAISTS, ETC. visitors thought that they were real, these only two essays notwithstanding the call made DresiS Making- in all its branches, ZTlillluery, latest were made by Chloe Hunter aged 9 years, IlatM and llonnets cleaned and retrimmed stylr-pthrough, the papers and the offer of a prize. . Feathers curled, etc. Stamping: done to order. But. water lilies in waxwork, Annie Gundson aged ..There were some very well executed painttons covered while you wait. Ilurial Suits a Specialty 12 Cumrmngs aged 12, had ings in oil by Kate V. Moris 15 years old,l 5th SOUTH STREET, several specimens of drawn needle work that ward. No. 123 E. FIRST The best was a copy of Conway Opposite City Hall. were very pretty and quite creditable for a Castle in North Wales; Scene in the Yellow 14 child. Sophia Youngberg, Draper, aged stone Park painted when she was only 13 had some very fine plain hand sewing, , work H"3 years old; Council Blufls a copy from one of B .. E 11 H H IIJ1 ...Bmi on ribbon dooe in a rasineverv handsome and " FredTierce's paiutiiigs taken when 'she wa3 fine work, Phronia Kelson Draper, aged 11 14. Two plaques-paintein flowers, one of .Winder handsome Uertrude aged Id, years, roses, leaves just falling, and one of poppies; r wisdom-remove- d h , iujd -- " tting-kindergart- zing loss,-reali- en -- ! t ' , w ith-23-tu- ck ' . , , . -- -- -se- veral-specimens -- . - t - , -- . e years,-Ardell- -- d A A .. ... ... .. . -- ot chenille, May Uilbert banjo and mandolin, silk work, covered pasteboard, tnere were vciy uuu iiuu i1Uii.o iuciwjr. Amwa Mill Creek, aged lO.babies bibs worked neatly, Edna Jackson paper platting very nice aged 7, Olive Gushing 11th ward, 7 years old woolen scarf crocheted. Louie Coulam 11th 1.1 TO yl Q u uiu uiu oiiuvniu naiu ciJf neat. jiuu home Sophia Youngberg aged 14, yarn' Youngberg 7 years old, Very fine darning. Fannie Coulam 1 1th ward 12 years, old .cut fitted and made a dress waist sewing' very good, button holes well made. Hannah Thatcher 9 years old, cut fitted and made in good style a. jdoll's dressPearl Carlisle, Mill Lreek.lo years old,Iarge,heavy tabiecover embroideted pnl:lelU Jn chemUet .arasine riberdine.very elaborate in design and quite elegant as a whole showing talent, patience, and neatness. Birdie Carlisle younger sister, a table scarf handsomely embroidered. Belle Weiler 4th ward, 13 years old a pretty apron made by hand trimmed with novelty lace and insertion done very neatly. Free hand drawing by Alice Clawson 14 years old, these copies and .. drawings showed considerable talent; cross stitching on gingham by little girls six and seven years old, horse shoe watch case, covered and filled in with silk filled and wound round with ribbon. Thi3 was a very attractive article and as it hung' attracted considerable attention. Laura Jones 16 th ward, large sofa cushion of silk, pieced pattern. Janette Pitt aged 9 years, carriage robe, made of woolen J pieces in form of rosettes raised and worked in colors, Ella Key ting 17 years old elegant silk banner, ornamental, delicately painted and mounted. i,frt,.l',l. ut log-cabi- n I elaborately. ln addition to these there were many other mines wen aeservinjr mention it our space would permit, besides cooking of an excellent quality and in great variety. ' The Fai r was a success in every respect and the children deserve great credit. E. B. W. 26;2S,30anH32East"fsrSf7uthSf.7 SALT I.AKE CITY. -- Mrs. Martha D. Xancoln, of Washington D. C., better knownas "Bessie Beech," began her literary work at sixteen, contributing to the Morning. Star cf Dover for several years. - Since then7heha beenrontributoV correspondent and reporter for many papers. -For several 1 years 'past'she has ' beenenaged on Central Figures in Science," a'1)6"ok now nearly finished. If she ever makes a collection of her "Beech Leaves'they will cover al-- " most every event of prominence in social life at thecapitaljor twenty years after the war. An effort will be made by influential women in New Y ork to send one of their number to sit in court whenever a woman is tried, in order to give her the protection that women so much need under such circumstances. An official who was consulted said, "But, ladies, you will hearTmuch that will ladies to hean" - After attending a trial, one of the ladies said to him, "We heard nothing unpleasant." "Oh," he said, "of course not when ladies are' present." If the presence of good women would purify, the of our atmosphere courts, it is a strong argument for having some motherly woman present whenever an unprotected girl is to be tried. be-unfitf- The Leading Retail G ash. H Otis e R.IC.THOMAS Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S and Will be found th latest styles in pioductions v-.- -. LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, . - RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES And an elegant assortmenf 0 X)E,1T O-OOD- S: Special department for Ladies'' Misses' and fant's Shoes. or In- Str U,liWWmALTemple TINNERS CAS.WATER & STE A M FITTERS 3Agent for RU JISEY'3 celebrated LIFT and FOKCfc PUMPS. Pumps Repaired en short notice." Orders ry be country promptly responded to. Sei 335. SILT LASS ZIU, - ; 