VOMANS EXPONENT nation is. UJf themeasure of the progress attained v liis. "OlIUU, HUU ft I 111 IIJC 1111.11 .and'women of Wyoming, therefore, who stand on the solid basis of political equality and full right of citizenship, irrespective cf sex, command the highest respect and gratitude of all civilized nations. ; "We believe also that the enfranchisement of the women of the State of Wyomingjs but a -t a L r it sicp to ice cuuaucnisement oiinewomen oi au other states and nations, and we therefore .oner .f. a I- - .'., our sincere homage' to that noble womanhood . . . . . . . e on wnose orow victory has placed the crown o1 electoral freedom and eaualitv. J i "Signed by the Central National Society for "Woman's Suffrage, the Woman's Franchise Leaeues.of Edinburgh. Glasgow. Bedford.Bride- Vot-t-tK nnrt I.pirstpr NnttinorHam 1 i " rirl ."" Bristol Woman's Temperance Association, the : v - -- - 1 'I rii rn a t inn a 1 A rhitntirm Pirir"-f7WtAf- ir the VVbman Councilor's Society, the Woman's Federal Association of Great Britain, and the Principal of Somerville Hall.Oxford." Mrs. Clara B. Colby whose work on the Wo man's Tribune ' helps somuch the cause of wo- Ml . article is already lengthy and at some future time dear Hannah T. King used to say "were excellent we may present to our readers, another galaxy of listeners ;"and Martha Greenhalgh was also there these great and gifted women of the age. as a Delegate and was a member of the Com- Mrs. Bertha Honore .Palmer, President of the :mittee on Resolutions. Utah made a good. showlady board of managers of the World's Fair, Is a ing, the membership entitling her to twenty votes very handsome and graceful woman. Her speech! the highest number from any state orjerritory,. was of course upon the subject that at present! The officers of the National American Sufirage her mind and occupies thoughts ; she made many! Association for the year arer; Elizabeth Cady. and .excejlent suggestions," added: "We urgently! Stanton, President; Susan B. Anthony, Vice . f ! It T Til l that each request organization- - presented a Committee of five of its most able wo--; Secretary; Jane H. Spofford, Treasurer; Rachel men, to consider the work we are trying to do for Foster' Avery, Corresponding Secretary; Lucy our sex at the Fair, and present to us at an early Executive - Committee ; Eliza Chairman date their suggestions and advice as to how we Stone, 4 A t ttlTa4 n 1Til1ari n n A f r A tl)Ui'n may best accomplish the great end we have in view, and to inform us in what manner th'eir asIN WASHINGTON. sociations will be able to with our board "in Its" work;- and "we ask" that the j T-- l ere-appoint I -- 1 1 co-ope- rate thdr-sjgg- M. A e "TortTvto our headquarters in Chicago, where they will be gladly received 'and most carefully side red and acted upon." tjJfJj REEN II A LG II . 'All quiet along the Potomac con' - - t.' d Yes, all is quiet, so far as the voice of war is concerned, but the clarion 'notes of Freedom's Goddess are heard on everv hand: not only are they ringing in the Capitol of loud-tdngue- "The board most cordially' and pressin gly tar vites this Council to hold its international .meet? America, but through the length and breadth of ing in Chicago at, the time of the Columbian rt hir an h pvprv nannn - rrnn inn r W w a a t Tap left out of this list of noted women, who were the Exposition, when it will place at the service of AAnfrHAff Mrs. the ladies, the assembly room in the Woman's greati lights in the Council and Convention. During the past Week, many of God's noblest ..... .' it" and should was not soas and daughters have united heart and voice prove large enough ousy every moment (as editors buildiog, voioy sne out succeeded in getting: time throughTour congress7auxiliary themagniflcent In an appeal for equal rights, hot only for woman generally are;, Auditorium can be secured for the International to prepare a paper, and read it on the last even but for humanity. No narrow-mindedistinctions Council j of Women." the of of creed or color, found a place upon,; their plattag Convention; the title was, "The Of the loomwhose she names ccme described the doll wife, etc., form. In the assembly hall, In the hotels, on the many women, Dpll's House;" and drew a very accurate picture of the situation ing up in the mind of the writer at this streets, in all public places, were the delegates and whose faces present themselves like and friends of this great movement fraternally of such a wife, and- - gave apt illustrations of her pi ctures ever pr e s e n t in memory, are a few we and heartily welcomed. At the executive man topic. She has: a happy, manner of presenting must name here be to of written sion all were kindly and courteously welcomed, hereafter; unique subjects, bhe is doing effective work for Elizabeth Yates, of Maine; Josephine .fJ." Henry! all women with her paper, and does not spare her Mrs.' Harrison received ! the delegates by of B. HelenT Ellen in P. the self Kentucky; Deitiick, MassV; least, but enters; heart and soul into special invitation, and Miss Willard gracefully ' B. the practical management of it as well as the Jenkins,"Michigan;" Julia iNelson, Minh;V presented each one by name. The mistress of .: Smith Emma De South editorial work. the White House, attended by some of the ladies Voe, ";' Dakota; Mrs. Isabella of her family, received each one with a kindly Beecher Dickinson, Chicago; Hooker McCuIlpugK represented Connecticut at the the Convention; she is one of Pittsburg; Mrs. Freeman, of Cincinnati ; Drf word, a genial smile, and gentle hand. ; President of the best known women of the country; she GilchristjOf Ohio, a most charming and attractive Harrispn was equally gracious y though . the im" Mrs . Kl womanT Mary Sey m said sh vlis llredo mense ;cumbers which attended his receptions to legislators, etc., she is certainly very witty and could not fail to have wearied him;, still, that Hood, of New York; Lucy E. Anthony, Anna Garlin Spencer, and scores besides. i cheerful, benignant face, showed no sign, and always creaTedrmrthfulness in the audience whenever she spoke, if it were but aword or two. o Onei however, whotmustjbe mentioned here on each one to whom he gave his hand received from ' account of her valuable work for all women, is him a 'welcoming word and pleasant smile: The The Washington Post in speaking of her said, ' Miss Mary F. Seymour, editor of the Businesf she had 'a beautiful face, and the noble inInhabitants of this beautiful 'city are hospitable Woman's Journal. She read a paper on the and courteous. I, as no doubt did many others, tellectual features that characterize the Beecher "Occupations of Women at Date," a topic with received , attentions, invitations and kindly family ;" and that she "bore a strong resemblance to the face of the preacher and scholar, so long which she seemed perfectly' familiar, and her courteous greetings that placed me at once at work .in? the field of labor she has chosen is a home, and I could hardly realize that this was my the pastor of Plymouth Church, Brooklyn." to the Capital of America. She is indeed a distinguished woman in appractical illustration in herself of what energy and first-visi- t .To describe Washington and its environs, in pearance; once seen never to be forgotten. She determination can accomplish,coupled with talent delivered quite a profound address (written) upon and executive ability. Her active work 'during the space I cain occupy in the Exfonent, would "Women in Politics and Jurisprudence." She the week of the Council and Convention was a be impossible! ..suffice JuMn ioj3th2tlJhL:,5ite on which It stands has been well chosen, for it is ucuneu pontics musr r oiiucs m a. large, sense,, positiVepfoof o ' i a splendid one. meaning the science of government, includes of undertaken. Then there were men who made speeches. on course jurisprudence, or the science of, law; but Its public buildings are massive and imposing, the woman of and two these will if kindred we we except the White House, which is too small consider subjects suffrage, treating separately, and altogether inadequate to the requirements of politics as a method of administration, that being topics,men whose names are as familiar as house-- the; head hold words in the ad vocacy-of- xof the Uernvnd enquire thejnore commQa-iis- e ,pf this great republic ; though I believe how party management will be effected by the Garrison, of Boston, facetiously spoken of it is In contemplation to enlarge Ijt. The? general participation of women in the use of the by the ladies as "the son of his father;", Senator buildings are so large and imposing, ballot. She gave .Webster's definition of juris-- . J.M. .Carey, ofWyoming, who received an ova that they oyershadow and partially eclipse the tion that- was seemingly very embarrassing, an smaller edifice. TTherecerion rooms; are much too small for elegant . and , very Jarge basket of i magnificent rights of men in a state or community necessary for the administration of justice." After elaborat- - flowers, which he scarcely knew what to do with ,he needs of this rapidly growing nation, and he ingnpon wis suoject iogicaiiy,Mrs. Hooker closed Senator Pickler, South Dakota; ad Rev. F,(Ai Tsooner. the contemplated , enlargement ' and im' l jJ T her paper by saying, "thus you see, friends, the . Hinckley,of Mass. ; provements are made, the better. " iThe XJtah Delegation must not be left mfi, for One ; feature ; which : has tended,lbmef 'hat: to only preparation , women really need for discharg conspicuous part of the affair, sadden us is the blactraperj upon; the puilic ing faithfully theirjduties of jytizenship, even4be- judicial, is a sense of responsibility,and that when Sarah M. Kimball, President of the Utah W. S. .offices. They; renrnd us that z gallant 'sailor the legal opportunity is offered to the women of the A., made a five minutes speech, which we intend a cobie i soldier, and a great .statesman :h'ave Whole country, I believe they will not allow thempublishing hereafter, and Emily S. Richards who passed away;, but the record of their chivalry .and read a valuable paper in a clear voice and graceful eloquence remains with us, and ; the nation is selves td be outdone by the women of Wyoming.'? m an n ert Tb e n Utah also hadas4elega tes e There were many ot herbeauti ful, talented, yea, comforted by the knowledge that it once poscharming uomenof whom it would be a pleasure Convention, Phebe Young Beattie and Electa sessed such men, while others will strive to emu- - 1. ... ... - ( j.... d mo,-me- nt, ' Dr-Franc-es t ! suffrage-Wm.-Llo- 5- yd sur-reundi- ng , - . - - ; ? ... . . they-formexijquite- ; -a , -- to-th- : ; BuUockwha-thogh---- worthy of the highest consideration, but this fsotavitjgaa-typpoTttnG- ft to speak, did their share of voting, and as our tatelhtif vaTof andlhei r vi rtu es,a n d "by sod o i n g in a measure supply their loss. iUi . 