WOMAN'S EXPONENl. fall of 1852, that winter she spent in this City, and 37 being well satisfied with the showing; made by the report. Pres. Home gave Notice of the first annual meeting of the s which .would be After singing and benediction by. Mrs. .Elizabeth Howard, several ladies came forward and had their names put down for more shares. . in the spring went to Pleasant Grove where she has mostly resided since1 She leaves threechid-ren- , Mrs.1 M. A. Winters, Mrs. B. W. Driggs, and Moron,i L. Pratt, and a host of relatives and friends, who will, miss her society, companionship and advice. Sister Mary. Ann Prattiwas quite a historic character and her reminiscences of the wai.de fl of ings and journeyings of the Church would-bgreat interest were they written up in detail, as they were often graphically related by herself, to stock-holder- , r" Gladys Woodmansee, Sec. e -- her children and acquaintances. WC. M. AND M. PACIFIC COAST WOMENSPRESS ASSOCIATION. . The members of the P. C. W. P. A. met again in Union Square Hall Aug. nth. When the Correspondents so ably took the lead, that it was unanimously declared one of the most successful " meetings ever held by the Association. The President Mrs. N. B. Eyster, very gracefully introduced the distinguished visitor of the occasion, Mrs. Sallie Joy White (Editorial. Staff of the Boston IIerald) who in ah agreeable and forrib!enTah the ladies for a short time on the subject Press Associations. When it leaked out that the Pacific Coast WomenVPress Association. was, the outgrowth of that of New England, of which'Mrs. White was the first President, much merriment was caused by that lady herself as the "mother" of those present; and her statement that she" was proud of her "children" met with vigorous applause. Mrs. Hannah L. Neal then read a poem " White Nuts;" followed by Mrs. S. P. D'Eyelyn who gave an admirable paper entitled "Practical thoughts on Correspondence," the gist of it being that subjects of general interest written in the smallest space are the most acceptable. Mrs. Leila Ellis next stepped forward and in a dra- matic manner related some of her experiences during "A recent visit to New York,", after which -- INSTITUTION. "Minutes of the first meeting of the share holders of the Woman's tauuic nm mauuiaciuring iHsuiution neiu in me 14th Ward Assembly rooms Aug. ic, i8qi. Meeting opened by singing and prayer. After chJP re s H orne.saidjhat s h e always - bel ie ved in asking the blessing of the Lord upon all of our undertkings-therefo- re the reason of opening this business meeting by prayer. Spoke of the "disadvantages under which' the Inst, had labored and the apparent Also manifested "by some of the stock-holde- rs. spoke of thejsplendid set of Avomen employed in the "Inst.,r and 'of the .good spirirwhich existed among them. , Spoke of the dullness of business all over the city, and of the cost of fitting up the 'store and getting started.sych things will not haveto be purchased regain but the means now re ceived will go into-- , the business'AIso spokeot" the .opposition than has been brought to bear .'. : against this movement." . g Secretary then read the report up to the condition oT the business.: PresM. I.Horne expressed her satisfaction with the reportrland hoped with the help and semi-annu- al non-intere- f-Women's st - I .No high mountains but onl a range of low hills far in the distance, encircle a very large valley. The days are hot but the nights as a rule are refreshingly cool. The soil is sandy, and so hot that it burns your feet through your shoes, but yet the children go barefoot; but I notice they do not stand still long at a time, they run to keep. their feet from burning. This is an unusually dry season, the rains have not started yet and vegetationis sadly in need of rain, as the river is very low and the" water for irrigation comes into town only once in four weeks. Those who have windmills are greatly blessed as they can keep their gardens watered during the dry season. Good water can be obtained at a depth of eight or ten feet so that Water being so near thesurface of the earth it is manage to make good butter in this hot weather, without cellars. Some of the sisters in Utah vmld"Wonder Tunv lt "coufd be done perhaps. It is an old adasre that "necessitv is the mother of invention," and so it is here. The sisters'hnd ways to keep articles cool. One way is to keep a vt Liuiu aiuuiiu lilt UUUC1 VI UlllK. UUU stand it in a draught, wetting the cloth often, you would be surprised to find how cool it keeps. All kinds of vegetables areraised here in abundance Now is the melon harvest; people invite their neighbors to feast on melons. I have attended two such feasts today and for once in my life had all I could eat. In a few years there will be plenty of all kinds of fruit as hundreds of fruit-tree- s niciu , have been set out. Strawberries, grapes and tomatoes do well. Meetings are well attended, even during uuiyip-ui- c iiicciiug uousc is crowded. Fast meetings are as well at tended as the Sabbath meetings and a good spirit prevails. The Relief Society. Younr Lhdi es. and Mrs. Lydiaresco nhre ITfrnaf are ail in good work, yrgJzations on "Should motive unerly the work of a Cor ing order and have well attended, interesting future and soon to be able to nav a. dividend. a Mrs. with loiiowea Matheson respondent" Mrs. M VV; Wilcox spoke in favor - of the Inst. unique sketch entitled "A Paper Without a Sub Wchad-- a lebfatTon on "Pioneer Day," which voL InterestolLlhraani fes an etedb tnefheersis -- was Kept mucn the same as it is Tcept in Utah. Solicited th patronage ot the sisersjynqnp.pe.d,. Hall as in a humorous and "graphic manneFshe The meetinghouse was tastefully-decoratewith thpv" would come forward and take more stock. described her sufferings when supplying, a weekly flowersand evergreens., A large Mexi- column fori a country Editor, who would take pictures, was urapeu over ine stand. It is red, MU " to say, but vould testify to the integrity, economy nothing on Politics, Climate rorTScenery, Lut whd white and green with a large eagle in the center, diligence and unselfishness of all the ladies who insisted on news-- pure and simple. Mrs. M. V. had anv thins:, to Mo with the Inst. She had Lewis, last but not least on the programme then standing on a cactus with a snake in its mouth. A programme of speeches, songs, heard a great many complaints but nevertheless t .read a recitations, on "The field for Correspondents in paper toasts ancTsentiments was rendered in a credit-:- " we 'are doing well, and .must not expect too much California, ; which proved her to be the happy able manner. In the afternoon races for -- read: Wells in .at-- -first. i Irs. C.iC. an prizes . r . Jf? possessor of a cultured and thoughtful mind. .."Business . . tmnA werp .run Miisinnf -i A,i from uuu the u Woman's article a anu ...fa umi teresting This talefited young lady is also a member of ayuii dance for the little folks. In s the evening there the New York Press Club, but has signified her was a journal, and urged the necessity ot where meeting everybody was expected to patronizing their own Institution. intention of remaining on this Coast for an in take part if called upon. Thev called it a "sup. definite period, which is a source .of congratula cotash" programme but it was the best feature of tion among her sister writers ; of.r iht VVest . . . the amusement. F. Spencer: m connection therewith. Mrs; Z. D; Hearty hanqlshakingn . XT ...A. i xue uiuciais irora Ascension were invited and ' . . . . . . kindly greeting, closed ea most .delightful meet ten of them accepted the invitation, among the factory "which had taught her a useful lesson. ing. number being the Administrator and the Presi-dentRegretted that it.riad been abandoned asVwe (or Mayor) it being their first visit to the should now be exporting silksTTeferred to the . The Adminisirato made a speech, Colony. LETTER FROM; MEXICO. granu aenieveraenis resuiung irom sraaulit'uegin-..iiin' lUTuugn an interpreter, and said they felt honored add gave- - encourgingwords to alFefligaged r by the invitation, that they had enjoyed themin this enterprise. Mrs. B. W. Smith called at- w.:. Colonia ; V Diaz, Mexico. ' selves and that tthey felt kindly towards the !n. (ntinn tf tho offrtrtc tVit Vriro Kaon VHirlia v MRS; E;B. WELLSj 1 Colony and that they would dp all that . the law duce us a a people to trade with our. own folks. My Dear Sister: m luc ii is hODed After days and weelis at thinking I would write xrusiea mat we wouia an oeumtea now m supand believed that their "visit will have a good port of this Inst. Why. should we not succeed in promisihg myself I woiildwrife to TheTVdrninistrator effect, is a jolly d a business enterprize as well as thewomen of the morrow, I now make an attempt to fulfill my man. blue eved with brnarl a '' fnrphciA '.' worlds vivwvHtU j promise to tell you something pf Mexico" though La Ascension can be described in a few words Mrs. Elabeth Stevenson expressed hex faith. my knowledge.of the country, is limited, living on ' in the Init.. Was nof-aextensivre stock-holde- r, the border ind not having travdedin the interior,-bu- t It is verily a mud town. The houses are Kniri but would.be could she ;follo w her inclinations ; I can tell yoti' a little about our little Colony, mud, or adobies i2Xi8inches, without rock for she had perfect confidence, in the officers and and La Ascension about four miles from here, foundation, flat roofs, with' a hole for a window thought the showing very g"ood. i)r. E. Sf Barney where the Custom house Officials live. From but no glass. There is no order about the way spoke encouragingly ; was encouraged by jthe reDeming, NeW Mexico to Diaz,about ninety miles, they build as regards blocks. In the business port. Spoke' in praise of. the different officers and as far as the eye can reach beyond is a level fpart of town the houses join each other, it reand expressed her desire to aid and promote the .country covered with mosquito brush with here minds me of the'old fort walls that we had in the the days of Indian wars in Utah in the long welfare of the Inst. Some other ladies spoke as and there a windmill to relieve the monotony. ago. . Aug.-istshowjn- ' -- . r , -- d - . ,s A stock-holder- -- .' ' - . U. : 1: - : . ee ' a 'c 1 gs f- - ay you-everyd- gray-haire- " 7 . -- . -- 