W0 WA fvJ 4- - N tffoAfc of lhe JPomeh of Zion, Vol. 10. " , . CONTENTS. And all sferaeIJream life, fairy .like, And Mm the bell s tone did strike deep The songs to silence, and they knew That signal was for parting, tool From Mv Journal Gladys. Good S. M. H. Faces in the Clouds- Cjyler. Diamond' vs. Charcoal. Caught by a .3clezrAm--VWr0- rg Auu, Lan I .ntertam- e Na t i o n' s D e ad Exr Women of the Nation, roll lies Mys 1 enous. Woman's Work in Archaeology Frauz Xaver Kraus. Notes and News. testimony of Mother -- Walker. iuiofW'Womtn - ... their footsteps turned awayTT-- As the sun throws his brightest ray a DayAugusta CrocTierdn. JrareweH" Hymn. Joyce Twilight What Woman Musings Helen M. Whitney. To Lucy D. Youn- ghas Done Hope. ' A momentVnore and all was still, And each one with a strong, brave will Turned to the duties of the place With softer step and tenderer face. THE RECORD OF A DAY. Once in a castle famed and old ith frowning towers brown and bold, A lovely lady's jewels lay Resplendent in the sunlight's ray, . And seeing them.a bird flew in, And knowing not of wrong or sin, She drew a necklace from the rest And bore it to her own dear nest. Not long ago, I listened to A story strarge yet sweet and true, . O, treasured more than ancient sword Will be the pris'ner's written word; Though traced in prison's sunless day, The gems of truth w ill shine a' way! And (another bird) did take The story for its beauty's sake; But now return it wreathed in rhyme ' "And ask his pardon for the crimer For conscience sake and loyalty To God and truth, with others, he riiad passed Jthroughpweary months and days Of prison life, yet still gave praise To Him who rules through storm and calm, And saves His own through every harm. I All honor to each tender heart That bore its share at home, aparf, , weak-mindednes- s ' tear-drop- ' . s and fare,..pri.,4?C.ktp..8ipg their wells to one of thtiy missionanes who was bound for the J )ark Continent." .When Ahs jdn gmgwas ..ov cr, th ere was such' ing of hands and such expresfions of "God bles3 you' "Dj you love Him?" etc., kissing and weeping and smiling altogether, irrespective of connection or creed ;tbat it was -quite interesting, and amusing to those who (like some of us) stood on one side and watched good-wishe- - . . And the stern woild looked coldly on; And blessings on each darling born To wear the wreath of shame and scorn. : i - ." When waiting at the pearly gates Each soul the voice divine awaits, And reads the name upon each one, Those Names the Patriarch Jacob's sons. So like each other passed the years . , Then some one called. A moment' more, He stood outside the prison door, " And there upon the great high wall, That cast its shadow over all, ." A heaven'y host (to them'lt seemed) " As7air as e'er in sleep was dreamed, - But real, living, with sweet voice To bid the pris'ners' hearts rejoice. And while they gazed the children sang Till all the cells in music rang; Sweet songs of love and home and cheer From those young lips, oh! doubly dear! For tenderest thoughts upstarted then ' : : Then shall their birthright honored be Passport to iMMORTALlTYl Then shall the prisoner's written page Count as Celestial heritage. O, men and brothers who have known The life behind those walls of stone, Smile and" rejoice o'er fahh unmoved; Smile and rejoice, thy test approved. " . -- Jan. i " ' the procedurerv But the time soon came for us to start. The great gong sounded to warn all those who had not engaged passage to departThe company was '.drawn up, out and the gang-wagiving us conclusive evidence that, 'The gallant ship was under weigh, to bear us out to sea." We had really been let loose -- from the land and could alreadjr feel the motion of the ship as it conveyed us out on the bosom of the deep dark ocean. We had purchased deck chairs from the man on the wharf, who sadly tormented us as we passed by him with our aud they had been luggage up Jkeang-way- , placed in a position where we might watch the -rapidly receding 4andr---- New York presents a grand find beautiful appearance from the harbor; the high and majestic buildings, the church spires and Governmental pinnacle towering far up towardsthe blus'skies, and inany were the reflections of my mind regarding the past history and future destiny of this great city. We were, however, soon disturbed in these thoughts by the sound rof the luncheon bell, which called uF To "receive comfort" from the saloon below. We hurriedly ate what wc required, which was not much, though there was set before us a tempting repast, and hastened to our place on deck, lest'we might miss seeing the Statue of Liberty, but it was-nyet. in sight, and not until the sun was sinking in tue western sky, did . we pass by the great goddess. This Statue of Liberty giving light to soon-thinne- d y -- 7 Augusta Joyce Crociieron. ' 24, 1891. " e Whjlehewh'0 : At length grew dull their hopes and fears, And patience turned with faith's contejxt To lessons that its pages lent. . 1 When years have come and passed away, And lie who wrote that page is gray, His children oft will gather near That journal's stories sfill to hear77' And little ones will sweetly say; Did they keep dear Grandpa that way?" And tender eyes will fill with tears Hearing the record of these years. ' , g With eager hands and tcaf dimmed eyes They caught them up as precious prize, And ne'er wasjurer4token pressed Unto a brave man's throbbing breast. , "of about to leave the land behind, and then we will ece if you arc so strongminded.""I"wa3 congratulating myself on my power of keen--inmy feelings hidden, wbeiia crowd of people who had gathered upon deck, and whom I had supposed wero passengers like ourselves, started to fiing. a parting Jixmu, the title of which 1 believe was, "Tilt we meet," and the last line of the chorus was, "God be with you till we meet again." The tune wa3 admirably adapted to the words, and the lingers all had good voices, supplying the lour melodies which" form harmony. In fact the whole was so much in harmony with my thoughts and feelings, that I could not withstand its melting influence, but was forced to give way before this flood of sweet, yet Eolernnjound, I wept-- -I wept There was however one source of "consolation.- lefL-min -- ray there were many around mc to whom the soft and penetrating1 sounds of music had touched in like manner, and many were seen with the s big running down their cheeks," shone through like, the sun smiles while the Wo in the midst of an April shower. learned that this company of singers were members of the Baptist church, who had come - parting -- Josephine Spencer. sorrow or. that of .gladness. . How- ever, I was resolved not to let my feelings bo guessed by those about me, as'they had rather joked me all the way, about not being home- ' Kick," and had safJ: "Just wait until we are r 4- No. 17. feeling Blosso.nS of every scnt and hue Upon the trampled dust below Jewels upon the breast of woe. M. Y. K. Poetry: The -- Record - of Hut-e'e- Before he vanishes aijnight, A lovely farewell met their sight! ICach gentle hand in threw of Washington ...EniTORlAltirA..l.GIimpse M. Sarah Notice Kimball. Lucy Decker Young LEAVES FK03I MY JOURNAL, -- .AVltblnJhe-heartsof-4hese'-true'-rae- n; I shall never forget the brief space of time And even those whose souls where not Without sin's dark unfading spot, In memory of desperate wrong, Were touched, and wept at that pure song. Soon as their voices hushed again Responsive tones rose from the Pen; The prisoners answered joyously, As greatful hearts that day could be: "Home Sweet Home'Land songs'of love, And joyous waltzes rose above The prison walls to that free space Where shone each pure and lovely face, ; of all Jfations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 1, 1891. .. Leaves Company antiht Qh never happier weretHiose'lmen"'"7'. Since first they entered .that dark Ten, Than answering the sweet'benison Brought by each dear and loving one.- Again the little singers raised ; between setting foot on the steamer and leaving the harbor. ; The conflicting emotions of joy and gadBegs'which filled my heart, caused a peculiar sensation not frequently experienced. Here was I about to realize the dream of my life, and my pleasure at the' thought, can better be imagined than described; yet at the same time, I was separating myself by thousands of miles of th3 "mighty ocean, from the land of my nativity and all the world held near and dear. Of ' course I -- thoroughly exto pected and believed that I should return the loved ones- for? h ad no t 1 received a bl essF ieg under the hands of the apostle of the Lord, stating that such should be my pleasure? But nevehhelslhese""ciyn tradictory thoughts and feelings seemed to have possession of me and II - r xQuidljiQtdic ot , 