18 delegates at large, and every such officer shall be entitled to one vote in all the business meetings of the Association. BY-LA- III. W -- CREDENTIALS. All Ac n rrti f no specified in Section 4 of By-La- w i II.) must credentials properly signed by the present T ci i f iL,.1 i' .i r ,!J.i anai me irrc'Biueni iecoruing oecreiary vi iue organization represented. Membership cards properly signed by the treasurer oi the tion shall serve as credentials for the members of that body who are not delegates from other Domes. Sec 3. all Lmember3i)f-committees-ofth- IV. BY-LA- ; The Executive Committee of the National- American Woman Suffrage Association shall hold one session preceding the opening of each annual convention in Washington.and another se33ion after the conclusitfriof such convention: and the Committees having in charge the ar- ragementaJorthe.annual convention shallah ways take cognizance of such meetings of the Executive Committee and make provision for . them. v. w by-la- The decisions reached by the Executive Committee shall be presented in the form of recommendations at the business sessions of , the convention. by-la- yi. w - ... . VII.' The Committee on Resolutions shall consist of one Derson from each SratA and Tprritnrv. elected by the delegation from the organization represented,. :' BY-LA- I VIII. W - n Every delegate shall be entitled to one vote on all questions, but only on the election of J. V i .111the delegates oincers snail be entitled to cast ine mil vote to which the organizations represented by them are entitled. BY-LA- eir 4 nd this-offic- f 'nmm iHnv ..ok. U A fV. "T :'!""" mittees; a Committee on Petitions.a Committee on Programme, to consist of. five persons,, one irom each section 01 the country, and of which iue. rresiaent shall be chairman, to arrange the programme for the next annual meeting and a Congressional Committee, to have in charge the direct Congressional work during the year which shall intervene between k the time of its appointment and the next annual uuuvenuon in wasnington. BY-LA- IX. W The report of the Treasurer up to the first of JanuarV nrPHniruT onhhol ... flin vuv 1114 r uui VUUCUUUU j shall be read at the firusiness session of that- newly-electe- - d- By-la- ' -;- r BY-LA- ..V-.'' X. W Ihe General Officers named in OEO. 1. Art. IV., Sec, of the Constitution,, viz.: the rresiden t, V and Corresponding Secretaries, Treasurer, Chairman of Executive Committee and two Auditors, with the National Lecturer, shall constitute a Business Committee to provide for .l Hi n n a A ns Buu Lituerai interests at trm workwuuui iub in the interim of the annual meetings in Wash ington, V. U, and to perform all other busi ness not otherwise thesefour shall constitute a assigaedrOf when assembled quotum after-du- e notice, or a - majority" may: act by correspondence in response to a circular letter addressed to every member of the Business vvmmnnu uvit W3 luau uaya uerorenanu hv ' the President. Sec. 2. The President may call special meetings of the Business- Committee when J " - . '.w "i '"" . V- - ; - National-America- n .J r- , d The glorified spirit of the infant is as a star to guide the mother to its o wnVblissful -- climft ;J; Sigourney. Those men who d est mv a 111 nAnsdK' tion ot body by intemperance and an irregular lire do as manifestly kill th . wo 0,0 liiurtj j who hang, or poison, or drown themselves. ' . - - , htht Sherlock, ', ' " zz"r.r Editor Woman's Exponent. On Sunday, June 14th, 1891, the funeral pervices of Sister Jane Sabine Avere held in the meeting ; house of the 20th Ward, Several of the brethren who City. Sabine from had been acquainted herearly youth, testified"'tO'itheoodness" and purity of her heart "and her life. She wae the daughter of Stephen and Maria Holder and was bdrn at Colerh near Box. Wiltshire, England, November 6th, 1825. She was married Oct. 9th, 1853r to James Sabine. On the 6th of April, 1857, she was baptized into the Church cf Jesus Christ of " ' Salt-Lak- , e with-Sister i Chippenham, in Wiltshire. Emigrated to Utah in 1868, arriving in Salt Lake City, Sept. 2nd., She and her husband made their home Jn the 20th Ward, where she resided until her death, which took place at 2 191. o'olock p.m. June 11, Sister JauejSabine wa3 one of the many diligent and faithful workers in the Relief Society whose labors of love will never be forgotten by the poor and sorrowing, who are relieved and comforted by acts of kindness from For generous hearts and willing hands. Sister Sabine ministered as teachmany years, er of a district, in that branch of the Relief Society with which she was connected; and even after being chosen to President Jane xMiller, she still retained the position of teacher, and faithfully performed its duties. Only one week previous to the day of her death, sHe attended theFast meeting and Relief Society meeting, and in arranging and carrying means of relief to the aged and" poor of the ward, Second-Counsel- or - as-sist- ed "Two'daysiater7WaJ attacked with pnuemonia, which terminated fatally in six days. The companionship and able assistance of Sister Sabine, 'will be greatly missed among her friends and associates; but to the bereaved husband and children (a son and a daughter,) and several young her loss cannot be estimated. know in whom to put- - their trust, But they and from whence to seek consolation. ly grand-childre- n, Bless'd children of our God, Who, passing 'neath the rod, Can. still look up and say "Thy will be done!'' And finding sure relief From lonehness and grief, h Bow down and praise the Father and the Son.- - - . ' . r - w -- 1 and perfect rest, Which corneth to the blest, Who have their earthly missions nobly filled; The spirit freed from strife. Springs forth in higher life; The feeble mortal pulse alone is stilled. Oh! sweet The perform all duties of the President in case of the President s absence or disability. Sec. 4. .. The Recording Secretary shall at tend all .business meetings of the Association, of the Executive Committee and of the Busi ness Committee, and the Executive Sessions, and shall keep a correct record of their proceedings, and shall give due notice of meetings of the Executive Committee, and shall apprise appointmentr arid at the hist Executive Session of each. annual convention shall read in their order, for action by said meeting, the minutes of all meetings of Business and Executive Com-- : mittees since the last annual meeting, and shall also read the report of the. Business Committee; and shall also perform all other duties usuallypertaining to such office. Tsec. 5. The Corresponding Secretary shall conduct all correspondence of the organization, and perform all duties usual to such office; and shall aho send to the Secretary of each auxiliary Association notice to prepare a report of work done by said auxiliary, blanks for credentials of delegates to the annual meeting to whom said auxiliary is entitled, and a notice of the necessity that said auxiliary shall send dues and list of names and addresses of mem bers to the Treasurer of the National-AmericaWoman Suffrage Association. Sec. 6. The Treasurer shall keep accurate accounts of all receipts and disbursements of money, and - shall present a detailed report thereof to each annual meeting, to be after ward published, and shall pay no bill except on an order signed by the acting President and Recording becretary, and at the annual meeting shall give to the chairman of the Com mittee on Credentials the whole number of -delegates to"whreh"eab titrxiltarr is s'entitlcd,, according to the number of members and amoun t of . du es ; paioU-afornix a! L shall-p- er ' e; other ..duties .usual ly pertai n ing - to gec. 7. The Chairman of the Executive Committee shall preside at all meetings of the Executive Committee, and shall perform all other duties usually pertaining to such office. Sec. 8. The Auditors shall examine and verify the books of the Treasurer,and shall give a report thereof at each annual meeting. Sec. 9. The General Officers of this Association shall be elected on the last day but one of the annual meeting. .. Sec 10. The term of ihe General Officers shall expire at the end of the last session of the (annual) convention proper, and the term of the officers shall commence with the session of the Executive jDommittee helcl after the : conclusion " of the convention IV. provided for by ' Sec 11. The Business Committee shall fill any vacancy that may occur in itself during the interim of annual meetings. S ec 12 1. In xase of - the-- absence "fronr rti ft" annual convention of the W. S. A. of a State President or State Mem ber of the Executive Committee.the delegation from that State may elect a proxv to renresht f il . .xneaogenteen-the-.xecntiY6Boardurin 3 the convention. - O IN ME MORI AM. deemed necessary, or in response to the written request of any three members of the Business Committee; and shall perform all other duties usual to such office. 'officio r EXPONENT. WOMAN'S EIGHTY YEARS OLD. Harriet Beecher Stowe was..." eighty the of 14th ?ar8rdriur June, being T Sirs; one year older than her biographers have stated. The Hartford Times is authority for the statement that Mrs Stowe is physically well, but her mind is rlnuded and her mem ory impaifedT She however remembers perfectly the old hymns and music with which she is" familiar and it is her habit to walk over every day to her sister's (Mrs. Hooker), a quarter of a mile distant, and, sing hymns with her. She 13 very happy and Vher life, in these, her last years, like splendid summer turning into autumn, may be : said to have reached its late October time, but it is still the sunny October afternoon, even if the sunVlight be somewhat curtained by the gathering autumn haze; and it lapses away in calm and peace." " , ir ' 