WOMAN'S EXPONENT. of children. honor and obey; we think love will come spontaneous if there is any in them. We think its the duty of a mother in Israel to look after the spiritual as well as the temporal development of her children and to impress upon their youthful minds the importance and 'virtue of Gospel truths as well as their other duties. We think the most satisfactory way of training them is, as soon as they can under- stand." to teach them the law ot uou ana nature, and the punishment for breaking those no-mo- wiid-woodla- nd an-boySr-I- -lh- - , re s, m. a.courqfjnde What kind of homes are those where there are no smiles of welcome, or encouragement. homes of this kicd - Mftjf be habit ationOur never home as .homes should be. For one to believe them is no place like home is a wholesome partiailty, but to laugh and scorn an other, jiwouuo uumo is nxoug auu unuecoming, is not as one's own; no one need of having a good home of their own, there are so many, rich blessings all whi, around us and if not, there are other blessings that the humblest mav find, vea the nlainest ' rl troll In r moif K . a. u ci;u lu o a nv,iu parauisu wnea auo rn ea j wim the treasures ot peace and contentment in them; these treasures are better than grand uer or gold a thousand fold,the writer knows this . ue-caus- eit dis-pa- ir - .1 , -- is' SO. "r another matter spoken upon and ;" --- -J There was 1 1 1 - ; ' - - that was most of mothers or those that act in iao ui liiutuexs, uu iiiocii or jaise uencacy. towards their daughters; we know a mother's conduct ought to be exemplary at all times before her children, but we think it best for her to gain the confidence of daughters as they: nndn .4 K afe to' womanh come to her with their- - troubles, trials and Crow u n - the pleasures of their youthful lives, if motheis are so sensitive that they cannot teach their daughters the laws of nature :cbnceralbg .them" :elvmhy-oughrhl3t'bylmmeans to e left' to learn those things irom their companions; they may be led astray, as we have known some to be, who have sought information this way concerning themselves, that their own mothers ought to have imparted unto them. Those mothers that feel so very sensitive about tritrxn i. uaugmt-rproper, miormauon concerning the laws of nature oUght to buy good y , - J - 1 a books, that treat on those laws and place them where their daughters will be sure to find them, my .word for it, it will come out" right, I have tried it. Mothers op thn; K stand in the place of .them, ought not if j pos- and-prope- r 1 ... laws; to be tempered with wisdom and love and not by passion or cruelty; it is a much better way to. wait till passion is over before correct' iog a child: we shall this way gain more .rev- e 6, To Vice-Preside- nt . erence and respect from them; parents must knowor ought to, that.theyjntheirjsphere of action with-thknowledge they have, are perfect than their children are in theirs. Parents need to be. blest with a great deal of patience and" forbearance; mine were'quite strict but kind; we were not all our parents desired we should be through our hoydenish ways; we lived in a rural district and a3 soon as spring came around, we must be off to the woods to gather flowers, daffi-dillblue bells and other wild flowers, this of itself vexed them, the writer thinks now that there was a great deal of the Puritan stock in ' .s ' them. , Oh! those were Elysian days to the writer, never to bo forgotten; we should like to see more of the qualities,kindness and forbearance exhibited among some that call themselves Latter-da- y Saints, towards their children, we have seen children that were raised with tyrannical parents, they Have left home and broke away from all parental restraint to pur-- represent her Congressional District during the sessions of the Isabella Congress. Note : The Congress Hall will be furnished with a desk for each Congressional District and at the same time to teach them the simple foreign country represented in the membership laws of health, so that, they may be prepared of the Association. The best thought within in some degree to meet with sickness and those ecb district is desired on every Bocial and innaturaV consequences which are part of every dustrial problem on the program. For this woman's mission, and which inevitably comes, reason proxies will be allowed when in the to every household; and above all let us teach of the any question our ons and daughters to be virtuous and judgment discussed some be better other member can by chaste in their lives, some think girls ought to of her .district.. have those properties more firmly established th i n k d ifferently r4 fou r boy s - have -- JUUTIES OF THE JONGRESSIONALrlIRECTORT. those qualities well cultivated there will not 1. To select one woman in each polling disbe many girls lacking in virtue or chastity; and trict to act as the Enrollment Secretary of the let young men speak of all young women as Association. 2. To send name andaddress of each JEn-- . they would like to hear them speak of their sisters; and the result would be a better state Tollmen! Secretary with membership fee to of society, if mothers are too sensitive to teach headquartes that she may receive her commis-- , -- them the laws of chastity their fatherrcaurand- - sion. ... ...i i f not they can read themsel ves tb eermons 3. To keep a record book with, at: least one of President Cannon and other Church page devoted to each polling district and headauthorities that have been given from time" to ed with a map of said district showing its time, they are very plain and forcible none boundary ; the name and address of Enrollneed go astray for lack t of teaching, all may ment Secretary and the other members of the maintain purity, of character that will seek enrollment committee and any 'other informahelp from their Father in heaven. Much tion that may be needed from time to time. more might be said on this subject. Your Duties of Enrollment Secretary. sister in the Gospel. 7 T 1 Tn floof fnnr wnmpn within Tier nnl Jn rr Isabella P. Price. Mill Creek, June 3, 1891. district who, with herself as Cbairman, shall form the Enrollment Committee of her dis trict. WORLD'S COLUMBIAN EXPOSITION. 2. To forward the names and addresses of these women with membership fees of the . Chicago, May 19, 1891. of the Association in her Con- Mrs. EmmelincB. Wells, gressional JJistrict that each may receive her " My Dear Madam:. Inclosed you will find your commission from commission, 3. To report, progress at least once a month the Isabella Association, instructions in the try t.Kft Viopi-' resident. order to be followed, and- a map of your gible to prevent it, to allow their daughters to" go into homes of their own without a pretty good .domestic education as well as a collegiate one if they can obtain cue; 'and 'not forgetting We believe th'at children ought to be taught' to honor and obey their parents in all things; that is right, but never try to ', ' . " " . 1 . r 1 -- ; . Vice-Preside- nt : - ' P - con-gressio- nal ffi,DKTIE3,0F,EACn ENRQLLJXENT,Ck)MifJXTJ J)istrict , , Very truly, Frances Dickenson, Secretary. L, ,,...-....-rJ.r:- . OF A VICE PItESIDENT OF THE QUEEN ISABELLA ASSOCIATION WITHIN THE ' UNITED STATES. DUTIES "irTo ascerlaQ--j tricts within her Congressional District and forward the same to national headquarters. Note : Every County Clerk keeps a record of the naraber of polling districts within his County and the boundaries of each. In different localities, polling districts are known as townships, wards, parishes and precincts. In some of the large cities the boundaries of the polling districts are to be found in he office of lheElecti printed Jin form outlined on or pamphlet maps. These g political divisions are chosen to avoid, of efforts. We believe- this to be the most systematic and economical method of national organization for women in the interest of any undertaking. , 2. To select four women withinAerilistrict who, with herself as Chairman, shall form the Congressional Directory. 3. To forward the names and addresses of these officers with membership fees to national headquarters that each may receive her comover-lappin- - " mission. " T 4. To send ': :.' ;V;.-- ; , "Tdogahizel)n Circles to awaken an interest in the Columbian Exposition of 1893 ; and especially to further the objects of the Queen Isabella Association in any way that may seem best and is endorsed by the JNote: In view of the growing intimacy of imr country witn Mexico ana boutn America, the study of Spanish American history and literature will prove beneficial and profitable. : . Ml T l it: ; Ti ;t Associaiion wui j. ne jueciure liureau or tne recommend when desired, lectures on World's 1- Fair topics. v; 3. To establish an Enrollnlent headquarters where the literature of the Association can be found and where the written ballot of the members can be deposited on any question, and after the Fair on the disposal of th : assets of Vice-Preside- nt. - MM.-- Note: Membership certificates in books of ten will be sent to the on the receipt of eight dollars ; thus allowing .twenty per cent, of the membership feess, for the : ex.' penses of the Congressional work. , 5. To countersign the commissions issued to each Congressional Director, Enrollment Secretary and members , of the enrollment committee showing the official position of each. - ,..,;,'-JJ..-- ., the Association; the name, election of officers and other questions concerning the coutinu-anc- e of the Association. . . NOTES AND NEWS. ; a statement monthly. :to the national headquarters of the progress of the work in her district. Yice-Preside- nt ascertain the names and addresses of all women no w. members , ofJthe ..Association within their district; to obtain more members and to keep in a book this record of membership within their polling district. 1. To The population of Alaska, as ner corrected " returns, is 30,000. ,K The usuallv 'foreign to a. YrIa f intent - butthi year the graduating class'will don that garb.! ; Mrs. Jennie C. Crolv. .tenm'A June." has been made honorarv nrfidpnt for life of ' v Sorosis. . . ' , . Mrs. Nellie Rtessinff V.vat f the Woman's Press Association of. the Pacific Coast, is a grand-niec- e of Barbara Frietchie. - . 