WOMAN'S THE HEROIC LIFE. BY SARAH K. BOLTON". the man who faces what he must With step triumphant and a heart of cheer, Who fights the daily battle without fear, Sees his hope.-- , fail, yet keeps unfaltering trust That God is God that,, somehow, true and just His plans work out for mortals; not a tear . Is shed when fortune, which the world holds dear, Falls from his grasp; betterrwItirioveTcrusF Than living in dishonor; envies not Nor loses faith in man, but does. his best,, "Nor ever murmurs at his humbler lot, But with a smile and words of hope gives zest To every toiler. He alone is great Who by a life heroic conquers fate. Woman's Journal. -over Jhe continent,iortnancl bouth America. We started late in Sept., visiting all the states and their 'principal cities in the Union, also all the nlacea of renown n fW nf which I will mention. You will understand: that the whole of this journey was taken by the aid of that great railroad, the human grat-We$te- rn - -"- '. mind. LOVE'S FATE. - 11 with roses, for she was accompanied by her stately lover, chilly December. The summer sun came blazing forth aud the gallant prince, fled to his northern home. "lie must have left the gatea open in his hasty flight, fur the wind and those friendly little companions of his summer hours (the gnats) have not been lack-in- g in quantity or quality since. Well, I've returned. from my trip to the "Sunny South," and according to promise will brief account- - of- - the winter's-travels- ." givo My companions and I, were permitted to take I like - EXPONENT. THE WOMAN'S NATIONAL COUNCIL. The .executive board of the - Woman's National Council met atIudiauapolis,May30th. A telegram was sent to the General Assembly at Detroit asking that the Presbyterian women be allowed a voice in the ratification or rejection of the ,were appointed to ask that women be admitted to the General.. Conference "of the Methodist Episcopal church; to ask the next triennial of Sunday-schoo--workers'of the United States and Canada that they be placed upon the committed on ; -Sunday-schoo- l lessons;" that- - they be placed on the National Divorce Reform League; upon the attention of the next and each succeeding Congress - the bill providing that all government employees be paid equal wages for equal work; and to invite the International Council of Women to meet in Chicago. du ring (the vuiuiuumu cawumuuu mt-oto- . XutJ" National Council will assume the entertainment "of aU accredited foreign, delegatesJLNo American delegates will bo recieved into the International Council, except from organizations that have become members of the National Council of the United States. A committee was appointed to prepare a symposium on dress, to be published; under the auspices of the National Council in one of the popular magazines during the com ing year, and to report to the conference of the executive board of the Council of May, 1892, its idea of a business dress for women, accompanied by a model of the same. The corresponding secretary was authorized to correspond with Marion Harland about a stone to be placed in the monument to Mary Washington, and to collect the money for the - creeds-Committee- s l to-pres- We first. passeddown Grand Canyon-t- o Ck iuiuun, mruugu wnieu me oi. river runs, some place3 faster than the fastest R. R. train;" while on either side" rise abruptly solid granite walls to the height of half a mile. Next we visited the sugar maple and grass regions of the New England and Middle Atlantic States. The former contain the greatest number and most important factories in the U. S. The Merriraac, a river of New Eng. drives more machinery than any other river of its sizein the world. The Middle Atlantic States have the most extensive coal beds in North America. They also produce petroleum or rock oil and iron in crreafc abundance. N. Y t h Empire' State, contains one tenth of the population of the whole country. N. Y. City, the metropolis of America, has a population of 1,206,299. In commercial, importance it is c same. surpassed only by London, Eng. : The president was authorized. Pennsylvania produces the most coal, iron mmltXeotb' secure plans janj. petroleum, and -- also rank amotigf thersT erection for of a women's the in dairy products. temple at Glen Echo. JThedism and North Carolina. Nothing; will decay in these"swamp3T'''Abodyas' T6un3' there a A SKETCH OF THE LIFE OF ORPHA few years ago in a perfect state of preservav M. EVERETT. tion, Perhaps the body -- of "the maid" or lover so true. Orpha M. Everett was born March 25, The cotton 'fields of the Southern States and 1814 in Lodi,Cattaraugus Co. New York. the Orange Groves of Florida were of special When 22 years of age in 18o9,she embraced interest,but-wejfaileto get any oranges,except the Gospel, being baptized by Curtis E. in our dreams. Bolton and confirmed by Parley P. Pratt. ' inI, being a lover of nature, was especially She was m arried t o Addison Everet t on the terested in the Mammoth caves of Kentucky. lGth of Feb. 1838 by Lucien R. Foster. vinine extend the To earth. milesjnto They They were the first couple married in the New sit all parts requires loO miles travel. There York Branch of the Church. . are deep holes, natural dbmes and lakeif conTh ley'r catnT to Nauvoo in 1843, nd with" ' the rest of the afflicted Saints left there for taining eyeless fish. The Yellow witbr an unknown wild. - ,5 Her husband was one of the Pioneers and" its numerous geysers and other natural wontherefore she drove, with the assistance of her ders wasvery attractive. Our own Great Salt Lake, of which the stepson 12, years old, her own team composed" of two yoke of oxen, across the plaius in1847t poet sings, is the only pure salt lake in the "She has lone daughter living. SheTia'? 13 V world. What tookrmy fancy in ore than all was the part of hen life. beautiful Yosemite valley of the Sierra Neva died Her husband January 12 1885,, and up da Mts. California. With its gardens of wild to that time been baptized for 5000 had they flowers, and beautiful'water falls one of which of their dead, and endowed for 3000 is the highest fall an the ;world, descending Since the death of her husbend she has still 1,500 feet, which pours down over a granite labored faithfully for the dead, and at her wall more than half a mile high, into the from this life to the spirit world on Eden below. Here are boiling springs mud departure tne dra oi April ioyi, a nost ot Iriends and volcanoes, and the biggest trees in the world. relatives were 1: . ready to greet her. isome being '.20.00 years jald, and so large that a She was loved by those acquainted with her man can ride seventy-five- , feet through the and many of her former pupils visited her in hollow trunk of one that has fallen to the her Ia3t illness, and some of them bore( her ground. from henhouse to the Tabernacle where the This is only a review of what I've studied, funeral services were conducted. but I believe it is good practice for me; it Honored and respected in lief old age, she ' remember. me to help3 was laid away to await the resurrection of the I write to auntie soon. Fond love to just in the St. George Cemetery. Hattie. LiiiLY Is. Spencer. -- MARY EAIRD FINCH." As blossoms wake 'neath sun and rain I heard you sing love's tender strain, With all love's sweet delight of pain. " Then softly on my heart it fell. The story you stooped low to tell ... Like spring-time- 's dawning miracle. . T ; , 'Twas years and years we had not met, Where 'mid the prairie grasses wet You brought the first pale violet. 1 - And we had grown so wondrous wise To guard love's secret with our eyes-H- ow soon love saw the vaindisguise ! And while his love was on us laid That kept us both as half afraid Love knew us for a pair betrayed. Iove f came and smiled . turned away the same .this ..very day The while they question love's delay. I tM aids 4o , -- And tender pity mourns his fate, Yet tower nowlw'IngsTieaven's' gate. . Human's Tribune. , SUNSET. sunset, o'er the Wasatch range The mellow sunlight falls, The mountains take a fairer hue O'er their grimr rocky walls. Fainter it grows and fainter yet The golden summer's sun Its rays are lost on yonder peak, ,Tis goner.the day is done. Farewell O sunset ! linger still f"On Mem'rys mountain height, And flood ihese valleysfair of glow Ere comes the shadowy night ! "Tis .. O night, I welcome thee ! ' - StGnepark-0f-Wyoming- " , frndchildfehaudp -- . Hold .them O nightshades here awhile, Nor let them from me flee,- - for- 4?) i& ' . : Far among Vhy shadowy shapes I see the loved one's fojm, I feel their soft breath on my cheek. Their hearts beat true and warm. -- , d Farewell O daytime ! may the joys I nat thou hast brought to light Still fold me jn their soft ; I welcome thee O night! Xifeaftk' ib.ee for 4hesershaties, . -- . E. C. - A LITTLE GIRL'S LETTER. Fremont, Piute Co., Utah, June 8, 1891. Miss Eva Young: Bear Sister: June came but not decked aiyi , r - : s 