WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 174 cumstances; let no just complaints go up to our as low as $2.50 per hundred, we are a long way give an account ot. her .. representing ,the Relief Soeietjin the Woman's National Father in heaven of suffering that we could alle- - from any saw mill and of course lumber is scarce, have : and a valuable thing with us, some have shingle Council in Washington. or the .spirit yiate, eitherofthe-bod- y Mrs. Jane S. Richards ' expressed herself many duties to perform, rainy calls "are made Jroofs on their houses and others have them hapjpy to meet in Conference with her beloved upon us, and here let me say how I appreciate covered with a kind of flag, we all afford a good feistersj had been well instructed with . Sister the noble and liberal response made by our lumber floor, we have beautiful shade trees in the sisters inlhe several stakes of Zion to the call for summer they almost make a house for "us being Home's speech in the morning. The ladies means o scua our ueicaics 10 .vvtuiuiuu, kj. so cool we prefer them to the house, they are well and were as kind as they could be; cottonwood, poplar, and locust trees not much of Utah C, to attend the Woman's National to go, aud of the enPlease accept from me and the sisters who were a variety, but we look for the time when this spoke of' her dreading she recieyed from her husband; sent our most sincere thanks for. your generosity place will be more thickly settled then we will- - couragement ' Vio4 hoon onrl fAf m cli fVint 1 cKa a ntiT - It wasyto-bles- s betterrWe"1iaveSabbathSchoot"Tindprosper "inxontribiitirrforthisTDTirpose.Tthankful, she was thankful itwaover; explainmeeting every Sunday, also "Primary, Relief ed all, a general and unselfish C3u.se, and will re how hurried and yet how long the Council move prejudice and spread the light, we have re- . Society and Church Oass in which old and young she had been favored in contake an active part. The children I can say are meetings were; ceived, that we may be known for our good works versing with many la'dies and explaining our very prompt in attending Primary and Sabbath among the nations. My sisters, I pray that you position, felt she would like five huudred copies all may be blest in your earthly treasures, and in School, we have as good young men in our place of the manifesto to distribute among them; as one would wish to associate with; we have no every gift and grace, with knowledge and wisdom thought to manv of them it would be int.prpsf. or bad language used an abiding faith in the truth. tobacco, strong-drining reading; related items of interesting conver. Let us susfain our home institutions and home amongst them,rthey are well respected jzwe.Jivea-jon- g "sations she held with many influential ladies. literature and especially the Expo'NENT'our only' way from any large settlement the nearest There were quite a few gentlemen present on being St, George and it is a quite a rough road organ for the Relief Society in all its Stakes and the third dav of the Convention to hear what' rf. this to that here: find will Conferlittle our to our hear of article, get hoping branches, meetings, we had to say about Utah. Felt glad to be in a place in your paper ences and to be informed of the workings and '. 1 the meetingthough she hrd seen many fine I am Very Truly &c. places and people while away, yet she felt-a- t. I very much regret having to "be absent-frohome here among the Saints; thoucrh she home for awhile in Canada. I wished to have testified these ladies were, working for the visited the sisters here and there in the various welfare of humauity'the best they conld; she; R. S. REPORTS. w had invited many of them to come here, and. localities, and in the lonely little branches at a I had greatly dehoned thev would, and if thev did thevJ would" distance from, SALT LAKE STAKE. 4 be received with love and hospitality; told sired to visit them this season; but there is great The Relief -- was Conference of Zion Society them when corning to Utah to mix among the romfort and satisfnrtion in knowing, that lhv held in the 14th Ward Hall March 12. 1891. Mormons and not go to outsiders to get in-- , same sweet influence is with all the saints in ;Mra'M. Isabella Horne presiding. On the formation to MW J U prejudice them against us. UW I V I4W C stand with the president were Mrs. Jane S. Richards expressed his pleasure given in rich abundance that the good seed sown Richards. Mrs B. W. Smith. Mrs. E. ft. in Apostle F. D. at the last Conference may bear much fruit, in attending the Confarence,men and,women he Mrs. E. T. Webb, Mrs E. Stevenson, Taylor, more perfectly uniting us in the bonds of love thought could not either of them get on very ana tne .secretary, Mrs. Howard. . well alone, thererore he ielt-t- he sisters wer- eand union which is to be enjoyed to all eternity. opened by singing "Once 'more we entitled to some share of the I shall surely remember ray sisters, hoping they very best attention come before our God." pravar bv Mrs. E. . in the church; husbands and wives received i i i, i lU.i. r.-r- .. Stevenson, singing "Our God we raise to blessings together in the Mouse ot the Lord,' cnrp?. at. d annual meetings, strenfthpnincr thp 4liee;" Roll called, fifteeu - Presid en ts, and which were to endure for all eternity; and they . young people in the Improvement Associations, eight Counselors responded. Minutes read could be mutually helpful in performing their and in the Primary; tobless this one,strengthens ana accepted, reports Irom twenty-tw- o dnties. various Spoke of our1 being .gathered all; comforts the parents, helps the Bishops - branches read. 1 now ana --Htfrsr BWSniith-spoke-d- f logetner growing ana increasing; that ' HhaBoF'of nations 'the were looking to us and talking. of love-th- e sisters were engaged in, and urged these things. us. It is more than earthly treasures to care for the necessity of faith for the sick that they in Jf res Richards represented to the sisters a very able manner the great good that had the poor, let no sigh oHhe needy ascend to our might recover, exhorted the sisters to faithbeen accomplished in sending the Delegates; "Father. When I return home I hope to meet fulness and diligence. - down to Washington, and what good seed .had ' often with my sisters and may our Father's bless-- -. . .The secretary then read twenty more reports. . , 1 1 .1 iL.i ueeu sown mat to wouiu tneir wished up Horne yet the ;Pres. spring "condensed ast . ' reports ing abide with.us all. ot the sisters so took mnch said we want to be honor, thought the association it time; up . i!Z:rLI J Affectionately Your Sister ' the influential women gathered from faithful in visiting the sick and the needy if among Zina D. H. Young. different be beneficial.and the the would States we keep the commandments of God we have President Relief Society, April 2i, 1891. the Relief Society bad branches a claim u pon Him and He will hear our knowledge that . ' in wouia nations become many d is known, for the sick and widely tressed. Send for prayers the sisters should not regret anything LETTER FROM NEVADA. the elders to administer instead of relying had done to accomplish this great purpose. upon Doctors; let us use mild herb medicines, they 'The press throughout the world are talking: and entreat the Lord to spare our loved ones; Overton,5 Nev., May 9th 1S91. of the Mormons and wondering what we . are c L I fear we have too much pride and vanity Dear Editor: j.:.'l..-anTl'lino tn ftiair ,JCXCttc ff' tYiOXr O WU 111 liUCJ il U IT oil M.ug among us, let us humble ourselves"andb3"" Some time ago I saw a piece in the Woman's and let us patronize our ban about us, we should pursue the course that Exponent written from our quiet little town -- united in everything; e will help to bring about the time, when the ' which to do justice to the people and the place own institutions, sustain .ouf woman's store; and do our best to make a success of "this Ltfrd will come to reign over all, never forget should be corrected. We live in a smill settleour remember and always move onment oh a beautiful stream of water called Moapa', undertaking, We should" work together in wardreligion, etc." which empties into the Rio Virgin River we "have temporal aiTairs as well a3 spiritual, whatever Counselor E. S. Taylor made excellent retends to build up Zion, let us take hold with plenty of land and more room for good settlers; in, Sistet:Horne blessed f marks nnnn faith and t.ho frif'f nf oolite rr : nil J .. e5?Igy.Jn4-w elhave te warm weather i h summer-b- ut the sisters and asked the Lord to bless them. other important subjects. Mrs."E. Webband generally a pleasant w:nter; we can raise almost Mrs. E. Stevenson each snoke brieflv and f?ave Conference adjourned until 2 p. m singing any kind grain, andplenty IPi frui tjsuchlas. 7"Do what Is right etc"," benediction bv Mrs good counsel testifying to ; the v goodness peaches, grapes, plums and almonds and any of God and urging the sistars to exercise other kind that may be cultivated. Generally the Afternoon sesaion commenced with sininir : ; ; , . greater faith. health of the people is splendid, new settlers -- We thank thee Some business was transacted and Pres 0, God for a prophet " sometimes have chills when they first come; we Mrs. Home made few E. a by T, Webb, singing Q my closing remarks, hoping the have had some cases of la grippe and mumps here. prayer : instructions Father thou r that dwellest.". The which had been given general good Thave lived here for almost ten years and have officers of might be a blessing and a help to all. Cou-- : ; sustained ReliefSocietywere r of-opeople that being by tlie Conference and also the afficers of the ference adjourned for three months, singing 7 small babe. We are, thankful to our Father in Relief society of Halt Lake, Stake. "Praise to the man etc." Benediction by heaven that we are not afflicted with diseases as Pres. Horne expressed.herself . .. , . gratified to Apostle F. I). Richards. they are in a great many other places; you can have one of the Apostles r E. Howard, Secretary. present and knew : buy dried peaches at 8 & 10 cts. per pound, the sisters were also thankful for his presence-hoperaisins 12J cts., butter is generally 25cts. per to recieve counsel from him: j-- we , , i ; ks --and - head-quarter- s, . V V M V W W - a (Jon-feren- . ce .j U- -- 4 1 -- . 1 - , 1 - i. -- m - ' 1m-riXV I-- . : . ait Vi jf : : : ; r seen-butohee- ur ath i . , : . d :PH55?$J?M , ?jdJlmn; rUcmbuy ilout- - would 1 iketo hear butj5rst MrsSF BRichards' The quarterly conference of the Relief 