ft The Bights of, (he Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of t " , ia VoL -- " m ". ' ' CONTENTS. " i - . 'MmeJnurnalhgtand News. The Woman's Notes" International Press Federation Constitution. Salt Lake Co". , W. S. A. C. C. Raleigh, Sec. Famous Beauties Elizabeth Bisland. Advancement of Women Boston Herald. Miscellaneous. ... Relief' Conference. Editor Society Conference. Representative Women of the Lonvention In A. G ' Greenhalgh; "Tears Idle Poetry: A Call Ruby Lamont. Tears" Maggie Winesburg. ' To , My Mother's Sister Lula. An Old Book Lady Lindsay. Legend of the Violet Merion Couthony Smith. Fire Fancies Good Housekeeping. I' '.'"Lexia-Harri- s; BY RUBY -- LA110NTV For Oppression's doom has been sounded far, 's star Lovely Freedom wakes with the day-beam- 1 Shall we close our eyes to our.neighbor's need? ; And though we be blest shall we cease to plead For the cause of Right, for our sister's woes, While fair Justice droops 'neath her cnielfoc.s? f How long, how long shall we bend and weep, How long shall the waves of injustice sweep Over human life, with its woe and care, To darken a world that were else so fan? . Arise! " Let thy slumbering, b tin In Ihe marcn of Rht take a noble art i r Thou shalt share tbe palm by the victor's side, And rejoice with them who for Truth have died. Circleville, Utah, Feb. 13, 1891. " . MAGGIE WINESBURG, There's a world of meaning in the crystal drops ; That flow from the human eye, Sometimes it's woe too deep for words 'But a heartbreak's bitter cry. ... E. THE MOTHER OF OUR SAVIOR. - To contemplate the life and mission of this most noble woman, creates within the mind the deepest, purest reverence and admiration that mortal is capable of feeling, for mortal. What an incenCive the contemplation of this beautiful character "and divine mission should be to every young woman, to guard her purity and virtue with the strictest tenacity, : 10 -- magnuy ine xora ana rejoice in uoa. Kot that she was born of wealthy parentage, for she says herself, in speaking of the Lord's great goodness; tHe hath regarded the low estate of His handmaiden; tor behold from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed;'f hath' uufdown-thmiehtv from their seats, and exalted them of lew degree." Evidently she did not belong to any one of "6'-H- Lula. -- ' e" " the higher "ircles operated those of large means, or great wealth. She was of very, lowly birth, and her education, her thoughts and imaginations must have corresponded with her humble station in Jife. Yet how pure and refined must have been every thing' in any way associated with her wholelife and being. The Scriptures say7little or nothing con, cerhing her personal appearance. Yet it is natural and consistent to believe she was a most lovely maiden. The mind, indeed; can not conceive of one so blest and highly favored of the Lord, being anything but beautiful. As the presence of the S pirit of God refines -- , A SKETCH. Far away in western clime3 there lies a most beautiful garden. Remote from the constant whirl and commotion of the metropolis, one imagines himself exalted, as it were, to a sphere, beyond, when he feels the 'soft sea breeze upon his cheek and notes the beauties of nature which surround him. Here all is quiet, peaceful,and the soul, in harmony with the delightful associations, stands in contrast with" the surging waves of the ocean as they break in sublime grandeur upon the shore. One cannot imagine anything more ioveiy man tne sunsmne, tne nowers, the grand old oaks'" and the8 statelypihes which are to be found in, this paradise of beauty. ' Many years ago theredwelt in this sequestered " spot a: woman of fine intellect and much . borrow and trouble: had driven her aimlessly from one place to another, until careworn and in solitude she had at last found a place where the weary heart might rest in quietude. J)ay after day she spent wandering J over the acres of land filled with delightful pleasures, always finding something new in nature to interest her suscepti We 'mind., It seenied to her that the woods and everything that lived must entertain solemn and rev- erential thoughts, so powerful and holy were the, melodies which came forth from the "branches of the trees and the flowing brooklet Beside the same brooklet she often sat listening to the sounds which dropped from the branches like dew, sometimes forming in her mind beautiful muses? and often humming in unison with the trees and brooklet. She had JrrownJ;gTo . . I tri .1 II associaieine ine wouiu amereni tones ana i " be caused by a cruel slight From friends we hold mest dear, . " As In the'erowd fheypass 'usiby Or they may . -- f . a slighting word or sneer. . Sometimes hot words from anger flow, ' And cruel words fall fast, And our dearest friend is bur bitterest foe ; Whi'e the angry passions last. Then again the pearly drops flow fast, Lue a gentle summer shower, As ia every pulse of our throbbing hearts We feel joy's sweetest power. . 1866 " "TEARS, IDLE TEARS." . -- Rest gently, mother, sleep sweetly on, Thine earthly sorrows and cares are gone: . And content ye, sisters, if needs must be, That each other's faces no more ye see, Content ye, afar from each other to roam, 'Till mother, in Heaven shall call ye home, ; VVith ' The winds that over the desert come, : Tell of a mother who left her home, And friends and children still true and kind, With smiles and tears, she left behind," " To journey o'er plains and mountains wild, And search out the home of her wand'ring child. And the low winds whisper softly now, How she calmly sleeps 'neath the mountain's brow There's a flash of light in the midnight sky, There's a voice of strength as the flash sweeps by, v : Life's future pathway may still be the theme, While other sisters all hopefully dream, But ye, your childhood and youth are pass'd, And a shade on your last fond meeting cast; The shade of a long and sad farewell, Of which the wild winds still wailing tell. . , ; 1 A CALL. No. 18. , tbu3 make a harmonious whole. She would imagine the .brooklet felling the flowers of the wonderful tree at its side, and then it seemed as if the tree itself sang, so well and truly had the pure spring related. The angels above must have heard these delightful sounds,' and said to one another"Ke must have the lovely 1 songsters here in our heavenly garden," fojr one day a scorchttig beam' "Lad dried up the wonderful brooklet, and the beauty, strength vand life. hedjeft the proud, .tree .at, its side they had departed with the soul of a noble woman and sainted sister. But ye parted I ye parted your playtime o'er, And together ye weave bright visions no more; "Tor other Tidmes ye have sought and found, And other fair circles now gather round. 1.1 -- , al - ! . .. .. You stood together my mother and you, Dreaming of life's narrow pathway in view; " And for each bright fancy her visions wove, Yet ye dreamed not afar from each other to rove. . - "A waken ,. And the sisters thought not, as one "by one, Frora the happy hearth they were passing on, How soon the latest would yield to "fate," And the quiet home be desolate - , A Shetch E. Tbe Mother of 0 u r Savior L. L. G. Richards. Should all Women Marry A Zulu Woman's MaosionX;Vx June. Jenny als:-Gener- all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 15,1891. T"T : ..... ' and glorify the outward appearance, It gives the ;on dy true beau ty , the on ly. beauty 'w h i ch will endure forever, and i3 therefore the one precious charm above all others which should be fought for( and, cultivated ,biJheljooDjr. f . v (, : It is passing strange that those crystal drops ' Each human emotion show;In joy or grief we find relief As the bright drops freely flow. - TO MY MOTHER'S SISTER. , In a quiet and peaceful home was seen A band of sisters, whose youth serene Was passing so calmly, tho swiftly by, It was Scarcely seen by the watchful eye Of a tender father, whjfajdjhweaj 'UfmSid byXmoer's gentle care. ( 1 i ladies m Zion, since the religion they hold to promises blessings onlv which are to be ever- lasting in' their nature. The: mother ef Jesiis .being so richly endowed with the Holy Spirit, iasjis expressed! in thelacred records, must then have been most beautiful. Agreeing with this natural supposition, the Latter-da- y Saints have also aconcise, and to them a most reliable' declaration given by the Prophet "Nephi,.who ..'.in vision beheld this Lamb of God, and His mother, according to the flesh. He pronounces her "a virgin most beautiful and fair above all other virgins." ' Very little is told concerning the character of this illustrious woman. But enough is written to give an idea of what she must have ' ' " 9 been. ..' ," ' "v. , -- The indignities heaped upon the .humble rvt' r,l.t-..- .: x LJ - rta remmaers i r- - 01 . ilpseli ... and n isy own . . - .lufTsrini . -- - 