10 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the old papers, and told her they were only rubbish that ought to be burnt, but (we'll call her Rosabel),, didn't think, eo; s.s she went back day after day, until it was a byword in the old home, '..thatRosabel lived in the garret. She didn't go there without purpose thought she left oil playing with dolls all of a sudden, and forgot to dress herself up any more, but she remembered to leave the window open to let in the sunshine and the sweet scent of the lilacs and and hour after hour she would sit so quietly-ththe stillness was almost painful, and yet no one must disturb her. apple-blossom- The cake was5 made by Bro. Stinger, the town baker. This made a good deal of work for the presiding officers and committee and they all did their best; many of the articles were sold and a few bf the best articles were dis posed of in other ways. All the eatables that w ere left, were divided among the poor Our numbers are small in the Relief Society -- 4 but what there are they are very good and come to their duties. Our meetings are very interesting, and we lave many of our outride friends visit us and they are paying strict atten .1 t is a lion to wnat is said; so l tnink that there s, " at J 4ighthad-dawnedupan-lierin-that-out4)f- 1 1 W 1 . am thankful that the Lord has enabled me to stand faithful to this time, and hope I shall be able to stand fast to the end and be 'Saved with all the faithful whch is ray wish. R. PoNi7 Prest. R. S. r . E. Kolhkpp Sec. R. S. E. Stinger Treas. R. S. Minnie Tdtorogood, Esther Garner, , Emma Spilman, Tillie Beckett Committee . Rosa Rousch, Raso Beck. . . - Committee of Fairr ; Pocatello,- - IdaharJune-22rllr- : " the way place, she had found out that women railroad town, which could not be done with r T sometimes put their thoughts upon paper,' and out an oiten readi in your l organization, LETTER FROM MRS. STANTON. she conceived the idea of making rhymes, or little paper of our Sisters from Salt Lake jmgle; that was why she wanted to be alone, ' visiting around in different places to cheer the Basingstoke Han t3. and needed the fresh perfume from outside; it sister's up in their duties.-- It does us good to Dear Mrs. Colby: , rested her,and helped "clothe her thoughts. hear this; but it would do us more good if they I have been taking a vacation," down by A little at a time the secret leaked out that would give us a call, and us a little. encourage Rosabel actually thought she could write a the sea shore for' a' mouth. readingjiQYla-anla t o n e ti me th at some of-- the JL.waspromked the ocean; talking to agreeable bobk. Wailhis very absurd?. Folks seemed halt Lake sisters would come and see looking-aiis; and to think so and her mother, who was vfcry Pe0I,Le Pay!DS cness aiia whist in the evening s we will wait with patience yet to see them. a mere society woman; banishing the practical, tried to convince her that little The Young Ladies and the .Primary are girls didn't write books all at once, and there doing as well as can be expected for the lew suffrage movement, and The Woman's Tribune was much hard work and study to be done there are and they all seem to take hold in wholly from my thoughts! Bournemouth, where I have been, is one of by way of preparation. That even her grand doing good in the Church and Kingdom, mother had studied hard, and had a good which is a great and glorious thing, and f fear the loveliest sea side places in England. Here education before she attempted to write those in tne erounos ot St. reters cnurcn is a we cannot fully appreciate the brVssings' whiten old love letters," which had so enchanted poor are bestowed beautiful new monument to the Shelley family, us. upon Rosabel. "You are getting strange notions inand my oldest sou have jusr been where - Mary - Wolstonecraft and William Myself to your head," she said to the child; "you back. East as far as Omaha, Nebraska, where Godwin are. buried. Their remabs were -- must go away to school and write composiI have'.two brothers jiving, which I had not recently brought from St. Pancras church tions and have them corrected, after a long seen for over yard,, London. Here, too, are. Mary Wolstone thirty years, and their families craft time may be that you can write something have Shelley, and her son Percy Florence grown so large and most of the children readable." Poor Rosabel! how crest fallen, were those I had never seen before; it was quite Shelley, third Baronet. The sexton told us all her fame were about a treat for there were a large number of people daily to see the difference in crossing us, to be dispelled,, for. I will tell you another the plains now and when I came with ox visiting the grave of Mary- Wolstonecraft. secret now, her mother was 6trongminded, teams in 1863. Omaha was very small then. Her great work " Vindication of the rights of and wanted her daughter to be a woman, There has been great improvement made since Women has recently been republished with and not a sentimental y novel that time, as also along the plains. It is almost an introduction by Mrs. Fa wcett. writer. I can't tell you all Rosabel's life his-- . -Thus is this noble woman honored in her aUJbuilt up; nqwr, then, jth ?tmt am some" I almost "certain death th b ugli so persec u ted an d os traci s ed i h uny lory now; but now it looks beautiful. some little girl or woman, poking about the We had a good time with all the folks. They her life. rA rist's trhn rchr?ir rail er from'B o a rn jmus al treated' us wel and withrespectr "which " TJscripk of hhelley, the. did not do in 1861, jalthough theyare mouth, is a beautiful they ": hi . Aunt Em. Tro lifted the waters covered great poet, just see the "muchagainir supported by the angel of truth, still they know the Bible almost by with You remember he wa3 drowned in the WOMAN'S WORK AT POCATELLO. . heart; they are very religious and have their death. Gulf of Spezzia. After reading Dowden'a morning, and evening prayers, and ask the biography of Shelley, my daughter and I sat blessing on their food, and k after Editor Woman's Exponent: the fire discussing the poor poet's checkered eating as regular as the day comes; and by Dear Sister Wells: Many of our members this was so everywhere we went; my brother life, late one night, pitying him in his take your much valued . paper. AH take an had a Bible which they have read so much struggles and disappointments,and condemning i i i ' interest therein, and an we see reports in it that it is perfectly worn out and in rags. But uis iamer ior nis coiuuess ana severity, wnen, from different branches of the Relief Society, still they won't believe it as it is; they would with a deep sigh Mrs. Blatch said, "poor we take the liberty of sending a little account have their babies baptized by sprinkling, and fellow, it was too bad after being in hot water of some of our work here in Pocatello, espeShe when I showed them plainly what the Savior all his life, to die in cold water did not see of first the comic aspect of her remark Fair which was held on Feb. says in St. Mark 16 chapter, 15 and 16 verses cially our and burst lauediinsr. thou ierli the facts until 14th. out was I It 3th, in which he says, "Go ye into" alt the worlds got up for the' benefit of our new meeting, house which has been and . Gospel and he thafe believes -- wera indeed sad en ou gh lor, tears.-- , preachlthis -eocstructedf trarmg" the past year at an exI have just read Mrs; Besant's erand speech and is ; baptized shall be saved," they of over $1,800. And as all the would have it that the Savior had done it in fThe Woman's Trihune. I am very sorry pense people here have- - to depend on daily wages all;- and that he had atoned for "all their sins that she could not stay longer in America. for all their means, it has been quite an un-- t they are doing every day; and would believe The sad news of Madame Blayatsky's death . . t ii met her as ttlyxramsiZ- - She,--wcremated- aertasmg ana we au nad to cast m our mite. that what He said.onJ&ecrossaJ alstr-be- ei members the ve ha before Mrs. Besant reached XfleJielief:::Society was fulfilled meant the"future as well. I had only day w case in ineir mite. iney nave a great deal of..talk- oh7how Queenstown. L shall now annlv mv self to ' in the Jast half year $218,00 Rut 1 darkened they are m their minds and would given "Rems" again to make room for the budgets. wa3 going to tell you ot our Fair. JUost of the not listen. Much could be said upon this Sincerely yours, church members donated freely of their .means visit, more than would fill a bodk; but Elizabeth Cad y Stanton. ! hope to the Fair of articles to be sold; and also and Woman Tribune. that the Spirit of the Lord will work pray of many our outside friends donated liberally upon their hearts, and all the honest in and visited us during the Fair, and we had, a heart that they 'The international Copyright Law. enacted may come to see the truth, and Our Fair convery good turnout indeed. en'rmtffect "July 1st. tained knitting, fleedleTorkT" amllnp iiyhpjrngrei?, come into this gospel.. 'SiAs the of Governments of it - the o scripture say and in anticination ' i croeiiet.v plain sewing and all kinds-- of liandi-- . that the field is wide, and. the laborers are few, Great Bntain, France, Belgium and Switzer work well executed, aa" well as all- - kinds of so it: is. dias never been a missionlhere land signified to the United States -- government, eatables which were served for lunch and n in that part of Nebraska, and it would ary through the proper diplomatic channels, We had good order and good music 'for take a good worker, as they are all verv relitheir readiness to avail themselves of the faciaanciog parties in me everisugg, gious and hard to deal with. lities offered by the new law to their citizens I must tell you of our. gold ring cake we am thankful to my heavenly Father, that for I copyright here, by granting: to American cut and sold it .25 cts. a piece, for whiclfwe I have been be to who one has worthy been a authors equal privileges with their own citigot 15. Une ot cur brethrenfound thfi r partaker of the great and glorious work, and zens." i ' . . . d t -- f glorious-visions-tj- -- wishy-wash- - ' - 1 " t-- Gh 1 -- bas-reli- ef " : sea-wee- give-thank- d, s . at-las- t.' J -- - . as with-them;-b- ut ? - v 1 - IjMJherjysa . :. - sup-pe- ri. I " .. 