WOMAN'S 190 orchards surround the quiet homes of the Saints in this peaceful little place. A neat little store owned by the community where can be found a nice stock of goods for this country, and ' quite cheap, adds to the,coQVenence 'o( the peo- pleT There is a good adobe building for school and meeting purposes which is always, tolerably well filled. The Saints seem to enjoy themselves and feel that hard times are almost over in Mexico and that a bright future atfaits us here; and we believe that we have been led here by the hand 'of Providence to perform a great work which re mains to b&lnnfiinJhefuJture. S. T. Boice. , - . R. S. REPORT. DESEIitT. you a short sketch of the of our Relief rfinranizlnif . . O .......Societv- of .DesercL , The wards being "divided id,: three, namely Deaeret, Hinckley and Oasis. On the 0th and 10th of May .Sister Elizabeth Yates, Stake President of . Relief Society, Millard, came and organized a society in each ward, holding meetings at Deaeret on the 10th, at 10 o clock a. m., Pres. .Yates presiding. Meeting began in the usual manner. The Sisters were called to select their President. Sister Eliza Whicker was chosen, the same President that presided before." She selected for first counselor Eliza. Moody; second, Victoria Black. Marietta Webb was chosen secretary, Alice Moody, assistant' secretary Kate Allred, treasurer." We also received some instructions from Pres. Yates and from her second counselor L. Tompson. wish to give --- . here and gave us some good advice. . Meeting adjourned tor two weeks. We have worked together so long in Deseret as a -- partecl; how'x'wMtm aemg it was thought best as we live, in such a "wlible ever scattered condition. We will soon become used to meetini? senaratelv and it is much better for the teachers and those that live fo far. We have a society that has been alive . The Sisters have all t worked together in unison. M arietta Webb, See. The Relief Society Conference report of Emery Stake held in Huntington, April: 17, 1891: President Annie U. Larsen presiding. Singing "Spirit of God come down," prayer by Brother P. Johnson, singing, "Come, O , thou President Annie Larsen King of Kings." then made a few opening remarks, advising the secretaries to he prompt in sending thejjre- norts of their wards, also spoke of her visit through the settlements in the stake, the good feeling prevailing. Reports of those present were listened to with marked iuterest Sister Olsen, president of the Castle Dale Ward, felt well in her labors with the sisters, ever ready and willing to do her duty. Mrs. L. C. Avery of Huntington, Mrs. Eunice Petty of Emery, and Mrs. Alger of Cleveland ' each reported TlC41VtO 411. C VV AAJk V VV WW UVU II Vtlf 4 spirit of union and'love in their midst. Stake i iinnsplnr Ann Pulsifer had 'aliened RaH. Tjflk conference, and gave some very interesting remarks of the good things she had heard spoken Woodruff. Counselor Mary E, Cox bore her work. Brother "testimony to the Latter-daJ. D. Chase spoke very encouragingly to the sisters. Mrs. McNeryyi gave in the Lawrence Ward report, which was good. Meeting adjourned until half past one, in the afternoon, singing, benediction by Bishop Pulsifer. . y . " self-improvem- Belf-culture . . . -- " - -- : - - .; mrT h " - : EMERY STAKE lUVli. g, 14 ; Editor Exponent: . Afternoon meeting: President Annie Larsen-presidin- Sisters, the world cannot understand us, singing, With all my joys of heart spoke of the W. C. T. U., associations, "the and tongue,'1 prayer by D. Washburn, singing . Lord is working with those outside as well as are stealing a little time "My God the spring of all my joys.'V Mrs. ourselves.-Wom- en, Sarah Fulrner reported the Orangeville ward. from household cares for " aud Bishop Oversen addressed the conference a we must spend some time in short time. Several sisters bore their testi-- v "creep out from the toil that surrounds us, let work, many good us devote our spare time to educating ourselves raony to the Latter-da- y things were said, and all felt the good spirit instead of making lace and other fancy work ... that prevailed in pur midst. Bishop Pulsifer etc." y Pres. John exhorted to continual faithfulness, and other thought we ,were well, paid iqr brethren who were present spoke. President coming to meeting,felt thankful to ,ours visitors, Annie Larsen then made a few.closingremarks his Holy Spirit. Conference was .adjourned and released Ann E. Seeley and Kathinka Anderson from the positions as stake secretary for threo months. - Singing'The spirit of God with a vote of thanks. The officers f the like a Are h burning." Benediction by S. M, ; v stake were unanimously sustained as follows : Kimball. C. Annie U. Larsen president, Johanah L. Childs , Daniels, Sec'y. as first counselor, Ann Pulsifer as second coun " WASATCH STAKE. selor, M. J. Shipp secretary. Choir sang "Lift up your head,ye scattered Saints." Benediction The Relief Society of Wasatch Stake held by Bishop Pulsifer. its. Semi Annual Conference . in . the - Stake J." S.:McKee, Sec House at Heber,May 28, 1891, at 10:30 o'clock a. m. Present on the stand, President, Hatch ? UTAH STAKE. and Counselor T. H. Giles, Bishop Henry Minutes of the Conference of the Relief-1 viegg ana tne fctaKe rresiaency or tne tfeiiet Society of. the Stake, held May 29th, 1891, in Society and representatives of the different the meeting house, Provo City. Pres. Mary wards.also Sisters E. Howard and Lillie Freeze John presiding, Counselors Emily G. Cluff of Salt Lake City '. Pres. Emma ' Brown presiding, singing by the choir, I'ed by Brother and Manila Daniels also on the stand. Conference opened by singing, "Once more we Roger Horrocks, "The morning breaks," prayer by Bishop Henry Clegg, singing, "God spake come before our God." Prayer by Counselor Marilla Daniels. Singing, "Arise O glorious the word." The roll was called, 22 officers beZion." Minutes of former Conference read ing, present; minutes of last Conference read ' and accepted. and accepted. Pres. Brown exhorted the sjsters to be diliPres. John was grateful to see so many at conference as it proves their faithfulness. I feel gent in attending conferences and also their the sisters are doing a good work, wished the ward 'meetings, Heber. West Ward was reported by Sister younger sisters would ,ineet witn us even it they bring their children, lhe old will not C Foreman, who iaid she realized blessing in attending meeting and knew pthersr would do always be able to meet with us, and the re .: , v so if they would come. sponsibilities will rest with the young. Spoke Sister Margaret Muir reported Heber Ea?t of the Hospital fund, it is our duty to help that institution. Yvouia iiKe to near irom the Wairdlald "fney haof adq3TmanyT. enrolled, presidents of the different branches of the some had a desire to come while, others had not, felt thankful for a testimony of this great Society throughout the country. After hearwere very satisfactory ing their reports,-whicTSIs'ter Lillie Freeze said she felt a little and en cou raging, con strange when 'sheifirst me in1 but,icgjsidereo!': p. m. Benediction by Sister Wilkin3. as ' we 'are"" eventually to be united rin one, Afternoon. session convened at 2 p. mi On great family it was good to become acquainted the stand, in addition to the presiding officers with one- another; sometimes things of the Society, were Sisters S. M. Ki m ball and which caused u to feel coldtranspired towards bur neighEmily S. Richards of Salt Lake City. bors; such feelings should not be ' entertained; Conference opened with the usual exercises. persons having f eelings against their brethren A few more reports were given in by the presi- - 0r sisters should not partake of the sacrament . ( I rEXPONENT. urv r to the sisters for ."P0- a short time, explained the organization and position of the Relief Society; was thanktul for these organizations, when we benefit others we benefit ourselves, our usefulness increases and we realize that we are brothers and sisters, one grand brotherhood. etc., we cannot gain knowledge and. intelligence without effort. Spoke orr various subjects of interest to the sisters. Sister Goodman spoke on the silk question: did not like to see the interest dvinp- nn a source of Dro- thought it would eventually be : fi t to us, etc Coun. Marilla Daniels felt to endorse what Sister Goodman had said about silk! hnt if would need, unity of purpose to make it a success. .Let us try and interest young women in coming to these meetings that they may learn the workings of the society and see how tney are conauctea, etc. bister h. S. Richards felt pleased to be with to meet with the Rplipf. us, naa always-trie- d mee"ng W'ih Sl,ster Eliza" 9t" . "a ln.eTars, g,ne . by. th is the x luiuK mat our women bv uuu omai , as till y m IRQ world. M.iui ii we are caiiea anrt set anart to fulfill v flrinwa duties in these organizations, I do not .believe the men have as many organizations as the . - ". . r.w .tu, - befbrethev had rmade-thinright. iSpoke of the Prophet Joseph Smith; and, some re marks he made when he organized this Society. Exhorted the mothers to send their children to the Primaries and Sunday Schools "where they could be taught the j things of , God. After singing "High on the mountain top," and prayer by Sister Mary Day bell, conference" adjourned till 2 p. m. - ;; gs -- Afternoon session resumed at 2 o'clock with the usual exercises . of singing "and prayer. The Midway Ward was reported b jr Sister Mary Guerney who stated that it was in a fair condition. Sister Mary E. Cluff v reported Center Ward, said they were few in number, bu t earnest in doin g good. . .. ' ;" ' .' Sister Mary Dabling in reporting Wallsburg said some Jo not come once a year to meeting, while others come often and those that came them and they had brought a good spirit with ' : i' ":; good meetings.-- . . .. Sister Mellisa Murdock reported Charleston, relating a little of her experience when-thsociety was organized there. Woodland Ward not reported. Sister E. Howard said it was the duty of every virtuous woman in the wards to be members of the Society, spoke of the signs of the times, and the eventful year of '1891; spoke of re w-e- . . e 