WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Society of Box Elder Stake convened in the Tabernacle in Brigham City, March 10, 1891. Sister Olivia" Widerborplrdingsinging "Earth with her ten thousand flowers "prayer by Bishop Janson, singing"High on the mountain top." Minutes read and accepted, reports read Pres. Olivia Widerborg the secretary. some made explanation concerning the reports; exhorted the sisters to diligence in their duties as wives and mothers. Mary. Catkins president of 4th ward; said to-da- y by. when our-time comes,-b.1 11 I l - .t t i n J welcome, wen uone, inou gooa anu iauniui servant,' let us do good when we cauboth in our own family and in others, let our hearts be lifted in prayer to God." NancyA. Bigler, counselor in 2nd ward, felt to do all in her power to help roll on this May-w- e e -- worthy-that- 1 . . " : ttork. '' 5ena..Grei;erson, .counselor in 3rd ward, spoke of the assistance rendered by the girls, they were great helps in sickness and making clothing for the dead, said; "we should strive to make home attractive for our children and guard them from evil. Coun. Mary Wright: "We need faith and need to sustain each other, to enable us to pass through our trials, although they' are nothing compared to what our Savior endured, Let us build each other up. : " Bishop Janson said the sisters are doing a great work and much good, knew they were as true in teaching doctrine and principles a3 the brethren, spoke of. faith in sickness, and upon other subjects. Pres. O. Widerborg; "sisters let us keep the spirit by which our brother has spoken, it will exalt us in the presence of God. Singing The-sun that declines in the far western sky," benediction by Elder Crawford.- . -"- realize you 'Mothers in Israel,' thai we'are the .people oLGod, Joseph Smith aid so; wo aro silted, out of the nations, the. Lord says "they snal assemble together and He will raise up teachers to them," I see it verified here you are gathered two of a family one of a city. As your president has said,. voiLhave nu3 uuu inais, you teel sometimes that you uavc jjul u menu, even tne JUord RPPma in fnr. sake Christ, we are-nbettcr than him it 'seems . -- ot n,i;r weiistniufferTh-iirhK--i- r passes and friends come; spoke of Job and how his wife counseled him in his' great .trouble saying "dost thou yet hold fast to thiue integrity? curse God and die." We see this spirit in the world, people suicide to get out of trouble; but the mothers of Israel seek for the comforter, what i3 the comforter? . .the Holy GhostjU is a principle of light,it is the principle by which all things are made, even the Lord on Hs throne, and according to our diligence :n living pure lives weshall enjoy and. comprehend this principle. It is your privilege to receive as great blessings a3 any women since the beginning of the world. Spoke of Rebecca and of the mother of ; Samuel5 and, the prophetess in the temple who was told the Savior should be born. You can . have influence in your homes' for a great deal of good in connection withyourhusbands.EraraaSmitn,8he was a very peculiar woman, Joseph was perse cuted on the right and on the left, he would come home despondent, she would tell him, "this js the work of God, He will sustain you," how is it with you? when your husband comes home, do you say, "stay at home and keep me company," or will you encourage your husband to do his duty? you sisters are making a record, sending your children to school, aud Sunday School, what pleasure for a woman to, look back at a well-spelife, you need comfort,; of are farther advanced you perhaps many than you know, I presume; what a. beautiful . .1.6. Frances Smith, Louisa, Spencer, Mrs. Bar-- , ton, Dr. Maggie C. Shipp, Margaret Caine, Adella Eardley and Mary Silver each spoke briefly but earnestly in defense of ""woman's rights, defining what they considered her privileges and advocating earnestness and deter-- : ' mination. Ch. Ex. Cora. Elizabeth Mc'Farlane thought we would have all the rights we wanted if we ' would only prepare .ourselves for them; meantime men would have "wo-- " men attained to a higher plane, men would correspondingly rise higher. May Talmage, said she was interested in suffrage; recalled with pride the last time her mot-hevoted; she walked five miles to deposit her ballot; she thought women were advancing all over the world; realized , there were some positions women could fill better than" men.". The suffrage in the hands of women will not detract from woman's duty at home; we should have a programme for our meetings and study and prepare ourselves at home. Elizabeth Price, related some of the experiences and difficulties Lucy Stone had to contend with when first starting out in woman's cause; but opposition as we well know is greater evidence in favor than, against a cause; woman suffrage had been agitated a long time and the cause will go onward and never fail, thousands of women have to make their own living and they need the ballot, ability and quality should be the test and not the sex, for office, al women could not get positions neither can all men. Emma Finch made a short but interesting speech. Meeting adjourned, subject to the call of thePresident. . ' . - -f- -- -- r 4 A. W. Eardley, Sec, pro tern. Afternoon session, singing "How great the joy that promised day," prayer by Counselor Minutes of the W. S. A. of Salt Lake Co. "An from on Madsen, singing, Adolph held in the 13th Ward Assembly Roqm3 April angel Willard Sister Hubbard ,.bjejftaUer-day-Saint21st . 1 89 Vice Pres.WmZKIria-thhigh." president jof what .thing Jftjajg ;r;,:Ci ty; fwe can not be iha nkfiil enou gh fer our .chair. l6ve;yihiiignni3"'kidbo Prayer by Frances Smith.1 Lattei(3ay: Sain if "blessings, we have our name enrolled with our what ever we fail to receive in this life we shall Minutes of the two former meetings read and' brethren and sisters, we need constantly to pray obtain in the next life, attend your meetings. adopted. . Roll called. that it may always be so, spoke of the sickness you sisters who hold omce doj t feel discourCh. Ex. Coin. Elizabeth McFarlane ad and death of Sister Cook, she was a faithful aged, we all do sometimes, stick to the truth, dressed the assembly, said that Mormon wosaint, may we eventually be worthy to inherit stick to the Gospel, to your duties, all will be men are and always had been religiously and the blessings we set out for i3 my prayer. well, God bless the Relief Society, God bless they also wished to be politically sociallyree, free. 7 Sister Harper, president at Calls Fort, "I the mothers in Israel." . : think the sisters in our ward are doing a Pres. Widerborg made a few closing reSarah M. Kimball, Pres. of the Ter.Ass'n. little better than formerly, we have had a marks, singing, "Great God attend while Zion and one of the delegates to the late convention held in Washington D. C. asked if it was not great deal of sickness, but it has been said the sings." Benediction by Bishop' Jansen. "calamities should commence at the house of Emily 1). Madsen, Cor. Sec. power, that women wanted, said that she for the Lord, one wanted power! woman should seek to exCondensed report read by. Annie Wixom. ercise all tbe powers which God has endowed W. S. A. SALT LAKE CO. Coun. Adolph Madsen, warned the sisters her with, and not be contented to deplore her also the situation and bear it, but take measures to against the use of concentrated lye, use of coal oil in making fires, I beg your The W. S. A. of this county held its regular better the cond pardon for speaking of this, but terrible accimonthly meeting in the 13th Ward Assembly lay systematic plans at each meeting, for our dents have occurred, mothers should be careRoom3, Tuesday March 17, 1891, Pres. E. next meetings work, thought that the exchange ful with' matches. Howard in the chair; prayer by the Chaplain, of thought and sentiment of the delegates at Eliza Pres. Rudgar Clawson; "These meetings Platte. The Sec. being absent Adella the Washington Convention had been mutuW. sisters have : bring about a spirit of union, the Eardley was elected Sec. pro tern, the Sec. ally beneficial. s a decided, influence for good or evil, just a3 read the of the W. S. A. of Utah. Phebe Y. Beattie delegate to the Convention few made Pres. Howard in remarks a from Salt Lake County gave a very pleasing opening Jbey .choose, itijdoesnot...alwayam"anifes.tjtself: in a direct way, nevertheless it is felt. which she observed that we were all interested report of her laborssaid they had been both work done Pres. Olivia Widerborg; "you aud I can not in the great being by the women I pleasant and profitable, and that she had been afford to lose an opportu ni ty to listen to. the of the world, and we should work for the same highly complimented on the orderly manner for and for called we in interests, are which our reports had been compiled and all; suffrage political teachings of the Relief Society, to give relief, let us Jook well after the sick; thought when "women had power we would presented to the Convention. and poor, in such a manner that we may gain have better governments and purer society; Honorary Vice Pres. Z. D. II. Young said in when are the right people the approbation of our Father in heaven; teach positions of trust that, we shouldxercise all the powers that a will in we have reformation we possess to educate our children many respects; your children" to honor the priesthood; let us up to a take good care that our conversation and u rged the ladies to study politics more than higherstandard, - we have actions at home may be such that angels and they had done; referred to.its being St. Patrick's reached, learn where power emanates from, our Father in heaven may hear; do not feel daj, and the way in which politics had been and use it to benefit the world; not merely our discouraged, whatever may be placed upon run many years ago. Hoped members of the own and ourselves; one drop of water alone is our heads, let us not murmur, He will give us association would be punctual in attending the of little woith, but a union of a volume of tiny drops makes a mighty large meetings,' and study caret tilly tbe woman's power to bear it." ... power. "we to to attend this movement; every duty ought Apostle Lorenzo Snow; "looking upon Mtssembl me a refy .peraliarpeopleritafrs faithfulJyrfort Hye. and Dr. E. S.. Barney, etch made a few ' in Israelyl I pleasing remarks, after which the meeting was hope this is understood that you to improve." nt r lr e . . . .." . by-law- : ; --th- an -- JSawezeJ at-pre- sent ... 