WOMAN'S at their beautiful new cottage on Third Stree in this City. Both Mr. and Mrs. Home are well preserved for their years, and - no one would have judged the bride of fifty-fiv- e years to have been nearly the age she is.three score and twelve; she has a fine bright complexion and her hair has no tinge of gray. It is pleasant to con template such a long life of married happiness, and looking back over the years that are passed this venerable couple must have much to be grateful for, although in the changes that have taken EXPONENT 173 through trials that many women vould have sunk under, and yet she always Jooked upon them whk heroism and fortitude, and now in her seventieth year, she stands alone, as independent as the evergreen, tree, youthful in her spirit, cheerful in demeanor and gentle and gracious as though her grand and nobfe husband were still by her side to lean upon, though he has long since passed to "the other side." I need not enumerate those who were present most distinguished guests- place in this Church and they are both veterans were Zma D. H. Young, President of the Relief in tne cause, iney nave naa mucn to enaure, in Society and. Jane S, Richards her first Counselor, toil and privation. They have had a very large Bathsheba W. Smith herself being the second family fifteen children; twelve grew to manhood Counselor, and Sarah M. Kimball, the veteran and womanhood, and they have a great many Secretary j alsoMary lsbella Home, Treasurer grand children, in fact a numerous posterity upon of the Society, all of them grand Apostles of the the earth, all residing in the Rocky mountain faith. There were others present whose very a number settled around them. region,and quite presence was an inspiration and a charm, two of The party consisted of a few comparatively of our sweet women poets Lula Green Richards and their most intimate friends, those withjyhom they. "and- - Mrs- - Smith's had been -- associated in neighborhoods and in daughter Mrs. Bathsheba Merrill, now a silver- bonds of brotherly and sisterly love. haired matron, and granddaughters Alice and. 7 During the evening remarks were made by Maud, who waited upon the, guests in the most several brethren and sisters present, President delightful way, serving the appetizing viands and delicious fruits, cakes and creams in a natural, Angus M. Cannon being the first speaker; he re ferred to his boyhood when he had first known easy and dainty fashion. i - the host and hostess, and his pleasnnl recollec The evening was spent in conversation upon tions of Sister Home's associations with his various topics, also the renewing of old favorite aunt Leonora Taylor; he brought up such to the hostess reminiscences of the past as were suited to the whose long years of service in the Church have occasion and congratulated Brother and Sister only added dignity and saintiiness to her appearHome on their success in life, and especially in ance. A happy and peaceful spirit always pre- regard to their children. Thought it an example vades her home, and she ever has a smile and a in Israel. Elder Edward Stevenson followed in cheerful face, and words of encouragement to ' a similar strain and Bishop Geo. H. Taylor .made greet her friends and a lew remarks also, each one complimenting May her peaceful life continue to flow on in the Brother and Sister Home and offering the most same-eve-n channel, until she shall havefinished hearty congratulations. Sister Sarah M. Kimball her allotted time here on earth, and her usefulwho had, Sister Home thought, known her longer ness increase with her years ingiving'counsel and than any one of the guests present, spoke briefly imparting instruction and blessing the , daughters of Zion in her calling, as a Priestess in the House and of woman's position, and made some very good of the Lord: points. Sister Elmina Sr Taylor followed her - speaking-tenderlytbe lmdtherly advice and "in WHAT WE FOUND AT SISTER struction she had given to her that had been. BATHSHEBA'S. such a blessing and help. Sisters Smith and ' 'Twas Saturday, the second day of May; Richardson spoke in a sympathetic way also of e And Sister Bathsheba was next dayf the affection they cherished for her and the The evening came, and tired though we were, family. Mrs. Martha Home Tingey, their We went to pay our kind respects to her. , daughter, recited "The New" Church Oigan,"and Not kind respects alone, but heart felt love, their son Richard Home sang an Asking all blessings on her from above; For this dear Sister Saint, is one whose heart, song. Delicious refreshments were elegantly served In all pure,' truejiffection claims its part. the and a lively by And io her home, "where angels love to dwell, daughters and stream of conversation mostly upon the scenes of Of what we found I wish to briefly tell. the past and the changes that' had taken placer Little household angel, . was kept until a late hour, when the party was Painty, pure and weet; dismissed with a benediction by President Angus Springtime's loveliest emblem, M.Cannon. Babyhood complete: onlyjo-sayiamong-th- e , TO MY SISTERS OF THE RELIEF , SOCIETY. How pleasant to me is the sunshine. of thought and a devoted desire for the good of all humanity ; it dispels the clouds and the gloom that naturally hover around us selfish mortals. Did not all those, who were favored to be at the General Conference of the Church this month partake of the comforting influence that given to an present r ana ottered to the whole world of mankind. ve are laugni io cau upon " 00a wnue tie s near and seek Him when He is to "be found." I most humbly trust that my sisters will do this, -those who through toil and expense came from a distance being hungry spiritually, were fed 'with : the bread of life," and I hope have taken home - with them sufficient to impart to those who were , . as-so-treely precious things, like looking in the glass and turning away forget what we saw therein, but be able to treasure up the words of wisdom we heard and continue to be even more faithful in all ttiings that another Conference may bring us still nearer in spirit to become what our Father in heaven -- mily-HillWoodmansee, ; -- co-labore- rs: attain to aided by His spirit, faithful to the end of our lives; that the sunshine of truth may ever light our path and we as a band of sisters be united in attending to all our dailv duties, that we may be one in our desires, and firm in our purposes, and as President Taylor used often to say for us "the kingdom of God or nothing." God has truly manned the ship of Zion with order and e the storms strength, that she has thus far has made ,and headway against the waves of persecution that have rolled high around her threatening swift destruction. The invitation has been extended to many of the peoples of the world, to out-rod- auu ace v iiiv uuu uunr iui 111s ..... herein the mountains; and although the of - sixty-nin- -- old-fashion- mirth-provoki- " ed ng grand-daughte- rs 2 "" - - A PLEASANT PARTY. A very pleasant . omitn on the eveninor nf the sprnnri nf iVIav tn rele-brate the 69th anniversary of her birth. All those assembled were particular; friends of hers, and some of them had bein associated with her for many long years in labors of love; several of these sisters had been acquaintances or neigh, bors away back in Nauvoo in the early days of the Church. r ' is : "Sister Bathsheba" as she best known, (that name being more distinctive than the other) has had iresDeCLs a r r. 4 ' j owing mainly to her even temperament and cheer ful disposition. She is one of those or evenly balanced persons, that little, things do not ruffle, and that even great troubles do not overwhelm with doubt and melancholy. In fitCLsheJa a Htrf:? Irew v mssie-rnA -manv well-organize- m!-K- 1 JfcA W tifr W W d f - Tokens too of Summer, Beautiful and chaste, Pleasing to the senses, "" Luscious to the taste; V ith delightful fitness, Free from worldly-prideHer child and her child's children. , Lovingly provide. ; Then, our own Bathsheba, (Fancy thus conceives,) Stands like glorious Autumn, Witb4ts golden sheaves. r in Sometime the future, Winter will have set His white crown upon her. But he hasn't yet; She's the Autumn May Queen, In whose praise we've met. 1.. iinw, n t affec-. ' . ' ' --- " -- - ; so perfectly organized,-watchover and pro- - ' icuicu as ine saints, it their dear fathers have to be absent from them.or even go to prison for the principles they nave embraced blessings are in store according to the things they ouuci. iviuiucis wuo nave 10 ion on with their ; little ones lonely, God will be with them, and if they are patient and humble, He will pour- out ... .... u ;. .i uicaaiuga upoa mem; ana tneir children will grownup to be good and, honorable men and women. Sisters let us not be discouraged, we are a practical people and must prove our faith by our works of obedience, as it is a world of toil and hardship for a saint indeed. Vv..VkJf a4C cudgcu in a laoor ot iove in looking after, the. Door, camfnrtin - w. "VS Z anaj allii who are m;t rln.i-- th 1UILC UI I II ut: -. 'LA. Y ... rr . .... iL..-!lJ puuiuu ui ucavcu, ,inai wiu prouuee us eiiect; and by peace in our hearts amidst heavy responsibilities, we shall not be forsaken. With the changes that have been brought about many of ray sisters are now left lonely, with their precious ! Children dn nnt he r)inrona Ko uui yiAyast uue 10 yourselves m virtue ana in- -, tegrity, and you will not be cast down, for the Dromises UttlA nnc Voir vnur i V4WkV iWttl " are for JVrtll rnrl fnr jvi-I not. Excessive pride has been and is a great snare to many people, to be humble before God and grateful for His blessings, is the safe path to walk in, for through our deepest afflictions, if we will not murmur at His providences, come the bright rays of the sunshine of His Holy spirit, Ex perience is wealth, is knowledge, let us toil on and faint not by the way; oft gather with our little ones, in their Primary meetings, hear their SWr?pt VnirP? Sincrmtr tf ennrre nf 7irn ml, elevate their pure minds, teach them true princi- - - U ed : - i-- -- - -ia- ',.;, -- party of ladies met by invitation at the residence of Mrs. Bathsheba V. .... Never fairer blossom, On the. earth has smiled, Than our hostess' darling, Tiny great grand-child. govern- ment has lessened our family circles, the . p. .uci " Kiwii . n .A iiiivury iJV- -l m 