f 1 , KM ;..:t:---,:-- VoL- - -- Ml OJK J The Rights of the,. IP omen of Zion, and the Rights, of the Women of - 20v nn . " all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY 1,1891. ; No. 1. ' musters, were all the go they say, glorous Fourth was'nt celebrated slow; Earnest demonstrations made patriotism grow. Every human creature,, the oldest to the babe, Drank ifs inspiration, helped tos well, the grand parade, Summer Vacation Aunt Em. A Few Reflections M E. Kimball. Memorial Day E. B.W E.B. An Interesting Party writing iiithe.sad,umring rhymes and ballads that have immortalized the seashore as well as the poet who wrote them, perchance faraway from Jhe seashore Jtself;or, wander Jnss.general The v CONTENTS." " . Then the cannonading, and beacon fires glow, Roused the whole creation,one hundred years ago. "Our Fathers where are they?'1 who struggled on for years Toiling for a country, 'mid blood and sweat and tears, Sustained the declaration, only fought for right, For God, for home and freedom, united in theirrnight ... Firmly laid foundation, that liberty might grow, R. S. Reports Bear Lake. Primary Fair, Hyrum Social Hall E. B. W. Notes and News. Editorials: Notice to Agents. Significance of the Times. Old Folk's Red Letter Day. Poetry. A Hundred Years or So L. M. eir "pr ogreSi very slow :S H ew li ngs.- - Words - of-eer E roily-- I mansee. Springville's Song of Welcome Wm. Of their sowing and reaping, sickle scythe, and flail, While fleeing through the country; riding on a rail. Clegg. Old Folk's Song Henry W. Naisbitt. Wondrons have one hundred VV. Mesa Jr-Vo6- cP:' 1 -- startled by the glare of some handsome serpent and here methinks one might moralize, for there are a sort of serpents- whose charms arc not: only poisonous but fatal, who frequent summer resorts, but we will let that pass now, ajd only speak of tired people and their ',;:.;.' places of resting, while they breathe in with summer idleness intoxicating draughts of n heavy fragrance, sweet with all the sweets of things happened years now woods and shrubs and flowery perfumes. These . . gone, seekers of pleasure, try to forget the toils and Quarrels and dissensions on Uncle Samuel's firm. bustle of the cumbrous, noisy machinery of Now the sheller and the reaper play an active parj. active business life, and often care not even Then neither would been known from Noah's ancient ark: for the daily papers, but amuse themselves in Lightning speeding messages sent around the globe, various idle ways, as though life had no higher Great countries unknown then, now opened and explored. aim than to banish care. It may be that to Steam power perfected and kingdoms overthrown; Yet one thing is certain the world has not outgrown, linger thus in" some secluded spot, amid the Since the pair turned from Eden to toil, till and plan; beautiful, near nature's heart, passive if not forgetful,-exhiIaratand strengthens the mind Old time has never faltered in reproducing man. Still human nature lives, tho' fashions come and go, as well as the" body for the harder, fiercer conhas it one flicts wieh which all must sometime contend hundred years ago? Query! improved, since Roll down the magic curtain," we'll view the scene apart unless life be like a smooth, summer sea withThe question is before you; answer from the heart. out scarce a ripple; but our lines here are not L. M. Hewlings. usually so serene and placid, we wot not what the future may be, but are happier in believAtchison, Kans. ing that we shall not be weary there in the "great beyond," that all tears will be wiped away, that the flowers will bloom forever and SUMMER VACATION; summer win oe eieruat, ana pleasures never v r; We are drawing near the summer, vacation. pall, chomt:'CMeie8" and umveHFiies "are The rose leaf must fall, about closing, or. have already finished the last But in that borne joy wears no shroud, semester and have held their graduating exmile-iiQ-n- Gh amoD g4 he- - h i Is, res t i ng- -i n sh ad y-- n ooksand dells, soothed by the songs of birds and often - cr -- :A HUNDRED YEARS-O- SO. R Roll up the curtain, backward turn ther wheels of time One hundred years, or so ago, todays of "Auld Lang . Syne" " t and loom were the fashion of the day, All the folks wore homespun and women raked .the hay. Mixed their bread in kneading troughs, --yellow corn and Spinning-whe- el ' v' rye, Baked in huge brick ovens, " with pudding, beans and es . pie, ' Rich pumpkin pie,-th; golden crown of every feast, And then, their famous dinners, regular boiled dish, Luscious vegetables of every kind then known, ' Corned beef, mutton, pork, fairly made the tables groan. Piled high on pewter platter three feet by four, 5earous mags of eider could any ask for Women milked the cows then at eventide and morn, Made the butter and the cheese, often hoed the corn. rr.ubbed 4he oots as while .with sand, Skipped barefooted o'er the mead, Queen of all the land. distributed-the- ir ercises. .The- - teachers-hav- e JMade hats, Jjonnets too, cut stra Small time for dress parade, in those old days gone by, prizes for essays, readings and speeches, and normal students received their certificates, the Banged hair was then unknown, men only wore the cue, Plaited ribbon bowed like our modern pigtailed crew, -valedictory has been read by some talented Fun they had at "raisings", big jolly times, they say, young lady in white, with soft creamy lace Men and boys the country round.out for one whole day, and a flatter of ribbons, and the usual exclaSome at "kilting bees", hogs slaughtered by the dozens, mation from the young men "how pretty,", Portions sent to neighbors, uncles, aunts and cousins, and so forth, and the farewells have been gone Huskings, quiltings, apple bees, work combined with through, some tears shed and a great many '"'r''' ' " :. sport, kisses exchanged (among the girls, of course), There was where the old folds say, Cupid held his court. with fervent promises to write often. Possibly in rides over winter snow and time, Charming sleet, these students need a vacation and a some Wrapped in robes of buffalo, furnace.at their feet. rest-b- ut there are many others, too, who need Horses spirited and gay, bells deep merry chime, it as much, and it may be more,- - people who Glad hearts beat in unison sweeping on in line, Lneed-- tr reruiiafter Jong and tteady appiica-"- " the prompter 'call T tion to business. Does any one need change "Scotch reel'' or ,(Money musk," "choose your partners the and rest more than the the e - ffiori'"' . ' " . tf ; mother, Huge pine knots light up the house, tallow-di- p or whale, Homeward bound at dawning light, thereby hangs a tale. jCjMhmajfouf Jn;Jn4-0f-six- r heror thetiay , - - -- r wife, one to whom all the household look for every comfort in the home? And yet how often it up an3 put away, to Tepair and while other members of the family go pleasuring "over the hills .and far away.": reli,o it is, and so it will be until women think of their own health and1 the necessity of economizing strength, nerve force, and brain power that they may prolong their own lives, which sacrifice -t- hem - to the iaq ' selfishness of others. But" leaving "" this vexed question of the rights of mothers for future discussion we will go back to the topic summer vacation People of leisure go to the seaside, or into the mountains, to escape the heat and dust, to rest weary mind and over wrought brain; to loiter on the beach and catch the soft, invigorating sea breeze, occasionally 'gathering shells" or . re-arran- Toots his horn, and cracks his whip, "all must clear the Sixty miles, a wondrous trip; passengers and mail Shades of Ceaser! wha then thought of riding on a rail? In winter's drifting snows, to clear the road to school, Sturdy oxen beat the track, strong-- hands plied the tools. Three months of summer, the same in winter taught, jQmteenough oMeaching The pupils Eden was the spelling match at night, Crown of all their studies .that gaveTthem most delight, Many there were mated their legends tell us so! , They married then for love, one hundred years agdf " On oaken settles seated, fronting fires glow, Toasting apples, cracking nuts, spinning" flax or tow, While their sires repeated deeds of volor done, Clearing up the wilderness, making Redcoats run. Rallying days they had election came in May,-- - uite-s-noble-as- -to - . . - - Cut while we remain in this probation we are very susceptible to annoyances and excitement some perhaps more than others, bUt all more or les, and there are many ups and downs, hard knocks and hurtful wounds, that need careful and tender treatmentfand consequently that comas from forces we need help, well developed and thoughts well defined; and we need to have self control, and to have this concentrated power, there must be an equilibrium, a self poise that can only be attained when all the vast machinery of the human system works harmoniously; no organ, no will be "functi the inevitable result. Following thi3 course of reasoning, it must be true that those who take proper rest and recreation are best fortified for every emer-'eney and ean endure reaterBtrain of mental , and physical power,and still maintain a dignity of balance, a placidity or solidity that those are not equal to. and These summer vacations may leave or create a reserve force for future consumption that is not supplied to those who keep jip an incessant and continuous labor year after year, wearing away the vitality that-i- f frugally used might prolong life and usefulness. However, circum- -' stances control these summer vacations with a 4arge class of people. Some event; transpires that gives time and opportunity for the relief nature requires, and thus without planning and exertion the needed relief pr pastime comes. We call this chance, and yet we cannot but feel that in the great struggle for mastery right ometiraea conquers might in unseen ways, self-hel- p ; over-taxe- d over-worke- -- 1 d -- " 