EX PON EN Tl WOMAN'S 'J accomplish it.' This spirit to educate the masses to the idea that a few have received, as it were by revelation, is fast gaining ground; slowly and surely the seed is being, sown and the harvest will be a surprise to those of little faith. Meantime women should work diligently, and silently if necessary, to; prepare themselves for the issues at hand whether local or national, and seek to comprehend the great questions that are agitating the political world. Many women are ignorant of the simplest laws relating to their own individual rights and the rights of property. Somebody brings them a paper to sign asks them for their signature, and even without reading the article or agreement and regardless of the consequences the pen is taken and the name written, . when perhaps by simply witholding the signature, the most serious consequences might have been ' averted. This is not an idle tale but a stem reality, a stubborn fact. Women; do not look into these mat(ers"as" they ' sn6uld, ihe"vriter knows of an instance where the husband and father of a family when on "a drunken spree"; sold the cow one day and the next day the home; the wife was sitting milking the cow when the man who had bought her came to take her away and she was utterly powerless to prevent it; the next day, men came to tell her that she must leave the house, they had bought and paid for it, she remonstrated, but 1 to no purpose, and before that man (husband and father) had come to his senses again, the wife and children were homeless"; in the state where this circumstance transpired the law has been materially changed through the intercession and petitioning of woman suffragists. And yet with these facts staring them in the face, women will say, they do not want the ballot, they are willing to leave such matters in the hands of men. Whenever we hear women reason thus, we know that they are ignorant of the conditions of women and abroad; such women "should be '"gdti"' cated if possible in that which pertains to the g social and moral of womankindand . even though she may think it only her rightful ' ... heritage. The sleep that has fallen uponjherace, women as well as men, has been so deep and ab Editor. EMMEUAE ?. WELLS, sorbing that they only- - awaken as from a night mare, alarmed at the grow,th of ideas and it will Published In Salt Lake City, Utah Terms ne copy ono year, f 1.00; .one copy e!x months, 50 eta. No "take time to bring them out of the stupor back redaction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, to their primeval condition.. Some have awakened extra for postage one year, 25 cts. early in the morning of these changes, and these Advertising rates: Each pquare, ten lines of nonpareil are the pioneer workers men and women bringing pace, one time, $2.50; per month, 83.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. "to pass the revolution' in politics and morality. Ex foment offiee,No. 25 K, South Templa Streetsecond that is to. redeem society from the evils under gate east of Deseret News Office. Business hours from V) a.m which it has been laboring so long. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday will be essential, the united and : r Address all business communications to ' PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, organized effort of both men and women. This will be the lever that will move the great ob Salt Lake City. Utah. stacles out of the pathway of legitimate progress Entered at the Tost Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, cut Second Class flatter. ,' in all that will tend to 'the. advancement of the state or the nation and the purification of the 1 89 1. homeland of society. Men and women do their Salt Lake, City, July best work together, for as the Scriptures tell us "Man is not without the woman nor the woman NOTICE TO AGENTS. without the man in the Lord." Neither can one do any important work without the other, the The subscribers and agents of the Exponent and the spiritual forces must both harin the several localities will please notice that it physical monize and be properly adjusted,--if any great is time to renew subscriptions and to pay up struggle is on hand. , arrears, and we hope and trust that there will be Our readers will remember in this connection a special interest taken in the paper because of the story of the deliverance of Israel by Borak its being the official organ of the Relief Society he refused to go to battle without Deborah and also as it is the only publication in Utah that when and said unto her "If thou wilt go with me, then keeps posted on the Woman Suffrage question, I will go ; but if thou wilt not go with me, then I and that takes pains to publish for the Primary will not go." Associations. The Woman's Exponent has an 'And Deborah went up with him." All who established reputation outside among the woread the Bible know the result of this enterprise men's papers, and has been the means of adverand how they praised the Lord in song afterwards tising the status of the women of Utah more and it was called "the song of Deborah and than any other periodical. This is not an asserBarak." tion without proof. It is placed on the list of exIt is true the argument is brought forward that changes of prominenFpapers in England as well this was an exceptional case, and that Barak was as America, and in its columns the women of a woman to go up with him to Zion.have an opportunity to express ther ideas to a coward to want Woman's Exponent. semi-monthl- y, r Co-operati- . : -- - . , the , world.-- The Kvalue f apublitratton f ths J?attle, ta to do this great work; and the sisters and the Lord inspired her kind can hardly be verse of the 5th chapter of Judges it should be alive to the importance of this , mattei in the. 7th, and increase-theireffoTt- s toenlage "therireulatiw jrjead&.Jbeiinnahit in until that I Deborah arose and make it more attractive in appearance which they ceased Israel, the exertion that'liarosea'MotherlnIsraeir cannot :"be"dnewH6uTOney, Who does not know at a later time the history were made generallyfrns could be accomplished of Joan of Arc? successfully. Will each agent try what can be And yet men in this nineteenth century bring dote in her particular locality to secure more up the paltry plea against woman suffrage, that subscribers; li.oo'a year is very little to give towards supporting a literary enterprise. Send in they are the protectors of women. In thousands of instances men need women to early as possible, with the money, do your lists-aprotect them, and prevent them from committing not delay. grievous wrongs? It is the restraining influence from evil that SIGNIFICANCE OF THE TIMES. women' possess that protects men and it is an ele ment that is needful in political as well as Wherever the ballot has been given to woman,. to go into details to. ociaUifelUs whether for special purposes or equal suffrage, the this fact, the proofs are all around if one is - best- -r esultspossible"h3TeeerrbtaiGed,rid prove . : : not to blind to see. opponents to woman suffrage are unable to point Ai iu tuc &igmut;im;e ui me iiraes wnen in out disastrous consequences, because of woman's twenty-si- x states of this union women are allowed vote. It is without doubt a time in he history of to vote on some questions, and almost every day nations, when woman's voice, her influence and brings news of some victory for woman in the necessary to accomplish th e direction of progress, what, may not be expected grand achievements and reforraations,morally and and what, will be the uttimatim? It will be politically that are on the tapis. rThe time is fast equality before the law, and that will bring about ' approaching when men will find woman's help many radical changes for the better, and woman'? necessary and they will undoubtedly ask for it, place will be by the side of man, his counselor, and then let woman be prepared" to maintain the his helpmeet, his companion, as much in the position, and advantages that wUl be offered political as in the social world. So far all along the way of proatid although the day is h astening-ogress she has had to contend for her just rights, women of Utah may deem the time afar off and demand recognition, but it will not always be of ,the Peculiar conditions existing- herer will will be men for it their seethat own gdod yet in the time when "a nation shall be born so; in a and the uplifting of humanity to acknowledge day" what may not transpire in other respects? woman's equality, and even already they are There is something important expected of woman in this day, or she would not bave slowly awaking to tBTs supreme fact, and eventuwakened to of the conflict and felt the need of ally they will reach out the "olive-branc- h pushing forward peace," to woman and whenever this transpires, to the issue, as it is manifest she has done. So as it surely will, we trust woman's intuition will we conclude there is special work for women, and lead her to accept gracefully the proffered favor, J their best efforts must be brought into exercise to at-ho- me - over-estimate- d, well-bein- inat-"''-- .55!5ll9l3pmans.h being made to advance in the scale of human progression. - EDITORIAL NOTES. The Relief Society Conference of Weber Stake was held in the Tabernacle in Ogden City on Thursday, June 18, Pres. Jane S. Richards s not-necessa- -- ry -- Al 1 -- -The n, be-cau- ?e - -- presiding. Apostle F. D. Richards was present and addressed the meeting in a very interesting ' ' manner. . "i The news from Canada of a little son born to MrsrinaYi Card on the 9th will be very the relatives and friends of her gratifying.to mother Pres. Zina D. H. Young, who left here on " the 13th of May last, to visit her daughter in her Northern home. Mrs.. Young arrived there on '''.:the 19th of Maj she will very likely spend the -- of-Jun- e . summer months in that delightful climate, and return home in time to make some visits to organi zations outside :SaltLake,w ward to her coming previous the October Con ference. Meantime the sisters everywhere will be glad to know that she is well, and sends her love and blessing to them all. On tMonday afternoon June 15th, the Relief Society of the 16th Ward- of this city held its annual meeting in the Ward meeting house, Mrs. Diana Reid presiding. There, were present as visitors, Mrs. M. I, Home, Mrs. B. W. Smith, Mrs Jane S. Richards and the writer,also Bishop Kesler. Brief remarkswere made by each of the. visitors, the President Mrs. Reid, and others upon subjects of special interest to the Society and after the close of the meeting the officers - . - 