WOMAN'S T NEWS FROM HOME; . ' .'Anna's babe u dead 1" is thefirst sad' news to. hear; Though to us he is a stranger, yet we cannot stay the tear. Jot 'tis just one short week ago they laid in her narrow bed Another of their darlings, and now their babe is dead,-An- d we feel for the fathers anguiih, and the mother's n heart-broke- As we kiss . t . .. who "vv iNot me young, xenacr maid who've .'bedient been-T,wui-- r counsel given, and who have thus lived lives ' 115 r-- andcliildreu- - withtQ iU - vast capacities, if it pleases God to give thern to hiin. Somo nieu that they can't love but are so narrow-mindeono ..woman-aonce, but it should not bo bo.. How beautifnl it must be when largo families can come together in the harmony of beautiful lovs, though now denied that preciou3 blessing, such can say and truly too, let us live our short o uvea luuii CLUiiULj luajf uii.jr pyiuugation of unstinted affection happy'indeed are" such. Ob, that there were more of them! When we step out of this existence those who have obeyed the celestial law will not be curtailed in their privileges or right3,but a higher power than man's will govern and control all things and we shall be satisfied. . o ' Of truth, and honor, and purity so bright, That, though life is sweet, its joys entrancing, They need not fear, the world beyond U d t li-- ht. ( woe cur babe's upturned face, and think if he should go Across the "Valley of Death," though to her a blessedTest, How hard 'twould be for us to feel that God knows what - . "tun. uean.' EXPONENT. is best. Those m their prime, and, too, in middle age, Who m their lives have trials and troubles seen, ' Who've stemmed temptation's tide and struggled onward, hy need they feat, if they b3 called by thee.' But calmly go, to take their rest in Heaven, And all their dear ones gone before to see. And then the old, whose tired feet have trod The long and weary journey to old ' age, Who've lived according to the light they had. . Whose hearts are true and consciences are clear; How willingly they lay the burden' down To dwell with Christ in a far happier jip&reltL-r- Janet has a lover and they say he's good and clever." Shy, quiet Janet, I did not think that ever Herieart could be won, but I trust 'twill brin her bliss And that he may prove worthy of a "maTd as pure as this. . j"Josie has married and gone to a distant land," Woo'd and won by a stranger affable and bland, Has left a sonwinmolherarxdJricndj protecting carie; : " More Anon. v rr tv Who then, need fear thee? Those .they "WEo're yielded to the tempter's wily .snares -- n rTTTATn in i nfir no TTf A T T OnTue. Dec. 30th, 1890, according to the tho wish of Bishop Solomon, the sisters r Can he be trusted ? is he noble, good and true ? Relief Society of the 22nd ward got up a Or will after life bring sorrow with unavailing tears ? feast for the poor, and all of the ward who Ah rae I think that this is the very saddest news; wished to participate with them in tho new Mary Fenton Hayes. For with our hope and good wiihes we still have many, Salt Lake City. Ino young ladies had Meeting House. fears. . decorated the Hall and it pjesented a beauti "Mother says she wishes that you folks far away ful appearance; the teachers had visited their Would come in and see her and have a holiday." A .WOMAN'S OPINION. respective blocks and notified the people if who has Dear, darling Mother, pissed three score and they wished to contribute to send in their Woman's r ten, Editor Exponent: picnic in the morning. The people responded Still lovei her "childremature.gray-bearde- d men .There has been a great deal said of late liberally and tho tables were filled with good And woratn that are mothers and past all youthful bloom. about Woman's .Rights. We believe in her things. At about two o'clock they sat dpwn having all the rights she 13 entitled to, and to dinner when the Bishop a3ked a blessing, So it is the whole world over, a great deal more than what she gets, and we and with happy countenances and smiliog To tht absent well loved rover. also wish to say, that as women of Utah have face3 they partook of the bounties of the earth. Be there sadness, be there sorrow, to be subject to the laws as well a3 others,"aud Be there grave doubts of the morrow; At five o'clock ther wa3 an intermission of liable are to punishment for breaking them, In the thought of future meeting two hour3 and the hall was cleared ready for least And the thought f kindly greeting. they at ought to have' the privilege of dancing, which commenced about seven o'clock. Oh 'tis Joy thus to receive, There was a large assembly of old and helping to make them; while at the same time Tho the message oft time grieve, we believe that a woman's highest calling is in to join in the, dance. Jt, xeminded mo , joung The latest news from friends at home.' 'her home,"yet"it ij-'no 'means llieoniyone- - of old times when the prophets and apostles used to join with us iu the dance.' It continued E. T. mat education nas mtea ner 101 There are political and religious rights and until twelve o'clock when it closed with liberties - that need bs spoken about Hand prayer, and tney all went home "feeling thankalso in and Woman Suffrage work ful for the many blessings they enjoyed in mind, kept CONSOLATION. r care. ! WWfeslened so far ia wickedness and sin That they do fear to die, lest they receive Just punishment as dues for sins committed, For God, they know, they never can deceive. jf - :ff by t- obe Jookedaftry What art thou, Death, that men doth fear thee so ? Why dread they with such shrinking thine approach ? Art thou some goblin grim, some monster fearful That prison souls of men in dungeons foul. In order that thou mayest, like fiend incarnate, Torture thera, and mock with glee demoniacal Or, rather, art thou not a messenger from God, Who'rt sent to call us from this vale of tears-T- ell us our work is done, our life is finished; That we've fulfilled our measure of creation , the used have AndjAojraJo.'HJrjj, how we agency Which He did give us", with our life and station? And women in the darkest hour of adversity, every true wife and mother i3 expected To it, 'tis but a going to sleep, to wake - -Upon a brighter shore, in angels arms Where it shall ne'er know sorrow, pain or grief, Safe sheltered from earth's cold and bitter storms. to-morr- It's way into our warmcst,tenderest love; And then to die, and leave us here to mourn ' ? Ob, know ye not, ye weak, short-sighte- d mortals That thy sweet babe, which thou would'st fain keep here, Was once a spirit, which till now has waited Aaouslyto-Uke-a4o- hereon " earth. TV,. n migpi men return and fill the mission dy -- , .- Itoaty could attain to through a birth? ability for such work. We also believe it is a woman 3 right to have a h usband and home of her own, and a right to have children to grace that home with, for the love of her offspring is one of the strongest instincts implanted in women, there i3 nothing that can compensate her for the want of them. They are necessary to her and her husband's happi-- ' ness. Well, as mothers in Israel we know they are the Lord's heritage, and "Happy is the man that hath jhis quiver full of them." ' I Adelaide Ridqes, ' ; It knew no sin, but went back to iti Maker T and.holy, :and free from guile and stain. And 'tis become a link between our hearts and Heaven, To draw our minds from petty earthly cares And centre thera above, in Heaven's realms For where our treasure is, so will bu hearts be there. io b'enirhTme"nd'"Bve"Eer TamlTy aroundT her. Oh woman! what would the world be without her. But how is it with some of. the lords of creation, they think that, a woman should nave.no. individuality, of. her own:.some of them are very fond of trying to reduce their wive3 to a state ot unquestionable obedience, in fact treating them as if they were creatures possessed of no brains hopes, orideas of their own. Woman's privileges indeed should be talked1 about before such men? -- Oh, no, she must stay at home and attend to her family duties, and if she finds-- it very hard she must not grumble, but seekihe patience of Job, and tho courage Tof Dantel, to enable her to bear all thing3 in an humble and submissive way." What a good- - thing it is such : men are few and far between in the Church Saints. I feel of Jesus Christ of Latter-davery thankful that I live iu an age when some of the noblest of mankind live on the earth; who are wi io glaACfflmlJsiJtor proper sphere. A man's heart ought to be y 11 hold many jarge enough to grasp and wives Sec. KOTES AND NEWS. The recently-forme- d Georgia Woman Suffrage Association has become auxiliary to the National-American- . Rev. Anna II. Shaw, Mrs. Clara B. Colby and Mis3 Lucy E. Anthony "received" at the Rigg3 House in Washington - on - New - Year's Day, SasanB." Anthony; Miss Shaw will give a fortnight to in jyprk in. Canada, beginning ' iirtho-absenc- Who then have need to fear thee? Not the young Why weep we then with such a bitter mourning W'hea Death pur pure babe hath called away? And ask, 'Oh, why was it e'er given to us " Omly to stay awhile, till it had won ih e Tf-Miss to-morr- Toronto. Mb3. . Charity Hathaway, of Beemer Hill Sullivan Co. Pa;, is said to be the only woman in the country who is by profession a jtrapper and lleaier"infaw" nearly $450 from the sale of furs and ginseng root. Most of the furs were obtained by her. self : y.-.:- . General Spinner, who secured the admission of women as clerks in the U. S. Treasury, was a strong believer in equal rights for women in every respect. He said of himself with pride: "In the first Congress of 7hich I was a member, I voted for Lucrctia Mott for Chaplain to the Housof Repfesentativesr Iti the next jfota was xast- farXiUcy-Sto-ne the next Congress", I voted for a man fsr chaplain; so I stand recorded twico for women, to only once for a man. That is about the way feel now. My sympathies have always been SoI :ba ve al ways been in favor of, a3 the English man expresses it 'the under dog.' " Con-grcssm- - I y ' 