WOMAN'S EXPONENT 92 HM h Y PH ft W T T'C A EMMELAE T Editor, rf. WELLS, Salt Lake City, Dteh Terms: ene copy one year, $1.00; one copy fix months, 50 els. No reduction mode for elula. City paper delivered .by .mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cis. T: of nonpareil lines Advertising rates: Rich square, teu A liberal discount 'space, one time. SSJAK tw?r month. 53,00. to regular ad vei Users. office,. No. 2ft E., south Temple Street, second hour" from 10 n.m. cate casto! Deret News Office. ft to p.m. every day, except Sunday; , . Add rev all husiness communications to PlJJtUSHER WOMAN'S EXPONBNT, : fublisbed Exi-one- semi-monthly.l- n nt , 8 Lake City Utah. alt Entered at the I'ost Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as Salt Lake December City, 15, 1891. CHRISTMAS TIME. Dear old Santa Claus and the blessed Christmas are always welcome; they bring peace and good will the message of the angels. Joy and gladness to the lowliest cot and the humblest household. The Savior's mission meant as much and was as effectual to the poor as to the rich, salvation to all who receive it, and walk in his footsteps; and so down through the ages ring the on earth, and glorious words peace and good-withis is what we hear in the intonation when the bells ring on Christmas morn. Joy to the world for a Savior is born. ll "That to the cottage as the crown Brought tidings of salvation down All over the glorious land wherever Christ's message has been proclaimed is this day observed .with festive celebrado mony. In England perhaps more than any other country the day is honored appropriately by bestowing gifts upon the poor. The rich who are romttmKar fit a rirei'rrtAnIjnc citron c o TrJ rr poor, on Christmas, this is proverbial, and the custom is fast gaining ground in America. It is good for the rich, whose coffers overflow, to remember those who are not so highly favored by the fickle goddess fortune; ana it is also good for all whatever their worldly circumstances may be to remember those around them, who may not be so pleasantly situated as themselves, or even, though, they are, it is comforting to any of us .to know that there are others who feel in sympathy with us, and show kindly feeling even once a year. It is at any rate a good thing to look around and see, if there. is not some goodly way iu "u11.11 uuv, iclu ibuuki ao3i9iauv.c ui utoiuvi a . . r i ir or 11 ravor oiessing upon a oroiner or sisier; ior we are all brothers and sisters, children of the same heavenly parent)" in some delicate manner that will elevate and ennoble the giver and happify J 1 i ' 1 ' 1 the receiver. "The poor ye have always with you," our Savior said on one occasion, and it is verily so, for if there are none who lack food "and raiment," there are those who are poorer still, who have sorrows That call for kindness and sympathy. And to the sorrowing and the mourner, what tnore blessed,boon than that b.f love and friend ship. That charity that is more than the giving of alms. ; But one should not dwell upon the dark and gloomy' si Jeof life at Christmas time, but present the gay and brilliant, the bright and cheerful at any rate there should at least be a time of rejoic-in- g now and then.for the world is full of sorrows, and the blessed rtTnembrance of a loving Savior's birth, should bring with it a feeling of joy and pleasure to every human heart, a foretaste of &nd wnere all may enter heaveu where who follow in his footsteps. He-dwell- s to iflustrat& fireside pictures in' Holiday books over and over anin and it' will last while the English language is spoken. It is only three paragraphs but tells so much in such a wonderful way. Here are a few lines that cannot be mistaken in their meaning:. ' "Heap on more wood! the wind is chill; The people who dwell in these mountain vales have much to be grateful for even though they have some things not so agreeable. The children for instance, their playhouses overflow' on Christmas day, Santa Claus has been very lavish in his regular supplies for the last few years, and our children of the present know very little of what the generation now grown up experienced in the early years in these valleys. Some of the many little stockings that were-hunup around the primitive fire places were very scantily filled "and" others perhaps not at all. The mothers in those days didn't go out looking .for Santa Claus, but many an earnest and heartfelt prayer was offered with tearful eyes and sorrowing heart, that the little ones might be happy and contented on Christmas day with what little it was possible to bestow. Mothers often studied long and hard over these little things that are settled now without the least -f difneultyrragdollsin those days filled thepracer-othe "regular beauties"we hear of so often now, with .molasses werei and cakes and candy-mad- e much more common than with sugar, for if we had sugar in those days we piid an enormous price for it, and it was rarely used for cake. But the children were as happy as though they had all the goodies in the world, and there was not nearly ',u' Outlet it whistle as it will, .. V'e'll keep our Christmas merry still, A nd" aga i n he ' ' The fire with welL dried logs supplied, Went roaripg up the chimney wide; The hue oaken face Scrubbed till it shone the day to grace, Bore then upon its massive board No mark to part the squire and lord. Then was brought tn the lu.ty brown, Hy old - blue-coate- serving man; d 7'hen. the grim boar's head, frowned on high. Crested ell can the green-garberanger tell, How when.and where the monster fell; What dogs before his death he tore, And all the baiting of the boar. The wassel round in good brown bowls, Garnished with ribbons, blithely trowls. There the huge sirloin reeked; hard by Plum porridge stood; and Christmas pie; Nor failed old Scotland to produce, At such high-tid- e her savoury goose. d ialways-be- st besides eating and drinking,and the little children are as capable of bestowing good gifts and making acceptable the good cheer as older people-somet- imes even more so. Home should be a sort ofsanctuary at such times where love sits at the feast and sweetens every dish partaken of Children can make the heart of father and mother Indeed gladder than all earthly blessings. He also tells us of savage tribes in those olden times, with what festivity they made merry. The; pioneers here could tell some 'delightful things of festive and social amusements, simple perchance but nevertheless interesting. It may be the days are not far enough removed as vet. "for everything olcf is the fashion nowadays, a few years later these tales may be more acceptable than they would be evennow, but who will "be able to tell them a! vi el L Qur own newspapers, magazines and children's books ought to abound with stories, poems, dialogues and dramas from the experience of our own people, not to same- ucs, uuui ieasi wen sprinKiea in,tnat tne nistory written hereafter may have plenty of matter to make a rich variety. , The songs of a people or a nation are always indicative of their character and lives, and have lived long after the nation in many instances; so should this people have a history in poetry as well as in prose, and songs that may be sung long after the writer has lain down to sleep in his last earthly resting place. Who is to write these songs if not the children of the early settlers? Are not they the ones who should have the honor? - was once a babe, and his birth was lowly; He came hdfto a- lordly mansion but in a stable thoughjbe was king of ail. There are so many beautiful books for children now so much done for them in every way, and on every day, that it seems almost impossible to make Christmas even a holiday, But if they can do something themselves, can divide of their own with an othe r, can c he er some on e's heart wh o is sick and lonely.of in sorrow, can speak kind and loving words at home, cheer up the home, brighten the faces of those around them with gracious and graceful acknowledgements of kind ness and love shown to them, these little things will be remembered more than the costliest gifts - or the daintiest luxury. Our sisters who are young women now and recollect those childish days, could tell many pleasing tales of their, own experience tthose: times, and it would be very pleasant if they would write them up for the home papers, that the children of today might have more true stories to read and less idle trash, than is usually the case. Children are always anxious to know if a story is true, and truth is always more acceptable, and makes a better impression; and good and lasting impressions made early in life are the sure foundations of character. Any story well told will live, a true description of scenes and incidents lives in history and becomes a part of history itself. Now that the history of Utah is to be written 25 5?ious we all feel that it should be not only JnteresTing, but'shoufd give the true idea of the early times of the people here. Their merrymaking, their festivities, as'well as the soberer and more adventurous part of their former life. Sir Walter Scott in his poem of Marmion has given a pen picture of Christmas in the biden time in Scotland and the British Isles that any one can almost see it over again wherrreading it, ! so intensely real has he made it It has been used well-rememb"er- says: hall-table'- s for children, and many of them now adays eat far top much pastry and sweetmeats. . do on Christmas to other are There day things sorjhuchicknessTPlain food , "A GREEN TEA" PARTY. ed i Mrs. Priscilla Jennings of this city gave "A Green Tea" to a party of ladies, at her residence Thursday Dec. 3. The invitations were issued for 4. p. m. - The house was profusely decorated with vines and flowers; the fragrance of the roses lilies, hyacinths and carnations with the pleasant warmth of the rooms was suggestive of a tropical clime, but bright wood fires were burning in. the open grateSjwhich made the picture more illusive. The view from the house which is picturesquely situated.on the hill above the street was more wintry however and Indicated the approach of Winter ia thcyalley. ! ' ... ; I. A.ter the cordial welcome of the hostess and the greetings of friends the ladies were .seated at tables arranged tete a tete, and here againxwas a as display of green ribbons for each guest as well the trailing smilax; the flowers that .adorned the tables give zest to the delicious viands, and a sweet and particularly pleasing tone to the enter'.'.. tainment. ''" Of the repastit is needless to say that eve ry oa e .. ; t 