2G WOMAN'S EXPONENT. The town derives its name from Castle Kushen, which is a more imposing and majestic than picturesque castle. It was rthouVhi to have been built 047 from those figures in Arabic, which were found cut on an win uvuui iu u rcctfcfj jjemim ine oiu gateway f by some workmen who were making alterations in the building; "but the ground for this assumption was completely cut away by the fact that Arabic figures were unknown in Europo for nearly three centuries later A. D. 947."- - The wall around the Castle is 25 feet high and 9 feet thick. In the Castle is a cu no u,3alulock wMRtt was roraeiilciLJiE. 'Queeir-Elizabetin 1597. The clock has been ticking ever since with the exception of the. lime for repairs. A few days ago - Ma and I took a long walk into- - tho country. We walked two miles along such pretty lanes, with the buttercups, daisies and other - wild lloivera "gro wing on the grass by the roadside and in the fields! We passed some gipsies who wanted to tell II Cia Skill i wuw .r uiu-iwin iuuuuw, ,,u AA nave curt: Iiu- Tr.rT them told. Thero were many fruits and flowergardem along the road. We went into one and bought some strawberries in a cabbage leaf. They-haa delicious flavor just fresh from tho garden. We had horrible weather a week ago, but iui uiu luav icw uujs; n uus ueen nne lovely ' and. warm. Yesterday the fonrth of July it wa3 a lovely-sunnday, the sea had scearcely a ripple oir ou it. Of course there were no celebrations nere- lotiay it is very windy and it has been raining almost continually. We have moved from the place we were staying first in a house just above it, as at the first place, the owners of it bad rented their apartments to some one else before we had decided to stay a week longer. In the dining' room wo have now, there is a book case full of good books with which we amuse h.' fi Y rt-rtl M- y pursejycsren;w; 13: I haven't been an v where mnr-since writing you last except to Saxey to July h eeSaxer " about "leveif miles from Douglas. The wheel is a huge affair. Just imagine a wheel fully as tall when standing on the ground as a four story house, each story as high as ours at home. There was a winding staircase to go up to the top, but I didn't care to go. A man who went up was just shaking when he came down and he said he never felt so nervous in his life as when he was up at the top. The wheel is used in a lead mine to draw the water out. Many of the girls here have lovely hair and complexions, but their teath are almost is only all bad. . It seems a shame, but I wonder if it wUb-drinkini- " :is not r-iira them have tea four times a day,, "two cups at each meal. The landladies think we are very strange as we do not care for the English tea and do not have supper just beforo we go to bod at 10 o'clock. - ; Your Loving Friend. Lid. MAY ri'i . members of the Chamber of Deputies), and '93. Mme. Siegfried, and the arrival of M. Jules Arrangements were made to bring tho matSimon lent a sort of official recognition to the ter properly before the government in order to secure its approval and aid The result of affair. Among Americans present may be named Mrs- Palmer's interview with the minister I have not learned, as on July 3 we left Paris, Mrs. J. Robert McKee, Mrs. Russell Harrison, where wTe had lingered a week beyond our Mrs. John A. Logan (accompanied by her son nriorinftl nlan.r in order that I miffht usA tliA nn and daughter-in-law), and Mr. . Theodore O t "X" o fhe various portunities-afTorded conferences Amon g ot n le res t i ng people -- Stan ton by forward at this time to enand whom weinet was M. Napoleon meetings going t the and svmnathies interest oLlhe FrAnrlr of the illustrious Marshal Ney), who is deeply list interested in. modern sociel problems, and women in the International Council of Women and to watch the step3 being taken to conwhose wife is conspicuously identified with federate their own. various'sccieties into a various charitable works . conducted byL wo" men. ixaiionai vuuiieu ui wuniuii oi r rauce. xncir Mrs. Pabher received and entertained her steps are being taken with great circumspection, but the result is considered assured by guests with much grace and cordiality. After those who are best informed concerning the an hour spent in sociability and in partaking "of delicate reiresEinents, Mme.DeMorsier progress oi social relorm in this country. called the meeting to order and explained its Rome, Julyl4, '91. The Woman's Joxmnat. objects. Mrs; Palmer followed with an ac- -' count of the formation of the Board of Lady Managers, and a statement of its wishes in reWOMAN'S DAY AT OLD spect to foreign countries. Great interest, was CHAUTAUQUA. manifested, and many inquiries propounded particularly by M. Jule3 Siegfried, who eviA letter just received from Miss Anthony dently thought it more important that the adgives a glowing account of vancement of French women in liberal ideas, caineu uut vuauiauijua, xiuw xorK. oy me i n charities, in ed u cation, and ih" associa ted effort should be represented in the various Chautauqua County Political Equality club3 and on invitation oi liishop Vincent. congresses to be held in connection with the Miss Anthony writes that Bishop Vincent Exposition, than that the actual results of their himself welcomed the Clubs and Jheir.-friend- s industry should be displayed in the Exposition, and sat' through the first address. "that of dear itself. I bad been nd vised that I should be asked to Mother Wallace, who in her own way rescued the Bible from its old interpretation against speak on behalf of the International Council of Women to be convened in Chicago in 1893; equality of rights for women." We quote a but, fearing that the'discussion of the Council brief notice of the day from the Jamestown would result in confusing the minds of those Sunday News: less 4&wmgk ly i fy rmed ijoneerni n g i ts organ ization than are Mme Da Morsier and her with bunting, flowers, drapery and banners. immediate associates.-- asked JLaejMoraleiL: Over the sneakers heads was an enormous flanked to,exeuso me, so. that the entire time of the for- 'Imunerjhscnbed "olitical Equall"I by others, bearing the legends, "Woman's mal seance might be given to discussing the I ir r v An li9 lnwvl mnrim4- f in ah (am i i r representation of women's work in our great in ir Good " and "Governments Derirfi Their Fair. I, however had an opportunity to talk r . ta i i - rowers tne uonsent tne oi irom jjtovabout the Council in private conversation with justAround were grouped the beautitul many of the leaders here, and I have everjr erned. silk insignia of a local Political Equality reason fq believe that men and women alike of club. the progressive school will exert themselves to County President Elnoras N. Babcock, of see that several representative delegates from other organizations of French women sit in the Dunkirk, presided, supported by the officers of the county P. E. organization. Not Council of '93. An amusing incident of the conference was less than a full refyimpni nnp. thousand ladies proudly wore the gold tinted badges that pro a lively discussion in regard to the construction of the honorary, committee. The .jname; claimed tnem eitner amliated witli the r. xu. of M. Jules Siegfned was suggested, but the' club or avowed suffragists. Lilly Dale sentMminajtiojJhou kfwrcw in ttin ah n f inn ri nrfill inhinonn f nA . present, wa3 positively declined by the liomi nee, who boldly asserted that it was unfitting As the day cleared auspiciously the amphitheater was filled by five thousand enthusiastic to place any man at the head of such a com listeners. "mittee, and advocated with'no little eloquence Mrs, Zerelda G. Wallace received a merited the propriety ot placing Mme. De Morsier at the head of a committee com posed en tirely of ovauon, not oniy oy ner auuress on ponutaj equality, but as an ideal American matron. : women, genRev. Anna Shaw's grand physique domi- tlemen interested should form a sort of unofficial ad visory board.. However, all the women present evidently thought a man at'i'fs penetrated to the remotest tiers of the thronged a m)hitheater,n d 7 h er cogen t" eloquence was " wToxthv of the malmifieent andienee. the occa y wmuuiiw, uuu me inenaiy dispute was sion and her august theme," "The Fate of the arrival of M. Jules Simon, who, - . -- : hri -- Ney-(grandso- n "'"' '' -- ' the-program- ' . . ' 1 I 1 4 w 4- M - . 1 - . . - - .... excepting Mrs. Palmer and myself, and the serious enthusiasm with whicn . preliminary committees were made up and practical ques tions discussed augurs well for the representa. : . & :. i ii. of the French Congress, recalled the committee meeting-o- f 181). . The presence of Mine. Yoes Gyat (wife' of the. minister of Public Works) with Mile. Gvat, her daughter, of M. WIUGHT SE WALL'S LETTER. The anticipated conference of French women with Mrs. Potter Palmer, referred to in a former -- ietterrtook place at MrsTPalmer's apartments jn the! Grand Hotel, on the afternoon of July 1. Theiirst part of it assumed the character of an informal reception. About' forty persons were present, who constituted quite a distinguished assembly. M and Mme De'MohierM. and Mine. Bogelot.M. Mansaisl ,Mmc- - Hjr, Martin, and Mme. Ivochlm Schwartz, with other representatives -- termi-natedb- De-Morsie- motionaccepted the honorary presidency of the :caminittee,'to the evident surprise of some, but the equally satisfactiuti of III parties. With this acupon-Mm- e. r's evl-de- nt i tion the- - formal conference adjourned to convene, at the same place on dav ; Thursday, July 2, at two o'clock. In this second Conference I also had thepleas-ur- e of participating., There were present only iourteen,buUhe numberincluded no Americans ther-follow- in . nounced the most statesmanlike discourse ever given jmjrejterri New York. Woman s day wa3 Justified bv the reception given to' that intrepid Arnold Winkelried of w&muu women, iviiss ousan 15. Antnonv. ' Tribune. A man who will lie onfhis knees won't tell ' the truth anywhere. 