from a long and stormy ocean. voyage in mid- winter,, and a more than thousand miles tramp over- the trackless prairie, during which she carried her sick babe and walked from twelve to twenty miles a day. How little do the emigrants of realize the privations and discomforts, which of necessity awaited the early settlers! - Silver and gold counted, little in those days, it wasbrain and muscle, faith and integrity, which o nnft - hari VA tlfi thon. ami n thn.,n 4.U1U1Z3. otherwise, and in the afternoon brought toher sons and her daughters, with their gether - to-da- y were rich indeed. New and perplexing circumstances greeted them here, strangers in a strange land. But they quickly comprehended the situation, and with characteristic resolution Xook their stand, from hich they never swerved, come weal, . n ' ,r come woe, it was all the same, their hands weret)rr-theQos- pei ptow, anH being,- as she was wont tosav.l'ot the rmht ptiL" thftv nprpr " ' V faltered, not even when the- law of celestial ' was to presented them, . that most marriage tests all. to of women of her temperatrying t ment and early traiuing,-bushe bravely passed ,the ordeal, andproved that to know her duty was Virtually to do it, and to the great surprise of her husband, suffering not her natural prejudices to assert themselves-,the example of Sarah, and thus secured her . -- - - ted she-emula- own eternal honor . In her new home even mthe midst of penury, their old hospitality distinguished' them, and -- in 1855 they took to their- - hearts and home, four orphan children whose parents had died on the plains, and the result of her labor of love is5 found in the fact that every one of them are industrious and reliable members of the comunity. Notwithstanding her native sociability, SisterAdlen was retiring even to a fault, and when' the Relief Society of the twenty-firs- t Ward was organized, with Mrs. A. O. Burt as President, and she first Counselor, she would lairr nave snruuK rrom tue appointment, put finding she could not consistently do so, she took up the duties oi her omce, as - she-h-ad done everything else, with all the energies of her being. No personal sacrifice was too much for her to make, she was always at her post, to-da- y and could be confidently counted upon whenever required, until midsummer of 1887, when in therder of an unerring Providence,she was Strieker! with paralysis, and her usefulness forever destroyed. But in this terrible visitation the goodness of God to her was remarkably manifest, in the fact,' that her intellect was unimpaired, so that she could understand and enjoy ail the blessings, which He in Hi3 love and mercy crowded into her last years, her only trouble . Jflit-jmflWkf-- A gwiruium itnr-lr- rr oiJUtweu, tuts lUal 8awJh.eLrnorning-dawn-andahe.tbright-blo- States, municipal Woinan'Suffrage That we congratulate the Kansas House 3. of Representatives upon its adoption ' of 'a Woman's Suffrage bill by a two thirds vote ( 6. ? . to JH) jin d we ca rnestly appealto tb e Kansai Senate for its concurrence. ;" 4., That the recent discussions of Woman's Suffrage on an educatioual qualification by the constitutional conventions of Mississippi and K entucky, indicate a growing belief on the part of enlightened legislators that the admission as voters of women whocan. read ma a,nd-iwritew- c political illiteracy. - 5. That we recommend conventions during the coming year'in every Southern Capital, jn W u.t u ... w t i l I C IIU1V1I OIJC Avith the Suffragists of those cuu, r plied in the same spirit, Ihen the hmd voice States. was hushed forever. G. A. That we will continue to memorialize" Some fifteen minutes, later the" Bishop refor a constitutional amendment abolturned to the room and finding a great change, Congressall ishing political distinctions on account of ' summoned the family. There was no agoniz-in- g sex.. B. That in the six struggle, nothing to appal the looker on, Territories we but evidently the finger of death had tenderly will maks stren uous remaining efforts to secure full suftouched the vitals, and his work too was.done. J frage" by statute in advance of theiTadmission one was gone! Gone where? Through 'the aa States. beautiful gates ajar," "Unto the glorious city C That in every State where there is no ex from she beckons whence loved her beyond" pressed constitutional exclusion of women as ones to follow. Farewell to thee patient one! voters, we advise suffragists' to demand full to honor to the ashes, peace thy Woman Suffrage by legislative enactment, and thy memory, blessings of consolation to thy bereaved in every State to petition the legislature for husband, and blessings of reward to thy dutiful municipal and presidential suffrage by statute. children. May every name be written in the D. That we will heartily support any State Saint's book of Life, aud chosen when He which engages in a struggle for equal suffrage shall number up His jewels. bymethods approved by this 7. That we urge the appointment of women RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. as physicians, matrons and managers in all Relief Society Twenty-firs- t Ward. penal, reformatory and other public Jnstitu-- . Whereas, in . His divin e , wisd pmt. it hath niopscoiatainitigT women-- or children as pleased Ajmighty God to take out of her long mates. ;.:..:-;.r: affliction our dear Sister, Counselor H. J. ..8 hat-women nd merr should be " equally Idevotioh-tdiheutlewhose un wearied Allen, represented on School Boards. e and promptiof her office, whose 9. That we congratulate the friends of equal tude under Vail circumstances command our the advancement of women in rights upon admiration and esteem. Be it therefore dicated by their late National Council and by Resolved That while we feel keenly the woman's improved opportunities,, social, inloss of our friend and fellow-labore- r, we dustrial, educational, legal, and humblyacknoledge that He who doeth all political opportunities, whichprofessional are at once a things well hath done this also, and without basis and a for her future equality guarantee murmur we bow : to His righteous decree, praying Him to give us His grace, that we, 10. That we urge each State Suffrage like her, may remain steadfast, unto the end, to petition its legislature for a Society thorough and having finished our work may enter into revision of the -- laws the regulating marriage -the rest prepared for the faithful; aud be it relation so as to secure to. wives and husbands further and property rights, to mothers Resolved That we tender our most pro- - equal personal , jLtid iatherjs:ari equal n their, children, and to widows and widowers equal rights to nusbana, our oeiovea uisnop, ana our sincere their inheritance of property. condolence to the family. 11. That our thank are due to the House Also that a copy of these resolutions, with and Senate Committees of Congress for their the foregoing .nemoir, be prasented to them, reports in favor of Woman Suffrage, also to and published in the Woman's Exponent, both Houses who have worked and voted for and- the resolutions be entered ...upon . the the admission of Wyoming. secretary's book; 12. Recognizing the power of the Press, Signed 1 in behalf of the Officers and :han.kZ.tte3ypmeri.oF .the several Press' Members of the Society- - March 1891; r " Associations for aiding our cause, and wo also express our obligations to the Washington City papers, and to th Associated and United NATIONAL-AMERICA- N WOMAN Press for their friendly reports of our procee- d- SUFFRAGE CONVENTION. . ; ' ' ings, .7 orrr..i h, J LVJ on - ' - . : . - , Asociatioii.7; -- .r-r- .- -T- s self-sacrific- " . . I could only do something, even mend a pair ; of socks for the children, ! would not mind." But she had done her work, had made her record for industry, and left an example well worthy of -i- mitation; It wa3 7 therefore permitted her to rest from her labors even in this life. During the three years and a' half of her utter helplessness,her .children were.untir-- 1 ing in their devotion to her,ar.d vied with each other in demonstrations ol their filial love, and her husband was her constant companion. Her last day on earth wa3 the Obtn anniversa RESOLUTIONS. ry of her birth.and waking early that morning MISCELLANEOUS. Resolved: That the establishment of full the Bishop said to her, "Ma,this is your oirtn-day- ,I Woman's Suffrage in the State of Wyoming wish you many happy returns." "My An originator of an opinion precedes ' the death day you mean'r she interposed; this by the vote o her people, and its subsequent ratification by Congress . and the President,. time; you cannot both precede" and reflect if remark he considerately evaded, and .conwhat jen years, ago: was philosophy is now mark a revolution in the political statuets of tinued, "As the weather is cold and threatenfter-g- i vr t he" meiri n -A merica and w i ing, suppose we'donVcelcbrateto-dayr-bti- t S. and Kep:- . benators lr , .1 women of the nation U. nr..9 t'Voai pensluocfe constantly cep yours ana mine togeiner m iuaj i .i u u i v i tuu r i i rtci rn Tail ta. i mi i i A.i vlaw vu " ir.u i li 1'uj ri oetuaer. oeuer. is , ; -- " . . ; rea - - cold, .... i . : was thatjske, in return for all their devotion to her. bha would fervently with - tears, "0 if - ini e: just oi nuuiau worus naa laiien on her ear, and they, coupled with' his hearty and were a AC"""ai goou morning jnotner, ioke. from a;rc.c-iu- in women by in Kansas, and full Woman Suffrage in Wyoming give assurance that women will eventually be recognized everywhere as the political equals of men. "" kis lmnrinted on nrprimia hna onH cheeks which she. would kis3 no more. All was done, she had finished her mother work,, then calmly and peacfully she laid her down to rest, never to rise "again! - But not in the darkness of night 'did Bhe steal away, no, she a twenty-tw- School Suffrage o -- . remk . children, and then: love tokens, to spend that never to be ' forgotten eveningthe last with them. They were a happy unsuspecting party gathered around that family board without the faintest shadow of appreaehing-gloom;'or-th-e smallest hint -- of coming grief. No death's head at that joyous feast, all was harmless mirth and gaiety, and not until 'a late hour . . Was IDA kJa husband Tternal 1 ng "SisterAllennd-herHjrave-you- - 2. That ; that o i w be will I - O ., snereimcu... h"",;- - - 1 : r - are about to grasp her by the hand he " 