WOMAN'S wjiite cords and tassels,- the most exquisite t taste wis manifested in the draping and the decorating with flowers and evergreens. The flower pots .were also covered with white draping,which gave them a beautiful appearance and the, whole effect was emblematic of innocence and sublime purity. As the body.carried by the and foV lowed by the family, entered the Tabernacle, the whole congregation rose and reverently remained standing until the. casket containing the rma?ns was nut in its nU j n fmn A 1 1. J and the family were seated. The casket was an elegant one of pure white, mounted with silver, and engraved Daniel H. Wells, aged 76 yrs. The floral emblems were very chaste and beauti- , pall-beare- rs . -- ful, some of them particularly striking,a crown, a harp of lilies, a cushion with the word Restt a basketpLexquisiteflowers and-- a - snow-wh- ite dove with outstretched wings upon the top of it, .:.sheafs of ripenew ribbon with , floral sickles, and a great bunch of -- and several other varieties, bouquets, calla-lilie- s, ' etc. .. The music of the organ commenced with a re- quiem for the dead when the procession entered the building, and the effect was most solemnly grand and inspirational. Such notes of lofty music are the best expression of grief possible for those who mourn. In the centre of the front of a BuiMiig puriiiiu ui oencrai ... .... uug EXPONENT. 149 men and women have filled their missions here upon earth with honor; with labor, with love,until they have been called home. They have 'died in the faith, and they will receive a crown of glory. These have been. death of PresidenTYoung, rnfeelings.in-th- e Brother Kimball, Brother Taylor, the Twelve Apostles,' and all men who have received the Gospel of Christ and been true and faithful in that mission. There is an eternal reality which the will find Trnife7IThereTs" an eternal reality in death. There is an eternal reality in the resurrection, and in the future judgments, and in God's dealing with all men in the future according to the deeds done "m the body; and when a man or a woman who has entered into covenant with the Lord, who has received the Gospel and the ordinances thereof, and been true and faithful in his or her. day and generation, has be e n called h orne i n 1 0 th e" spTnf'woird,.. where tT the man who comprehends these principles that can mourn forthat brother or sister? Here lies before us the tabernacle of Counselor Daniel H. Wells. His death has been sudden to us. I did not know that he was sick, or that he was in the city, till about two days before his death. Well, we mourn his loss. We feel his loss. All those associated with him do. We feel the loss of men occupying such positions as he has done. His "After having-referre- d to the labors-o- f the de- ceased in the Endowment House and in the Temple, the speaker salid that the words of the Apostle Paul could properly be applied to Brother Wells I have fought-- a good fightr I have finished my course; 1 have kept the faith ; Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of He fought righteousness." (2 Tim., iv., .) indefcd the good .fight, and kept the faith. The work in the Temples is eminently a labor of faith. ' r ew "have performed so much work of this kind a he. He spent his time and his means in that direction, and worked for a great many on the other side of the veil. I have no doubt that he has now met with many of those who through iis ministrations have received the truth. "May God bless his family and friends who are left here to mourn his departure." , l" 7-8- ho!e-wor- ld lows: , "Beloved friends,I share with you the loss that we have sustained by the departure of this great and good man, who has finished his earthly course, and whose remains are here with us to day. Hl must not now stop to go into details; but I would like to tell you that he was much beloved by the Prophet Joseph. The fact that Brother Wells was with the Saints in the various . circumstances which attended them during their soiourn from 1839 to 1846, in Nauvoo, created in the hearts of all the Dennis an affprlion fnr. hlm that position' has been ve'ry responsible. He has magnified it untothe end me general iuinoruies 01 tue cnurcn Wells' spirit left hisb ji "Seated orT the stands r there" wereT"of 1 he Ffrit dition? Well, I have my faith and my views with has intensified ever since. Presidency, .Wilford Woodruff and George Q. regard to it. When his spirit left his body'he Cannon; of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles, met with a corps of friends ready to receive him "We have seen him promoted to the highest Lorenzo Snow, Franklin" D. Richards, Francis those ; friends with whom he has dwelt, with military rank known in the existence of a TerriM. Lyman, John Henry Smith, Heber J. Grant, whom he has labored, with whom he has toiled of the United States, and we have seen him juuu ;iui, nuiuu n. uuuu, anu vuranam in building up the Church and Kingdom of God tory with his officers gathering men and means and H. Cannon; Patriarch; John Smith; of the First on the eartn. There is rejoicing when the spirit Seven Presidents of the Seventies, Jacob Gates, of a Saint of the Living God enters the spirit going to various positions in the Territory to subdue the occasional hostilities which occurred with world, and meets with the Saints who have gone But he was most careful lest there . the I ndians. gan, B. H. Roberts, and George Reynolds; of the before him." "shduloTbeany bloodshed, and the aborigines came -Presiding Bishopric, William B. PrestonJlobert ApostieAnion H. Lund referred to the ex- - : tft Icarh f hrniio-h- hit lrlnH tlinnirli firm fritmont T. Burton and Tohn R. Winder.- cellent qualities of the departed and to the" high inai mis pcopic were meir iruc irienas; ror ne There were also, of local authorities, President esteem in which he was held by his them that it was better to fight them with Angus M. Cannon and Counselors Joseph E. in the Manti Temple. He said: "We are -- taught r d looaeco ana oiscuu man powaer-an- a ieaa. ins i t, : .1 . .'T..i.. myiui- duu AiUdiirs i rrcuiosc, ucsiuca a large eathered" hereT6day "io6uf'fespcis' to our ofiicers all loved him, and the his associalonger number of Presidents of Stakes and other leading beloved brother, President Daniel H. Wells, who tion with them, the deeper became their attachbrethren from various parts lof ihe Territory. has just "departed. With you I feel the loss we ment to fcim. We have known him inn n? a Twice has he been to Manti Temple. of being associated with him for the last three foreign missionary. European countries, preaching the Gospel, pro- The services were opened by President George years in the Temple at Manti. During that time fa 3 n his company and felt that he I . Q. Cannon, who announced commence I have much enjoyed I Hls acquaintance among the human family was rS-- r . God. He was a man of I . was indeed a man . tT , , seem 10 Know mm toaay xsraei cxicnsivc. ui rare was sreat kindnesscoupied witn aDtnty. it "Thou dost not weep.to weep alone, and he knew all Israel; for when he came to be him and to feel to meet " morning every pleasant fall seems broad bereavement The to 3 a counselor to the First Presidency, he traveled at home in his presence. It was pleasant to Unheeded and unfelt by none; and labored throughout the length and breadth of listen to iis discourses. They were brief, but He was beloved, beloved by all" the Territory. Some of us have had the satisfacof wisdom. And those who have been as gems tion of enjoying those sacred seasons with hitru The opening prayer was offered by Elder sociated with him.wiil.ememherJhisteahings, AnH ho w he loved them ! How he sought by vviiuam k. uunoar. and impart them to their children after them, j and day to interest all God's people ! He The choir then sang that beautiful poem from know this to be the feeling of all who have night the pen of Henry W. Naisbitt: Dever appeared to set anything before this purlabored with him in the Temple. of his heart. And then he was called to "Restor the weary soul. "Brother Wells, although he loved the Saints pose in the Endowment House. My own ex- labor Kesr, tor ine acning otau. came to Nauvoo, was from the with him enables me to say that we have Rest, on the hillside, rest not at first impressed with their doctrines, until perience very few men in Israel who understand and com With the great uncounted dead." he heard the Prophel Joseph preach on "baptism prehend the law of God and can make so careful President Wilford Woodruff was'; the first, for the dead." Thisprinciple he at once accepted and faithful an application of it.to the multifarious speaker; he paid a fitting tribute to his departed as true, and he decided to devote his life to the conditions of the human family as did President brother and associate, and gave excellent counsel work for the departed. It was the charity and Daniel H. Wells. His great experience1 in this to the saints. His remarks were consoling and the infinite mercy shown in the doctrine that imenabled him to do it with love and affection, by . his heart. it run ana 01 upon loving ciear, comprenensive inspiration. ;m pressed which fie technically maintained every ; right and - "One day he was walking on the street in reference to death gndiunerals he said : every interest of all concerned. "1 win express mysen nere 10 my irienas, as 1 ; Nauvoo when Brother Kimball y came up behind have done on many occasions, with regard to him, touched him on the shoulder and said, 'You "May the Spirit of the Father be upon the sor- funerals, with regard to death, and with regard to are thinking of joining1 the Church and becoming he not He because was startled, had i going into the spirit world. I have never felt to one of us.'. iuniug uuca, duiiic wuu inem. ana De ever near He one. did not to whisper to them words of comfort and .conso mourn in my spirit to follow any Prophet, any .mentioned what he felt to any suffered had the utlation; and may God guide them in that honor 4iving God to the grave , join this people until they Apostle, .any Saint of the ..-r his bewith lot he not did them cast able course until they reach that happy end to wno has been true ana laimiui 10 uoa, wuouas most, and . he cause been true and faithful to his covenants, who has expected any worldly returns. He which Brother Wells has attained. We cannot mourn for any sin of omission or commission on received the Gospel of "JesusXhnst, and the or- -' received a testimony of the truth and therefore with one us. his part; but we shall feel his absence keenly. dinances thereof, and the holy Priesthood. Such he became ui&au Wells. ! . . . co-labore- . rs 1 - , - the-hym- '. - : time-when-th- ey 5 i '.. . Jt-" r -- 