WOM A JN?S - EXPONENT. and the rest so cssential to the ardent worker and summer, inevitably carries me backward comes unsought a3 though some good angel had to the merry days when I was a little country his welfare at heart and made the ihecessary and wandered among the hills gathering .girl, arrangements. Sometimes wealth inclines its flowers, and sang as I rambled, fortunate possessor to seclude himself from the "dear five hundred friends" that throng around 'Flowers; flowers, in a sheltered dell they grew, wild-wo- od wild-wOo- d find fttU'M Hllll CTtllln lltwitl 1 l nw) v ... i hurried aiong'and I chanced to spy favored few lie resorts to some locality where This small staff flower with a silvery eye, Then-th- e blue daisy peeped up its head he i3 unknown, that ho may be for a Bhort time at least at his ease, and act himself without the Sweetly the purple orchis, spread." restraints of "polite society," in the sense that And so on, and on: I roamed in the deep : Madam Grundy applies the term. and thought Then another class etill must strain every "forests like a very nerve in order to afford the time to take a run jiKe tne poet, QUt of town. to Iamher nvr hill(-- or sif lnrffip. "That .1 : fK--t . - i aiM-I. ttTt it- c f . ctvj ui mo uiuuiujj Oil CtlUl tl US 11 tt iUUC, illUS Deep In the heart of woods. ' iug meanwhile, and only starting into remembrance of the occupation when there is a bite; And by the ponds I gathered often, I have working harder for weeks and days beforehand since thought at the risk of'my life, the water ..1. i iMi to get ahead with business, and alter returning iiiiKj punaj lines we cnuuren caueu iueuj, me .. to make up for what is termed "lost time." To "same poet quoted above, says: such the pleasure scarce compensates for, the - "yesl e'en ihose lilies, simple as they are, ' And beautiful as well are quite beyond constant monotony ot everyday work. Happy The reach of careless fingers. Would one grasp are they who have means and opportunities to Their wade far out, - spend a few weeks of the dry summer months Regardless of the flags and tall rough sedge, in some pleasant maimer, that will awaken And ferns, and rushes harsh, that fringe the edge." latent powers, refresh memory, and develop greater activity and freshness of body and But I am much afraid my taste for country mind, thus prolonging life and increasing usepleasures prolongs this article beyond the fulness. Why should we not make the most patience of the reader, but .u be or she be , . r r. vi um mo liciu ujjujj CililiU ll 13 J.U lllli Wise let him or her take a tired, and if we live nobly, that we will fit ourselves for summer's vacation and camp out in the canons the greatest and highest advancement hereafter. it will whet the appetite and do more for the u e are toiu uy stuuents ot health,hygieue, and nerves than all the doctors -- medicine. Ihe -philosophy, that we must take plenty of rest of these beautiful summer days really aud out door air as well as exercise, to store languor makes orle desire to rest a little, and to inour minds with knowledge and intelligence, for dustrious, indefatigable workers, such rest as we all know, how incapable of accomplishing one may nnd among brooks and bird3 and any great good is a person deprived of healthy mossy rocks and shady dells would be a stimu activity, with a positive lack. of nerve force lus more potent and exhilarating than the city and the innate power to overcome difficulties, cuu uutr in me way 01 luxury or recreation, apu to rise superiorJ to' misfortunes or unhappy v Aunt Em. circumstances. wood-nymp- NalurrMIe&lier-yrv--lovelie3t-thm- h gs i . -- , od'rous-beauty.onemu- st over-worke- d, . am positive that weak, frail,,and as imperfect as I am, I have .been blessed whir a foreknowledge of something to my benefit, but it came in a night vision and not witn an audible voice; aud I was left to watch for the result- - -- It- was comforting when it . came, and I felt to. say the Lord does hear and answer prayers today as He did anciently. Did He not say' in' the last days lie would pourout His smrit upon all flesh. Then if we do not obtain these blessings which He has promised ; i. c Ia Li .1 . , it is our iauu, uut xAia. jl auuiuiimes ininK "we are very much like children at school. I am told that those the mosHbngrndinteI--- . -Icctnaharernot aiwa'3thebtsrstudents. They think, oh, I can grasp that intelligence when I to itrbut now wish to do something else. . When, the next timev arrives they are not so well prepared to give their minds to it- - But the dull student feels the need of this intelligence and applies his mind and every energy of his soul to grasp the same, and asks - the aid of his. teacher to accomplish it, because he knows how much he is in need of the knowledge and appreciates it- a3 he would gold. I believe the Prophet Joseph to . be one of thi3 class, an earnest, faithful student when he saw the importance of the work; feeling his own weakness, he sought earnestly the aid of iviviim asjietaiitmiu us wcniD iuiu mai uuu is a spirit and those whoworship Ilim must worship in spirit and in truth, buch lie de- liirhts to bless. Joseph Smith was born in 1805, accordingly he would be 85 in the year 1890. - We are told in See.' SO and 3rd verse that the work of the Lord h never frustrated, but the work of man. The fourth verse reads: "For al though a man may have revelations and have the power to do many mighty works, yet if he boasts in his own strength, and sets at naught the counsels of God, and follows after the 1 give-attenti- on ... - nlnfn M 1 in hia lill, l fon at I auu me great contrast to city Jiie 13 so widely Ihe habits., of country people, their "sweet simplicity" and homely ways are so genuine and natural, that one feels much benefit from the"Contact,r and ZTaiiZ exj)eHehce in studying human life, aud adds to the stock of information -- on asubject which is alwayslntefesting. It is said everywhere, and it seems to me by everybody, that this is a'fast age, things move rapidly and the people seem more' in a hurry. uu oblttUc 1UVCUUUU3 all of them tending to rapidity, and approaching a greater degree of excellence iu attain' ment to whatever 1 1 thevj-eDrieii- Yt iKftitfrK- - L r - of thfl hnn Inhnr .vu vuvu uuiiu ntiuuuii of machinery anykind, can now bo accom- lUUch ihtr Z1L numan strength plished bv- Ffimo nf iuus muca Tir i i v nn u rc,e I 11 n 73, 1 I 11 i r JIM i must fall and incur the vengeance of a just A FEW REFLECTIONS. . ... THE FULFILLMENT OF A PItOPHECY. Doctrine and Covenants. I felt strong Jv pressed with the idea that this prophecy r ill . v T1 i If ttt C im- - wa3 luinnea in tneyear 1UU. It reads thus: "Joseph my son, if thou livest until thou art 85 years old; thou shalt see the iace ot the bon ot Man; theretore let this suffice, and trouble me no more on this matter." In another verse, "I was left thus without being able to decide, "whether this coming referred to the beginning of the Millennium or to. some previous appearing, or whether" I "should die and thus see His face. I do not think He will come before that time " i We learn since this great work of the Dis pensation of the fulness of times i3 going on that it behooves us all to watch and pray. -- Kot only so but to study the bcripture3 that we may have oil in our lamps, and not be like the foolish virgins; I am inclined to believe the Savior's work i3 now about to begin with the blood of Israel the Jews; and it seem3 that the year 1890 is to be the commencement, of that portion of the work. - I remember that Apostle Orson Pratt savedr yet there hours long, and every hour contains sixty minutes, and each minute sixty seconds, but one can scarcely believe it when this spirit of him? of hurrying geU possession There are e ure a' good many idlers, not those who need rest, but who live idle lives all the year around, and perhaps" this" Ts Tone of the reasons why the diligent laborers have sniiplr mnFo to do, and can Seldom get even a summer vacation of a weekl)r two.. Idleness is a vica but not considered a crime, that is, before the law (and law is gospel in these days, so some people thiuk),although it, often leads to it, but some people live a long life of idleness at the expense of faithful industry on the nart nf relatives or friends. Referring to the country -- to-b- ' " - once said we were Gentile Saints. If so we must t i i .i improve upon tnat we nave learnea, ana re- memoer tne jews rare to be saved and do a work in the. last days; audr perhap3 be more zealous in the cause than we are today, for we Lfind-o- u rselves -- ovenvhelmed Tbyhecares 6fT" f verse it reads, "I was once praying very mis vvonu many times, that we neglect tne imlesson of "Seek and ye shall find. earnestly to know the time of the coming of portant the Son of Man, wheu T heard a voice repeat iuay we not become weary in well doing, for the following,"- as written above. This re? in due time we will rean if wo faint "not-- ' Thi3 from-whi- ch immdomejp.i'..a-:tet-- ; heard a we learn from "If Holy writ. But if we become sermon preached in Iftfca N. Y. It was this: r iha nf Ioca earflpSS and- inrlifTprAnt v In H U v v t.UW 1U "Surely the Lord God will do nothing but our mviiug we will lose reward, our Father, certainly He revealeth His secret unto His servants the and darkness and confusiou take the place of prophets." He took this text from the Bible Amos 3rd chap. J, verse. I feel satisfied howlight iand truth. ( i .1 ana pray, lest we . juvi us mereiore watcn ever that this has been, and will be the case, when there are people on the earth who have enter into temptation, and lose. our reward. M. E. this gift Aud jou know what St. r PauPsaidr-"bee-k Sfl It ,!lto I'ltir Tnnn OO 1flOl Kimball. earnestly the best gifts; but rather that . ; :. r you prophesy." Revelator. tells us that the testiot is Jesus the spirit of prophecy. Acmony Love is a method of nrotractinsr our creates t cordingly those who will apply their minds to pleasure. Goldsmith. the study of those nrinrinlM: n,t ;n cordance with the same, with humility of heart The most disrincriiiaViPfl can obtain this precious bene-nfor their own t, gift Rome is the .Countes3 Lovatelli, who lives in it no more. r a r palace at St. Angelo. ; . i - Ihouid-sayhoweverr-inacothe- seems 10 ne plenty ot work for all the workers, and people seem quite as weary nowadays as makes It one wonder what it all formerly. means. I suppose there must be just as much ti5 uicic cvciwjis, ujai is, uays are twenty-Fou- r , . T 1 - 9 ' V ile - - ; 1 i 