WOMAN'S 'KXKONBNTI. confess you have not spoken" freely " to iier7 love will do more thau auger, her father may drive her to take a step she will never cease to regret; perchance you may be a savior, try wnat love win ao lor mis misguiueu cousin ui ' " but she did not yet understand the situation, and she hesitated to give her views. even when her cousin urged her to tell her what she should dor The Dr. came and Mis Conway had an in terview with him before he went to her uncle's room; she told him all that had transpired "it is better so, it must have come' sooner or later, and s it has happened, he knows how matters stand without being told, and his . the bye, my father mentioned the other day that he should go abroad as soon as he had recovered sufficiently, and take you and I with him, he wants to spend the winter in" Italy - or some warm climate how would you like that?" ''1 should like it very much indeed, and I w ns ill "believe it wouldbc beneficial to our-heallh Woo lie is l Know not exceprrnau-iiuna-ceand me he is of good family, proud wealthy, dear, and besides travel improves and develops in is his a one's mind wonderfully, and I have always and mother society." queen "You did not tell me his name before, now I had a desire to see the continent, and have can understand better why he comes unbidden, never yet had an opportunity of journeying thereby hangs a tale.a love affair in the days any where except in England." Each of the past and gone,' and it seems uncommonly young girls had tried to divert the other's find his attention from the subject heretofore under strange that young Walton should fall love in with. Lady Anna, discussion, and for a moment it really was-i- n way here, and hi3 mother cannot possibly know it, and now part forgotten, by the thoughts of travel." Those were not the. days of fast trains and my mission I find is indeed a hard one." "Dear me," and! the Doctor looked very steamers and a journey to France or Italy was ' " nuite a serious matter serious, "could it be Sir Edward mistrusted wno tnis mtruaer was, on inaTnnaiispiciow FurthercDn"ve"rsatiotia3interriTpted'by the" senseless-tthe floor." maid who came to summon them both to the morning when he fell Miss Conway bewildered almost by what Baronet's room; they hastened with some how realize to the Dr. had said, began trepidation not knowing what the call was for, to affair and was the and both of them fearing they knew not whau be, growing complicated she scarcely knew whether she ought not to Once inside Sir Edward burst forth complain-ingl- y it all and seclude herself somewhere, being left alone, on such a disleaving fate to do its worst. In this state of mal morning reproaching his daughter bitterly mind Dr. Bland left her; both were puzzled, for her lack of affection for "her "poor old and wanted time to reflect in fact to be father," and declaring in the most vehement alone; for when some weighty matter must be language, that he would leave the house as adjusted, it shoulJ be looked at on all sides soon as he cbuld get out, and she should be and so thought Dr. Bland, as he rode slowly left . alone, adding "and I'll see that you are homeward muttering all the way to himself, a kept within proper bouuds, there, shall be no wucu 1UUUU uisiuiucu. iu.isa UAUU UC UttU gay young men coming here when I'm away, V . rVonway was Billing !'m me i(. . 1ft it Lady Horary aiier mis yOUf cousin shall" take you in charge." conversation pondering upon what had been Anna was so shocked and bewildered ' thalr she said, and dreading to go up to her uncle's lost her entirely' and dropped flew when in cousin in her room, great haste, the letter she had been trying to conceal upon her face in a glow-- of excitement" her large the floor. "What's that" almost screamed her : .. '11 1.. . !L 1 - a ner: gnisun tnrea ueauiiugwiui lustrous father, "a letter, let me have it! Zix&fKaXTdier ueugni, robe trailing gracefully and holding in her hand it to me!" Anna was pale as ashes, she white hands a. letter. "See cousin mine, sank down-upothe nearest chair, while her dainty . mm r i iur, n auuu uas wruitu miner sweetest leuer "cousin" picked T Up r t u eolfens i ve iittTfc wh i 1 have ever read, can you doubt him now? messenger, and with all the composure He will soon be able to declare himself openly, possible placed it in her uncle's hands. "A and asks me to tell you; he has some business man's hand and addressed to my child without affairs of his own to arrange, and if by that ray consent, the scoundrel, how dare he," and time his mother still refuses to allow him his nis hands, shook, "here Jane read thi3 to me, own choice, then he will brave her displeasure;" and mind you read it correctly, stay fetch me" the enthuastic girl could scaacely. control her ray glass, I'll read for myself and adjusting voice she was so elated with her first love the glass he looked at. the signature, it was letter and with the idea that she could now enough it was his turn now, his face grew silence all her cousin's objections; she believed livid with .passion, his niece called for help, as sincerely in her;lover's fidelity as though he and without a word he was carried to bed still had made an honorable proposal. holding tight in his grasp the letter, turning Cousin Jane stood aghast while the excited his face e wall, he lay for hours without reiterated the assertions of this, ardent girt speaking. vnu to tr man. and wlipn sh I nn s.asi in , t n r- Con way wai ted - wi th tea r- - and t rem h breath exclaimed, "And you believe all this, ling, and Anna sat sobbing and crying like a a&dwilLiro-on-taistincr.hiwithout inform- - child, where she had seated herself when she ' incr vour father?" dropped the letter that bad caused all the trouble finally seeing ho sign of any recogniJuady Anna had not expected this, she the letter which so delighted her would tion on the part of this strong man "stricken thought SAtlfttv Pvpt the nnnpfilinna nnein down instantaneously Jane; left the room ib.c vud ieuer iu juur lamer ut;i Aiiuii, followed closely by her eousin - who was so he will be able to judge of this young mail's with emotion that she could not motives, rueix of his experience are restrain her anguish any longer, but clung to in these things, and do not jlecide hastily, Jbe her ,GQUgin, ad begged :her. to intercede with may know the family of this young man and heir father for forgiveness. "I 'dare not speak thatis something, depend upon it in any case to him myself his temper is so violent, many he will give the best advice regarding the a time have I seen him in a towering passion interest of his own child! over trifles, yoii .who are so brave and good he ut am dear cousin under I the T cannot, SMy mightlisten-torbnot torme When he has r most sacred promise not to reveal our iriend-shihad time to think, and when he has read the you accidently learned of it through, letter then I will try what can be done, mean-tim- e me"- - here some suspicion, and followed we must see Dr. Bland and inform him yours." when the Dr. had first aroused her suspicions to your father sh alO tell him of the letter?" "No, No, wait until he is well and hythat time, there will be a change in affairs and Mr. Walton will speak put; 1 hope so at all events for unless he does I may be away; by ' Mis3 Conway burst into teara,the Dr. waited, and when she found , voice, she said, "I will make another effort to dissuade her .from clinging to the remembrance of this fascination she seems to have for Maitland Walton. - m ..1.4 m -y- 7 - fly..-fro- al-ou- t self-possessio- 1 J-- T- n 1 ' n b . , te-win- ta-th- : m'. -- pride-will he will not use any., harshness depend upon it, make your mind easy on that score;, after I have seen him, I will speak to you again," and the Dr. lit his pipe and left the room. Left to herself Jane soliloquized somethiu after this fashion, "my uncle if reaping the fruits of his own neglect, lie has been more attentive to his hounds and his horses, than to his own daughter, and now he has cause to repent his indifference and it may be for the best after all, though we mnst all suffer for his follv f and poor Anuarao?tnof '"all;" " 7 " ' " ine UT. remainea up stairs lor nours, and refreshments with plenty of wine were served for them, in the Baronet's apartments and when Dr. Bland came into the drawing room to speak to Mis3 Conway he seemed in hiph spirits, and his good humor put the young woman more at her ease, "have no fears," he said "the old Baronet's pride has had a severe blow he has been used to having everything his own way so long, nobody to cross him, and to find his own little girl has ignored his parental authority altogether, why he seems to think the whole household has been in a conspiracy against him even you, Miss Conway I stayed with him until he got cooled off, and convinced him how anxious you. had been that he should understand the peculiar nature of Miss Anna's attachment. Mind you it was not so much the letter a3 the man; he is the son of his sworn .., ehemy ohce his successful rival, and how can a man like Sir Edward ever forget such an injury, its in the blood,' pride and resentment; tnougii ne swore savagely at first and vowed vengeance on the young scapegrace a3 he called him. My cousin Anna seems wholly devoid of this sort of pride, and yet she is an aristocrat every inch of her, it i3 plainly visible in every movement." "Your cousin is a woman and has all the natural instincts and the refinement of a true lady not so much from education and training,as she inherits by birth the gentle blood that tells through genexa- tions." Dr. Bland and Mis3 Conway talked seriously of'thi3 affair between the two young people and the decision they arrived at was that as soonss ' possible Sir Edward must 4einduceito-tak- e his daughterto the-eonent, "and you" said the Dr. to the young woman, "ought to accompany her,though my own feelings would prompt me to keep you here. -- . . . " Bti' - over-whelm- far-sight- ed ed . p; Lady Annajpaused ajad turjDedjlejtj:pjaJfiJ; tier cousin teeimg the conversation was likely wu xefcuii iu a tceuty, wmcn raignt prove disastrous to her own calculation?,, cha-ueth subject by saying, "1 must go and attend . d efyouHathecd not tell her cousin what she suspected, that there was some special enmitv between the two families; the Hilliards and the .Waltons.butshe was convinced of it now even more fully thaa The Business Woman's Journal, for October, contains fine portraits of John and Isabella Hooker, with an account of their eolden ding anniversary. -- Other: original articles of interest are "Women in Government Offices at Washington," by Emily L. Sherwoed; ... TT t 't. "Aavice to Mothers, by Maoame rr . uenan, M. IX; "Women on the Wheel," by Mary Barton Lamberton; "Women .and Womens Clubs in California," by Emelie T. Y. Parkhurst and Ella B. Smedley; "Popular Ignorance of Fine Architectural Effects," by ; Iiss Minerva Parker, and "Isew England Newspaper Women," by "Jean Kmcaid. The editor, Miss Marv R Sevmour. begins a series of. lessons in phonography in this , m . n umber..- -; i. m ,:-- ..',.-, , ,.; - ----- :r. ' r --- --. : . 