W 0M A N at Samaria, Nov. .6tb, 18.90. On the stand were Pres. 0. C. Hoskiu?, Conn. William II. Gibbs, several. Malad Stake of Zion met 0f the brethren of the High Council,-anpresidents and Counselors of Relief Society etc. MeetiDg called by Pres. Mary D. Davis of. Samaria, singing "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire." Prayer was offered by Pres! "OCr'lloikiusj 'i'iiipiii". "Thy will be done." Pros. Lucinda ., Hoskiiu made a few opening remarks. The minut3 of last conference were rcad and approved. Pres. Mary 1). liavis repoUednae amaria Society"" as being in a prosperous condition, Eaid the sisters are united and striving to live their religion and dolu all the good iu their U, throughout Zion.. Presidents Hannah-Iiarper,-Lak- Presll asa Jlo wsl Lrcp ox tdMudd yJlreck- ... Societv,said they held their meetings regularly, when they met they had a time of rejoicing and enjoyed a portion of the Spirit of the Lord. Pres. Annie Sawvcr,of Malad City, said the Society over which she presided was in a prosperous condition and tho sisters alive to their duties. Coun. Alary Stewart exhorted the sisters to &ttctd to their meetings; spoke of the great faith and powvr given to those that are humble aud striving to do, the will of tho Lord. Pres. O. C. Hoskins felt hippy to hear the testimonies of the sisters. Spoke of the progress the Church is making; said it has cost the best blood of the nation, besides thousands of dollars, to bring us to the place we are standing in to day. Spoke of the condition of our day schools and the necessity of teaching cur children in the ways of the Lord. - II. ing opened with singing ftpApW.r.JBishoji Johnson was present. Alter a snort interval the Presidency of the Stakpjiouored us with ;tlfcir:prescncc. Sister ' - . Honsaker, Honeyville, SidtMarr'-tlrins:- e SoTehsoTi71iud 6inginrcdnfe till 2 p. m. Benediction by Sister Patten. Afternoon session convened at 2 p. m, meet- - rJbIia-Yelt"--plased'-l- 3ut ha m Gtty re po rtetl-the- tr re re branches, and Sister Watkms "also specti spoke of her personal acquaintance with the Prophet Joseph. Bishop Jenson made some remarks encouraging to the! sisters. Sister Young spoke of a store in Salt Lake City that had beeu started by the sisters, where dry goods are sold, and dressmaking has already been- established; it - is also intended haviug millinery and hair dressing conuecied with the ttore. Pres. 1st Ward, Brigbam City, Susanna P. Booth made a report of the branch over which she presides. Pres. Z. D. H. Young, explained why Sisters JaneS. Richards, and E. B. Wells did hot accompany her, that both had sickness in their family. She then spoke of laboring for the dead, and cheering the poor; prayed God to bless all assembled there. ... J Pres. Widerborg stated there would be a meeting in the afternoon at 2 p. m.,to organize, a Woman's Suffrage Association for Box Elder County, made some closing remarks, and not want to -- forget to gi ve our, cr-c from the city as we had expected ; knew this was the work of God; exhorted the. sisters to live near and follow the teaching of our Savior that we may not go astray. Spoke in the interest of the Woman's Suffrage Association, wished the sisters to attend the meetings, fcc. Sister Bringhurst, from Springville gave tho sisters much good counsel aud advice; also gave a report of the society in that place as being energetic, and the members faithful and trying to do their duty in every way, fcc. Sisf.r ."KHzn Tavlnr renresented lli a Thinl Ward as being united and willing to do all they were called upon to do. President Smoot' said he- was pleased to be with us, regarded this society as of great worth in the Church. Jh his travels through Utah County, had heard" good reports of the society and of its efficiency in helping and providing for the poor ; but there is yet room for improvement; be on the alert; look , after tho poor, com fort them, buoy them up, speak words of comfort to them, that is your mission. We are in a crisis religiously i 1. nr.V i m i.i i n WU' ii ii iuii HVM ivrt k v iv iru i Jv. nr.. 11 ti u'iniiiti im V. JfVlf .i . ii . ii ..i .1 l c ,i vu-tu- t; iirrc3aum"ui-iiie";rcaicscius xnai have ever transpired, the clouds are heavy, and daily the whole nation are arrayed against r.. -i - - -- lief 4 1 h --Wa rd,-B-tig JreXuciuda II o ikinss felt thankful Jor I- tj help-f'rom-tho-Re- y the instructions in this conference, good giviu the sistere would feel that they had hoped been blessed under the instructions that had ibeen. ei d , th a tavftwns th - t rv tv. mi t" i n , D ven,au ' J ."'J practice that which we had heard; said a mothers we need information on a great mauyY subjects especially those things pertaining to i uui iengi;)u. opoKe oi ousuience; toucnea on many irnportaut subjects psrtaining to our tives; of the narrow escape they had irora death in a railroad accident, and of her prayera to God to save theni.r Said I have proved that God is with us and icau skve'his children by his Almighty power. Spoke of the testimony that she bore to her father's house, also upon the Word of Wisdom and various other subjects said there arc crowns awaiting the faithful and I prayed that we may be among the chosen on e3, fcc A te r a - fe w - r e m a r ks fro m Sis te r - Chivers gave in a favorable rr mission of herself and daughter to the States, to attend a gathering of her kindred and. rela -- --- eporii)f-thaJCHe- 32? , young people, with faith to call on the Elders m sickuess. ' Sisters call upon those who are weak, m laith, and cheer themr take 'comfort to iaw poor ana lonely. ones." Spoke upon pride, and quoted some of the sayings of Pres. Young antl ot Pres. Woodruff. )KPt UIFVU Ulii uuiue, me love, iiouor ami purity thereof aud its naturaL results.upon the 'Let us love God aud one another, theyouth. Lord holds the destinies of our, children in His hands." Spoke upon the Deseret Hoanitsil th - there was of Society in all its branches .aud also referred to many more great and glorious things too numerous to record, iu her mild and motherly maDner, ask ing God'a greater blessings on the sisters " d Pres. Eliza EX PON EN T - saldWlo '.. A n Ni Ea Wi xosr, Assistant Sec. i r i t . A i. i. , tO US." 1T w f i ...!.,. - the commandments of God. Let U3 look after urAir STAKE. our children, a rests ou the Minutes of the Conference of Relief Society- - anolhers in this great responsibility holy religion. thing; and may God help you Provo City, Nov, 2'Jth, held Utah in Stake, to be wise in all things is my prayer. Coun. Win. H. Gibbs said, without the aid )0. Sister Mary John presiding, assisted by lb and assistance of God we are not able to edify he? Pres. John. felt to endorse what had been Counselors. Conference opened with sing such an enlightened people as the Latter-dasaid by Pres. Smoot. There was never a tirao and prayer; minutes of former conference when woman's mission was more important Saints; felt proud to hear the sisters bear their ing read and approved, bister L. U. Cluil, was than at the present, in curbing pride and infitestimonies, exhorted us to live humble and see so many out this morning, it pleasedto our Fatuer in heaven would bless us. delity; your mission is one of love, sympathy Was soamtime since she had met rwith us beand comfort and may God bles3 you in your Sister Eliza A. Hall then spake a short time. fore. She had enjoyel her mission to Jusepha endeavors is ' " : Bro. Samuel Davi?,of Samaria, made a few my prayer. muchf felV that wo. wou Id enjoy oursel ves remarks. The Choir sang an anthem; and the Pres. II. II. Clufi said it was eratifyin we are if we are in tne line of pur wherever benediction wa3 .pronounced 1 by Bro. David and have the Spirit of God with us; to feel the Spirit of this Gospel, it is the'work duty, ; Hall. V : are a power of God. L These organiizatidna exhorted the sisters to faithfulness and re i i Eliza A. Hall, Sec. newed diligence in all good work; those that have the approval of God are looking for Society is active the people are active." Wo are on the verge of a change, we have heard BOX ELDER. , , great. events to happen, &c The Relief Society ot the Box Elder Stake Sister Marilla .Daniels followed with good of a change for the Saints from under,, tho Is the change. We are wiclred'aDor'uDgod-iyj'tHineid its Conference in the labernacle " at instructions to one and all, was happy to meet told in the Doctrine and Covenants tnat when Brigham City, Dec. 9, 1890. Counselor Mary with us where we can enjoy the spirit of God. to improve Christ comes thera will be only one half oflho Wricht Dresid infin'Tirir 'Come let us We are blessed in haviug a chance w f and- - help- - each -- people ready for Him, on the watch and 'pi c. a new.V Prayer by Bishop Jenson. Singing oar taients;Tlet us strengthen Sister r tVVly ium l iiuu UU iii iv irvu U fin iki r Vii VUW II inn IW J Uik rUir Johnson, y, Uiory; of all the Saints." Roll called, other. Spoke ofJVthe death of n c uu uc lauuiui, auu lliti I R, Johnson, and Presiv .una uuuiiug, wife of Bishop Minutes of September Conference read and maj ,with continue us, is my prayer. dent of the Relief Society of the 1st Ward of testimony approved. Pres. Olivia Widerborg apologized for being late, also stated that we a faithful sister aud 'we Sister John felt that we had been blest in comdispense with Provo, said she was together and asked the Iord to 1) less us " the verbal time would be short miss her, but sua has tougat the good.. tig ut, ing said, reports after singing, we will adjourn our andasPrea. Ztna D. H. Yroung was with us, and her works will follow her. Great events all, Conference for three months. Benediction bf are nigh and we shall need strength from the wewpuld all wish to hear her. rr 7 Sister Young said, ' We are engaged in a Lord to enable us to stands and that we may. Caroline Daniels, Secretary. ; great and glorious work, I am proud of the Drove faithful was her prayer. A number of the listers here, your faces speak well for you. O, .Presidents gave verbal reports of the society wy sisters,be careful of your little ones, teach over which they pre?i Jea ana aiso iutc strong So far is it from being true that men are them to walk in the leftnnonie.s to the "truth of thid path of our Savior; and faithful fttlthful. to h"id out natural! y CfAi al t hat no two tm pie can b e wnrk. autf iheir e attend your meetiht'i.1 Relief Society member with be to .half an hour together but ODe shall acquire raake better mothers, have more, faith in God, Hiiter Lucy BvYuuug fdt happy tis aAUi clcnelsrbothby-alafct Conference, and "of the , JoJinmi. the 'nistering and nursing; always impress prred since' our ( y , ' r , ' , 1 . w as-th- t , i i JUkVfc . V- 11 e -- - Brotiter-Westi---..:"'-;--'";-.-- -;' ; de-ir- ; aad-da-tn- of eoodirt d f "rr 