82 WOMAJM'S their religion. babes in ' their arms for Jesus was when In the days of Herod arraigned before rulers and Judges He opened not His mouth like a sheep before the shearers, He was dumb; when reading the impertinent , questions asked the Apostles I was forcibly re-minded of the humility of the Savior. Women can tell the Government how to solve the problem: let Congress pass a law requiring every man to marry a wife and the great majority of women petition that honorable body to Teebie.'was wrapped in the National flag and brought to the front to receive congratulations and words of commendation from the Governor and other officials of the jState, which were echoed by the multitude. Our daughters and sons are taught to revere the names and deeds of such women, and band them down to posterity with honor. Lastly; we are told that woman's true position is that of mother. Suffragistsesteem motherhood under proper conditions, as woman's crowning 'glory; but for millions these conditions are nut available. Many thousands are looking for room to earn their bread and apparel, and abking custom to allow them to control their persons, 'choose and participate with their kinsmen in their highest aspirations for the good "of; the home, their-husbands- EXPONENT. makeit Ja wfuLforthemJ.o havaa-husban- are just and true.- - "They are they who are the Church of the first born," Paul speaks of these different glories 1 Cor. 15 ch he says "their bodies ditFer, some are celestial, terrestrial and a lesser gtory likeunto the stars," Joseph" Smith in the vision calls this lesser glory the' ,telcstial, he saw that these did not come forth from their graves till the last resurrection, "some were for Paul, Apollos, Cephas and say they are some of one and some of another, but received not the Gospel, neither the testU mony d. of answering the end of her creation. ' the church, the state, and for humanity. Such E PLURIBUS UNUM. , noble womenwill be help3 meet, (suitable) for men, they will earn the sympathy, confidence THE KINGDOM OF GOD. and ever abiding love of their husbands, brothers, and sons, and the respect of the good Read 2nd Chi and 44th verse of Daniel and true as far as their, sphere, (influence) ex"And in the days of those kings shall theGod tends. Their noble, emancipated, daughters p undxaihhenr blesscdrLifes feif" of hcaveirsetupaki never be destroyed; and the kingdom shall not become- purer nd-far jvironments will-th- us '" be left to other people, but it ghalF break in mo. e harmonious. v ; pieces and consume all other kingdoms, and it Sarah M. Kimball. shall stand for ever." Salt Lake City, Nov. 30, 1891. Daniel said to. the king of . Babylon that the God of heaven had shown him what would TRYING TO SOLVE THE PROBLEM. be in the latter days, "what should come to pass hereafter," the king saw a stone cut out is is it? what it what without hands anJ, itsmote the image upon, today Republicanism, it was a century ago?. Webster's unabriged. its feet of iron and cl&f and broke them to Dictionary does not give the definition of what pieces it became a great mountain, and filled it is today. The next great author anj, the whole earth." will be under the necessity of coining a Now there was a kingdom to be set up by .new word to give the lull meaning of what the God of heaven, I ask, b there such a kingdoRepublicanism is at present. I used to think, m?-does any religious sect of the day prowhen a little r girl listening to my father in fess to be that kingdom? God says "He will do the exciting time3 when Dick Johnson of nothing except He revealeth himself to His Tenn., was a candidate for the Presidency and servants the prophets," He must have prophets the Editors were resorting to all .kinds ot on the earth to reveal himself to in order to "'slander, "for JohhlorT had a colored woman for set up His kingdom, why would it be necesa wife which 'twas said was the cause' of his if sary to set up a kingdom in the Latter-day- s some defeat of his enemies published a poem ther&was iawheh:therCTE3 -- 4efiuiogthe polkic break 7p6werlo ihpieceiall others, and stand as follows: that class of politicians that could for ever. God's kingdom has to be built upon be bought and sold were mongrel puppy, whelp, ,the rock; of revelation,- with officers duly and curs of low degree. I uought then Reauthorized to act in those offices appointed by was father the of Constitution publicanism the, the revelations of God's mind and will, to and the Declaration ot Independence covered bring to repentance all mankind for all have the whole platform of freedom and equal sinned and come short of the glory of God, . rights to all of her citizens, are women citizens not.knowing the truth by their own wisdom if not what are they? Are they classed with neither God,orHis attributes. The knowllunatics and crimnals, no wonder women are edge of God came by His manifesting himself Tor their administhe when to righteous persons, informing them of events contending rights trators of this glorious government have enand things that would take place ' in all ages tered the opening wedge. They use political of the world as Adam, Moses, Noah, Abraham, chicanery pass unconstitutional bills, send out Sarah, Solomon, Samuel, Mary, Elizabeth and Commissioners to confiscate Church property, very many others. Joseph Smith ' -a- . , de-fin- er " this is the testimony last of all, which we giye of Him, that He lives; for we saw Him .eveul n the rightTiand- - of God, and we heard the- voice bearing record that He is the Only Begotten of the Father." Joseph Smith. h -- - and-Olive- adimnjbter-i- & oaths;, .those AvhohavebGUght-thei- r Oowdery me body anlikesrtoweilivithUise on earth, a thousand years. And heret pie who will give heed to the words of a prophet that God raised up to testify to these things? I consider the people that live now, will be under greater condemnation than those who lived in Christ's day. We have the ensampb of the Jews rejection of the Gospel and the calamity that iell upon them as a nation, we have the warning voiee on record to the Gentiles if they reject if, by falling on the same stumbling block, unbelief, which is caused by high mindedness and pride. Book of Covenants,. .''And .'n6yf,..aftejr .manjN; testimonies which have been given of Him, . onem-thLeart- neither-th- e neither-the-prophets- ,-- y will-rise-ti- -- s, everlasting covenant." John says in Revelations', "for the testimony. ,of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy." It i3 very easy for every one to judge the truth those who deny it cannot have it, and truth embraces all thing3 contained in the everlasting Gospel as revealed to former day saints which is one faith saints and Latter-daone Lord, and one baptism. The Lord said to His disciples that He the St)n wa3 the express image of His Father, therefore we rely on His word and know of a surety that God .the et ernaLJEather. h as abod y r h as - parts and we approach Him as a being like unto" His Son, the Savior of the world, who came forth from the grave with that body and ascended up to His Father," and the time is fast approaching when the Savior vill come ith that-sa- Motherhood is the brightest crown that woman wears, Tor she not only fills the halls of Legislation with her own sons, but the ranks of the battlefield with the offeprirgof herown body and yet she has not the'franchise nor the privilege , of-Jesu- Mary Ann Salt Lake City, Nov. 13. Frances Wil lard is the National W. C.T. U. re-elect- ed M. Pratt. .... president of The Countess of Aberdeen i3 now in Chicago arranging for the exhibit at the World's Fair of laces and other industries by the women of Ireland- - A new weekly paper devoted to equal . r sawhIrdW April 3rd, 1836, and the kevs of different started at Toledo, 0. . The editor is Mrs. Claudia Q. Murphy of the Toledo Commercial. dispensations were commited unto them, many great and glorious things wero revealed unto The Illnois Woman's" Press Association gave Joseph the Prophet. A vision pertaining to a reception at the Grant, on November 5, to the three glories was given to him and Sidney one of their most gifted and successful Rigion, February 16th, 1832. It would be well for all Latter-daSaints to read this members, Dr. Alice B. Stockham the author vision, and keep in mind the awful fctate that of that most helpful book "Tokology." The occasion was a to Dr. Stockham those who deny the Holy Spirit after having on her proposed trip around the world. - v received it fall into, and the great joy and blessings that those receive who are faithful The need of having women on the managto the end, they who received the of ing boards of all institutions for children is of Jesus, and believed on H,a testimony Samuel baptized after the manner of His burial, being illustrated anew by the case of Rev. oUonrector orCaroghJCildare, Who was therwater jn His name, accorfrnrt? Jriedm recently charged with criminal neglect and the commandment which He has and given, of the children in Carogh are washed and cleansed from all their sins - He has just been arrested for orphanage. and receive the Holy the Spirit by' queathe that sacred boon liberty to their po- M. hands oLhimho is ordained laying on homicide in having caused the death of & child -by placing it in a cold fath and leaving it in sterity who are - now - in exile. Judge Zane unto this power, and who overcome nsealed faith by the open air all night ,covered merely with a reports thirteen hundred American citizens been sack. In the morning the child was found dead, having imprisoned and even women with which the Father sheds forth upon all those who with the sack frozen to itVbsdy. - seat in the sacred halls of this government with that demon alcohol for the purpose of" violating one single clause in the Constitu-- . tion will pass a way in dishonor and when they meet the patriots gone before, their countenance, will be fallen. Geo. Q. Cannon was the first Apostle that ever graced the hall3 of Congress, I feel sale in saying he never Bought oue tingle vote, when votes can be bought and sold such men are not qualified to keep sacred and inviolate that heaven born inspired Constitution that guarantees to all its citizens, the right to worship God according to the dictates of their o wn conscience; when the iron htel ot oppression stood heavily upon the neck of our Puritan Fathers, our Mothers brought forth patriots and statesmen such as never graced the earth, who gave their lives to be- . y "God-Speed- " ' ttl-treatm- X ent 