WOMAN'S 48 two or three cf the wards opening on to that landing. The junior nurse is feeling some, what independent and' consequential by this time. She does not have to act by herself; there U always an experienced nurse on the ton floor to whom she can refer in case of emergen cy or otherwise. A nurse mav never have been up all night in her life before, so the first nigbt 13 rather exciting and anxious; she is very wide awake until two or three o'clock in the morning When the effort to keep awake i3 really painfuf. A njrdat nurse does not sleep, that goes without dose when all is quiet saying, and should she " she has always one car open. Imagine a , rather young nurse peering around the large wnrd with the aid of an antiquated lantern? It would throwT all shadow and the least possible ray of light and. anywhere but . where It Was WailltU. ouuicLiuico lis misciauio nuio lifrlif would po out and the wick have to be pnelTed'tfandT-elit- f thca-it-w- ou ld-spita- nd EXPONENT of his caustic wit at a woman who is nobly do ing her duty in Jifes hard battle and who strives to brighten her toll by sprinkling o'er her pathway some of the sweet flowers- ofpoesy, we feel that he prostitutes, his genius by putting it to a debasing use. In all charity jv'fiwill pres ume the gentl era an to - have been dyspeptic at the time or his article on the poetesses of the ''Call" and so with the of our sex we extend to him our heartfelt sympathy. Why does a leading San Francisco Daily. devote so much space to Professor Annie Oppenheim the English and her so called "novel profession" when wChave in our midst a lady who has devoted 35 years of her life to this important science; who eleven years ago published her first book on "Physiognomy" and who now has a magnificent and exhaustive work before the public, one which has received the highest and has been translated into several languages? We refer to Mrs, Mary O. Stanton of the Women's Press Association, who has been asked to Lecture before the medical fraternity of the Toland College, and we think that when intelligent Americans have listened to, read and digested the wonderful discoveries of their own country-womeit wi 11 then be time to run after - 1 1 of superintendent of a coal mine, at Ashland, Pennsylvania, since the death of her husband several years ago. She employs 180 men, and is liked by them. At an:eanynour. she appears at the head of the shaft, and she remains there until thermen"have airgone to work. She keeps a close supervision over the prop, ping of the mine and the air supply, and k actively benevolent to the yives and families of the miners. Not a single accident has op. curred in the mine since she assumed charge - ity , A Phreno-Physiogno-mi- of it. ' st , but as though it meant to burn well, splutter . . , ' ..1J iL. somenow it never wouiu uuu iu gas vmuit low on the landing. When I think of that lantern I can go all through ray night duty over again. We have a helper to letch and carry things for us, and she can be very useful in many ways. She may be as ''good as a n u rse or s hem ayha y ea Jan cy Jor goss l pi ng anu so with "her friends during the to sleep at night, and such a lady is rather a foreign professors. Marian Taylor. trial. The patients have a way of dying at njght in spite of the very best efforts of the. nurie NOTES AND NEWS. to keep them alive, until morning. Some Anna M. Rothest, of Brooklyn, has just helpers "never could go anigh a dead body," and the mind "don't things but they fetching been a patent for an upper case reauires treadlegranted cf anoint? outside rnfthe screen." It attachment for typewriting machines. PHLvwq considerable nerve on the part of the nurse to To the query, " What have women to do mo uuuio ui iuc iu suiaii UUl Jaiicui lay with politics?" the best answer generally is, morning; when the wards are silent and i t "Politics have so much to do with women." . gloomy-iherJ&anM there is not much of the ''beauty of death" Westminster ana Lambelh Uazdw. iu these cases, but we get used to it after a The Woman's Union for- - Good Works, ; time organized at- Ilayerhillass. s6me; months - - When we. become wore experienced we have age, has nearly 800 members and- has underour emergency hospital night duty. We taken, as its first important work, the opening occasionally speak of this in rather string of a boarding home for young women. The language; call it "that awful night duty," society comprises women from all the churches "that dreadful night duty." Here is where and is strictly undenominational. a nurne's mettle comes in. She has long -- The fine art of life is too little considered. jj'ours fourteen, and besides the care of the to get The end of life is life itself. It is not a book, patients she has the real "ward work" The o'clock in the morning. or a statue, or a painting, or a newspaper; it done before eight there are this is1 character. Because one is doing or enhospital very sick; patients in has critical the cases nurse do to a great work, does it follow are no "chronics," deavoring to watch, and upon her devotion and judgment that he shall permit himself to grow irritable, 'Uvlifa nf tha rmfi'pnt mnxr dpnpnd FfprA tViP exacting, jealous or contemptible in his manL n H.l r lnrr r wl r . r i rl Iuuiu Is not the life UOClOra UtO JJUIU nuiivcu kauj auu uiguu ner of contemplating life? U is she consjderate, and the nurse, if very more than meat? Lilian Whiting so ana oiten has reluctant to call the doctor, LelsMlaboritrc cases oome 01 ine inai an anxious time, or girls the girls who are to are truly 'rising generation iu during the -- night come cause lor us, it it is ever to be won The burnt cases are the worst; win our that woman suffrage means nothing else than toex is acute, and they suffer dreadtul agony. theriegaMght of interest to every intelligent on At about fiveo'clock the nurse begins to feel wornquestions eth er Wh that voman be-- a phy sician , an, rather badly. She has to brace herself up or a leader of society, or a sheltered houseand put on a big spurt to get through the matters not a whit she need' give up nmrninfr'a work, and perhaps at eight o'clock mother; her habits of life to be a- suffragist no iota of she will go to bed without her J ireakfast a later voter. jDoro MndL ' and, . Mrs. Frances Woodring has held the office ' Vi 0 M A fi ' S TH E TR Edited and published weekly D. Price, $1 C, 00 B U HE. at Washington, Bewick Colky. Trial Subscriptions, five bji-CLAK- a I year. The Woman's Journal, of Boston and the Woman's Tri bune, of Washington, D. C will be sent to one address for $3.00 per year. VAN. M. I). MRS. M. OFFICE. 324, 325 Third Floor, Constitution HOURS. 8 to 10 a. m., 4 to 6 p. m. Building n, -- - Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUIPOISE WAISTS, ETC. Dress Iff ah ins in all its branches, Millinery, lates style?. Hats and llonnets cleaned and retrimrned Ineathers curled, et Stnmplnsdoco to order, liat. tons covered wnue you wait, J. , a . . TsJn isuriai Juits a specialty. south Hall. ili. ..hrst OpiHHilte Citystreet, JLZO . T3 -- -- -- 26,28, 30and32 East 1st SouthSt., , 1 -- SALT LAKE CITY. v The Leading Retail Oaslx House. E.KTHOMAS -- Special to the Ladies. heart-rendin- g - . Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper W. P, A. s eloquently on the subject of "Kindergartens" President Jordan in given At t.hA Receution w 4 San Fraucisco,-Aug- . loth. It would be better if a certain Marion Foster,- the "little invalid artist" of New York, is at the Ocean House, Newport. Miss Foster is a niece of.Secretary : Eoster, of Presiden t Harrison's Cabinet. She is looking up;subjects "from every State in the Union for her historical painting for the World's Fair at Chicago, in 1893. Miss Foster proposes to put on canvas the most distinguished statesmen, senators and mem-ber- a of Con gresswh o - wil 1 - be in office in 1895 and 1893. The paintings, affer the exhibition of the World's Fair,will be returned to the capital. Miss PERSONALS. well known Journalist of San Francisco had more of the milk of human kindness iu his composition; we can ailord to smile when he attacks his jiwn sex but when with a zeal, worthy of a better cause he persistently directs the shafts - AT TE ASDEL'S be Will found tho latest styles and piodactions in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FAKS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, TIES Z-3llB- Q "And an elegant assortmenf of DS"Y" GOODS: Special department for Ladies Misses' and fantas Shoes. : In- : , TIKKERS JCAS.WATEn & STEAM FITTERS H Agent for RU J1SE Y'S celebrated LIFTand FORtfrom PUMra. Pumps Repaired on short notice. Orders be country promptly responded to. SAVD JASI23, Eox 3C3, SALT . LA2S CJT?. 