WOMAN'S A FRAGMENT. 'only take my hand in thine, and all my pulses thrill ta ' thee; An indefinable, transporting joy; which lifts my soul in ' ' .' " fhee; I call'st from out the deep recesses of my soul sweet sympathy I'm launched as 'twere into a maze of doubt I seem in retrospection's cloudy land And misty phantons shift and change to view," ' . And all the somtre past wears violet hue, And shadowy forms appear which erst I knew While I sit silently and hold thy hand. . j my lost delight; v fitjnig a,ijci "u-w- ty Mortal 'twas but a'glimpseToriove and heaven- ,r" Back now to earth and thorny patlis '. agam,'.r" Stern duty holds-&-wit- h rein. Plod on, and strive some vict'ry to obtain, V. And love eternal will to thee be given. E B. W, THE OREGONIA. CANTO " Kaysville, Utah. ' , "OBEDIENCE." W'hatTeverenraWherTolidesrrip Nature hears departing Day's farewell. Slow sinks the orb of day, but ere his beams '" - Of 'i purest crimson vanish to illume ' Another world, his parting lustre streams ' " ' On dusky pinion, wings her drowsy flight, : No clustering gems, her rayless crown adorn One star, but one, precursor of the morn, Looks on the slumbering earth, and in the stream, That cleaves its rushing course between rock-worAnd mossy cliffs of gloom, jts heavenly beam. n Glassed in her running crystal, glow's with living gleam. C. HoRAj IO JESSOX. itiaiiifesfallection toward their parents. If a child loves its parents it should be manifest in it ohp li CHEEHFOLKESSr I M V rV luCil 1 Ct 13 Art tAM vf fcicatci, . n .. i virtue I Janl aaiitsik'uDsErne'to s cveiy-jiay- I I the .day, -- or gentle, renewing moisture" to parched herbs. The light of a cheerful face diffuses itself, and communicates the happy spirit that inspires it; the sourest temper must sweeten in the atmosphere of continuous good humor. Be cheerful always. There is no path but will be easier traveled, no loads but will be lighter, no shadow on heart or brain but will lift sooner in presence of a determined -- -- thorns rr"'A3ng the wooded height .whergrjfalijlooms The buds of Autumn, while theemerald-plum- eThat heavenward points from Nature's temple, bends In Glory's sea and wood and crag assume Each heavenly tint that evening kindly lends, Till in one lovely scene, Earth's wildest beauty blends. " cliff-Tsime down Upon this pine-cla- d '7 ' In Nature's mighty presence; round me rise Perennial snows that soft arid coldjy crown The rock-ribbf palace of Eternity's Untrodden realm, mingling with azure skies t r- nf A solitary eagle proudly flies, As ifto m oclc the vani ty of man JVje .'. can. pride-ca- : ; not -- e'en tread where lesser 'natures - ... r Speed on majestic stream!" eternal tide Of beauty and sublimity, speed on! Stern gfandeur lingers on thy pictured side And views his form in living crystal, drawn From purity's untainted snows ; upon Nature rears her fane Thy shore, In solemn stillness; as Creation's dawn Beheld, her mingled beauties still remain crag-crown- 'd - o toHis Obedience -.; of God forever. "Sir," said the Duke of Wellington to one of. his officers, "I did not "ask your opinion, I gave you my orders, and I expect them obeyed. " ujeh jh ou l d.. .Iml ihe oheUieace - of: ; aa" Gentlemen and Ladies: Having been called upon to write upon the subject pf woman's rights, I have prepared a fejyjvrds in response to th e i n vi t'a'tro'nnda2JfaV expression, of talhei-parents'- :'The"-beit"6bedienc- : is a willing and cheerful one, this kind- of a spirit is as,f sweet. a3 honey. Ajittle boy once - jsald, I wish I could mindTGod as my little ddg rninds me, he always looks so pleased to mind Shall the poor little'dog thus obey his master, and our children .rebel 'against their parents and God? I hope not.:. -- Woman's right3 seems to me to so much importance that every womanlhould be interested in it, ' and should mosjiearnestly endeavor to contend for it inxproper way and manner. There are only afew women who have their just rights,Jinll who i3 it that deprives them of these?'' It is our brother man. 1 often think - 113rK . WOMAxVS RIGHTS. bef . b no frarner of excuses, don't Jiipute, .argue, aad.reaonr but)beyr thfiU Minnie Hulb e rt. iudividuar feelings, 1 . . -- my 1 1 to the narents.to its teachers, and should ha fho pride of home and the schoolroom. ''To obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the ;.wilL and bear every duty and burden better by being cheerful, it will.be your counselor in solitude, and your passport in society, Genuine cheerfulness is. an almost certain index- , happy mind. .i'.. 4 I 1 mandserfect-andbsolute)1edienc- iessif only forT)ersonar profit. You will do a I - Wrow and-tht- ei JJ fat of rams." "Honor .thy father and thy." mother, that thy days may be lone in the laud," is the voice of the word of God. The Baviorsays, "Not my will but Thine be done." .This we call obedience. A carnal heart is willing. to render obedience as long as n win- Ferve semsn enas, it goes no lurther, but true obedience is the. forsaking of our own wishes, to the will of our parents while under their care and to our God al way 8. God com- - ed ?.cy.dome;.-.whae.o!er4he;heiglrti5kj-sca- God formed the body and spirit of menaild women. lie breathed into us the spirit of life, hence we should obey H im. O, Israel what doth tbe Lord require of thee, but to fear the Lord thy God, and to keep His statutes, He commands us to believe, and why? that we may bo saved. A child of God is delighted to obey, hence, "I have rejoiced in the way of his testimonies as much as in all riches. ' A king is made happy in the obedience of his subjects. Parentg are honored by the obedience of their child- - Now heaven and earth are stillr celestial night Hath drawn her curtain's Inky folds, and borne d .. - . r" cheerfulness. It may, at times, seem difficult for the happiest-tempereto keep the countenance of peace and wntejitM vanish when we consider that sullen gloom and passionate despair do nothing butmultiply FIRST. - How deep the stillness! 'tis the twilight hour Wiien- gntle zephyr wareshertownyvvTrigs And from the bloom of foliage-mantleShower Where bends the cypress and where softly swings The laurel's graceful pendant, kindly flings ' O'er slumbering earth her perfume's balmy spell, How blest the calm that peceful twilight brings L.ciieerfulness.-Thi- Spca.KS man. I am in every sense of the word an advocate and a defender of woman's rights, and I trust the day will shortly' come when woman's cause will triumph and she will stand freo and un . trammelled by any of .the restraints now im posed jiponiier sex, - b A II All' IS. LAYTON. By As pausing - ' d - -- - -- r: mortal gazeJfuil oft my step hath trod Thy shore where human form Ivath rarely been, .Where Contemplation consecrates the sod, And views beyond the realms of Nature, Nature's God! - Thus wrapt with silence as a mantle round my soul, thoughts come and go. And answ'ring echoes from the distant past seem tippling soft and low. And all the while I feel the magic touch That brings such harmony of sight and sound ' And charity and love my bosom swell, . With thdt intensity no tongue can tell, And thy bright presence vivifies the spell; And I am treading on enchanted ground, Thou'rt gone! the vjsionfledM and.pimdijtarftare- jjlj. J sober night Reigns all around in darken'd robes, and mocks as 'twere , where-Meditatio- , i. : . , our lair laud, but over all the world. When that day comes many evils will be tramnled beneath our feet, that today are tolerated by - g ever-changin- i ' loved to haunt thy mossy dells, And gaze upon thine scene, To pass the hours '. dwells In woodland stillness, or to deck serene Reflection's shrine with memory's wreath, unseen Methinks I wander dreamily "mid bo'w'rs of roses without " """" -- thorns,And e'en the air is conscious, with the beauty which the scene adorns. And rippling brooks make music in my ears, And lightest zephyrs whisper' 'mid the trees, As though the fairylves made holiday, And witching charms of nature's melody Envelop ev'ry sense in mystery, And subtlest perfumes float upon the breeze. i t have "An ; Tlicni i -- rose. peat up fountains of my inner life gush tenderk.l- O"" ' to term woman, but everything that ..goes wrong is in many, yea, in most cases,, put upon woman's shoulders, for her to carry as best she can. v.I, believe in honoring man in his own place but at the same time I do believe his wife should have equal rights with him. I am pleased to see the ladies striving to shako off the chains that have so long enslaved us, and I shall rejoice to see the day when freedom's he" is" pleased thy-sldej . . -- The right-are that man h&s uncalled for and unrighteous as authority Jyer those.ofthc wealcer-sex- ", iTiyTrowmng cliffs as wild As ever shaped in Nature's 1 magic mold. 'Thy 'shores as green as Eden's garden smiled. When earth to man her heavenly stores unrolled I. Degenerate the heart the bosom cold, That looks on thee, Columbia, nor glows With rapture, where the soul may hold Conversewith Nature,, and from her repose, Guide grateful thought to IIira beneath whose power she -B- , ' 35 ..'Time hath not spiled her charms, nor mortal rinrr'd her ' reign. I ecstacy; Some charmed spell which life invigorates, A potent power that wakens tenderness; And truest comfort doth to me impart An intuitaticn of my woman's heart, Which seems of some lost love a counterpart ' And adds its joy to hum.in happiness. EXPONENT. NE Fro vo, Utah. John. Surely happiness is reflective, like the light of heaven; and every countenance bright with smiles and glowing with innocent enjoyment is a mirror transmitting to others- - the rays of. a supreme and ever shjning benevolence. Washington Irving AaI- - , 