XV OMAN'S EXPONENT the And rejoice assurance, lie giveth His loved Murphy Died at 3 A. M. way they have not much variety; they usually ones sleep'. Ryan Temperature, xoS ; pulse, 126;"- respiration, 30; object to goap and water. Mary Pitchforth, - As a rule the nur&e3 are as zood to the Antifcbrine, grains iii,, and other rrdicintjs given as ordered. Poultice applied last at 6 A. "Si. Committee; patients as they ci& he. Many of them restless Patient rerr passedAss't. Sec. Emth night.7, Clayton, : remain in the hospital for a Jong time, and a so on, through the other cases in the. And nurse has the opportunity... of showing them ese n otes - a r e - s ign ed - by- -1 he - n igh t email kindnesses, perhaps writing a letter of ward DR. MAGGIE C. SHIPP nurse, who now comes in with the keys, lookgiving them a garment or a few cents to pay well fagged. thpJr p?ir farp. fn fhrwp fpiHniis rasfiS of ing pratty Will commence another class in I am sorry I have kept is where treatment the only palliative phthisis for the keys, but I have been so Obstetrics and -Nursing, a nurse can be much to the patient. The you waiting not do.wn could on I sooner. a Had busy get patients in the emergency hospitals are some- death in Ward 4, as well as the one here, SXondny, October JLOth, XOOl, what different; they are mostly of the mechanic G AT HER OFFICE, in and Ward a from pa'tient suffering class and usually quite sick. That means delirium tremens, besides the ordinary work." Ko. 18 S. MAiy STilEET, SALT LAKE CITY. business and getting them wellrand they pass I now go over to where my assistants are on. Ihey are not so poor they can evtn oiler their caps and aprons and getting us money, either by way of bribe or reward. puttiugon THE TRIBUNE, the for work. Mis necessary together things handsome a nurse sum of the heard I having Miss At are" here" but where is Miss often dollars offered to her, and I came near W. and Edited and published weekly at Washington, W. Miss II.? answers: D. C, by Clara Bewick Colby. only the having a pair of diamond to called on was ''She the go up patient changed his mind and J would not Price, SI. 00 a year. Trial Subscriptions, five maternity service. The superintendent missed weeks for 0 cents. undergo the operatiou." asked tell me to that and another you you, in of this sketch are The "helpers" spoken TVnirnal. and the Womnn's Tri .Tin. - Rnston. V ...... j nf " ' VI ' t IJV Wnman'c .4 d.nQ Lb ujseGoul ji one-a- db& sen women to ttuituutu iu me worKnouJO un knTOfya5rnrigtoTrr Oh, dear, thirty-twpatients in the ward, s dress lor 3.00 per year. Blackwell's Island for, varying, from, three five so them have and of to that they helpless ' days to six months, and for such offences as be fed and cared for like D. M. M. VAN. E. MRS. babies,two pneumonia drunkenness, vagrancy, and fighting in the number of phthisical and the usual and OFFICE 324, 325 Third Floor, Constitution Building streets.' From the workhouse they are sent, to cases, 8 to 10 a. m., 4 to 0 p. m. rheumatic HOURS. Well, well, grumbling subjects. do the scrubbing, laundry work, ?tc, in the institutions controlled by the Commissioners won't do the work, so we'll have to make the of Charities and Corrtecl ion, who are obliged best of it. Each of my assistants, .armed with a pile of by law to use their labor. Most of them are clean sheets and pillow-case- s proceeds to the 1 yuu uuuuic iuiu Uiu ouuucu, victiiuica jiubj end ward and lower commences of the .the ITand on Keeps the prison van after the laconic "ten days" of beds while to AND of write task I go DRESS COODS TRIMMINCS, FANCY, made, getting the police justice, But thdv are "all ages of BOOKS , AND ARTICLES NOTIONS, list clothes of the the for laundry. Bridget bad eggs' as one of them" once said tome, AND STATIONERY," EQUI''and-- take and fakru'together they form a curious class. counts the clothes while J stand .by POISE WAISTS, ETC. down the number of each of the different In all it branches Jlillinery, Ints HresHIaklnir in most are punctilious always speaking They Iloniiets clenned and rctrimmedf and are tied in large s'ylcs, Ilatn of each other as "ladies," and the' much abused articles. This done, theywash-hetc. curien, I'atlir9 siampinguDrt. 10 orner. jsut. ise. tons covered while vou wait, liurial Suit a Specialty, word i3 somewhat amusing when applied, to a bundles and sent to the Now the medicines are to be given out. I Til FIST SOUTH STIIUET, 7.7- stout virago with a variegated eye. 0 1NO. DO ill. Turee dewrs wcjst of Theatre. while and conva a prepare them, Drunkenness, their common vice, and the measure cause of all their .woe, is delicately alluded to lescent patient carries them round, to those in bed. My list is a long one, and it takes fully a3 a "weakness" or a "failing," and some of in "' sweet . - -- -- -- .-Th "Good-morning- -- ; " " , WOrflANj; ear-ring- s, last-nigh- t " " f J " L.-G;T-- wiU . o . Womi o 4birtyficmiouie$JbfciWe llieiirmtrTathtf times they have beeuMsent up," while others tributed, the bottles wiped off, and the medicine closet put in order. My next move regard it as the inevitable. Once I had to 1. ... . -- a M :- uu as -. uourvvay iu vnurity, j3jtatakeaJisL " 1 snu -muveu , I. 1 utT renewed, and leave it ready for the doctors minutes past signature. it is now twenty-fiveight, and Miss A. and Miss'W. are making" as good progress as possible at their respective rides; for it must be remembered that a nurse has often to stop what she is doing to attend to the wants:, of snmo particular patient, or, to carry out an order if the time is due. pail I recognized her and said, "What, Mary, are you here agaiu? I thought you weren't coming back." Her faco fell as sho answered, "Yis, m'm, I thought so too," and then she brightened up and said proudly, "But it was the iliirantest wake vou ever see."- -Some of. them again are decent and quiet enough when not poaessed by the devil of drink, and it often happens that one of this RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. better class will stay on as a helper after' her To the memory of Mary Ostler Ockey, who departed nerhans feelini?o that she sentence has exnired. I ." this life, Sept. 9th, 1891, of typhoid fever. She was bora is protected from herself while the river is between ner ana ner ooon companions, but Sept. 28th, 849, in Bridgeford Dorset, England. She sooner or later she is missing some day, she was the daughter of John and Sarah Ostler, and the wife has ' 'gone o ver and UilsKe comes back at 4 of Charl 26, 28t 30 and 32 East 1st SoutliSt. e SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail OllS 1 1 ten of whom are living. Deceased was an active member in the prison boat. Here follows the journal of an ordinary of Relief Society holding the. pfiice of teacherat the time at fMmritv IFrvsnitnl bv nno nf rlA KpaH. of her death. Whereas it -- lias pleased our Heavenly Father to call .nurses: from our midst by the hand of death, our beloved sister "Time: 7.30 A. m. and iriend; 'tlterefore-t)e44- 1 Resolved, that' we recognize in her death the loss of a a few patients up these have faces washed friend.and co laborer in the Second Ward Relief and hair combed the majority in bed with true of ' this duty still to be performed for them. A Society Ncphi Resolved, that we the members of the Relief Society of .part of the floor at tho front of the ward Kephi, tender our sympathy to the bereaved husband and scrubbed. Mary one of my prison helpers children who are deprived of the care and counsel of their is washing dishes at. the 'table, and Bridget, beloved mother. the other, is taking soiled cloths from a large Resolved, that a Tcopy of these resolutions be sent to the can and sorting them for the wash. family, also published in the and Woman's-- . Ex- The atmospheres contains -- none too much l!USNXaridihat.the.sajac-.be--plaoe-po- Ensign the records of ; o xy gen ; th is" can' be :;ex nl ai ft ed by sayi u g th e this Society--"-'-t- -- (v . -- -- . . erase Casli 5peciaOB .theLadies. AT TEASDEL'S and tto Will be found .' latest styles in , pioduetions - RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES UACES And an elefeant assortmenf . of. Special department for Ladies' Misses' and rent's ttiocs " f 112, 114, 116, 118 Mast Temple Sir -- . night-nurs- e is finishiug, her work in one-- of "Weep not that her toils are over, weep not that her race the other wards, and the patients in her is run; absence have taken the precaution to close all God grant we may rest as calmly when our WGrk like hers the windows for fear of taking cold. After is done; giving an order for the window to be let 'Till then we wouldyield with gladness, our treasure to Him to keep, down,I take up the night notes md readr--"" . ' TINfiERS CAS.WATER & STEAM FITTERS . for RUMS EYS celebrated LIFTandFORL'K PUMPS, romps Repaired on short notice. Orders irom Jhe eocntry prom pt Iy je s po n d ed.,to " UT5 JAKSsJ Bex 3C3. SALT LASS fflT. ".. 3-A?- ent 