WOMAN'S EXPONENT. WORDS OF CHEER; To The Author's Esteemed Friend Mrs. Hannah " T. Kim;; -- -- '" A Fragmint. easy sailing in the summer weather, Athwart the tranquil wave; But 'tis the storms of life that show us ever The true, the staunch, the brave. Fate wills it that the sunshine's warmest lovers ' But rarely feel its glow, Yet 'neath affliction's cloud that o'er them hovers, Many-i- n beatitygrovv; And never is their courage so surprising, . : : Their efforts so supreme As when Misfortune's billows fiercely rising-H- igh as themounlains seem. dm f " .. opened the Bible for each6f the ladies and wrote the verie onvhich her eve rested. After the dinner, which was a 'sumptuous onc-wiice cream and strawberries for desert by request of the hostess each lady read her card and each one eeemcd to feel she had an appropriate verse. Then Mr3. Kimball taking me ieaa tne ladies rose, and before leaving the table each.in turn made a little sneech allud- ing to their association with the one in whose honor they had met together, and it was de cided to meet again next year at the home of - . ..... one oiv.l tne Imates present. After dinner conversation upon the same subjects- - was continued jand other literary . f rri were read; it was a very papers rs. ir iungs enjoyable and exceptionally agreeable party, and the ladies were very grateful to Mrs. Kim ball for her unique tribute to the memory of one so dear to them all. It was a day never to oe iorgotten by those present The name3 of those who responded to the invitation were Mesdames Louisa iWncer. f -- 1 . .' oi-ii- Oh wherefore are they sorely bruised and tempted, These earnest ones and true? These burthen'd souls.who scorn to be exempted, From helping others too? ? ... Beloved and honor'd friend so highly gifted " Yet often times distressed; Rejoice in this, that those who strengthen others - Must needs in turn be blest. (Mrs. L TIM 1 M. Isabella Home, .King's . r r daughter), .1 . .Elizabeth Howard, Fewson Smith, Elizabeth Mcbarlane-AIic- e Weinel, Emily H. .Wood- mansee and Jbmmelme 15. Wells. E. B. W. -- Life, cannot be a failure, blank and dreary To one who joy imparts, Whose aim, whose pleasure 'tis to help the weary And comfort sorrowing hearts. . LETTER FROM MISS ANTHONY. Not to tha soul who glides through this probation Will God award a crown? Rochester, New York, June 1 2th 1891. The noblest spirits rise through tribulation My Dear Mrs -- Enclosed-i&-report- Was ever pathway thornier and loughcr-- Tfian.'tfiat' whicH jteinr trod? Oh is it strange that those who toil and suffer Are well beloved ofG6d? ; . : . MEMORIAL BAY. reacned borne the mht be floors and sister My V. , . . or the old and when the masons, carpenters, painters, hangers, etc., were done with their part, she placed the few . .r ., ' nice oia nits in my rooms, and Mrs. Ureenleaf, Mrs. L. (J. bmithr and other friends, placed carpet3, chaiT37etc, whfch with dear Rachel's nice old oak set, and my elegant, great writing desk, and Mrs. Se wall's splendid chair, make our room3 look cosy and home like once more. Since the deathoflimr--de-ar mother, eleven years ago,' my sister h as not floor... kept house, hut. only kept her meals her taking with the renters. But now we have the entire house all to ourselves and our friends who .come to see us. Next week to the Adiron-dack- s with the Rev. Anna Shaw, to visit a 1 1 well-learne- l 1 1 bed-roo- m . IN REMEMBRANCE OF HANNAH T. KING. .A few of the very particular friends of Mrs. H. T. King (deceased) spent a very .pleasant afternoon at the residence of Mrs. Sarajb M. euuwuay u une i rra. ine ooject was "to observe the day in. memory of that venerable lady, authoress, aud poetf who had contributed so much for the enjoyment or others. The idea originated with Mrs. Kimball the hostess, she communicated it to Mrs. Eliza- . t .i hstk. U coniereo together; uunmu, auu mey cards ol invitation were issued totwelve ladies, and meantime Mrs. Kimball made the 'necessary preparations. The. afternoon was spent in reminiscences of Mrs. King, the reading of interesting letters she had written to the ladies present, poems, fragments of poems, sketches etc., these with conversation her me and friendships occupied concerning the time, until dinner was announced at five p. m. Vases of beautiful flowers, roses predominating ornamented the ' table and beside each plate an 1 few Banker, in their summer home After June 25th I shall be at home with and to myself and friends until the timetogo to Washington; and then,- no"Rigg's -- House wilh dear Mrs. Spofford in it, but we shall haye a home with her, I - I wish I had a ' I could tell you of - Ieasant-visit-wit- b1 Mrs. Hooker in her lear old home ih Hart ford; a nice time in Brookline with the Garri sons, the week Hf the - Boston Anniversaries wh i ch seeme 1 to h a ve res&l ved themselves in to those, of the liberal religious and reform societies; Unitarian, UniversaliHt, Free Religious, Heredity, Moral E(Jucation,Nationalist, Woman bunrage,.etc. En route home, I spent a few days with Mr. and Mrs William Whiting in their beautiful home in Holyoke. One day was devoted to a luncheon party of a hundred or more ladies in their farm log cabin! v. - r m fire-plac- e, lore-stick- C7 of-them- , - on-Ioo- 11. k. n. . x -- ee to in-goi- ng red-M!ilenbr3andfgu from the fl J ""-.- O- - muslin are simply plainMil unbleached .... " - miracuIouSj ; over the my father, built' in large bl(J school-roo- m in which we, and our neighbor's children were taught by the best of wobd-she- d, teachers those day3 afKrded. Avell I Jived oyer the olden times, though but very few of tHe older people were there. " On that evenlp Springsrand took Ta drink from the Old Congress Spring, and on Wednesday evening reached home at 0:30 and. on Th u rsday re veniDg the . paper tel Is you what happeried,vand now' I am enjoying all the good will of all my dear friends of today. -- J. : Ex . " the Battenkille, on which are the towns oiBatten ville and Center Falls, where we lived from 1827 to 1815. fhere I went through from garret to cellar the two very old houses brick house that ijeorgeW large Hatteii ville, in 1832, the ay9-:with"Mr;andrr8r trust nevertheless. three miles down the river. The Connecticut valley is lovely, and tlLir loiro cabin! with- ex- worthy the grandest old back quisite , beautiful polished floors. log and and the lunch served by a Sprincfield caterer in most approved modern style, not that of our dear old Grandmother's. After the tahlpa were cleared.' Mrs. AVhitintr called on me for a talk, which I proceeded to giye,the'm-fo- ranother hour, of which Mrs. Whitiuir writes me the enclosed! The other day was spent in driving up the lovely valley six miles to Mount Uolyoke heraiuary, troinir through the various buildinjrs, teeing the triris. over two hundred and in the great old kitchen looking upon neat plateaus oi beautiful, litrht sweet- smelling bread, biscuits, and cake, aU made by the girls during the morning. Two hundred dollars gives a eirl all the advantages of this school, and each one must do a certain amount of the work of the- - hcraFeN&tf ntfe '""coajier anil heavier parts of it are done by hired women, but still there is plenty for them to do: making the beds,- sweeping the rooms, ironing their own clothes, setting and serving the tables, washing the dishes, etc. and all is done in the memory of the sainted Mary Lyon, wnose monument stands under the grand old trees that surround the build in its. Then on Sunday I went to Cheshire, to dine with my mother's dear cousin. -- Mrs, Anna Jenks Richardson, 95 years of ace. briVht and cheerful in her She and her husband. Ira Richardson, .and my grandfather Read. were Universalists m tbe loner aL'O when it cost much more not to believe in eternal torment than it does Brother Briggs now. Then I hied me to the house of my grandfather Anthony, who lived in it from the dav of his marriaget with Hannah Lapham in 1792. to his death at the age oi ninety-siyears. There Lmet the two VGunxiet,br W J seven and eighty three; thence with my cousins, I drove to Boweu's Corners; on --one-of TvhiehrmyiatheTahd motheriit thetr house tbe year they were married, where their three older Lnrlsand eldest son D: Hr-wborn. Old Graylock Mountain rears its head on the West and Green" Mountain chain for tifies the East, while Hoosick River winds its way northward to the Hudson, with factories of all sorts lining its banks. The scenery is more beautiful than I can describe, and now clothed in its June dress, it 13 simply lovely! Accompanied by my coujins, I spent Monday over the immense print morning works of Arnold and Company, in North Adams, and such things, of beauty of all ros ty-thr- fore, to find lovely new rugs on the and paper on the walls. newpaint . T ill il . miasc nas ueen m ine or repairs borne the past two months and more; 1 And bids the angels keep strict account of all our sacrifices; : And all who sow will reap." &u'- - .o- last evening, "Our Father", withTIis children sympathises d Nothing is lost, the hardest lessons Fit compensation bring; And there's an endless future bright with blessings For Hannah Tapfi eld King. . Emily H . Woo dmans'ke. Salt Lake City, - X th Hailr dauntless hearts! who 'reft of fairest chances, Are neyer vanquished quite; Hail, sterling souls!. whose steadfast help advances The victory of Right. A W . Their loyalty to truth, their brave presistence; . Is never sway'd by fear; So firm their faith: in Heavens benignislan ' Tlie faint - xA)iv7 artistically arranged bououet of th.fi ehnicMt fragrant blossoms and ...leaves,.-- , a double card tied with ".'white ribbon with the name of the lady on the outer card nnd ntwn. ing underneath was a motto to Mrs. King and a verse from oue of the Psalms" for earh npr son. Mrs. Kimball made this a sort nf tri bute, to Mrs. King's memory as she wa3 specially iona ot the 1'salms. Mrs Kimball Lovingly yours, usan B. Anthony. There are 402 women studying in the Swiss universities. Mrs. May Wrisht Sewallailed for Franr v i ' June 13, with Mr. Sewall. ; , - 