WOMAN'S EXPONENT ICO . - 7'Dearest UIK ability. Curtis. well as as .1 Died at West Jordan March 6th, 1891 of pneumonia," Sister Betsy Jenson. The deceased was born Oct. 15th, i8ji in Sweden. She leave a husband, two - sons and three daughters to mourn her loss. She was an affectionate mother, a kind neighbor and friend, and a faithful saint of God. She goes to reap the reward of tke righteous. Sister Betsy was chosen teacher in the Relief Society May 4th, 1882. and held, that position until Dec, 4th, 1884, when she was chosen counselor to Sister Louisa Egbert and held the position until she died. May our Heavenly Father comfort the bereaved , ones in their sorrow, and may they acknowledge even in the midst of their suffering, that lie doeth all things well. Agnes' Cutler, in behalf of R. S. D. G. Secretary. . Sarah ; Agnes Cutler, in behalf of the R. S. Delila Gardner, Died at Union, March Secretary. Elizabeth J. Mosong i, " " ' She Richardson, ottTla J grippe and other causes. in teacher our Relief and faithful active was a Society since its organization in 1877, also 2nd Counselor in the Primary Association, which office she filled with honor and love though she had no children of her own. Deceased was born in Italy;"Nov. 3, 1841. She crossed the plains in Capt. Ellsworth's hand cart company in 1856, enduring the hardships of the journey to these valJe" hejr utui uvi 111 wi puaij, vtJMffc v - v rw 1891, nall,Salt Lake :tty ON SALE 1 . TO'ALIi Cox, PRINCIPAL POINTS EAST, WEST, " NORTH and FOUTH The great "World's Fair Word Contest" is exciting universal interest and is one of the absorbinc topics of the dav. A Free Trin to Europe and $800.00 for expenses is offered 10 wnoever constructs the largest Dumber of English- - words from letters contained i text, "The World's Fair." Additional of an Grand prizes, consisting Upright Piano, valued at $400.00, Silver Sewing Machines, and many other useful and valuable , . t mi muuies wui aiso iDo awarded in order of merit. A Special Prize of a 14 kL Oftld W !,. ,m,Ui.u u. b vu.uu,' win uc awaruea to tne or boy, under 1C vears of aP RPndlno- in giri, tK list. largest Every one sending a 'list of not umu woras win receive a prize. As less the winner of the first prize may not care to make the extensive trip offered, the option of Tea-set- ... - . at-UNION TICKET OFFICE Main Street Salt Lake City: S. W. ECCLES, Genl. Pass. Agt. s, - 26,28,30an(I32 East 1st SoulhSt, lj SAIT LAKE CITY. $1,000.00 in cash is given. Send seven 2c for Complete KuW Stamps . u v Lu' logue and a sample copy of the beautifully jttuBuatcu paper, J.neiiome fascinator: The contest h open to anv nmnn in U TT;t0.i ""v. UUUCU J I btates or Canada. In case of ties on the largest list the farst prize will be awarded to the one bearing the earliest post-mardistance etc., considered. fit That a copy of these resolutions be sent to the Woman's EXPONENT to be printed, and that we send a copy to her bereaved family and a copy be kept and written in our minutes, as a record of our beloved Presi' dent and friend, r Opp. City A MAGNIFICENT OFFER. - & -- ' mm Leading Retail ; CasK House k, Add ress, "The Home. Fnnnntn Canrda. . . M i - ' Special to the I tadies. NOTICE. Dr. Ellis R. Shipp's class in Obstetrics will 1 - GOODS 123 E. 1st SOUTH INSTITUTION. . -- all things. Resolved MANUFACTURING ,.r truth, she became a member of the West Jordan Relief Society when it was first organized on April 12th, 1868, and acted as teacner untu sne was cnosen counselor m i86q held that position until Nov. 4 1880, when she was setapar1 to fill the office of President, which position she held at the time of her deaand died as she had lived, a true Latter-da- y Saint. ----- Children, and TRIMMINGS, BURIAL SUITS, THE WORLD'S FAIR. a-- :. &. DRESS E. Fones. 13th, at 10 a.m. The great demand for well trained nurses and competent accoucheurs should be a stimuluto those ladies who have aptitude for these noble works, to takeadvant. age of such schooling as "that given in Dr bhipp s classes, which is always on easy terms and jery satisfactory. For particular com. municate with Dr. E. R. Shipp, either ' sonally or by letter. -- S AT-TEASD WOl be found th ) latest styles and pioductlons LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS , TIES I And an elegant assortmenf of p. , - DBJ GOODS. Special department Shoes or Ladies Misses and 112, 114, 116, 118 MSS KATE WELL8.t ;MJOuu A nuaj3. I.-M- y dz CO. TINNERS CASfWATER & STEAM FITTERS onday9 am. to Infant's East Temple Sir JAMES ID-AVIID One door north of Z. C. JI. 1 r. ED. -- Ptt?A- 1 DRESS MAKING for VE MERCANTILE and Mar v Ann Smart, Sarah Bukton, I , J 1 FANCY ARTICLES, -- Ml Elizabeth Richards, ' Ann Griffiths, Harriet Died at West Jordan, February 19th 1891, after an illness of one week with pneumonia, Louisa M. Egbert, daughter of Robert E. and Margaret Petty, and wife of the v late Samuel Egbert. Deceased was born Dec. 27th, 1839, in Tennessee, baptized when eight years of age, came to Utah in 1848, beSamuel Egbert,-- March Jith, 1857," and came- the wife was the mother of eight children, three sons and five '. daughters, all of whom are living. to call from our midst on the 19th day of February, 1891; our beloved President.. .. We jibe membersoOhe West Jordan Relief Society do feel to mourn her loss, and feel that we have lost a kind friend and wise counselor, Resolved That we do cherish her memory, and that we do put into" practice her wise teachings and emulate her example, and be more' closely united in our society, and always be ready and willing, as she was, to assist the poor and needy and to care for the sick and afflicted. Resolved That we do sympathize with hersorrowing family for the loss of a kind and loving mother, and that we extend to them a helping hand in this their hour of console them. trial, and do all in our power to comfort and . i" . I nt.rc K.i. Ka T ii-- ' ...ill U As DRESS GOODS, sister" -- """resolutions of Respect to Louisa Egbert. WhereasThe Lord in His infinite wisdom has seen MattieNaisbitt-Thomas.Sn- p Ladies TherTon eaHhTwlth joy To greet thee, Where no bitter tears are shed.' -- jSister.Luisa was CO-OPERATI- Yet again we hope to meet thee, When death's gloomy night has fled, 7 OBITUARIES. - Sir. . thou hast' lcTfus Here thy loss we deeply feel; But 'tis God that hath bereft us, He can all our sorrows heal. and if upon popular education and intelligence the success and prosperity of popular government depend, there is no function in society which requires more conscience, IsabaIla-Hprne,Prest- WOMAN'S o . i. Mrs. M. Her husband followed her to rest five hours after she had expired, from pneumonia. Thus they were one in life and separated only a few moments in death. ' "Whereas, we the officers and members of both associa-tion- s feel to mourn her loss.realizing it is her gain. Resolved that we deem it a just tribute to her memory to say she not only labored for those she loved on earth, but has done a good work for her honored dead.in the Logan Temple. May we imitate her good and noble example aed send a to the Wocopy of these resolutions to her brother,-alsman's Extonent and keep a copy of the same on our minutes. knocks her roughly aside and with a strong grip grasps our outstretched, hand in his own. -Ouida. ; , t. As the sword of the beat tempered metal is most flexible, so th truly generous are most to pliant and courteous in their behavior " their inferiors. Fuller. The thoroughly great men are those who have done everything- thoroughly,1 and who have never despised anything, however small, of God's making.-r-iiiwK- -- KMSiacelebrated LIFT and b O Pumps Repaired en short notice. Orders from strrwrnptTrreipidd lol 