V 9fi sisteil on her remaining, and as she bad not the least idea why her brother wished her to go, and really enjoyed the dancing as well as the company of her partner, Bhe took hi arm took Frank aside .1. and walked awayi Harry, and told him; what to do was the question ana Atrnifl a sp.pnfir tcicrpth&r thev went to Jlr. Hamilton and while explaininjMU camcbmily who had been thoroughly shocked and felt sure others beside herself had observed Mr. 15out-well- 's condition. Here was a dilemma, Emily sank' into a chair and utterly refused to go back, something must be done quickly to avert suspicion, Mra'.H.wa8 called, and suggested that they all return together and join tne dancers. Thi3 little rwc succeeded, the attention of the company was diverted dancing for Mr. and Mrs. H. called for Sir Roger de'Coverley and a Minuet e and the figures finished the evening When the last of the guests had departed , old-styl- Emily confessed to her father and mother not only her utter selfishness, but bow. nearly, she i. . 1 . ,I 1 m iL Ijw 1 A 9 t" r shall never bitterly she repented hrr folly. want another party, I feel so humiliated over this affair." Frank took the blame on himself, but Emily interposed, saying she had insisted upon his bringing one oi his inends; she had made a narrow escape: and she never forgot how near she came to being grossly deceived by fine words and outward appearances. In time she came to realize that money and posi- tionJn society do not constitute true gentlemen, and grew to appreciate the honest love of an upright man, though he had neither wealth nor distinction by inheritance. Miss Hamil-tone'- s grand Christmas ball was discussed' and criticised for weeks atterwards with all its details elaborated, until Emily felt she never "I childhood and he finally succeeded in winning herfor his wife. Frank discarded such ar Fred TBotit well- - and when he bad finished his studies came home and courted Riibia .Mnnt.flfMie? and nnp Christmas thrpe vpars after thenntbrtunate party there was a double wedding andra - happy gathering at Hamilton House. It is needless to add that Emily Hamilton -- always after insisted on having Christmas trees and a good time generally for the children, aud family parties for the older nnps , nnrl fnnH. .rpal hnnninpss in malrintr r fa tfipm -- EXPONENT - Ledger. : . ; - Mrs. Elizabeth -- Stuart Phelps Ward has completed the biography of her father, Pro Austin Phelps. It will be published by the Scribners. When a man goes vrongf""There i3 always a w oman at the bottom of it." When a man ' goes right, we never hear that there is a woman at. the top of it, but there is. Galveston ' News. The Recorder, of Toledo, Ohio, says: 'The State is experiencing a boom in tfie p. m. Hr; WOMAN'S:? -- TRIBUNE, Edited and published weekly at Washington, There are half a million Mohammedans in Austria, nd their women will receive only women physicians. This has led the Austrian minister of finance to recommend to' the government that women J)e medicine generally. Price, $1.00 a year. C, by Clara Bewick Colby. I). allowed-to-practi- we e Trial Subscriptions, five ksorrc e n ts . The Woman's Journal, of Boston. and the Woman's Trione" adbune, of Washington, D. C - wHI be sent to '' dress for $3.00 per year. so be-ma- de ta-ha- ve- portion of the State appropriation assigned to mm ro Keeps on Hand i id - . DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- -, POISE WAISTS, ETC. -- women appointed on the State Board of Fair Commissioners for New York, and to have a Go-- If f M mm Mrs. Potter Palmer addressed several as sembles of ladies in New York City last week, and 'was instrumental in having committees of women organized for beginning active work for the World's Fair. In addition to securing a practical exhibit of the in dustrial, educational and ethical work carried Dret.i flaking: in all Jts branches, Millinery latts styles, Hat and IXonnets clenned and rttrimmedt lallArajllrlA.) dOPLiafinlAlnnt a Specialty, STIIEET, Three doors west of Theatre. etn .SlAinnlllfT tons covered while you wait. Iturlal Suits "V- TT? FIRST. SOUTH IN U. UO Hi. them. Mrs. Electra E. Smith, has been chosen president of the Illinois Republican Association in Washington. This i8 one of the largest State political orga nizations, mad e up mainly of government clerks and at the capital. Mrs. Smith was for eight, years postmistress at Sterling, III., having received her commission from General Grant, and is at present assistant chief in the sixth auditor's office. She i3 well known in charitable and office-holde- iuWashington Miss Alice Rideout of San THE vice-- , Grande .Western, RAILWAY! - .THROUGH THE. Franci co has of womenscurpf of s for the; atncaLdcorhioe bf the women's World's Fair building. The reward carries with it a contract for the models of the groups at a execu-tioTTT- Sf . ROCKY MOUNTAINS! Choice of Three Distinct Routes, been awarded the first prize in the competition r full-size- Standard Gauge rs MOST H A G N I Fl CEN T R A I LR 0 AD SCENERY , IN THIS WORLD. d d pricefrOm-$l500"tb''$2500forheJlivan8"an- from 62000 to $3200 for the great forty-foot- " two Fast Express Trains Daily EACH WAT BETWEEN OGDEN, SALT LAKE AND DENVER. ELEGANT RECLINING CHAIR GARS! Prea of Charge. Direct Connections made in Union Depots. THE MOST THOROUGHLY EQUIPPED RAILWAY ' IN THE WEST. D. 0. DODGE, A. E. WELBT, J. H. BENNETT, cr.iP.i. Ceni. Mgr. Special to the Ladies. b.:k.thoma; 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st Sonth St. SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail AT TEASDEL'S Will be found " styles and pi eductions - ' in ti? 3 latest RUCHES, EMBRODERIES, FANS, GLOVES,1 PARASOLS, RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIES LACES, And an elegant assortment of DKT O-OOD- S: Special department for Ladies' Misses and fant's Shoes. - 1 2, 114, 116, 7 1 18 KnJtf In- Tempi' Sir TlflNERS CAS.VATER A STEAM FITTERS ' Woman's ., 4 to 6 10 a. 8 to this month. others. Ninety working women have formed a labor union in Antwerp. The sad news is received of the death at Tarpon Springs, Fla., of Dr. Mary J. Safford. Mrs. Deming is editor Of the Daily Advocate, Palestine, Texas. Mrs. Buta W. Bowen is editor and manager of the Cotulla (Tex.) - 324, 325 Third Floors Constitution Building OFFICE. HOURS. - Mrs. Mary Frost Orrasby, of New York city is a delegate from the United States to the Universal Peace Congress held in Rome The successful competitor is not yet out of her teens. She has made modeling and sculpture a study from childhood. lhree ri. groups of figures represent -- respectively-" Wothough her manner was always a little distant man's Virtues," " Woman a3 theSpirit of Civishe was pretty effectually cured, by a severe lization," and "Woman's Place in History." Miss Rideout has already done some very practical experience, ot what her grandmother had termed her "insufferable pride." noteworthy work. Her last success is more remarkable as a number of older and more experienced sculptors were among her competitors, but her designs were in advance of all NOTES AND NEWS -- E. VAN, M. D. MRS. M. work for school suffrage, which draws to it the most conservative ' women and men of the State, ye can all unite upon school suffrage." society-circle- s Harry Montague, had loved Emily from OMAN'S E.lC.THOMiLS for RUMSEY'S celebrated LIFTand FOF.(- PUMPS. Pumps Repaired on short noilce. Orders lrc;p K3T Agent the country promptly responded to. CAVS UK23. Be 3C6. 3ALT LAIE SIT?? 