W OM A N 9 S E X P 0 N 15 N T 130 ception, occupying a commanding position in the birbor;' as all ships bound for New York must necessarily pass by it before they come into port, and the light shed forth from the e uplifted" right baud of the goddess, mlisecrn-ablby, vessels mile3 out at sea. Yet it is saddening to be informed that this wonder of modern art and invention, is like unto the bouse of a foolish man, which is built upon tho sand, and is destined, if not removed, to fye submerged by the restless waves of the ska.. Strange, very 6trauge,this' monument has ever been held as typical of. the great nation to which it belongs. The question arises, will its fate typify the fate ot the Republic? Is that,too,built upon quicksand? Time alone ' " 7 . willpbssrss us of thesequel. The-- sun has set. The last mountain peak has fad ed frc m qu r sig h t. We h a ve in d ecd bid "adieu to terra firma, and said to our native land farewell. The shades of eve are are far out on the hovering o'er us, and-w- e Sbalf-I-evbosom e Jurget that deepE first afternoon and evening on the ocean? I "v -- er of-th- th1nk not. ,Not wishing to give way to a feeling of for rejoicmelancholy, as we had every-reasoing, our party joined in singing some of the old familiar songs. . Mr. II and 1 enjoyed a waltz, newport, etc., to the sound of the bar-- , raouica a3 prayed by Mr B ,who walked up and down the deck near us while we danced, so that we might better hear the tune. The performance w'as really jolIy7and I enjoyed it immensely. We held meeting down in the intermediate dining room, which we also enjoyed, but hastened to get up on deck again lest we should turn sick. During ray voyage I found a perpetual source ot pleasure in watching the ever ehang-in- g view of the sky and ocean. How beautiful f hey looked in each and all of their varied aspects. How inexpressibly grand and awe n tions. boTOmjf- the arching depth of sky above, one is lost in wonderland admiration at the grandeur and immensity of e vcii Hie small part of the universe which we are capable of comprehending, and we feel ourselves dwindling into nothingness, and are led to wonder at the infinite love and mercy of the Great Creator, in deigning to consider anything so insignificant and unworthy a3 we feci ourselves to be. An evening spent on the deck of the vessel where may be heard the constant lashing : of tho hungry waves againsUts sides, and where one cannot fail to sense their utter helplessness in case ofanYthmiap which' stand. -- While the upper deep is dotted with gems innumerable, declaring the glory of God, and the wonderfurnear of His handiwork. I say such sights and sounds, to they - A good character is something to be prized more than riches. It is not sufficient that wo have a, good reputation, a good character is what we should all strive, our utmost to possess.- There is a vast difference in the meaning or the word, character and reputation; character is whatin our very heart and soul, and in our daily walk and conversation) we really are; while reputation is merely what from all outward appearance we are supposed to be. There are those who while in company and society seem to be hind and agreeable, and very entertaining, butvho when at home, and among their own, are cross and surly, with never a smile or a pleasant word, such a person has a reputation from which his character differs very, very much. Among other thiugs, it is necessary, in order to possess a good character, to keep good company, We can be kind to those who are worthy of our kindness, but let us be intimate with few, and be sure that the few are well -- r While being tossed on tjie broad, expansive - our finite minds, almost incomprehensible, produce the beneficial efiect of making plain to us our own incompetency our entire le- - -- chosen. We generally judge persons from the company they keep, and wo had better be alone than in bad eompany.fbr "evil communications corrupt good morals." Habits 'are catching as well as diseases; and I believe that the mind is as liable to infections as the body. Do wrong, and we feel that almost everything is wrong; but do right, and we sense the pleasure of having dune so. Just so with the company we keep; if we mingle with low and degraded people, we think life is mean and hardly worth living, but on the other hand, if we associate with the pure in heart,lhe virtuous, and those who let virtue garnish their thoughts unceasingly, who in fact, have virtue, truth, and righteousness" for their motto, will feel that liCeh weetmMhat B,ive"IminB1nr?ef y deW' something worth living for, we will realize that we are not placed upon this earth merely for the pleasure this life affords, but that we are placed here to prepare ourselves for a grander and nobler life, a higher and more exalted home. We cannot allow ourselves to associate with those who do not jeonsider it necessary to remember the Sabbath day and keep it holy. It is a commandment to us from our Father in heaven, and we should honor and hold it - sacred as such. Let" us seek the society of those who' fear ;Gpdf:ihQseiwhff:arff-s- ( humble "astcTask God for blessings, and so grateful as to thahk Him for blessings receivednever forgetting to -- do our part, and to be as humble and grateful as those with whojnwjijassociate And by so doing we will bewlseTm wise for eternity hereafter. - . ' S. M. II. . hd pur God; Pride hath not, for tho time being, a place in our natures our.spirits are softened and we are humbled to tho dust. I spent two or three evenings on deck, and shall never forget them, they are treasured up in my heart and mind, pendcnco-onurFathera- Gladys. GOOD COMPANY. ero,s JnspiriDg the first day of our might say thus cuded voyage. PACES IxNT THE CLOUDS; ; In, one oHhe German picturegalleiics Is a painting, pa led "Cioudla5 It han-- s at the end of a oug gallery; aud at first sAt it among my sublime experiences. looks like a huge, repulsive daub of confuted Thus with singing, chatting,; dancing, and without form color, or comeliness. As Voir feasting our senses on the sublimity of nature walk toward the it, picture to take begins surrounding us, the afternoon and evening It to be' a mass of exouHte" proves passed most pi casautly, and at ten o'clock we little cherub foot, lib '. vprtr-- rp In Hon tlv , In J &i( ,i. u or- vur way to "vuucu wtuwtuuwij OUt --theanvasm RaphTers "Madonna several-siai- o San Sisto " rooms andnberths, ready for our mo Wo, lo clUiy first night on the water; and you see only inwardly conan jinnumerabb company picture, ofln e angels and gratulating ourseLverthat-wwere gointo be cherubim. How often the to soul most Ihat rs travelers on the ocean, and exceptions frightened trial sees by nothing but a confused ..not. bo sea sick. Though the tiawri nf w and mass of repulsive broken morrow proved the fallacy of our I APecfallprjs hopes, I and cru.hPfl -- , " liiu-nea- . - . Wf kt4i. fleeing away into unbelief and despair, wTould only draw up near to God, it would soon discover that the cloud was full of angels of mercy. In one cherub face it would sec "whom I love, I chasten." Another angel would say, "All things work together 'for good to them that love God." Iu still another sweet face the heavenly words are coming forth: "Let not your hearts be troubled: believe also in me. In my Father's house are I am there shall ye, many mansions. Where ' . '' be also." Cuylcr. ' -- DIAMOND vs. CHARCOAL. What could seem more unlike? The one is so bright, the other, so dark; the one, priceless, Yet we are the other, nearly worthies:'. taught that they a,re really identical in substance, both being!nearly pure carbon. What then makes, the difference? Simply that iu a beautifnllaw-h- as been at work, crystallizing the particles and preparing them for their united and exalted mission as transmitters and' reflectors of i light. Here are two neighboring lives. Common daily tasks make up each. WThat we often call drudgery, monotony, tediousness, is the weekly routine. Day after day occurs the same round of trivial duties. But one is selfish and the other unselfish; the one, worldly, the other, Christian, In the one case the fire3 of discontent and disobedience charr the poor life into blackness and worthlessness. In the other, love to Christ, the constraining and beautiful law of the Christian heart, orders, it purifies and unifi.--s the "of capable expressing God's glory. The particles which make up the two lives are alike, the little, homely duties which enlist us all, but how vastly different are the results! It is not too much to say that one is like a charcoal, and the other, a diamond. Reader which shall yours be? the-diamo- the-cae-- of nd - life,-renderin- g . . . CAUGHT BY A TELEGRAM. So long as women will be foolish, men will be deceptive. One day I sat behind a couple on an Ohio and Mississippi train, and it wasn't ten minutes before I discovered the girl was a village belle who knew nothing of the world, and that her companion was a traveler who saw in her a victim. Several others noticed her as well, but it was hard to see how anything could be done. He professed great admiration for the girl, and she," blushingly ..queried: ; : "But how do I know that you are not a married man?" "Oh, but I assure you on my honor that I am not." -- "Where do you live?" 'In Louisville." "And you have neither wife nor children?" "No." A Lthat i nstan t the conductor came r in with" a telegram and called out thP. nrlfW "That's for me," said the man in the seat , ahead, It was handed to him, and lie was smiling as he tore it open. Next moment he fall forward in a bean, and mil! inf tha acL ;n a AnnA faint. Haifa dozen of us, including the girl, read the dispatch. .apolis and read: It . ... r "Your wife and baby burned up with the house last night-.- Come 'al'on'ceT"7"-It tookus a quarter of an hour to bring him to, and it was half finmi fimrr 14 - VS - AMVVA voh&rt 11 4A ha vw V the train. He had fnr.mtfpn iha oi'rl vchn shared his seat, and she was crouched down and crying like a biby.Xew York Sun. . 