WOMAN'S EXPONENT 20 Woman's Exponent, e'mmelimc b, Published semi-monthl- y, Editor wells, in Salt Lake City, Utab Terms: ho 50 eta. six- months. rnecoDV ona vear., tl.OO; ona crmv - w reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 eta. Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil ewtce. one time. r2.50: ter month. J3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. ExroNiNT officeNo. 25 E., South Temple Street,!second gate east of Deseret News Office. Business hours from 10 a.m to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. : Address ail business corfmunications to PUBLISHER. WOMAN'S EXPONENT, . Salt La kb City. Utah. Second Clast Matter. Salt Lake City, August i, 1891.' AGITATION IS EDUCATIONAL. Now the situation assumes a different aspect to what it has ever done heretofore. The two great national, political parties hi ve organized in Utah, and there is still an element calling itself "liberal" that is opposed to this condition of things; and after all the requisitions proposed have been complied with, this opposing power still continues its determined resistance to the very people upon whose rights and privileges it has been trampling. What magnanimity of character and of purpose they do display in this persistency. What, becomes thus misapplied. The people who are looking to the best interests of the country are anxious to see the official positions filled by honorable men whether Democrats or Republicans, and not by those who would wrest all the vested rights from the majority of the" original settlers and pioneers and7 tax them to build up such institutions as foster vice and immorality, and lead away the unwary, and the young and rising generation from the virtue into the sloughs of paths of rectitude-an-d evil and iniquity; as jsome have boasted would be their delight. Whatever the result may be of the coming election we feel sure ' agitation on political subjects and conditions must necessarily be educational, and as God rules still in the earth all will be well with those who put their trust in Him, though the powers of darkness combine, and Satan:. and his emissaries boast of their strength and skill; yet the Saints know how easy the Lord can turn and overturn, when his people hearken unto Him. When the walls of Jericho fell, how simple was the means the Lord used to 'accomplish his purpose. The people of this Territory are likely to be pretty well posted in the principles of the two great national political parties, judging from the agitation kept up during the last few weeks on Democracy and Republicanism in the various precincts; the best speakers on both sides have been proclaiming their views on the platform in the most interesting manner possible, and elucidating the subjects, pertaining to their respective parties, explaining all the doubtful "points, and giving every one a proper understanding of the platform he would subscribe" to if he voted on r r either side. These matters are essential to all concerned in the welfare of the government and all should be EDITORIAL N0TE9t, whether voters or not and if one comprehends one party and not the other it is not enough, both John and Isabella Beecher Hooker cordially inshould be of each and the principles parties invite their friends to call on them (without vestigated, otherwise a man (or woman) voting presents) at N0. 234 Pearl St., Hartford Conn., would be like the Judge jye hear,Q,fwj3ftv5vJbenhe frottf "3 W orelock Wednesday, August i;th, had heard one side of the case, decided it because the fiftieth anniversary of their marriage 1841 he argued, if he should hear the other side he mizht zet muddled...jOjchan&:eJuft4mnd but as ir Mrs. Minerva W. Snowjs in the city on a visit wasme case was clear. It is' to be hoped.that each of the great national party platforms are more to her children, and will probably remain until rnrrpftlv iin'nprstnnH now fhpr-ha- s h(n mnrli the time for the opening of the Manti Temple, agitation of the subject and the case ought to be August 26. Her friends will be likely to see her clear, and no muddle, over the affair from hearing by. calling at No." 55. N. First EastSt. inside the both sides. It is high time that the great differEagle Gate. ences in this Territory were amicably adjusted We received a friendly call on Wednesday the after the concessions that have been made to 29th,ult.fromMrs.M. A. P. Hyde,President of the comply with the requirements of tHe special laws Relief Society of Sanpete Stake who is spending framed for the people, who were driven here by a few days with relatives in this City. She is cruel persecution on account of their religion. looking and feeling well for a woman of her years Here they have subdued tile desert land and being considerably over three score and ten. made it habitable ; and founded a provisional govj- - She stated that probably the next Relief Society eiuuicufc-pievujus a Conference in Sanpete "would be. held, in Ut, creating li have Here vedf? Territory. they peaceanA .Pleasantr--ana sate tor attorned all who security protection Mrs. Presendia L. Kimball, lovingly known came, whether Jew or Gentile, or of whatever as Aunt Presendia among the Saints, has just refaith without excessive taxation; the poor could obtain homes of their own through industry and turned from the Logan Temple, where she has been officiating for a few weeks past, with health frugality and live comparatively independent, and strength quite renewed. Sister Kimball has enjoying the blessings of freedom, but the situation and conditions attracted those who were been suffering for some months past from a desirous of power and influence caring not how it severe injury caused by a fall, which at her time was obtained.and they flocked hither and saw the of life is not easy to recover from, however she is nowjable togpj'about a: little es; opportunities open to them for wealth, and took and even that is better than remaining all the advantage of the unpopularity of an unpopular in one position. Her many friends will we people to oppress them for their own aggrandize-- , time re,sure be glad to hear-th- at sheis ble tobeup" meat, sLi,.Lx-i- : ana once aoout even more, though she can not as 'Among those who came were some of the with her yet dispense crutches. :;..: honorable, upright, high minded men and women, who had other motives" here, and these - President Zina D. H. Young g this City has have shown themselves to be on the side of returned from her trip to Canada and her address justice and equity; they recognize how the for the present will be No. 55 N. West Temple; pioneers who came here labored to make it posSt., Salt Lake City. She has enjoyed her visit sible for a great highway to be opened up oververy much and" favorable conditions for land from the Pacific to therMissouri river through the people in reports that country, the women's these mountain fastnesses. prosperous, and the health of the peo- , pie generally good. Mrs. Young left the City May 13, and returned home' July 23. She is in need of rest for a few days, but will then be prepared to visit in the several Stakes of Zion and attend to the duties3 of iier office and calling as usual, with the assistance of her Counselors and aids. -- ' stitution of the National-AmericaWoman Suffand Basis of Reprerage Association," sentation, as revised and prepared by the special Committee, of the Association, and voted upon article by article,and section by section at the last . V anuuai tuuveouuu I..IJ nciu in wasnington D. C. in February of this year, It is quite necessary that every county and district W. S. A. should uavc iuebc oy .1mem,ana in iaci mat every member ot me Association snoula have a copy. We . If nave laicen great pains 10 puDiisn tnese ' Jl .. ..rules and .1 tl 01 tnem revisions mat are made rcguiauonsanuau from time to time for the benefit of the women of n By-La- ws 1 1 4 VL 1 1 1 A 1 1 A. 1 1 1 A .; olsu muiuics- - Aim proceea' ings of theseveral Associations, that there may be a uniformity of methods and action and that those unacquainted with these matters, may become familiar with what is being done in Utah. In view of this it seems essential that women taking part or interested in the advancement and enfranchisement of women should' subscribe for and' read the Woman's Exponent, also those engaged in Relief Society work or the childrens' Primary Associations. The Exponent is the only paper in Utah that keeps posted on these subjects; and one dollar per year is very .little to pay tor so mucn reliable information on the various topics that women are discussing at the present time. . - a nkiun , rtuvj -- .'J'- -- - ... mm m During the last fe w wee ks a great number of strangers have visited the City and in strolling over historic grounds have called at this office, and in most instances have seemed specially in the past Ifid preenFW of them have been people one remembers with pleasure. Among these we recall F. M. Smith: and wife of 'New York, who had called on us at the office in the summer of 1875, and who remembered our conversation on Mormonism and many of the questions we answered for them at that time; Prof. Elizabeth J. French, of Philadelphia, a briliant lecturer on Temperance etc. Mrs. W. L. Stanard and Mrs. Annie Mears, Detroit; Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Montgomery, Chicago; Mrs. J. M. and Miss Ethelyn Loring, S t. Louis; Mr. and Mrs. A. H. Blanke S t. Louis; besides these of interesting people we must mention Dr. Geo. H. Roby of Detroit who came with a letter of introduction from a friend, and was accompanied by his daughterMrs. -" L. C. Waldo, and three children; also Mrs; Rosa-Cadman Conger, M. D. of Chicago, who is a very attractive lady, and many others including Mr. and Mrs. John E. Mc'Elroy, Albany N. Y. who ted f 1 ".- We publish in this issue of the paper the "Coo : :r .. -- , " called when we were absent in Manti, we very -- greatly regretted not meeting this gifted and ac- complished lady, who for some time presided In the White House at Washington. LOVE-G- OD NOW. ; upon-crtitch- - . BY S. W. RICHARDS. for the readers of the Woman's Exponent, not because of any novelty they suggest to the ordinary reader but to the sensitive appreciation which woman is ever capable of exercising they may be made to appear both interesting and profitable in their im' .' port. Love is the sweetest word we ever speak. vIt is the ground work of all our happiness. It is the kindling of those emotions which are as infinite s the soul, and is inherited from the Father of have-xhpsenheswo- rds .. . , 