WOMAN'S EXPONENT. and shows us how nych we all have yet to learn in the lessons of charity and fellowship before we can come into a knowledge of the whole truths of the universe and enjoy the universal brotherhood which through love is to redeem the world. The women of the press liave an immense power for good, to mold the minds of others, to influence the multitudes that may never see them or hear their voices, yet they can wield a potent sway by means of the pen, and so subtle is this impress that it is not perceptible, but grows to giant proportions without scarcel- y- a sound even a whisper. How carefuLshonld the writer be of the power lie exercises, that it should be for the good of all who may partake of its spirit. This meeting and entertainment in Boston Jps been arranged to precede" the Woman's ChristiaA Temperance Convention, so as to secure railroad rates for both at one time and make the journey count for two purposes. It is good economy to begin with, and besides saving of means and Wells, President; Susa Young Gates, ist. Vice Pres.; Lula Greene Richards, 2nd. Vice Pres.; Martha A. Y. Greenhal-- h, Vice President at large; Annie Wells Cannon, Cor. Sec'y.; Josephine Spencer, Ass't. Cor. Sec'y.; Ellis R. Shipp M. D., Recording Secretary; Juie Ivins Ass't. Rec. Sec'y..; Ruth M. Fox, Treasurer; Romania B. Pratt M. D.; Auditor.. The discussion of what the club should be called resulted in the adoption of the name Utah Woman's Press Club. A motion W3S made and seconded that the -- . - -- - Mc'-Donal- '..- - Constitution and for the c'ub The chair accordingly appointed Susa Y. Gates of Provo, Romania B. Pratt of Salt Lake City, and Lucy A. Clark of Farmin g n, as such- ComBy-La- - mittee. brilliant liudertaking are the ones most interesting to the observer. The very fact of these women coming together is one of the signs of fhe times, telling in trumpet tones of the rapid strides being made towards woman's emancipation from ignorance and bondage. Women are thinking to some. purpose not aimlessly, not with rivalry nor any sinister motive in view, but for the best good of humanity and for this they are willing to make some sacrifiees, that a brighter day may be heralded in and universal liberty envelop one and all under its broad canopy of equal rights and privileges. ' CONSTITU ION. 1 - Article i.Xamc. This orgamzadonsliall be called the Utah ' ..' Woman's Press Club. ; Article u.--Obj- ect. The object of this club shall- be. tr further the j.te.rary development and interests of women, and 0 foster and strengthen individual efforts by means of organization. , Article-y- . Membership Any woman who writes far a creditable journal newspaper or other pub'iration shalL be eligible ' . to membership.. . Lord has said to me. Let me bring yourminds tp what is termed the manifesto. The Lord has told me by revelation that there are many members of the Church throughout Zion whoatesorely tried in their hearts because of that manifesto, and also because of the testimony of the Presidency of this Church and the Apostles before the Master in Chancery. Since I received that revelation I "have heard of many who are tried in these, bad! not hearD of any before that, thiM11011 particularly. Now the Lord has commanded me to do one thing, and I fulfilled that commandment . -. 1 , U J ai. iiv, uuincutc at. uii;u,!iii VIj ,uy last C ouiiuay , and I will do the same here today.' The Lord has told me to ask the Latter-da- y Saints a question, and He also told tne that if they would listen to what I said to them and answer the question put to them, by the spirit and power of God, they would all answer alike, and they would all believe alike with regard to this matter. The question is uus is trie ivisesrcourse for the Latter-da- y Saints to pursue to continue to attempt to practice plural marriage, with the laws of the nation against it and the opposition of sixty millions of people, and at the cost of the confiscation and loss of all the Temples, and the stop-pin- g of all the ordinances therein, both for the imand the dead, and the living prisonment of the First Presidency and Twelve t " 4 1 1 . ohil-lli- a ItAorlA nf 'f...:!:.. t- - 1x1. fall of which of thpmsflvs u.'nuld..tnn lho practice), pr after doing and suffering what, we ha 'e through our adherence to this principle to cease the practice and submit to the law, and Article iv,- Officers. through doing so leave the Prophets, Apostles The ofrjeers of thisclub shall be a President, and fathers at home, so that they can instruct the two local Vice Presidents, one Vice President at people and attend to the duties of the Church, and also leave the Temples in the hauds of the large, a Cor. Sec'y., and Ass't, Cor. Sec'y., a Reflintc CA f ll '1 t IKaif nin tr r in r,f .Knt n.n cording Sec'y., and Ass't. Rec. Sec'y , ii Treasof the Gospel, both for thejiying and. the .dead? Jl urer and Auditor, to be elected annually. ""ThTl-o'rd- f sHo wed me by vision anh revelation exactly what would take place if we did not stop The Executive Board shall consist t f the Presi this If we had not stopped it, you dent and three officers of the Club, viz: The wouldpractice. b.1V nr tic a fnr Ilmther for any of the men in this temple at Logan ; for taries. all ordinances would be stopped throughout the Article vi. Credential Com. land of Zion. Confusion would reign throughout The Corresponding Secretary and the Record Israel, and many men would be made prisoners. This trouble would have come upon the whole ing Secretary and Treasurer shall compose the on Credentials. Committee Church, and we should have been compelled to 4V k - nav.Teanyace0mpiisiTed-som- - - J. ""'J ajuj.AiiJj.eopie.w-no- ' The Committee drew, up the following articles which were presented and adopted. ;- . d, three to- - prepares a Committee-- of chair-appoint Some of the brightest and brainiest women in the world, will be gathered at the hub in this Federation, as well as in the W. C. T. U. It is greatly to be regretted that there are not better facilities for free transportation to and from these great assemblies of women. The dispatches will give us news of this meet-inp- r - - loner, fnr whpn surh- an accomhlif nf o .0 ere men aregathered ina city as famous as Boston the reporters are sure to write therh up, and there will be something worth telling for the fair and the brave, the poet, the scholar, the novelist and author of many books, the brilliant and witty, and the thoughtful will be there. It is a pleasure in itself to meet in social contact the people, who hive made a name'in the world of literature by ineir own literary enoris and wnose Dooks, or con- poems, or articles one has read and oueried l cerning the writer. To see a large concourse of women who can earn money, by the pen .. is a picture worth gazing upon, and a study that is indeed worth contemplating; after all human nature is the highest subject and the most fascinating, strength. 77 Mj?t-ril- l e stop the practice. Now,the question is,whethtr it should be stopped in this manner, or in the way . No officer shall serve in the same position for the Lord has manifested to ns4 and leave our more than two years in succession; prophets and apostles and fathers free men, and Atticle VIII Amendments. the temples in the hands of the people, so that the be Constitution amended at any deaoV may be redeemed. A large number has ai. This may of due notice having ready been delivered from the the club, regular meeting prison house in the been given beforehand. world this and by spirit shal the work go people, 1 ? Susa Young Gates, on or stop? This is the question I lay before : B." the Latter-da- y Saints. You have to judge for PratttL 1 Romania "'""" LudY A. Clark, yourselves. I, want, you to answer it for your, ' ' Committee. .. "selves. I shair not answer it; but I say to you was Gates made Siisa that Y) A suggestionthat that is exactly the condition we as a people by each member should contribute for the first meet would have been in had we not taken the course ing, an original article or address, or such a we have. I know there are a good many men, and selected article as should furtherthe object for probwhich the club was organized, or be' subject to a ably some leading men, in this Church who have fine not been tried and felt as though President Woodruff twenty five cents." After some practical hints upon club work by had lost the Spirit of God and was about to apos members present an adjournment was taken and tatizc. Now, I want you to understand that he an appointment m:ide for the next meeting to be has not lost the Spiritnor is he about to apostaheld at the same place on Wednesday Nov. 30, tize. The Lord is with him, and with this peoat seven o'clock ln the evening. ple. He has told me exactly what to do, and Pro Sec. tern. what the resultwould Juie I. Mc'donald, have been called upon by friends .outside of the Churcli and urged to take some steps with regard EXTRACTS FROM PRES. WOODRUFF'S to this matter. They knew the course which the SERMON AT LOGAN. Ing has also laeen manifested more or less by Sunday Nov, jstt iSgiJ members of the Church. ' 1 saw exactly what I have had some revelations of late and very imwould come to pass if there was not something wHI I telb and done. I have had this spirit upon me for a long you what the portant ones to me, Article yu . Offices, ; - WOMAN'S PRESS CLUB ORGANIZED. : , ' Pursuant to a call made by letter to a large number of women writers, a meeting was held on Saturday Oct. 31, 1891, at the Office of the Wo man's Exponent m this City for the purpose of organizing a Woman's Press Association for the wnmpn pnorprf nr- in?Uvp--iflnfnali;H- r - news. paper work in Utah Ter ViUite a rumDer 01 mose invitea 10 anena tne meeting responded to the call; (those living at a distance sent replies by letter), and after some consultation as to methods of procedure, E. B. Wells was chosen temporary chairman and Juie T S . TV n j 1 ;uc jLoaaiu rrayer was seeieiary jrv tern, offered by Lula Greene Richards. The nomination of officers was the first business to be transacted, after some explanations 1 Amotion . 1 - - : : w.as put and carried unanimously that the nominations be made from the body of the house. The officers elected are Emmeline B.. - ' ' ; to-excee- tl i ; 