WOMAN'S EXPONENT. SHADOW-LAN- D. PRACTICAL POLITICAL STUDY, with its strange seeming, ' Tell me. of shadow-lan- d Its doubts and its mysteries looming afar, Tin vision I see the pale light of its gleaming Like the glimmering ray. fromsome beautiful star, That allures me and points to a land undefined with that of the mind. A realm A Political Club was organized in Tarming-toaro- v with , 24, 1890, J. F, Miller, a .rising voung politician, as president; the members being composed of both sexes. meet as a Legislative Assembly and as They a House of Lepresentatives. frame bills and They laws as pass systematically and earnestly as the fate of the Territory or nation dethough on their labors. pended A committee, appointed'by th Spalcer, oii oman Suffrage, consisting of Lucy Clark, Althaba M. Steed, Charlea C: Miller, reported the following bill, which, after an animated discussion for three eveningsrpassed the Legis-latur- e on its third reading by of 2G to 22. The minority objected only to the clause in the bill granting to women the rirhr. to hnhl - nt " i Oh, what is this longing, this yearning to know? This germ of an impulse we cannot restrain? And why should it haunt me and follow me so, If the quest it awakens is fruitless and vain.-NaI feel that beyond the scope of my dreaming, . y, The star of intelligence onward is streaming. I call in the . night-lim- To open the for strength from on high, of knowledge for me e flood-gate- s and listen, but only the sigh Of the miirrauring winds, in quaint melody, Chant the song of my heart tho' its music is clear, "We've lived heretoforeJrTi I J wait 123 rBesnt ie:ffhebillhaiot t. know by the pain that I cannot express, ' By the feeling of loss deep down in my heart. That there is a talisman we should possess. To open the gates of the mansions apart. And show us the future, as welLas the past. Thro rainbows of beauty, the shadows have cast. , E. 1$. V. SEVENTY. "Be it enacted by the Governor and Legists the Assembly of Utah: That it shall be lawful for women to vote at any and every election held in the Territory, of Utah, and their votes shall be counted as valid and given effect And that they, shall be entitled to hold any office to which they may be elected." : Lucy A. Clark, chairman of the committee on Woman Suffrage, in presenting the bill, said: Mr. Speaker, Members of the Lea idat lire. "and Ladies and Gentlemen present:. It is withprofound gratitude that we thank you for the courtesy extended to 'us, the ladies who were by special invitation from our honored president, solicited to attend and take part in these political jieHberations. We consider that they are educational and, therefore, accept of the invitation, and trust that the. moments we spend here may be moments of pleasure and profit. It is with pleasure that we present to this honorable ody o aJmLasking that ailpolitical rights and privileges may be guaran teed to worn en . We trust - TO PRESIDENT ZINA D. YOUNG. -- Glad were the Heavenly hosts, O'er tidings borne above: Softly the good news spread, . Wafted on breath of lover"" Their sister, on the earth, In sorrow and in woe, Had borne a .Baby Girl, Seventy years ago. v Angels rejoice to-da- y, Their songs are glad and free; thattlib hoorab They praise Jelwvah's name, degree of justice exhibited at the State Constitutional Convention in Wyoming,when an act, conferring equal rights upon all citizens, passed the convention without an opposing vote, and therefore became a commendable plank in the platform, whereby they were ad mitted into the glorious union of States. The Honorable Mr. Warren. Governor of Wyoming. in his speech to the women, said: "Ladies, you have builded well in the past, which is a suffic ient guarantee that your future actions will be. commendable. It was ably proclaimed by the champiou of human rights, C. ,W. Penrose, that if we would have a great race of menrwe iiitist educate the mothers in politics, as well as other branches, and as they had to pay taxes they snoula nave a voice in political aitairs. Through a mLsgiiMetUiniLfanatieai jealousyy a board of political tricksters succeeded in depriving' the women of Utah of the suffrage, rafter having intelligentland successfully exer .cised the right for seventeen years. This un Yea, praise the loving grace. Which through all changes vast. Hath led and kept that babe, TU1 , -- Seventy years have past. Dear Zina ! Zion's own, ? Can we essay to bring, A fitting tribute now, While angels o'er thee sing? Wholl tell what thou hast been, Or mention what thou art, To Zion's faithful ones, The earnest, Pure in Heart ? . What sorrows thou hast soothed, la birth, in life, in death, of iore-TDy iky sweet-worT dj And thy prayer's holy breath. No tongue nor pen can tell, The works thou'st nobly done; Long live, to bless us still, Beloved and honored one. ..... LlfLX. just measure was unsuccessfully opposed by many intelligent "men, and the leading women anuary 31st, 1891. Dear Aunt Zina: me Mother, Levi ""anflltlie'cbildreh-'aliyjomn tenderest, truest love, and sincere prayers far you May you live yet many, many years to do v"" good in Israel. ; ; Please accept this very small token of love, and my warm thank3 for the invitation so kindly extended by your daughter Phoebe,- - for W to be with you this afternoon. It is a source of deep regret to me that I cannot west with you and all the loved ones, who will reioice with you -- this eveninsr; buti "Duty 13 duty" and connot le set aside. to-da- y. . -- Youra iaithiuily, -- suffragists of the nation. Some prejudice is being removed, and the barriers that have stood in the patriot woman s progression so long are being obliterated one by one. Their abilities are beginning to be better appreciated;" by some. In :twenty-fou- r Hfates an(l Territories in t ha of the forty-siUnion, women exercise the suffrage, on some points. In Montana, twelve of the eighteen county superintendents of schools are women. Women have been placed upon the committee of arrangements for the World's Fair, to be; held: at Chicago in l93,.the highest position: of responsibility ever placed- - upon woman- x ; in;-Americ- There -- move-melTtVllrengt- that ve sincerely-trus- t toztllC JUoHioi'-ye- I or of Queen Isabella of Spain, whom we can proudjy amf appropriately call the mother of America, who, after Columbus had spent ten year3 of toil and hardship, pleading with the crowned heads of Europe for assistance to car-T- y out' his plans, came to his relief and fitted him out with ships and money, without which he could not have made the discovery of this renowned and glorious countr'. A lady architect, Miss Minerva Parker, has drawn the plans for the pavilion fo be erected in honor of this renowned lady, and they have been ac' cepted by the committee. Hamilton; Wilcox, New York, said: ''Statesmen! politicians! editors? behold our Be wise in time; hasten, while yet you may, to join the hosts who struggle for the right!" a. i4obe' apavilian.iitructmm.hon-- - hT tliererisimtne-geni- : within the borders of this enlightened and progreasive Territory, orJwithin the borders of these United States, who could say African slave,' "step upon the .platform with me, share the emoluments of office with me," and at the same tune say to his sainted mother, his devoted wife, his beloved .sister, or his angel daughter, "remain below; live, breathe, and pay taxes, but you shall have 110 voice iir saying who shall handle those taxes." That'all prejudice,-feaand. selfishness may be ground .to . powder in the- - millof-hirma- u progress, and that our bill may become a law, we earnestly pray. L. A. C. to-the r o- - THE IDEAL HOME. The ideal home is an exception rather than the rule. The possessors of such a haven of rest are worth a treasure "where neither moth nor; rust- - doth "rcofrup through and steal." The ideal home may be in the house, of a :Yajuiedtj adorn "statuary; or it may be in a little cabin, frescoed with whitewashed walls, and morning glories twining over the door. In either home the sweetest music is the nns: of merry voices. The most nrecioua pictures are the healthy. -- ruddv cheeks of children. The costliest are finger the window pats upon pane. Father and mother find their greatest joys and sorrows, their highest hopes and ambitions centered ' r witnin us wans. They mingle amLwork in the world, but' home, their home is their heart's delight. In bric-a-bra- e liLfificiunemberiseeka and protection. The man U the shield that wards arid protects; the woman i3 the guiding" star w light fades only with death. Self sacrifice, confidence and understanding exists in the ideal home, each member's jn& capabJlitiesrarecocsi'dered.- iE very one has a distinct, indissoluble personality that cannot be shaken off, but two or more leaves, though unlike, may blend into one h a rmonious w h ole. 7: t Claka Selleck. rrrr-- - t -- MISCELLANEOUS. Thought is :theJigtoinj of The highest exercise of charity is charity toward the uncharitable.?uelmnuf!ri. Constant activity in endeavoring in maVA st others happy U one of wava nf ourselvea making the-sure- It i3 a species of aereeable servitude under an obligation to those to ha wo esteem. . 