WOMAN'S' EXPONENT! CS the mantle of charity, that we may do good, to our fellows; we cannot approach them without love, it is the great lever of the universe, love that will uplift them, the love our Savior exemplified in His life, the, love which is the outgrowth of faith that softens and subdues evil passions, and counteracts evil influences. This is not the love of riches, or of power or of worldly pleasures, it is something far above them ; the humblest Latter-da- y Saint if this he or she lives supreme gift, may possess for it,though they may be dwelling in the lowliest cot, or even" n a ten t yh o woften;do w eh ear the expression "We were far happier in the days of our -- poverty, we had less anxiety, and annoyances." It is not wealth that brings content, then why seek it graspingly, at the risk of better things? It reminds the writer of-- a simile used by the Prophet Joseph and which was often repeated by one of his brethren fnow Ions' since Dassed.a.rca these grosser things of such gret importance, as .to neglect the spiritual. And this it is that often causes people to fall jnto darkness, and error, and unbelief in the Editor. EMMEL1SE D. WELLS, thing? they once knew and testified to, and lose the spirit that leads into all truth. l'ubllshed In Salt Lake city, Utah Terms: n copy ono year, S1.00; one "copy ax months, 50 cts. No How careful should we all be to keep continu reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, ally with us the spirit of humility and obedience extra for postage one year, 25 cts. to the requirements of the Gospel. Remember Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines 0 nonpareil " too the admonitions of the Savior to the ruler who pace, one time, $2.50; per month.; S3.(X5. A liberal discount ' to regular advertisers. . asked Him what he should do to inherit eternal iro.'ENT office,, No. 25 K.t South Temple Street, second life?-AnJesus said."Thou knowest the co'm- "maridmenfsl" to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. him, and the ruler replied, "all these have I kept Address all business communications to from my youth up." PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City Utah. Tesus answering said, "Yet thou lackest one Entered at the J'osl Office in Salt Lake City, Utah, as thing, sell all that thou hast, ana distribute unto Secotut Clasn Matter. the poor, then thou shah have treasures in Woman's Exponent. Ferni-monthl- - d- Salt ''Lake City, THE-BLESSIN- heavenand come follow me.'' November i, OF GS TO-DA- 1891. It is not only necessary to be exemplary in our Y. There is so much in the present day of the material and practical to be met with, and people are so swallowed up and environed about with all sorts of problems that tend to develop these faculties of human nature: there is really so much realism and the age seems to have developed these attributes, and of necessity too, for the new forces, ana inventionsdemand it, ana means as well as method to bring to perfection the new discoveries of science, that as a race, we are somewhat in danger of losing si?ht of'hii'her or ofrnfnorat hnrL-wnrendowments, a in other directions. The push anB rush for gain, the excitement and rivalry for business success, and the ambition for popularity in public life, coupled with the race after pleasure, or recreation, which follows excessive toil in the accumulation of wealth, these seem to discount the sober pursuits of former 'days; arid the simpler pastimes and amusements that were the delight of our forefathers and are not to be thought of in this fast age ui wcucracQi anu mgu living, i ne tranquility of those days has almost passed away, and instead of that we have the extreme of hilarity, the high tide of popularity, and the excess of vanity. This is the spirit of the world, and if persisted in will eventually kill out the spirituality and tenderer sentiments, refinements and graces, those that sweeten and purify the atmosphere of human life, and give zest and tone to the higher attributes that lead to the cultivation of heart and mind; and.we shall find to our sorrow that though we have gained knowledge of material and practical things and have surpassed every other age in we have not, improvements of- - a - temporal-kin- d, secured unto ourselves that je wel above all others aiso-requi- re 1 . ; fore-mother- s; own souls, and without which, all elsewill palH upon the senses; the cultivation of our own hearts ; the lessons that we can .only learn through obeying the laws of God ; fire golderT rule, to do to others as we would they should do to us, to love our neighbor as ourselves; to imitate Him who wentabout doing good, to forgive as He forgave; to overcome our own weaknesses, our love of self,-- of to - become as little children, to be willing to trust our Heavenly Father, and believe He is able to make us strong wherein we are weak, to love one another as Jesus loved us; to suffer if need be. Do we not all need to stop now and then. and. consider whether we are living for today, or if there is not nty . something greater and higher and more endurable than what' we lay bold of so greedily in the race of life. Saints who have Especially the Latter-da- y of the come;out world, many of whom have left their possessions of a worldly nature for the sake of the Gospel, strange indeed that they should think lives butto make some sacrifices, of those things: wehold idols.tolay those upon the altar,without murmuring and trust in God, is indeed approaching to that sublimity of character that will secure eternal blessings. The Savior said unto Peter, on one occasion, "There is no man that hath left- home orlparehts, or brethren, or wife, or children for the kingdom of God's sake, who shall not receive manifold more in this present time, and in the world tonronTetfe-ererlastiTrgTSuch are the promises held out to those who are willing to make sacrifices, to pass through trials, and to endure privation and. affIicJLion,.,an9 still hold fast to" their integrity." In order to endure with meekness and forbear ance the various vicissitudes and. experiences that beset the people of God, who are trying to" serve Him, it is specially necessary to put away selfish as well as to bestow ness, to be goods to the poor; and this is the hardest task of all to men and women, and harder pejhrtps in this day of prosperity and comparative grandeur, than it was in the days of adversity and primitive sim- has given is easy compared to some other things. Though we are surrounded today as a people with many temporal blessings, yet we are getting some hardJessons; they are exceedingly inter esting to- those who have learned thoroughly some of the simpler ones given long ago, but-tthose idle students, who , have looked on while others were learning, they are indeed difficult to Saints have comprehend. In fact the Latter-da- y ' into the got higher mathematics. It will be abso lutely necessary to have both faith and works, and those who have cultivated the spiritual sense will be able to cope with the abstruseproblcms : presented, far better than thosewha depend en- tirelv UDon their reasoning Ddwers There arc many things that transpire in the course of one's life, that cannot be reasoned out conclusively, crt notwithstanding0 materialist will tell vn j- -to the sincere and are not to faith in blocks but testimonies God, stumblings g of an increase that the bond power of faith, that, chain .which unites the finite with the infinite. 'It is the spark of divinity awakened within'the soul, 'that gives light to the mind, and enables those who sufTer,to grow stronger in faith and brighter in the hope-an- d assurance of the future, and animates them' with a desire to 20 on to perfection, and to reach out a helping hand to others, to all "our Father's" children, to teach Them the lessons the Saints are trying to learn more perfectly, for iti the happiness of others in- dividual happiness consists. And knowing our own weaknesses and' shortcomings, we should : grow to be'charitableto others. As our minds enlarge, andwe become enlightened with that knowledge of spiritual things we see, as we had never been able to see before the great need we have of being clothed with - o devout-Christiarrthe- a,' se over-rulin- ' : . a cT 'IhT'TITs position to grasp everything within their, reach, Joseph said it reminded him of a child (who invariably as we 11 self-sacrifici-ng iv h"oTi sea"k1rig6Tmen - rl - 1 all know) when picking up apples would fill his apron as full as he could, but so long as he could see an apple he would keep on trying to carry more than the apron would hold and. leave no place to hold on to when down would go the whole apronfull rolling away from himone after on't grasp alio the fan dal f wasI more than, you Can carry or you may lose all." It would be a most deplorable thing if this people should, because of worldly prosperity, grow proud and haughty, and look dowc upon the poor and ost-mor- , t l -- al'd .!.. .fil 1 I !- -- upgriors in intelligence and perchance in education too the Lord said to the Nephites'Beware of pride." And the Book of Mormon teaches many lessons upon this subject that the Saints .couldjweJipr It cannot be denied that the Lord has blessed this people"in their basket and in their store,"but it is to be booed thev will not forget that they are only stewards, and must use wisely. tthe means ,l r. 1. r uueu nanus, uuc ucdis mc icmaiK, piaceu in ineu "such a one has talent he ought to cultivate it for the good of othersto bless and benefit mankind, he is culpable if he does not develop such gifts," and yet men whom the Lord has blessed with riches seldom think it necessary to use it for the benefit of others; in, both cases, it is doubtless the duty of the possessor to assist Others, and so also should those who have the gift of faith, not hide it under a bushel, but apply it in a way to bless mDnHnH nnnnrtiini'tit.c fnr nrtinor rr rrr afP all around us , nnrl thev ;hriilM not- he- overlooked. A - kind-woacceptable than an expensive gift. Kindness, gentleness, for- u"1,UiU? luwc aictu vmuw, ui ur daily lives, that will increase and add to the loveliness of the.hu- of others and the happiness . , ., man cnaracier. ureat tnmgs are maae up xr trifles, the world itself is composed of atoms; the smallest courtesies we can render to those with whom we are associated help to bind us more closely in their affections. Too often in the pur bauble we suit of some pet scheme, some far-ooverlook the pearl that lies close to us, lucky for us if we do not crush Itlh Aur, haste to push on .e ward. The Savior said "whoso shall offend one of these little ones, which believe in me, it were better for him that a millstone were hanged about his neck, and that he were drowned In the depths of the sea." How tender then ought we to ba of each other, especially in times of trials and per plexity, never wound another's feelings, or exult - -in any sof rdw, or "rnlslorf u"ne7 Tbafmay oTerta fc e ,even those who Jiave injured us. The Savior taught us to forgive s we would be forgiven, and in His marvelous language .said, "Love your .D .1. curse vou. ocr. - uu enemies Ll eis .1inem inai 1 1 1 1 1 rd ff - v 