W.v In a j- f -- .N I. 0 'v i Vqu 20 ' f ' SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 15, 1891. "UK " " ... ill CONTENTS. " "" I... ,.,-,- .-, .1,. . - .1. Ml ., -- I. And in hours of pleasure, or darkest days A nameless charm doth their influence give. ,., No. 4. , -l . While listening to the gentle ripple of the stream, a adwa tching its pi ay f , s park ling .EUL--- d i se, mplesrI--f hough trlw w i kei ts way warl f had the hours of my childhood glided by. No clouds of care or trouble ever made a GIRL'S me sad, or .even thoughtful of the great waves, of the rushing tide sosooirto be reached in the busy life:ofwonianhood; the days, weeks, mouths and years" passed so swiftly hy. ToSmithfield, Juno lGth, 1801.' : day, for the first time in eighteen years, T have My Darling JSlstku: plucked wild flowers within the shady -- grove, Your dear, pleasant letter, descriptive of where oft in childhood I, with other free, your journey, (through - the Geography), was children played. duly received, thrice read, and much appro- On my way to this place, as tho train ciateu. une point, 1 wondered at your hav rounded the point of the mountain, emerging direct missed; didn't to ing your guide you from the canyon, and coming into full view of the world fani'ed Falls of Niagara? I should this beautiful valley, Igazed upon the homo like to have had your opinion of them. where I had passed the happiest days of ray Wouldn't it be fine if we could really travel, childhood, tho place in which all mv school you and I, and visit some of those places of days were spent; bright days long to bo rein teres lr membered; loved teachers, never to be for But sometimes I wonder if we young gotten. I called to mind the first lines of one to J)e Utah born, dulyr appreciate of the beautiful r songs our uncle D. sings: the grandeur and beauty,. of scenery by which "Fond recollections, like visions steal o'er me, ' we are surrounded, here at home; or if we cirrealizeas we should, the peaceful,-happTaking me back to my once happy home; Scenes of my childhood are ever before me, cumstances under which we have been, privi Fresh in my memory, wherever I roam." leged to be born and reared; I fear that often we do not. Then I scanned briefly the naL'cs of memory's Today I have been strolling by the lovely volume, turniiicr them one bv one. and noting clear stream that flows through, and gladdens the swiftly changing, shifting scenes; sometimes the heart of this settlement. Have 'gathered smooth and clear as summer skies, and. somesweet, wild flowers; rested in a quiet, shady-nook- times dark and cloudy. But I am not ?oint? listened to the songs of praise from the tod well fax sorro wfuioihmcaou shou Id see uncle D. and his wife, if vou would behold. the tree tops, and heard also the voice of what seems to me. a perfect renresentation of Answer to Little Girl's Letter Evadn a, M ayAVr igh - Se wall Vie t JTnregn JLelterJ-ib- r ter. Woman's Day at Chautauqua Woman's Tribune, Woman Suffrage Augusta Joyce Crocheron. Death of James Russel Lowell. R. S. Reports Maricopa Juab. American Fork V. S. At Weber Co., vV.S. A. The Suffrage in Victoria Golden Wedding H. B. B. The J3Vhil Cross Movement in Education. 'Editorial: Women in Politics. Visit to Kaysville. Editorial Notes. Charles Ellis' Pamphlet. Death of Sister Merrill. Again Comforted M. E. K. " Poetry: Singing Evermore Augusta 'Joyce Crocheron. The Magic of Musical Echoes E. B. AV. Zintka Latuni Augusta Joyce Crocheron. t- 11 1 1 W, noisy-cour- answer to little letter: -- . SINGING ' ; - . light-hearte- ' d -- EVERMORE. " people-- Should I - veil my face in passing Thou would'st know me' without sign, Thou would'st know me still unchanged As my own heart kuoweth.thine. . - favored 1 y Though in solitude I dream on , Thoudost sit my soul beside," Thou dost answer all my asking O'er the distance dark and wide. Other eyes may change their meaning Wiser grown as years pass o'er, But thine own rhyme with thy singing Through the silence evermore. ; All I strove to do, though failing- Thou dost know the0 meaning's worth, r To complete the hopes of earth. Matters not though great or idle Discords come and changes pass, Time holds fresh as souls are deathless What was valued in the past, " ' . Often life may hush to silence, All their praises done and o'ert But tliine own to me are singing Through thesilence evermore. , 7 V August 9th, 1891. Augusta Joyce CrociIeron. 1.. . THE MAGIC OF MUSICAL ECHOES. - x There's a strain of music floats on the breeze, sAnd its echoes, the rhythm of fairies JelL And jingling with notes of the sighing trees It enchants the soul with a weird-lik- e spell. And the sweetest visions of long ago , Are afloatefi the summer breeze again, And we pause as we thiuk of times swift flow, And we listen to catch the sad refrain. The thoughts that come with that musical strain Bring the past enrapt in a mystic light And the halo of memory once again, R6aro3.dimLQ.ter our'path on "a moonlit night--Away in the shadowy, .hazy past, Ere'clouds had darkened the azure skies; Our pulses were quick, and our hearts beat fast, And earth in its beauty seemed Paradise. ' The tender chords of the heart may be stirr'd "By a sweerstS Repeating the echoes that erst were heard 7 From the depths of the years of long ago. A lingering sweetness of cherish'd hours, Sweeps through our lives as we journey along As delicate .perfume from fragrant flowers, Or the melody of some long-losong, Which wake in our soul where remembrance stays, The joys which e'en time can never outli ve; . .' st - weauea. Jiie. - lney are so wel m ted to each ouu r, ana to nappy iu each other s love. And .what picture can be more interesting than such a reality as this? To a little book which aunt has lent me. I ' find these lines; 1 -- " waieisyas tuny spca onwara, joyoniy-iiuiunnthe parts assigned them in the great perforin ance 01 iNature. And my own Heart was awakened to a sense of the; deep gratitude due from me to my Heavenly Father, for His abundant mercies. Thoughts of my dear home, which it b now nearly a year since I left, recalled To, memory's view, the peaceful thoughtful face of my father, who still remains to comfort, encourage and instruct his little flock, and lead them in the path of truth and honor. My sen tie mother, too.' wbose fair face jmiles.bcneath a crown now tinged with gray, and whose lear voice I seemed to hear exclaim, "Oh! Father bless my absent "child, and bring herafe to me again' . And Auntie -- with-her ircmrti -- My brotheTS kind ami brave and true; my sisters pure and chaste g -- ThoselQselMarS Christ, whose lives are "spent in" doirig7 go6d,r who strive to. know and do the will- - of God, seeking to gain Eternal lives in the world to come, will always find much to rejoiceover. These and many other reflections have passed through my, mind. And while all nature lifts the voice of praise to the Great Creator, shall not we praise Him "too with prayer and song, : for His protecting care? r . FAIREST OF TJIK RURAL MAIDS. of the rural maids! J" :. birth in was forest the . Thy shades, Green boughs and glimpses of the sky. Were all that met thy infant eye. , O 'Oh-faire- - Thy sports, thy wanderings, when a child, Were ever in the sylvan wild; And all the beauty of the place Is :in thy heart and on thy face. le-vi-u and happy hearted, all gathering round the hearth at home. But now they do not gather jis in days gone by. For men who know nothing of the joys which we have known, say we must nd longer dwell in peace as we have hitherto done. And God, for some wise pu r pose suffers it to be so now. But though power is granted men to Feparate us in our homes7they cannoT"T)reaF the band of love which unites our hearts, ttirt one strong band of everlasting love. And though they may disturb, they cannot destroy our peace ofmiuci. 1 The twilight of the trees and rocks , Js in the light shades of thy locks, Thy step is as the wind that weaves Its playful way among the TeaVes." W. C. " Bryant. Now Tlattie, I consider this a long7long letter for me to have written, don't you? Please share it with all the loved one3 at home, autl answer' prompilyf for you know how"""anxi6usly your letters are watcliecnbr by, Your affectionate sister, EviDNA. , - :F0REIGNLETTEE Douglas, Isle of Man Dear Mary: July Since I last wrote to vou several places. Castletown is old town, which was once smugglers.. The houses are all built, the walls very thick to 5, 1891. I have seen a very, very inhabited bv very strongly resist attacks 