The myitis of the Wom'en of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of Vox. 19. SALT LAKE CITY, UrAH, FEBRUARY 15, 1891. Eastern Women Among IiaIgh.Lehi WS. A-- Bright Women Six Ideal Home Clara Selleck. Items frcm Colorado L. M. W. Maricopa MaladUox:Elder of Payson. .Notes and News. Mormon Wives Death has done to me this cruel wrong"! Has hushed the beating of aheart so strong, And silenced evermore the voice of song ? and Mothers. 77 Stand. O preciou, leaves ! "For love and thee and me?'' "AmFd the 'Tges'oltr rh'ey sinVmay be, " Hut seeing the.n, again. I seem to see ... Ward Adelaide Ridges. Poetry: Lines on the Death of Emma Abbott Mary Olive Murray. A Day Shadow-Lan- d B. E. W. Patty Cary. Seventy Lula. A Mother in Zion Emily H. Woodman- By-Go- The loving face; th? far off day seems near; The voice I loved in song again is clear, e And once again those words 1 hear; ne old-tim- "And the linden leans above me see. ; Till I think some t Jngs there be In this dreary world that love me Even me-ev- en me." LINES ON THE DEATH OF EMMA ABBOTT. Patty Cary, hi life IVomxfi'ijVgw, AMONG EASTERN WOMEN. earth grew sad on New Year's Eve At wasted hours, a dying, An angel hovered near and heard, O'er all the sounds of sighing, A voice, ascending to Heaven's dome, And the. song it sang was "Home, Sweet Home." As the M. A. Y GREEXHALGn. While writing of the womeu of the Orient, ones mind naturally reverts to Palestine, and the women of the people to which that land by right belongs, and where, ere long, the .of. Israel, will take their harps from daughters . Ml .1 il me .winows ana tune mem to more joyous themes, than lor long ages past they have had the heart to do. The Jewish woman as we see nly-i- n the East, but JierJa.the citiesr-notthroughout the known world, is one to call forth our deepest sympathy . and admiration. Many of them beautiful as a dream, chaste and patriotic, if the terra may be applied to the gentler sex, crushed beneath a load of sorrow and misery; yet toiling on without complaining to help their lathers, husbands, or brothers, to bear the burden of their persecution, and the utter; degradation to which they are reduced and subjected. In Jerusalem, Home, Paris, London, and And as it rose, still clearer, higher The angel paus'd, on wing unfurl'd i narvoice is meet tor iroa s own cnoiry Too angel like for this vile world No longer shall this pure one roam. Bat sing in Heaven, at "Home, Sweet Home." " 1. 1 -- -- He touched the hps of the singer With his; at his blighting breath, The voice to earth grew fainter For the angel's name was Death. But over the surging sea of foam " ,: riuaieu uacn iuc ccho norac, oweet nome w j Not "hushed forever," not "silent," rhat voice, divinely sweet I ' Tis ringing on thro' the ages, .. yamMW .V, And the words were writ in Heaven's tone That she sings with angels, at Home, Sweet Home. Oh, quiet your strife and listen ' Twill Jndeed Jncvery citywhereJlie Jravelerstopa I dry the springing tear Reach heavenward to catch the strain That falls so soft, so clear; Infinity her walls, eternity her dome, Hear the sweet voicestnging: "Come Home, Sweet Home!" . . Mary On veMujuiay, Atlanta, jGsu- - A BY-GON- E DAY. 1 his morning in my hands I chance to hold n book, and in its pages old There lay three linden leaves with hue of gold. A well-wor- Three perfect leaves I And seeing them , I stood Again beside my lover in a wood V here bestrewed. shining linden leaves the ground And, searching there, my true love gathered three; "For love,'' he said, "for love nd thee and me, To keep this golden day in memory." And as he searched the linden leaves among AJ1 tenderly he. sang this olden song, Whote words unto the melody belong: huu uie nnaen leans ,aQKfcxmU Tiil I think some things there be to rest, there are to be seen many a Ruth, and Esther, Miriam, or Deborah, weary, from long fufFering and toil; and we the harp "ofTsrael"i)e mentally ask; when-wil- l again heard acconpanyingthe songs of Zion, andltsusTc Tesound through the beautiful city, and amid the vines and olives of Judea? In no other European city can we see them anaheirsurerTng more forcibly than in Rome. In that city, for many years, the Hebrew race had a chequered and uncertain career. The seat of their original colony was not far from the Ghetto, where they arenow located, though several families established themselves in the quarter Franstivere, that is the portion of the city across the Tiber; The Emperor Domitian banished them to the valley of Egeria, a f pot between the Jpresent bosilica of St. John sad-eye- d -- years of Pius JX(tho last pope.) The first sign oi interest that lie showeu, wa3 wuen be gave a small coin to an aged beggar, who was a Hebrew, "Sire," said his attendant, "ho is a Jew." The pontiff replied, "What docs that matter, he is a man." The streets of the Ghetto are narrow, crooked and darkout of them are many blind alleys, many of them not more than five or six feet wide, and the; squalor and filth is indescribable, and the houses all have a look of moldydecay. The Jewish race is hero seen in its sa'ddest and lowest plight, not a ray remains of its ancient glories. Thero are no dignified forms, no keen and penetrating eyes, , none of those beautiful children, who in other lands remind the Jew of the youth of his nation; none oi those supert) black' eyes, that seem to unite the passions of Judith,the softness of Esther, and the sadness of Rachel. v The complexion is -- colorlest remindicgoco of plants that have grown in the dark; thi3 la the result of i mperfect ventilation and dark abodes. One meets at every turn pale, stoop . ing figures; "on thoTfeps, antl within the house, near the open windows, are seen starving wo men, laboriously plying the needle. Misery stares forth from tlie tangled Iliairy and complains silently in the yellow brown faces, no beauty oi feature recalls the countenance of Rachel, Leah, or Miriam. Sometimes a glance from a deep, set black eye, that looks up from the needle and rags seems to say: "From the daughter of Zion all her beauty is departed. She weepeth sore iu the night, and her tears are on her cheeks, among all her lovers she hatk none herr all her friends have dealt treacherously by her. How hath the Lord covered the daughter of Zion with a cloud in His anger." I Ife Ghetto is aboullh'e "most densely" popu lated spot in any European city. The streets are parallel to the river, and connected by narrow lanes. Old father Tiber is just as in- to-comf- coDsjsteo t. a rivers Jia was in- thedaysof - Ovid- - or of Horace. He overflows his banks as often, and sends into the streets of the Ghetto, from the upper country, quantities of mud and sewer filth, which requires a great stretch of the imagination to call yellow, the only name that will give even a faint idea of it i3 black stinking. mud. It might be presumed that the inundations leaving this abominable deposit on the streets, would be highly prejudicial" Id 'the health of Lateran, and the ruined baths of Carscalla; the inhabitants, but such does not seern to bo they were not allowed to walk about the the case; and this is attributable to several more frequented stress, to build any place of causes. One is the frequent ablutions of the worship, or to occupy any public position. people, who are for the most part Pharisees of But the full weight of their judicial ignominy, the strictest sect. They practise the custom of and the accomplishment'of the old prophecies washing the bands and feet before meals, a custom so strictly commanded among the Jews, concerning them, dinojjwi wall of the when the Redeemer was on the earth, that to "the IV. shut them up within the Hebrew the Ghett". This word is derived fr,om neglect i t, Was to be held gui ty of a capital X iJU&JUitL. to this chat. it!itfi?j day w he iWatt-- ra b; -- or' -erecl tliat lher should never appear in- - descendant of Ishmaer, wishes specially to p -- ' Ko. 16. the streets of Rome, unless the women wore yellow veils, and the men yellow hatP. .Yellow in some countries" is emblematic of ignominy. When Sixtus V. became pope, he, remembering that the Jews were of the family from which Christ came,treatcd them more liberally and allowed them to build libraries and synagogues. But all this was undone by Clement VIII. and his immediate successors. And thus they, were made to-- suffer every indignity that And as he sang, and looked for kaves the while His eyes sought, mine whh arch and tender smile. What j y can e'er again my heart beguile-Si- nce TtieT Miscellaceous. R. S. Reports Utah. W.S.A The Baby Three Score and Ten. Ia this dreary world that love me Even me-e- ven me." - " - M. A. Y. Green- - Kruf York Suhi Practical Political Study s all Nation jj . 1 