: FOIAffSEXf OIEIf. 7 The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of all Nations. j -- . .. , I Voi. 20. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER 151891. CONTENTS. :, ' ' A Man's Advice About Woman Suffrage D. P. Felt. In Rural England. The Ballot as a Measure of Reform Etta L. Gilchrist, M. D. R. S.t Y. L. M. I. A., and P, A., Reports Cassia Utah Co. W.S. A. W. White, Sec. Editorial: Fear Not For Zion. . Editorial Notes. A -- New Story Book. Press Women in Boston, Woman's Press Club Organized. Ex-- ' tracts From President Woodruff's Sermon at - -- Whose silent waters shall flow erelong, In tranquil joy to the Savior's feet; t. -- It will tell of a cross th.it was meekly borne Through faith and love to the gates of morn. in So the angel's song will be never sad, " And thy spirit will vault to a height unknown. Thou wilt wonder to hear it so strong and glad, - And thine heart shall no more be depressed and lone; For the song that the angel will sing, somg day, Shall beof a life that was fair as May. f OLa-lovel- I can give my boy say even in this age, "Oh-ian education, my girl will marry some one w ho will get the bread J a . the .house audi f I teach her to bake bread- aud do plain sewing While "my boy must have a good education and make his way in the world. Of course this, like as in the days of our Roman mothers is all right as far as it goes, but why should wo. neglect our girls? are they not future -- niqthersL-nd ahou as the fathers? Most decidedly yes, and more so say I; who, I will ask, are the persons to " whom we first appeal for our food? 'who is the first one to hear our plaintive cry when we aro sick? who is the one to whom we first look for sympathy in our infantile troubles? who u the one who first leads our baby footsteps to , the altar of prayer and teaches us what to say? whf u our struggling mind-burst- s into a deiro to know where God is, what themoon is, and the stars, and a hundred other childish questions, to whom do we go? As time rolls on and we find an intelligent adviser into whose. our questions and . willing, eat..: are . all poured, even to the time of choosing .out life mate? I'll tins wer. all these questbua "" a noble strife, crown-f- or As a bright reward for.3 faithful life! Suggested by Mrs. Hemans' "Triumphant Music.'' For the Exponent: rAUXUMN. A MAN'S ADVICE ABOUT WOMAN . Charming, golden days of Autumn, . In thy paradise we roam Revel in the sweet profusion, Of thy gifts around us thrown, All thy voices cheer and echo, Thro' the realm of mind and soul, Raising aspirations ever, Upward toward the wished-fo- r goal. One by one we twine together, Leaves like golden coini dropped down, Fadeless leaves from Queen of summer, With poetic beauty crown'd. Thanks that 'mid life's trial and bustle,-W- e may gather some few flowers, That may aid to charm and sodthe us, Inio.ur4aiJy trial .hours. Raiss our thoughts to fadeless "blossoms, In immortal gardens fair, Far abovT earth-toi- l, and striving, And its sound of ceaseless care. . SUFFRAGE. i Lue. Atchison Kan.. For the Woman's Exponent. VICTORY IN OBSCURITY. RUBY LAMONT. Thou sayest, sweet woman that not for thee : Are those7 strains of music, glad and grand, ' That but for lie" victor, (he brave.the free, The hero who dies for his bleeding land, The proud or the lovely, the young or gay, Breathe thW waking strains that o'er joy 4ear swayv Thou say'st, whilst thine eye with a tear is blurred, v That thy life is too narrow and dull to sing, That thy rising soul as a pinioned bird, Is beating a clipped and troubled wing;" And thou pleadest the beautiful song to cease -- A Strain that can . only; undpJhpeac.eJlwC-- Oh, what is thy life I would question thee? A thing so dull and so useless and vain That even an angel's soft melody, Would sadden thy soul as an autumn rain? . no-wis- if-yo- r ur And "who is the victor and who the brave And whose is the life that is grand and true? For whom should the banner of glory wave Arid whose is the crown irom in angel's view? and wide the spaa- And we judge not aright of our fellow man! 'moxjjigsngig Of a beautiful life that isgratid and svreet;'m . ( i- - 1 1 . jvardslshewaplaced-in-surjjection-to-hi- m, but this I dpnbt. I think it only originated from man's superior strength and never was a divine wish or expectation- - was only a mundane retrogression that must first becnecked before woman can attain her posi tion on strict equalityJwith her liege lord, God-give- ' ; It has - confi-denc- V ' been the prevailing idea with mankind from as far back as history goes, that the son and heir are the acmejrf perfection. How did our Roman mother feel itherjchj.Ld .bjtppeiied to be a girl? the poor child wa3 neglected, her physical development was neglected, her edu-- . cation was of decidedly second consideration to the son already born, or the one to come. Even before hand, preparations were made for the full development of the physical -- "Hare to IayT am wrong, I "think not. Hence for a mother to fill these important functions she must not have her education neglected, she must either be qualified or quality herself to make a mother iri every sense of the ' word; a mother who knows how to take care of her n charge from the moment of its conception until she lays down her body with a large concourse of intelligent children as mourners;, a mother who when she taught her child to pray that she adopted the very best language, that when sickness comes on she will know better than all the quack neighbors that drop in with their harrowing tales ot' iheir ex perience; a mother must know ho w to ans ,vcr the infantile questions that are asked by all intelligent children or if unable to know how to answer in such a way as to retain the confidence of the,cbild; in other words know the child.; as the child grows up she must be the '. jn.(Lw.hQjfiiyi.iha.foiiiidation for a solid character, must prepare him for , scholastic and academic; life '"Her edu cation, if confiiied to.: baking bread or sewing on a button only, would, when her bright little child asks "how. are stove reference to other "" persons for information, it will be so with all other questions asked and ere long your child will appeal to you no more for information, he will go away from home and the chances for defective or immoral teachings are more prone to he met with in promiscuous associations than home, to say nothing of the ' desolation created by the child or- growing1 youth or maiden who 13 turned over to an unfeeling worl j, Whose teachings are "fraught with any j God-give- r n : j- - made-necessitat- e " - butmaternal or trustworthynUnctSr What1-IshomewitHo- and meiital" tenure "Of "Rome's fulurearmy." taTcomfort giving essential This was right as far as it, went, but compare confidence, Its loss can invariably be traced h e tsiijchildrejLof defect in our girl Veducation. 4o that-on- e and ESTef e coilrs?5 caref u ly tak enrgi ven lo raise up that standard ot equality you " i ioe-dayBrJTlleboy-- 1 a-rf- gid was es hythe. . man. Thy lips would quiver; thy breast would lieave And o'er blighted fancies thine heart would grieve Sad to give vent to woman regard suffrage tiu complete manner, hence have had my ideas so contorted as to entirely destroy my actual position as an earnest advocate of your cause in public life. Now on the contrary, you have my hearty support, but ! think you, or many of your prominent advocates, take a wrong shoot and instead of laycause, you ing a foundation for your noble " ' branch out in" leaves or Wall branches as it and were, ideas, which are naturally or over sanguine enthusiastic, mil down you fit way s fin d'"sW esaTjour"' fall", and he will invariably langh at your pre sumption on bo weak a foundation, to aspire to do something with nothing, pardon my candor, this is what always drives my suffrage friends from me disgruntled, without giving . . . i f '.i j i. . meiae opportunity to iuny aeune my position, but in my opinion such is the condition today and will so remain unless you change your tactics, and build a foundation that will re-- . quire at feast two generations to erect a struct ure on that will stand the storms of ridicule that today beat against your frail house, and invariably causes either depression or the en tire crush of the structure. AVe are told in our earliest histories that man was made first, and that woman was so .dependent on him, that even the first woman had to secure a start from man, and that after- to.; my. opinion in e a short- - but -- BY -- I have frequently had occasion ; it-- r - Of self forgotten, of holy 16 ;e. Of vigils lone by the couch of pain. -- Of a constant faith m the Iland above; -- Ruby Lamont. The Spirit of Right and Wrong -- Zina E. Crocherou. Two Faces Lula. No. 9. physical development and a thorough training in wnrt tactic?, while the girl was turned over heartlessly to a nurse and more or less neglected all through life except when filling the office of motherhood;. the history of mankind down to the Tracing ' can present, any one tell mo whether it is much better today?. I've heard many mothers - It .will tell in a ckar triumphant strain, i ,. . . : 1 . - ut 