WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1C3 wherever the woman possesses thi3 economic position, she. i3 not under .the guardianship of her husband, but 13 the head ot the family. ... The Rev. Samuel Gorman, a missionary among the Taguna Pueblo Indians, remarks in an address before the Historical Society of New Mexico that "the right of property belongs to the female part of the family, and descends in that line from mother to daugh-- r will tell youtheyjha've been alone - at the hearth -with their mother soul. ... - They are conceived of peculiarly as divine mother, (gottermuther) traveling about and has From visiting mortals. houselearned the business and the arts of keeping, agriculture, cattle raising, tpinning ' weaving, sowing, reaping, a3 well a3 watching the hearth. These, labors bring peace and rest ter." to the laud, and the memorjrjBfjher 7 hen-women than war and generally have con trolof firmer inpleaii -- the - granary, - and - they are more provident fighting, which like women, the inaJo7Uyofthe than their Spanish neighbors about the future. goddesses, shun. Karl Pearson says: "A truer Ordinarily they try to have a year's provision although unconscious tribute to the civilizing on hand. It is only when two years of scarcity work of women, can hardly be imagined." Karl Pearson tells us, the transition from the succeed each other that Pueblos, as a commuity Buffer hunger. was marked by the mother to the father-agOf the Seuecas.oOTorthjlmerica,- - the Rev. appearance of women of gigantic stature. The Arthur Wright wrote in 1873 : "Usually the old legends of contests between, men and wofemales ruled tho house. The stores were in men for supremacy are not such idle fancies as woe to the luckless husband or- - som e avouM haveusJ)elie ve common;-b- ut lover who was too shiftless to do his share of ows indeed do such figures "as those of Ildico, the providing. No matter how many children, Fredegunde and .Brunhilde cast' across the' pages of history. Such women were ouf or whatever goods he might have in the house, he might at any time be ordered to pick up paralelled by the Clytemnestra and Medea of a like phrase in Greek development his blanket and budge ; and after such an orAmong der it would not be healthful for him to the Germans, too, the poets represented the contest between men "and women for the attempt to disobey. The women were the great power among the mastery. Wuodan replaces. Hellja; Siegfried conquers Brunhilde; Beovulf, the offspring of clan, as everywhere else. They did not hesiGrindel and Thor, fights with Gialp, and tate, when occasion required, to knock off the G riep, th e- d aughters of G eirrod. - One g real r horn 8,' as it was technically called, from the head of a chief and "send him back .to the element of physical and mental vigor is women have never enjoyed except7 ranks of the warriors. The original nominaunder the Matriarchate. tion of the chiefs also always rested with the The Amazons, the present body guard of the women." The account we find given by the PortuKing of Dohomey, the astounding powers of endurance exhibited by domestic servants and guese navigators of the Nairs, a people inhabij the peasant girls of southern Germany and ting theast of Malabar in the fifteenth entury, is another proof of the superior conItaly, and the Boulogne, all point to the of women when once the dition of women under previous family sysgreat "strength has been tems. The Nairs were then in a state of physique developed The victory of man over woman was not actual, civilization ; tney naa a marine and their town3 easily acqraplishedvJt took long centuries to armywere weal thy laud the inhabitants courteous in fully confirm it, and traces L.of the mother-agmanners. .remain throughout The mother, or in case of her death, the permanency of sex relations among the agriculturists and the necessity for organization in eldest daughter, was the head of the family; the eldest brother, named the foster father, matters of defence, which must be entrusted managed the estate ; the husband was a guest ; mainly to men, were' the ""beginnings of the father age. , he only entered the house on fixed days, and, did not sit at table with his wife and children. Driven from the commanding position of The Nair3," says Barbosa, "have an extraand deprived of her rights to ordinary respect for their mother it is from property and children, the last fortress of the her they receive wealth and honors; they Teutonic wonian.was her sacerdotal privileges. honor equally their eldest sister, who is to She -- remained holy as priestess. She had succeed the mother and take ' the management charge of the tribal sacrifice and 'the tribal ' of the family. The children belong jo- - the jrdigion.' mother, and she takes "their support on herprom this last refuge shgl" drivenby-- r the self." The Nair family system was maintained i among the Malabar pedble till the invasion of narrow Pauline doctrine, which made woman Hyder Ali in 1766." mentally andphysically the inferior of man, Strabo says of the primitive people of and lawfully in subjection to him. Spain: "That they suffered a most foolish Morgan in his I'Ancient Society," attributes the premature destruction of ethnic life, in the governance by women; that, the women the and it possossed property, passed , from societies of Greeceand Rome7to their TailureTo" mother to daughter ; that the latter gave-awadevelop and utilize the mental and --moral eon- their brothers in marriage ; that the men took servative forces of the female, intellect, which a dowry with them into the houses of their were not less essential than those of men to their wives ; that the women perform all. the agriprogress. cultural work, and were as hardy as men. In closing, I would j say thatIeyeivwomarv The. women at a later-periwere not" only "present must have a of dignity and the rulers of the home but they were priestesses ; self respect, teeling that our mothers during the deities were in a great part goddesses. All some periods in the long past have been the there was of learning and tradition was in the ruling power and that they, used that power hands o the women, the folk custom ' long for. the bestinterets-of humanity. As history recognized their superiority To m an. itself, reason to believe repeats The :i safety--x)f motherland Kld, in the that our turnwillcome every it again, may not be solitude of the vast primeval forests, was due for woman's supremacy, but for the, as yet unin no small measure, to the superstition that tried, experiment of complete when woman was in communion with the gods who the united thought of man andequality, woman will would avenge her wrongs. Her spirit is supa a inaugurate just government, pure religion posed to linger around the hearth after death in.K.nff, ad-to-d f ay tbolitaryta , them-manki- r nd -T- e -- - free-dom'-whi- ch For the ExponentA GOOD TESTIMONY, Dear Sister: jit -- well-organiz- ed . e home-mothe- r, . . r. . I have taken the Exponent ever since was first published; but have never .written word for it yet. 8b I will avail myself this opportunity. I have been a teacher of in many happy hours with them, and hope I shall many more. In our Relief Society here in Gunnison there are 163 members; we are getting along well. We hold our monthly meetings regularly ako a working meeting every month in which we make quilts for the poor, etc. We have very. good president. She is always thought ful .ot the -- poor and of what she can do. for them. Our Society is having a new store built and is progressing favorably. I am now seventy years old, I had my last birthday in February, when a number of my --children and friends came and surprised me, and they gave me some nice presents. I. have been in the Church 35 years, but have never regretted it. I know the Gospel is true, I know there is no other way to be saved. I received the Gospel in its fulness, and will stand up for it ever, God being my helper. I have had many ups and downs in my life, but still I know that Joseph Smith was a true prophet, I can bear that testimony "to all my sisters and to all the world. i . When hourse, I sit in my little ' home in my lonely I always think of what troubles and trials I have passed through in my life; but through it all I can see that the Lord has had His eye upon me since I came into this world. Sisters, let us bo prayerful; pray , for one- anptner, anatne autno myIslerstterrtion to;the Do not be too slow .j-jj-- ll ' to do your work Temple. there; for we see people pass away on the right and left 6f U3, and we know not the hour when we will be called away. There are many on the other side of the. veil watching and waiting for us to release them. If I had the means, I should 8peji4 the rest of my days in that holy House. ; There are many who are blest with means. I think they could not spend it in a better way for that would indeed be treasures laid up in heaven. I have 115 names onmy record for I whoml have performed a work or had it done for them. What a happy day it will be when ' I meet them in the millenium, ask the. Lord to bless you. Your sister in the Gospel, I Mary Kjar Sanderson. Gunnison, April 21, 1891. y new-sens- a in Gunnison and other places since May 1868. I have walked hun dreds of miles to visit my sisters, and have had ( od it ty -c- fish-women- --- IMPERFECTUS. wonder if ever a song was sung But the singer's heart sang sweeter! I wonder if Tver a rhyme was rung : But the thought surpassed the metre! I wonder if ever a sculptor wrought 'Til the cold stone echoed his ardent thought! .with light and shade,-- The dream of his inmost heart portrayed! Lwonder if ever a rose was fonnd And there might not be a fairer! Or, if ever a glittering gem was grouud, " , And we dreamed not of a rarer! . Ah! never on eartn shall we find the best! But it waits for us in the land of rest; I e . .9L?Laiter -- we-ha- ve -a- 111 more. ' we pass the portal of shining gold, Kv.-- ; James C. Harney. 