I its':. '-- : EXPOS .LJi The Rights of the Women of Zion, and the Rights of the Women of Vol. 19. Ah! the years have chastened a lingering few,- - i In sunshine and shadow and falling dew; And the touch of the Christ has so softened the pain. As lo change inta rubies the dull dropsr of Tainf sorrow raT)eautyhaveTe1ttt : To the lives that in waiting and patience are spent; And time in his flight has a benizon shed, As the chestnut has faded that whitens the head; And this be the myrtle, the laurel, the bays, That we gather and wear since those old, olden days Woman Clara SelleekClosingr Class Exercises Mi A. b. Rosa Konheur. 'Miscellaneous Thp Gifts of the Gospel M. E. Kimball. R. S. Re- Lake Box Elder. W. S. A. Salt portsV-b- alt Lake Co. Notes and News. Book Notices. Notes. Editorial Wedding Anni Fifty-fift- h S. vr.s. wild-woo- to-da- y, We search for bloom where the fairies dwell, We hunt for buds in the shady dell; . Roses and lilies in wreaths we twine Woven... from every leaf and mefsi'w To adorn the queen of May, to-da- y; success&re J The maids who come from the sunny hills, Have bathed in the sparkling, bubbling rills. Have revel'd in loveliness, and light, And quaffd the nectar of dewy night; They have come to crown queen May, In their own sweet, graceful way, The maids of beauty, lift up their voice, : For the queen of May, they made their choice. E. B. W. THOSE OLDEN DAYS. Those olden, olden days I .' ""When the world and we were young; Looming through the golden haze Which the years have around them flung; When the full matin roundelays With which the woodlands rung - Were a prophecy divine, And the chalices of life - Brimmed with rich and ruby wine, That so braced us in the strife For the myrtle and the bayO, those olden, olden days ! Ah s, S whither have they fled With their fond remembered dead? The faces that we miss; Lips we ne'er again shall kiss; The vows that then were spoken, V ' Aye, and troths, alas, since broken ! Where, O where is now the dram, And where the dreamers now? I I see the breadth of a noble brow, And faces that beam with the magic gleam " Of genius-lighte- d eyes. I see a maiden fair, With the sunlight in her hair, And a soul .ashite"Tas"eamIi':'Egnfi: That streams from the upper sk ies. ng Val-de-Boi- e, rt se .'.-- . , Whose sceptre we own And thesweet notes for her we sing And our purest offerings we bring. to-ave- rs The maids of honor her throne surround And cast their garlands upon the ground. daily-rgatheri- seer-lik- sonal obligations. He sounds a note of warning, too, which must not go unheeded, if the peace of the nation and the security of the home are to be maintained. He says: "If we may believe those who stand upon the watch-toweand scan the signs of the times,a tempest of war to which all former wars were holiday tou'rnamentsjooms big upon the horizon aud threatens to overwhelm the world in the horror. Wealth and poverty, they say, stand more and more apart, and glare across the widening chasm, more fiercely - 'Wh ile the - wicked are proud, the poor man; is set on fire!' Capital aud labor, after severe skirmishes with varying ' h ". That distinguished prelate utters words which ring with truth and sincerity, and calls Ihe unthinking to a realizing sense of their per- ps g; well-nig- G-A- 1- We come from the hill-tofar a way, Tripping along, so blithe, arid so gay; The fairest flow'rs and sweets we bring, With music we make the d ring, To welcome th maidenIay; For we crown our queen No. 22. money-gettin- neasant rarty. To.My. Sisters.-o- f versary. - .Atlanta, Ga. ihe Relief bociety Zina D. H. Young. Letter t Torn Nevada E. C. C. THE RICH AND THE POOR. ... roETRY: May.Song E. B. W. Those Olden Days S. Graves. An Acrostic W. C. The Difference Cicily Corwin. What We Found at CARDINAL GIBBONS' PAFER. Sister Bathsheba's Lula. MAY SONG. o four dospels to disarm at once thi arrayof class against class. The sacred pages teem with warnings to the rih They are the words meaning-there-i- s jof eternal trntLJlbGut-their- little substantial difference of opinion among Christians of all shades. The bane of our times is that the voice is no longer to many a living voice, in the rush .and clamor of the sacred characters are overlaid and obliterated by the "du the Rev.". Hugh Price Hughes is right in affirming that in the Bible the spirit of wealth and of greed is oftener inveighed against than the crime of adultery or drunkenness. "In the evening of careers of unexampled service-tw- o brilliancy and distinguished-publ- ic of England's greatest men, lift hands and voices of warning 'The conditions which have come upon that land are, it is to be feared, fast assumiug shape and consistency here. Let, then, the leaders of opinion and the directors of conscience in this great republic strive earnestly and fearlessly by exthe coming strife. ample and precept, the "Above all, like French workmen of the and that great Christian socialist le Comte de Min, let employers and employed come together in amity, with a view to mutual understanding. Let them state their mutual grievances and ascertain their mutual demands and temperate Christian counsels reigning, the " result will be lasting peace." " nd-servicerarrd The Musical Festival. J! all Nations. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY 15,1891. CONTENTS. The Rich And The PoorCardinal Gibbons' Peper. National Council of Women. A Smart editorial; n arraingibr-th- e isupremexconflict NATIUNALCOUNCilTOF How imminent the struggle may be no man can affirm precisely, but sign3 there are which may well fill us with disquiet.- The rich are daily becoming richer, thepoor,poorer; luxury, high living and the pride of life are on the in- crease, ine tnirst lor weaitn Decomes daily insatiate; the cries of the distressed more sharp women: At. the meeting of the Executive Committee on Tuesday af ternoon Feb. 24, 1891, the following' officers were elected for the ensuing year. Mrs. May Wright Sewall, Indianapolis, President; Mrs. Ella Dietz Clymer, New York, t; Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery, Philadelphia, Corresponding Secretary; Mrs. Isabella Davis, New York, Recording Secretary; Mrs. Lillian M. N. Stevens, Maine, Treasurer. ; At the final Executive Session of the Board of the National Council of Women the following resolutions were passed?".': Resolved: JFint, that the National Council of Women of the United States send a memorial to the clergy of the Methodist Episcopal Church, asking, inasmuch as 62 per cent, of the membership of that denomination has al-- - and loud and poignant." "The economic conditions of the United of England. States are fast approaching-thosThe homes of the poor are more marked by destitution and squalor; the light of heaven is being closed out from miserable tenement room and attic; flesh and blood are becoming more cheap, and bread -- more dear; the well- e is more solicitously being of the r watched than that of the driver. that strong' men, maddened by the tears of wife and cries of starving children, band themselves together, and sometimes re sort to deeds of violence. ,It is- - high time, then, that:,Glad3toneJ7Man-ning- , :readyby fora and Hughes, in England, should with women be admitted to the General Conference grave anxiety review the situation and sound that the clergy shall, in accordance with the a note of warning. Most opportunely, here, will of the laity, grant the admission of women dees a millionaire like Mr Carnegie declare it to Second: That the Council ask that women to be the duty of a man of wealth, first, to set be an example of modest, unostentatious living, placed on the Sunday School Lesson Comshunning display or extravagance; to provide mittee, and on all committees appointed in moderately for the legitimate wants of those the various chureffes ' for the revision of their ". dependent upou him; and, after , doing so, to creed. "I7itV consider all surplus revenues which come to upon the Reform National Divorce League the eminent him simply as trust funds which he is called and fitness consequentobligation gtr placing upon to administer; the man of wealth thus on its Board. women his for the" and trustee mere agent becoming Fourth: That the Nation Council of Women poorer, brethren." "What, then, is the duty i)f all good men shall present to the proper authorities a formal to avert the crisis? Ihe answer is simple and request that in all departments of its service Go ris this exampietbtrGoveramrarshatt al em bracin gHB ack-t- oand practicable to all;Therev!s enough; anct wagC3 tor equal work, and that both in engagmore than enough,; within the pages of the ing and promotmg its employees it shall con- Vice-Preside- n . e car-hors- Small-wonde- that-body.--;-1-- : 1 -- -- - 