WOMAN'S EXPONENT. the .many testa that would be brought to bear against us as a people, and unle3 we had an undying testimony within our hearts we would not be able to stand the trials that would come upon us. Asked how many of us were preparing to become queens and priestesses in th Kingdom of our God. Showed the necessity of mothers doing all- they could for their cbildrens' welfare spiritually as well as temporally; in speaking of the Sacrament, said -- how can we partake of it with feelings J - in-o- ur had never known of an instance where it would have been .better to have had a woman in At lat he did charge of the station-homeremember of an occasion when a young woman was brought into the station-housby a police She could not speak, and the case captain. was entered in the blotter as "drunk anddis-orderly."- -- ? e She was consigned to a cell and in the raqming was "found dead with a dead babe beside her. " L p rovIdingJbrj3m4ippointment ZPlLJy of matrons was introduced into the New police Board tt send a. delegate to' this meeting of the Women's Council. The Board did me the honor to appoint me its representative, and I came to listen and learn in this assembly of Women of broad views and high ideals, and I feel asured that the purposes of our Board will be greatly furthered by (mr having been put7 in sympathetic touch with tHe loaders of thought in the various departments of woman s work,JL thank you heartily. for- - the ,courtesy -- 1 especiaity-TOTt)ei- ug allowed to interrupt lor a lew moments the did so we would eat and 4Y6rk Legislature. It passed iu the house by course of your interesting exercises to say a Irink ntindemnation to our souls. a unanimous vote, and in the senate by a large few words about what the Board of Lady some counsel and majority ; but" the Governor withheld his sigSister L. Freeze gave good Managers-poposes to do at the Exposition. in the to of all exhorted nature. The Governor wa3 elected by the men A magniGcentsite has been assigned us and diligence performance duties. and said the officers should be sus of the State, and he did'nt wish to offend his $200,000 appropriated for the construction of tained and "their labors appreciated by those constituents. The Police Department from the Woman's.Buildingr which will undoubtedly t!i eir for whom tliey. labored. Advised counsel, the first opposed Ivth-a-ll oi woman s power the na KeDt as a nermanent-memoriajof - or monthly, effort to secure police matrons'?"""" work after the Fair is over, and in it all quarterly meetings of ithe officers, 111 f In 1 $88 a bill prepared by the Women's woman's organizations and convocations will thought such woum oe nenenciai. President Hatch said it seemedtohim that Prison Association of New I'ork, was passed find a' home. This building is to be designed I?' j&Kcw;ui'a-iiiivialthrough both houses of legislature arid received uy a womau, Lumpcuuve ' : ''and thought we had had a very enjoyable Whenthe Governor's signature. It ran thus ready been advertised for from the women ' time. Board architects of the country; three prizes of one of Appointment shall appropri. ever the Sister Hannah Harbour was then set apart ate money for the payment of salaries of police thousand, five hundred, and two hundred and as" Stake Secretary by Counselor T. H. Giles matrons, these matrons shall be appointed;" fifty dollars, respectively, being offered or the and President Hatch. Under this bill police matrons have Seen best three designs. We hope by thus calling at all Pres. "Browp felt that we had enjoyed appointed in Buffalo, Rochester and other tention to the work ot women in architecture to the and exhorted ourselves in meeting together towns in New York. But from that day to aid them to occupy atfield which naturally sisters to use their influence in getting others this the Board of Appointment of New York belongs to them, that of domestic architecture, for every man spoils many houses while he., is to attend conferences and other meetings of City has not appropriated the money. V the Society. A vote of thanks was tendered Two years ago, when the law was first past gradually being educated by the women for I went down to see the Mayor and Coniptroder whom he builds to know what is "required in a 10 Dlslcra uunaru auu riccc auu tuuicicutc home. then adjourned till the last Thurgday in Sep to urge this question upon them. They corresWe shall try to provide in this building for tember to meet at Midway. Singing "Praise ponded with the Police Department, and in a Benediction by Bishop N few days I received the following letter written all possible wants of women, having in view a '"tQ lhe man, etc." C.!Murdock. witn interpreters to them by the Police Department: "The Jbureau ot lniormation . for Sec. and no made for Police has Hannah Harbour, an Board of strangers.parlors and balconies guides request where ladies may rest and chat,an exhibitors, appropriation of salaries of police matrons, because, in the opinion of this Department the club room, a model kitchen, where demonstra- TRIMARY CONFERENCE. s appointment' of such matrons is" neither; 'Wise tion: lessons "may' b'efivMrVe'ope'' without nor expedient." charge, a loan exhibit of Colonial, Old Dutch, was held in the Stake House at Heber, May Last fall a bill was introduced by Geoge P. Scandinavian and other relics, recallinffthe 29. 1891. Stake President of the P. A., Ann .Roesc feariyiiisry,T(sf:6:ar couatry7anI' the various Murdoch presld ing J.hereTvWrejresentr that some good thing can come from a nationalities from which we are sprung, and President Hatch and several ot the prominent Tammany Democrat, and it will probabljre u res. urun uir aiso iuima retnren, jn L. Freeze ceive the votes wof theDeraocrats. As the taste of woman. One wing of the building and will possibly be devoted to showing the Reform "Sociely and'Sist other bills, have received the support of Reot a the number and of Salt Lake City, parents and Charitable Organizations originated and we have great reason to hope that of the children. Meeting was opened at 10:30 publicans, this will be passed by both branches of the carried pn by women, and the other to the a m. by singing "Trust the children- - &c." Legislature. We are just on the threshht)ld exhibit which will by sent by our AuxiliaryJohn Brother Horrocks, singing formed through the instrumenPrayer by of success, and here let me say th'at we do not Associations . . Iflif f inntca .,-.i lTw r.n.in r -- Mm " mean to find any fault with the policemen; tality ot our ioreign ministers in tne countries Conference read and accepted. Heber West, there are many noble and ' true hearts beating to which they are accredited, and bp means as wards were and and East reported Midway under their blue coats. We know that they of which we shall be enabled to indicate the ward3 other the favorable condition; being in are as kind as men can be in cases of distress, condition and attainments of women1 in every are going to be reorganized at once A very but it is that women who are in part of the, world. We shall also have an seemly only the interesting5 programme was rendered by after night should have Administration Room, Committee Rooms and our station-house- s night which after children of the wards represented, the protection of women there, in the saddest an Assembly Room for all JecturesV'cohgresses were remarks instructive many interesting and condition that women can reach that of be- - and assemblies which may be desired by women. - there wiltproDauly be -- In theraain .... o galleryjngJmmelessu Sisters HnroarAnrPZAnfl-ft-en110O- d are three classes, the special exhibits of the most brilliant achieveIn thesestation-house- s time was enjoyed by all those who participated homeless, the criminals, and the innocent ments of woman's hand and brain; these will in the exercises as well as those who were to be criminal, and all are ia the hands doubtless be,in many cases, duplicates of objects alleged the remembered by present; one long to be of men. However kind a man may be, you entered for competition in the general exhibit , the for children of Wasatch. Ever praying know it is not fitting. The policeman embodies under the regular classification, the duplicates Zion. of peace and prosperity should stand being, placed in our building to emphasize the force, and side by side with him in the ' Sister remain faith, I fact that they are the work of women. your a woman embodying mercy. I1 Hannah tern. Sec. pro Harbour, In reading a list of the organizations Since the delivery of the above address the bill providing for the appointment of police represented here, it occured to me that Twe matrons has been passed by the New York might obtain also a most unusual exhibit from WOMEN AS POLICE MATRONS. Legislature and received - the signature : of the Missionary Stations, in theinaccessible and ' Governor Hill. 7 ubfrequented parts of the earth, and I beg BY LILLIE DEVEREUX BLAKE. the ladies representing missionary societies to realize that they may aid both themselves and Delivered at Woman's National Council, us by shj)wingthejife and work of i women in ADDRESS. Washington, D.C for heathen countries. If a -- It is more than twenty years1 since my atteninstance, from a Zenanna could be brought MRS. BERTHA HONO RE PALMER. tion was first attracted to this subject. In 1870 with her native dress and surroundings, and I was appointed one of a committee of three At the yoman's Council, Wa?hington D. 0. the suffering and inhumanity to which she" is to go and see the Superintendent of Police,- of subjected shown, it would arouse such an Durincr the session in Chicago ot the Board New York, and try to get women appointed as interest in the subject as years of talk would of Lady Managers, of the World's Columbian police, matrons. We were received very politely Commission,, in November last, a talgram was not produce. The native wea?rng,-poiteryby him, but he insisted that there was no need ornaments, costumes,; household utensils, etc., ot sueh an innovation. We asked hirr if he received i'rom your Secretary inviting the ihnucrht V 6, fclt if : we- - i l ' 1 1 1 -- " 1 V ? 1 ug : . : - -- r lvt-u- c " . . . . -- - t ; - . , . -- child-wido- w, - - 