74 , WOMAN'S EXPONENT!. training and steadyperse-verancthat you' have, your points even in the arts and sciences that will enable you to stand in the van with any. To do this turn your attention to the education of your girls. Have as much pride in seeing them get their diplomas as you have lor your boys, drive those notions of confining the girls education to just what is required the day they start to learn;" remember the future day when they will have daughters of their own you know progression 13 nature and if you have these aims,, theirs will be in a more advanced degree and ere long the sun of your dreams will have Walton or the letter. Finally he announced: positively hh intention of going abroad soon, and requested the young to prepare their wardrobes, so as ladies' to be ready on short notice. The Dr. had givr n his permission, in fact had stated to Sir Jbdward that it wa3 the best thing for his health and spirits. Sir Edward sent .off to J .1. allit. arrange London ior nis solicitor, so that ments might be made without his having to leave tem porarily.the.. house, and the Iawy er was not long in answering the summons, for knowing of the recent illness of his Lordship, he naturally enough imagined that his afiairs should be looked into, while there waa oppor tunity. Mr. Burke (the family solicitor) knew more of Sir Edward's family than even Dr, Bland, and the three men were clo3etod together on several occasions, which caused some auxiety on the part of the household, especially the young ladies. Ihe upper servants gossiped considerably over the matter, and the housekeeper who assumed a great deal of granddaughter3"iltijer"j pre" rau8t fight a custoni that ha3 for its parents the bigotry of man's 'superior, strength, you must show by your excellence in what you are best qualified, which I will not attempt to- particularize.; It will take a generation perhap3 to prove that you are the best teacher ior me scnooi; it may tase generations to snow that you are the best qualified for type writing. It .will certainly take a long time for you o show by hard -- e nriseninrt'your-gTeat standing shoulder to shoulder with the men of the age, for the same labor receiving the same or better pay, they will be exercising their benign and refining influence on- all the pro gressive idea3 and customs of the age, bo eu ucate you r daughters in various channels of public life that if it does not qualify them it will their daughters, impress on their minds the finer instincts and aims of woman's rights do not try to teach them that they should be burly policemen or sit on a jury, that includes men with the fair prospects,, of remaining together days perhaps. Do not say it, is your right to sit Judge's bench and -- listen to all phases of immoral life. Let their these are be of all a aspirations higher nature, revolting to a young lady and will drive her from you instead of making a convert. First educate her in all the branches of life, the common , school, poli t ies; rel igfonrand '4fpos-- i sible science, art and music Then let her highest aim be her true position as a mother iet none be eeftdarrttf rage ideas when confined to woman's physical ability, then her mental if trained right will assume it3 true level as water does and ere long a race of. beings will people this earth that will be bound to recognize woman in her true position to man, he being utterly unable to dispense with woman in all phases of his life. Woman in her position -- X - v , a m on-th- . e iW - to man is so decidedly essential that were it possible to people the earth without her, that man would soon die off from sheer misery, and loneliness therefore for any one to say they are notjiis equal in everything but strength is preposterous, and the inference is only the result of custom from man's -- earliest- history This custom is what you must change and to do this will require ages, you must strike at the root of future generations. Educate your daughters to thi3 ultimatum. . D. P. Provo, Oct 28th, 1891. Felt. . IN RURAL ENGLAND. After the conversation between Sir Edward and Dr. Bland,Miss Con way's mind was more at ease,she felt that1 the Fesponsibility must here-- , after rest with the father, yet no understanding liad taken place between her cousin and herself, and she wondered whether her cousin had replied to the letter from Mr. Walton, and felt reluctant about making any inquiry or calling the matter in question. eW7daysasied and Sir Edward improved rapidly, he was more cheerful and talkative, though he never in any way referred -- gloomily she laid it down, stirred the fire in the grate, the very.. air seemed, oppressive, at her cousin, who sat sileutly musiurr it was growing dark, she rose and was about to draw down the blinds, when she perceived the shadow of a figure in the shrubbery, when she looked more closely it had disappeared; ' feeling sure some one was lurking near with a purpose Thrview, she left the library where her cousin was sitting so composed, and taking up a scarf that hung.in the . hall, and to young the-looke- d -- ' - 1 m . irapqrt-liuee7lK"- carelessly wrapping it around her, so as to her face a little, she stepped out into the open air and soon reached the old garden, where she felt sure some one wa3 in waiting. She was right, a woman came hastily forward evidently greatly agitated and without "attempting to conceal her emotion in a soft mellow voice and touching Miss Conway's arm inquired, "Are you Lady Anna Hilliard?"' "No, madam, I am her cousin!" replied the young lady, at the same time realizing she was most awkwardly situated and by her.'own "vol .' screen i-- w garden, and a hundred thoughts and evil premonitions crept into her mind momentarily. The stranger hesitated when she learned it was not the one she had supposed, and her silence -- was only broken by suppressed sob3. viou3 to Miss Conway's coming,repcated to that young woman some of the servants' gossip, one day when she was particularly loquacious,. and although the young lady did not think the information altogtlher. reliable, considering the source," and"feelingsure it had been "obtained by yet she felt there might be a spice of truth in it and therefore listened a thatseemed40H2ome from-h- er inmost- - heart f "AFlast she said tI an ground, but my errand here justifies the venture" I am the mother of Lady Anna's lover, and I must see her if: it be possible, you who refused my boy admittance, will surely not deny his mother, I implore you to aHow me to speak to her for a few minutes here and alone. My carriage waits outside the grounds of the Castle. I have stolen my way hither, must I ask in vain of youa" woman?'' All this seemed to come in a torrent of speech, and Miss Conway regretted more than before that she had precipitated thi3 unexpected-interviewshe did not dare to promise, she was afraid of the consequences, but some reply 'muitTemaHe immediately, and she answered with as much "eaves-droppin- g, few minutes to tthe housekeeper's version. Mrs. Hess in her most gracious menner said "The master would na go up to London to see after ht3 own business' for' fear Lady Anna might get to see that young feller- that came prowling around while hewas' away before he's after na good, I can tell ye Mis- s- Conway doubtless he's na better'n his father were, and he stole Sir Edward's sweetheart away, and all the time pietendin to be his best friend. Rich folk are na better'n poor ones.and not as 'onest Bomelitaes;r do've; know Mistfohway that ' lawyer from London i3 makin a new will out, and the oldHin As burnt, and .$h$J&&VHiv&. heir die in foreign part3a'nd he' vvahts things settled so's if Lady Anna marrie3 that feller he'll not et his money not a shillin." Miss Conway thinking Mrs. Hes3 had gone quite far enough into the secrets of the family coolly replied, "I cannot listen to gossip like this, excuse me, my uncle will be. wanting me.', The housekeeper was quite offended and muttered to herself, "gentle folk3 are all alike never want their affairs talked over, may be she thinks we don't know how poor she" was when her uncle took her in, and now she don't even want to be spoken toby a decent body like me, that's been in this house ten years an' more, and off she went to her own room to - , ; rale4ierselF-withte- assuranca3:he:eould . -- ; o'sick- - ness. Miss Conway could not help thinking over what the old lady had said notwithstanding her distaste for 'servants gossip," and she felt rather uneasy lest her cousin should be de frauded of her. rights, still she placed great vuuuucuwc iu ui. jjittuu s juugmcni ana ieltne wouia oe mterestea in navmg ail legal mat- - L, ters disposed" wisely. The same evening after this harangue of the housekeeper's, a most unexpected occurrence transpired, that garre Miss Conway's sensibilities' another shock. The day was a very cold one and the wind whistted aixd m tne old Wildings, and swayed and bent the great bare elm3 in the yard, as though in agony and gloomy forebodings settled down upon the mind of the Baronet's niece, she see-mc4- o ollect;rr"My:rousOT:-i3rr- v , - ef-her-unele's readihm she tried to throw off the feeling, took up a book to read, unfortunately the book contained old only legends that impressed her mom -- r not well; excitement would be dangerous for her, my uncle is aT home, and his consent would be necessary." The lady hesitated and finally said "I will even risk that if it can be done without the knowledge of any other per- ..... son. My presence here would be ruinous to all my son's hopes. I will wait until you return," '"and the lady shivered with nervous" tremor. She was wrapped in heavy furs, her long cloak came to her very feet, her face though sad was extremely lovely, and she had the peculiar fascination that in woman seldom fails to secure its object. ' While Miss Conway was absent she paced up aowu tne old, wild garden irer tnougnts Wlth the P?st no w strange that she snouia come Denamg ior iavor to mis piacu where for nearly thirty year3 she had been an utter stranger, and to him of.all others, who; had thrown her love away a3 though it had been a blight upon his life; the time seemed long to; this beautiful woman, yet it. wa3 only ' a few minutes. Poor cousin Jane seemed doomed to be a mediator nd messeriKerof evil tidings and on this occasion, strange, passing strange wa3 her message to her uncle; she did not stop to con sider the danger to herself, or to him; she thought only, how important must, be. the matter that would cause a lady of rank and station to come at night, alone, unbidden into the garden of her sworn enemy the very thought gave her courage; she hastened to the remojisekrmjeit4h8-do- f and in a .moment wa3 in his presence. Before., he could sneak, she hurriedlv explained her' errand, and was surprised when he said, "I myself, if she will come wilLseeLadyyalton ... m W a that she "al'ays kept by her in case T .,...., .....r.i I- --, rnl- - - 4WWIW " 