' J WOMAN'S EXPONENT. other's ideas must inevitably. I think, result in great goodand I loojcfor grand results to follow, the meeting oHhis Irrigation Congress in Utah. I think that Utah receives gret honor in being selected as the place for your deliberations. This question of irrigation is one, of course, that we have been deeply interested in from the beginning. I think that whatever any other section may claim in the way of priority in irrigation we can claim. that we are the first Anglo-Saxon- s who ever had recourse to this method of raising . crops. ; understanding of'Utah and her. people. No one in the world will yield with greater gratitude and satisfaction than myself to ' - --- - " - -- ' "" , a more familiar acquantanCithJJlai-and-her-people on the part of our neighbors. We welcome Nevada, California, Arizona, Kansas, ' Nebraska, Colorado and all the States and all our neighbors. If there is anything we can do to add to the n of your visit we shall do it gladly. I invoke the blessings of God upon your proceed-- , ' ings. satis-factio- 63 valuable hints, and suggestions and helpful information. We noticed particularly the"opinion' in reference to a Board of Directors or an Executive Committee; and we most heartily endorse-t- he views she has expressed on this subject. Miss Miller says, uThey are in law the Trustees of the Society, they are responsible for its deeds, they should therefore have power commensurate with the seriousness of their office." Again the selection of the members of this Board is more important than that of any, other of the officers. They should never be very young nor should.they alfbe'changed at once. Work would drag and blunders occur, if there were no old members knowing the routine to initiate the fresh of the Ex. Com. the author says, "It is not wise to have it composed of the club officers alone, for two reasons. First every active officer in a club that has Ijfe has enough to do to fill her - ": THE WOMAN'S STORE. There Is one point that I think of great importance, and I think it worthy the consideration Woman's Cooperative Mercantile Institu' of this body. We have refrained, I was going to tionTheestablished last January, has recently been say religiously, from forming large corporations moved to 63 E. First South Street, three doors to take possession of the water we have not west of the theatre.--Th- e location is much more been taxed for our water in Utah, but settlements desirable than the former one and the own. plate have combined together and by their own labor. have-takesometimes to deal officially with an o fficer, and the wateronra&dXvoTtnbliCTy custom to the establishment and success to the therefore to have a power above all other officers.' their labor, in forming dams and digging ditches The ladies keep on hand an exenterprise. The book contain much, that is useful in the ' to obtain the necessary supply for their acreage. cellent quality of goods, particularly in the line of matter of organizing, preparing a Constitution I think this is a very important feature in this laces and various Feathers, millinery. ribbons, the work is alto etc., in fact Territory. We have not had to pay for our water, kinds of hat in fact a full line of trimmings, of its kind, gether the most complete poor men could take land and could obtain water direct from one of the .leading millinery goods, the uses and heeds and good results to showing by their own labor. houses in Chicago. A bright young lady exbe obtained from women Another featured our system has been that we cooperating together in-- a in the business and formerly employed perienced have had small holdings. When we settled this way that reaches all ajupMas well as harin the fashionable store of Madame Button has monizes those elements in society and in home city the lots were divided out; each lot was an: of this department of work. charge life t h at are ot h erwis e left to i ud i vid ua I c u ti va acre and a q uarterThe lo ts wer e lai d ou t i a s uch is, under the supervision of a department making tion or restraint and by ..mutual eflort and sym- a way that "the front of one lot faced the side of in had woman who has young great experience -- another.- It was pathy much "greater benefit to all must necessarily designed to be a city of villas this direction and is thoroughly competent to un follow. and to have plenty of room. You see the breadth dertake the most stylish and fashionable work. The price of the book is $1,00 and it is well of our streets and the amplitude of our lots; this The Children's Book by Augusta Joyce Croche- worth the money. was the original design. Then, next to our city a is also for sale at this plac ron, tier of five acre lots was laid out, then a tier of JThis store keeps on hand Ladies' Equipoise ren acre lots, then a tier of twenty acre lots-Th- ere Waists and Jenness Miller's Underwear. All R. S., Y. L. M. I. A., AND P. A.. were no lots laid out of a larger extent than sorts of wax flower materials and Ladies Fancy REPORTS. twenty acres. That there might be perfect fair- - and, Furnishing no lion s, Stampi og ami rvk i &g; :Knessfwercast'lot Buttons covered and Feathers cleaned etc. Burial P. A. 8T. JOHN a. expected to want five acres; those who were in a suits kept on hand or made to order if preferred. Conference of the St. John's Stake better condition it was thought would require ten There is still sprr Capitalock to jQMsposeof - cobPrimary verjed at Str J oh '5,-- J 89 1 . There Sept. Jicres while, t and ladies are invi to take shares and cowere in attendance of the Stake Presidency mutual benefit for operate Pres. E, B. Coleman, Coun. Anna Mohr, and If we "would succeed in any home enterprise Sec. Nancy L. Noble. After the openiug exerWe have kept from monopolizing the land and we should give it our patronage and seek to cises the Central Board, Stako, and Local been willing to have it distributed in small in them of interest and our friends secure that Officers were uuanimou-dsustained by the ings, so that every man might have a foothold. I Woman's The cause. the Conference. I After several Cooperative recitations good believe that do not overstate the truth when I by the in fits an and fills Store Pres. Coleman chiladmirably the important place children, encouraged say that in.no part of these United States is there with the organizations of women that are so per. dren to tell the truth, be kind, and honor a population containing so many people living on their own lands and owning their own houses as in feet and complete with us as a people. It is an their parents. Exhorted the parents to look4 s to the training of their boys, as a great deal undertaking that should meet with the hearty Utah Territory. of our future hope depends upon them. Coun. support of women who are looking to home Anna Mohr, Sister Clara Neilson, David home industries that will give suitable In 1853, or. thereabouts there was. scarcely Rencher, Wra. Gibbons, and Pres. David K. employment to those who possess ingenuity and Udall made interesting remarks. Reports of skill of various kinds. enough w'ater tn City creek to water the gardens -the 'various Primaries weferead. Singing, of S al t Lake Ci ty, and i t" was thought then thar neneaicuon oy ister uiyiiingnamv we had reached the utmost Jimkoflouf r supply Nancy L. Noble, P. A. Stake Sec. But it is a fact that our water has increased in THE WOMAN'S CLUB. almost every stream throughout all these moun' ".' BEAVER. ' tains. The Woman's Club is the title of a new book I believe there is a kind Providence that just recently, issued by the United "States Book Editor Exponent: New watches over man, that wherever man goes ProCompany successors to John W. Lovell, At the lasi quarterly Conference of this n vidence is there to aid him in his efforts. LegisYork City Olive Thome Miller the Stake Apostle Lyman united; the two wards and popular writer andi whose famous books of Beaver latures and others who do not particularly City into one. This necessitated a about birds etc., have given her a world-widin divine interposition may attribute this t change in the organization which had been natural causes, that is, to the presence of reputation is the author ofJtbis new woik, which livid ed In agen eraLia eetingiofah e - siste s he has d edi cated in th e preface to th e "Worn e n for this purpose by Bishop Mumford,tbe the title of America," and has, designated upon to the presence of railroads, the rails running two branches of the R. S. of Beaver ward were book." The hand and Whatconsolidated and Sister Ruth Tyler suspage, "a practical guide through some to the increase of trees. inall to itself commends ever the cause may be, it is undoubtedly, the fact book upon perusal tained as President with M. A. White arict or work club in that man himself, his presence, the very fact that terested thorough organization, Jane Bickley a3 Counselors, and Alice M. J. he is here and cultivates the ground, brings "to. anoeachermahyjmportant things pertaining to him and to those associated with him increased, practical and effective systematic work. The The last quarterly conference of the Relief contents are well arranged in chapters touching Society held Sep. 4th, was a very enjoyable blessings." We have proved it in this country. Gentlemen, I trust that harmony wi If upon various subjects in detail, and giving ideas one although but few attended. 1 he revwere present of the brethren C. D. your proceedings. I have no doubt it will. so clearlv. that onennjLjersii iVhite. Pres. of Beaver Stake. Geo. Mumford I am profoundly thankful 'myself that such a con would be able to comprehend readily how to or course of intelligent ""men from many States, and ganize and carry on the work of a club without Bishop ot Beaver ward, and Patriarch Daniel ... .:r Territories is here, We want Utah to be kno wn. difficulty, and even to those familiar with practi-Tyler. , : Our Stake President, Sister. Lucinda How d I believe that the gathering of this assemblage cajl organization of associations it gives many ones-Speakin- announce-.mentjmode.toia- he wtJl,-Seco- g n n by-la- The-dres- . ws s- 1 . -- , ; -- ; ( . ' y . 4tP ; j " .: well-know- be-liev- e e rr rs-call- :: ed -- 