VV sexes and that is what people of advanced views upon reforms are working to bring about. (MAN'S tiXPONEN'i. 29 a great mam'" Speaking of him in the following terms. ''He was; and when the world sees him as he was ; when the" clouds of falsehood condensed above the quagmires of hate have been scattered by the sun of truth and the world is permitted for the first time to see the man, 'it too will declare that Brigham 'oung was a great man! From 1847 to 1S70, through trials that would have left an average man defeated and broken before he had fairly entered upon them, he was a William of Orange, a Cromwell, and to his own people, T ... Sister Olivia "WiderboriP Society of Box Elder Stake, in company with the Presidency of the Stake, has re. cently visited Snovville, Park Valley, and Grouse Cretk, at each of which places district conferences were held lasting two days. Presi-- . dent Widorberg was invited to speak at each of JJthcplacesjnCQn n ection. with the brethren sh e enjoyed herself very much and was given the ut- most liberty and treated with the utmost cordiality" Washington. by the brethren traveling.: These districts are so enemies have never wearied of pointing to far removed from the centre of the Stake where the great walls he had built in Salt Lake as evithe " quarterly conferences are held that it dence that he was preparing to defy the governis impracticable for the people to attend, therement. Those walls would-bno obstacle to an fore the necessity for these district conferences army,- - and they were built irr the years "when thousands of poor Mormons weft coming into the The Secretaries of the Relief Society in the without means of subsistence. Brigham Salt Lake Stake are earnestly requested to send country was opposed to feeding PuperSjjind t m reports torrectly prepared to the way forwisF'BiarrtyfTie kept hundreds of poor Secretary "oflHe" Relief Society of the Stake, men at work building cobblestone walls, that he Elizabeth Howard, No. 58 E. 4th South St. Salt ' might support them by the chuf clr fundsr Well Lake City. Mrs. M. Isabella Horne has visited it would be if all charity were as wisely bsstowed. in R. this the S. take every during nearly past He. made men industrious, and filled Utah: with few months. In nearly every branch visited- the the importance of sisters are energetic and, persevering, desirous of thriving farmers, by teaching industry. performing every duty, and anxious lb make In the stormy days of that infamous 'war" he . spiritual improvement, as well as to take care of was a king among men ''ayie.every inch akingl' the needy arid the sick. These visits of Pres. He was the invincible protector of a people who, Home and her Counselors and aids will be benehad done no wrong; who had been guilty of no ficial in promoting harmony, unity and love, and crime save that of holding a faith that was rein encouraging all to press forward and be more pudiated by crystalized and corrupt theology. and more diligent and faithful. , Such kings as he , , the-Relief -- His . semi-annu- al - - t - ' 4 (non-Mormo- 3r n) 48470 i&7&rtthmWtTmj Jjije&iah heard two of his famous lectures in previously the Theatre in this City; The little book seems iQj?e,jLerjo and circumstances - . n e, AGAIN He found Utah a desert; he made it a garden. From the despotisms of social life in other lands he took tens o f tii p u s a u4 s people, unto w horn li fe offered nothing, for whom a Christianity of caste had nothing hut stones and scorpions, and made thern prosperous, COMFORTED. Is itnothumiliatingto.be ruled over by those who hate us ? but since the Lord will have a fried people He will help us bear our trials, if we will put our trust in Him; for He has said, such shall. never be confounded. He also says those whom He loves He chastens. Remember it is in love and not in anger, that wehave this chhsUsement todav. We ' "Repress the bold, And while they flourish, make an age of gold." CHARLES ELLIS' PAMPHLET. We have only recently scanned the pages of the en- rjamphlet by "Charles Ellis" baby boy were "buried in one coffin. By permission from the manager of the German plantation, tne brow Qfa hill about -- 200 ej3Hicd the S. E. from the mission house. They were yards buried in a drjelevated place, so that when Brother Merrill's mission is ended he can take the bodies home with him. We received the sympathy of our white friends here and also many offers of assistance. We can say all that is good about our dear departed sister. She was good arr(f pure,liad a great desire to fulfill her mission and do all the good in her power." - It is always sad to record the death of the young but this is specially sad because of the circumstances, her absence from home, in a Jand, so far remote, and while filling a (Woand noble mission, makes it painful to all grand concerned. We remember this young woman when a child in the Primary Association. May our Heavenly Father comfort her lvuslwndand all thosdio-mour''tier'eaTIyeTiaVture.. "Katie Eliza Hale Merrill was horn in Grants-villTooele Co., Utah, Dec. io,'iS7iand was the daughter of Alma H. and Sarah A. Clark Hale. She left home with her husband Eider Joseph Harris Merrill, of Smilhfield, last February and had been an active worker in Sunday School and Yi L. M. I. A, She is the first sisterwho Jias xlied while on a mission.- -r , -- knowtisinaveWhm how lovely and pleasant has been this summer when every prospect last winter was drouth, as it 2VM.-- haJetwo uiai nau never ueen ury oeiore. But what do we see, lovely clouds floating in and also mentioned of treatment the period they the horizon with cool and refreshing showers received during that time from the government continually, until all nature is looking luxuriant officials and the mobs etc. and prosperous, yes vegetation and fruit are both Mr. Ellis' description of what we term the excellent this season. is adin and famine, graphic, quite grasshopper I also notice that Judge Zane's remarks before dition to what he has told there, thousands of the Republican party were sound and good. I other similar facts might be given to the world, am told he is an infidel, yet he is an honest man, and miny hundreds of the saints are still, living we can see in those remarks.- - He has chastised in witnesses of these truths. When we recall circumseverity at times, bttt I can forgive him since he is stances which came under our5 own observation, .true to his convictions of right, and maintains the tears will start in despite of every effort to those principles he holds to be right: and is hinder their .falling Remtmbeiing the hardanxious that good laws should be observed and ships and privations of: those early ryearsTin theX kept, pur Father in heaven will require the alley-ancfthe exodusffomraiivooThe writer same?in H is kingdom whefi ir shalFbe sel up "on ca irrD e ver 1 is t ento smu rrnti r mgsr or rcio mplain tls OF SISTER" MERRILL. DFATH the earth; for we realize this is a preparatory w ithout alluding to the past. It seems as though work to that great event. must weep over the famine the hardest-hearteExtract from Elder Wm. 0. Lee's letter dated I think our rulers are a little too fast in making ' Is it any wonder in view Fagalii, SamoaMuly 15, 1891. land. bread in the however. , wish them to be improvements They of these things that mothers shouldlbe anxious "We have verv bad news to reDort thfo m nn Il.1m&-r , . t eujjci iui iu urns , accordingly nurry up matters. to store up grain against another such fearful anu our ueans hhcu wim sympamy ior an J for instance my sister's family, last year rut time? Mothers whose children have cried for those who will be afTectedxby the same. In re down a new side walk, it cost 96 dollars. This bread when there was none to give them, are very porting Sister Merrill's condition last month we season a notice came to have another of a different billious likely to impress this solemn fact upon their thought she ws recoven kind, put in its place NfoorL-oahe-sons. This book u!d little their not if ck LBlta daughters he"Ia notk,eepny jt ndco those who " Mor written by onirwh d stoma ch . - As a resul t sh e becam e ve f an own must the yeak pay expense,and the taxes mon faith but only looks at the matter honestly a premature birth was the consequencerhis to help in happened on the 2Sth ot June. The child died reasonable, as and they are sometimes ; and again removing prejudice against this people, who are next day. An hour after the death of the child they are more austere and severe, .. to Lee and maintain secure her Sister the called to ta mother bedside and govgood struggling It seems to me that this "liberal" party; show ernment and equal rights to all parties, Mormon, after thanking her for waiting on her during her more venom and bitterness than ahy otherT7 Well Jew or Gentile who settle within the Territory. sickness, said that she was "going to die;" that let us search ourselvesand see if we need such The compliment he has paid to Brigham Young she "could not stay" because 'they had come for; severity to make us true Latter-da- y Saints. We is every word of it true and, much more might be her." She then talked with her husband, kissed have the promise "if ye will live Godly in Christ him goodbye, and all was over. The sad event Jesus said; even the outside world are beginning to acye'shali suffer persecution." The Lord canknowledge the greatness and magnanimity of the has left a cloud of sorrow behinc! that nothing but not make saints of a proud people. Let .us recharacter of this departed leader. Mr. Ellis says time and the Spirit of God can dispel. The flect, and study our own hearts, thoroughly is the as others do quoting their words, 'Brigbam was funeral was held the next day. The mother and desire of M. E. K. your aged friend. -- of this people during fhe: , He lived and died a lover of the Constitution of his native land, and left behind him a great, strong, united people, who, when the ambitions Catholic priesthood and the intriguing combination of protectant priesthoods have' clutched the Constitution of our country to destroy it - and banish freedom from the land, will be among the foremost to spring to the rescue and drive back the vandal hosts of tyrranny !, For all4 these reasons, I say Bpfgham Young never was, the Mor- mon people never were, ace not now, and I have I faith that they never will be, disloyal to the Con stitution and the flax. -- . . -T- -- d A ! . - 1 " , MPJtptit. r- y Jooer " ' -- 