WOMAN'S AN ACROSTIC. n: mat . . ..- EXPONENT, 171 ... - which" .enlightens the mind and mountain, showing Him all the kingdoms of enlivens the Soul: and gives that and-tlR and Knifl of I.N MEMORY OF DAN'IFL otdnrv rtwnpfi nf t thn wnrld J " thpm H. WELLS. mind which the world can neither give or take these things I will give unto thee if thon wilt from us. Did not the Apostle gay "ye are fall down and worship me." Devout and conscientious from his youth. of the temples Without any contention Jesus only replies living God, when His spirit A fearless patron of the "Cause of Truth." dwells in you. , "Get thee hence Satan: for it is written Thou No dread of opposition swayed his mind, This spirit was promised to be given to those shalt worship the Lord'thy God,aud Him alone In all conditions uniformly kind; ffno observe, to laws the keep given by Jesus shalt thou serve. Mat. 4 chap. 8, 9, and 10 Knlisting in the hour when cowards flee, the Savior of the world. What does Moroni verses. Can Led by his love of right and liberty. anyone doubt, that those who Say upon ,thh subject? (Section 7 verse 4) will measure themselves by the pattern that The How truly great, how wise, and Moron i "The Lord prepareth Jesus gave the human family to live by, and Angel says, good was he, All learned to love who shared his the men that have faith way in Christ live in accordance to it, will be tested every may company; No one could fail his virtues to admire, and the Holy Ghost may hav place in their whit as Jesus was. Yes.like gold tried by the ' ' More generous oft than prudence would require; hearts according to'" the power thereof. And fire. Exemplifying what he sought to teach, Cbrigt saith if ye will have faith in me, ye Accordingly wo need those gifts and graces Revered was he py aJl who heard his speech. ' shall have power to do whatsoever thing is that the ancient Apostles had; that our iri me. he And hath said expedient nraver mav be offered in an acceptable manner? When falsehood's minions vex the saints no more. i all -- ye end3 of the earth, and come untorepent" mo, for the Apostle says the effectual, fervent Eternal Truth prevails from shore to shore. aud be in that baptized my name, Like Abram's blessings, his shall never cease, ye may prayer of a righteous man availeth much. have ' faith in me be that saved. We have known this to be true and shall we ye may Like stars above, or atoms by the sea Moroni "Now beloved brethren . says doubt r my . if it now? AhaILk? the heirs of him whose name. yousee this be the cae that ..these -- things are true" - - We of fgoverh" . WrC. which I have spoken unto you God wfll show ment. nccdtt)"prayorthe"heads Look at the precarious times awaiting unto you with power and great glory at the us to day. Italy is insulted and offended. last dav trne: are that and hn if thev tniR THE , DIFFERENCE The working men have an uprising:. The v the day of miracles ceased? or have angels. Indians also.another uprising. What will ceaseu to appear unto me cnuaren oi men Grandmother doted, when she was a girl, be the result of all this, and where shall we or has He, withheld the Holy Ghost from them go for wisdom but to the fountain ofn and h and and pearl, light or will He so long as lime shall last, or the and intelligence? Was taught in her teens by her own careful mother earth shall stand, or there shall be one man ... St. Paul says, in Corinthians 12 chap 4 verse To make the fine shirts for her father and brother. ' r Blithely she sung over distaff and reel, "There are diversities of gifts but the eame spirit. upon the face thereof to be saved." r And merrily tripped back and forth at her wheel. "Behold I say unto you, nay; for it is by There are differences of administration, but faith that miraelesare wrought; and it is by the same Lord. And there are diversities of Grandmother's granddaughter runs a machine, iaitn tnat angels appear ana minister unto men; operations but it is the same God which worketh Paints like a Titian on panel and screen, wherefore if these things have ceased, wo be all and in all." He then speaks of eight gifts. Runs over to Paris to . . , buy a new dress, .i T, to the children of men, for it is because of Jbor Dy the same spirit. And lectures and docters and writes for the " by one given press. is vain." and all unbelief, Little she knows about distaff and reel, spirit are we all baptized into one body, and be saved "No man can to the the foot shall not say, because I am - not the according But dotesoh so fonlly on grandmother's wheel: words of Christ save they shall have faith in hand I am not the body, or shall the ear say She decks every spoke witr His name; wherefore if these things have because I am not the eye I am not of the body. And then sets it up in the parlor to show. ceased, then has faith ceased also and awful is Is it not of the body? The eye cannot say to Patient and firm through her the state of man: for they are as if there had the hand I h youth and her prime, W ith been no redemption made." . precept on precept and line upon line, head to the feet I have no need of you. Now Her hands full of work and her head full of cares. 'But behold my beloved brethren I judge ye are the body of Christ and members in Grandmother managed abetter things of you: for,-- judge ye have bette particukr27rserwAndGDd ' "Tier closets and presses by prudent forethoueht .faith in Christ because of your meekness; for the Church first apostles secondarily prophets, Filled with the work by her deft fingers wrought.. ifye have not faith in Hira then ye are not thirdly teachers; after that miracles, then She married her husband for better or worse 1 fit to be numbered among the people of His gifts of healing, helps, governments, diversities And in her whole life never --- - 7 . thought of divorce. church." of tongues. . T " ; Will these words apply unto us? are we He then asks "are all apostles? are all From club to committee, from concert to play, meek and. humble? or do every day affairs : prophets? are all teachers? are alLworkers of Grandmother's granddaughter hurries away. To her church and her charities, culture and occupy all our time. Well every day affairs' miricles? have all the gifts of healing? do all art, must and will occupy our time: but with an speak in tongues? do all interpret? But covet She gives much of her time and a deal of her heart. Her world is so busy, her work is so wide,; eye single to the glory of God we shall have the best gifts and yet I.shawjUQto you a more She can spare time" and excellent way." He. then speaks of charity ; as greater light, is the. Savior's promise and per thought for but Utile beside, Nor pauses to think in the form our duty acceptable. Ave cannot afford the greatest gift of all; he also says "these gifts hurry and strife ,. , Of the peace and contentment of to grieve His. Holy spirit and cause it to are for the work of the ministry, the edifying grandmother's life. " all come into the ClCILY CORWIN, in Hearth and Hall. depart from us. We must seek that we may of the body of Christ, until . ' find; and in the first place seek to know what unity of the faith." How can we come into the unity of 'the we arein "the sight of uod our fathefrriorHe THE GIFTS OF TH E GOSPEL. :saith Mat. 7 chap. lot ver. "JNot every one faith only in the" straight and narrow path marked out and followed himself. that5aith unto me Lord rLord-shaHoteinto that-JesNot . long since I was told by a person of theKiugdom of heaven; bu t he that doeth the He also says ' 'Take my yoke . upon you and 2znd learn of me for my yoke is easy and my my acquaintance that the gifts of the Gospel will of my Father which is in heaven. d?d not will in unto me burthen is light" With this Spirit the say prevail in this Church to day as they verse, also says "Many did years ago, I listened with astonishment. we not that day, Lord, Lord have Holy Ghost it is easy and the burthen ii prophesied :Iight. Without" it we fihd dal-k- ancl con-- " ilBoyou jly nk rinTthyinamend" mistaken; and I hoe so at leas t. wonderful works?" 23 verse "And then I will fused mind3, and a dreary and cold world, are humiliated by the human famifymany profess unto them I never knew you; depart when destitute of that loving spirit of truth times. But may God forbid that-w- fc the Holy Ghost. May we never consent to should from me ye that work iniquity." we the of lose the gifts When we grieve the Holy spirit that has blest us to the gospel, grieve this" Spirit or cause it to leave us "to full capacity of our faith inour Heavenly may know of a truth that we have grieved ourselves while we stay upon this earth, Father. 31. E. Kimball. the Holy Ghost which was given us after Bid He ever leave tls when we went with baptism by the laying on of hahd3. The most relying confide'nceto Him for His aid and ; precious gift of all; because we need the light Chief Juctice Green, sitting : as District and intelligence it so freely imparts to all who assistance, m any trouble whatever? No never. ' Io this I pan: testify and 80 cari :many " otliers in ""sincerity have faith in Jesus and Judge at Guthrie, Oklahoma, ha3 rendered a decision that are living to day, besides those who have teachings. that women are eligible to public Miss Cora E. Diehl wa3 elected office, gone home to rest in heaven. We need it when we offer up our prayep, v,--- ' I would here add. We can afford to lose that we may ask not amiss, but ask for those register of deeds, but the former register re, wealth and our good name in the world when thing3 most expedient for our good and this fused to surrender the office, on., the, ground we, know that we do not deserve to lose it; great preparatory work of meeting the Lord of that a woman was not eligible. The iude held that Miss Diehl was entitled to the office ?nce humility makes us acceptable to God. heaven; yes and of earth also. bemft-oftb- e. Yetthere is another who claims the earth and, further tnat a woman mav.in the absence 4 u tJwecannot affbrdto-4o&e-- 1 gut m , r ' . - h hem-stitc- h - , -- -- back-stitc- . - cross-stitc- - w - .- htouoldjiff. ! -- . - : ' . , -- " us r7 . ' I " ' -- 1 . -- come and bring all things' to our remembrance. took J esus up into an, exceeuing nign 1 10 ner sex. any office not incompatible 