Iff AT WA V JX INI - POIEW A- V . 1YJL . I (J 1 The Rights of; the Women of Ziont and the Rights of the Women of all Xaiions. - Vol. 19. - SALT LAKE CITY, UFA II, JANUARY 15, 1801. CONTENTS. " The Empire of Womeri N. Y: Sun Isabella V Elizabeth Claim Upon Ihc Women of To-da- y The Pilgrims in Holland, Porter Gould. HaTpcrs Weekly. The Indian Question. Ex A Woman's' Opinion More "Miscellaneous. - Anon. . Old Fashioned Party 22nd Ward, Adelaide Ridges, Sec. Notes and News. Salt -- Lake Co. W. S. A. C. C, Raleigh, Sec. R. S. Davis. HuntReports Snowflake Wasatch ington Primary Fair. Convention Notes. Cmldrenr iiurTOKiAL-r--Mormoff- - 'New birth to womenK once no right had she To choose her place: . . W.- - I f naa sne save as man s courtesy iui pwee tid grant her grace. Ladies' General Meeting. Abbott. News From Huntsvillc. A Thoughts. ' Surprise. j, Poetry: Only Watt Maltie Dyer The New Message, May Riley Smith. Frcm Home, E. T. Consolation, M. F. Home Gentle " Britts Hayes. "ONLY WAIT! "O woman! fitly robed at last, and crowned Uith digni y; Walking willi lifted head your chosen rounds, zztt&J "The barbarous tradi'ions of the past Loosed from your feet; Life's richest goblet held to you at last, Brimming and sweet; "Forget not those for whom too late, alas! Dawn flushed the sky, And to their spirits drain a silent glass; Of such am I. "Hark to the Christmas bells! "Good will toward men, Peace on the earth 1' When the spirit, w orn and weary With life's daily load of care, Finis the pathway long and dreary, And the burden hard to bear Tired of hoping, faint with fearing, Sighs to rest at heaven a gate Then in tones sweet, soft, yet cheering, Patience whispers; "Only wait!" For a brighter day is dawning! Sunlight beameth with the morning-Glad- ness corneth with the morning Only wait! And unto women!' chime they forth again 'Xew birth! New birth!' ' j '.' If ghosts of women dead a century Steal back to earth, Then this same hour one came and talked to me Beside my hearth. ' ,i formers of youthful parts are womeiwho look back on thsir own youth; and thereby they show that age has not diminished their power thescntiment of mcu7but"has to-iuflu- . - News eneo May Riley Smith, In the other professions women, like men, must look on youth as a, mere period of apprenticeship. They must wait for the wisdom and the skill which only experience can bring; and if they have them to the same degrco 83 men with whom they compcle, they will be as Ittnsr heltr them successful. Youtli-will:n-... ot in " that contest, and age alone will not drive them from it. Neither docs youth have the advantago in tho matrimonial competition which Mrs. Allen pretends to assume. Widows of mature years may be the most dangerous rivals of young maidens; and there is abundant proof in these days that divorced women aro not incapable of despotic sway over the hearts of men even after they have got well beyond the beauty of mere youth; ; There i3 no bound to the empire of women, except as they set it themselves. jV. Y Sun, ' Jan. 8,1891. TO-DA- Wait and hope! If life distress us, Joys will be more sweet above, Where the light of love shall bless us, Love is heaven, and heaven is love! Courage, then 1 II is hand will guide us Gently to that 'goIden gate' Wher e no ill can e'er betide us, Blest forever only wait; Even now the day is dawning; With the sunlight breaks the morning Lovely light of heaven's rnorniogt On!y wait! Only wait! 7 7 Mattie Dyer Britts, hi Ledger. -- THE NEW MESSAGE. Y Perhaps no Queen in the world's history has mpreclaim : variou? phases of her existence than Queen THE EMPIRE OF WOMEN. Isabella of Spain. In the first place, she ap peals to wives and . mothers; for, through the At the Sorosis luncheon on Monday after- thirty-fiv- e years of her married life, in which noon, Mrs. E. A Allen contended with she had one son and four daughters, she fully much bitterness that "a woman's empire is ambitions and J?l?cc4k?Jpy8i2.C4re? tlT." "and that" "the bound" sorrows of a true wife and mother. In all "bounded by her you . . t t is set oy me ncKie iancy orf man. As soon as this, in an age when immorality abounded in a woman's youthful beauty fades, said Mrs. i the land, to . Preseott. . waa which, . . ' . . ' according " loses her chance in she Allen, business, her prouaoiy ine oniy one in nristenaom wnere and her the on place in social concubinage was ever sanctioned by law, not stage, popularity a cloud shadows her virtue. life, simply because men are no longer interested in her. Iu the second place, her relation to scholarly That was a very remarkable way of talking women and to the intellectual development of to such a company as Mrs. Allen addressed. Spain during her thirty year's reign, allies her is Sorosis, as we understand it, made up chiefly to the educated or- - literary women of the day. Her. instructor in the Latin language - waa a of jwomen who areengaged in various fteliviusual u n in distinction won have ties, them, lady named Beatriz de Qalindo, sometimes and most of whom have passed beyond the called La Latina- .- Prescott says that it was 1 Wait! . ISABELLA'S CLAIM UPON THE WOMEN OF to-da- Oh, sad hearts, whose soundless sorrow Dares not let a murmur fall, Only wait, and trust the morrow; God's great heart beats over all. Only wait, oh, wounded spirit, By IiTeTs"heavy cross weighed down; Thou shalt surely heaven inherit Bear the cross, and win the crown, Win and bear it at the dawning, In the beauty of the morning . In the glory of the morning-O- nly Ko. 15. ffiUij rather increased it Sometimes by, beauty, 'trick, or accident, Grim fate she crossed; Hut when from hef obedience she unbent, Her power was lost. Emnra- - fcr- - t 1 1 y A -- L .first flush- - of youthJoesanyOTone4ibem believe that she lias reached the bound of her empire and has lost her power to sway the hearts of men1? cDoes Mrs. Allen beleive it of .daeia.p&ct-t(hQusaftud7-a- 3 her personal attendance on the academic examinations. that the women of Spain, a3 in no other country of which he was herself? aware, took part in the public exercises of the which h life of women at a ve -The - period gy mn as i u m -- and deh vered -- ieetu resirom"t n e chairs of the universities. Dona Lucia dc always exercised the most influence in society, and over men more especially, come3 after Medrano publicly lectured on the Latin clas- their youth has gone by andtheir beauty has sics i n t ne u n i versi ties - ot - balaman ca;: and of their minds another, Dona Francisca de Lebrija, daughter developed with women are the rulers of the historian of that name; filled the chair and character. Such in civiliztd fashion Alcala. This university at of society and every capital of rhetorie-- at who thote and famous are must from having executed the of the world; Alcala, younger be their mere followerswaiting until the ex"most stupendous literary enterprise of that perience and the attractions of greater,matur-lt- y age,7 ine roiyglot version ot the fecriptursv shall enable them also to enter upon tho wa3 founded and sustained by the Queens : 7 exercise of that aulhorilr. right hand man, Cardinal Ximines. well, as by -- the-developm- If ghosts of women dead a century Steal back to earth, Then verily one talked to me 7 :7 Upon my hearth. to-nig- ht ,b. And the pathetic minor of her tones, Liquid with tears. Was like a plaintive murmur from far zsms , And distant years. ''Think notThat I am come to you," she said, "This hallowed night To gossip of the secrets of the drad ' Or tvll thrir plight. "I could not sleep; for lot the Christ mas- - bell ' A' new tune rangf'New birth to women!' loud the paean swelb ' ' ,'"Tfj',itbmiccKng.. ... LJseairiai)UheikamaticsUgeaml-- also in the various professions into which wTomen have entered. Kearly all the actresses moment are women .of distinction at the present . t r who are no longC'r youtniui, except in tneir hearts, and the girls of the stage cannot hope to compete with tbem except by ctudy and by the knowledge which comes from greater ex. m enee tn ly. K ? n-- h mosi u ttcessf u 1 jer. - 1 i Jiesides-endowingnTcntrirToledcrwit- a library consisting principally of manuscripts, isaneua encouraged the then new art of printing by haviu some works of her subjects printed at her" own expense, and by granting privilf ges to tho3e engaged in the art. While interested in the education of her-ochilthe did not forget the young nobilitv. dren, wn tier ' 