EXPONENT. WOMAN'S 182, are worjd's great stage, and all the opera-glasseleveled'at her to see just how she fills her part. Happier ;days are ahead, when she will have be- conve a "specimen" duly analyzed and classified, so that humanity can turn its attention to other parts of the great field. When good William Blackstone recently convened in Clark street M. E. church, Chicago, a group of D. D.'s and Jewish Rabbis, and several of the latter decried Christianity as thoroughly as ever Robert G. Ingersoll was Ielt to do, it was passea over uecause Mr. Blackstone belongs to the classified" is everywhere . sex, the center of whose "sphere" and its circumference nowhere." After much more careful and comprehensive reasoning the fourth paragraph of her reply winds up the matter thusly, - Fourth It is claimed that there was" disturbance in the meetings. This is not true.- - The utmost H nnUf KjvMiyfifml i i o r ' im4 rnrnm nriaIIi"L.f sessions and over eighty addresses, save on one evening when Mrs. Mary Lease, of Kansas, a gifted and most earnest, woman, "the prophet of an evil time. as Mary Lathrop aptly termed her, spoke on political conditions in her state. She had already addressed the Council briefly once, to excellent, acceptance, but on her second apJ . J. Ingalls "a pearance she called consummate hypocrite," whereupon Republicans present nisseu, anq miss vunara s gavei ieu determined to do better in the future than in the past. Meeting adjourned for two weeks, s fhl-"iiy?- Tf -- ex-Senat- or with clear-cu- t emphasis, asshesaid, "There must be no personalities either on or off the platform." Mrs. Lease also said that "evil-doer- s would be turned into hell," wherein she claimed to have Scripture on her side "Thus much for the Council, which was the largest, most representative and gathering of women the world has thus far seen, and whose spirit was one of so much mutual consideration and good will; indeed, was so full ui genuine spiritual power ana lenaerness mat from first to last, among one hundred delegates from sixty totally distinct societies, there was not an unkind hut - tfi ennw fh tmir in pieasaniry aiter cnoosing tneir omcers, was the akeynote:io their of&ciaLconclusions 1 most-influent- ial closed by singing, tLorcl dismiss us , with thy blessing," benediction by Bishop Wm. Meeks. Sarah G. Meeks, Pres. Betsey S. Goodwin, ec. W. S. A. REPORTS. JEYIER,UTAIICa .Editor Erponent: The W. S. A. of Sevier County held their annual meeting in Richfield, May 2nd 1891, when the following officers were elected; Pres. Celia E. Beau; First Vice Pres. Annie Lauritzen; Second Vice Pres. Eva M. Borg- quist; Secretary and I reasurer, i?iora u, .Bean; Cor. Sec'y. Alice A. Hatch. Executive Com- mittee,MAggreuardDer, Unairman;nannah Baker, Ella Thurber, Sarah Holman, Annies 0 Morrison; with fifteen members enrolled. the meeting, After executing the business-o"the President, Flora D. Bean favored the meeting with an organ solo, entitled "Fire Bell March. This wa9 followed by a debate, the subject being, Resolved that woman: should have the fran chise.- Affirmed by Annie C. Morrison. Nega tived by Celia E. Beau. - Considerable enthusiasm was manifested on both sides, but the judges decided that the Affirmative gained the victory. During the past year our progress has. been.- greatly retarded, by our President being absent and a great amount of indifference in relation to this subject, manifested by our4adies. Now, that we are fully organ ized we trust - th at by- diligence and perseverance, we may be able to accomplish a great amount of good. f estTf by-requ- - - r Alice A. Richfield, May 16, 1891 Hatch; Cor. Sec. - u-nr- . "So say we, all of us." TRANSACTIONS OF THE, NATIONAL COUNCIL OF WOMEN, r HELD AT WASHINGTON, D. C.,' v FEBRUARY 22-21S9I. 5, Before September ist, 1891, it is hoped that this volume of about three hundred pages (containing the report of the eight public, and three business sessions of the Council, also thepor. traits of the retiring and the Board of Officers), will be ready for sale. It is desirable that the Officers of the Council know as soon as possible how large an edition of this permanent report it will be necessary to "issue. , .r:...,.,..,......, once to the Corresponding secretary, price $1.00. in-com- Sabscriptions-shoiiIdbefDrw'arded;a- t Rachel Foster Avery, 1-- 1 11 7AMll3MllMMpiill R. S. REPORT. THURBER, UTAH. Editor Exponent: Our regular annual meeting held at the meeting House Jan. 1, 1891. Pres. Sarah G. Meeks presiding, after the usual exercises including reading of minutes, financial report of the past year and so on was approved Bishop Wra. Meeks spoke, encouraging the sisters in their labors thought they had done well under the circumstances, all felt well scientific, and professional nreferment and usefulness, ibat it would detract from the comforts of home and the blessings of offspring. It is woman's nature and destiny to inherit the elements of love,paternal affection and the desire for home duty, princi pies which a true noble woman would not neglect under any conditions to cultivate, any more than the honorable husband and father although he might be called to contribute of Uia hmo taltmta on1 mil npn pa fnr tho hnnafit C his state or nation. Appropriate remarks from, the President closed a meeting of much interest and enjoy social,- literay, - ment. . - The meeting adjourned for three months. .Marian S. LAKE SALT Wilcox, Sec. - CO'. Minutes of the meeting of the W; S. A. of Salt Lake Co., held in the 13th Ward As-- 1 TV HPmhlv Rooms. Mav 19th 1891: Pte Howard in the chair. Prayer by Elizabeth Mc'Farlane. Dr. Elvira S. Barney was appointed' to act as Sec. pro tem. Minutes of previous meeting read and approved. Elizabeth Price read from the compiled laws of Utah, page 342. Subject, Distribution of property by Will, and Succession. - Pres. Ho ward said that the women of Wyo- ming had (tie right of suffrage, and when ehe visited there advised them to be united in voting. But she would also advise that women here and everywhere study the subject of politics and learn the position of both Democratic and Republican parties before express-- : "r . ing a desire tohite witETeither M. Pres. of Ter. the S. Kimball, Ass., said make selections to was from the it proper ' Revised Las of Utah and make' a study "of them in our meetings, and thus educate ourselves pertaining to the laws of our own Territory. Also thought a iibrary oi our own to select from. Said manyfelttheneed of, help in? their homes.-- Thought the establishment of an industrial school would qualify girls for useful labor, but it required a movement instead of talk only. Suggested that the Association make a study of the great political questions of national in; . ; The Woman's Suffrage Association of Weber, Co.' hld an interesting meeting in the Third Ward Assembly Hall on ' Friday afternoon, May 15th. Besides a good attendance of members residentajn Ogden City, some settlements in the Country ware well represented,. The enrollment list which was read by the secretary showed a large increase of membership over last year, : The President Mrs. E. Y. Stanford regreted, that owing to sickness in her family, our Delegate of the Woman's Suffrage Association recently held in Washington, Mrs. Emily S. Richards could not" be present to report the OTsejyicjhe JiaLrendered on that mission. A very entertaining and instructive programme was then rendered consisting of a select reading by Vice President Mrs. C. Driver, a quartette by Messrs. E. T. Wooley, H. J. Sears, R. .Williams, and H. Anderson Miss Lucretia West playing the accompani- ; terests that were now being agitated.- - Emily S. Richards, said she would like to study up the political subjects and know more about them before she could intelligently actr Said Miss Anthony advised the women tb have some hobby as an incentive to. action, and if they had not one, to go and buy one. She referred to the Day Nursery that she had a3 a hobby, if she might call it so; and that the. full capacity- - of It wai nineteen, but they never naa less man ten children and that homes were always provided for them, and that she had a long list of names of those that were willing to furnish homes for, the unfortunate. The ladies of this Territory had been organized for many years, arid the Women 5f the- - world from Messrs ment, Thomas speeches r Wallace were being organized in working classes; she and Joseph btanford. The first speaker in an thought that if there could be done interesting and instructive manner, refeiedlta: perhaps in a different way- -f romsomething whatwe had the lives of many prominent women whom done. Our old ladies have been provided for history :ras proud of because of 4he many in the homes of their own kindred but our dBtinguished positions they had occupied and population was 'there would be increasing and of the public good they had rendered. a greater demand and if they could be located . The second speaker thought that while if where they could feel it wa's home, and have was but just to concede that man should lead society it would be a happy condition for them. he being created first, thatitwasthe ricrht Elizabeth Mc'Farlauespoke upon thesubject of woman 10 ioiiow close alter in of companionable taking care of the and watching help, and dwelt largely upon woman's mnfoi over them; that there young girls was a great power with ... , 11!. r I x,.....vUw wapauuuy exniDitino1 her fit some' men to influence them-tgo astray, and travel side by side with man fn all his all classes of men from the world had come waiss ana nursUits ana emov in common all into our midst. 4 j j the rights and privileges of j intellectual life. ret Mitchell she could not define said Wn UC that Jln tend. m.en er position on the political Question untill she nums:u to political,. bad made the subject of parties a studr. Said ,eau'g ' ' : -- -- -- ci , neto o -- 3X '?Le '"'"'J . . -- 1 , 