WOMAN'S had charge of the whole.5 proceedings were also very busy. The time passed very swiftly in pleasant conversation and we found on rising from the table it was nearly the hour for the V. S. A. to commence their exercises. The Payson band was present in full force in the evening and rendered stirring selections of . patriotic music The members of the Association wore the yellow ribbon badge,-a-nd all seemed in the cause. Some young quite energetic good ladies gave selections on the organ (instrumental) one of them we were told was the Presbyterian school teacher at that place. . The meeting house was well filled quite as many gentlemen as ladies it seemed, and it is to be hoped more interest will be awakened on the sub- our experience in Washington during the sessions of the National Council and N. A. W.'S. A. Con- - - ft,-- .- . Jhis-jdoctrine- s ir.-ivr- l-n of m Association in the county should come forward with asmanvof the children as Is nmrtirahltr bring; city wards .can certainly make a good tVi a numpriral "shnwino-- . 7 anH ' " - with tt,uihllo UJ afforded .adjacent country wards can have no excuse for The Hall should be filled with children, their parents and friends. ; - non-attendan- - ce. ' fe The Executive Committee the Woman's National Council met in Indianapolis Ind., on Saturday May 30th, as r; previous appointment,"of sacted such business as had been resolved upon at the business sessions held in Washington D. C.,at the close of the sessions of the Council in February last. One of the items however not brought before the XouncU at that time, was a resolution' to defray the p delegates to the International Council which is expected to convene in Chicago in 1801. The Relief Society Conference of this Stake of Zion will be held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms on Friday Tune ioth. Meetings com mencing at 10 arm. and 2 p. m. as usual. It is , desirable that there should be representatives from each branch in the Stake, that suitable instruction an&encouragement may be given and '1' I that- all rmnU J t. .... 1 T mnrtui0j ttvijv lugtmci iu iidLiiuuny ana oe mutually helpful to each other through the interchange of ideas and a correct understanding of the general status ahd labors of the Society in the interest of all concerned in its welfare. All those interested in this, benevolent .Society are invited to attend this Conference. ' The difficulty in the Board of Lady Managers n U- wine-bibbe- r; T l-- t " i Sisters JaneS.Richards,Sarah Jane Cannon and Louie Felt are visiting Bear Lake Stake to attend the Conferences of the Relief Society and Primary Associations, and in the interest of the organizations generally. Sisters Elizabeth Howard and Lillie Freeze are tra velinz through Wasatrb S tn e ntt m ;n the. Conferences of the Relief Society and Primary Associations and also visiting the different settle-- " ments in the interest of th Ataa The Primary Associations will hold their Con- tl icicuccme ionowing aay, Saturday June 20th, in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall as usual. Each ill-feeli- . EDITORIAL NOTES. nW-xtinm- of the World's Fair, between. Mrs. Palmer, the other cosmopolitan; one is the way of separatismt Executive Committee and Miss Phebe Counsins, the other pf neighborliness. Each individual is seems to grow, more 'and more complicated, and called upon to choose, and upon the nature of to hinder very much the progress of the work that ckoice depends the character of one's career. be to necessary accomplished or at least fairly Strangely enough there is wide difference of at'an it date is begun a great pity that this ; early opinion among devoted disciples of our Lord as little difference could not have been amicably to what was His method of meeting the world. between two the ladies themselves or by By precept and practice Christ was a cosmoarranged some sort of friendly arbitration and not cause politan; He' taught in the Temple and in the so much and , consequent delay in the synagogues ot a lattn Me naa come to supersede; He sat at meat ' in the homes of rulers, whose movement, that is to be a world-wid- e enterprise and at all events should not be hampered by petty, government He came to overthrow; He partici trifles, or controversies over details. pated in great feasts among the rich; He received There will be a children's Fair of the Primary publicans and sinners; He made Himself the Associations of this County held in the Social friend and brother of each and all. His manner Hall in this city, commencing about June 15th, of life was in the most pointed antithesis to that ot John the Baptist, who came neither eating nor under the auspices of President Ellen C. Clawson and her Counselors Camilla Cobb and Lydia Ann drinking,- and He had to bear the monstrous" inof their criticism who said'This man is Wells, It is to be hoped the people will put justice a friend of publicans forth their best efforts to make a good showing a glutton and a r ' .: of handiwork of both boys and girls. A few and sinners." '. "Now look nt the Annstlf Paul Wh it Anna h prizes will be awarded; one for the best bread say in the ninth chapter of I Corinthians: (new made by a little girl,one for the best plain sewing, : version.) also for best darning; and for the best essay "To the Tews I become as a Yaw that T'mltrht "b"- written by either boy or girl under fifteen j to them that j under the are gain Jews; law, as years of age a handsome book will be given. under the laiv not under the law, being myself One or two persons have offered to assist with that I might gain them that are under the law; the prizes, and if there are others who feel to aid to them that are without raw, as without iau iioi in this good cause they can have the opportunity being without law to God, but under law to Christ, now, and such donations will begratefullyre that I might gain them thar are withouriaw. To ceived by those who have charge of the affair. the weak became wcakKz I might gain the The various associations throughout the county weak; I am become all things to alt tnen, that I should be represented, that it may be a success may by all means save some. A nd I do all things in itself and a credit to all interested in the cultithe GospeV s sake that I may be a joint partaker vation energy and skilled industry of the children for thereof." of Zion. -Miss Willard's method xf GospePworkscom-pare- d Mrs. C. Louise' Boyden an elocutionist and with that of Mr.Moody by way of illustration teacher of the Delsarte system of physical trainhe believed it wrong to speak on the same platform with any one unorthodox and because Miss ing, gave an entertainment in the theatre on Monday evening May 25, for the benefit of her pupils Willard thought differently he quoted to her the and that the public might know of her work here passage in the second Epistle of job n which during the past few months,, in, which she has reads, ''If t Ch ris t) rece ive hi in hot i n t o your been an active energetic and fnd'tisMB'iwteaciejrr . She nas not given herself proper rest and rec house, neither bid him God speed. For he' that reation because of her ambition to build up a repu Tjiddeth' him Goci speed is partaker of his evij tation as a teacher in this, city and Territory. She deeds;" and she writing in her journal, ''Brotner has brought forward a number of young pupils Moody's Scripture interpretations concerning rewho have improved wonderfully under her train ligious toleration are too literal for me; the jacket ing and there is no doubt as to her capabilities as is loo strait; I cannot wear it.V a teacher of elocution. Mrs. Boyden gave several The Signal, however, states that In the fourteen selections herself from, standard authors, Jean years that have elapsed since this utterance "Mr. Ingelow, George Elliot, and Shakespeare, and Moody has materially modified and broadened . showed remarkable versatility of acting. A short his spirit of toleration." I of some her pupils and fine After dwelling at some length upon Miss play was given by Miss Grace Williams of Willard's position and bringing forward demon instrumental music by Boston; Miss Viola Pratt's singing added greatly strative proof of what she has accomplished in her Christian work, the Signal states that the" pur to the entertainmentshe has a magnificent voice, with fine expression, and always sings spirit and pose had been to pass the matter over in silence r -r ..tt--Jfeeling. uui iue coauuucu-an- u, unrair statements made, seemed to call for a reply," through their National organ. It then sums up the Woman's Council in MISS WILLARD'S DEFENSE. paragraphs, First, Second, Third and Fourth. Here is a part of the first, The or thodox clergy of the country have un 1 fFirs dertaken to censure Miss Frances E. Willard for educational, philanthropic and reformatory orpresiding at the Woman's National Council over ganization, like the Social Seience Association, so many, or keeping company with so many therChritiesTiind Corrections and the heterodox women; as they term Unitarians and National Educational Associationsociety, It is perfectly Universalists and unbelievers generally. Miss colorless in of creed. There are women respect Willard has made an able defense against their in it of all faiths" and of no faith; Jews, Catho attacks, and one wonders in reading, how they lics, Protestants, Spiritualists, Agnostics; even are going to get around the arguments she brings as there are men of equally varied belief in all forward, and still consider themselves followers the societies we have named as being analogous V and disciples "of the Savior. in structure to the Woman's Council. But no We quote from Miss Willard's editorial in the Bishop or D. D. of any church whatever would Union Signal the organ of the W. C. T. U. of be criticised by Christian people for participatingwhich she is the able President. or for in, presiding over the Social Science As. The title of the editorial is, sociation, the National Educational Covention or EXCELLENT WAY, MORE THE the Society of Charities and Corrections. Nav. which-t'iChristian he would be applauded for so doing as an illustra"There are two s.ways in tion of Christianity inaction. But this is wodisciple can influence his or her time ; one is exoCher inclusive; one is provincial, the man's testing time: "she is the prima donna of the clusive, the - ' "i 181 - vention this last winter. She also urged' upon the ladies the need of taking suffrage literature not only to inform themselves upon the subject, but to keep posted in regard to what is being U L. . C i i J uuiic wy iuc wuiucu ui iuc wona in me cause or reform. Mrs. Daniels of Provo acted as chaplain opening and closing with prayer, the Bishop made a few remarks and expressed his sympathy with the cause. The music was specially good and the Association certainly gives hopeful signs of progress in the right direction. a. 1 EXPONENT. - : - - . - e 