W V . t ural -- England.Personals. Notes and Sister's Sacrifice M. A. Y. Green- halgh. R. S., Y. L.M I, A., and PI A. Reports St. John's Beaver Utah Box Elder News. - A Sco-fiel- M evil-mind- ed Often you've looked on a rushing train, But just what moved it was not so plain. It couldn't be those wires above,.: For they could neither pull nor shove: Where was (the motor that made it go You couldn't guess, but now you know. Remember my rhymes when you ride again On the rattling rail by the broomstick train! REAL AND IDEAL. At times sweet visions my mind, And glimpses olrfieTmkj Where, all the oibjects seem so Tasteful in color, and in beauty rare, That I must pause, and think if they be real, Or only what the poets call ideal. flort-aCros- s well-defin- ed remember when a little child, I had these same strange, wand'rlng fancies; And I was told my thoughts were running wild, . Tt at I must not indu'ge in such jrooa anc es Wasting in idle dreams the precious hours, and gazing from the, towers. Building I wejl air-castl- es E'en then I seemed t6 see familiar things, Pertaining to a dim. uncertain past; And to my recollection faintly clings, A sense of something, which the shadows cast. That showed me what'my future life would be, A prophecy, as 'twere of destiny. . There was an intuition in my heart, Ati innate consciousness of right and wrong, That bade me choose a wiser, better part, ' Which, in rough places, helped to make me strong . : hat glowing aspirations fill the mind " - Ji c " well-doin- Thus ever struggle on, 'mid doubts and fears, While changing scenes before our gaze unfold, Till, through the yista'of long, weary years, We see heav'n's sunshine, thro' its gates of gold; And feel assured it is an answering token. Aye! though our earthly idols have been broken. Tho' those we've cherish'd most have been untrue, And fond and faithful ones have gone before, Still iet'ift keep the promises in view. Of those who're pleading on "the other shore,' Whose tender messages are with us yet, -- The words of love we never can forget. And while we muse and ponder, shadows fall, And a sweet spirit whispers, "Peace, be still," What of the past 'tis now beyond recall; The future, we , may fill. Yet sometime, we shall find in regions real Those dreams fulfilled we only term ideal. - - 'and--trust- spoken from the fulness of her heart than her sobs'and tears stifled her utterance, and she - swedttSTidw caught her in her arms and soothed her as one vould a little child; meantime the great bell of the Castle rang furiously and Miss Conway was called away leaving her cousin in charge of her maid, who under the training of Miss Conway was becoming -- quite an adept at . nursing." Notwithstanding the intimaev that naturally followed between the two cousins from their association as nurse and patient, there was still a reserve that it seemed impossible to break and Miss Conway knew no more of her cousin's at the end of a week from thtti me )f her ill nesKpthew followed her on that day to the woods. The -young man had been extremely cautious, for Miss Conway had kept a strict watch, and not a line or message had come to the Castle, of, thi3 she felt perfectly sure, and moreover that her cousin was pining to kuow something concerning bis welfare though she never spoke of him or in any way alluded to what had er occurred. The two - girls Vat -- together day,, and when Anna UouFIhe room, she tooTup her lace work and busied herself with the nee Je, her cousin meantime entertaiuipg her with reading, or. telling her. stories out of her own and her mother's., past- - life, while she too plied- - her needle though carefully noting every motion and glance of her beautiful cousin: The summer was fading into Autumn and and lke.ood were crimson robes and the sunsets were growing more gorgeous in their brilliancy and the leaves in the avenue that lead up to the house were like a heavy carpet upon the love-affa- ir Bhidtrerrht day-lift- le . - III puttiugL-Jiii-.tliBirparp- risked so much. ' "ics," replied tho young girl, "I did expect a message of some sort and I can scarcely belit ve it would bo so long delayed, my father may have letters for me Jane, do you know if he has had any?" and tier lips quivered as she s poke, it seemed to Ikj her last hope. "No I do not know but he has said nothing to me of any, and when he, went away instructed' rao concerning his own mail, to take charge of it etc." "My lather seems to have perfect confidence in you, Jane, you with all his affair?" "Yes, d ear, even his most precious j'nvel, his darl :ng child Anna." "Bat he does not love me, nor does any one else, I have never known what love was, no one has ever made a sacrifice for me until now. I begin to "feel that you have, 0, I hope you have some love for me, true friendship, that. may trust you, spak to you freely." Even this sudden . I-- IN RURAL ENGLAND. began-'---irmYg- " -- E. B. W. - far-awa- had Though all along life's weary, toilsome way. We meet with disappointments hard to bear, Yet strength is given equal to our day, And joy is oft'nest mixed with pain and care; But let us not grow weary in g; Still persevere the upward path pursuing. s ground, ere Miss Hilliard was sufficiently the terrible shock she hall sustained to warrant her leaving the house. As she sat looking out with longing eyes, ami such wonderful eyes they jverCj with, that y "look iq them, that tells more than s words, she turned to her cousin and though she dreaded tbeanswer, "Have no letters ever conio for me during all these long tedious weeks?" "No, my dear not any did you expect any menage?" was Janes reply, though she kuew well enough that her was Inngin g for some, asu ran ce, some testimony of the fidelity of one for whom she hesitat-ingly.a- true; woe; Or dream that men and women suffer so with-usefulnc- No. 7. . - What longings foLthtbeauliful and treknow we of the toil, the grief and -- Since then on many a car you'll see A broomstick plain as plain can be; On every stick there's a witch astride The string you see to her leg is tied. Sh will do a mischief if she can, But the slringjs held by a careful man. witch ,And whenever the Would cut some caper he gives a twitch. As for the hag you can't see her But hark! you can hear her black cat's purr, Arid now. and then, as a train goes rjy, You may catch a gleam from her wicked eye." -- Of noble .work designed for man to do! " h it purity of purpose here we find "THE BROOMSTICK TRAIN." Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes has discovered the. motive power of the electric railways. In" the Atlantic Monthly for August he describes "The Broomstick Train," telling how the Salem witches, impatient at their long imprison ment petitioned to be released, and how when the Evil One allowed them their liberty, they played such' mad pranks that he called them together and, for punishment made them pull the electric cars. And though my path was oft bereft of beauty, St itlrged me otrto- fnttTtty1ryd uty: O, happycbildhood, bright with faith and hope, Enchantment dwells within thy rosy bowers; And rainbow tints gild all within thy scope, And youth sits lightly on a bed of flowers, His cup of happiness just brimming o'er, Unconscious of what life has yet in store. d. Colonia Diaz, Mexico Ada A. Earl. Lord Is It I ? Mary Y. Corbyi The Training of a Nurse Mary Cadwalader Jones. Editorial: Conference Notice. Notices of Meetings.; Ter. W, S. A. Convention. Conference Grand Concert. The Irrigation Congress. The Woman's Store. The Woman's Club. Poetry: "The Broomstick Train" Dr.OlTveT Wendell Holmes. Real and Ideal E. B. W. Memory's Guidance L. M. Hewlings. r H, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER 1,1891. CONTENTS. ; I ThMghis ofJhe, Women Vol. 20. in-R- T M'Q A The summons was from Mr. Walton who almost unceremoniously demanded entrance to the Cattle. The gooi old door keeper was almost. be&id himself ' when this impetuous young maninsbted upon seeing'Miss Hilliard, but bethought himself sufficiently to send lor . M iss Con w ay , an d w hen she a ppea red u pon the scene, the lo vet 's ardor cooled mmpnitarily. HCfa vfin f Miss "Con way the daring young horsewoman who.had .him before, and he meekly inquired whether it were possible to see the young lady, the daughter of Sir Edward Milliard, as he had learned since bis arrival in town that the 'Baronet was abseuU ''Miss Hilliard has seen no visitors as" yet, f he is not recovered from the serious illness brought on by the nervous shock," she could not fmiyrthe nencjOPjQ out-witte- HxtLantLa-Scram- a 1 1 -- d hi rte-br- a t hbrtrk enn- - upon them and turning in the direction from which the sounds proceeded there came Lady Anna'dowu the staircase, her loose raiment falling about her slender ligure, her arms out-- . J stretched, her :iiairJkUng..iabottt4c'r--houldtr-s and neck like a shower of gold. With one great bound , her lover rushed forward, but Miss Jane intercepted him and in a moment sh er wasi a h e r o wn room agaiiTan d as i her brave cousin sought to, allay her excitement, tell in? hfr she wrmld briig her what-eve- r message Mr. Walton might"' h ave for her. While Miss Conway was absent from erer 