WOMAN'S ui uun.nuu.w J io every cnua ..tn. vmuc;dUMuiucu EXPONENT. 21 a. second is like unto it; ""Thou shalt love thy prised in rearing those priceless treasures, great neighbor as thyself heaven's choicest blessings to poor fallen human" ' wherever found. Without itjifejs, buUaj family On, these two commandments ity. ' dreary waste. Its exercise sanctifies every con- - and the prophets (Jesus) . No, that heavenly link between heaven and all and makes dition, How few contemplate this momentous subject, earth will survive the drouth of things lovely. Its developunrequited love. ment in every human being is found to some ex- - How little we realirf-- th will It f outlive thehTmedlinutterable anguish imn.rHn,, l tent, but in woman more supremely so. The sublime and weighty words, or even inflicted by a career of vice and crime. It will give them a youthful maiden's love, so pure and free, makes thought throughout the routine of our follow its votaries to prison and the scaffold. daily occuman more manly, subdues his stubborn will, and pations. To our Death that mighty conqueror whose fiat lays senses it seems makes more holy Jill his aspirations. It is the almost like an low alike, the monarch, and the beggar cannot . improbability. great conqueror of all adversaries; subdues the Too frequently are .they considered to be too conquer-tha-t . Infinite portion of the Deity, that "of from hate whence our flow evils and passion pure and sacred for fallen humanity to observe : pure, unselfish love which every saint of the most brings man in harmony with his God. "God is but Ve must not attribute to the Savior such an High should aspire to, which alone can enable ;... Love." absurd idea as. such an injunction surely would them to observe that great commandment, "love God is the greatest word in our language. It be if impossible to obey it. thy neighbor as thyself." implies all that is great as well as good ; all that It certainly would require a large, amount of It is a sacred injunction of vital importance for is lovely or loveable. It represents the , highest the Spirit of God to enable poor, weak, selfish it essentially concerns our eternal salvation. of excellence conceivable to the human degree natures to arrive at such a high and holy stand The Lord of life and glory never issued a manmind in all the virtues and excellence that has a ard. date that was not essential. in the soul of the and lodgement man, That Infinite love which inspired the Redeemer image Then, alt ye who have adopted the sacred name likeness of his Maker. to give His life for the salvation of a fallen world of Saint, beware, lest ye dishonor that : exalted J.: His greatness is manifest in all, through all, arid must also inspire an individual to observe that appellation through a spirit of avarice, which is over all. His works are marvelous in the eyes of which- comes so very much in contact with so prevalent throughout the civilized world. That man. The first and the last the end from the worldly, selfish natures. If that love, love thy detestable spirit of greed for wealth and fame is beginning He comprehends. We contemplate neighbor as thyself, was universal throughout the the bane of our land, its pernicious effects are Him as perfection in every attribute of our nature and side. length and breadth of the universe what a lovely visible on every-han- d that is commendable, elevating, or desirable: and delightful slate of existence, how different sways its scepter over the poor and Oppression defenceless His power and greatness is without limit to our from the present cruel, and polluted specimen of without mercy, or remorse, for the burdens and understanding; filling immensity with His spirit; Satan's handicraft. But it pleased the Father of miseries it inflicts. The cries of the widow and all, for the immortality and eternal life of man our spirits, in His Infinite wisdom and providence orphan fall unheeded on'the parsimonious and A n ta for whom the earth and all its joys were made, to place them in a sphere where sin and darkness entirely adapted to man's happiness, as it once abounds, in order to gain an experience which In their frenzied pursuit for wealth and emoluu mai me wora uoa implies is lar was. could not be obtained in any other way. Thus ment Jhey stop not. to reflect, neither do they the purposes of the Creator are obvious to every comprehend that there is a higher power, whose ' yond our finite comprehension. None heed un dertake to fathom it. reflective mind; for the experience acquired in all seeing eye is taking cognizance of their every Now, is a word that seems more simple, more this state of probation is not only essential but act and the cries of the' widow and orphan, mingeasy of comprehension. It relates o Xt 'present absolutely indispensable for improvement, ad ling with oppressed millions are daily ascending" to the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth; who hearkens of our being a part, a moment of time, of which vancement and progress under all circumstances we are creatures. It relates to our existence and evento the raven's cry, Who eie long will mar throughout time and the endless ages of eternity. involves the conditions that attend us today this 1 he apostle said Jesus was perfected through shal His hosts and avenge the wrongs of the very moment, the shortest period of time express- - suffering, if so. if it required, suffering and afflk , tr odd an,d, oppressed ..with a. jmi and r able--i all time that we can mighty retribution. , . i o i i the present is certainty, all else is uncertainty, how much more so poor, weak, Already we behold the dawning cf. a .... brighter . .. l IT. To-dawe live, to morrow we may die. Now is individuals? .wji?nu.wu-ij(uaiMS la Tulc Will DIQQ trgus the time to the time Then let us not complain and repine because of the power of the unlawful and covetous despots to do, the time to think, the time to act, the time our trials, though the billows of affliction roll, high and proclaim peace and rest to the oppressed of : i which is alloted to all things. It does not admit and threaten to overwhelm us in its turbulent, every nation. nf nrnrrastinatinn it has nmsuhstiftifp in ftrriA when the bright effulgence of that Then, murky flood, but acknowledge the hand words associated These three together as at Heavenly Father in everything, and under all glorious epoch illuminates the earth will lovcand the head of this article imply the whole duty of I circumstances,arid He will assuredly overrule our peace abound; then will"love thy neighbor as thy. severest trials for our best good, and they will self," be universal from sea to sea, and from pole man, his greatest and sweetest duties. Yes! Love God Now. prove our greatest blessings, if not in time, they to pole, and the knowledge of the Lord cover the earth throughout alHts vast domains. This love of God, begets love to man, and works will in eternity. ..I...".-'--'rolls on oppression and ' At present as time no ill. It 'fills' the soul with peace and good will Eliza D. Gibbs. rime with all their numerous retinue of adherent to man. It gives to man an approving conscience evils are marching forward with rapid and gigan one void of offense towards God and man. Love EXECUTIVE SESSION. tic strides throughout the whole habitable globe.. to God is manifest by keeping, His command Instead of love for neighbor every jdeyice is ments, doing His pleasure. We seek to please ty of Minutes op the Conference those whom we love. We may more profitably brought into requjtionbya Execu- of the is source the who all of seek to please Him good mankjnd, Jo J'xestfrAra,.asIellow4)einhis-a-of-": 'ttve Board of Councilthose-whno thisworld's 'goods to replenish one's own coffers. trom o and who will withhold Women good thing of of the United States, love Him. This apparent duty should be Even the home "sanctuary is not exempt from this done now. The unborn may never I selfish, covetous spirit; such is the sad condition Indianapolis, May 30, 1891. come, it. is never our's. The soul jthat is filled' of the world that love thy neighbor as thyself, rPresent atJhe meetings MrsrMay AvTiehf Se- with love to Godjhasjove inhU sou for aU His sounds almost like an idle word, If there is. a citadel on earth where a spark of wall, President ; Mrs. Rachel Foster Avery. Cor. works and woras. no narm or iu,.oy worus or can come trom him whose that; Divine attribute can be found it is in a Sec; Miss Frances Willard, and Mrs.; E. S. works, to fellow-masoul is inspired by the Love of God. Let love mothet's heart. A mother's love comes the Burlingame. Mrs. Burlioame did riot vote, as sheeame reprcsenting-lnformall- y .jnearjestto--0ivUiitthen prevail everywhere; in..the famjly,jn jajl the President that pure, unselfish love that personates the of the National Free Baptist Woman's Missionary r inrtfa'dipitylDrall its associations and conditions; in the State with all just deDeity in His love for the human family, A true Society, Mrs. Mary A. Davis. In the absence of the Rec. Sec, Mrs. Isabella. mands; and charity,"the tove of God, become the moth e r wi 11 lay do wn herji feioi-J- erlioffspring Jf d Charles Davis," the Cor. Sec was made Rec. Sec, need be. that shall admit us to the fulness of tha of the Conference. joy, peace, and happiness, of the divine presence All selfish and mercenary feelings are swal which results from doing duty . now. Love. God The President opened the meeting with a lowed up in that inherent quality ; but alas ! how I ,' often ill repaid! Nevertheless, although they statement of the reason why tfile various mernori supremely jp ;:v? neglect, disobey, abuse and trample that heavenly als and letters, authorized by the Executive Set- boon under their feet, they cannot extinguish that sion in Washington had been allowed to wait, it LOVE THY NEIGHBOR AS THYSELF. spark of Divinity, that heavenly germ which being thought best that the method of carrvinsr out "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy stimulates and nerves a mother through her the work indicated by the Resolutions passed ia heart and with all thy soul and with all thy various trials, andarduous tasks, cares, arid Washington, should ba determined by this meet- " almost-endlesr mind." ;,: .." mg. ; anxiety in her unavoidable and .. The Washington Resolutions were then read This is the first great commandment; and the routine of perplexing and intricate duties com- .. . 4 .1... ueiug. r r i'i.s oi uoa sin-becloud- ed - - - V 9 en-do- 1 1 1 1 M a f wn $tt:i6ui'NowTl - y c ; of-ou- . r : " -:- ' great-majori- th-Nationa- - w : n, -- Jts-relati- ons ; y b key-wor- -- -- -- s ; ..;,. 