so WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Indignant and bitter feelings followed in their train, until one portion of the people swept those to perform and we should do all in our power quiet place where there are so tew temptations. There is not a salmon within forty miles of and the Lord would shower His' blessings upon "who had been a godly and righteous people from here, nor any one that sells liquor of any us. the earth. Sister Young said whatever is good for nB kind, which we feel is a very great blessing. We can sleep with our doors open at night and the Lord will give unto us, encouraged Several of the nations fell in the "same" Way young is no one to molest or make afraid. Our there mothers to teach their children in the fear and pride being the first stepping stone to their down children can play in the open air any where admonition of the Lord, said our families were fall. As soon as I regained my health I attended ,and there are no bad examples set before the centre of our happiness, the daughters of Zion should strive to defend the kingdom of them, all are united in training their children meeting; and what did. I bear?, I heard some rearight. God, to stand firm and be faithful to the end marks from an aged man, whose character had We arc trying to live our religion as near asked the blessings of God upon all. always been above reproach; his remarks were as we know how, some of us at least. I exBishop Olsen said we let many privileges very interesting upon some school question, ' -- showing when it should arrive at the perfection edesired,Jie-wouldJbe-praud40 jseeJ Oh I felt to exclaim, do not say proud; only saints said, I rejoice. say as the former-daDid any of the Saints in those, days encourage Pride? Did our Savior ever say one word inllis teachings' in favor of pride. No, no. But I have read His commands which ended in this way, 'Any thing either more or less, cometh of evil." -h- y danger, that He will not be willing that we are called by His name, for the Apostle says,. "He resists the proud but gives grace to the humble. TheProphct Joseph Smith was told, Doc. and Cov., Section 90 verse 17th. "Be not ashamed neither confounded; but be admonished in all your high mindedness and pride, for it bringeth a snare upon your souls." Are we not in the snare? Is not the heel of oppression upon our necks". Do not we need the help of an Allvvise Father to mnlrf nur hurthpns lighter at th nrpspnt tjm? 1 do earnestly desire that we all read the Book of Mormon again with a desire to know why it was kept for this generation. When this is done you will see the present day as clearly as you behold your natural face In a glass. "You will learn how the people wers brought out of their difficulties when the opposite pect if we should be counted worthy to be slip away from us which the Lord had eiven saved in the kingdom of God, we will have to ns and whi ch we willome'ti m e regret. Enbe tnecTin many ways yet to test our FaItTi7 couraged the sisters to go on in their good work and if we stand all the trials and temptations and reap the blessings they had set out for. and come off victorious in the end we will reCouii. Arthur Horsley felt well repaid for ceive a reward such 'as we have merited. attending the sisters' conference, felt the spirit has There not been much sickness here this of God wa3 in their midst. Brother Eldridge summer. There has been but four deaths, and said he had been greatly edified in listening to all these were babies which caused their the remarks of Sister Young to the daughters ' ormrrlon.:MOjher for we realize if we are faithful we will rePres. Anna Larsen said she had rejoiced ceive them back in pur arms in the first resurwith the sisters during this conference. Spoke rection have laid them down. Joseph of her visit through the Stake, hacLbeenJrindly-receive- d Smith gave instructions in Nauvoo in speaking by all, and the sisters came out to the of resurrection of a child. Dear the meetings and responded to the calls made the words the Prophet Joseph Smith upon them; asked the mothers to teach their Sisters; children to pray, said the test was near when preacned in JMauvoo are recorded ior our consolation.what a blessing to have our dear little it will be known who has oil in their lamps child ren back, where there is no parting, and and are ready to meet their Savior. no more temptations to lead them astray. The Stake officers were presented and unanimously sustain edr Choir sangrAn them)-"T- he -- Ordervilie, Sept-189Lord will" comfort- - Zion." Con ference adjourned until April 1892. Benediction by Brother Samuel Cox. . , as-w- e - U EMERY STAKE. The quarterly conference of the Belief Society of Emery Stake was held at Price, Oct. lbth, .lbyl. Pres. Anna U. Singing "And are we yet alive." Prayer by nortv anrfc tVis vrtrsrr rvr thm Jishop Frandsen. Singing "Now we'll sin? with one accord." It was God alone who delivered them and gave Pres. Larsen "said sKe' felt thankful tolneet wisdom from time to time to save them from imin another conference under such favorable mediate, destruction. Nor did they fail to give circumstances, and to be blessed with the presHim the glory. ence of Pres. Zina D. H. You ng. The w ritten The same. .snirit...trwda,y ..will ..nmdnr tlw- snmreports of different wards were read and aceffect. Not only so but will enable our you cepted, also the presidents of branches that live upnVht, iust and true to themselves, and all were present, gave in very interesting reports. under their care. This will cause the smile of Pres. Zina 1). H. Young said- - she had been an A wise Father to rest upon them; and He pleased in listening to the reports. Said we will give tkem of His spirit to that degree they, should teach our children ri?hteousnesa. rn can make friends of those who came here seekfear God and keep His commandments:" said ing their destruction. And they will on the conwhen we were tried and afflicted we should red friends. trary become their member that we have some one to lean upon, Who that ever had the gift of the Holy Ghost a Supreme being, that is pleased to bless us if can deny this fact? Our Heavenly Father can do we attend to our prayers, we are building that which we can not. Do not fail to become Temples for holy purposes and we should live with the Him which channels acquainted through so we could have the privilege of performing He has given us. The written word of both labors for the dead, as well as for the living. ancient and modern prophecy. This is the Encouraged the sisters to attend to their meetcounsel of ings, said the blessings of God will rest upon Xour aSed friend the faithful and those that attend to their M. E. Kimball. duties. Salt Lake City, Sept. 14th, 1891. Bishop Pulsifer said he feltwell in listening to the remarks of Bister Zina Young, said we should be awake to "our duties and have 11. S., Y. L. M. L A., AND P. A.. jour lamps trimmed and burning so when the --r--" :REPORTS;:-: trumpet sounds we shall be ready. , choir sang orderville ward. are on" our wav uiuu a uappy nui. conference ad ounred Dear Sister: until 12 p. m. ' Benediction by Bishop Olsen. of- the readers of I. though Afternoon session: Singing "God attend the .exponent would like to hear Irom our little branch, Orderville, as there has hot been while Zion sings. Prayer . by Brother much said of this place since it was settled. Singing "I'll praise my Maker while' Our Relief Society is well attended, our Presi-deI ve breath."; Counselor Josie Chiids said we ;wai away this summer but the ...meetings auu i'fi nprnro our .V1WV, jaiiu were ke pt u p regu larly. z i. i Father for comfort 4ind strength to Heavenly Although there are a good many out 011 rear our children in truth and righteousne-encourageranches this season, they have a manuscript the sisters to cuUiyate patience to "u whichonco read mon a it bear of th, irith our children and with nno pa per. All the other organizations Closed her remarks by good instructions. an interesting reading ... ...o are in running order. We feel to thaiik our Anil pnnilMrn'i loftai. JAUlli M f.rtv ,,UCi i!irs n ij, w ells. vv.b,u5 for Father 113 with thi coun. Ann rulsiler said we all h blessing Heavenly V SALT LAKE CO. W. S. A, . Larsen-presidin- g. i - - a 11 . 1 warm-hearte- . J-W- ' - Eld-ndg- e. nt d - ls-f- u'l """""" -- -- onu. 1 r-- v m nviA The Salt Lake Co. W. S. A. convened in the 13th ward Assembly Rooms, on, Tuesday the 17th of Oct., 1891. Pres. Elizabeth Howard presiding. Prayer was offered by Dr. E. S. Barney. Roll called, minutes of last .session read r and accepted- .- The yearly financial report was read, by Treasurer E.'S. Barney. Pres. Howard announced that the time had arrived for the election of officers for the ensuing year, which was then attended to. Ter. Pres. Sarah M. Kimball occn pied the chair, while the following named officers b balloi ?resid?.Ilt I Zere elciid Howard, Secretary, Caroline 0. R. Wells, Treasurer, Dr. E. S. Barney, vice presidents First Louisa K. Spencer, Second, Nellie Colebrook Taylor, Third, Phebe C Young. It was then moved and carried, that the remainder of the officers be nonlinated, which resulted a3 follows: Asst. Sec, Margaret A. Caine, Cor. Sec. Emma Finch, Chairman Exr Com; r Elizabeth McFarlane, DrT M. C Shipp, Ardella W, Eardley. Lillie, T Freeze, Mary E. Irvine and Mary E Bassett. Pres. Howard, Vice ' Presidents Taylor and: Young, briefly thanked the ladies, for their confidence in them which they had manifested by electing them to office, which each expressed. a desire to fill, with honor to themselves and the promoion of the cause, in , J:lizbh which they were engaged. Pres. Kimball made some suggestions, as to the work to be performed in the coming year. Recommended that meetings be held and branch associations organized Vino Presidents be appointed in the Co. wards outside of the City, and diligent eflorts made to increase H the interest in the association, that it might be an active one, and the result of our efforts be felt. ... ... - Several lad ies ca me forward and - renewed their memberships and the meeting was adjourned until the third Tuesday in Dec. at the same hour and place. Caroline C. R. Wells, Sec. T : 