WOMAN'S": "EXPONENT. UNTO THE THESE. LEAST-O- F All through the course of His Hfeitho shadow of His cross was upon Him, for He knew all .things froin the beginning,; what should take place, and it grew deeper and deeper until He entered the cloud and on His humanity must have fallen a mysterious fear,yet He failed not but steadily set His.face to- - meet it. Though He had all pow'er and could have asked and received "twelve legions of angels," yet, He most "tread the wine press alone", for His sorrow was book-to- : Hj3 followers, understood none of these iney things.' H&would sometimes -- He must' sutler "and seemed as though He would fain have brought them into the cloud with Him jnst as we, when some strange" .dread hangs over us, we seek to shafe it 'with another, seek bow often in vain, we feel that if we try to - express our feelings, our- woras arc misunderstood, and we rrv out of our sore disappointment, truly, "the heart knoweth its- - own bitterness," we are ready to faint under the pressure of our own life, the pain ' of which nonejnay help us to1 ' " ' bear. ., Let us glance for a few moments at our Lord's unselfishness, and sympathy while ' passing about amongst suffering humanity. The want of devotion in His disciples did not prevent Him from assisting those who needed His help. He healed the sick, cast out devils, gave eight to the blind, un- -. stopped deaf ears, raised the dead, fed the hungry, and did many works of mercy, yet He sometimes longed; for human sym LOUISE BETTS EDWARDS. Out from homes of want anS squalor, Little "hands are stretched to you, Empty, eager, mutely pleading. All the long, hot summer through, Little hands lie restless, aimless." Can we stand before Him blameless "If in vain those hands should sue? a-se- aled .From the crowded courts and alleys JdyX?j.??5.wjp. can hetir- ,EretfuL--plajni- little- - voicesT n - - - 2nthwhatlthing3 -- " Lacking all of childhood's cheer. Little voices, hear them pleading; Can we go bur way unheeding While that cry falls on our ear ? Id - Housekeeper's Weekly. - AT EVENING. - - How softly fall the evening shadows pale, Golden and purple sunsets blend and fade; I ' Night robes earth quietly with mantling veil, And peace and rest the gentle hour pervade. Great nature soothing' with her potent pow'r. Breathes to the "world-wor- n hearfher sympathy; And 'mid the tranquil of such'spell-bounhour , '- d The rnem'ries of the past steaT tenderly. Athwart the scene the moon with golden trail, As erst, with pityiDg glance and mellow'd light, ... Sweeps through the empty space with steady sail,- -' " --, And floods with beauty the enchanted night. It is the hour for sweet and tender thought, And whisperings f the life that is to - -And Faith and Trust with holy impulse fraught, Speak to the soul in nature's poetry. Unconscious of ourselves we yield to sleep And bright-robe- d beings round our couches stray, In sacred stillness holy vigils keep, And night assumes the sceptre of her sway. ' .: E. B. W. ..' .... y.;...- , " pathy. When retiring into.the garden of Geth- semane whither he went to receive fresh strength to meet .HfeJ, approaching trial He said to Hrs 'disciples (those who had hitherto shown most devotion to Him) "sit ye down here while I go and pray yonder." But when He returned He had to. ejxd&iXn, OTCSiDr'aiappointment "what, could ye' not watch with me one hour?" SYMPATHY. How often in times of sorrow these words recur to our minds--'tTheart knoweth its own bitterness and a stranger intermeddleth not with its joys." Those who have experienced sorrow of any kind know what it is to long for sympathy we have most of us some sore spot in our heart which needs its soothing balm. Sometimes our spirits give way amidst the fretting cares of life our heart is discouraged our faith and. desires after holiness weaken, and the enemy of our souls takes advantage of this state of mind and suggests that we will not be able to hold out tn the end ' A cloud hangs over us which hides for a time the brightness of our Father's uuv;c, uuui we ituueiijuer mere is no neip out in Him e-go dry and withered and we plead His promise "I will be as the dew unto Israel." We await at His feet until the dew descends into our souls, and we are refreshed, and. strengthened and prepared to face the burden and heat of the day with the power and freshness of life, and we are led to see that He ha3 been leading us into closer communion with Himself by the discipline of apparent withdrawaltharHgmTyTOteacFliT to lean on nothing but Himself. We may have unbroken communion with our Heavenly he -- r to-H- im -W- ;. t' are seasons of sor Mumz presence, sun mere " - row and suffering when for human "warnl kind word or deed would sympathy, when a be more than food or medicine," but often it comes not, and our heart feels crushed until we think of Him who was divine as well as human and yet, He yearned for human sympathy while in the flesh, but found it not although He was ready to sympathize with any any who suffered. , -- -- Agaiu-IIfr-manifest- we can be saved in the Kingdom of God - i T i r . r i it c oiu.cumiuaiiutu iy ittve uicuoru our vjuu ,! with all nnrv hparr. mJfrht- - minr? and sfrpnortri j,..., aad our neighbor as ourself." St Paul tells us to see that we love one another with a pure a 1 heart fervently." , Thank God there are many amongst us who are striving to walk in the footsteps ofour Redeemer, and is it not nuuu unf. aigna oi me limes uuu the iniquity that abounds proves, to us that the time, is getting very short, let us endeavor to think less of this earth and more of that long hercafter-whic- h lies beyond. m. Mary Y. Cobby. A BOX ON THE EAR. One of Browning's most pathetic poems commemorates beautiful and theactof an old Earl of Arundel, who, having struck hisjittle child on the head, had the picture of himself and child painted, the child as he became in after. years, imbecile from the effects of that blow. It would be well for every parent, and for those having children on their hands, to commit these verses to memory; for the injury dne to children by the quick and careless box on the ear, that is thought nothing of at the ' time, is something incalculable. , FORGIVENF8S. There no bravery like that involved in the forgiveness of injuries. The man who forgives has two victories one over himselfone over the person who has injured him. Men" are not slow to appreciate and applaud virtues they are not so ready to imitate. They will is(, understand that the sublimest human act is thataf Bui trppwfit8S:?w forgiveness noble act is a great dear easier than to perform one precisely like it. iusfas it is comoara- - ed- betrayed by J udas and arrested by soldiers,He asks them "whom seek ye?" they answered Jesus of Nazareth He said nnto them. "T have told you that I am' He, if therefore 0ve seek me, Jet these go their way." Though passing through nntold suflering Himself, He did not' wish His disciples to suffer with him, though bondage Himself, He would have His friends enjoy their freedom. Follow Him a little tarther and we see Jtlim in His last struggle even in the agonies of death not only suffering all that tyrants can heap upon Him. but even His father withdraws his 'nres- - qf a mountain; but it requires a powerful, long continued eliort to reach and stand upon those "heights. The man of meanest capacity makes nimseir more man tne peer ot tne man oi tho loftiest capacity if he forgives him. He who, revenges an injury makes himself the infecior, ?not only of his enemy, but of all others, be- Icause he has stooped to a base act. Revenge jn ;is generally disproportionately severe, even if a man's iudzment is taken as a' standard. and he who practices it has laid up for, him-jsea long harvest of regret and remorse,! while the man who forgives is at peace with ll HeTememberrr ihimself andllthCWrloTaOTBis transformed iWcCf'yet in the midst of V ills weeping moiner, anq commiis ner to his enemy intd his, friend. jfche6are. oMisheloveil diaciple Jobn, And was not Hi3 sympathy manifested for L. May Aheeler whose death has beenf iis wh en He s uffered H imself to be 1 ed as a "lamb to the slaughter" and ''poured out Hi3 widely published Jn the newspapers of the soul to death"; thereby "bearing our sins and day, departed this life at Orange, Mass. June carrying our sorrows'Vand which caused His 24, 1891. Mrs Wheeler had a national bleeding heart to send forth an exceeding bitreputation as a newspaper- woman, and an ter cry in Hi3 last moments when we rememauvocaie oi equal rigim. one established ber that "He was wounded for our transgres-sions.anThe iyo?na)ifs New bright and interesting bruised for our iniquities," and that paper, always newsy as it3 name indicated, in He bore it all without a murmur, howjis it ; Ind ian a polisandaf ter ward s- re mov edi t- - ta trials wh icE Springfield, Ohio, where it is, still published "that wlTHhliotHDl are but a speck compared to His? O how is though the name is changed to " Womankind.9 it that we cannot bear them patiently, joy- - Shewasone time editorof " The; Budget " a Tully, thankfully? political paper.in Springfield. She filled the forSd has thi3 subiect is whv But it that Chicago correspondent for the position 1 itself upon, my mindai the present time? It : Minneapolis Tribune, and Xne ' Indianapolis oecause mere seems to oe such a iacK oi Sentinel and-a- t one time edited a womsn's iis ' Latter-daus such in the column Saints, sympathy amongst Sunday issue of the Sentinel. a want of union of heart of that oneness of Mrs. Wheeler was born at Wmchendon Mass., spirit of which Jesu3 speaks when He says, Feb. 25. 1845, and was of the old Puritan, It i$ stock. We remember with pleasure some ; "If ye are not one, ye are not mine-- " verv evident that we must as a people, have very tnendly letters irom this talented woman, more love, more humility of spirit, more of but at that time had no idea, she was born so that mind which waa m Onnst Jesu3, before fcear our own home, Ed. ,- v , " W - lf ' U-- ! : d - fa - i i ; - - ; y " '. -- ? ., 