.WOMAN 'STEX PON ENTi 188 women, who had given it such support and strength, it deserved to die an ignominous" death." Even in conservative Engbhd there have. been Editor. EMMELI SE ?. WELLS,. more privileges accorded to women than in the United States, where so much is said and written Published In Salt Lake City, Utah TerraK: vrno copy ono year, f 1.00; one copy six months f0 cts- - N of freedom, and liberty, and equal rights. Miss reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, Balgarnie the delegate from various societies in extra for postage one year, 25 ets. the kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland said,in Advertising rates: Rich square,, ten lines of nonpareil 'tpace, one tiraa, 82.50; per month, 83.00. A liberal discount her speech at the National Council ; of Women to regular advertisers. held in Washington last Winter, that,Strcetsecond Exponent office,,No. 25 E., "We the women of Great Britain now possess gate eL8t of D esc ret News Office. Business hours fron? 10 a.m all the votes which men possess; except the Par to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday liamentary vote. We have the right to vote at Address all business communication to seven elections, which deal with -- the school PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXI'QXENT, Salt Lake City Utah.', boards, municipal government, local government poor law government, in fact we have a right to Entered at trie Post Office in Sail Lake City, Utah, as declare what men shall spend the rates and taxes Secoiul Clan Matter. which we have to contribute. Moreover we may be elected to serve upon the school boards .and a 1891. June 15, Salt Lake City, large number of women serve in that capacity. What is more the men urge us to do it. It is not A RT YV ILL RE COG N IZE WH so many years ago that a representative of the " r vxmkNr"" Men's Liberal Association (what is. called the Men's Liberal Four Hundred) did me the honor There are many subjects of special interest to to wait upon me and ask me to run with the men be considered consequent upon the events that as a candidate for the school board.! am glad are transpiring with this people; other phases of to say, that generally, men are welcoming the wo .: 1 lilC SUddi, ICUIUUS ilUU JJUIIllUaj luuuiuuus die men in this respect.. In the few places where presenting themselves and much new thought is they do not, women possess sufficient voting awakened thereby; things are undergoing a to retain their, own women candidates, power change in the communitv. and it behooves each of the men.M one to be prepared for whatever is coming, and irrespective "We have lately obtained the vote for the to be able to judge for himself, 3r herself upon all county councils, which- are analagous to your . matters of vital importance. state and territorial governments." Particularly in the breaking up of the peoples' This is hopeful for England under a woman, party and dividing on party lines, should the Queen Victoria. And what about America "the greatest wisdom be exercised, and a 'realizing land of the free and the home of the brave," of sense of the importance of such a step be taken which we sing and boast so much? Wyoming into careful consideration. leads the: van, there equal rights for men and One may say it will make very little difference women prevail? Utah ought to have had the to women in this Territory as they have no vote; same privileges the. legislature passed the bill but even though they have not, women are and the Relief Society and Sisters Conferences of that Stakeleavlng this City Saturday morning, June We shall prob13, and are expect home ably have a report of the Conferences in our next '. issue. ' '. Woman's Exponent. to-da- y. ' ' semi-monthl- . there-should- -be South-Temp- le . 1 ) 1 ..x ; The Primary Fair in-doi- - . - : -TU.. n'tic :iiuu the Governor signed it on the 7th of February. Women voted for Hon. Daniel H. Wells ..for Mayoison thei4th of February iStot- , Yet we fjpd wherever suffrage for woman is spoken of in public gatherings there are only a vefy feVv" who aare" question. Now that a new political era has come jn the history of the Territory whatjs to r be the outlook for the recognition of women as citizens? They pay their taxes as well. is men and we have never heard that woraeniwere ignorant' in regard to paying taxes; that is one of the privileges they are permitted. They know how to earn money; there are thousands of women in this Territory engaged in various industries and professions, and are actually We believe that the of the majority PcDplesLParty. men, are in ; favor of woman suffrage, and we have noticed that a r 'ii:.! ...11. uuuuuaiybci lur men in meir gallantry towards those whom they are pleased to term the weaker" sex, and as a matter of rourtesy to women who have once "held the resolutkm-m elecjefrnch exercisea it sojuaiciausiy that even those opposed are unalterably opposed to the disfranchisement to it on general principles.could not find anv fault of any citizen except for crime, whereof he shall with the use they made of it,and after being robbed , have been duly convicted." That is very good of it for political purposes, the writer cannot posindeed, but it should be broad enough to apply to sibly see; uhy these fellow citizens who are advowomen citizens as well as men. There is no the and men of brothers should not rights cating doubt a great future for Utah and in that day wo consider the rights of women,their sisters, and be man win assureaiy nave equal political rights WLOiJOT : pol itical recognition , even if th ere is n orsny 1 ra prepare for that event. mediate prospect of its being made a reality,,' It o would'show the good will of the particular party, and women have some influence even without EDITORIAL NOTES. we free to are a VotesTtjut confess, great deal Pre?. Jane S. Richards attended the Relief more with votes. At a,Convention, or Festival held in Boston, Society Conference of Box Elder Stake held at 'S113111 Mrs. Lucy Stone or Mrs. Howe Mass., recently cityjune 9th,of which we hope W have "... a synopsis of minutes and proceedings to publish in summoning up tne political party under dis' ' ... r cussion, and by the bye we believe it was the next issue. Republican party, made this assertion, if in the Presidents Jane S. Richards and Bathsheba W. event of its becoming the ruling or dominant ' 10 rres. z.ina U. ti. Youny of party it did not accord equal political rights to the Relief uuuis Socet) went, to GraotsyHle to.ttend ' ! self-supportin- the-Dem- g. oe '-'-l ; ." 1 "';"" Lydia Ann Wells. The people should patronize this Fair and show their appreciation of the efforts of the children in making articles and such work as is suited to their years. As a people wTe expect great things of the children and. they in turn certainly should receive encouragement from parents and friends: otherwise are thev - j likely to become discouraged: Great efforts a"re being made, by those who have charge of the Primary Associations in the various districts and Stakes of Zion,and it is right and proper that they shouid receive a recognition of their labors, by the people,especially those whose children are under their care and instruction. We hope to tVi A TToir nrtill rr r C a an ulii rrtA jw pauiiii.bUt A new book called "The Educator, ,Cause and Cure of all Diseases," has been handed into u iu iitih in ... k .11 ill if ":jvi . t lmi. il l r r r " . allowinwomentovotentheinterof will open in the Social Hall in this City, on Wednesday, the. 17th . inst.r under -- the immediate direction of President Ellen C. Clawson and her; Counselors, Camilla Cobb and . 1 should ter deeply afcd'uhderstar in these matters, and in all others that concern the welfare of humanity. The woman who has no Bicicsi iu uuj iucmhu uuw.ucuig wiueiy aguatea and no thoughts upon the subject, is not alive to her opporjunities ZJW-Q&vi- n herself or others. It is a grand opening tor the discussion of these pertinent questions that pertain to woman's claims and her grievances. Two, political parties are being formed from the Peoples' Party, which of these two will introduce into their platform a plank, or a resolu tion favoring woman suffrage? - '.What woultJ be the use, some.sayconsidering Congress took the ' The Relief Society .Conference of this Stake of Zion will be held in the 14th Ward Assembly Rooms on. Friday June 19th. Meetings commencing at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. as usual, 'it is desirable that representatives ' from each branch in the Stake, that suitable instruction and encouragement may be given and that all may work together in harmony and be mutually helpful to each other through the interchange of ideas and a correct understanding of the general status and labors of the Society in the interest of all concerned in its "welfare. All those interested in this benevolent Society are invited to attend this Conference. - IClP ' - I who has in connection with her husband, also a ur.. nrenarpn rnic nrimnoi wnrt trtr th hAnht the public. We ".have been looking over the book during ihe past few days and find many excellent facts, and methods'of handling patients and their ailments with a view of making permanent cures. There are many important truths told in' an agree- able and intpllicypnf tViif milf.' m-snn- mila n deeper impression than if handled only scientifically, or in that crude hard way more common among writers on these ponderous subjects. The book is certainly very attractive, and every family would do well to have a copy of it at hand in the After reading it more care- tuny ana thoroughly we may be able to say more and iriveTr better nf ?tc mprlfc . home-librar- y. Ae-r- vc5cay, May 27, there was a very pleasant social gathering at the little new brick cottage of" iiticu uui vvimneyonme corner or L.. ana otn Sts. in the iSth Ward of the- City. There were present the members of her immediate family, and her brother Solomon Kimball and wife, also the Bishop, Orson F. Whitney, (her eldest son) and" his Counselors, Robert ;Patriek and. Wm RrirfrMi - - wife," ana the writer, A sumptuous dinner had 'been., prepared by Sister Whitney's daughters and after ahe repast was over, and the guests and family had reassembled in the parlor, Bishop Whitney aeaicated the house in an eloquent and appropri ate prayer that echoedjlie sentiments of his mother and we .believe of all those who were " present as well as. touching their hearts wit hits earnestness. It is a beautiful idea tn derate the homes of the Saints to the Lord as dwelling places of peace and contentment where His Holy "V""puureu oui in ncn aounaance, ana for the. preservation of health and life,nd - 