WOMAN'S 94 EMILY HAMILTON'S CHRISTMAS.' silence, "Will ing to wait upon the aunts, uncles and cousins and far off relatives and connections and she took fresh courage. That night when alone she ctnsoled herself by thinking, she had been punished for her perversity, and that she ought to have the party any way. "After all what does it matter about all those people, who only come when they know there's a fine dinner, papa could send them each a present, I'll ask him," then' she hesitated. Nor the party will be more expensive, there's the music, and lots of extras, no I can't -askrhim-fo- r anything - more, except - 1- - must have a new dress, and wondering whether he ' really intended she should give the party she" tell asleep. Meantime Mrs. Hamilton had opened her heart to her husband, after the little ones had all been put to bed, and they decided that Emily should give, the party and have her own way about inviting, and see if it would prove more pleasant for her.in the realization, than the family dinner. So Emily, was allowed full liberty, to proceed with the details. " A few days after these occurrences, Emily's grandmother paid them a visit, she lived a little distance away, and had not seen Emily for some time. She was very and Emily had formerly been very fond of her, but she saw the difference in her favorite's manner and deplored it very much; she spoke Concluded. you sing fur ine Emily, or is r any thing wron here tonight?!'"No, papa only I'm out of sorts, I guess I've got 'the blues mamma thinks I'm disagreeable I've offended her- by speaking about the Christmas, you kuow,"and papa I don't see do quite the sarnethiugs whyJ. we should always i as in the same way just iney did a hundred years asro 9" MrrHamilton Jaughel,"a hundred years ago no, T"donT think we do just the same, why Emily a hundred years ago your grandmother was not born. JNo, 1 ratner tnmK n you were nnt. bak a hundred vears vou .would find elequite a difference. Not so many dainty gances as you girl3 have nowadays, why. your great grandmother who lived a hundred years on a ago, rode through the woods to parties pillion instead of in a luxurious, satin-line- d carriage. As for Christmas ldon t think they had any, Thanksgiving and New Year's were the holiday? in winter,but suppose you sing forme, an song, I like old tunes and old songs, and I'm not over fond of things nor ways either, for that matter." Alter a little more in the same strain Emily sang a hfdLj nnA km. tTAio 01 v Imrdnd- v, opir mm uci iuivv crv full nf j soothed her mother, as well a3 quieted even her own rebellious spirit, buch is ever the power of music over the human heart. When she had gone over the list, of her father's favorite pieces, she came and put her. arms around his neck and coaxingly said, "come papa, what about a Christmas party?" supposing we consented your mother ana I to have this all our Don't vou know m the habit orr. folks would be who for so many years? coming here regularly will bring ones Frank "To begin with papa of his college friends, i...wrote to hi mojn vke-hi- s favorite companion," "0, 1 see Emiiy you have arranged for a partner!" "Then we must invite the young people that we have always - . t , -- old-fashion- ed new-fangle- d sweet-mannere- d freely-to-her-son-o- hi3 own roof. will not be all her French, and German, and music and China painting, when she hasn'i a kind-wofor anv'of her old friends?" More in the rd office, and I te "lhen we went out.blackberrying. you do mean to include him," said her father, "shall we make a list, taking notebook and pencil from his pocket and writing; "Frank Hamilton's friend, Harry Montague, who next?" Emily felt nettled, she did not quite like to be subjected to such scrutiny, and to put an end to it turned to her mother and asked her opinion about the invitations. Mrs. Hamilton quietly remarked, Mit is your party child and I cannot think of making suggestions," and then as though to conciliate her a little-- said. "jou know the girls and boysj two yeara has rv .w - Harrrsister. - -- take-outsid- e - . more of this sort of banter, and if she would like to Emily began to feel-agive it up, but then she imagined herself help- s " r ,sNn Pmtfxr r'rAnnu i ' .'i iuudd) j- anfl .vnn . the fifnnor ' , J. cui u uii nonsense the better tor you,and all with whom ou are connected; put all such notions away from you, and marry some good whose young man, integrity of character and i : 1U cse uiaiiiC3 I u ... i auy -- 1 i1 f, 1 n , v s for the time being and the trailing smilax graced and beautified the elegant rooo3. Everything bespoke splendor and luxury. Frank's friend had arrived and been iutroL .1 a? l n "i j a seusaiiou, uuceui anul maoe uoin imiiy quite and-h- er sister Bessie 'fell in love with him at r i ., xiamu-toi t xlermeu.1 ii, tt i h auui if urst sigur, as iney ur. herself could not help adnnriiig-hisreiriat-a- nd polished manner Fred Boutwell was . a vfaVorite everywhere, one of those men who zl- wrays shine in a crowd, he was the life oLany, company, nis musical laieui auu iiue oanione voice were great attractions. He played and sung and whistled, handled the, guitar and banjo with perfect ease like a real troubadour, - ' - 1 ct . 1 1 1 ' , . , ss . x others would his own1 family. Emily's grandmother spoke very plainly to hef on several occasions, and- caujbnedher home-comin- g. home-happine- out her invitations for she enjoyed his society lit iiiiiii i h ti iiiiii'ii irMi. miim irii ii hit ir intrusion. Emily Hamilton was intensely selfish and wanted now to have this fine young man devote himself exclusively to entertaining:" . hop Hn t .if. jnroc- te 1 a fia ni vsr, atw kni nr ha , Frank Hamilton liked a crowd. He could amnse and interest a dozen girls as well as one and enjoyed toe lun very muck better. After the first day or two at the Hamilton home, he showed signs of restlessness; he was accustomed to the City and when he talked of New York and the gaiety QjfLthe season there, he .made Emily teel that he was sacrificing a great deal to spend Christmas week there. She longed for the city life he described so glow- ingly, and the house though teeming with everthing to make it a delightful place of enjoyment, looked simple and homely compared to the pictures Fred drew, of the elegant mansions in jNew I ork 'City.' It lessened her enthusiasm considerably about the party, and iero trother uprightness is well established and you will have mere depend upon it." and The days went by preparations for quite a grand party were in progress. Invitations were sent out and th& affair made quite a stir in the town for such elaborate parties were not often given in the vicinity except on wedding occasions. Frank returned from college, and was quite surprised with the news of a grand ball. His friend came a few days after, for Frank wanted to know whether- - his mother could arrau.'e for a guest, before he made the was delighted when invitation., binding-Emi- ly I T l.ll sue leamyu iliui ne was quue nu accoinpiisned young man, and that the coming year would hpo-Ifinish his college '" o course,' and he would life as an Attorney at Law. Frank had informed her that his father was wealthy, and would set him upwell,and he would not have to begin with nothing but a bare office and a few law books as so many young men do. Evergreen trees and vines and scarlet berries were brought from the woods to decorate the rooms for the coming event. The hot house thepianokeys"were"magical to hisrtouchTInT-faEmily almost wished that she had not sent into her son's unwilling ears, he was ambitious that his daughter should dp well, in fact excel, but he despised ostentation, and he knew his j-u- A little - . , hfiln vtiu or his sister Susie, she's a verv ladv- eT.o ia tint nhiort in hor U. r vaii' J o Mjj, rw mm "0, grandma you make me weary, I never can do what you wish, what are all these village people to me, I don't mean to be one of them, I intend to go abroad. and marry, .some rich foreigner." "Some ope with a title, but withoiildtter-money- r brains I suppose, and how do you propose to manage after marriage? people, have to live you know, there are some things that can be, dispensed with but not the bread and butter." MI haven't got so far as that gran lma, he .hasn't put in an appearance yet in any shape, but I dreamed of him the other night and when I see him Worse and JLhall.;knawimatbhce worse child, and then when you see him and know who he is, as you say, you'll go right up to him and embrace him doubtless, and tell him your dream and thj wild tale of your love and waiting?" 4No grandma I'm not quite that foolish, but I know lots of girls do marry ' foreigners (I prefer Germans) and they travel and see the world, one of our girls at school, a special friend of mine, Fanny Osmond, fell in love with a Count, and ran away from school, and they were married, and her mamma was sent for, and she took her home and Wave ut-auer awmie, ana u, there s ever so much Tyuium approve j roust be gracious on that aca.unt, I don't think I care much for airy of them, but Harry Montague has been very p4ite to me and in every way possible has shown "me marked attention since 1 came home; we used to be very fond of each other when we were children; he always helped me over the brooks, and lifted me down out of iiww a credit to you, orher. mother either, her pride is insufferable, what; good 'is her tionable?" 'Tapa I didn't say I objected, not exactly; there are not many to choose from, and they, or. at least the young men all voted e "Why" said the old lady she s . tbeireeo(Lgave-4ueih- 4hebjcct-aiduaskedJu- ii with the people who "aga1hsfT)el called; most. of them really out of respect for. some of them very ordinary, and I don't sup pose they know how to get through any of the new style dances." .. i ,. do you object to, or "Which of the families is it the young folks- only, who are so object foryour eleetioato n if he could countenance such hauteur under een re-b- associa'w EXPONENT. : . Borne way whenever she was alone even for a and sad. The elder Mrs. Hamilton wa3 an observant person, and not being engrossed with care like the younger Mrs. H. had a good opportunity to notice the change in Emily's manner. "She was well aware of the cause, for she had seen much of life and could: weigh and balance character, was a good judge of appearances, and had seldom been deceived in her estimate few minutes, she felt gloomy , of people. She had looked upon Fred with suspicion from the first and felt sorry too, but Frank was ,so ingenuous and unsuspecting that he was likely enough to be deceived. Mr. Hsimilto n was so absorbed in his business that little time to spend at home, except to t . dllU is leep there; public duties occupied his eai tb.LUU fcV the entire exclusion almost of. domestic '' felicity. Christmas Eve came at last and with it. a heavy snow .storm; it had snowed ali day and the sleigh bells were jicgling merrily, the , , I , ; 