14 EXPONENT. .WOMAN'S worship.- The exercises to be rendered at these - The Sisters joined from the hymn, sident; 22nd Mary Jeremy, Counselor; Sugar, conferences are all sent to the President of the association, where the rnee'ting is to be held, and a complete programme is made out for the day, preventing tedious delays and loss of timer In all places we were cordially welcomed and hos pitably entertained by the officers and other kind sisters, and return h ome with the full assurance that the Primary cause is in a progressive condi tion in that part of the vineyard,and much credr is due those who labor incessantly with brain and body to accomplish the mighty work com menced in Zion. L House, Betsey Balwinklo, Secretary; Big Cottonwood, Emily Stevenson, President; South Cottonwood, Mary Raw insi President;: Draper, Mary Smith, Counselor; Union, Mary ""How firm a foundation. ' Elizabeth Howard felt we should be , CJ Lillie Freeze. eeivea .... Minutes of the conference of the Relief Society of. Tooele Stake, held in Grantsville, June 13, 1891. President Mary A. Hunter presiding. -- r TherwcrpreePtjOiithestand "O, happy souls who pray," etc. AposilerFrrrLymanTStake President H. S. Gowans, his Counselors Chas. L. Anderson A e , l T' "!: l 1 1 A Prayer - TL ... . frA UTAH - Stevenson. ; "O, ye mountains high," etc. e; - . tTAHiT ' t- rv nil K w.i . - i n .t -- - . -- 1 Ty V A ik n T3T J mary Association. The whispering of theSpirit to Sister Amelia Rogers of Farmington had J&SVtrtQ organize- - thaildfenit-'lrad'a-smal- l SALT LAKE STAKE. Quarterly Conference :of the Relief So ciety of Salt Lake Stake was held in the Assembly Rooms 14th ward of this City, Friday June l9th,.1891, Prest. M. I. Home presiding. Conference opened by singing, --T- he We thank thee O, God for a Prophet," etc. Prayer was offered by the Secretary zabeth Howard. Singing, Eli- "Now let us rejoice in the day of Salvation." etc. On the stand and platform" with" tile President M. Isabella Home, were Sisters El" mina S. Taylor, El i zabeth Webb M izaheth Stevenson, Sarah .M. Kimball, Maria W. JWUcQX; dents.- .' sn" Roll called 18 Presidents, 1 i Counselors, and 2 Secretaries responded. Minutes of the last Conference read and accepted. Prest. H attejadtajo "that were for their spiritual welfare. First ward S. L. City reported by Ann Young, Counselor; 2nd ward Ann McGre- -- hr Kut l Vi lor Pmc; dent; 5th Mary Buchanan, Counselor; 7th (Jnn ti the?-positi- Jmprnve-JnpeakiDg- t comedl those present lan d ex horted the sisters to diligence and faithfulness, cautioned them .to beware of carelessness and indifference in fr nr commencement,, but it had grown and in creased and become a success. Felt we must .. trust implicitly in the blessing of our Father in heaven upon all of our efiorts, and whatever we establish for mutual benefit. Lula Greene Richards, Treasurer 20th Ward, represented that society as being in good condition, though there had been a great deal of sickness during the winter. Sarah M. Kimball, gave some encouragement to the Secretaries, hoped they would and coinprehend theblessings of become more fully developed through the discipline of this important labor; gave some suggestive hints upon dress, thought we should make an l m prpvemen t in this regard benefit of lour HOT more complete activity of every organ of the human body. E. B.. Wells spoke of intellectual and spiritual development; urged the sisters to strive to on 1 I "RI i sr. ' Mary M Webb, Counselor; 10th Charlotte Fawcet t, Teacher; 11th Agnes Child, Teacher; 13th Louisa Spencer, Counselor; 14th M. W. Wilcox, President; 15th S. M. Kimball, President; 16th Diana Reid, President; 17th Emma Bull, Secretary; 18th Hannah M. Wright, Counselor; 19th Ann E. Neal, Pre and ana Snould tjuuuaiors; co-oper- n ate bors of the Society. Spoke of the high estimate the Prophet Joseph put upon the work of the sisters, and tliat he" organized it for a strength and help and blessing to women. She realized that women were coming on to a higher platform, thought their intellipenpft and ideas should be as great as those of men; and be interested in everything that is fcr the good of the community. Dr. Conger was accorded the privilege of addressing the . conference for about twenty ' minutes, on tne subject of health and how to secure this inestimable blessing. His remarks were good and his words and very well as as suggestive highly interesting. Conference adjourned for three months. Benediction by E. Singing. Doxoiogy. -- n, Webb.- E. Howard, Secretary. The quarterly conference of the Relief Society of" Box Elder Stake, convened in the Tabercacl e at Brigham City jn th qj Qfh.of, June. Pres. Olivia WioTerborg presiding. Singing, "Lord we come before; Thee now?" Prayer by Brother Crawford singing, "Come, come ye saints;"' roll called, minutes of previous conference read and approved. Annie Bowiing acting as Sec, pro tern. Pres. Widerborg:"Let us chase all care away while we are here, let U3 ask ourselves, what have I learned since last conference? 'How do we stand? The Lord is so anxious to bless us. God help" us : to trulyl treasure up knowledge, to love one another and fulfil the mission we ';r came here for." Sister Hubbard, Pres. Willard: "I am hann'v to meet with you; I need the spirit of the Lord to be with me every moment of my life; we re wordsT"of rnrnTnrFT w should have charity; I believe I kno w wbatr that means, let us strive to be one that we mav truly be the children of our Father in heaven. tcr ?ecu . Sister Albertsen, Pres. Bear River CiFy; " WeJeeljvelLiiLour ward , the Lord has blest us much, I feel the Gospel is as sweet Tto ine as. orbefniiJonEeIr owir voices, commencled the diligence and the i' it has always been," - liberality of the sisters, and referral tn t h f visit' of the Delegates to Washington and the gooii sue mooght would be derived therefrom as a step in advance. Helen M. Whitney expressed her grati- iuuc in uemg, ame once . more to attend -nferenceThllpoke" at some length faiifi" and prayer , and the blessings toupon be : obtained thereby; also spoke of her great desire to be of some use in the world, and to endure all trials even unto the patiently end; thought it necessary that we should be united in order to obtain wisdom and power to rise above earthly that we things should be humble and examine ourselves and exercise charity. well-chose- ome shere -' ucuuuiu . The .first speaker was Elvira Hirst. Presi- dent, Pleasant Green, who reported that branch, followed bv Jane Silcock. President. Riverton; Mary A. Mousley, President, Bluff-dalCharlotte Keilson, President, Hunter. These ' sisters gave good reports concerning their respective branches, and bore faithful testimonies to the truth of the uospel. Prest. Home snoke of the store established the sisters; had by hoped. to have a report of . .i tne , six months at the next conference; thought the sisters should take an interest in this home institution and give it their support and patronage, and have faith in its sue- cess; some of the greatest, achievements had - . fT1-ft'rf:VJ- journed for six months to be held in' Tooele City. : Singing, Tooele: of Salt Lake. Rioters Jane A. Richards and Bathsheba W. Smith, Counselors to Prest. Zina D. fl. Young. The time was spent in the morning by good instructions being given by Sisters Jane S. Richards and Batheba W. Smith. The attendance was not very good because of the prevailing dhease, diph- mena. .no rnaiary .association uonierenpe was held because of the above stated reason. Sunday afternoon Conference was continued and attended by. the same few who attended before. lhe Sisters again spoke in a very interesting manner. Apostle F. M. Lyman in his usual interesting way addressed the con " gregation. The officers ot the Relief Society were presented and sustained. Singing, and then the benediction was pronounced by Prest. Elizabeth Mrs. by tu we-ca- . TOOKLE STAKE. - s stand upon a platform of equal rights, we ought to understand the results and bearings of the different laws before teach these things. ' Prest. Home endorsed the remarks of Mrs. -Kimball and gave some specific instructions to the Relief Society in reference to their- duties, and urged them to make an effort to with them get younger women to . K. S. REPORTS. cau-tiou- about evil speaking and liberal in our feelings religiously and politically; in educating our children's religion should be the first consideration, the sisters should interest themselves more in study of politics. Mrs. Kimball made a few further remarks upon politics; thought we should educate our-- Ann Smart, Secretary; Mountain Dell, Mary Jane Dixon, President; candy, Harriet Wilson, Counselor; South Jordan, Ann Halt, President; Agne3 Cutler Treasurer; North Jordan, Emily Beckstead, Counwere reported in selor; those branches order and the members active good working c? and desirous of performing every duty devolving upon them in caring for the poor, attending to the eick and improving in spirit ual things. President Home made a few suggestive remarks and the meeting adjourned until 2 p.m. Singing; "Lord dismiss us with thy blessing." Benediction by! E. S. Taylor. Afternoon West-Jordan- in bister Booth, Pres. first ward Brie-haCitv: -it is our duty to meet- f tentog should encourage our young people to read Church history insteadj of novels; let us comforts and sustainonexanother.-and keen near unto the Lord." Sister Perry, Three Mile Creek: "lean say we are truly a band of.isters: I hone it may be our happy lot to be counted amoofr the faithful; our President, Jane Perry, is very sick, wnicn causes us to mourn. Sister Dewey. Pres. Dewevville: "Mv nraver to our Heavenly Father is that I may have wisdom to counsel and devise. I feel to say, God bless the Relief JSociety; I miss Sister Perry, she has , been so faithful. -- 