WOMAN'S EXPONENT. WOMAM'S SUFFRAGE State society that pays its fee into the national .and Miss Armstrong of the New Eugladd is entitled to throfl iIpIp. treasury unit ii n Club;' Fanny II. Kastall, of Illinois and rt.j The American Fork Woman's Suffrage additional one for every onehundred members Belva A Lockwood and Mary Ellen West, Association held a sueciaL mpptiif auu us paui up auxiliaries. members of the committee. vuuutaiceuuci) place on Wednesday Oct. 28th. Pres. Hannah' In the last annual convention, some thirty Lapish in the chair. Sarah M. Kimball, Ter. States and Territories were represented'" by a Pres., and Emily S. Richards, 1st. Vice Pres. hundred and twenty delegates controlling cue On motion of Miss West the Constitution of Salt Lake City, were in attendance. A hundred and eighty-twand we votes, was read and discussed section by section. As large number of members were present. The earnestly hope that all the forty-fou- r States adopted its pridcipal features are: Iu name is meeting house was tastefully decorated for the and six Territories, will be in tho The Federation of Woman's Press Clubs."; Its' represented occasion and , presented an elaborate pictu re convention. coming objects aro to bring into communication with of art and taste, amidst the portraits nf Mrs. As in December the 12th Congress to fit Mi relief tUa l.,k.. Cady Stanton,Miss Susan B. Anthonyat Mrs. which a will an, JiaYejn.adii rpeal "InloHerTbat they may compare methods of Kimball, Mrs. Lapish and Mrs. Evans, and assemble,jwjr, the Women of the en tiro nsitinn work.and he come mutually helpful: to elevate the stars and stripes floated upon every side.-T- he should concentrate their influence their on concerted best speakers in the Territory were demand more action respective representatives" the euch through press, philanthropic represented at the meeting, anil their reports earnestly than ever before a full recognition of as movements themselves command to the may of the. progress of the Association were very their a3 citizens of the United political rights Federation. No member is to hold more than encouraging Mrs. Greenhalgh a laborer for States. 'The necessary step to this Tend is the one office at a time, and no officer is eligible fifty years for the suffrage cause, said the submission by Congress of: a proposition for a for the same ofliffi mnrfl thfin nnA fprm. Tho... women should have equal rights with men,and JS Jthua mendmeiit JtcLlhstitiW'ustittitttOT aBWatTel'nijg "is "to be composed of the prohibiting the disfranchisement of citizens officers of the Federation and two delegates should fill. Utah women should ysoxk for in any State on account of sex. from each club belonging thereto. The presi- their rights for they of all women have more woman's fur Though hnt nf struggle emancipation freedom-tha- n any other women in the world. has been long and weary, yet her indomitable president of the Federation or a club may elect Sne said she was proud of the work done by determination to secure the of blessings liberty a The annual dues of the American Fork women. has ever made the struggle hopeful, and must auxiliaries are $10. Ter. Pres. Kimball, said she was a suffragist, make the end ' The election of officers followed. The triumphant. With woman's but not a lecturer. Was not an advocate for present position in the trades and. bal lot" res u ted : i ri bal he J of professions; wom'en's superiority but that women should with school suffrage in half the 'States of the nominating t. stand on equality with men. She then gave Union; municipal suffrage in Kansas, and full White, President, Mrs. Lincoln as vice Other officer were elected as follows: her ideas concerning the mission of women. suffrage in .Wyoming,. 'we' behold the dan of MrsJbU(Edhohtrt xiecia iuiiocK, -- county president, com- - a" brighter day "for the mothers of the race. recording secretary; Elizabeth Merritt Gosse mended the American upon ine discussion ot the great principles of of New Eugland,. corresponding secretary: the good work they are accomplishing. conscience and judgment in this republic, for Fanny II. Kastall of Illinois, treasurer, and Kichard3 said that women would the last half century, has given us a new type Belva A. Lockwood of the National Women's Emily make the best jurors, especially where women of womanhood, that can no longer be subordU Press Association, auditor. The election of are to be tried. She did not wishmen to think nated to the caprice and tvrannv of the Mrs. Lockwood was ratified by a rising that women wanted to rule, they only want powers that be, in either the church or the , -- - o -- . . !! ' vice-preside- nt. 1 presi-den- . Fork-Associati- on - Woman need not neglect her household duties while attending to politics. She thereby can make home all the more cheerful,-.3.:rrr'- .i " M Gar ff then favored the assemblage with the association's Sunday song, 'Equal Right's Bterner-se- aqual-righU-with-- the xi : Banner." "State; Let us, "then, with renewed hope and determination assemble in the coming -- and v6i6eiMake'6'uf' con-venti- ith-Tin- ited demands heard. ;,.' . Joanna Patten said if women had the - right to vote there would not be so many dens of iniquity to allure the young. Bishop Halliday then addressed the suffragists in his usual interesting and instructive' manner. He complimented the association upon the work they were doing. He claimed if the women were to receive the franchise and vote they would do much to suppress that is the evil of tnis place. He hoped the women would be successful in their atfempt. Msr. Stewart said the time-waat ourloor when the women would have the right of ' s franchise. ' z: Mary A. Evans sang the very interesting song, " Where is My Boy After which benediction was offered by Joanna Patten and the meeting was dismissed. To-night- ;" WASHINGTON CONVENTION. - Elizabeiui Cady Stanton, Pres. Susan B Anthon -- VHPresrr Lucy Stone, Cb. Ex. Com. Jane II. SpOFFOiib, Treasurer. - Rachel Foster Avery, Cor. Sec. Alice Stone Blackwell, Ilec Sec. FEDERATION OF WOMAN'S CLUBS. PRESS ' on The meeting took a recess until 2 p. m., at which time the Federation was called to order by Mrc" Lockwood "and Tliomlu the porning session were read for the information of the large number of press women present; -- Mrs, Colby" "and r'Miss rmstfong" were appointed to escort Mrs. Sallie Joy: Whtte to tho Chair, when she was introduced by Mrs. Lockwood as the nresideut of tho Mrs.- - White made a genial an$l -- Federation. effective add ressv She spoke ot the growing breadth of woman's work on the press which had been largely assisted by tho club3 which had this day joined hands in a Federation. Individual women had lacked nothing iu The Committee on Organization qL the earnestness, nothing in loyalty, nothing in Federation were called to order in the parlors devotion to their chosen profession which the of the Womans Journal, Boston, Mass., 'at 10.. world was now beginniiig to realize wa3 the a. sr., November 11 th, by the chuirman, Mrs. noblest that could be chosen by man or woman. Belva A. Lockwood. In the absence of the Before this last quarterof the century ,however, secretary of the committee, Mrs, McPherson, only a few exceptionaliqraen : had,:;beefi of Washington, wa3 appointed there is nowell conducted journalists; nra tern. The printed constitution was- - newspapej without women on its staff. Women distributed and it wa3 decided that this was are appreciated not onlv for their work, but provisional. Mrs Lcckwood read the report for their moral force, for the change in the oi worK aone Dy tne commiiiee wnicn naa moral atmosphere of offices where they are resulted in the auxiliaryship of the Woman's employed. The president then introduced Mrs. It. S. National Press Association, the New England Woman's Press Clubhand the Illinois and the Frost one of the lady managers for Pacific Coast Woman's Associations, with. the. gave, as a personal message from 'Airs. Palmer an urgent request for the coand Kansas nearprospecr becoming auxiliary. The chairman in her operation (of press women. The treasurer and auditor were then report stated that this meeting was not for the purpose of election of officers, but for conpresented to the meeting and responded briefly. ference, etc. To this Mi3j West obiecte .!. I Mrs Lockwood said that a lawyer was for gayingtbat the object of the meeting was to accustomed to be on the look-ou- t she would be most happy to keep complete tneorganizationtiirs.- - xCKwood the rack of treasurer. : Mrlr Lbckwoml was still earnestly supported her wiew of the case. Mrs." Sutherland Caroline S. Parks, Miss then thanked by a rising vote for her services Armstrong, and others of Boston, and Mrs.. a3 chairman of the committee on organization. Afterwards letters and reports were read RastalL of Chicago supported Mis3 West. It,was then asked that the rol!4a ealled,and it irons jeveral-o- r the btateslaTPof an interestwas found that the, persona present and ing character, which we shall publish hereafter entitled to vote were delegates, Mrs. McPherson The gathering dispersed with Uhe singing' of and Clara Bewick Colby, of the Woman's " Auld Lang Syne.' National tress Association: Helen M. Winslow 4 beautiful noon lunch was served by the -- to-da- y , . ' Massa-chusettsAw- The National American Woman Suffrage Association will hold its 24ih annual convention in Washington, D. C, 'January 17, 18, 19, 20, 1892. ; sessions, ' ; The executive as well as the . public meetings, will be held in the Church of Our Father, corner of L and 13 Streets. The morning session will be devoted to the discussion of resolutions, State reports, planT" election of officers. The e vening sessions will oe given to short addr&ses by speakers ' : specially invited. As only regularly accredited delegates can vote, it behooves all local and State societies to roll upas large a membership as possible and thu3 increase their representation.' Each :.- -- ho - delin-quencies,a- nd . -- 5 . 