110 The light is fading in the West the many tints of brightness have left the waving cloudlets, and now they nestle together like pure here before these young people. Let us speak of its principles. When he was called. b go soberly together and apart if needs be." out as a missionary his appointment wna a Edward Laselle looked like one amazed, he the New England States, and his inclination white-wingedoves upon the broad blue heaven. had also' risen to his feet when Mr. Vose had led hira to visit the scenes of his ; youth. So beautifully blue. The old year is dying, accosted him in that recriminating tone, in fact Mary his wife had been dead a number of ana visions ot the past rise before us, softened he had expected a scene of some fcort, though years, his daughters had kept house for him and mellowed by the idolizing touch of until he entered the house that evening he but they were all married now and he wa3 memory Years flow back full of voices knew not if Dorothy was living or dead, nor quite alone. eloquent and pathetic: pavilions and gravcs,pas-sage- s whether the place wa in possession of any he ... And so in the same old parlor Edward "and had formerly been acquainted with; but he Dorothy forgave each other "kissed and made ofdeepfceliugs strange and varied .. ! .1 earlands.broken rincs.vasea once had been gent out into the "New England 'Illleave tae rest to the reader's up;, we win iragrant wjthrttowers, hopes that failed, States to preach the Gospel, and his footsteps imagination and only tell them that this time buried expectations,and manyajoy-whcreo- n thajlhad JedhiniJthere theymarrledr and lDorothycon3oledl- herself.I memorial wreath is laid. These things bark The explanations that followed that nteht with the thought that had it not been for the of us known only to heaven; hejp to shape were satisfactory t?s far as was now possible. misunderstanding between them,Edward would our lives. Dear faces, the pressure of hands, Alone in the old familiar parlor where .they probably not have been a "Mormon," nor would, snatches of song, the light of long closed eyes, had sat many an evening in "the long ago," she-hahad the privilege of hearing ihe glad and the distant" raurmnr of solemn earnest though somewhat modernized ve And if she had -- not now, Edward . Ii r Ti.er U .. . I. I. i T,flCl!a Qnrl prayer. All these we treasure reverently. Oh ! rr!k nu uzi uiuiuLT letters, she would have allowed her brother ;a U riAf ,, ; e if r uu u iV . a a ri .J L : nwr (no ovnnla nf. Ko no es'ln il d ; . , experi-ences.wither- ed -- ve found-the-old-lo- TYa--- kwi I back unto us, like ships with which we parted by night, they will come back fairer than they went to anchorage. Here we watch and wait, while the years roll on and away with thisi life, giving soul cheering faith, when shall come the fulfillment of a hope founded on the immutable promises and boundless love of the Almighty Father, And the old conflicts shall pass away and disappear amid the everlasting light of a glorious jbay. h m howon v I . T L.M.H. - SOME OLD LOVE LETTERS. Conclu ded. something stronger - to lean" upon than these fragmentary discourses that have no soul in them, there is nothing Christ-lik- e about them," replied his sister.' Tlowmany sea in other lands were influenced about that period and since, by the Fpirit of the times; a forerunner of what was about to Thar very evening "after 'the"transpire, converlaiion" here related and other remarks upon the same subject, the creat the front door made a clanging sound echoing y old-fashion- .u.uuucc, uuu wuen me, door was two opened strangers in heavy overcoats and frostv beards announcing themselves as missionaries asked for a night's The were uotk?pt out in thelodging. cofd air seconds for this was a hospitable housemany and being a little distance from the town travelers often stopped for dinner or overnight. When tha gentlemen were ushered into the warm fiittingroom, they were kindly greeted by the b master and mistress es wpll-- amembers of the household and Mr. Vose in- - supper. Something in .the voice of the elder man sounded- - familiar to the host, and he said "Are you from a distance? you seem like a Western and he directed his glance to the firstman, but, speaker 13 uuuiueuiy eastern. Laelle tor n was he could no longer conceaf his , identity.no matter what r.-. miiiht receive: he had mmo nnfhnt0i . t f thinking after so many years, he might not be He replied to Mr. Vose, that he recognized. -- Bostoc; that m days gone by he :h ad been -quite a regular, visitor in this very house " And you comrherehow for shelter ami as missionary preaching the word of the Lnnl anerjne m7d - the confidence of finish the sentence llPT ,r fatit art A "u,u iuuii brother these ... uaui & me same li.trH 'ipriCAi mr mJe-r'Sr- 1. - . , . uo vaiu uwii I , uiiu-jcuc- C L.I 11 1 V l.t Wi .J 1 1 1 I 1 7i.:--r. 1 1 I L I I we 1 r"," "vrt :r:-:- j lllHITIPll .fln1 vv. I1IU cm. 17 A nuai, only add, that the Vose family gathered with the Saints along with many others from that vicinity. u AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF ELIZABETH BROTHERTON PRATT. I worked all summer on the farm planted, hoed and weeded, although 1J did not know a weed from a plant until Mr. Pratt showed me the difference. We were much in want of some articles of clothing. I had no shoes to wear, and I took some old cloth and made me S VT t&"hl?E tf her. It U the beginning of the fulfil men of T?i her dream; she was impressed with the testi- to her bv the Mormnn EM Pr n nH I J was no althoughthere the at time. prospect 8 was her brothei; they believed the truth as soon as it was made known to them. How ana.ne saia atter ward; that he could see no way that it would come true, but his words wondertul it all seemed! Had Mr. Laselle arrived at the house previous to the discovery were literally fulfilled. Ona of the Mormon Battalion of the letter he would, have been turned a boys disway covered gold while in California in the year without a hearing, but the finding of the 1848 and on the'r return to the ring City, the "news . and the letter had so softened the heart of suuu reacneo tne states, and- gold seekers Miss Dorothy, that she was willing to bury made ready their teams, chattels and goods, old grievances, andmake.himwelcome,It knowledge and wisdom they loaded " was not long before, all the household were Dot:aym?: too and had to throw out ready for baptism and as Aunt Dorothy theirheavily part of burdens the by dreamed so it came to pass that the ice was way. When the emireached here grants they traded with the cui up in tne woods between the big rocks and for people things there on a peacef ul Sabbath they needed and supplied one week our wants with morning from the date of their arrival the whole bacon and clothing, Voe borne of them groceries, staid with us through the baptized by Edward Laselle the toily wereElder winter. In this, we could see the hand of the The Elders had remained 'Mormon'; Lord. in, that vicinity during the week preaching March 9th 1 851 Mr. Pratt was every evening and expounding the doctrines appointed on amission to the Pacific Coast to organize ot the Xhurch as opportunities ofTered. There and set m order the Saints that had were several others besides the Vose gone family there not knowing who u tia u t, nr ot tnexhurch was organized. 4ocate,TThey-weiirthe shmBBoT:Iyn7I Before Edward Laselle left the au uim 10 oan Francisco, we traveled ; neighbor, m hood company with A. Lyman, and C. C. Kich sought an interview with Mis Dorothy Vose which she granted him he when they were goin2 to St. Bernard inn xvhh a company of Saints. After a tiresome . . . snr n traa "arvaoap ,z'i..tta' we arrived in San Francisco. Mr. journey ratt l remained v iiaiura nt bam n. tuure, and there, and rebaptized quite a number m about two months '.'"'"ij time. He then 0Q Ctlm fidence . mtPrtrioAxr Wmnted an Elder to preside and sailed to -l, QJkiH .Sept, 5th 1851; on Mlj grmed him in the old parlor another mission. I ther; rained m Californis. wifii f nnint hejphi the story of his life. employed me to do their family sewing which mony-born- S e -- . : " - : w .v rt -ji-u- wuuu3 - ..- te Id -- Vsc-P: conhdently believing her to be too f).roud t0 relent.or berchnp,, fl V notherr :he" May had asked T "c "is wueanH cKa Qn ' ,tra ?1DS tadons comnl Ai J: J , ..... III, .:. bro.ho fi,,i i,l iUUUU , , umu J ..vi icuLcr, luuugu nappenea out uiuuuuu mc uuuuru curi, XLiUWaru much more emotion than she did, and betrayed Mr. Vose was perhaps quite as much astonished as either. Mr. Laselle did not offer any solution of the unexplained mystery, nor did he ask if Miss Vose was still single, he seemed fearful of venturing upon untried ground; but Dorothy who had seen him in a dream inquired what his mission was, and what book he had under his arm when he came into the .room. Thus a conversation began that lasted for hours 'and was renewed again in the early morning. When Aunt Dorothy retired for tha she had much to reflect upon that was new to . Atchison Ivan. rtv fPw 1 , i j I V 1 MS,'" r V. V sfn liA 1 tr: 1 r. , ?ue5 - He returned in J-- v. f1 Church "' h and ever s uce fimAVThad been a firm believer and - T- - ril 9th 1853 at. thn corner stone of thp Tomu -- vu, uo m, out to Ohio. lhnrar hi iKoT T vu - left Pan" a ...v.--j iauv,in;u itUU VISllCU oernerdino and arrived at home Oct. we ' - .. 0fn .ou. va.ii Tt. xju.&q nand glorious time was ISTo ril 1854 "lIntedira--snd-mis- 3 Ka California. On the 5th of Mav f! 'reweli cm we bade to home and friends and nrri in 