WOMAN'S Sec. 4. Each club belonging to the Federa tion should be represented at the annual meet iDgs by their ..president and one delegate, who shall both be entitled to vote, and one of wbom shall present to the meeting a written report"bf club work. In the absence of any regular aeiegate.sucn delegate may be represented by an .alternate Hec 0. Members of clubs which have regularly entered the Federation may be present at any annual meeting 'and may . take -part in discussion uponall-measur- es brought suau notmiroauce motions or iorwaru, uui, vote. ARTICLE IV. CONDITIONS OF MEMBERSHIP. A woman's press club desiring to join the Federation should apply to the cor- t Sec. 1. jespnojng secma to her a copy ot its constitution also a sketch of its history. ' and Sec. 2. The secretary of the Federation shall present the name and the credentials of the club to the executive committee. By vote of the executive committee a club, may be elected a member of the Federation of women's clubs. On admission of members &nd other important business a vote yby mail may be taken when considered necessary. by the r general officers. Sec. 3. A club in order to be eligible to mem bersh ip in ihe Women's International Press Federation must' possess the following qualification?,: First, a constitution which shall show by its plan of work that it is a press club and not purely a literary association; and second, a record of not less than one year of organized club life. llIj should send by-law- s, -- " -- , ARTICLE V. MEETING3 AND DUES. Sec. 1. The meetings of the federation shall be held annually time and place to be decided upon by the executive committee. Sec 2 The annual dues of each club shall be $10, payable at the annual meetings. ARTICLE VL AMENDMENTS. This constitution may be amended at anv annual meeting ot the Federation by a two- thirds vote of the members present, the proposed amendment having been (approved by the executive committee, and notice of the same appended to the call for the meeting. . SALT LAKE EXPONENT, 143 places of men, but in their having equal pay . hand. Louisville js quiet enough on the more ior equal worK. Uur husbands, sons, brothers, retired streets at; that hour for one to and fathers. Pave US thfi frnnfbiiA .hpfara. I that Kiirh an errand mifrlif rmoa nnrot-wo,- hope when we had it, and we have faith to believe She wa3 then a tall, angular girl of fourteen, that we will have it agaihT df gperately shy and conscious of her dres3 and Elizabeth Paul said she had always been a hat, and when1 she" saw coming around-th- e suffragist at heart, and had noticed in her corner one ; of the local young swells, she - ch i Id h ood th e d i fferen ce i a- th rea t men t r of made 'a dash in the other direction,-but-like-swlittle boys and girls, .and thought much Kitty of Coleiaiue,her foot' tripped, she on home the depended training. Had always stumbled, the pitcher it tumbled. The availed herself of the privilege of voting, as? man4 gave one irrepressible laugh, andyoung next long as" she had the right,"" and "would rejoice! moment rah forward and picked up the red;1 wnensne naa n again. wreicnea anu aiscomniea maiaen, who Hung Margaret Mitchell thought that the mothers away from his inquiries and offers of assistance should be as free as the fathers, as a' slave and ran home in tears. Twelve or more mother was not a pleasant sight. Women were years later, when the provincial swell had be , naturally just, as well a3 naturally virtuous." come a celebrated journalist, he was bidden to We should riot treat oujsojisjta .a'reception in hanar.jof . the youn giactrcss - who a bad;: conquered all the English-speakin- g daughterCTry and our felt and future, position, ing present people. When, he was presented she held out that we were moved upon by the same Spirit' lier hand impulsively and cried: 'Tbave wait- that inspired the founders of this great ed for this, twelve years; it is one of my government, under which we live. triumphs." Then, to his puzzled inquiries, she Elizabeth McFarlanc made: a stirring speech, replied: "Do . you remember the little and read a beautiful poem, illustrating who fell down in Louisville one evening? girl I; woman's devotion in times of war. Said that suppose not; but I went home and cried all! we must assert our rights, and ice would get the night, as only a girl of that age can weep them. Equal rights should be our ; motto. over a goucheric I knew you by sight and ' There"are men among us to day who are as reputation,;and thought you a very splendid anxious to see women have the ballot,- as person, and I vowed then thronghmy tears : -.: we.are.to.-- h aveiL-- that I: would: some for : Pres. Howard announced that as we1 were that laugh by becoming famous enough to having a new Suffrage song book prepared, make you feel it an honor to meet me. And we would probably have some music at I have never forgotten the episode, because our next meeting, also have a .more it was the first step Imade on the road 1 ' ; commodious place to meet in. Adjourned have since traveled." : h :? :? to the President. is call of r Potter a native of New subject Orleans,' C. C. Ra LEiGiij Sec.:'. h avingbeen born there abou t thirty years ago. She came of a family that had long been wealthy and prominent in the South, and like ! r . " - e-- 1 ! i -- , J : - - - rr ; -- , . Mrs - .. , FAMOUS BEAUTIES. Two women whose prominent positions upon the stage have made their beauty of world-widfame, are' Ma"ry"r. Anderson, and Cora Urqu hart Potter, bw ho. are both . tHst tinctively American in f their type,f though in featu re.r Both very are tall, exquisitely slim, with faces of a flower-lik- e softness and delicacy, and with a certain air of fine, keen brilliance and vivacity that is seen in the faces of no other, type. They both have Scotch blood in their veius V ofikT-lineanotHef: of the Lowland Scotch and the Celtic Highlander, from which -- latter Minutes of meeting of the Salt Lake Co. Woman's Suffrage Association, held at the 14th Ward R. S. Hall, Feb. 17th, 1891. i Called to order by Pres. Elizabeth Howard. Prayer by M. Isabella Home Minutes of last meeting read and approved v Names of 65 ladies who wished to become members of the Association, were presented " and voted in. s The and regulations of the Association were read by the Secretary. Pres. Elizabeth Howard made some remarks upon the purity of elections and thought that women who were rearing sons to ' vote, should themselves be voters- - The Mormons had been charged, with disloyalty, but we know that the charge h false. Read an extract-froa paper presented at the Woman's National Council, advocating the adoption of the Golden Rule in our Associations. M. Isabella Home said she had always been a suffragist, and believed that in the beginning men and women were born equal, butjthat since the fall,man had not only exercised the authority given him over women, but had usurped some. Society needs: reforming and purifying, and very much depends upon the mothers. Thought that the same purity of "character "shoiild" br required" of rmeharof omen;' do not b elieve in, women taking the ; . by-law- - - Miss Mr8. Potter's being CO. W. S. A. eet : she inherited her splendid red hair. Miss Anderson is a Californian by birth, her descent being German and Scotch. From her: birth all she wa3 beautiful, assort of Watteau-baby- , pink and white and gold. As she passed from .ndersongrew up suddenly into an ugly, awkward girl, who matured into great beauty. She had always a mass of brilliant, red bronze hair, long, fine dark eyes, andikin of exquisite delicacy, aad a beautifully modeled face, which tQ this day hasnever lost one of its. rounded, childlike are perfect, and h"er smile peculiarly sweet and beguiling.' She was nursed in her babyhood by a negro mammy, waited upon in childhood by troopsf of small darkies,- lived the life of the average Louisiana child; which means exis'tence'out of ' doors for the bel ter part of the entire year.' : and beingW fed upon fruit and sucr-nanflQ Vhen the lean girl was suddenly meta' morphosed into a tall maid, slim knd supple as a serpent, crowned with" a mass of ruofdy locks, and ' dowered with an unalterable determination to have her own way, older people fwagged" their Iheads wisely and eou - t ) A , " pracIarlye childhood jogirjhojo to her present height, and, like all age she married J ames Brown Potter, " a member of the aristocratic Ke York family girls, wa3 for a time lean, awkward and ihat had given two bishops to the diocese, and But, as the roundness of womanhad a career of unexampled social success in hood came, and with it grace and her baby beauty all reappeared, and a city where such careers are not common at sixteen, America awoke to the . fact that without' great r wealth :to back them. She "there haofappeared on the stage a woman organized and xle veldped amatiiir theatricals destined to be famous for her beauty as well to a point they have never before or since as" her ark ; Mary Andersoa wa3 bdru in attained, arid finally deserted her social world for a 'professional career. She has one Sacramento in 1859, and removed to Louis' daughter, eight or nine years of age, who ville, Kentucky, while still a small; child,, remaining there until her sixteenth yeari when inherits much1 of her mother's beauty and she made her first appearance on the stage emotional temperament, and who lives with her in xAJbauch's Opera House, playing for one father, seeing her other parent nly at rare night onhrin "Romeo and Juiiet,"to a r busi :intervals;;7hateTermay;be;tteverdict as to Mrs. ' Potter's ability as an actress, : about her dollars: Her next appearance ness of wa! In New Orleans,' and the rest - of her yery wonderful beauty there can be no two ' ' ."; opinions.'.' career is well know tojhe public. Mrs. Potter has created- many a stir in charming story is told of Mary Anderson's non h vero je ben fashionable circles both at home' and abroad, girlhood in Kentucky not pnly by the beauty of her face, but the trovato. ' Her parents were not rich at the time, and she sometimes went on errands that graciousness of her manner. a3 well. Her should have been the duty of the. servants. strong position a3 a society belle enabled her to take an 4ntleperrdentstandonJ raatteraof OQeevniDgjiiaXatdnsk""herrsirgh old hat and ran without, a pitcher in ' her fashion, particularly in expressing her fond- over-grow- n un-beautif- self-confidenc- -- ul. e, ; - : -- - forty-eigh- t - : : - -A e : ' 