exponent; WOMAN'S 124 Wo Exi ONENT. 'S EMMEUKE l'ablished scmi-;nonlhl- like. ' Editor. D. WELLS, la Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: y, one copy six months, CO eta. No reduction mads for clubs. City papers dclirt-raby mail, extra for postage one year, 23 cts. Advertising rates: Each square, ten Mines of nonpareil epace, one timo, ?2.W; month, S2.0Q. A liberal discount Rio copy one year, that has been'writlen about patriarchs, and such ?1.G0; d ' r to regrular advertisers ' Exponent officeNo. 2I E., South Temple Strcet.'second ss hours fron 10 a.ra gate east' of Descret News to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to V '"' ' Office,-Busine- rCBLISIIElT WOMAN'S XXTONENT," Salt Lakh City. Utah. Entered at ike Fast Office in Salt lake City, Utah, 'as Second Gent Matter. ' , . "All that was sweet and sacred and beautiful withered out of the home touched by polygamy, ' all except "mother." The home she speaks of is the home which the Edmunds' law has destroyed. In the homes of father where the plural wives formerly could in other days meet with his family from time to' time and be recognized by the wife and children as husband and father, there can be no father. now because the law has dealt with these households by its most positive methods. There fore though the father l is not 'a cipher," as she says, be cannot be in the true, sense of the word "the patriarch" with his large family around him, as was the case previous to the enactment and enforcement of the laws which forbid sach-ass- o XialionZilf sZMajorea MORMON WIVES AND MOTHERS. ; ... . Zina) as she is lovingly called, assembled at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Dcugall, on Saturday, January, "31st, 1891, to celebrate the seventieth birthday of that honored lady and mother in Israel The sisters many of them gathered about 4 p. m. in Sister Dougall's elegant parjors and greeted with congratulations and good wishesthe venerable lady, who on that day attained the age f re . VM. r rc r( t K r f(nr infl tan . uiioovM iu uiaviv own her enough to ask a plural wife.if she does not husband.she will tell you in very plain terms that she does not hanker after his society in the least." has for authority on this subject r Who we cannot say, but some of us who are in posses sion of fads are prepareM to refute this assertion, and to say there are no women on the earth anywhere that have more love or reverence, for the husband (to whom they are united by the most solemn covenants not only for time but for all eternity), than these plural wives: some of these wives of whom she speaks so coldly are hiding sunder this cold placid exterior" broken hearts, not because of the practise of plural marriage, but because of the cruet separations caused by this ..same Am f. spoken of heretofore. Some have gone down to" the graye lonely and sorrowing. Others we grant are making the best of the situation, and do not sit bemoaning their "One would think that a man with six wives but cheerfully perform the duties of would be apt to have his head so turned with unhappy fate, father and mother both to the best of their ability. flnftirv f hat n - are strong- u'hatmanyTJMormon'i--womvisibly-swoll- en ' othtngsiartlierTtrolmthe" and minded s true, that they are truth. One meekvlittle Gentile wife, with her -- - :. .uht...ltiimiv--tfwBif-fKmM4i-Ut-'.'i,'ii- ' e -- ; self-contain- ed Jndczndent .)iM band's wonderful abilities, can do more toward turning a fellow's head than all the plural wives in Christendom. "Talk of strong minded iema'es and "the lady bachelors of America' there does not live so and coldly independent a creature as a Mormon plural wife. Nor do they hesitate to speak in terms of unmeasured contempt of women who make an unreserved surrender of thought to their husbands that surrender of thought that comes from a mutual and happy confidence. self-contain- ed ,r:lAjlural or plans. i , ' ....... mrusi out t . ; ..-- ana tne key turned on him forever,; a husband is a necessary evil, nothing more. If you are simple enough to ask, a plural wife if she does not miss her husband, she will uniu ne is " There are sanctuaries into which he teiry6u1nWry"pK hanker after his society in the least. Thus, ' ; " The mi'.ls of the gods grind slowly; Cut they griad exceeding small. " ."But toward her children the plural wife shows unstinted love and devotion, The Mormon son's remarks concerning "father" are extremely lira. ited, but his mother is the subject of frequent and loving mention. You see, the children could vneYer.bfi sure. that ...papa" would beJiome, 'at "tea time, so it wasn't much use depending-ohim, "Father" might be on a mission, but mother was always ready to supply, the needs of childish . - n r- - So, againthe ilormoriierjsa ripheHnjher . r jpolyga temperaments among women in the J'Mormon" Church as elsewhere. "Mormon" women are bearing the; heavy burdens brought upon thern by "the strong arm of the law" bravely. They are submitting to the conditions, the government has imposed upon them heroically, but they are not accepting, nor arc they likely tc, the shelter of the Industrial Home such protection would be most humiiiat- ing. The women of the world however bright and intelligent they" may be are not competent iudcres of "Mormon" women. Thev have a solar w a hope in the religion they have embraced that "the world knows not of," this is what supports them under tiials, and in the midst of illfiTcullie into settled melancholy or despair. The mother makes the home, the world over, and if plural vyives are better qualified to guard' JJ!ejnieresAs the children than others, then they are a step in advance, and now did it come about, except the cultivation of those higher qualities through ' of the head and heart that lift women to a broader plane, where she is not totally dependent, but is able to stand alone, if need be. True love makes women strong not weak, and the strongest minded women are capable of the deepest and . most arde nt love, just as the strongest and bravest men are the most tender and lovabl . ...... -- -- hearts."-- ; but there are as many different dispositions and THREE SCORE AND TEN. !S2i.-iS. 9r. ZINA D. H. YOUNG. - A few out of the multitude of friend. nffA, I ni' WCV.K One rather pretty feature of the party was the souvenirs which had been prepared for the occa- d in flowers anasomcloutjie r r a iirif srivinul ifti(iii aCWUVW) IIHU Cl V IU(t Tl JW ill side, and tied at the corner with a bow of white Mi MV4 cards-painte- y AAA . m Vi ' ribbon. Mrs.-Majo- The following extracts are from The Answer, published in Detroit, Michigan, a very ably edited The journal devoted to literary cultivation. article referred to is entitled "Salt Lake Snatches" and has been written by Mrs. Mary Grant Major, who is spending the Winter in this City. The lady is very pleasing and amiable, and we cannot believe would wish to make any misrepresentation, but when she affirms in her letter to Iht 'A nsitvr, that "all that is sweet and sacred and beautiful withered out of the home, etc., all except mother," we must in justice to the "Mor- mon women whom we represent ugh our this of hers. paper, qualify saying a , and sleeves, and wore a cap of soft bh k lace. Her complexion was 'as bright as that 01 a young woman, and there is scarcely a sign of gray among the soft brown hair,which she still wears in the old style combed plain and put behind her reiffipICTon in1 miss -- nim ubiuij-iolv- . - . Dear Friends and kindred wlio're assembled here, I greet you lovingly,' this day of days; Congratulate me on my seventieth year, And give our Heavenly Father all the praise, Kejoice with me that life has been so sweet. And all its joys "and blessings so complete. These little remembrances of the day were handed round by Sister Young on a silver tray, each of the ladies selected the one she liked best, wenriniT it as a. h.idrp .. v thav a j 'th v rrmainrlpr nf f evening. Delicious refreshments were daintily served to the guests and later on in the evening there was music and singing; Bishop Whitney sang some songs which delighted the company very much indeed, and added greatly to the Mrs. Hattie II. Young rendered some exquisite instrumental music in the very best style, (she is a fine performer on the DianoVand son of the host and : hostess, .young few also gave a choice selections that were we'd executed. Music adds greatly" to the eniovment j is of such an occasion; in jfact an evening party hardly complete without it. A poem composed by Mrs. Emily H. Wood- mansee, and which .we give here in full, was read, and also a prose article in honor of Sister Zina's utttumui uuiiiyuacu duu icau uy ousa. Y. Gates. Sister Young then gave an impromptu address of welcome and appreciation for the n9n,or bestowed by her kindred and friends, and" expressed herself as unworthy of such an ova- old-fashion- ed jlr.-.Dougal- l, mk-HU- ii, tion. Richards jniew weiy marks, referred to the noble work done by Sister Zina and also Sister Eliza with whom, she had been many years associated, and whom she suc ceeded in the office of .President of the Relief Society of the Church. His speech was rich in praise of these eminent ladies and others who 4PPltl?:F--- D. -- Iiaveendered in -- - fact to all the women of Zion, who have been faithful in the Society. , I Pres. George Q Cannon addressed the. com- pany briefly, commending the efforts of the women of Zion, and contrasting the present circumstances and surroundings of this people with the hardships and privations many had endured in the past; said prosperity would increase with the Saints in these valleys, and also referred to the great future when we shall have passed into the exaltation prepared for the faithful. His remarks were very comforting to those who have endured much and made great sacrifices for the Gospel. About eleven o'clock the company dispersed having spent a charming evening socially, one longo be remembered by all present. 1S. birthday 01 Mrs. . t. "c V t , 