W OM A N 138 - during His short career on earth. So also, do the persecutions brought to bear upon many of the mothers in Israel today, cause the mind to revert to the trials, inconveniences and sorrows to which the mother of Jesus was subjected. Joseph, the husband of Mary, was warned to take the young child, Jesus, and His mother into Egypt. The servants and handmaidens of the Lord are also warned in these da3, to flee from place to place, to es- cape the cruel tics of the enemies of righteous ' - Another similarity h, that instead of talking about her affairs, Mary "kept all these things, aod pondered - them in her heart." The same things are adhered to by many mothers among our people today. How they should rejoice in the - m'u t of a I t h erlriah t h ey are passing th rou gh 17 Noble and choice spirits have been reserved to come forth in these latter days; how every mother cihould sanctify herself before the Lord and patiently await His mandates, as did Mary, the mother of Jesus. L. L. G. Richards. ' Salt Lake City, Jan. 1888. 1 - 1 , SHOULD ALL WOMEN MARRY? s -- - - - to inaKe a possible stay of years. long-contemplate- It . . d 5 J o trip abroad and not my purpose now to dwell on the and unpleasant aspects of this case, the inexpressible vulgarity of this chatter and assumption of knowledge of other people's affairs, or of the wicked invention of facts to sustain theories when subsequent events do not carry out previous assertions; AIL these things are within the personal knowledge of every one of us, and: are, indeed, matters of daily occurrence. Each one wilt be able to figure to him or herself the .ominous looks, the shakes of the head, the ..fears, and : the additional inventions which- - followed the subsidence of social relations into their accustomed grooves, the retirement oTthe young lady and her mother into their quiet nfe, her assiduous application, and the departure ,of her supposed fiance for foreign heart-burning- is s .per-son- il lauds. v- - ; :;. , a matter of fact the majority do marry, and in this world probably always will; for its marriage- - more or primary conditions-rende- r less of a necessity. But it is less so to the educated woman than to her more dependent sister, and it i3 tess so for companionship and social needs than formerly. .The strong remaining inducement 'is the building up "of family interests and associations, that provision for the hunger of the heart in old age, which onlyrchildren and theirgrowing life i and love can supply. ; -is Apart from this there now every inducement for young women as well as young men, who are sufficient .unto themselves,, to remain single. Tho world has become their oyster as welLas that of man. It is as secure .under for men ordinarycircumstances wealth rlrholdsToF of knowledge, its high honors as the result of patient research and endeavor. Jt is no longer obligatory upon a" woman to jrive herself to one man to save herself from, being torn to The world has its pieces by " the rest. marauders, but they work more by tongue than by hand, and they retire behind closed doors at the first sniff of danger. Doubtless wo men are still . subjected, very largely, to the power of men; but the wills of men are bent less in the direction of marriage than formerly, and the will of the woman is .bent more frequently against. it. The woman is growing into a dual personage. To her she is adding some manly attri butes: strength of purpose, and is that persistent energy which the result of the exercise and useful employment of faculty. If such women marry, they must share life on equal terms with their husbands, and there are men who are good enough and great enough to be thankful for such equal companionship. But it is not necessary to say that the maj or ity r have not reached that point, and it is better for the woman who is able to ordeTher own life and live it in accordance with the. dictates of her own conscience, to do al n sPecIally desire to ask is this: Whr uC cAjpecieu io marry?. As delegated, her strength expended, her influence must be dissipated and measurably impaired. work in the home, the ex- Outside of-h- er ercise and experiences of the marrietl woman who is the household head of a. family" should ':, be socially, mentally, and physically recreative and stimulating, calculated to enlarge her perceptions, widen her knowledge, keep her informed as to the doings, and in rapport with the thought" of the rpt: of the world. Probably the secret of the growth of the Woman's Club is that it performs exactly, this office for woman. This is, however, a the resource for the unmarried a3 well as the married woman; and while to one it furnishes mental refreshment, to the other, who perhaps it brings rest and comlives by brain-woris too full and too many- panionship. Life sldeHlu foFahy intelligent woman to be content in one narrow groove, and the best modern manifestation of the freer life is the power to choose the field in which her energies shall be expanded without being placed under a ban-- But the woman who marries should do ' it as " unto the Lord, making that her ministry, without reference to what she has married, for marriage is not primarily or solely '. for the happiness of the individual, though this is often ennaneed, but for-th- e preservation and growth of the race. ' : ( home-makin- g k, frfheas - . will-compelli- A few months ago a young woman became engaged to be married to a gentleman in whose family were two brothers, both : eH men. but no sisters. Her own immediate family, consisted of her mother and one sister; her father was dead, and she had no brothers. Naturally, during the weeks of visiting and gayety that preceded the wedding, the sister of the engaged young lady and the brothers of the engaged young man were thrown much together. Theatre parties and dinner parties, receptions, and afternoon teas were of constant occurrenceand one or other of the brothers 'offered Ms' services 'a?. escort than sufficient to set the tongues of rgosaips" going. Smiles, winks, and nods were exchanged wlienever and .whe wero not engaged appeared, the young lady was congratulated in advance, and the "luck" of the girls in finding ready made husbands in a daughterly family freely and audibly commented upon. .. All this time the facts were the farthest possible from justifying the inferences drawn by the vulgar and mischievous busybodies. The young lady, whom they took it for granted was ready to pounce upon the v first man who presented himself, wa3 a serious minded girl with a distinct purpose in her life, and with her plans laid for steadfast effort towards its fulfilment The" young man, on the. contrary, to whom she was go summarily a.ned, was somewhat cvnieal. iniisnosed to marryiii41yi t .." 'SEX PON ENT .... Jenny June. A ZULU WOMAN'S MANSIONV ess The Zulu woman is the architect and builder of the Zulu house, and the style of architecture is known in the colonies a3 "wattle and daub." It looks like an exaggerated, beehiv6,for the Zulu mind has this peculiarity, that it cannot grasp the ideas of anything that is not.round or elliptical in form. There are no squares in nature. To build her house, the : woman traces a circle on the ground fourteen feet in diameter, and getting a number of long, limber branches, she sticks them firmly into the ground ami then bend3 thelopr over; andnies'th'emthfiterebTatn from the numerous creepers or s "monkey ropes." Then she twines thicker creepers In and out of these sticks, all around the circle of spaces,about twelve inches apart-,- and then taking wattle (a kind of coarse grass or reed)' she thatches the edifice, leaving a small hole at the top for a chimney, and another hole three,feet square for a door. In front of this she builds a covered way, extending outward about three feet, and the exterior of the house is finished by a coat of "daub" or mud. She then seeks the jiesi of the white ant, andr-dig- ging theni up, obtains a quantity of white self-relianc- e, " than- - tsubjeot-herself-to- -a -l- ower will, and be its strugglbg or quiescent victim 4t-alon- through all the years of her existence. There are women as well as men, to whom marriage is not only not a necessity, it is. not congenial.' They have gifts and capacities which they desire to cultivate and exercise. The serious pursuit.of any art or industry is incompatible with the faithful performance of the usual duties' of wife and mother. This is the serious utterance and conviction of .one who has tried conscientiously to unite the two. Of course there are circumstances absence of phildreu, leisure," a favoring atmosphere whicK may promote .latent tendencies, or dis- - -- " - , V JBHJiJSB and exercise after development marriage; but these are exceptions. There are: also cases, as before mentioned, where men and women, in all integrity of motive, may unite their lives upon an' equal footing, and spend them in fellowship .and mutual helpfulness as blissful as any conditions may be on this earth v r: ; " But we all know that these; are not ' the .usual terms upon which men and women J marry, That the woman' relinquishes ' her opportunities, and takes upon herself certain duties when she binds herself to the man; and that whatever becomes of her duty as'wife, : nature itself com pels her to realize her obligation i'M4 :h inclination on the' aftar of sacrifice. This obligation isand should be, imperative. Family life is the sacred out-- 1 growth of the marriage relation it is the social existence; "the Igdrasil of our under' whose wide and constantly-spreadin- g sanctuary branches all virtues should find sustenance and nurture. This can only be with the wise and true wife and mAtk., . 3 , . .1 ; """'MU ; t : J?0ij -- " clay, which she beats to, po wder? jd ries, and then mixing it withaterjkneads it 'until it is quite smooth. This" she spreads all over the ground inside the hut, and beats it carefully until it is quite hard and free from cracks. This floor ' a good housewife will scour twice a day with sm66th8t6ne"uhtil it is like & piece of polished marble, The fireplace js near the door, and is simply a ring of this clay to confine the embers in one place. The other necessaries found in a hut are a bundle of spear shafts, some tobacco drying and several bunches of millet hanging from the roof. Grouped around the walls are the three amasi (a species of sour milk) jars, the native beer jars and open jars holding gfaiii. Of course the dense wood smoke rising coats the Toof,millet,andrtobaeeo with soot, and long fingers" of it hang in every direction; but the floor will be clean enough to eat on, and as long as that is so the social Mrs. Grundy of Zulu is -- satisfied .Ladies1 Home . y r Journal.: JGLcdjceacKea hands. x : ' i 