72 IV AND-NURSIN- G. For the past fifteen, years 'Dr. Ellis R. Shipp has taught two, classes yearly in Obstetrics and Nursing, and her students have gone to -- all parts of Utah pn their missions of usefajf-ncs- s and good works. The members of her last classes who have passed successful exaraina-tionand received certificates of efficiency are Mrs. Clara Kofibrd.Mt. Pleasant; Mrs. Era ma Green, and Miss Hattio Richards, Salt Lake City; Miss Eliza Thackeray, Croyden; Miss Susannah Hunsaker, Ilonejville: Mrs. Abba ''Stephens, Mrs Emma Bumham, Mrs. Abba S. Young, and Miss Mary A. Burhhara, New Mexico; MiW Emma Kofod, Levan; Mrs. 3 j j KX P ON EN T a picture, giving it Mjrngth and Bruyere. ! OBSTETRICS N is - ()M A And may we all be as energetic in the performance of our ' ' ? duties as oir sister was. Anna RasmUssen, Pres. brauty. . Use your gentIest.voice at home. Watch it dav bv dav as a nearFof great price: for it will be worth more in days to come than the pearl hid in the sea. A kind voice is joy, like a lark's song, to a hearth at home. It is a light that sings as well as shines.- Elihu - Burritt. And yet, in spite of this universal world which we see, there is another world quite as far spreading, quite as close to us, and more wonderful; another world all around us, though we see it not; and more wonderful than the world we see, for this reason, other, CamillaUanielson, that we do not see it. All around us are Killpack; Mill Creek; Mrs. Artemesia Ander- numberless objects, coming-angoing, watch y Mrs. Miss Susan and Jane Faux, Moroni; son, Ins, working, or waiting, which we see not A. Yates, Scipio; Mrs. Allie Young. Rabbit John Henry Newman. v alley. f Ladies desiring to join these classes will do Hyrum-.Mrs.-Penelop- if-for-- no ' Q.JUXUAR1ESL well wemmmraicate ithiJntj.'nboipp either personally or by letter at No. 34 South, East St. Salt Lake City. Resolutions of Respect. an editorial on the women voters of Boston, says that from present- indications the woman's vote will The Voice, in i - the balance of power in the coming school election. ' ' . . ..." v' ,: . . . The ladies upon the Missouri State - Board of Commissioners of the World's Fair have asked for $25,000 of the. appropriation made nv me Xjegiaiaiure, to ue appiieu in me t . rni i women s uepariraenis. ne supposition is mat the request will be granted, as the Com- raissioners tavor the propisition. . . . . To the memory of our esteemed sister, Elizabeth Sab in, by the sisters of the Relief Society of PaysonW ard, She was born May 31, 1 8 ii. was baptized in the year 1842, emigrated to Utah 1850, and died Aug. 16, .1891 Aged eighty years, two months and fifteen days. "HShe was an active member of our Society, and untiring in attending and blessing iheickn afTectibliate wife and kind mother, and, VVTjereas, our Heavenly Father has seen fit to call away our beloved sister, - Be it resolved that her goodness and faith- j NOTES AND NEWS. Wom-trC- Hannah Larson, Counselors. . .Ihsenjs Jto his native homeland will remain six muoths, .either in the northern part of Scandinavia or TilAbblt I. oHIPr1 Will commence another class in and Nursing, Obsteirics ON UK. L- Monday, October lOtli, lOOl, AT HER OFFICE, No. 18 S. MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY. THE WOMAN S V TRIBUNE, Edited and published weekly at Washington, D. C, by Clara Bewick Colby. Price, $1.00 a year. Trial Subscriptions, five ..weex4or, JjQ cenia.. , The Woman's Journal, of Boston, and the Woman's Tri C will be sent to one adbune, of Washington, dress for $3.00 per year." 324, 825 Third Floor, Constitution U0JJR8.8 to 10 a. m., 4 to 6 p. m. OFFICE. wc-eslee- m , ' fulness Resolved that we extend our sympathy to the family of ' (he deceased. Resolved that these resolutions be entered on the record ! of the Society.also a copy sent to the bereaved family, and printed in the Woman's Exponent. . M. A. Hardy, Ann Pickering, " ' ARTEMISIA" wiOTET Committee Building y , . VAN. M. I). MRS. M. Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI-- POISE WAISTS, ETC. iriaklnir In all its branches, Itlllltnery, lates styles. Hats and Uonneta cleaned and retrimmedt Feathers curled, etc. Stamping: done to order. But. tons covered while you wait, isnriai sniw a specialty. TST TP FIIIST SOUTH STREET, Q Hi. N U. IJO Three doors west of Theatre. Dresfl Mr ,5 at a Danish watering nlace. It is scar.cfilv.ex-- . . . I I .....Ml l ... peciea xnai ne win return io iuunicn, dui T the : memory of Mam- - i . Jenson. Deceased was born Marh 12. 1855, emigrated to Utah in the year 1872; that, on his return to Germany, he will take died in Salt Lake City, the nth day of August 1891, leavup his residence in Dresden, with a husband and six 1 1 ' . JkW . ? 1 - . I . Probably most people wonld be surprised to learn' that there is a spot in Africa where women have even limited suffrage, but under the government of the Cape of Good Hope,which rules several- - hundred thoiisand v square mjles of territory, women have municipal suffrage. Boston Daily Journal. . ing mourn her loss. r. a host of friends to children, I - IT IS NOT DEATH BUT SLEEP. 26,28,30and32 East 1st SontliSt, SALT LAKE CITY- - : ' Sister, Maria Jenson has been a member of the Relief Society of the Second Ward otthis City since the year 1884; and has labored faithfully as' a teacher of the same for a number of years, and we deeply mourn the loss of a '. loving sister, a kind and tender mother, and a true wife and Latter-da- y Saint; always gentle and kind ever striving' to make peace and good-wi- ll among all with whom she was feel to unite with, and we called g to value her memory the sisters of the. Relief Society of the Second Ward, of S. L. City, and to say may God bless her husband and family who are thus bereft of her society and may we feel that all is well with the loved one who has gone, and perhaps she may be a stronger link in the chain that binds us to our Father in heaven. Sarah E. Mitchell. Sec. The spot which was selected for Lowell's grave, and which, it i3 understood, was of his own choosing, is under two large horn-beatrees one of which is directly at the foot of the grave and the other on the right of its head. These trees are never trimmed, and tbeir cheif charm is natural and weird growth. The lot is in a valley in the rear part of Mt. Auburn cemetery, directly in the shadow of - Resolutions of Respect. the Longfellow lot, on Indian Ridge avenue ir Thus the two. poets, who were neighbors in . Passed by the Y. L. M. I. - Association of Moroni, ' on life, may be said to occupy the same relation the death of Sister Olive Thomas, who departed this life Sept. 15, 1891. She was born in Moroni July 17, 1873 in death. The Leading Gaslx Retail onse ever-amon- m t -- Whereas, it has pleased Hovldence to call from our presence our beloved sister, Oiive Thomas, a faithful member and everwilling worker in our Association whose life of promise has thus been cut short in the bloom of youth and usefulness. Be it resolved, that while we mourn the Toss of her unwavering example .to us, in her steadfast integrity to the .principles 0r our Holy Religion, we are comforted in the - arr-Allwi- se j. MISCELLANEOUS. Be not simply good; 'be good for something. It well. is well to think well, it is divine to act Horace Mann. Jif&X'"0Ui truths. 2. stars, as sorrow shows us jy ISatley. K e d Jth Caroline Jensen, ; .,v : ' Modesty is to merit as shades to Jigures in MroncethatiLii has gQne tQ receive the rsward of a faithful member of the Church of Jesus Christ. eliireby extend heartfelt svrlathv in and relatives who mourn her loss. May their hearts be conso!edm the assurance that all is well with our sister. - ' 1 Special to the Ladies. AT TEASDEL'S tt Will b6 found 3 latest styles and pioductlons in LACES, RUCHES, EMBRODERIESr PANS, GLOVES, PARASOLS, -- RIBBONS, COLLARS, TIESs And an elegant assortment of JDl&T Q-OOD- S; Special department for Ladies' Misses' and In fant's .Shoes. TINNERS CAS.VATER & STEAFil FITTERS . or hr Agentl5rTlU5ISEYeietme PUMPS. Pomps Repaired cn short notice. Orders from the oonntry promptly responded to. S17S JLUZ3, Box 2:6. S1L? LAIS CUT. . 