tA 'i AY rt- - -- "UN & &iv "Tf.",,.,r:" e? 7 . v - i vTi;txr. b ;bi:.;7t&vAd .ytrjfwha; v- V. ertf:. . " r- y;ti;iKc rrrcr-v- 7i- c7aud ivuk.ud and Jx: - . ' ii - tVl ,UK' i 7 t' l. Sn'3'y ' t". i 1 .... ... 4 St4.--.-r-- . -; l- ii. Ui -- 7i;oa 'iii--vrov:t;r- :v...:u:.v'!-V- sm ' S .7. : -r"- --'- - .. K'rari xsti '"'I' r upon tjmsntir?--- . ' cannot- silt Mow utui v ' T svfent' iv r5'ffib-;rc5tih-vufK!- . as 1 i the'' atliuity tetyW Cdvipf drnind Thty;ie J()oking otuk Xne "l . luotcer. .tor .and. brave wocieu, I .IwiIi"I:s:emo the 7:rai:i5:o: swet ort to the ...voice cf th 4taiex-W.ho-;.w;- ill - ' dsiic, i s. . 1 ou ana 1 .. n:ume.--uxct- i t r. .1 . ; ; t he 'se I hot help them? .thf f Sters stimulate the young people to do i I " - -' a science; or perhaps I will hear the travelef whose desire for knbwiedgehas Ied 'to'v-isi- f.r u.s' t( a d r 111 a n vij e ve right but d not try to cover them, and'woniaTi hald a:; iiitiiience over wmarvn. v 7 In our coining together " think of the ; .God and nature Jia over-.mavtfso o.rdai ned power of the anointing, we are ldessed tutHc : -- U7 .'''; tlelvS enuiceY ''Shall we regard to This raothex-hood- ': throughout all our generations, "the, promise is to us, and if your children, go astray, when they have paid the penalty, they come back. 7 Let us Comfort the er- ring. W e are- blesseu awveau otncr 'people. Think of it our "associations will "last throughout eternity. Let us all bear lestunohy todayT" Make this a testimony meeting in very deed. Commence here and every one arise iu tiinTTiid speak if only a feu words. The last time Joseph spoke The mother's love, is strong in a other lands, qnd he' will Veil of dangers woman s ' heart and" she cannot forget the braved and difficulties overcome or of the' r child she nourished at her bredst, 'everiut: wondrous works of. natuije in other climes, to old "age, but follows her children Iwith and my spirit will be stirred to emuUtion', 1'her love and sympathy through all the arid 'my "heart will be led from" nature unto vicissitudes of life.' if she could' shield nature's God, for I know that His hand ils them and suffer in their stead, libw often ' would she gladly do so. TTaver alt His works. y. 7 v If a mother 'does forget her sucking child Ign:orjanc'Tsas?;.t All , thi'nj-&- re'tiiain as. they were froni the beginnihg until now a it is through some monstrous perversion of they held an umbrella over him, for it was wooden plow was good enough' for our nature's laws or of the laws'of society; the would come raining." ' Yet those that is for and the and it good enough us, more enlightened women become, grandfathers, heard him, and those who did not, never-hearour forefathers ploughed their. jlelds with greater degree of elevation they' attain, him again.- So it is to day. Though oxen ; and threshed their grain with a flail the more anxious they will be to direct the dark and stormy; yet. those who will come, and it is gxxxl enough for us."" ambition of their sons into such.charinels will have the blessing. We have no lease" 'What is the use of all these new fangled; that will not only lead them to climb to on our lives, we all meet here mayjiever inventions that are turning the world upto become of heights learning, ,or perhaps !But ofrr testimonies will stahdv side down? 7 one of ; the great inventors, or artists of the again. God bless you sisters. Intelligence and progress say, "We will day; but to that greater knowledge and, .Sister Julia Samson, bore an excellent build railroads, we will invent telegraphy, understanding that will reach.beyond this and expressed an earnest desire whereby we cari almost annihilate timeand transitory state of existancs and fit them testimony, Sister Lillie Tall to continue faithful. Write the continents and converse for the endless ages of eternity.' space. from ocean to ocean; we. will learn to And oh, ye youth of this much favored expressed the ., same desires and bore Sister Ann Wheeler followed-testifyinsound, so that friends however distant land think not to' make the excuse of, to Jhe truth of the Gospel. can speak to oae another as though stand-- " ignorance it' will no longer be accepted.' Bas- ing f$be to face; we wili chain the lightn- - This is the golden age of opportunity; hold Sister" Longmore and Sister Mary Ii. iug and make it subservient to the will of not back and, think there is nothing left sett each bore, a true and faithful testimony. James, knew; her Father in man; we will count the stars and learn to for j'ou to do; rouse yourselves and look Sister-Janpredict the .times and seasons of titd .around you; there are fresh hills for you to Heaven loved her and "blessed her beyond Concluded by .speaking in planets; we will measure the circumference' climb; there are new discoveries for you to measure. of the earth and sound the depths of tlie make; there is work for tongues: Interpretation given by President you to do. sea; with energy and perseverance we will are not dead; Z. I). II. Young. ; Ignorance and siiperstition Sisters Sperry, v Bullock, Hardmaji see what man can do with the intelligence gird on your" armour and do battle witri" and many other sisters ' Clark God has given him and for which he will Stanley, them; work while it is called today never be called to give an account; for it is God mind the vices and allurements of the world present, each spoke as thespiriLgaye ut- I , terancerall "desiring to be faithful to, the end who giveth wisdom to man; and hq has if will well would you you playryour part M ' ... of life said; Happy is the man that fin deth wisli3ve no time for . them, but w?ill shun and dom length of days in her right hand Sisters Rawlinson, Smith, Howe and Silthem. pity and in her left hand riches and honor; then and shame from.no condition rise, ver folio wed with faithful testimonies. "Honor down driveling starveling ignorance, Act well Counselor Iv Stevenson prayed that the " there all the honor lies. thy part avaunt; thou pale spectre Set your mark high and live for it, learn to good Spirit might rest on the sisters who do onward men of ambition superstition; raise ' be true men and trueTw'omeh; oppose ignornot meet with us. Spoke of the poor, of the standard of progress and of right; and ance with true .knowledge and throw the God's childrerindajniiic oh ye women of the nineteenth century sit ofrevelation ..and truth - upon uperstition. SistersTIillhamberlain ' arid Hardy light no longer iii ignorance throw-ofT- : the soul-"- " Pikkbe C. Young. spoke", of the loving kindness of God to influence of superstition- and paralyzing theai. Also Sister S perry and every other Yisq up in the strength of your womanhood sister in the congregation. A young brother .and of the intellecthat'Gbd has given 'you;-- ; LADIES' MEETING. who had come with his motheralso stood cultivate your intellect from the sources of up. and gave a few words of testimony. all true .knowledge and use it folhe up- Minutes of the Meeting, Sister Lydia D. Alder, spoke of the good Ward Assembly Hall Dec. luuug auu onwara progress ot tne Human held in the 14th that-thRedeemer gave to men when race; be prepared to stand shoulder to 29th, '1894. ' Counselor Elizabeth Webb gifts He assended on testified that all the shoulder with man to' forward every great presiding. Meeting opened by singing, faithful would-me- high,in the great and glor- enterprise that has for its object the eleva"All hail, the Glorious Day." Prayer by ious tion' of mankind and the amelioration of Counselor E. Stevenson. ' Continued day, that we would know each other by there, and would be satisfied with the good the sorrows of suffering humanity. "Welcome best of all good meetisinging Let not woman fear that she is over gifts, that our Father would give to all his ngs.-" V7 7 v stepping the bounds prescribed by the 7 Sister Vilate Young,- the Secretary, being faithful children. Great Creator as the proper sphere of Counselor E. Webb made a few closing absent, Counselor Webb called on Sister for shf was in the beginning creatwoman, D. Alder to act as secretary of the remarks and added 'her blessing to every v ed a helpmate ,W man and who. will dare Lydia soul present. Meeting adjourned for two 7 v,Vi meeting: affirm shev is- oit of place, because she " Counselor E. Webb in her remarks weeks. Sang the Doxology. Benediction, shares his ambition and desires to assist in wisned all a .7 ' New Year, and said, President Z. I). II . Young. Happy aiygreat an4 worthy enterprises, D. ALDEivj-Sec. "Letus not only make good resolutions for .1 pro tern.' ". " : "' t m-u- st - . . ' ; . - : . . d ; - , :. - . .. testimony. con-ve- y - g e - v . ; " . . ' - hydra-heade- d -- -s- " - SEMI-MONTHL- Y , Semi-monthl- y - e et : , -- .... , : "; , - . . - : " - " . - ". '.. -- '. : ' 