A 'ft :i:v with- H ot v v ! - eu,:s XU and a: ii eoartv-- ; 5 TtL'ht "tor cvr tii-J- t was- "rildc AXHtU'N ' lva:e-o- win p ijl i ".. Lu tk - wlctllUlhU 1h.KIV - ' - is th? deu e- of, ' k ansa's.- ... - TfUrs7iirn Washington., JK C. J . '.!i..::'Cv.'vv'.j;KIt is a lung, long way fmjn :sl the tuiniai 'government ...... to the lenublic.,. .. i hi ik'vk cut 1'iii'iiiv iiril nrt iv Mr. 'ISl-unci u la a coiUiuuous thou ; has C0222 ling development oruian and his govern-- ; 'incuts has at last brought thecivilized world" to a consensus of lelief that a republic, a democracy, a State in which the need 'and the desires of the people constitute the code or conduct is the best, the wisest "and the. enduring form of government. Along - . the way 01 progress lrom The gorilla to the gentleman, and from the :tribal to the. re- public, enough data have been gathered warrant the scientific declaration that all active, productive, enduring life is? dual. gtnileinan. f;;iscr5vai? hn vv" vat riib '-l- it , t hv, 1, - tnsr im:as ok . LJa " w.rorrcw t wjxo.' . T.. :' . 1 : ' 1 X1) MISS SHAW. 1 - - ' - . 1 . , J . ; . juvca, wnea we were .anveu out leaving a.l our-- posie:o:i5 Lchind us. Now I would ask were we driven' because we were ' "Anna 'Shaw- caoturM the town " Iusi- rucre righteous thaii they? .. Xo not exactly : we were tryiu; to ' keep ness men of notoriously conservative views, to append the laws of Gixl but were not perfect' in our who came to sneer' remained her witty utterances, and came, and, came lessons, - accordingly our cHastiSt'me.ni. xe.. suited in our good, as jt always dees when again. .'Yea, verily, Anna" Howard Shaw, must-havthee to stump we 'acknowledge the hand of God- in it, asi we need thee, and . the State for the campaign. Job did in his affliction,' when his wife said ': The universal appreciation offiss Shaw, curse God and die. But Job said, thou the honors tendered to her and dear; "Aunt speakest as one of the foolish women; has Susan" in the I ..R il 1UL1UUI.U lk - - L1111L UiaU. L11J III.y shape of a banquet by the to chastise as well as to bless? He not Unitarian Club (consisting of . .'prominent i hemispheres, each having separate functions, r Did not Joseph our prophet teach us', and influential male each having distinctive work to do. In. the and the effi-citizens), "That God is angry with none, excepting-- ' cial action of the Board of Kducatioti in human duality it is a man's part in the those vho .will not acknowledge- the hand the schools closed at noon in order work of life to clear the Way, to overcome "of God in all things?" And we always find ordering obstacles and today foundations. It belongs to enable the teachers to hear' Miss Anthony when we will do this there is truly a blessto man with "his strong right arm to do (an unprecedented and ihost noteworthy us. .... ing awaiting event in. the history of the movement, in tnoneenng 01 every sort. 10 the other halt This we find again when a revelation was my humble opinion), show that we are not of the human duality belongs the later work; woman's woik is supplemental. Woman given to Prest. B. Young on the west bank so unenlightened, after all; and when in adof the Missouri River near Council Bluffs, dition Miss Anthony has done us the honor continues and completes the edifice of which 1847,' concerning the camp of Israel in. their to declare publicly that the papers of our manias laid the foundation. At the heart journeyings WesL This shows they must Pacific Coast women were equal if not suhome is woman's sphere," lies "the whole be organized in companies with-- a covenant perior to any she had evej listened to, we and, promise to keep all the commandments great truth. It is woman's part to make have reason to feel proud of our success, ' and statutes of the Lord our God, and the and""to hope that we may be' permanently" The heaven of all human longing, the blessing of this journey will never be fordelivered out of the slough of uuenlighteu-men- t canopy and shield of human lifeand human gotten by those who were in this company. by the triumph of our suffrage amendn His words being like those of King. endeavor, the school of human character, ment next fall. to his people. Kven that they should For which the petitioners do humbly the educator and conservator bf social order, be a righteous people in keeping, the comthe very bulwark and the vital breath of pray! mands God has given, acting uprightly and human government is the wise, pure, sweet These friends came to San Jose immedijust id every instance, each one bearing ately after making the Joachinite trip. home. Without the light that gleams from their owii burthen's accordingto the abilities Common mortals, in like conditions, pray God had given us, and then lend a helping and fails. Without the character bred in .be-lto and till" solitude alone only sleep 7" hand to the needy in times "of accident there can be no "true citizenship. or bring recuperation; but this notable pair of homes, .affliction. be no republic. strong, minded individuals appeared quite Without the home there can This was faithfully observed, as I am a unconscious be a What must republic that it shall, of fatigue at The reception Sat-- witness, and attended" A efforts abide and our: endure? prosperity republic can but.be urday evening,' June 8," to which Mrs. and of of its the smaller daily. Thanksgiving epitomesr-- tl songs aggregation praise Goodrich imipd n anernl invitatujn thrnimli offered the dailim character of .its ..in- hom;eswhich"eT6rve vyere the valley,' nor was" it iorgotten after our Miss in the Santa Clara M, aiviauaiitiactors. a republic must be the arrival here in 1S47. . and in San Jose TreTIetorof all social life. Its soul and its &ChtriT:lrih"thTiioriiing, . This course was , follo wed for - ten years at 3:30 p. m., in the First M. E. Church, essence, its vital breath must partake of the human life It must be prosperity attending our efforts, until we the largest Protestant church in the city, to nature of were provided with nice comfortable homes, an immense audience, many staying during made up of the dual parts which, united, and orchards, etc. good gardens v , the entire service, while hundreds were unitviiiv VVil Then we were threatened with destruction able to and sweet home environments. safe, ditions, adget in. Miss Anthony made an " , la a lonennotr-cTeTitenby an army of 10,000 men, but the Lord dress in the evening to a crowded-houseimainta n a Irs" heariiDurprayers-by the Unitarian Church, from which it is such a republic any more than, he can create ' and Were we hand; .a and beginwhy? powerful .complete home. It is not. that, man is. readily to be seen that Sunday .was not a become to success? of bur not ning proud "as good' as just and as wise as woday of rest for our visitors; but all the same Inasmuch as this was the case surely this men in his way; they simply" have their met their engagement at the State they army came in time to awaken us to a sense Normal School at 8:40 Monday part in life to play, and it is not man's part. morning, of our duty to God, making us feel our deand were n happiest vein as they spoke to A woman's republic might be just like Him. '."";'-- t pendence upon but that concourse of seven hundred prospective it would be republic, This precious record the 'Book of Mormon teachers. It was beautiful to note the ho nearer a real republic; it would violate quick shows us the danger of pride, telling us of a the accorded by the youthful audience nature's laws- - just same it . response people who lived in rightousness for four to the speakers good would not have the same it faults, but points One can not generations, then pride made its appearance, but be hopeful that seed sown in such' culwould have-fatafaults just the same.. which produced envy, hatred and malice, tivated soil must For 6,000 years, and who knows how bring forth abundantly v then followed by war, until that people were After the speeches, the pupils - rendered the much longer, men have been pioneering swept from the earth and became extinct; 'Star Spangled Banner'' and other patriotic along with governments, clearing the. oband had it not been for twenty-fou- r gold songs in fine voice and form, thus paving the way for the republic! bringing stacles, plates found by the people of Lemhi, we to a fitting close a most For a hundred years have men been play-n- g inspiring hour. , should have known nothing of this jeople republic on North American soil. For today. Here we learn a lesson from this a' sturdy, striving century manthe human book, whaTpower the tempter has iipon a Emma Smith DicVoe has been" Mrs. has been trying in this re" 7 proud people. doing really remarkable work as an organizer public to do the whole work of a full huThis book warns us again and to anu raiser, or .tundsin the Westr man orb. equal rights Not content with his natural : ; . . . . , -- j e - N lo; - , . ; j 1.-- ' . ' 1 1 " - j - " , Ben-.jame- ' - rf -- ' et ; -- . . . 1 . - -- $haV-preache- - -- . full-orbe- d a iw - . cl ti-- Tr 1 ", - l " , demi-spher- e "" r ag-ait- -- ' 