WO M a KMdbc HQ N IC N 1 v supports he.r mother In excellent style, entire ly .from the proceeds of her pen. 'And citc mie-ma- I T jf'W' that women show ' much Vinyiety iti ir?iirv busi- - unci .Krav. iH ;. e j : : - , " - , -- -- an(Teileiiredeihiarid She designs leaviug her Memorial, rs 011 that. .1 yand r. Another .Utah paper conducted entirely by women is the Young Womattt'Journal, of which Susa Young Gates, a daughter of President Young, is editor. It is designed 10 puonsu me iesi 01 uie original articles read before the Young Ladies Improvement Associations, and. to. foster the literary ability which without doubt exists in our fair territory. , The first paper on the Pacific. Cosst to be published by a woman was JThc Neic Northu'esV YQitf& Oregon, with Mrs. A. J. Dunniway, editor. It was" issued in 1871, a year beforethe Hxl'ONJiNT. The Impress San Francisco is the organ of the Pacific Coast Woman's Press Association, and is edited and contributed td by members of that society. The Golden Dawn, a woman's paper was published in San Francisco about 1872, California is proud of her pen women, and with good reason too. I hope ere long to see shining lcxral lights in literature as a result of .the broader cul- ture and greater" leisure which now exjst.' And I would like to mention there is a writer who signs herself "Mab" Ogden, in writing to the Salt Lake Jtcrald. I have wished .she would exercise" her pen more freely. TJiere is a strain in her writing which reaches the heart, and I have read between the lines a desire for the be'tter-meof humanity. It is woman's mission to uplift the human race, and the field of journalism is a wide one in which to operate. , And also a woman can thee find exercise for the maternal instinct wliich is so largely a part of her nature. She may take the world, figuratively, as her child, and train it in the way it should go, sparing not the rod of correctiont nor the soothing- - caress, but " , nt . - " ZalLthe w h H- e- poi t i n to the--up Wa f don-war- d way, saying, "This path shall thou tread," Today we have spoken- only of the successful woman in journalism. Rut there have been, alas!, as many failures; and even those who later achieved success, often in the beginning faced difficulty and defeat. - The flHd -- not attempt .WiimaalPre-C- H"inftnfhmt?ft to enter unless she feel that IS nx' bierrikr uh I the'lmhual meeting of the Utah Federation of Clubs in Ogden, May 23, i&j$.z 'Eo- .- U.S. industrial tf . r It is the organ of; the thurch-.i- t devuttng itself to . : i.-- to . . ' iwvirif bWfcT ii?Rift5 V.. nd-d- Km mel ine s. sori.rhvt only death of the editor of, 77r Feathered World n Iihgland. his, widow,: Mrs. Comyns,' continued Ihe publication, and soon raised the circulation from 12,000 to 20,ckx).- In the year 1892 she was the only woman in, the United Kingdom who Was proprietor, editor and manager of a ' ' paper. The most striking instance of the kind in America is Mrs. Frank Leslie In rS.Si after the death of her husband, he took charge of hismiiHcations. She states that she had never been in the office six times before that, and that ihe found all chaos; for the entire business was in the hands of, the assignee and a committee of creditors She was obliged' to face an enormous indebtedness and several lawsuits. The , creditors of Mr U'slie could not afford to': let Him fail. as he used such large supplies it would have meant ruin to them. So. him three years they had contracted to give time and lake their pay- - out of the profits. A wealthy Brooklyn woman came to the rescue of Mrs. Leslie. The latter, took charge of the business on the 1st of July and agreed to pay part of the account on November ist: but on the 29th, of October she paid the entire loaii witrHiiterest. it was the misfortune of President Garfield that enabled her to retrieve herself so quickly, She assumed control of the business on Thursday; the President was wounded on Saturday. She at once dispatched herartists to Washington all very young men; because as she said, ' Youth is more enterprising, and will dare to do what older men wilrnot venture. " Great efforts had to be made on the Sunday and Fourth-o- f July holiday oh the Monday following, but they were all successful, and by Monday evening all was ready, foe the press, the front jiages a ou ble page "of" the llfus-- " trated having been entirely changed. As a result an edition of 300,000 was sold immediately and orders came in so rapidly it was impossible; to fill them, Mrs. Leslie immediately took all her illustrations and made a pictorial history of the sad event, winch she called the Garfudd ti-trer-lli- of-Mr- -- - . passed into the hands H . Wells, who hasT ever si be the editor and publisher. nctf-continu- ed ' ' : r aierarv abilitv: ' Wore the Revolution a list of one of wkkws who . ' y "success. . So we bee . " 15 P. A. REPORTS KICKIKK hOCIKTY AND PRIMARY COM HAWAIIAN KK-KNC- K ISLANDS. Con yi: u hncK of. the Relief Societies of .tlij' Hawaiian Islands was held April 5, at head jiiarters Laie, Oahu, about a 1195, .250 Saints marched in the usual .order. to the meeting house, which had been neatly festooned with ferns and flowers for the After the usual opening exercises, oc-casio- which were rendered promptly1 and lively, the Fiuaneiar arid Statistical report for the year ending Dec. 31st, 1894, was readc branches of which were, ' showing 36 (eight not reported) members 619, meetings held 783. Receipts for the. year 672.85. to the. poor $60.05. To the" Missionaries $75.70. Temple $18.25. Miscellaneous $168.95. On hand $349.90 , the former . The first- speaker first Relief Society organized president of the these islands: She spoke upon the ' upon; labors of President George O. Cannon w.hile here, and also upon the good accomplished ly the 'society here tluring the past twenty . I)is-bursmen- nt - - - was-Kapa- " ' years.A J duet was, nicely rendered by Sisters - . Merema Kekuku and Aue Apuar Sister Ella Birdno read an essay on the subject of the gathering of Israel and bore her testi- " ' mony to the sisters. Sister Kahuhu one of the native counselors spoke on the subject of prayer and Poopuu- - the President of Kahana ;Society spoke of the Bible being the word of God, refered in particular to the gathering of v Israel, said Zion was the land (iol had chosen for His people. The Sisters from Honolulu sang a song Sister Alice composed for the occasion Harmon read an essay on the subject of prayer," also spoke of the power of God madennaiiifest through, prayer in the Ijelialf -pof herJittleboyin h i iTeslTluKpraised Gcxl for his merciful blessings towards her. A duet by Sister Laura" Fisher "and husband accompanied by Elder William. Thompson wis much appreciated by all ' present Sister Lizzie Brown gave a sketch of the life of Sister Phoebe Woodruff and encouraged others to emulate hergood example. Song by Sisters RutliJvanhinev--KeknwewXan- d KaTuapalava. Theses exercises , -- en . ! -- i j . 0 ; .. j I i - j ! ! ! Richards.Subseiuently 7 : . iiibpira-tio- : 1 ts - vere interspersed bv call which almost amounts to verbal reports from the different- - branches. large fortune as a benefaction to women: V I u s'. inded rem And yongfelto has Instructions were given, by Sister Noall Kate Field is a 'prominent figure in litera- pertaining to the object of the society and ture. For years she contributed to various "The heights by great men reached and kept, iq the fullfillment of woman's earthly misWere not attained by sudden flight, ;, " magazines in England and America. Sbe sion, that of multiplying and replenishing is now editor and tlie'. whiIe their companions slept. proprietor of Kate Field's V 1iutWere w the the earth as God first commanded, spoke of nht. .. A toiling upward Washimrinn n bnVhf nnH ,nipv the rapid decrease of the Hawaiian people, whichis largely quoted from by the newsUndoubtedly there are many new stars and of the necessity of taking proper care papers. It is now. in its tenth volume cloto appear in the galaxy of literature. of the body, not to copy; the evils of I. sing its fifth year, and is published in the yet But it is well for all to remember the words civilization but the good; referred to the city whose name it bears. evils of the world that were creeping in But one's eyesneed not be forever turned of an unknown author, among them, coupled with the traditions of ; eastward in scanning the field of literature. "To write some earnesrver$elr line, , their forefathers Which seeking not the pr dse of art, Here in our western country are a shine manhood a clearer faith and Resolutions of love and respect expressi ve number of journals conducted entirely by Shall make In the untutored heart. of the appreciation of the labors of Sister women, and there are women contributors to- most of Noall among the Society on the Islands, the prominent papers and He who doelh this in verse or prose;: in a v day; was read by Sister Makanoe. May be forgotten magazines. 'Prominent among the former, But surely shall at last be crowneXwith those. A free will donation of $6.00 was received and .first of all to be published in the Rocky Who live and speak for aye." the General and local officers were sustained Mountain region is the Woman's Ex v. ' and meeting was' adjourned for six months Lizih.Stkvknson Wiixox. I'onknt, It was started "June is't, 1872, L: " benediction by edited by Miss Liila Greene, now Lula Siugiug,, "O my' father, ' :." Greene Mrs. Wilcox was sekcted from the Utah Makanoe, :t it" in-here- h. y;' 