J. The Rights of the Women of .Zion, and Jke Rights' :op the, Womeni cfcJtfa&ifr7?' Vol., 23. - - CONTENTS s these words haveserved aVa ' -L. M. W. Sjfeak .No Ignorance Ariel monitor' to silence, thoughts, of unkind Ladies' Semi. criticism that mig'ht otherwise ha vie found Superstition Phoebe' CrYoung'.-monthlC Meeting L. D. Alder. expression, and. although I have never, Birthday Party Lydia I). Alder. The General known the author's name, I have always Relief. Society Conference E." B. Wells. considered thm; words Of inspiration. NationarCouncil Racjiel Foster Avery, Vhat a different state of affairs would be Macbeth Gladys : Woodniankee." Musings Ida ill existence, if w e were as diligent in bur endeavors to discover and. make known the. Haag. R. S. Reports. Woman Suffrage Column. r Notes And News. Obituaries. vi rtues mankind are in, posession of, as we- Miss . Editorial: Phoebe Couzins. --The are. to find out and proclaim- their failings. It is one of the mysteries that remain to be National ' Council of Women :E(litorial. Notes. solved why we should take so much pleasure ' PbEtRVTReTear'Is New Edson B. Russell. in circulating reports that are detrimental to New Years' E.' R. Shipp. . . ;. anothers character; for we not only mark an injury to others" by so doing but act dl THE YEAR IS rimentally- toour .by limi ing:bur "circle of friends; and also deprive Inscribed to my wife. ... ourselves of the sense of satisfaction and I)earest;,the year i new, Which always accompanies a j And the roses silent sleep, good actand surely there are few things Butthe hearts that are most.true J more commendable than holding sacred the, All their vows of love will keep, a of or brother sister; for a good, reputation Though snows are deep, !' name is among the priceless possessions of " Still, love will keep. : 1' this life. In our judgment of others we Though the roses fade and. wither, should take into consideration fact '.. tfte.n-time- - " 1H- . W.-.-.P- ' . , . - . Wo-man- 's -- : ; s, own-interest- - -- -- . ! : self-approv- al " ! ' -- the Love survives the. stormy weather, And its fires still keep burning, And the soul renews its yearning HowsoVer theseasons run. ; I . - Dearest;- the - . -- yearjs new And its harvests are ro grow, Ye are drinking of life's rue.T Barren fields, in pain we sow, -Yet, green will grow The fields we sow, 'Not" in vain this.painful so- ing, For, the seed in silence growing. Bursts anon its gloomy prison, And as other forms have risen Thus, "puts forth the flower and fruit, Dearest; the year is new, But its musicnouJs Ipvv Soon will shake the honey dew ' f j o Edson B. , i jt-ma- Ex RDssell. ; "'. r but lenient be "Then speak no as. To other's failings voiir ovvnf. If your'the first a fault' to see Be not the first to make it known." 111. My first recollection of the above lines dates back to the time" vwhen I, as a child, ajton my father's knee, ln the twilighr, listening to the voices of niy parents as they blended in song; and whenever tliis song . . ., in unison wuthjts sentiments, , and my soul be filled with an earnest desire that as I grew in years I might be able to obey its precepts, and put in practice; the beautiful lesson which the lines contained. And al though I haye, no doubt, failed many times to live ug to my youthful ambition in this. respect, yet; in moments of temptation . -- - poor-islander- s g ; e . 1 "a Bar-thblome- w SPEAK NO IIvL. -- to-cas- t thorough and cah-- I did investigation , of ourselves, there is no and how the fairJand ran-wr- th bloodtn 5 iJmiliLliuiJie-- s 12 at "the massacre of St. lEeyear-1reveal to our view some traits the result of a conspiracy be'one; I hi that we were not aware of, tween the vicar of Christ Philip i and impress' us - with the necessity of a the 1 ith, with Charles the ninth" and his T speedy reformation, and if so we will feel mother Catharine DeMedici. And how in the year sixteen hundred Giardauns Rouno. , more lenient towards the failings of others, and not so anxious to make them known, for asserting the rotatory' motion of the but will "speak of all the best we can." earth was tried- and convicted of heresy and. burned at jtle stake by order of CleL M. W. T .'r ment the . VIII, while the, priests who burned him . fell upon their knees and IGNORANCE AND SUPERSTITION. prayed God to continue the good work in hell. Bruno suffered, but the. earth continued to move: in its orbit notwithVERSUS REFORM AND PROGRESS. standing ignorance and superstition decided made the other day it could - not move so it was with the first Hearing a remark and tat ignorance who had to superstitidii. had caused inventor of type more sorrow m the world than pride and flee by night to escape a similar doom; ambition; I. was" led to reflect upon the sub- ignorance and superstition 'asserting, that ignorance and superstition such wonders could only be the work of ject, andto s are greater evils than pride and ambition, the 'devil. Ones so it has even been ignorfor although excessive . pride is a sin, and ance arid superstitioli against Reform and one of the evils to which our human Progress. ' nature is subject, it is a termthat is often Ignorance sits at home by the light of a ! . - If Ave will institute , ; . s, -- . - short-coming- e - ; j w-liil- .' t .co-labore- rs . o rites,-promptin- ' - ; - . . From the summer's loaded bough, From world of gloomX-Tworld of bloom, , ' Thus; the miracle of living Comes by what the soul, is giving Love,' its winter-vigi- ls keeping a joyful Prophesies reaping, -Acd fulfills its7l6TylrirsiU" the inhabitants of the earth are not supposed to be perfect ' tieyigs, .but" were.. '..sent- here on vpj;olationary mission Twitli a view to per-- ; fectiou sometime in the future;, so it should not be, surprising if in studying the, les-- t sons of life, and striving to put them into practice, mistakes are made by, the pupils, j but it should be a matter7 of surprise that these mistakes should be heralded abroad, and enlarged and commented upon, as though, they weretinpardonabie, by those-who are in the same school, subject to, ai;d oftentimes overcome, by the same oDstacies. ine iannre to recognize our own imperfections is one ol the .chief causes of our finding so much fault with - otliers, for," were" we" fully convinced of our own and the.'beam! removed ; from our: own eye, we .would sense to" a greater degree the inconsistency of critcizing the mistakes of other people while we are so far removed from perfection ourselves. ' "T" that misused. and applied to true merit wrong fully, and' is ofteifer found. to be a trait of 'the ..ignorant' than of those who possess true knowiedge," for whereas ignorance is apt to be puffed up at trifles ' the possession of true knowledge is willing-tsit at the feet. of the wise and be instructed.. fgnorauce and superstition wajk amid the dark places of the eaTth with cruelty : for their liandmaiden ambition and progress counts the light of the sun and says".I wilibreak these bonds of ignorance "and superstition ' that enrivon me. There is a stirring of a. spirit witliin me that teaches me, I am made for better things; s. I will try my powers, I will trus niy barS on unknown seas'; perchance I 'shall find help, 'tisignoxance and superstition, that prompts the mother to' sacrifice her children to the monster of the Nile, and others the infants frjhi their bosom beneatlithe cars of their rohstrous idols; the; widows of India to prostrate themselves upon" the burning pile that they may be consumed with the dead bodies-o- f their husbands, and the to their' the perform ghastly offer' sacrifice Indian to to the untaughtsun, and to slay the follower of the dead-thahe may accompany his chief to the ' ' happy hunting ground. ' But alas! we need not look among heathen nations alone to find the apathy of ignorance or the; cruelty of superstition; it exists today amid our great cities and in ' our rural districts, should we go back-tthe, middle or what is called the dark ages; what a picture would be presented to our view ; a tj me Whenigno1-ancwas declared tolie the motherof devastation; and supersti tion held the. minds of the people in iron .. bauds; a time when to" make a discovery in science or to proclaim a new idea respecting the! great father and His dealings with His children was said to be the work of Satan; and the axe of the headsman and the stake were always ready for the victim , Oh ! the cruelty of superstition. How infilled all France with, gashed and m utilated bodies, v y our-charact- , so-call- ed - - - . ; in-printi- ng ' 1 1 ; -- 