HANNAH, MRS. MARY L. DICKINSON. bids me hasten home that I may participate in the pleasures aiid the .benefits - of my favorite cluf), but" duty that relentless mas'-- . Mary. Low re; D 1 ck tfci calls me elsewhere. I will not take the elected president Of the time to dwell upon the "subject of duty Vfbri)f Wmfy . .. v ; ,1 .. ! :' it 't. - . . - . '.. 111 cw nngianu; sue, ueuuucA our mne DaiKi is compo iecl fuutaitu Cii laiihiui r ones who learned this lesson long, long ago. a teacher when very young. The1 experiSince leaving Salt Lake one month ago, ment of teaching, while mcst successful, I have visited twenty-'sevetowns. holding in so far as the puplis were concerned, only three meetings in each. I have traveled two t served to convince the teacher of the hundred and fifty miles by train and nearly inadequacy.of lier, ownpreparation-forhe- r five hundred by team, over bylls and dales;' chosen field, At the age of 24 she spent through canyons and mountain gorges, three years in extensive travel' and close over the plains and lava leds, study abroad. Returning, the teacher's life along shady glens and fragrant meadows; was resumed until her marriage to John. Be sometimes theroad winding for miles along Dickinson, a wealthy banker of New York. . the cool, romantic batiks of the river fringed City, changed the life to oneof even wider with .willowsand interspersed-witbeautiful opj)ortunitiesfor socidl and philanthropic wild flowers, and the swept wild roses that work. Indeutified with the best phases of social, V to my setaejare always so inspiring religious 'and philanthropic life, she enLittle. dainty wild rose with perfume so sweet; ' tered actively into many lines of charitable Reminder of youth, and its joys so complete, When in the green pasture?, and cool canyon glens work. I plucked thee at random from Three more years of travel abroad affordbriary stems. How I loved to inhale thy fragrance so ed rare,' opportunities for study of European sysAnd deemed of all flowers, thou the, sweetest, . tems of education, and Tor the acquisition most tair. of varied culture. The death of her husThough the trip has been attended with some hardships, the beautiful, flowers and band, followed in a few years by the loss of the sweet songs of birds, which can be seen fortune, threw her back again into the in great numbers and variety, together with ranks of .working women, She resumed 8, the sweet companionship of my little Nellie, teaching and writing. Her first novel, "Among the Thorns," has Vgreatly lightened the burden, and smoothed, the rough places. Though in proved her skill in the delineation of character and such powers as established, be- - .. the language of my little traveling comquestion, the fact of her possessing . panion,'4!' never saw so many bumby up.4 yond the "teller's gift, while its dealing with mudly pudlys aud tee totters"as in the list the story problem of poverty and pauperism few weeks travel. We have many,' ditches, "showed strongly the bent of her mind. creeks and canals to ford, sometimes the water coming into the wagon bed. It being The second book, printed first in England, a new country the bridges are not yet all and afterwards reprinted in America, called constructed though the most dangerous "The Amber Star," dealt with fresh "air funds and country homesJorchildrenand parts of the Snake River arespanned by inu women, before the subject had of the energy "working and enterprise of anlndustrious, persevering ever been discussed or agitated in America. Her third,story, :,A Fair Half Dozen, "'al- people. so first printed in England, dealt With the This is an extensive valley covering a vast area of ground. Its water resources problem of invalidism, taking up all the are uncomparable and there is every facility a society locietyforc-nhoiigTitTuc-h tZ. ' necessary bepjnjnga great-f-a had ever to the light. A little agricuIturaFdTstrict, and with the brawn volume ofcrept upcalled "Edelweiss" was poems uana muscle ot the sturdy Mormon nioneers earliest book. Some of her stories, in who first had faith in its possibilities, there her which she particularly excelled, have been is no question but, their fondest anticipations in a volume called "Drift will be more than realized. Many of the gathered together ;? latest little towns are situated along the picturesque Wood"is and Ouc U ttleXifeher banks of the Snake River, and give great story, illustrative of her own idea of what should be promise of becoming prospermisJmjiiiiess!5fThirKIug's Daughters and Sons, in which -- centers. : - from its birth, she has been the genWe cannot as yet speak much in praise society, eral secretary, and actively engaged in the of the climate as the seasons are "late and of its work all over the world. the warm weather does not set inuntif near charge Warmly interested in the cause of temthe first of July. - The wind blows nearly perance, she served for several years as the every day, but how could we expect othereditor of the "American Reformer." wise with the vast sweep of land in this joint When the Order 'of the King's great valley, when the little towns ana ham- and Sons grew to such proportionsDaughters as to relets become large cities .with towers and an of own its she established quire organ spires reaching heavenward, and the plains its magazine, the "Silver Cross,'.' of which covered wittu extensive orchards, then we she has been the only editor She was ofmay expect a change in climate as we. have, fered positions in several leading institutions found in our own loved Utah. of learning, one of which she accepted the I trust all will go smoothly with the club, of professor of literature at the Uni and that you will have a most profitable post versity of Denver, and at the close of her tfme.at your next meeting and if the last service there was made emeritus professor . program is promptly filled, I am convinced and given also a lectureship in. English, it will be most interesting. T :hope the the chair ol belles-lettrewhich was liber' 'committee of the whole' will do their ally endowed and - named by the Board of duty as well for the July meeting a little Trustees the Mary Lowe Dickinson chair, if all is well,: I shall 'v''-selfishness perhaps-fo- r Selected. be there. Praying our Father's choicest blessings upon you all, T am your fellow- Empress EuGenie has nearly com pie liLUS R, Shipp. worker. ted her memoirs. They are not to be pub WiLFORD, Fremont Co., Idaho, June 26, '95 nsuea tin alter her death. ' J -- Clasp the hands gently, : With tenderest care, Smooth back the tresjenffS?"?: Lay a flower there, '' ' Dlstiub' not tier rest; so Sleeping sweetly, "Ah!. 1$ she not blest? . sage-brus- ' Hark! I hear music, Faint 'tis but clear; Yes they are singing In sweet tones I hear, , Fair lovely sister Where pain and sorrow Are banished for sye. , Where streams ofkindness, Continually flow, . The joys of thy home Thon can'st not divine Glory and honor Forever are thine. . R. M. F. Wotnari s Exponent: y THE FUTURE CONQUER ER. Latter-da- ' : Come where love's breezes Forget not to blow; ". of the h - . ( To the Children 1 h O, come, come away; To The .. -. n . " . -- I . 1 or-thos- e ' . ' . 4- -. " Break not the silence, flush! Do not weep, Angels are near her Bright vigils to keep; Angels of gladness To bear her a way; Angels of comfort ,r With loved ones to stay. . iNoKrtiivi aUQy&l&wm , . Sainls. y Hear the soft patter of little feet, -.- Keeping-their step in the march of time; List to the voice of childhood swet Singing the song of our cause sublime; Steady each footfall, though light and free, Faltering not as they onwa-- press. ' Cheering the strains of the melody, mense-bridgesncharacteris- j " d Tellingjofjteacejmd.iighteousness.- - " . Gaze with a vision divinely, lent, Promise of good in the future trace; These shall arise when our day is spent, ..' Women and men of a nobler ace, All we have missed is their heritage, All we have failed of is their's to win; Their's, the new era, the golden age, Their's, is the conquest f wrong and sin. nm nui CUVJf UlCll .uiiguicr uajj So that 'to them time vietorv briny-For not ignoble the part we play, We are kingmakers, if they are kings. yuiuuiw iijcu uic way iur me mue ieei, Teach the right note to each fresh young voice Throw wide the portals, their coming greet, And in their triumph will they rejoice, Edited by L. A. C. Penniman. Milwaukee, Wis., May 51895. " . - - ' LETTER TO U. W. P. tic C. Here I am in the Wonderful Snake-RiveValley with the famous Teton Peak's towering in the eastern sky white with , their everlasting mantle of snow. As I pause in my busy, rounds to think where I am and locate, times immutable dial, 1 find the month is waning and the date of Otir rpcnilor. mootirirr ic tipor a t hand , o nation, born of an ardent desire, r ; - s, 4 " -- . thetmexhiir4erflitrnie - v-.- . - -- . - . . 