W 7 yrx n ) a fx . t? t yjtMttii: ?' My Women. of Vol. 23. , , Editorial: ourned. Wc man's 'Poetry: Miner; An Early Spring Day Reality-Jeranium- - Sphere Laura Hushed Hjde . I ' Hewlins. L. M. ' WOMAN'S SPHERE. Tis asked what .is " a woman's sphere How .should she act her part? Is it to wear a smiling face To hide an aching heart? To speak in accents soft and low Her irate lord to soothe, With aching brow and weary hand J j pathway render smooth? Thii once was thought a .woman's lot . Her only aim in "life" " But. now she shines in every home Companion, friend, or wife. So, with her heart and soul combined And conscience holding sway, Her sphere h ever spreading "out"" .Where wisdom points the way. ' the-foo- " . " : ' His . ' ; ; . Laura Hyde Miner ' : - ' Dream REALITY. . ' dust, and dry, but not withered. , v should The worms .Jbe, watched very closely," THH ART OF RAISING SILK WORMS. those unable to shed their skins must be helped out; at the first appearance of sluggishness in a UTAH SILK ASSOCIATION. worm it should be taken out and thrown away, Til?: first to be" considered is the seed or for if they are sick it will spread to others, if grain, the best is obtained from moths issued, 'they are lazy their cocoons vill be 'wurthless, from the first cocoons spun,- - by the first worms and it is better to give the room and attention .hatched these are .always the strongest, and a to the remainder. As they approach maturity the worm becomes good start is of great importance.' The time of hatching is about the middle of the moon transparent. ceases to "eat, raises and moves his just as the'foliage begins to come out 011 the head, from Mde: to side, and should be -- at once ' t rees. The eggs should be brought from the pro v i d ed w i t h jsma MJbhinc hes w7nxll)r low temperature in wlii.chJljevjAaydeJcci) of mad paper) in cornucopias - to t uioueiat; which will ascend and begin to spin: they anm,u, lauuaiiy uici exiting they till the temperature is 75 or 80. All foreign should not be allowed to get close together. "people wrap the seed carefull' in paper and They complete their cocoons ur from four to then in a soft cloth and place inside their six days. The male and female cocoons are thisinsures the method an next skin, jackets, easily distinguihed, as the. female is larger; an with sufficient moisture to equal number of each should be kept for make them .strong; they should be examined and the rest, exposedrtouffi daily, and as soon as they show signs of hatch- - heRlliiistyJi fey- gress oi ttiemotn; in. this climateXit exposed ,, spreUmgitjLaji the little worms crawl on them, "tieTryTelweson to the scorching of the sun for three days, the leaves and in this way can be moved to the their destruction becomes effectual, and the hurdle, (and the remaining eggs replaced until cocoons are . ready for reeling at any time. Those which have been reserved for the prothey are hatched) spread the hurdles over with straw ashes and cover with brown paper. duction of seed, after the lapse of from eleven When they are provided with food by cutting to fifteen days the moth begins to push aside leaves delicate and the fibers the young sprinkling at one end of the cocoon- and crawl up these over the young worms, being careful never out. The sexes almost immediately - couple. to touch the worms with the hand The hur- the males are thrown away and the impregr dles containing the small Ayormsshoul(l.bc-kept:--injiateci females are placed in a darkened an even temperature and be protected from four or six days, and provided with drafts, and sudden changes,- and direct rays of paper on which to deposit their .eggs; each the sun, and feed the worms three times a day. female produces about 500 eggs, no food The excrement of the worms must be reshould be given. Ants, mice, lizards, spiders, moved wiili the fibrous parts of the leaves. and other insects are very fond of the fat ten-.dafter the" nourishing parts are eaten, and the ...worms, and must be guarded", against. worms kept perfectly clean, or they will beThunder and lightning. are very injurious to come .sick; this can best be ;.done by placing the worms,-- ; and' it is necessary in stormy a few fresh leaves over them, and; when the weather to cover up the windows so they canworms come upon them, they can be lifted to not see the lightning. clean hurdles, and agaiir supplied with leaves,'; - 'i'o those who arebeginnefsihhe work we from moisture, which are-frwould say commence by raising a few, watch . The worm, casts, its skin four- times during its them closely, and learn their 'habits; by thi : . mi y growth, before each change v it ceases to eat, you wm-ganot become, experience and.will ' and must be left undisturbed and free from discouraged. "; , ; noise; just as soon as it comes out of its skin it V Isabella E. Bennett, ; begins again to eat voraciously, and increase Chairman Committee " - - ' AVhysrKuld-trre3ptfr- - uf-br- oti on, beloved; why shouldstthou.wake! break? j a Of thee,; dear one, and for thy sake; Fair dreams I weave! Life, is so real, so fraught with care, We may not trespass, though we spare v A mote of time for wish or prayer; Thus to receive V New strength, life's. future ills to- bear, . ' eveu-temperatu- - re, on . Dream on; or waking, let me still, In thy kindsoul one soft note trill, One echo stir, one. measure fill, With pleasure rife: I would one beauteous garland twine, One hope which should all joys combine; For thee alone, forever thine; . And calm all strife! -7 Lifeis so real, Love so divine! And Love is Life. -- - -- apart-ment'f- ; ; . Geranium. May 3, 1S95. or - er ' APTHL.- - " Q. fickle, playful April s Say can'st thou ne'er be true? Thou'rt like a pettish maiden Such freaks I never knew One hour all fun and frolic, Mid happy shouts and cheers, Thy face aglow with sunshine; The.next all clouds and tears. r -- ' d . For the Woman's Exponent: 1 e . '.. ' -- ; o " " d success. " As the worms grow larger the noise of their incessant eating- - is like rain ujon the trees. The worms' breathe through little orifices situated on each' side near the,legs for this reason 'become they should never bev allowedr-tcrowded together but should be given more; room as they grow larger: No one should attempt to raise worms in a low maxaliy place, -- for- in such "places the ,air is liable to become stagnant, ai-- charged with noxious vapor, this with all obnoxious funies, injurious,-auespecially that from tobacco,-aroften causes speedy death. Also rememler the insects are tender and must ' be .protected from ' sudden changes' in temperature, hot weather, " being much worse than cold, if they are properly fed they will stand the cold and give more silk, as , they eat - much' more. Great care should be taken, to havethe'Ieaves free from the merry laughter; And thou art in disgrace. fear thou art a coquette Nay do not blush and run --- ". - " But ah! Thy days are numbered! Soon thou wilt pass away;: The leaflets, buds and blossoms J Herald the coming May: Then we'll think of the sunshine, Forgetting doubts and fears; Watching the buds unfolding, . Forgiving e'en thy tears. R. M. F. " fter.. the need not lid. cut. iti 'crease the strength, and quantity of daily; keep in mind that cleanliness," regular ity in mealsevenne. in'fecdiiig dayaial iiipht, are the most essential points to bring perfect ' ' ' is I saWithee, sflying, playing Peek-abopwith the suri. j after each cabling. first castiiiir the leaves - Right soon thy brow is qlouded, Tears trickle down thy fiice, vNo. 2a. rapidlv-irnnz- . R. M. F. April .. CITY. UTAH; MAY 15, 1S95. v - .' - - and the Rights of'the. Women of all Nations. Are often moved by thee,..l ., To ramble o'er the hillsides? Or through some fairy dell, . With baskets, cups and Guckets, Oh! Visa shame to tell.; Rev. Anna H. Shaw's "Sermon. The. National Conference. The Convention Ad-- j . 'Awn, Gaylads and bonnie lasses And children full of glee; With young. life b"ubb!ingyer..' - The Art of Raising Silk Worms-Isab- ella Kf ''Crouch.' Bennett. The Poor Widow-Vmia- m Cactus Papers. Silk Exhibit For Atlanta. U.VV." P. C. Lizzie S. Wilcox. Primary Fifdi Ward LoganEmma Bu'r.ce. Hygiene And Physiology 5 . ,., SALT LAKKCO NTH NTS: 4 . . ee - - - . . ... . . 