: :wyr- ih,; :'r-- v.; : - . -- ., : J , . t he l mi, -- Xv . . Man rToT a. ,nni Clara- u i y r iniunn rijbt.tif--l't;vi.,..i:'T'laLuW I ))1 i,i vchinl y " . of - U. ' u : itr ;Cjii: Nt'iih; of the aid , .Mcicttc? am! .samtii .''V- ' , -, T'arcv s.a -- ;, ' --' - -- ' ;c'..v.- " ' ' - . ':::' ';( t: x sr :,.'.'.... , .... . " , . . : ' . lzi- jirji.: tit hzx'-'-- ir:a V -- X t'. lU it cm ir'-dt- d will ul!.. you . - relii: Hi:uei6t the 'Oi.wke.rs It e v ' ' ... w.oma'u WhtAhas - . " u . -- on T- -- 'Go. George," - was her good- Republic. bye, "fill the destiny Heaven has assigned yon; you have your. mother s blessing now .as in the past.. You will see me.-nmore." And the hero ofthe continents laid his head on his mother's breast and wept like """" : : a child. Show me your ideal woman of the Revolution and I, will show you the woman of which she was the prototype. Conditions change womanhood never! Do you tell me of Elizabeth Schuyler, wife pf Alexander Hamilton, the Nestor of the Revolution, his counselor, 4 i the South; of their hardships and privations in the causethey, believed to be right;.-of the ciifwkhey made, beyond the' sacrifices ofthe women of the', North, be-- ' caue of their isolation and' lack of inea'ns sacrifjees rellectiiig undying splendor upon the7 courage and endurance and faith (A' tiie womanhood of America.. Do you tell me of that strong, woman of the gentle . heart, the judicial head- and . . i i i . .taken ujv.i hvrelt holy vows, Hlialeth K nlipger Culhus, stirring lip her ibllowtrs to parity of lise. and" exemplifying in her eondacV the truths she committed to others? Then, I will tell you of Lucretia Mott; -- sake; the y. Derseeu ted for righteousness' . ' Durest. sweetest: whitest soul m all the iiDagau auains, nrsi vmerica.n pairiqi to declare ' for independence, first to demand swelling retinue of women who emulate lx'tter - care for women in the laws of. the "Ker virtues and carry on her work, " Do Vou- - tell me of her Vhosei blessed Republic; that giaud wouian, maligned by mission it is to ''cheer and conifort and pretty politicians, scorned by the ignorant '' Of. Harriet Chey, whom and tyrannical. command?, I will tell you of .LydiaMaria Childr the u ashm'gton chose as a companions when iie sat f(jr(.)ilbe.rt Stuart's celebrated portrait, first American to Write a book "demanding s the emancipation of the slave, because, as he "tells, us, "her genial conversation will give my cortuitenane its most the rights of women; over whose bier agreeable expression;' lovely anl. excellent Wendell Phillips said, "She was. the kind' Harriet Chew, to wjiom we t owe that per- of woman one .would choose" to represent' petual peace upon' the benignant face of woman's entrance into broader life modest, womanlyT sincere, solid, real, loyal, tb"be Washington I;' Then T will tell von" of Harriet Lane. trusted, 'equal to afTairs and.yet above them, that beautiful spirit of . light flas'liviigL?- .com pan ion v with the password of every ' i r nil ltv-.At1 II an luadiuic. ' ' s aviuiLcauu i iroiip i me somnre s naaows oi oucuanan administration; or of that marvel of the Beautiful are thexwomen of tlil. Revohi-tio- n World's Fair era, Bertha Honore Palmer, in the reflected iight of their daughters. winning .the" plaudits of two continents by Lucretia Mott, chosen by, the United States r humanitarians to represent the Republican theimperial- powerfif womanly "graces. Do you lell nieof Ann Gooch.of Virginia, the World's Society in Lon- - . mother of the great Thomas L. Bento.i, don, denied a seat because she was a woih- who taught lier son to be pure in his life an, and raising a storm of indignation and habits as a girl; who iu all his long which has opened the schools and colleges public life,, when, the standard of manhood and conventions of the world to women was trailed lower than now never drank, jane Gray Swisshelm whose printing or because he gam-blesmoked, .premised office Was mobbed in Pittsburg and its con" his mother never to tents- - thrown Vjn the. river lecause she deThen I wdl tell you of Lucy Webb ianded-the-repca- l-o Hayesioldmg to her convictions through in Pennsylvania relating, to women and storms of calumny and ridicule, never to children, thus starting an agitation that led ona table of her serv- to humane legislation. Lucy Stone, howled , place the wine-cu- p ing; Lucy Webb Hayes-- whose smile w;asa down by a mob in New York, yet living to benediction,' whom men loved, women see the day when she, was carried irilhe praised, and little children rising up, arms of that magnificent army of women,, called blessed. . of whose cause she was the pioneer, at the - Do me tell of "Mother" Bailey, World ' s Fair Congress of Wome.ii you Julia Dent Grant, eoind-- ' down with thp crpnpral acred at Fort Griswold, bringing the wife of the armies under the gunsof Vicksburg and the child to receive the last blessing of to .give her ' personal support to Annie -- .... ; ' . i- 1 -- and-pres- -- - 1 ml 1 - T . , 1 1 t I ( wl - - ; Anti-Slaver- : y . d ; do-so- ?- - -- , . " - - o , , seajclLmgor-the-voutidedroi- " . ig 1 j I will tell you of "Mother" "Bickerdyke, . on the battlefield at midnight, holding down her lantern to the faces ofthe dead, lest, perchance, some poor wounded boy had been left by the stretcher-beare- r to die .compiler of his records,, who preserved the , alone ajid uncomforted. manuscripts of 1775 1S04, acquired by J Do you tell me of Sarah Franklin Baehe, the go ve r nmen t in 1849, and which brought "daughter of Benjamin Franklin, ministerIto light the true history of revolutionary ing with her own hands to the sick aiid events? ' . wounded in the Philadelphia hospitals, Then I .will tell you of Jessie Benton collecting food and. money and medicine Fremont, wiife. of the great "Pathfinder, u directing twenty-twhundred women Jrl who led his famishad men over the snowthe sewing rooms, making garments for capped Rockies to richer conquest than did Washington's half-claarmv. vet withal Hannibal crossing the Alps. I will tell the helpful mother of a brood of little "K the. exemplarfTdornstic ? g'"er o2jcnuarenand TcSttesialor 1; United gave up Ihe pleasures virtues held by Marquis de Chastillu to of the capital to follow the. fortunes of a the women ofupFrance? . ed men in the neglected field hospitals. ; . . : - - - tellyou of the women resT,and I will Mitchell, : ' . ; ... c . e Iris-attenti- n ' of tliei Revolution is deep graven with the of the '.deeds of men dn the foundation-stonRepublic: Education in those days began at the mother's ' knee: the obiect lessons were example and precept rather tlian book and vrule In Jefferson's resolve never to enpublic office, in anyjmter-- ' gage, whrie-Jriie to i m jro ve his fortu ne, is retlected the brave mother, Mary Randolph, who taught her children to live the songs of freedom she "sang to them so sweetly beside the blazing log fires' of old Virginia. George Washington inherited his military genius from his" father through a long line of Norman warriors; frohvhis mother his indomitable, will, his imperious temper, his "hi.-- practical insight- - into the affairs 'of men. Vhen, allured by the spirit of adventure, he was about to enter the British Navy,, she turned tc cj v ile n gineering, th ro u g li : which h e wa s trained for the rigors of a seven years' war. His faith in the triumph of right and A .sublime- modesty in success was illustrated in his mother When .Lafayette called upon her, after Cornwallis's surrender, to congratulate her upon the victt )ries of her son "I am not surprised at what George has' he always was a good buy.'1 .. Washington's revereijJbrLihis-iiiotheaslmwTrvlTeiTTieh to her side his election as first' President,of the upon ; ;onjf niil!it? - to.erauon, and TaUttii: orihe women fiNewHHgbndrthtr'h-isxcr- ... r winxiiiiiz the" medals- -- oi 'kings and potentate.' ;l)o vou jviulout-th- of. Peni'sy ivania, 'the .frecdcm-loving liUliuders.' of 'New 'York, ;or:the"" Puritans - 1 ' t Citnt':ii1(oJ tne..w ... i?.5.s-.- - Thtu - ' T ' -. . n- pit ls they have built;, the hosts they. have' :i?ui nssisicci si lift : ii.it nwn i iv!?i it n';u. oi the soiU v. 'Vv r - . iC: ...'.' fc" - ''v. - ami-ti- r-- r. 1 'V::; and-Stanto- '. ' o d - ; I Anna Ella Carroll, true to the name and fame of Charles Carrojl of Carrollton, freeing her slaves to convert her patrimony into literature appealing to Maryland, by all her glorious past, to hold herself true to the Union. Anna Ella Carroll, counselor of Lincoln author of the Teiines: see campaign, for whose reward her country gave a cot in a free hospital and the martyr's entrance into the ranks of the immortals. Susan B; Anthony, tried and fined for voting at the Presidential election of 1S72 a. fine that still stands unpaid, because those who passed sentence believed her plea tha "resistance to tyranny is obedience to -- Go-;.- " n, ' '. B"t, like Paul, what shall I more say? rr-- " 