V, .... -- - 1 "'. '.', , CACHES 1'Al'KtfS 'NO - "- now J : MAiiV ann ciuciri.srivi - r. 'i .Tr '' I(. rV(;-- . t- 2 .; he ' i iet w I - ; . imt - , ''tetttrini eucourHtred Cunci actt;'TvT his gracious invitation. to aojormrinv mm into his h'oue, with viibeI 1 wwtfSi AStfli' ' ;pr?xteded:t(3rgurmeout of mv vivs:. " You see Mrs. Blinkenstoffer, heaven has - to thafuf.Hlu: advent oi a"now circus oi a b ind, of Assyrian beggars with li danc- ing bear, Has juSt been m progress; indeed, t arFyour dinner:,- -' -Why, jti. our stomachs, Of eour:e-:I-;- xv AM yiiin hy :u pi ''And if I ren furnish' you villi '"ti fuffWHctrlv --W- -wr ,.Q( (:nie ter 'iinkcnfurr,"' JJf ; . . I - : '4 .1 " 1 1 " " ; : . " .. . y s . 11 : p , e - of-man- , ' . , - ' - " -- .' , - - . 1 " , : . . one-side- . d 1 . ' ' ttoii--1"3"1- h , ' what-woul- d 4 ' . - J ififtv-seve- n. - r . . a J Big-bu- tie-fello- g t- -j w -- . . ' jt : . t- . - - . Big-bu- g pig-pe- n ' er , j Iow-soP'he-ask- 'ed: : i -- . . - - 1 -- ab-se- nt and" . - ! . j - ; " . .. " ,- - - pt : ' ; : - rs k "at-tendin- u i.hin, ' nui- ,- 1- m . v. , ; ; inf jj a coimlhtorv tone, ''Don't get .implanted in the huhrau' breast r aj fy ;J on waj,Y. w;mt. f "did for the &ocd call it love i sc'nti meritor what; you like, r the pulm STnngtowu liasiaruiy yet quit vnnr.,ir aml f,mvJ ami , should have a feeling which: between the sexes., may r .... ;, ,.rr ..... .iMir '',! t.r stopje'd when I asked .yoii yvhiiyoU were be likened tOa golden chain. It holds man ' will notjnnil there is st'inethiiig more ex i and woman together; It is as different from , doing." .. take-it" to place. citing "Well," I .exclaimed', "I will ttlj you, I allrother jeelings as you can' imagine, and You "in st. know, we have a. Suffrage As- - too am 'iuthe, field attending, to my busi-- . while it ii strong as steel when properly It'is but a youthful ness. My husband 'does not know of it, nourished a single false-ste"... sociatiou in our town. will break the affair, and its 'members are but "children in but i( he jlid,' he Would favor the "movea link and they each fly' off at tangent ahd a been tlwrir inthe ment for proof of whiclr assertion you may it requires a. twenty horse power-enginto "politics etc. Yet it has a and honest a good smil, side ask him." bringthem together" ' and source of wonder edjnmentamong many "Oln Judge, ' I exclaimed laughing' in I picked up the paper, thcsWith words, who suppose we meet together to talk about and with all the I could 'command, h"is face at this mixture of sentimentalism tlignity to atoms: their characters tear and the men, and engineering, "What has all this fobde-ro- l of a burst door to the walked laughduring Poor mistaken creatures, they never come ter which I'. realized-wasAre you goto do with the question. at the expense of near to satisfy, themselves as to our good ' ing to sign or not?" the. pompous Puff. . ' and our efforts to improve and lift "Hold on, Mrs. B. I'm coming to that , of "come back" cries I reca.lled was by and ourselves from the mire of ignorance more about this' "I directly, I was just going to remark that I to want. hear "We superstition: but, hiding their heads, give want to sign that paper," I swallowed my believe this here Woman's Suffrage busiway to morbid forbodings of the terrible wrath, and went back. For one hour and ness is going to break-- a liiikof this golden state of society which will ensue if this th i rteen n'l i n u tes I stood ,'talki i k e a steaiu chain, and Tf it does, we'll all go to the ng i of , But ir spite opposition thing goes on. of explanation, before-- got dickens together." way by engine and and we are growing gaining strength, "Well" I replied cheerfully, "so long as that- crowd to understand what I really "now" are a of like .infants larger growth, wanted. Mr. Dohed was positive I was we go together it will be all right. There with bread a little .our milk'; take to able about that. Now I've i to enlist members for theuffrage is nothing ng try imr as ail such while opposition Jbut;serves Association, an did'nt wanthis wife and. got your wife's and daughter's signature, . effort. renewed to petus there .and' get stuffed with am I going, to have yours?" We have a president of whom we are daughters'to go "I suppose so-- he replied as meekly .as ti me to "0USfl So. the other .day, This done, he. started again-oproud, to say the least. with tliLMn as it was, and he did'nt need be. :'wheir'5hieaTrea"a''"special meeting-- for "the get along his subject, and I left'him in the midst b scorns of him in case know' busiand -' transaction of "Special important of a sublime syllogism on the unity of the more airs. any they put.on and 'immediate was.au hearty male and female elements which ended, ness," there first and withthe we' into pttper signed Digdeep Without details, going I can't tell where or how. response. a. merry twinkle in with but out comment, a of a each there were petition, copy given Richard Benjamin Singlemaii, bachelor volumes.' that his spoke eyes a clause suffrage that favoring equal askinc next claimed my attention. aeed Duff did'nt. want his wile closeted aU He lives on the7 corner of be inserted.in the State Constitution then in and Li with a crowd of drunken Jurors. In to with instructions night of manufacture, Streets with his aged and widow-- . process imwas a such that I vain thing as explained many sigcanvas the town, and secure little woman in the L met it ed mother, the meekest laws. under existing possible natures as possible. world, as his housekeeper. In response to I until all from and classes, " aud. unex-'everywhere, ' To all, this seemed a 'fitting question she simply said, "Ask Dicky" decided that it washigh tune women my of the some finally remove to Ben " In reply to my question as to jxcted opportunity mem if drunken a admitted 0:1 were .with iury and , where , L should find UiatjnJrjetirj prejudice existing against, us, gcrea : institution an universal so were bers our on e set out errands, faces we cheerful back yard. wufene-aTdTTTTTli. Mr. T' FeerefulsaiowjTiiieiiweT and our as to complete I found him. m , the, act. of filh ng his nothing doubting 111 case of war and.iT they had equal rvice T i success. m r a n Viirwtc:.vvifn fnAfl rtor nw mere told him ju t. oils more have hence would suffraee rights they Main and of district the I ' I had a paer for him to sign, was.assigned "than men, which would be entirely wrong, the set about once at and T streets; ."All right," he said, come with me out I said with spirit, "That re"Indeed," canvas finish to that, my and be tellin.' me bout it business, thinking to the our that to is mark admitting in equivalent afternoon, and report success the evening. aVe while L work." and Besides, is cause you of right. establishment just I went into the mercantile I followed his denim clad form, bent un-dare women idea that in the exempt a l wrong Puff, Duff and Digdeep, to purchase pen-.cipath . from service." of absence and apaper of pins. In the odorous abode of that much the to leading I something better to do; tjieojyid: uares aespiseu Mui ubciui auimrttri4iK.iiig u oiue the have women dozen "Why. some half aToWdistorelvith sireaK uie w uuic uinc, witu iuc luuowing ot war time all during a t'r.V , of time the with other shining lights talking enect"Please explain." of sages, on the subject 'of politics, Having emptied his buckets to the wait' I went " gravity have" the care "Well on, "they "is my opportunity, "Now," thought I, ing, grunting quadrupeds,he set them down the anxiety for and home of the family, for mood our the in be right just Implanted hisjiobnailed shoes firmly on the they Will loved ones, well perfectly Being ' f ground, placed his arms akimbo, and looked proposition what?" 'And me squarely in the face from under his acquainted with all, I had no hesitation in and said I slowdy impressively, , in I "Well," which did, paper ; approaching Ihem, grizzled eyebrows. "If it were not for the women,, where shaggy, hand. "Wall, you see, missis," he began with men of An soldiers? be army would your have, "I as me an' t sposed "Gentlemen," I said cheerfully, emphasis, "Such fellers and labor of care, a pain ' degree V represents .a paper. for you to sign." estimated. to have an opinion on these here subjects, be cannot which inand considerable anxiety 'em all the same, And my They at once exhibited use denying itvwTome'u have, but we've got no is there from Oh, th2 took my paper terest. Mr. Puff hardest row to hoe Opinion is this. I .find it mighty, hard to the had. have and always .his to aloud it colleagues. ; keep up my end of the neck yoke, as tis. hand, and read world. this in followed' . by ensued, silence ,1 An ominous and I would'nt have no kind of show it the I' so tuc " uiu Mr reeremi signeu pauci, to te. boss enttrely tor Puff, pompously and severely enquirDuff and Dol.ed , women-folk-v ;Mr. onlv Puff, ''' others, , man) save myself from bem' com- that reason, i"g. "Mary Ann Blinkenstofier, where, is in p.)Ucemen aiid your lmsband."' me that" time warned kdvertisemeut-clocg In the fields I replied innocently, ' tlle act of begrnn.ng a remark made a hasty exit; leav- - ' and'l , tohis Suslnss." " over the shocking affair at ' tntnlk v the urchildren?"-MIi And where are Continucd on page 275, ' leisure. schoof-roo," I answerecb simply.; :;. 7 their - . : 