VV Li TV ir ,..,....i1.:'l. i - - tion "Welcome and Honor to the Aged,'.' There was a full commiUnf clijKtA oesmes rue committee oi -- 29 which all feel gratitude to God for his care over these veterans. Great credit is due also to the very efficient management of the able committee who never for the comfort of the visitors; and at the entrance over the archway was the inscrip- - . p M A N vS EX f'Q NhN T . pre-servin- God with all their, might,' mind and mv strength-arnever forgotten 'No indeed, tiey have the same care that a child. tffcr --Wntirsriiook of Nephi, fourth verse, he tells us, "In the beginning of the reign g by-Hi- v- - itliyhtul .undertaking. bait- - Lake tind called on the people to repent or the great city Jerusalem would be destroyed. Therefore his father Lehi prayed earnestly to the : Allow me to ask, are not these the days Lord in behalf of his people, and as he our ' Savior foretold should come, when He prayed there came a pillar of fire, and said "In the last days the Lord will pour dwelt upon a rock before hitn, and he saw and heard much, and because of the things out His Spirit upon all flesh." Can we fail to realize this to be even so, that he saw and heard, he did quake and tremble exceedingly, Then returned to whenjwe see Jiow: it has -- enli vened and his own house at Jerusalem jmd cast himq uickened t h e u n ders taud i n g of 111 any , who " were endowed with faculties to understand self npii his bed being .6vercbme by that readily some one of the many sciences; for which he saw and hearci.f?,: But the Jews did moekmT and would instance, such as the ppwer of steam, 'arid how to govern and control it to advantage; not believe there' was an oauger of de-- . also electricity which is another powerful struction. After this the Lord appeared to agent and needs great skill to use it safely, him in a dream, blessing him and telling and then what wonders may be performed him to take his family into the wilderness and leave Jerusalem for it is to be destroyed. in bringing messages. Only think of speaking by telephone to a friend forty miles or He did so; then conies a history of his so great as yet-n- ot more.away, and can hear so distinctly you travels can tell if it is a man or woman who is those who were destroyed in the great speaking. to you, and hear all they say; and city. Please read the book and behold what only since 1844 when the.first telegram was sent from Baltimore to Washington. Now it is sent by cable across the ocean so quickbelieved all his father had spoken, then had ly that the death of the Czar of Russia was the same sight himself. Then he was taught here in the papers the next day, the 2nd of to build a ship and take his family to a Nov. and he died on the 1st of Nov. ' And choice land, where prosperity attended their only think, the first steamship crossed the enorts even as He was tola, saying, "it ye ocean in 1819, not quite 77 years ago, and will keep my commandments ye shall proswill now go in. eight days, orless, a distance per in the laud." We find this promise Which took a sailing vessel 2 to 3 months to often repeated in this book, and never to get there. Nor are these all the wonderful fail when strictly keeping the command' feats that have been performed in 77 years, ments of God our Father. . about the time when I first saw the. light of ' I greatly admire the history of King Ben- now but even this at timeof I day, life, am d in d3 ill 111 i 3 IJUKJts. W111JC and science. delighted by captivated to his people he said. "I say unto you, as Especially by our sewing machines I have been suffered to spend my days in Which prove such a blessing, and were first your servicer even up to this time and have in operation in 1841, only 54 years ago. not sought gold nor silver or any niamiex Neither have I suflered Theu our pliotojrajjlisinciL von he shotiui rnntitieri 111 nnturpntK nnr thirrkyet ta&Tour shadow so accurately it is indeed charming; besides this farming that ye should make slaves or one another, machinery so quicklydone, that one man or that ye should murder, or plunder or will do the wTork of five men, all is speed, steal, or commit adultery or do any manner of wickedness. Buc have taught you speed, until one is nearly bewildered. Would it not be well to stop and think, to keep the commandments of the Lord in who gave us every faculty of mind and all things, and even I myself have labored with minepwjiJiandshat-Intghtserv- e7 body we possess? and who will call usJoani hcre is ended you, and that you should .nbt-Ji- laden with m The on triis eartn, ror to cue is one 01 the laws taxes and that nothing grievous should swit music and Apostle Brigham You nor of come upon you, as ye yourselves are wit we must and when Father nature, go veteran fathers the and ness this day. Yet I do not say these spke briefly t? m)the"rsiu Israel. Agriis Oisen Thomas calls us home. Now it is written "God is to boast. Neither do I tell it to accusethings, iti'swist voice sing "Away Down on the a spirit, and those who worship Him must but I tell it, that ye may know that I you, can worship in spirit and in truth, and knowing answer a S wane'e River." Apostle F. M Lyman as conscience before God this good lie did, the danger' we would be in at mide a few telling remarks and stated his day. I do not desire to boast, for I have belief that the old. folks were, increasing, this time when pomp and a grand display only been in the service of God. And th Might that ' 'those who. p issed "a way of what the human 'family can do, was I tell it that ye may learn Wisdom should be able to carry goad jiews to the uppermost in the mind of all. He has a and learn when ye are in the service of other sidi and tell them ho w We" loved and sacred record hid up for this fast age, a your fellow beings, ye are only in the sercherished the old folks." Hebelieved Utah time of great danger to the thoughtless and vice of God. Book of Mosiah, 2nd chapter., simplewho kuow not God and care less would become remarkable for love and reNow do we find I would where rulers ask, perhaps. spect to the aged. A duet was finely rentins' of kind Yet such men must today. This record is a guide the same as the dered by Misses Frampton and Swenson of before rule and comes to Jesus reign again, Pleasant Grove. Patriarch John Brown mariner's compass is to the sailor on theHe must find a righteous people reign. cjntrasted the Dreserit situation rVith that ocean, snowing us tne upwara ana onward when He comes : again to. earth.' of ,1847, when he came' here witl the course is the right one to save us from not this reasonable to suppose?. Dp At "the close of this pleasant struction: It is called the Book of Mormon; notIswe learn from this book the importance name of the one who has charge of the gathering, Doxology was sung and the record. Was not this record preserved for of being a righteous people if we would K l l,vy Vhlrr ln V prosper in this land? Taylor. It is quite remarkable that these the express purpose of teaching this generaWe also learn from, holy Writ, the excursions always end happily, nothing of tion how to prepare to meet their Lord and We plainly see while Bible, there are times and seasons for every , serious .nature ever having .occurred to Kiug? I think so. mar the trannquility of the aged people, for t: reading this history that those who love purpose wider the sun. As you remember '. Pleasant , WHAT IS OUR POSITION" TODAY. Grove were, a number of leading cittzens of Salt Lake and Utah counties and Apostles Brigham Young, John Henry Smith, F. M, l.yman and H. J.t'Grant, also lilders J. G. Kimball, Jos. K. Taylor! C. W. Ten rose, W. N. Dusenbury and ..Mayor Bullock of Pleasant Grove 'and the pioneers John Brown and Henson Walker; juany came from .adjacent settlements', and the attendance as a whole nunief- oiis; There were i ,200 over seventy .""front" Salt Lake Co. alone, besides those from Utah Co. The exercises of the: day began by the1 Old Folks choir singing' "Auid Lang Syne." Apostle F. M. Lyman offered prayer, the choir sang V' We Shall Know," and Mayor Bullock delivered the address of Welcome, after which a bouhteous repast . was .served in excellent style to all in the grove, and greetings and conversation of other days folbweti which is always a feature of old folks pienies. A call for ail over ninety years Tof age to come to the platform was responded to by reveral and it was found late on that there were present eight persons over ninety. Mrs. Margaret PlouU ninety-fivwho was at Haun's Mill' Mrs. Jennette Aircf 'ninety, six, Mrs. Sarah Free ninety-five- , Mrs, widow, of Dr. Sprague Sprague ninety-two'- , so well known in Utah in the early days; Litus Davis ninety, Xancy Norrell ninety, Mary Argent ninety. two. While the crowd were coming together,: the Lehi band played arid the Old' Folks sang the favorite hymn composed bySister Kliza R. Snow, M0 My Father." Elder George G)dd irdcime to the front aid was receive J with great applause, he stated that Bro. C. R. Savage had originated the m 0 tenuut--o ivi iixf- -t hcrdiiaoTks a a rniuaT excursion, which has now been continued twenty years. Bro. Goddard in his char- acteristic way asked all to stand who were with the first excursion twenty, years "before, an! abjut thirty-fivrosi in response. Bro. Goddird is a great favorite cm these occasions as will as in all S:m h v . . was-ver- y : , . and-afilictio- ns sig-nifice- nt - e, . t-- g . I 111 laiK-iil- . " 11 e S.-hn-ol ts. n-einn- be-hol- - - . . . " . . . -- 1 1 i - de-pionee- ( - rs. , benpdiotin-r.VnnmtnPr- - r - : d, 