J' 204 .Ttr: '3 T.iliiun h (icoie ilalitday Jujluwcd, tetUi;vii; Lilivtuial liLhd- .Cotton States Ul) by a toiKoui . f rtKiii-rtu th to it Kt f'll.lr her ttt:I fl' Vtrfiw; in lief inrlY.' IiIbiik In,,! ..,.1 DlKS la kir ci tvay. last week, in the presence 61 a .very larce ItesKlt-nt.Also IJiler luhvard U. Harding, sptjkt jn Jbe... .;hUAr.KTli.Hjix, crowd" Mrs. Joseph: Thoinpspn, Pres'ideut k a kc m-'- i I Hans kn, Hcc strain," bchi oueof her "childhood1 playT ;same' of the Woman 's made ashort" speech ," r . .. aim then with a trowel ."iurmshed bv the of 1.he. "saints who die ii raii,u.- oauHuaffj contractor; laid the iirst stone of the strtie- Lord, ture." "The Vomaris Building ,.,:n "Vfr;)lOT ;XSvmAlfiTey (Vreen, Wiltshire, Kiieluui, April. 27, 1S31. The closing hymn, -'Sister thou wast mild arid in" ted aiid-'vliUernatioiia- rl Kxj-xxsitio- , I c I J . - Bo-art- .. ' . ij ' A ir . 1 - 1 - ' -- ' t. - .-. r- -- ' early' July. The. annual pamphlet of the National V pie - She embraced the (nosj)el in her native town, m the year' 1S50 and was baptized by Elder John Chisle4tf- - She left her native land for the GosLake pel's sake, in the year 4S53, aniving in Salt ' American Woman buOrae Association; contains the inniut.es of the Atlanta Convention; reports of plan of workcommittee-Kansas nnd New York Canrpaigns, standing committers, and of auxiliary States, the resolutions," National and local constitutions, list of the officers of the National Association, and' life members, financial report for i 94, list;i)T"sYahdiug committees, and ' much other information of value. Kv.ery suffragist should order a copy at Price fifteen cents. Address Harriet once Taylor Uptou, Treasurer, Worreii, Ohio. : lovely, was feelingly sung by the choir. ' After the benediction by Elder O. H. Berg, her .many friends were privileged to view her mortal remains.' J A large procession followed them to her last resting pface. The dedicatory prayer was offered by Elder Edward Peay. When, all that was mortal of thjs loved one,' was left to sjeep the sleep' of ' the jusrt, flatil Christ shall come. . . '. v ; Cityin. 1S54. In November of the same year she becaine the wife of the late Henry Saunders of rrovo. ; From that time until her death she has been a faithful member of the Chiwch. Also an" active .worker in the Relief Society, having helcHlhe office of treasurer of the of the ' . First Vard; from its organization under President Young, in May .1868. She embraced order, of marriage and lived it. For many years 'she was an earnest- worker in the Sabbath School' On the morning, of March ip"" 1S95,1 she was . stricken with paralysis, she bore-thi- ' s.id aflliction . 1." .r I: .....' 1. . I, .1 wmi uie patience anu ioruiuue wiucii iias cnarac-terizeher life. Though she. could not speak, yet with a'smile and a nod did she recognize, OBITUARIES.' everything that was done for her. She nwer rallied from the stroke, but passed Died at. I'araeoonah Iron Co. November 11 away peacefully at the time mentioned. 1894, of general debility, Margaret Owens, wife of i iki luiitiiii wets iicrm ucsu.i), iM uu ioy, at thejTirst Ward Meeting House. The Relief Thomas K. Owens, born at Lalan Loedy, Cyr mer Brekbrishire, South Wales; Nov. 4th, iSu tollcrwiJd"T.lie mourners, each " lesuV LatChurch into of of Christ the baptized wearing a white, badge. The white casket was in in to America 1S4S; emigrated covered with choice;, flu wen;,; the gifts of her nuterday Saints . 189, emigrated to Utah in 1863. She bore her merous friends. aiinctions wunoui a murmur anu cneu arm in we ; The sentiment in evergreen on' the 'wall, "Live to have aith, She leaves a husband, seven children, and was beautifully illustrated in mourn to : her. loss twenty-on- e life. . her grandchildren Sister Owen was also a .teacher in. the .Relief . Bishop Knudsen presided. The choir rendered Society of Paragoonali ward, and she is greatly ''Hark from afar a funeral knell." Prayer by missed in the Society. iMay she rest in peace un: Counselor Coliouh, after singing, "Down by the til themorning of the first resurrection. River's Verdant Side." EUer James Ei Daniels ' read a sentiment to her "memory from the Relief Mary E. Fohsvthe. Society, testifying to her integrity and faitiiful-nes" r Wii are called to mourn the death of our be-- . .. . , . Iwcd Sister Mary Anderson, who died of an JMrs. Electa BulfocJ; read the.foilowin-bpoem Mrs. Lydia D. Alder Salt Lake City. operation of a tumor, Jan 2nd, 1S95.: Sister Mary was born in Denmark, july 15th, 1843; was Counselor iii the Big Cottonwood Ward Relief Society A TRIBUTE OF LOVI .'which office she has faithfully filled. She was In memory of Sister Sarah B .. Saunders.) guiet and unassuming in her disposition but firm in the principles of her religion. She was faithful in the performance of her So die'the beautiful! "duties, working for the benefit of the society, Beautiful of thcught and beautiful of life; .visiting the poor and comforting those in trouble; As the radiant sun i the crimsoa West, her rrame is worthy of record. She leaves a kit'd Sinks o'er the world's sad strife. husband'and a host of friends to mourft her los?, in died children their her infancy. So die the beautiful! Com. : yho pass from earth away; : " In memory Hannah M. Wright who In worlds of liht a f r'FdlvhTte" a theH 10m e--i rTMiir died - v : Creek j Salt Lake; CbT They dwelt in endless day. She was born in Sheffield, England, MarclTth, '' So die the beautiful, i8i4,and was the daughterof George and Ann U Who leave lifs weary load; She was the wife of Elder Joseph Wright two and leaves sons three daughters, With sandals loose, tread the golden streets, deceased; and eighteen great v twenty five Of our Father's blest abode? grand children to. mourn her loss. Brother and Sister u nght emigrated to Utah m ' So die the beautiful! : the year 1849, located in Salt Lake City, for a. JVtevlHey-ga- o rest :short time, then moved to Mill Creek Ward-And sleep the leep of Death's repose whertrsieiresideitTTnTil her death. Sister Wright was a faithful Latter-da- y Saint. Like babe on mother's breast. She was all that" constitutes aHrue woman, gentle So live the beautiful! and kind in her domestic circle, she vas a lovwife faith and. mother,. Possessing great ing' The beautiful who never die; caused her to withstand acute suffering in order Soothed by Love's breath, ori the other shore, that she might cleave unto her family as long as , --Life's river rolling by. possible. Hr parting waj as peaceful as though quietly falling asleep. She was surrounded by So live the beautiful! all her children, all that loving hands could do for For loved ones clasp the'trembling hand;, her was done. - She was a faithful member of the" Relief And open wide the. pearly gates, Society altho' unableto nieet with her sisfers,she liberally, ; That guard the 'Better Land.", donated to the poor and suffering; She performed a noble work in the St. George O glorious life for the beautiful, , -- was one for her dead. Brother Temple Wright 7 Who trod the weary way of the first who was called to Dixie to settle" that Up the toilsome steep with aching feet, country, he obeyed the call taking a part of the With falling tears would pra family with him: V Sister right's .Tuneral was;heciin:-the-Mi- H So live the beautiful! Creek Ward louse; the services were, conducted I When the race is safely run; by Bishop j.C. Hamilton; appropriate- remarks were made byx President Joseph E. Taylor, Bishop And the Father says "Come home, come home, McRae, Elder Jolin .Kedington and several of the " life is work well done." Thy local brethren, wHch-we- xre very, consoling to the bereaved family. Lovingly, The remains were followed to the Vrard Ceme Lydia D. Alder. " , COMMUMCATKU. Relief-Society- the-Patriarc- .. Clubs were entertained by the U ta I r Woman's Press Club and the Reaper's Club on- Tuesday evening, April 30th, at the residence of. Mrs. II, S. Youn yho kindly for the reception. Tlie house was prettily decorated in Apple' Blossoms and dainty refreshments were served to the guests, a program consisting . - ! ' . d offered-'herhom- e . - iioaety-in-a-body- ' - s 3 Tin: officers of the Utah Federation of . - of-musi- 1 uti yj, ' j.w','-."1'is'''Ji.iwi,- of the evening. - vi vicujii.c mm auticu 10 me enjoyment- - uuui.jj - , - Salt Lake S.hcol , students from this school ' examinations before ' the Utah Medical IJoard of Kxamingrson the first of January and received licenses to practice NUMiuTk of s. - ; . 1 . " . - I - " Obstetrics Oi and Hursing. . . Obstetrics. Mrs.. Lizzie II. Shipp will coin- mence a Summer Class on the sixth of May in the Fourteenth Ward Relief r Society Hall. The terms for entire course is Books six- dollars. Those desiring further information address 34 S.-- Kast St. . 'l . ten-dollar- - 7 ' ' 'tffrs. onarcIizrd5r at-son- .i ' grand-childre- - . ' -- ; villi; ' Cs-eperaiivglnsi- Keeps on Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- POIS E WAISTS, ETC. - " Dress iHklngr Jn all its tranche?, .Millinery, later stylt ?, Ilni and ItonneU cleaLed arid retrimmed - - No 41 'RmVttejiplktiii?i.:t opp. Grant Bro. Stable ' - R.K.THOMAS - . . " 1 " V X - . - . - - " 26,28,30aria32 East Isl SonttiSt, SALT LAKE CITY. The, Leading Retail House R.K.THOMA S v . 