J AVUAlAX',SkXlHJNiUN.:l. ute tee So the d ivs nwt- - . Anlhuuv and nuv tint hour mieo; Mis .Anthony' -- .r.. co hue f 1 1 1UVC htviers. - 7r So m IV. Tu t vvtU CAUUnt - tell vuu men will --oIU .Muiuaisi iauguag;c, lor am a 3ieun- dist, I: consider. it an honor to be here. You - know AvV'.MetlrodtsU ' when', we .i..)me.. out do-l- thl. 11' tttt.tfc t III .it. T and cannot else, we say 44it is ood to be here' and I am glad to be here vith these men and women who breathe this free air, (for it is very light air; it makes one long to ily), long enough to have the spirit of freedom in their hearts. I cannot understand that, kind-o- f anian-w- ho lelieves th$ Lord took aii' more especial iiiterest in him than he does in anybody idse on earth and wheii a mau thinks he has. than a "a divine riHiffo Ce any more-fre- e woman, I think there is something the (Laughter and . G(xl gives woman as well as man freedom of action, God does not compel woman any more than he does man, to obey his laws and do his will. He .places before us a just and right course ofj conduct in life, - he makes it possible for us. He knows in his divine law that no human lx;ing can be moral who is not believed to be moral and that no human being can be immoral who is not believed to be immoral and that there is no virtue in morality unless we have his leve. He places before us the road to virtue and the road to vice and if we choose the road to virtue and well jdoing then we will have strong moral character. Now just why it should enter into the head of man that woman should not be just as free on the earth, I cannot understand, unless it is that man has never been quite satisfied with woman because the Lord didn't consult him when he cieated us. '(Laughter.) And so they have never been able to quite adjust us to their taste because the Lord made us wdieu man was asleep and he never thought to wake him up to ask his advice about us. (Laughter.) They have been Uying to remedy the defects the Lord made. and" Ihey have made us a great deal worse than the Lord did in the beginning. Just look at the kind of dresses we have been wearing with shoulders humped up higher than our heads. The Lord never made us that way, it was a man dressmaker in Paris.. Out here in the West some (Laughter-.in o of the men are conscious thaLlhe-best4do is to let us alone and we will be a great deal better friends, sisters, wives and daughters and above all a great deal better women for I would rather be a woman than to be any kind of a relation to anybody. But the difficultyof this all is that we women have been legislated for as relation to somebody. We have never been treated as men, they don't make laws for men, for brothers and sons, fathers and husbands, they make lawsfor men as men. Now when they begin to consider woman as an individual responsible in herself, responsible to her God, responsible to the State, responsible to society, responsible to her ) h . Jhmnendjp in her own . I ) I 11 i . 111 Vi- 1 1 1 - S could, not 1 - use inv ballot m- unv wiv .bin unenuie time came I would use it, just as you use it would he yours just exactly, as I none of ."your , business. (Laughter) iio more would it Ik my business how '.you used your ballot. Now we cannot tell how anv individual woman will use'her ballot. We can tell for the aggregate woman exact-laggregate man I cannot tell you - - -.'-- only a nrrwu Van't jm 11, man m a nouse ' tm a eat that" is fh.. . it , it. . .is 11 Iiqii a wo. lias only two rooms 11 not a 1 .- " --- only "naif a home, you lime without man 'and woman, and you uumot get an ideal state without men and - tap-roo" y e : I I-k- , g-t- being Just as soon as we treat women as individuals just as we treat men, it will be a great deal better for both woman and man. You men 5 are to realize it now. beginning am hearing all the time when the women1 - j ! j ot f lf tap-ro- ot j I j ' tap-ro- ot pig-iro- j I i one-hal- tap-roo- t. j v one-iial- ! life-while' ' j l of-th- e j tap-roo- tap-roo- one-hal- tap-roo- icveT-haTenheIiigh- est . one-hal- - - ' t. women. 1'resideiit.JUliot, of Ifarvard University, t said "The family is the of the State" and President Klliot is opposed to Woman Suffrage. Like all other "men who are onthe wrong side "of"the question he is but I can' tell you pretty generally what about as inconsistent as a weather vane, I never saw one that wasn't. There is not a the body of your men "would vote man on the otlier side of the question that the" financial condition, If the material condition, and the industrial could argue fifteen "minutes without deny- condition of vour Territory I would know mg every principle of the declaration of howthe individual man would vote and the rights in the end, dorft care whohe, is he man would vote for the financial."- - denies every principle 011 which; his own aFPreFate . industrial and material interests. I cannot right of freedom is based before he gets tell how any woman would vote, but I through. In regard to President Elliot's of could tell you how the aggregate woman remark that the "family is the tap-rov tlie take now state" the of root you would vote, the aggregate woman would tap of the vote for the best interests of home, family anything, and cut one-haand society; for the best, interests of moral from its connection with the thing which draws.its life from it whether it is a tree or character and highest moral development, and T believe as long as the world stands it state with only one hall gf its life con-- ; will be the uniform result of the vote of nected, why that part of the tree or any-- i the bodies of women to look after the thing which should derive its vital power which has. highest interests of the hbme, while man from that "part of the been severed, will decayV .will' die,'- and n will vote in the interests of salt, wood, of the what will be the result? The Avhole body anyd other material interests country, I believe women will look after will finally decay, because of the defeat in of the f There are some the higher moral interests of the community; not because women are so much treesitjs said near the ruins of "old Babylon of which are green and filled with, f wiser than men, but it has been the plan of the other half are dead, and these society that the work of man should be to lookafter the material interestsof the family, Are an exact type of the kind of a state and woman after the moral, educational and tiatrs severed from connection with the of" , physical - interests family. Now I half of the life of the people, one-hal-f the life of the of the. state. So t claim that the reason men have not succeeded better in the government is because they InotwithstandingrPresident Elliot's beauti-- ! t have not. tried, I think they have done a ful simile that "the family' is the of f great deal in some directions that is not of the state" he wants to cut off t of the state. It can never be because they have not tried, it is because the they have tried and discovered by experience done; it will never be done; and yojji.jvyjlL., that which God saidJnie4egiiimng that" and best life until come in contact with the whole life of it was not good for man to undertake anyyou the state by bringing women in. thing alone (applause.) I don't want to be understood as drawing comparisons beI am so glad that the men of Utah have tween men and women, all I say is that had the good sense to see it in time. I am men are not everybody and that women are so glad that a majority of the men in your not nobody men are somebody and women Constitutiwial Convention which means a are somebody too, and two somebody's majority of the men of your state, hadjhe are needed in the home tojnake a home good sense printtdtkes-tjothienilf- d women to make ciple and lawtnrecognizetheTnal of God that women had rights a state. I don't care how lovely a , spinand man is only f and woman is the ster's home may be even Miss Anthony other half. They caii never impress upon delightful and charming as she is, Miss state or society anything else than the enAnthony's old maid home is not as delight- tire law of nature demands that recognition. ful a home as Mr. and Mrs. Anthony 's or But you men have made a failure of the Mr. and Mrs. somebody's old home would government. If we had had control of the ' not be, nearly so, although she has a charmgovernment Aye probably would have made old And my home, Miss quite as many failures and more home; ing especially Anthony's niece, who is my secretary and in regard to silver, gold and the tariff perI, have a delightful home and we fill it full haps than you, but we are about as able to of people, but we allow no male on the settle it as you are, you can no more do it premises except a male grasshopper: but no alone than we can do it alone. Miss Anmale man is allowed there. Now wre have thony and I. knew we were coming out to a not the highest kind of a home, we have a silver coun tryowJimLcrainmed-ourse- l ves jolly jjoodJimeJmJLi .Butrar vitTrCoinsFinancial School and there is theTiome lTnofldeal with only one woman can ask us about silver that we in it, and .think of a home with a man iu nothingyou cannot tell you. We know alfabout it; but ' it (laughter) a man was never able to make men have just been doing for the, gova home, home is where the woman is, a man you all along in the past just exactly and a woman can make a home but a man ernment what the gold men are trying to do. Do cannot make any kind of a" home. You you remember in that first book of Coins' put him in a house, it is a house, I don't Financial School you have a picture of what as-th- r - .7,7-.cannot get an idea j -- , IK i ' the balU, t - Inregard to self government, i rvnt nTi'Tnau K-liev- e ng matter with his head. k ate how Uititiful it is, thev' wil u tint 7 vyimten do with thFTullot' vote 1!,.., Will do 