. .. . - ." .v Z, . M - - tJiC Rights of tht Women ; .; 2. KnInnd xnomhly Meeting J Latin. J. M. IVtersen A Story. Utiles' S emt- - I). Alder.. R. S. Report Colorado Woman's Greet-- . 1 . J'oi ty. Years-Ma- n jed.'-- ' ARE Till- . O S. ' :IYr And In Rehalf." - MUSIC-MAKERS- . We are the , And we are the dreamers of dreams, Wandering by lonVsea-breakerAnd sitting by desolate streams music-maker- - - s, ; " ; ' - A. O. S. s, and On whom the pale mooi gleams; Vet we are the movers and shakers O the world forever, it seems. world-forsaker- 1 s. Can trample a kingdom down. ; . -- j J '', in the buried past of the earthr I'wild Nineveh with our singing, And Babel itself in our mirth; And oxrth.ro w. them with prophesying To the Old and the New World's worth; Fur p ?.c?lJairp-irtftrrrrtrrati.'rdy in g, Or one that is coming to birth. ' -- c- A breath of our inspiration Is the life of each generation ; A j&w-diea- life-wor- over-confide- ui nt r k; . how-suitabl- er -- , 11 and-bee- They had no vision amazing Of the goodly house they are raising; 1 hey. had no divine foreshowing Of the land to which they are going: But on one man's soul it hath broken, A light that doth not depart; And 'his look, or a word he hath spoken, Wrought flame in another man's heart. And therefore to-dis thrilling With a past day's late fulfilling; ay , And the multitudes are enlisted faith that their fathers resisted, And, scorning the dream of TrelKinging to pass,"asxthey may, In the world, for its joy or itssorrow, Fhe- dream thafwas scorned yesterday. In-th- e - But we, vidiour dreaming and singing, Ceaseless and sorrowless we! The glory about us clinging Of the glorious futures we see, . Our souls with high'rnusic ringing: O men! it must ever be That we dwell in our dreaming and singing, mue apart trom ye '- . ' e d step-moth- wondrous thing of our dreaming, Unearthly, impossible seeming The soldier, the king and the peasant Are working"together in one, -- Till. shattbecome their present, And their work in the world be done. - good expectations of success Sidney an unostentatious way; so like your father, Barrington . was stilL in Kncrland. lookincr and I know he would approve your course; after legal matters, and trying to induce but for Anna I "cannot agree .with you it auon u to return Turn to seems to me you are .with vong Anna America, or to enter one of the colleges and knows isen-tirelof meuyshe y fit himself for some sort of but unsophisticated, and you, my boy, be. bad a decided preference for sporting,and have been out in the great world, mingling being handsome and fascinating, and meetwith men of science and skived in all sorts ing with men who were of likepropensities, of arts; we hardly know, as yet, be was won over by them to accept invita you would be for a husbjnidrimd to tbere,-auhere and would not 4 tions, go uiasiniiotcritMiTevir how you listen tpIrmugtonpersuasions, not approach her upon any matter of the heart, even though bis sister and aunt, plead with she could not understand you, you must be liim by letter, not to remain longer away as discreet with her, andascautious,. as you from them. His was anxious would be in handling the most delicate and too that he should leave England, she sharpest instrument known in your profes' dreaded the responsibility, and also the ex- sion." . "Do you, my own mother, into whose pense; she had' found him rather unscrupulous, and knowing the kind of com bosorn Jia ve po u red- - a m y ehi Id i sh sorrows and disappointments,' do you doubt' pany he was keeqmhje added hereii ptrrrrti'To'Those of Sidney Barrington, to my honor, or my discretion? You of all induce him tobreik hisengagementsand go women in the world, who have had such an to. his own kindred. All to no purpose, he extraordinary experience with men, determined to take his own course. their adviser, their arbitrator in a way, feelto without dreaded think of Sir Edward (my great grand-unclehim, Sidney go no other woman, I have been told, ing sure Mrs. Harrison would be disappointed, but be was compelled to do so could do hat you were'able to and to no nevertheless, as his' stay had already been other woman did he open his heart, as lie greatly prolonged. Mrs. Harrison grieved did to you when you. were only a girl." over Ed ward deeply, and sometimes felt she - "To be sure Conway, my dear boy, I must go to him, and see what her presence have had great experience, mostly with would do. He seldom answered the; loving men, I know less of women, not. having and tender letters from home, so absorbed been brought into close association with was he in the" gaieties of the fashionable many, except my cousin Anna, who was world he found ready to welcome hini not like other--. .women, I?m quite sure of men that but what can that have to do with TJirouliJheJnflueneef-unprinciple- d he obtained possession of much of the you,-- and Anna; you must wait you must property, which rightfully belonged to his not men tion the subject of love or marriage cousin Edward Hilliard, and afterwards to her, establish yourself in your practice managed to defraud them all sufficiently to. and see '.what follows; believe me, at my live at the old castle, and later on, years age, I know best what is right and proper." Conway Bland was never so dissatisfied after, at the death of Lady Walton; he came he so that before, he had come home with. his mind into possession of Wralton Hall, was master of two estates, (such as they fully made up to ask his cousin Anna to be were.) He kept up gay bachelor's apart- his wife., and had not dreamed of any ments, and was not given to .spending hindrance, and especially from his mothershe was not his own cousin, he had. thought- money in any legitimate way. . nothing-whateve- We, in the ages lying . " ' cousinly." As might be expected' Conway Bland "My boy, how happy it makes me to bis passed examinations, difficult tbougb know you are satisfied with your surroundthey were, for bis training bad beet; ings here, and are content to build up a tborougb, and entered tbe 'University 'witb practice where you can do so much good in . And three with a new song's measure ' - XLIN. ' With wonderful deathless ditties We build at the world's great cities, And out of a fabulous story . We fashion an empire's glory; One man with a dream, at pleasure, Shall go forth and conquer a crown; .- IN RURAL ENGLAND. ; No. 11.12; with the highest honors and sailed for home; he did- not even make an attempt rib see Kdward Walton, nor did he know of. his disgraceful doings. ' Conway's return was hailed with joy by all the friends of the family, --and the mother though happy and proud of the handsome and accomplished young Doctor, from whom she had been so' long separated, yet could not but treat him .still as her boy, and soon found an opportunity to inquire what he meant to do in the future. "Why, mother I intend to practice my profession, right here at homeamong those who have always known me, , and who, many of them, knew my father's reputation, by tradition, at leat, and in due time I shall marry, with your consent, my cousin Anna, whom T have loved nil my life, and who returns my affection after her own shy fashion, but does not know it is more than " Elizabeth Cady Kugt-nField. !6KTUY:TWeAre.'ie..Muic-AIakers-A- . AVI-- -r- .i After a few years Conway graduated ' -- Editorial: The New State. or we are aUr with the dawning And the suns that are not yet high7 V "" And out of the infinite .' morning Intrepid you hear us cry-H- ow, spite of your human scorning, Once more God's future draws nigh, And already goes forth the warning ; That ye'qf the past must die. . Great hail.!, we cry to the comers ' From the dazzling-unknowshore; Bring us hither your sun and' your summers, And renew our world as of yore;. You shall teach us your song's new numbers; And things that we. dreamed not before:' Yea, in spite of a dreamer who slumbers, . And a singer who sings no more. " heodosia G. Amnions. Convention X, A. A. Nutts And V. Ntws. Miscellaneous. Hu:;or To a Noted Woman Secretary W. S. A. Mrs; Lnima' Iki'l. In Mem riani. :S:ar.tui. . pri 1' i n4 . X?95. CONTHNTS: In Rural- ; orall-Ndliom- ,) . -- , . . " - . 