.iWaV liiilOhu-- fi 1J i.at ner Ml lnuus Ilk i- n rt -hf ocen a very cmgimal ive imm.iueicimHies ,mat7breuk uil this-- class of j ' a one, funre Unuoubtcdlv m-U!),:.- :,, workJUiij tjf' cuuralic Jlecev-- Uoii was her f hopes." She wrote. M?i for newspapers, kcr'm'si'book Was'a collection" of letters 4.V vacation in a buggy.''' It is said . -- i . t. . I 1 unv i rrrftnf ' 1 T r,. ti t j ,AA 11 - name to hive a woman put 'over me as 1.,., ' infc ' : . o,.,u , Her books are just snnpiv, vori t.sn'lttV- 1 i. ;f,i;t. ii. ' i,,i.,.a up jjivv' vwju-- ii 1 . lll.VimCK.ei.S, and hastily entered the eorrall, closing, the - , 1 ' j uii)lvm r.M - - . iiliiilt the cobwebs from her brain; she always works from nine to twelve in the morning; s lor you, - le I umIIi ri-'- l CoikHt'lclTj r.om page 2fl need'nt argy, Tor I haiat noj.ary- T" ..... .1' V"ou j ofrefusal3-frouipuTjTrsT- ' .. 1 f r m - . i"i ' - gate after him. I walked slowly, away, thinking of the i a UJU.CWI-- r r Willi piwUpitJ lUCas.OI; "J't""'' juiijl; was rich and 'weak, amiable old; mother who in 'this case fife. Her style graceful as. h,eld up the other en.d. of the neck yoke; and well a- :- humorous, and the world were who had so dutifully told me to ''ask Dicty ready enough to admit she was highly gifted, Jien,' ana sighed tomysen 'Oh consistency,though it was not known until after a strug-- . lion nrt "i IiuvhI !' gle With poverty and troubles that made it The Strong foiks all signed,, with the ut- . 1. t will iui uei io niatwe an ex- - t,1nct- .roA(i i,I1nir. ,i,M;fi Ilw. ,uvt1 i t, ...... i. V, traexertion to obtain. a livelihood. TETer.rea .. - .... III111V IIIr U 1 ir. lilt-.. III ' '?' " r v r;ftiwl name wns Snrnh Willw v f.JU.AV ;ii V ii who declared that she had all the ' rights j ner she 1511 ujiii in i oriiauu .iaine jiuy-Qifather Was a comjxisitor and editor and her do wanted, and when she felt herself to be trodden p" she 'would. let us know, as brother N. P. Willis the poet. In her niic-hM'rviff-"-; thMi ln hcpiUx! nur she- was fund of books though not of "m'ucji to the same effect. It was now getregular stildy and she often ; placed truant, ting along toward chore time, and I thought she was very mischievous and played all I must quit and finish in the- morning. sorts of naughty tricks making her little tmf?-Rut t T nn;crl flic PcKt Offrf friends uncomfortable Ty turns; she liked a number of. acquaintances standing 'within' to be out of doors and in fact was somewhat so I thqught one. last .appeal before Her father "a strong unmauagable. hieing away to get supperTand tend the orthodox 'was a great ''believer in-- ', what, children. The crowd alreadvhad -an inlcliiif Yankees call' "the becomings" and thereof my business, things of. so' startling' imporfore could not understand hid daughter's tance travelliiig. quickly in a rural' district, As. she grew ,older she was "so I had waywardness.no ..difficulty in opening the subject. decidedly charming, but she loved freedom Some signed gladly, some were afraid,' some and was in no hurry to marry though she . ! i i i i i i ii u dc cause anocner a a, some aid not do uiq had many admirers; at twenty-simarshe tit all. There was much bantering and riee Mr. Hldredge,-- cashier in a bank, son of it but experience had made' me wise. a Boston physician; the young husband arguing, I hadiearned to cut short a long dialogue loved his wife' almost to idolatry it is said, on a mazy exposition of Views, and we had they, had three little girls, one of theirr died a hot, sharp debate for some moments when of croup at three years of age, almost break n jaunn.n.u i iyi. i UI1U ing the .hearts of thedoatinr uarents. but gentleman, who had heretofore been abfive years after the father and husband was sorbed in looking over a book. taken in the glory of his manhood and the "Why,., why, what's the. matter here," young wife was left a widow with two little he asked enquiringly. children to face the world alone.; It is" said "Xothing, only we want you to sign this she went to her brother who was at that time prosperous for advice in reference to 'paper?" all over Bradford, "The two Salviuis, Katherine Xuth" and "Out of Step' She has worked hard :and has. had 'many refusals of 'her work though .apparently she was nothing daunted. She says she has a collection'-ois. printed .forms For some years-whidoing: so much literary jVvork she kept a riding- pony; and she also 1.1... . j KYl YcW d y CACTTJSFAlTiRS NO. 2. worhFof tii a tTTaleT flwiU'fUmTitie"1.;';i:"r i every question of the time. all her books have an iinliyidual ilavor-an'iVufitur Q,.,,V. tYphne i'crV. iff f r:trt Beach and Dally were anion lier first novels, then came Rbvumy iu Hoston, Mrs. Keat v k!h u-ai- Fern's racy articles so keen and cutting on d en-title- ur, u the literary" r- . 1 4 . - : ; r..-i.I . V ! . I f , 7 1 . w-- " girl-hoo- d t f - -- . her health - T l Marie Corelli has. been written up once by one of the members of tjjis club and I will only mention her new book "The Silence '.of the Maharajah," it s in the Violet Series' ' a new style of binding, very dainty in cover with illustrations extra finejthc book describes '.subject that-arEnglish society in India and the entertainment of an Kast Indian Priiiceby the Society' book like most of her people; it is. work and can scarcely be called good, morally, yet it is meant to .give". the contrast be' t ween vices of our own conntrv nml flm heathen, or oriental superstitions andbeliefs, placing .us as civilized people at a decided But Marie Correlli .must be. disadvantage. a powerful genius; she deals largely iu the marvelous aucr attempts great heights and flights of fancy and sometimes 'she comes down to earth suddenly and disappoints us ' sadly, but" taken as a whole her books are Very fascinating, so different from other "Oh, itr"i Any right," es.glancing 11 people's books that one must admit she has II y lllllllr 1' UJL U III l,i j1 ne put. uimg-xpieasine-iaaidevelop a Wwrvlo l down his signature plainly and legibly, in i biuec uei ijuukb came out,- ana in though it is quite, probable he did not know .Acaij) view ol the assembled crowd, that time her' fame has reached through the of her .destitute circumstances, as her hus4fVes," chimed in a voice from same obworld. I believe I have read all her books band's father had; rendered her some help scure corner, "and liere'sanother for you to except one MBarabbas" that I have not seen and had taken one of the children home to or even a review- of it though I confess I relieve her cares. "She did not heed Mr sigh Professor." lilC LUU. 111, UlUCtU, IU13 Aim 11 should like to, "Thelma". is certainly her brother's advice but commenced writing,and the learned scholar ;aud gentleman, did not, .'. Lest in my judgment and is vividly wiitten. substantial in the then and there something sign his name, again, nn th I Kvery Norwegian ought to read it, the word not sus- - detested opposition paper, asking that the Iatntirrgis-peciaTlyTIthe story of the pectin e: liei lioni de plume, were profuse in before suffrage article be.placed-separat- ely lartd of the .Norsemen is rich in beauty of praise of the writer who was extra young the ; iana and sky, salt seas and raging billows, .1 .ordinarily fast Incoming- famous. Her book" 7 Inpublic. great indignation I turned away, and and snow, making a" strong im pression Shadows and Sunbeams, is in every library, The door, overheard an as I upon the reauer who m imagination is in the land, and other Stories of hers 'are as old passed through , "gentleman grumbling to himself carried away to this beautiful far off great favoritesrno w' as " tliey were formerly mighty funny that the wonimen of the midnight sun. Miss to those who are acquaintedvjth the best folks country don'jt have suffering Enough naturally Correlli is a Venetian type of beauty, light books; but taken in "its- - broadestsense the. in life, without wantin'., to go and hunt up. and fair wfth fluffy golden hair,' and very articles she wrote for the New York Iedger j a lot more. They beat all, they do, for in in style and manner, her eyes.are ;!,, were the best known and gave Tier greatest "- " girlish, ' -- klim" v : . consistency." 1. r. i i :i ' I Was angry, yet amused, I felt myself to amiicuidiuiiiigjauusuc lias ucduu- - ceieoniy, nucr living u wiuuvv. 1411111 Jier ful teeth and exquisite hanefs; she is a. bril- - children were grown and she herself had a have been half insulted, browbeaten, made mm raiker out doesjiot speak muctv ot tier- - world-wnd- e reputation, as a . writer Mrs. fun ofK and a great many other things, by in. self; evidently she is of a high order of Eldredge married James Parton, who was a people whom I had esteemed as ladies and .iitdere-from tellectualitv as one must well a r ... --There -her- J newsnaner man and a magazine writer nveu oeiorej-an- u .u.. a hn.c.:; xnown.io.me-- general puunc. xiicy 01l nmp rmrnrf HmvPVPr wl,Pn T 111 had devoted and were LXTt New York City tonality. She has very strange expenvery 1V nnnpf1 tnces, akin to revelation which have so im- - and happy.. Some years ago Mrs Parton names of'tro;ig'-and- ; influential men .and pressed her that she cannot be persuaded to died, though she maintained her brilliant women inscribed there. 'And when, in the Itf AniAh'A iit"l Slenk nf ronii ti iti' ' o c"n nrifr iititif ifr loct fata illl I recounted my experiences beorthodox, though she is a RomaiilCathoUness. --Af ter her death Mr,- Parton and the evening, fore my husband and children, we laughed lie yet the devout Catholic regards her as a daughter continued the g and "away. all the: disagreeables, so that now I . married her finally he ; am in as!good humor as ever, especially daughter. "V:-''.:''''-"''-:; V created Fern some years ago V since we gaiifelthe object of our heroic quite - ' to'-mak- ' - ' ' -- of-th- e e - 1--, - - ' a-qu- - x . . uu-pai- t, " . 1 1 V 1 - 1 1 ' 11 f If T f ' i TTT- 11 1 -- . " . o i i . - ' " - - ."5U11.." ; sooli-ealize- d n . . - -- . ."It's . j - V. 1 1 . a i j i -- 1 j t'c - ' - m-x-z:rrz . ' i I ! tl-ipi- : -- ' 1 hopse-keepin- I I . ' ;Kr-B.:- W.'. c- my-inen- j I -x. J j - us ni'ihf fr - 