deliver to society iip,tlie-rommoii-tfiRt- mitihtjrtw taHui.VSociaf. ure - re ss which ' . wdl; not'; deceive his lelluwiuan nor defile his neighbors daughter: we will not ick'- ! -- pockets nor rob houses at night, ;hewijf use vulgar and impure language,; he.1 yill by jus actions gam universal, respect and confidence. JUit hov. few of us, realize the responsibilities placed upon mothers, and how many improve the opportunities we ; liave '..bf. molding the characters of ouj children. Of course thefchild enherits as much from the father as from the mother, ' but to lis mothers alone is intrusted the modification of that inheritance. Keep them as "innocent children'" just as long as possible, don't make them 'think' that tjiey; must be men and women, but impress on! . their minds that they are pure home children, then you will find the manly men and wo- - ' manly women the world today stands in need of. leji.lost mi provided for tfcl &imO?7r:. sfc'tit silk at Atlanta; exhibit of Ut ji gg$. the president announced Miss Harrison lias Japane;: eggs".for that salC' at a card, each' card containing &Vt r.rt 2.-5- station. Members of Congress assured thirty or forty thousand Mrs. Wells that such a; bill nrocerlv niisherf 1, Adjourned to meet- at ' the call of the ': ' woufd pass both houses. the paper which president. Mrs. AV'ells read before" the Rational DVun CoRiNKE.il. Allen, Seel cil of Women gave a brief account of the silk industry in Utah and aroused much- interest. At Atlanta Mrs. Wells spoke be-- , APPRECIATION AND THANKS. fore the Women's Board of Managers of the " .".v ".,.'. Utih silk industry! , Salt Lake City, Utah,' April 5, '05,. Mrs.Zina'D. H. Young spoke a few Hon . J. F. Chidester, Chairman; ;A, ' - Tosenh E. words of encouragement , to silk producers. Robinson. Parlev Let people who have little to do undertake; Christenseh, Peter Lowe, James. D. Mursomething of this "kind and they will bs dock, Chester Call, A hdreas Ehgberg, A. H. Raleigh, Will iaiii Howard, F. A. Hamhappy and at the same timcaddlo the reX sources of the Territory. The "quality of mond and S. R. Thurnian: our silk is so good that we would need but. .' Honorable gentlemen of tnprnajority re. few1 garments made oflit. M he children port of the committee on ejections and Katie Halladay Cragan. could' help in the care of the worms and rights; of suffrage: the young ladies can learn to reel. v. The equal suffrage memorial committee Mrs. Margaret Csine spoke of the sucin ;nerial pinti nnd hv ntinninfiiQ vhtp EQUAL S U FPRAGE SECTION. cess of the womeirwho raised cocoons last desire to express their profound appreciayear iii St - George. The' made" about five tion and gratitude" for the wise, statesrhanly In the Convention; April sth, hundred dollars from cocoons.-- A fortune and j'tist measure wliich vou have reported cannot be made from the silk indtlstry imto the constitutioiial-conventio- n; and for Richards of Salt Lake, moved to adopt the original section, and parliamentary mediately. No one would expect to take the ability, stead fastness and sleenless viVi. sparring and filibustering and attempts to up aiiy tracle or business and master all its lance with which you have, assisted on the details at once.- - One must have experience floor of the convention in. expounding, deadjourn at once commenced, but the gentleman from Salt Xake was successful and se- in any trade before it can become remunera- fending and conducting to a successful issue cured a roll call vote on the passage of the tive. The cocoon to be of any value must your opportune and faithful - provisions 011 be of the best quality. No food must be' civil ajid political rights tjf men and women. .equal suffrage clause. It was as follows: used for the 'worms except the" mulberry, And with you we wish to commend as lov-er- s Ayes Allen, Anderson, Barnes, Boyer, of justice all those praiseworthy men Braudley, Buys, . Call, Cannot' Chidester, leaves. The worms, it was true, would Christainsen, Clark, Coray, Corfmar, Crane, thrive on lettuce .leaves. or currant leaves., but the object w as not to raise worms but to final result, with Richards, Whitney, Creer, Cunningham, Driver,:. Eichnor, Evans, Cannon, Murdock, -- Ricks, Hart, Eldredge, Emery, . Engberg,' Evans, of produce silk. The silk produced from of food is leaves but mulberry worthIvins, Snow, Robinson, Allen, Miller, .Farr, Weber, Vgrr, Francis, Qibbs, Goodwin, ff do less, of the Utah not take Preston, Maeser, Wells, and all the, other HammoiM Hart, - Hallidayy Hey bourne, people will do othersthis so. noble delegates who have borne testimony There industry Howard, Hughes, Hyde, Ivins, Johnson, up Kimball, Lake, Kimball, of Weber, have already been inquiries from Italians, to their- willingness to accord equal rights1, Lambart, I,. Larson, Lemmon, Lewis, Japanese aiid Hindoos as to the price of land we feel in duty bound to extend these contfnd the chances of success for a silk raisWilliam Lowe, Peter Lowe, Low of Cache, gratulations on behalf of the thousands of ing colony. The people of Utah should Utah women" who are keenly alive to the Maeser, Maloney, Maughan, McEarland, keep this industry in their own hands. unspeakable importanceLthe.regislation-Miller, Morris, Murdock of Beaver, Mur-dock of Wasatch, Murdock of Sunimit, The woolen tlrushlevdTnrelatiou to the status of 3xar thousahds"bf dollars worth of 5ilk nil' Women, the welfare of the state and the of- Grand, Partridge, Peters, tPel ersoiv of $a npet e, - Preston ,Raleiglv ing. We must learii to reel and keep this progress of civilization. . We realize the enormous difEculties which ; ""Richards, Ricks. Robertson. Robinson, of money at home. Mrs F. S. Richards related somQ interestyon have been called upon to surmount; Kane, Robinson of Wayne, Sh'urtliff, Snow, x andrwe honor you for, your unflinching inSquires, Stre'vell, Symons, Thompson, ing experiences in silk culture. She beThoresen, Thome, Thurmau, Wells, lieved it a duty for women to take pride in tegrity and your unswerving devotion to home made silk and home made clothes. the principles of liberty in framiner the funJ.Whitney 75. T. state of Utah Noes Haynes, Hill, Page, Pierce. Rob The women can in this practicaPwjxJiiake jiarnentaWaw-ftrrhcoTrii- ng ' on which our proudest liopes are sacredly erts, Ryan, Sharp, Spencer ..Stover, -- Van - - our Territory-prosperous- : Mrs. Ann Woodbury, of St. George, re enshrined, now that the woman mind and Absent Adams, Evans, of Utah, Jolley, ported thatiast year a good many pounds of heart and soul are fully incorporated in its Kearns, Kerr, C. P. Larsen, Moritz, cocoons were raised in Washington county, sovereignty. Sarah M. Kimball. Nebeker, Thatcher, rarian, Warrum, and this year still more will be raised. v The price realized for cocoons wTas about one Williams 12. Chairman of Standing ' Committee on Excused Bowdle, Button, dishing, dollar a pound. :."Suffrage Memorial." :.! r. Green, James 5. Harrison-spokMiss of the art of reelEmmeline B. Wells. rhe Conveutiou then adjourned until ing, declaring it to be.au easy one to learn. President of the Territorial Suffrage Monday at 10 a. 111. She would gladly teach others what she had Association. learned. One can easily reel lralf a pound Emily S. Richards. of silk a day. SILK ASSOCIATION MEETING. Chairman of Jlemorial Committee. 7 1 Mrs. Gilmer advocated a systematic effort v. V Cora G. Carleton to a market for home" raised cocoons The Utah Woman's Silk Association met andsecure :1 silk. .... Secretary pro lem. Aiiursaay, iprii 4m, 111 tne Assemoiy nail, The president promised that the matter Mrs. Salisbury in the chair. A large num-- . 1 should receive immediate, attention: 7. T'.L t rC1 Q J f..:i ' Mrs. Salisbury read the articles which TESTIMONY OF M Rs; BASSETT. vftrQ present. The secretarys report. was be Cotton exhibited at the might exposition read and accepted. ' at be would Atlanta. most It ladies At the Semimonthly of important to meeting Mrs. E. B. Wells gave an interesting ac- 1. - TCC . ..il. TIT ...J ii, TT.11 oau. make a good showing there. All articles neiu m i1. u aru.-namerouiieeiiui count of her visit to Washington in the in' should be submitted to the committee apLake Cityv Sister Mary li Bassett, terest of the silk industry." -- She found sena10 of take the exhibit. the Second Ward Relief Society, charge tors and .con erressmen Drettv well informed pointed Mrs. Wells moved that the association irKTeferrine: to the prevalent viewrs of pro- with regard to the industry. 1 A bill had ; ' ! - ( . . '. . ! : . - " - . . -- , - -- - . , ' . 7 , . - . - , , ' - . . - any-kin- d -- - of-Salt- , - : : . milloheJerrtorscver i , - ' i- -- f . . -- e : : - . 1 .1 r . J . . t- presi-dentt- if ' 