wc 4 7tf Rights uf the Women - Vol; 24. SAL;f LAKE CONTENTS: : Sermon Uy. -- . A.-Sa- - ..... -.- . . jxifw .k and the Rights of.' (fit fflswti rah' or CITY, UTAH, JUNE 1,1895. they differed, perhaps, politically-- , they differed iu many ways; and yet there came' tf? her the blessed reflection that they .were all the children of a great and common Father, even God. In whatever way they 'might differ, they were all reaching after the truths Kev. Anna H. Shaw In The Large Tabernacle In Salt Lake City, Susan B. Speech.-Anthony's Poetry Oiea Shipp. Eternal Lawr-- S. W. R. Lecture And Shakespearean Recital. Emery County Wr S. A. Woman. Suffrage Ruby Iamont. Stapley. EventsIn The Life Of Eliza Rollinson. Woman ' . , Suffrage Column. , - .'.v rrnn 'of. Zion ... - ffizions; " lile,. and character.. No, .e" dignity and 1. Of nobility" In regard to of environment, she believed.. in the pfjwer of the spirit of Almighty God being able to liftmen abovesuch influences, and make them power in this life.and a glory to God the-influenc- of God, and reaching out after God. if in the- life to come. ; v He be haply Some tilings were necessiiry for every man found; their. hopesand. might were: all direcir j one and woman in Jhis directionrand the most ' aspirations reaching tion. In one - passage-o- f scripture-it was porta nt of all was, that which would, tend Editorial Notes. Golden Wed.Editorial: written: "Be strong and cf goo( courage; pin to strengthen character moral courage, the ts Annie Wells Cannon. be not afraid, neither be thou .deceived, for ding; courage .that would enanle every man and the Lord God is thee with wheresoever woman to stand up for principle, for truth, ' thy M. Poetry; June A. W. C. Truth- -L '' thou goest." If there was anything that for right, as the right was revealed to them. Hewlings. must have inspired th- - hearts of thepidheers She knew there were a great many; people as they crossed the plains it must havcljeeri who sajj.1 that women were weak and there- JUNE. the consciousness that they "vpuld receive, fore ought to have no voice in the governas a portion of God's children God's care. ment of the country"; that they had iio June loveliest of months, This must have been the feelingof the muscle big enough to defend the country;-anFairest of all the year, "... there were mahy who believed Music and garlands and laughter; people as.Uiey journeyed to. and opened up this vast territory. Strength and courage Perhaps the gentlest tear; strength and powers were greater ' were - be re- and needed. than moral courage but Vou bring, in the world's jaith great cycle Certain things were icquired- - to make a rnieuibered that the strength of nations did All treasures of true worth, man or a woman's character. ' In some not dej)end upon muscle, but upoii the' For the tears of heaven's weeping places the word ,'man";did not mean wo- head and heart of the people of the .nation, Are the fountains of the earth. man also; but in Utah' she liojxrd 'it meant and surely no one could denv that women Summer's heart with all its gladness lx)th, aud as suclrhe would use it. The were assessed, of both- of these. She Cannot earth's completeness know, word "man' "had come by usage in the meant moral courage,; which enabled men 'Till it mingles in the sadness East woman also when it had refer- and women, out of the current of thought " With the winter's spotless snow,, ... ence to hard work, sacrifice and toil:-buit which is issued out upon the world, and Sc life's heart forever longing meant "man" only when clorv and power "the maiTy theories 'that are presented to For earth's brightness and sunshine and" comfort ' were referred to. She' hoped dig out of these those thoughts and theories Must feel earth's sombre shadows that in Utah it meant man ;nd woman al-- ! that seemed to be true, and then stand up For its fulness most sublime.' ways in toil, in glory, in comfort; each and "and defend .them with all the ""power that'-Go- d ' altogether. It should refer to all human-- j had given them; defend, thenr with And the songs and gentfesoughing kind man" and woman who are willing to every energy of their nature; defend them Of the birds jmdterider leaves stand up for thetruth; whatever "that truth though the world might not- believe the And the glpwing of .the flowers, And the humming of the bees, anight be. They all needed strength of .truth. She believed in the right of'eyery-bodcharacter. Entering upon the responsibili-to search; for the truth, and, having And the children's joyous laughter " And the ties of statehood she believed it , necessary found it, defend it regardless of all ,conse-- . sighs and- thoughts replete, for every mai and woman to esJijQiig Lque4ice-S-r Of all the months, of all the year, vrTjrKiyora not do so. It dehad been Women was hard to turn aside from those- with Taught to be meek and Make June the most complete,: feel whom and not to., that strength and pendent, they had been associated in times A. W. C. dignity which they ought as children of past. But it was the duty of every man God; but in this better day it means that and woman to stand up tor principle. The ' SERMON BY REV. ANNA H. SHAW1 the sons of men are the sons of women. strength of this great nation of ours did IN THE LARGE TABERNACLE IN No man could be strong unless the mothers not lie, as she said a moment ago, in armed . SALT LAKE CITY. of men are strong, and therefore it was as forces. I t was "only through the men of Reported by Joh?i Irvine yMay 12, Syj'.' necessary for mothers to be strong as it was moral cimraire mirn wholiaving a ion- - ' to-- be Jbrihe-i-f- a the-r-s stiuug; It was as viction, would stand upaud defend it to the necessary ior momers to aisj)iay courage last that we might help :to come to the t reduced to the audience the, , Whenever a man told her tha t and steadfastness to principle, as it was fors people. Rev. Anna H. Shaw, re unfit to take part in the affairs of the fathers to exhibit the same cliaracter. Who said that as they were traveling Sne believed that wherever God had a the countryyit was well to remind them that along in the train, between here and Denstrong and mighty people, He would lead there was another kind of power that was over ver, through the mighty mountains, and them wheresoever He willed, and no evil and above physical power. Here the lady over, the vast plains, she realized more than would befall them.if they put their trust in related an instance of a huge dog having she ever did in her life what it had cost of Him. She lenew that the influence's of entered a church in which she was preach-- : of manhood,-- of womanhood, of environment were strong, and a great many ing. It of course attracted the attention of courage, to character, open up and;give to the world people in the world, believed tflat- these the whole congregation; Several men tried, this vast territory and bring 't to its pres- could not be overcome. She believed, to drag the dog to the dborrbut he returned ent condition. She realized then as she that very often men were as to the front, and it seemed as if he intended r never did before the courage that must have, responsible for- circumstances as circumto wend his way up 10 the pulpit. Now, to .been in the hearts of the pioneers, Jhe de-- . stances were for them. Many people had have" a dbg in the pulpit would be a great termination of purpose that must .have come to feel that sin was not quite as much deal worse than having a woman actuated them, and the hope they saw lying sin as itiised to;berthat"criuje is a disease; as the dog Wandered up the aisle, a before them of a brighter and surer day for that a sinner is a diseased person; and little boy, about1 eight years of age, who the future. And all the way along she people were not made to feel as m uch as had that look upon his face that made one wondered what she could talkvabout to the they ought to feel the power of responsibil- feel that. he vvas kind to all sorts of animals;. vast congregation that she: would meet in ity; that every man and every woman stand; put out his. hand, clapped the dog, talked the City of Salt I.ake; her a stranger, and responsible to God for the deeds dene in the; kindly to it, ledit down the aisle to the.door;the people whom she had to addressiaving jt body; t She r believed in prvaehing every-way- s and the dog trotted dc wn ; the street as and religious leliefs largely diilereht 1 where 'the doctrine which made every man though he were glad to go. , Here- was a jorm her own. They differed religiously, and every woman feel the responsibility of power mighter than physical power. If " " - I ! Passing-Though- ' . ... that-physica- l iL-shoul- d , . - to-me- an : - - t . T J ' ! - y 1 I i - -- . . wo-;me4n"- 7e , - ho'v-.eve- ri - 1 : there.-Finally- , ... -- . -- - - 