WOM AN S KX rO NP, NT - ' T Finally Frank and bU' father were ready to go ashore, and when leaving the ship, rged Captain" Iorr,' .whtrhad been such a v faithful friend to come ajidsee them at the - , tell yen, tomorrow's the blessed Lord's. day, now honev I don't vstuJse ' vou know what, -- sickr day 'tis no more', since y oulyd-betrt- i :'l dunno know, but I onto earliest possible lmwent. He promised 'twas nigh but, 0 mammy muse ' ' . 1. i t do so, ns soon as .all the necessary' work iU.'... lr.".,.Ju nacrwun. oeen Jiere. i nriMmas. un.iuev swuir uic CSjiiXVid; 'yes. honey she told massa tap'n, and he- -; was finished and reported tu The; seen-irjpo, ers. And sorrowful indeed Frank said a fine din- aiid$$ "said 'Jtaihmyyou had the night- - ne, and plenty of good meat,' oxen, rice, j "Gooddjye," feeling he could never again j$kl: and . we re going nuo iwe go aboard any vessel.. more,' but it want no nightmare as sure as yams, and muts-i- or After the first few weeks of sadness and you live, and your mammy was here, and port of Madagascar, and must lay to for the I knowed her caus when you had the ship to be repaired," "now what you think repentance at home Frank Kaston became-- a sort of 'hero, among his associates, and 'lirumand out'n yoUr head you said 0, chile about Christmas on the island 'mong " 'Jmt the village girls (for his home was in a vimammy, with her soft hands and long them savages, what eats people up. silken curls, and pretty dresses. Bress you mummy we shan't go on "shore and we're llager few miles out from the great seaport) were infatuated with his rather foreign H heard the silk gown rustling, b knows well protected ivith big guns.' ' and-hi- s tales ' ' I dun care, chile , we' se The" what I'se talkin 'bout."- Frank woudered goin - to have manners; that-waof a sort had lent seen, glamour at Mammy, but couldn't quite understand, Christmas dinner,' and sure enough a ' He lb simple to country people. facinating the was dinner remember the he ship's dream, though ,he didn't sumptuous givn had sometimes woke with, the feeling that crew, but Frank only thought of his home, was invited everywhere, and was the envy his mother was close byy and looking upj arid, the sorrow there, and his heart w'as of the other bows of his acquaintance: in too and he began to feel always saw nurse Susie, black- and "fat, heavy He never forgot that day at Mada jealousy1 crept had no sister to advise him so different, from his pale, sweet-facegascar, so hot at Christmas time that one unhappy, he mother, but she called him honey, and could scarcely breathe, while at home, he and his brothers were busy, with their own affairs, and the temptation to go away from tended him carefully and was patient and "knew it was cold, snow and ice. The long voyage, was oyer at last and the it all,r to go to sea again was too strong to be kind. He wished sonietknes to" be left,, iiied perhaps his mother would come, but yet he great whale ship- - reached America in due" rcsistedrbut he deter in knewrshecouldnTt. One day he asked course of time. Many of the sailors had Before many days after this idea had Mammy if she knew how .to pray, there f died and been cast into the sea; at first seized was a terrible storm and the ship's crew Frank thought he could never look on and upon him, he said to his father, "I d sailors wrapped in musto to sea once more father, the desire made such a noise overhead and. Mammy see these was rocking herself to and fro, making him the sail cloth let down, among the sharks, to be on the ocean is too strong upon me to be overcome. I have looked at the matter feel so queer and scared, "bress .your soul but he grew accustomed to these dreadful honey, I know how to pray, but I don't do things after a while; it was only a burial at on all sides. I seem out of place Here; my aunt Hetty does not: care to have me at . it now, 'cause I. don't care to live, I'se a sea that was. all. The ship lay at anchor near a large city home; she looks upon me as an interloper slave, I haint nothin to pray for, now maybe this ere storm'll take us all and swaller us and the usual bustle and confusion of un-- . You are occupied with your business at id up in the bottom o'thesea.I dun care7' lading and of official examinations was do not need me, and my brothers will be "But mammy you'll be all right when going on,- the captain so busy as to forget married before long from all appearances. thf ship goes in, wont you? You'll be free Frank, but in the meantime the boy was If I guess right Aunt Hetty intends to make then." "A lot you knows, cuurse I wojit, hesitating whether he dared to go home at her future home with you, and I shall be in all. Fear lest anything had happened in the way. I love the sea, but I want to go silly chile, I'll be jest the same." "If you come home with me I'll take care his absence to those he really loved, and with your permission this time." of you, mammy, my niother'll keep you," shame for the disgrace and sorrow he had My son you must net feel you are not "but she can't, heap you knows chile, you brought upon them by running away. He welcome in your father's house. I have don't know 'bout niggers up there in knew not wThat to do, but he was provided never been able to tell you of your mother's the North does ye?" "I guess not Mamfor; the letter Captain Dorr had sent for suffering on your account; it is too sorrow"Well chile I him, had reached its destination and while ful a tale, would I could forget it; but my by what you say." IttrMove-arn- t" guess I'se pretty happy as long as Massa he was reflecting what course to take his jYJirexxyou-garcmem' Lwheiihe-diesoldrd, fatherxarne-X)Trboam and ma never break another heart as myCap rijixesbu "having waited and devotion, want to eo too, I'se took care o'him and watched anxiously day after day for the you did hers. ' ' Frank was completely toted him roun when he was a leetle baby, overcome and left the room to weep alone;, ship's return. and when all the uigga's done ,sole out, he No words of mine can describe the scene but in a later conversation , lie said to his buy me in for a hundred dollars, and bring between the father and son, when they met father: ."I feel I can be a better and truer me on ship we'him." on the deck of the vessel. Both Were man on the water than to remain here; I'll, t he na me I bear, and Just then the ship gave a great lurch and changed, the father's hair was grey, with -try never, to" disgrace . Frank fainted, and old mammy. roared out sorrow and the boy had merged into 'man" my tnougnts on the sol jmn nihtivath that he was dead, but no one came, all were hoodjjiis. voice w,IhIhe stars overhead, and the wild waves r aia not recognize in tne young man in all around me, shall be of uy mother whom Thing except the roa of the terrific storm; but he revived again sailor costume, his boy Frank, nor did the I loved more than I can tell you, though and fell off to sleep dreaming of his mother, boy know, in this elderly man, she knew it not." and the home folks and the school, and the the father whom he had so cruelly left. It O it is ever thus, those we love most aland He used to he know. was boys girls only upon inquiry among the sailors never know the depth of our affection, it is told nurse his he when and that the father found his son. dreams, ways to the winds and wave's we dare to only was well enough he . read to. her. out of the Frank could not speak, his utterance was utter it. Captain's books. Once after a severe choked with sobs, the father only said "My And so it was settled thatFraiik-shou- k storm, the Captain came dowu into the boy where is your Captain?" Frauk vas time to cabin and told Frank the ship was going inthe Mediterranean sea and cruise anions-thto oort for renairs. and he would send a let for him, and as soon as Captain Dorr came islands. The girls were disappointed when ter home for. him, and let his paieuts know he asked ."Where is the boy's mother? learned of his intentions, and they he was safe, and when he returned to He has talked of d2er constantly. " There showered with souvenirs of love and con- America he would bring him safe back to was no answer for a moment, then a heavystancy. lie was mate on the vessel, and them, Frank consented and theletter was sign and .Mr. toston could rtrijr whisper written, it" was very brie f but Fra n k asked-- 'she-- is dead f him' h3d Wmletters tha fiSeWn!mt SdSd ' to ne motner tnat tell ins that he was haa boy, tneuaptam to favot of his often dreamed she was with him, while he even Captain Dorr accustomed as he was to port competency. He was two away years, and enjoyecUthei was ill. "Tell her about nurse Susie how scenes of suffering and of could voyagenearly grief much good she has been to me." When-th- e scarcely speak, but tried to comfort Frank j. see his. very aud this, time, but wanted to also some of the .young captain leu tuecapin to go on deck mammy in his rough, sailor fashion. Frank felt he women father, who had been so profuse in; senti mother had been the cause, and he dared not look safd, "what for you tell your proud . . f t uouit me money, sue can i neip me. ana oie j his father in the face; he wondered :after- - meiit when he bade them farewell on going; massa' 11 be madj he'll think I ve been tell-i- n 'wards, why he had not died, when he' ' Immediately upon going on shore hei you somethin. And now I'se gwine to heard the fatal tidings. Ayith one of his c:i ycur curly head. you locked up and five a freat scream, and woke me rieht im. arid I kit her'cold hands touch minr, and wtien i ran up to you , whkdw) ' . j r r vvL'.ytij IWnmtautJ T ' i Oi-l-a . thMiim . -- ; ship&, . j , -- nf-thexountr- ieH : - s ' ; - . d . . "uot-oeiv- " -- -- warm-hearte- -- -- - . , I -- rf - -- , : f grey-haire- d ; -g- oi-boani-anieTciia .,gkd-0fan-exroseixr-tu- e he-wa- effidentrftSfiTFit uite ; h . I -7- T i . ! 1- . , 1 1 1 1 1 ; - old'fnndsJromJhe:ilfe : 