' ' . "WO MAN rS '!i shall wait with impatience his first klLef , -- have ........ t ,Atn ii'injl'rhillt' nffi.l . V.-- . 1 - '"'.fr-'i- ""' '.-- "'ou "" ii.--" r (J N hNT jify , h full of mysteries, ever mingling with our dieafr.s, ... ' And the earth hath many voice's, O, how wonder- ' :ful it seems: "'",""" . j.. . '- ... "That thi .nnisic. yyfv, .1 ." ! A pass w hat voir sec beforcdiand, and alleit Iam ifot superstitious, I Jielieve in your disr cernmeut, .call it by,iwJiai 1 New life is thrilling the land, ' Retouching its moral force; And .sounds of bope, like a marii.il band, Tor h -- 4-h KX "'l - :r ' . ., JDmoM on: The old gives ace to the new; And science andsene ring in the dawn ' Of the perfect day to view1: The shade's of the Tai drop by; The Word replaces the sword; Oppresion and wrong shrink up and die Lord. ' In. the glory illiatice. O. ' i must wait Robert, you ask too Sidmuch 'at once," I have great faith ney will succeed in accomplishing good for Kci ward, hut in what, way I eaiinot tell. Perhaps I, may know something of his in England, at. present wheirhc x. lie has scarcely saiJctTotit of hhrbor:" "That is true jane; but you have such ctear insight into things, a sort of prophetic if HE VOICE OF THE MOUNTAINS. inspiration, it gives you strong mentality, personal powers, you have inherited it I have heard it in the night-timwhen the vales doubtless, from your anjeipedants, I hope were fast asleep, ; you ll bestow a little of this pjwer upon And a a solemn and huih'd did holy presence your .oiTspring; it must be a great factor in , , vigil keep-- 7 your life, to know what is coming before- - Oft I listened to the of voice so sweet and a hand, as vou diet aoout me, wnen 1 was ex- low. pecting "death at the hands of savages." have whisper'd to a lov'd Such as angels "Robert, don't bevrsarcastic, it is some - one here below; thing I never desired,. and besides it is very troublesome: now and again, people think to conn ' you arc queer to say the least, but one canft Of the sorrow, ere we heights and depths of 'Vet rid of these curious manifestations, I reach our 'Father's home.otte.ii see the old castle in vision as 'twere, a:vl hear the winds sighing as they used to And aain in roaring thunders, as the storm tTu in the swept ori its course, park. But here comes the child-- , ren for a frolic let us dismiss these gloomy While the fury of the tenipe.-- sljdeked with' its utmost force; fancies, and whether we get justice or not at the Courts, we may be just as happy, we But the silent watchers near me heeded not the ' voice at all, hall never want, nor our children," "Xo, not that, but you know Jane, the Thouglrmy heart was beating wildly, so intense the war has swallowed up our little fortune, and shrill. the call. ' and a like a even And I knew that there was meaning: in the voice "living" Sidney has got Church of England preacher. . Wecould do that spake to me, . - we shall s.mean of some inmost uncle's with For it stirr'd the your depths of my life's have the children some day, all of them if trumultous sea. . - tat do-iiv- gs world to tvar!'' ":''' "''.' ''''''.' Ami forevefmore the; echoes' go .resounding j V ". v , throiic,h the years, :. A psalm of earth's full from out ... ' shiir-;;'i ; sbjre to 'j Ringing down the. .grooves of ages, until time " shall be n more. - j of-tli- e , 'v e, . " - . mu-a- c J - ! mi-jh- choruH-s'swellin- ! i . . And while I.li.ttu, rapture-bounthe hills break forth iu singing And. fhrough the nuuintain passes deep,- the ' . joyous notes are ringing; And ev.er and anon thry swell, with passion's ' deepest feeling, All life's emotions, hidden fires, and esctac' re- ' ? ve.ding, And softer then and sadder strains with sobs,, and groans and weeping, Until my soul is wrought with pains; while all around are .. d, - - ' . . ' ; . t ' K. B, - . j - " ... . W.; I go for all sharing the privileges of the government w)h assist in bearing its burdens, by no means excluding women. . . Abraham Lincoln. j , j i i . live." ".'''';.""' listen to theseTvbices while .my heart with j rapture thrills, I scale the heights of those and And long to fly everlasting hills, But though fancy bears me upward, and my spirit takes its flight f nitftttt-atTTreentranced with Ah! This conversation Was the last on the subject, for the Major never afterwauls referred to it nor did Jane, but she had a dream, and the dream was realized thereafter.. I .'-.- WOMAN'S CAUSE. ,' .;, cannot reach the they still stretch '" an endless chain And higher yet ;and farther off the summits I would gain. , BV M. C; PEN NOCK. We carry np blood-staine- d flag: We flourish no blade of steel: Yet I hill-top- s, , ' Tii'k great convention just held iu Boston has been a convention "of young people, and illustrates forcibly the prominent part taken by youth in the great movements of the day. And the young woman has been fully as much in evidence as'the young man. Neither youth nor sex now debars any one from taking his or her part in the world's activities. Boston Globe. . . Mrs Mary Sev.mquk IIqweli, lately contributed to thz women's" edition of a paper in lirockport, N. Y., an able article on equal suffrage. After sketching, the work of the pioneer in the movement, she continued: " Vitlijiuli the Revolu tion. Do not believe the lie that these daughters will" break ip homes. They will make homes more" sacred and enduring. Do not think men and women will cease to love when women are free. The old love story will go" on. as long as the great world-clocticks time away. Who would have, k' Nor over red fields of conquest drag Their victims at our wheel. Our banner is fresh and pure, Orrr armor isHceen arid. bright: With the sword of Truth so strong and sure We battle for freedom and right. . .. Jiieciilinitit When the moon in silver splendor rises n'tnuiiB-away? Men' will love the womeuvof the Wasatch peaks, , coming centuries better, because women In pathetic tones most tenders ith .true eloquence . will be nobler, and nobler women wilKin-spir- e ' it speaks stronger and more lasting love." This voice from out the mountain, hear ye not its . ! mellowing notes, the sleeping valley, its deep music around As I. , .. softly floats, it cometh from insoiration, as I Let us catch th . above. i". And repeat it to the world again in songs of trust " and love. ! Her freedom of thought and choice: The right of way where herjudgment leads Arid the right her wrongsto voice: A e plead for her equal care ; At the law's impartial hand, r Arid the greater gift, an equal share, .In the ballots that rule the land. : Vet not as beggars we stand -- . j .. I: Tdplead for the rights untried;' I. ii'ut, armed with reason and truth, demand The justice so long denied. Our thought encircles the Earth To lift it body and soul: We bring to womanhood second birth l. And to manhood T . pure delight, - -- We labor for woman's needs: NOTES AN.D NEWS. . t' j you . self-contro- And Swiftly our day grows, bright Where its bow of promise gleams, f And glimpses of harvest turning white i j In the caverns of the mountains, in the bowels of ; the deep, what tremires vast, what What mysteries past, ' . s Tit r T-- And - generationslep; 7 marvelous that; bursting forth the waters ' break in song, tell the tales of ages gone, as they reckless x,r:- :" dash along? Or in the shrieking cataracts, leaping on forever- -' ' - . 1 more, l,:A wilder kgend give us, in their madly,, deafen- Ix'"7': ing roar! ; j r; ' The participation of women will refine and purify municipal politics. When primary meetings are composed jointly of men and women, both will be on their good behavior, and the caucus will be lifted to the f level of the parlor. When of our board of aldermen and common council are women, we shall have a higher standard of personal character and of personal morals. . Women suffrage will compel parties to nominate better candidates, because women discriminate nibre closely, than men in their estimates of character. They have a higher regard for personal fitness, They are less fettered by party ties. . They com s of our church members prise of our convicts. When and only women"vote, the churches and the schools will become more influential than the saloons. Ex. one-hal- three-fourth- one-tent- h ' 