.WOMAN'S ... ; hed to'Tx. faithful. , Sister Phillips asked th aid of the Lord, jhUijUMhe Work V -- ritis is a day gW forsoine ofher tute?ravrr.i i - . - RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. Tiik quarterly conference of. the Relief Society of the Salt Lake Stake-oZion, will' be held Saturday, December iath' f in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly rooms 111 tins, cty. meetings commencing at 10. a. m. and 2. p. in. It is urgently. re quested that a representative from each society in the stake be present, as verbal reA cordial invitation is ports, are desired extended to the public. ' Margakkt A. CALVK,;Sec. 1S95, 'V" "? ETERNITV OF GOD. In the crjnd.it ion of immortality those: who ; At the Latter-DaSaints" hall, 48 Sands and happiness forever, while those who w. Richards spoke yesterr.f screen, j;i(jr efficacy the sifted out. ' v , , : icmarks by President; Home. .Meeting adjourned for two weeks. Simr. ing "Our God we raie to thee. " benediction. Sister Elizabeth Paul. t L. I). Ai.dj:i Act. "Sec. i . KXFONjKNT. , -- -- . RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS". ' ; . y day upon "Eternity of God and the it of he Soul, of Man." quoting rtality Isaiah XL 1 Evidences of the exIm-.H- . r ir . .2-1- 4. istence of an iijtelligent being whom the Cl1risria.11 world call" God, he said, are so ' numerous that to most intelligent minds there 'is no doubt of this great ultimate fact. They are discoverable in the creation of .the . couditiou of .misery aiid wretchedness, such as their sins have justly merited, as shall be determined by PJirri whose judgments are'' " r"" iut to all men. ' The programme' of human existence. was - v , that here in a state of trial man might prove his fidelity to God the truth and right and become' developed in all the attributes of a godly character, which at tributes have been transmitted and inherited as a legacy from the Father to His children, and all this, that the children-mabecome earth and of man to dwell upon it, demonstrating an intelligence, wisdom and not possessed by manor any 'combination of men:i.- t iie ldea ,Jf such a being as the creator or organier of, material things has existed among men since d welling urxm the earth,-anHe must have existed before the creative work was done, iiiakin'g Him, as He knows, love as He loV'es and possess as relates to earth and time, a being ofeteruity, He possesses, kingdoms and thrones with not limited by time as measured unto man! eterual lives;' being made kings and priests Htitn CLrA f r ruimi irili TJI.i frm'nf He was befpre time and-wibe after time S. W. Richards. everlasting to everlasting; uu-- . Brooklyn Eagle, Oct. 28th. iSo.e changeable, 'possessing and. exercising at. tributes that endure "while life or thought or being lasts or immortality endures." IN RURAL ENGLAND. Having accepted this fact as one which consciousness approves, it" becomes desirL. 7 able to learn what relationship man sustains ConciitiUd.' to such an allwise, infinite and eternal God. "ICdward, my boy, I look upon you alWe are told that man's body was formed in the likeness and image of his .makerlike most as my own son" said "Mr. Barriiigton, God's body; that the pint of life by which, "otherwise I would not open. my heart to- it was quickened came " from ..the "same 5ou, but I feil assured you will not betray You already know some confidence. source, and when thus "animated the. body my that I ''crew un with- and spirit, united became a living soul, and thing ot my history, that this creator God is the Father of the out love, or tenderness from any relative, i was educated by my uncle, whom you spirits of all flesh; that when the spirit and knew, but he had never even seen" me. nor body are separated by death the spirit re-- , did heiviiow aught' of me qxcept from his turns to God, who gave it, while the body returns to dust, from whence it came. The agents in London through whom I received I came to America on fact that the spirit of. man came from God my allowance. board the ship on which vour father's" and shall return to him again proclaims the sister and husband, her cousin and husband,- -eternity .,of the spirit.. But what of the Dr. Bland, were fellow passengers, and body? Is. the soul of. man to be eternally made their acquaintance: your father was lost by an eternal separation ot spirit from at that time in foreign lands with Rob Tlnr. the body? If so, then the work oiGodLiXi Ul reatiHtrmah-isffilstratedm,Al void" bv aere on was nib lie tne lavored arrival, the power of sin, and. death has triumphed. suitor of your grandfather Hilliard's wife. This cannot be, for it is written the grave Aunt Anna's mother, but through a shall have no victory, death no sting.. your conspiiacy which has never quite been iin- Therefore, it must needs 'be that the spirit raveled he lost her, and- she became the and body be again united to become a liv- wife of Sir ' Edward. , On returnimr from ing soul, and in a state where there is no rhisj wanderings abroad he met your aunt at death. In this state and condition it is im- ahaH in London ami was so sli Uck by tier tytriersontts resemblance to his former sweetheart, and accomplished. cousin Clarice Courtney, that he obtained an .But who is to bring to pass this resurrec introduction, and voluntarily acted as a sort tion or reunion of the body and spirit? Not of guardian ever afterwards; maii; he has no power, to accomplish this. gave her away at the time of her marriage, It must be someone who has all power, and so on. His intention then was to reboth in heaven and on earth--i- n heaven for. main in England-busomehow he became the spirit's sake and on earth for the body's strongly attached to Miss Conway, who " sake. This work can only be done by one was then acting as chapovhc to Miss d who is free from sin- and over whom death (Lady Anna) and learning that she has no power. It must be the work of a waj engaged JoJ)r. BlaiKl, he decided to . Redeemer, a Savior from this condition of 'gcTabroad again, believing Jfatelvsarnst-- " death, and this was accomplished by Jesus him in love afTairs,and realizing your father Christ, who came to earth, died as men die, needed experience in the new position he then arose from the dead and established had been born to, though he knew it not the resurrection or reunion oflie spirit janit until his father's (Sir FM ward's) death, he decided to continue his wandering life, and body"for"alfrmen7lns Adam all died so in Christ shaJlall bemadex gave himself up wholly to travel, and such alive; and the decree has gone forth that enjoyment as one finds in iiew places, and this mortal shall put on immortality, this among fresh scenes. Finally; from some corruption shall puKon incorruption, and sudden impulse, he returned, to find every- the mission of Jesus shall restore all men thing changed, 'and he also found me the who ever lived to the condition of living rest you know except my own particular ' souls, and bring them again into the part in the life drama of the people we have presence of the Father to be judged for the talked of, 'which in some instances is more deeds done while living- souls in, the body. of a tragedy." d ll --fr- om -- ' . ; . " The- Stake Secretaries of the Relief Society in alPthe organized Stakes, and in (ranches of the Society in this; and other countries where .there is no Stake organized should send in a statistical and financial yearly report for 895. . At the last business meeting of the Board of Directors of the National Woman's Relief Society, a quorum being present, it was decided ihat the annual report of the Society should be made in February, therefore, instead of dating from the first day of January to the last day of December inclusive, reports will be r from February to February of each year. . This year reports must date from the first day of January 1.S95, or otherwise a correct record .could not be kept. Secretaries should be careful and exact in conforming to this official notice. Id-All repoils-sho- u forwa be the Secretary, Constitution Building Salt Lake City, not later than the1 20th of - 1 ; .1 -- here-afte- rdcd-to-the-of--;iee- February. : .. . EMiii;l.i5,TK.B. - Wei.ls, Secretary. , E. B. WELI.S, President. Margaret A." Caine, Rec. Sec - k r A . . ,J "Tu ade ' monalMthemmii 7 TiiiTW. S. Association in the several .counties, in this Territory are hereby reminded that the memberships are due this present month, and the State President has been notified that the entire membership must be sent on to the treasurer of the . . -- STATE W. S. A. OF UTAH; National American W. S.A. otherwise we shall lose our votes in the Convention dur ing the year 1S96. Officers are urged to be ris diligent as possible iu collecting and forwarding the money with ;the names and addresses of all paid up members to the Treasurer Ella W. Hyde 246 W. 2nd South St. Salt Lake City. These lists of names and addresses must be certified to by the Presidentand Recording 'ecretary-of-th-e respective auxiliary W. S. A. The State President also requires a concise report of the year's work in each county to be forwarded toher address, duriug this month in time to include it in theyearly report which must reach the Secretary of the X. A. W. S . A. before January 1st 1 896 . self-appointe- d t . Hil-liar- - " . -- - f - 