' that,.rirue civilization grOws only as liberty - HttgionjlourUhe'a whexeill are 'equally- free; and that the - ' be gone until &??9 p- - ' .J' ,'...;;l..l:J TJjdxty: of Clueo" Is tbout 'fJhi , -- to ; e ' . Smith. The last named' subject delivered as it was Jiy one. personally acquainted riltlllHt tIMtirll timilinr nno " ii" lilurHJ v'v.wt. iiivntii lauiuiai hold words'to. President 'LiinU.iv nml jntii', w in the others congregation, was to all intensely .interesting and soul inspiring, and calculated to strengthen our faith, confirm our hopes aud'lead us (inwaidv The question of' Woman's Suffrage though 'hftl as,fajniliar as the latter subject, was listened Jo with the greatest attention j 1 11 . v " . WTIIard have both' conditionally accepted invitations to speak before the.fifth meeting of the great A n tPiilcohol Congress,, to be held in BaSle,. Switzerland,' August . " ' . Two women of Cripple Creek, Colorado., inierest,--Wor;haawakened thought were recently Called, to acton." a jury- - in a and 'reflection that cannot fail to produce antl ease where xi wonan vas defendant. The results. It is a subject. alnlds; new to fact that the mixed, jur re only out good many of our .Sisters, and who have not five minutes when they brougiyr in. a ver dict .of guilty shows that the presence of fully comprehended its importance, and the o:wers aiid privileges" the franchise 'would women-ithe jury, box will not necessarily but- 1cin'g' connected )C likely to- confer; delay matters or prevent justice being done.'' uuu a.juung ana j)rogressive state, we In Pennsylvania another of the noiseless hope tcf fall ' in line with Wyoming, Colorado andtah in the Woman s Suffrage steps.of progress toward's woman's enfranchisement has been taken. For the first, movement, and secure every advantage time the mothers of that State have this that, can "be obtained by equality ' at tlie - s . , u . - - . - week secured the equal costody and control of their own children. Half a million mothers have now, in 'the Keystone State, a right still denied by our Legislature to the women of Massachusetts. . . Mrs. Julia B. Nelson says: "Woman does not want the earth, but ; neither will she le satisfied, with the use of a third of it; she wants 'the. undivided half!' Gentlemen may cry 'Peace! Peace!' but there will be no peace until .she has a clear title' to that . a which Jier Heavenly Father bequeathed to her. His list will and testament has been set aside through niany dark ages, but she now has the will in her possession, is , able to read it, and bases her claim to joint title in the ownership of the earth on that of the, will found i trtheji rst xhapter-of-Uenes- . -- sec-JLio- n is 26-2- 8 RELIEF SOCIETY ORGANIZED. inclusive.''' , ballot box, in the schools, colleges, and in every way and" place where woman's in fluence can be expected to better her social condition, and that of humanity in general. Your Sister in the Gospel, L. M. Hart. r Bloom iNGToy, Idaho, July 3,. 1895. CLASS'IN MIDWIFKRY. Dr. R. B. Pratt, specialist in eye and . .. ' r ear ana mmwiieryv omce 75 v. street, Salt Lake Uty, Deseret Hospital is closed) com- - mences class 111 midwifery October 9, 1S95. 4Vit-- .1 W--if- . lf counts of the great London meeting and the "doings" of the white ribbon part on the continent. J Then says the Union Sigr "" r:. ... nal: officers: Mrs. Virginia F. Major, President; Mrs. Emma Corbridge, First Counselor; Mrs. Mary A. Egbert, Second Counselor; Mrs. Antiuett Dibble, Treasurer, and Mrs. Mary Editors, proof readers, compositors and every one connected with the paper will hie away 'on the first train or boat to a cool, quiet spot, and spend the two wetks conscientiously seeking renewed ability for. their various arduous tasks,. Roberts, Secretary. Wishing you success, ! remain yours truly, MRS. HORDE'S VISIT .TO Mrs. Hannah "J. 'Bailey, in her recent report as National Superintendent of Peace Editor Exponent: The summer" visit of Sister M. I. Home to her daughter, Mrs. George Spencer the past mouth, has been made a source of interest and profit to the Relief Society of this Stake. It was at the r.quest of our worthy Pres- ident, J. P. Lindsay, that our beloved Sis- ter consented to hold two meetings in Paris, j j t which were well attended short notice given. Sister Lindsay made a remarks before introducing was listened to with great rnnmir n T7" A "26728,3dand32 East 1st SouthSt., the-holida- -- .FA.Mator. rrf innlart- fi T to accustom former years, and omit two issues in midsummer. The last issue. before July 11 , will be the special world's W. C. T. U. number, containing full ac- Editor Women's Exponent: Thinking that it might be of some interest for you to know that on the 13th of June, President Susan Grant of the Davis Stake with her comiselorsr also of the Stake Presidency; Hiram Grant and Joseph Clark organized a .Kenei society wun me ionowing namea 1 ' Thit Union Signal will revert '.West Layton, July 12th. and Arbitration work in the W. C. T. U., quotes Victor ;Hugo's prediction that war fare would cease in the twentieth centnry, and adds: "It will not be long ere the. people of the world will regard the wars of the present day with the same feelings as we now regard the gladiatorial combats and other barbarities ot former ages." v, -- '20-2- 2 - V. - 7 ' toarising through their own selfish-apathward the common weal. Over and over again history teaches this lesson: the same rule that makes for the righteousness aifdprosperity of a family, makes for the food of the State." Where established. for all;" where all are equity-isinterested, actively, in the happiness of alj;, where each allows the other the liberty each prizes for him or for herself; where all are unselfishly willing-- to take turn in serving as guides to those who want direction; but where no one strives to dominate others by. force, there the conditions are perfect for the highest human development of both family. and State. Whatever superficial readers of the past may assert, every .profound student of history wilt find that no people on the face of the earth ever rose; to its "highest civilization," ' in "periods when women were tne slaves 01 men, wnen cmiaren were the property of parents, when infanticide .was universal; when labor was despised, and when there were no 'rights,' natural, or 'acquired, except ror the warrior and the . patrician. " What is "civilization?'- - ft is a social life which is conditioji baed wholly on-opposed to niilitaucy. To. le civil isto be kind, gentle, courteous",' "considerate of others, rendering unto them the justice we wish them to give to ourselves. .Civilization vis the state of being refined in manners n of hpintr frtf Irnm the grossness of savage life. ' ; called the American 1 . 1 upon us, at ui the obliga'tioiis we were .....Under as S lints, and as HiembL'rs ,of this Church, in order that We obtain the re ward of the faithful. resj)5nsibility of motherhood in training children. Observing the ,Sabbat.h day;:--Spokalso upon. the life and charac- ter anu. teacnings ot tne ,l'ropliet Joseph , tictl lor "s feets presented were, lt he necessity of.VuIly t of Sociology - Professor Albion W. ,iu;a."f6Urnal cbm Small; assisted, bv the .faculty of the social tatfy thedTfirtWstncs u:e biate. . 11 lu uceaube me oiaie is sci e n ce d cpa r t men t , w i suiuie a v e ch a rge . L : i . ' A l i t. .... r i out an expauueu iamny inaj. us interests Lady Hirnv.SoMiCRsin': was reelected suffer, and miibt sutfer, "when the feminine .members of the expanded family clobe their president, of the Brit jsh Woman's Temper-- , Lady Somerset and Miss eyesears, heart and mind to the evils7 a n?e Union. QiMo . " X Iv WS X.QXJvS.N D f and will fy in June j noblest specimens of both family and. State j are found only when anU wiiere wtaueii,;' are least suDjectecr to men, ana are strug- - h - : ' - IDA HO. SALT LAKE CITY. ThLeaclUi Retail Cash House, R.K.THOMAS Woman's Keeps on Hand " " " DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS -.- ' our Sister who attentions Sub- - ative .i considering the, few appropriate Inst' Co-oser- ANO , - tire s!yl s, No STATIONERY, EQUI- POISE WAISTS, ETC. linking: in - . all its branches, HUUnery, lates 1Ih(s and Honneu cleaned and retrimme i 4-Q U IJST T1JJ1PLK s i 1 uki:t 