Vr x rr- -r vrar A.. "t, and utiscidshlv JIuN . J-h- Hoon kk , t he, , ,". ; ix-ir- , ; Richardson, Lincoln; Mrs. Fannie O'Linn, .Chadron; Alice A. Alinick, Beatrice; Miss H. K. Wright, Scotia; Mae IV. Wood;. Omaha; Kate M. Hall. Ord. TiiK Pacific Coast Woman's Press Association held its annual convention in Sau Francisco early in September. Mrs. Ada Van Pelt, editor of the Vacjhc :Vi5r;4..the State W. C. :T. U. paper, was presidentlnid Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, first The resolutions adopted vice president. included the following; "We heartily endorse the suffrage "amendment giving, the franchise to woman, and urge every man to vote for the same." , r.e-elect- . Hon. IL M. Cukkkll, the. champion of the woman suffrage, amendment in the Nebraska legislature in S81, died recently Mr. Correll vas ,a at home in Hebron. consistent and able advocate of. woman suffrage in h;s different terms as a member of the Nebraska House, as editor of the Hebron ourtial, as a leader in the G. A. R , every capacitvhis voicend might always be counted on to aid the movement for woman's legal aiid politi-cal equality. Mks. Belva A. Lockwooi), secretary of the American Peace Bureau, has received the thanks of Emperor Wrilliam of the Gefiirarr convediliioiigb for "Arabassador, congratulations forwarded, to him on the occasion of the opening of the Baltic and North Sea Canal. The Em-,- : peror expressed gratification that ' 'his intentions and endeavors are fully understood" and appreciated by the distinguished promoters of the noble aims which, form the purpose of your association. 1 -in- fluence 1 - Ger-lnan- v Governor Greeniialge," of y, Kksou 'Tfmas 15- , I urge it upon every woman in the Com monwealtii to come to tile, polls next November and do her duty;" This appeal sounds like a clarion : call throughout America, for good citizenship. Of n , Nov 4- who departed thi-- . 1 l r Kldcr Nathati aitfrt - I.iiu. pan it T . 11 i. n Secretan. - September 5th, - ' " f - . j-- .j- - 1 1 n 1 il.ii . 1,1- -. v.a r ,t- - n.f i. turia,1 ''Happy soul thy toils ate eiuled And thy trials here below Now with ,angt guides attended . TT' 1 And a cruAn m ( thei-bestowed.- " ; Com,' . . - Practical inventions by women are making a gotd showing at Atlanta. lun- ula Farrell, of Brooklyn, has invented a revolving frying pan, and Mrs. A. K. Taylor, of Brooklyn, a fastener, which" is a handy. contrivance to keep the clothes .bed-clothe- s v over the children at night. Mrs. H. Ryan contributes a metal liquid polish, which X)lishes all metals, hot or cold. . Ellis R. Shipp,iyi.D. Practitioner aiid 'Instructor In memory of Sister Susannah W. Perry who died in Cedar Citv Sep. nth, iSq.5; she was born in Lancashire, England, on the loth, of May, 1S25. ister Perry embraced the Gospel in her native rand in the year 1S4S ai d in connection with her husband, emigrated to Utah, arriving in Cedar City in the year iS52,whereshe has resided up to the time of her death. Sister Perry faithfully fulfilled the duties of a mother in her own household and teacher in our Relief Society for OBSTETRICS & in ": ... NURSING. Her next term will begin October ;jl, lt,r, at lier office, is Main Street, with greatly improved facilities for intfuctio.)i in this iinpor- tant branch of educatiun. Special terms given to societies sending many years. Her. words of encouragement" and kind deeds and her strict attendance to the meetings, proved her faithfulness in this work. She had a rmar'k-abl- e memory and having read the Scriptures a great deal could refer to any passage in them. Suffering from a cancer, the pain of which at times was almost unendurable.for over two'years; she mrny times would refer to the trials of Job, and the great faith he had in his Maker. Her JajiiJhfin r sw exe comforted and sustained by the loving presence of her husband and her ten sons and daughters, her spirit took its flight to that home she loved to , sing about. The funeral services were conducted in the Tabernacle, May 13th. Several of the brethren eulogizing the character of our dear sister and exhorting those left behind, to emulate her virtues, which may we all strive to do, ; ' .tudeut.v' For full fjartieulars-iiKjuir- e personally or by letter to ELLIS. 11. SHUT, 18 .Main Street,, ' Salt Lake Citv, Utah.. R.E THOMAS -, 26r28730anfJ32East IstSouthSq SALT LAKE Cly. . The Leading Retail Gash Irloase R.KTHOMA S J. P. NlACKKLrKNliXjOL-SeC- : c ro-r- d a-- ! 1 . In ' Hfe Cedar Cit- y- tg anstie"tx te.im; time dtivm '.'If re . '. ' . t 'IllVtli She tu t onlv did r an rt rot:!(l forsrr it .spiritually, but lerfvirnetl the work (or ninny bt her tlead k indred, and u U laiLhful member f . the Relit f Six. icty. ' She was. a faithful aiul loving wife and although hearing no chddreir s.he was n mther inde. tj.. Many will speak of some kind deed 'dune, and counsel givm, by Aunt Maty. good - Pew have paed away being as well prepared in all things. Sht- - has finished her work and ,n " down to a quiet test: - r -- J uctr She burr .ill the tn.ils of !i(r with 'I loved sister and friend, uho havine ltd a noble her positiofi as counselor on earthi arul in the Relief Sixriety in an exemplary manner from the time of its firt organization to withjn the tst four or five ears onaccount of her extreme old age AVe her co labvrers dt em it a pleasant iluty to testily to her faithfulness arul integrity in the cause of truth. be it res lvei1, that we extend our if' Therefore her to family in their bereavementhav-inp- : sympathy a faithful lost loving mother and friend. Whereas, our Heavenly Father has called her home as a shock of corn fully ripe Therefore be .it resolved,' we the members of the Relief Society do cherish her memory and emula'e her virtues and strive to carry out in our lives her motherly counsel which was always wise in temporal as well as spiritual things Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be presented to the family. A ccpy be entered upon the record of the Relief Society and a copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. l fit , Whereas in t!ie Providerce of an AIKuse God,' Ve have been called upon to part with our be- - 7 MRS. MARY A:' RAKER TANNER. "the Parliament of Man." at the Park He said: x. "When I use the term man, it includes woman, or rather woman includes the whole business. (Applause.) It wij! be tl.I the .V.iuv Uva, living: t: '!i i in N au.iit 1 of rtspect to Martha I'ane Jonf if TKN"s - Mass. in Street Church vestry, Boston, last Wednesday, spoke. noble words for woman suffrage. S. it l OHITI'ARIKS.- - . , or .eurjs-- . directory ol trie Mate Ka contains the names of time women at-- : a M. Bittenbender, WinonpS. torreysr-ArtSawyer,- - Mrs. Zara-- ; Wilson and Nellie M. , bu-- Lily Lord In where , .i iTAtl. ift i, lt. e, it was iiu:ul 'ihat the ' right thigh tont' was broktn. - He is almost eiirhtvyea'rs old. Nv. .mil I -- v ear-ried'honi- N . ofAVer.Jrll' O leans su.it hv. 'hulaud yi - ' .i A" .. Mrs. Isabella Ececher- Ho. ker, was seriotis-liniured bv being, run into bv a bicyclist .it Hartford, Conn. Mr. Hooker' was lilt in Nevt Jtv! kolv .'r.e.nuv 4 nuxstcrt ?Nl Ad 4lS OUNV.krS I'H F WOMAN'S Wa ill CLASS IN MIDWIFERY. To the many friends and acquaintances of Mary R. Baker Tanner, I announce her death, which occured in Granfsville Utah, Oct. 7.1894. Si.?' was seventy years of age the 12th of March, 1S94. Although agreat sufferer from' asthma since childhood, her last sickness was brief, she, being in usual health, until two weeks previous to her death. It would take many pages to relate the story of the life of this energetic and good woman. It is well known 'o all her acquaintances with what willing hands she administered acts of kindness to those about her. She has been identified with the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints from an early date, moving with her parents she joined the church at the age of thirteen years. It was at this place she first saw the prophet Joseph Smith, and declared him to be a Prophet of God, and bore testimony of it faithfully to the Dr. R. B. Pratt, specialist in eye and ear and midwifery, office, Room, 226, Constitution Building, Main street, Salt Lake City, commences class in midwifery October 9, 1895. Write for particulars. Womans Inst' Co-operative y CURE FOR POISON IVY. 7 An excellent remedy for this poison is the whey obtained by scalding xsour milk. Dip cloths in the whey and apply" to the affected parts, renewing with fresh ones as fast as they dry, ujitiHhe fever subsides Do not TTsn1fe same cloths more, than once, -- frornjjejxnadve-tate4New-York)rto-Kirtrano7Dh- io, ' on Hand . DRESS GOO D S A ND TR1MMIN GST FAN C Y ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI- -' POISE WAISTS. ETC. ..': From Kirtland last. she moved to njnostJiewliitr--th- e SaintsrAvere dnrerrfronTJITssouri. , With her parents from that place moved to KLeeps styhs, "NTr XNU Hat and ItoimeM cleaned and retnmmed ' iaiv STiiiiiiT AA Q O, Opp. Ziuu's Co op. ." Mel', lust'" ; ) 