WOMAN'S r. :: do ask 'Jhtm, ai tHe Relief twloug teacher; but jheiiunger-voiieiJri- o C'XJ'ONIVnT; matters.. I have thought of your confer; euce Hiany;UmtMluring the da v, and felt a a tV'J must he as great a wrong to hex to him. simply becane sIuT fa"wVinaVi and uu umw ajvA j Ai4SAawuiK jor me J nni-he a. nwn? M aii and woman"., are: of the same" finffirT?ar el to ou lf nothmg more;- - tberefore after' mother, uo.ssess tlusame air, feel the some cold or heat." hunger IKhtte-".:lv?' this meetinp. or thirst, pleasure or nam m'I:WwM -- her father came ami asked if .miup ' titr the ' she, wear the same fabrics wrought only loxi, wiiicu are m tliemselves essential but we in different formsand had resig ned and was' movingTawa fashions; exist by the Sister are not neither are .. we Ho I c 1. all temporal, same1 I'm;! (. un.v Ciii lipoti means, bbth lear the' divine Jmage uvvu riz-nine secre and it is spiritual, difficult deterto and very T h ey jwssess t he sam e div ine natu re tary whose father used to come and tend hH!4ne where Item the ends and are just the live die poral and and Hve'agaiti for the born, the children while she tf.ok the minutes, we are both since, l one opunuai tempor-aand uegins, great glorious purpose. They tire aiid it was acting a father's and mother's and spiritual, and both are blended into to each o.ther! each is the part one. It is wise noto run. to either extreme. indispensible of the both for this complement Sister Richards moved and it was secondthe Prophet organized the Relief world and the 'world-t- o other, Joseph come, forr time and ed that we have a Conference in June, the iity-anhas- been a help to the ch urch lui au nen - w i y - si 1a - on e e n cieniuy president put the motion -- and- theaters in many ways. Tlje good influence of the" joy civjj. rights and the other be denied voted standing upon their feet, the vote was societies is needed in social life, and them? Why shall one be admitted to al' greatly unanimous. . ii r me hi Humes 01 me saints, over your the avenues of mentaland physical i)rogre.ss A notice was read, by the Secretary , from sons and daughters, as well as for the bene- and prosperity. and the. other be prohibited. Sister Sorensoh, and Sister Zina made some fit of the and poor needy. Your influence and prescribed within eertain narrow limits, remarks upon it and of Sister Sorenson. should.be potent for goodi to her material abridgment and detriment? 'Sang, "We thank thee O, God for a that tends to good is of God, andEverything is a Do not women eat bread as well as men? Prophet, N:c. Prayer' by M. W. Snow, to the authorities of the church, local help and Shall men be favored as and June 4; 1895. general for the grand object of their labors women lie handicapped in their effort to win hvKNKSG session. Prayer by Bishop Jstqdo. good- - in - the- - world r and "di mihislf bread? Shall a man be paid higher wages evil and wrong as (m.iich as-- possible until than is paid to a woman for Madsenr Sang,"'For the strength of the doing no bethills we bless thee." Sister Robertson, of .righteousness shall reign from the "rivers ter than she .does the very same work? Shall the avenues for employment le mul- Oraugeville, Kmery Co. gave" a good re-- , to the ends of the earth.''. Referring to the subiect of woman port of the Relief Society in that Stake, all tiplied to men and diminished to women he felt well and were doing a good work &c. said in substance: he thoughL by the mere 'dirtum" of selfishness "of men?--' rights Hannah A. Crosby, of Panguiteh, gave many women were extremely careless anjj If man can perform lal)or for which woa good report of that stake, though she was indifferent t( their rights. This was caused man is physically disqualified, let' luui. en-- . to sonie extent by ignorance, jindthought- - joy-- the monopol very timid, said it was hard for the sisters of it f let the" same be to go to some places and could not unless lessnessrand to "some" extent by tradition. said of woman. Hy what process ofreasou-.incan it be shown that a woman standaccompaniedby brethren, as it would not' We inherit much from the fathers, and some of the of the relics, dark the to not distance across unsettled besafe, long ages, ing atthe head of a family, with air the lands and camping out at night. say of barbarism are still cherished by some responsibility resting upon her to provide Counselor Jane S. Richards prefered to hear people to their hurt. Accustomed to thiugs for them, should" be deprived of the avenas from the sisters in the congregation; the they were and are, they rest content and ues, and ways or means that a man is like seek no changes, however much for the bet- circumstance may.enjoy to provide for them? signs of the times are important and excitter a change might be. But he could get Yet many of these un wholesome conditions ing and she did not wish to be misunderstood, some of us are desirous and anxious, along with this class better than with such do exist, and that too vastly, to" the t as would not only make no exertion them some more than others, we who have not withstanding which selves to progress, but would and did exert strange to say, women may be, found who brought up these young men in . the Convention why ar? we- - not good enough to themselves to prevent - the progression of seem to glory in their enthralled condition, others.. He regarded such as enemies to and.. who caress and fondle the verv chains sit there by them; some nien who have been called to fill high places, and had the votes society. Not i tentionally perliaputXand-ri- a enslave Af be cause the them! "who Let those love helolessdethis ualryisJlvhatever might 3lhepeople1-h- a y e rai sed ppotrorrtrjvo men voting. Iendent condition and prefer to remain in In the world ever since their conduct. For his part, he wanted women to enjoy it and enjoy it; but for conscience and for Joseph organized the Relief Society the women of the, whole world are trying to have every blessing, privilege, right or liberty mercy's sake let them not stand in the" something in the shape ofrights, we .should' which he himself enjoyed in the legitimate way of those of their sisters who would have these privileges and stand by the side pursuit of happiness in this world or in the be, and ofy right ought to be free. wiio.will not enter into the door of of men and help them. It seems so world to come. The only differences or be should distinctions that regarded or equal rights and Hnnnrfi'nLffHv pleasant to go from house to house and f tep "f and leave inlm the to "rot clear nd to the sick and needy npd- ft 'is jacuLx those aside, passage nognirH who desire to enter. It is said if the wonve lor t ip ( ;onl. the Lord will help us We should guard with sacredness the which God himself has created, men have equal rights'they must bear equal to do good, we feeL refreshed and blest, in they are inevitable, and we could not iwe burdens with the men. They dp this aldoing kind acts for others. ready except that their burdens are made President Joseph F. Smith said: I have would deface or change them, but God never did design that a woman should receive une jual; in that they are deprived of the felt some one or more' pf the brethren might be less for the product of her labort whether enjoyment of equal rights. Yes but, says present with rou during this conference, of hand or brain, skilled or meniel than a the objector, they must sit on juries, they, " man should receive for the same labor no must serve as policemen, sherriffs, marthat you might,at least, have the encourage shals, soldiers, 6cc. Well, let them do so ment that their presence might give, to better executed than hers. Nor did he deto be if should bear, they want to, and can get such office. required help you in your. important labors. The sign "that women reason why President Woodruff is not equal burdens with men without sharing But what, nonsense this is, it' is all right for them to be -- qualified - for any and all equally the benefit thereof. "iulc ouen 111 tne meetings ot tne pocieiy, He Would not. attempt to make a 18 positions and to possess the right or privibecause, not only of his extreme age, so of the difference between mans and lege to fill them, but that, they now being over 8 but because he is overwhelmed with a multitude of other duties, woman's physical and" mentaJpabiliUes does not. follow. There are many men Tif com muiuty who .never sat on thaLmake i t nlivdw Dr"llimT fortheyerequestidhrolTgn to1 the one- every ajury, vimrsnwi . hlpf ! never he quesrj-- he j been called to do so, nor to the m.nd, public Meeting naving X? 00 more than is constantly doing. uc as uis.u kjjl be a soldier, or to do any duty, nor to be uciaci is He olten does raore.tnan ne tlOIl IS, Sllall WUmcu not, shall the male citizen have a voice in sherriff, policemen , marshals, nor even snogld. isl a male, governors or judges; and yet thenHve President Cannon has been a great deal civil government because he posj be denied the same sessedall the qualifications to fill any of these, citizen female a and may irom home of late, on important business. He returned from the-- east this privilege simply because she is a female? positions. Therefore why shall the women, a man indignantly .resent "taxation be compelled to do things because she has corning, and the Presidency and twelve Shall have been representation," and a woman not the franchise that men are not compelled to all day, in council, in without occupied o lik-n- v ise, or tamely submit to that which do Many women are afraid of woman's e consideration of and pressing" important U Society we Ix-gtte- p Jvre,.,."" " - .i 1. 1 i - a . 1 ' ' - . . - d -- 1 1 -- . 1 v 1 - j bread-winner- s, - , - g . " . detri-men- of-wome- !iaeler-h:cfrfeUeT"a- . ;Let-the- . at-l- nr-tlK- '-n des-tinctio- n - coin-paris- on wias 1 1 -- I I " . - . 1 ' " . - 