wnat Co'm 'Oituh Barms said. tell This wile, J, aful livi- daughters and one hence ?ur success, .with pull tugeUir; rs m me bank; and hundreds of a.cicn, of well cultivated land, unencumbered with mortgages," lie also like his .brother' Harlan is filling many positions of public trust. He is also called ea. Barnesas was his lather Udorehim. ' His doors opening. piano, organ., his three parlors, show that city talent and education .was being introduced into tf-- - ... ; j n - ,.;,-- . t. - "nd'daughtefvW and-foldin- grear variety could run; a farm as well as father." I only got a glimpse of the work on this : mammoth firm, in the two ridesj. over the 'hills, and hollows, seeing tenant houses,, Among the rest, while there, a herd of cattle. was bought,. and turned into a large pasture to use up the grass. Cousin Ortoii said that his laud would average from twenty, to forty dollars per acre. Says I ."You, with your varicose veins, had better ride, and let some one else work,": He said his son was going to attend the firm, and the rest were going to Mempliis to finish their education, in the High Schools. Monday Aug. 12, S o'clock a. m. I left Cousin Lois and her brother Orton's family for Memphis. I got a ticket to Kansas City, Kansas. Going east to Medill, at 12 a. in. waited for connection. At 2 p. m. started west to Kansas City, arriving in the night Here I tried to use ray excursion ticket, by getting a lay off at Newton Kansas; but the cash was what they required 'sixteen to one." Here the immensjinmrnr and barns.. . ' the in- should at the proper time, get upon the right car. Of course.the inclining cushioned seat was nice, which I did not always have, but I was not comfortable; yet, very thankful that the rest wer; asleep, so that I. could walk the aisle. In traveling oue each" au-M- con? many friends. It is a long road through Missouri, and Kansas, with but little stay between, Tuesday Aug. 13th, 6 o'clock a. m., I arrived at Newton. My mail which I sent the ;day before I left Memphis came the day after I did. What was tlie matter No sister here What, was I to do? I enquired after the engineer Trouslot. I was directed to the place by the depot policeman, who said ' 'You will see the new roof. ' ' The and make . . '4 0 X - ; . . - "v.. . i ed, rumW uuici.wr ' - The KihT's Daughters will be rep- mDM i4th, the Georgia oma,! resented a Press Association will ' nave second of the session, beginning on the month and closing on .the 4th. ;. Associa--tiorSuffrage Avith Miss Susan B. Anthony .its great The Daughters kader, will have the 7tb.. on the 18th, of the American Revolution on-th- "." e . i. ; . : h Jyr . Ah, ghosily as remembered mirth, the tale Of Summer's bloom, the legend of the Spring! And thou, too, flutterest an impatient wing, Thou presence yet more fugitive and frail, Thou most unbodied thing, Whose very being is thy going hence, , And passage and depjirLur TToleTTuTTIolhstill a splendid dying seem. And thou at height of thy magnificence A figment and a dream. . . , 1 . lt-s- s Stilled is the virgin rapture that was June, And cold is August's panting heart of fire; foiest-choi- r And in the For thine own elegy the winds attune Their wild and wizard lyre: And poignant grows the charm of thy decay, The pathos of thy beauty, and the sting, Thou parable of greatness vanishing! For me, thy woods of gold and skies of gray With speech fantastic ring. The zationsol : UMN.. or dies beloved and young, Tiiat dies , And therefore blest and wise O be less beautiful, or be britf, Thou tragic splendor, strange and full of fear! . In vain her pageant shall the Summe r rear? At lhy sgnaTt feaf iil-starr- , first organization to meet in Atlan ta Council of Georgia, will be the National Mrs. Mary Women of the United States, Lowe Dickinson, president. This congress wilb will open on the 7th of October, and 12th. Twenty organi- close Saturday, . the . a thoand 1 . I gave - AU ,. ... SELECTED Thou burden of .all songs the earth hath sung, Thou, retrospect in Time's reverted eyes, Thoimetaphor of e erydiingjhat dies, 1 r ' ' CONGRESSES OF WOMEN. t; . . storm-dismantl- de- s also the rest of the family, save the hired girl. Of course it would not be right. to wake an engineer, to have an early break-fasso, about half: past- - ninet o'clock, all including my sister Amelia Trouslot dined together. How lohg could I stay? And How much Time space have I left to tell it? was pressing, and space is short. Julius Trouslot,and wife Lettie; welcomed y . ..house had been torn a few days before by a cyclone which I had just escaped by my tention I found . the engineer asleep, w hence his time is fully occupied. '.... Saturday up to rest. To Be Continued.) ditioas, but a little suavity helps to modify ' , - 0 Co. . ng ' " d . - dividual, as. well as several policemen, that many-opposi- - S-3- 1 th work-'ir.gmarijjn- . -- Jii-crntact-wi- - -- ' eonies t ' ice-crea- ; . , 1 , '-- . tropical plants were the house, Missouri is a corn all around state;' but here in the northern part some-- ' thing else is raised. To work seemed a necessary appendage to this horn?: with so many sick, and so many to eat, baking washing, churning, milking, making, yes even to riding the reaper. So many girls, and but one boy. They' all seemed "so well qualified to. fill each place, as it came along. One said "she- ' . -' step-mother,- , Fd'acationai Congresses from the 26th to the 30th of OcUjIkt will each furnish fea.t of reason and a flow of soul'. ' ' Household Economics will require- two days, the 30th and 31st, nn which to prove tliat "There is is no place like home."-:-Thi- s fact they will illustrate with a beautiful cottage, which will be home of a his wife and four children durof the Hx- - Z ing the three and a half months ' Iposition. The General Federation of yoman's Clubs (Mrs. Ellen M. lienrotin, president)"'; uill for the first time hold its federation council in the South, on the 1st and 2nd of November. The W. C, T. U--. has accepted the 5th of Novemter, the Association for the- Advancement of Women will have the. 4th, and the New England Woman's Press For five days .Mrs.".: Association the 6th. Lillian Cole,. Bethel will give lectures on parliamentary law, and will conduct parliabenefit of women of mentary drills for the ' ' the South. - The International League of Press Clubs will meet there in Novembe'r, and the women members will read papers ill the Assembly Hall On the 13th. :; ' the farm life. A the eldest son, bid fair to equal the best, The children appeared kind and affectionate to their and. parents. His wife, reminded uie so much of my Aunt Sarah Fieldintelligent, and; consistent. I saw but little of him. he was off with his !' engine till late at each nightrand slept late ' ' ,"'; morning. sister' is wearied My ven; feeble; her face gave me pain, yet she works alf the time she is able. She feels she must be employed; as she is skillful with the needle. ;f had visited with her twice" at my home, since I had others of 'my kindred, and' the heat was so oppressive, I felt I must .hurry on. My sister writes that Aug. Monday 19, after I left; their, house was visited.with a terrific hail storm. The hail, 'measuring five and six inches, broke all the glass in her north window, into small particles and scattered it all over the floor; piling up a foot deep under the window oujtside; Stripping the leaves from all the trees, .'and. ruining her plants and beautiful foliage.;, .She'further informed me that Eugene had laid off from his engine Sept. 9th, '.as there were so many washouts, that Eastern trains could not travel. Was not I favored? Thursday Aug. 15th, p. m. I.started: for Colorado Springs. Not until.: now was I able to use my excursion ticket, on my return; again checking my luggage, and parting with my Sister Amelia, at the depot who feared that we should not meet" again. My attention was attracted all the way through Missouri and Arkansas, to the almost exclusive cultivation of corn. and Corn! NothCorn! Com! Johny-cake- ; ing else seemed to be raised. a. m. J arv Friday Aug. i6tb, at rived at Colorado Springs; very weary. uer consmeiauic vwu umuu au delav. 1 place, got a layoff on my ticket for this Rolhn-r nnd Sal da. Here mv sister's :sonr Burdett'TrOuslot.met me at the depot. At 10 o'clock a. in. I arrived at his rented house, and for the first time, saw his wife and their one -- year old baby boy, named Well they Rollin Cunnabell Trouslot. mav be proud of himT a picture of health and beauty . The father is now full of care, o,,ri otivUv at- wnrlr as (ieneral Mauaeer auu j ; in-t- ,, g at their 'head': on the 22nd; the National Woman's Press As sociation from the 22d, to thfeGth, and the aimxnwi lacinues; annougn yet young, av,r-qoiia- ed For me, to dream resigned1rjreJcojmenidg xt mountains draped and hooded night and morn, Ex:clnsive notes in wandering wafture borne, From unriiscoverable lips that bknv An immaterial horn; . winter-bodintrees, And spectral seem thy and drifted foliage we Thy ruinous bowers O Past and Future in sad bridal met, O voice of everything that perishes, And soul of dll regret' lw j " g . - . 