St- - 1 Iul r realizO' T inust not dwell too Jon; there aie 'jnaiiy; lui joroux: t'L.vvheii do not know a M. I. A. libraries; :n r .in :uss ... . "V ' . whch y;ay . " " '.. ; . ; . . i leaner .js pxnuea book more s ; 1 one mote likclv to Lilian AVhitii 5e7 .or Iptlie.kut. - -- i- I Y7 ' and has tkvidei!lydoiHejjricla.s'les. Mr, ami - tmTirTT?U7wtty in, hFiirmai 7 ied and his mother is 1 very proud rf- Miss Mary fv.'Wil. upo-- i beimr-ajaantlnK- i,J. ,sT 'new bcoks which have at, tractenimteh attention of ; latt?--Peni!r6- ke. are aiot ot you u typical New Kngland Story ofdistincti velv and as. lor nraeame and news- - sit7vith,whonryou on The the father's family Puritanical ideas, a. l pe wliich w e Xjiv acquainted. lifter: articles it is entirely out .'of 'the. side. are descended from Cotton Mather, and - miesUun; still when ore looks upon the luiglandejs know so well, but that many TsTcvv 1ir of" tlif w mi nln mnthpr'c ' ui .votild think overdrawn. It is'amusjeople class of literature of the present lime there;) -in Nia mi infill some" parts, thouh Uirn Kngbml itoo, but affecting witty arc .ome. very excellent and? uful new:y.KalI New York. She was first employed in .respect' ,.t)teinuess, rigidity and the sup-ana mere are periutncais tv me as a writer on the Cincinnati Commercial i).Ks; prcssiou of all emotional characteristics to wholesale' containing' ably, written-- aud.in- - and in iiSSO 'went to Boston and work began couiorm to the. rules of..' propriety;- - the. structive essays and papers on a. variety of' on the Kveuiug Traveler as an artwriter; that one will endure rather practical , inornlf and intellectual, as.well as in 1SS5 was made literary editor, and- - in' than let their tnie feelings be known, and-editor-shi..metaphysical. subjects; in tookchief the the 1S90, qf the pride which supports one on the 'border The Arena is classed alwut the foremost Boston 11 ocsli which she position Budget, of starvation, let. the ueighLors should of monthly journals at present, as eompris-- . I is medium" She as of far as .know. cupies know it, are; all faithfully depicted.- - If":is a ; ing the important' subjects and dive, issues slight ""in figure, blue eyes; "and light finely drawn pen picture of. what might and topics of theday, and time, and one height, hair. sunny N easily have occurred, 'and the main points might get a' vcrygood idea of how the1 world are true to life." 'The "New England Nun" I think it well we should know someis rapidly moving on, by merely a thorough of this one magazine.' It is howthing of literary women, we' aie likely to and other stories is her latest book;and is a periif-;aand one is apf to take meet and that some of our sisters already collection of short stories;'' that are very ever husbands and domineer- regularly to a cheaper journal vi tli matter know, and Who have vShown us some atten- - popukir, so I want to. tell you of Mariha I). J: ing wives, and husbands who took excellent more miscellaneous and varied, if not of so lion,-an,Lincolu, .whose novi dc .plume is 1'essie care of their stock, who had barns, saddle high a grade. of farming im-Speaking of booksaild theirauthors I am Beech author and journalist, she is the. niece and carriage houses, all sorts constrained to mention' Lilian Whiting's, of Brother Albert Brown and the cousin of plements and plenty of help, "hut who left Ward. the wife and daughters a, house not as good "The World Ikautiful". published in Bos-tc- Samuel Brown of the Twenty-seconas the barn to rive in, and all the hard work last year. .It is indeed a beautiful book, She entertained our Utah sisters in Wash; and one cannot hesitat; in giving such a ington this last winter one eveningat .a party of a farmer's vvifeto do,but:never considered book to young people to read and ponhelp.or 100ms in which to make given to a house full of people,', and urged her need-oder, it is )octry in prose, and truth in the us to talk on our own subjects truly, and a family comfortable; all these are set .The descriptions of pine woods most delightful setting. There are so many though only Dr. Shipp, Mrs.' Gates and "flower mvself were present, we had a pleasant and shrubbery the true sayings in it to .'cull from, that overjialf a dozen pages, one may gfeatly tnne; afterwards we were all invited to dine gardens, with sweet peas and four 6'clocks, the meadows fresh with cowslips and clover, there but unfortunately ve did not all arenrich the, store of thought; and the wonder is how slie. could so clearly express the rive in time. Mrs. Lincoln is much juore all the charm of rural life is beautifully told thoughts that other women have felt just as )romiuent than even our sisters who met .along with the stories; the morals are all uuas-- ' good, there is no lackadasicalness about keenly perhaps, but were not .able to" give her are prdbably aware, su m i n g , b ut has .been a very clever 'j ou r na them; they are such vivid pictures of inci, even rude setting to, whereas .Miss Whiting has all .her fine sayings dazzlingly polished, ist and is still. She wasborn at . Richfield dents and scenery that you might shut-you- r ana vSprihg N. Y. and educated near by, but eyes and see the. representation, and almost One chapter treating upon "Success as a begun literary work at sixteen, contributing catch the odor of the pines andlieat the ripto the "Morning Star" published at Dover pling brooks. Miss Wilkins was born in fine art'1 contains ithe following paragraph" 'New' which is as familiar, to me in substance as N. H. She married a medical student, who Randolph, Mass., and comes of for She I was has educated at am very grateful for the Kngland family. many years been a possible, and father to died her when moved in fine arrangement of her wording. she was"; 1S71 and they Ilolyoke, Washington is "crisis said it two of the financial is twent she and that tlie the believe wTecked last of "To and go forward is period key to andJdis-"TrusmiiaLS-tofami tu fe M rst success . h a hcr rs in lie success and to happiness. nd ncol T r hi st I)oul)t tyr writing , ejrJm it are the negative and corrosive forces. then toolTtxr journalistic work in real earnest. though she had written several things beShe corresponded regularly for the Daily fore, was a prize story for a Boston paper, The enthusias.m for a high purpose' calls in " to being the agencies by means of which it Chronicle Republican, Unioji and Republic and she socn became well known afterwards may be accomplished. Great powers attend and several Sunday Journals and also kept as a regular contributor to periodicals. The great thoughts, and, above all and beyond up her connection with papers outside of first production she was paid Tor, wasa balall, among the creative forces is the power Washington! She wrote up President and lad for Wide Awake, she wrote for the Mrs. Hayes silver wedding iu the White Budget, Harper s BazarAVeckly of a great faith. ' P House and real weddings in that historic - ;o No life is successful unless it; is radiant -she- says again And later on in the same" rhouse fonhe New York? Tribune. Ne:n several books, her'besf works besides those chapter she says, "The one great truth to . York Sun, and ra??ic sJown Daily Journal, I have mentioned are "The . Humble ro-- , was reporter for the Cleveland : PlamJhaler which we all need to come is, that a suc-- Lovers ' ' ' VA cessful life, lies not in doing this, or going at the same time, it is said the amount o'f Symphony in Lavender," I cannot speak there, or possessing something else; it lies work she turned out was very remarkable. ' ot these from experience as I have never in the quality of the dailv life. " In connection with two other journalists read them but her books and stories are In another chapter entitled "In newness she organized the National Press Associavery popular and as she is still a young woof Life" there are "many things correspond: tion, in Washington, July 10, 1882, it is man she may yet attain greater celebrity, ing to our belief in reference to, prayer, the. first chartered Press Association in the than even by her stories and verses'. and answers to prayer, actually as marvel- - world. She was its first secretary and for Maria Louise Pool is another New Engous as circumstances in the history of our several years President. Her literary works land writer who is creating a sensation with Klders, when" away upon missions, means7' are. "Beech Leaves" poems and "Central her books, so truthfully characteristic are has been., put into their . possession k igu res in American Science. ' ' She does they of country and, village life and the' mysteriously as it were in answer to prayer, many biographical sketches of famous wohumdrum common-place- s of the great mass and sometimes even when Only through tin men and" is specially clever in ch i Id rpn ' Of tllP 'Looks. In ii-s- he almost unconscious faitli; After ? was apnaintcd k!e- i . ' -lto the PeaceInternational adds. ffmar.ity gale CorigreSm literature poetically. xan.plephe The shrewdness ! v' , uuu tia-iia.wuwf i vi iij ivjuuiv.i.j ji vmiouau iu A'V j.ix ill theand thriftreticence and silence, that faith," and beyond this I. believe more, that Berne,: Switzerland. .' The same year the covershe warm and kindly heart, the New humanity is now; on the verge of the dis- - !. was elected President of the American lng Jand exclusi veness, the individual and covery, and theyelopment JoT books collliLon-.quotgJ,oharacters oi real everyday folks. She ha. time allotted me from Ihis charminJyook, tiny little creature, is very fond of her home lived until recently in an old farm houst ' pos-sibl- y ! ; ! .. - . : , ( j ; rsclf-abnegatio- u - " ' p -- . ' , l -' e, very-expensiv- hen-pecke- d d " d n , " f forth-vividly- . old-fashione- to-tur- d ; . -- . - Shi'ery 1 -- . snarp-pointe- u. an-ol- d semi-invalid- ; , ' - -- - 1 - 1 - y - Majra-.LiiidVvVc- . M- Shehas-publishec- -" - j . . I : nian-cera!XwoGl- ; . " 7 ?. 7 " -such - i j . . - i:!, - . i r spifiedetailllelptc 4 . - v 