, .i'Wi"777 ? . : . . toWns- -, 7 -. . . . 'S KX FUN ; fetftoTi'tlVe N, A. V. S. A. ;'vith-"a4itf- KNiy 7; prevent the c Constitution of. the the oven for baking'should be ;from ' comm convention: ,. and seventy to three hundred and ,. ;;,; 'he'. session of jheatio?jal American .seventy- - five. degrees: mansuffii:coiivetitm:- here, the last raha,n.t;treadis made in the same ,vay as of r thetv'hjte7-tcepthat two. tablespoonfulls t ' ; ' of Iv susar'ihould be added. 7 V'.l over the country ; . BostouBrowu bread: t wfr cups ol white; : It yill large meeting, a n d nia ny wo- cornmeal, two cups of grahani ilourv tvp world-widmen of fame will be present tea spoon fills' of salt, .and three of soda , mix from eveysectiph:.---A':hax'hothlug'to: together;, add..one cup; of molasses;, three say at present about the" question of female cups of sour milk; (less soda if the milk is suffrage, but-i- t gives us ;pleasur'e to'say Jto; very sour,) teat to a batter and pour it into J. o'dr.com in'g visitors in advance that, they moulds leaving space XoFit to. better could not have selected a place in. the swell; steam four hours. This brdad will Union for their convention.. Atlanta now keep for several days, and when wanted it stand- - in the front .rank of A m erica if eon should be steamed for one hottf," vention cities. Maliy national and international, bodies have met here during the NC)TKS AND NEWS.; past few years, and even larger ones would come here if we had a auditorium or hall Miss Mary E Wikins is busy at hef capable of seating at least lOjOoo persons.; home. in Randolph, Mass.. on a hew tory. accommodaOur hotel and, boarding tions have heretofore enabled lis to make A constitutional extend our largest gatherings comfortable, but, in i view; of the crowds that will attend our ng ftill suffrage .to women has passed lot h we braiiches of the Oiegoii'Ivegislature. ; exposition rit' need another large hotel, while the boardMrs. Frances K toe K has introducecla ing houses now here will to have build ex bill in the Colorado House providing for an tensions. , All. that we have to do. is to provide the industrial school for girls and appropriating : accommodatic hs, and there will be big con$15,000 for its establishment and maintenv .. ventions in session here every month in the ance. year. It is a popular fad now to visit our D rt-- G a rrie LIB hio, of Hoie, "I dalio, historic city, and the, cheap rates given-thas been appointed' division surgeon upon the conventions make it easy for them to the Northern Pacific railroad ; It '. is saul reach a point which is readily accessible to that this is the only- - instajibe" of such disr 7 ;.e;sectiOtt;-iyv" 7':""; tinction to a; lady knowii in the : United But to return to..the ladies who are com- - Stdtes.-- , ''y'r'-.y. . ing here this month. They will be cordially welcomed, arid they will find Atlanta a Th K; Georgia"' V: S A . and the Atlanta fightful winter city, They. ; may: not find V many advocates of female suffrage among EVS A. will tender to"a reception to the and visitors the Xational Con- us,but they will find that our- people will delegates , e ntion, on Feb. 4. gladly. giveUien a y-- . 'V - - - ; : . e . - . . or-bucket- ; --- ---- -- ' t . ' ; ' . " . o :. ; . - hearing.; Monday-evening- BREAD 'MAKING. Miss Frances H. Willard is the third woman to have the right to write doctor of laws after her name... Maria Mitchell, the astronomer; and Amelia B, Edwards, the Egyptologist, were the others: -- the most interesting and instrue- live lectures delivered by Mrs; Ewing, duri ng her recent visit to our city, was uW of . - pi efers the7 com pressed yeast, as it not. only saves much labor but' has been pronounced by prominent chemists -' . superior to brewer's yeast. - - 7- When preparing for. bread , break up the with cold water. Use yeast cake a pint of wetting, half of sweet milk and half of hot water; the temperature of the and-cove- r jnjxlure sh on d i4e-bo- ut 1 seventy-f- i vejlle" a grees; add; teaspoonful of salt; and Into, this mixture of milk; water and salt stir the sifted flour; stir with a Avooden.' spoon e dough is stiff enough to take on th board and work with the palm of the hand. When the dough will work without stick ing to the board or the hands you may know you have enough flour and that is sufficiently worked. Place the dough in a let it. stand in a place greased bowl to not warmer than seventy-favdegrees for there hours; it is then ready to put in the pans. Divide the dough into as many parts as you want loaves and work alternate!)-- ; it "should stand about one hour after it has been placed in tlie xans, but the tempera- ture of the place where the ' pans stand should not be wanner than that where the (lough was first put t ?ise, Each time it is un-tifth- re; e 7 . -- ; t n d V " r Visit I he Folits. -'-:- .. M rsTlvw m g r . - Onk - - -- J loiig'quiilifications. increased; her whole life was one of purity and uprightness she followed the promptings of a great nature and , worked for the love of truth; V she possessed great charity ' ' especially' toward- the ening. and carried a heavenly influence with her. It has been said by those who cared little (or a good name and who were inclined. to bq rebellious, that she was the first one: who. eve-- created a desire in their hearts to lojjty aspirations. . 7 At the organization of pur Relief Society she was chosen secretary, also recording secretary, for several years she filled these positions, but because of failing health she was excused from these du'ties, later on she was chosen as a teacher in the Relief Society, which office she held at the" time of her death and which she faithfully performed whenever her health would permit She was born in Parowan, Iron Go. Jan. 23,1 855 She was the mother, of five sons, although omy. dnerof-her children iSurvtve.lher,'.T-7;7,;- . r Her funeral was largly attended, her body was tenderly carried to thecemetry by loving brothers, foot by her husband V father, her son followed-oand her sister's little son XheTRel?ef Society, Yourig Ladies, and many brethrenJiuo procession reached almost a block the.n followed the vehicles, at thegrave their ranks were ndt broken. After the interment, they marched back to the tenderly-thankefamily residence where the sisters-werand blessed by her mother, w;ho is the President of .the Relief Society of this stake. :: m: y. v. f- V:: ;;K'-V7. . ' 1 - v ame-ndmen- - Idr - ba ;7(v - -- tMmbnihY V; Editor, ' U 'ena h 's l:fett??;tr;; V0N the irth, o'f Dec- - Hia Hnuwflake. tTo. from this ear th there Arizoiva, passed Apache a noble sphit, Sister T6.sepliuitIllulershe w,a? tlie beloved slaughter, 'of President J es&e. NY an d :Kmrha ";Vest Srauh, and wife of John. Rr Hultt. jAlthoii'glii.r'TeaXs.-i- n delicate health y" hlr snjjjing, happy cunteaf?ce caused her friends to suppose that many more" years would be added to herJiieAs a ."dient,' three-hundre- ; ! t :V i lorffiMio :';rltAtkilta: 7 1. ; V. f v-- ; :;7 y For the Holiday season the Union Pacific, will sell tickets from, points 011 the system on December 24th, 25th and 31st, 1394, and January 1st, 1S95, at greatly reduced rates,- - For full information call on nearest. Union Pacific. Agent. . . . 1 -- r OFpfif IoIGekceFrishie Hoar has been sU. S. Senator for six years by the Massachusetts Legislature, and Bon. Wm. P. Frye was the same day re- elected U. S. Senator; by "the Legislature of Maine. Suffragists offer' their congratulations. Ec. re-elect- - Mrs. Ella B. C a Hand DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS - ' Keeps on Irist'n AND STATIONERY, EQUI- -, POISE WAISTS, ETC. : DreM .Tlakfnjr Jn all its branhJIlllIaery.--lHtP- ' HonneU cleated and ' retrlmmer! rt iatelyieiid-b- e -t- yk-IlRttTahd - No 41 Literary Club of Newark, N.'XJ., an interesting papci uu cue ovnpiura aspect 01 me woman question. It- is published in full, in ttie .Newark Advertiser of Feb. 6. Mrs. Carter argues well in behalf of equal'rights! and brings forward a host of illustrations from the: Old and New Testaments.. R kJ WESTTKMPLB STIlKIiT Opp. Grant Bro. Stable - RK. THOMAS . Tim establishment of full woman 26,28,30 and 32 East 1st SouthSt., SAW LAKE CITY. suff- Australia is in some rage the greatest triumph eVer gained respects for the cause. It establishes woman's freedom over nine hundred and sixteen thousand-squarmiles- - of territory a region than all. the United States east .of thelarger Mississippi River. It is a country destined to become densely populated, by the Anglo-- . Saxon race, and to dominate the Southern " v hemisphere, -- : e The Leading Retail t y R,KvTHOMAS 