. ''i1tAN'K.SGlvir,;. ' L. Tiii; year , - - -. tltnys, leaflet Novt-nih- r !,!.tst boh ' : pipes thrill and drear, V,':;!( 'wartner lav the home clasps ..' The h.imls. the hearts, flie fnuli most ..,r,rr.-- r many sfis.men sail tin, fleet'' ': -. Of hopes as fruitless as'tfip fuc-Xf- - y roam the world with rcqlcss feet i;ut find no sweeter spot thaii. home. ' V; '..Uy with quickened hearts they hear 01.1 times, old voices chime and call. ' 1....L t;v- - dreams bf many a vanished year' L iou 'fa-s- ' ' V; . .'r-;r- V ' . - . . the-stron- g '.,.' : ! g- one nm'lllan goi g ( i - j j .yt i;: other ; ir- - ,t!ioQgirnot.cktK?4U s. vm, ! A CKXTURV AGO. ! I 4 well-kep- fur-nitur- e. ; : g okl-tyleTurita- ' pre-ceptib- le - - oXtorics--were-tt4tHjfrar- r i d " ; . 1 V1.1-c- iui, 2 : j ;,t;::,...u.,i .... . ! i.'-u- ovusu s-- j ' ; young people remained in the. Old hy State- - Oh, ho indeed! Thev have been to' the Islands of the sea, have sailed around the world in great ships to far off India," and eaten rawfishxm the South Sea Islands, have told us since of the. beautiful longhaired tatooed tvomeu of New Zealand, and of the darker, stouter. olainer ones of ladagascar."" They do not all believe in one religion, notwithstanding their" Puritanical teaching. Some are still Congrega-tionalist- s howeVer and still kejep Thanks giving after the former day manner; and others haw embraced widely different ' faiths. But there is a chain known to some of those, who sat around the fireside iu that- rambling old house on that Thanksgiving day in the '.'long ago" that will bring that family group and .many another together again in the great future.' father, mother, sous and daughters, with, all their numerous posterityhowever Widely separated, and whether they have died in foreign lauds, onat home, or even been buried in the depths of the ocean. And for this precious boon, the Everlasting Gospel, with its powers ;aud blessings, on this Thanksre is abundant cause for regiving joicing, even though the 'house is lonely and the heart .sadjvitijniiinijxTs of TW- when happiness- and ' sweet and voices now formirth abounded, ever hushed, were wont to make such music as we shall never know again on ' earth,. and yet these same- - sweet faces, we see as 'twere through the mist of falling tears, and the voices echo in the stillness, Tin til wt fanrv. the curtain of the unseen is . ; - ' . , " -- ' - - ' day--the- -- - . vfnirnnT Aunt . Jam. 2SU1, 1SS5. Mrs. Elizaketu. Preston daughter-in-la- Davis, of Hon. John Davis, is at w work on her calculations of the ephemeris of the sum for 1900 while keepingv up a special course of study in Johns Hopkins University. j j j j ; i j , a November - still-rema- in - . - e - the'- girls? Scattered, some with large families, married, widowed, t "a anat others wiui. small wes, and tu lot hers sleeping the sleep Ihlt knows no waking.. Were I to tell you all, it wijuld indeed be .a "romance in real life with plenty of incidents, emlxdlisked wdth the charmsthat we imagine only abound in fiction? lifted, and ! vfm-Jiic- T of; the women, and . e that-cam- d mt e t' well-earne- ' s' Mukk than 'half a century ago.in a small New England villagwhere there was only one 'Church' and that was called a meet-i::j houe, beeatibc to the Church meant the Church of Kngland, fro.n vliich their forefathers were dissenters, Thanksgiving was a state occasion, with all the ceremonials such a day implied The meeting house was decorated with evergreens from the woods near by, pine branches, and hemlock boughs, and long trailing vines, that keep fresh under the thick carpet of fallen leaves, with the scarlet 'rec berries that giv such warmth and tone to the more sombre, everlasting green; not only the public places were thus ornamented, but the dAve Hi wj houses of the somjsL Plenly venture, of wonderful escapes, by sea, and also finds Tut liere-.onautumn and winter flowers; and by land, stories of the ships that went , of late down, and soldiers killed in battlerghost food plenty of good substantial stones and tales of 'haunted houses, rear and are " festivities imaginary intermingled with songs there religious sentiment, ' afterwards, and plenty of feasting, i The as "Black eyed;;'Susah,;,.;"The Soldier's Soldier's Dream," and many. a public service- - in the meeting-housbegun Tear' "The as well. . usually at eleven cV clock a.m. aud it was characteristic love song iLhuu-tT.iIih "lniiTtTnitTr wns observed d Midnight found them all sitting singing l as sanctimoniously as if it was the Sabbath, around the dying embers, the pale light of the lamps only revealed paler faces, for they by the Puritans, but. when meeting was over, 'there vas a change, even in the were well aware that on the morrow they must separate, and naturally the 'thought niinister's family. The service in, the village meeting house comes, "When shall we all meet again' in trembling accents-on the particular day alluded to here, was which was suggested but try very imposing for a small village; the bv the mother of this large family treLlt riTld o1fr cirrTPrc wprp nil Til white. as they would and did, they could not quite with pale green and white' suppress the saddened feeling ribbon And chrysanthemums, one would suppose- to after this comparatively happy day. harmonize with the decorations, the bass would iUkave been even comparatively so, and tenor, wore their"usual 'Sunday suits if either one could have peered into the future? Alas, No!- Of all that met on that with a knot of button a in ribbon green the few who hole. of their vests; a village Yankee, of Thanksgiving day," the .male persuasion, would not have of child- tht Hiht of common, save the remembrance n flnwer in nieetiucr. tie of kindred : . .... . i hood and early life, and ihe , , , ,uu:)- - were oniv tor mris ana women Cn -kat this remote date the writer has not the which is neverxiuiu. uissotveu uucv ast remembrance of the sermon; (singers apart lives are divided e n more Some have fallen .asleep to rely do have) but the anthem which has been never world, and some now far adanced thk nP v u iung ucimuia, ,n n ftr,w, n!rl acre neace. a,Kl .hls.one was "Lift P your, I ii, years-H- .on let the ft,ny:awa t,uS ihe ? .Ye j Everlasting' gates-- And M . Uvo and and h.gh r.clt poor, KinK'Oi! to alike K?ofr,l(,rv in vi,o is tl.e th-- -- me-pictur- e fire-place- them' , r In ' -- ; well-cooke- - to- - their country; nnd died gave their ';,i me oatue nem, in the uivu war. uui-ermore furtunote CperhapV) were wounded sunerea pain, and hardship, but slill live to tell the tory of their manv encount ers and their vors. These. erally knows what is -- : THANKSGIVING HA LP r:avs ravc Maiwart men (one on v a batrv- d free wind of li'fe, However it change or veer For the love of mother and sister and wife, Clear stars that to haven steer: 'For. the quenchless lamps of changeless love 'That burn. in the night of the dead; For the life that is, for the hope above, thanksgiving by all hearts 'said: N'ew York Sun. Tiianks for " j ' ; nut this is of little ,uJ1,ujuejKe tf.wwi.to other things; that' i 1 .Tint once were bright; with tangled old, Thanks for the blessings kept or lost. au UiTtir, dmner; but enough transpired in oue houe-to make this sketch tfticiC.' long, and to give an idea of the oldeii time, when those vho are grandmothers todav ' . were barely in their 'teens. Let an old rambling house, with lov ceilings and great open and high mantel pieces, full to over with children,, breathless with running playing games and with calling to one another from garret to. cellar running about with gmger-breaand maple sugar, eating all day long, and upsetting the whole hon. hllmg it with noise and scattering crumbs ana dirt over the t floors and All the scolding and' fretting of young Mamas' and Aunties' of no avail while sedate and dignified the older rnem-- j bers of the family looked on and took no note of the uproar, except to say now and then--'" let the little ones alone, they are having their fun now." Thanksgiving dinner, at a long table, in a great square living room, with' all the homely characteristics of the time, passed off 'pleasantly; of the many expected, almost all were present; married sons and daughters with their childreu, and the young boys and girls of this Jarge family; all dressed for the' occasion and in the gayest of spirits apparently, and yet there was somehow a tinge of subdued melancholy, only to those of prophetic temperament. The day wore away, the childreu tired out with play, were put in bed and the older members grouped around the huge glowing fire of pine knots, the blaze dickering and glimmering in the great square room, casting dark shadows in the corners, and against the paneling, making one feel that such is an hour adapted specially to telhn fr weird stories, and. singing sentimental i ' 'r by "them at this"Testival" . T:V.:gb hearts that Warmed them once' are coFd: hough heads are hoar with winter frost T- D'v a.'d lratis'i!iJedi-a.M:d1eVcntft:- . t d-a- 3 -- 'i -- " '. hXI'ONEJVT, nf f TPrfnnfiV let! her own regiment of cuirassiers, of which she is Coloocnel, in the grand military review curred at Was astounded as Jf V""OUJ J ftiTnnrSTT'mnprnr she galloped by followed by her regiment,,- and when she was returning the Hmperor met her half way and shook hands Avith her. The performance was greeted, with the wildest enthusiasm .by the spectators. This was of course perfectly womanly and proper, but if the Empress should join, the Tut Pmnrp KrekowJarchJeport - - Frauenbevergung, wmafwouia xne nra- - I r -- Ex. y 