:XXXX",.: Vrv. . . . .1. I.' - pot only thoc rutjn, ?;Who are scatters! amon . the continent, who art here, hut the lull ajxl-val-f- WOMAN'S X ION IvNT. 1 ; V 2:r ie3i riie 1fiTo'me3 "they YOU NO. WOMKN'S IDHAS. ap- - . " Flokkn.ck Hr:BKvfU;:;of Xew jMiSS" Orleans, was introduced and spoke for" the cause. She .bas-strong voice and knows how to use it. She said the women of New, Orleans art' now- studying public opinion and they had won some notable moral victories'., there, among them the banishThere was other ment of the lottery.-work for them to do, she cried, wUh a great deal of f9rce a&.the inbney: ;jower jof the land was tyranizing the people nd driving. riiem. to desperation. r.r 'In the, name of exclaimed,' "and not liberty I speak,'.'-shin" the .name of men and 'women: JThe military spirit is gaining ground, the children of the Sunday school are being trained into military bands and everything is tending' to v the miUtary to tyranize the people, and weare . working for the equal rights that women are entitled to and that they should, receive.. Miss Yates, of Maine, . made a snort speech abounding in cutting remarks against mankind in. general, which called forth long continued applause. During the past century, she said, wo; man's sphere was said to be her home and man's sphere was all out of doors. "Gentlemen," she continued, "haven't 61 y had the lions' share of the business and the lamb's too?1' She spoke of how much a woman was in-- . teresjed in matters outside her own home as her children spent' s of their time in' the schools or in the streets. She asked who was more interested in good roads than those who wheeled the baby car: yr.ihgj6.the subject that, was nearest 'o Her. said that when the suffrage movement arrcefj woman enjoyed no greater than a slave of the old Suffrage .movement, however, had in a reformation of the marriage pnj-lted hQt la ws of chusetts, but the law of nearly ,the'mio,n had been modified. In , two states had unconditionally faj r ot woman suffrage. In closing 0her brief HU1 ech, which created no small de; ' entrfu m Miss A nth on v presented Miss of gree Blake, the president of the New York ' ci Vyjjiif& true, who was piven a heartv inn . rprpni ,Jvvi'Vv,i.t;; a free-assachus'e- Us is one of the .slwoinen of the cou n try , brightest a.nf jyS&peaker and campaign istKitcn was snrnruti-- and worker;' is ''of thought, Mrs. Dora brilliant of Colorado was next on the VPhelriI Bla'-- e - v ' - . ' ' i- ' 1 , . - , notableY-gathering)- . cultured brilliant, f brainy women. as possible the Plan oC Work and the Resolutions as adapted by the Convention, also . .; . - . , could' nt fill a' .place but would rattle Aflnntn around it as well as he could. papers said Mrs.' Merri wether's eloquent was perhaps the best of the evening, speech r . a 1. i i r ..l ai any raie it was a paineuc. appeal ipr me mothers of the land. . Miss Anthony introduced Mrs. Chapman uenver L.010., our lormeriy or layior-o- i Alabama as . the only voter present with Mrs.. Taylor merely acspicy comments. knowledged .the compliment of the introduction, and made a graceful but brief speech. Miss Elizabeth U. Yates, of Maine, was the last speaker of the evening. She Won the hearts of the Southern people by paying a glowing tribute to Henry W. she had fallen in love Grody, and saying ' with the South.. Her speech was "Signs of the Times,"- and in the choice of language and beauty of expressioi it was a charming finish to a delightful day.. It' would be utterly impossible for one to "lelUtallinless inraailv oaoer with an extra edition, but we hope to publish from time to time some of the best speeches made by the ablest speakers. It was a i.-; v. " Merri wether came forward and made finite a hit by telling the story of Dr. Holmes who being called to full a aplace made vacant by aii absentee who was twice his size said he ' -- e - : ; " . .... - n - , y ;- would rise tip m bnr : man and give the ballot to woman. The committee recommendtdlhe'arganiz- ing of clubs and the keeping tf them alive, and urged that the workers be put-'ithe ... field and kept there! It recom mended that a fund of $5,ooj, re ' raised,-- and urge that1 special attention be given to South Garolina, Utah and Tenneee, whe're constitutiona! conventions wefe- - probable, and to Idaho and Michigan where it was likely "that amendments allowing women to vote should be ..submitted to the 'voters. A course' of study, to, be published weekly, like the Sunday-schoo- l lessons, is recommended, the Lsame embracing political science, to be studied by members of clubs. An'y one taking such a course shall le entitled to a diploma from the National Association, up on passing a satisiactory examination. Each county, club is urged to send representatives to every county convention,- and each:, state association is urged to send representatives7 to every state convention to ask for the recognition of women as voters. The report, after some discussion, was .. adopted; A collection wastaken up to raise the necessary $5,000 to carry out the plan. of return my profound I : . ' ' riage? ' .The .. laughed at the idea of women being ' unable to understand the laws. "You never say," she continued, "that a woman who comes over from Europe with a bustle made of diamonds and laces knows, x nothing of the tariff laws. The custom officers never say, 'poor creatures, they don't understand, the business and we ' 11 ju st let them - pass." ' of a woman fool enough to smuggle anything that Was on the free Jist?" . had a in this move weapon Thejvomen ment, a weapon that was going to damage some ot the politicians unless th ey of the way. got out ' 'The Quakers, you know," said .Miss -peaceable people and Yates'areavery do like life. The story is to not take they told .that one of them waked up one ni'glitr and found a burglar under the bed. He reached out and got the pistol from the place where it had been put by his wrife, and pointing it toward the place where the burglar was lying,- - said to him in his mild manner, "Friend, dost thee see this pistol? I am going to shoot this pistol, and if thee stayeth where tnou art thee will get hurt.' We are today saying to the politicians, 'Friends, dost thee see this great "movement?. We are going to shoot and if thee dost not get out of the way thee will get hurt." Mrs. Caroline Chapman' Catt reported ' for Ifre committee on plan of work, as consid ered for theN whole United States. In referring to the work in the south, she said the head officers liad always hesitated about put- ting workers in the "field as the south was regarded as too conservative. Recently numerous speakers had come into the south and from the reports made-bthem it was learned that the south was not conserva tive but ignorant and as soon as the people Then-rdmTeerli- ear ' ::-(r- ; When Mrs. VVells had concluded, President Anthony came forward' and putting her arm around her gave her endorsement to the speaker. As she told of the work being done in Utah she kept her arms around the delegate and the audience was visibly affected at this exhibition of ' ' affection. - Of the many interesting things we have seen and heard and the proceedings of the Convention especially of evening sessions wc tan uniy promise more 111 ine iuture pages of our dear little paper of whichve could distribute thousands of copies in this7 trip if we had. them. In the' meantime the dear friends at home may be assured that at present ad is well with the Utah delegation; only we are anxious, to see those "who expected to attend the National Council of. Women in Washington D. C. . -- semi-annu- - . Salisbury called the meeting to order and in a few words, explained the object of the association, which -- is primarily to promote the interests of sericulture in Utah, as the climate has proved .to be unusually well adapted to the cultivawell-chose- n tion of the mulberry trees and the growth of the silk worms. ' KEPO'rT e .1 III iV.i')W t, Mr$. . : y al W.-Bennet- ' the report from. Utah,- - -- which- pertains" l lie Atlanta specially to nome matters. its S.UufdSv nitrht evening journal m issue bad this to say , which wVom mediatory of the remarks made of the work in ; Utah. , meeting of the Utah Association Silk was held in the Woman's old court room iff the AVa.wtch block, Wed- nesday afternoon, Jati. 22nd Mrs. Margaret B. Salisbury presided and Mrs. C. E, Allen occupied the secretary's chair. w Others on the stand were Mrs. C. Mrs. Zina D. H. Young, Mrs. M. A. Caine, Mrs, Amelia F. Young, Mrs. ,E.7 B. Wells and Mrs. Lucy Clark of Farming-ton- . vShe .. . UTAH WOMAN'S SILK ASSOCIATION, two-third- old-tim- WeXshaH publish as soon f . OFFICERS. 01- - The secretary read the reports of the treasurer and secretary, the formejishowirig the association to be in excellent financial condition while the secretary's report was a brief resume of the wbk accomplished, meetings held and the successful exhibits of Utah silk. Mrs. Allen also spoke in herreport of the bill introduceel in Congress for the establishment of five silk, experiment stations, and stated that a petition had been sent the House of Representatives to secure ' one of these stations for Utah.t Hon. J. L. Rawlins had also teeii .written to and in hisre-pl- y he had freely offered to do all in her v power toward securing one of the. stations. Mrs. Salisbury then introduced Mrs. C. W.' Bennett, who read, an able paper on this history of silk in France. Mrs. Z. D. H. Young was the next speaker and she chose as her topic the most appropriate one of "History of Silk Culture in Utah.'' She went back to the days of 1849, and her remarks were mostly reminiscent, aud for this reason, doubly Mrs: Young had been called the mother of the- silk industry in Utah- and the ' appelation is very appropriate, as she has al : &r 1 - - - : ' - . - 