bidi .ey made, no objection, but wanted . . ... , ., would be banished turn would insure harmless. , soul devoid r r from the famiU" ctrctaudiJjidouwrIvarUly ju should. do orf reaching Englant " of cuu; j nn- moreover . he had and own son kno'w obedient the and Umwav, 'willing' . . .'it t nrrnrd hut t, 'parents ini ntilv tliitu - v:m' tii ' m tier to was hinrwith she for love child has keep tf t them, and they love that pliedV that, couii-..cown. goodudgmeMv.andhe--bes, childdti retunl, even as God recognizes our ".' "'.: love for Him only in the keeping :. of his i About two years alter his retiitoAnienc. ; -. thy F11jzwl abilitv; v3r"T Ti,-.',!,.ir- fd - of-lov- ... ' - i ! . ! v- . ! '' "rj J(ll- . ,m.u.v- - Thus i lu." ...; jj, 4 under the influence of Uiis cemcut-,1 - f'rj'?.': t thekuMftirve from parents-t: - '.. ing power should be TCtftf,' crAtenuing children through all the generations to' come. "Thus, maifiu 'filling the measure of his. creation, by observing the laws thereof as "'appointed unto him by "his Heavenly Father, lays a. foundation liere for a kingdom that .1. cliill ovarii ctttmr n n rl i c cm rli a part of God's kingdom. All men who obtain eternal life and celestial glory, are to be Kings and Priests unto God, ruling over their own kingdom with all priestly sanctified . endowments bv which it may be and made meet for the Master's' use. rob any such of Death has no the products of a righteous life, or interfere, but for a moment as it Tvere, with eternal increase and development. If it, had, then death might have a "sting, and the grave might claim victory. To the lighteous man who builds his family kingdom in accord with the law of God, death is only a moment s rest to him. lie awakes m the morning of the resurrection to that endless day of perfect life which he has secured by keeping the law of God, which law is perfect, redeeming. the soul of man from death "and all its consequences it had. never been. Thus man is redeemed and restored to the inheritance of all that is of his Father's kingdom, as though he had never separated from it; all of glory, of kingdom, dominion, principalities and powers that "are eternal iu the heavens. Man is to be like , God, and those to wiionr he - is, and may" become father, be to him glory of and increase for ever more. - ln'i-vi- m T o ! : as-thoug- , S. W. Richards. IX RXJRA h KXGLAND. ng jlicial -- - A)rbding?hir- - seLsail as when. yourcousm Clair said Sidney Barring my dear aunt,when leaving RosewoodF "you know h".y implicitly I trust in an oyerrruliu I'rt,. is our.vp:: deuce, and the faith port whatever. trials await , lis.' ''I' hVve great confidence in your faith and trust sus'i tainiiig yoivat all times, yet I am 'awae you will have difficulties to encounler of various kinds, your authority to act in 1half of Cfair'sl'son in any way will" hL-I; antl tlie firm had been dissolved, ind he was obliged to set sail im aiediatelya fear- -. ful foreboding possesed Jane Ilariibon, do- what she would he could not rut lierseii oi and when she .received the news 'of his arrival aT lIlliiard Ca'stlevshe could, scarcely credit it. Finally he wrote that having wound up liis business for the present satisfactorily he was "going to return A'Cry'soou, but. prcjvious to coining home jie would Italy in ference, to sonie irnportant. Ire wished to see. iuat crs? and his dear Oountry once more. Jai.e felt tha , .i : : J . ... i , r ,i inaveinissue snouiu lavonic icidincaim friend with her again very soon, her fears were dispelled; the Major too had always been very fond of him, and they rejoiced in. anticipation of his coming to remain permanently. Little Edward looked forward with eager expectation and counted over, and over the gifts he should have to distribute to his cousins and playmates wheu his father would be at home again. ' One evening, some weeks after, the Ma1 . o . i.nwskxdtm ; pow-er't- .UujAiuld"ulitaui.-froHi4uen,-.or..stanvli- u-i- - - : " t- - we-hav- 1 -i ! e . -,. as Arma'c, dl5i; ih(; tstale tlirou.r.1 had j.ome hhare lhe mothcri and' we cannot" tell what. Mait- land maiV, nor what he has alreadv'doii;even," MrsTfarrison replied. "You will proceed with great caution I am Lure, and do nothing except under advisement,, tin e (.English barristers are very shrewd and not like our young lawyerb in. America;' wish it were possible for me to go with you, but, as you know affairs here r demaniTmy personal supervision," said his uncle to .Having said goui-bto the children and his- aunt, his uncle. from in come the, letters, city, bringing jor and accompanied him to the and all gathered, round to hear the news of lingered until he saw him on board, giving life absent one so dearly' loved.' The letter, hiinmany injunctions at parting. He had was from Maitland (young Lord Walton) and bore tlie Italian post mark. Jane knew7 to be trusted anywhere with the most ini- the hand writing well and feared the wrst; portant matters, and ivhen reaching, home for she knew Clair would write his own he remarked to his wife, "we can iest conletters while he had the strength. Maitland tent' Jane- leaving all these affairs, of was sorely stricken and his words were few, piupci iy ami - MriucuicuiM it) aiuucy u iw died Hiiliard at o, cousin Clair Valdag-nwill do right , whatever others may do, he "your a without of suddenly, will not be swerved by anv man's opinion I know I can reach until word;, England, from that which he deemsjustand equitable, son his until of his affairs, keep nothing but English law and justice are slow, and Wal"Maitland are instructed, you "signed we shall have to-- wait the Court's decision, wife is unless there should be a will found, which I ton'' and adding as a postscript "my to all details, think-quit- e here with me we shall attend probable considering Clair's his father." Clair will be buried beside v. presentiments concerning himself," Mrs. Ha rri son was so overcome with i ta h i ly r iof a i i u r a ijpt-te found she this it and at horror but especially for little lidward; when I re- news, grief impossible to speak for some hours, her call my uncle's pride: of fain i ly and of an husband and Sidney though thoroughly cestry, and think what has come to the broken up with the sad affair, did all in Hilliard race, I feel a terrible blow has faltheir power to soothe and alleviate her men- - len upon his descendants; Anna ' gone tdl distress, giving her such comfort as was Clair, by- - the by, Elvira who used to serve at the castle (was there- when". I possible;- the children were not iuformed was-indeed and that night came in fact) was here the other day and I only Conway told lor a day or two after.- Mrs. Harrison told her of Clair's death; she reminded me. enlightened Edward by degrees, making of the superstition, ''...which-- was current him understand how careful he must be to among the servants of mysterious appear do whatever his father had wished and asances, and warnings; you remember how it suring him , that Sidney as Well as Uncle affected cousin' Anna." ' Robert would take care of his future. In "Xo, Jane, I never heard it before, and Jact Mr. Barringtr.n was already teaching don't believe in these noises and warnings him and intended preparing him for school at all,but-- I must say there "has been some or a private tutor. The boy did not real-iz- e very peculiar phases of family life in the his loss,. and as children do, soon regainlast few years, since your advent iii the old ed Ins wonted cheerfulness. Mrs. Harrison castle for instance. Elvira whom you speak true to her nature, endured this trying or- of, did she marry Harry Walton about the deal with the greatest heroism, after the time Anna died? He was a good soldier, ifirst severe nervous shock, "She roused I fought bravely, am glad she did so well. " herself to the occasion and awaited further "Elvira was very "faithful, never joined Some days, Mrs.-- Burke in her rebellion news, of the' circumstances against elapsed and no letters came and as she felt authority, it was sort of hard for the .er-- . theremlght be some time before a mail vants tojrecognize rnjsupervisionUwould 1 arrive;, and as the ship that had had Ijeeh used only to Burke, and were not brought, the letters" was to sail soon for willing to submit to ' jurisdiction; I, England,-shconsulted her husband upon wonder if Mrs. Burke my is' .still there; we the advisability of Sidney's going over and shall know from all details undembt- Sidney into looking personally matters; The edly, he will feel it a tor itemize every- duty to consented the Major arrangement and -- i . . t. n ; . - . ! j " far-seein- g, j the-nephew- e - : sea-sid- e ' heart-failur- e, . k-- s," . - Although Clair Hilliard's "health was delicate, he was a very interesting acquisition to the family at Rosewood for so Sidney Barrington had named the residence of the. Harrison's and it passed current; Sidney met again . yit iiivc after a t. kj uivjiiiciD - . . . iiau The long separation. children' were a never-failinsource of pleasure and delight and the family were united in anticipating the future of the children. Anna's children were always mentioned iu connection with those at home and in all the numerous plans Edward and Anna Walton were included. Conway was atwd)3 spuKca ux ub ii piobpeeuve jLocior, and all his studies had been sort of preparatory. "Clair's health improved in the genial atmosphere and he undertook- ol his owii accord to teach the children music, and, the winters he passed with his cousin and family were very happy' ones for them all. Indeed Jane who had been much depressed when Clair first came, grewvquitehopeful of his ultimate recovery. He had ""told her at first that' he should never return to England, and that lie wished his boy trained to become useful in life, and not to grow up with the impressioifthat wealth and posi- - g . iikj ; '' . -u- Air VI. ; and-no- ) - - , - -- -- " -- e . ; , . . 