SC.. , WO M A NS X PC N K N f 231 , 7- ' And sealed with ,4her attainments, 6frtii a mbi t ious ends, .t te k ing soli loquises'thus: -- 4 : 1 ' have Ijy.Ul Way If fall'n 'into the : searthe yetfiv Ieaf; And that which should accomnanv bid ave As honor , love, obedience, troops of friends, iong.-cnpugiii7tj- i Lqy on Macduff, Gl;A D Y 8 WOO DM A N S -- E-1- S silently left me to my' thoughts, In- the language of the poer I "bring my article to a' - '. close. .' "Wha'er thinks a fa u It Inns MUSINGS. . .... in thee?" arid then . of-.lif- v their stead . ..-- hi cvxiy wui icaiu uic wilier tuu Since none qan compass more than they intend." r How (); 3TKRK .unreleutless ' Can we. detect in this an undertone of re- - often,, oh how often I had looked into thy ':' Ida Haag.- .1 face for fond one :a a How smile. gret, reassuring sigh S6r :misspeiit life perverted ' often had I abilities?. We might t begged entreated. f6r one pass- R.-it;: REPORT. but me Yet to all about him such weakness is un ing look, youpassecl sternly by. revealed:' shelled in by a sieru and unre- - ... In the bitterness of my heart I upbraidedST A K VALLEY STAKH. still thee calm mdifference scornwith you denting bearing. Word lias just been brought, that the fully gazed upon me; disdain was mingled j' RKi'DRX-of-thRelief Society Conference V look. forces with, '';' your every castle. He ,.';:r English of the Star Valley Stake, held at Afton, areji earing the I saw fair fame standing on heights far cannot doubt the 'purport of their visit; and - zua i;ec. joiniiiree, good inn, far above has every reason to believe that the outme; thousands with perseverance,. meetiugs were .heldthe afternoon of. "the nth raged Scotts will need- no urging to join and; energy, for their guicje steadily climbing beih if occupied by the Primary. The sisters them against him. Yet his fears take towards her; upon them.beamed her 'warm? were supported by the presence of Presi ' refuge, behind the promise of the weird .est smile, I reached outjuvy lland in entreaty- - denXt)&moiid and his Counselor and Brother.,-Burtoand supplication but Alas! She heeded me sisters. .also by Brother Cazier Stake " ' .V "; .'. '.not. : Patriarch. Bish'op Waite of the Afton "Macbeth shall never Vanquished be, until With jealous eye I fancied 1 saw an indifOr eat Kirnani Wood to high Dunsinane Hilt. Ward; Brother W, S. Muir, Jr. of Bountiferent 'locik, upon Hope's sweet, smilling Shall come against him" ful, and several others of the leading brethface. ' He determines ren of the ward. to prove tiie ifrm foundaDays, months, and years passed by and Home Industry, in the way of carding, still soul in writhed my tion of his faith in this promise, he calls his deepest agony. spinning, knitting and weaving was en"A came o'er the. change amis retainers to spirit' of my couraged by the brethren in their" remarks, to scour the country round, ' ; dreams." and with the ideas advanced in relation to and.demauding his armour, sajs.V the" surging crowd came one with Among Irll. fight till from my bones be the planting and caring for trees and small-fruit- s nobie a n. beautiful woman . hacked, presence, plainly calamities, now come thick and adapted;' to our climate are receiving dressed her j fast. Lady Macbeth is dead; audio! Great only je wels, modesty and intelmore or , less attention all "Over the stake. ligence. The spirit of purity and truth As a result of these "teachings which haye Birnnian Wood moves towards Dunsinane, The thwarted spirit is almost undone, the were, her safe guards. A : moment she obtained to some extent for. two or three ilbgained power is well nigh .broken . Yet gazed into my despairing face,- approached years, several lootWare in operation, and there is one .more straw, to which the me and said pointing to the crowd, who the ; hum of the spinning- - v were tree the of some climbing knowledge, be heard in a "number of ounl. drowning Macbeth wheel clings. v ' with blusEecrtaces and achinc: hearts and homes. may The strawberry a plant that thrives "No man that's born of woman ,shall e'er have" others in cohwhose I will "and " eye, flashing and yields well is being cultivated, and wc power on thee. written in burning letters of cmer,",seemed hope that ere long we may have plenty of Again, the scene is changed, Macbeth is fire. this delicious fruit, both in its season and to captured, but still clings to the straw. In silvery tones she asked, ' "Wouldst Young Si ward has. been slain in the hand thou be one of those braye sons and put down for winter use. Favorable reports were heard from the to hand .'conflict with him; and now so valiantly climbing the tree of branches daughters of the Society in four of the Macduff confronts him. Their eyes meet, life?" To words of grief and my burning the other" three . wards not being while before Macbeth, appears that cruel sad words she replied, .wards; protestation iniowj the weathejbenig unfavorable AM : picture, the murdered wife think for that represented; for those well may he tremble and "hisconrageTor living a CaHi stance. fame"caiF fair gainedr-tltcmtej)caiibe President Kittie K. "Dixon encouraged the - ever sake him at suchji blooVyJ,ight.-i-- rbe reached without first conquering sisters to continue their labors, and strive "Get ye back, be cries, 'My soul is too mucti self?" Hast thou been diligent? Hast to meet all the thy - Charged with bUn'cfVT thine requirements rrjade of them : already! ' thou struggled to overcome a few' of the whether spiritual or temporal. Hear you that deep wail of remorse? many obstacles to be found in life's pathSeveral of the sisters bore their testimonies That cry"-of regret from the depths of a lost way? Be brave and struggle on. Soon and a general good feeling prevailed during .' soul? she too passed along and soon I saw Jier the conference. '' r " 'It is not fear that robs him of his wonted one of the foremost of the busy Workers.: ....The General - and" Stake"" Officers of the The words of Solomon rang..in my-ea- r valor, that disarms him. in tiie presence of Relief were unanimously susthis man. ' Tis his longjmiragedjcauscience- tothe ant" thou sluggard: consider her tained. Society Sister Parsons second counselor to "wtrich reasserts a- momentary. pmver. , and' be wise." ways Sister Dixon having moved out of the ' Macduff's soul burns lor vengeance J he ; I bent my head in shame as I bitterly stake Sister Johanna Cook was sustained to longs to test his trusty sword upon this foul reflected on the tiinepent in idle regrets, 'fill the vacancy. Conference adjourned "for despoiler of his happiness.-auonly scouts as I raised my eyes a messenger again a six months the second Mondayin June. this tardy, penitence, even if he understands messeiigrjoXipeacetjstood before me IvUCY E. Call, Sec. his clothes were soiled with travel; stern- ijt, aiidLturns 4o tautit4tint7ith hisro ward-icrv; hess mingled with love and truth "i were ' ' WAYNK STAKE. ; Stung by this taunt, Macbeth assumes his vStamped upon his kindly face, he seemed to Relief Society Conference" convened in innermost" soul arid pointing to a takes refuge behind the read-m- y leading roll imagined charm upon his life." But being beacon light which he held in his right the Loa, R. S. Hall, Nov. 24th. 1S9 1. After hand said, "see I have brought you light opening exercises minutes of previous Conspeedily disenchanted by his eager antagonist ' : he finds all too late, and comfort if you will but obey the call ference were read and approved. made upon. you by your Father in Heaven; - President Jane S.oJm..4i3Lid-she4va''That juggling fiends are not to be believed, Ttiat palter with us in a double sense believe in him . I f thou y ilt butrobey4he pleased to see' sO iiiany present, prayed the That keep, the word of prjjniieto ou ear still small voice" within thee, every aspiraSpirit. of God would dictate the speakers. And break it to our hope" tion of a noble and elevating character will Spoke of the instru'etions given at the Gen-- ! He has no heart to fight with the much be in thy reach. Does not everything poi ntv eral Relief Society Conference and of the . injured Macduff; but he will not become a out God a being of intelligence?" As the duties of mothers, said they- - should teach willing subject for the jeers of the rabble. he truth of this glad message entered niy their children to fast and observe the duties v has ruled: heart I looked around me in dazed wonder- - required of them. The Word. of Wisdom,' That brief moment "of remorSs..past-nent, all seemed so changed, Hope seemed storing of grain, mulberry growing and audhe has lost the last vestige Of the faith smiling, 'all "nature smiled. I looked again many other good subjects were up- spoken to which he clung, yet his. challenged spirit ' at?1 the messenger and he as though ': is again aroused President Margaret J. Taylor reported the ing my thoughts, in low gentle tones"asked tWvrAf.:,, -- "Is not the change And damned be' h1m.whp first cries, ' Hofd! ' Enough!". . . jar-- fortune!- f&rJ:- - . I - j " j almqst-sd-interpre- S. T ; -- - . : . i ! - :. ... : . e . ; ; , - " 1 -- n, : ' - . : t- , ' ,. . , -- j . 'my-fles- h , : - old-fashion- -- ed . ' ' . . .. . : -- and-babe- s. one-mome- nt" at . ' t V ;. X ' e - - , - . d e. . . ; gaijt -- V . 7 . ; i " " T j ' : . V 