vmly.I v thought I":ilrq, jV inivit ht!; .Jlvy j4.-kiun- jiu nied.' WvieV-- "Hi-- . ..::;: h i- J.'ba'vc ,,f j "j;. ( t .va k 1 'TO K,. AND IN vi.: . , ,, , jVisited lhe - ..11 denm- - . 11 ieiong to the same - I : enure, a inn 'v Ui er. he 'IVtnnlp Int seems to be kept sacred; only a Ilednkite Church on it. It has not been tilled since ....,.;,4i.,, ari- . - j . ; the corner stone was laid. .Visited Adam-- f the rock shows where fire has !, been on it and there it stands ' through all the ages. Spoke of Haun's Mill, and the seventeen, lives that were 'sacrificed thercv Then i?e- went on to Nattvoo, I was astonished to .see a high church steeple there,- I thought of many' things as I walked its streets; viewed the spot .where the prophet stood and baptized for the dead in me river, mere is a grave stone on Sister Emma's gfave, and Joset)h's children. but no others. Visited Ouincy, Keokuk and other places where the Saints ' had many resided. Also went to Elgin to visit David "Smith. I met Alexander and David when they were here, when David was a boy, he is fine looking, and gentlemanly iir his manners. He is much better but is not recovered. He said he passed .his time in v reading, and playing on the organ, he also cultivated some flowers. He showed us the flowers himself and showed us a bridge which he had assisted in building, he gave me a little rock out bridge. He was so thankful for our call and visit. He sent his kind regards to all his friends and rela ! j ' -- . Elijah's power to hind' and seal,' By Heaven's decree gone forth .The father's hearts are turning to Their children now on earth. And praying them with tearful eyes, To strike their fetters off, And listening eager for the words; "Yea, "For and in behalf." They're waitings anxious, waiting For kindred here on earth, To give them in a Temple's font J , A new baptismal birthrv And shall we-- keep them waiting, Thru1 long and dreary years? Not hear-thei- r earnest pleading; Their piteous prayers and tears? They know that Christ Jehovah Hath crushed the serpent's head, And wrought out full redemption, For living and the dead; . And shall we keep them waiting , Like helpless, wretched waif, And supplicating for the words "For you, and in behalf?" -- -- ' ; " ' of-th- Sister B. ' Sanctioned by God above; They'll fold usln a long embrace, Shed gushing tears of love. What rapture then w ill fill the soul No mortal tongue can tell The w elcome plaudit from our Lord, Well done, well done! tis well?'V incr Ward Assembly Rooms, Oct. 19th, 1S95. Counselor E. Stevenson presiding. Opened by singing, "Welcome best of all good meetings'. ' Prayer by Counselor E. Tebb. iei us ouuiuiea py: Ringing, Counselor in the day of Salvation." Stevenson read a note from President Home "and xould"Tior stating-t-h meet with us to day. Counselor E, Stevenson said she was sorry that we had not our Sister L. D. Secretary present today. Alder was called upon to act in this capacity. Counselor Stevenson said," "I hope we continue to meet even though we are few in number. But we have more than two or three here and I know we meet here in 1 . old . , - vX iJ , " iv 4 -- V .1 .mim.: .. . S... v A SiV.fr in the congregation said she lelt London many years and she came here for the Gospel's sake and knew it was a, ' v.-., true, J Sisters' sang, "Praise to the man," vS:c. Sister J. C. Howe,, said she did not feel like speaking, but enjoyed listening to Sisters Stevenson and Hyde. ; Pore testimony' that this was the work of God, made other encouraging remarks, urging the sisters to continue in "diligence. Sister , Silver, bore her testimony, and spoke of some of her early days in London, exhorted the sisters to live their religion, Clos-nremarks by Sister Stevenson. Meeting adjourned for two weeks. ' Sang, "We thank thee O, God for a Prophet." Benediction, Sister L. D. Alder. L. D. Aij)iiK, Sec. pro tern. g i S. REPORTS. SAN LUIS STAKE, Editor Woviaiis Expo?ient: Minutes of the Semi-annua- Conference l of the Relief Society of the San Luis' Stake, held; September 1:5, 1S95. Present on the ..stand were President Mortenson and Counselors,- Magdalene Funk and Jane Crowther, and many of the leading brethren and sisters of the stake. Meeting opened with singing and prayer. Cornelia Mortensen made a few opening remarks, was pleased to meet with the saints on such a'beautiful morning, prayed for the spirit of God to direct us. Verbal reports were then called for, which were responded to cheerfully. The spirit of the speakers in general was good, and the storing of grain was made the im.The general and local . portant subiect. , ... .. m tt n ' o m ce rs werepxeenteu--u.-i u uuti y Ziua from a letter which after sustained; ' I). H. Young was read. .. Before closing, Bishop S. C. Berthelsen made a motion, that the brethren sustain the sisters with - . V. Smith was pleased to hear -- 1 .1 . . our dutv." Counselor Annie T. Hyde, said she was RECENT calculations show that if all the three been be to gone having here, pleased both licensed and which she saloons in Chicago, months. Spoke of the ship-.o- n were placed side by side on one the and ministers the Said sea. crossed the streeti allowing to each about the room octo want do not who of class better people cupied by the average store, there would be instrucfor are but , their going money some fifteen miles long. spend motion was a continuous line The cabin. second in tion, go Dr. Sarah Hackett Stevenson was not as much as. on the railroad. So none need Then in the steerage the editor of the woman V edition of the fear being of Nov. 1 st, perone can go for sixteen dollars, so none need Chicago Evening Journal of London, haps the most elaborate and successful go without their records. Spoke of newspaper work by women over 5,600,000 in numbers. They told us complication - .. . if we walked nine miles a day it would ever issued. XJLliudrexlthQUsandmeua.nd4wenty--fiv- e take ten years, to go oyer Loudon. Met thousand women in round numbers All they had heard was that Bngham voted for woman suffrage in Massachusetts had five hundred wives The on the 5th day of November. This fact Young - , .a inrt really seemed more will give astanding and an - impetus to beof foreigners. Spoke in this State which it never had ;;rpd than theElders, meetholding fore. We shall go before the next Legislatwo of our young of their felt proud ture with an added claim to favorable coning 'in- Regent Park, to get sideration. Ex, Scotland; to try : preaching. Visited desrecords; her mother's genealogical un-licene- MINTING. a-c- i t - Minutes of meeting held in Fotirteenth at-she- -had .. , stmie-nnturnedr4- n-do- Millennial Star. ome i Society meeting when he told us he would not be with us long. I wish the cloud would pass off the mind of David. Sister Stevenson has given me some of the flowers David gave her; and has promised to send me a piece of the stone where my husband knelt, when he Was ordained one of the was unanimously carried. Conference closed, by singing' and bene Twelve Apostles. I pray the Lord to help us to come to these meetings, also to do. diction. better . audieuieno La uk a.J. M7PEERSKN,Secrpr6 But jvhen we've done their work complete " IVr... - , ' " 1 "WitTpotriflo Blanks, we might have filled, In Temple record books. Y ' - Sister Stevenson's account of her trip. "It has made me think of other days, and many happy times I passed at the Prophet's house. I had my endowments with my husband, when the prophet' was. living. Joseph said maii3r things which I remember yet. He told us our Temple suits should be our burial suits. I also was at the Relief Their' work we've left undone Pangs of remorse will sting our hearts The torment be our own. Ye cannot look them in the face. For their reproachful looks. SEMI-MONTHL- is . stives in Zion. , We and faithful rilso said other good things. . Oh, awful thouht! when we go hence LADIES' ' - ' ' I -- . . . I . . .1U4 T.44-,- -' : .... v.c . Hss;o:iar ies who;are proclaiming tbe uA: tail the Lord may sustain them;" the ' ..rr.: IF-fcfc- IITIf.nr ...... or o";Jt:"Kiontfi; ".''.Pray for the ; c . vribed tee - J:ar ..11L' 'f e (TilKjnilliuiis now behind the vail," In bondage, tears and .grief, ... Are waiting for these blessed words, .Of. comfort and relief: The words are truth and surety, They mean no broken staff-- -' They're words of joyous liberty!. Y ea, "For, and in behalf." 1,1 h( TL--. is sih';jtt'(i hlii. called :'Jll'i .,Jm"-J.'pii!.- biJIALl V X ....... ii.ghouse hj St, Job: l's, in ' you et-wit- l-c .Tonr-TYrXft- - ; .'Hii, ' i - d a way, ; leavin- gJiiviihpirr to and Jiu undei t lie UnK iJe ''ailed j,,';. hiiu'kitk fie hi! d'Hirway, and ":"7hir-,"i"'tell you a story, my. hoy, it inay y..j j ' . ic-joi- ee d, - sea-sic- k. riehykn f,. the-cau- se - - - ' . 