; ? teeth, bone tn r.l ,, i "c'VkKw-- i J.lr-l- :i n i mustl'c 1 , ivii'au-W-- oi l,c l'fe A i" "nlunMv ' the"wheat show sthat the hull lies the dark portion of the kernel, which is nam, hrm ana very difficult to grind of roll into line flour and more or less oi jl ib iuuc Miu' io reinam m contact with the bean, and in bolting the rest of it is h-- ' "r from the1 fine flour. mostly-separate- dark" portion. thus disposed of contains in e - time-withou- t It has been demonstrated by experiment, that animals fed. exclusively upon the finest It-i- "". - s well-beate- n -- 1 1 c ui . . there ,s als., i '11 as oe avoided the steam Is liable, to. condeiise and ruu down into the kettle and tints, discolor the contents. Much of our fruit can be bottled fresh and also dried for winter use, sugar should be used sparingly, perserves and jellies should hot be eaten as their nutritive : properties are gone. Condiments such as pepper, mustard, vinegar, etc., are very injurious, as they act directly upon the nervous" system not as nourishment but as stimulants and irritants, causing for the time being, undue activity and exhilaration to be followed by corres- Ari ponumg uepression.' luey also cause an unnatural condition pf the functions of the stomach and the reaction is'partial paralysis. Thus the thin membranes and tissues of the digestive organs are." worn out prematurely and disease follows. A taste for these articles is artificial and can be overcome by a strong will pbwer on the part of the indulges Vegetables are: also wholesome but should be cooketi properly. They should be perfectly tender but not overdone; they should be put into boiling water, if they are .to be boiled and not allowed to boil too hard or stop boiling before, well done. They like fruit should be well covered. Steaming or baking is preferable for most egetables, because their fine flavors-armore, easily retained and their food value suffers less diminution: particularly is of this true our potato. Potatoes if baked, should be pressed open immediately and allow the steam to escape. This will prevent their becoming soggy, fhet oven must not be too slow as this causes the skin to, become hardened and much of the nutrition wasted, Vegetables and fruit should not bejpartjiken of at the... same mea lbytme- with a delicate stomach. Soups made of vegetables are very nutritious and palatable especially so of tomatoes. Cream is an excellent flavoring for soups, as well as for our grains and fruits. Cream and good rich milk are wholesome and very nutritious and much easier of digestion than when made into butter. Fried things areverv 1 T . - 1 ' " ; . ' e . airrwholesoinirandwiiW by the . ... . poisonous com .1.1 u)cjs,biiumu r I j 1 '...-'- ,' woman sia'FKAiiF. xssociai ion';" tTuZh acU,.B-upo- . s . T.'.J i :; V "rceLunHned; - r.'ftaVfefr... g a - cookf-- A " . ii H jjouuu.- excess, the very substances required, to nourish the. teeth, bones, muscles and brain. Namely, the gluten and phosphates, the central or white portion of the gain contains an excess of starch, which Is easily pulverized, and by bolting gives the super-fluwhite flour. A large- proportion "of .this white flour: is starch, while it is useful in supplying wheat and fat .making material when taken in its natural condition as it exists in. the grain it will not supply animal life forany great length, of time, consequently white Hour will' keep, in barrels for a long' being disturbed by insects, where as the unbolted meal will not keep for any 'great length of time with- - .. V:llollltl MiVur w'l The 'superfine flour died in a .few weeks while those fed upon unbolted flour thrived; Imperfect development of the bones, muscles, teeth, brain and nerves is the inevitable re- stilt Which follow, if children are fed largely on white flour, cooked in any form, and ueiormiiy, uyspepsia .ana aeoiiuy in alter life. It is difficult to imagine the immense harm to the present and rising generation, which is being ('one by the use of white The Israelites made unleavened bread jlour. i r oi grains pounaeu on smootn stones, mixed with pure water and thoroughly kneaded and baked. Many of the inhabitants of the earth today eat Unleavened bread. The .jcotdnd-Irish-mnk- ei and tint's thr 5.vefle from rv "mid thr ATpyi'. cans trom com. also used among the Americans to a limited extent. It is made of whole wheat flour and water, and baked in hot iron gem pans; it is very palatable and wholesome. We should in Iroduce bread made from whole wheat flour into our homes. .1 Lin u st, not be a nvethto terment too much as the gases 'escape, and render theloat, sodden, and there will also he a great loss in nutritive value, as well, as natural sweetness. It should a'so be baked with great care, more time should Je allowed tlian with white bread. Mushes are also very wholesome, they must be cooked well,- a double boiler is a necessity 4n their preparation, from two to five hours should be allowed them. Fruit should compose a large part of our diet. Grapes, apples, peaches and a great many of our excellent fruits are morenutri-tiou- s in their natural condition , they should be thornncrhlv mptnrprl hut "not over rine as r Tn"J COOKlil - ' ! run should be uiidctKoiKMiqcay.- rT5- - f rollj. ' " riiu-vel'VtlH'- .. Tti,,,;,1 , Governor West: Ladies and I cntUmcn: I am sure it is a matter of congratulation to yoif to hear the remarks that Were made by Miss Anthony on the pio; gress of the cause which you have so near at heart. I sincerely believe in the near future the Woman Suffrage . Union - will prevail all over the 'United States. in the past has had a hard and serious time and it has been .up hill work all the time and obstructions have been in the way, they were difficult to. overcome, but I believe now all those difficulties have been overcome and its road will be smooth and And it is smooth and easy because easy. . r 11 .1.. oi tue nooie,. earnest, sincere, devoted and women like' Mis Anthony and her Now I have the pleasure of presenting to you one cf the most earnest and illustrious Anthony iu urging this noble work,-ThRev. Dr. Anna Shaw. (Applause). REMARKS HV RiV. ANNA SHAW. . - The-moveme- self-sacrifici- ng co-worke- - co-worke- rs with-Mis- s e rt nut ml i . n uiii) ieei .very humble after Miss Anthony has been speaking, for it must seem so grand to say forty-eigh- t years ago we did so and so. (Laughter.) It makes one feel so grand,-smagnificent. Now I cannot say that I did very much forty-eigyears ago, nor fifty years forty-seve- n but ..ago, years ago I began to work for suffrage as soon as I began to urtu o ht breathe, and With the beginning of my breathing began my energy and my toil in this direction, I have always rebelled ever since, I could clinch mv little fist as a baby and when I toddled about as a child, at the restnetions that pffrnnllv ntit u-pr- about-girls-ancrrvom- p And en. from the time I can first remember ,1 was called a Tom-boand if it was so delightful to be a Tom-bowhat must it betobe aboy. (Laughter.) And from the very beeinninir it was always thought there was something the matter with my head, and you cannot make my father believe that there is not somerning memaiterw4Hi iatnrTelieved that girls ought to be born with a burning desire to wash dishes; if not, there was something the matter with their heads. As I never had the burning desire to wah dishes but always longed to chop wood, my father never knew where to put me, he knew his head Was all right "and he didn't learn toWsh dishes he knew mother's head was all right but they have never been able to get me right. I was always on the wrong side of the fence, I was always found just w7here the women were not expected to be, and when I became a a young woman I determined to preach the Gospel. My father said ,one day, "we all would kneyJatyou have done it.lLandso I did it. (Laughyou y -; rt-rnjR- r'NTv We should eat pure food that our digestive organs may be in a healthy condition. They will then trive us physical health and our mental' depends upon our physical. .We should be very regular in our uaoiis ebpeciany so in ecting. Our stomach sliould be allowed to rest between meals and should not be disturbed by ever so little, as digestion is thus hindered. Food should be well masticated, our teeth will perform this very important .office if time be given them.- Stimulants such as tea, coffee, chocolate, tobacco and. strong drink are not good for man as we learn from the revelatiorumthe it also says in the same -' ;. .: k. ;there'ifal5lel:o ferineliTaiidecompose in Word of Wisdom, yter.) for use the is flesh of only the digestive tract. It should be rejected it revelation that After you have struggled with poverty S. W. J. excessive in .man hunger. and social ostracism and discouragement, slightly decayed as the juices of fruit circulate through its tissues in much the same and disappointment in the "hearts of ypur of the Utah aniW. Convention friends and especially your own people, it maimer as the blood circulates through The Annual mal tissues, though not so rapidly and freel . S. A will be iield in this city, on Monday, is very hard to have them come and The circulation, is sufficient however, to Oct. 7, at io a. m. and 2.p'. m. in the 14th, say when you have succeeded. "If weup had not B. K. deIlalL of to all the parts, the. products Ward Assembly Wells, helped you it would have been a hard time convey 'Tor you." (Laughter). has Secretary. composition when only a, small portion President, NelliK Little, It. always makes most healthful stomachs. - ; . . rjgTnd . ' - : -- . " 