WUMAN S XteNhNT. b DiElviu' rafniintft(w,. Davii, Co,, :ls "c w '.vein iss. At- i . A wv. ,ui v k m ..iLvr.i.niti. M'u.x iPi;u; . . vumciu'Ani ai ;,t WnM ANSI ' .. ' .. Tki-idkn- H. t .Mint: x i.'n m iiic i.j't'v'' - . f i uu- - K- - . r . ' ' - tMimtijJttrtl, . poHcr" which hJif ;yt:cv J.J i Wni OTrn 111 Mails. iiay 310 iojf, and was the mother of nine children six of uhnm1 tnr. vived her, hhe came to the valley m 1848. Her on Nathan was killed by the Indians while on a Sw -- rf nn. irngg QlDitis 3 tn-e- n Singing "My country now of; thee," Prayer. Mr. Ltttie Dalley. i i VTV?U ?C nofer-Wtmn .wv-intui:icacoundsr'7hr Mc isciici iriy.nu cmuciii st-rvlc- Mary Hllertori aiurpther , iqcmlrs of tbv Iron Co, Association held a suffrage nict-t-Inat Summit, Iron Co., April 16.: v t- - . iwdffwi nnu, riM'diui v,u., vuhii. i - aud new form.s'of indu'ry have multiplied. the demand lor labor and the intensity of resulting the la coriipeihion has summoned to itts bor of a omen, The consequent enlargement of woman s quaere has marked by interest jn top'cs of social.; industrial and economic concern, and by increased participation of women in pnblic affms. ; .Pending the question of tlfe unqualified admission of women to the right of suffrage, which is now aindergoing: discussion and trial in different quarters of the Uni'n we respectfully, urge the the forthcoming Reto commend the ad- publican State Coijvention krt - 'f if O imnn n II C t Art C ' rk m !.ri An taming to education, and tb invoke accordingly their participation in party primaries and con- - Vatsn,'Vkx- Pre. Cia:i'- - cicinvii. k miii svv That we VM FFRAttK-CQ- L i Alarch ki of inuutnoiiia, Mter LdunmU M. '..Robinson Lo. AfaiihfV! imc 01 b lhtr mik M- - has Joved and re- Her died m'lhehooe cKtois resurection. Well may it be said of her 'Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord." She, had the work done'in thSaltJLake and Logan Temple lor about twenty five dead relatives. She has passed thepearly gat-rs, - ed She has gene to her reward, Up there .where her husband waits, In the mansions ol the Lord. Pres. Watson was some what disappoi nted Aiid her works behind her shine, that more of the 'older eople were not As the sunset in the west; " present. Leaves a track of light behind, 'The first lesson in Civil Government was" So her, works light :hcr to rest; Mary Ivllerton, as slso , cteditably given-b- y was the Parliamentary Law lesson, by Miss Faithful through this troubled life, " The ventions. To her God and husband true, Lydia;v ardell. A comic recitation, rendered Inventor's Wife," was., by .Miss as, a oaint, as iiioiuer, wue. Minnie Adams. 'Aunt Pauline Lyman j ' Miss.Hki.en M. Winsi.ow, President of With a crown of glory due! could not remember when, she was first the "New" England Women's Press As E. S. Robinson. ..has been appointed. by Gov. converted to woman's rights. Thought "sociation, as a member of the Massachu-- ' women could as well go to the polls to vote Greenha3ge as to the: Post Office, and did not think any setts Commission to" visit the Atlanta Ex-- j position next fall. The press women are homes would be neglected- .- ;' ; Pres Watson read a few selections from pleased with the honor done Miss Winslow, who is in uch beloved among them; pleased, our paper,, i he i;cno ot .Jvqual bunrage, th. honor so was to the' that .also, speak', well suited to allay any prejudice against an the appointment organization. Mrs.'Watson advised although "thrust upon" her, without previous intimation, as did not urge an organization; but a vote was a complete surprise. The commission con- taken which decided in favor of one,Via the UNION PACIFIC. sists of five members; two of "whom are Mrs. Sarah Hulette, President, and Mrs. women Miss Winslow and Mrs. Annie Dalley as first, and Miss IJiIy 'Dalley Ex. : as second Vice Presidents were unanimously, -July 3rd and 4th the Union Pacific will sustained, as also were the following offisell excursion. tickets to any point within cers: Miss Jessie White, Secretary, Miss Millie Allen, Treasurer; Mrs. Fanny Far300 miles at one fare, good returning until URITUAH.V. row, chairman of Executive Committee; July 5th. members of same: Miss Lenoia Hulette, Mrs. Sophia Dalley, Miss Online Nielson, j - We, the Young Ladies of Kamas, do most sinj; " cerely and with sorrowing hearts, wish to express Mrs. Lorcena Dalley. , our regrets and grief, at the death of our behved After the organization was complete, President, Sister, Ehza Rhead, and to extend our Mrs. to her sorrowing children and friends. A Watson the 7 TT" complete, gave necessary sympathy a faithful been Counhas Friend she and .That instructions to the Executive Committee in selor to us all, we do most sincerely testify. regard to their Board meetings, mentioned And as the Father has seen fit to call her to. that the books and music used and place of get- - be tt er land where sorrow and death canno t come East 1st T . - vi-- -- V 1 j j " : j . I i 4 Excursion Rates July : com-ing'entire- ly ! I - Mc-Danie- ll. . ' mTTMlT n t i n (T J t ft A r-- 1 1 In Ai v t trsi - to makefile meetings a success. The Iro;i s were read and meeting adCounty journed. Members: Mrs. Thriue Dalley, Mrs. LU-- : lie Dalley, Mr. James Dalley, Miss'Minnie Dalley, Miss Millie. Dalley, Miss Melissa Allen, 1 Miss Lydta Dalley, Miss 1 Esther Dalley, Miss Laura Dalley. by-law- we; tire YoungXadies of the Kamas Association do resolve that we will strive to emulate her virtues, that we may meet her there. That we may again listen to her motherly, loving voice and rejoice with her in the Father's kingdom, where she has gone to receive the welcome message. uWell done thou good and faithful servant. Enter thou into the joys of thy Lord. Celestia T. Pack. Pres't; Martha Corkett, Counselors; May Lambert Kate Woodard, -- i(d A r.nnv a - tr -- ScretaryT Y. L. M. r The. othcersol the Iron , Co. W. S. A. and some membersof the same held a very interesting program meeting at Paragoonah on the evening of April 16th, 1895, the object being to create an interest in political . matters there. Tile usual lessons in Parliamentary Law and Civil Government were not omitted while suitable songs, recitations, duets and instrumental music interspersed kept up a lively interest between which E. S. D. Watson and Paulina Lyman made enthusiastic speeches. iu woman's favor well calculated to elicit praise. No organization Was affected, however, but 'we are patiently waiting for a change, in their feelings and an invitation to return and organize Minnie. Adams, Cor. Sec, v - Ij A. of K am as, May iS, 1S95. Died, at Spanish Fork, June 26r28r30and32 SontbStr SALT LA,KE CITY. The Leading Gash Retail E3L 7th, 1895, Sister Isabella Rockhill after a few weeks illness. Sister Rockhill "was first counselor in the Relief Society and a faithful worker therin for many years; she was full of faith and unflinching integ-re'in the principles of the Gospel. She leaves one son, eleven grandchildren and three great grandchildren, besides a host of friends to mourn her loss. y R.KTHOMAS Wosaa's Inst' Go-oper- ative Rest, sister rest, your journey is ended; With patience you've traveled the rough thorny v ' ' road, Bathe your tired, weary feet in the river of life That gently flows by m your Father's abode. ' Sleep, siter sleep7Tn life thoii wert lovely, And death has not marred that noble impress ' A daughter of God of most royal, lineage A crown for a cross, awaits thy fair brow in the mansions of bh"ss. . ... V . , ... ' Mary Baxter. - Keeps on Hand : ; " - ' DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY, EQUI-POIS- E WAISTS, ETC. DremIaklnr styles, HaU and Jn - all its branches, Bonnets cleaned fn A1 Q WESTTEMP,E OPP. wnt ly,:r..rK?,. Millinery, l&tet and retrlnime STIIJKET - BrovSttbjf ' 