J-- .7, VY . - - .'IVor:i their -- " homes X FOX - bcniiu Missouribv a;: infuriated p rut ec ts ' the, suik iul ' oist, n,t Vet, i:iut Ik . titer..- or out IcIovm rccijr.il- thedi-arc o i n j i o n j , I . j i a L ; i u r f 1 Ltwis, who -tin l;iV 1't-l'- i uary ; i zm ' A.. I X 4 - to lnmV jnote. ' . The ditches . 1 1 1 1 1 1 i. ... . ,. ' kept coutmu.uhv iri tlp 1 4 Mor4-iJaho,- .- ..;' - M E M OR 14 M . Wly j loss-of-o-ne- . - Vice-Presiden- co-labor- er, ts - " i , . I5RAVMAX: DIvAD.7" R . Gen. Mason 27. Iain' yo'u dear one down to" rest, They've Whom. God has called from earth away. Gone to enjoy that Heavenly rest, She heard the call" and could not stay. The parting filled your hearts with grief ; .. ' ' of Brayman, aed Si. years, ; So hard to lose the one. you love, titer oldest the .Mason Her sojourn here on earth was brief, United Idalto, in, Her home is with thejust, above, States, and former associate in le;al practice She fain would tarried iiere on earth with Abraham "Lincoln, died here today at, With husband, parent, children dear, the home of his Theodore Our sorrowing hearts arefilltd with dearth ' disease. The was Hetause we could not keep her here. Govdy,of Brigl;t's body And when the cruel shaft was hurled ' taken to Ripon, Wis., to be interred by the And death, your loving wife did take, sideof the deceased's wire. And darling mother from the world, Gen. ' B:a)many was born in 18 13 in, 'It seemed as though your hearts must break. ' Buffalo, N. Y.yin. 1S35 he .was admitted May God above in mercy hear Our prayers, and consolation give to the bar. i; He then went to. Louisville", friends and kindred sorrowing near To where he edited a paper and practiced. law. And leach us Father how to live,. He alternated between the two professions, That when cmr earth's work here is o'er We may be called to Heaven above obtaining eminence in both. And join the dear one gone before, In 1842 he removed to Springfield, 111., andjjegau tlie practice of law. While in. " And dwell with her in endless love, There no more partirg, pain', or tears, Springfield he was a neighbor, of Lincoln, No sorrows to disturb our rest v'W ' and was associated .with him in many a case. For God will banish all our fears v The intimacy begun then .continued" until In realms above, home of the. blessed. -- . sou-inla- " ' ' self-sacrifici- g . ' . ; -- B!ow gently ye wild Winds, our darling's asleep, 1. y, Sarah M.- Kimball. - A. WORD TOiTHOSE WHO ARK TERESTED IN THE '" ' ' CULTURE. SILK ""Fiiave " sufferings, and hardships of our people at that time and that they could never forget the scenes they witnessed. Ed. Salt bake School Of Obstetrics and Nursing. T IN MEMORIAM.' of ' students from . this school before the Utah "passed examinations Medical Board of- Examiners on the first of January and receivedr licenses to practice Obstetrics. Mrs. Lizzie H. Shipp will commence a Summer Class on the sixth of May tjrniiiiiei ou rteen tir VaTrJ Hall. The terms for entire courses is ten dollars. Books six dollars. Those desir. ing further information address 34 S. 7 East A IqynTTFUtaTrCounty Board of officers of Silk Association who dt sire to express their deep respec, love and appreciation of the life and laborsf.0 exemplary verified in our beloved Sister Sarah B. Saunders. vvho departed this life in -- -of- and-lettuc- -Vthis e, wi after one is sure of their leaves, then hatch the worms. ; These leaves can be" obtained by first trimming the old trees very close, 'which causes the leaves to grow thicker upon the branches and much richer with Sap. Better results will be obtained by treating the old trees in this manner, than by letting them remain in the old bushy state. .After trimming the bid trees, take the slips and cut to about eighteen inches long, and plant in the bottom and against one side of a ditch eight inches deep; the slips about two feet' apart and with one or more Provo, March 31st, 1895. aged sixty four years, months", after an. illness of three' weeks Caused by paralysis, and who held the poiiion of vice rresioent in tms association tor eiht years. Resolved that we honor andchejisjijiejijii -- Reli.ef-Socie- and being as a mantle and beamed from' her pure countenance and in her death we lose an. indefatigable and clever worker insilk. In the incipiency of this organization, she persistently persevered inweaving handkerchiefs frorriVery crude material upon a Jiome' improviseds loom "her last effort was in, weaving of silk from which our flag is overfqrty-yardmade, she was very dedrous this industry should be successfully and permanently established and lent her best energies to the' same. And while we shall miss her we realize she has gone to after having led a good and faithful life, to meet those gone before, may those who remain follow her worthy example and ever remember tne love sue evinced tor them. Resolved that we publish this tribute of send a copy to the family" and place it upon our recoid. -- charity her-rewar- Saraii GoOdman, the board. M. A. TiLt, President. Vice Prest., in bphalf of RESOLUTIONS Is memory OF RESPECT. of Lydia Laura Lewis. It js with sincere regret, and heartfelt sorrow. that we have NUMUiCR - and nine Liiiiiesaiidiristkjra covered her whole She's resting at last in her narrow bed, Disturb not her slumbers, but soft requiems keep, Uer the grave ot our loved one, our beautiful dead." . IN- beeiC askedby individuals and Other cities, my opinion of the best method of raising food for .silk worms. Numerbusi questions have been ;asked in regard td this matter and some ladies have asked J f the leaves of "currant bushes, and other burdock, cabbage shrubscjiii-beused-tli- on small vegetables' any good results. I say emphatically No. Nothing must be used except mulberry leaves aiid these must be new, tender and rich. The first consideration in the growthpf. silk w'orms is food, which, as I have said . -- . . . " , ' - . - ! man'5 Suffrage Association, Caroline Dye life departedfhis .Pebniary ,26th, 1895, we deem it expedient that we in some jpublic manner express our appreciation of her ""ma'ny good qualities and of her efficiemt services ' Therefore be it: Resolved: That the Utah Woman's Suf frage Association commend the devotion of our loved friend to the cause of purity, equal justice; and religious "iMrs. Dye was ever discreet, ntegrity. .liberal and progressive. She was eminently Jsocialt-pleasinand considerate in" iiiatinerT Resolved, That we deeply condole with the familyand with the community'of which Mrs. Dye formed so lovable and important a Lincohrs!eath. ' ' part. .Guvr IJiTTj nuin was os:e of the. men sent to in' That we venerate her mem-or"""Resolved, vestigate the troubles in Nauvoo.after the exodus, and commend the amiable and helpful his wife went with him, both of 'them, have stated to the writer the sympathy they felt for the example of our loved friemt and sister. . . f ' to . , - Kansas City, Feb. In the dispensation of Divine one of Providence our esteemedof the Territorial Wo- the . , ,. -- ( ...WiiKRiiAs, ; 1 ex-govern- , tajnesf ' x-fi- ve KX-GOVERXO- tl N e inibm' d - t ' keh ef aeiy 5 t e; Ox- by which time the leaves will hvorker be ntr the .same. betluckand rich, and the trees W4.U grow j. ford Ward, lf th,. w'.t1,(; ,j!ifns aii to a IieighUi .ot trom .tlnee ;mva nan to L Relief Society of Oxford,'-Idaho- , desire to t feet.' This also -- saves climbing' trees, j press .our 'deep and lasting-sympathfor, and in', t condole with heJ)eteavtdJam.ly in and children can gather the leaves as readily whor'by-.her; rioble, arid exemplary Vn1,l..r tersons. endeareifTo was life, usjtll: Therefore we bow. in nrees old and .both trimmed, bttmble' submission to.the Divine will of Hum Keep young not too muclf bute'nough to cause the leaves )"Vrbo tempers, the wind to. thehorn Iimb," an pray, that Uie comforting. Influence of God's to become brittle and moist. y Spirit may brinjj, sweet convolution to Uie I?I' I Pvi'FK V ' bereaved oijes in this their'jjreat affliction. to seek, a! agam by mob home farther life "..earlier 'the-great desert emigrants she crossed plains, and after siiilerin'g. from want aiid privation, settled in this, then, vild and barren valley, during all those trying experiences, aud while encountering all these trials an'i difficulties, she never once heard the name of Deity profaned, and not until she had grown to womanhood had she. seen an intoxicated man or woman. vioretice.-compelle- d" rtoojnu t ;. ;4 a it after a short but ... pamlul 'illness c pentonitis, bek sick only riht days, July foil 1S0S. She was the lu loved. .wife, of VViHiam thtrct-rav-crr ' " " 1 This mafifiVr ' t h eioo ts jLrum t he- ' Ev w v was can 'ZZZZZZ :. - ' ' above the tup of the ditdi, creased ui our midst, related her early xperien'ce iu the cuhreli. a X. A 1 ' Turds in the sod',' auil tw o .or 4t .iMieisaid-Kj-w- OSi A st. . . E.K.THOMAS d 26,28, 30anfl32 East 1st SoillUSt., SALT LAKE CITY. r . . The-Leadi- ng -- Retail1: Oash R. K.THOMAS - - f J 