Voi.iJ SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH,' "It CONTKNTS: e ' ' ! - .. Hunting A Augusta Joyce When Easter Comes Margaret E. A ' -- . " "When did I last buy me a hat? Really don't remember Whether 'twas some spring conference Or sometime in December. You cgnnot judge by seeing it, ' What might have been the season, And as for naming, just the style 'Twbuld quite bewilder reason. - . storm-scarre- You see my dearyour ways and mine;;; - In special matters vary; You choose and order something fine, Wnile J.must 'be so ary; The first thought must how much. No just how little, maybe Taken from all the endless needs Of household down, to baby. And that is just the first of it Not yet the worst point either, Two solemn truths present themselves And I can hide from neither. vvhen taste and judgment disagrW, The task's not ah ideal v "- -r for-u ..Delightful 4;e ic as yo '.. Put most severely real. old-tim- - .. be-ju- st 1 - t n "With superstitious dread ; - I view ' A thing all black and sober, No matter if I was born in The late month of October. Nor do I want my hat to bear Art's tinsel grapes and berries,; - Ah, lovely milliner, how well You know your task and do it They could not tell as swift I pass,' Who seeV so plainly through it. ... Bnght be. thylife as in thy smile v 'And blessings rest npon it, And chase forever far ahead As T could wish in sonnet The time, whey you no more Can wear The loveliest new bonnet. , . .' . . - Italiair-vcnderVtra- - y After all your endeavor And getting what you liked the best Don't you look worse than ever?" ' For; weary face and faded hair ' Fair milliner, ! pray you, Evoke such colors, style and grace As shall beloved make you. No that won't do 'tis well enough, TO PRACTICE. .In the Book of Books it is written, "God said 'Let there, be light' and there was light. ' ' An abstract truth is herein set forth, but the whole sum of the matter is hot expressed.' Reason teaches that there were agencies who understood and obeyed the mandate of divine authority and thus the purpose of the Lord was fulfilled. Not words alone, but works; brave, detenu ined , incessant effort, wields the power which will eventually revolutionize the world. The world in its grand old age lias grown very wise, and, contains, many teachers. lIso many vho aspire to be teachers with out the necessary preparation and qualifica-- . ; tions. : Of the latter class the unwary should beware, lest "the blind lead the blind, and, both fall into the ditch. " 7 It is good to desire, with great and strong desire to be a teacher of truth. And it is possible Tor almost every one to become a true teacher; not-- : an imaginarr or mislead-- ; : Piled up with flowers and cherries. If I could reach my hand and make Just my own free selection, From that felicity would turn A mental introspection; And I would ask myself: ''well now, 1 f iZTis cb a rm i h g w h e n you we a r. i 1 , It makes you fairer, younger still, But I I would not dare it. Is there not something that won't show The contrast all too strongly- ,- As mist enwraps and makes more fair Some scene. nor doeth wrongly? . ;y O,I cheek and eyes and smile of youth, read without your speaking: .'"" ' -- . . -- ,- a-- . ' ' . -- ;.....,;.: Augusta Joyce Crocheron. Bountiful, April, 1S95. ' -- . Qrhkc- - : . . i o own' In mirror answers plainly; ,'. There is no use to argue with Facts all too plain and truthful, TT Your dainty goods and all their grace : Belong to faces youthful. Just pick me out the plainest hat I think at last we've found it; d As kindly ross, hides bough lust wreathe a veil around ii. And have it large enough, my dear, '. My face to shield and cover So I. niiht pass unknown'beside rl. - : e 7 lover. My truest Can't you slip in a little tint To light it just the slightest, , Somewhere just as through clouds at night Qhe sUr shines out the brightest? ' v" . Or, as in ashes .that seem dead " There hidtth still the embers, That wake to touch like some past joy, The heart oftlmes remembers? II AT: questionable jhi the niiiidbioiLsonurbut-Tjrlef analysis offers proofs of its correctness. - In the "first j'lace, the one grand soul which in spite of all: obstacles, heroically performs its daily duties; small er greatt-tthe end of mortal lif, is saved. While of all the millions of hearts which may be thrilled by the sound-- , of the tliousand ser- or the perusal of the many volumes, not one, by those means, independent of self exertion, will ever secure saltation. And again, .the object lesson presented by a worthy life, to those who are. fortunate enough to come within the circle of its lighU is of greater practical value than the mere" listening to the most eloquent sermons, or reading of the most instructive ;; works, can be. For ; one" is the positive demonstration of exalted truths;' the others are simply oral and book lessons. The present era is one of general education. The vbrid is full of educated, or at least partially educated speakers and ters. Has it a proportionate number o-f- , charitable and synipatheticTiearts aud will- ing, do its workers or a majority of them actually work for the good of humanity, " for the reformation and salvation of the masses; ready, patient hands? Or is there, within the breasts - of many, underlying this high and holy object, a reaching after, ' vai n glory - y ea rn i ng for adulation , a love of praise? And in many instances, coupled . with these polluting tendencies, is there not an undue and selfish longing for world-- , ly wealth?' No heart need fear to take home, and kindly entertain these questions; and prove them, whether they be friendly messengers come to give warning of dangers "7; ahead, or mere safety 4nspe:torsTookrrrg--- J after the general . weal. Where there is no dross to be consumed, the. fire need not be dreaded. If, however, the evils here mentioned are really prevalent,- to what cause may such lamentable effects be traced? Does it not give rise to reasonable apprehensions that something is at fault with the general manner, or matter, by which the public "mind is nourished?; Let us look into this ' ;; subject. Children attend; school and are over-fementally, as a rule, in this generation. Often vanity and love of praise are engendered, fostered aiid highly developed in the innocent child, to sharpen the appetite aud increase the thirst for learning Thus the is capacity of the brain expanded at the to' and the neglect of the heart. expense Thus .knowledge is eagerly sought anrl V " obtained through selfish motives, for world- ly honor and gain; instead of in tlxe spirit of; generosity, to do good and diffuse light ". ' ' in thejnidstof the world. ; Parents as well as teachers, home as well as school influences all lead in much the a ls For your fair face beside my Ma! HUNTING for "bright ;cheeks. Have we Has life grown bright, or colder? But I forget- -I take "your time; Why should I still look vainly .Soul-jewe- 18. , : -- No. 1S95. ing one. It should be' considered a cause;.-.'.for individual coiigratulation, that the in- fluence of one pure and, noble character, of life, is of more lasting' and certain weight in the scale of the world's reformation, than the preaching of a thousand sermons or the ; " publishing of thousands of-- voluujes.-;TJp- on first thought, this statement may appear ; " , ' Sangstt-.r- ' - . -- , ; - Poktry:-Crocheru- n. is not here, has passed away 15, Years back, beyond your seeking." . For bloom cf health and hope 0 youth Graced e'en the simplest dressing; Whal now in place.. of- childhood's wreath .'And parents' fond carressing? ; What do we win for what we lose While we are growing older,; "; The Spirit of Reform Reduced to Practice Louisa Gret-nRichards.- Our Sixth Sense,' or j Sens0 of; Spifittiai Undtrstarrilihg Sarah KimhalL Woman Suffrage Column. Hack to ) I The Long Ago L. M. Hewlimrs. U. W. P, C lAze S. vYikqx. Woman's Influence Lizzie D. ' Social Armstrong. Purity Katie Halladay, Lragan, hqual Suhrage Section. "SiIIT Associa-- . tion Meeting Corinne M. Allen.- '.Appreciation And Thanks1.,, Testimony' of. Mrs.' Basett-- ' In Meniofiam Sar;:h M; Kimball. A Word To Those Who Are Interested In the Silk Culture-E- lla Pyper. In Memoriam. Editorial: Conferences And Conventions. ' APRIL - , --" --r , :".- "' v" - d . . ; -- 