given at to ylui paruMs.. ! la c a I 'lave fur c Vfiv.lli ing an y to cotr.e Us possible. and, g t, a s faidrjmy&yz: we .would fhut in IW ifny.'it iiHkmxiStak.: CiHilKtlvEuivauIilhunp to act ay miunurx-- s .1 vt'vN veil mee';uTgs", call, it.-l-l Ik-kin- d . id - ,.i..rj-.T,--- ,' 'I s its-j!acr- f : ' 7 Mhtutcs of aftermxm .meeting, Marrriirr:Vudai7:'iTeidiihr; commcnevd by TU VAKlXLOUAJf. Reeling. C 'mine.xl by singtng-riJdscPrayer-.waonered Smith s.First' Prayer bv,5Lstvr Sarah II. Taylor. Singing. "Did. - You Thihk'to Roll' was called and Pray of last minutes of morning were read and accepted 'with an ' s ..Yn-etin- aii-hiven- ' ... -- - ' y pre--par- Ph-qdent . . dj--nork"- y s3id-,'4,As- k their Jt parents m ."" h A sked - to visit with us in our meeting this afternoon. Meeting was. brought toji close'by singing, "Ziou. is growing.') President Anderson asked ail the children Mre'timf Minutes of afternoon meeting. of last anniversary, were read and accepted. The exercises .weie rendered as follows:- - A moral tory was iriveu by Willie Htigi.'V A sketch on the Hie of President John Taylor Was read bySarah Taylor. Song, "Think oil These Things" was given by a class of boys and girls. A selection "The first principles of the Gospel" was given by ii class of little lxys and- girls: Instrumental music was given by George Anderson. Stake, Counselor Kmma like said she was pleased to see so many parents hereas she knew thev would be paid for it My heait has been filled with joy to see the. children take their part so well. I am sure "'the' angels are pleased with it too. I always feel at home when I come to' the fifth ward" as I was present at the first organization. Always remember that the eye of the. Lord is on you, no matter where you aret so we should all try to be good arid faithful children obey your parents, for the Lord says "Honor thy Father-anthy mother that thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth. thee." Hoped and prayed that the children would rememr ber their prayers. I am pleased to see Jacobs and Sister, Kent with 'us this afternooiH Nellie HaybalP gave a recitation entitled ' 'Christmas live. ' ' Wesley Anderson gave a recitation. Kate Ander-s(and Sarah Taylor sang a song entitled, "Wliat is home without a mother." Sister Priscilla: Jacobs said I want to be obedient and resjxmd when called upon, I am pleased w ith thej good order that" has been main-tainalso for the parts that have been rendered. I have not seen the day that I could not say "God bless the Primary Children." I am glad that I have lived to see the day that order has been maintained in Priiuary,as "order" is one of the first laws of Heaven. We ought nnd 0 all to imnrovp t vearTTam sure the bless of the Lord is poured out upon us. ing Always listen to the promptings of the spirit of the Lord because he has given eachof us a portion of his holy spr it. I am sure I have been well paid for coming. Sister Mary Kentrwas truly thankful that she had the privilege of meeting with us ' ' all . ' ' om kept. Hydc-sni- felt. that she Mary owed a;ote of thanks to the visitors that have met withais today. Mieting' Was brought to a close by, singing"We aie the Bemdiclioii by children of the Saints. K. Slowcll. SiNter; Mary Y. Arderson President. Mary Screnscii First ounselr. Lololiue Ilurst. Second Conn-selo' F;.niA B unci:,- Sec. -- : j r. - . HYGIKXK AND PHYSIOLOGY. - amendment. Counselor I.eoline Hurst the opening address in veise composed byj?ister ilattie C. Jenson (which we omit for lack of space;) A- recitation was nicely rendered by Aurelia and Fanny Wesley Anderson. Burnett sang a song entitled, ""In" the Meadows," - A recitation entitled "Good Morning,'' was given by Janet XeJ son. A recitation entitled ".Our Baby Boy" was given by Violet Peterson. Questions and answers on Church History were given by a class of little boys r and girlsrT7 Barlxira Wilson gave a recitation entitled "Good A selection entitled "Our Maniiers." " Primary" was rendered by a class of little .boys and girls. Stake - President jar.e" Kr Moleu said she was struck so forcibly, when saying her prayers this morning, to ask thev Lord to assist her on her journey. Before reaching hcxe my horse took sick and I Ti'as ' afraid I would be unable to get here, but the Lord answered my prayer,' and so allowed me to meet with you. Always listen to the promptings of the Holy Spirit, was pleased to see' the little boys step aside, and let thedittle girls pas from "the stand first.. Our primaries are for the purpose of make saints and to ing jus better Latter-dato ourselves grow up to be. good and the sight of our Heavenly pleasing :rn 'Father;, also to teach us to be gentlemen and ladies, was pleased to hear that tile children cleaned the Meeting House. A' sketch on the life of Brigliani- A song YungwradiiyIaTly" entitled "Did Jesus Love Them" was given by a number of boys and , girls. ;Stake Counselor Mattie B. Hanson said it would be impossible to tell how pleased she . had been in listening to the exercises this morn-ing- f Some day all of you little boys lxi called on missions, if you live so as to, - he worthy"" of it ; and if- - you w" luirtmlslFThe Church . of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints, fast and pray earnestly and the Lord will give you a testimony for and you shall receive," but he we must be faithful and believe that he will answer our prayers, What a beautiful association you have! Your President and ' to meeting week after . Counselors come week to teach and instruct you, lecause of the love they have toward you. Bishop William Hyde said'the Lord would bless and.comfort the parents of these children,, if they would come and visit the Primary once in a while to see wliat the children were doing, was pleased to seethe children have so - -- - ph : Pet:";itojKitSong. VtHl.JltwiKi;''wvijilin JuU vrMil'Jid jre; olhCtrs. &hi&jUfr;' Siugiii.t-,Tfri'Fi1re:- session, ..of ther IrI Ali .Ward'; Primary "Anniversary, held in' :..th- ;- A.I ee.tiiig. I Ion ITuiidiy-- A piil . i 95 . President Mary II. A:derson presiding. ' ail .sitnvrrni'Ve . ..." Slstkr Hannah the-Cit- v -- ' Sis-le- e ' u -- ed - . 4. J.,aiJ:-LrceMuf-tret-- -. ... ., IC3IUIU 111 VJICCIiVt his demise. Deas..-r-- Br i .. x hlaerXo. She U--- : ,.'a.'nc nine .11 , r ui h aves a kitidimsb.ind antl 1 anmversarjv "I "am glad to see the improvement you are mak- 1 Always be polite to the aged to your presiden t. Nellie Hurst gave a recitation entitled "A Mother's Influence." A sketch on the4iie V Presi- V. ec ... a xtr lftt t:C-w uuuruii vas reaa ioy Lreorge liiuiu. .ucui iiiiuv.ii. vvjii, ouuui iiuie cnuaien u come unto me" bv the The Lord's Prayer was repeated by Archie McNeil, Sister Agnes T. Swartz. said it won't be long before you will be-- walking off into the Y. L. and Y. M. Associations. If you try and learn now, when "vou Are called on missions, you will-beprepared 10 go. oiaKe president Jane. Molen asked for a vote of ail tiie little boys that ' would like to be called 011 missions when they gre w up, Kead the Book of Mormon and pray over it, then you will a tesli' get of the truth of this gospel. I was o mony hear to. the sentiments that were pleased u. n V,r!llC 1. seven children one nly ;in iidnt) to wouft her loss. Her ajrtd mother iilecpiyrfhcted at' parting troi her beiovtd daughterfwho. had always been a loving and atiVcpvitc chdd, to her parents and a very con strand devoted wi.'e ard mother to her fann'iyf" S'ie was beloved and greatly respecteotirydl u ho knew her. She died G as pe h Lgi,edhe-h- e n ; em in full faith heaven comfort the be arid give unto ihtti His Holy Spirit to reaved . . . : .txMam mem in ineir.aniiciion. t h- - and-obedie- Mrs. Martha M. Davidson daughter of iher late Bishop Maulien of Cnche County and of Mrs. Mary A Maughan f Lo'an departed thiT life Fr b. 4, 1895, Mrs. 1). meson was bonvNW. k 1 grow-betterrach ing. juu . d todaxlllJlie-lhirtee- n -- started one of her classes here, in It is held in the Social" Hail, State Street. Four days in the week term to last seven ' j., weeks, three hour lessons each day, .: The special subjects treated upon in" these classes are 1fygicne JViysiology oiicohian and Obstetrics, as Jar, as that science is practically beneficial for. women to "possesswho, are mothers or expect to be mothers. The object of "these classes, is to assist""Woman in learning her r mission in life and to be more willing to fill it to helu her to realize the glorious piivilege cf rtaring' God's children to establish-greate- r purity, to attain to better health ami higher happiness, to help lengthen out, human existence' here upoh earth. It is pleasing to know, that these classes are most' appreciated they have been taught. Societies in that line, are now permanently organized in several Counties, Utah Co., Cache Co., Wayne Co., and two counties in Idaho. It is desirable that as manv of the Salt Lake City women as possible, would unite themselves with thisclass, now in operation here in the city, as it has proved, that this work is conducive of much. good. . -- has Sori-nsj.:- 1 nt . . r-- . Com. ... :1P 1 .E. THOMAS Z6.28.30and32 Easi 1st SouldSt SALT LAKE CITY. x -- . The ....... Leading Retail RK. THOMAS , 