WOMAN'S KX TON EST. A O, FFEC1 IONA l BLV 'lNdCRBEDJJGLM-y- MV husband! -s- - Indeed of, a truth. -- 5 .J3 - grey, . . .. Tho changes and sorrows together we've known, Vet my heart is still true, as in happy days. flown, And in. thyrdear presence-- , a sweet. mys.tic sn'ell '22 Thrills niy being: with rapture,, that words cannot : ' tell. 'Tis a. joy. 'tis a peace that lovers well know, Vet, we're not the same lovers we were years ago, For our love has been tested in various wa'ys, ' By the pitiless storm and the sun's glorious rays Separation has only cemented the chain That has bound us together through pleasure and . v pain, So, our love may be voted the loe that will last Through the changes of time and the tempest's rude blast, We are bound by all ties, that are strong, pure, and true Uy the priesthood of God, and its covenant new; By the children our. Father has unto us given, Bringing each to each nearer, and nearer to :, heaven. la onr youth we resemble the magnet, and steel, Attracted together by love's wondrous zeal, " We could not Ttll why, yet our faith was benign, That in this our fend union there was a design, That the hand of O.nniporcnce ruled in each life, And brought us together as husband and wife, This day, as the ' Silver belis" cnime in my ears, My heart swells with thanks and my eyes fill with - .. . tears," -- : ' - ' '. :. Tears of gratitude deep that the ''lot" fell on you, 5ly kind, noble husband, tried, faithful and true. ' I the of-Ar- gyll; peaKerswere-tne-l)uke Bishop of Hereford, Dr. My lover! II I PercivJre d ever-livin- g . y j Marie - t : v - their Moslem foe. WOMAN'S PLACE: "For what did V'Tiiuwcvu , were me inrensic. wic, honors ot tue event aecordeu,, but. to a wo man. The London Daily Nezvs declared that Lady Henry Somerset's address vwas the speech of the evening and reported it verbatim, an honor accorded only to that distinguished lady and to the .duke of The eloquent address will be Argyll. read with' interest. Lady Somerset said: "The crescent of the Turkish mosque has become the scimitar of the bloody-handeTurkish soldier. Henceforth that crescent stands forth in the eyes of all nations as impossible, to cleanse as the hand of Lady Macbeth, while the cross, gleaming on ten thousand church spires, sheds forth the mild effulgence of a beacon that means deliver ance, where vet its heavenly rays." extend. Never were these two symbols of a dying and an cause setover against each other in a contrast so vivid and significant as now. The martyrdoms of the first century in Jerusalem have been suffered again at Sassuri. The hills and valleys of Judea are hardly more sacred than the blood saturated h'lls and the valleys of L Armenia. .. "What was the crime of the Armenians? That-thecherished in their brave and loyal hearts the Gospel of peace on earth and good will to men: that the Bible was their most sacred possession; that the home life had one central figure rather than a group of women despoiled of their choicest heritage. the life long'fideli.ty of one mar; to .whom theirown had been faithfully pledged, j This was the stone of "their stumbling, the rock of their offense in the fierce eyes of ' the rocks, where he -- was - aftertfaioined escaped :'ajjdA;.: they die the good priest- ;me crave Jacly, the hunted little mother s child? They died that the Gospel which raises woman up. and with her lifts, toward Heaven the world might have free course ; to run and be glorified. They died that the untrammelled, beneficent, consecrated life of England's purest womanhood might slowly come to women in their own beautiful and pleasant land. For they knew as" we do that even as the progress of a June day is traced on the earth's map by the sunshine, so the widening way of a free Gospel is traced by woman's happiness and manhood's exaltation. For them, V already Christianity had done muchr for us it has done more: to them the tender dawn had come, to us the noontide splendor. "It is fitting that an Englishwoman's voice should be lifted for. the Armenian woman in this great circle of England's A hunpowerj culture and opportunity. dred thousand women wearing the White Ribbon emblem of purity and peace are 'invisibly present w;th me as I stand here trying to represent their holy'indignatiori . and burning love for their sisters yonder in the clutch of the harem despot at Constantinople. ."The watchword of ,pur gieat nation today should be not .'peace With honor' for these are. words that in the presence of the lamb upon Armenian hillsides to which no wind is tempered become a reproach if not a blasphemy;" but rather let us cease to cry peace, peace, when there is no peace; and lifting up our hearts to God for power, let men and women throughout the Eng- race, in broad America and Great Britain highly resolve that the rallying cry of Armenian deliverance shall be peace with purity, peace- - with fidelity, peace with loyalty, firm and unfaltering to the Gospel of Christ and of the Golden j - . . ; - ' " glish-speakin- g "Three figures stand forth on the lurid canvas of this History the priest who had Sheltered and safe, whe're no rude winds blow. sustained and comforted his little flock, That her feet are far too tender to roam gathered with him in a cave on the Along the rough paths where a man'may go. was too old to llee when the Turks searched Rule." While others contend that woman's sphere out their covert.: He was afterward founds s Is out in the world, as much as a -reverend gray bayoneted; mutilated-hTmaajs Thatherarrhave nothing at all, to fea,r hairs half concealing the red signs of the From taking a part in his wbrkTand plans. cross that had been cut on his forehead LITERARY SOCIETY. indelible mark- of the undying hate that Yes, woman can work with hands and head the followers of Mohammed cheiish for the To steer her vessel across life's sea, The American History and Literature Galilean. of the disciples But the heart will always take the lead, Club was organized April 3, 1895, at the scene is the when Another And pilot her safely wherever she be. Shakkeh, home of James Howard, South Bountiful, the sister in law of Krikor, the famed. Ar- - .Davis Co-i th th- e- folio wing officers; Not to everyone is a fireside given, menian4eaderr4ierself-a-TTOniawellknown President Mrs, Augusta J; Crocheron; Secfor her high character, courage and wealth, retary, Caroline jPJLdJalLjeahe Assistant She can scatter seeds over earth from heaven took her little boy. in herarms, aud, being Secretary, Jennie Howard, and Eveline And gladden the world with beauty and grace. pursued by the savage soldier, flung herParkin as Treasurer.. Committee on proHut woman alone can woman free, self down a precipice, beneath which she gramme Nellie E. Parkin and Lucy J. And in raising herself, uplift the race was; found dead by faithful friends who Howard. came to seek her place of martyrdom; as To a higher life. This can only be Our meetings are held weekly and much When woman is given her proper place. they simply said;' 'We buried her and the interest is manifested. one in remembrance dL the hospitality little Ex. Belle Taylor. A. Crocheron, Sec. we nani so 01r.ten enjoyeu. in ner nappy Some say that a. woman's place is at home, : hill-sid- e, ' - . 1 - 4 V- w H . : 1 1 1 - j home." APPEAL FOR THE ARMENIANS. m wifeiand ''Thethirsaj'oung of but "eighteen years Address of Lady Somerset before d Representative Gathering at St. James ' r- -" h all London ; T - mother-i-- z - age, who, hunted j a largely, attended meeting j was 'held at St. Jam es Hall, London, for the purpose ol expressing j sympathy with victims of .Mohammedam fanaticism in Armenia and elsewhere in Turkey and to exercise some influence upon the policy of the British .government in behalf of the sufferers. ,: Among the distinguished "the j - j j ! "T-- I I 4th. until she .was overtaken by the Turkish troops and her boy slain before her eyes, Via the UNION PACIFIC. his little form being tossed on their tayonets from one soldier tt another; and as she i turned to fly they began to despoil her of her clothing, when, to their surprise, they July 3rd and 4th the "Union pacific will found on her a belt filled with gold coins," sell excursion tickets to any point within and during their quarrel over the distribu- tion of their booty, she slipped away and 300 miles at one fare, good returning until concealed herself among the fastnesses of ' July 5th. j Recently -"" tXCUrSiOH HaiBS UUlV like a partridge on the hillside, ran with -t- " ' 