 3... pait of the work, fomfajon T1 IKEVfnjfVl ( )S OF SCF?;KAG brrn fahoitoifsjy, not to jvhfsjr riudk irojisly, t ryj nlf to dothe work of his otln r human half. He lias been piling foundation stones up tu tlie heighV of the dome ha i called liis( work a com plete edifice. Dead failure,; Proof, vide 5.KtT av KU.KK v,txf.u.v.- DIET .. v, - kxpuNkm. ';'wom'An;s J Ml . is' that everv'. lxiscd.wSwukUchgtIiVahd ,. Coninial 4 e IC K . . .... The theory that "manhood suffrage" sent of. the governed; and, when the time came to publish our national Constitution, its eorner-onproclaimed that ' We, the "people of the' United States," found .our. government upon, justice, justice' having- txreii.. previous! apove v tiiiiivjiuxn uiuieviiro-aciarauoTi'' referred to. At ii uc nidi uiuc pi uivipies. esriauiiMica ffor us by a fe w. lofty souls, were imperfectly understood by the masses, while .all the pow;ers a:id principalities .of despotism" among us had a selhsh motive for resisting them to the bitter end.,. Jkhind us lay thousands of years of despotic rule, .jyhich had generated, increasing arrogance, pride and greed for power among those! privileged to wield authority over their fellowsand which had ingrained habits of servility, weakliess and timidity aniong those sub-- ' jected to authority.- On the side oT the for the ruling class reigned e of al"the capacity people;" luded toeven by historians,as "the scum'. and it was deemed .impossible to improve their condition. Beside this general contempt among the 'nobility'"' for the masses, special class contempt prevailed wherever one class held legal power over another. The clergy ruled the, laity despotically, and disdained to give them any voice in such uvciuuicui, uusuuuu.v iuieu wives, similarly, and all men similarly made and tried ?' - s plausible theory and commands cartful con- sidefatio'n, owing to the'frriniant' qrray'of of it. every "names pledged to (its support. One must face .'this hypothesis as Copernicus 'con-- ' Tine oiMirs ''koi'K . belief, that the earth is With the boundless resources of a glorious fronted the popular a stationary monarch, around which the contingent, man alone, where' God said it f was not good for hiin to be, has brought obsequious sun revolves as a' satellite, this republic to to its present stress. Man What may be called the '"physical force has done his work as well as in his ijature' theory', of government, is n fallacy, as im- he knew how to do it,; but he is now at his mensely widespreadas profoundly rooted in .populai.pr.ejudice, and as strongly main-..wit's end; he has reached the end o'f his i ta i n etl Ty those w h ose rel igious and politirope. - Oh, we have had a- - republic which cal systems depend, upon it, as was the has been splendidly fatheredbut it" hasn't j been mothered, and that's- what's the mat- - Ptolemaic system of the universe. ' But fallacies are doomed to fail, and this ter with it is no' exception to the rule. It is an - Nature's fundamental law. has been set: one aside. , The inexorable law of the Almighty easily exploded error. 'The fine art of critical "examination of history is still in its has been abrogated. One of the two factors which' s.houlul have beeii employed, has merest infancy. Modern man has taken a survey of the records of the past; been unused. fail's Work lias beeirdoue, superficial woman's work left undone. We .are 'suf- he. has noticed that warriors have played an and part in society's fering the penalty of outraged natural law. important that conspicuous warriors are chiefly of the God put men and women in the same world business, male sex, that, jii, Christendom, men both together that they conjointly might work vote, and fight, and that, in Christendom, out a high and holy outcome here on earth. women neither vote nOr fight, and he has Had the God ot the runiverse intended: J:i that men should work, alone in a republic he jumped to the conclusion that voting is a When our ancestors openly and solemnly ' Hence, the would probably have placed him on this privilege born of fighting. women who state-'mecredulously accept such repudiated every" form of gtwernment based earth a sufficiency and women-woulof facts and on a pretendedly 4Jdivine rrght," and anhasty conclusion", persehave been placed,- - on some other is r vering!' arj;ue ' upheld nounced thathenceforward, we as a people, planet. by force, and, "weak would accept no right of government, save physical We shall not have a enduring woman " can have no; consequently, in it.' part ' the lonir o battle between ' republic until ;ve have woman nature exbelieve I and that every Now, Might Right began.. Far trom wonpressed actively, intelligently, forcibly at it took seventy-fou- r that years to the ballot box. Then, in time, not inaday dispassionate person, who seeks, not to dering eliminate on herself from human the .slavery winning side, but among a' , or year, it wa a long, way from the gorilla prove to our become a discoverer of truth, people professing simply principles, and that. to the gentleman, woman as the conservator herself-detecthe ralsity,of such Article 1 of our Constitutional Amend- of human life, will impress ' her nature on may easily the republic. Woman's part' m. thejrepult.. theory of government. In the first place, ments is still neither put in practice nor the very meanings of the word refutes such even understood, and that the male people lie will be on; the ' Ways and Means coman hypothesis; in the second, all human are still so stupid as not to see they have no mittee, to sustain and provide for human to rule fema le people without life. This committee will supersede the history gives it denial; in the third,, every just right ballot-nivetneir consent, we ourdit to family s governmeiitdejoioiitrha committee on War and Navy appropriations, congratulate-ourselvea that the just- - cause failuse; and, in the h ftTiraTnaTT'wiTr 4rrntecymuTsIohs Wpj riaiLAVilLpro has made even such no more provide for .death, via cannon, shot fourth place, each individual knows that it :Qt and shell. With woman's advent iu the is neither physical force'nor the threat or progress as it has, in face of the tremen. force which governs her dous opposition, waged during the past fear, of republic the glory of the'bayonet here will actions. physical To govern is merely 4'to guide." hundred and twenty yearby despotisms of pale, woman will transfer that halo to. the In its every kind. Every inch of advance along ' essence, it is a purely. voluntarjr ac brow of moral heroes. jr. the line of true by the.. To make home conditions' for each and ceptance of a leader, by one or by many, cost of perse whose ahectiouate trust is given to thep( opleias every child born in the republic, to place governedlp verance unto death; against terrible odd. the republic uponthe safe As soon . The prophets of evil (the Cassandras of healthy, happy homes, to shatter the be naturall)' hitted lor governing. passes out of this mutual began immediately to fill the shackles of industrial slaves, to set the " between governors .and govair with clamorous protests against every wheels spinning on toward that good time willingness ' it becomes war. and War is pure measure proposedin the interestsof freedom, erned when the constant strife for shelter and far as the objects of government for the people. Vested Privilege shrieked bread shall not dwarf the soul, to uplift to chaos, so, are concerned. Theonly good thing which that religion would disappear and moralitv a plane that shall permit the uufoldment of J .4 human race has ever gained through decay,' unless an established church , were all that is sweetest, truest and' best in the tlje war isjts present horror and detestation of given pow;er State to compel the lives of the children of God," this is woman's war." It has cost us millions of precious people to accept dogmas and. to pay tithes. part in the republic. lives, rivers of. blood and mountains of Vested Privilege screa'med that civilization woes heaped upon woe, to purchase the would die if slaves, were not forced to the lesson that every thing attempted by methods drudgery that masters hated, and kept in of .varmay be more quick, economically, obedience by fear of s and the Re Jeanktte Olmstead, of Gusta-vuwon and the use a of crack of And now by Vested Scransensibly of happily whip. Privilege 0., and Rev. Arthu Ferris, reason. the that ;is will rfv disinthe at again howling, jJfamily ton, Pa., were inarried on' June 12th, The DecIaration of Rights, published by tegrate and the home tumble into ruins if residence of Drs. WL. and H. T. Gilchrist, our Continental Longress in 1774, alhrnis man should publicly recognize woman as" Ashtabula, O. Both bride and groom are pasentitled to a vote in her government! tors of Congregational churches. They w ere that "The foundation of all free .0. ye of little faith! If you cannot be- married by Rev. S. B. Hershey, pastor of inent is a Tight in the people to participate 01m-teaiirtheir legislative council." To this, the lieve that fidelity , to just principles will ,tfie local Congregational church. Miss has preached acceptably for th ree yea rs Declaration of Independence, in 776, added good fruit, look at the demonstration Avhich no all past human history affords of the affirmation that 3t Gustavus, and has been active in suffrage government isv just "confrom derives the its this .truth. By actual ekample it is proven unless it rnd temperance' work. iilr. powers : lfetor :Mr!" word : Quoit's letter. .' True, i:-N- i.-- . ; ( . - " . -- j i ' . - I i " . j - " . ' ' ' . ' - - to-da- - , ; ; . , . : ' j utter-contemp- y. -- : t they-wer- full-orbe- nt d .' . ....,.. ; - : - - - - . . . that-governme- -- . . full-orbe- ' ' ... d, self-srovernme- fair-minde- nt. d, .. , . t u s vide-for-- self-governme- nt self-governme- beeii-wonart- nt he soiijir-4Xiriiswlirsee- nr siire-ibun4at- ki by-th- e . - blood-hound- s, - -- ' d pro-du- 1 : ' . ce ' : , .. 