WOMAN'S would "sorry, to. have missed, liIiveljK-e- fry in its trunk I its branche. liavejitck'd-bark'ranyTnjilu- broken ' It is beilt twiw., unity-as-a wmiereu; .yet lias not tailed (I am to told) pnLforth in some .parts of Hrbud and TeaT'ifi its RTraTictt-- "- - aiTi i -- - memories n?&&V tree brought back to me! ; Ihit l turn and ratiible"alone far out over ...... ' the hill-tooverlooking the place where I first saw tlie and where we once lived r "many years. light 'Hie spacious barn isin.good "condition the vacant .spot Where the house stood that was destroyed by"'"firfc, was in mind easily rebuilt,' repeopled and abounding with life as in years long past. ' Dear mother was at the door, father too, as. if re- turning home many children running to and fro, over the lawn, in the garden and across the way where travellers paused by the roadside for their animals to slake their thirst- in the clear waters that constantly flowed. into", a deep receptacle from a never failing spring in the hillside above I fancied I heard the same rippling waters', the sounds of flocks and herds, of insect v .bees and bird, the hum of voices then seemed to greet me with all the old ..time tenderness as I stood entranced with 'visions brought out of the long ago past, until the spell was broken, by calls for my return ; where from the highest point of this rocky hill-tocommanding an extensive ,view of old farm and surrounding "country We gaze long and admiringly finely cultivated farms, lovely quiet hdmes, pasture-land- s with flocks and herds, variegated scenery, broad swift flowing river taking its course through meadow woodland and village,- where its water's once turned the wheels of . busy industry, and its over flow appeared to us as children, (before we had seen the unrivaled waters of Niagara) a fall of tremendous volume! Now we catch glimpses of dome and spire in the distance and far away on the very limit of the horizon, the church on Petersham hill. The spire and dome of the building glows like fire neath the sun's golden rays that shine ever, all around in dazzling beauty on this glorious j v . . etc .A wan much oleemed and by the youngtr rrrtion' (of this, then, comm- ..office ' T I - " 263 EXPONENT, be tiX!rior:bein;.iostIf:X ' . ' . . c. U. W. P. - 1 " .' . " , - v ' the beautiful hill-farm- once 'familiar, now s, eiiriyaliwired or rented by foreigners, and here I must say a real genuine Yankee farmer, is about as scarce m this part of New England as black pearls." We passed through Petersham centre, a breezy height, now, a summer resort for ,city dwellers, on through Tempjeton, portions of Atboljwith its thriving villages,: and-farlong OctoJ)exnc.iLm ture; transparently beautiful! Only the New Euglander knows what- - sterling virtues have been nurtured on these s and what quick energy and abounding life have flowed down from these same hillsides into the best streams of the nation's activity. The village now; called Nichewaney,. has much the appearance of fifty years mo5trnchantingly. t witn me exception oif mills removed; a new charming; alL arrayed in gorgeous splendor school building replacing the old, all the AYe reach the busy picturesque town of Orange just as- the goldeii light of day has buildings are there looking as fresh (externally at least,) as if neither cold or heat passed behind the western hills in splendid of half, or even more than a century had glory. Here wre separate, going our difV affected them; a few buildings have' been ferent ways, one, a descendant of our great added but not enough 't make any material IJncle Seth Woodward whowras all through change. The steep factory hill has an easier the Revolutionary War, has a home in grade,r sloping gradually to the river bridge, York, the others (myself excepted) the majestic old oak that 'spread its friendly reside in the Old- Bay State.' But the mem-- ! branches over us in our school-daplays qry of those will be gratefully .cherished, and alt others who sought its friendly shade who by their kindness enabled me to revisit at the top of the hill, w?as sacrificed to this the places and scenes of early life in the beautiful days of "October's glory," improvement a land niark regretfully missed yet I was cheered at sight ; of the" - Someday, (Providence permitting) I may ; magnificent elm, further up the village by ,, the growing there before the tell you of other places of interest visited, Declaration of Independance, and has now in New England, some of them quite noted, attained to enormous height, and breadth, its famous in history; but it is hardly probable gigantic limbs shading roadsides, lawn; and any description given ""of its scenery, how- - ; the wh'ole-housonce owned and occupied ever picturesque or unique, ..'of- land xf by Col. Josiah Wheeler, War Veteran of water,- - could compare with the grandeur i8i2, and who kept the village store many and loveliness of Utah "scenery, Utah, the town and. County gem of the' "Rockies;" and not even Mount years,' " hill-farm- I ms, . -- 4 . - Buf-faloNe- - ' y -- . . road-side- -- - 1 N. J'." ; - "' of-manki- nd. . s L. M. Hicwi.ixos. . Tenaw, r; . -- held--uumerou- .. - -- . , Mid-summe- Vice-preside- nt ' - tel --- p, 0 . 1 nt . m convey visitors etc ,4o ' Prospect House, " the most commanding spot of the irange, could in .sublimity to its mountains glistening white and cold, in below. '. lant wirder-of-vale- s .. . . 7 cultivated Valley, feet,. with iXij double track rail road over which to - solitude-undisturb- ed . A 1 ' grouiidWhere - in According to previous arrangement the. the dust of our ancestor's and others of our Utah Woman's Press and Reapers clubs kindred repose, no interments have ' been met at the office of Dr. Ellis R.. Shipp, ,made therein for more than a generation. Saturday evening. March i6th, 1895. The The massi ve stone Wall that once surrounded "objectWas a greeting to Mrs.. Emmeliue B.' it lies prostrate on the earth, the wide.black Wells, who is' H'onorar5f-presideof the weird looking gate of entrance gone, cultiPress Club, and the founder of both the vated lands on two sides adjoining have no w tlubs mentioned, and to Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, a growth of heavy timber, mostly ofpinev Press Club.: which gi ves this isolated resti ng. place of the presideutoLtbe. Ruth M. Fqx of the Press dead a somber aspect, with spirit. commenclub presided. After the. usual opening dable after many years of neglect, "trees exercises, Dr. Shipp was called upon to ad- left to grow but "of graves with undergrowth dress the meeting, 'of brush, briar tangled vines etc. r have " The Doctor said ihat at that "Council of been removed, broker! ston.es repaired and Women" they, had met some of the brightothers reset we lingered awhile by our est .women of America. There are sister's grave. The inscription name, dates, thousands of nobl women working for the with the beautiful Verse our dear mother elevation It is a great joy to had engraved thereon ; is as plainly legible know that woman is,, so busily engaged in as forty years gone. elevating humanity, for it woman improves From this place1 looking northwest, we the influence will extend to all mankind. behold the wooded mount, "Thripauy. The papers that were read were all so Woodward the Morris," belonging estate, good, that at the reading of every one the from which many thousand cords of wood speaker thought, "well fiis is tbe best paper have been taken and which is mournfully that has been read," They met associated with the death of our father,: people of classical education, and many opWe took different routes to and from this for the in culture ever3; portunities highest ancient, town, thereby- affording excellent she "could felt ."And have met they way to review this New of opportunity part them as they did, if they had notTbeen par- England after years of absence, we re ticularly blest .Mentioned- - the Rev'.7 Ida turned through Nichewaney and through Hultiu as a, woman beautiful in face and - J Mountains - k -- of 7rermemt;-aar- . --J lieve on aoefjtmt of the ..prefix to his 'name man in the place entitled dnvs illfi'ilp; or Uol, has' become too numerous to be rei garaeu wiiii any; - great d eg ret: of.- reverent veneration. Although this old New England Village more 'outwardly a familiar aspect, I fuly realized that thejife of days ".Lang Syne,'', no longer existed. The old had passed away, the young had grown old and grey and followed with generations that li ve only to murmur, "that. life, is but a dream 'soon told." I was a stranger, among a strange people; wewandered through the old. bury-iri- g . -- s - p -- Washington qjr the White Granite Moun- taiiis of Ne w Ham psire1 GreenIoii nta-in- w -- spiritT fterakinga--speeclnsh- e was re taiivuiyitt. yi iviurmuto. 11.11U. UllC- - JJi ev- ident of the council smilingly referred to "' her as the Prima.Donna. B. Anthony- was so kind and even x Susan motherly. She was ordinary and yet extra ordinary. She took an interest in all the speeches arid extended her sympathy. In the papers.' almost every snlMvas touched upon: Religion,- morality, dress reform, training of children, etc. Mentioned as prominent among other people Counters of Aberdeen, Lady Henry Somerse t, Frances Willard , Charlton Ed holm etc. Related an anecdote of the Florence Crittenden Mission. Told us how Mrs. E. B. Well's paper was so very well received. . 7M President, May Wright Se wall was pleasant and just.- Would corrrect anyone freely and pleasantly. Mrs. Sewall made beautiful . and eloquent extemporaneous speeches thereby showing her powers of mind as well as her presence of mind. After the Council the speaker" visited Boston, Cambridge and Plymouth and had been charmed by historical and : . other scenes. Mrs Wells felt those who had. the privi- Jege of attending the National Council had enjoyed an intellectual feast and superior educational advantages and must have made some positive - advancement along all lines of thought. .Referred "to the banquet ou - , - - -- ' ' , - ( " . " B . . 'i 