...! AVOMAN'.S-KXPO- though' we could nqt do without" it.-Wishing you success I remain yours trnly, feci as " IlAJiKii-- r . . :, - Now permit me to introduce to vou Miss - ' oiun i.. Ainnony. (applause) ' M. ICaki,. " " . KNT. N .... - : recognized this fundamental pririciuLe of the ( ngnt wojra' over a hundred that 61 ; years since our Reactionary Fathers- made rthe declara. on umc wmcu nave i 1C been honored the uy R N C E N A. W. S. A. CON tion that all men arc created equal, that , governments derive their iust ixjwer from ,IMK lie i speecn. the dount of lhe governed, that taxation, fnQ. ininxHKiory. CK iKKKNCi: OP Tlli- NAT I UN A I, AMKK1CAN n Cheyenne Gov. Richafds:!,::. other night without representation' is tyranny, is it not woman's tiuiri'KAGi: association ; hi:ii the made, ppeniilg'address..atV3i:presente'd remarkable that it has taken one hundred AV IT, AND AT SALT IAkK CITY UTAH.-,th e speakers. No West years to convince the men' that women 14. 195of this Territory has made the opening, ad 'were 'a part of all men who are created ot this Conference and I want you dress and that women are a part of the e(jual The Conference was called to order b; dear women to ask how it Jhappened Mrs. Ktnmehne B. Wells; president of the "my governed whose consent sjiould. be iven or that it be should those two with-helfrom the government, 'that--wNational Woman's Suffrage Association of States in which women hold .the , right men-atax payers have a right to represent Utah. Prayer was offered by Rev. in which women are 1 absolute! " tatioi, that to tax women withqut confer- that- power in one state, and with Mrs. Wells introduced the Governor of ring the tight of- representation was equally borne to the ballot' box the vote not have to women as to mein is it not re- Utah, Hon. Caleb W. WesU who weland State elections but at the tyrannous at City only markable that it has taken one hundred ; comed the guests. last general Presidential election absolutely years and more to convince and educate the ADDKKSS lV GOVERNOR WKNT. wemt to the ballot box and voted for the men of this nation that womeiiare apart President how it happened that woman's of the a of the men, part people, a part of Ladics And (tcntlemcn) enfranchisement is fully recognized that those whose consent should be given or I am informed that this is an assemblage this Territory in its organic law to be prewitheld in every government organization under the auspices of the National Ameri- - sented to Congress has engrafted in it this of the City, State and nation. "But now can'Woman's Suffrage Association. It. is primal idea of perlect equality of rights to this point has been obtained, this justice one of the four Conferences that has been women, civiland polttical, how it happened has been accorded in three of the States provided, for to be held in the United States that the highest pfficials of these two mouu- - wholly, and iii one of the states partially, the present year in the interest of Woman's tain States, should come to the front and in- they have municipal suffrage in the state of I am very glad to know that our troduceat'the meeting, or present the.speak- Suffrage. Kansas and in twenty-threof the states City and our Territory has been selected for ersata meeting of this sort. I don't be- they enjoy the privilege of voting on the holding of,this Conference. I think lieye you could have gotten "the Governor.1 school matters and in five more the question thAt it was' wisely chosen because in the of the State of New York or Pennsylvania of. equal suffrage is pending. This "quesConvention5 that assembled here during the or the Governors of any of the older states; tion has come to be discussed and agitated '. it have could believe month form the organic' law which I don't to you impressed in every possible, public assembly. past Goverof one of those minds the will make Utah one of the States of the any upon Vou can scarcely enter an educational conwould bean honor to him as vention it nors the that Union, moved by spirit of the people or a convention for the good of the behind them they wisely, justly and well as an honor to the audience or people different religidus denominations, a scientific judiciously provided that there should be to come forward and occupy this position. convention, a political convention of any no discrimination of sex in this new State. It is because the women of this Territory sort that the question of granting equal Therefore.it is meet and proper that those when it becomes a State are to be the rights to women is not uppermost. Lurfor is best it the that the of who agreed with our people upon this submen, equals ing the last two years there is scarcely a g in the the Conin in and Council here meet shtiuld position highest ject legislature that has not had this question ference to devise ways and means to furState to take this riosition. I shall never oi the extension of suffrage to women ther the cause that is so dear to the hearts" forget an incident wfhich occurred in Wrash and has had.a bill presented and of men the aftef.a last of many noble and women. majority year ington in many cases voted upon .it.- ' In most of to the had Colorado iroue Now upon this occasion I don't deem: it nf the State of therxasesniierriheill passed one house -".voted "to necessa ryo r prrope pTacelh e ballot. In I it failed to pass in the. other. In several of ha I sli on idinre mpr "baltorbbx aiid the bauds of the women of the Centennial !xthe states a bill for the submission of the to discuss the question I have not as I untr come to - meeting - our lipn ... CHf derstand it been, invited here for that puro A question has been passed by both .houses so (ivii mvitwi tjiaiv, and of every thatiu five of the states in the Union toWyoming every representative pose. The distinguished honor which was Colorado of State new the of done me in asking me to come here this representative day theXquestion cf woman's enfranchise- to the his bear to testimony morning is to present tQ this audience a was present ment is now pending. The legislatures of w Ul vouian who is known not only over our g Cat JJIIIlCipHvijuam; .ifsv, Oregon, Idaho, Nevada, California and to men audience the ted those nresen large Ahole land but- over the civilized world,, ai eai passed-- ! JJevJoiJci nai-ai- i .r TXfo o i it... it fi.. one who has devotetl this resolution so that the whole (uestiori, while that remark representatives the made in so ing life to the cause of her sex, and or the question of giving the right of suf-j- . of New York state entire the of others and doing of course hajs' devoted it in the hig frage to women is being seriously consider-- . for the last to inbeen Washington had of going es! sense to humanity. Now a word ed. So now you may say it is only a ques- adand of a appeals making I century am troduction here is Entirely uniiecessary quarter tion of time as some of our friends have sure: in fact Susan B. Anthony was known dresses before Congressional Committees as j been wont to answer us in the days gone by well as other large audiences we never yet and now the question has become one of a to the people of Utah long before it ever Con- kuew your humble servant and speaker. had such a delegation of members of yery. short time wdien every possible gather- i and women under the stars and Twenty five years ago as I understand Miss PTeSS aiJU IUC JtnawiJ ing v ic iu to the noiei pa Anthony paid a visit to this Territory. I senate come stripes and will discuss the question'. our to' York New delegate, to the J believe upon that , occasion she was preWhen such a splendid majority in your of the known I ever had nor Convention sented to its people by the distinguished Convention gave their voice of the whole delegation, f Constitutional . v.r. citizen who was then Mavor. who is now rpnrp;pntatives : from any other Jn favor of this perfect equal recognition dead, Mavor Daniel. H. Wells. Now then . Congressional delegation for the women of this country- 4 stand come iu mc I trust and believe that Miss Anthony has State in the Union to nave the: men of theTer to their; assertion .that they 'here congratulate to come with very pleasant recollections of, if the i, Ttryf'tXtalrtbTTrtni oMiguiyiyi-wuiuubelTeveoTTh her visitTlhatshe has returned to us: now equality hold the power I vast mass of the men who go to the ballot women ;c t nntil actually is a- matter of congratulation and pleasure, the mass of box in the Territory Of Utah had been op-- " that hands in their, ballot the of "and I trust that she upon this occasion will posed, to the enfranchisement of women, officials in each of the States rmd her. visit both government in this convention pleasant and profitable. . .. ,s if 'will even know that r then the representatives --. Ueah assure "those ladies who:; have corner win held during the last month wouia never n T r: uu, o visit us.that there is but little doubt that women area pan felt justified in having incorporated ili .have vou , - f , ot ....-- ' iviu .; upon all i. tu uiibiiuuioil tnlntp that splendid suffrage clause in the Con. whicn lias oecn mauc m 5"v ;r,ofi iembled UOs hall and which will be submitted to - this great Coide rence stitution, it is because the rank and file of the out oi states three that . T ., November nt' the and women of this Territory have nnr nnnlp l f in tne timionj the men j"v.yj"v virtually. consider youfState overwhelm-lelection, will be carried by an ..have been 'educated into the idea of perfect out of the forty-hvstales thicc wajority as it ought to be (applaud.; . ,. i i . Mtvtrfiv-di- hc For e - . " ' . . . ' , - i Wjto-ilayGoverr- - -- Hr ! . ' . , Inter-mountai- n - d of-suffra- s Anna-.Shaw- .- - ! - t . ; J I ; , i ; . e : . I " ; -- man-holdin- . un-discussi- on self-sacrifici- rt " ' ng - -- r ' I i 1 1 uriug-the-p- T-- ! li- j ' i uu u nr-rt- of-me- I s . I cuu-ventio- n -- - ! t- f . tL'ft.i X tort-DA; -- e, E e f i n 