V- . - K - oAlj ' CONTENTS: -- In Rural .EnglandA Story. R. Letter To U. W. P. C.-I- -liis Gratitude E. M. R. Sbipp. Mrs. Mary L. Dickinson Sleeted. Relief Society In The Early Days. LadiesSemi-monthl- y Meet-in- g Mary E. Irvine. R. S. Reports Bear Lake Editorial: ute of Love. Notes and News. (Republished by request.) ' - , ; .'' . . v - IN RURAL EXGLAND. . A Trib- - ' .' t Xo. . V Walton." ' ; XLIY . Lord Walton is at home and don't know how to pass the time his mother will not hear of his going on the continent, she is brooding over her sorrows, .broken down" in health, and would possibly consent to have Maitland go with you; perhaps she might even, be persuaded to go herself." "Thank you kindly gentlemen for your advice, I'll see whenT reach liome how things are and talk it over with Maitland and 'Lady ; 0 - k CITY, UTAH. JULY i, 1895. Rup.v Lamont. Obituaries..., Political Science Study. Editorial Notes. ... h . Come o'er her spirit? Alt have gifts alike-- All woman's gifts; and if sh- - dire to stray Or long for other fields or wider skies, Then whip her back with stinging cruel word andWayne Stakes. Woman SupL. of Schools. vuri nuen uromgoole On Silver. Woman Suffrage Column. LAKE - Burke replied immediately that v,the left the, colonies for was in good hands, the steward was Hannah R. M. 'he had a long talk with his cousin prudent and everything going on England smoothly, in Jane regard to his fatHer, though she in fact for the matter of thatk the income was careful not to reveal anything which was increasing, the outlaws almost insiir-- I WOMAN'S SPHERE. would wound his pride; she was wise and nificant. cautious, as she had always been, to avoid After VClair left the barristers' offices, A SATIRE. others "hemaking Burke ,an:I Hemenway . talked over the unhappy whatever she rself might suffer. strange turi things had taken since they Yes brother, she's a woman; see thou to it The colonies were in a pt;rturbed state, had first entered upon the of That she keep faithfully along the track, and there were manifest indications of the Sir Edward's affairs. "Its'inauagement likely enough, The beaten track of ages; be it narrow, said Hemenway, he'll marry one of the indignity towards British rule which subhat doth it matter if It is beaten hard, sequently resulted in open war and finally Greyson girls, they're older, bnt he is more And clean and dusjiess If.she move an inch. in the colonies declaring themselves indelikely to become attached to "a girl whoni This way or that, then might she serve thee the look-upendent; history of the Revolution 'is to, and it might be a sensible she might look upward to the stars, familiar to the American people, and there match; he'd stop thinking of Italy, and. And wonder at the greatness of the sky, is no need to recount instances here, or even grow more settled aiid even ambitious perPerchance to shrink beneath the load f care, the participation of "the characters in this haps, and I shuuld like to see the Hifliard's ' That makes' her field so narrow, wand'ring thus story in that great struggle, though they in favor again I remerijber hearing a great She might grow dusty with a higher, sense, were more or less engaged therein, especially deal of Sir Edward's fattier, its hard to beAnd thy wants be forgot! Instead of chords, Rob Harrison who fought valiantly,- and lieve that such good blood (" should n't show Of harmony, what harroweth now thine ears, his money as well. gave liberally a. somewhere." ' up A harsh, discordant clamor A shriU cry, Clair Hilliard had many regrets in leav"Well, replieil Burke," you do recall to That soon the gates.may open to the plan ing his cousin to whom he was fondly atmind the stories I heard when a boy .of the And let the cushioned prisoner wander free, tached, and cried like a child when he bade gaiety at Hilliard caste, and lo think of To change her fashioned nature for the wild," the children good-bySir Edward bringing up Conway and Edgirl of the wilderness! ward both Aggressive temper opened their eyes in earnest with only French governesses in the house, when Clair told them he was going. to Hil Ah, poor, misguided woman! . Keep her true! as I 'anf'by why he wasjioldJiot-as-olTrue to the same old path that all the days, liard castle to live alonenil4hev-tjmi5eseven years, well we snail see hovy this Her sisters have beat hard an dvet-witmamma" would conseut-'theifonnheif youngTeJlaw-adlLeondutearsy himself, with.his Lest eyes as grand as thine be dimm'd with dust, would come in a. few years when they had guitar and Italian 'songs; he'll make a furore . . i t Or crushing whips I scorn might bruise her white-" grown uigger ana couia riae and hunt, for among the women but ride after the e .: V ; v ': ness; they had caught at the stories they hounds; never! By Jove, when I remem True to. the mark! Let not. her skirts flaunt had heard of the sporting seasons in the vi ber how the old Baronet used to jump the round, cinity, of the castle, and which, they never ditches it makes me almost long "to leave And pass the bounds of social creeds and customs; wearied asking about, and repeating over to Londonrnd go up there each other, and the few playmatesAyith- Let not her curious mjnd unveilthe tomes, born mthat district, To read the secrets of God's universe; KyJicanhassoctated: Besides the Eng and one can't quite forget the green fields lish maids, who had come over with them, ' and 4erwfiornarierieln craveth not that she, sports. " told the children of their beautiful England, Should love or comprehend them to his glory, "Well, you see Burke L'm a Londoner, Her sweet.soft eyes, formed bat for love or tears until they fancied it must indeed be really a born and bred, and I like all this crowding Must never, sparkle to triumphant truth, .fairyland. - Edward, and Anna had been and pushing, and.living in a- whirl of ex Nor have they any need of widened vision, kept very close with Lady Walton, and citeinent, but I'm interested in the chase, that is when I read about it in the papers. Keep down the windows lesT" the gold, knew even less than Conway who had enThe verdant landscape or the gleaming stream, joyed greater freedom; but he too was fond I can't say however, that our young. BaroThe soft blue dome above, the fl ishing worlds ' of England in his own quaint fashion, net '11 ever amoitht to much, only to send Allure her soul to happy,. upward flight, thodgh he wanted to be loyal to the colonies, vvomen half crazy, same as his mother did And she forget her duty, past the mark. knowing how devoted his mother was to the men, but we shall see, Walton 'lido him no good, Jie's. run through- - halt his " own The dust would stain her spirit; she might think, the wilder scenery of New- England; Without thine aid or guidance; e'en to Heaven Returning across the ocean, Clair had an 'money and more, and would .His wife's too eventful voyage, and when he arrived he if we hadn't been after hi hi pre tt' She would aspired without thy.stronger hand, !' ' to knew what set about, he conYes, I know, but Clair mustrhave somescarcely Trusting, thejade! To Christ to lead her on in his sulted adsolicitors who London, Safely and soft through labyrinths of time, body and where is he to look for society; vised him to settle down in hisovvn county Rob Harrison has probably stuffed: him Nayt this must never be! Thy part to rule and see what prospect there would be for pretty well with" ridiculous notions and then Would be forever slighted; love would die, A long forgotten art; sweet childhood's smiles : Parliament, they were ambitious men :aud sends him afloat without anybody to look Orphaned of mother love, would soon" grow old; told Clair confidentially who could put him after him, he'll be easylnfluencedj far too in . possession of the needed information . easy I imagine." An artist mother would forget the babe VThis' and much more the two men talked That nestled, trusting, on her cold, hard breast "You remember going with young Walton ' to Greyson Manor in the hunting season, over together, and in their own minds Then keep her in the good old trusted track once and meeting a number of high bred they saw the picture of both Clair and Maitwhich the faithful women of all time land. But "man proposes and God disHave "walked so true before her, why should aristocratics, well, you're just in time now, be would ' advice our see and aid them, j poses," and though some things-ar- e go change, plain .. . . roETKy: woman's es-tat- Before Lamont F. The Future Conquerer. Sphere-Ru- . by Clair-Milliar- e d ; I j : . " - . . ; he-co- uld less;-For.se- . - - e. .thaf-beautifu- -- d Tt h y ct 1 1 ' .; ... ; . boy-lik- , -- -- aiulseeihe-fun-gaiftT-wHarrjTv'T- - out-do- or . . - sun-light- 's - , ; . j ' : . was 