KXt'ONlV "OMAN'S ' i, a: :r-- - : ii ; 1 ? rhrlcbhi eMerj:iOi It'SS::-- tv AVneh- - j f., 1 Oil '"IT; '1 OY t-- it.w;; . ' - - 1- . , sVwa.i4,tf"-hVr"i-:'0iidi- hoeO: ' it. i fc , ,i. ecn u.Ueut thcil watch brother -- .or sister ; - 'kbr. .S;wal!Suai;r-- .. UiU. uy.wuru Op's: t .1 ::ess aecom'uuu ;tnai. wnieu. tureuis .may hav-eievlanumi r und almost impossible the weaii ana wavwara, or smoounnir; me atli bf:inrswrtaiie''"0r it she le selfish.. a:id inditTereht to ;the interests . or those. with wliom she is associated; how much sorrow and heartache, she may, cause; and . . . . r : j i . wlieu . Shall-- day , thif57vTLlI! Shall ihipint'd? we ever, see tlienav wncu (tvienst'jc. w.m vm.'ti 'in, . n iifi'ti mil .n.iss ir m wnm" i .1. , i - 'iv V ens iiitiuuea the .Frvpy;vluia. Mrs.' sevcrul.wotn raUicuuriv. a- an:oa; the sc ,:Mdan:e5 May ; Wtihl hne tnd ' ..ytiiv'.vv iv.ot - What sis.tct.' it ,i lva-:it- ul -- a ,- a a.nd . hoi. - - WlCcnnvul the day arrive1 w lien. we will . he greeted by on fy . lien lanitat;e., be established? pine and elevatiii cniiariKP toniicience . co--n When! Oh when? are the millions i of teachers so, lame in bringing about that desirable condition? ;Avery,.; RtV. ,:Aina Shaw, Miry ,.L'6ri Such are the questions of the thinking ob'Mrs. IXivi Charles 'Dickirisori'; t. server. We hear' voices crying from al Sarah' Mink, Caroline E. Biiell and' many' instead of being a help and encouragement. Education! '.' ' '; others. Mrs.' Wells also "stated" that the her influence, will .tend to "discourage and sides Truly education will remedy 'these evils, 'Couiicil ih its entirety would make an epoch,, lead the weak and way ward from the path in the .history of 'woraaniirpassiiig:. any Of duty into.sin and shame. And what a but. what kind of education? .The thousother "assemblv of women that 4iaa ever ' joy and consolation to parents is a dutiful, ands of colleges and universities under been hr-lalso referred to thetime when loving, and devoted,, daughter. How she steady operation have yetjailed to give to .watches With tender solicitude their every us and to humanity at large, those desirable shejiad first gone down to. Washington all their eagernes's we only, by Mrs. Zina Young WilliatnsT interest and, tries with her utmost power to conditions.. In lighten mother's burden. of to smooth the see an increase in these evils instead of seealsp spoke of lier svere disappointment when "Aunt Ziha:" failed U come down to furrows of care from father's brow. And, ing them eradicated. Where then is the the Council, felt' Mrs. Young would have .if there should be younger, brothers and" remedy; .in the family, in the homei where made a good impression. sister, she Will strive to win their lOye and WThere husband esteem and set an example tlmt is worthy its existence beginning. After the remarks of Mrs. Wells refreshments were, served 'and the time spent in of imitation. Such a daughter - will'rexert and wile only beget cliudreii' as a result ot. ' . such an influence over all with whom she" admiration ; for the regulation of a divine social chat. until adjournment." comes in contact that will prove to be a Creatorr "When" the strictest economy is Lizzik S. W'ilcox, Uec. Sec. lasting- good to herself and a constant joy practiced between husband and .wife, in. reand consolation to her parents. gard to purity in language, in appearance and in action. And then there comes the sphere of wife. A PLEASANT REUNION. ' influence to Now to return where hood; who but the husband can realize, the prenatal influence 'the wife exerts over his being. the instructing should- begin. - Some say MAkCii the ioth being the 17th anniver"how?" Simply by reading good books,; And 'if she be a Avife in the truest. sense sary of Ithe organization of the Summit Relief Society, of. the Parowan. Stake of Zion-i- t' she' is ever Willing to smooth the ,rough and associating with pure and refined people' tViprrhv nrpv;pntinV tn vrmr rhild n nirtnrp was duly celebrated on the nth; complaces and share the many burdens of life. mencing 'at 2"p. m. The meeting was And if poverty overtake him it is she "who" ofgrandeur and purity, and just' as sure as endeavors to brighten the dull places and can be this Will instil into babe a desire for called to order by ' President I.ette Dalley. ' . Singing by the choir, prayer by Bishop make things which would seem almost; Duritv. On the other hand if you do not seek An interesting pro-- , unbearable to appear as only small trials. Joseph B. Dalley. But, should she be the .opposite and aleompany: that elevates arid ennobles you fall gramm&nvas rendered by the sisters of the Relief Societyinterspersed with remarks hy ways look on the dark side of life an cf be into that, kind of society which depresses" Patriarch James Dalley, Wm. Dalley, S, C. forever complaining, and fault finding, how. and destroys. And as it is good society Hulet and Joseph. II. Armstrong. An' soon would he partake of that spirit more that blesses it is better to have hone at all essay by Sister Susie Armstrong-- entitled or less or finding such a spirit. uncongenial Jhan mingle with bad companions, pure down or "'Woman's Influence," being worthy of" to his owir he would soon leave the place mmds aiid-- orals villTbe dragged" 4.-- ' close of to the should the have At most attraction for him lilted up according the meet that speciaPmentioru quality and character ' ' ' .'.'. find to of all wished Eette the wherever it could be found. ingOPresident society! Dalley pleasure local and visiting members of the Relief ; And lasvlput not least in the sphere of So mothers do be Jhe solecompaiijoiiof; can. be its your childMiists-4ongsT- bu Society with thei , husbands to adjourn to womanhooiiis that. holyone called mother. her home as she wished to talk to thefu. Wharsacrcdljviiie instructor in - regard, to laws that govern its .What was their inspires In whatever conditrou in life that body, especially the organs of veneration. There to flridjhree large tables spread with sacred name indicates one who is the ideal give a pure idea of them, teach that they the comforts of life of which seventy of the administering angel of our early infancy, were not given for the mere gratification of brethrenand sisters partook. "After which the comfort of our childhood, the guiding man, but for a grand purpose and point out all returned to the hall to enjoy themselves starof our youth and theprop and stay of that purpose just as grandly as you can. and in dancing, refreshments being served dur- our more mature years. Even in old age every cniid wut leel proud ot its mission. ing the evening. All. went home feeling men will look back to the time when kJMiii- - mvjtiis--i too aeu .that the day was one long to be remember- - mother's influence had savedhem-frouu-te-- tb "3peaTrtboys about if you feel that ed. A. M. Dalley, Sec have hepn tnVpri way procure books treating on this subiect had.it not been for her gentle aiid wise and place in their hands. '. I know of one And so a mother may use her ptcu tuis rr - vti1 i influence whether it b.e for good or bad and , her son with a book withpiaiianapresenxea compliments and-a- n WOMAN'S INFLUENCE. r the result will be expressed wish from her as his mother, according to the: seed she " : r has sown. that he read it carefully. She succeeded so Ty"':-" he : days of mother I;ve; m bo it is every phase in- life, ht our grandly that I never forgot it. W'oman's. influence has" for station or low rich or poor, bond or One point I wish to make high emphatic, that the ' advancement or retrogression of the tree, woman her . by influence a that man is, void be of virtues just as vile may people of the. eoftn. Even Eve herself is capable of much . no better toward .aud doing the than an unchaste woman. perfectan example- of iis, as through her in'of the human But let such a mango among- - rich ladies: family-ing fluence over Adam he partook of the forD. and Susie put on a polished appearance, and he is Armstrong. bidden fruit thereby bringing upon s at once recognized as a "gentleman." It the displeasure of the Almighty and, is .a false criterion that SOCIAL PURITY; causing what iscalled the fall -- of "man." on woman than on man. And so it has been from that time until the . Well my dear sisters this subject is so An ssay ritteji for the IV. II. pTr. present: Woman by her influence" has been broad and contains so many class Conference at Logan, Oct.. mqreoriesSiresrwnsib striking ideas, 20, iS9. were I able to portray them, but if we live of society. Let us follow the different What is. social Purity among as purely as we know how, and .rule our spheres and positions of a woman's life and the sexes. What purity? a desirable condition. households under such conditions,- - we can B. An:h',ayJ; Ra'elVioiier 'Iilb .'. . -- . , , , - - d ed . - L . . - ... - - ' - . 1 . -- : , -- . m . - ' -- rT surpnse-mOttamvin'- '. - tiiuiK-jjjjjaUrit- xt Unanv-mtssterMtrwm- iTd nfluence. -- " -- Ever-since-t- - -- -- been-manifest - . " them-selve- --- . ..' ' -- . 