s ' T"1' Jhr RighU of - the Women P. A lb: :..rr J.- - S. Women Should Work For State iuhial: rorTKV: Who Knows IH 'ls Lydia D. Alder. - Selected. Wedding WHO KNOWS. seed beneath the so In infant bud and bloom may rise;-- " Hut by the eternal laws of God It is not quickened till it dies. The leaves that tremble on the tree. Fall 'neath the stroke of autumn's storms; The-fruitfu- ' Hut by some mighty mystery, With spring return in other forms. As currents of the surging sea, From undiscovered sources flow So w hat w e were and yet may be life w e may not know. rr this-bii' ef But oft some unexpected gleams Of past and unremembtred years, Break through the doorway rof our dreams And some. familiar face appears ofT-shoo- . A kindred spirit lost awhile, cn ' . jul4he!iange;froW"deal hTcFhirtn, Whose eyeWd loving smile Recall some former scenes of earth. , ts Woodruff and him, also Presidents Young and Taylor. Poor old man there he is left with but a few, yet he feels that he is right. an Thursday 12th, 6 a. m. we took affectionate farewell of our friends in St. being And thus unconscious of the tie ' The mystic link that love creates Perhaps we see our ow n who die, In newer forms and other states. . . veyance for TW West where we pent a. most interesting time though very seriously reflecting, upon scenes of the past, we also called on Mr. Whitmer, a nephew of David Whitmer whose uncle was one of the three witnesses, to the Book of Mormon, Who received us very kiudlyliiinself and Wife, showing us their lovely home and surround, ings; our visit over we returned to Cjmjer-011where we took train for Galletin3rriv-inthere 9 p. in., next day i6thA we again loolr conveyance, visit Mill Port, then proDear sisceed on to ters could any one ever understand the feelings that we experienced while visiti"g these waste places of Zion; It is easier imagined than expressed, at this place we spent sev.ral hours meditating and praying, etc. Returning next morning, iytti. 6 a. m. we again take train for. Cameron a. hi. we a. m. and at arriving. take a very reluctant leave 01. our dear friends; our party having dwindled away until there were left but two cf us"; how ever we proceeded on our journey, taking. tor Brekenndge, arriving there train n a. tn. again taking conveyance lor Haun's Mill, but alas! every souvenir of the sacred spot is almost extmct; a place made sacred because- of seventeen precious lives, jmving.jeen sacriucea laere f remains buried in a well. O, the anguish of my soul while walking over that sacred spot remembering the widows and father less, they have done all in their power to obliterate every recogniiiMbejlace;-MrStevenson having visited it seven years agcomldje Adam-ondi-ahma- u. H-3- 7-- 30 0 - fr . No.-10- g -- ..Who knows we have not lived before - In forms that fell delight and pain?'' door If death is not the-op- en Through which we pass to life again? ' CITY. UTAH. OCTOBER 15, 1895. station we were met by nearly all of .the Elders in the Indian Mission, to say the least we had a very pleasant and profitable visit. in St John; having; spent five days there welcomed on every hand not only by the'Sainls, but also 'by. all not of our faith, with whom we 'came in contact. There are some most excellent people in that part of the vineyard and it seems to me there is a great work 'to be done; there are also laboring among them, some of the most noble of Zion's sons, faithful and true as usual. The new meeting house which was dedicated 011 Sabbath afternoon, Sept. 8th, is a monument of their usefulness, not only spiritually but also physically, to these yountr Elders who laid off their coats and and erected it, will the, put on over-all- s blessings be ascribed!. We, had a most excellent conference which has been written up to several of the papers also lectures and concerts in the evening, (occupying all the time) "in which the talent of our boys as well as some of our sisters were made manifest; being given on such short notice , nrPMntinn uvri of t,. t;,U our Elders being ill with chills and fever f which is very prevalent in these parts) and another due being taken ill was the only drawback to our pleasure; but these were all made better by the blessings of the Lord: for which we felt" to praise His" holy name, weanesaay evening weeancu uu Mr. Pinkerton the leader o( one of the of the true Church (from him have also dissented several others,) we had a with pleasant chat but while conversing him I could not help but draw the M-iji- e Vol - the: Utah Y. S. A. Iittle. K. S.. Repoit Cardstnn Canada me W. HatfS. Relief Society Conference An Open Letter From Dr. Elvira :. p. Wlls. Ct. vens Harney. Conference" NV A. VY. S. A. A Story. Notes And Ncwsv I." Rural England Ifrotii Nauvoo-- R W vf Zion and the Rights of 'the Women of all Nations. SALT LAKH CONTlvN I Q- j ! j - ! j , , . h)T6ugTieorlhe to 20 feet high, so that a stranger could not possibly tell where the Black Smith Shoponce stood; we, however, by seeking carefully, ioiind cinders' mixed in with the soil, where the chimney had been; r the people in that neighborhood which stands from 15 . I ' e r ha p sxyith everxJLycjepassed Tn all the ages yet to be, Our loved will come to us at last, As parted waters fit'd the sea we arrived 0 p. m uug we felt thankful for a night s rest, but alas! ,uh returned where we, took evening train for the weather was so oppressive that the rest ridge a. m. Montrose via Quincy, arriving was not what we desired. Next day 13th, our! io-'a. m..' 1 8th. an UllU viviiiK Montrose we us met Not wholly clad as they were seen Eldersour having three of However long before arriving I discovered 13 ock there we remaiueu When death unbound their robes of clay; the visited lemple ( from the car tindowsl that once beautiful But with seraphic face and mien time- holdine converse; also in of Nauvoo, then so dear to the Saints; city with to continue And souls that may not pass away. Divine protection voking .we on arriving we looked around. Montrose; time, Selected. a happy very it having spent there stood the steamboat "City of Nauvoo" visited otherplaces of interest their went oik ready to ferry us over the Mississippi River v sum Kansas LETTER FROM NAUVOO. ., 'h n it5eif to Lity, r.;as rmite an item to mer -vve took. conveyance, rode con T' Wells. divme btessings to rest upon them in . WUh a lthe.rest,tht rae for th accom dear reade Here we are in this, Uection My Dear Sister: labor to ci.ee delightful spot once so dear to the assigned r-- " ' Jhe t. ret urneaw oa n in the afternoon while walking about; about and children, Edward; ffi-ffiChurch had mnnv times when reading or hearing ' venson and wife, Sister Lyon and six .leave Nau voo. have P Wished in r my heart thatl conversations-tooivang. Elders, deft our mountain' home athen repaired to the; magnificent Court- - could visit that 'sacred spot of Earth,. but never for one momelitldImdiilgethe-Wednesday-Sept4th, 9 ami. on the UrP--m. tuuusc vidtpd there, ascenucu w T ' i' 1. im out a. ot really u, arrived in Denver on the 5th at nope seeing a grand Walking those very identical streets , the day taking 111 some ol tne siguis, wheaceWtopk cer ain J(1 Patriarch Fropllet the rest of tlie company meeting us there., rounding tram took beautiful we agam walked so many, many times; Denver 8 p. m., arriving in St. John took Uam for Lameror a we where soul I never could Kansas, Saturday 1 2thr 10 a. m:,' having City bad a very enjoyable trip with the excep-tivof its being so excessively warm At D-3- lb uivt-""-u- t wp 6-3- 0 a " - boyshenbadeemas tsur-partyconsi- ng-ot-iii- sti ife tii-KimbalLv- aer Steradi?. We-agat- . k very-pleas- 5 v ant v, 7- - .nt Ift -- W f?"" - cnth . ?T L wCto,s h.gyy .. -- n sneltS' A. uc.i. 1 t 