THE GENERAL R E LI E F RK of this noble band "of meiubers in that re-- . Washington D; C, will be of greai interest. .V mote locality; how the Lord had blessed On the. evening of the 18th of February, X' X CONFERENCE. them in this, and that they were eveii'stor.-- ' the time will be divided betweerx iug some grain though jt- - was really not a" man s foreign Missionary Union- of Friends vvTliK general conference of the 'Relief grain country. What they .have, laid up is, and the National Free fcapMUemsm's was held Salt the Lake iri Society Assembly ;sealed up in five 'gallon tin cans for that is Missionary jetyX jXi)&. latter organiza-th- e this. city, Thursday, October 4th, of women's .only way itcan beeptin thaM m Mrs. a. Zina at II. 10 I). XX: , commencing kuc apcuKci "um.ch siic sowcuc, uaving ueeu organizea in 1545, ' Ytiung, the president of this great organiza-- ; to attend Conference. Muvjuwcjraucri It will be represented upon, this occasion by M 11011, (presiding, rrie. attendance was large : Mrs. Olivia Viderborg, in' reporting Box two of its ablest workers and speakers.-Mrs- . from the outside stakes, and the reports were Elder Stake, made mention of the ScandinaXX Frances Stewart Mosher upon 'The " excellent; showing marked improvement m vian branch of the ; Relief Society in Brig-- , Ethical Adjustment of Woman'sHome and many directions, , and increased interest .in ham City and the goo'd work the sisters'had: SociologicaF Duties", and Mrs. Emeliiie the work of this benevolent society. done in emigrating from Scandinavia Burlingame Cheney, upon Practical Christian j The president m ade an' " The 'reports from all the giving.!' address oj welcome, "congratulate Stakes were certainly encouraging and almotherly X Mrs. Eliza C. Armstrong, who. will speak sisters the ing upon the prospeity ftiit had most all wer,e- desirous- - of Wiping forward upon "The Relation of Religion to Public in and the the labors attended their past various home kinds. The of Duties'.'-ienterprises " known among the Friends as one hopeful' outlook for the future. X Referred to general teaching was in the, line of home of their very, best speakers, . the prophecies of Josepli Smith concerning work such as silk raising, straw, braiding ,XI Tuesday; evening, February 19, will be , the society at its first organization, and that and helping in whatever possible to advance As-occupied by the Woman's many of his prophetic sayings at that time, the prosperity of home manufactures and sociation of the Universalist Centenary Church and by had already been fulfilled. institutions. The actual - work the Relief the National Council of Jewish Women. Mrs. Ann G. Woodbury, in reporting Stt Society has , accomplished as a whole is The "Centenary is 'many years old, the v George Stake, .. made special mention of v wh'0 those familiar not are by ,wjth Council of Jewish Women is an outgrowth sericulture, and the success this industry the details; and the many obstacles that of the World's of Representative might have in that -- locality if. the "people the sisters have to encounter especially in Wpmen of the Congress year. Exposition Sister localities remote from .. would- persevere in" the' enterprise. : ; headquarters. Hannah C. Bentley" had raised this' year 212 universalist; will It is impossible to mention all in a brief s an address iiayneson "The Relation of Re, pounds of cocoons of good quality, and the notice .but the objects and atms of the give to Public Duties." and "The Exact could succeed, as Society being "similar speaker felt that others one can ligion throughout, ' Attitude each of well with the same energy and diligence of the. work from "the report of a few Denominations of the Leading Religious "X X- - forjudge toward Woman's Growing - much had. been done m . Xl past years, with , of the Stakes;' it was quite impossible even Service in the Church' ' will le treated by a . r .very little encouragement. briefdo the were hear though .speakers not yet decided upon. Mrs. Aun Pulsipher gave a '.very satis- - from all there of speaker sessions were three though Some fine subjects are upon that part of ' factory report of the 'branches in Emery. the. Conference. Xi Stake and said though they had not tried to The afternoon meeting, was much more the program occupied by the Jewish Couu- OUCldl VIA, latlJUlti , VUllUUUUb Jl ic- raise silk, they were exerting themselves to numerously attended than the raojning-an'XX:. A'. establish a small woolen factory, most of the time given to reports from far ligions" by Miss Sadie American, Secretary of the Council of Mrs. Mary Teasdale gave a most v . off Stakes," which were very interesting; be- "l account of. the sisters in Mexico, ''. philanthropic work Jewish Women; The F unction of Women .1' cnantabie and tne siaes iu Religious Life" and "Greek and Hebrew they'have six branches in' that countrj', and demonstrated of the sisters, reports on Christianity and many difficulties to encounter unknown to it is noticeable that there is also a spiritual Civilization" to us who live, in the United States;, they by speakers whose names are and progress wrhich is very gratifygrowth not announced. yet are doing primitive work in carding and ing and without wliich the sisters could not .spinning, and one ward is trying to make labor as they do for the, uplifting- of hutnau-ity- . some cloth, and another is engaged in dairy At the close of the afternoon sessioif will be equally interesting, the. first being j r 'work'.-X Sister M. Isabella Home "spoke in the gift given to the Formal Opening of the National 'r f The native sisters require muchteaching of tongues, the V nvas given by Council Triennial, Presentation of Delegates, interpretation .and has to be learned in order Presideut.2ma .D;4IXroungrthe effectrwasi110 to giyejhemthejneces X thrilling throughout the assembly; and the associations not in membership in. the Coun cil. Tuesday. MoYmiig. will begin the sesrequires great patience aud persevermeeting closedby singing that 'telling do. must to and have one the.desire ance,' hymn, "The Spirit of God like fireis sions in which the time will be largely given gfood to others to accomplish much towards which was in itself like a bene:x to free discussion by the Members of the burning," 'I Triennial, each subject for discussion being lifting them to a higher jnoral and spiritual diction from on high. t -' . : r standard. There was also an evening session similar presented formally in half hour address by a ; Juab Stake was reported. by Mrs. Rebecca in character to the other meetings though a' specially invited speaker, . The topics of. V 4 Udall, as the president, Mrs. Mary Titeh- - little mofe time was devotecXlajreneraLin-- - TiiPvtivixflrf "The Tnflnpnpt nf 'Wnmp'n iti ' Xforth, 'was not welt enough Ho aUend.4i- e- struction tvorn the;, president. 'Much regret Bringing Religious Conviction to. bear upon eonlerence: "Mrs. udall borex a stroiiLr was expressed for the absence of Counselors Daily Life" presented by Mrs. Minnie D. testimony of the. truth of the GosKd; said Jane S. Richards and:Bathsheba W." Smith, Louis, who spoke vso ' acceptably at the World's-Congre- ss she had joined the Church in France, her who were not able to attend., of Representative Wonative country, when only thirteenyears men, and "Woman's Mission to the Church on account of the illness of her sister, old upon her own responsibility, and like and Sister Smith, because, of had a as Minister and Missionary " by Mrs. Eliza having many others she had left all for the Gospel's fall recently, which oblig;edner to remain at C. Armstrong. V Each of these'Hopics will sake and rejoiced to be one among ' this xJiome for the present the injury is' be discussed forpne hour, exclusnxof the though ; ; "r .S:. people. not serious. The spirit of the conference time occupied : by the main addresses Mrs. Minerva W. Snow gave an excel- was excellent and must result mentioned throughout lent report of Sanpete Stake and of the in great good to those who ate v' Rachel Foster Avery.. engaged in diligence of the sisters in all the various work of this great benevolent society which .labors pertainiug-t- the society, but especialis spreading its branches all around the vorld ly in the efforts" made to store up grain and upon the islands of the sea, wherever Mrs. Susan B. "Anthony and Mrs. against- a day of famine. the Gospel is preached, and there are local X a Mrs. Augeline HinClcely gave pleasing branches of the Church organized, there the CarrieTCiiapman Catt will-hol- d a series Mrs. account of Millard Stake and Ann E. . Relief Society becomes needful and is a .help of meetings in the South, in advance of. ' ' Arizona mentioned the coming National, Woman Suffrage ConLeavitt, of Maricopa, and a blessing. X the good work among the Lamanite sisters vention at Atlanta. E. B. Wells, Secretary." They will visit Lexin Papago ward, and that the Relief Society Ky., Memphis, ington, and Louisville, ' had purchased a' buggy .andharness for the . WOMAN'S NATIONAL COUNCIL. New Orleans, La , ; Jackson , Miss., Tenn., labored had for twelve wnoo president,years Birmingham , Ala., and other cities, in almost constantly anipng these Indian sisTo women working in lines of missionary each case by the invitation of the ladies in ters; she also told of the Relief Society hall ' effort the first two days of the Triennial that place. The tour of meetings will bebuilt at Mesa City by the untiring "energy of the National Council of Women at gin withexington, Ky. , on Jan? 9. Ex. S OC I , - ' it'-"'"'-'- ' S" .UmSui'i ; , ' -- ,.- : , -- s , ' . " . : fifty-two-persons- : .;- :;: -- ' 7 ; - s : - -- " ; ; not-realize- d - , - . :. . Kevv-uorenza -- . ' . . ; ' j. ' d Cor-respondi- ng , ng . . by-th- a e -- Genius-Influenc- e, '' - . - ; - , ''.. -- . . " ge the-langua- m reeungs-oi-rraternat-ieiegatefriro- ..." -- . ' : r - ' - , 1 : . 5 ' . ; . i . .Sister-Richard- -- -- s . , . o - . - . - - . -- "'-" 