.t MPS ... Vol. n:umnl 24; -- pin Open L:ittT CONTKNTS: 1' -- m.-y, Ei'iTOKiALi-Stateh- ood ' First.-Editoria- October K. HAV. CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER -E- xponent, I s . : , On the mountain' side and hills are sten The blazing sumach and'maples red, And a host of trees in their brilliant sheen, Siiimmer above where the flow'rs lie dead; And a plaintive voice in the soJjbWjfeWr 0 1 alt Nali,ons. No. y.' 1895. took the excursion lioat and reached Nauvoo about 4 p. at the 'Up'pejrXajin Fifty yef htidTSasecTsiuceTTaid my parents here to rest. A family of five were then left and soon scattered, thousands of .. miles apart, . I hired a horse aiKl'carriage and called oik Phiiieas Kimball, brother-in-laof Sarah M. Kimball, of this city . He invited us to come to his' house and make our stay after our drive. I will here say that" in all my life, I have never received a heartier welcome, and been treated with greater .Hospitality, than by Mr. Kimball and family. His hoirie is roomyaud supplied apparently with every needed luxury; AJler a couple of hours sightseeing, the HoFse being tired with having been worked all day. the driver remarked, "There is no use of hunt' ing for graves in a corn field." So I discharged the carriage as we arrived at the south west corner of the Temple Block. Here is located a drug store, into which we" went for my brother's relief. As lie was weary, and his memory failed him he: could "not aid me, and I left h'un here till I could locate the spot where my parents lived and died. I. found the place on the corner of d Rich) and Ripley St. .(the- east end called walked from the. Commerce.) After and Temple Block, east, across one south, to this spot, and return ;d I "found my brother engaged in a lively chat on politics, his favorite theme, in which he ' keeps himself well posted. Although I I felt had that located one weary. happy " land mark. Sunday morning, June 20131x-1-- 4 m ba1iSa1d7' Voti leave you r brother here and take my husband and the carriage, and he will drive just where you want, and you can hunt all you like for those graves." We drove to my first laud "mark. Here my ; 7 . ney. Monday June ijth.'at 7 a. m., I left Salt' Lake City on an excursion train of inclining-chair-car- s to Council Bluffs by TJ. P. Railand was to return, from the Missouri way River by the D.. &-G. Railway, I arrived at the Bluffs after two days and one nights's travelr Havine thus crossed these plains three times by team, and three by cars. This was the limit of 'my excursion ' . ". They bloom as bright as the gayest flower; And we gaze and wonder, so proud they seem While passing away like' a summer dream. . tht Women . . R. grand in its flaming red, Lighting the hills with a wondrous glow; Though the beauty of summer days has tied, v And the autumn winds begin to blow; The frost has nipped the fair, That we nursed and tended with so much care. The beautiful vines that climbed so high, And hung so graceful on wall and tow'r, Are changing their colors, for ere they die, - DirxirTREad j; h softhe Woman's your Editor has requested me, to some details of a 4000 miles jourgive you OCTOBER. flow-'ret- of- " Autumn, The sunset is , -- -- Notes l The woods and the fields ard the golden raih Of the mellow and brown October, And the purple hills, and the furrowed plain, - Brin;r the days so sad and so sober; Vet the sigh and moan of the falling leaf, To the pensive heart is a sweet relief. - Mnj jle liigkfo AN OPKN LKTTliR FROM: DR. KLVIRA STEVENS BARXEV. roru Dr. Klyira St vens Bar A Brief Historical .... Congress'of Women. SkctchEmmeline B. Wells. Confere'rjN-A,-Vr-- Sr A Extracts KsteHftmnat Woods' National American W. S. A. Notes And News. Poison h7 The Woman's Con- Cure For rrsv Obituaries. Pokthy: 7(Vj SALT LAKH v " ' . - , w Tv j ticket. ..;.....:::. I Tuesday iSth; expected to leave on the evening train after getting lunch, ticket and' checks. I had forgotten to take into con--sideration. as I was travnl was necessary to watch the depot time, instead of my pocket time'fwhich was that of Salt Lake City. I was left about an hour in the lurch. I telegraphed, "Got left, come next train." This was no loss for one needs a. good night's rest after a thousand miles travel, and I got it. Wednesday. June 19th, fresh and happy I started for Grinnelljowa on th(e Rock Island Road. About sunset within two miles of there, we found a freight train ahead with a, smashed up engine, waiting for another one to draw it off the track. By this delay we, were unable to makeconuection. What a blessing in disguise! To sleep nights, and travel days. Nothing better. Thursday, 21st,. I took the Iowa Central for Fremont. I was met at the Depot at 2 , - j 1 to-ine- ,- . - v . . w - -- . , Ara(thenorth eiul-calle- -- - five-squares- . -- husband; and had a four miles ride to their farm: There I found four boys, and two And "what remaineth to tell the small girls happy to be acknowledged by story Of the radiant flowers and summer their aged grand aunt, Dear Readers, I can days, Tecollection was aided by some supernatural When the earth seem'd crown'd in robes of glory, Jell you that as I seated myself at the tabls And the song of nature like hymn of praise, with these fine looking, intelligent childTeiv power. We went east then south oh to Trembled along the verdant land whom I realized "were my kindred, it was a Parley St. then east nearly to the end of IliisJejiced-p-s4R- el, abuuL a "nnTeaTid a .And echoed afar on the ocean strand? happy Inoment of mv life, Friday, 21st, in the morning crossed half, or two miles from the Temple Block. "Why the harvest rich in its golden sheaves, Skunk River tolhe other branches of the Says I, "Mr. Kimball there it is in yonder And fruits the garden and orchards bring; family. Here I was greeted by a family .orchard.;' This spot I afterwards learned And the lesson taught by the fallinggathering, consisting of my brother Carlos had been occupied the 4U1 of July '1853, as leaves, That will live again in the breath of Spring; Stevens, seven years my senior, and his a camping ground for a general .holiday And though thedays are so sad and sober, wife, they were both very feeble. Their celebration; later, a corn mill had .been There's beauty and grace in brown October. daughter Jennie Brown, husband, and two erected there; afterwards a carding machjne.v E. B. W. girls, the youngest of whom constantly the n.a grape vineyard; and then an orchard trees. Here I brought my brother, clung to my side, his daughter Ida Sullivan, of large and husband, and two girls, and a very and he was obliged to admit that I was cor Miss Helen A. Whittiek is to of those that had little bovJ named after his, ..trrand- - rect, -to the astonishment hriaht repre. t .1 IT ItTI sent at Atlanta, at'Gov. w uai couiai say, pni mat, tne Greenhalge's in- father. The entire families both sides of aiueu Lord helps those who help themselves. stance, the Colonial Committee of Mas" the river, number sixteen.. sachusetts women who have sent a rich For the sake of brevity, I shall have trH; This drug store referred to on the Tem-omcollection of relics and souvenirs of our much that might be, interesting, of the"1 pie Biock, was built in the earJyLfiftieSr-b- y colonial days. Miss Whittier has for some domestic visit. I had been- - the Icarian Society for a school house. I portion have Nauvoo, haVe'alilcetcTi of the? r houses, and the Tern- -' pianning-t- o JrsJje4heproprietorndctivrnana Xerof.a. large cotton mill at Lowell the 111. with me, to find my parent's graves, pie ruins as then existed. The stones of Whittier Cotton Factory. She. Now it seemed providential, that an ex- - the walls, were taken Jxom the walls of the . building a new mill at the South, and in- - cursion train was to leave the next day. for Temple, many, of .which ..have - been used ttnds that the. product of her Southern mill Nauvoo. My brother said he was too lor similar purposes, and freighted up and shall be of the coarser and cheaper fabrics, feeble to go, but consented Saturday 22nd, down the Mississippi River, which can e made there to good advantage, at five o'clock a. m; My brother and I . Many of the more ornamental stones of with inferior help, while the head looms in started, and arrived by carriage at the depot the Temple, I was told, were, lying in a lot .Massachusetts are exclusively occupied in time to go with the excursion. At 7 a. in the eastern part of the city, and might ' ith the finer grades of manufacture. m., we arrived at Bu rlingtou a"t 12 q clock )k yen:4esirable as relics, As to the Tern. -- MingteTn.s tones with the passing breeze. l- - ' ! -- . - . i 1 V . 1 1 . , it of-m- - y my-brother-- visit well-know- n 1 " y ' 