WOM A N IS KX it)N IvtfT Hi j office'loving men those-sam- e, ' hold ' ihr-jMta.- : 'k,get and 'joyed the remarks of aUto-nigh- t speaking for them the sisters are awake to the Relief Society work, the principles of truth and the youth of Zion and in the unity and in the harmony; the world will follow your examples. Sister Woodbury felt to endorse what President Smith had said she' felt that we should have equal rights with men. Sister E. S. Richards spoke of the building which we ought to have and so on, mad other remarks; we have had many suggesons made , here, we are a blest people, we want to establish ourselves I beg your pardon for taking the time. Singing, Doxology, dismissed withprayeri E. B. Weli.s. . - - - c. The regular monthly meeting of the Woman's Press Club, was held in the Utah Woman s Ex ponent Office, July 31st,.' Ruth M. Fox pre 1895, siding. Opened with .prayer by Mrs. Pluebe C. Voung. Roll call answered with sentiments from John RuskinA A let ter and a poem fronTvJesident Ellis R. Shipp, M. D., was read by the secretary. A motion was made and carried that the secretary answer the letter, sending love and appreciation from the club. Honorary pres;dent E. B. Wells then read a beautiful original poem, "A - Voice from the Moun, Vice-Preside- -- nt -- ' tains." AsDr.R. e-- hii 1 v i ttil i i s v id n i tya re of B.. Pratt, who had been ap- pointed to lecture on the Single TaxiQues-tiou- , was absent, Mrs. E. BWelklreadji- iettefoliiXaTrit Chapinan Catt of. the X. W. S! A. outlining a plan for a course of study on government. To hear the pamphlet gave one.a desire to be familiar with the forms of government. The program for the next meeting is Answer to roll call with sentiments from Mrs. Dorathea Felicia Hemans. The Sin- .gleTax Romania B Pratt: Uie of Kimballi Edith Rossiter. Poem, Mrs. E. B. Wells. Song, Miss Pearl Russell. Meeting adjourned until Aug. 31st. Dismissed by Mrs. Lydia D. Alder.' h. S. W ixox, Secretary. ate . 1 11 all of Salvation. . here; are located important Salt everything " ' Mines. ". .vVTraveii.ni from lier wholeduty, by such contemptible twaddle,. Brother Robinson, from 'Wayne Stake was a little anxious to meet with some of our brethren and sisters from his home; en- -' U. W. P, ; 1 V'; 7-- r Minutes-pt- he i r afternoon '.. session oi tne,prcvious eouiereucc rca.?, T he i Q t h- and appro'i et reiorte a. A letter from btsteilmn'S.v:ri her as First . positioty Taylor resigning ' ' ;) tiFWatpWrZ; -- - are at once and color 'ihenistic-;OUtimc It ing of the surrounding mountains. one raised in.Utah has a Counselor In the organization of the ReTiei seems to natural or instinctive love for the dear old Society of the Salt Lake Stake of Zion, was mountains, there, is a jecuh'ar. charm about read by. the Secretary, also a letter, of res those in the vicinity of my early home; to ignation from the second Counselor Helen ..;.me they seem as old friends ever faithful Mar Whitney. to President M, l. Horn, leit "and true, constant aiid unchanging, and when in a new country my eyes enjoy these have to perform so unpleasant a task, for. n Sisall knew what good and ruggcfU formations. I study, their physical arrangement, their history and origin as I ter Taylor and Sister Whitney were, but am wont to study the characteristics of new Sister Taylor has long been overburdened with" her many other duties, Sister acquaintances and friends I make in life. so we love has whom for dearly, But I imagine you, my dear friends, at Whitney in been health such a that the present time more absorbed with the poor long time burden office a her. has Vet been upon political phase of woman's career than with the are of the duties the I society constantly in literature, poetry, or art, and trust that in the near future the great problem will be oreasing and I feel I must have help. solved to youj individual satisfaction and Therefore as it. has been moved ani seconded these resignations Ik? accepted I for our mutual benefit. submit it to you. The' motion received a In the meantime please push on' the inAnd a vote ot thanks terests of the club! and find in it joy, satis- rpathetiojesponse. faction aiid continued progress. were, tendered to the Sisters for their faith'I' With kind love to all lam as ever yours, ful labors. President-A- . M. Camion spoke of each of Eu.rs R. Shi pp. of praise, f the sisters iut he highest terms and ielt that none could have more ability R. S. AND P. A. to hold this office, and that President Home would not be able, to get any one to do as SALT much as she does herself. There are so whoare competent, one person should The regular quarterly .conference of the many be overburdened with offices. PresiSalt Lake Stake Relief Society was held in hot dent Home said she had made this" a matthe Assembly Hall June 1 5th; 1895. Pres and had chosen Sister Annie ter of identM. I Home presiding. Present on T. prayer Hyde as First. Counselor and Sister the stand of the Central Board, President Clara C. Cannon as her Second Coutiselor. Z. D. H. Young, Counselors Jane S. RichSisters ards and Bathsheba W. Smith, also Mary They were unanimously accepted. a willingness Ann Hyde, President R. S. Sanpete and Hyde and Cannon expressed to accept the office and do all they could to Sisters Lucy W. Kimball and Maria AV, Wilcox. Meeting commenced by singing advance the work of the society. Presidents C. W. Penrose and J. E. Taylor gave some "Now Let Us Rejoice in the Day of Salvaand timely instruction as did also tion." Prayer by Lydia I). Alder; con- excellent Z. D. H. Voung and Sister Lucy tinued by singing "O! Say What is Truth. " President r .t KixuhaiiijBisier H.'.i.-.- f it... C. Cannon were set apart as Counselors to vious conference read and approved. PresPresident M. I. Home in the Relief Society ident Home was glad to see so many present and wanted to see them come close of this Stake of Ziou'by the Presidency of the Stake. , together, tire1 spirit of the Gospel was to The officers of the Central Board of the draw people together; it is necessary for us Relief Society, and also the officers of this to.pass through trials that we may become Stake were. presented by the Secretary, and perfect; we should . wake up to our many Thf heartily sustained by tlios? prent duties. The suffrage has now cometflms and wittrit new duties. We uuisTnot; be "Secretary also urged Secretaries to bindifferent to those privileges which will prompt in sending'in their yearly repo .... immediately after June 30th; and also bring'to ourselves a better government. Verbal reports of the different wards were take the Exponent,' whereby7 they mu.it t then called" for. ist, 2nd. 3rd, 4th, 5th, be kept in touch and familiar with A'omen were doing and what they Would 7th,8th, 9tti, 10th, nth, 12th, 13th, 14th, be expected to do in the, future. 15th, 16th, 17th and 18th were all reported Conference closed by singing, Doxology. as doing well.. , President Home urged the several Prayer by bishop Samuel At wood. branches to pay up their dues, would not Margaret A. Caine, Secretary', i continue the reports longer, as all would like to hear President Angus M. Cannon. V UN KERVILLE, NEVADA. President Cannon felt pleased to see our Editor It is with pleasure conference so well attended, and had been we addressExponjjit: a few lines to you hoping they much interested in hearing the reports will meet your approval and .. thinking it given 01 tne.work of some interest to" you to know ent branches. Urged the Sisters to oress "unguThe we have a Relief Society organized here and for wa rd and be' fai thful i n per fo rming t h'?ir in good running order. We have our duties. ' Meeting closed by monthlyjestimonymeetings singing ,ilrd-l- fe much loved little paper is read with pleasmiss Us With Thy .Blessing." Prayer by ure. We hold our meetings on Fast Day President A M, Cannon. in the afternoon and generally have a very Afternoon session convened at 2 p. m. attendance. Sister Mary Bunker and good Meeting commenced by singing "Our God take the myself Exponent together, and we me-an- 1 southward 'we . . - y . , . : - - very-sorr- WP. ; C. Wiixow Bend, July, 30th, S95 Dear Friends'. Life ; seems one endless contradiction of itself.its pendulum swings continuously from one extreme to another. Thus w'hen L wrote you last the far north, now; I am drifted ,to southern climes, so far, "in fact, that I find myself at this writing, unable to join-mylittle band, : , I-v- vasin at our regular gathering; . This is a beautiful little oasis, a green spot in a wilderness, as it were, the regions round about being of red clay, even many . . noble-wome- I , , . ' . LAKE-&TAKK- . : . i w;-a- : i ; y -- . LETTER TO U; . Ra i.:ifllH-i'l3ister4UcV--Kimboffered a very leautiful prayer:. Singing T,X(iw Lei Its Rejoice in the Day le s.i fiie and have a barren a ppea puce.--w i th out vegetation; hut as 4we find g'iwd in s u ifrageAtteadfice lovin g", o like seek iTVgT I fjtt i ; office. .monopolizing men have tried to color .lVighten theiir fromeelcing their right thereby, 'possibly," lessening the chances for '6 being-douen-thUf- lW . in-whic- hour . . 