7 ... i V x - womXx.s olutely necessary; there.iire- - KX1H)NKNT. tricks" in alT the end, and 'receive ihe reward of thV -- Her testi niun Vr ,ang, w.nui'is ugnt; iueeung a jouined for. two weeks. ' Closed "The tjme is far spent ' ' Benediction ' ...... " ..:,'. , ' 1). Alder. . L.v I.).. Ai.Di.Kv Sec. jiro-jpii- . : r ' SihleiL Ra wlinson , Ridded I - Sister Sarah M Kimball, "I feel pleased gone entirely out of fashion, none but very to be able to stand beiore .you for a short .peculiar people think of .uch a thing. time. While- - sitting here, I have thought . Prayer is not needed in "politics, God has of our dear Sister King, who used to meet nothing' tonta with it,. He uo longer holds here, .he safd. she: ached to the destiny of nations in the hollow of 'His spirit, I too have, come to in; "" AGRlCULTrRAL pOLLFGH OF hand Indeed, I fear that were it possible go very often to meeting,, yet I have much ' UTAH. for Washington, the ' immortal father' to be tliaukful for. The Lord has been ''fit our country, to be discovered in good to me in my lifer I am peaceful and ; this day and age of The world, fervently have a comfortable spirit. v Logan Utah, July 23, 1895. so e before much so is of in the much aid. us, There for divine the guerdon praying Tv the Commissioner of' Educa'tiii not require American armies he wguhl be the subjectof done, yet our Father-does' Wiishinvtoii D. C ridicule. But instead of prayers we "must more of us than we can do. We are here A . r bow and scrape and smile and flatter and. in this mortal existence, movifig on God Sik:- In accordance with the require., sometimes even buy ourselves into public sees us at'all times, yet we cannot always ments of an act of Congress of August, 50 favor. Shame upon such actions. Well understand-th- e Spirit, nor comprehend" lcScjo, I submit herewith' a report "of the. did the Savior understand such people when Him. I think we might be more,diligent, condition and progress of The Agricultural he said, 'ye are a generation of vipers, for, more humble. Do the best we can then we of the 'Utah during College past school inwe The nearer of Him. which are like whited are unto ap accepted sepulchers ye' deed appear beautiful without, but are proach the condition of the Spirit in us, the j':year. The year has been a fairly successful one within full of dead men's bones and all better we will be, May.. ve,always be able iii' College work and in the patronage'and So I say women to .the to acknowledge the hand of the Lord," uncleauness;" encouragement the Institution has Sister Z. D. H. Young: "It is like a public ' rescue; women to the front; join with good . received. so to tell see me man to my .heart, men, and let you there is no. your faces, The attendance of students for the year is and all the but increased what good .knowledge by reached a total of 560,. as compared with a stronger sisters.,. We have great with a brave, true woman by his side, reading, especially the Book Of Covenants. totai'of 264- for the preceding year. The neither are brave men numerous enough to We cannot bound thework we are engaged average age of all students, during. the year fight the battle' alone. Join with noble in, I am tliaukful that we have a part in was 19.4 years, as compared with an aver men and clear this, broad earth from cellar this work Why we sometimes feel so age age of 1 8.. 8 the previous year; Two to garret, let .the work, roll on, and the hungry and sometimes so feasted, I lynow were "graduated with degrees: one in word go forth' that women will neither be not, only that the Spirit goeth Where it pupils and one in Civil Engineering. bribed ia.r persuaded from the path of duty listeth: We need the spirit of the Lord Agriculture,ast year there were four, t This falling off but once knowing it, will do it or die. Let daily, then He will open up the way before have been due to the strengthening of her conscience go into politics as it has in us. Our trials are for our good; but when ,may the required, course, of study over that of her home so shall. she carry the white ban- we are passing through them, we cannot i the year previous. For the ensuing year, ner of purity and liberty, casting her ballot see the light, but when we can say in our I at all times for the best good of all mankind hearts, "Thy will, be done" we are near to the courses ha ve been still further developed Ihe most important until there shallbe "a new heaven and a victory. I have heard President Young and strengthened. in the curriculum is that the first new earth and all things old shall have bless the Relief Society, now sisters if you change two years of all - the. r course for R. M. F. are not enrolled,- you cannot get the blesspassed away." male students are now" identical, as shown ing. We want to stay here in this world in the catalogue on page 11. The first two and labor, as long as the Lord wants lis to. for lady students are the same as those difference when our turn years will make no It '.LADIES' MEETING. years for' young men, except in shopwork comes to go. God bless you all." and in of the mathematics, which Sister Martha Barrus, testified tliat we are Ladiks Meeting, held 'in' the Fourteenth replaced, in the ladies' course, by corRelief who to the. .do receive Society belong Ward, July 27, 1S95, President M. I. responding worl more suitable for women. Sis-- , blessings. Also bore her testimony Home presiding. Meeting opened by singThe first, two yearscomprise mainly those '' in these ters' are white. Who arrayed sang" "O the etc. Jesus ing, Giver," studies with which Prayer by Sister Sawyer Snow, felt encouraged, and general- culture Counselor Iv. Stevenson. Continued bv educated person lsexpected to be desired to pressorTiif the work. ,TU, what truth." is say famibar; while the last two years of each singing, Minutes of previous meeting read and " Sister Sarah Kimball, here referred to some course are composed largely of, technical meetings held in the early days and spoke study in the approved." Secretary, Sister Young not bespecial lines of the' course ing present. Sister L. D. Alder, called of the gifts of the Spirit that were poured chosen, but without wholly excluding the out. Said she would like to see meetings ' to take the minutes. culture studies even in. these years.' President M. I. Horne, felt glad that she like those now. This that departure is based upon Sister Sarah Phelps bore a fervent testiwas able to be present to - day, as she had the r educated or man' .woman as such, is been away for some time. Said she had mony to the the truth of the work, and fitted for the 'duties oiifehaTr4s-the-i n the gi ft ...... T 1r concluded 31i II L. .11111 i t" JII iUfwL i narrowly trained specialist who lacks cub Sister Minerva Snow gave the: interpretatestimony that the same spirit moved upon ture of the nature sought to be provided by. the sisters there as it does evprvwliprp tion. Sister J. C. Howe felt to testify to the the general subjects. The other changes where the saints dwell, she said, "I greet consist mainly in a rearrangement, and, we you, my sisters with love and Jriudness, I good she had received in these meetings, think, a more accurate grouping of major Made and pray that we may be faithful and true to and made encouraging remarks. a more rigid subordination of minor our covenants, then the grace of God will reference to the work for the dead. than The regular be with us." Thought the time for the second coming of subjects, numbersheretofore. Faculty twenty-two- , with two adSisteKMinerva Snow, said, "Accidentally our Savior was near at hand. ... ditional teachers in special subjects. Sister" Morris, said, "blessed, are we 1 am here,xnot knowing that this was meetmy The question of uniting the Agricultural ing day, but "was invited by a sister, whom sisters," and prophecied of the great reCollege With the University of Utah was I called upon toN'isit. I am pleased with ward for the faithful. considered at length-b-y the recent Terri- the report of SisterNtforne of the faithful Sister Morris of the eleventh Ward bore torial Constitutional Convention, with the ness of the sisters everywhere. Lrejoice an excellent testimony. final result of embodying in the proposed to see my sisters advancing and Sister a and sister in the con leaker, progressing. We have everything to encourage and build gregation, each spoke well, and desired to constitution a clause keeping theseimti unions separate as at present. u uui vainer nascausea mis organi- be faithful. 4;. I have no hesitation in saying that the zation to be instituted that we ma-nSisters. sang, '".There's ; a feast of fat be College is growing in the estimation of; the strangers, and I thank "Him for it. Do .we. thiugs'&c. people generally, and that there is good appreciate the rich blessings that He pours Sister Margaret Brown spoke on Temple reason to expect a still more successful year out upon us, in His holy Temples? My work aud added a strong testimony.. the coming season. meditations on, these things brings joy un Sister Maria Wilcox also spoke on Tern-- , . Respectfully submitted, , speakable to my heart, May we endure to pie ..work, made other remarks, - v J. H, Pauv President! lold front has a plain ""be ln'.uK:stTnd"'wear by-singing- . . ' ' ' .. -- - -- -- ; :' M?' ftlrinot: . : . - . - " - I to-b- . ' ; .. ! . - i j , ; . - l well-sprin- g - - - I - four-yea- - SEMI-MONTHL- Y , - . w-a- s ' . so-call- ed the-belie- f bet-te- lkllli . AVwcAA 1 L 1 I of-tontr- ues: II . , ' . . 1 - . . , ot .. - - 1 