MT KXn)M ; WOMAN'S '.iU r,1'the triiLthe'Capt;iiiidrew m California m KMME L iXE li. 11 'EL LS, H'StlS C.i A A U.V t"i --.. 4 AW EJitor. - , 'n - 4 V which rose from the water ,iiyi. and . tluame subeet, passing direct;: perixmdicularlv i.soo feet, and recede d a little to cloubkilhe Several whaled' andrwisr wrtrsverr- prctne o imWrrYrt ;e vsAlismeyer; upon the voy;igcJitrc1)if uun Wi.aicui 4 uuuau, aji,;; steamer- -; and some WfrTZ. v :irme'-i.iiyis in caught sevcrallarge IlahtHit.atui. twoyoung b )rn, who unghl t;obea naturalized,whether h; .'citizen,, sharks wirh lishir.g Jiues- swung over the state of maniag'e of the at ll:eai'. passage eiti.enship exited side. of the ve'ssel while aD Bartletts bay, 18 , or bf by ft t 855, February where' the vessel took o?i a', cargo of salted-- of Congress or after the marriage, she becomes by. tii.;V. and smoked salmon. . . also; and this citizenship The gentlemen and ladies are all pro- - fact fuse in their' praises of the Captain 0$ the not lo st by the subsequent death of her husand-heafterwards mam ing an alien. vessel, who took every pains to make the band "By the rulings referred to,' the matter voyage pleasant and comfortable. Also of to be settled beyo.nd all controversy. the Union the Officials 'and Managers-oPacific, Northern Pacific and Oregon rail- - The United States Supreme Court is quite clear upon the question in the .case of Kelly way eople who showed them every pos vs. Owens, above referred to, laying down si ble kindness, courtesy and attention and did all in their power to make the trip the rule that the act of Congress of Febru' ' ary 10, 1S.55, wliich declares ''.'that any woagreeable.' President Wood ruff slept well .while away ...man.. who lnight lawfully .be iiaturalitu where the atmosphere was cool, but since under the existing laws, married,- or hhis return feels the heat somevyliat oppres- - shall be married to a citizen of the United-Statetaken to be a shall be deemed-an. sive. .; The young ladies wht) had this pleasant citizen." confers the privileges of citize::- " 1 journey should yVrite up some, of its inter:, ship upon .women married to citizens of the esti :g features,, describing , places and United States, if they are iff the class of scenery, which 'must be of special value to persons for whose iraturaliatiou the previthose who have not enjoyed the privilege ous acts (dVCongress provide, 'i'he Cjurt of seeing for themselves, besides it will im- - states that tlie ."terms V'marrjed, or ,"whoj-shalbe juarried.'x.in tlie act, do not reier press it more strongly upon their for future benefit. We should be very glad to the time when the ceremony of marriage-ito publish an article of this sort in the celebrated, but to a state of marriage; ' ' ' and that they mean that "whenever a woman, liX TONE NT. who under previous acts mighj be naturalized, is in a state of marriage tKa citizens WOMEN VOTKRS, she becomes, bv that fact, a citiz:eii also. His citizenship, whenever it exists, confer, V'-The question of women voting in Utah citizenship upon her.'' sVems t7 have awakened considerable It is 'to be hoped that the women of this thought and some expression of opinions Territory Will study the subject of voting; through the public press, all of which may and certainly sojar as legality is concerned,, be beneficial as it will-bmewhat educa- - : and be sure beyond the shadow of a doubt,' that they are doing right. It is sucha ne-tional, as such discussions of questions usually is. departure, that one need not be embarrassed The Dcscret Evening Ncn's of July 26th, in asking for information and look to it editorially in speaking on the subject of that it is positively reliable. It,istheftnn the belief of the writer that women will not from opinions of eminent judges of neglect home duties to attend to public the Supreme court of the United States and affairs unless, in" very exceptional cases, says Justice Field delivered the opinion of which frequently-occu- r (as is "well known) the court in which it is said: in other'ways and for other ends; apart "The case turns upon the construction from suffrage. The Dcseret Evening Netcs Nof July 27th , given to the second section of. the act of de of which mentions February 10, 1855, Congress leading journals East and AVest clares "that any woman, who mightl& cannot vote at the the existing laws, election, and gives the opinion exmarried, or who shall be married to a c tizen pressed by the New York Sun (Democratic) of the United States, shall be deemed and thus: ... r be a citizen." As we construe this taken to "On this hypothesis the Sun advises the confers it the privileges of citizenship women who want to avoid interference with-- -' act, to citizens of the Uniwomen married the admission of the territory to keep away upon ted States, if they are of the class of persons from the polls in November;: The Repubfor whose naturalization the previous acts of lican San Francisco Chronicle takes a similar The terms, stand, insisting that the Congress provide. adoption of a con"vho might lawfully be naturalized under stitution is only one step in the' process oi existing laws, " only dimit the application of Utate-makiii-g, and until Utah is fully a:ul the Jaw to free white women. .The previous completely a State it inustxbe and remain naturalization act,x4xisting at the time, only under the control of Congress, and be govrequired that the person applying for the erned by its laws, which do not recogni benefits should be "a free white person," suffrage in the Territory. As to tie and not an alien, enemy It J fact that certain officials are to be elected 4o follows from these views, that the widow become State officers, it is argued that th.' and the two sisters were citizens of the Uni- - are to be chosen by the legal voters of th ; ted States upon the decease of tlie intestate Territory, and that the women must waa husband. - The widow and Margaret Kahoe until the first State election before they a n became such on the naturalization of their" : exercise; the right of sufirage. respective husbands, and Ellen Owen" be- the been women who have Certainly I ' came such on her marriage."' the suffrage in the new State tl: M This was, the AVrc-- says in 1870, but the granted is to have the best interests of all at heart, same editorial says the latest decision upon wilbarjide by the decision which mut vide a precipice ' i,- lV.t...shcd rcf!!!; ,o.n;c s,c.n:-iiiuatn;- Jvlt Lake' City. Utah. Ji.po, one ropy ix months, lor clabs. Gty papcts dehv-- . m y, .jiy oiir, 30 cV 'Ntf reduction taXKie .ered Ly'rui;I. extra lor post ' s ; one year, 25 cts. : Kfuii square, ten line of nonpareil .VdvertUtuj; rau-sp:if one time, 52.50; per month.' $3 00. A liberal dis-- ; icut reguUr advertisers:KxroNtNT i ft'ice, Bi)cir) 227 & Ct'nrsi!iuticn i'uud Main Street, opposiiVZ. I. lousiness hours frpm tnr 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. everyday, except Sunday; Address. all .bHsine.sconmunicAtions to PUB I I S 1 E K WO NJ A N'S EX POfN ENT, ; - , 1 ' - ' C.-M- - 1 - r - , -- . Salt Lake City, Utah. ap-pear- Entered at the J'ost OJice in Salt Lake City, Utah, a aconJ cl.ui matter f s ; " 'Salt . Lakk City j Ai';ust VISIT TO 1 ALASKA. ; a -- President ' Woodruff accompanied by members of his family and his Counselors George Q. 'Cannon and Joseph F. Smith and several others left this City, on June 25th for President Portland, Oregon, Woodruff was.not. well' at the'time and it was thought he might receive some benefit He, was sufferby g ing to the from As soon as he ing sleeplessness. reached a lower altitude he was relieved and after arriving at Portland; 'Oregon, he could ... . " sea-leve- l. - sleep well. - From Portland the party went to Tacojna audfroin there to Victoria, Vancouver Island, by way of Paget Sound. The President concluded while en route North, to takea trip to Alaska and the party made very favorable terms with the Steam uShip Company; during this trip the whole party had ample opportunity to see all the most notable places in the Alaskan ..and British Columbian" watt Vs. The ladies of the party are more than delighted with all -they saw and heard ,The vessel was at onetime moored directly in front of the Muir glacier, said to be one of the grandest sights the human, eye ever witnessed; the giaciexLs .tw-o- m i les- - Ion g- - a ndTrises- - two" hundred and fifty feet abjve the surface of the water, extending below seven hundred and fiftyjeet; it is one hundred and fifty miles in length and has numerous tributaries. It is estimated to be greater than the whole number of glaciers in Switzerland. e party also witnessed soinethinp nf inc luimauuii 01 leeoergs. ana neara tne crash xff falling ice from the glaciers, which is like the firing of. cannons. Some voune- er members of the party ventured to the sides and surface of the glacier and tell of the wonderful caverns and ere vassess", and of the rushing torrents and waterfalls. Some of Hie experiences they had gave them very good ideas of Arctic explorers and navigators in the icy regions of the North ,pole. While enroute they saw how the Captain and crew obtain supplies of ice from an iceberg, this was a and exceedingly interest. ing. The Captain "took the party h the. up Gardner's inlet, 125 milesout of the ' usual trip of tourists; the .scenery''.-a- Ibis point was most sublime and to all who had this grand opportunity; the vessel was drawn up at the foot of a waterfall 400 feet in height and of majestic size and magnificent grandeur as it came dash-- ' ' ing down the mountain. On 'the return - . . ' . . ex-plo- re . unique-spectal- e " Wil-riip- a awe-inspirin- g - - r s, . d ; . - j j ; j j s j . :: - I : . -- j j i w j ' iiaturalizationof-foreign-born-vomeTiT-Tpib- tes .. . rgHig-tlrat-woui- Tully-4e-TiatTjTizW- Jno-vemb- eii er lir - .;' j ! . j : I ! . ' ' ! legal . . 