AN XV OM "I am naturally, I thinky what some "people designate a religious tie voice: I fully intended when I was ordained to" the mixji'stiyto consecratemy life and talents" to the work, and with "other dissenters for America, where- - freedom "of-r- . ' am-iJMik- ed e- ztWHr'nt.was unrestrained. I have preached' many years, and expect still to do whatever njay seem my .duty in this' respect while I live. I never meant to let anything, cr any person come between me and my profession;. and I never have (save for a few days once) but to proceed. You willpardon my ..weakness, for I too. .was young then," aud one cannot quite control one's' .'feelings even though a minister." . "But ministers marry except Roman "Catholics, uncle Sidney,' said hd ward. "To be, sure they do,, but I had grown up so apart from women, that I was not like other young men, and my profession; was all in all to me: I almost worshipped Anna Walton in a certain sense and she returned my affection; but she Avas another Mian's wife, and therefore sacred, no thought of making her mine, ever entered my heart, nor her's I am sure, for she was devotion itself to Maitland Walton." "Then it .was not niy Aunt Anna ; you were in love with as I had already eussed?" 1 "No, Edward it was not, and you must not be shocked when I tell you wiio it was. After the death of Lady Anna and of Dr. Bland, when Mrs. Bland was so lonely and in great need of sympathy, I was for a time almost constantly in her. company; she is very fascinating, and has wonderful power over those with whom she is associated, no doubt you have heard, she was the only nossessed nerson who anv real influence ; i r with your grandfather, the Baronet. Is it strange then that a young man, even though he were a clergyman should have unwilling ly yielded to this peculiar charm of mind and heart? h was not aware' of. the state of my own feelings, until I was openly accused by some of my4 church members. Then I was overwhelmed with the thought forced upon me, and besought the Lord in jua'yer; fear lest I had betrayed to Mrs. Bland a secTetriTiTysSl flrad not realized until then, humiliated me, until I was men- taiiv ill. l lie lord was verv merciiui to me, and helped me to bear my sorrow alone. I felt sure Mrs. Bland esteemed me as a friend and brother and it comforted me to think so; she had great need of some one to .whom she could speak confidentially. I ".. - ".' . selfish motive had induced me to sympathize with her in her loneliness.- Yet my love was none the less real, though it had stolen K X rO N H N T vS myself solemnied mv secret. the marriage;' and- -no; one knew - I lest bv voice, or manner I bosom companions.. I often-tremble- Should letni v. slept as it wwtTwft) SJX) ken beiore to anv one. seem to be more alone than it.-Al- p " uncle returned aud found me a suitor for the hand .of one he had loved, we could never have been friends; as- it was we were - - i Mis. Harrison's family, and it.was.wel! Sidney .ion '"f.1"" v r.uwiuu . j . - " I'd-war- - ! summer1 resorts, .and winters in, London, and Paris,, bethought herself of America and. her grand-nieccand" as she said fearing if she wrote and asked permission, they would-- ' 'think hera ti.resonieold-maid,- " and perhaps, say it was not con- - ' venient, she decided to take tliem unawares, ' "AikV now ..I:m here- she said, one day 'soon after her arrival, "vou must make the best of it." And really she very agreeable; she had become quite a sensible person, not at all like her former self; and as she knew the history of the older members of both families and even Jane Conway's mother the sister of Sir Kdward; Hdliard, and many of the love affairs of these people which had been a sort of hidden mystery, she was , never tiresome and the young people became somewhat familiar .with the family history, a generation or two back. Miss Walton brought with her from Walton Hall some old letters of Sir Kd ward's written to Lady Walton when shwasHeleu IigFarrd a queer old'Iocket, t set with pearls, containing his picture when a young man: these she gave to Mrs. Harrison saying,, "I think Anna should have. hergrandfathePs picture, butr the -- lettersil you may destroy, they belong 'to another age."- - Mrs. 'Harrison knew more of this affair than the letters betrayed, but she kept her own counsel she had heard the,. S - j : . - will speak to Mrs. Harrison in your behalf the first good opportunity, but. you must not be. too sure of my success; I know how unhappy, it will" make her, to have another marriage in her own family as it were. ' ' Sidney Barrington sought an interview with Mrs. Hairison not many, days after his talk with Edward" Hilliard, and found her bitterly opposed to the uniou of "these, two children" as she .called them; But she considered the matter carefully as she promised. Mr. Barrington she would, ancL alter much deliberation and great persis- tency on the part of Clarice who was verv determined, she permitted the marriage to take place,1 not however "without many misgivings as to Jts propriety. It. was very 'evident. to her friends and neighbors that in her heart she wholly disapproved of it, and in fact that she was sorely disappointed in the marriages of her family. -- d d seasides, anything." "So you think now my boy, but you can rise superior to any obstacle i f you will but be determined, and'put vourtrust in One . - e jmdJcuiiALmtJim "I hutr--x to endimt W ever ready to strengthen her m leu uie iiuure; ;uju point witu mini ' not had he the .'prophetic nature though she possessed yet he; had that quality for all human woes, that tacii sympathy, never obtrusive, but ever 'helpful to the sorrowing and those who suffer j Umway iuand Pecame in time a man Tntlnence in the community and was high! ? respected ami useful, nHact quite celebrated iti liis profession, and his mother was justly prouil 01 ins auainmeius. ins wne wa; strikingly beautiful as her mother had been. aud their children were all that could "Tc . desired. never been Kdward Hilliard' had physically strong and gradually his health" failed, sometimes-thphysicians advised to btit to him. go Italy, .that, seemed almost impossible, with, a wife and child, and Mrs... Harrison could not consent to part fruin them:' love and gentle nursing with the best medical skill could not save him, an 4 ere three years had elapsed from the date of the marriage Clarice was left a. widow. It was jrood for her that she had the little 6:to take her attention, for she was inconsolable with grief. Dr. Bland, Anna Walton and now HilHard were laid in the grave-yaramong the- pines near the New Kngland coast, Where the sea makes mournful music not far off. While the family were plunged in sorrow by thesad death of Kdward Hilliard, who shoulll arrive to- surprise them, wit'nout even sending a message beforehand but .Kate Walton the great aunt of young Mrs. Blandr It was'a 'happy circumstance for them all; it diverUd their minds from the afiction and loss which was very, heavy. Miss Walton 'was. very cheerv. and had come for a change, she was tired of every-- . - ' above, and take hold., ol some useful em-- " ployment which will occupy your undivided :as.i,teel,ever , . - - wuu-- I Was compelled to submit in that case, but in another similar one, I fear she would' be more iniwi lini'-o sti l. and vou are so en- - not bear to grieve her, or to' go contrary to her wishes, but if I cannot gain her consent, in this matter, I shall never be good for ""wun v. j u'.,.-tendernes- : tirely different." "Uncle Sidney can't you intercede for me, I know my aunt has great confidence in your advice; Will you speak for me? I am as truly an American in feeling and sentiment as you are, I shall never return to England, she need not fear that. I am sure Clarice loves me, and we shall'always I be near you and with" Aunt Jane. would ask Conway to intercede for me, but I cannot approach him; lie has nothing in common with me, we are so different-- , but you uncle Sidney surely you will succeed if you attempt it, and who knows but in pleading my cause you may have the courage to tell your' own story?"' "No Kdward. I am not so conceited as to think Mrs. Hamson wTould ever think of me except as her spiritual adviser, and a friend of the family, I 'wonder at myself whenever I dare to look into my own heart. . This conversation must never be repeated; and you must.not. upon any account, or in any way or at any time refer to it." "It has given me great courage, to hear what you have suffered and I can see how brave and true you have been to your better nature, it makes me feel how weak and foolish I am, and but for your wise teach ing, and heroic conduct always, I should be less manly than I am, I owe much to you huim-.t- -- . - upon trie unawares. "Very soon after and while I was still emotions, Xord struggling with my pent-uWalton came back bringing his mother with 'him; and everything was changed. It seemed providential for as you know later on my uncle returned, and then I learned from his own lips, how he had loved Jane Conway; and had gone abroad, to try and forget, had taken your father with him partly as a sort of tie; between .himself. and the fatnilyfand partly because ol his companionship tor he was van af- tractive man in nil endearing qualities. My uncle wooed and won Mrs. Blandand O, how thankful I was, that I had never ' HlUWavi and my sympathy lor yotriklafcraTLse of it, though to. be sure Mrs. Harrison is very much attached to you', yet I can see as you do, that she has decided views against intermarriages of relatives. I do not know whether in vour case these 'scruples can be .overcome. Conway took her by storm, he has the same sort of masterful spirit, as his motherland as your .'grandfather. She -- , " -- JCvcnts of imjxutanee followe each other in the years just subsequent to thii marria v made.-''herself- . - : , 