e f y e v ery p r i v i leg e J : mn : er joy s X hat she 7 may, 1 havejself pPOtectmut - eyersguardrjK; j sible to a rational human "being, she. has as fact ;t. foregone con. Iris a much interest in all that concerns home and clusion that woman suffrage is in the air,; 4 state and country as mari has, and should and trie matter' is- so apparent, that it needs have'the same opportunity .;to express her tender- - i noanrument to prove it; the. trend of senti thehgj box. All sensible direc- - Opinions"; at .the ballot - persons mamiest me least 'merit and of in is that opinion, pfeic 'Te&:Wtteh women whocomprehena the situation; want kindness and love top-rJme, 0 what tion humanity"! 'interests demand it, wo-a - voice ' frrttegovernment under. whicV nfinct1 while, the opposite iif to see mythe men great help opportunity :':.fSQytr.. course has'a tendency to harrow, up all the enterprises, in government and in many they, live, and '.if it were not their rightthe needs of the present time require their help. feelings- and oppress .the human ways, but are at a decide disadvantage mind. It is one. evidence thatmeh are while they are deprived of the privileges 'of It is useless to add what the conditions are, but woman's moral and .. spiritual force will-.of Godh buf ballot the. riothincr citizenshio: unacquainted with i hess to.1 behold the. contraction of feeling supply the :needed qualification to protect" might give a higher tone to politics and i i i r l l the standard of social purity of which it. auul giuij uie puwci apu iacK ui cnaruy tfiir inMriHnal fjnH fnffint intPrPtS. ' and raise we 'hear7 there is such great need all over of Godliness" is spread out in a broad "secure them equal rights with men A . 1 fair our land, of the to out mantle throw chanty principle demands it and woman in posJustice , Men will not ;'lose their respect for wry ;God does not look on sin with allowance, session ' of full political privileges will be men. because!, they vote, witness the: but when men have sinned there must be able, to men to Vope with' the good help in Utah when ') women voted almost allowance made for them, the religious world needs and of the present time,, years emergencies is boasting-o- f righteousness it is the doc- - and to promote a greater degree of purity without an exception, weren't 4 there as; 0 many marriages, and certainly there trine of the devil to retard the human tinnd and iu law, and in the government. not justice so many divorces as there have been and retard or progress by filling .us with The United States a as poses since; No complaint was ever heard of. self ighteousriess. The nearer we get to nation when as a matter of fact one half of .domestic broils because women went to the our Hreavenly Father the more are we discitizens have no voice in making or in its polls, one or two men (unmarried to the posed to look with compassion on perishinjg'' and which the "laws theyby best of my recollection) pretended- to be souls to take them upon our shoulders and executing and their property are contheirhildren, cast their sins behind our back. I am go aggrieved, because woman had this great, trolled. y privilege, but the Judges on the bench deyou would ing to talk to all this society-.- If as as .to Women are their', country loyal cided in favor of the women, and .110 more have God have mercy on you, have mercy v on want and the men' simple liberty they was heard from tbeni "qn the subject fore ver President Smith then re3 OTi one anotherr ; for abstract and justice, after.. ferred them to the conduct of the Savior groundof , :r Men want the; ballot; for the better, proHe tection: they are entitled to the same means when He was , taken and crucified tection of home and property, women want then made a promise in the name' of the to make life a success as men. The woU tali, to ha men reason of that ask ye every the ballot for the self same reasons. Taxa-- ' Lordjiayingthat soul that' has righteous- - 'the newstate Constitution shall make them tion without representation is as much ness'endugh to ask' God in secret places for with have men; politically equal they life, every day of their lives, shall livedo tyranny for women as for men, .women, are borne in their of well the founding; three-scorpart it is not indelicatibr a womair years and ten; no denies woman man this the or j territory, must We to go to the court house to . walk uprightly all her taxes, ; -is What have not yet she meets there the samepay: How glorious are the principles of righteous- - J fact;--- it class of men, women the of extent the selfishness pioneer throughout are. We of full she uessr would meet at the. polls. the devil E. B. W. flatters us that we are very righteous, while 'these vales endured to subdue the desert, we arc feeding on the faults of others. We' and make the roses blossom; the homes of RESOLUTIONS PASStD AT THE can only live by worshipping our God. All the people testify to this fact; and, when the NATIONAL COUNCIL OF must do it for themselves. None can do it' Legislature of 1970, resizing how true and WOMEN., for had women the been these for another. How mild the Savior dealt strong right PREAMBLE. : the with" Peter, saying, "When thou art conpassed bill granting suffrage .to woWe the women of the National Council of Woverted strengthen 1 thy brethren7 ' ;at men, how gladly and proudly women came of the United States, organized in the intermen another time He said to hini.vlovest thou forward to bear their share of the. one ' v?r fluence lover people as the 'fear' of being dis-- , fellowshipped by so goodly a society as this. - Nothingsiso Imuchaleutotdfv' lead tieople. tot forsake sin a,s to- take them by ir - self-evide-nt - ' - ; -- c -- ' 1 s 1 : - - - ! ; I the-principl- e - ; , : j i- - . x. i - ; - : ; . , . self-govern- ed - .. - .'; ' - ; . self-pro- -' '' -- " - . . j ; ' . ;.' . - -- e, tax-p?yer- s; day-long- - rself-appareu- t. -- ; . me? " ' '' IrV the sisters Feed my sheep: love the Lord let them feed the sheep andt not destroy them. How oft have wise men and women, sought ' to dictate Brother-LaPolo-gy -Joseph by sajingf "O, If I were Brother Joseph I would do this or that,1' but if they Were in Brother Joseph's shoes, they would find that men eould not be compelled in the kingdom of God, but must be dealt g with and at last ; ye shall save them. .The way to keep all the saints ; . long-sufferin- together and keep the work rolling, is tq wait such characters to justice. There bring 1. l. J oe f no license, tor sin, out mercy snouici should go hand in hand with reproof. Sisters of this society shall there be strife among you? I will not have it you must repent and get the love of God. - Away with self righteousness. The best measure or principle to bring the poor to repentance is to administer to their wants the society is not only to relieve the poor, but to save souls. President Smith, then said that he would give a lot of land to the society by deeding it to the treasurer, that the society, may build houses for the poor. He also said he would give a house frame not; fi nished, said that - Brother Cahoon will move it on to the aforesaid lot, and the society can pay him by giving orders on the store, that it was a good plan to set those to work who are owing widows, and thus make an effort &. witUJougfferirrl"GiEair : - , 1 ' ' . -- responsibility;, and after seventeen years wise and judicious exercise of the franchise excuse or it was taken from them without Yt lKw grandly they submitted to ' the laws which deprived them of a vested right, because it was the country they loved that had wrested from them this precious boon,' believing in the ultimate triumph of right over wrong, and that when it should be in the power of the men of Utah to restore to them this lost citizenship, they would not hsitateoevest-them-vit- h hresponsibilities so nobly used in the - - 7- - ' Past- - as an individual and as a woman of sane mind the writer asks for the ballot be- cause of her love of freedom, and liberty, and because she believes she can do more good for humauity, than while deprived of rr7" ; . the franchise. "Speaking personally the writer has the utmost faith in the justice and in the honor of the men who have been elected to the Constitutional Convention,' men some of them born in these mountain fastnesses, where the very air is redolent of liberty, reared under the direct influence of patriot, ism , taught from babyhood, to love "freedom and to maintain it as their birthright, they cannot refuse their; mothers wives, sisters, and sweethearts that blessed privilege so dear to them. Common sense teaches woman that she stands or fails for herself, give her then -u- -'- ; ' . est of no propaganda, and 2 having no pow'er oyer the organizations which constitute the Council, beyond that of suggestion of sympathy, having learned that goodLoiuJiomes and-oadvanced nation is by our unity of thought and purpose, and that anSorganized movement of women best conserves the highest good of the ' family and the State, banded in a federation of workers committed to the overthrow of all forms of ignorance and injustice, and to the application of the 4,Golden Rule" to society, custom and law, do hereby resolve. thejt r VROGRESS ur OF WOMEN. - Whereas, The jeais since theTast sessiorToT the v National Council of Women of the United States have opened many avenues to woman's industry; have made many changes in law and custom in her favun; have witnessed the grand spectacle of women participating in the Columbian Exposition in an official capacity and endowed by the United Siates Government with equality of "power and responsibility; the growing tendency in all denominations toward the proper recognition of. women, in their in the Parliament of Religions, and have shown us that the advanced and truly learned thinkers of all faiths and lands agree that there is nothing in the spirit and essence of their religions which necessitates woman's degradation or indicates her divinely appointed inferiority; have been marked by a marvelous growth of organization among women for educational reform and philanthropic purposes, binding - all classes and climes together with cords of love for harmonious action and finding its most perfect exponent in that magnificent gathering, the Congress of Representative Women, andjhnalJy, have brought to women the full recognition pf theirrights as citizens in one of our States and in two grat the most important divisionsof British Empire; therefore Resolved,- That we rejoice in the evidences of -- have-demonstra- ted rrepre-sentatio- - y v n j ... f . 