I ' . . Fpi psj cJidlog iral- i A ndpoint. 'it - s 0' Woman! frail audaccouhted; HaughL in' the marshalled ranks of polities and state; truly thy-- power is behind the throne; and thy responsibility is'uneomputed; foF the , . deeds done by men. , Our; guide-- imagination, now leads uslo, ."v!CM.Tjeacefullv. - how or AxnS' n01 jar. remove, arc. ' . v Ha!. they nhnk out iiuue "W hat hands are - here! eyes! - ' . .. , WiiJ all k real Neptune's - - . . Clran from my. hand?, No: ; i this blood will hand.; iny ()vav-was!;.- :. tlul.s "' .rather ., The multitudinous seas incarn.irdjnr,'-- ; 'Makin.the ttcn one ted." v ' " . ' 'NlACBETHViiattinholy,:',iceneslrifying thoughts, and ghastly spectacles are presented to the mind by that one"5 .Cnard, ;: "Note .'.how " that C(ntinuous knocking" Imagination "immediate! v nroduees ihe weird scene of the' witches; startles him blanches his cheek and al' aDDearate as thev. rfffiaSBEwt most freezes ' upvthe flowing; current of his ' r around tlie seelhiiig caldron with 'its grue, reins, is is his for unconcerned person. 'He some contents; and in the presence of this king a the house in. 'of frieiid,,; a kinsman,; a .picture we can almost sense jthe fascination, Know my cieeu iwere oest noi Kno w myseii II loyal A.. ...1 subject; , inllueuce feel those unhallowed of and the ' .,I.i..,. ' dKe ivuncail wuu my miulmu: nuuui ' V '. '. ''Jf ... v ' thou couldst!" handmaids ofthe powers of darkness ' '' . "'Now over the one half world '.'those fiends who lie like truth." From Nature st ems dead, and wicked .dreams abuse-ThGood night V Adieu! remorseful spirit, ' . sleep: witchcraft celebrate pure sympathy; we almost cease to wonder Pale curtained and Hecates otTering, lithered murder tomorrow's sun will- shine, upon an that 'the superstitious Macbeth is for a Alaruniecf the wolf, sentinel, bvjiis thine! in soul, place of moment captivated by their strange in-- ! Whose howU his walch. thus with his stealthy adamantine, ' The has sped, the ' mental conflict :" w night cautations. pace, u' j ravishinjr' strides '.tovvard; his has abated; .remorse is silenced and cruelty Then like a flash we.. are Uran sported to cWith - Tarnuin's ' ,. .', has usurped the throne of judgment. design . the interior of the castle, we feel the exciteThbU firm like a sure and set Mqves ghost. intellect the has .wise rea.oned: In this ' ment which animates its little colony of in-- earth, ' undone? be and cannot done' The' is deed habitants, as the gracious word is received Hear hot my "steps, which way they walk, for fear r Now to theJemoving of all obstacles that and repeated from one to another. ' 'The Thy very stones prate of my whereabouts, . to night!" For though ' And lake, the present horror from the time may threaten, or obstruct the passage to the King comes-herWhich now suits wjth it. ." throne. Down feefing! Up! will and intelwe had known the king only up to this he had found favor in our sight; and Macbeth enters, wearing a ; pale and. lect! "The eternal Jewel" is irrecoverably jpoint, lost, all is over with that, ambition now we feel that his" most lordly subject hiight frightened look, as. if he had just seeuan be honored by this mark of trust and apparition. There is a nervous anxiety in holds' undisputed sway,- life is all that is ' left. Fill up the chalice of power! Take friendliness. Jtiis' mpvements, as if he" ivere iinielled by Now ve are-athe. banquet and note the an outward, rather than- an inward force, pleasure in the downfall of all;- who loathe suave manner, the very apparent courtesy lie siezes a dagger lying' near by, and with thee! Trample on the necks of all who vould opiwse thee! Thy time is short, and thdughtfulness, extended towards the stealthy- - though tremblingsteps approaches king by his charming hostess and her lord. the couch of the king. His hand is palsied but the witches have promised it .shall be ' e We know what is in her mind since the by the thought dreadfulness of the fulU, ; Macbeth! like the lallen angels, 'Again;-receipt of that peace disturbing Jetter from deed, augmented by the solemn weirdness made-hell for thyself, thou must Macbeth, and now follow him, as he seeks of the hour. . But, the deed must be doiie, havifig an exit, from, the guest chamber; to there is now no retreating. - He1 grasps the "bend alb thy energies to bring a like con- -dition on all who may. be in thy power. silently witness his escaping thoughts and deadly weapon with a firmer hold t, and The distardly deed. is . discovered, the feeling. We are in a state of suspense as Vitha mighty "effort throw's off those guilty : house-holis thrown into confusion, all are we watch the' workings of that mind. fears, "Screws his courage to the sticking Note the pros, and cons, the resolutions and point? ' ' and with averted gaze, swiftlsends horrified arid astounded: ' Macbeth and. his' ' the dread, the superstitious faith; the honor-- . the messenger of death to that trusting lady not a whit behind the rest in demon: able fear, as each is marshalled in full force heart. strations of grief. .Indeed, he., freely con' to try its "power upon that mind. We hear He is horrified at the ghastljness of the fesses that ' his love for the king and great .the pleading cry of kinship tlie voice of spectacle, and an almost, overpowering-sens- sorrow at his taking off, compelled, him in of the ruin he has wrought is borne in, the heat of passion to stab the two grooms treachery tlie whisperings of loyalty who he suspected had done the deed. ... thetehipting persuasion of ambition upon him. AIL sorts of ghostly ; fancies force away to the throne. vs in turn crowd upon his fevered "imagination, as he ' The day moves oh-has now become for clamors .each is king, and evenliisiiauntless stands half paralyzed, with the bioody dag- - bold-hearing and recognition. "wilevouldiTot now- taunt him with th e. Towards the latter part jpt. this intense.N geriiiiusliand --mentai ccmflict- - mirsuspense is; somewhat laughand cry murder;- - anon, they say their paleness of his heart, dil she peep into that mind and note the resolutions there. relaxed. We believe that the fUer power prayers and pronounce amen, which he esYet Hanquo isin the way; lie has known .will secufe. tlie victory: and are about lo saying cannot repeat. He.' becomes painexclaim, hail!- Thane of Cawdor! Greater fully alert to every sound; even the screech Macbeth's ambition, he may suspect the than a king! When Lady Macbeth enters, of the. owl, the chirp of the cricket, his own truth, besides,- the witches hailed him throws discredit on the conquering hero, wife's voicestrikes terror to his guilty soul. "father to a .line of kings;" He must be while with a of evil agents Anon he joinslirs wife, and still not wholly dispatched, and" that at once. ''Hanquo;' u Is fl ig h t 4fcirfmcT heaven,- must reconciled to the deed, he wTingLMs-gor- v she begins the attack anew. And, though thyia '. acfethwilh dignity atulHMnmglfasr-sertio- n rrandsand says, 'This is a scirry- - sight. ' ' find it out' to night, " The feast is spread, the thanes- $re meets her. with, "We will proceed Still in half frenzied dread, remorse. no farther in this business, he hath honored imagination, he goes on repeating" what he gathered round, and the king speaks his reI me . of late, and have bought golden fancied, he heard a voice; cryf 'Sleerj no grets at the absence of Jianquo: when up -- rises ' all of the ghost of the r missing thane' and sorts of people which would more!" . opinions be worn now in their nervest gloss, not sits iu his murderer's chair. does murder sleep the innocent sleep;-cast aside so soon." Yet we feel that a "Macbeth Now note the terror!7 The freezeing fear Sleep that knits tip the raveled sleeve of care, master spirit has; takeif posession , and the The death of each day's life, sore labors bath,' that assails him, even While he protests his forces of the better part will be scattered, to Balm of hurt minds, great nature's second course. ..innocence. XcteMiis assumed bravado, ' . - C t 1 Chief it. i nourisher rri feast. lrililes me iour winas, his palsied attempts aUhreatening, but now ine more powerful will of Still it cried sleep no more! to all the house no sign of remorse. He fears no mortal, Lady Macbeth has do wned all argument, Glamis hath murdered "sleep; and therefore has over come' the weaker determination of .; ? lie is not to be undone by any born of woCawdor snau sleep no more Marhpth ha!i cior her lord. He now becomes but an irresolut man. Ay, he is a bold man! "who dare :,,........,.r, ' . more! servant, waiting the command, of her inlook on that which might appal tlie devil," domitable spirit. ; ; O wretched mortal doomed to yet this has undone him. everlasting The scene is changed. Ah!, faltering Macbeth! Thou, couldst torment by thine ovn act. That was c Malcolm and withstand the enticing voice of ambition, wail froni the depths of hell! such as Donalbain are" scattered Banquo is' disthe gilded alluriugs of that coveted pinnacle might have been heard from the fallen patched, and Macduff's mission to England of power. Thou couldst has received due revenge in the slaughter spirits, who, being cast down from superstitious faith await a less speedy, a more realized to the utmost the. densenessheaven, of his wife and babes, the confiscation of of the natural fulfillment; his lands. Yet couldst not for darkness to which they were consigned. ' , a moment brook the taunting-tone- s O of thy ; pitiful! pitiful! that weeping, and wail:.: .' Foul wife. ."' ; " Wiiisperii:g are abroad: unnatural deeds ing, and gnashing of teeth. V Do breed ' hor- - ' ' . . ; : - . . " )heirvv - V,', , ;" ' . I ' U . I . ; - e . - . -- , ' ! ' ' ' - -- ! ! ' '. ( ; . . . e - . " - . ' ; - t - " . of-th- V--- ' a ; - . - - . d . -- e ' .that-woul- d . He He - 1 - " - - -- - " , " " . , ' . -- - - - . " - r:-- -- bid-th- y . . " yet-tho- ; ; , urinatural troubles," J 