r V- - ; WOMAN'S wnsiUve (m "all subjects, yet thebook sets fortb .plaiiily'to .man. which. can' never be .satisW?iihW - the devouon Qiau rdet -- rONHN'i KX land Ttcawurcrrf t cr vva i j 11 tfisii'ine-''-- 1 T.w! '.LaviniV Com viiUe . .l VW wishing to become member-" may le admitted on the recommend irr-'- 'l member; by a j : . Tnvi.'.r-- ' I::ileh ;,v.;:: Parker, Rhoda H., ly called.;'. -- 5. Pixton, Matilda Wards- Meml)ers will be excelled from the -v.4 ui tucuuw ueveioiv- - wuiiu,., a. oie euson, L. bouthwortli, sx:iety for unchristianlike conduct, by a ukvi.w,.. mem and beautiful womanhood, -- a kind .of Agnes Hoagland. majority of yOtes of an regularly organizCo tec: minit Pbebe giantess of such extraordinary proportions .. Woodruff, ed me. ting. Appraiser : Mary I. Horne, tucinda' South worth. by laws, may be increased, "ration . An both Russia and Certainly Superihtendcjicc of Work Committee: amended,, annulled, or added to ar any time Sweden, Sonya KoValersky was one of the Lucy L. Van Cott, vSarah B. Foss," Agnes consided necessary by a ' majority of the ' most gated women of this century. members. Hoagland. NAMKS OF MEMBKiCS. ...vl; " ' Memorial Day in remembrance of the KKI'OKT.' ' -and Sister Phebe Woodruff, 'Mary v I. Home, Hannah T. Kingauthor, poet 7" ,7 was kept this year June 19th, at the beautiKezia Fourteenth Ward Female Relief Society:, Soutn worth, D. Pratt, Agnes. ful home of Sister Julia C. Howe, who was Hoagland, Leonora Taylor, Sarah M. Pratt,: "organized oii the 17th day of September, one of Sister King's dearest friends. About Emma Standish, : Elizabeth - Pixton,- - Sarah : 1856. Commenced and carried 011 our ; fourteen ladies were present, -- The' roses" 15. Phelps, N.' A. Stevenson, Ann Long-- . operations in a time of scarcity and under stroff,,Anetta A. Cummings, Lydia Sharp, trying circumstances until, day of were a touching tribute to her memory. Elizabeth K. Stevenson, Rhoda H. RichMarch, 1858, about one year and six months, oister nowe naa prepared little mementoes ards, Fanny. Spiisbury.v Susan Richards, during which time we received from. mem on cards from the author's "Songs of the Sophia Taylor,-- Esther Ann Hoagland, bers qt the society in the form of contribuHeart" most of them from the noem "en-- Jarje Taylor, Mar' Oakey, Matilda" Wards-- : tions pf money, wearing apparel, Provisions, . .'. .... . . titled "Life' these were very atwopriale worth, Sarah Brown, Ann Jackson, Rachel etc, amounting to $346.05 . . . . on . been hand for for .106.00 selected eacIi'oAe with Middleton,' Elizabeth Pratt, Sarah B. Foss, Quilts and having Sale, for . . . and work ... Susan Cornelia Woodruff, Phebe Amelia Overplus lor 12 Propt. great care, and were in the hand writing of the hostess. Theconversation was genC. Woodruff, Mary Stephen, Susan Pratt, ' and the 'five Belinda Elizabeth T. Blair, Sarah tea' 547-1- 7 o'clock eral, at which Pratt, most of the ladies drank hot water, was Church, Mary Ann Taylor, Agnes Taylor, very enjoyable, not only for the delicious Sarah Lishman Mary Ann Brown, , Ann out to poor in the Ward, . .$213.77 and appetizing, delicacies, but for the spirit Clewly, Elizabeth Johnson, Emily Shelton, By paid to our brethren of the army . . 43.75 of love and good-will- ,, which made all feel Hannah C. Mumford, Lucy L. Van Cott, By donated to H. C. Company, . . . . .63.65 happy and buoyant for the time. After Mary Ann Taysom. Rebecca Hoagland, By donated to P. E. Fund . 7. . 12600 the leaving dining room, Sister Alder read Hannah .Birda Texaua Blair, Sarah Jane By lonated quilts to a Temple, . ... . 100.00 Maria L. Twin-bal- l, Blair, Sarah. Lovina Taylor Elizabeth Thompson, by request the writer read a personal poem 547.7 "of Sister King's addressed to Helen Mar C. Jane Romney, Elizabeth M; Romney,' .Whitney, which has. never appeared in Mary Hall, Sophronia Turriball, Harriet MEETING print. Sweet interchanges of thought and Carter, Margaret Hoagland, Isabel LADIES' "... and close at LaraoreauxAnnetta the feeling followed, Rhodes, Mary Rhodes, the Ann HeyesAnn Susanna Sarah benediction and Richards, Doxology wasproMinutes of meeting held in the Salt uoiticei.- In? next githeniu in h nor of Agatha Pratt,- Mary Campbell, Susan S. Lake Assembly Hall, May 14th , President the diar depirted Sister King will be at the Richards, CharlotteF. Richards, .Clarissa M. I. Home presiding. Sang "O my ' i . . ; 3 S. B. Hannah Jesse rcMuence oir tner aaugnter Eddings, bister Louisa Snyder, Father." Prayer Sister. L. D. Vlder. Richards. Alice Watt, Mar- - S. Sang, "We Thank Thee O God for a Spencer in June 1S96 if all is well. Snow, Sarah Woodruff, Emma Woodruff, Prophet." Minutes, read and approved. Sarah Morris, Jane Watt, Elizabeth Foss,- - rresiaerit iiorne explained tnereason-w- e RELI KF SOCIETY IN THE EARLY Olivia C.- Foss, Deborah Ann TwinbulL- - -- could notrirave- - the- 14th i Ward it was; iLJane-- Cr Rieliardson7 Pratt, being remodeled; was not feeling well DAYS., Sarah Richards, Nannie Richards, Caroline thoughrit was climbing the stairs at the Simms,- Mary C. Taylor, Elizabeth Rich, County Building, to hear Miss Anthony .V The Fourteenth Ward Female Relief, Jane Taylor, Helen Carter, Alice Thompand Miss Shaw,- she was pleased with them Martha son. Society, organized by Bishop Hoagland Robins, thought many would not go to sleep under Geprgian.A. Clements, S. S. S. G. Martha Miss Shaw's preaching, they ' have suffered to Richards', Richards, the (agreeable request" or President for their cause but it is popular now, refered Hrigham Young) on. e seventeenth (lav of T. Blair, Phebe Pratt; Martha T. Darger, Ann Sarah rSarah E. Ballo, with Jane two Ivins, to theiian-'h- o 'and September 18567 coresident votedInoatirTiresday i R diajJameTJLniiin gr-- 1 leicTTYinaterv evening, was like Miss counselors, a secretary 'auLtreasurerwith Anthony thought TTeleir Kay, Wilmirth East, Annie Latimer, he needed praying for. Wondered how-- po w ertoeJejc uc ueeueu. iorine carrv nir iiUKuuu manage- - Mary Perrin, Ellen C. Blair, Martha Price,. many really thanked God for a ptophet as. L. Van Cott, Mary - Ann Hooper, Catherment of said societv we had been singing, all who have lived in Stan-disAdelaide ine Mulliner, Smith, Betsy We therefore deemed it ueces.rv to elect Joseph's day should testify as long as they Maria Riley, M. A. Foster, M. Rhodes, are here, we should be thankful for the a visiting, committee of nine persons, one to each block to collect subscriptionsand Victoria Blairr Sarah Ann Remmingtpu, Gospel. The plan of salvation will reach Rhoda and-iieGrace Richards, Fanny Snalam, enquire- into the circumstances all, aud the baptism for thej1ead,is:not that eessities of the poor and report the same t Richardson,, Mary Jane Merrill, Kate Gard- - a most glorious principle? What mighty, the Prpm'flfnf nf the SrtMpfv kener, :m. tu. r ranee, jiargaret nui, liar- - order and love in the Gospel, when we are We have also ... an Appraiser. Committee of Het Phelps, Mary W. Pratt living our religion. How Joseph would, re.. turee persons. Together with a superin joice when he could come out and see those BY LAWS. tendence of work "Committee of three perhe loved. Forty-fivlawsuits were ' the be shall was nothing of name there sons, likewise. J . The society brought against him, yet are opened aud closed' by. called the Fourteenth Ward Female Relief proved against him, he was waited upon by 7 singing ancl prayer, and occasionally with Society. .. ,.. angels and was upheld by the power of J remarks by Bishop" Hoagland, and othej It shall be controlled by a president God. - He lived to receive all the keys and 2 brethren of the - Priesthood, who may oc- and two counselors, a' secretary and treasblessing, necessary for the. carrying on of casionally call in. Also by the President of urer, chosen by the members who shall this work; - he had to shed his "blood for r the Society. choose such officers as may be deemed the cause; when we see the famine and different things tliat are taking place we should Members are received or expelled by vote necessary. he to our rules and By Laws. . 4 according object shall; be the relief of the study what these things'mean, look to our ' destitute unemployed', and all .whom it selves that we are on the straight and nar-roP. W. Woodruff Prest. Phebe Woodruff, President; Mary' I. may have power to relieve or do good unto, way, we will need a good shaking to Home and Lucinda Southworth,Counselors; in unison, with the councils of the Church, put us in our places, if we turn aside or go 7 Saints. Kezia D. Pratt, Secretary; Agnes THoag-;- . of Jesus Christ of Latter-dacontrary- to the teachings we have received. 7 ; t. .... v - . . " . . 6,-r-T- hese, . . " .; ; ; - Lu-cind- . . ' ' a ' ; . . . i the-2St- . ' j " ....... .'-- B-p- . aid . . . " I SEMI-MONTHL- Y " com--panysa- ng . . . . . - Mor-ley,;Ma- - ry -- - -- . - - -- X h, - j .. .. e 1 Our-meeting- s -- . , , ' . . - ' 3.-T- w y - - . 