M A JESi, EXPGN 1.T : ' u wui m umj aaj a UMUiic:icut in Kia waysbeen deeply interested, in the subject. minute of the .previdu inference were; few ' v words. We can have a time of reioic: The next was by -- Mrs. read and approved. Verbal reports of the. papei were seyeral branches in the Stake were' listened iher:---- I feci ... and her remarks I i.. Salisbury1, .directed to the exhibit of silk at the World, s to by the assemblage with great interest as to represent us at the Congress. They, can .'Faitaud hovjl3,: matter ' received ifs first they showed an increased desire on the parr promotion. . She spoke of many words of of all to perform their every obligation, highest praise which she had heard, for the President h;ast was sorry uiat .au ... me d silk which ;StakE.:wa$; silk portieres of her khetrio If you are of the world the'", world will love formed such a striking feature of the Utah willingness to labor as long as her Heavenly ' ' " exhibit, j Father desired her. to, and1 on the other, you. uut we nave oeeu caueu out irom ';"" Mrs! Caine's subject was "The Working. hand was ready to go whenever" He saw fit. Babylon v Paul said keep yourselves "unExhibit at the World's, Midwinter andjUtah-- I Counselor Mary L. Ransom read a circuspotted fro mt he world.- - If we gurad well np was mi rnnrtrp m , rnp py n nir n lar letter from President Zina-D- . H. Young ourselves Ave will Le sustained undeKall flairs; at each; exposition, and could tell better and Secretary E. B. Wells, on the necessity trials and .temptations through which we than any one Hhe. effect produced on the of making their annual pay meihs promptly may be called to pass. I wish wewere more ' ' outside world. " and regularly.'; The speakertheli followed united. If we were the Lord would bless V Mrs. :E.B . Wells divided politics have ga ve a short add ress with a few words of explanation regarding I 'us more abundantly, ' St.: .r on "The Future of ie Industry," and said the letter; also cautioned the mothers to us more man any tning eise inac ever our religion, "putting that President Brigham Young had. said look alter their children, keep them in at happened J that is was destined to become a great innight, know, where they are and what they-a- re our trust in the Lord. The ' Saints can , understand the signs of the times. The dustry, and t she felt" that his" remark" was" doing. about to be fulfilled and the time would. Meeting - adjourned until 2 p. m. by' American nation is on the move. All come when silk wilbbe manufactured here President Henry Merrill.' nations are in a state of unrest. ' We know by prayer singing, ' ' in great quantities. '; In tjie afternoon, the first speaker was that only through our faithfulness can we Mrs. StringhanY and Mrs. Clark made Counselor Serena Merrill who was over- - , be saved... We want to be prepared as vere short addresses on the proper care, of the joyed, to be with the ;sisters once more as it the wise virgin's. Our mission is to feed . had been some time asince slie- - had been the hungry, and perform other good eggs and worms. permitted to meet with them in conference works. May the Lord bless us abundantly capacity, owing to ill health. Felt that she with his holy Spirit. D .P.; A. REPORTS. I.S. was blessed of the Lord .and that He will 7SistefrJvTZ"Taylor arose with peculiar, F and prayers, bless all who strive to serve him. feelings. I desire your faith ' PRIMARY THATCHER. I that Stake Treasurer Mary Taylor; gave in J may say something interesting and beneficial. How good" our enemies are" Bore testimony-ther report. the divinity Tiie people of- Thatcher assembled at of the work, felt to perform her duty, was getting. I think we are in a perilous conthe Academvj hall on Thanksgiving- dav to dition. When our enemies are too good to to own her God etc. j .. witness the exhibits ot a conjoint fair, viz, proud Names of the officers of the Central us. v A has been said' "if we are of the the Relief, Society, Young Ladies and world the world will love us." There. is a Board in connection with the Stake were President Christopher Lay ton bemg great 'evilgr6ving in purmidst. .It's fault presented to the conference and unanimous- vita rii'u ovnrarcorl litictilf" sustained as were also three aids to the thndihg; ; With our leaders and those hold- a credit to those - who presided over it. It ly; in the Church. We should notj Stake Presidency of the Relief Society ' was a grand sight to see the different speciElizabeth Layton, Maria judge Not knowing the motive. V hear mens of needle work, and' all kinds of respectfullv , some say, I don't believe this or that is reand Mary E. Cluff, ; It was surprising to see how McRea fancy work.President East testified that these sisters quired of us, we are not united, have not many things were presented at the fair, were chosen by inspiration, spbke on and that faith and confidence we should have or n aa uy itii oiuv.il uuv. ctioiv, ciuu tiny encouraged home industry in its Various this conditions of things would not exist, ' thing that was anticipated for a newly orahches. I hope to see. the day when all will, fill their . settled place. There was a dress made by President W. Johnson and-- Elder George positions as they should, stand up for right, a little girl seven yers old, that would be never allowing a word spoken against our Skinner thought the sisters as well qualia credit to older ones. There were many fied to instruct and carry on their business labors.. A short time, ..ago I heard a sister; beautiful things made by the little hands," ' as were the brethren. Could see a gradual speak in" defense of a brother. She said.I it would be impossible to name them all. aint;-sis1ie7 ITvill not improvement. Said the ' race is notjojliej m...aXatter-da- y or the battle to the strong, but to the, hear him spoken of thus, without raising -' the- time of year. There were ho animals swift my voice against it: yT trust all my sisters but some canary birds that were raised by steady and faithful. CounselorRahsom cautioned the "officers will manifest the same, spirit under- the Primary girls. There were delicious cakes, of the Relief Brother Young once Society to be very particular same circumstances. pies arid jellies made by the little girls. to whom they loan their wheat and that said it the faints :lsustaiiinie-it-will-b- ehave- - goodsecurityT-and-th- at' irbe all right with them. If I fail to perform uer brackets, maps - drawn,-- in fact they they returned with interest. The speakers my duty God will remove me. If we are vvfrf mpntmn WAV VV VVW,W trr niimmn;"lT U Vil Kv J niir Pri seemed to be endowed with the rower-o-mary boys. There were nine presents God, and a ri good spi lTts7ihe7duly7v:ery Saint, to sustain the" awarded intheri mn ry department-for-theconference. out the I promise you in the name of authorities.' best work. The Primary was presided the Lord, those who doTwrong will be . Sarah Webb, Cor. Sec. over by the presidency of the Primary. removed. Let us be cariful we are not in Selena Phillips, President, Maria McRea; the wrong. Live as we may be led by the first counselor, Delia Curtis, second counseLADIES' MEETING. still small voice. Attend faithfully to our lor, with a committee to assist who were duties, putting our trust in the Lord; He Cyntha- - Layton, Susie Hendrick, Electa of Minutes held will bring us through, every trial victorious. Meeting Pace.. .Selena Phillips.. in the 14th Ward Assembly Hall Jan.; 26th In regard to my trip I am "about to take, I 1895. President M. I. Horue presiding. feel it will be impossible to do myMuty ST. JOSEPH. Meeting opened by singing, "O, say what without the aid of you my sisters. We is ; truth, etc' Prayerx hy, Counselor E. need your faith and prayers. We did good Editor Woman's' Exponent: Stevenson. Continued singing, "O, ye work on the. last we will not be trip, I'hope The quarterly conference of the Relief mountains high." Minutes of previous left one moment without the spirit of God . Society of the St. Joseph Stake met in the meeting read and approved,- also minutes We mingle with the best society. I hope Academy building at Thatcher, Friday of the. 1 5th ward Primary Association . ; the Lord will tell us when to stop or when Dec. 7th, 1894 at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. President Home felt sorry no more of to go on. I have no desire to go only President Wilmirth East presiding. There the Primaries sent in minutes to be read. I trust ! my duty. may do noth were; 011 the stand William Johnson arid It gives me much "to" to listen the pleasure to disgrace the cause I go to represent ' Henry Merrill of the Stake presidency, al- reports of the Young Ladies' and Primary, ing I am pleased to have an to tel opportunity; so Patriarch P. C. Merrill besides 'other of am buuy luere IS SUCH a the world of our good and "intelligent girls, the brethren. . ; off in minutes to falling these iff sending and the works good AfteT the usual exercises of singing, and being done. jSisier . I hope the good spirit and" in- Zina Young is feeble, still meetings. she is willing to prayer by President. Willian Johnson, fluence present at our last meeting,, will Jae come forth and perform her duty. ' Sisters, . y-- . V . . -to- -- :surrxrt-tiiesisteTSrchosei'r CJ -. I " home-weave- : - ' . . . . ; : . . : I 1 Let-.us.liv- . . : . J -- : ;,'--- - ; ' ; ' ; . - . . ' . ' 1 : -- -- -- t o - - 0-,- 0 . Pri-mar- 4- - c "rt- y. r- iug-offices . -- -' - -- . o - . ; . . - VWV AAA. W A W V K A A A f A. , SEMI-MONTHL- Y Semi-Month- ly ; : - . to-perfor- 1 " - ; :) 