' eloquence, 01 originality, or depth of thought, 'or breadth of semuiieut,:ywoiiH : tlie y , - ptkko with :E;rT0N : M ee ti n g -- opened singing, "All hail the Glorious Day;" Prayer waV offered by Elder james E;;, Hart, Singing, "Come listejj.;- ! -- - 1 PrptfvoicerheeramenO Lord was' administered during -- which supper;' the :. ' hymn. . choir sang '' ' ' ." sacramental ,a ' V.' - well-receive- d u ' . - ; . , ' - . -- " vice-preside- 1 : nt . -- 4 , . -- they-wou- o - : . N . " ; ' . " 1 ; -ful- ness-'of-thBr"-iemaiks " nt '" . - ; . A . t- - -- f . : -b- : - ' . . C , . ; . " . y : . ' . , , alljin-righteousne- ; 1 ss ,,(v If-- Counselor Elizalxrth Colling was the first speaker. ; She exhorted the sisters to It contained, several re- ably delivered. faithfulness and showed them that they '" umrkauie paragrapns wmcn taicen separhave a work cto perform as ; well as the ately would be .complete in - themselves .brethre.f, she urged the sisters to seek .for a which showed strength and conciseness, in testimony of the truth .'of the Gospel,' she yy thought and expression, bore a faithful testimony and urged mothers Mrsf Sewall quoted in the opening part to make home pleasant for their children of her address- these fitting words of" and gain their confidence and respect. Elizabeth Cady Stanton's, used in .the. openCounselor L. M. Hart, spoke, of the trial's v of the International Council in ing r888, and perplexities with which we are surand also repeated by Miss Frances Willard rounded but they are placed upon us, that at the first session of the National Council we might prove ourseK'es worthy of an in 89 1 . ' 'A difference of opinion on one exaltation in the .kingdom of God, she question must notprevent us from workinjg Urged the sisters to study' the principles of unitedly in those on which we agree." the gospel, and live up to - tlieni," she . bore Mrs. Sewall further says, "To work, toher testimony to the truth of the gospel and gether with those with whom one does not urged the. sisters to so live that they might be"! mpossible to agree hajjenthought-thave theSpirit- - of God to gu ide them; and indeed even of. women,' during the era through the trials of life, said the spirit of central the motive of organizationorganGod had illuminated the darkest hcurs of izations has been to bri ng together those ' v . her life. who do agree." Sister Mary liagley;. said trials come up- - -R. S. REPORTS. The National Council has already proven on this people through; neglect , of duty. that ".women, who differ very xmaterially on Urged the sisters to be faithful in perform- The Annual District Relief Society Con- ing matiy vital matters may harmonize and their duties, said there is over 4,000 fraternize in such a way as' to do good and ference on the East side of Bear River was branches of the Relief Society and over 27;- effective general work along the. lines of held at Mbntpelier Feb. 24th, 1895, Stake 000 members; vhen ne neglects her duty it progress, upon which all womenwho work President Julia P. Lindsey- - presiding. does hot retard the, progress of her .society for humanity must be able to stand firm the the choir, Meeting opened by singing but only' the one who fails to perform her and. steadfast for" the overthrow of ignorcome Saints." "Come, ye hymn, Prayer duty, slie spoke of the pleasure there is in. ' . ance nnri ininctir by David Osborn. "SingingT. "Now let us doing good to others, we should be chari- The most celebrated women of the rejoice in the Day of Salvation." ; t10 il.. t.LU me poornuJ neeuy . 0 tauic "' ' made few a President Lindsey, Council, whose, names are known, "far and remarks, Elder Hart bore testimony to the trut after , mentioning the. President were stating the purpose for which we had met wide, of the sister sy he ' Susan B. Anthony, Frances E. Willard,. together . after- - - which the various - wards spoke on the subject of charity, and showed Rev. Ariiia Shaw . Rachel Foster- - Avery, wg.re favorably represented by their respecthe way blessings are derived from .being Lady Isabel Somerset, and the Countess of tive presidents whose names are as follows.-Preside- charitable to those less favored thaii solue ..Aberdeen; folio wing, these one. might give Hagansen of Montpelier. Presit of us. ya long list of names of distinguished women dent Vanof mam6 of Bennington. President John A. Bagley spoke of the humility of who make this grand Council famous by Fret well "of Georgetown . President the Savior, said his labors were among. the the brightness of their past records ill the .Dalymple, of Preston: President Dalton meek and: lowly, said - the" sistersaf e per- -' of--r President-Spar- ks of Thomas Fork various lines of work, of reform, education, forming a similar work that our. Savior no one nzii: was from ""astliere ;Di a r d an scieircer present philonthopy,l iterature, he spoke of. the evil that is Were we to enumerate them it would Soda Springs,, that ward was1 not reported.' performed, upon the earth through immorality President Lindsey was pleased With the coming mothers mean column after column of names only; to see that their sons and but their beautiful, faces, their glowing. reports given also thankful for the good urged daughters lead moral and virtuous lives." countenances beaming with su perior. hi - condition of the Relief Society on this side President Lindsey spoke a short time on teliieence. made k setting fair to look unoiiS of the river as this shows the sisters are the' subject of women's suffrage, saidfshe en. irii proving, Said; we have a great labor to in that assembly, neyer.td be erased from wfas anadyocateof3vo'men havingqffal-TighTswlthmITie m inds of those! whcyTlavafier da v perform, as daughters of Zion, and there is She spoke of continuing f weare to gazed upon the H ving pjcture;. and studied grea t lessingsHn-store'foiTlis-i celebrate the seventeenth of March the of its in faithful, we should remember the teachings of our Savior and try to follow his worthy anniversary of the Relief Society. Confertense value to. the nvorld of mankind. ence was adjourned for orie year by singing Taken as a whole the Council has left its example and be kind and charitable to-- , ;Love at home. " Benediction by John to ourselves not wards wer and and all, allowing the the indulge impress upon" po age, : force of such magnificent efforts and sue- - iii selfishness for our Heavenly Father is Bagley. Jane Osborn, Asst. Sec. . not pleased with" us when this is the case, cesses will be felt for good upon the people of the world in this and other lands. we should be thankful for the trials we are M I N UTES OF THE PROCEEDINGS .OF THE The- - good word will be repeated and called to pass through, for they are calcuELEVENTH MEETING OF THE NAUVOO echoed and reverberated until it shall reach lated to strengthen and purify usrand to ' y" "'"'.. RELIEF SOCIETY. .' y President a for us. of sphered higher foreign shores and the islands the,sea; prepare the gospel "of better things, the hour of Lindsey gave good and timely , inPpesident. Joseph Smith opened the meeting by prayer: and proceeded to ad promise of the good time coming will begin structions, especially in regard to the storfaithful Said Christ came to illuminate dark and benighted nations ing of grain, she bore a testimony dress the congregation. Latter-dato call sinners to repentance and save them. to the truthfulness of this great through such vast concourses of enlightenChrist was Condemned remarks ed peoples as the Council is bringing to by encouragby. the righteous work, and closed her ing us to make eood use of the time and Jews because he took sinners into his gether talents which God has given us that we society. He took them upon the principle Women have. made rapid advancement during the last few years, especially has it may be able to give a good account of our that" they repented, of their sins. It is the been noticable since the International Coun-ei- l "stewardship. object of this society . to reform persons not to take.: those that are corrupt, but if they of 1888, and when in 1898 the National Meeting adjourned until 2 p. m. SingCouncil of women of the -- United States ing, "Come listen to a Prophet's voice." repent we are bound to take them, arid by kindness sanctify and cleanse from meet and transact business as an Upper and Benediction by Charles Bridges. . . M. A. Pkrkins, Sea ( Lower House, perhaps public sentiment by our influence in watching - . V . ' uu as a.cruic. The opening- address by the .President' was full of suggestive ideas," and was most i , A ' t'i . o m'SZ tu-se- ; writers iicope Where tliere is so much to ad mi remand-ttry and comprehend, so much that. is lofty and brilliant, wise and tender, one cannot specially un- - even among men will trtfgyi n 'to-wards equal suffragelmd equal privileges c regardlessbf the conditioirof sex. ' r Amcjng Ihis grand body' of women who met day after day in Metzerott's music hall in Washington there were seven from Ut,ah who took" part in the proceediugs.aud and it js only fitting and proper to say .'they - acquitted themselyes creditably and ; ivere and' accorded everywhere every privilege, that could have been exThe Utah pected. represented , two of the great organizations 'vvliich. compose, the Council, the :Natioual Woman's Relief Society 'and the Young Ladies National Mutual Improvement Association, and the President of each of these great Associations is 6r the National .Council of, the vomen 6 Qhe United States, and has a voice in all measures, and irir all questions that come before, that august body of women. The' women who are members of these organizations should try to become acquainted with theMDbjectsv aims and,puposes oLthisgreattx)iisoirdationr of ld Vomehs National Societies' and more fully appreciate the reason s why representation therein is so desirable. -- - 