; : .... . . ; A ... . r- -r 'i r!-;- -- ne.. , . 'V'", .Aw , ., - - .. . r::: V;-i- sr , i ; . , A tiwll ni uie reared at: I. . . ' tvv-- --- ...... ----v- - t;Vnoa;;u'alt an oldand valutI ,, : oi- these-- . . v '' - eointorubly Mtti ited. ut .her. .new frrciiilsof fi.rm,,. iiomo; alo many othyr . friend o dc-a-r in thi i t..)mc .. . were my c;u panious, ia whom now I do wol see. I.' . - I j li t I l (I llTlilTlF:! . I I .. I T I industry, .made homes in the' ..'desert.". . Iieai t was drli w n ;mi t to wards.l-- t My reecs. Mv see ho .v they , those are my eouipinum-;Uictrlr'where vi tr suriusndmgs,.aiid ur and toiled in this desolate region to obtain 1 nere was I: once whom delighted. .1 to. turn did .try" my ccutihtially. vainly.. the coin forts of life. and hvaugeltre, Mary; Mercy Ruth. Rachel, thoughts to'gojLxi.-had an excellent ajiiference wiich 'And the. Angel -where--aruov?, in as a'.raatch so they much not no I had various light, h ind and wept as he. was well' represented from ..the the' widow's of graMed' I had stores Because y? my jx:ktt-rwhThe people 'are alive and zealous them! They'ie ''Alas!For In the hence replied, precaution--powder-imy care, by for the truth. President Larseii 'spke very They Wye been, deceived and seducedtheir. a little while the evil had. such mastery urged encouragingly' to the sisters, al. wiekedncuy who wooed and won 'over me, that I became 'alarmed! Stopping lie sustain the to them and ruin." in my walk I took off my hat with my left " virgin love, but to defile and as though there had been s.iid, conveyed 'much useful information 'tliereHvas; And ' towards hand then my right raising hand, and the widow saw them should be' liberally patronized. : heaven, I prayed earnestly to the Lord to a veil withdrawn, of theiV I should nut forget to mention the high torment, there deliver me from the power of evil, and give, alaroiT, in the place And ., appreciation held by the people generally of of teeth me a good train "of thought, that might be Was wailing and gnashing ' aiui re- - the' labrrs and influence o( Apostle"ivy mail : she sore, saw them she "wept was .when That and prayer ad-- " profitable. .cheering for she- - said, surely I who visits) them occasionally and. they to fused comforted, le the results of one immediatelyanswered;and withal 'observe' the do remember them, when they were pure as here to his coimsel and of that night's meditation wav .... word of. wisdom' the angels. ' WIDOW. OF THE was On Saturday there 1'pOR Tllli PARAULE air interesting "let thy hand- Ami lit said t(f the ane-elrr onfereiice showing tliat the child- .There was in the city a certain poor t nnv h,p,. iro vlnwn iiuw.- an(lW)luek-rPrima, rciiare well cared for. A young lad, from widow, who fearetl - God, and 'wrought them as bramU-frothe burning?" ; Oraugeville.whose name I did. not ascertain, And he said unto her J,how?" righteousness; and to all the anxious care and toil of rearing, her fatherless children, And she said, "I know not, but it was 'i sp ke' beautifully and seemed e'specialry v . there was added unto her much bodily promised me that I should be a messenger' adapted for presiding. After meeting we returned to IJunting-mercafjlicfion, she was a great sufferer, v of xAercy.- Now theretore if there, be anil a meeting was appointed in the And it came- - to pass in process of time, in heaven that can reach even these,, vSiter; Larseii, nt, when her children were grown up around n uhwcrn)nv.n to them and Tell them?" I' evening. KV her, and she began. to look to them for that And he said unto her, "go and prosper: Sister Irvine, Sister Cox and Sister Pulsifer met with the sisters from which I begged to comfort and consolation; which in her be and the blessiugs of all' be upon-thee- , somewhat weary, F retired she so much needed that she was cause thou hast prefered'it before all honor, to be excused sorely disappointed; even in this long, seek and to'save the outcast! For behold eirly and next morning we returned to cherished hope, of her widowhood. For the bosom of the great 'Father of all, doth. Price where a meeting was appointed in the one treated her with cold indifference, and yearn over these with exceeding compassion, j evening. , On Monday morning, we bade seldom spoke to his mother either good or because they sinned not willingly, but farewell to our kind friends and proceeded werej niuch her M. A. Hvde. caused bad." Another had pain deceived Now therefore, thou art a mes- - j homeward. by his misconduct, and as age and infirmity' senger of mercy unto them: 'Awl many AN KARLY SKLNG-DaV- . increased upon her, and there was no one shall be for tiiy 'coming, for they shall glad to condole and comfort hejjthe poor widow's be redeemed and sahctiiied," from. all Brook and breeze were sinin heart' began to fail, aud her spirit to sink jyet their filthiness will I cleanse them, sa.ith Rejoicing to be free, within her. And she began to say within the Lord! And surely I will avenge them All the earth was sjjnL-- herself, what availeth me that I have, toiled upon their heartless deceivers in. that dayr. "To life, o'er mount and lea throughlaliliiese-lonwhen I will cause them to be clothed in Rosy day was dawning, foFthe benefit of my children?.: And in the the to and clean white and' sing garments Athwart the e'astern sky, anguish of her spirit, she cried unto the songs of the redeemed, in the society of the Merry birds where chirping. Lord. Saying "0. Lord, wilt thou be angels, while their seducers, who died 'as "Glad Spring is drawing nigh.' pleased to make known to thy handmaid f they lived, impenitent shall be left to writhe Winter's reign is over how alt these things can be made to work in their torment!" v All nature seemed to speak, ; together .for good, according to the And because thou hast desired this at my Spring the glad And the Lord answered the hands, blessed art thou, and behold; F do promises?" poor widow according to her.requestt.and- irive unto th"ee"iTn5fomtse: ''rTTataintlie Flocks roam o'er the hillsides, her. And he blissful emotion, of that holy heaven born " a r . Cattle from stall are freed, me poor wiuow v spate comiorting woras 10 it affection, when thy maiden love wras wooed xIIe said moreover, look- around now upon and Spring's storehouse is opened, Avon, shall Fe renewed unto thee, in all vale and. mead those that have health and wealth in its and increased' unto thee in all.' purity, ro Came earth that morning, abundance: where are their bowels of its delights for ever and ever! fGuileless and nqdefiled, mercy to wa rds the afil icted? B ut thy su - : v Wiixiam Crouch. Seeming gift from Heaven, ferings have increased thy compassion, now ." To Gladden with its smile,. VISIT TO KMHRY STAKE. 7 thereforey iFthou wilt continue iir well doWith spf adorning; ing, and possess thy soul in patience; thou Editor Exponent: V In jts awakening bloom, shalt be. made a mother in IsraeF a messenWith love's fond caressing, According to appointment we, Sister ger of mercy!' And wlienjthe poor widow heard these things, she was content, yea Mary E. Irvine and myself leftrth is City for Welcomed, to heart and home. All the world seemed singing; her heart, was filled with joy at the prosEmery Stake on April 17, arriving at Price Peons of praise in song, p.; nr. Were met by President 'Relief pect of doing good. j widow Sister Sarah Cox and conducted But it came to pass that the poor I Society, Airs from Eden laden, - -died! And was earned by the angels into 4 to Bishop Frantzen's" .; where we "vesT .Float round the newly born. Yea her spirit did hospitably entertained and held meeting in Abraham's bosom. Summer, Autumn, Winter, soar towards heaven, even as the lark rises the evening which was well attended.v. Again come spring's fair dawn, of full in the And is .The laid out rejoicing! and many 1 One brief year morning up City nicely on the way she was met and embraced by beautiful shade trees planted. On iSth, we Then to life immortal born. the lioly ones, and she was glad because she proceeded "in a ' carriage over very rough March 24th!. L. M. Hewlings. with rav A ('ill t;, t vvuU,-- ,r t pm .,;,;,', :t cc!d bitiii : " : .r. rey liidaaly ; And sae said to haye-'hrbre- . . ' i . . . . . set-tlemeiit- : s.' ' ! - ; . lxiV'.vhieli, ; j ;, i j j i . -- t -- - ! -- . ' ' . y j . Stake-Preside- ' . V- -' 7 AN-- . con-ditio- n, b-in- g . " . " j , ' . - g years-of'sufferii- . ig" new-come- r, " - itr-irrraiTFeTTocbmf- ort. ' . .. 1 a : ' . . O'et-mounta- in . " "V . ing-time- 's . " , . . 1-- 30 - I : - earth-give- . .' . ' n, -4 .,v- ' 