WQMAN'is 'TV both from her ijnclt "and Lady u uui ;i ijook mis Woman m m' Kf .. what t- ''IS Wg 1 : i ln,,- , .yu., .ui...av3)iwmvj I - i licit! Wal-- , ; -- .. . - rfW' rci W4 v:,. ' .4,Mur uuiunrii l ' ; J!; :.::niiy auairs. -- IV V W - . m;e-.sirs- , a 3 J liar- - i deep mterest in their Mic was as much impressed ,y:th Mr, Harrington, as 'the other members t t 1IU though sin ;'i the .iuuiujcuhu r.iile accept his peculiar doctrines ':'htin- " u intenselv Kiii'lisl. " Jie always loved .to listen Pv)ke in public, which he only 'canted' ' io do occasionally. Thanks to Miss Wal ton who brought with her across the sea all i of the old castle, even to the , the letrenus -host stones ' and repeated theni 'to the j young j)eople, sp that they became familiar topics .and were handed down from' one Clarice made hergeneration to another.self famous in literary work a tendency she had inherited from her father Robert liar1 rison, and, some of her writings'are said to have been very strong and forcible for the (lav m which she lived and flourished, and " . '1 11 1 I kn,g-- ; ! rM.; - 7 V nt...l - i ; . j heretical-effu- s n,!, 'l.fanciiul. She rev,? nrri,( bnt devoted her life to jier mother and sou, flying before her mother, who after her death never seemed to have the same enjoyment in affairs she had always hitherto mani- . : fested. : .Meantime a family of young folks grew up and married some of them becoming . including Kd ward Hilliard the,son"of Edward and Clarice and grandson of Clair, and strange enough as fate would have it, he chose one of the Doctor's daughters, a f cousin, beautiful as a summer dream, but nevertheless of the same kin; another grievous trial for his grandmother, who had set her heart upon his following her advice in reference to marriage. All the characters mentioned have .long since been gathered home, into the unknown, and sleep securely their last long sleep. Jane Harrison learned of Sidnev Tikriiugtonsiittachment some years before her death, through Kate Walton in whom he confided on an occasion when she had inquired why he had never married or if he had been "crossed in love i in early youth. " lie replied that he had never loved but once and then unhappily, and as Miss Wal ton was very loud ot romance, and had the quite" " distinguished, , iia '"' ion'' a Iter ' oniric EXPONENT. 1101 r.i:r..,?-rT.. .J '111 thf nni,;i; .'. " L J I I I V A. ,fl 1 ; into Of i S r, . I 07 All- - iyauy ulw . , ' T Tt.ir'.. ! " J" I ui'Vl thro Uau Iciauvus . nre tnculty-of-obt- ' ai in ng-seeret-t- annatiuii nf she urged and persuaded him to make a full confession, which he did; she repeated the conversation in full to the lady "herself thinking it a good joke. Mrs., Harrison V'ok it seriously and it made her more tender and deferential towards her V end; and her only reply- to Miss Walton js "It never could have been Kate, I h'ved him as a brother but no more, and I know he has been true .without hope of reward, but if he had lovedx vou it : misrht h'tve been different, I only wish you two h id met before," Mrs. Harrison was assured, in her own mind, that Kate Walton minister an especial regard forr-thlife-lon- i g - , - ' tnoiigh hevayouligelioliglirto have been son. It is a pity to analyze too .'finitely the hearts' of men and women, een though they died long 'ago, that they ere human' is doubtless true of all who have ever lived, and we venture the opinion Kate Walton and Sidney Barrington "'"ere no exception to the conlmon ruleof all the world. Miss Walton died in .America an "aged th-at : m tr 1A a recitation. Hansen gave , instructions the children r euraged M a nan lieudnt O"" m. me rrimar . iecueu "rovcrty l'laj ues." "Welcome, rtf' by a class of, girls. Sister Hannah. Grower read an- original address entitled "Our Prophet Brigham;" alsJ spoke a short , - ' .1 " ... . - ' : - ' . ms not: mucli is known r ' 01 llke characteristics woma"' , Jaue but she Lomvay, lived in the . 1 time. Questions and answers rrhnnt rhil- dren were aijswered by a class of s;nali boys.. iLibbie and Maggie Johnson' saug 'a song. Hazel Robinson recited "God sees." h ?f Stake Counselor Emma B. Pike spoke a "Ib short time giving excellent" iustructioji. ' castles and great elms, and oaks, and parks Willie Adamson recited , ' 'A boy's an.(1 green fields and hedges-t- o her family--1 Alvaretta and Orella Merrill re-- , with many incidents of interest not men' cited a dialogue entitled "Helping Mother." ." tianed here, and she' Mertie Harris recited "Every inch a, man." descent and of the'inheritance of good blood, Resolutions of respect in loving rememand an honored name, and of the brance of Eva Ann Brower were read by' especially remarkable ' woman, jane Conway, Harriet E. Lawrence. and this prophetic 'Resolutions of respect in memory of Eva of their race inherited much daughter of their Ann Brower a member of the- Richmond nouimy, tnough she had not the wealth to Primary Association. It is with sadness we which she was legally entitled. record the death of 'our little friendEva7. In the early days of the preaching of the the beloved daughter of Henry and Annie trlast this in ..Gosl Browt r who departed this life after a lingdispensation, this grand woman of refined temnehniMt sickness and gentle blood, embraced the truth and ering seven Aug.' 29th, 1894, aged ten months and fifteen days She years cast her lot with" the peculiar who was a lovely, dutiful child and held the re- people in the Western States, and there gathered of all who were acquainted with her. she commenced to lay a foundation for the spect Therefore be it resolved, that we her redemption of her noble ancestry, which it friends and associates hold in remembrance is ardently hoped her posterity will the life of one whose actions in the past continue, for it is evident from the records of these merit the reward of. the faithful, and be it families they were people of destiny. also, 7 Resolved .'that in her death our association has lost one of its' most promising mem-- ; R. S. & P; A. RKPORTS. ' ,. " " com-plaint- ." . '..-.- d strong-minde- ' 1 - ' -- . - , bers, far-of- " t rA . . j - ma- " And be it further resolved that a copy of these resolutions be given to her parents Editor Womans Exponent: and also a copy be placed on the record of Thinking you had not heard from us our Primary Association." tor some time and it being advisable to Bishop William L. Skidmore spoke a write a few' lines to' your valuable paper, I short time counseling the children to be. do so with pleasure. obedient and do what is rights Our Relief Society was reorganized on Singhis:; "We are the cliidriLurtfthc Sanrtsr"- TTenedictioirbyCounselor Chris-emlij)f SlsTer tian Hyer. M. A. Hubbard, (nearly "President, eighty years of age) still acting as presi-denMinutes of the afternoon session of the she has been our .president from the Primary annual meeting, President H. II. and her trusty counselors and mem- - Fisher presiding. Singing love at home." first, bers feel to try and make her responsibilities Prayer by. Sister Mary Allsop. Simrimr as light as possible, and are trying to do all 1 "Live for something." Minutes of the me gooa tney can mere lias been some afterncon session of the last Primary Anni- severe cases of typhoid fever here this faIL --versa ry vere reiicPand accepted. Sarah of a ligineTloTm, but all are get Smitli recited "June queen of summer. for better which we are all ting now, very Wesley Merrill and Pauline Hendricks thankful. sang, "Children's day." Sampson and Gocf to all bless who in labor the Praying Leroy Webb recited a dialogue entitled good cause. "The Deacon." Effie Tippetts gave a reciWe remain as ever your sisters in the tation. Questions and answers entitled "The Church," wrere recited by a class of Gospel. small girls. Julia and Jessie Hendricks Mary Ann ''Hubbard, Prest. T. Wells, Sec. BirniiAii sang "Bessie Fair." Bertha Monson re-' Charlie Webb cited "The Explosion." RICHMOND. and Company sang, "The Mormon boy." Minutes of the 1 6th annual meeting of Sister Mary Allsop recited "The power of God." Stake Counselor MaUie B Hansen the Richmond Primary Association, President Harriet 'Fisher presiding. Singing, spoke a short time. Song "I .cannot. catch "Beautiful Zion." Prayer by Sister Sarah tne sunbeams bv a class ot smalLgiris. -dialogue jeli titIedTLeariung to smoke," by" Stocks. Singing 'Gather up the SunRoy Burnham, Willie Barnett, IUmer Merbeams." , Minutes of the last anniversary rill and Bertha Johnson. Erma Griffen "were read and accepted. Also the Financial gave a recitation. Inez Raiuey and Flof- and Statistical report. The first on the proFlora Burnham gramme was 'a' dialogue, entitled the ence Pet y sang a song. 'Greatest; Man, by Lowell and Hattie recited "Little1 hero." Eva Gridla gave a; Emma Sorerisen recited "A recitation. Mrs Belle Petty and company Merrill. Nettie and Lydia sang a cong Stake Counselor Emma B. welcome address, " Pike spoke encouragingly, to the children. Schow sang, -- 'Let it pass." Lawrence Monson gave a; recitation. Caroline and President Harriet Fisher thanked all for Annie Anderson sang, "Song of little Ma- - their help in making our meeting a success WILLAKD, BOX IiLDIvR. - r . " - - t, ;. j " . -- and-ome ' - ; . -- - . . 1 ' - . ; v - 