1 02 Honor of Miss. Anthony and lor the .... ..uu;rcflO; 1 JiaVt Lad JL for hi-- r years. .In 'finishing, my school days, not .my:cuucuuv Mushed, school days;, in Jiocheter,-- ' New Init' Hay in . It XT R ACTS', ff-'- -- II. - cr w-v- f ' ! Lyceum lli . uJ V k ; ,,,;,;$ f fr . a lf u f It II. 1. - a.' a .aa "a ' . . 'jteviv?Uiach women and take them . -- -.- .! ' friend of mine the Hon.- Geo; A?7 nled ' .memory we cherish, out of the ruts. They teach 'them to know y 10 h?0I Hollister had a great, admiration for Miss-- f.r nr "cognize the,pow-- - themselves, to value the sacredness of home ri,.i -n,cn as and otkerhood, to contend against exist- "Anthony, ana ne got me interested t V' V ' tork md to apply needed remedies, and when dvasughteen. years of age.and from ' at have I the Lyceum to adopt business methods. that timeou luoked.ujvm her work Was in'lT'l a Thought-then our .her .'for clubs are scaring he iland have in- 'oile, "highest . and have' honored.; courses ing, and thought-sharinis the foundation tereted myself, aiid been in sympathy with 1 arc nl.tVm .V ...... us.io piuicipie oi an cm tne principles uiai ?ne nas advocated. KIjm-tin- ineir euucatinir the P.irt.r?T. r ... , . ... t i i r r cm n rL rs il .11. wauuui uu incusurea oy ine iew tacts (ipp.aurxj.y j. um uui ncic io say wnatshall I t is here difficult in Utah done especially but lam hereto .be presented." As the stone thrown into "briefly -r on this large subject, and also difficult to the water creates endless circles and ripples, .say" that the women .all . over the" world avoid should-dtheir very best, that they, should trenching upon the ground of .Home so must p'urjhought currents act Education.. To my mindr any education upon the lives of others. The great club : take upon themselves and help place upon which does not find its root and sustenance movement is to me part of the Divine them the authority to do that which will a in home-iof our time,, Where it changes old demake them the best mothers, the best wolamentably fective. The Woman's Club educates men and the best part of humanity. both and established things it improves and'ciT- As sexes. uvery woman carries to the man nches: every step forward must be measur to what has been .said this "morning I am in full sympathy, but what I have to say to near her. the influence of the club, and yet erl b' tue ruIe of wisdom before taken; we have in our own State women who dare ever' OIie mu:st come to'teel that "this tre- you just now is to repeat what I have said t i .1 not 1.,...,.. belonir to a cluh , .a.va, mv.i.iuuLo tum.auc iuicc is, idr ueyoiui ail of my respect and admiration for Miss AnUll.ll lllalUailU.) .. This ignorance and prejudice is pensoiial pettiness or prejudice. ftr silr. thony and for the great work that she has .oppose-itfast wearing away." for quite recently a rounds the invalid in her the done and for her colleagues iu this work." business mother for her man was the minisprominent heard I to child; and trust the day is coming to Utah, as I mourning say iii Vthat ter he his could affo'nl not to hi nermit pulpit, and the orator on the platwif'Q believe it is all over the Union when in "j form. to It membership supplements the schoobroom and lapse, for the club was a every state there will be a Suffrage Flag, ' social force and which makes the Higher Education affected his business:" college, when before the door of every home there The least conspicious and most retiring truly high, aiming toward a "perfected will be as we heard in one of the churches L member nny often be a quirt to.v.-l- of humanity. Thus shall we pass on, from yesterday, 'a family dag, but here in this J because she has been educated out nature to immortality. country that it shall represent the father strength, Pf weakness into a broader development, Katk Tannat Woods. and the mother, the son and the daughter and is capable of influencing others'". with all the privileges that can make the t" Much of the success of the Kindergarten very best of their opportunities not only for NATIONAL AMERICAN W. S. A.- is due movement to ted discussions the'repea . themselves but lor the world around th'em oi the question in clubs The mother s Amendments to TWnrart?Piil;.r1vinWt;T.ori,'i of N. A. W. ?Vd ih was expressed by one of the speakers: A S. f"1 llC proposed by Harriet Taylor Upton. f fill 11tlfll rri this morningw in that which particularly To amend X section I by striking to accept it. ficiently the' to out the word four in second sentence and belongs women, home, the school, Every theory of education must depend substituting live instead. To amend bythe morals, the goodwhich is desired by largely upon women for development; they law X section II by changing it to byrlav "every true woman should be helped along; are as the in and the teachers, majority day XL lo amend and I believe that it wiUnrr l.f rlnim sun. !. "X section 12 hv . . doubt ksscomevvhe.1 school u,ll g supinntea-ha,lgijlit t0 by.hvv xtI. To aracnd by-:assfully until women have the ballot. dents will be at least equally divided among law X section 13 by changing it to Applause, v .' sexes. Men hnd little time for detail, XIII. To amend the Miss Anthony: "I want to present to you little by' adding' by--. for of the and children, study they law XIV as follows.' .These" ".Mrs. Bathsheba, Smith whose husband was t leave such to matters gladly one of the first men to speak for the woximeirdeiLby a two thirds Vote at an v an our sex: Club nual . t .1' II meeting, one day's notice having been ui, umu iu nuve me oaiiot-11ine uays women have almost invariablyTjcen selected given in convention. Amendment to congone by.. He was in the. legislature and for or school supervisors committees, stitution; proposed by Louisa South worth: upon did his utmost in that direction, he did s as they have informed themselves concern-inThat the name of this organization be simquite as' much to help submit aiuLI 'various methods. of education in the ring-'inplified by expunging two adjectives, Ameriformation many of the laws of their clubs. can and Woman, and that it shall adopt for" this Territory, as other man and his any A bright woman, writing from the Far the. future the more convenient, title of nowt. .13 '...nil wen kuuwu among'it... me people as is ..uuiul S uifrage-- A ssocia tiorn West, says, "I was utterly forlorn when I aibo tne name ol his good wite. Applause, j see in an old you" l!chaced"lo Kii.MARKS UY aMJKS. HAT HSIIKBA SMITH. in about some newspaper brought goods an XOTKS AXD XEWS; item concerning a lecture on 'food.'' We to lie here and I have listened , with great live in sl section of country where food is .Miss Alice Fletcher is a delegate from pleasure to what has been .said this mornabundant and money scarce. We need jto the Scientific Association to the Congress of ing, and I rejoice in the1iope .that we. will be instructed concerning the value and soon become a state and 'that women will Americanists,5 which will meet in the city nourishing properties of food, and especialof Mexico, October 15. have equal 1 did not expect to ly concerning the diet of growing children. suffrage. he called Mrs. J. Kleen Fo.ster will speak for upon to speak as I never was a Out of this desire, with your help, a club and six even some ten was speaker, but am a worker. care to formed, I don't riding woman suffrage this winter. Her subiect add many words when there are so real 'a a 'as hear to miles read, paper. will be "The Ballot and the Cradle,'.' She paper many able speakers here to address you, but I they say, 'exactly' the same as the ladies in will explain the relation of woman suf-- " Wl11 A few mouths after frage to the home and the State. Boston listen to. say that Tarn verv $?lad to be here." , Applause. the formation of the club our, correspon, n. San Francisco, Cxt.t has accordiug to 14 Miss We have all got to. dent wrote: We are more than" happy for the Anthony: Searchlight, . at. least four women Preach this " l am glad' to here tiiiisplringjjv morning notaries in that city: Mrs. Ralph Smith,. and I hope if there is" any one" here who friends. You are helping us to a broader Miss Hanson, Miss Addie Ballou, and Mrs. does not ' get called' out nersonallv. whose anrl hotter education. Phillips. to the bear is movell to schools . testimony Our public ' say "I am glad to be pirn better Miss Anna Gordon has been made clubs:, women's to understand that t here is perfect of work heedoni to say what larger grounds. sanitary plumbing, A merican- Seeretaryi"1T:ierI voit wish. Mrs. Wells -manual training, music, House Cycling Association, the leading wnst-l5rrhe people and I see she is fewer home' studies, physical' culture, woman's cycling: club in London. Miss drawing, ging up another lady now, Mrs. C. H. cooking,of Salt Lake City, vou will: recbg- - political economy, and kindred topics' were Gordon has been for many years .Miss Wib ' tii c uathe. discussed "in clubs everywhere before they lard's private secretary. York, a in-he- ' ; r J 'vf -- ln - -- - . rpn, : j 1 -- ,.;-,.,.- . is-t- j Ft-graduat- kindof-profit-shar- - e. g j , k . to-da- -- -- - ' . : f-- I r 4 11 I . to-writ- y, - j -- o I evo-lutio- well-ordere- d u s " .... " . ' j .sick-roo- j ' ; I j j - j j ' ' I j i ' - I by-law- u' i -t i- r.-- , by-la- w bv-la- w ' I . bv-la- . by-law- w s - iii C a 1 " Tl 1 j j' per-hap- g to j ' 1 X'a-Jion- 1 ; L first-wro- te T 1 J? C If . - , 4 ' - ; - ? --' . .school-house- s, , . 4 . -- - m ' al 