4. 1 KU V. X'S. ,U!vS ij.11 iiic.::iixriu.;u-u-4;4 'l'UV-.idi!!- Picrfuielit - , . ' !lKOK.L - 1 l. ts r YV . 1 1 . ; 1 1 mve, ;.'!;. a' t '1 ami litre aua upon tins . ; thO . 1 'Maxv .'4,- -. M avcoCK , .Kuizvfiirni.kitrss. Secretary. .inks' co m ros k . ns ' ' K. B. V e:i?ls v:s d 1: n i ,. U'ne;.i ! I 1 - ; .' earlh, Fiiii-- '- . . We-have To receive the &lid message oar Father has sent, If in faith they receive it and truly repent Remission of sins to them would be given. And prepare them if faithful for the kingdom of heaven, Wight. .When aiiheted with sickness, privatioi and loss, You 'was called by .God's servants to take up ' . .your cross, And go to the nations the glad message to preach A plan of salvation, the gospel of peace. Anil while, on that mission how great were you " . - Your labors were crowned with the greatest success. ,x. And muiy, yes many believed oh your words And, the honest in heart av ere received of the Lord, On the isles of. the sea you've raised also your ' voice And caused many honest in heart to "rejoice! In the year thirty-nin- e with a brave li.ttle band.--- . went tojYar Westlo luTHlt a command. Which through revelation to them had been given The corner stone of a temple mlist be laid to ' ' . Jngli heaven Though wicked men raed and.' endeavored to ; . ; . .' - : . . Afternoon Session: Singing, "Once more come,." .Prayer by Folder Crawford. is thy work, 'my. God, my Singing,. - w-- . e ' Kin-- "': ' :' rcadbyv. - . Condensed report Secretary- Annie Wixom: President Olivia- Widerborg My heart is so full of gratitude.to our Heavenly Father, for His kindness to all of us, and for that . portion of the Spirit we enjoy today. If you want to be the guardian angel of your homes, even if you are wronged, do your duty; our work is to relieve sorrow suffering and the needy and it is a work of - . . peace. . Counselor Mary Wright: Charity is good, ,if we have it in our bosom, it will increase ' our faith. ,,, , Sister Susan n a lr- Booth We will all hvt7i-evar- d forwhat good we do, if we work together in unison and love'. .. Sister Cecilia Nelseii Sisters, do not be afraid to give to those who need worse than yourself, for "the Lord will give "you ten fold back; once in a while we feel -- crushed, thwart ana a kind word Will be a blessing. Trii plans of jtri jv.vi an I n to naught. Sister Ella Watkins:' I felt to jshowjjiyFilled with faith in their God they nobly marched ' Wllmmnpii in A on, ISinnirayTrigTrid tcusting till the great work was not have been .here.. I think: it quite, a ' done. responsibility- to use- wisely the means the And the Soatn-Eis- t corner of that te.nple was sisters liave donated. :. Sister Harding: I know the Lord will laid, ; : hear us, when we come before Him in the With none to molest them or make them afraid,-An. ' qn the same day, and upon the same ground Spirit of humility ; j Sister Thorne: T believe we are Our dear Brother Woodruff with honor was trying to " do the best we in our crowned, weak way. can, Sister Mary Jausen: If we do a little good, Wasordained ah apDstle of JesQs our Lord, it is more benefit to ourselves, than those The greatest of honor which on man is conferred. we do it to. : And now at the head of this people he'stands ir The mouth piece of God, anj revelator to maL Sister Boden: ' I feel truly we have had a feast, it seems everyone who has Filled withiionor, willi love, and integrity grand spoken, file's Jhe favored of, God, and the honored of" has been filled with the Holy Spirit. ' : man. SisterMary: FridahLOur -- Bishop has" LraA P. Rhf.f.ccalled two of each association, to visit wit h - VIEW. 11-ASAN- - . , R.S. REPORTS; Sister Owens:- We should be prayerful, and not look at each others failings. Sister Watkins: -jood meetings, it seems to me wc have had an increase of 7 " the flow, of the Spirit of. the Iord. :7 Sister Widerborg announced 4hat the sisters of" the Fourth rard had prepared a lunch for those from afar, in the vestry. "Truth reflects upon our. Singing: senses." Benediction by Klder Lyman came to this 1 ' also take the Deseret News. ... ,' . . ; : . . -- - . ' . . . t - - - i Editor :ILxpaiLcn - - - Knowing the interest you take in the Relief Society of Utah in particular, and in the advancement, of womankind in general. I venture after some delay to pen a few items from this settlement thinkinir they may be of some iuterest. We were organized January- iSth 1S76. Ye Reorganized February 7th "ib'93". have forty members and twenty-nin- e are a as committee. We feel working visiting united in our efforts and desire to be one in ' all bur works, that the spirit of tlie Iford may rest upon us in all our understandings. AA wheat on hand, and the sisters feel like increasing this a little each year, and doing their duty, to: wards the poor and needy. 7 . We commemorated the eighty-eightbirthday of our beloved President Wilford Woodruff.on March 1st, 1895. The Relief Society and the Young Ladies' of this place for the occasprepared a program suitable ion consisting of songs, ' recitations, etc. , . .' with picnic included. BOX KLDER STAKE All parties were invited, some We taking parts in the program. Thic quarterly conference of the RpHp enjoyed ourselves well duringthe aflernoou. - Society, of V. Box Klder Stake, convened in : " : . - . ' ' b.-i.nt'- ii ' - . . - 1 . " . - ' ' - - ' . d eliave-i62-b,ushei- h - -- , o . sof - " " " v v . : - non-membe- rs . v.- - feel we gain' ' I " 'Andalisdon mankind to repent of their sins, "blessed, . , To. battle with error, darkness, and sir., A croyn of life, and victory to win. In the days of your youth on missiorrs you've beeih -- . n "' . . ' r ' e ' . Prophv-f- , your spirit left it.-r- strength .from otir Ilea' veil ly father in 'L ineeting together. Sister Christine Jensen:. If only we. could . realize that we are the most blest jeople, Vve sonietimes will grumble but then we would ' '"' never murmur. ; Vfe read the Lectures on Sister Dewey: Faith in the Doctrine 'and Covenants, we kd wiu-- 1 1 of the 'Stake Treasury.. - Sistei Ilariiet llunsaker: bir-th- , -- ouf'or-ganiiatio- R ; 'r.v-r.a- . . v - (ivMnaU.the branches, d. : ' , ro ! j f Revel a tor,., and Strer, .VVTHve'thee, we biess thee thy name we revere, Amon tile mast noble th ti's jjved 'up an earth, We know tiioj art numbered for thy wisdom and ' .. , t worth. t Ti i ei ye irs .;nr;e the d sy of .your U'ehaii thev our - ' .. 1 NVt)ODKL'"F ON, II IS Kli.H ' 1UKTHUAV.. 4: ' - ' i' 'aislsi iiah" i l:tr pcr.-.4,vtST" on earth wc would attend to our "duties wc increase in faith. when ue Treasurer Rumic Graehl read the ry,i)ort J . - - - hy,SecrtUtX;''Afife : , ;: - Prer-idetU- rx ke. beautiful I v of tbeir President St-AV'tdorborg,' icrccntl-- the 'shitty ev branch wtli, and told lit te'ir,mie-.-granar- filled, Avittii'".Avheat to which they vere adding from year to year. Sister I;.,B. Velk Mike: upon .the live issue Of the day the iuestio::i of equal ' nf-- frage tlien jxindtng. in tile Constitution, 'had with referred to some conversation-slilmembers of Congress Qii the subject, while ifi Washington recently.had full faith that the section qu suffrage would be iuserted in the Constitution, .believed in equal political and women. Sister K. S. rightsor Richards felt women were a po'wer and should be in this day and hour, perhaps the opposition was necessary, but. we should, do all we coultLlo uphold; the question and be united and stand firm, referred to the ap- pfeciatioh of Utah votes in ..convention; in AVashingtou when she was there, Utah standing next to New A'ork, gave some account of proceedings in Chicago, Miss Anthony had asked her to .speak of and how proud ". she felt to ' represent theni. Mrs. Richards uiade a motion that all the women who' favored equal, suffrage in the Constitution stand, Mrs. Smith seconded,and. every woman in that largecoBgregation ' was on her feet immediatelv Sane IoxoTogy, adjourned until 2 p. m. Bene diction by B'. V. Smith.. cause. i 'Stal iCidt-- - -- effort. in vvurverV in C4- r : tte. tvisaiii,.t you s .... ... ;k1 : icit, rcic-- r , t v p t cd ; .; A. , nMiiosrt- j . vt r r t 11. . 1;' v,m --- . .The-.- :: tiiev t Olivia Widen bun'Sinuiuf "Our Oud wc come to V rA Jensen Cia.y ... ea -l y- - n vu--ttjprA'. m Match. oi ill the other.- - : . Sister Annie Bowrinir: If we are not BJ w110 Pced over us, we do not advance, and that is what we are here for.niiiia u. Madsonr Let us strive to per- - - - : 