s F Y PO K tv w Vol. 24. ntrvf ' Ike Women of all Nations. SALT I.AKH "CITY UTAH, DECEMBER " CONTENTS: greetings and kind expressions of interest in Utah affairs. To happiness clasp is to sorrowing choose. In tender adorning no blossoms are ours, We never have thrilled to the kiss of the flowers. We grieve no, past glory; oh, sorrows profound, He never wore garland who ne'er is uncrowned! ; Ejlen Battelle Dietrick-- E. H, V. Christmas K. K. U.AV. I'. C. ,X.6L- Are We Worthy--Ellis R. Shipp. Huntington Emery Co, An Evening In The Country E. R, S. Mrs. Stanton's Birthday' In St.. Georges-Cactu- s. One Christmas Eve. Twenty-eightAnnual Convention Of The N. A, W. S. X R. S. Report-Na- ncy 1 n Memonam. 1 1. Allred. S;; L. Co. V'. S. ACarrie C. Newman. Conference N. A. W. - M. . Jrant Mahy ' Major. h -- S; A.; ELLEN BATTELLE DIKTRICK. , The sudden and unexpected death of Editorial: -- Emma Celebrating Statehood. G. Bull. Editorial Notes. Poetry: A Revelation Alice Hoyt Hayes. The Message Of. The Pines Mary Grant Major. Ballad Of Lilies Genevieve Lucile Browne. A' REVELATION. Gaized on a scene I had known in my youth Before through the world I had ranged, And things were so difTrent they seemed not the ' same, , And I knew not 'twas I who had changed. I ; heard a sweet song 1 had heard when a child; But my heart did not thrill at the tone It breathed forth no spirit of love and of hope And I knew not the change was mine own. looked on a picture that filled once my soul, And.dazzled mine eyes with its sheen, But gone was the gladness it spoke to my heart And I knew not the change was in me. , I clasp the warm hand of a friend I had loved, But so difTrent he seemed and so strange My hero! I'd worshiped in mem'ry for years And I thought it was he who had changed. I - hV "my-yom- happy-mor- n, The same, yet it seemed not the same. E'en the walks and the walls had grown narrow and small, Then I knew it was I who had changed. Alice Hoyt Hayes. - THE MESSAGE OF-THE-PIN- j -- in--Mrs." ablest workers. Educated, cultivated and refined-- . Mrs Dietrick was well calculated to support logically and from the highest standpoint the principle of equality of "sex in Which she so firmly believed and which she advocated with such courage in the face of the strongest opposition, yet without any display of. antagonism or personal feel-- ' ing." AVilliam'Loyd Garrison in the Woman $ journal of Boston .says, "She was ever ready to break a lance against privilege, and the frequent provocatipn to do battle for her sex prompted her to exceepl her strength and was4the"proximale cause of her illness." "During the referendum agitation her newspaper correspondence was excessive. At the same time she prepared and delivered a course of lectures, and vvrote a yet unpublished book." Contrary to the general idea of women doing public service, Mrs. Dietrick - was a loyal and devoted wife, and a tenderand sympathetic mother. She leaves 0 husband and daughters, to mourn her, to them, irreparable loss; but they will have the cordial sympathy of all ,vho knew Mrs. Dietrick's great worth' to the world of - :" " ' humanity . vas a:Oive of Kentucky, r Mrs. Dietrick - but moved to the North, when she became. Only last winter when in Washington at-- . tending the National Council of Women,-thwriter recalls 'with what enthusiasm she alluded to the near "approach of statehood for Utah, and inquired as to the prospects for equal suffrage in the Constitution. When answered that it Was fully expected, as both political parties had declared for.it in their platform, she spoke enthusias-- . tically of visiting here in the near future, in fact she expected to come with Miss when the Anthony and Miss Shaw National Suffrage Conference uvA heldiu ( this city. Mrs. Dietrick was a charming woman and a delightful speaker, she had a good voice, a fine presence and her language was simply perfect.1 Elizabeth Cady Stanton says,-- "Those who knew Ellen Battelle Dietrick best, who had listened to her scholarly lectures, arid read her logical writings in journals and s magazines of the- day, can appreciate to the public; but none of us can estimate the loss of such' a presence to her family and friends. We counted Mrs. Dietrick among, our personal friends, we have had a number, of letters from her, and she interested herself sufficiently in our work to become a subscriber for our little paper, and mentioned it favorably and most kindly. E. B. W. in'-May- her-los- - . " r . j Mrs. Ellen Battelle Dietrick, on the 25th of November last, resulting from a surgical operation, was a "great shock to those who knew and loved her. The equal suffrage cause has lost Dietrick one of its " I I; returned" tolhe" home" of j i ' The Balance Of Life. - No. 14., 1895. 15, ES. . " - eeplHnterestedriuetive-wwkrfcTwomeii- ' T and in Boston and its vicinity she found a congenial and helpful atmosphere Mrs. Henry of Kentucky in her. Josephine-Dietrick says, blowing tribute to Mrs "Since she won the title of 'the Daniel Webster of the suffrage cause' we who only loaned her to Massachusetts, have taken special pride in the magnificent service Mrs. Dietrick rendered in the conflict for woman's freedom," she also adds later in her article, "The graceful left symmetry of her charming personality not a single angle, while her natural gifts and mental attainments rendered her at once the grandest type of American womanhood, and a stateswoman worthy of nide With reverent love The banners they lifted when summer winds .presidential honors. we pay this poor tribute to this apostle of v wooed?" L ... liberty." ladies of Through the pines went a murmur, a shivering Utah delegations Several of the had the pleasure cry, .have East in the And I knew they had hearts or they never, could when " of knowing this talented and genial lady, " sigh. Whose wit and brilliancy, as well as her bent heads low, dark O'er questioners sweetihe warm and tender heart and perfect manAs they whispered this message:' Oh joyous ones will ners, attracted them to her, and they know r ilkafSalive is to die, to havs is to losr Just under my window the delicate plumes Of the sweet Persian Lilac are swaying, While out of the midst of a thousand perfumes, saying? ph, what are the flower-spiritJustlisten, and lo! if the language you know, You will learn why the pines are all listening so; "Come dear golden sunshine, ccme cloak us about, Bronzed bees in your questings fly in and fly out-S- wift breezes paress us, blue skies bend anear,. And smiling take back the dew of each tear. ' We live! we exult! Is it pleasure or pain? Shall we desolate stand in the winter again, While the pines in their pride fling" to blusterings K, i, Keri-tuckian- s, CHRISTMAS. Was, or wasnnf thf birthdav of Christ? This day could hardly be Christ's Birthday as it was the height of the rainy season in judea, and shep!:erds could hardly be watching their flocks by night in the plains,' some saydiis birthday is in. Apr.il-buit is not kliowfi wlien it is. Yet the 25th, of December will always be observed as his birthday. "The inslifulton ol Ulinstmas festival is attributed to the spurious Decretals to Telesphorus (13661 A. IX) The first traces that can be found of celebrating Christmas was about the time of the emperor Commodus (1S0 92 A. D.) In the reign of Diocletian, while the ruler yas keeping court at Nicomedia, he learned that a great many Christians' were assembled in the city. to celebrate the .birthday of Jesus. This enraged the. ruler, who was net a Christian, he sent men to close the church doors and set fire to the building, thus all the worshippers perished in the flames.' At this time there was: no set day for observing tienatfyityj3fie Saiorome TieTdFlnhirmh of May and April," while others held lt.tn January In "the Roman Catholic Church, three masses are preformed on Christmas, one at midnight, one at day break, and one' in the t morning. The day is celebrated also by the Anglo Catholic Church special psalms are sung, a special preface is made in the communion service; and the Athanasians creed is said oiitlir or sung r The "Lutheran;- t . . ch-urcrr- r 