MAN S - vv V". -- III U'.V - .w a wav .V -- ' ' (V' , 1 " wi-i- i l.v! a;te.r : 0". rti,v h titcn W tfcsv .d would wbien hecime near. lor lirrtjcs liht "old-fashione- i ' ai.i v.. . 1 . A , . ; I ! f . - speechless. Her cousin Anna's escapades flashed into her mind and she recalled the impetuosity of her disposition and though little Anna had never betrayed such violent emotions, conyet her aunt inwardly trembled, and cluded the bes. course would be to alkuv these young people to have their own way. Very little was said, except consent given, and" preparations were soon in progress for the proposed marriage. ; Everything was done in a simple way, though Mrs. Harmake the best of all rison knew how-ttheir belongings, and the bride was not lacking in elegant laces, pearls and jewelry, left by her mother, which had .been put away carefully until Anna could appreciate them. Clarice. interested herself even more than the bride in the wedding apparel, and the young Doctor and his cousin Hdward as well as uncle Sidney, busied themselves x with the new dwelling place. During the weeks previous to the wedding when all the household were very busy , or at night when others were asleep, Mrs. Harrison reasoned with herself on the matter, and queried whether she had been s. the true mother to these and ways were a perfect mystery to her, though ; associated with them daily from their infancy; in her cousin Anna's case the French maids and governesses had been blamed, Sjr. Edward's neglect of his daughter had been a factor considered in her waywardness, she had grown up under peculiar circumstances and' where washe lack in the influences,--but case of Anna Walton? And was it not likely that Clarice might also fall desperately in love eeen now her affections might uiicoiiscioTlSiy be straying from her own mother, arid Mrs. Harrison shuddered as she reflected what that would mean. "After all I do not understand women, nor the potent power of love in the hearts of the young, I blamed uncle Edward for not knowing womens' natures better and here am I, at my time of life a Woman too who has made, a study of the subject, and find myself outwitted by my own child- ITT" r ren; twastnus Mrs. Harrison solrloquized, and there was:n o one to whom look for sympathy or advice. Yes there was Sidney, but he could noYxknow anything of young people!s affairs especially, women, and she thought of his barren life, and in her heart she pitied his loneliness, how was it she had never thought of it before, she said to herself, ' lie has given his o I've seen it ever since he came home,, she has no thought for any one but him, and she is growing very 'distant with me, I wish you would speak to her about it, I'm quite sure its time.''' Mrs. Harrison locked surprised and twrijng-rhy-"wliose"live- . and can see so clearly into people's affairs, what do you propose your mamma should say to these young people? Am I to go and accuse them of being in love on your authority?" "If you don't speak F shall tell my ,, and" - - -- , S 1 . . a -sh- e-could - ,. i,M ( :K :i him." -- I'irt Mill V III IIW Mil I (I ttmn, niusical and gay'at times, dcsjon(lcid and : melancholy by Tits and starts. The marriage of Conway Bland and Anna Walton was duly' solemnized in the Church near by, ,Sidney Uarriiigton. in. the officiating simple orthodox " was very sad lor, Mrs. ceremony, Harrison, but she' bore .up bravely and only the few intimate friends who witnessed the ceremony were bidden io the feast which How unlike the had been 'prepared. elaborate Wedding of Anna's mother; there was no wedding journey, for these people conformed to the Puritan ways and methods; they went quietly to their "own in visithome and passed their honey-moo- n ing the sick and comforting with gentle words and glad hearts, and with such delicacies" as were available, the afflicted ones who'felt their presence almost alxme-dictioBut while their lives swept on peacefully, Mrs. Harrison Was tortured with anxiety arid misgivings. Clarice Was wilful and outspoken, singularly gifted too in some respects, and always; longing for the unattainable; every now and then her mother was obliged to succumb : to some ridiculous whim, or fancy; and each time she resolved to be stronger in the future; she who had controlled the obstinate Baronet, could not cope with her own daughter, do what she would. It is said truly there are none so blind as those who will not see, and though a serious love affair was going on in her home, Mrs. Harrison was ighora ut "of the fact. Sidney Barrington wasin the confidence of Edward Hilliard and the boy opened his heart to the minister who had been his tutor for so many years. ' ' You know I'm alone in the -- r ' brother it is time he spoke to you about his nowed idoings avUIi--A n na Ibouid-tiot-be-T- i to tro here and there and everywhere with a young man as she does, Conway himself would soon say it was not proper, why they sit every morning. in the drawing-roomwhen ydu are busy, and actually doing nothing. Anna never reads now, she never goes out unless he is with her." And at the moment here they came and Clarice who was too impulsive to be discreet burst out with, "Dr. Conway I've been telling mamma about you and Anna and that she ought to separate you two for reasons, "And for what reasons?" Inter-- ' rupted her brother, while Anna almost with alarm', sank down on fainting -- birrstrintoearsT" "Arfdrho w chair-and a little sister as you seem to know what ought to be, I'll make a clean breast of it, and tell you my mind,, I am in love with Auna,r :andhave told her so this very morning, and only death can divide us. Now what are you going to say about that, we came uUuul,- legated not .trouble, ; tier .' "Mamma, "she said, in her childish way, one day when Anna and Conway were out riding, "Anna is 'in love with my brother and if you don't approve you'd better look into it t ... bestowing her afji?;t and that' she was loved his profession fections upon one, who more than he loved a beautiful woman,' It was vain for the Doctor to try to restrain Clarice, she knew more about love or fancied she did than either one of the family; aud-hemother was so surprised, both at the torrent of feeling displayed by her little daughter, and the sudden Je?ioumcntxi her son and' Anna Walton, that she Was d" secret. i"m tew a- - - at-liis A"ViUiiv,.ftni. dom of speech, opened her mnul muui u Anna's discorifort, "Well Dr. Conway since all right, voir are tu love with Anna-it- s what I was afraid of was, that you vere -- d, . - W And sine enough it was true, that-perio- - k - one.-.,-" 'itncllishly Without ot reward what laudetir T.SiHUmeiU," ami jho. ligau to tVel somewhat oi it ctrlprit to have leecived .soimu.lt hands, and made iur return. No he would hoiH- NV to a .iKak tor : lowd - Luce or up momentarily scarcely all the was he felt she knew it, and yet world to her she almost ceased to think of her brother, whom she had loved with all a sister's pride. Mrs. Harrison. had iaken as great care and pain ivith ;Anna as well her own daughter Clarice and . the two ungirls were beautiful and gifted, like and like, in many "respects. They had been watched and guarded almost too much, their education had been "altogether under MrsT Harrison's 'supervision', and Sidney Harrington had instilled such - religious principles as were calculated to help them bear life's ills with patience and resignation, if they were not too many, and too terrible In fact they were well equipped for; young, with prospective forladies of tunes. Clarice, like, her father possessed .1 wonderful conversational qualities, Anna was more reticent, neither of them had. the Congreat strength of character of Jane but both were dazzlingly -- beautiful, way-" and seemingly unaware of the fact. Clarice though much younger scarcely seemed so, having developed' womanly traits earlier, and being what is termed in her ways and manner, it was she who first discovered Anna's die ill jiuUuu'nt yv'u fn'J if; mamma U' ilimg. ... ..unaMc inem-e:u- hie io help oiheis, miuc,.iu r:o-.'.H'.-avv- he had loticed : her.sV-t.ar- tc VtVM'iN T. and ) OlllS nil.- - as vu have ukcxr'ttu affair Taken cv we:e;uy uev: scarry it: out hi believed she :tl:.ahe did, - vt-i-- .JjXr':: n:J that hvwa: V,t;:i .Jin r: r :' 1 it n. -- """" - is like a mother to me in one sense, yet she is wor!d--h- e nrjaiie said,-TorhongliAll- not my mother, nor do I know the true meaning of either father or mother, sometimes I feel I must go away where I shall not trouble anyone, and brood oyer my sorrows, and yet uncle Sidney I cannot bring myself to say farewell" to Clarice. I am sure liexJliolhei-JLvilliever-cense- te-et- tfr iit union and I. have not even dared to tell her of my love;. I saw how Aunt Jane grieved when Conway and Anna were married, she she has never been herself since goes about like one in a dream, tell me uncle Sidney, what shall I do?" Thus appealed to, Sidney Barrington could not but sympathize 'with his dearest pupil, for indeed he was, and he promised, to consider the matter, "but," he added, "never run a way, it is only the weakest men who do that, Taint, heart never won faiFlady." And Edward'promi.sed to Wait awhile until his- uncle should make up his mind what was best., Ere he turned to go, for they" were out under the great elms, he said inadvertently, "uncle Sidney were you ever in love and have you been disappointed?"- No one -- had ever put such a question to the minister before and he winced under such sharp questioning, and. Edward, noticing his reluctance, said, "O, never mind, if you do. not care to tell' me, that-time- , - - 