WO MAN'S FX PONE NT." its' a if right my ;ia ther caiv save"- the part I wan t. nothing Jnvt what i - For children of. the Saints know nothing of this. Satan has not power to tempt children under and ani deser.v??$ very eight "years of age. Parents should teach ' be could we saved unjust should be"baptized. The, through our CIA' We catH bestroppa M have1 cbildren .go astray.' 'tein no worthy. w bed go wery that men might be. : Don ' t ot.rpses X?e first, a boy,, would close his eyes, As parents we have a great work to perbe discouraged though our children should ne was only eight years old, form. We should live lives worthy of go astray. Teach' them correct principles tfb thank for life; and daily bread, be never rude' or boisterous; or in their childhood, and sooner or later they And then his dearest wish unfold. call our children, unbecoming names, 'above .will return. Take comfort from dreams. all never let them hear us" quarrel. I Its hot' Where they, give comfort it is from God, "BJess father, O' my God, and bring Him safely home, I gray,, , becoming Saints of God.--; I w.ould like to made other remarks. ' Am'en.' N6: 46ubVhe little ones requesl hear our- young people covenant never Sister Julia Pack thought, we had the AVould help the wanderer day by day. never to let their, children hear them utter most reason to be thankful of any people on an unkind word. "If quarrels must come the earth. Inasmuch as we strive to do"" don' t let" it be in'", the presence of children. right the. Lord will help us. 1 We can't be In turn bowed down her head, None can pass through' their life without too careful, about judgingpur fellow beings. And echoing Wizard's closing words bitter As Saints would we We know not the motives that prompt them . experiences. Sat waiting by the bed. take money for our experience- ?- I would My desire is to continue faithful, etc. A ." Baby Mill, whose tiny lips not. We must be faithful.' Always bear- sister said I don't know hov I could live Could frame ho words we knew, ing in mind the race is not to' the swift-bu- t without going to meeting. If we don't Next hid her face in mother's lap, to those who endure to the end. serve the Lord he knows it. How can. we Saying, "gig, and gog, agoo." Sisters I now leave the meeting in your expect to have our prayers, answered or rehands. Make good use of the. time. ' May ceive the blessings we desire. If I see it all, the humble room, the Lord bless us with a rich outpouring of our time to the Lord he will give us every The grease lights flickering glare; " his holy spirit. .. The scanty fire, an empty bin; blessing, etc. r-1 Sis t erS n o vv 1 - h a ve been in the Chu rch "Sister Midgely said this is the first time , But, of love; a good full share.! ' Have passed through I have had courage to stand up. and testify fifty three years. The letters from across the "sea, much. Have had many manifestations in of the goodness of God to me. O, how we'd dance, and run! dreams and visions; and I know this is the I should feel condemned did I not speak a We knew so well they would begin work of God, etc. few words to day, My desire is to do right With "42, Islington." Sister Rawdiston said, 'Lknow'this is the at all times. As wives and mothers we can At last the joyful news we heard, Kingdom of God. Also that Joseph Spiith accomplish much. If we are faithful to was a Prophet of God. There is nothing our prayers the Lord Will point out to us ',: Our father's mission done! outside of this Church for me. I have our duties. .We often-ha" to give comThe four, long years were ended, But : my fort to our husbands when we feel we need And he was coming home. passed" through severe trials. heart is full of gratitude to my Heavenly to be comforted ourselves. In order to My heart isfull, as memory keen Father for all his goodness to me in gain blessings we must pass through trials, Points to a time most dread; me to receive this Gospel. ; Have etc.- ;r A messenger one night-fal- l came testimonies had many have been healed of Testimonies were borne by other sisters.' To say, "your father is dead!" . ..... of the I God. am All felt thankful- for blessings received. blindness, through power In a lonelygrave they'd left him on a account of Felt desirous of doing all the good possible. passing through great trial, On Colorado's plain, Counselor Stevenson; made closing remy boy falling away from the Gospel. I "And the little prayers at eventide ask my sisters toiassist me by theirfaith and marks exhorting the sisters toube faithful to ' Ne'er mentioned him again. prayers, to bring my boy back into the everr duty. .To be united in all things perchurch again," etc. But she who wakened early faith taining to the Kingdom, of God. ' ' Sister Rachel Brown"! know this is the Meeting adjourned for t wo weeks. Sang Ceased not good words to tell, true Gospel of Christ. I am grateful for Doxology, Benediction Vilate .Young. And, quenching grief, she gently taught, " the testimony . We , jn ust. make our own. Yi late Young," Sec7 all things well." ''Hcdoeth 7 comfort there is in the ry,-T." An n I e Kay Hardy; knovvledge we possess in being called to "Under the guise ofa law relating to the part with loved ones. We can reconcile our selves. We know they are safe. ; That registration of births, marriages and deaths, Y MEETING. LADIES' SEMI-MGod is just, and doeth. all things , for our the following:" measure is proposed for Mas-" ' good.:. That if we are; faithful, we will enactment by the Legisture of y held Minutes of sachusetts: Meeting meet our deaonesigain." in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Hall, surely Section Physicians and mid wives :. "What joy will be there," was then rr Feb. 9th,. 1S95. Counselor E. Stevenson ' snallT-oor "before thefifth day of each .,' .. v :. .. v r sang.l presiding. Sang; "Come O Glorious to the clerk of each city or A sister spoke of ' the goodness of God mouth, report Sister Rachel Brown. Sang, 'Jliow town a correct list of all children born thereto her. "I love to meet with thy sisters, I in firm a "foundation." Minutes of previous during the month next preceding,, at a broken come with here and have heart, whose birth they were, present, "stating the. meeting read and approved; also Fifteenth have had it healed by the words of comfort Ward Primary. date and place of each birth, the name of Counselor ' Stevenson was well pleaded spoken. We should cultivate charity, the child, if it has any, the sex and color are hurt,: by our of With the good attendance, hoped we would when our feelings the child, the name, plao and be well repaid for coming out. We have associates; how noble it would be could we residence of the parents, the maideiiname them." in 'Father forgive hearts, pur say. be to ver thankful "fbr"If of the mother, and. the occupation pTth'e everything there was a time we should live near the And. pray to the Lord for patience and father. If, the child is illegitimate the name Satan is not asleep. strength to bear our, trials, when we of the father shall not be'stated, unless at Lord it is the present-He "knows his time is short. I hope it realize our weakness. We should strive to the joilttrequest in writing of both father live meek and lowly. May the blessings of and mother. may De. we snouia nave watcumi care ; v A oveKour "children. If Satan, can't lead us Heaven rest upon all, tc. Siser-Howe- ; "It is the practice of the police, when they he wilkattack them.. Snares' will be laid 'my beloved sisters I know raid houses of to report only the for the rnevery where. A short time ago I the spirit of the.:: Lord s here. The words names of the women found on the premises. of Malachi are, They that feared the Lord heard one ofour boys using the most proclause This should be amended to read: should, leave We fane languageX It makes me weep when I spake, often together.. ' ' Unless paternity has been acknowledged think of these" things among the Saints. care at home, andcome here with hearts, What is to be doneVith our children? We centered on the; things of God. At pne or legally" proved." To provide by law :are told they cannot be lost, neither can they 'time I felt that I never could befecptfciled that the father of an illegitimate child shall be saved in their sin's. They must repent to iosing my children. But there are tempta- be shielded from responsibility unless he and become worthy of salvation. I am re- - tions ever where. .We know not how our requests, otherwise, is going a long step minded ot a circumstance where a young children will vturn. WheaX was young further. Such a bill would have small doctrine was, taught to terrorize. The young chance of passing if women were voters. :$rirl married out of the ChiirchX She said 4itUe ones at came rouii Aeimolher's kjiee, ufM&tttg ba by p tay e r sl tp G od Whom theyCbelieve d&but couJd.'ntffS2; bed-tim- rajr e 'Vf. -- ' : .ivitflf: earrt;- - .Adam-'SuK?e- , iy: .. :, " im-.itatro- rir - . -- ' - ; - ; . v - . , . we-giv-eH ; .' . . . 4 . . -- " ve -- pe"-mitti- ng ' - . - .: -- . -- . v Q Semi-Monthl- ' - Zionr1-Praye- -- " -- " . of-birt- h ; t y . ,:TS " ill-repu- . te, . . : - 1 v- - f 