) 'ON EN T . WO.M AN.'S Wo MAIN kxi 0 N il NT. 0 F.MStEU.WE B. WELLS AS.SIS WELLS CAS SOS PuL'.-shc-- i methods in the work of organization, the bene ;fi ts to Jbederived - from -- sue h wori-and association, and the need of empl6yir,ent lor those who were in .want of assistance; In tivpuuectioivbe silk. iudustryyalalked 4 - . - .'m Min'Mi.Mithly,- in; Salt lake -- City. Ut- Terms: ,on 005)) one yr.tr. Ji'.oo; 5a cis. .No reduction iit uif tor club: Oit-- pow ered by rnvil, extra lor postage one ycar4 25 els. ,., gi ' - y PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT . . SAtT Lake City, Utah. Entered '"nt the PoUjOfce second clijt matter ., it Salt 1 -- j of aua SistersrrdTj& - Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil er rhonth '$3.00. A' liberal dls-u- it pac one i'mh?, 52.50;-padvertisers. . v regular " Exro.NtN T ctF.ce, Rooms 227 '& 22$ Constitution Huild-tnMain Street, opposite Z. C. Mf. Business hours from !' to 5 p.m. every.-f.4ay- 7 a.m. 10 except Sunday. -- Address all business communications to v , : - -- Editor.. v. ( " j attc'a number . of the. sisters duislSv Sister 'Mary Harding's enjoying the company provided very much, as well as the luxuries ; for their temporal needs. The meetitur at two in the afternoon .was called for the Young Ladies Association of Willard and. Mrs. Jane Chandler presided. .Mrs. Alphonso Snow" the Y. L. M.- I. A, Stake President of Jidx Elder was also ' . . , . - Lake City, Utah, a present from Brigham City and there was a fine audience of girls and young women, and a few boys as the President of the SALT LAKR ClTV, Al'GUST 15, 1S95' Primary Association of Willard, had called the older members of the P. A. to meet RELIEF SOCIETY QUARTERLY with the V. L. and they, occupied one side CONFERENCE. of the house. It was an inspiring audience, one realized the beauty and strengh of Tin: Quarterly Conference of the Relief health and vigor physical and spiritual. Society of this Stake of Zion,- will be held The whole tenor of the remarks made 'were in the. Assembly Hall on Saturday, Sept. in a spirit of exhortation: and encouragejrst. Meetings commencing at 10 a. m. ment to the young to continue in the paths and 2 p. m. as usual. It is very desirable of virtue and uprightness, to seek for that there should le an official representa- wisdom knowledge and understanding, and tive from each branch of this Stake of to become useful in their, day and time upZion and a full attendance of members is on the earth; to be helpful to those around requested. them and diligent in the performance of M. L Hokn'K, President. every duty devolving upon them a- memMakgakkt A, Caine, Secretary; bers of the Church of Latter-da- y Saints, and strive to set examples worthy of imitation, and attain to excellence in all good works, that they might become bright and VISIT AND MEETINGS AT shirjing lights to those about them having WILLARD, an understanding of the truths revealed in the last days. The speakers were Sisters OxJ'riday August, 2nd, Ave visited Wil- Chandler, Snow, Madsen, Widerborg, lard Box Elder Co. in company with Sister Hubbard and Wells. Dudley, Zina I). H. Young. - Arriving at Brother Young, these sisters also talked to the Hubbard's we found a warm welcome and others; children of the Primary in a very pleasing a delicious supper awaiting us. Brother and way calculated to interest them, and Sister Sister Hubbard are veterans, in the Church Zina D. H. Young asked thema innhber of and highly respected by all who have the questions upon Church matters, which were of their acquaintance, pleasure answered by the littl folks. New Englanders, descendants of promptly Altogether the visit to Willard and the the early Puritans. In the evening there satisfac the Wi $ -- Arbf: Willard" meetingswas a meeting-of to the visiting sisters.' The singing and goodly number assembled, about one tory was excellent at all the meetings and Was-onthird of the audience were men, the Bishop of the happy features of the gatherings, was present and other leading brethren. as good music adds mucfT to the tone of all Miss Maria Zundell President of the Asassemblies and is always uplifting in its sociation presided in a very pleasing manner, The singing from the suffrage song tendency, E. B. W. book was excellent and the speeches by both men and women were certainlv.edu- cational and fitting to the present circumRELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. stances and condition of Utah in view of statehood. The afternoon session of the General ReConference of the Relief Society, April 4th, Saturday morning' at ten o'clock the in the meeting house, 1895, was held in the Salt Lake Assembly lief Society convened M. A. Hubbard presiding. Bishop Hall commencing at 2 p. m. Mrs. Zundell made the opening' .prayer. Mrs. On the stand were Sisters Young, RichOlivia Widerborg the venerable President ards, Smith,: Horne.Snow, John, Hinckley, of the Relief Society .of Box Elder Stake, Barber, Taylor, and Wells. Singing, "0, with her Corresponding Secretary Mrs. my Father, thou thatdwellest," Mrs. Mary Emilia t), Madson had driven over from John reported Utah Stake in good condition, Brigham City to attend the meetings, which twenty-fivbranches, "We sent a Delegate was a very great gratification to the sisters from Utah County' to the W. S. A. Conwho are very fond of their Stake President, vention at Atlanta and to ' the National there was quite a large congregation for a CounciHn WashingtonVelme-wheat-'storedpTnratimade- morning meeting. Jieiiiarks-Aver- e of need in and her Hubbard Sister also Counselors, by about President Zina D. II . Young and Sisters gathering more. bushelsrandhairgon" The Relief Society is a Widerborg, Madson, Wells arid others. The great school for us all, I am also interested subjects' treated upon were the spiritual 'in the franchise and believe it will be a needs of the members of the Society in benefit and blessing to us. Mrs. E. S. Taylor spoke of the good ac- growth and development- uniformity of x. - . - - . old-fashion- ed were-verypleasaii- -- tand -- e . ' - e me' our-stak- six-hundr- ed ' complislted by the Relief Society, and' ue iiitpay in hjanor to AVhoifi- - houor Relief Society are charity the works.of-th- e aiid love and blessing '"Sisters always pray, for those who are over you, pray for Sister Zma .she needs your aid andaswsV--'ance and faith and prayers, teach yml&'ic children these things, and do "not neglect them, keep iii" their remembrance the lives and characters of our great ami good' Mentioned Sister men and women." Presendia Kimball, Sister Heywood, Sister Howard. and others. "Sister Smith spoke about our sisters who had labored in the Relief Society longer ago than those who were mentioned by Sister Taylor, because perhaps she was older, Spoke of Sister Whitney, Sister Emma. Smith, Mary A ii n Young, Vilate ' Kimballand, others, and how faithful they had been in the midst of great trials, she felt to speak of these sisters because she had known them personally. u President Young talked of our having .Conference in June and of spending more time in meetings, and not be carried away with the vanities of theWorld. She had seen men who had talkeu with the Lord, and had seeiirthemfallaw'ay,"and make mistakes, we Inust be humble, and full of faith and charity, &c. We want to have time' in our Conference to ..do our business and bear our testimonies, we Want to bless you and help you, and the same good spirit is with the sisters elsewhere that is in the temple; we must bear with each other and not be lifted up because of our knowledge; -wisdom is what is needed to walk in the ways of the Lord. Sister. Hinckley, of Milliard Stake, made a few remarks in reference to the stake in which she lived. A prayer was offered by Sister Young in reference, to the . Suffrage -movement in Convention at ..the present time (this afternoon) the prayer was followed by thoie present all joining. Sister Martha Tonks, Counselor Morgan Stake Relief Society made an excellent report of "the stake and spoke well in reference tp the Society and prayed .that we might prosper " e, . : . : ' J 11.tl1e.land. " " " Sister Ruth Hatch represented the Snow-flak- e Stake, one circumstance particularly of the one doctoFin the stake having to carry the mail instead' of doctoring the people, in order to earn his living; a factory was in progress ' of building, sisters wrere appointed on the board to help the word . flT of wisdom was kept: keeping it strictly. She felt diffident in reporting the affairs of the stake and yet willing to do her part; wherever there is sickness or sorrow the sisters are there. Counselor Jane S. Richards thought there were many, things to think of and to talk about Sister Young talked of. a Conference in;. June it would be between the other two conferences neither too hot nor too cold nor two wet nor too dry, and abou right and we could have testimonies and experiences, we've heard some today from the stand and there were as niany in front, who have something to say and could edify us, if we should happen to find it wouldn't be such a terrible thing, nothing ventured even if we should fail Young Ladies who a while ago were young ladies, 3 ou are welcome to stay in the Y. L. but I want you to come along and help the aged people, my daughter ' is fourty, she's been fifteen years in the Relief Society; only the other day, I found a lot of Emily's reports as a even-aedte- ; 