WOMAN S 4lX PC ) N K.N T - '.. " ' .1 '..' ' : W( ) M '. with the ideas advanced there by thv" able who repiesenled intakes hi ' Idaho; Sifter s and eloquent speakers, who with u'much 'Adeline II. Bailor, Lydia Rich, Mar-Ih sn n: t i ntYiTT - R ich a a rd i n g J a n e Zealand earnestness, championed the cuse- of women, and endeavored to convince the Ann L. uolbury and Brother George AElWlN EN! 1 T : .ixsis ''.V-Att'rfai- ' i'ftis c.i.vm'.v ,4jw,. (nw copy 0'ic : .:"Lvrea rf. or.ti cb'V ycj, jM - TtfSwisrt it vne ycj.r, 25 ct5. ; Each t'.urr. tm Hncs of nonpareil one ti'rne,. 52.50; pt?r tmmh, fj.oo. A liberal dis-- t ' .. regular advertisers. Kuild& KxKNfcNT otrice, Rceir.s 227 228 Constitution from hours I. Business ."tng, Main Street, opposite 7.:C. M, 10 a.rn, to 5 p.m. every iiHv, eieept Sunday. Address all basinets communication's to t;x:r;f ftTrfrrric wt: - lr ' .PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Salt Lake City, Utah. : Entered at the Post Of. ct in X 'icottd clasi matter Salt Lakr Citv 15, 1895.- -- - WOMEN- SUOUrD'WORK FOR y STATE II 00 1), . Thk .electron-for : -- '. -- - Reports e ; I ley wood.' full-fledge- , d' - - ! ; : " " - "i the deep interest he had alwavs taken in the sisters' organizations, and his apprecia tion of their efforts for good in various v directions. . President George Q. Cannon who came : in late after having addressed the audience in the Tabernacle, occupied a few minutes in shaking to the sisters; giving wise counsel and timely instructions; encouraging them in the path of duty as Latter-daSaints and as mothers, commending their labors in the past, and especially the in- - ' tegrity and courage they had manifested heretofore ,in times of trial and adverse touched upon many-subjee- ts 1 ;? c - : ; y " . s; -p- eTtainrhtoTma's-advancemei -- d -' ... . . i H -- ers . -- ly pre-sente- . - heliLaii-the-Assemb- r bv-Sist- - Ann C. Bar'tlett, of Uintah, who had recently' visited Kngland, Mary John. Ruth Pack, Rhoda A. Lyman, 'Mary Pitchfoitli, all of these sisters gave favorable accounts of the several organizations, where they preside, and in fact tlie whole tenor of the be inmeeting proves the Relief Society-tcreasing in influence and in importance and in prosperity throughout all thestakes'of After the report froiii the sisters Zibn. Klder John Henry Smith was the iirst srxJaker; hereferred in the course of his remarks to the great change which, had taken place during the past few- years in regard to our position before the world, and spoke particularly of the recent Irrigation Congress in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and the honor shown to Preridenr Geonre O. Cannon anil others of ourieopltL I vide? frOrant iollowe(l iii asimilar strain and soke of the prophecy of' President Wood- ruff in Brigham City that the time had come for the Lord to favor Zion, etc.; thought the Saints should be careful and not get lifted up with pride. Elder F. M. Lyman in his remarks dwelt upon the labors of the sistejiu -- -- . , , w g were - made - OliviV Widerborg, Sage Jones, ArtemUia Seeg- miller, Mary Ann Hyde an:!-- ; Mary Bull L ' . adop-tioirof'th- -- - J . . charity, humility. 'prayer, union, and.oth. important matters,, spiritual and temporal; - tlie storing of. grain was bpokeuof by eaih' who one reported, and an unusual intvrei seemed manifest in this respect." The president made closing remarks hi Avliich she allude.d to some of her early ex-jeriences in the Church, which were exceedingly interesting, and cf which' she spoke with in (ense'1 feeling. closed witli the dorlogv; and benediction : ;r:", by Counselor B. WTfeiith.; The afternoon session was nunierouslv alTended7 notwitlistanding the concert in the Tabernacle. On the stand besides the gei eral oljicers- of the" society, and several presidents of Stake organizations, weu: four of the Apostles,. I;. I). Richards, F XI. Lymant John Henry Smith and II. J." Grant. Pra er was offered by Apostle ' well-bein- g Statehood and state of. fieers in Utah "is drawing near, and the people are growing corresponding! anxious on the momentous questions that art" to be. decided by vote within a short time. Cer- tainly the coming election is to be the most important one in the history of the Ter-- :ritory;; and it is not to be wondered at tUat there is soine considerable enthusiasm among both men and women on the subject. The question of woman's enfranchise- ment is involved in the issue of the Constitution now very soon to be voted upon, Wd it is only natural that women who believe in equal suffrage should be very greatly exercised as' to the results on their own account. It is more than ; eight .years since the women of U tali were deprived of the franchise, which they had enjoyed and exercised for seventeen years, h ich 1 h ey- -a ppreei ated as a blessi ng" . .and-and a privilege. The probability is that they are soon to enter the new state citizens, politically equal in all respects to men, and in view of this condition they have been, and are, preparing themselves' for the. actual duties and responsibilities of citizenship. . Tlie political meetings,- primaries and conventions, held in the interest of statehood, have all been educational in the , truest sense,, and those who have attended RKIJEF SOCIETY COXFE RENCE. such places, and taken part in the proceedThe general conference of the Relief ings must necessarily realize what au advantage 'all this has been. It has been a Society of the Church of Jesus Christ of school of political science, and one can- - Eatter-daSaints was JiolUielp4eeling-tlraHtiot TTalJ in this city, Thursday, Oct. 3rd. The to who those have good participated, if they morning session Opened at ; 10 o'clock, shall be wise and prudent, and careful in- President Zina I). II. Young presiding. stead .of becoming extremists. The wo- Her counselor, Sisters Jane S. Richards and men generally speaking who have been atBathsheba W. Smith, Were present on the tending political gatherings' are not those stand,' also other members, of the Central who, have had opportunities to pursue the Board and a goodly number of presidents of studies of civil .'.government, or political the Stake organizations of the Society from economy in the school room or college, and a distance. therefore the more need of this sort of The comrreeation ioined 111 Kl lien tier ' practical instruction. "Redeemer of Israel, '.'.and praver Was of-Because of the agitation of the equal suf- - lereu by uider Ueorge Benson from Idaho; frage matter in the Constitutional Conventhe usual exercises followed,' and the presi-den- t tion many women attended that Convention made an opening address in which she after day day, ,and. heard the speeches and welcomed all present; in her kind motherly listened to the proceedings, and .became. jyayandxxpressed-heftleasureflnir somewhat; familiar" with the su bj ects so many ,7 some of whom had traveled and discussed there, and also in- distances to attend the conference.- - long Reterested in tliese things to a certain extent; ports and other .remarks made were.given some more than others, but all who had' by. Bl.other of Mex'bo aiuf sisters Eyring thought earnestly of woman's position be- Julia Pv Lindse, Mary Anderson, Em-- " fore the law, in list have been im pressed ma Jane Bennett and Lulu G. Richards ' , . 0 -- The-meetin- lioiidjecausef-the-argumeiittT upon suffrage, has been the means of spreading the knowledge of how governments are formed and maintained, and an understanding of the laws which effect the of society in the city and county and in the commonwealth. It cannot but be productive of good and it is a hopeiul outlook lor any community when womeiit the mothers and wives lay holdofthe erave questions of state, that agitate the public mind and assist intel-ligently to better the conditions of living according to their best thought and high seise of honor and honesty;, when they bring the tender conscience into the struggle for justice and equality, and when' through careful investigation of the political situation they bring to bear that intuition and remarkable foresight that characterizes in a gieat degrte most women, then men Will realize how beneficial is their help and wonder how they could have been so long neglectful of this new and potent element in the management of the affairs of state. Every woman who loves Utah and desires its prosperity should do her utmost to urge men (who have the ballot) to vote for statehood, and see to it as far as possible that no vote shall be lost because of neglect or indmerence. Be as conscientious as though .the vote were your o.wii au.d.raniein-4--H- . ler that one vote more or less might turn the scale for or against. - " ap-pa're- ut - - ' the rule and not the exception. But speaking advisedly it must be to every right. .minded person tjiat the agitation and interest in political matters which lias crown out of the Conven- - Lake City, Utah,a$ )ctohf.r 1 to soiuej'uture legislature injhe new state. All honor to those men who sought loob tain justice for women in the' new state of handed down Utah, and their naaies will to posterity as benefactors of the race, when woman's' true position shall make it possible for equality in government to .be. - " aseiarate clause: or worse still,- leaving- it - " and elsewhere, and to the present political conditions in . Utah in view of statehood and of equal suffrage in the near future. 1 In closinsr his remarks President Cannon J invoked the blessings of thevLord upon the sisters, mentioning .especially the presiding , officers of the society. '".'.-- i. 