. , v. WT" 'soiha; XVt .will w it mtmteihip uucv undm-the- I -- s i: tLrWi . UVUiU - ..,wf,.:.-v-,vn-tim--remarks.- -v ...... uut.ur - ,m,... m;v?.. KihcnPi. Counselor bv' tTii-opcr.tsi'hv tB -Mv- .. 5 . K.t the spring ol all my joy.. , rrayer uy Rich. Preside::: William "A iter the second by inn the sacrament was administered, while the bread and water was lein. dispensed the. choir sang.'..4 Ye children of our God." President Lindsday, Counselor Collins and Sister M Bagley instructed the sisters to be frugal,, to make the best use of the means they have. Testified tojthe ble"ss1 the ings received from God, and exhorted sisters to faithfulness that they may receive the great reward that is in "store for them. Elder Emil Maeser admonished parents to teach their children the. principles of the in good gospel and see that they mingle While we dwell upon the earth society. is the time for us to vork out our salvation if we allow the time to pass unimproved it will be lost forever. The minutes were read and approved. Choir sang, aftepvhich mnfcrpiiw rifiiniirned lor six monuis. Benediction by Elder J. N. Stucki. Nancy H. Allred, Sec'y. tVf ilk oi fvmln4ot i ' paid. Janitor's bill presented and ordered to prepare Executive committee instructed a program for the next meeting. Meeting adjourned for one month. Carrie C. Newman, Sec. CONFERENCE N. A. V. S. A: Continued. . . ' I am not merely speaking for myColorado self, but all the women speakers in to I think were equally fortunate. II went met the one place in Colorado and when . -- .v . 4 4 attrr vnv-.-f,'--- ratlier lady who entertained me shejooked surprised. I stayed tnreeaays, uuu t nlpjisant i ji everytniug in she went I away before for me and just woman aiiu x said: "I am a very1. ....nouest A T , tvArf was veiy sorry wneu 1 ncaiw coming and I am very glad .that you came, but when the telegram came that you were : ' u. 10 I IN MEMORIAM. ;r,rr T" not verv elad. I. . took . V.uuiui, wfl'; ana 1 saiu, luwiv .1 door next mv neighbor PERNECV F. ALLEN WILLIAMS. that. There is a political woman coming and weigiis aooui DrCn, iiTtnvc rf rnprt adoDted bv the officers here. She is six feet tall can Ward Relief Society, to -a At,.rc'nfth 2 so pounds and she has a voice that you - "You came r ,,r hnvpA Sister Pernecv r. i in hear a mile.' She said,life this i895,at who wanted I Williams departed looking so tired and so slight that Utah;"where she had gone to comfort her Logan, ....J: to take you up in my arms ana put )uu iu in c5rtnp;.s bv her Dresence. .,i,orc " Unauen v Father m his wisdom tiru, bed.". So you see they wanted us to do all seen fit to take from our midst our beloved has sorts of extraordinary things, unce in a . V Williams. vmorx, while you have a word you would like to numDie i ..,aA hat while we bow indocth..all I re- is strong that extraordinary "Who will of Him, express the to submission .u: ...n " An rrncmize in her ueatn. tne member once in a convention a mau ucwmt severe loss of a faithful, energetic and efficient father excited and he started up and doubled our in and trustee, treasurer teacher, assistant nn his fist and said, "O, if there were no a if.,- - fripnH tn the needv. a comforter . ," . . ' .-- v.rd ,--. nr c- -- .l! f irnnK rl i " a ana devoted wile, Iso r-- H fc- i ,v. ? - - ; S1Ster' t Titt.ta A. Druce. President. Hannah C. Brooks, Secretary. SALT LAKE CO. W., S. A. . nf Suffrage . ,7th .S95.n PtesidentrGroesbeck-tn.the-cUair-aon- meeting held Dec. wj gr v,n n rrayer. Dy Pnmp Come Away." the Fort." "Hold Elizabeth Price. Song, MJrmtP nf last meeting: read and ap Oroesbeck read the j. i jij. JJIUVCVi. of Utah.the W. - S.-A- packwaru VkBrm5SMi5Tdo,: , oi all in ing their duty as suffragists, spite the time Margaret A. Caine said now is our citi- and encouraee IU UlV riiitVpntlv V ViJUJjW., , .ens and teach tuem to- understand their men iu rights that they may vote tor gooa the laws. Also spoke offices - - and-eaforc- e i it u WHS ( So- 2 triuiv-XKJTOO.- r rJ' women to for pood . -- - le there as they better the morals and introduce politeness.into politics. Man Dnngs lnio mc politics the binding lorce tnar prevenib a off in political universe from going tangent; woman is ine .cenirnugu earth the force that binds 'and keeps the -- irr1 cmrre fnena. Uwa recnliitmnq he oiaced UDon the j.fnTuiihVVard Re lief Society and be in the WbMAgJXPopNid-lhapublished : TCTZ 7ZZ.,tt rf. rnr nnartefl ; 10 uic wumj a coov be seni r wixxi'L j i rrn CPP I ....1 recoenire in her faithful labors and devotion to wwimjr the cause ot .ion an exampicSOCietV. momKor nf nur u-- i.. sincerelv sympathize witn Hit hnch-mRrntherT. V. Williams, a faitntul i u:i cii r, frionrU HCI tllliui a"" - - iny the loss of 4i. - -- from ojnnffmtspace: but it we ma me we probably crHeirconTroroTpd would have mace just as mucn oi a muuuie of it as the men ha ve made of it. Jiut i a most beauti- think I see. the dawning bfr v n.. i ful day. a day oi trutli ana love anajiloyaity . . ...... -- reAlready the movement has tormea tor woform and is vastly being exerted by "the men. The women are now orgamzmg Tlpnvr regardless Ot TXiiticai iaun. we if the obstacles are there they must be walked around: climbed over or swept out of the way. . . .There is no such thing as an insurmountable object to a woman wno knows' she is right, and municipal mis- management is going to oepreveniea in ine ... City of Denver because we women are go ing to roll away the strong party bias which has no place whatever in tne ity anairs and we are going to stand- together Re'pub- 1'. licans, Democrats ana ropunsts ana in State affairs that politics and ethics shall be one. We have begun tne work already and I hope before six months have 1 T- f. will .ve that flir jonc by that the world mnutcipat K)lUU.ofu. dly where .womtn' have the ballot, ineaiHM)tnething a gieal " Stanton oriermiveisary of her S.oth birthday. &fit?$(a--a . Moved hat the list oi names ox wtm t forwarded immediately and be sent with the State dues to the National treasury, -Gcdfenis. Tl. .tn - I .4which 13r,..K. B. Alison reau .a . rcplv to a .telegram sent by the . f - y God to be V- the uiut give in itdJutluL AVCcuvcutotf tn Washington persovs i happy .V! .itxi to 1 ae-cla- re . i 1 U.I 1 . ..... ... 1 ......... I,. l...l!i1 - the lab li - w i. . . epoTiiVility :aiid a very precious" puvnege and we like it letter every day, and yet to use that ballot righK means that we must study hard, and no education has been of greater value to us tbaii the sober sense oi responsibility which. cxmesf from the knowledge that the opinions which we utter can le counted and W weigh those" opinions well and you know there is no educator in the world so great as response bility, I think the reason woiiieu have been thought" to be ambitipus isjust'because they do know .responsibility.' Thei could say what they pleased and it didn't count they could keep still if they liked and it didn't count. Everything we say in Colorado counts and I think as time goes on our worth will be recognized more and more. " Your Mr.' Roberts said in reference to some argument against suffrage that he would expect that from a Republican but he would not have expected it from a Democrat. Well, I would not expect a remark agamst suffrage from a Republican because I think a good Republican is a good American citizen and no good American citizen can conscientiously oppose Woman Suffrage and be faithful to the spirit of his constitution. as (Applause.) I would like to say to him fie he said of some .other Democrat: "Oh, upon a Democrat for using such an argument" because every single implication of the supremely democratic idea of absolute for equality of rights and absolute freedom the individual is contradicted when a man or woman shall say that women too, should not have equal rights. I have never seen Mr. Roberts, I wish I could see mnupe-causl am just as loyal a Democrat asie is and I say Oh fie upon any Democrat who will put such an interpretation upon theDeclaration of Independence! Fie . . . -- e s Republi--ca- n or Populist who dare say that equal suffrage is not the idea of this broad earth. (Applause.) We think we have been led to understand the difference between liberty and freedom. A friend of mine a distindiffer-enc- e guished writer sgpt there is a great between ...liberty and- - freedom and I " tV.i"nl- - Tip i'c Ticrht in hi rlistitiCtioiUlie laToTlhat libertyhaTrestrictions.it ii limited, but that freedom is" something more, it is affirmative, it is the power to do" right, but such power is not in the hands of a great many .of our coantrymen today. And how much more glorious it will be when we can have the power to do right. . R.K.THOMAS 26,28. 30 and 32 East 1st SoniM; .i SALT LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail C ash. ouse . 