h.Ulubu; aiut t: h- - ; rC Hi iv. W . s t.MtU' 1 i 1 is .uul wit s f fa lth lit 1 thris tlt 4.vvjctJt--La.u-d--k.Lxplliihu- iuuliM a thev 1 w kliu. to U' ill niy' diMit .whivh ;:;v' v ktunv hr will ;lvv uiV: all the rntl in know lit- is tjcsitv ju-trtuand. lul,v, "(ilor, honor, praise, aUd iKtuer be tmtulhe-J.amfoieYer." I Au-rlr.il oit,nh f I .u." ju;.' trx't. tr woman,'" on'.-,o- ' vtr Kid; was i:tfered uftv-ou- : nvithcf Ak v .1 o t. vcat Viuvcd u;auN it araou O Htt v l t'Ju h 1' in. I 1 4 r . - - n jmi.)rau?the aUmiu - "alv troubled with . I fits.- ' ; - . , ' s.ir r ' " t.AKi-rfo- ; Jrr. tuonihs, went to many ; A", S. MtN ot held n;.s i April i(ith,. rh)ici:is but evnitd get no relict';,'asthey 111 the hpurtfcu-tWard Hall. Presi. ;aid Iuust go to the Great Thysician he ,:,95. H II it. .!... reiiihou in uje cnairv rrayer c:ily could cure me. My answer to one ot ueui i'. i.; liruce. Roll called, minutes read.-anthem was: 'Doctor, do. you think I am by Julia Dr. .Ferguson referred' to"' approved. thought and desire for independent' action; gointo die and leave my little babes?No! the suffrage cpiestiorr now bef(re the Cou- .stiiTered are but poorly satisfied with evr so, lilxfral the Lord will t ot allow that.'; stitutional Convention, we shall have to a dose of taffy ..' w:htn they are asking for on biit in answer to my prayers my life was Our spared and I had power giyeji to me --to, work hardf because, the oposition is deter a. little substantial bread and meat. to win" matter of darling p t's ajxj'strophe tovoman's right .obtain a living and lud frieiiils raised up to rnined would if possible, if the we "should settle the fpiestion, petition ... to progress through t.e willing hand of me in times of need... One after .another.would say, '.'Come to have gained, the day, because ours God's providence, and.. Jove,- was a iar sweeter and wholesomer morsel than a worn meeting." I wt;it, jut could hear nothing bers their's by thousands; many have gone v nat around with'' the petitions and just asked if a but' 'Believe ,aifd be saved." I read my out rag of ignorant chivalry. "they were in favor of suffrage and by that broader belter, truer knighthood do we Bibleand prayed eaniestly. tliat I might " J meaus got names that wanted it in theCon-recognize in our. intelligent poet! I lowaiiUJiderstanding of the same, whereby rinlght obtain that' which I had desired stitution, biit did not know there were tvo truly "the highest peak ot all. Mr. Roberts does not deny our right .to sp 'long. j petitions. K, M. Price was anxious that . educationoiirnioral superiority, or our the spring of' t5 an Ivlder of. the we estai)hsh a class. K. T. Macbarlntu Well-- ; 'flue lice, for purity and goodness.. Church at West Bromwich, F.ngland, was nuived that we get the books needed out of that was kind. But, really, education, moved upon to send me a few copies of tjie. the treasury, carried. Dr. Ferguson thought the first book makes us feel, more and more, the falling "Millennial Star. He had never seen me CohstTtution of the United bonds of political bondage; irTbTalsuperi) 7 ld previous to tliismeiread-thtnrrrthou: ue ve viisatezmrriirsr and through the Spirit of the Lord which I States, we" can Sfend many afternoons on jiyi.Jieeiiiiv-cathat. K. J. MacFaflane referred to the unfortunate mistake in Kden, and our in had prayed so long was opened and I received much light and new laws that are being prepared, Dr. Fertluenee, however greatand good and pure, must-liso shackled that our little sons knowledge. guson said the laws, we have now are' the old Kuglish vJaws and w ere the work of a learn early to regard us with contempt, I attended an Faster sociable Jn company (the most- nnknidest cut of all)! Must.be-confine- with members of the Church and had a woman. King Alfred was the first to comwithin such narrow limits to be. time of. and was further enabled to pile them and he named them after. her. rejoicing felt and duly feminine, that we, who have the principles of the Gospel. Adjpurned for two weeks. Benediction, H. investigate J." MaeFarlane. found' the shackles galling, (mothers, While so my deceased husband 'doing wives arc .we,"with women's tender hearts), to me, smiled, spoke to me three .Minutes of meeting held April 30th, would almost exclaim: Remove education, times, and. me that he departed, satisfying veil or the retirement give us the convent was pleased with the course I had taken. I President K. B. Ferguson in the chair a informal meeting was held, announce- of the - Turkish slave wife, for With our" went to and saw a man short meeting . regularly a r ..,.. :.o..rr wider vrsion the load becomes too heavy, u,c,u: ,uaV1.. V..f i" walked on crutches; ouiirage coiner- whoforeightweekshad and your praises seem but airy conceits, or he was administered to iuuiieri arrunirea. those holding ciilv, mm uubiucsb by M. Benediction P. Silver. insults that sink too deep. by authority and was promised by them that His figure of the confluence of the Mishe should leave his crutches and walk souri and Mississippi With but. an ocean to --homer d id Her. bore a testi m oriv rest i n pu t in aiiother: to the truth of the work and that God had way. Political power has so long been exThis through His servants cured him. ercised ,lnT niau alone, : unchecked by .wo: and increased I" JUNE 18, 19 & 20, and encouraged faith, my moral so full of man's higher sense, until, prayed three times each day that He might moral filth, it has become like the great cure me as he had that man, and I promised UNION Hoang Ho which, depositing its silt in its that I would praise His name as as He long bed as it flows, it rises higher and higher would permit me to live. I heard of the until at leifgth.no hand caif stay its -- violent" of Union Pacific gift tongues, and fasted and prayed that On above outburst tjythe ufterjlejstr I might witness thesame at the Wednesday will sell round tickets Incc with itsmillionsaTHl millions of huI went and received to answer .meeting. to Provo man lives. So our governments, defiled by $L90, good to my satisfaction as part of the my prayer . for return their own corruptions, break out in, strikes until was f6r me. "Unto you who atld insurrections, revolutions, wars civil interpretation 22nd, 1895. are not of this Church, thus saith the and otherwise. "Admit a purer stream of the Lord, if ye have faith and re the filthy one less turbid, and the Spiritof your sins", arise and be baptized' in pent catastrophe would at least occur at more the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the widely separate periods. of remission the same and you will receive RfHY La mont. desire of the your heart in righteousness, and be healed of all your infirmities. 26, 28, 30and32 East 1st SouthSt Two days later I went into the water and IvVICNTS IN THK LIFK OF KLIZA SALT LAKE CITY. was baptized and heard a voice say, "My ROLLIXSON. yoke is easy, my burden light. " I left my I was born September 13th 184, was afTliction in the vvafpr nnrl ... .... .. ... The h. ruiib 1 uae nau no nts. 1 can test fy" that I was of which a member I. until was I was healed bv tlie power of God- I knmv land, old enough to think for myself. When I that He lives and that He sent a prbphethi , was old enough to understand lungs as this the sick age are healed f they were I was not sitisfied with what I they have faith in Him. I have seen was Ijeinir' tauuht. but alwavs nrave.l;' - uieiait , u:': w umum .inein nia,,y """ atw dim,, ' childhood my up, feeling that .'.there- was a be dateyue onward. I ,ray: that 1 -- Hi U; glowlr a;v:rph-It- .;: chiv- -' .vd-s- . k'riiifh: wrthV o: ;;o du&i airv: bu: wc have onrQwh .the Middle Ages, thank heaven, and wotneu toMvi.oui the Creator has given brains' for independent .' ; . e i . ; i i- -. . . d . ; out-nuiiu- - ! " 1 re-.cei- ve , I ; - ' ; . m-jrI- ! x n" 1 ' - r-c- on u , . - ap-.peare- , d . T4ii-he-- -- might-iiot-beinaptl- y . "Excursion Via tProvo, PACIFIC: dates at -- trip June . to-mak- e R.K THOMAS ' Leading Retail -- I - and-lhat- K fn, - . . -- 1 may Cash. House R KTHOMAS - 