m. 5 i 11 n ii m I v i ii I r t w i W-UNE- N The .Rights 'of 'the Women of Y.wn am the Rights of the Women of atl Nations '. t ... ' - Veil,. 2y. No. t K CltOHl'.S; "' CON'TliNT'S; Woman. Suffrage Column. College of Utah Kxperiment StationColton. U. W. T. Club K. S; Wilcox. Urothers And Sisters L. I;. Circ'.nc Richards. A Surprise. Young Women's Ideas. Liah Woman'-- ! Si lie Association. R, S., And P. A. Reports. "Ladit.s y Meeting Yilate Young. In The National American W YearofOur Lord S. Convention. Welcome Awaits The N. A. W In S. A. Ikead .Making. NoteA-ANews. Memoriam. ' . ' V " .. of persuasion 'to diffuse the ideas of iual rights. Here and there women v, ere in- ' The-'Agricultur- will the mystic veil be riven S-o- , . vited to sjH.ak in political meetings, and they usually responded. All the jxjlitieal parties in Utah adopted resolution's in their platforms, 'practically pledging themselves to work for women suffrage in (in God's grand decree; y the. State convention. I I1.1t each may earn a glor ous mansion, I lie W . h. A.' in the territory has Urn There, where we all shall be! very conservative,' an4 has. not as an 'asChorus. sociation, afiiliated, or allied itself to any In that life most bright and cheery, .party, but maintained its allegiance to the woman suffrage question Filled with peace and love, , Editorial: Convention In Atlanta, Our hearts will never more grow weary,-Saf- e developments and holding itself in readi' Poktky: L'ndersonrr Man C. Francis. Our ness to work with a puriKise- when the in that home above. ' Home Above I.. L. Greene Richards. Thoughts L. L. Greknk Richards. , opportune time should arrive, as .come it i Of Home F. R. Shipp. Sometime Selected. will, and must. '.Meantime, the 'members have not been UNDERSONG. idle, or off their guard, but have sought WOMAN SUFFRAGK COLUMN... diligently in season and out of season to "Tissaid that joy doth' most illume the heart, Debates have been spread the good word.Yt sometimes' sorrow sings. A bruised rose UTAH' S. 'A. frequent and numerous oil this question, and Is sweet; the nightingale, pierced with' thorn. Mks. Ptfi:,snKNT, oftice,rs and members have lecn held on public platforms, and in dart, social- - and literary clubs by the young Pours forth iivinet wzrblings of her woes, of the Woman 'Suffrage and even children. the very Only That clave the listening air, and, .swelling! floats Association. I left to home come to the convention,, day. JTo blend faint harrnony'with angel's notes. Since we. made the report from Utah tt a boy not more than twelve years old came the Convention held in Washington in tome for literature and 'As the far ocean's moans, on sullen stones, information, telling Die with faint music in their undertones, February, 1894, public' affairs in the territor- me he was to debate on woman suffrage y-have So in the soul the very materially changed. Whereof prfin with one of his schoolmates, and adding, as heretofore- Congress has opposed the adMakes a soft undersong like d opping" rain. "I am on the affirmative and I'm going to mission of Utah to statehood, this last year win." "Of soon or late, the pendulum of fate course, you will," I replied, was there little or no An. from thou but opposition. to must Swings "it's the winning side." wait; despair hope act of the is final enabling or having late passed Congress the There are nineteen counties organized soon, Soon, boon, given the United States, providing for a Constitu- now in Utah, three The glorious radiance of eternal noon. during this last year, tion to be framed suited to the conditions' and How know we but that heaven's sweetest ton? s although money is very scarce in the. of the country,. and in IfliXrmoiiy .withlhe Are transformed echoes of . earth's saddest west, we are determined to icyep ti of. laws :'we' the look forward with moan's?' Republic; NatioWV'm5 membership to th.e Conven-tio'to the Constitutional great hope Woman Suffrage Asoqatio.4au'se we Maky C. Fkancis. which will convene in the. comiiig feel' .that 'hi;' unto th is strength, and OUR HOME ABOVE. .March, lelieving tha the rnen of- our believe,-thaof thvomcn all states iincl Terri tqryjvill stand for- equa 1 ' su ffrage," and territorierrfthe United States. ' sUduld (Air-'ThOlJJylks at IfbmcJL) .that the word mala will' be excluded from utiker on this treat (inesfionv-hirhtil tlv; Way up among, the ."Many Mansions," the statutes of tj'. new staie, givinjjijl:)inueh for Womenkind, and for the better Fair, fair to see! menca, persons- bpnx iii ment of all the world. We are Where Christ, the blessed, holds our ransoms, the same rights tci7.&imio'de." clivi- - as an association in Utah, not todetermined, be aggresThere's where we hope to be. sioit.of did lines to partj?; maintain our integrity to the sive, but theytotersjotrw.' There once with father dear, and mother, much to w tali intojfvorable cause,' of equal suffrage which we have, so Happy were we; TtcogmJem 'tjrgovern meat;, th ques- - muchfat heart,a'udLliold - ourselves as a And with the Saviour's King, our brother, s thatmce. agitatedlli.rx;6ble:-ar- e reserve force, feeling sure that the time' is There's where we hope tqj) obH tertetf,, an3 111 this respeM as Regards near at, handSvhen the womanly and vpnen-- much was acxrompiisliya through Chorus, will ' be needed in the' nation tfr r he work done for the Columbioii Exposi Hul cheery, with men in theXsolutioirol Though our lives are tion, when all women combined tlieir efforts grave 'questions: which agitatethc Filled witjji4orlve; .jfiitrv, to make the Utah exhibit a complete success- the great rin to be Yet jhtfftrt g5pri fajnt andj$ wjouo en in every line, department of ofuan;s-Kvomare asydeeply- :iite?Ud :is ongs for. ibyjomc, above. work. I his has also jriven suffrairci seriti- mortgage ffKitedhesjboiidiiig',. excessjve ' HdwjDjny IbvetfohejjtflJe and tender, ment a more wide-sprearecognitionVfroin -- " Frornlrth set free, axation. and otftierinusjnatters which - . x tlie fact that.- women .who had oiiQe NbeeJ; materially-assisth ' re dwellingtt5v in bliss and splendor, .who. had practicVllvr these maUfs, women must have and enfranchised, . equal lere, where we hopfe tobe. realized the privileges of the ballot; thrptfgh I with-thand advantages or pohticprivileges flower, Iikeripened fruit: or leaf, mingling with those who were new to tae . ; .v of the nation. j From parent tree, "and 011 indifferent the ;subjec,tV, VThe- - Utah suffragists have-- very stroiif Territory, $Somecherished friend is called each hour, (some, of themvenpposed) l&.theitfS oa.QKing in ine unjenLOorn in the vah, ; Home, where we hope to be; fZseciating, became ; unawares a.iOjiwere, partially 11 not wholly couveriAsrto woman oye of freedom (a characteristic peSar to suffrage. us clouds are ever shadows casting. ikountainous countnesy; andJfured by of to thevTfodabn Previous seardelejratesto rnnrli OVr Timpc tlte mothers:, and fathers whffized lihrtv . which the.Co'nstitutionaJionvention dearer thai) life. M, V" WV nf tlio til ut jblaures will be pure and lasting, rl1II camconsiderable la$t. be. to held.an'ionDef; Stitutional Conven' VThere, where we hope gaies mjtht;tcoming . was aone both the wojar by or in popular tion.XaryohngJfi who 'cheruih; these paign vision. Sometimes, hallow'd dream and and Democrats, Republicans parXjv th&Oiivre we consider tlTKnnt: injarin seems 10 nee; the several in used counties swfifrage w'Qmenlook most'jrJ (tjeful aud encouraging.-- - ;A One'glirMse of Heaven bnngs decisio- n- best and influence;' their., utmost' powers delegatvSf women will doubtl herd's where we, too, must be,, e care- k , , Sing, Sing with glee! While f lithful to each trust that's given, In w hat we all must be. Hlcst Faith, which gives the soul expansion, . , Semi-monthl- . od prup-erawaitin- g -- - . ; - . ' peo-peopl- 'National-American- e, " after-tim- e - te, - . u . - - e . :" ' 1 - TjXnu t . co-opeja- te moral-elemen- ... . 1 - - 1 d " . . btJrgiandti - ' . t ; e -- . , ; c . i - v " - ! n-j- - r L IIV ! . . - t" X A - t 