: :'r, -- WOMAN'S -- BMMEL1XE B. WELLS, exponent WOMAN'S . . hi o 1 tt- -p s . e3T itlj eii. niaitei . of" lectures ' given to larg and of The doctor, h,, audiences. question of qual siinrage, but;jo to and apreciative traveled over three thousand miles and in : do all tliat is jiossible-t- o iU: iiiu.tAUiuu: lectured over live hundred, and" urge every matt lo'vote Jor it, by .reason hours.- ' She expects to remain at home The sutfrage-womeby 'persuasion, or entreaty. of Utah expect every man to .'do his Luring the winter season but not to hileruair" nor even follow tlie allurements, of Uu. duty at the polls in November by voting to continue the good woik Tor statehood, and it is" devoutly to be social' whirl'but ' her professional duties and-"ho'ped that such vigilance wi be exercised ' liu following in the a class and art oi by women, 'as well asrhe'n, that not a vote teaching ' r obstetrics will be lost. The eyes of the world; are upon Utah in. the present state of aifairs, and the greatest iiyoiKNie cookhrv. and noblest women are .watching and anxious to know how the tide will turn. In the art of preparing food in a .whole-.If Utah comes into the union with ecmal. nutritious nianner.a thorough practical suffrage upon lier- banner, what rejoicing knowledge of this very useful art ought to there wilUe among the women who are form a part of the education of every voting laboring early and late unceasingly for the woman,.' whatever her station in life. . promotion of the cause, and the freedom position in life is more responsible thau of every .woman from political bondage. that of the person who arranges the bills of One more free state, one more bright fare and selects the food for the household, star in the flag of the Union, and one that' and what higher mission can one Conceive means so much for human rights,' the' thau to.intelligeutly prepare the wherewithal truest type of that great boon, without, to make .shoulders strong to bear life's'J.mr: which happiness cannot be- - ..complete, dens, and heads clear to solve its intricate liberty, yea liberty, without the distinction j problems. What worthier work- than to ' of sex, race or color; help the building up of the bodies into mire Woman herself must .not cease her eftemples tit tor guests of noble thoughts forts in her Own behalf, or in behalf of her and Bread has been high purposes. own sex; because it must be apparent to proverbially styled-- "the staff of life.".? In all, that although women may be intelnearly all ancient languages theTword bread' and active, yet signifies all. indicating that the bread of lectually bright, vigorous and the lack discipline men j earlier periods wasthey .training what it should get from association, political and otherar a le, thepresent time, staff upon whiclf wise, which brings them in contact with all the functions of life might with sat'etv each other, and the public at large." WoNotwithstanding the important men have occupiedjL much narrower sphere depend. is bread designed tc play in the ecoiioin v part heretofore, and necessarily their views and of life, it would Ix? hardly possible to men: opinions on questions 01 state, with its re- !' tion another article of lood which falls so far lative departments, political economics and. below, the standard, eith.er; through .the matters of serious importance will; require" manner of its preparation or the mateiial time to mature. And the real method of used. Were the tables of our land supplied arriving at excellence in' any of these, will with good nutritious bread there would be" be by practice. Until women are admitted less desire for cake and other indigestibleto participation in affairs of city, county and articles;, which under the of state, they never will utilize the knowledge cooking are allowed to. present system compensate, for the of, political science they may get by careful inferior quality and preparation, of more --- f '' v w.;ylchood Editor. -. ) JuseT H'tilLS LAMVOX CawiMl. A.V.VS : .: v dedsroiiJatthe---N- JiXPONEN'L " : '" - , Published in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terras: one copy one year, $i.fc6; one copy six months, 50 cts. No reduction made tor clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. , Advertising rates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil liberal spac one time, 2.50; per month, $3 00. regular advertisers. ExrONENT (jflice, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Build-tng- y Itfain Street, oppobite Z.C. M, I. Business hours'from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. - Address all business communications to ' PUBLISHER WOMAN'S- EXPONENT, scrai-momblj- r, dis-cc- ut - - Salt Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Post cast matter Office -- e ' . - ' in Salt Late Citj, Utah; at sec end j - ; " Salt' Lake Citv, SfcTPTEMntR and i, j 1S95. 15, ' ; R E LIE F S 0 C II v I W CONFERENCE. . .. . The general conference of the Relief Society will be held in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this city, on Thursday, October 3rd, i S95, meetings commencing at " 10 a. m rand 2 p. 111. as usual. It is that there -- should be a representation from the Relief Society of every Stake of Zion and from each society within . earn-esjlydesire- the several. Stakes. d, Ail arc 'cordially, the conference", and especially thelnembers of this important organiza-tion- . . . 1. I ! - ' j in-trut- h ' Zina I). H. Young, President - Jane S. Richards, Batiishlha W, Smith, Counselors. " ; j WORK AND WAIT. : -- - one --have imagined, a few years ago, just what is taking place at the present time here in Utah, especially among, the women of the Territory. History is being made rapidly, history in which women form a prominent part. And why By attending not? Are they-h- ot as much concerned in study. 'audHfnvestigation. the welfare of the new state that is to beas primary meeUngsojiyejitiQiisud meurrert-coTirxnis'niie-iF rings, they will coine by homes, their degrees to comprehend; the responsibility and of life, Could, any " uelr-likeuUlica- j ; - j j I whoiesomjLloijd. nat is icrmeu wnite Hour The " liberty pursuit happiness." And not only theirs but that of their posterity dearer far than one's own life to the. mother-heart- s I t behooves woman at this time to exert alllier faculties, to bring, out. her best thought, her ripest judgment, her most earnest endeavor in that which will make the new commonwealth of perfect government possible. Some things tobe sure have not come up to the expectation of women in reference-timmediate equality of suffrage, and yet one cannot help believing even that is "wisely provided against, for new experiments are sometimes, in fact often disastrous in governments as Well as in other things, and after all it was not anticipated by the most sanguine that women would .vule with men, but that if voting at all would vote separately. But surely there can be ho complaint as the matter stands now, women are debarred from voting this coming election, but it does not hinder them from working u T;tfib-44rt-m- ost . o . Ilpralkinvhe have a voice. They may exert their utmost influence .for the interest of the state ' . and especially 'for the ratification and adoption of the Constitution which has ieen framed "and has gone out to the people, and upon which the legal voters will render their and advantages of the ballot and to appreciate the opportunities" it gives where judiciously exercised to make better conditions for humanity, and especially to make better protection for dependent women and- children; not only individually ' - s, lmriii-ol4ubH- ea whether educational, industrial or reformatory. Not that we think the milleuiuin will have come, when women have equal but it will be the dawning of a bright--e- r period for the whole world of mankind; already the leaven has .begun to work in Utah and women feel the stirring of a desire to look deeper into the science of .government, and to examine the history of other countries and compare notes. ' suf-rag- e; , new-ideas- EDITORIAL NOTE. Dr. Ellis IHn'P-liasretTirnedifo-nT an extensive "lecturing four in Northern Utah and Idaho. Having devoted the past three months in the interest of woman's advancement communicating thought which; lies at the very foundation of woman's education; the perservation of health, the prevention of disease and Ahi perfecting nas a lanje part of the nutritive properties of the grain left out and unless the deficiency is made up. by other food, the use of bread", made from such material will leave the most vital tissues of the body poorly nr urished and tends to produce innumerable bad results. People. wuo eat bread made from fine white flour. naturalTFcTave the food e which have been eliminated from, the wheat and are thus led to an excessive consumption of meat and other stimulating articles of diet. The superiority of bread made from entiie f wheat or mibolted'meal' "has been 'attested-by many notable examples in history. In England under the administration of Win, Pitt, there was for several years a seamtV of wheafsothat to make it last longer iw was passed by Parliament that the air.! should be supplied with bread niade. fiuri unbolted flour. It caused much d't ,sat refaction among, the men, but nevertheless the health of the army improved so greatly ! j j ; " j 1 asJoJiLubiectfuroriev-tro- r and physicians publicly declared the soldiers- nad never been so robust and healthy. Ac- cording to analysis, whole wheat bread con; tains 60 per cent more of the phosphates or material than does meat; and 200 percent more gluten than white bread. To white flour may be attributed the early decay of teeth. If children are to have 'bone-makin- g 