iOJlCl il SUUjVCl Ul .U1XUMIUII. Ill" UtVU was exactly able to say". why men opposed Woman's Suffrage. When it came to the subject ; of Political Economy women had -- ithe.adyajita observant. He ,was sure the women of Colorado had done their state a great service, in" the study of Taw. The divorce cases that had dome up before them in cases out of one hundred the ninety-nin- e men were to blarne. In women casting their ballot they should do as they feel and not vote as their .husband's do, unless they were convinced it was for the best. He thought women had intellect, he. knew they had tongues. Ile thought it was necessary that one or t wo ladies be - on the school board. The greatest opponents were the saloon keepers they did not want women If we to vote, they were afraid of her. iuust have saloons let them be good ones. i lit: wuuicu suuutu iuu unci uicsc ainwua that sold whiskey" from the back door on Sundays. He wished woman success iu 'her' efforts, but he thought the time for contending for woman's rights, in Utah, He afterwards ascertained was past. that women could, not vote at the1 coming election which effected the Judge very He then .urged the women to much. exert their energies to the greatest, that their husbands sons and brothers should vote for the Constitution. He could now see plainly the opposers of Woman Suffrage would do all they could to defeat the constitution. He had thought there was nothing more for women to do, now he couM see a great work before them. Benediction by Andrew Anderson. .The Convention then adiourned for three months. Josie E. Ciiilds, Cor. Sec. . MRS. MAY letter A WRIGHT SEWALL. from Mrs, May Wright l, of the International Council of Women, and one of the Cabinet of the National Council of Women of the United States, dated Sept.-- 8, at Prescott. Arizona, informs us she has been srjendingtliesuinine- r- therentrrtiertius oand, who went south for his health some time- previous; though' resting from her arduous home labors, she has by no means been idle but sowing good seed in that locality, and "has given some lectures there and succeeded in organizing the Woman's Club of Prescott with thirty charter members. - work there. "Mrs. May Wright Sewall's lecture on Saturday afternoon was quite well attended by ladies from both Prescott and Whipple. Her subject was the "Oiigin and Formation of Women's Clubs" and her lecture was very interesting. Mrs. Sewall is very graceful on the lecture platform and language proceeds from her as water from a spring, and she held her audience throughout the lecture. In the matter of clubs,it may be interesting to mention the fact that Mrs. Sewall has the honor of being one of three ladies, residing out of New Yprk,1 who is a member of New York's celebrated Sorosis club. ;On Tuesday afternoon at 3 o'clock she will give another talk tr :...' in .l. . larlif": "at'lv.- nf P "on aiiia will aszsiai uic j of a club here. organization She hasjlsojconsented to near mture on the subiect of "b'emalp SiiffVarro a subject not entirely new, but which .will no doubt be handled in such a way by her as to make it interesting to all who will attend. Mrs Sewall is the President of the National Council of Women of the United States, having held that position from March, 1891, to March S95, and is at present secretary of foreign re- -' .. d -- giv-ectuTeT- nhT at-Lar- -- tce-- I r esi---de- Jor-women-to-- nt te ' . 1 - -- : . ! may-addres- ' ' ' J " " 1 ; " C5 "X- - i ; Con-fUrrMi- v'V AW v " T 1 rf . - - 1 t She-preside- g s - " : . R. ' S. SAN J REPORTS. Rkuei Society Conference couvened President Aug. 16, 1895. Louisa Haight, presiding, presejit. were her counselors, Helen E. Tuttle and Ann Wilson: president: H. D. Haight Moroni Pickett and Frankand counselors Brim. lin F. Conference opened by the choir singing, "Come Oh Thou King of Kings." Prayer by Bishop William T. Harper. Choir ' sang "Israel, Israel God is calling." Opening remarks by president Louisa Haight. Minutes were read. Six branches of the Relief Society were reported by their presidents; and three ngt reported; those sisters who reported made good remarks. Counselor Helen E. Tuttleexpressed her good wishes and made encouraging remark. CounselorAnu Wilson made a, few re marks Sister Marintha A. Stoddard said, "We must practice what we preach, we should be energetic and have faith. When we attend our meetings and partake of spiritual food we are more capable to teach our little rnc " " at Oakley, also-stak- e - , SisterRosabell Ar - Brim-spo- I' AN. .MinvJtes of the Relief Society Confer CASSIA STAKE. -- Sew-al- Vice-President-at-Lar- spell-boun- i j u ie- wisdom and sen tial of the Internationl Council, ot knowledge, as men ; for' this work is not a which Her Kxcellency.the Countess of Aberdeen, small work it is magnificent. We' should ' is President. meet .together frequently and, the more Fuller meetings v e attend .the more we want to: -- Mrs. Sewall gave her Margaret lecture to' the ladies itr Prescott which We have congregated here fcxlay.to hear the must have been impressive, considering the reports of the several branches of the Relief Society and testimonies and be instructed subject, and the remarkable presence of the; s atus. . Minutes of by those who lecturer, her ease of manner and the tractive power which she has with' her first organization ' of the Rejief Society were read. audience. NaHaitrht snoke tov WAV Prurient' Louisa Mrs. Sewall-- expects .to speak at the sisters about storing- up gram, and eavt tional Council Convention iu Atlanta in '' good instructions. October on the "Functions of the Cabinet, she has alio accepted .an invitation to speak Bishop John L. Smith was pleased with the at the Educational Congress in Atlanta in privilege of attending Relief Society Snintcnul "There are Latter-d.iw V VV iJ November, her subject is "The Duty of Manare and the but Morals masses? I Public who are to the advancing, the School to' think the majority of the peopleare neglectners.'' Mrs. Sewall is quite wellknown a number of Utah women though her conful; let us- throw off that negligence and nection with suffrage work and as the let our light shine.- livery thing is.nil right presiding officer of the National Council, in Zion. of- Col Snirit (Vmtrreirntion santf. and' whatever Mrs Sewall undertakes she O ' 'The l Benediction --ly President II. I). does in an effective and masterful way; etc. with great dignity, neverlos-inHaight. ' Louisa Haight, President. her; presence of mind for a single ' ' ' moment. : : L Ron ; bins, Ass t Sec. the- - National - Council, and V lationsin of" tlfe" ke" many uuucs uc oivmg upon us, ana tiie labor we had to perform; said if we would all do our part the labor would be light. President. H. D. Haight addressed the conference was pleased to hear the remarks "of the sisters. This is a life of trial and disappointment. If we have knowledge superior to others, we ought to be willing to impart it unto them, and bring them up to our standard. , Let us be affable and kind and set a good example before all. This is the Lord's work and He acknowleges ence of the ban Juan Stake of Zion, held at President Monticello,- Aug. 26th, 1H95. Martha Hammond presiding, present on the. stand, Apostle Brigham Young, Elder - - mond and counselors. Meeting opened by the choir singing. Prayer was offered by Bishop Jens Nielsen, continued with singing. The minutes of previous Confer ei.ce were read and approved. Followed by remarks from Stake President of the Relief Society Marth?t Hammond; she reported her labors in visiting around the stake, where "lsne iouna11tne society in an11.us orancnes improving which was a source of satisfaction to her. . Mancos Society was reported bySecre . tary Louie White. . r r tl y i3urnnanj7-t)secretary xoigaii voung. Monticel'.o, by Counselor Mary A Per' kins.. Bluff, by President Kisten- Nielsen and Moab by Sister Mary Taylor all are doing ' fairly well. counselor mary ones, M. Aiiiaus and Sister Taylor all bore a faithful testi- I ." 1 1 " 1 T 1 - onv-l-o tlie-work-fif-O- orl' Elder George Reynolds said it was the first time, he believed, he had had the privilege of speaking in a Relief Society Conference and the second time he ever atonerbut did. not wish the sisters-tthink he was not'in sympathy with their work, added other remarks that were instructive to the listeners. President F. A. Hammond occupied a few minutes in encouraging the sisters in their great work, as did Apostle Brigham Young, he compared the condition of the Latter-daSaints tothe, different organizations. day, with their condition forty years ago. Choir sang, "O'er the Gloomy Hills of Spoke a short time on the subject, which ' ' was very interesting. Darkness. Benediction by BishopThoiiu as Taylor; The general and stake officers of the Re Afternoon Session ornpri lief Society were unanimouslv sustained. by the choir singing, "Lift up Your Heads Conference was adjourned for three months. Dismissed by the congregation-singin- g ye Scattered Saints." Prayer by Brother the Franklin F: Brim. Choir sang, The Benediction was pro"Softly Doxology. Beams the Sacred Dawning. " Statistical nounced by Counselor William Hall. , and Financial reports were read. Brother. Martha Hammonu, Prest. Moroni Pickett said: "I think-iisasestended- y . t Kveia n Adams, Ass't Sec. . o 