. ;:r?rxiit" uC; .vi :?f cvvito c:r-v- rd be-w-lh'i- ii .tWtlxaid . . . - hd. ioittti His: r'r;!! M' rhr :iv -- -- Bngham Mi det!: :f:iti felt she wcmM to taoa- i:er tl:tra5s-rferwl- in the con- cremation tesuned. to ::en Knowledge that I umerent in- Joseph was a Prophet, related stances in his life. Sister. Alder was thankful J to te herei givethein charity,, the Conference will be in had been depnved rronr meeting: throuvrh four weeks, was glad trie ladies had enjoyeu sickness, had enjoyed the Mate Convention, Ahe late Convention, thought Miss Authony, the ladies from Colorado.-- ; --Shw and the ladies had VlUii. M uMrm A. Ill f JiJr 'Mi's lives; but we are doing a great work, and we had been well treated here; if they will only have, a knowledge that our work is a speakGf us as we are, it is all we ask, they felt Well towards us. Never strength tp us. wanted to see a great work heard anyone so amusing as the Rev. Anna done in the future. Prophet Joseph, said a woman The visiting ladies asked many peculiar Shaw;-th- e should walk on a . man's left side so that questions, said that she was surprised to hearabout it, at this late day that they he had his right hand todefend her. Sang, should believe such things,, they did hot "Mid scenes of Confusion.'.' Itenediction, seem to see beauties in Hishop Whitney's Sister Julia Howe. ' Mary E. Irvine; Sec. pro tern. speech; it seems strange hat so many that come among us are blinded to.. what is taking place right around them. Women.are s. to as have the front they always coming done before the downfall of a nation, we DEAR LAKE STAKE. want to do everything so fast that we can,Tjie Conference of the not take time to attend. to our duties every' i day. Is time being, shortened or do we, Relief Society, convened at. Bloom ngton imagine it? We all have to drink deep of Meeting House, May 29, 1895, "President Julia P. Lindsay, presidifig. Singing, . sorrow and in this way the Lord will make us what He wants us, related how Moses "Redeemer of Israel." J Prayer by Bishop ' ; was taken to the courts of Rgypt, and then Finley. Singing. called the offStake then The Secretary bad to be taken do the wilderness: are we using our influence for good every day of icer's roll and read the minutes of the previous conference, which were received. our jives? Do not be led away by the follies of the world, it comes in many forms, Opening remarks were then made by Sister .Lindsay, in which she expressed and we need to watch and pray continually that we .do right: A sister rejoiced that pleasure at being enabled to meet withus Said she had' not visited she ever heard the Gospel and wanted to in conference. live her religion, had enjoyed the Suffrage the stake this spring, therefore was notable to report its condition. The ; following Another sister had a testiConvention. mony that this is the work of God was Relief Society branches were then reported: thankful that she lived in this day, had Bloomington, St. Charles by Sarah heard the visiting ladies, thought they were Cook; Garden City by President Cook; a copv.' ' 4 A" tjieetUiV i 't , . ed Lord." " bright and. intelligent women. ' Sister Gibson was pleased to hear the sisters testify. , In 1S40 Joseph Smith went to attend a conference and him was had convincedtfiat day, asked her there, father's consent to be baptized heconsented and she went joyfully forward, when she saw the saints gathering she thought the chance would never come but the Lord "opened the way. Hoped she would continue faithful, had a good Patarichal blessing, would like to do all the good she could. Sister Webb felt the spirit of the Lord was wdthus here, referred to the Convention just passed thought the ladies were very pleasing speakers, but they had not the Gospel, they were doing a great and good work, referred to the words of President Woodruff in Brigham City, that the had gone forth and many would be reapers cut down, was pleased to hear Sister Gibson's testimony, gave her a very powerful blessing. We all want to work in the Temple, , we should not spend . all our strength in worldly- - affairs, save our lie charitable strength for spiritual labors, ' to each other, how much the Lord over' looks in us. Sister M. P. Silver was pleased to be back again, she knew that' the prayers of her sisters had1 helped her, knew that faith she-hear- d toher, -- . : Round --ValleyTown by President A. Hodges; Woodruff, Paris; First ward by Sister Sutton;- Paris, Second ward by President Eschler; Lanark by President Toomer; Ovid, Liberty by Sister Morgan; Montpelier by President Bennington by President Vanorman ; George Town by President Fret well; Ward Berne by Counselor Keith. The statistical reports were then read jafter which, President Lindsay said it had been a source of great satisfaction to her, to hear that all the branches reported were in She also said that as good condition. Sister E. Collings and herself were getting old and were not able to take their journey through their stake as they "used to, it was thought wise for her to select another aid, accordingly Sister Amelia Hodge was chosen and unanimously sustained as an aid to the presidency of Jhe Relief Society of the Stake; Counselor E. Collings then arose and said notwithstanding her great age and feeble body she still had a strong desire. to perform every duty devolving upon her as far as she was able. Endeavored to show the sisters that they were here for a purpose, and that they must attend to every known duty or they would, be held acpountable for the same. Laid particular Stress on the work that should be done for the dead; said 'thai' -- - Ho-ganso- . . -- V ' ' ." . sacrament During the administration the choir sang v'How great the wisdom of of-th- the Lord." e ; . Counselor L. Hart spoke at some length tm the improvement in the different organizations of the Church and of the necessity of the officers of the organizations beingmnited in their work. Sister Mary Bagley spoke of the many ." tasks that we are called upon to perform from time to time, and the need we' have of the spirit of God to eyer.be our guide and companion; spoke also of the. advantage of the young and the many things that would be required at their hands. President William Budge addressed us for'a short time, encouraged the sisters to continue in the g(xd work, assuring them that their reward was,certain; spoke of. the purity of the women of Zioh and the example they, should set the world in this respect. Touched on equal suffrage, expressed himself as .being a strong advocate of the same. Urged aH to live up to their duties, so that they might have the Spirit of Our Heavenly Father with us continually, invoked the blessings of God upon us. President J. P, Lindsay felt that we had been well paid for attending meeting." Thanked the people of Bloomington for all their ki ndiiess d u ri ng con fefeiice. Meeting "adjourned for six mouths by singing an anthem "Praise Ye the Lord." Benediction by Bishop Finley. - reports. : . . . ke . , ; At 2 p.m . meeting., was called and the choir sang "Come to me." L: . Prayer by Brother Greenhalgh. Singing, "Behold the ihouutain" .of the i ' Bear-Lake-Sta- ' . - r: ' - T le-liev'- oung was the legal Aueca.H- - nun speatc ..auer uie manyraoin,. if was Joseph's and not Hrigham's voice; said this ..was a great testimony to lier of the divinity of the Work . .Xfeetiu adjourned by singing, "God is Love." Benediction, i)reident Iludge: - d . - - under :aad the necessity to live her religion. Sister Home Would like to see the sisters take the Poem iroui this sister, it v?s much better to ' help people in this, way than to he had the poem for sal? 1 work-- N -- J- lime, a faithful 'testimony rto jh, . of this work.' ; "Sister Fretwellsaid she hadhved in Nair martyrdom Jit Joseph at Manti and iiot gala Weuil wairt suffrage." .Sister the Kioiball iU the" sick' net prayers oT:: nr sttrs; trie better- Vcr .coring tonicct- - Tcnc ,v:i?s-.r..t- r? VA ,ts:er, who uVuvio M.-- . -- . " . y . Sec, R. S. , n; WAYNE STAKE. Relief Society Conference convened nt ttie Loa ReliefSociety.i Hall, May -- 30th, 1895. Present were "Sisters Susan Grant from. Davis Stake, and Sister Maria W. Wilcox from Salt Lake City, Stake Counse-lorH- . M. Hansen, Patriarch E. H. Blackburn and other brethren . Singing. Prayer offered by Br. E. H. Blackburn. by singing. President J. S. Cole-- , ' man inade opening remarks, was pleaseddo sistPTQ frnm Qcilf T nt'o'iT-Ifl- . have wciii. ivuivv. vim uo, 7 Goti to bless the speakers that we piajicw might have a time of rejoicing. - President Susan Grant of Relief Society ' of, Davis Stake, said she was pleased to meet Witlf the sisters in Wayne Stake; as she had been called; to .fill that appointment, Thought it was encouragingio have sisters from other localities visit us and talk upon the principles of the Gospel; "we all have to fit and .qualify ourselves for those things- - that we are called upon to perforin ; we should make out homes comfortable and v desirable, so ; xthat our children will like to stay 7at homer-teac- r the children the right path that they' Con-tihue- d ..nl : ..- al-wa- ys . h 