27 WO MA NS: !KX l'ON KNT. GOLDIi . t BELIES. ' "As far as the desert spreads its night, In the forest or West or East, The Press to the dreary will bear its light,, 1 j OUR IJTTLE PAPER. . ' . Head t Vie Golden Si.Ur Cla-ko- . of Itrother and Wedding FunninKtonr f T '.. j Anrf-knowled- ge .f7j'From ''Ther'-'- Hark, listerr to IhW MdcpZttidl llovv many thoughts their ttrasitrt ells; How many scenes of joy and pain , Are echoed in that sweet refrain. """ rrtl jvnp j beat with eacirwild stroke '; As n from years of slumber, woke. For ah! those golden wedding bells-Ju- st half a long, long century tells! Now many friends with loving thought -- Have homage to the faithful brought; For they with toil and earnt st 2eal. Have worked for years fur Zion's weal. E. R. S. wn-ii- u - -- i tcdoddresslreTrleet7 ajitGro'aiiiii Said that she when a little girl," had ing. rsT-We- i 4 4 w- - i. ' The growing cul- - talent and interest of women in public questions was strikingly shown last " tivation. J From a poem entitled "Adieu." "Goodnight, sweet night; - , . must away though not to leave thee dumb, Nor very lone, for see the mcon hath come And gives thee now a soul of light!" ' 'i In a poem of three pages, all very goou I ' " "The Press," I have selected one ";; : 1 .. . Autumnal Musings." This was followed by a debate, "Shall We Have a Double Money Standard for America?" The affirmative won Programme for next meeting. Roll called to be answered by sentiments from John Ruskin. Subject, "The Single Tax Question. ' ' Dr. R. B. Pratt to lecture and the members to discuss. Song, Miss Pearl Russel. Original Poem, Mrs, E. B. Wells. Meeting adjourned for one month. Bene- ' diction by Mrs. L. D. Alder. . L. S. Wilcox Sec'v. , : . was called, 77 c Need of the Hour, her opinion is, there never, was a time when there was greater need of activity and diligence in looking after the jnterests of the -- rs . -- continually need patching up. because it is not equally well poised? It seems that we have eyery facility to make Utah a lovely State aood home for t heindu.struu s a i id fi trga roTilni n if y . oucn as iuoe win) uii eiutrrcu in: vaucy; theT. were a humble people appreciating every blessing as a gift from God our Father, not forgetting to thank HimXcon-tinuallfor blessing the efforts of this people and also in answering their prayers Hn times of affliction, for such times will come 11 y tr nrnrp nc tliic remin-iscensce- "And what is m re deserving to survive, And silently to work for centuries Than the confession of a gentle love ' Confided modestly to gentle song." Mrs. Lillian Rozell Messenger is the full name of the author of tliex book ot poems from which we republish some snatches as specimens; all her poems are pure in language and feeling, and show a mind gentle rvnptif -- traveled with her mother in the company of Mrs. Woodruff; knew her to' be a noble" " 1 woman. 1 Honorary President E. B. Wells and Mrs. E. J. Stevenson both spoke in honor and s praise of 'Mrs. Woodruff, and gave of her life. lTs 'an read M original poem, . ' - "Faithful'aHd True." nt vi .shorter poems. One rather lengthy poem but very odd and quite a romance full of clear-cu- t gems is Hallo ween,, which opens with "an extract from Goethe. verse.' The-- -- . weeks, but have found some charming verses and can safely recommend its perusal. The title is :"XheVisioi : . called The book containsJraahygeiiis Roll called. Minutes of. previous son. meeting read and with one exception ap- proved. Mrs. Hattie B. Harker gave a biographical sketch of Mrs. Phoebe W. Woodruff. Mrs. M. A. Winters, a visitor from Pleas- - ) oL4J . "A Farewell." Vice-preside- -- X X. "" -- When in Washington last winter a very bright and pleasant lady was introduced to me by a dear friend whom I met on my first visit to the capital, and in introducing uio. uie lauy sue suiu; u utit, Messenger .is a poet and an author which, interested Tnp".verf j.asa.inattcrcf-coursemuch more, and after conversing with her a few minutes, she promised to give me a copy ofher book, in return I promised to make a notice of it after a careful revie w, 1 - fore-fathe- MRS. MESSENGER'S POEMS. k weighty and inspiring to memory. Not only so but all the daily duties of life. which have been her experience appreciated day by day; and practicable as well. sue also reiers to uie remarks ot iTesident Brigham Young, who, while urging the im- nortance of dihcrence and faithfulness in our duties to God and to each other said, "If we are not diligent and faithful in keeping the commands of God our Father, when Babylon falls we will fall with her: Nor will we be worthy to be called by the name of Him whom St. John saw "in his vision whose name was written on his thigh, community than thepresent. This then poem Fare welfislTvery beautiful one, we .shows that the growth and prosperity of a people depend largely upon the work of have only quoted the last verse. E. B. W. the preliminary proceedings, also the energy, j)erseverance,rthrilt and industry ot its sons and daughters, and finally her petition is, V'Oh, that supreme, wisdom may be given as U. W. P. c. who framed .the it was to our glorious constitution of our great Republic." " Ks Minutes of Utah .Woman Press Club Now I would ask, should not we offer meeting, held Saturday "evening June 2;th, another petition for those men who are Ruth M. Fox presidnow expected to frame as she says a consti- 1895. ing. Opening prayer by Mrs. E. J. Steven- - Aj'7". . v i " old year, good-bye- ! . hope that you buried all wrongs said, And the broken wnyjijet them rest in your tomb! For Oh. you've taken from me What will, not return through the cycles tied, Nor be lost in eternity." ; ;. ,!; 1 From many hearts, coniefervent. prayers' V. For. God to lighten all their cares; Increase their jovs, augment their powers, Make smooth, their path, and scatter, flowers Their days on earth with joys be crowned, Until the "diamond bet is" shall sound, And called at last by Heavenly bells the fest .where' Father dwells. Toioin ' nrii rof;.nori I Hill II. oc ill! loatedjut on "Good-bye;- . . i- ' violet wings7 Softer than roses twilight brings Between the sunset and the sea, That angels named Felicity the cold, .dark door and roll The stone a wayjr'ojri your dim. sou!;- Whence you will "come to find instead Your higher self, peace wept as dead, And angels by you never knew. If love be true! If love be tiuel That -. Z by scripture lessons making every word i , o r tree ' ' - Unflinching ever since their youth, 'They've labored long-t- spread the truth, And in the hearts of young and old, Their names enshrined in w ords of gold. . .-I -- Their golden tongues with potent power. . Portray the dark and brighter hour. with al! love, sublime,. But through them faith trust still twine. and Two hearts" with . This 'morning I was highly entertained while readingO our little rancr. In the.7.. I ;jirst place in reading thTcrrraiicH ov 'our beloved Sister Home whose teaching is al " - Which, only the lovjng know." ', "If." .... V 'The little prayer I said for you, ' heart-throb- s ' ;' hearts below, Wlfotlrearn in love's felicity ; ' high-priest- one called. "Kate;" .. Our shalt be week in the National Republican League Convention, at (Jleveiand, u. ropuiist women take fully as active a part in the conventions of their party, and Democratic women are coming more and more to do the same. It is a good thing for women of all shades oLpQliticaifaiih to with the men holding similar Views. Ex. co-operat- e, tPQf will qTtQU.t we are chaff or wheat, and charita-bl- e as well. Yes, it will test our faith in omnipotence Who is at the head of all intelligence, and of the One who never fails to "WlTeTIier hear the prayers of those who keep his commandments, for such persons can ask in faith, knowing the words of Jesus were, "In vain ye call me Lord, Lord, and do not the things which he bids us." Then let us be careful not to grasp too eagerly the things of this life that we forget the wTorld ana look ueyond, is my prayer. M. E. K. Sept. 25th, 1894. " : Miss Nkixie Murphy of the Antlers said to be the Hotel, Colorado Springs,-iin a large hotel in only woman room-clerthis country. 1 In England the position' is . often held by women.The demand for space in the Woman's Building at the Cotton States and" International Exposition has been, so great that the woman's board has been compelled to ask for an appropriation for an annex. s k 1 - , . 