Ml 1 .,..'y f. xr-TyK'g- Vol. 24 Women Twn, "and the "Rights 0 0 JteJ0fa?Pl :.AV"KXlK7CITV; 7 : BISHOP O. F. WHITNEY. UTAH, JUNE CONTENTS; - I - r i : . .... 'r 15, - "iT- " ' -. No. "" 2.. '.'" doctrine destined to ameliorate the condition of the race, c Prophets, poets, philosophers" Ih'shop'O. F. AVhitney-Remamade, at the. madr the at hanarks large Tabernacle, sages, reformers of .every description the Tabernacle Sunday .May 12, 195. Woman. Suf-nlt Lake. City, Sunday May 12, .S95. world has -- not bowed down to them, has frage Column. Appeal to the Armenians.' Litnot placed upon, flieir brows the laurel W as the next erary Society Caroline A. Crocheron. Woman He said "To speaker. In Journalism Li,zie Wilcox. R;. S. P. A. what I owe the distinguished honor that has wreath, has not showered .blessings, upon' them while living. It Has ever been that ' Reports. In Memoriam. been placed utmjii nie in being asked to fol the living prophets were, despised and low ladies Who have already President Young's trampled upon, vvhile the sepulchres of the you, I know. not; particularly dead Lctjer From, Lorenzo P Young; Editorial Notes. addressed rv c c tf .1.11 T at 1 prophets were garnlshedjbut it shall yet irviiiit Lost. Arts Annie Wells Cannon. thinkof the many able men ami women b,roKTKY : In Memoriam L. A. Crandell. Mawhom I am surrounded, and who are better Miiiui.iiuiub.wuuiii. n ine- irum; me scone which the builders shall become thl ternal Influence N. C. Pennock. Affectionately qualified to interestand edify you on this head of the corner.rejected inscribed To My Husband. Woman's Plac-e- occasion than myself. . Nevertheless I am .When I was first notified that' I would, be Belle Taylor. .. . to here sneak God shall five nif iitfpr. as 4 to say1 a few words after these ance, trusting that I may have the Holy exjected ladies had spoken.' . I thought a similar J Spirit, that I may say nothing that is IX MEMORIAM. to one lias that been expressed, I- that is unwise, or that is not kind and thought 1 is true I said to my self,, what can'I say--. charitable. Emily Tnornton Charles, of the Woman's National Press Association, died April 25, 1S95. While the first lady vas speaking, and am better acquainted with this" congregation than my lady friends, and the people when she mentioned the name of an im One of the rare, sweet poets. mortal poet whose genius I much admire, generally are better acquainted witli.me.- Whose genius the pulses thrill, Still I "wonderetl what I should say after. W hose i n n life" w i t trbeau ly n fe 7 my mina recalled the words of another their tj had entranced you. There Uluniines the portals still. poet who was his friend, who survived him, were eloqueiice three ideas that came to my. mind, and and .who spoke these, words concerning One of the strong, brave poets, they were suggested by two passages of him. Vhose soul with its love aflanie" senpture, viz. With loyal youth, crowned regal truth Like an archangel, exiled for dark crimes, "And .God said let' us make man in our " In her country's deathless fame. His spirit w alked the earth in scorn and gloom, image, alter our likeness, ana let them have dominion.' And where it smote, it smote like the simoom, One of the loving poets, "So God created man in his own iniage, Deadly, though beautiful. Yet there were times Who the tender heart could reach when his great soul shoneout in the image of God- created he him,- male;' Through rhythmic thought, that solace and female created he them.'.' In all the primal glory of its light. brought The three thoughts suggested to me were His songs were then remembrances of heav en, Heyond the pow er of speech- ' these: Dashed w ith a scoffing spirit at that earth ; ' We yield our homage to thee, In which he seemed constrained to live. Firstly, that if God created man in His We garland thy memory o'er, own image, tnen it toiiows as a logical I am not only an ad mirer of the genius And loose thy hand, for angel band sequence that God is in the image of man. of I but with his friend on shore. Byron, To clasp the farther agree Rogers, that Deity, which created man that there were times when his soul lifted andSecondly, L. A. Crandkli.; W. N P. A. woman, male and female, , in its own itself above the clouds and mists C. 1). .Ejc. n iter Washington, iikeTicSTnuusI ot and re!nembered- - sorheof.Tthirs6ng which iniage necessity involve and comprehend the male he was expected to sing for the betteniient and female principles. MATERNAL INFLUENCE. and blessing of mankind. And' When I liiirdly, tnat 11 we be ttie children or these noble these contemplated women, IiY God; if it be true, as we have sung, and as I 6 MyC. PENNOCK. queens of thought, who have addressed us doubt not, that in the heavens parents, are not with 'So much eloquence and truth when 1 Tmk subtle forces idling Church and State single, but that wre have a Mother as well as of the a mother's from that has been a Father there, then it follows that we, as the thought opprobrium molding will; Spring miinjy them and their The" look, the touch, the burning words that heaped upon cause, their sons and daughters of God us- nnames .pand ied. about by e ve thrill ba Id "tlie embryotic germs of Deity, and are ryri Her crowing babe, its after years translate tongue, their purposes misunderstood i capable byvadvancement, by progression, of and themselves hated and despised perIn rufmg deeds of public good or ill. .becoming like our Father and our Mptherin who men are their Would you the future of the State direct? unable by inferiors, haps 2 heaven; that it Is jossible, in other wordsfor to understand the motives that animate their man to become God ruard well its nursety; watch the heart and and if this be true, it souls I thought of the sublime words of teaches that there fwas a time when that head -That bend, in care, above its trundle bed. , Byron: beingwhom wxiOwW"ofsIip that our mirror-like reflect Whose dimpled darlings eternal Father and Mother w ere once man wfho ascends to mountain tops shall find He AU images before their vision spread. The loftiest peaks most wrapt irf clouds and show and woman in mortality. O mother, mistress of the world's heartstrings! Mormon doctrines, These are He who surpasses or subdues mankind, rhy touch can wake 'the music of the spheres" and they ought, to be well known Christian Must look down on the hate of those belovv. Thy lessons drench thisearth in blood and tears doctrines, for they are sustained by the Though high above the sun of glory glow,: , clear as a bugle, rings y Thy d And far beneath the earth and ocean spread, Scriptures, which, v hen Down the long vista of succeeding years! , Round him are icy rocks, and loudly blow interpreted, .will be found to Rut could thy hand, so strong to point the way teach , by implication at least, these truths. Contending tempests on. his naked head. Directly strike the chords that voice the State; And thus reward the toils Which to those Seventy-fiv- e years ago, upon just such a summrts- Less discords,-thewould on our senses gratej -;; ;:,.,,.led. : ; bright spring morning as that which dawned More potent still would prove thy magic sway in glory upon this valley today, iiv the To aid the right, and banish vice and hate. is But there this cousolation,. which these back wood of western New York, a boyabout Ex. Aliunce, O. cnampious 01 equal ngnts may take to fourteen years of age, wrent out into the woods themselves, which rve" may all cherish and to pray. Fie was "reaching after God," he derive some comfort from, and that is, that was seeking for truth, not being content are women de ihkkk very prominent this is the treatment which has always been with what was taught by the teachers of sirous of coming to Utah o deliver lectures meted out to those who came to bless the the time. He had seen' that they differed ' " ' in the territory, world, to lift up mankind, to teach a new among themselves, and, therefore taking rks t , the-eloque- nt 1 f,-- . T 1 4 I . o" .JSSfjr - . uh-tru- ; , e' " 1 . " - . -- . - - , . - its-o- , wn 7 ' . : -- ;.r7L:.. Llear-Avitlii- 1 . well-know- n cradle-song- properly--understoo- n, . - . . ; " -- "" -. - 'r' ... I 