: - Mr0 &FA'N!tX H iMAW.IiXi'OXi-X- The women df this common wealth are by; out'their: naturalization' papers, but of 'uu T H. lirtLLS, ':'..' :.- - Editor. . - srini-nnjum- ct-s- . cut regtUr .vherttsers. . Hv ms 227 & 228 Constitution PuiW-rntFxionkm 'vl iin Street, opposite Z.C M. 1. Business hours from fhct 10 H.tn. Ad-lre- , to ;, ' pm. every day. except Sunday. 5 business communications to all s t , PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, EnttrtJ xl t.. , an . I i I 1 1 T I 1 1 ITV iH-'c- .1 n i-- the in Salt Lake City, Utah, a 'osj OJil "" ' matte' - , . c-- xi . - , . 15. 1895. r-- -- . St Lake City,. July , 1 1 Salt Lake City. Utah. tecvnd.clas . . -- l. Published in Salt Iakc . City, Utah. Terms: .one copy one yen, $4.00; one copy-simonths, No reduction m.uie t ir 'clubs "5 City papers delivered by n" extra lor' postage one vear. 25 cts. '.v Auvertisin fates: Each sqn ire,' ten" lines of nonpareil sp.ic. .one time 2 0, per month. $3 00. A' liberal tlis -- lias i t i uie case, .iinougn men nave ix:eu x4- rl They, have borne heroically their share ( aitci mitted to citizensliip right along, Th r,f the largest share too) of the hardships jand .sbQuld. be no delay in this matter, it it diieci' Wherever; men vital importance but'' set about burdens of colonizing. have gone to.opeu up new fields, and fo und ..and see to Jt, that ()U.hay3Tyj1uuii:.,,' new set iem en ts woxpeti J&SW; wun cnuareiH ineimune ineui, tlj. 'yyy nt1cer from'; sun and uCJit; "Orcold and storms of all kinds; from Savage Indians, from wild animals, from snakes OLD FOLKS ANNUAL ICXCURSION and reptiles, Hviug in tents and - wagons, with scarcity of food and clotliing'in many instances, performing all the labors ol the th inst.,:. the On Thursday the and rearing folks of Salt Lake City and county made household, bearing and nursing of. these women,, scores the children, and many to Pleasant Grove in Union Pacic trip the wool, taken have scores of them and cars kindly provided by the company for from the sheep, carded, spun and wove it, this happy occasion. It has become a and afterwards cut and made into wearing custom now, .that the "old folks" oY , had hands own pre-cloth their the apparel seventy should go somewhere every the knit for the family use, stockings pared an "outing" "and a good tim-of the member for mittens, etc., every This is their first rvisit to I'leasant Grove household. Who but. the mother knows, and it see.u,s to have been one of the most realizes or appreciates what Women have of all the pleasure trips the paity and un- pleasant suffered who have gone into has ever taken. The morning was lovely civilized country? afler-thrain of the previous evening and This is not only true of U ta and the the old people were a.tir early, and so were West, it is also true of our Pilgrim mothers the 'committee who are indefatigable in and of the early settlers of other lands. their labors to makceverything comfortable : The pfoneeF mothers, of Utah have not and enjoyable for these aged veterans, come to think of this excursion as a sat idly dowir with folded hands, but they have labored with hand and brain, and. settled thing, and to expect it and look lor: helped to make the land beait(jfu'iiJn. ward with a sort of eagerness for the day to all the" prosperityvv'hich has"or. will come, come, from the time their last trip was they should be partakers of the benefits and taken. To them it is indeed a festive and they always look so happy, results, and share in privileges. The sons of such mothers can well afford togrant their faces beaming with smiles. ' It is a beautiful thing to pay ;respect and equal suffrage to women, and in the near future when Utah receives her crown of honor to the aged, who haA'e borne the statehood, and women have equal part, burden and heat of the day and at eventide women will not be forgetful of the advan- are waiting the summons that comes to all tages it will bring, nor shirk the "responsi-- . sooner or later. To minister comfort, to bility of the duties which attend upon this add some little to the lonely lives of those r ; :who are bereft of friends, a"nd who need high privilege. There are many positions in the gift of heart sympathy, to greet them with smiles, the people suitable for women to occupy and kind words which sometimes mean so and which they could fill with honor and much to those whose lines have not been credit, and men need not be afraid there cast in pleasant places, is commendable and will be no room for them, because there are will certainly return to bless those who vast tracts of land still uncultivated to be bless This Old Folks Committee and Old Folks and while earth yields grain and fruits the Choir, have made quite a "hit." in .the part sower must go forth to sow, and the reaper they have acted year after year in honoring to reap, and women will be sure to come to the veterans. It is a worthy example to glean, following close upon their track, for set and one which might be followed by. the immutable law of Jehovah will ever re- others if not in the way,, in reachmain in force,- consequently there is no need ing forth a Helping hand to the veterans to fear, for men and women will work side who and made the lives of the by side better wh.eiiLall conditions are equal, and the generations to come will be better present generation richer, fuller, and more adapted to a higher civilization than those complete, because of their arduous labors that were barn under the old regime of. and heroic self sacrifice. man's political supremacy and woman's The cars containing the precious frieght subjection. of many human souls sped gaily out of the But as to the subject under consideration U. P. depot, at 8 o'clock a. m. There shall the women of Utah vote in November, were many red badges for those over it is devoutly to be wished.nhat the matter seventy, quite a number of blue ones for will soon be settled by proper authority so eighty, and a fewT white ones for ninety. that there may be safety, and the new state '.Crowds of people: were at the to see depot out ciiuiiugereu oy any one attempting the train pull out, and once fairly stai what is not legal. And as to the Bro. Wm. Foster with the Choir merrily regfact the ulating voters, pi naturalization is sang "All Aboard," to the great delight of an important one and should not bethe veterans; afterwards several selections foreign-borby women.. It must.be yere given,-th- e. choir as is their usual' way .remembered that women are to vote in the from one car to another. new state upon the same platform as men, going The train reached its designation at 10:25 consequently every woman who registers and the party were most heartily welcomed and votes must be a native born or liaturab the Pleasant Grove people, a bras Jzedci ti zen of t he United States. ' Fornrerly by band in attendance, the Sunday" School when the franchise .was exercised by the children in line, the .whole making an atwomen of this territory many women took tractive picture. The grove which is a fine . 1 ktfm.f.h NtvKfT; re--ai- lar : . swim-mer-.f- SHALL VOTK IN NOVEMBER? WOMEN- - . , The question of' whether women can legally register and vote, at" the coming election in November is still unsettled and from information of a reliable character we glean that the Utah Commission are unwilling or not sufficiently confident to decide it. It seems incredible - that such an important matter should be left to registrars to decide, and it involvestoo-muc- h interest t to in the new state aside without iri- be-se- Lawyers and judges have vestigation. had the matter under- advisement, but no positive solution of the question has been reached. The Utah Commission are busy for the several counties, and we notice that at a meeting held by 4he Commission on Friday June 12th, Commis-- s sioner Tatlock introduce:, a resolution on this subject, proposing to submit the question to the Attorney General, which certainly does seem the safest thing to. do under the circumstances. The resolution is' as follows: . - appoint-ing-registra- -- rt rs Uiulr-- r and by virtue- of the F foregoing provi ion -- f ihe enabling art, and the proposed - Cui:.mu:ioa-ai- ze hso vumun-wttar&-c- m e t r-- r 1 1 N veinb-- A 1) 1895? ieC to Af the Nov m ier election to T Tir. be held iiii5v5 as an av sta'e.t, can wome posses.sinp nr q 11 t mis set tn. qustuur No. r ' V e f r h e a e uffi s p r. v i d d for. in t te pnipi) eii c nntii i n? "C 1 ; irn-a'- 1 V. 1 1 t -- ' - The resolution was laid bver until an- other "meeting. Y It seems too bad to lay the matter over; . there certainly ought to be some positive authority for, or against the proposition. To vote or not to vpte seems to be the vital question for women at the present time.' The suffrage has been conferred upon the women of the territory by the delegates duly elected to the Constitutional Conven-tiowhile assembled, and it does seem as though the right of suffrage ought to 1 be exercised by', them in having a voice and a vote as to the officers who shall govern and control affairs in the new state.' It will make a very great difference "in many re. spects if women are to be excluded 'from this hrst election. -- n -- ; e -- who-have oc-casio- n, all-th- e " . j - madefertileiid-rjaiitifuTToTTIaljitation- United St'it'.s, over the age' of twent-on- e year-- . and win have si vj in the for one year Bex.1 prior to November 5, 1895; entitled to re-- i' atio"? . Sec md Can wmen TMssesing the qiialifica-l- i ns set U lh in tue foregoing be legally en ti d t, v ;e up n th- - q - stum .f the' ad ption 'i i"e prop eu constitution at the uj 1 " or s'. . self-sam- e - havjynmjitt many-blessings- , ; - . ' -- . las - neg-lecte- d n ' 