aver uiss S. t ' led U 'its . -- tit-' I'nnvCwtMliiv to their : 1 1; k M isiJtv--A- U -- !eu3rjsvf ard Cart she WAS a uilh(uI number of the of the Second Ward arid amonr .the i:f first to propose a Sunday School in the same IS56 m the W -- ward- where appropriate sentiments, the thought naturally suggests itself "Of such is the kingdom of Heaven" and during the w orked faithfully among the ,yhcn . she wa called home to her Native country by her parents. both of Whom she busied while, there, and then' finding the.spirit of - mu.ic". " iTeM d,ring of a improve pramme L ; tears were frequently: seen 111 the eyes of - weak Wzy she. taught' music and needle workjo leen so care- - many young-- women; always feeling' It a duty to 4 ki rents whose children .'had : - impart of knowledge the Lord had given her to tlluse vvnom he met ever. conscious if she was ': ' reu.arded in this lire God would reward her ac-cordinX to her deeds of love and kindness And when we go beyond this life, may"' We be as 'worthy as she,, is the desire of one who has knowh her well and always respected her greatly and j0Ved her dearly even in her old age. , ; j j : -- . -- . . everejxIly 1 1 1 . y . ' ---- :- : J'o -- ; S Ot Ktl t(-T- . f " tr.t - J Gibbons whose death ocurred Ripah here ,March 17th, 1895, at St. John's Arizona, bom Marcli 13, iSf), in Perrvsbury Co., State of New? Voxk. She was the daughter of Martha McBride and Rishop Vinson Knight. Her parents. united with the church soon after its organization and in . ; r83t moved to Kirtlanxl. The deceased Was present at the dedication of the Kiftland Temple.SMarch 27th, 1836. They afterwards nioved to .Missouri from whence they were expelled with the Saints in 1839 locating at Nauvoo 111. Here she formed the acquaintance of Andrew S. Gibbons to whom she was afterward married They were permitted to enter the Temple, at Nauvoo and receive their blessings. In 1S46 they were again driven from their homes going westward, .she -- remaining with, the Saints that were scattered along the way between Nauvoo and Winter Quarters, while her husband w ent on with President Young's Pioneer company,-H- e returned for her in the fall of 1847 and socn as they cuuld raise means started for Salt Lake Valley where they arrived in 1852 and located at Houmiful. Two years later he was called to the southern mission and located in Iron Co. Four years after her husband (with others) was called to labor as an Indian missionary. They were called to Arizonaand of her life was spent on the Feb. tSSoT-M-cst frontier, consequently she suffered much privation and endured many hardships, but remained faithful as did also her husband who preceded her to the other world nine years ago.and by whose side T she is now laid, She was the mother of fifteen 'children, eight of whom died in their infancy. -- When she was still quite a young woman she was called upon to wait upon the sick, and was afterwards set , , ' appreciation of her I herefore be Jt resorveu, that the wisdohi ud ability which she h.as exercised in tht"aVd"oVv win oe iieiu - graienu remeniuraiicet- Resolved that thcsudden removal of such Reseated Stv-iet- v . fully trained by the missionary sisters, cspcuall) was this the case whife listening to songs composed for the occasion' expressive of their love and appreciation of the ' labors of the President. . . ." : I he following JS a synopsis of the pro- irramme. uixnmg nymu lieaunmi uay traiislate(l in the native language,". Prayer by Iva Kekuktt a child of eight years. Singing, "Did yoinhink to pray" in the native language: as the roll was called each little liser responded with. Biblical sentiment. Twelve items of impoliteness pre-- , pared ni native to suit the wants of the children were recited in concert.' Opening address by Victoria Xainoa, Primary Address by Sam Kii, Song Iya and Hattie Kekuku. Addresses were given by boys of about twelve years old 011 Sacrament of the Lord V supper." "Life of Christ," "Children of .Israel"" oic. Dialogues prepared in native or Gospel subjects were a , special interesting feature to the parents. Recitation by Tillie Brown' "Guilty or not guilty," was creditably rendered. Song, "God speed the right" led by a little boy, the children beating time With their, small flags. Dialogue in native language by Vera and Nonnie Noall entitled "Zion-o- r the Mand of our birth " Closing address by Wallace Brown in. native language. Manv other songs recitations, essays, render td by speech 'lhecbildrcii but the original songs rendered with feelings ofiove.was not a small feature of the days, exercises The six months report was read, showing Associations 2, OfficeTS 16, members i62,boys 72, girls 90, increase 20, meetings held.42, (essays; SentinieiTts learned; 39, recitations 62, reading .33,: testimonies 66, Bililev verses e3tioTTsncT Answers 8 --learned t4r Songs 51 , Essays 16, Dialogues 34, Storh , Correspondance 40, Manttscript Papers On Financial. hand at date of 4, music t, last reKrt $6.70 Receipts for six months $13.20. Disbursed 51J.75. On hand $8.15. .General and local officers were sustained for the next term, Words of encourageto were ment the children and coungiven sel to the parents inN the rearing of their little ones, impressing, upon their minds the importance of the labor of the Primarv Association, and the necessttyN of parents sending their children to these, meetings that they may learn in youth that which in later years will not depart from them; thus fitting iheliFTor the labors that will : be. required of them in the near future. Meeting was adjourned for six ;nonths by singing (ih native) -f ... , J)ayL K5.0LV11ON -- a tepartcd-4hafXorth-'lumntQ- ii WUvborn ITft'Thr Sth' of Ocfobrf iSj:' November of iSii. "Kncland the lKh Was baptized into the Church oi' Si s ;JV KtniKraxd to Uuh i.j children. age, according :their bright eves sparkling with delight, the little girls dressed in white. . and' all with K umm.Se.luH iii his inhaite wrsdom removed funjv ,uiung us one of our worthv am! esietmed Sw aid Cu laborers Mary. Nlorris Kol.inson, and' ' Whereas the- - Jong and continual relation held with her in the faithful discharge of her 'duties, makes it emintntly beit ling that we record our -- - ..:.'..-.- V U tu itrav the gieat am! Supreme'.Ruler f- tajr chit's to Utah," 1 . in mkmokiam:j sea oreee. T::e ymraiums- - wtit'a v nrricvi to the Motinl'ai n vales tbeipproptiatuitruhki: re- ' ilOUl n-r- s 1 - gill v k. u. n: ihc iniviiuu ijouss uud. formed in irh.t!l n;cr. eacn iv.iru:-z--sm.iu Ameri-- ' ca m gentle iters 1 1 iliM'h'-,' .Uu:d.l mblt'd ilci'sd- b.v 111 a lite from our midst wi l leavv a vacancy and a shadow that will be deeply realized by all the members and will prove a severe loss to the Society; and uith deep ,sinpathy with the be- reaved relations of tljc deceased we express our hopes that even so great a loss to us all, may be' . well. placed iii our record book and a copy sent to be printed in the Woman's , Hxi"onent and also cpy be forwarded to the bereaved family. "At the resurrection morning We shall all appear as one Ohl What robes adorning, Will the righteous1 then put on." of-brigh- a . t Llizahf.th Worltok, Prest, Mm V. ma Clark; Tribute of A Sec. , R'KSrECT.-'"- - Wi: the Young, Ladies" of the Wtst Coalville Ward offer this as a token of bur esfem and appreciation of the" labors. of our dear President, Sister Eliza L, Rhead, who departed this life May 26, ' 1895.. : , . . . Her willingness to compIvwith the commands of God, has taught jis many useful lessons, and we sincerely trust that by following her counsel-anexample, we will be prepared to meet her in the mansions above,' where we can again listen, to her loving counsel, for w e'hope that the labors she commenced on earth will be continued in ? heaven. x . - As the labors of her life pass through our niin Is, we can but think Heloved President thou too ' ' has bJen , ' . "Tried - the furnace of this troubled life. Faithful as daughter, mother, woman, wife; Covered with celestial glory, thou shalt shine 'Mid souls immortal, endless and. divine. in ' Committee. Excursion-Rate- s July4th -- Via the UNION PACIFIC; . July 3rd and 4th the Union Pacific will llairsion-ticketony-pcniUxwithi- Hle jn July 5th. 1Tb Tnr. ce - R. E. Berry, Sec. n 300 miles at one fare, good returningNintil that way during about lorty years. She with her husband had the privilege of en tering into holy places and receiving very great splessings, and also doing a good work for their .dead. She also attended the dedication of the SaltT-ak- e Temple. She was followed to her last resting-plaby many loving relatives and friends. " ITlTTNTi rr a R. S. Mary morrisnKobinson beloved wife of A Robinson, departeolthis life Feb. 14th. i8q; at North Morgan. ; Deceased was the daughter of Isaac C. Morris and Elizabeth Williams Morns, born Oct. 25th, 1S55, in SalKLake City, and was the mother of ten children; tw'phaving preceded her to the spirit world, a daughter of fourteen years of age, and an infant daughterhi 1S91. Sister Robinson at her death left little'twin babes about two hours old, to be reared without Xthe tender care of a mother. She was a loving wife; a devoted mother, a true friend and a consistent Latterday Saint, the Relief Society, aud the associations of the ward have lost a faithful co laborer in the death of Sister Robinson 26,28,30and32 East 1st SoutbSt., SALT LAKE CITY. " The . - -- Though we feel her absence deeply, and miss her loving counsel, we do not feel to mourn, for we know that our loss is her gain. . aparLJbx-JjiajLjahojLaj- - C Leading Retail 'ash I-J- ousi REvTHOMA . d 