'Freedom; We have .thousands of iti Utah who are property holders and payers in their own right. Probably left Mrs. Zma D. I I . 'oun gT wa&tu-rother statefuruisbes as large a7roll of tax- - willingness to do. so. But we come to greet $ trfW. and mad H'few ?reS vited 'Taxation without repfe you - iu behalf of the. women of Utah, to 17 paying women. a nd Mrs : Jane S : was the key- - strengthen your. hand" and to assure yoir man's place-i- ,'tlic' wrld sentation is tyranny, Richards of Ogdeu feing urged Jo H?eak importance hbte,the bugteealL of therevdlutionary that we, are keenly alive to your: labor: jrcamforwaraith fathin- their struggle for liberty. Says- j and far reaching con this closed -- the- hearmg- before- - theJames "Otis, in 1764 , in 'one of the pamph- y in our behaljV 'that 4 made-- otiHndependence;, ' "The 1 'And 'above all we' would impress "you mittee. ii very- - act of taxing, exercised over those with the fact that the women of Utah, are who are not represented, appears to me to BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY by no means indifferent spectators of the .be depriving them of one of their most esdrama that i& now being enacted. AVe sential rights.r For ..what one civil right is ;r;-: ' ve that every age has its rising and its JidUor WomaiCsrExponcjit r worth a rush after a man's property is, setting sun. . We believe that ths woman 25thr 195, Counselor takerl him from at be. to subject pleasure, movement has come because the sun of our without his consent" If a man is not his 'civilization has thrown across our 'social JaueBfckley invited President R . W, Tyler to accompany her for a drive which she did. own assessor, in person or by deputy, his horizon the more and a of new dawning Hall. liberty is gone. ' ' Hon. Charles Sumner,, glorious era in the history of man. We At 2 p. m. they entered the Society i r where-- : to her in his speech on Marclij 1866, jeiRtoises: "believe great surprise t he fam ly of the aneiernal that ages ''through Sister-Tyl" these declarations of James Otis and he and a large number of the mem. thefull'enfran--in and that runs,1' purpose says "Stronger words tor universal suffrage chisement of women there will come a bers of the Relief Society with their husi' her arrival, thexevent could not be employed. ' ' His argument national con- - bands were awaiting and truer sovereignty larger j tKeSeyent)'-fiftis that if men are taxed without being rep-- . scientiousneSs Anniversary of. her in fuller harmony with the being After the house was .called to order birth; resented, they are deprived of essential of man. and welfare .happiness temporal r Counselor M. A. White made a few ap-"- i rights. We believe that both -- nien and women will j. These axioiujjajre propriate remarks telling the object of the economand be benefitted morally .socially esteem the which was to show an d 1 wou lie! be i n violation of the fundaWe believe that now the tiraedipck j meeting entertained towardsjhe ically. their worthy mental principles of our institutions Jbr the of has struck the hour to American, destiny men of Utah to frame laws whereby woPresident. The meeting then opened with a larger and truer civil life, and inaugurate after which ail excellent men property holders shall be taxed withof Utah history will singing and prayer, writers future the that out Vheir consent given through such of speeches, songs; immortalize the names ot those men who, programme consisting Lrecitations eterwas carried"outr President representation as is accoraea to men as a Constitutional-C- on veil tion , defying for this mark conditiorrprecedentlo IheiFbeing taxed. and prejudice " of the past, Tyler thanked those present the injustice of their esteem and gave a brief synopsis of Again, air our constitutions, eitb .r in off the bonds that, have heretofore terms or in substance, commence their strike life. Jsince joining the Church of Jesus' and open the doors that . her, -- X .enihralled V woman; 7 t preamble with that comprehensive formula, :" We, the people.'.' Our - govern tnent is wilLusher:iieonto.free.aVdiuli:emaWcipa she' first identified herself with the. Relief tion 'of the people, for the people and by the Society in Nauvoo, Hancock Co. 111. in in We ask to therefore the you provide people." Whatever the status of women-maConstitution that the rights of citizens of be, they are at least a .part of the While the whicttrhad been prooffice to of and hold the vote State Utah .'As .such the government provides vided by those present was being prepared people. shall not be denied or abridged on account "for a place for tuem, and by no form or prin passings Sister Tyler went around shakfemale male and of and citizens that sex, of can be ciple reasoning they deprived of ing hands with all the large assembly who such rights and privileges as inure to men of the State shll equally enjoy all civil, had met to honor her. After all had. parunder government, without at the same time political and religious rights and privileges. " taken to their satisfaction of the bounteous The memorial was signed by the follow- - j - destroying the natural rights which men the afternoon's proceeding's closed repast j ladies: B. Kmmeline hold for themselves to be inviolate. . ing Wells, president as they had opened, with singing and ' of the Woman's Suffrage Association of Furthermore, by the Declaration of In-- : V ; prayer.. r Utah; Emily S. Richards, vice president; dependence, the existence of government read and pre- Prof. Before closing Bickley D. Zina H. of the " Young, president hinges upon "the consent of the governed. sejvtedjheiblhkxin gltaisteryler-National is This to consent .be., given through the: , Alio: M. T. Tankk. vice B. Ellen and forms Richards, , Fergupresident; provisions whereby governments are made and administered. This son, Salt Lake County Suffrage. Association; j acrostic. ' Utah County consent goes to the framing of the constitu- - Electa Bullock, Lucy Written on ifij SeventyJijth Anniversary of Ike tion, to the enactment of laws under that A. Clark Davis and Jennie - Nelson, Weber birth of Knth W. Tyler.) constitution and" to the administraticri of County; t Celia E. Bean, Sevier County Round another year has rolled, those iaws; and there can. be no consent Alvira L. Cox, Sanpete Co., M. A. Grover, r ' Unto us its tale has told, j without representation. . Juab County: and many others. Hence the disr TearsT and laughtp jny? franchisement of half the neonle nnH Have been number'd in its train . 4arge-proptloii or taxpayers anoTcreators a was given to the ladies' who had hearing of wealth is tyranny pure dud simple, even been. invited to While its changes we recall, before the Committee. speak Each leal heart has thanks for all, though it be under the shadow and in the who had the memorial in charge. Hon. J. name of liberty and free" government. Leaning on our God, and Friend, F. Chidester Chairman of the Committee, But we seek' not to weary you with the Mrs. Sarah M . Kimball introduced the Tis His love all blessings send. ' recital of axioms. What we desire is that Once again we honors pay, speakers with a few preliminary remarks. we may uphold your hands in No regrets, this happy day. revealing: Mrs. F. S. Richards read a carefully prethem, to the World and making them effecpared and logical paper, Mrs. Carlton now To our friend we wish much jov tive in human" government. Jefferson laid of of Utah told in a formerly Wyoming Year by year, as they go by, a deep foundation for human freedom in very interesting "manner of "the practical Long may pleasure wreathe herbrow planting equal rights at the roots of the tree work of the franchise in that state, Dr. M ?! Every.happiness bejow, of liberty; but it was given to Lincoln to Cannon read an able paper, every Hughes Rest at last in Heaven. make those priuriiplesjnost effective, and to word of which was the subject being telling, :. Respectfully, Your Brother, cause them to snine as the noonday sun in whether women would be more susceptible the firmament of American history. W; .G. Bickley. to onestcrait Mrs men. nno. than . r yjauua j t. " Beaver City Utah. Feb, 25th, 1895. He said: 4il believe the day is .not farKMelton ennlrp distant when women will wield the ballot remarks in a verv way. Mrs A w uiiij aiiu. cuuuuiq UUIUUCS. 1 eo IOr b. Fardee follQwedoriginal ' The California with some bright Senate, on March 1 4', all sharing in the government who assist in In thoughts and read voted in favor of a constitutional amend-- ; expressive beanng its burdens, by no means excluding a few paragraphs from thelanguage Arena for Febru-ar- r ment extending full suffrage to women. the females." clinching, her arguments in good The amendment had already been adopted To you, gentlemenof the Utah ConstituDr. R. B, Pratt read a paper "giving by the Assembly. Three cheers for tional Convention, it is given to make other style. her view and embellishing: beautifully the . ; , , y-lhx- s j 1 j sequ5f . - : - ; : ' . f. . ' ; . r -- t . , I ;. '. -- be--li- e . ; 1 -- ; 7 er h .' j - -- 1 , . ! ! 4his - - - I . 4 " y pic-ni- c, - -- . ? . - ; -- -- AVomaii's-ReliefSocietyr'Jane- ST " " - 1 -- : 1 i . . and-pai- - ui . . . " " . - prxr-fnrKK;ii,,- ct:r ! 1 Call-fornia."- . T 