 : v - .i v. 7 WOMAN'S : fnil meaning intended by the Enabling Act This conclusion necessitates the issuance ''., .'and tin acts qf that convention that framed of a writ of mandate and the the law which will be- the law by which the orderperemptory will be that a .peremptory writ 'Issue the -- Territory w'iil-"governed, ifi the opinion of the, courts tiff a anefeciG r The whole matter hinges' principally ci net 'or g ' . city upon sections 24 and 19 'of the' Enabling Act and upon the second section of the j declaration of rights.; The first and second A TRIBUTE TO THE LATE SIS.TKR, sections of articles 4 , of the Constitution, J and the PRESINDA'L. KIMBALL. nth; 12th and 14th sections of the schedule embraced in the Constitution. " The court then, quotes these sections and . IIavinT' been invited to attend a ))irtli-dathethat contention of the pJaintiff is saj-party to be given in honor bf.the late that it was the duty of the Constitutional ' Presinda L.. Kimball thiee years, prior to Convention to designate who shall be the herdeath-annot being able to attend I -electors generally and that they must per- - sent 7he following lines,- which I have. mil that class of persons named in the been requested ..to offer ttv the second section of the Enabling Act to vote lately ExroNKNT for publication. upon the Constitution, and further that the . Constitutional Convention performed that I) K A K AUNT KKSINOA. and created the electorate of the duty proWith feelings of ref pect and love posed state, and that she falls within the. And prayers for blessings from above class of persons upon whom the franchise Your name I now indite. has been conferred. In brief, that she and Beloved aod honored for your wrth all othe'rs.upon whom the proposed Cousti-- ! The day that ushered in your birth tution confers the franchise as well all those 4 Was fraught with peace and joy. persons upon whom it is conferred by the act of Congress, are entitled to vote upon Such woes have mortals here toliear, ' its adoption or rejection. One who can soothe atyJ ease thir care, And lift their thoughts above; The claim of the jdefendent is that. Con- - f To Him who ever will be nigh ... . ... gress by the Enabling Act has creafed'the the electorate that is to pass upon the' adoption '4 To hear humble, reverent cry rn Of those of the Constitution, and that j anguish bowed; the Constitutional Convention has, provided, j The days that give, such ones to earth, that the same electorate shall select the first j Angels will surely note their birth As blessings to their race. state officers vested in any individual or set of individuals, but of voting is low oft you visit beds of pain . conventional is and purely given or with-hel- d ' like words And . of rain pleading drops at the will of the legislative: power, It may be enlarged or restricted, granted or - Upon the thirsty earth. Call down from heaven like healing balm, withheld, and no one may complain, if done f "And turn the suffer's thoughts to Him, ' in a uniform manner, Congress has never With faith to make them whole. attempted to say what person or persons shall constitute. the electorate of any state The peace and joy you thus impart, . . I t .." out tne opposite is amrmea by.tiiat constiFinds answering echo in your heart, tutional amendment which declares that the And makes you doubly blessed. e Power delegated to us by the' Truly a noble mission thine i stitutibn, norprohibited by it, are reserved incline JTaxhtrf4ocomfort-an- d ' ;"'"':-- ' :" KM.I!N H. (A fKS. , - Such beautiful, beautiful bawls! They're neither. white uor .smAll, Know, would carcily think y-That th?y were lair at ali. 1 vclooked on hands whose form and hu A sculptOrs dream might be; " Vet those aged w rinkled hands Are most beautiful to me. V Such beautiful, beautiful hands'' Though heart were weary and sad, These patient hands kept toiling on, That might be glad. I as looking back almostweep, v To childhood's distant day, think how these hands rested not, When mine were at their play.' Such beautiful, beautiful hands! .' They're growing feeble now, For time and pain have left their mark On hand and lieart and brow. ' Alas! alas! the. nearingtime And the sad, sad day to me, --v When 'neath the daisies, out of sight, These hands will folded be. the-childr- 1 H U - ::-- ;r ; ! " ; I I y s - j en . J . d - I j ; i ! - j . -- j j ! " ' j ' j j I ; j I bear! I 'Where crystal streams, through endless years, Flow over golden sands, And where the old are young- again, I'll clasp my mother's hands! - ' j iiut, oh! beyond this'shadoivland, Where all is bright and fair, know full well these dear old hands Will palms of victory EXPONENT I .. or-reject- " ion; " : - - ' ! THlf OPINION OF THE COURT . the-rig- ht, -- j 1 Vcpuiv Registrars must .place the names j State Registration List. Ogdkn, Aug. 10. When the court convened this afternoon-thDistrict court room crowded' with attorneys and prominent citizens eager to hear the decision of Judge H. V. Smith on the. test case brought to determine the right of women to" vote for or of on the : j e j . as ; 4 T 1 " 1 .- - i -- against the proposed" Constitution and for election of State officers at the' same " time. The decision was the principal OpiV4t0-te- s rcM no .The general guess seemed i"cre is auempt 111 uie constitution to Iimit the Power df any .community or ex-- , to be that the court would decide that wb- tend the franchise to any class of persons men could vote tor the first State officers In hut not on the Constitution. 4 j that they may see fit to lavor with it. in-In beginning his decision Judge Smith this light it is doubtful if Congress ever j stated the case succinctly, and that the facts tended by the r Enabling Act" to provide an electorate for selecting the first officers of alleged in the affidavit for the writ of manyem Id br-- j date were admitted. Hence the only. the State, and I do not thinV made within the power ot Congress. 0115lio4io-4e-termIn the opinion of the . court section 4 of propostion, whether women were entitled at the coming election to vote for or Enabling Act ratified by the Constituagainst ihe the Constitution and for State officers then tional Convention and made a part of the to be elected, and whether under the law, Constitution, provided a class of voters to women are qualified voters entitled to use vote on the Constitution and. this class are the ones entitled to this vote. The voters, the electoral privilege upon the questions. of the It caniiot be said that proposed State "the people" are any partisan questions those upon whom the political responsibilienter into this discussion or decision, beties and the duties are devolved and under cause no one has any knowledge of how the this new Constitution men and women decision of the question will affect . the rehave these responsibilities and duties; hence sult of the coming election. It is a questhe Constitution should be voted for or tion of construction only and tlie rules of construction of legislative enactments are4o against by these persons upon whom that the duties' and responsi-bilitie- s he closely followed so as to arrive at the full" instrument places : of electors. and intended If I am right as to the test by which we congressional enactments have been i wiio ':" are" "the"" qualified made upon this point. No woman in the a re to determ ne votersi of the" proposed State of Utah, then Territory, I apprehend, wishes to vote unthe plaintiff is en-- . less she has the undoubted and explicit it seems clear to methat :n&ht to do so, and this action is for the pur-- ' I titled to vote both upoiu the adoption or re pose of determining her Hence it jection of the Constitution, and certainly for rights. ls f tbe to determine the election of State officers of the pro greatest importance this question State of Utah. correctly in accordance with the posed C011-th- ! The hearts to righteousness. . What wonder we should dread to know, ! Ere long you will be called to go, To reap a just reward. ! ! A glorious crown you've surely won, j And when your work on earth is done, And you are called away, -Ghpnay weTTTeck the selfish tear, Nor longer wish to keep you here, From those who've gone before; Who've gladly marked your course below, And wait with lips and hearts aglow. To greet you in that home. j j m . Laura C. Pack. -- -- - : Mrs. S., L". Prindmc, better known as. "Mother Prindle," who has for some years been the matron of the Florence mission has gone to England by invitation of Lady Henry Somerset to start a rescue home in . London, ' meaningjof-what-legislatioit-a- nd -- t : The Wilmington, Del., W. C. T,U. has " received the gift oft a' lot worth $8,000 upon which to erect an Industrial School for girls. "One of the Springfield census' enumera- tors is a woman. She atone of the whole force employed finished her duty within the specified time. In any kind of reckoning nowadays' woman counts.5' : . , . .7 