I - a. , EX I'ON KHt WOMAN'S i MASSING" T HO H HITS. coininc? liere. Whrn' I .go hick to the Wrtt IVbetiMclr, whkli wc.iv ;r -people ft om abro id,- - S j i k t o f t h e re ce 1 to wind up my affair arid com-- back, jv.h'ich ,. 'ana visit ol the celebrated women, who na of the foliage is ness ana fresh over, the, ..r'rVicrc-'t-v"; spoken in the Tabsrijadf. jlUijUMykjl-beautiful to behold. The, glorious month saloon were' Elder Ezfa T. Clark reviewed his pist of roses is upon us. The air is full of fra-- I must hive been to the p ple. from a disN with the love life for the fifty years, and spoke .of his suc grance and music. tance.' ' notes of the birch and the fair opening of d Lizzie A soiiir B'o'wn, with cess in his famUv, and referred to his by who had come long distances to be with the flowers aretlje parting songs of the Leonard, piauo accompaniment by Clara ' Recitation htm on' this occasion; his gratitude to them, school, children. TheXlast few days" have- -' 'J fifty years ago to night. I and his love for this people with whom he ' command the little hearts leap with joy. .at ..." original.) was' associated; said many good things that trie thought of a respite from stupid text-- t LUCY. A. CLARK. books and the enjoyment of a long vacation. were appreciated by all present. have In A'Green and shady bower, Sister-MarS. Clark spoke of her joy and And yet, does not evefy little"-chiltwin the Wnere the cteepinj; ivy's some regret? After all; with bright an- her happiness1 under all circumstances,' beFlowers and mossy velvet carpet . cause of the Gospel; of coming Jiere among ticipation&and the happy relief, there is the Is a picture grand, sublime. the sagebrush, living in a logcabin.but the sorrow of parting, witir a laithtuL patient Lord had blest them in their family; thev .j teacher and loving little friends, parting, 'Neath the bower a form is seated, were all in the Church; all faithful and all perhaps, to meet no more, for who can . tell and just Manly, temperate; she rejoiced to see so many what changes vthe sutrftner days may bring? And beside a lovely maiden '; friends come from afar to do them- honor, Some may leave for other climes.and some, Greets his smile with fervent trust; and those who had coine from the city, and perhaps the great reaper may gather to his on are future. the fold. Alas! With all the sweet, the bitter gazing They their neighbors; Welcomed all. Lovin heart they bth enfold, Sister Rhoda Cooper, .85 years old, sajig sure is found. Yet who does not enjoy Plighted vows they cast together the hymn,- "Who is this fair, one . from the those last.warm, pleasant days, with the In affection's sacred, mold. " ' preparations for a final day, when parents wilderness traveling?" Sister Rhoda Douglas spoke much upon and friends, and that august body the Close beside a bark is anchored, trustees cotue to see 1.1s .in .holiday attire faith and the powers Of healing, related In a pure and sparkling stream, In they step and from its mooring instances, and exhorted the young and hear us sing and recite. It is now the time, when the sweet-- girl Float away on life's young dream. people to serve the Lord. A poem comgraduate p!ans some lovely gown, where posed for the occasion by I)r. KUis R. Shipp, On they floit and every shadow was read by Sister K. B. Wells. A duet among the soft, graceful folds. the roses and That apears upon the scene, was rendered by two of Uie young, people carnations play hide and seek. Lovelier Vanishes before affection's from California. The program was under than the flo'wers are the blushes of her face, and Bright glittering holy gleam. the direction of Edwin B. Clark, son of as she receives the gifts and congratulations 1'ears pass by and still they're floating, Brother and Sister Clark, and was very well of her admiring friends. It is the time And the vows they made in youth, carried out, there were about three hundred when the brave youth recites his valedicHave grown purer, dearer, stronger tory, his countenance aglow with the sun.. , people present. While they've labored for the truth., relatives from a shine of life and hope, audaswe-.gazehe:-heaThere were twenty-onrecalls the poet's words: distance besides some from Jdaho. and difSuch devotion makes them happy, ferent .parts of Utah: .The presents were "How heautiful h youth, When they reach the golden shore, How bright it gleams laurel quite valuable., a large picture of the First Where bedecked with With its illusions, aspirations, dream! Presidency of the Church, handsome gilt '. . They will dwell for ever. more. in Book of beginnings, stories without erd, Farmington, fiame, was given by friends President Hess spoke briefly of his mis- the home of BrotheJ and Sister Clark; a Fach maid a heroine sions and other experiences; his being handsome white French clock with gilt And each man a friend." called to go in.the Mormon Battalion; spoke ornaments from their children. From V. School teachers Speaking of graduates of the privations and hardships encountered, O. Clark and wife, a gold ring andspectacles back a (piestion much conuetl. Why , by the brethren who went in that company. for SisteX Clark and gold headed cane. for. brings iti tliese hard times, and while there is so Win O. Glark: & f California, made a sort BrtHrrexhrrkTRhoda CooperSauta Rosa;-golindustry," does beit buckle Sister Clark and gold much talk about "home Utah need to send East for teachers? Are -Joseph and Hyrum in Clay County,- Mis- headed cane Brother Clark; handsome to the Utah, the Eastern teachers souri, when he came olTa mission, and the' fruit dish Lewis Cooper and family teachers? I think superior not, and yet throughout people were leaving. Missouri and going California, Geo. W. Clark and his Sister our public schools, to every Utah teacher, over into Iowa, pell mell. He told Joseph Cora Gilbraith two silver cups gold lined then of Isaac and Ab-- 1 G illaud. Oae of Jewelcase Dr. and Mrs. Ezra Clark Rich . there are three or four, or more, imported teachers. Again, where does the import ed 1.1 1. - o t? n,-rrC :i them owned 160 acres of land across the , Mississippi, in C )tnmerce, which tlii people Wi C0KaltetoklTm3lerewT5lirsi Does he spend tnem in A.V utaiij or taxes.) rtrmVAXW" Rosa. Santa A. G. Mrs. case silk Tupper I vast for must go there and jest. ' ' The people went Mrs. H. 0. Clark, San Francisco, gold tea does he, so far as possible, send everything he can? When vacation comes and built up Nauvoo; referred to the time spoon engraved in bowl with Cliff House, take-hi- s rest at the Utah resorts, when th- - ApaitleJ3a.vUItte;vwas shot-an- d the handle California emblem the bear, does he among her mountains and her lakes, or his father imprisoned in Riy County, shovel and pan of gold. San Francisco innot rather hie him to his Eastern'-Missouri. There were no charges against scribed on scroll Nellie and Holly Clark-- , does he home-t- o visit friends; and tell in glowijig him; his innocence was proven. Since souvenir spoons solid gold in filagree, work colors his experiences among the "uncultithose days he had traveled in Ku ropey Asia. engraved with the golden gate San Francisvated westerners," especially the "dreadful Africa, ?Kast India and Japan. He had co, Miss Netta and Miss Nellie Richardson Father Smith California, desert spoon gold, handsomely Mormons?". To be sure, it is only the exbeen among the Buddhists. some teacher has returned had placed his hands upon his head and engraved; there were also other presents of ception where home and published remarks; very uncomsaid, "You shall Have the privilege of going less value. The wedding - cake which was plimentary, and in some cases, most absurd, among the crowned heads of the world;" he very elaborately decorated, was cut and about the Mormon school children. Arhad been in two railroad smash ups and left friends were permitted to take pieces home. ticles extremely unkind, because they were for dead; had the plague in Egypt, Cairo, Doxology was suug and the benediction such articles have but and had not expected to live, but hejoqked pronounceu dv Disnop oecnst auu uic cu- - most untrue; is that, for we have read been published - true, in his Bible, and found courage; knew he .,ro,uB sepaidLcu, ding guesis and whiIe- Utah ,has a University, . . , , would recover; there were three hundred had been an enjoyable one and long to be them; y foreigners there in despair, but he. recov- remembered. school with thorough teachers,x and every ered. On the sea he was at one time five summernas many gratiuaies, neeave sena days and nights in darkness and storms;, Men ind IVonien z. new paper has away for teachers for the district Schools? the voice said to him, You shall see home; been started in Utah, which promises fair Are there any better teachers in the schools in peace." . Then I thought of this people now than those .who are graduates. from the all. questhe world will come to this people, and representation and discussion of .:. University? Do any of the Eastern men or .when banks' fail we 'shall have the , world tions, and to favor home interests. ' -- 1 I ; 1 . v-- . '-v- exowift i ! . kin--dre- -- ' ' u-s-t , ; j , ! -- ; i . . i noble-browe- d J - " . - - . ' - A . -- . ' " - . ' . rt' e welj-earne- t , d " ' -- . -4r- - .. j d ... tef-Ttrriewfh - gold-finis- h " -- j- - 1 r- oiiligjiJyarm ' ", - " ; ' - j . 