vvu.-v- j clKiiitablc duty in an cflicicutly -- oiKUtiizc t b - h X I U N K NT T the interests of 111 ihr-Societ- tiie jHjorfagevtiuH helpless ' pro .Mi-bu- - ah --- (30 that y, . . I -- ivfi.i- - - 4 . 1 . colonizing in new places became a part of .the program, the Relief Society proved a positive .'advantage, giving to women the' contact with each other In that .'social way, which .was in the best sense co operative ami' produced the best results ' of mutual helpfulness, without seeming dependence. The material resources at "that time were very few indeed, but the spirit of improvement mentally and spiritually, was strengthened by meeting together regularly, and the ministration of love and tenderness Donations in Sundries, .78.55 in times of hardship, privation, sickness Sunday eggs, 109. 5r and sorrow incident to the conditions, Cash . ... ... . . donations, 00 of the colonists were beyond expression in .". : . . . Apple and mulberry trees, . .41.00' words: from Means .... . .40.00parties. .(he As prosperity came to people the Ouilts' made, .'. .23. ex) society grew accordingly, and there were reach out many" 'opportunities- afforded t :'$38r.i3' ; to assistance the needy, aud io help and .teach practical and economic methods to On the 17th of March, 1S92, the Reliei " who arrived yV'ar.' after year in Society celebrated its Jubilee of fifty years. this Western, land iiv the Rocky Mountain This anniversary was observed in all parts .region. .There is not time to tell of the of the world where branches of the society growth and development of the ociety.but had. been organized, including Canada, estimate was made of the amount exMexico, the Sandwich Islands, Australia, charities-ain the time of the panded New Zealand, Great Britain, Switzerland, in Philadelphia in Germany, Holland, Denmark. Sweden and Centennial celebrat'' 1S76, which was about twenty years from Norway and other foreign places. The the time-- of. the most distinctive feature of the celebration of the Society in Utah. The total amount was a prayer offered at high noon in every accumulated and disbursed was over ninety place where the day was kept, forming as Under the judicious it were an almost complete belt, or circle of thousand dollars. management of Miss Snow, aided by many prayer around the world. The arrangeefficientWorkers, trained and disciplined in ments for these services were made. beforethe same methods, a perfect system of or- - hand by correspondence with the presiding .1 ganization was' effected, beginning with officers in all the several countries. wards, from that to counties (ecclesiastically T11 Salt Lake City the services of the day all are which of Stakes Ziou) designated were held in the large Tabernacle, which, under the supervision of a Central Hoard. was handsomely and appropriately decoratEach of these divisions and sub divisions ed for the occasion. The great organ was have similar organizations' to the Central draued with the stars and "stripes, the flags Board with control of- their own local af-- e x t e a d i n a cross. t he en tirefron a nd t he g rsrbu ulafjsrtt a n n ual repoi ts -- floral decprations were strikingly beautias ward organizations to the stake, and anful. paintings of the general nual report, as stakes to the Central Board. presidents of the society were conspicuous The outside branches not included in stakes ly hung, so as to be seen by the entire conand those in foreign countries,' report direct (Mrs. Emma Smith the first to the secretary or the Central Board. gregation, Miss Kliza R. Snow her succespresident, Thus it is com parati vely easy to tra nsact sor and the present presiding officer Mrs. any business because of the thorough and Zina T). H. Young) an immense key made of nrrpi Mixtion. everlasti 'n g TwaThonYilh the Tjinrkrw-Tb- t complete ytf-... The approximate amount of means pictures, representing the key ol knowledge, for charity and similar, purposes which was turned for women when the society was organized. The large stands during the. five years from iS,v'S to inclusive was $90,350,25. for speakers were occupied by thes officers woThe Relief Society in its several branches of the society, and eminent men and' owns valuable real estate, halls to meet in men of the church, and the immense exercises stores of dry goodsand fancy articlesand even auditorium was 'veil filled. The the President Mrs. Zina ". groceries, and. other buildings for various were conducted by the Tabernacle choir, under purposes; some have homes for needy and' I). H. Young,, of Prof. Evan Stephens, aged women, in many places the local the leadership anthems societv nvvrK rind nnpmtes millinerv and rendered choice musical selections, . ... Professor J. Daynes accompanied' establishments, ana in some etc tiieand of the great organ. The character localities the. Society has live, stock sheep on ua and Calves, and also wool and other pro- - speeches was mostly nisioricai, gyiu&. the:mlf-centui3d4tiets. have .dividends in stores, over obstacles enfactories and ' other enterprises. In many "SoluYoTlheGUfficulties and the brave pioneer places the society has granaries where grain countered, and eulogizing - who hadpas.sed:away is stored away against timesof scarcityaiidi womeuworkers,his was the most important meeting the famine. Some have land, planted with ever held, especially on account mulberry trees; for the cultivation of the society has siik worm is one of .the industries fostered of its beme generai in cvV it is entire organization in an wn.. and encouraged b the society, and were' kept as holiday Particularly well adapted to the climate of.: noon and eveningthe poor, and jin entertainUtah. These industries and establish-:- . in feasting with and Mnusical merits j are not carried on for personal bene-'- - ments of a social, literary tciulc-V.un- self-sustainin- g, - : -- - . ..... : - . . rl': new-comer- : " s, ' n . . s . - tr-- . i-- a a . Life-size- " . : . ' ex-.peude- d- 12, 1 aress-makin- " 1 ! ; g 1 j ; wt ; j 1 1 j ; . d y e all ' permanent-reorganizatio- -- for-wajtlc- -- t , to.-sa- -- that-non- ' ......... ;''' " my'8e' assisted these enterprises, instead . me peopie; in nuui .1.. ''miim 7s the.se and various other wavs the society 'renders valuable aid to women, .who could not otherwise become, and' one rarely ever hears of a failure in any of the enterprises, inanaged and conducted by women. One .of the most unique plans contrived by women in the country places .is putting aside Sunday eggs, and using the means thus obtained for a fund. ' The. 'following figures of a three months- report is a fair sample and not exceptional. It is from Ephraim, Sanpete Co. Utah; . all the society in evifxx, character throughout ' .r '"V". land;a,.cou-ing meeViug&'stsV:' atid cnitertninmelits weremade'by the local 'secretaries,' and to the'Central Board in Salt Lake city,' so that the society has on hand' a coin .' plete, record of the Jubilee. There are marry interesting' things in connection with the history of this society, but there is not time to go into details, sufficeit has been an important school of, instruction to. its memlers: though the main object of the society ..is the eareofihe needv thesick, the helpless and the unfortunate, tot visit the widow and the fatherless, to. administer comfort and consolation as well as temporal relief to are left physical wants, to see to suffer, and to encourge habits of industry and economy!! .those who are able to do something towards their own support, to provide ways and means for such persons, and give, instruction if necessary to those who through lack of training, or misfor tune need special attention. Also to care for the dying and the dead, to be at the bed side of the lonely ones when death is near, to robe the body neatlv and. properly for burial when" all is over, and to perform those kindly deeds with tenderness and grace. This is a part of the mission of the women- of this society, it is useless to the duties, privileges and blessthis .grand institution, ings pertaining-tbut many lessons of patience, and forbearance have thus been learned,, and the higher and bettcrniali-tie- s of head aivd.heart developed and cultivated; pride, envy, jealousy and avarice subdued, and a higher standard of human excellence attained than 'could possibly have been reached in any other way. In iSgi.'at the National Council in Washington, D. C. the Relief Society beCouncil came connected with the enThis of Women of the United Statea. titles, the society to an equal standing o long-sufferin- g . -- -- .jtliin a!l4he:great-TqnOT . giving to each and alLthis the Council, broad system of representation, and of becoming widely known, not. possible exr cept by united efforts.. October 10, iS2, the society was incorporated under the name of the National Woman's Relief Society. This step had been meditaiedJbrJ5Jmeme of incorproatiou had been prepared, for the safer conduct and management of the temporal affairs of so large and important an . institution. Separate articleTof association have been adopted by auxiliary branches of the society, which give each respective society complete control of its own property, with power to transact any business pertaining thereto. The present status of the society is very encouraging; as the people spread out in-- . to new localities, - more organizations are effected, more buildings erected, and home industries adaptedto the needs of the society and the locality are beingestabUshed'Oneziri of the notable characteristics of the women thus organized is their practical independence. In the regular meetings of the societytwomeiiTia ve Teen for years in the habit oLspeaking upon the 'topics of the times, thus keeping .posted upon current events, and in this way have gained such confidence that it is comparatively easy to address an audience on ordinary subjects without notes. A considerable number of the members are widows, or single women, . . ' 