r , . ' . or a - o J. vvv fcl vyo'ui.-stuiuUtii- His arduous livahv rim that di'Alg tU d US' .KlliUls,Uu :al.onc in ,,lhc,WtuUI. : oflmiumlyr '.ei Cut 13 u i-- .. r,,. TUic-jjiisf- llirough hie women) have: dune unnurrictf, (nuKstlv for. rcat gocx, have made, the. world-bettets a who in can bnt lived tell their having it; ?oud miiiht have hov nuieh. n.i ore they id v a need in ' Tn the'sduie 'splritand with the 's;ink;1:acc0ujH&hed Ayitlf.the. aia,,iMieuragement;.;;r cverv view of actual reform,' may be made, an and support of suitable cbmpauions, to have we save., .too - many wnreis or anneal for peace between uie.u and women. .formed more perfect beings? There is 'few of the llie battle waged, for the maintenance of nothing, truer thau that the woman, who, teaclters, but that, we have-sfor an' reason, is debarred the privilege of nhtkind. Good "books" are amon? our supremacy on one side, and the. recognition ni'otherhood in pure- and hojy wedlock , of best friends: too many books which teachv of. inherent rights on the other, has been, pursued. But, thanks clasping to her bosom her own priceless, ,; nothing but, sound doctrine; will never be lotip-O and rirorouslv O child, is denied the bighest and written-opublished. .'..Too many sermons !,tqf Gpd, and to our iiobteiseILsacrificmg most choice gi ft the loviqg Father e vr vypman cause, and. universal Tof;pureTandJemo cies will never be preachedi It is the un- - justice, we may hope at least,, that the intended His daughters, to receive. Yet, mark the armies of .unmarried Q.UQ.dmisleadi ngimtterrthoTigrrrpefjbr principle of equal rights is beginning to be bright, entertaining and hrgh'Sounding, all understood; that the war bet ween the sexes women to be met' with everywhere;1 look the more dangerous if it be sowhich is I is nearly over, and that soon , .''The smoke into their hungry eyes, wlrich are only jvritte'nwith a view to gaining popularity', cf its cannons" will have cleared away, indexes to their poor, stajvi'ng; hearts! ; They smile, butthe smile is .for its authors, that and 'Theclashin-- of its bayonets" will be lavishly diflfused, and should be consigned to oblivion before, no longer7 heard. For wars, either with soulless; .they laughbut ;tne: lauhV is" " it sees thedight. in the mouth or in the hand, are .hollow and bitter! weapons ' Leta new plan of tuition be mapped put, What mountains of labor arise to con: terrible; and their giving way' for the let our. young men and young women, the fron t workers in 'the cou n teracting of the of "peace is a most desirable seformer especially, as with them it is most mischievious results of all fiiis false educaquence. If, however, this happy termination which has been goin on and gaining tion may not be said to have already come needed (for women would marry with,' strength for generations! I low carefully in sight, add if "a call for'the declaration of proper opportunities) be taught and made should they look to it, that they be not peace woul3 be considered premature, yet, to understand, that lifeV unsan'ctified by there ;..ei2iu. immediate ' and vcik in. reducing the spirit ot re r , ,giM-.p.ace-earnes- : ' !- - -. spe-aser?,- , - - T ' . . God-give- n r " 1 . . " is-to- a famished g jy . -- ' ' f. ',-..- ex--tensi- ' on - , , -- . " themselves deceived, and become contaminated with the same spirit and influence which actuate - the narrowinjiided and short' sighted lovers of gain. Leaders there mustjev that the world's work may be, carried forward to its final consummation. But let them be those who ' are workers themselves, and whose works bear fruits worthy of inspection and acceptance. Then, let followers kep their leaders in view; and not, .through undue self confidence, or negligence, run recklessas it may ly in line or out of line,-jus- t diappen. Harmony, in any pursuit, can only be maintained through the Strict observance of immutable laws. Notice a choir master,and the worshiping: v . . $emblynmgreati . . .. -- i; . musical talent is not One portion of the congregation,- - not consider--- " ing themselves professionals, make no at- -' tempt to sing, being either too proud or too modest to join in. an effort wherein, they are not sure to excel. Another portion sing boldly, heedlessly, with great . much-cultivated- self-relianc- nevetakniJliou heTonmthhafid Ah, the poor master! You can 'see how disheartened he becomes, as some, push ahead while others' lag behind almost destroying, at times, the melody of those voices whose possessors watch the baton and sing It may not be the discordant singers who form the inajority, but often, they make so much noise that they seem to be the larger part of the congregation: And they are the ones who turn their heads and say- - to their neighbors, ' ' Well! did you ever hear such singing? If I to such a choir, I would break loose ; .and found one of my own.", ' be-long- - ed -- Iet us begin to ciiltivate and exhibit feelings of peace and love toward all and be ready for the good time when it does come. And while peace, beautiful peace, is preparing to spread her .white, downy Vings over our hearts and homes in restful security, may we not briefly bufcautibusly review portionsof the theories and systems adopted in morlprn ednration. nnd note some changes which might be suggested by way of improvement? Already lias it been intimated,: in a former paragraph, that undue expansion of is required by the present .forms of our schools and colleges, to the neglect and injury of other faculties. The saddest thing in connection with this mistaken plan, is the effort, to crush xmt the finest sentiments, the mostsacred instincts of- the human heart; The first great divine commandment given to man and woman - e, of the master. nthkrthwhieh-was"to'Be"Truitf- ul and multiply," has been ruthlessly set and its .real reformers, today. Many-ardoing nothing, Many are" doine iiicuL unngsm tueir own estjmation.but worse than, nothing in the estimation of e - . coni-paniuiTsh- . . . divine law. In ou r..: . ". - s little-wo- rld ' . thefaomer-aiic- T social circles, where individual influence may be brought to bear, let us piit forth strong; invincible efforts, that- reformation in . its true sense may be made apparent. Beginning with ourselves, let us see to it that the spirit of reform is reduced to : r practice. Louisa Iv. Griv i:ne Ii iciiards.-- 1 Salt Lake City7 Utah. Jan. 26th, 1895. - . - aside and trampled upon. And this is looked upon as philanthropic and praise Tucson Star says of the Arizona proworthy by some of our much-learne- d fessors and teachers. rules House of are Indeed, Representatives: Thein. be to some instances, sought established, Legislative Assembly passed the woman a the of married prohibiting acceptance suffrage bill by a vote of .17 to 7, . woman as a teacher in a public school 'which shows that-th-e measure is popular And- - young women who have been found with the people, and indicates that there to possess especial adaptabilities as teachers, are a number of rising statesmen in the Asnave, even been solicited to sign contracts sembly who have taken off their hats to the the effect that they never will marry, but rising sun, and who see. the drift of "The - , t-- s will devote their lives to, the training of other people's children. What unwarranted disregard of divine law! - What an outrage upon humanity whajt sacrilege! It would seem incredible that intelligent and enlightened manhood could be so utterly blinded to the noblest and purest impulses of human nature. Whox does not know that marriage happy, true marriage is . "formers, wisely, - . . - prayerfully chosen wedded if not wasted is worthless "in comparison to what ' it might' be if more judiciously managed. ' That while, as to' all general rulesthere may be honorable exe'eptions, the position of such an excep-.- . tion is not an enviable one. '. God gave to mankind, in the beginning, a safe preventive of the most direful evils which exist or ever have existed upTm'the earth. It has been outlawed and ignored " bv man's superficial rulings. And now. e oni anuaoie ior uiobc cr iug cmin is a return to, the acceptance of the primitive let. us joyfully anticipate its- early appearato meet it with nce,- and be prepared ' suitable acclaim. -- clearly, public sentiment; for, as sure as the day lonows tiie night, vojtnan suffrage will be theTiile in every State and Territory within the next ten years, and every, public man Who makes his record against this right of American womanhood will be retired from politics. This is the edict of the progressive American spirit which lias taken hold " on the people. " ' - . - .' J 