AV OMAN be i v ci i ' 1 1 v j ri J Krr 1 people in what shTill 1 1 1 r - r t j; uid lo the the future e prosperity of this great and grawin?-"nion wealth' for the next few years "at ' " 1 here, should .;!. 1 . . oom- - - " ' a in my jxnver, arid.'bring them up to serve God, and enjoy a few of the blessings which meeting, I found that ..with all tlieir good intent, there was something- lacking, and they are entitled to, of course' readily 'perceived they were deNo wonder "each '"'Veneration- - becomes ficient of that benign Heavenly influence-whiccreates such' sisterly' love that is ex- prevent perienced among the Latter Day Saints., the children" from being 'robbed tf tlieir They cannot accomplish the desired end by j. birthright' before they are bru; And then lelying on their own strength." The gospel children being born with the' sins visited" plan is theonly system .through which upon them, who need the most guarded these thing's can be successfully carried out I remain your sister in the training are the least thought of. : Gospel. I have. heard it said here, that there are "" Lui'isi: Ki:ii:A few honestly born children in the colonies. 0, I feel as if I could proclaim our glorious Gospel truths, were it possible, with a LETTER FROM FAR OFF MEXICO voice of thunder unto this hardened 'people, and" realize''whargreaihess "MksrK7I377 WiTiXsT and goodness is taught among the people of Dear Friend: . God, called Latter ray Saints. I CAN still testify to the truth of the bid If they would put into practice in their saying, that to thoroughly appreciate a daily walks and conversation, the iustruc- - blessing we need to be deprived of it for a (ion giveir by the true servants of "God, how season. A day or two ago We receive 1 a' great tlieir happiness and numerous 'their .bundle of letters and paj)ers, the accumu- - , lation of three weeks at the Juarez Post blessings. One can more fully comprehend .'this,: Office. when they are brought to see the wickedThis is the. one unpleasant feature of our ness herein the world, and contrast it with new dwelling place, we have no mail line the beautiful serjnohs put forth by "our el- established yet and have to wait for our ders from (Monhou) pulpits, anrt even the mail jnatter.untilso.me. oLthe brethren go..' beneficial writingsHrr to Juarez, near ninety milesfrom here, but we by ' .leading women. expect- to have a Post Office nearer, if not Mothers here in the majority think they here soon. Should any of my old friends " in Utah care to know lioSv J like this place must keep their daughter innocent in to the marriage relations, and - those I can truly say" feel more settled and ' things which would keep them from, going contented than I have for many ears. I astray, if they - receive a mother's timely love the creations of our God in their wild warning, and they are .not few who treat grand beauty, and this , is as lovely a place virtue as merely nothing. I have ' talked for an inland town as I ever have seen. with a number who have said, "I would go The valley is almost a perfect circle set in a to any one rather than my' mother to gain frame of evergreen trees, the land is not a miormaiion on sucn subjects. " bo in many flat plane but just rolling enough for instances mothers have driven their daughsecurity and beauty, last season after the ters from them and destroyed that confidence rains it was like a beautiful flower garden which should - draw to them. all over the valley on the south west side Those tender cords are broken which our is a strip of pine aud fir trees, running Heavenly Father destined to be there. down into the valley, and a block has been There is not so much innocence as ignorance, reserved for a park; on the south east are . : t a 1,1 .11 i.,;. n ui ltLjMiuuiu aim it 15 iiiuc tac waKe to a --bea u tifn fTlTl7srdtrig h mounds, some re- sense of the false modesty that exists. sembling ruined castles, on the north west I sincerel: pray yith all my. heart for the is a lovely site for a temple, and I hope ere welfare of Zion and thaLlhe Lord will conmany years to 'see one "there, it over looks tinue to guide the mothers of Israel to bring two valleys, this one and that one is called up the young and rising"geheratiou to be North .Valley, a fine location for a small honest, noble, industrious, intelligent and village. faithful .before the Lord , and the eyes of This certainly is one of the choice places the world," and not let supposed innocence the Lord hnq.hpM in for :nm, tndangtrrtheirxrrtue, for. when that is lost purpose and I think those permitted to set then what a sad condition. Althoutrh the tle here highly favored bt the Lord. It is sin may be, forgiven the stain will i.ever a large beautiful; bountiful country;'"Snd I - wash away. cannot see how any of the little, petty conbe held The parents jvill accountable to a tracted, notions and selfishness of man can , certain extent for their children's actions; flourish here, it seems to me that the works therefore it behooves them to be wTatchful of natnre, and the spirit of the Almighty that I feel here, must put such things to and prayerful in their behalf. My heart is with the'suffrage movement, shame, and may God grant that the powers and I hope that all the sisters will be able of Satan may get" no strong- hold here. I to use the frauclnsefor the best when it is sincerely, believe that every word of. Brother obtained. ; If all would listen tothe'advice Thatcher in regard to this place will be of noble' women, they, would strive to live realized in the near future.. ' tlieir thoughts-anWith my bundle of papers was one better lives,'-anactions a rise to would higher'and grander sphere, number of the Exponent, - April 15th, They would be eager to encourage and hasten oh the rights of women. I think to me, I see the names off dear old friends women were not put on the earth to remain whd have been standby's of our little paper silent in political matters, while their fa nib. since its earliest existence. In the up's lies are brought in contact, with the rascality and down's of uiy wanderings, have world around them; . they should neglected to add my mite to its columns,but have a. voice, then, the conditio.! of affairs havehever lost interest in its welfare, have would be materially changed. There is a felt that! twas ably suppprted by those betgood society formed here called the ter posted, oiixhe subjects of greatest interWoman's Temperance Council, by the wo- est to its readers I have read overxsome of the articles in men of South Australia, (who have received-fulfranchise). But when I attended their the number referred to several times. I " -- . . I ' . men will be responsible, 'because women en liave :io actual knowledge on the 'subject'; Us ll 7 , ..t'W question, and the lest and highest.- judicial authority, should ju our humble .opinion determine and announce s the solution problem over which there is at present much controversy. As the Primaries are to be held very soon and as this is the first ' step towards Conventions for nominating' candidates, no time ought to beTbstin (juibbljngbut the specific course m relation to women voting "marked out, tint there may be no mistakes made or any hindrances in the way of "a fair field and 'fair, play.'" I 'S EX tO MB Ki si-no- of-ihj- . .FOREIGN LETTER? j ! j j : .' ll-Pon- d. i . -- cause-them-t- - . ' . . . . IIojjakt, Tasmania June Editor Woman 's 15,' 1S95: Exponent: I Miort a, g have leiier to the Exponent to express my gratefulness fi r .sending it to me, which is truly appreciated, and is very instructive and beneficial; but almost feared that I would be trespassing upon your valuable space. Many others here have read it and think it an i excellent paper. Since I have been in this land, I have many things that do not seem pleasant one to mat nas ueen reared ni the vales of .Mormon Utah. It is heartrending to witness the and cruelty of parents towards and the net.O lienr nf ihoW cunnnrt J O ' and instruction: ""Large families brought into the world scarcely where the food and. clothing will come from, and are thrown on to the world to beg for a. living. Some of the most cruel t hi t u nder ngJroni-t-i meto t i mc--a my observation, one I will mention: I saw some little children standingaround the door of; a 'public house," crying ona and very cold day, with scarcely eubugli clothing on to cover them: two little ones not' more tbnn two aud three years old with a red handkerchief . 1. .".wl .., . .1 r ucu i ne iiioiner nnaiiv came 10 ine up. 'ri. door staggering from drink. The two little ones said, crying bitterly, as iPnearly starved, 'Mamma he won't give us a bit of bread. 11 She viciously took the bread from the little boy, which he had evidently !een begging for, and went off with if The little boy leaned back against the house as if disheartened. -. .ThiSj-withmany other things I ;have witnessed has almost caused me to go and weep. To think of the dear little children m helples? withihtTielnselves; who might be beautiful and noble if cared for tenderly. ' I will not attempt to relate any other but. they occur,, ever)' day among those people who constantly visit "public: Houses." I low my heart aches for' the the poor little cliildren. How grand, if they could onlv be cared for as our little :hildren are in Zion. May our Heavenly ; ainer torbid that' any of the mothers in Hrael; should ever, so sadly; neglect their j innocent ofTspring that He has so graciously :.ven them, and entrusted to their care. yhen I see the mother so brutal I feel as could take the little things, if it were be-hel- " - . . 1 1'- - - d V re-bro-ugh bare-head-ed, .. bare-foote- 1 d, 1 " " , . in-stanc- es, -- the-Kxpo- nenP - . re-ga- rd . , their-children , . . rr-sr- . - - - . -- d - d - : frthe I . ll . - l I' 