V v. . WOMAN'S "Richards f;"s: in made the Constitutional Con vention JiasJ Ixrcn published in painph let form and is now ready for circulation. - It needs-imwg- yprcUensive and dig- ixi read py ami we nope-wilall. the people of the Territory asWell as 201 "no," in prder to Save, myself from .J Jcre,: h er: demise was a. very beniL' ehtnbie to' associated charities nearer' shrift v. home. I feel that I have done my duty to fh the Vsmis? V say f. '.xr-- .YisitrTr last confereneer'ske" have Uielped her Joput herself in haruaofJK,,Am.in,;and now ,1 want a little reciprocity. lstCx doubt the clever' editor of the Salt ake Trjhune is doiiig gwod work iirthe Constitutional Convention. It's a way he has. As to the fun of the meeting I don't see, from any point of view, where it comes in. .It was' useless, I'm glad to note. For. Mormons to deprive women of the ballot after women had voted for twenty years under the reign.. -- of 1 i righam Voting "a h dT s s ucce sso r vrj u d be Gentiles oppose the.ballot for women because they, "Believe thatIor-- . moi women will" T6teaccording to the Priesthood. So to .parry a possible evil tiiey are ready to deprive all women of politcai equality, f f .Morme'n women can't' be trusted, Mormon men are equally danTwo wrongs don't make a right. gerous. Morefhartn must come Iroin injustice to one whole sex than from giving power to those wjiomay add great strength to thew Churcli of Jesus Christ of latter-daSiiiiits. I'm willing to run the risk. It is always', safe to do right. With .woman' suffrage eveji I, might be induced to become a citizen of' Utah. I ereat loss - alluded to the franchise and said she wanted to bee women get the right to vote, niade excellent remarks upon elsewhere, whether, they believe in equal silk culture. ','.' 'sujfrage or not; as. it Is always well' to Counselor- Eorinda Thotnpson of MiHar'd examine both sides . of every subject' Stake, said they visited the different branches in- order noUJo be misled All as often1 as possible, some of the distances W. S. Auxiliary Associations should send for were long and they had he disadvantage the. pampl'ilets and see to distributof i)ad roads sometiinesVslie felt very tired; iii their ing copies respective counties." The bulVgenerally found I doiiiglhHflluty' obtaineJaLihe. can be K Kxt'OK pamphlet taking ca.e of the sick, and saving grain; "Room 228,, Constitution Building". at threshing time; tlie sisters' asked their ..husbands for a bushel - or twrj of vyhear tcP replenish their bins. B:fore she was called EX . ( ;.0 VK RXO R THOFABT .to this position she had- been sickly but since had been ..able to do what was ex"I was the chairman of the committee pected not only, in the Re.lief Society but in on resolutions appointed by the last Re the Sunday School and the Primary, was 'publican convention. I have. a very clear greatly, exercised about the youth of Zion recollection of the action of thecommittee hadone --her txrst to teach .them . correct in relaiion to the granting of equal suffrage, President Elizabeth Bean, principles.. to women. Twenty-fivof the twenty-'seve- n Sevier Stake, said they had many poor in counties of the Territory were re: their county vv ho needed assistance, there on the committee.' Tlie large .. presented were sixty Widows, she had taken' considerablot the members were not of the majority e-time visiting the several branches ' class usually denominated politicians. They jnthe.Stake.and getting everything in prop-- " seemed "to me- to be men Who acted from Utah. , er order, hoped to have all the secretaries Conviction. I believe the woman "suffrage another potent reason with some for not keep uniform accounts.. At their Conferences plank was inserted in the platfoim because giving..my sex the ballot. they had al ways "a lecture in the afternoon the majority of the committee thought it on some church subject, each Society apwas right to' place it there, and the maimer', pointed one sister to lecture once a month in which it was received by the convention RELIEF SOCIETY: COXFIXRKXCK. on some church subject, thought wre should showed, I think, that the large majority pf educate the to take care of the grain, the Convention thought so toov Xo other The General Conference of the Relief had herself sifters hajU special instruction on the resolutiouVeeeivt.dsuch 'strong manifestaSociety was held in the Salt.,Eake Assembly subject, her stake was very large but hoped tions of. approval. Halbin this City .Thursday April 4th, 1895, to. do her work thoroughly. Counselor "With all due respect to the delegates in President Zina I). II. Young presiding. Minerva W. Snow of Sanpete spoke the ConstitutioiiarConveniion, representing Sisters Jane Sf Jlichards, Bathsheba W. both political parties, who make the charge Smith, M. Isabella Home, 11. B. Wells, specially of the york in the Mauti Temple, that the woman suffrage. plank was inserted General Officers, with several Presidents of of the blessings received there and the union that prevailed. Spoke of the fast meeting injthe platform for thepurpose of "catching Stakes and others were 011 the stand. Meetthe held there in behalf of the sisters Hotes," I deem it but just to say that in ing commenced at .10 a. m. with singing, whosociety went ;to Washington, and felt their ' 'Lord ve come before thee now.' ' ; my opinion, so far as the action of the RePrayer had been answered, dwelt much publican committee is concerned, the charge wras offered by Sister Home, continued by prayers upon humility ahd charky for eachoUiers-wrroknesse- s. has no foundation in fact; It was, I believe, singing, Dojwhat is righjJiutes-Q- fl -an honest exprssiojij ot moramg meetiug President Jane S. Richards, of Ogden, previous conterece .large" majority of "the committee and con- were read, by the Secretary. President reported Weber Stake as in excellent convention. few a minutes in her kind Young spoke dition she always had a good turn1 out at "I know' of no pressure that was brought motherly way, mentioned that it was the their Conference in Weber Stake, the to bear upon the committee in relation to Fast day but hoped the sisters had come Bishops wrere very helpful, and would come the matter." fasting to the conference as they would and take the visiting sisters whenever they have done, had they attended the fast meetwanted to go and hold meetings, sometimes the would Eord those bless who had KATE FIELD'S OPINION. ;1ip ft1 t h p ings hp nVr( Qyr- rtryhnit1ri r cojnjiloaienfertrrice-fspirit. getic and lead out in other directions. President Pitchforthof Juab Mary Stake, President Home spoke for Salt Lake "ThK current issue of Kate Field's Wash- said had recently held a. Couference at they Stake, in reference, tq the care of the needy ington, in the department headed "My Xephi, and had an enjoyable time, she had and afflicted a good work is being done, the Mail Bag," contains the following. been very ill and was still feeble, but had new or the reorganization, so 'The woman's edition microbe has at- been healed through faith and the power of as to regulations, be uniform i u a national had made tacked Salt Lake City, which" isnot strange, the priesthood refe rred - to the young girls some difference but it wouldway, soon become as it first appeared in San Francisco: '' who were coming forward to assist in the better understood. Sister Home bore a Relief of they-werand also 'ths Society, help ill yon write a short article on any subject good testimony of the Prophet Joseph, and in the Primary, spoke eloquently pf how glad she was to have heard, him speak most pleasing to you for publicuion in edition of trie for Apiil 2S? aharity However the advancement women' wer e'""making in ' as he did to the Relief Society in Xauvoo , brief it may be, an article of whatever nature various directions. Mentioned Sister Woodbury and her exover your Mgnauire' will be an attractive feature President A. Stake, Mary Sanpete Hyde for Salt Lake people, and for ''sweet charity," I perience in crossing the plains when she also of the two Conference held fee-- that spoke days will heart was quite young,, that she walked nearly all your respond at once; you' .will v see by the heading thework I Am engaged in. recently, had visited the stake of late aud the way through ravines, and all sorts of Your friends here are all well, and would love to found all trying to do their best, it thought and when sitting 'down by the way, see you here. Don't you ever ,think-coming4 wasa .time when we should' look into our places she would empty the water out of her boots own and on the armor of hearts, put and is doingvgood. work in the convention. AVe .and go on her Way, never, murmuring at are going to call an righteousness. the of the journey. Sister Home meeting Counselor Ann C. Woodbury St. Geonre alsohardships Thursday and expect to have great fun.- - Wish spoke Of the efforts being made to es- you could be here. Stake, felt it a pleasure to travel all our Gektile. come and see the sisters, there were thirty- - littlp nnps micrlit lp tnncrlit in that trethnr The motto of the Associated Charities,, eight on the train coming up to Conference, wanted each President iu the County to for which my; friend appeals, is ' To help they had started in a 'snow storm, referred consider the matter and see- what could be and not to pauperize." IvinsV done in her I believe so with much feeling to Sister-Julirespective ward, and hoped all t horoughly in that motto as to be forced to whose death had occurred a few mouths be would be united, though these schools dw-- l i -- -- cat.e-full- y, , - 1 s anti-suffrag- - . EX PON K N T . - .: - e ' -- . . " NT-Office,- " 1 -- 1 1 an-outrag- e - . : y -- , - Perliaps-this-pissilil- ity . v ' ' . . . - .. ; " . . . ; -- " " - j i of . -- Jhjsway2Ju4ige--Goodtyin-is"-asHty-as"ever- .Anti-Suffra- ge . ' " - a . - ' 7 