''.;.- i ': - - I , 1 WOMAN ... ;h :.e- ct r - KXl'viSENT Min. Nellie 0, Taylor itad a very but the- of the WotM would Iv lucking in ovum polite Scotland. aikUheT of.r.iiad. No, with the worldly pini it., .uiJ inUtVstmg jupcr on, the life and !.!,, ikcl'icive"h:is:r.:a; by:e:u:t churches S . - Ir. d iv:::te: ni.ikeotic-k.lc-s,----No.i- . iUs l . .. . tc.u:h not . . ! hugynv ImcM' al.nl e.Ioseu with til ti . one tit . I.aura 1 ivtie n lattii a newspatvr articb vour care upon Ii:n tor he careth tor you." 0 tjj( Th.ese at cue time lasted And the Apostle James says that "IVrtect she had recently- - ;rcud7'referiii of the poetrs nature. His with more tr Je brilliancy tilt Candlemas, love casts out tear, for tear hath torment,' he squandered .: business' 'How tact. and with great blnrit till the tweltlh day; "then let me ask Avhat riches are superior to. of means on novelties "bought" buttertho but now a service in the inomiug at the v this; is it not the true riches? " instead of paying his taxes.': His 'natupXow" let me ask. what "sensible sound-umerent churches, and a raeetm in the i i tc n scl y poetical-he could-n.. riches of Ixi n evenunr compod.when4?siiblet.-O- l the.; and practicalities. various branches a'ud members of the fam this world to "that which is taught in the dwell on common-placMrs. L. I). Alder spoke of a notabh ily, is all that distinguishes the day above Xew Testament by jesusaud His .Apostles. , I feel to regret that the people m ihesc V event of his lite. .Some twenty-fou- r others; year he have to' its with was, churchsupposed ago passed fro:u slh Kngland, dissenters, as well as dsys are not. bettei .acquaUited men, keep it as a social holiday, on which teachings: In my youth we" read it in our tins mortal existence, but through sor." there is a complete cessation from all busi- ' day schqols.and recited it in Sunday School-Istrange intervention he lived again. Mrs. II. A. Badger and Dr. K. R; Shipp-eacness, ICS.. was a book I was so familiar with I could read poems from' the same author" defend its principles Vhen' talking with our minister who told me saying, "If there be Bethlehem Town" and "Singing in God s ARE WIv WORTHY? prophecies they will fail, and tongues shall Acre" both showing the powerful pathos cease." Heredie stopped, and I finished the j and spirituality of this noted writer. Yes, this question often arises in my sentence for him' saying "and knowledge mind; now since we are called Latter-day- . shall vanish' away. For now We see in original poem entitled "In 'the City of the Saints, are we worthy of this name? How part and hear in part, but when that which Dead " do we compare wiih the former-daSaiiits? is On motion of Mrs. R. M. Fox the rules perfect is come that which is in part will I well remember after I believed this said ever "who , 'were tbe done away." Then he suspended and the meeting assumed Gospel to be the same that Jesus taught, shall add to the prophecy of this book to the form of an informal reception in honor and could see plainly it was the samein Him shall be added the plagues that are of the Misses Chase from Boston who were I it was with to about every respect, accept on" the occasion. written in this book." "Yes'' I replied, all ray heart, I was asked if I could afford "that was St. John's visjon. We should present Mrs. Z. D.; H. Young and President to be called a Saint. I replied "no, indeed! notadd diminish to that which he saw in B. Wells made of speeches of welcome, and I would not dare to be called a saint. That his vision. . Yet the angel told him saying the guests of honor spoke at length upon would imply one who was holy and had arbefore nations; their travels he should again prophecy ' through the old and new World, rived at perfection." No this, was a stum-blin' ' Here comes and prophecy, people, kings from Alpine heights to the orange groves '' block to me, and I felt to object sayof the is called and Jesus. testimony again of California from the plains of Colorado,, ing it would be presumption. I always have a feeling of regret that the to the volcanoes of Honolulu, depicting in Then I was told by accepting the Gospel Rev. Mr.. Proll of Utica N. Y. would not eloquent language the grand and interestand obeying its laws I would thereby arsaid He must this "I Gospel; investigate scenes witnessed upon such a journey, rive at that state, and become a, 'Saint, just excuse as he had to visit a sick person," ing him with a glowing tribute to the as the former-daSaints did. Well what and he said I was and would yet see closing young beautiful Salt Lake valley as . seen from the were those laws. Christ's Sermon on the the error of my ways and come back. .This roof of the hotel Khutsford the mountain Mount, was the beginning, and to love the was over fifty years ago, but lam more firm hills equal -- to ,4he- scenery, Lord with your might, mind and strengfrr,, and love your neighbor as yourself,, our then afterward became a . knowledge. u v Savior said would include all of the com I must say that I am thankful that the Kl1uMfJCC K1ri-tw7 .11 mandments, that Moses had received. Then school book a .r tesjamenjwas 1 - opl eted-SaJ- e. to read the Epistles ofJjLPelerIames and Tor became acquainted with an it through impression not soon to be forgotten. Jqhn'and StT Paul, you will' see how great Jesus and his Apostles, and the opposition The chairman of program committee blessings of the Spirit they gained by obmet while they sojourned here, llow read" the they program" for Dec. 31st and the serving these laws and putting them in often did I wush I could see them and hear session to meet at Mrs.' Arthur practice. I could then see there was a posthem talk, and now I often wish I could Brown's adjourned Dec. 31st, 1895, at 2 p.- m. sibility of becoming a Saint, by applying our see the beloved disciple John - who is to tar- - 1 minds to the lessons, and I resolved to Kllis R. Shipp, Rec. Sec. in this world until Jesus comes again, two ry make the effort, feeling encouraged by the of our and perhaps more have seen:l invitation Jesus gave, saying "Take my him, andpeople -talked-torhiIt --H U N TI N.GTQX EMERY CO. ke upon on and learn ol me lor ray strict heed to the Gospel that Jesus give yoke is easy and the burden is light." I our Lord and master gave to his Apostles. Dear Editor: then made it is now over fifty Our prophet Joseph said if we do not, this On Thanksgiving Day. Nov. 28th, the years, and I find it is eveil so, when I have wil4 notb a laud of Zion unto you. This the good spirit, It is a joyful feeling to carry we can realize from time time. And I members of the Suffrage Association to' into practice those laws," but without that, wrould gathered at the Huntington Hall, at 2 ask is there not danger that we be' . spirit it would have an opposite effect. come weary in well doing and take a rest Kb' clock p. m. and spread a sumptuous table But remember this good spirit is easily until our have gone out. Let us with every good thing that the heart could lamps grieved, as our Savior said, "If ye love anyincluded, rather take the advice of St. Paul who said desjre, turkey and pumpkin-piand about seventy-fiv- e down to sat thing more than me ye are not worthy of you must be diligent in business and ferpeople me," And the Apostle James saysjf any vent in the Lord, then we' ' the tables and enjoyed a good dinner; after man love the world the love of the Father will be spirit serving which we had some very excellent speeches, worthy to be called Latter-dais not in him: ye can not serve God and toasts and sentiments from both gentlemen Saints, will we not: mammon. and ladies. In the evening we had a dance M. E. K. Well since we haVe our agency to choose, recitations and a mingled .with songs, Nov. 1895. 24, -which to love best let us be yjseJdiijmaking-ou- r dialogue on Wqwan Suffragevirrwhich both-sid- es choice.- 1 believe a sound mind will were shown arid in which the ladies u. w: p. came out victorious: The association is in naturally love sound principles best. And such are the teachings :of Jesus the Savior a fair condition, there being enrolled twenty of the world, and the more we become The regular meeting was held Nov. 30th, members; 'we hold meetings twice a mouth. with those acquainted principles, the greater' 195, at theoffice of the Woman's ExWishing the Suffrage Association success, it feel to until we joy affords, explain truly ponent, President E. B, Wells in the chair.5 we remain yours truly, this is the true riches: because it affords Opening prayer by Mrs.' Z. D. H. Maria S. Ciiristenson, President. Young. men. anu coma Roll called, members answered with poetical wuin uigmiy. . ; C. R. Riley, posed mind, which dignity '.with the spirit sentiments from E. R. Shipp. ' Bessie Johnson, Secretary. itir once aprro.uuttd :o L : i n s t ::i a x e -- - L - " . minded--person-couldpreferth- -- e -- : , e ' . ! t -- - h . ' ' y - , . . g - y - snow-cappe- d -- . ; C Lmyoutht oma-life-o- f-tl " ! - -- m is-ourtur- y-tin" . j" ' the-effor- t' i ! ' ! ' j -- j e - y - c - ... sea-respec- t, Vice-Presiden- . . . " t. 