WOMAN'S whither she has gone, and if '..we are laillifu1 unto the cud. we shrill, meet her at'du pain or sickness' or.. trials, but "where ti. is 10 v and : J: . : y'S i:e fekwHS6f". written in party , of ladies JWas Mrs. D. Alder at her resiLydia 'given by in this on the afternoon of dence city, Thursday, Dec. 5. About twenty. five sisters were gathered in her spacious . parlors, decorated with vines which; and autumn leaves, and after some time passed in social conversation a delicious in supper was served to the guests, and-latthe evening, the party took the form, of a meeting, Mrs. Lucy y Kimball beiug chosen to preside. Most of the sisters responded to the invitation to speak, and many were the expressions of good will and friendship for Sister Alder. Among those present were Sisters M. Isabella Home, Bathsheba W. Smith, Julia C. Howe, Elvira S. Barney, Elizabeth' Webb, Emma Woodruff, Lucy. Jane Thurston, Elmina S. Taylor, Elizabeth J. Stevenson, Maria Y. Dougall, .Margaret N. Caine, Annie T. Taylor; Clara M. Cannon, Maria W. Wilcox and others. The gathering was 'a very enjoyable one, and the sweet interchange of ideas and seutitnents were specially gratifying to all. These social visits help tolihlte" the sisters in ties that will be lasting in time and continue throughout eternity. " day-dream- s, 4 "The Senator From Utah" is a new book of home production, published at the office of, the Juvenile Instructor iu this city. It is from the pen of the gifted young writer The and poet Miss Josephine Spencertitle itself should recommend it to the public at the present time. Miss Spencer deals with the subject in an entirely original manner, and brines it near in scenery- and de- j scriptionT Thefauthor seems to see in the political horizon storms brewing that might perhaps be averted were wise methods adopted in the new State. Evidently she feels strongly upon the vital questions of labor and capital and sympathizes deeply with the laboring classes. It is quite a'new departure for a young Utah woman, and believes gingt leyeryione home writers should buy the book and read it. It contains many beautiful pen pictures, and is realistic in portraying the strong emotions of men and women under trying circumstances. 'The content's are A Senator from Utah, A Municipal Sensation, Finley Parke's Problem, Experiment, Letitia, Mariposa Lilies, Hester. The book is for sale at all the bookstores in the city. Pxice,' cloth binding, $1.00; paper cover, 5o"ceots, - ts-to-k- -- rj-a ee n g7Jbeniyjis . 11 .1 .1 as uie aoors suook as eyes, and sue startea if some one claimed eiltrance,and the casements rattkd and the wind shrieked jmd moaned like living creatures in distress. The Christmas bells rang out at midnight, she paused a moment in her work, (for she had resumed her pen) and the tears fell down her pale cheeks like rain; she was thinking of her loved ones long since laid away in the quiet grave yard. On and on she worked, every now and then listening to the wind to catch its music, when its wildest notes rang out upon theViight air, and echoed through the empty rooms, every sound' seeming to her sensitive nerves, tsof Mari-den- 's Helen Keller is said to have the sense of touch so marvellously .developed that she . . d . THE SENATOR FROM UTAH. can recognize a person's emotions by simply placing her hand upon his or her face, even although the play of feeling is so subtle that the ordinary observer would not detect nt pvnression. anv rhantrp oUc cau diou r "t j detect the presence of any one by the sense of smell, and she is learning to sing by laying her fingers on the sides of a singers' throat and imitating with her own vocal chords the vocalist's notes. old-fashione- - e he-talen- "a far-of- were-artisticall- 4 CAT TOO TOV . 1 C Ia. ,vJ CTnaV Once upon a time, too, a great ship was sailing far away over .' tlx ng.l hnr Saddest mem'riw vigils kep. , - . 'ttULJtKiJBia.wrtT-w...- sans sprwuv and the Captain ' pacin?"the. broad deck of his handsome vessel, heard a rough tailor lad swearing as he was calling to a slender boy far up in the rigging of the ship and ordering him to draw in sail, andas the boy tried but could not reach, he swore furiously at the lad: Captain Dorr, brave but tender ordered the stalwart sailor sharply to go himself to the bov's rescue, as he tsaw the danger, and bring the boy safe to deck. When thiswas done the Captain sent the business and interrogated sailor about-hi- s the lad, after his own fashion, "How in the' name of all the saints came you aboard a whaler, what's your name, and where have you been, hid away that I've never seen you before? 'You run away from home didn't you, well I did the same thing my- self or I might have been a well to do man now instead of sailing the high seas .011 and never able to stand straight when I go ashore, We're out for a five year's voyage, my boy, and no chance for you to get home again, unless we meet a ship going in and I wouldn't like to trust you with strangers, no knowing if you'd ever see land if I did. No, I think I'll Hlrp narp- nf vnn mv;p1f cm ntid ch Tim. Mr. Taft, I mean, my first 'mate you know, but you've not told me who you are. ' ' Theboy looked up to see if the Captain was iu earnest for the "sailors had told him such dreadful stories to scare him into doing their bidding. "My name is Frank Easton, and I did run away." "Well, never mind that now, I'll take care of you, I've none of my own." The boy soon found the first mate ... - - ' . . . J - - the boy, and bade the mate inform the crew Frank was only to Wait upon him. "All right Captain, I'm very glad, I've been the first, he's had a sorry for the bov from ' ' liafd lnne so far. Ever since Frank had left his home, enticed away by bad men who had given him grog (he had never tasted liquor of any kind before) he had mourned for his mother, and whenever he was left alone for a few minute he would ween as if his verv heart would break. Afterwards when he " lay for . ' " : ; ' '. r Aveeks-ivit- b the Doctor of his home, until sometimes the good old man would turn away to wipe his, eyes, though ne was accustomed to all sorts of trying scenes. All the long years, while 1 lali& niuuuuuiu vi iM...., the South .sea, he talked incessantly to - , ; He did not dare to write, yet he must have known how terrible it was to his mother, only boys can never quite realize a mother's - rief; the Captain took to him wonderfully and watched him during the fever many a long night through, charging the Doctor and the old negro nurse to take the best of care of him. When Fran k was better nurse Susie said voices, full of the sweetness and melody, one day "you're getting peert now,you'll let that oncefilled the dear old home where she your mammy know how you are, as you've had lived 0,.so many long years. But we talked so much about her all the time; she over these memories; the must beinostTrazylMre tmmt not st0fy was not finished until the grey morn night when I was sittin here all alone,, and ing was dawning on theEastern hills. you was tossin and moauin, and hot as fire with fever, and I was so tired my eyes In the visions of the night .time, would nt stay open nohow, and she come When the world is fast asleep, right in here, and went up to you in that Troops of pictures loonr before us cot and put her hands, so white and thin, txiingothe-nestlension,iJikerlivi- j . .an-t-.AiiAh.tA'.;- a sWry .was being" aglr.nace,' A VE ry - pleasant ura ' dreamy,' parlor, with quaint furniture of the. olden time, and such queer pictures of ancient dames .hanging 'on the walls, that were brown with save for the ,age', altogether bright coal fire in the grate, beside which sat a woman past middle life, in ilannel .wrapper and slippers, with a thoughtful look in f pensive countenance and a her blue eyes as though she saw. into the depths of something beyond, while she gazed into the. glowing, crimson coals, A gentle knock,, the door opens softly, and a tall, slim,- younger woman' comes slowly towards the lady by the Ere, looking up she recognizes there is a world outside her and turns her face' to the timid maid, who inquires if her mistress Will have some tea and toast. "Yes, thank you, perhaps its late, I suppose it must be," "eleven missus and the lights are all out every where except the street lamps. You'll catch your death here if you don't have something warm, let me me bring the tray in, what a pile you've writ tonight," glancing at the little table full of books and manuscript, and noticing the fresh written sheets scattered about, "my sakes, tomorrow will ""be Christmas and you .up till mornin and not a soul here to wish you Merrie Christmas," ; ' "Never mind Polly fetch thetoast, and-yogo to bed and sleep well;' vell have a. crowd here tomorrow, never, fear." Polly goes muttering to herself, about "people that's allers writin, and makin "nothin by it, and never a word for anybody, and never thinkin of the work that has to be done by somebody; now there's Mrs. Le Fevre, she's going to give her girls a day off, and a fine dinner, and every one on'em will have a new gown, or some finery, that's something like when one's worked hard all the year; I. don't see what Missus nd -e r ya -- wan pouyea r a ftdie in her chair never take a rest; shell someday, and who'll be the better, she's iiothin to leave, but old piles of papers, and letters and books. " Nevertheless Polly brought in the tray and the woman drank the tea, though she seemed not to know she was eating or drink-i- EDITORIAL NOTES. in-enco- ONE CHRISTMAS EVE. ;. One Christinas ' EXPONENT -1 c 