WOMAN'S The ' rpost;- le in Th.it which the vaunting, vain, voluptuous sweet-scente- those " lay, ; .. like a day dream dimly flows'' d The soft, lilies, say. "Still e'er of lingering love each blossom talks, And tells he holds thee fairer than the snows. Untouched by human foot, where no man walks, He sends thee joy with every breeze that blows, And constantly with thee his fond heart goes; His thoughts are all' for thee at dawn of day. o'er-the- sweet-Seeme- e, Until the sinking sun portends Us close," The snow-whit- e, soft, sweet'scented lilies say L'envok s - - "GenevIeve Lucili; Browne:' THE BALANCE OF LIFE. fear . . - . to-morr- ow to-da- y; And. if from x road, of the rugged ' -- mf'l picked the north tree, to ' .. that lien hid made for fimmie. nut under You're a were-- Hem r,n-- Finally .the tree was "finished, the dolls dressed and set in-- , the' tree, the little cart hand and sticking Out of every ''How. quick you the lnrwrt trump, and did you YesI'll bet you did; it and they were ready to fill the stockings. boys' at the frisky age of sixteen always do "This is the best time of all. Hand me forget,' and I wanted that pink mull for that little yellow apple it will just fit in the Grace's doll dress." "O! Dear! What . toe of Gracies stocking," said Dorathy. -hall--wedo?" Cried Dor'thy, "0! Let's play a joke on Jim It will be apparently x in great trouble. .such fun," said kri. Poor Ben had to stand it all", but when "All. right, What shall it be?" answered. belaid the bundles down' and began to open Dor ' thy, - "Well, I'll you hand me" the with from assurance of her mother that little piece them, candy and that roll of that she would. Find something in her trunk paper and some thread. Now you see "for the dress, Dorathy recovered herself and we'll wrap it up and tie it in a kn6tand came to join in the This was keep doing that till we get a big bundle; the first Christmas she had been allowed to then he'll think he's irot something great stay up arid play Santa Claus, so slie was and keep thinking he will get the last paper very anxious to see how everything was off and then find its only a piece of candy, " done. answered Ben. Ben see if your father run out and "Now "Ha! Ha! That's the best joke of the is. coming. He went up. the mountains, season, won't it be fun," cried Dor'thy; a ways to get a tree Its about time he Ihe stockings were hung in their places was here. A"s you come back bring that again, a last look taken at the most lovely of tree and they dispersed for the night. But basket of apples and some popcorn-ou- t that sack on the top shelf in the cellar. Dor'thy did iiot go to sleep, she waited unall were asleep, then crept We. must just fly around here if we get til through in time to be in bed when the in where the ;ifee was and placed three children wake. Dorathy, put the molasses bundles o". it. The first had. written on in . on and don't let it burn." Thus Mrs. larce letters "Mother" and contained two Parr- - gave her ordersand all were set to hemstitched handkerchiefs, all her own work" in goad ernest. work, the next was a slipper case for "Father," and the other a. pair of mittens "Isn't my candy getting white" proudly for "Brother Ben". ejaculated Dorathy as she pulled it with all They were small presents indeed but, her might. "Yes, and aint I getting a lot love. I think" they were 'of. white popcorn. There, that's enough given with soas much much as anything could have appreciated stretching", pull.it out thin and make it into canes aud hurry up so you can help me been. Dor'thy crawled into her cosy bed thinkthread the corn and cranberries. I got enjoy Christmas very some in town. Won't they look jolly on ing, "Well, I used-tm uch -t h i n ki n g o f th e "good t h ing s the tree though?" said Be n . Santa Claus would briug me, but these Dorathy moulded her candy, ran out and ilia Vi.Ck. Tx.. .. At.nr i'rnntif I r . and cool to started. on bench on it the put the corn. While Mrs. Parry was very that which will give happiness to others." JZ7HTS ss 7 011 thirirew-dreJbiisy52.wing-the-last-lutt- on she had made for Jane, and' making MRS. STANTON'S the doll dress for Grade's baby. ST. GEORGE. as Mn "How lovelv!" cried all Pursuant to the request of Miss Parry brought the Christmas tree in. "Yes, its the finest one I ever saw. Wont my Anthony that all Suffrage Associations ob- darlings be haopy in !the morning when, serve the eightieth birthday of Elizabeth Cady Stanton in some appropriate manner. they see how good Santa has been to them, Co. WoimiTi's Suffrage answered he. "The tree was set in" the middle of the Association resolved to add their mite tofloor and all began trimming it. . "I'll start ward the general move in.that direction. Committees were appointed, and a generat the top and you, Dorathy, at the bottom to put the coin and cranberries on, don't al invitation issued to all the people in the above the age of seventeen years. pull it too tight there that's fine" said vicinity Ben. "Wont itbecrumpious." ; Clark's Hall was secured and tastefully dec"Yes, that's nice" said their mother. orated with draperies, pictures, evergreens, At the head of the ."You two would make a capital Santa' andt chrysanthemums. ti. i '.I. Claus, you do it so quickly, mat s right nau, a large print vi .uis. oiaiuon, iramea in all your walks of life,, ' what you' do, do in chrysanthemums, attracted universal don't spend too much time at it. tention. President Lavinia Woolley opened the They are in Don't forget the curly-cuethe bottom of the cupboard. Tie them evening's entertainment with a short speech with thread around on the tree and put lots ot welcome and greeting to tne immense nf anoles on. both red and yellow. They throngof people who hadgaUdbyJ. pa Mrs Jennie Hardy read an original and make it look so nice. I can remember" when I was a little girl how proud I felt very complete sketch of. ..Mrs. Stanton's life when I found a big red apple in the toe of up to the present time. A fine program of character and costume songs, suffrage" my stocking, for they; were very scarce where we lived. Your children should be songs, recitations, etc. interspersed with en- dancing, followed. This was kept up until very thankful for all the blessings you for together they a late hour, when all dispersed feeling that joy." And so they were a feast of good things: answered, "We are - with such a good they had enjoyed and feeling better acquainted with, the ven-- , mother and father." erable lady whose name has become a "Put the canes on. They wont need national than ever. before. Cactus. any strings and Ben bring methosewal-- -s- . -tell sight-seein- g. , - -- ; ht - -- . no more the coming years What they may bring. Days will be sunless, night bereft of stars; . Mayhap the brightest blossoms of the spring Shall first be bound with winter's icy bars. But still beyond the cloud is always light, The stars are in the sky all night, And deepest snows are they which hide the bright Green heart of spring. Not all of life is dreamed away In summer skies Time holds a loss, a loneliness for me, But Hope is strong, and Faith dare, not be weak, And Love abides, the greatest of'.the threes will repay Enough if .sweet -The disappointment of Light follows dark; sun, rain; seas ebb away Again to rise. .... I . &xvrr''4Ait there ' she-thoug- "Oh lady, heed! where this lovely lily grows A heart-iwaitinghas for many a .day For answer from thee, tdj the words he knows," soft, jwe6t scented lilies say. J"he snow-whit- e, Vi:.i each ' . That sent. us but our mystic music throws love's dangerous Aout mumuring.row'f thee, ' ' " ' show-whit- dnoT'rnprn&t-and- xx,ktt. ro- - Could never to thy senses h.df cimvey; .Vmessage that with 'gentle gladness glows!" d The snuw ,white, soft, .lilies say. : 'Kach flower the flaming fire of passion mocks, And bids thy hot hands, tremblintounclose, - Nor long to quiver in "repeated locks .. And clasps, which but so increase desire, with That , So m e one wzs heard at. 'the door, stamp huts fro;:i'lhr-iloy.V.lhdr feet as if shaking" tht sti'j-.v- . orL.:" oL with 5n;-'?;tf- tf Heboid us drooping orr our bULely sulk flower of grace in raprurctiV --Fi- KXPONKNT life- Doth wind around The Mountain side where heavy clouds hang low. And, as I climb the pilgrim staff be'ehanged Into a cross, still onward wouia i goi The peaks of only highest mountains rise Above the clouds to bluest skies, And round the heaviest cross is hung the prize, The brightest crown. o --a- ll- r- T " BIR-THDAY- at-on- IN . ce - , j j j -Washrngtou ' - 1 . 1 L H L . 1 at-rcrb- ut : , 1 AN EVENI IN THE COUNTRY s. ; log on the grate, Dor'thy,' and draw the stockings back a bit so they won't burn. Its cold outside and. time for "Santa to becrm his work." said Mrs. Parry, the mother of five children, one cold Christmas Eve. They lived in a little log cabin, just outside a small country town and, though they had very little money, they were happy as happy could be for what they had was all their own. Each, loved the others dearly and all were willing to do anything in their power, to make the others happy. ' "Put another . j . - by-wor- d, . 