Si A K'S XiX i N KN T V Rutshe has pU ed in important mit in the wotlvt 5 history rice .shiaiu.et--aiK- l ;ttt ies 1 m pot taiice may be considered her .sister the woman 'ournilTsr dn the heirimiinu. oLwoWiiVJil to remain ;w ith Trite those vvercv md shone alt the brighter hr .1 vkCic lew? xYcrr.sn" w 1K cared t o ttitii siixav iiieraiure ana science as laev uwu our there are hrevcry community bright intel wnose conversation ligent women ,.would I . , k lost aeirga uui-- ; a ni I'titefUin "Lie nowadays'. -- . v" Hs.lriwtMrclnldren npyv 7 -- :'-;- -- -- - colonial times who were engaged in print nt wsputHrs. Mrs, JIol tu .uul ... low ay speaking- of them says "Many have . . . . 1. t msscut rusioncai reeorur ouiojr uie sevemv Slit. news papers published in the colonics . . - -- : 1 . . . 4 - - ; v - 1 1 ' and of tha patriots.. .So, as usual,, we fit uT woman on the right side, Ntrs. Sarah josepha IIa.le, born iii New commenced at an early Hampshire age to t. contribute to dilTerent magazines. A little later, an(l while still a young woman, she took charge of GoJej's Ladies Magazine, and thus become the first ? - was dubbed tiwtras;tr:vYXiK? '' As compareil , with the ''bluestocking. "peti,. the nfe,dk:was considered of .the days and jead topics .'with them occasionally some fine literary fitting emblem of woman's industry. efforts would they seek so mtich amuseIn striking contrast to those days, howment away from home, or rather would they ever, is the present time,'1 when the man or-- woman,- - is supposed to love to be there and carry' with them into America to edit a magaine. other homes an atmosphere of rerm.ement reflect credit on his relatives and friends. . Thirty-fivyears ago there were but few and culture. Conversation as an art we Although one writer says literature is one read about in hooks we seldom run across avocation that has never closed its doors to women to be fouud in newspaper ofSces, it in life, people' are too busy to discuss women, there are several great writers of the among the first of these leing Margaret questions now, unless they dp so publicly earlier time who chose to conceal their Fuller, who was so long associated with ot a man;' for the money, or the fame it brings, and ; Ha race Greeley on the New York Tribune. identy by using the nomde plume . Margaret Fuller is said to have, possessed very often if in a small party, cards or a as, George Eliot, George Sand, Gail Hamilprepared program are. not available gossip ton, etc. They did this "because they an education" of superior excellence, and in takes the place, and that, while entertaining , wished an unbiased judgment as artists. " that way to have better equipment than any at the moment often goes too far and causes But since theu.theworld having grown more who had as yet entered the literary field. unpleasant feelings. If one only knew liberal with its greater enlightenment,it is no She is exceptional, too, in this fact; she did just how much to say and kept strictly to difficult matter to find critics and editors in not, as did ma'ny of her cotemporaries, ac-the trtith why no objection could be made to plenty w'iio pass equally fair judgment on cording to one critic, "work her passage into literature by first compiling u cookery women and on men. gossip but who is there, who so wise?- I book." She worked .with high purpose, that conversation is a lost art There are women engaged in journalism found occasionally in obscure places. in all parts of the - civilized" world; Far off and, her great cry was for a broader and ' Lkto-- k writing With the exception Australia had, at the organization in 1S87, more generous culture for girls. of some young man on foreign travel or the two ofllcersin the International Press AssoFanny Feru (Sarah Peyton Willis) sister youth enjoying his first college year who - ciation, Mrs. Augusta Chadz of Melboyrne, ofvNathauiel P. Willis, commenced her What would writes real letters no Mrs. E. J. Bocock of Queensland and both literary career when about forty years of be the use with the telegraph aii4 the teleof that society. The other age. She probably did not realize that she phone' and the type writer one can hear officers were residents of England and possessed literary talent," for beiiig left a widow, with two children to support, she easily, if all is. not well with one's friends America, the "president, Mrs. Eliza J. Not succeeding with out spending so much time and ink Nicholson being a resident of New Orleansr- - attempted in that, she wrote a few sketches as a ven-and paper, writing long letters. And yet In Saxony Louise Qtto edited and. pubwhat a delight nice letter from an absent lished for four years a journal which gave tureand sent to Robert Bonnerfc editor of, trieid' is, how as one reads parted' souls all the news concerning woman's rights. .thesAVzc York Lodger. They were pub?eetn to commune one with another, it is Later, she worked in connection' with lished, attracted mucii attention, and were friend a almost like being, with to' have him Auguste Schmidt, in editing a small jour- - widely copied. The result was an im -- send a letter. Better some times than conual called New Ways, This was published mediate and lucrative engagement, Which for will write one words and by the Universal German AVoman's Union, lasted until her death, to write exclusively versation, to fear face to tell when She was educated in the face; an organization designed .to provide homes forthe Z?6'-thoughts they aiid oftentimes the heart out pours its tenschool of for pour girls and orphans, and. train them Catharine and Harriet Beecher. der feelings in flowing language, that the into habits of usefulness. r Grace Greenwood was a popular writer voice would tremble and. hesitate to utter. In England, some of the women who who contributed to the New York .Mirror But it takes Uo much time to write letters have Written books are known the world wwilVaslihixhjL Eta. Later she edited a now and is not necessary so long as one over. Of the personality of their news- - children's paper, "The 'kit fie llzrlin can hear and kuow .one's friends state of paper and magazine writers Iknow but- t nongrrnc w over eiguty years 01 age, so that sweet excha"geoJtyughts ljittler health, she read a" paper at the National Council of and feelingorrisratmost done away with. L Women in Washington, last' I'ebruary; and. that there, as here, there are women enCannon. Annik Wells heard her says, it was full of wit-- '' gaged injjditorial and reportorial work. FranceTias produced a number, of bright ticisms and kept her audience in constant " literary vvomeu. Napoleon said of Madam f good humor. WOMIvX IX JOURNALISM. De. Stael, "Her arrows would hit a man if Jennie June became so popular as a conhewere seated on a rainbow." tributor to some of the, leading magazines-Lan- d Siucc the day when Miriam wrote and "When we come to American women iiL, jxipersrthat herTmenJeauTea house-- ! sang in the classic laud of. the Nile, there journalism,:, there is scarcely a" reader of bur hold word... "She is bright and witty, and have been .women with - hearts full of songT" liewspapers and magazines who cannot call the originator of a certain style of news-- : and with souls delicately, attuned silent to mind a host of. bright, witty, and wise She is also the "paper. corresjondence. women. Mrs. ' poets, perhaps, but ' oftimes silent: only beLaura Hollo pen way, founder of Sorcsis, an important organ iza-- ; cause t he ste 1 n ty ra n t liecessi ty bade them herself a welbknown newspaper woman, tion and the first of women's clubs. Of toil, not sing. and for years on the editorial staff of the course, these alliterative names are but the When women first commenced to Write Brooklyn Daily Eagle, says, ' ' There never pseudonyms of the writers. they did not think of doing so for pay, but was a time since newspapers were made that j There is such an army, of gifted pen wobeing impelled from some force within, women were not at work upon them men of the" past and present time, that We have account of the widow of James they thus occupied their spare moments. to name them, even if one could, There is one writer "who says in colonial Franklin of Rhode Island, (he being an simply would be a task of magnitude. times the professional literarv woman was older brother of Benjamin Franklin) who The pecuniary compensation of good The verses . of Mrs. Anne nearly1 half a century before the unknown. Revolution writers is an item not to be overlooked. Bradstreet, called in flattery the' 'tenth muse-we- re continued", after the death of her husban:', Edward W. Bok, editor of the Ladies ''the fruit but of some few hours the publication of the newspaper Home formerly Journal saysFor every man . who curtailed from sleepand other refreshments. " conducted by him." And even when he makes a good living by the pen there aie Mrs. Mary Warren, who left voluminous had charge of the his wife had almost two women, Mrs. Isabel business, Mellon records . of the Revolution never sought been of great assistance to him. ' the j "Bab' has an income larger to gain a livelihood by her pen. . She wrote In 772 Clementine Reid printed and thansprightly the editor of a many bigdaily." her tragedies for amusement in the. solitary-houredited the Virginia Gazette, and it was the Mary Mapes Dodge gets au income from " when her friends Were abroad." first paper in the United States to publish her publishers that many a man would be An authority says that 'is only about a the Declaration of Independence to earn, Lillie Hamilton French hundred .years since the literary 'woman i riere were numerous other women of proud a comfortable flat in New York and keeps in-1.79- the,-mor- e and-question- t . .- success-fulwrite- r, wo-mafi.i- n , e -- -- ' : j ' ! I - . . i I , still-asser- t j i - : ; s I vice-presiden- ts - school-teaching- . .- 1 : :; r . ; - i . ATM 1 -- -- . . :. one-wh- o ' ' - ; " 1 : . . C . ; ; ". 1 ; : - -- -- . ; 1 s ; : r ' 