'','-- ' ' ' ' ' i ' ' ' . 0l:A:S -- f ' , . " . db,,rrtAxt:pW&Z?Cs Rights of the - : twvWt" e . ALT LAKK. CITY; UTAH. JULY rfX - -- r un J atto?is. 15, 1895. No. 4. .1: LON TKN TS: Hry.-m- '."UK I. V. 1 the Poet Lawk-r- . In Rural' Lug- Mrs. li. W. U. vsenjer's 1i.oerns C L S. Wilcox. Our Little P.'mer M. MTrs K. What is Our Position Tod.sy Zioh's Convert.. Miss Anthony and Miss .Shaw." Mrs. Dis en November? ' Paul or Christ Ullie E. B trr. -'- Son v nets on the Virgin Mary R- by Lamont. Golden '' : ijdiS E. R. S. - ; : v LiHie the-on- e " - :- . Poetry: - PAUL OR CHRIST. ' , ? -- 'any external mold,' and which is trait in genius of any kind, he had sincerity. What he saw. he saw with .his owneyes. what he he spake with Ins own lips. Wm.CullenBryautflvas boni at Gumming, Bryant byjspake merely being natural and sincere ton',. Massachusetts. on Nov. 3rd,. 1794, and was instantly recognized belonging to; djed June 12th, 1878, He was our earliest one of whose every childrenjs ' grelit poet and Thanatopsis one pf his.earli-es- t athat.liueage, King. But when we call Bryant our poems. The story of his entrauce into literature earliest. poet and Thanafopsis our earliest ' poem, we ' must not supjpose that, both had cannot be too often told. His father was not had many, ineffectual predecessors. a genial fairly cultivated, country doctor; ' Versifiers like gowns flourish for a time his mother, Sarah Snell, an indefatigable and are then forgotten in favor of a later housewife with Yankee common sense and Puritan principles. William fashion? Bryant being asked in 1818 to ' write an article on American poetry for the Cullen was precocious; both parents en- American Review, complied, and.'i among couraged his aptitude for verse making. In the many names of poets mentioned in his rSio he entered the Sophomore class of article the works of not one of them are William's CoHege and spent a year there. read today. All these volumes belong to He hoped to pass from William's to Vale fossil literature, tliat may be dug up and where he looked for more advanced instudied for the light it may throw on the structions, but his father's meansT did not customs of a time, or its own intellectual de- permit and instead of finishing his. course at velopment,, but which so far as its own. vi- WilHam's he went into a country lawyers ' Just tality- is eoncernecUias passed away beyond office and fitted himself for the bar at the of moment in the autumn indecision, Almost coeval with hope of resuscitation. American Independence itself was the no- of 8 Byrant wrote Thanatopsis. Contrary tion that there ought to be an Independent to his custom, lie did not show it 'to his American literature. - The revolution had father but laid it away with other papers in resulted in the formation of a republic new a drawer. Six years later his father, Dr. in pattern, in opportunities, in ideals; a re Bryant, found. that and the "Waterfowl." public which having broken forever with He sent them to Boston and they appeared 8 7. The the political system of Britain would gladly in the Review have been freed from all obligations, includ- - young poet having completed his law and aesthetic" obligations to studies was practicing law at Great Barring-tounconscious of the fame about to deher. We hardly realize how acute was the sensitiveness of our on scend upon him; the best judges agreeing this point. The satisfaction they took in at last that a bit of genuine American .literrecalling the victories of "Bennington aud ature was before them, and the uncritical Yorklown vanished when they were re- - but a ppreciati vefroui minlHters .minded,:andlhere-vasTalwayssom- e candid ThILdr e iT7read7 lea r n ed , admired and quoted foreigner at hand to remind them that a na- the grave sonorous lines. Thanatopsis is Thanatos, tion's real greatness is measured not by the composed of two Greek words, " view-and a vision size of its crops, nor by its millions of meaning death, opsis of death, v A strange corner stone for square miles of surface, nor even by its literature of the nation which had ability to whip King George the. Ill, only lately sprung into life, a nation con: armies but bjrf its contributionsto philos-- i scious as no other had been of its.exubeiuiL ophy, to literature, to art, to religion; i ' ' What have tyrof-- i tsbonnd less material resou rces, -youJshojwin tlese4 iites?- - jvita e imagine tne' candid foreigner to have of its expausiveness and invincible will. been perpetually asking, and the patriotic Yet neither the glory achieved nor the amAmerican to have winced as he had to re- bition cherished fired the imagination of the youthful poet. He looked upon the earth ply "nothing." it but a vast grave. He looked The Hebrew Patriarchs, whose faith and saw upon men and believed not their high at Jehovah tested by denying them children taiuments iiQr the great deeds which herald until their wives were, aged, were not less troubled at the postponement of their dear- human story but their transcience, their mortality. Nothing' in life could so awe est wishes than were these eager watchers him as the majestic mystery of death. A for the ad ven txof American genius. Lone hundred Tears have elapsed since his birth;; before Bryant's little volume was published three generations have known . his works. in 1S21, those vvatchershad begun to specHis poetry lives today' and .the qualities ' ulate as to the sort of work in which that which have vitalized it for three quarters of genius would manifest itself and there was a century show no sighs of decayiThere.is conjured up, that bogy The -- American 110 doubt as to the veracity of his pictures, Spirit which has flitted up and. down and the moral tone which pervades them ; is through our college lecture rooms v and of a kind men will not soon outgrow. As ; fluttered the mind of immature critics ever editor of N. Y. Evening Post, his editorials since. Consequently they did not ask "Is were always full of dignity. He elevated it excellent?'; but has it the American the level BT the American newspaper. He spirit? Bryant hi niselfm list consciously or was never a critic either of men or snarling have, been subjected to of unconsciously measures, and there was in the office of those influences, for who can escape breaththe paper a list of words and phrases not aling the .common atmosphere? But he had lowed in its pages. . ' .within-hi,that which is more potent than - ; Eni roKiAL: Shall Women Vote Old Folks Annual Excursion. T H I PO'fvT; a-- s Kansas. The Evolution of Suffrage-ElliWttelle Dietrick. Relit f Society Organized V. Major Notes and News.; Mrs. Home's Visit ' Id.iho L. M. Hart. " ,f, R Y A NT 11 - " ' ' :. Ilcitr. deep-graine- d -- 1 suffer not that any woman teach, V Or bear the message of the Lord's good will; Let her keep silence she bath no call to'preach- '.'Tishers to learn and modestly sit still Thus the Apostle. Yet the risen Lord,' ailing beside the For messenger to send with His first word Unto the church within that upper room, Chose bjit a wotnan-wita loving, heart fair her leet with thoseglad tidings shod) (Oh! ti! am atisen. and I now . depart And go unto our Father and our God.' Did Christ make some mistake, that, first by her TheTTutTfand light of resurrection shone? He Mary chose to be his messenger; Would Paul have sent St. Peter or St. John? ''Sew York Independent. newly-brukeiiiom- b . h for-Septem- " n great-grandfathe- Among the vestal virgins of the. courts " the-poeti- . 1 . high-arche- - Sip-mo- ves - "' get'tle maiden! when thy lovely boy ' tLs laid withinTTiirie amis, the tender voice Of thy sweet infant bade thine heart rejoice, Low must dark grief have mingled with thy joy. i 'H gold of gUdness had its dark alloy! ' io.v must thine heart have shrunk from sorrow's "-- :y" "C:T' hour! r- Vss not rejected, scorned, the prophet's cry? He not fall beneath th' oppressor's power? Vitljin the depths of those r)ure, heart full eyes,. f'i Love and wonder bent upon thy child, ((,,r.nin2 shadow.of the fu ure lies. l fate; thine heart must yieid, sweet mother, Vv ;- - -7 -i-t . " -- mild; r: , h deeper than the sad : - 4 ' , world knows, d darker e'en than others are thy woes! '. X rl a hnhe'gTandTemp'e'tMafy moved, the peer, In beauty and in holiness sincere; Most frequent to the altar she jesorts, And in her pure devotion, born of trust And more than common faith her soul aspires To win the.glorious heights where .spirits just A'liriie and. perfect,-i- n tm?ndi ng TTfel 0i glory, dwell with God. Her d brows, IV: died o'er x with all eyes spirit aglow,' Br speak her depth of soul; 'mid angel vows in meekness; her sweet voice is low AVah thougut and kindness; the pure law of God, Hr-- r brightest joy; its high, pure path .she trod. Pa,(1 rs to--scho- SONNETS ON THE. VIRGIN MARY; , 1 1 ber 'r . 1 1 1 :,.:.. Ruby Lamont. - . 