The i '1 Rkhh vf JhrWomen ' x---..- 'o atl Nations. C3 . "" SAIraiCIi ' ' CONTENTS: (V: ':f f,.--"- ? V- Convention And Woman Suffrage. Uirthday . AnniversaryAlice M. T. Tanner; Ladies' Sefrii-- t . ... mpnthly Meeting yilate Young. R. R, Reports. .A Few Thoughts. ' Resolutions Passed At .The National' Council cf Vomen." O'bifuaries. In Memoriam.; The Woman's Bible" . . ' . 1 V--'"- ' --- GITY, UTAH ' - APRIL u Q CONVKNTION AXJ) WOMAN ; j SUFFRAGE. " , call No. 17; oOk'ial representatives of the great women orgauizauoiis 'of Utah, numbering in membership over 35,000, viz" The Utah Suffrage Association.u'xiliarv' to the National Amei ican .Womaii' k; Suffrage te' ag-grega- t" for a convention of the Utah Woman Suffrage Associrion -- vak"; issued about the middle of March and telegrams and letters sent out to notify those living at a distance from' headquarters, who would wish to attend, aud. on the i 8th of March the Utah, Territorial W.' S. A. held convention in the Probate Court room of the City and County building. Delegates were present from several counties and the Terri torial Tresident was elected, chairman rt)f the -- vice. nresidents verf Mrs. F;: S.';: Richards and Mrs. C. W. Bennett, Mrs. Nellie M. Little, Secretary and Mrs.. Augusta W. Grant, Assistant Secretary, Mrs. Ziha D. H. VdungrChap-- . lain. After Mrs. Young had offered prayer and thecal had been read, Mfi? Richards moved that thr president appdfnt a committee on Memorial to draft a suitable document to present Uo the Coilstittttional Convention then in session." 4 The President Mrs. Wells appointed - Mrs. Richards Chair-- " man. Mrs C W. Bennett, Mrs.' G. S. Carlton, Mrs, jr S,v Gilmerr Mrs- Zina D.. II. Young, Dr. Romania . B. Pratt, Mrs. Phebe Y Beatie, Mrs. Amelia K. Youny, Dr. M. Hughes Cannon, Mrs. C. E. Allen, Mrs. Hmma NlcVicker, Mrs. Ruth M. Fox, Mrs.' Priseilla Jennings, Mrs J.'L). Pardee Mrs. Parsons. The committee re tired five minutes, and while they were out speeches were made by county presidents or . their representatives; Dr. Klkn B. hVrguson Salt ake County, Lucy A. Clark Farmington who read an original paper on the subject, displaying a great deal of talent and dearly setting forth her arguments. Mrs. Hannah; Lapish, American - Fork, Mrs. Jennie Nelson, Ogden, Mrs. M. A. Cx rover, Nephi, Mrs. Celia E. Bean, Richfield, Mrs, Alvira L. . Cox. Manti, represented counties. Mrs. M. Isabella Home a veteran pioneer and mother in Israel spoke briefly; Mrs. Jaue S. RichardsoOgden- of the National "an Honorary American W. S. A. also made a few forcible remarks, also Mrs. Mary A. Freeze, Mrs. Kate Hilliard of Ogden, and Mrs. Joanna Melton of this city, Mrs. Aurelia S. Rogers, Farmington, and Mrs. Ellen S. Clavvson Salt Lake and perhaps one or two more. The- committee returned, the chairman read the memorial, which on motion was adopted and signed and no other 'business being presented the convention ' adjourned sine die. In the aftemoou many of the ladies went Con- - ' into the hall where the Constitutional .'. t . b. Rich vention was in ession.--Honr ards a member of the Convention presented the memorialrt was read by the Secre- tary and ' referred to the committee on Elections and Suffrage. Ac J . Association, the National Woman's Relief Society, atul the Young Ladies! Rational Mutual Improvemeht . Association; th,se 'Editorial: Notes.- Woman Suffrage. thousands of womeir standing in'ageneral Miss, Anthony and Party. The National Council. way, or in virtue "of direct official relation--ship- , IkJKTRY: In Loving Remembrance Lydia I). as pur ';coiistituenti. we..' Alaer. k Missionary's Family: Annie Kay orialists speak in 'their names an4 in .be--- .' Hardy. half of the women of Utah herewith present the woman's cause - , It is 'matter o congratulation thdt lu ' these toVlNGKMEMBRANCE, ' closing years of the nineteenth cenx of ... V. ;'V.; . 7 the cause. of woman can, without the tur' ' Little marc; a ret. stigma ; of r partisa tish ip. be laid before a Dedicated tonyxhildren George and Dean.) body of ch oseir men ordained to the work of creating a new so'vereigntyi withinthe-galax- y ': O '"V happy singing little voice of states; as an equal member of the Forever stilled :in earthly home; indissoluble Unioi. The men of Utah, in Tlie restless, pattering, eager feet their respective, political j)arties, have with; . O'er its portals now have gone, equal unanimity, said that, women shall be To never more return again " accorded equal righ ts , and - prilegesT Till Christ the Loid is come. citizenship, that sex distinction shall no The thoughtful, lustrous eyes of brown, longer be a ban and a bar to equal opporAre closed away from scenes of earth; tunity .with men. to exercise the " The dainty form Is laid so low, powers and capabilities with which women Where ne'er is heard the sound of mirth; are endowed for purposes of equal But waits the" call of Christ the Lfcrrd and equal enjoyment of the When He shall come earth. to y inalienable rights of life, liberty 'and the pursuit of happiness.' We take it that the O, loved ones do not mourn as those men of Utah have spoken honestly, Who never heard the Gospel sound; Your precious darling.has passed through, sincerely aiid cduscientiously as true men to that equally large number of citizens who ' The "Golden Gates'.' to Heaven now disfranchised, vlio are now are those have gone who love Jier well of authority to speak a word or cast y. And flowers immortal she has found. a vote in the framing-o- f an organic law Earthly flowers a re born to fade, which dcterniiues their tersonal and prop ToJallTCLdut-an- d passawayy erty rights, their civil and political status But Love will last beyond the grave, in the social organism. r More glorious grow and ne'er decay. We are glad to pel assured that our For Christ, the Lord,. shall come and say, brothers Tare dealing honestly and "Arise! It is the Resurrection Day.'1 righteously with us, and that they will ordain truth and justice in the name of God Then perfect love our eyes will see, and Nor fear, nor blight will make us sigh;" humanity. And we are h a pp too, i titheFor now all griefs have passed away, ljelief"thaHlfesem:errures made by the men of Utah are m line with the onward The .Saviour wipes each streaming eye; march of civilization, that the bow of And low. He speaks to every heart, "Fear not, for here the loved ones never die." promise is rising higher and brighter in the heaven of human hope, that with the ele0, Land Immortal, where flowers bloom, vation and emancipation of women "the ' That never fade, by the North wind's breath; plans of God are ripening with the process Where parted loved ones meet again, of, the suns." And we say to you that we To never more be rent by Death; contemplate no rival; sovereignty, no sphere Where isthy bounds, where thy rising towers, peculiar and apart, no conflicting regime or T Where where thy rosy thy babbling brooks, antagonistic legislation, no hostile policy or bowers? divided counsels. No, the woman moveBe still fond hearts! Ye tears be still! ment means only true human progress. It means higher and truer : harmonv. more The Lord thy God, still cares for thee;' O, wait in patience for the day genuine and enlightened fellowship, more real more vital and perpetual When you shall His salvation see; union7r The key and clue to all true proThe beauteous Land will come in sight, And life and love eternal be. the Infinite gress is the larger harmony-tha- t Spirit is breathing into the rising grandeur "Good-bye- " sweet Margaret, for a little while, of human development. . The flowers' you love, how bloom for aye; As Constitution makers, as framers ol TO THE HONORABLE I'KESI DEMAND Keep some for Mama and Papa too, the chart that shall guide us in what we ' That you gather through the golden day; OF THE CONSTITUTIONAL CON-- " hope to be along and prosperous future, And bring them down to the now dim shore, )V UTAH: VENTION you will cherish in your deliberations a When they too, pass over The Way." We your petitioners and niemoralists, sacred regard for the. principles of liberty, Lydia D. Aldkr. representing the great majority of the w o- for those undying axioms that have been Feb. 14, 1895. men of Utah, and more particularly as the laid at the foundations of our Temple of . . . . . yOur;-.'rjieiii- - - -th- : X--- IN in . ' ; ; . ; e-meetinr ... -' 1 of " God-give- n - - - ' ' . , bound-Wher- r1 ' e self-governme- nt . (Je-priv- ed I I r b 1 T" .". ;.'-"- ' Vice-Preside- . -- nt -- - , t ? . ; -s- i ' ! : : . . co-operati- y . . t MEM-BKK- S . " . - . ' 