her, asked ,Jhmv. she eoukr eTid so min from home and leave her children " uiai s tic Had iy ctireiMuui Ksrn who are 'not naturalized, should .see to :.bne repnea ,V:v-- '. ii.'-itiw.i--fv t: ....t... n' tluv - m.iid- with- her. it ihii' ltrHnu&i'--iv. iK uiu iuiuu iauuii .m.twap.. .V. N.''nou slices these matteis" should be taken, ! tmdrdv!aiaAUwutneauidn.Ljine : vp n v if ifu ifr iwi seul.,,1 lhed 1 '.'S?.'- . L vU'"l "f-'-'-- r one t p-- r . meisth. $3 00. f' " A liberal . r7 ;.SAtT. M Kr-i,,- 1 ttVLLiA .a Ahrr" u,' as VirWfc mkuh mivw 1 and 15, tW, ... . ,At ..v., i' . in.-asalr- W' t j 1S95. i j ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION: x 12, has reached fourscure years in the scale of time, but in the scale of progression who can fathom the heights she has attained. Looking backward over her long and cv;nt-- ' ful and extraordinary life, what wonderful lessons may be learned from it. Her birthday was observed in . many places in sone way calculated to do honor to the woman and the catise she represents. As yet but only the dispatches sent out by the associat'--" ed press have reached here, of what was done in New York at the celebration on the 1 2th of November. The ente rta i u ni e 1 "Was 1 n th e M e t ropol i tan Opera House, and was in the hands of a very efficient Committee and under the auspices of the National Council of Women of the United States. Mrs, Stanton was born in Johnstown, New York. Her fatherr TimVe Daniel and7 it is said, the oldest Judge who ever sat on an American bench, resigning at the age of 84 years. Her mother also comes of a celebrated family, her father was Col. Janies Living- bion, wnonreuiniome vunure, wmcn sent the British vessel down theriver and caused Andre's capture by our men. -- -- 11 in the home papers. - Mrs. Stanton's whole life is a forcible argument in favor of equal suffrage, though Mrs. .Stanton lias been such - MO RHY-Y-Iv 'mn. As- - co-work- i.nv-ii- u l i Mrsnton Rf HDr R Served With .i.t dinnpr in Vrrpimrwith their proverbial hospitality, Mrs Stevenson is a very gracious hostess and always entertains generously. The indulged in during the early part of the evening with congratulations to the host and hostess, the greetings to each in turn as new arrivals were ushered in, was quite enjoyable and after dinner Brother Stevenson called upon some of those pres-- j ent to say a few wprds,Y and such occasions ; call for expression's of sentiment from old time Inends. President Angus M. Cannon made congratulatory remarks, alluded to h is - iat ' ' i" J long acquaintance with the family and the Sister integrity and zeal . of-Brothe- aim aoie r-and- the topics of the times. Mrs. E. B. Wells . .. tntrl suiucic eoiiirraLUiaiionsaim-ic" lerred to the manv Dleasant nathenn.s there, when those who had since passed be- hind the vail had been present witlr words of good cheer and encouragement. President Joseph F. Smith expVessed his a -- in- - vited a party of friends to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of their marriage at their residence in this city on Monday, October was a very pleasant affair,, 28,1895. rl ih miPdc frf, m,;ir Trf If I er. has ever been a model . is certain some course to inform all u n0TISekeeper, a devoted wife and mother, a so far as possible should be considered by. . illustration of this is jnv en in a little women 111 all voting precincts. Without' g0od circumstance which, in Albany ur par iues out in .all whetl some women happened P who were opposed tr - RS-MA- -' - j A Mr. and Mus. Edward Stevenson i Mutrrhe- - venerable Quaker, called the first "Woman's Rights Convention" ever known; it met at Seneca Falls, New York, July 19th and 20th, 1848. A day which will be ever memorable in the history of the country, for it has brought about such changed conditions to women and in public sentiment and affairs, as no other meeting , since the days of the . Declaration of Independence. ilrs. tan ton s labors for half a centiiry can scarcely be esti mated , but the results of that labor upon the world will never be obliterated, it is an immortal tribute to her and to the women who have partici Dated a de- home-keepe- -- tia Al- r it is idjJtJvould voted probably take an entire column to give the mere list of the societies she had joined, encouraged or aided,, the., movements and or-- . ganizations, which, she has Created or generaled."- ed Irstiuitou-wilhvUCTe- . -- -- (dj-T-wsdistiiiguisTi- '95," on the padlock, and o;i the'plite "Presented by Utah women." Both the National Woman's Relief Society and the Young Ladies' National Mutual Improvement Association contributed their proportion to the Council, towards the expenses of the entertainment. No doubt the report from Brother and bister Richards will reach bait Lake before long and full particulars will be published This great stateswoman (Mrs. Stanton) -- sedation, or some other works are used, it ; j and that means a large majority for equal suffrage. This is a matter of rejoicing for all women everywhere' who have the adr vancement of the world of mankind at heart. The third free state for which another star will be placed in the woman's flag, and the forty fifth star in the flag dear to every patriot and recognized as the flag of liberty throughout the .world. It is a singular thing that the' west, the intermountain states should lead in the matter of equal, suffrage, which in itself means progression, the Hast hangs back and clings more closely to all old forms and traditions, while the great broad magnificent West, reaches outward and upward for larger growth, and greater enterprise; tak-. ing in the newerelemehts without fear of disaster and conserving all the vitality by new methods, to produce stronger and wider breadth of conditions, for the benefit and blessing of the great raasses of people, who must be considered, in society and in .government.- itrriirbe a great strength to the womenwho have labored so long and so diligently when they meet again in Convention at Washington this coming winter to have the satisfaction of knowing that Utah's political freedom is an established fact. The three free states will be like a tower of strength to the organization., and the woixieu leaders areAviseand judiciousandivilhnakethe besf use of the influence for further work in that labor which is still in the future. The women of Utah should see to it now that they act their part bravely and well, always looking for the opportunity to do, good, or to work reforn; of that which is evil, and never be hoodwinked by wily politicians into making promises that they will afterwards repent or feel compelled Jo break. There is still work to be done, there are many things yet to learn, and help to be given to those who have not been favored with a knowledge of public affairs." Therefore the study clubs upon civil government are almost a necessity and whether the L .ce" -- - , t,-r- is over and the votes are being counted by the Utah Commission and the positive results will soon be given to' the public; 'it is already well known that there is a large majority for statehood, anya i.s- '"vr aUH4vAla1ltS' itp'resented 1' able sjakcrs , v v ;.?"AA'' - - The election h - the-ri--unio- g, THE NEW STATU. Jxiokseeommended-byt- rJJir - than'for theuKtu I I November . ' - Entered at the Post OJice in Salt Lake City, Utah, a ecend lass matter Salt Lakk City. -- -- we-1'- c Utah. Lake-City- ; -- . . and It IS - Nc'.V VW, nu ( .).. Shuv me'th'woraen work a common say i 15;, of a nation and 'I will tell you .what that and Veterans' of the suffrage cause wen- in' nation is. V The women of Utah will ha Ve' attendance. One special .object of Wasto, bring together these representa-tive- s advahtages Jiereafter iiot previously enjoyed and pioneers to show what Has- been (not eveiLwhen she possessed the franchise Accomplished during the'la'st half centv.ry.;. 'before)" because conditions and circumThe- fact - of Utah- corning stances are widely ciilTere.11 1. .When ...wo. state with equal suffrage just previous t men study politics they will not 'piily il.ti ttii.it- mm tTiitiflc hilt tllf ifltfllcrt of the sons will be brighter, and their aim. as mere were two uian people present, Samuel-.Richards and wife, it i mn.-characters stronger. Wheivllis Kxcellency ' President Cleveland thall have afiixed his likely that Utah camejn for ' a fair sliare nf official signature to the new Constitu- - "the honors on this great occasion. Stisa Young Gatesr of Provo, in thinking tion and issued the Proclamation, then all suf how Utah could be appropriately reprefrage women should acknowledge the freesented at the reunion, suggehted an, onyx dom accorded them in some denionstration,. ballot-boof native material, and trimmed that, will be suitable to so grand ?.n occasion, with silver, which abounds in the Utah hills:. Accordingly the box was made of exact ELIZABETH CADV STANTON. proportions and mounted with silver, and " ' : women matte dis- - regular ExroNkNT.cffice, Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Ikiild-tnMain Street, opposite Z.C. M.I. Business hours from ira. ta 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address 'all business communications to PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, t - -- ch tinieJ.so; advermcrs. - ,V one copysu.iaa;xis. t: No reduction ma.ie lor clubs City papers deuvfcv mail, extra lor post ige one year, 25 cts. square, ten lines 01 .nonpareil venssing rates: t-i- 10 ' . Lake Cm, Utah.. verr yroo; TYrmsr one coov offer ko . ... v -- : I i , j . 1 1 