J J.ll rj .jorm.ourdiituv incinU-- M ib, r Jiuopcm.MrTicmudi fee glorT 4.A.- .&VV;W7V !. r- - :.Trb--r.'v- iaithful ' tfi m-iei'MV- v ;lHfe' ways God's will can" be seen i:i the disasl VCunle; us, (Jh Thou yrcat nous works of the destroyer as heclaims Jehovah,' .Adjourned for three monu s. ah'e prey resulting from nature's broken .. .. IJenediction Sister Kmiua I). Madsj-n-- ; laws. 1 .. , I . The principles of the Gosjel, which are so. much in' .,!-1,- ( . . Aviation, at Cedar, Marchiii, AVatson President ' of the K.'Cra'ae. i95Iron Co. Suffra-- e Association with her Vice Presidwrts Mary OHertou and Bessie Parrv met' with the ladies of Cedar, March 18, .for. the purpose an auxiliary branch of the. Iron Co. Suffrage Associa.-tion- ., "' -- .1 . .: - . v..-'.- : Suffrage--; : Cor. Sec, ,.rT, . ! Barnard. ;. ; .: amen., , -- iialirrtMorecygen.thbuIitof. Many!.:'.rui.5 cutiOI .AVOm3.j minion harmoiiywith the class work, ". ' .' have been made, more plain, now we underW, II. P, R. CI.ASS. stand "'"why God, has given His commandMeeting was allied to order, and prayer offered by Charles Adams'.--Presid-ent Wat-sso- n ments, WAYNIv COUNTY. spoke, upon the necessity and benefits of Acquaintances-- have been" formed in this Through the perseverance of Sister j. class which will bringTcflecUons "of joy and such an organization,- said that gaining' our jviews in S. Coleman, president of the Relief Soci.e pleasure to those participating therein. The knowledge and broadening political matters was', its" object with 110 V, of Wayne. Stake,- the W., II, P, R. members have expressed themselves. as be- selfish-desirof obtaining prominence, nor Class was organized, at Loa, Wayne Co.; ing iIiankfur""t6Goclvfor the privilege they of woman's first and highest duties January 8th,- 1895' with an enrollment of have had of attending this class. All have neglect the in home. The officers; were unani- twenty-fou- r members, increased attendance learned to love Sister Hannah Sorenseu" very dearly as teacher and friend, and felt mously sustained as follows:" . Sadie Wilkinson, - President. Mary Ann 2nd, 1895, with an enroliment of forty- - to Mess K'r every., day of her life together Lunt Vice President. , '. with Sister. J. S. Coleman. May M. Higby eight members. second V ice5 President; Nellie Couchen Cor. The motto of- f he p.i ic "Tim The closings-exercis'consisted of com J. atie-Maude aimer, Rec. vSec. Redemption' of ou; sex Jo the glory of manpositions and lectures.on subjects studied in ! -- t50'' ? . .Mrs. U, iCMueiu. kind." llltTClUS ntfrm nr w with m thf r n Hx. Comr chairman of members the same. The object is to study and; understand exercises and remarks by the brethren and nature and her most' holy laws, so testimonies of a few of the class members. MissBessie Parry, Miss Cadie Leigh, Millie Adams, Clara Taylor, Mabel Arrn Mary Young, See. thoroughly that we may know woman and strong, M.NBurney, Mary R. Middletdn, H. all her needs through life, qualifying her Hunter. for her true mission of wife, mother and President Watson briefly explained-thnurse. system of conducting, the meetings menThe beautiful principles of life have been PA ROWAN. ITEMS. tioned the necesj)Jjooks and music needWnost efficiently advanced by our noble ed, and gavesthe executive committee some "v teacher, Sister Hannah Soreiiseiu .. beneficial suggestions in "regard to their With a" practical knowledge of thirty- - Ediior E.xponoit: "work. She also reouested the secretnfv to four yearspersoual experience with woman, Wiv believe its about time we should rewe she has appealed to reason, while.pointing port ourselves, therefore embrace ..the send for information at any" timexand ' do our would best to supply it. The by-- , : out the beautiful truths as well as the Our Primary Asmany present opportunity. laws of the County Association," and pro absurd errors found in the text book King's sociation has just been reorganized on for first meeting were read and ex Manual of ObstetricsBy. the aid of which account of its former president Mrs. S. A. gramme when meeting adjourned. together with the anatomical chart and the .Adams having - resigned , her health not planation given,M in nik Adams, Cor Sec. female skeleton, .Lave- - studied we permitting her attendance. The primary obstetrics in its truest form giving to the children were loth to part with their iresi-den- t, woman a perfect, knowledge of herself as her gentle loving ways had completePARTY AT LYNNK. . well as that of her family. ly won them over, however the cordfE -Hygienic laws have been treated, very cers displayed much wisdom in ehoosinir ' x 7 j 7j;j'7r' seriously and carefully in all. its details, as ,Mster Jbllen Davenport to fill the tvacancy WE-- the members of the Relief Societv regards diet, dressJexcisTamport3nceof-- -- iTKamTjsseufdlVnnie- Gufr were TpUreaTr cTelmTiness, order, purity in sustained as her counselors, and with the of Ivynne Ward, wishing to show to our married life, regularity of habits, avoidance assistance of,, the parents we doubt not but president Sister Stova Thomas, our good of disease and treatment" wLen they do our Primary Association will continue in wishes and love for her' prepared a surprise ' for her 011 the forty-sixt- h jcome. All so necessary to the health, and the same beautiful Course, that has heretoanniversary of of ' her birthday, it being on the second day of mankind. , fore marked its movements. happiness ' All the class members have been exceedApril. y ingly punctual and attentive, very few havgiven by' "the..Relief Society- for the benefit; oWoTTIeTIHghboTsrat twelve o'clock all ' ing absented themselves and' those who pflhejmssiQiinries, the caiiproTeesyffe rorT Jia ve btsiiizireasonljlv excused accordingly donated for that purpose, wliile went from there together to visit her; and made themselves at home, and had a very account pi, sicicness Msier borensen says it is the most punctual class she has ever the already stored by the Relief Society, enjoyable time, both spiritual and temporal had. about twelve hundred pounds was received. with singing and prayer and blessing each other. A poem was also read by the sec-r- e Surprising interest has been manifested The party was one of social:enjoymentvith ' ' tafy composed forjlie occasion Jjy - Sister by every member all through the class, all an old time picnic at eleven p. m. The W. S. A. is doing a lively work, its Anne A. Crane; at the same time we " "have strained their minds to grasp and understand all the principles as they have interests have never flagged, the meetings presented her with a beautiful ohotoirraoh been unfolded so beautifully. As far as it are well attended, the programmes always 6f the Salt Lake Temple' after which Sister v Thomas expressed her heart felt thanks to ?r is known they (the principles) will all be fully carried out. March sth the W. S. A: gave a ball for her sisters for their good feeling and unity by heartily sustained and supported every " the" purpose of getting means to connect Some ofthe sisters bore testimony to the member. goodness of God after feasting and haying All who have .taken part in composition ourselves with theiTerritorial organization, ' writing haye shown how strong "and believing it would be plea'santer and easier a good time in generalwe returned to pur heavenly have .been the impressions of re- - to get the whole amount this way than to homesajldetoing-it-a-most-- 'e f not -- written upon collect of each individual, so we had a affair. orijqthosewlio-Lave- ' Sakah ATiiomas, Sec.,-R- . S. it haye the same impressions at heartf weight"aparty charging one half cent per Testimonies have been borne by all either pound for the lady the gentleman fortunate written or orally, with a very' few excepenough to get the heaviest and lightest tions, that now life is more dear, and future weight, getting Ins ticket free gratis, a NOTES ANDREWS. and had intervened we an picnic more group ever than before, that hope bright ' can and they : 1 HK ground was broken nd the first acknowledge God's enjoyable' evening all round.- - : 1 appreciate L,. Crank Watson, Seer stone laid for the Woman's Buildine- of the workmanship in beautiful nature which has . . - . - e , - . ' j " TJl-cV- - : .... l es - . . iumrt . . '': , - " e . -- , - -- - - - I . - . - ' . . , - IostfJjisirs - -"' . . .,-- ; -- , x . - - 1 ... . V . t i - ' . 