.. .. t .... 1 f 7' , HXrONKNT; WOMAN'S TO) A I A k S ... " " . ' : L..V-!)A- V . - .:aw . 11 'lit-K- -- ; AX.VSS T$LIS CA.s0.V iC"" -- Ri&ht&X scmi-iajuii- m ti live ami frfcndl Entered at the Post second class matter Salt Lakf. City, Utah. Ojfice in Salt jjke City, Utah, Salt Lake City June i, : and they have gathered here; it was the will of God we should come, the rich treasures are hid up here and we are build iug Temples, and the people go into them and redeem the dead, it is the work of the holy priesthood; Joseph Smith prophesied of these things, of the Temples, tUaLAVOuld be built and.the great work that would be (KHJruli lone. Presidei; poke ot the can a go to .saHi we life ure the beyond, a" kingdom such as we live for when we the vail we shall know; the ) I . j j . 1 ! fifty years, before in Eee. Countv, Iowa; also the eldest sister, who had, at the-greage of 8s years, come to help celebrate this at Tin: sermon of Bishop 0. l Whitney in.the Tabernacle on Sunday,May 12, the celebrated women who spoke on thai occasion will be publislied in the next number of the Kxponext,.; The pamphlet containing the several speeches of Hon. 0. F. Wliitney before the .Constitutional Convention upon equal suf- fcage will oonv be ready to distribute, as it " is now in the hands of the printers. The regular Quarterly Conference of the Relief Society will.be held. Salt Saturday June 15th. at 10 a. m. and 2 p. in. in the Assembly Hall; A full representation of all the branches in the County is desired. fol-Jowi- . Lake-Stak- ng nappy union alter nail a century ol experi ence in wedlock; There were many other younger people, some not so very' young, either, yet all were welcomed to the generous hospitality, of the venerable couple, who looked quite as smiling and happy, and almost as timid (one would imagine) as on the day when they were first united in the holy Ixmds of matrimony. Then they were young and had the future spread out buffore them, but they were poor in this world's croods for it wns inst shr.rtk-- nfter the death of the Prophet Joseph Smith, and the Latter-daSaints were plunged In sor- row and mourning. Now these gootl people are heads of families of more than one generation, besides having prospered temporally and secured to themselves an everlasting inheritance .through ...the orderx)f celestial "marriage. The program of the evening opened with music instrumental) night march, by John Tupper, grand nephew of Brother Clark's Then the company from. Santa Rosa. after sang "Come let us anew,"-etc- ., TuE first number of the new volume beyear of the Wogins the twenty-fourtman's Exponent, which has beeii in " 1S The existence, now since June 72. h 1 : paper has always been the repository of the work of the Relief Society and other organizations of women and children that have been established since. Biographical sketches of some of the most eminent women of the Church, and of the world, have- appeared from time to time, and it has really been the avenue through which much literary talent has been encouraged and T cultivated. The deaths of all the sisters who have passed away, from time to time are recorded as far as possible, and all questions of public interest relating to wo- men, minutes of meetings, and other matters of importance find place when space - l"K 'EZTA lVv N D MARY S. CEAkK. !: ' j j j - President Woodruff spoke of thesacredness of the marriage relation when the ceremony had' been performed in the house of the Lord and was binding upon the parties for time and for all eternilv nmL fk , , it brought to all n bore a strong fPstiinnv u. u'fnrM th , i i ( i i v t- i tL "ere u-- 6 v niail companyaUdown c t.til.i.-.- 3 r i iiiiiiiii Ul U1UM: Pseni 111 I tV11C n Iiaiiit fatif C1C lid wI -- 1C3U11ICU. A poem was read by ICzra Robinson which was a glowing tribute to the aged couple; music by Mrs. Nellie Clark; Professor J. M. Tanner paid a leautiful and eloquent tribute to the pioneers., particularly to President Woodruff, who had come into - tliis valley when there was i.iohoii!ie-aiul-iH- r white man. to be ?cen. ... President Woodruff followed Professor Tanner with general remarks concerning the settling of these vales,-an- d spoke of driving his carriage out on the block where the Knutsford hotel is now located. Referred" "'the Sro;vlng Publlc sentiment iijour favor, 10 w fonder fully things had changed in the last iew years.anci now torcibly. these things had come to his mind on the journey East of the Tabernacle choir accompanied bv the First Presidency , when the company'were re ceived with so much honor at all the points en route; particularly had he been reminded lIle past Missouri experiences when in St. JLouis, and also at Independence, where the people were received by the dignitaries ln fact. "'ere g.ven a perfect Ki:.:r J ::"uu1, :nf.Kn.,v .V n nu r 1 -- . GOLDEN rWICDDINC;. 1 James Smith Stevenson, Prof J. M. auner Sisters Zina I). ,H. Young, E? B. Wells am the aged sister of Brother ..Clark,, Rhoda Coojx.T who sung a" few verses and then related some of her experience in Fa r West, Mo., when her house was burned by the mob, and the people fled in the night by the Brother light of their burning homes. Nathan Porter who spoke immediately after said he had been on a mission w ith Brother Cooper in the Prophet's life time. After, the guests had spoken the remainder of the ! A 7i'edding march from ''Martha" was! finely executed on the piano. ; There were ' some remarks by W. 6. Clark, and allusions to the. marriage which Had taken place "fifty years before,, men. 'UeeiT lioiredTiTslJwn persecutions in connection isvailableTThelneheaperliTs With the Church in Missouri, and the driv. to the organizations, and to the women generally cannot be estimated in figures; nor ings from place to place, and spoke of his can the work of those who have devoted so travels in foreign countries, and how his much time and heart and brain to the work. life had been preserved in the midst of If the sisters . could realize what . the .Hxi'ONENT has done for them in causing ises, that had been pronounced upon his I in the "earlv da vs were veri them to become .known, the' influence it head lias brought to their charitable and other tied and his faith was firm in the Lord. work, not only here Jbut elsewhere, they would not be so indifferent to its financial interests. r-- ! r' bv--Si- ster kf strive to do our duty and to do good to all mankind,- - referred to many other things, times, and places. Supper was announced and about' one hundred and fifty people were seated at once at the five tables arranged on the platform, handsomely decorated with flowers anddoaded with the good 'thing! nature requires for her sustenance besides delica cies of a great variety. The blessing was pronounced by Brother Hiram Grant, and Ufter the. banquet, expressions of good feel - and the favorite hvmu Eliza Snow was sung by a choir of young" people, Brother Steed, of Farmington. who has a fine voice, leading, the others joining in. . 11111 i;m y . - I?. ifillnd i . e revelations , . I 1895. lincl any such was iven to Joseph when only a boy;, he called the boys from the field, the plow, and tin shop, and the result is the Gospel has been preached to the people in their own homes, yoitwnuut ...-.- C a " ." WilfjjjVW1!!?? i 1 IoscdIi the iYiolluT.''Vmd stattd - man; hying mm t" tier the hands of Joseph Smith: j(a'vc soim- 1 : ' .. iftt ; . . ,i,.,r -- !::.. 'f c' :;,t.rc (Vnm Salt Lake City; also: Trof J;- - .NI. Tanner F. Wilcox and wife were pres- and Drr-ent by invitation;. valso President J. 'W. Hess and wife, of Davis Stake, and his counselor, Hiram Grant and' wife; Bishop Secrist and .wife, of Farmington; Mrs. .Susan Grant, President of tFie Relief, So- ciety 'of Davis Stake, and. many lfitimate friends. Among the relatives from a dis- - j. taiice we must mention Whir O. .Clark, of "Sair FrajicisCo, ' an older brother of the,! bridegroom, who had performed the mar- t: ered by mail, extra 'tines of nonpareil, Advertising rites: - Each square-teA tiberaj time" er . 00. 3 month, $3.50; o&e spac . leout regular advertisers, I EXPONENT office, Rocrps 227 & 228 CensUuUciiui'.d-tng- , Main Street, opposite Z;C.M, i. Basinet hours from to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. a.m. .10 Address all business comnuir.ications to . PUBLISHER WOMAN'S KXPQNKNT, v lysklont -- f . ialt. UW. Qiy, Utah.. for postage one year, 35 cts. ' uu- - t:rscttt attd do lioih'i - hnuis : v, mmrtue tire ofthiJtusbaua "... i 'I 1 V ' 'f The Golden Wedding of .Elder' Ezra T. cumstoiVce. of I'resident Young coming Clark and his wife Mary S. Clark, was ce- the valley in his carriage, and told what ' 7 4" ' ' Guicagoy thevrwere:treated with the lebrated on Saturday evening.May iS, 1S95, hesaid when he looked out uporT Totenh .ffreates.t resPecE.;'nd shown every attention, in the Opera House at Farmington, Davis below-allu- ded to me ha? visited the Presidency fululiment County, U tah, with appropriate program in earlier days and thefr and ceremony. - There were present rela- - spoke of endowments given reatI: attracted by the pub- ere,'a,.1,d,.been ,. ; especially the Temple and ' r . " - S ';"' ! undere faa ! ' ' . ..-.- '. - 