the toilsome hwenting? i ii ( I he . 1 ' t hcjeaUn earn the w.tiiitgiHp Andjif ju viir ..1 a' wife 'and rnicbodyT -- hts-- . part and ners discussing politics cultured n'htclHgtfc profound'" J iviethougl.t (!) yho would le so bold as to 'proclaim that he is evading the law, Mis- torting the designs of his Creator, unsexing ' himselfendangering the peace and comfort 3vith -- f jhe. liome?J vnwjn. aiiu sit in M pleasant places, flr -u .street cor-- ; I ' . tyranny da llyj .bread while tyiier, shirk . ?lMth.uimXtrmcK-mhis d(x trines (oiifinn men in MaflOs orjumaiV rrrT.V: .V: . " put r ' ''Sow, what under thtLjuniis rit and-Will-n- .viif t'omplaccntly VVA ; ; therstudy of e or mnre uovernmeni txjlllu's .. irannfin .1 ....... ....j.Js: ii'i i' tmt ( J yir. RolxTts knows by experience,; perhaps, or;1-aleast,; the present writer does, that while the average novel is enervating both to body and mind, 1. the vigorous prosecution of science is invig-- ' orating, and we rise from its study, with a joy, a mental tonencf vigor that gives also lone to the body, and elasticity in manual But,, alas! - Government and pursuits. science .are unfeminine; novel reading is in better taste. And no one will call in question the tardiness of tea, disorder of the kitchen, neglect of children or general good- if. only "Madam is not lit-- i erary, scientific, or a defender of woman's rights. The poet again: Our Whittier said: "I am not afraid that men will become les's manly or women less womanly by giving suffrage to women." 'And. aS to divorces, the 'test of the pudding is in the eating," and Wyoming, (oh, that I, might say .New York, Mr. Roberts, r but T cannot,) declares that their register of divorces is less in proportion to jxjpulation than that of any other State. The nature of men cannot le changed by the ballot. True to that nature, theyuuite in the home ' as in politics, one complementing the other; subduing, assisting, fulfilling, completing What neither can do alone what neither .was ever intended to do alone. Helpmeet, companioii, queen in the home, as he is king, with superiority to neither, God designed that companionship; that bearing of one another's burdens, sharers fortunes,, for no narrow sphere. But why do we want the ballot? That is too big a question to be answered in a newspaper article. One reason is that we feel politically degraded. Franklin said that to be unenfranchised was to-- be. in political, When the Government slavery. wanted to punish Jefferson I)avis for rebel VfTlion they simply - disfranchised hjm have ty entinre-taxatiwithout represent- ation, whereas the meanest transient of the correct gender can vote for the disposal of taxes women have to pay. Ve Tare a part of the people who are amenable to the country's laws, but we have no voice in those laws; though, governed we have no power of consent. Woman's claims to7the right n heient thanTHaT jojuJj;ecaiinQLbe-less- -i of mans. .. We consider that government of a 0 ; - ; r?. a little time given to 1 tVbhd' llie na r ro w ci rele of her daily life, it is not- every woman who is so fortunately situated, nor is Mr. K.', with all h is wisdom wise enough to predict just how his. nearest and dearest may end their days.. Personalities, however; cut no figure in the claslr and battle of ideas. We are only 'seeking for the truth deep in the heart of creation, and a narrow application of God's curse of Kve is- neither manly, just or chivalrous. i .tht-dange- : t ' Ah, no, worn ati must have her rights', her rights to bear children in sorrow and to. Jrear them in like manner; i to yield gently, willingly to the rule of her husband, to keep dutifully within the sphere which he may limit and, in addition, bear a f I doubt not thro.' the aes one increasing is "Ah, heavy share of his burden beside, runs fitirpose sphere who ..shall limit; his actions, who shall criticise; his unerring, judgment who And the thoughts of men are widened with the ' process or the suns. V shall question? Not invain the distance beckons. Forward, forPoor woman! There is danger to society,. . ward let us" range, to the home, to the; children, if she be Let the great world spin forever down the ringing trained' to think; if her mind should wan- grooves of change. .. 't.' i r i i 11 uer peyonu ner care oi socks ana outions Thro. ' the shadow of the globe we sweep into the and, puddings, leyond fashion and the tireyounger day; better fifty vears of Europe than a cycle of some dulness of conventional society, Cathay Danger to society if she should be given a Shall not women share the progress, the ersonal incentive to study any thing 'but 7 fashion She war study "advancement toward "the parliament of man, the federation of world," when government for the sake of her influenc over male relatives, but it must be purely "The common sense of mostshall hold a fretful from such feminine standpoint not -- with world in awe, ; And a the of earth shall vote for what kindly slumber, lapt in uniany hope oStlng personal law?" versal she may feel in her souto be right. Influence!. If hex influence is 6f any use, or if it Shall we forget that "all those who tun be admitted what is the danger of her myGospeiaxe sons-- udddug liters i n personal ballot with it? Hut that would be my kingdom?" Shall we be bound by the un womanly, and some one else, might have narrow sphere of home alone when we reito rock the cradle or hold trie .baby while member Mary, who was so sweetly comshe cast it There is danger to society if mended by Christ, for. having chosen the ' she gain a little ascendancy over her ages better pari? Shall we forget the equality and ages of subordination andrqppression; which he declared between the sexes in exif, by giving her the ballot, whereby she pounding the marriage law? Or shall we " could help protect herself "and 7 the interests rshrink Into our narrow round of domestic I of her fireside, she. should gain a little drudgery and leave man sole proprietor of and command "of the respect her the ennobling studies of government and the ect brother who knows too well, and does not exalting xomprehension of the works of always forget to remind her, tint she may creation in the "fairy tales of science," behave ever so earnest an Iauxious cnvic- - cause,- forsooth ; he has an inherejiigitL(o not do?" Hons, when he goes to thejpol Is a n alne, ,pre.scrilewhat--shall"orslial- l ivss- son With what solicitous love and passion long as tie can stagger there, if it be in a drunken stupor, is worth Mr. Roberts warns men to pray lefore they more than the whole union of intelligent admit the demon of politics to iheirfi resides, and ho w" he pleads that women will with"womanhood. . : Canaan fell ti tide r t! it hea v y curse 6 f serdraw their senseless., unrighteous demands! vitude in the tents of his brethren, but the: Woman suffrage may be a new idea to him; we should judge it to be so; but it is not so intelligence of the age has seen fit to declare that he has served long enough, and oaJJwj)mnndI us something better than past political hisJhaJLejniidpaIioii-Ava- s But woman must never be emancipated; tory, made by menalmie, before we can people is as thegovernmentof-afani--" from the curse of Kve! All classes may rise accede Jto his j'anxious request. ' Then; on a large scale, and believe that ' ' Perfrom fireside! "eliminate the and the moral and intellectual counsel of women higher politics higher toward the golden age of but but we her haps it, too,was merely music, perfection, attainment and power, th rough the ballot can be no danger, but of been often consoled for our is lack have of a the and inferiority incalculable value; and, further, as we are patent truth, "briefly forof an in the this still Adam never forcibly expressed." offering reality by ghost equally interested ii free trade or coinra or to similar: God from make behind her. at gets something "Today shape grimaces wise, in the licensintr of various evils, ii the tree and to remind her that 'the woman; nas in rust responsiDimy upon every man taxation in a word, since ive are in reality she gave it me and I did eat.".. "Though and woman; every man to know liov to a part of the people, suffering in theaLdver-sit- y at first so ready to yield to the tempter, she vote, and every woman to see that he votes of the country, glad in its prosperity, has ever since been so ready to yield to the right! ' ' Use your influence, Avoman! Every anxious for its morals, proud of its honors, voice of. God" that even Mr. Roberts acwoman's influence is a' power! In a conver- sharers of its burdens, xt dema?id the. ballot knowledges her, "man's moral superior. But sation a day or two ago a gentleman asked as a, right through- which to expressjour no faithfulness, no a lady of what political complexion she will for all - mutual good; and, above all no intellectual attainment in her can ever satisfy was? Wliy -- should X care ' to kiibw?" things for the good, the moral protection, the demands of justice or lift her beyond she asked, innocently, "it matters not; on the education, thehappiness of our chil- election day it doesn't count; ! have no in-- . dren the very, thing to which the most" "the great truth" that she" is a mentally inferior creature; without inherent right to ceiitive to that kind of study." "Oh, but radical would point as our ' ' rule herself or to consent to the laws which, your boys, your boysP he replied, 'you first and greatest duty. she will be compelled to obey. should teach them!" Ah, indeed! Then Mr. Roberts rather likes the saying of M fireside? Rob r Then Mr. Roberta forestallsropjnions "as. tojjnV what about the Luther. (we presume he4 means St. Augus. on of our hair heads coldness or tyranny by referring to his life, erts fairly raises the tine,) about the rib of Adam from .winch homes!1.' to our of 'J which the T anger God made vaJhat he might protect her great public knows nothing, end yith the cry : ' : ; ' - I j J i -- ! - . ' . ' . -- - . 1 and-housekeepin- lc and-wome- . -' re-cei- z vc of-each-- ' . self-resp- on -- - - " of-Ada-nrso . . ily,-bu- t , , . - ' self-abnegatio- n, anti-sj.iffragis- t.r - ; - " , . other's 