WO M A N'S. EX 1'ON KNT. LADII-S- ., my neighbor k wv$pinKi For the Destroyer in jMSsiuoVr Found there no m.irk of saenh": On the litel of "the door; To-nigh- t , " KK MT MOX'THT V .MKirTTWr- ' - i Ladiks Meeting Jieufr . nic.II;tvereceiv'l many blessings," hi-i(.Xh- v ' . ICXStevcnV ed open- Allothc'r saul lt " - "I have, a .testimony to- the Lord blesses me continually, I athinirO to meet together O Prayer, Counselor K - Webb. Continued 'j know ., its 'nood often.' We gain by speaking one. strength by singing, ;4'0. ye. Mountains High." to I another. consider these the best meetMinutes of previous meeting read and' apI I be thankful, enough proved. Counselor Stevenson Asaid this is ings attend, can't ' for the of the blessing the .season of the year when niost meetings Gospel and want to adjourn. But wecan't afford to lose one1 do all the good I can, I came here to serve 1 moment of this valuable time. What a the Lord. Congregation sang, "We thank ... privilege to have remained in the courts on thee 0, God for a prophet." Sister Xunn said., "I feel I should neglect highyto come forth in this day, when the Gospel of the Son of pod restored performing my duty, if I keep my seat; in this momentous age; we should never the spirit of the Lord js here. I desire to speak of the gooduess'of God, every time I cease. U thank God' for these blessings. Sometimes while passing through trials we have an opportunity," asked the sisters to can't see the light. But if we don't pass pray for an afflicted sister who was in ling land, who was very desirous to gather through tribulations, we couldn't fully apwith the Saints, but being very ill was unpreciate blessings,' we are; surrounded by REFLECTIONS AND MEMORIES. ' to able come. let us make the best of our temptations, Sister Julia C. Howe hoped to bv im" H Tribute of Love. opportunity, be as towers of strength round our children; live hear to the Lord, teach pressed with the spirit of the Lord, "It reTO MRS. MARY A. I'RI EZE. effort to come here this warm weather, by example; we "should strive to overcome, quires those who come certainly have a testimony; IIow strange a thing is life! our weaknesses. One today',' .another to How the years come and go, : 1 morrow. mothers would there is a spirit of peace in the Gospel that wish young Hearing us onward forever, meet with us. I come to be fed and to gain cannot be understood by those not of us, we enjoy this ne v birth. We have no deNow swift and now slow; ' strength every time I come to these meetsire to honor . our enemies, the, Gospel Bringing changes oft sorrow ings. We learn many good things from "On some bright "To Morrow." teaches us to do good to all, my family books, but we learn more .bv listeningn to . j say to me, Ma you are'too re,Vet the stream bears us swiftly the experiences of others,' those who have sometimes ' we should take our children to fast Along the strange way, passed through trials, and' borne" them; ligious, let them their tithes and ofEach morn changed to even,' .patiently; those that can acknowledge the meeting, show them pay the right way. It will ferings, Each night follows day; , ; handof God in all things; we receive make an impression that will remain with ; Till at last we find peace strength by speaking one to another. All them, there are practical duties, I wasearly Where all quarrels cease. who testify' will receive a blessing. Aland truthfulness, these are though an invalid for many years I have taught charity O, Watchman what of the Night? our children should- understand been spared to accomplish a good work. principles Do you keep the bell toljing, and "Redeemer- of Israel," cultivate." I will never cease to thank my. Heavenly To tell of fierce breakers Father for the blessings bestowed upon me. was sung by the congregation. Where wild waves are rolling? "Sister Alder, "May the spirit of the May God bless us to be as haven among the Yet hark! From far o'er the sea Saints. Sisters don't let .the precious time Lord improve me. It is those who Swret music is wafting ever to me. that need to be fed: ' All that is go to waste, may the Lord bless us. And so the tide flows gently on; A sister whose name was unknown, said, necessary is to do the will of the Father Now tears, now laughter on the way;. and receive. the blessings promised, those, to be here today, God has "Lam The fair young face soon changed and worn, been pleased to me, the. testimony of the who are obedient are the ones worthy of very good With sorrow set e'er early day; truth of the Gospel - has been the greatest the Sweet faded faces oft we meet, ha ve rece i vedr RpI re f oeieTyx withouTsacrifice; good and evil are placed And silently each sisters arc engaged in a grand and' glorious before us, will we accept the offer of the othergrt The journey long must needs have end, work." Recited a beautiful poem on Relief world, or be faithful, and receive the bless' s The close and closer grow; ings x)f the world, or be faithful and reSociety work. cord the blessing of the Father? When we et each brings back some memory dear . Another sister testified, "I know this is left ourhome in the other world, we no . Of those we loved so long ago: the work of God, the more We strive to do Tho' from our lives they've passed away the will of the Father the more strength doubt promised the Father' we .would re- . To dwell in realms of endless day.! we will have to overcome temptation, my turn. As long .as .we are obedient, He can.drjLwtfs baekrto him. we can leel the greatest desire is to endure anAjpias-fahh- r 0, dream awhile, sweet friend of mine! rrraslTanTnterest in the prayers of my fluence of those, 'who live for this world, Bid memory-al- l her treasures-brinthe other life may come at any moment, sisters. May those so loved of old by thee Counselor Webb had enjoyed the remarks we can't wait till we are old to serve the Press near, and loud thy praises sing; of the previous speakers, "if we had faith Lord; if mothers will reason with their For Zion's daughters love thee well, We can alwaysXlead them. We sufficient, we. would not feel it a task to children, And high and loud the echoes swell. in the straight and narrow way, walk must our duties. Relief Society work perform When Zion shall with joy be crowned if wre hope to find the home of Father and is a glorious work, in it we become well acWith the shining ones may you be found; with each otlier, we must be Mother in the 'celestial vorld;we Won't quainted May each fond wish ybu have in life, each other. I .often read the be satisfied if we don't get back; the Father charitableto Your full heart know while joys abound, will not compel us. But will hold out his Sermon on the Mount There are so many The Master smiling on thy face, V beautiful things to be learned from that hand and lead us back, so- should we lead A our faded look will never trace. r that all may- find the straight sermon; we. are living in.very peculiar and children, narrow way, is my prayer." All things are theirs who win the crown, times, there are things to contend with, Sister Steel testified she had known for All heights all depths,to them are known; never met with before'. The enemies of The Savior's love will dry all tears, are gradually leading our 'forty years that this GospetjvJrueJlAry7 the- Saints Of those He's chosen for His own; should be willing to desi re is to be faithful, Kav passed th rough children away..-.We.r ILPJIxJfisJoJveis-strongand-deep- T for our children; Let trialsTtmfTliever one that did not bring a InakeSiny-sacrifi. by singing, "O, Say What is Truth:".-- So passing thro the ()() He foimd a blossom fair ' Touched it with his chilling breath-- Shrouding life with the gloom of death Leaving desolation there, j I might weep with tny neighbor for I have no guarded flovver, Death could easily come and take one. For there's naught to stay his power; have not made the needed sacrifice, The Destroyer in passing o'er Would find that I, fronYHim that gave Have not the merit, the mark to save, On the lintel of my door. K.T. un-u- an 1 j - " -- - -- To-nig- ht - -- . " has-bee- . : . . , " " . . art-wea-k , . : bsjnj,yanJlle Jssin gI mile-stone- -- 111- gl , - .. ce Whom thus He loves, nb more need weep. Now flowers we bring of fragrance rare, -- And crown thee Queen this happy night; Glad music swells the perfumed air, Thy friends all greet thee with delight, ; May white winged Peace, her pinions spread 4 Arid choicest blessings crown thy head. June, 1895. 1 ,; Lydia D. Alder. us be united in laboring for their welfare Live so that by kindness and the influence of .the spirit of charity and love, we can draw them to us. I desire to. hear ray sisters speak, let each one say a few words. A Sister said, I have a testimony, I want to receive the blessing pronounced by hearing and testifying of the goodness of blessing." . Several sisters bore testimonies, all were desirous of doing good and remaining faith- lul spoke ol the good influence present. Counselor K. J. Stevenson made closing remarks. Thought all had been well repaid for coming to meeting. Concluded by and benediction. singing Vilatk R. Young: vSec." : ; . 