, . id this in; every' fibre am glad U, 'say that I ad I feel the word of God which said. "If any man . jThisi ta us. is an :admiraJ&HleW lack wisdom, let him ask dX Clod "that giyetli -- ihr. r,tW-A-f fthi? tK ij.Av TthfKf:- bnt-i- t to all men liberally and upbraideth'nbVnd not a description of tl.uit God whocreated believing that saying, he had determined to .nan in His own image, and of whomjt.js .put it to the. test. lie . declared It ha w h j le YTrnrTTlnrirrron.. Tesu Christ was the Tike one pleading: for his he was ijravIngV express imavre ol His Father's person. asked hte, a power Came over him "Have M r , -,,yetket ot ixiralyziuglhis- - tongue Wtnafie . -- , . ; cou tctjjWLwcKr.r-- . must wiiicUjt:-.-- v-r- -- - Ta'Ao not seen , fioorTthF ; Tl)tedTo ,piied. mehatli that hath :- , ' . Gol bless every movem rat foiji . advancement of the jnanityT for the enlargement of the borders" of liberty. May wc, as Americans, show that America has indeed set an example "of liberality to all the world, tliat she stands like a goddess in the midst of the "eartir holding aloft the torch that shall kindle and illumine the nations. This government was founded for that purpose,- - and ?s champions of progress, let us be true to ourselves, and show that we. believe in hS divine mission and destiny of our country. ' ontr'vitu yon. ana' yet nave ye He State. May v- ine. d . have it platxd in the Constitution of the ymmm . equal suffrage ujxm the Constitutional-Conventiortran- t-- & -- v oca ted : seen seen me ramer. , over the brink of destruction i. But he continued to, pray, and just at the we '.claim we have sufficient therefore., moment when' he thought he should give evidencereven in the. Bible, (aside from the way to. despair, he saw aTlighY ilesciding revelation to To.senh Suiitir) to show that from heaven directly over his. head'of such we areindeed of the same order of beings surpassing brilliance as to.exeeed.tbat of the as God, our Heavenly Father; that we are noon-dasun. A pillar, of light descended indeed His sons and daughters, that He has and rested above his head. In the midst placed us here to contend for the right, to of this pillar he saw two glorious beings in reach after Him, to undergo the varied exr the form of men. One of them pointing jjp priences which 'fall' to the lot of mortals WOMAN SITFFRAGK COLUMN. the other said, "This is. my beloved son and thus.become fitted to associate with our hear him." Father and Mother in heaven. Minutks of W. S A. held May 20th, in This was a startling revelation. The we. think it unreasonable that children Dr. I.' B. Feryouth obtained more light than he had should become like, their parents? Is it not the Fourteenth Ward Hall, ' Hark the sound prayed for, perhaps more than he could the hope,, the fond anticipation of every guson in the chair. Sang )f myriad voices." Prayer by M. K. Bas' then comprehend; for here was the proof good mother aud father on earth that their stamped anew upon- a human mind, that children shall arrive at maturity, and be: sett. Minutes of two meetings' read and God, who made man in His own image, is conie noble arid useful members of society, approved. Business referring to printing indeed in the image of man. become like their parents here? Then if we literature laid before the. meeting. Five dollars voted for that purpose. R. M. Fox I am aware that we Mormons are accused be the children of God, why. think it unof interpreting the scriptures too literally. spoke upon the new paper, "Men and Wo-- ' reasonable,, presumptuous or blasphemons I bear in mind thecomfng to this City of a that we should hope to become as God? Is men , ' also Dr. K. B. Ferguson; many of learned Hindoo, a Mr. Nagarkar, who it not, after all, a mere matter of education," the members subscribed for it. The Utah at the of development, of expansion?" No matter Constitution. to be brought up at our next represented the Bramo-Suma- j of Religions. World's Congress He how wide the gulf which separates us from meeting, H. M. Price to speak on judiciary-poin- ts. Dr. Ferguson read a list of books ciannea tnat only oriental peoples wer Him, that gulf canbe bridged,- - that gulf the Hebre was bridged, by the atonement of our that we should try "to obtain. Adjourned capable ot for two weeks. Benediction by E. M. Scriptures; that Christianity- beingan Savior, who came to render this achievement M. E: Irvine, Sec. oriental religion, could only be comprehend possible. Men and women, .sous and Price. ed by the people of the orient. He said daughters of God, can cross over that gulf that all western nations interpretthe-BiblGrand Co.. V. S. A. in time, andlenter upon the plane occupied too. literally. These are the A meeting.- - was 'called here at Moab, by their heavenly parents. sometimes do, and we things that we aspire to.that are promised, Well, perhaps May 8, 1S95, at 2 p.m., for the purpose of may say also that .perhaps the eastern or and which sweeten adversity and render perorganizing a Woman's Auxiliary Suffrage oriental nations spiritualize theword of God secution tolerable. This is Our belief in re11 Association. too much. In fact we think all the Christian lation to all the world, to thewhole human-raceMrs. Caine of Salt Lake Citv. one of the churches are given to this more or less; is written Progress upon everything Executive Committee of the Utah WIS, A., that they do not recognize that there are' t wo that God has made. The stars that glitter called the meeting; to order a dual interpretation, to be in the blue vault of heaven are educated interpretations, Mr. Taylor offered the opening prayer. i i r i tt ii piacea uponine wTora oi uoa. wnen we Worlds, homes of the redeemed and glorified Mrs. Caine spoke at some length to exspeak of baptism, for instance.of being born or of those who, like our&elves, yet hope plain the object of the proposed organizafor glorification." again, we do not mean a baptism of water This earth is but one tion, and the subject was then put to the-alone, but a baptism of the Spirit as well. of millions of planets that have preceded it, vote of thosepresejiL- r- - is only-hI m tnersioniii-lwat- e f baptism r a nd - ha ve become--t her habitationsof th;e "by the saying of aye and no, but as and so with the spiritual baptism. As the ' righteous: and those who live here by every the ayes from the women were rather inspirit without the body is imperfect, so is word that proceedeth from the mouth of audible, a ' second vote was taken by those the body without the spirit. ( And as one ' God will render themselves worthy of in favor Those in favor up. baptism is imperfect without the other, so celestial exaltation. There is a glory of were in jhestanding majority. also is one interpretation the temporal inthe sun, a glory of the moon, and a glory ". The election of the officers was nextpro terpretation of the word of God, imperfect of the stars, and as one star differs from ceeded with, which resulted in the appointwithout the spiritual interpretation, and the another star in glory, so also is the resurec- ment of Miss S. J. Elliot, as Presidents-Mr- s. spiritual imperfect withoutjthe temporal. tionoLtheldead These are the J induce-- Nowrwre hear" Christians say that when ments held out to us; If we press on we Mrs. At WrWarner as Vice President, Helen Kirk, Secretary, Mrs Esther it is declared that God created man in His may attain to a glory that shall blaze like Tangreen, Treasurer. 1:own image, it means the moral image, and the sun at noonday, or if not to to one that, Mrs. President1 as was Elliot, elect that we are not to drag the Deity down, and that will beamlike the moon in milder called : upon to address ' the meeting. have the presumption to claim that He is in lustre,or if not to that, then to the twinkling Speeches were "also made by Mrs. Peterthe Jorm of man. But that is precisely glory of the stars. But what should be the son, Mrs. O. W. Warner, Mrs, Hamwhat we do claim. What this youth saw aspiration of a child of God? To where mond, Mrs. Stevenson,, Mrs. go Hon. Brack, seventy-fiv- e years ago, the Father and the God and Christ dwell, to inherit the celestial F. A. : . : Hammond. Son in the form of men, is our conception of kingdom and be 'satisfied with less nothing Mrs. Caine spoke shortly upon the subGod ; not of the Holy Ghost, the ' third, is our desire to progress. It We believe ject of statehood for Utah. , L person in the Trinity, but of the Father in. God in and befriending the hu- vote of thanks was tendered Mrs. serving and the Son, who have tabernacles as man family; in doing everything possible Caine and Mrs. Stevenson for their able astangible as that of man. I say this was a tor tne advancement of the race, When I sistance in forming the organization. startling, revelation; because at that time arose I did not expect to say a word upon i he names of those who expect to become the world believed God to be merely an tne woman oi I will subject suffrage. say members of the AuxiliaryWoman's-Suf-tln- s, infinite spirit, a uniyersally diffused essence , that I regard that movement frage Association were Ihen-takehowever, and fiftv which, as Pope says: as one of the levers by which the Almighty names were enrolled. is lifting up this fallen world. It is a measWarm in the sun, refreshes in thehreeze, Tpie meeting was brought to a' close by the Glows in the stairs and blossoms in the trees ure of progress, a step in the raarch of the hymn, "Our God we raise to s singing qf life all extends throlJali"extentr Liyesthro' liberty, and will sweep from its path Thee," and a prayer by Hon. F. Al Hamundivided, operates unspent. Spreads all opposition that lifts its puny arm and mondadjourned at the call of the President. pas-- s , : -- . , y ' Why-shoul- d -- - : . ! . fully-understandin- g ' - e . .. . : : . " ' J ' nievote-was-first-"tak- en al - -- -- . .. . ; - . j hu-ma- n n : 