our ih n vvuuiry ivtf axe kvktu j. way tvyu:rd that; a:: vvelrLie the adlU:h;:i" ,w a un;:;d' . HXIONKNT. VOMAN ;. u. Tvetitie!i CeututN ' Mi-sUM- W.T.ilmcr:. .Tableau, ft.hf KVcit.ilion.' e..Mr. and Mrs. l'to:-etMi, Alue Clark; SvMi.Sadie CvmpU-- and . t perch Mis. JCxuily Mi thr Kastj Ric hards; Tableau, Ballot, Pre Si:ckktaky AV. S.. A. FanniiigUm. f, Sjx-ec!i,.i'- b; n xX-irt- ' erto:s Ji ua V.&& How; met wuh . a Or!cuu,v, While a- friend, 'a a elec- acxidvrtit'Viii " s5& wil &ut 'ruling 'with tric car struck the carriage, vddshmg' it' .to splinters. .Happily'. neither of the inmate-wakilled; but Mrs.' Howe. .was thrown violently to the ground, and, besides the fall and the shock, she received injuries about the knees,. how serious we have not-many friends will await, yet heard;--H- er further hews with anxious "Interest. Ex. v ' ing, but rising every time" we. fall. fucius. The fall- Con- MRS. EMMA G, BULL h ' vvho does All reasoning is retrosjject; it consists in the application of facts and principles previously known. This "will show the very great importance of knowledge, especially of that kind called experience. J. Foster. . ' man - RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Resolutions of rtspeet, adopted by the officers and members of Jhe 17th Ward Relief v Society, ro the memory of the late Emma G. Bull who died, Oct. 24, 1S95, at her residence, after a short illness. Whereas, our Heavenly Fath.er has removed from this sphere of action our beloved secretary, . : ' . Resolved, that we do recognize in the death of Sister Bull the loss of a faithful, energetic,te!iable secretary, a friend to the needy a comforter in the hour of trouble," a devoted wife and mother and true Latter-daSaint, that we esteem her faithful labors and devotion to the interests of Zion as worthy the emulation of every member of our society. Resolved, that we condole and sincerely sympathize with the bereaved husband, children and friends in the loss of a faithful wife, loving mother and sincere friend Resolved, that these resolutions be spread upon the records of the 17th Ward Relief Society and that we publish the same in the Woman's Ex. Mrs. B. W. Smith, Prest. IN MEMO RI AM, Sister Francis '.Crosp.y Brown home in Nutrioso, 1 2th, 1895. died at her' Apache Co, Arizona, on Oct. The entertainment given at Farmihgton. Utah Nov. 12, in honor of Mrs. Elizabeth was' a genuine success. The W. S. A. Convention met at the same place in the afternoon, the State PresideutMrs. E.- B. Wells and Vice President Mrs. Emily S. Richards of S. L. City were present; and Mrs. Richards and delegates, from various parts of the county, ' for the evening. At the door-eaclady -- was presented a . Stanton Anthony .souvenir. The following program was successfully' rendered. Prayer, Ezra T. Clark; Flag. Song, fourteen Primary boys and girls; Opening Address, Mrs. Lucy A. Clark; Life of Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Mrs. Annie Tanner; Tableau Cady Stanton " and Susan B. AntHbny. Reading, "Utah the Star of the West," Miss;lgie Walker; Comic Song, Mrs. lizzie - Cotterall; Essay, ' ' Woman of - -- . .'.-..- :. y . Reuecca Ni.ukkf.r, VlOLhT I VIE, Minnie S. 1 S95. - Dastrit. . - - - cd to Lorenzo Brown in Nauvoo, March 2401, 1S44, the Prophet Joseph Smith officating, by' whicti marriage she had three sons and one daughter, all of whom are still living. She. has' 33 grand and great-gran- d children living. She received her blesiiiRS &c, in the Nauvoo Temple, Jan. 12, Suffered with her 1846. in that memorial exadus from Nauvoo, 111., and reached Salt Lake Valley Sept. 2ist, 1S48, and after a short stay in the old fort located in the seventh ward just north of the home of Bishop Thomas Jenkins. She moved with her husband and family to St. George, Washington Co. Utah, in 1862 and may really be called a pioneer in the settlements of Nauvoo, Salt Lake and St. George. Brother -and Sister Brown were called to labor as regular assistants in the St. George Temple, by President Brigham Young when it was opened in 1877. She moved to Arizona in 18S3, andloeated at -- NutriosorSbterBrown held tHeposition of Stake Secretary of Relief. Society ia the St. George Stake for several year. She has afso acted Ward President of the Relief Society in Nutrioso during which time the sisters built a nice hall the best in this stake of Zion. Sister Brown would have been 78 years old had she lived till ' the 31st. She had a paralytic stroke Sep, 5th, 1805 bv which she lost the ipe of her right side, up to which time she attended to her household duties - CHAPMAN ELQREJiGE. Resolutions of respect to. the memory of ... Sister Sinah Chipman I'hlredge, who (lied of pneumonia,Jn American Iork," Sep 27, 1S95, in Leeds Co. . She was born September S3 Canada West; she joined the Church, when tiht years old, and moved with ber parents, Stephen and Amanda Chipman, to Missouri, thence to Iowa, from there to Council .Bluffs,' then came to Salt Lake City, in Sep. 1S47, where she resided until the spring of 1851, when she move to American Fork, residing thereuntil the time of her death. She was sick for about five months. . during which time she "manifested great faith and resignation to the will of her Heavenly Father. "Hhe leaves four children, one son and three daughters to mcurn her loss; also, qiiite-a-im1 1 , 1 Dec:-ioti,-iS- t h- k. " ; re-inain- Den-mir- 1877,'-in'-Vandrup- MRS. SARAH ' , - Scandinavian Star ple2.se copy. 4 , y r Vtvoiht s our priinful iluty to record the death sisters of tlie .Relief Socit ty. of one of our-le- :ir Sister Inj-r- i Teterson Meyer was born Nov.. Vt Sweden. .iS.join Fru AKtad, Malino, She came to VanilrupjDenmark, in the year iSo;, where1 she nut and married Christian .Meyer, j Nov. 2:111!, 1874 She, with iier.husba.nd, was' b.iptizt d intc the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints crr" the 27th, of February, They emigrated to Utah in June of the same year. Resided. in and around Nephi, Juab ' Co., for two years, then moved to Vermillion Ward, Sevier Co. She was a teacher in the Relief Society, which oilice she held at the time of her death. She also held the position of first Counselor in the V. L. M. I. A. for many years; both , positions honorably filled. Sister Meyer was a Latter day Saint in very deed; she, was an earnest worker for the cause of truth, was kind and benevolent to all arotmd her; and though she was sick for a . long time she was never heard" to complain, but bore her lot like a true Saint of God., She died Oct. 25th. 1895. at Sigurd (formerly a part of Vermillion Ward,) surrounded by hef family and many friends. She leaves a husband, two sons and one adopted daughter, to mourn her loss. . May he rest in peace. Mrs. A. T. Hyde, Rec. Sec. Sister Brown was born in .Yarmouth, Nova Scotia, Oc 31st, 1S17, her parents were Joshua and Hannah Cann Crosby. She was baptized a member of the Ctiurch ol Jesus Christ of Latter-"da- y 38, in - Chatauqua Co. faints, New' Votk. She gnthertd with the Saints at Coleridge. Commerce, alterwards called Nauvoo. Iils.,"June 6th, 1S39, in company with her mother, ihree Pkosi'Kkitv has this property: " It puffs brothtb, John K., Obed and Jessie Ur. Crosby Hannah Crosby Mumford, ana Hhza makes them imagine and sisters up narrow-souls- , J urrill. Her mother. Hnnaharia Crosby themselves high and mighty, and look down, rCrosbyAvastherfirsrtratter day Saint who died at u j k n the wDTld with con t e m pt ; but a Nauvoo and Mother liuniington, mother of Aunt Humington, was the truly noble and resolved spirit appears Zina and Brother AViUinm died second in the evening and the person, jne greatest in distress, and then becomes more other in the and their funeral services moi:ing, bright and conspicuous.- - Plutarch's Lives. were held together and Eider Sidney Rigdoni did ; the preaching. Sister Brown is the last of this Crosby family except John K: Crosby, of Bountiful Davis Co. who is over eighty years of age; and they all died HONOR TO A NOTED WOMAN. ShtrVHS-rrrarrtec- T nrjuinjl!eiaurijQ eightieth-birthday- a n Sigurd, Nov. 6th, , " is not eiiough that we swallow truth; we must feed upon it as insects do on the leaf, till the Whole heart becolored byits qualities, and show its" food in every fiber. Gad' Stanton's . . It - i y - ponent. As every thread of gold is valuable, so is every minute of time; and it would be great folly to shoe horses (as Nero did) with gold, so it is to spend time in trifles. Mason. ' X 1 1 . y his work well dignifies, it, but he doe's not usually wear gloves, '.while at work. -' ,- r I f Hus'-I.egn- ,. Sister Bull. Our greatest glory is not in never -- nir ' MISCKLLANKOUS:. so it in iy K ti d dn ilictl o! old nt: as su- had at.d uas u k only a frv w t k's.' Shr no of lit-- L unbuild,. tuo sun died t in the presVuce' i . . l ana net ait tt:r uiu mat Iom fx ami o.uigrm-rlu.nd-- could da. lor her. Stir oud firm in the i.tith ol u glorious irsttrrt-ctiowith thr just - Kmnvl tie nt grand-childre- She was a true . n. y Saint, and has faiththe of a teacher in the duties fully discharged Relief Society since its first organization until three years ago, when she desired to.be release! on account of failing health.. She great pleasure in testifying to the children of the saints concerning the Divine Mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith whom she had seen and heard. Latter-da- to-o- - - .. TiirehreJieJl TntTTeTHef Society do sympathize with the be- reaved family, in their los of a loving mother,and pray God ourvHeavenly Father, to comfort and bless then'i and help them to realize that their loss v.. will be her eternal gain. Resolved, that a copy of these resolutions be sent to the bereaved family, also be spread upon our records, and one sent to the Woman's Ex' ponent for publication. ' D. Clarke. f Ellen Committee. Emma Fpjather stone. . - (Charlotte Shelley. R.K. THOMAS 26,28r30and32 East 1st SoufBSfT SALT. LAKE CITY. The Leading Retail Oasli House. EvK. THOMAS " 