Hi' WrU Mf rl i r fs lis Published C v DA vr vtt o 1A f U i O EMMELJXE a w;s ryC EXPONENT.! WOMAN'S 1 . wo-.me- WELLS, semi-imwtii:- ..la ?. aiii:.f paperi k . ' ered liyaail, extra for postage one year, 25 cts. rates: Each square, ten lir.es of nonpareil one time, $2.$o; per moath, 5300. 'A liberal advertisers. n; g, PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT, Entered at the Post OJice .in Salt Lake City,' Utah, at . . ecend class matter resiiistbleVforVuf.oxvu' actions. This is a- time that Satan is working hard to overpecially on all boards of education, of of reformatory institutions. It is throw the saints.. He and his emissaries properly woman's province- to assist in are wide awake. Sisters be calm , we know these matters; and' even in some of the older the right will triumph, and let us say ''The and conservative states where women have Lwd'.s .will be done," ...Do we rely upon not; the "ballot, appointments have been God for urace? Let us watch and ora v. men in i We must be wise "and not let our sympathy o(Mven to. women to take oart with such places. Certainly the men of Utah j run away with our judgment. We should who have been e leted to occupy the; be just also. ;.po good- to all but know highest positions in the gift of the people, what the Gospel requires. The Gospel, is to here and is free to all,- shall we descend-twill e iust and magnanimous enough o ' J j women without the level of those who reject it? recognize Sister Petersoh, bore her testimony, knew .to personally; if they "do not they- will greatly disappoint one half of the citizens the Gospel was true, and prayed to' be steadof this new. state, who next year will cast fast to its principles. One sister in the congregation spoke of their votes for ther men who have shown that they would stand by the platform of the blessings of God to her, had worked in principles upon which they- are elected. His house for the dead. There is no true Women in, such positions as educational happiness except among the saints of God, Another sister bore her testinlony, always,, charitable "arid reformatory" should be selected because of the fitness, adaptability rejoiced in this work. Be faithful, for the and capabilities for the place or places and stone from the mountains will crush all not because of party aOiiliations;' and when other things, as it rolls forth. Let us the time comes that woman's votes are strengthen the hands of onr brothers and " ' counted it is sincerely to be hoped, that they sisters. will make this. Sister Laker said she put the. kingdom of etc., one ..of the reforms, for which God first. Pray God to bless all my sisters and the brethren. they will exeiLtheir utmost intlueuce. Sister Morris, felt paid for coining to The "firt few years under Statehood will undoubtedly be fraught with greater intermeeting this afternoon. This is a day of est to all the citizens of Utah than one can trial, we came here to serve God. His comprehend beforehand. There is a destiny-fo- r kingdom takes all. The' weak the strong, the great West, which has been pre- all can who wish to serve Him and keep dicted by wise men and which is daily beHis commandments. ' The Lord is no coming more widely apparent that must be respector of persons. We gain the truth, iullfilled; and the 'generation now- growing but we cannot give it. All must seek for have to this I work and women it. up perform: pray God to 'strengthen the sisters will be participants as well as meir, there- - who preside over us fore the education and growth of knowledge Sister Julia Pack enjoyed herself in the on all progressive matters should .be equal, ( work of God, "I still feel firm in the work, and in this way greater historical epochs I desire, to be true, and be faithful? We Spirit-of-Gto have faillTaTid" jna.ybexonsu m ma ted tha n w heie ouly-- t need-the- men do the planning, and thinking and , may we overcome in the end. active work. Sister Hazen, "These meetings are a "Westward the course of empire wends source of joy to me. I feel at home, here, its way!" will become more and more I pray the Lord t to strengthen us The-Lothe theme of the poet, and the historian, as blesses those wlio desire to 'serve well as the statesman, and the leaders of Him. . - the people. Cities be will in built the up Counselor Elizabeth Webb, "I have been . now barren regions, and a higher-stat"of i., L. nw..t. a more momentous time' than it is now. will be the glorious future of the. people of Let us seekv the Lord continually for wis-- ; the intermouhtain states: and they will yet dom. May peace and quiet be restored solve the most difficult problems that 'agiis again. In the Temple of our God there tate the worid of mankind today. ' All that has ever been predicted of the peace. Let us go there and labor. Get the influence house, and take-i- t future fame and success of Utah, . will be home with us. We need the spirit of love more than realized and perchance during the and union. Let us meet together often and next decade. There should be no fear in the hearts of the people, but a firm faith in may none of us go astray.' A sister in the congregation bore her the providences of the Almighty, who will not fail that people, who put their trust in testimony, prayed for the spirit of God to ieaa ner at all times. "Another sister, was " Him. thankful that she Was in the Church, never doubted that this was the Church of God. LADIES' MEETING. Desired to be worthy, to be a child of God. Sister Julia Samson: A time is coming Minutes of meeting held in Fourteenth that we shall have to stand shoulder to Ward Assembly; Rooms, Nov. 2nd, 1895. shoulder. We have no idea what is before Counselor E. Stevenson presiding. us. We should pray for God to Opened strengthen , ' by singing-- "O, Jesus the Giver. ' us. The to us (if we Prayer blessings promised by Sister LD. Alder. Continued by sing: are faithful) we can only gain in the end, "Do what if we Sister ing Alder was isVright." enjoy the Holy Spirit we have concalled upon to act as secretary. Minutes of tinual : v peace. :; : previous meeting read and approved. lister Alder bore her testimony and de- - ' es- -- d. - - ' - 1855. 1, '.'- - how he walked a.ud s et they did not ;$K&rj3& K' . Salt Lake City, Utah, December w-- . i - ExFONtNT office. Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Bui'd-tnM:a Street, opposite Z.C. M, I.'. ., Business hours from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Ad dress all business communications. to Salt Lake City, s r talked-wfcW- t 'com-peten- char-ity.an- ar -- - ..' There are appointive offices in which women could do good worli.- - and 'deliv- dis-rejul- '.' protcr. Utah. iJe.-.Gity.: President librae having arri ved.suid she gl.ul to meet with us again, . said, "this is a tlay, when we .should be as' wise as serpent but harmless as doves, We should remember the teaching of Jes'us the first Legila:ure of the New State, and if the mem bers elect are wise in their 'Itcy, they "will show some consideration for in, their deliberations wh'en they meet' previous to the Legislative session Cjt '!tfdiicS'oa maae ror N.ST-.V-- C1 r . o d beirg-appeale- - FAITH IX THE FUTURE OF UTAH. Some matters pertaining to the new state, antLthe state of affairs in the new state, are being discussed very fairly by women as well as men, and why not? Women may not be considered capable of judging important issues and questions pending, that involve property rights, individual rights and marital rights,, as well as rites; but they have quite as much at stake, and perhaps even more, for women have greater concern with home and its relations to the state and .with children, and the homes are what the nation is made up of principally and there would be no nation if there were no children. The class of people who migrate, and liave no settled homes are not a nation, they are only a tribe; women then if so deeply interested should qualify themselves to discuss intelligently, every question, which pertains to the life and being and' welfare of this nation, and other nations; the' should acquaint themselves with geographical conditions of country, especially their own country, as well as other matters, that make up the sum total. To be ignorant of these things is to be at the mercy of other people, a u d there is very little excuseJbiJgnQrance-i- u this day and age of the world in our free and enlightened country;- - There are books and magazines and newspapers everywhere and on all subjects, and one is never too old to learn while one lives. And now that women are so soon to assume the responsibilities of the elective franchise, it becomes a sacred duty to in- thtr grave questions 111 of the times which they are living; It is hot necessary to make it a public, matter or to actively participate in public life most women shrink from tha,t, there are other .methods and ways of studying, and every e sensible woman should avail herself of the best opportunities possible-ther, or within herreach, to look into things, and get at least a general idea of the government "under which she is living and how its affairs are conducted. The women' of Utah should not be behind those of the neighboring states, where equal suffrage is enjoyed and exercised; and we have noted with great satisfactiohjand " r some lime pnae in ine iact also; tnat our sisters both in Wyoming and Colorado have J displayed considerable ability, and a good degree of tact in the part they have taken in the state affairs. .' It is a source of regret to those who are specially interested in equaKsuffrage, thy women were not permitted to take part in ' -- xnr Wide-awak- o " : . V " . j . j . - ' . . ' - . -- . non-partisanshi- tion, f3 - . --- . . - r j j od, - - I rd 6 . ' - - i , .: . SEMI-MONTHL- -- " ... Y . : ' " 