EXPONENT MAN'S E MM ELINE B. WELLS, .... . gate in pi . . ' ' 'ri. - ' . " " - ; - -- : . ! w . w , " ' . - " . . alt-com- e - ,manageroLthedivision-of-in- oi . tguge-"n- i debtedness cf the city of St. Louis'. In July 1890 she was appointed Lady Commissioner for Missouri on the World's Fair Board of Directors She is . a very d in strong character and is as well as in the law and! is familrar history with the great questions- of the'-da- y and holds very. positive opinions of her own on -many r general national subjects. Miss Couzins entered the lecture field as an advocate of woman suffrage in i S 76 and has been quite celebrated for her brilliancy and .eloquence! upon the public platform. .Miss Couzins has lectured in most of the large cities of .the United States and has &a national reputation as an easy fluent and forcible speaker. In a recent campaign in' Colorado she took atf active part and traveled through he:- bills and canyons into the rural and mining- - districts, speaking to; small and well-verse- - . . . - : - - hu-mani- ty ' througlrHhe natural love fvhich is so strong in the heart and soul of every true 1 . woman. . On Wednesday and on Thursday Feb. ea;h 20th, and 21st,- - the President atnrtl organizations" viz; the Woman's Relief 'Society , and the Y7 L K. discuss important questions, M. '.I.. A; in the morning session , Mrs. Zina D. II. Youug's'subject will be "The Need of Cooperation of Men and Women in all Work." MrsV Elmina :S. Taylor, '"Women as directors in Boards of Education. , One evening each Presidents will preside, and make opening addresses. The papers read in the N. W. R. S. will be Ileridity and Progressionism, (paper) Dr, Ellis R. Shipp, "The Sixth Sense" (paper) Sarah M. Kimball, "Forty Year's in the Valley of the .; Great Salt Lake" E; B. Wells, ! ' 'The Spirit of Reform Reduced to - : . - . , the-gre- . Con-ection- -- ' ; of-th- e ' A Social The Editorial Side of rrtinge i .Reform!.- -. fnaurrV dern . - hieejftigs he ;:delegat "froin eabh of these Associations, viz; R', S. and V. 'I, will have thirty minutes allowed to each for a report of work from the commencement of the work down to the, present lime. . . . . NLalw l Iteslde was-give- - M is-Mo- g, d, V Education, Minnie J. Snow, Education; doing for A mpnWrr kli 'InnnerYSnT. Vountr Gatps iii the uev Grand Opera :acy" house. January; 15th, the' audience was not, large but very appreciative. On, Tuesday. January 15, Miss. Couzins spoke in Ogden PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT. at the City Hall and afterwards during the. Salt:Lakk City; Utah, week to womens' clubs and to the .people as Salt Late City, Utah, Entered at the Post OJice'Jn in Thomas' Hall. of Mrs. second class matter In Ogden she" was the Salt Lake City, January i and 15, 1895. " Hilliard which made her stay there! very" pleasant. Miss Couzins gives her Salt Lake theater MISS PHCEBE COUZINS. lecture Sunday evening January 20th, sub "The Pilgrim Mothers and Daughters Miss . PucEiiE Couzins of St Louis, ject,' Cavaliers. ''!! of the distinguished lawyer and lecturer, and at one time Uniied States Marshal of the Eastern District of Missouri, (serving out THE NATIONAL COUNCIL OK her father's term after his decease,) has WOMEN. been for; some weeks in our city at the Tempjeton Hotel. .Miss Couzins is acThe Nationol Council of Women of the companied by her brother, who is like.her-sel- f United States is.'. of far more importance a Sort of and as they are than it is generally '." considered even by the only two left of the family, they like people of education and advauced modern to keep together as much as possible. ' It is a comparatively-neideas of progression MissCouzins who is much broken down "method of bringing into harmony in health came here with' the idea of trygreat national organizations, and is most our for celebrated hot rheumaing springs certainly calculated to broaden ones to time but this has not availed tism, up horizon of thoughts and opinions. But we herself of the opportunity, fearing the cold have not time just-noto give the Counfrosty air might not be beneficial after a cil idea, but we would like the women of bath of that kind. Utah of. whatever faith they niay be to After Miss Couzins graduated from the comprehend" the great good' to ail by ashigh school of her native "city she chose, the sociating- with women of other countries, law asu profession, her application for ad- andmaintain the only safe and sure policy mission to the Washington university in of being able to uphold and defend the St. Louis in 1869 was granted without a standard maintained by them at home, dissenting Voice; she was an earnest student when coming in contact with women of while there, and was graduated with honor and extraordinary views and in 187 1, when-- public dinner was given to opposite " opinions. celebrate the event. 7 At the Triennial Council in Washington She has been admitted to practice in all D. C. opening on the 12th of February and" of courts the Missouri, the United States closing March the Utah ni,-- ' 1895, District Court, and in the courts of Kansas women Avill-- 4r r a"good opportunity for was the" first woman in the anxi:Utah;"she d indeed, there seems to representation United States appointed to a Federal ex- have been a- - ovidence in the way. it has ecutive office,, receiving her commission ah , from such small beginnings. from Justice Miller. She has twice been The Lord loves his daughters as well as appointed Commissioner for the State of his sons, and he will "aid them to .accomMissouri on the National Board of Charities plish the purposes designed for the redempand Corrections; superintendent of the Cen- tion of woman and the blessing of sus, Robert-- ' P. Potter, appointed her d in whichlrpy pre AelySnu-e- semi-invali- ' Woman's What ryTVTrf - fftxme: Trans-Mississip- - . y, LrrzzK,v to-the.- St. Louis, and after the close of that Conhas very gress she came on to Utah. She several graciously consented to speak. here times to clubs of women, and has given and charming topics in her easy, graceful nleasinsr.stvle. Editor. in SaltJ Lake City, Utah. Published. one ,;oPy six J110"5' Terras: one topy one yc.t,.U- clubs tor No City papers dehv-re- a reduction made 50 cts. ' : Inr naail, extra (or postage pne year, 35 cts. 01 ten lines Eacu 3?Aejs: square, nonpareil :sp; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. B.uild-nExponent office! Rooms 227 & 223 Constitution Main Street, opposite Z.C. M.. I. Business hours from . to a.m. to 5' p.m. every day, "except Sunday. r : Address all business.communjcatiojis to semi-inoutb!- h ; dtirial CfntrHrutir. ASSIB "WELLS CAftSOS yCarHiA). ' fe Cv,. 4 large audiences as "tfie case might her a dele- . Waite of. that state .appointfcd al ; ; EDITOIAL NOTES. Although the Exponent has from time to time received many favorable notices in other papers, and by letter from individuals, it ha's not been customary to publish ..them." At the present time however, it may not be out of place for the .sake of encouragement to use some extracts from letters recently received from .literary friends who are looktug w'ith interest towards Utah: One wqmair editor and correspondent of foreign papers writes, "I enjoy your paper , very, much, it seems as if your Women lead a much Letter life - than we have where we are surrounded by so much sensation and noise. I wish that I could come there and then meet nioFe of your worntn." AiKither celebrated and reverent woman wini hair like snowT. who has been foremost in the field of reform for half "a century and more, says concerning our little paper. "It interests and pleases' me to see are the women of Utah, and that they are seeking advancementTrirdiffefentlllreCtions and trying make life worth living.'" A ' ' gentleman who resides in Washington' I). C. and is familar with newspapers and politics as also with the' grave questions of the day writes.. "You edit and publish a neat and .readable paper," then he tells us ho w' fond he is of our poetry, in .a very complimentary way, and specially mentioi certain strong articles from pur contribute Jrs. Anoiner very prominent Washington woman who spent some time in Utah, a few years ago and is nniehterescd in- s work wrote me rerpntlv "I am always delighted to get your good! little paper for it is so full of that which tells of the earnest never-tirin- g 'lives of the Mormon women, and I am right back, in Dear Old Utah, dnd breathe the fresh air of her valleys, as it comes from her grand' mountains,, yes, l am for a - . how-activ- e o ' : - . - white-cappe- d itme-odiyliere- rtf -- .unngiisii nd pleasure gentleman traveling for. information through the United States stated to a friend of ours that the Exponent was the only paper he ' had seen that he could read right without finding anything offensive.through With such comments from disinterested people one would .think our own sisters would . make an extra exertion to sustain the if only in view of the good it may paper, do in "the world know the views and letting of the women of opinions Utah. During the absence of the editor in Atlanta and in Washington the, office will be 111 charge of her Miss Isabel Sears, who is thoroughly acquainted with the work and competent to discharge! the .duties of the office, will answer all correspondence in relation to the business of tlie paper, make! collections receiot for money, and such other business as may be -- -- ! . -- . . far-fam- ed grand-daughte- r, . . 