r 7 t. 'i A "Its . 44tr LIJLV. Kl: r 1 ror-tai:;a.a' .rih r ias r .Tbs-- -- . .'C.Ov!.- TV? VC ,x . .Tite to; c.t. h "lie llXX , w 2La. -- .o--i- tf -- r 1 i y -- xq t'lii:-- L: '. 'tic: ; cilUd the "wottd i - - - JU about of childhood of tlic u hen ii.iH'r. 'heart ;i :C.t I iM VOMlULi- sv t lu 'juv fiom t gotirununt . jH'rioti fiuuv tlu- - i 4v4WHHtot-pnrnnii;hnTrvC!rv4JCvU.'iH'v- tnuv, x en ds twrnv aiur ; UvL; This wouM;.nd ; :'i:4tv-'hvcvhahiiv- wa. ihr. jvwir is ; the. hatt 'ot nurr ivrhk 4 sou by thv national cvcu)iucjittiioni tht-jikkI ii the com! u tVUMv.Uvwi'K-- "nxti-- - r vt h.idoi sei-go- v. here this aai glad therefore. rroug. in lnomeut to congratulate you upon this great r:tru.:!i and nearer taruht.:-I- U was character, are thce who jvvsscsstd .moral ami gcxxl result, which has come to you, 'or ve m . !K1 - a;. I want tocou. you.-were cvHirae courage to stand up-:i- or principle, Vis abuit to come-tfor right, for truth: tr. en and women who ana. wqzicli in gratiilate you all that in the making of the th tvuruge io cros thoplains. She have unfaltering faith in .God, who have .; fundamental law of your state in your Con- would - like to ask - what it was that njade : ieal; and have lecp:ne obedient to the higher, Ceutim you ' have ordained that justice thenx' hold on day after day. At 'night there laws of God. These traits were requisite . shall be done to all' your jeople; that the was the biinnu ' lire, and all around the drv to success; "and if vou uien.and women," (.women w,ho toiled by "your sides, who came 'are loyal to these j. over the plains with you' men, who have dust of the plains, to consume tuenl within said the speaker, and without. What, was it that made posprinciples the time will come vneii your siuiered all you nave suilereu, ana a great sible for them, with the darkness still state shall be. a glory and an honor to the deal more than many will ever knpw, of Union of States and you shall le a glory to sacrifice and hardship--around, to lie down without fear of surcongratulat.e you, I in Wliat it them vas sense that made of say, justice, and genrounding danger. your ' rise up the following morning, and go still Everywhere help was needed to get rid erositv you have incorporated in your con- on and on towards the setting sun? Was it of the' sin and wrong every where to be stitution, which is to be law of yoi statV1, God wotilcl found. .Whv was it so? Was it because that women shall .lie by your side. Justice not an unfaltering faith-tha- t. he bad?.-Sto men be loved lead them to the land of promise vhere did not believe is what every human being longs for, and, the. worst man in the world loved to be bad. therefore, I, today, congratulate" you upon they could build their future homes and where they could rest? Iiaith in God was He was led by certain impulses, which he this auspicious moment wjien theTeriitory the inspiration of all great men of old. believed would add to his pleasure and to of Utah is about to become a state, that the Plutarch, 2, ooo "yeais ago, stated that lie his comfort; but to believe that he did this women who for the last few years have been found cities' without theatres or gymnasiums because he loved to be bad was a mistake. disfranchised not by the law of the Terbut never' without places for sacrifice, She believed that ihe' great majefrity of man ritory, but by national legislation will be;. shrinks and grxls.. That which had drawn kind vere reachiug up. to ward God, groping restored to their, just right. I know you men together into societies, into cities and in darkness aud ignorance though they will go on and prosper, and that you will ' into nations was faith in an might, be. She. had so mftth faith in become the greatest of the mountain states, holds the destinies of all humanity and in God that she' believed that and it is destined to become one of the great Providence who hollow of His Almighty ' wherever, out' of the darkness, a single soul states of the nation. , This is the third in the people hand. Faith in God ennobled man in disis turned, the light of God's spirit would mountain state that has ordained justice to shine in that soul. And, so, believing in all the people, that lias declared that their tress, in adversity and in business. But men and. women must not only. have humanity,, believing in God, she looked for government shall be genuine, not for a part moral courage, must not. only have unward to the time wheii every knee would of the people; but for the whole faltering faith in God; there were higher bow in obedience to God, and men would laws that "must be obeyed. Every man and, show by their love for the Almighty their woman realized that there were spiritual, love for each other; their faith in Him by laws toward which their spirits responded as' their; faith in each other; His willingness POETRY. did flower to the rays of the sun, and the to help them by their willingness to help' f a - Poetry is the man or woman, who was strong in character each other; 4; lor haw could we love God language of 'the soul, the was tlie one Afowsole3Ient to; the teach' whom we have not seen if we do not love inspiration of mankind, and praises of nature ings.of.the spirit. . No man was fit to be a our brethren. whom we have seen." Then and of God! There is poetry in beautiful general in the army whoThad not first been, shall come the better day, and then the thoughts, .kind deeds and loving words: a private, and learned how to obey. No better time. God would never leave us there is poetry in the chirp of the meadow-lar- k man was fit to be a teacher who had not alone, never forsake us. In all our battles and the croak' of the frog; there is himself the principles he taught to others. for truth .He. would be by our side. It was poetry in the rising and the setting sun, in No man was fit to be a leader in statescraft ou r duty to seek Him morni ng, noon an d -- the stars and the moon, in a beautiful sky; who had not himself beenaiightZlSo;iio eventider-Htrwho served God faithfully here there is poetry in the hills and the dales, manofwomati was fit for the. work of God would reap the harvest by and by; he who and the delicate tinted flowers that grow in this world who had not first of all bewould serve God faithfully in disappointthere; there is poetry in the mountains and come obedient to the teachings of God in ment, discouragement shall be given the the laughing streams that , rush down their - " U ncorn prising, victory in the end.; 'his or her own life.., sides. There is poetry in music, painting v obedience to the teachings of God was necesThe speaker concluded by saying that and art; iii everything that is beautiful, sary. Just think of that mighty man Lord she was glad to have had the privilege of grand, sublime, noble and true. Byron a man Of masterful mind a miracle comingliere and of- - speaking a few words PersonsJiveJ)een hMosaytlieydisof poesy. In his soul was a harp so divinely to the people. She .hoped that 11 would like poetry". "It readily shows that they do fingers would" faiu have go forth' realizing the- responsibility resting not understand it and cannot appreciate it. touched its strings. It pleased God to place' upon them, and closed her address by a Poetry is not mere To show you rhyme. this mighty power m the hands of man, 'prayer for the; blessing of God to rest upon poetry is "not always written in rhythmica but when God asked him -- for a song which all His children. ' numbers I will sue:g:est that.youread. "The would have lifted men out of degradation, President A. M. Cannon' next introduced Tempest" from Charles Dicken's, "David out of the dark vales of despair, he took Copperfield" or John : Ruskin's "Modern MISS SUSAN the harp and sank it in the dust at the feet Painters. ' ' selfish of his Who spoke as follows: "It is just about lusts, and the whole world To illustrate to you how poetry is the mourned the loss of the song. Each of t wenty-fou- r I that was years ago present in language of he soul, I will quote from - God's children had received, from God. a this on the day upon Longfellow ' s " Psalm of Life." soul similarly attuned, aud if one would but which you dedicated it to the service of the "Tell me not in' mournful numbers ' hearken he would hear His divine voice; Lord, and every nook and corner, of this Life is but an empty dream, Christ promisetl that He not only would great building; was packed on the occasion soul is dead that slumbers own His own, but that His own would with people from every, of. Ter' the And things are not what they seem. know Him. They would know His voice, ritory, mairy- - being unablepart : Life : is to gain admitreal, life is earnest, and they would follow Him, and the voice tance. It was the most And the grave is not its goal; magnificent gatherot-- a Dust thou art to dust returnest, stranger they would notrfollow. And ing I ever saw, and it was brought together in Was not spoken of the soul,"; so in all time the souls of men have been the midst bfHhe trouble that any greatest divinely attuned to hear the voice of.Ood. people who were seeking to do rieht could Is there a heart that does not feel a resr Men may never have heard of the written go through. In this quarter of a century ponsive thrill when perusing these eloquent yord, and, yet they are not left wjthout a you have come; to the splendid moment thoughts. But what would they have been , sria tb.rwoiili.' &Uow I - i ! , M vvy, A vLv 4t:.V chafed -- Oi VVLV-iV-vv v. t - I to-l- e' -- . . r- , - Vt - 5 -- j I the-world.- " - j over-rulin- g " . . j - . ' . ' . . tuned-that-ang- .; -- - el . ; great-Taberna- cle . For-th- e -- ; . . -- , A" "'' V ; i- .. J 