'heart fly. eiubrse the veutimeiitV,f' 'Lulu,.' Vpint. of Reform" .fcduvx'd iti ne r . ; bet's' was no ''Weary face andfaded "hairr"" UurcL- -MilLTing, ' - j w.- - .e t.e . Penedictioii bv Bislmn. L. S. Anderson. Sister Sarah Peters m. then invited all the" vigors from the neighboring settlements anil all. officers of the Kphraim" Relief Society, to adjourn to the Relief Society Hall where all partook, of a bounteous re-- past prepared by the home "sisters Aitkkndo.v. session: Opened with f thou O, singing,. '"Guide us " Prayer by PJder ileniy Jehoyah." . Real. "Softly beams the Singing, sacied dawning." .ComTselor Minerva W. Snow said in thinking of Sister Young and the great importance of the office she held, how our hearts should go out in p.ayer for her," said she had just - visited the ReD'ef Society of the Stake," and Young Ladies Association and could see that they are growing. Hoped "we- would always be dictated in wisdom. Counselor Sarah Peterson felt pleased to hear the reports of the presidents, felt as though she colild report the presidents, for she had associated with them so mush." Ad vised the sisters to take care-othe wheat" which President Young had called upon them' to gather and save:;. President Young said that in the first sermon ' delivered by President Brigham Y'oung iu Utah he said: "There is much silk here," the sisters should be interested in this. We should, study economy, teach it to our childreu, Felt that the Heavens were, pleased with both organizations,-prayethat we would .all hold the principles of this work more sacred than us take comfort .'Inutile .'face :witfi6v have young and bright again." when-w- e fought'thebaHle of life and passed 'beyond the river. 'Baek to the. Long,. Apjo," at U. l; Hewlings; touches, a chord in my heart, as it must in every heart that reads it and has had A like experience; it is a sad,: sad pleas--- f ure to go buck after many years to the home and scenes' of childhood, to enter in at the same old door, to stand on the same hearth-stonand find not the loved ones of those early days, find not the. dear hand that lighted the fires on the old hearthstone, bear not the loving voices bidding us welcome, to find the same garden flowers, but planted and tended by others not of the old time band ''"'. O,. life what a fitful changing dream of joy and sorrow, of which the fleeting years leave us but a memory. . To my friends in Utah I would send love and greeting, some of them promised a visit to this laud when we get a Temple herc and Ipray that tjme may come ere , those helped make the days I spent in our Salt Lake Temple, so pleasant to me have passed on to the "Better Laud" to reap the reward of their labors ' here. v Sincerely Your Friend, Ab.--vwJXc'--- Wt ttStitt'lhar tlictty - . . . S. K. Russkll. wej j - will be judged by." - ;.' Mile rca-- 1 ' " -- Sister II uusakir," President" Houey.ville, "Those wlio are faithful, 'will gain the re- " ' ward." ;' S i s t e r R ol i n s , ' fro n l S n o w v i e , that I may ever have a testimony, 1 1 1 "I h o pe may we" ' all prove faithful.";. Sister Rowen. from Beaver Dam, M We ' have good attendance and all are ready to do their duty." President Zina I). .II. Young, "I feel very happy, we are something like the iiir. fants, their weakness is their strength,. .we . need to lean upon the Lord." "I never saw; a time before like this, how' love and we need to come together.-gaininconfidence, this union is to be the greatest boon, to build up one another, this is - . . - g . our-streng- th. - f - ' - . the Lectures on Faith.' . Sister Dewey, President Dewey ville, "The record we- make on this earth, is what - . e, Ci'? , President Three '- We hud it a great beneht to Creek - ;;a.ne. us--j- ... -- ' Corne .let Sister llubhrrd, President .at Wilhml, Let us try to Ik. faithful and train owr children in virtue and ti n tli. Sister Jensen, President at Geneva: have a go(xl,attentance and a g0td spirit in j ;U:.wugs, Sister Thcrric, : - . : and were therciore desiiiied.' to progress.; Where the sons of "God are, . there the. devil iValsoy therefore we should be-oourj in y.nipjinie wiin " owier.- atigusUi A and turn's back memory '"Hunting Hat. to the d;i'v when '.. CouUljivj- Asters ot .vinoete that thev aie humble xaTT v';'- maris of the: sisters ::u (id hojed we might profit by them. Xoprac-- , tire, and"'' "pra yn6Otva.i ;' tli'eda : ; - WhenT look at my old sisters 1 wonder, wdiere our recruits are coining from? .We advance and at last step outV We are here" to be tried.to learn to endure, and to do our work well; our religion- goes into every household," that is the beauty of it, do our little duties, well, the world have not the - I . key to approach the Lord as we have, we should greatly appreciate this privilege." Referred to President Woodruff saying, "That the destroying angel has gone abroad. I a clannist, I love one nation, as well as another. It is a divine mission of woman, to raise her children; life itself. build you a Relief Society house as soon as President Elmina S. Taylor said: The you can, the Rrophet Joseph gave- a lot for Relief Society is of great importance, it is that purpose, at the first organization. We in each branch not only to help the poor, want to grOwr and increase in all the good but also to help ourselves; fully believed that things that God gives. May the Lord had faith to us do the His will and keep His many by attending their strengthen kept is m been hearts cheered have commandments, y prayer, amen." meetings. Their, Sister limmeline B7 AYells. "I am verv comforted and better: President Canute Peterson said the Visters j pleased fo be here, I feel, that not any of report in regard to the poor being well us really realize what the Relief Society cared for, is interesting to us, and to our has been to us, we, would not have had-thleading brethren. "No one can be truly chance to advance, without it, as we do .; good to the poor unless they ' love Christ. now, every, sister who rises lip 'to., speak-3aid in regard to the franchise he would, helps'some one else, we want to be bra v, vote for the' women of Utah we - want to remember we stand in the.-- -ot the Lord; we must forgive onierence aaiourneci .wTtlT singing. C. N. Christeneach other, and loojc into our own hearts." Prayer by son. Related a great deal from" Washington , re-- j II. E. Armstrong, Cor. Sec ferred to the Scandinavian sisters in Copen-- ; hagen, about their meetings. Spoke of the BOX ELDER STAKE. j Maori sisters. The Sandwich Islands re-- j v is always interesting, really an examOur Quarterly Conference convened in port to us. I think we should be a little ple the Tabernacle at Brigham- City, 011 June careful about our gifts, I believe we sisters 1895; vuuliSClul nth, ngni pre- shou d he a Kcrht tn of -- , R. S. RKPORTS. " am-no- t d -- Iiphraim. - Minutks of Relief Society Conferencs held at Kphraim June 28,1895. President yl. A. P. "Hyde presiding. Singing, "Come, come ye Saints." Prayer by Elder R. N. Allred. Singing, uVe thank thee O, God for a prophet." Presi : . dent AIA- - P-- 1 ; remarks, said she hoed the blessings of the Lord might be with us. Minutes of previous conference read and approved. Verbal reports were given by the presidents of the .various branches of the county. President Zina I). H. Young said she felt happy to see so' many present JTI Prophet Joseph organized this Society after the pattern of the holy priesthood. In speaking of attendance she said,' "Come sisters come, and partake of the waters of life; it is a great thing to have our souls educated-- " Thought it important to have a correct record kept for future generations. If any "go astray, put your arms "around them and bring them back, a word of encouragement does much good, and those who.are all right should thank" God for it. Said how ""good it is to witness the same good spirit among the sisters. . President Elmina S. Taylor said she was pleased to be with us again and like aunt - ; e j ; j . . ioriiree--months---presen- " j , ; ' - - , - ojnging, Prayer by Emilia up, " ! c up,. Counselor M , un,say wnatis lruth." i.the ! wnrlmfr v.,r ij-n.,..- nA t ti,;, V right said: " fed so sor- - unable. to be .with us, may the blessings of the Lord be ? nnvHn r.ssocianon Airon4 we are but few wha meet togethefTburthe we have emigrated souls Sister Allrtson president Bear River fifty-eig- " aa cu D. Madsen, Singing, T went to Whincrt ueienciers or ion."Tw nfpr onP nf tl, t&nki. Zina ejijoyed tlieSpjriLJhat-wa- s preset! tr Said half of the work cannot be written here, but when the books are opened then we will be rewarded for .what we have done our sacrifices will cpme back in the form of blessings. ' President Hyde felt thankful for the re- - ce j - : ' " fewopening lyde-made- -a : - . I f j ! saw son.e of the influential men ami spoke favorably, we had. aheady peU rAr r Utah ' I oeneve ,we shall ! h,h- - m,A 1 i,,. ...... ione'L ouilaup.that . - ttcfr' ht ,u m- - - remunerative to the ngel from on benediction by . Zella 3 Counselor, - -- x ... " . UTm a foundation." - Prayer by Bishop. V 