a Demosthenes.- the attention ' . "- - ; evn? dtrti bred,"' ucces;ul ceichers in"": he -. had more .cr ifiiHv--:v.- tLivt:: Ave no! . atgiuutMit, ' v V1 , Ie i :X)ii:"j &ut e twits - cu u a i TjntjKiiuv-- . nor "the way, mgc lid u jfCb s "to '4 . t U4 4eKr e me amiiiihnc oeeit Ul! - heis bold' . J f . Kd: i ' examined with the deecst uv ami anxiety, be For Ueils, MaiukrCAugusta When I learned that there would. serious.; cnam-if always praise unnnxt.'' RtAimc', WifcmJ :iidev May Wells. Keetie .opixsition;-- expected ,;t!ut''opiK)suig com- Mi the And what people but a herd confused, pious would arm themselves with a A miscell.ineous rabble, who extol 'others t could '..najner'ut.- Muee forbids? prehension of the: subject and that their arscarce wqrtfi Things vulgar and, be unanswerable, would atid and the ij ;meu guments the not, young Certainly praise? should only have a They praise and they admirethey know not what young women of Utah are just as capible. never dreaming that we of the old ignorant prejudices and And know" not whom, but as one leads the other; now as e'verf and bur training schools ouglit what delight to be by such extolled? connected with the proper atten- - Andlive to be, and I believe are, e,qual to the Hast- To c . r.. i upon their tongues and he their talk, em training schools. Why then should we' uon oi women w uie creaiuic wmiui x? ui Qf. whom t0 he dispraised were ho small praise?" ' not keep. our money at home, employ, our their tamuies.ana tne wrecic oi nomes. i am As there are certainly no stars in iriy po-- . once more reminded practically of. what .own people in .thisrocatiojp' It a corporation should talk of sending Ha't for lalor to Geo. W. Cable once said: "I have never litical horizon to.be blotted out, if there be political pabulum hr this quotation, build a smelter, or a railroad, or great seen an argument qginst woman suffrage dis'make the best of it!' undertaking, think ,of the furore it would that was not flimsy. Men are much Three speeches of upward of an hour how the workjngmen would hold posed to exaggerate the difficulties of Voting intelligently- - when they talk of. women each, and yet the seeking after a real pearl mass meetings, and tile - people would protest, and yet every year some hundred men voting. By the time a public question is of thought throughout the whole mass of and women come here and .teach in our ready for the popular vote it has become a rubbish is like the proverbial, seeking for. a public schools. Personally they are well very simple question that "requires", little "needle in a straw stack!" Perhaps, howliked, and their society is enjoyed, because, more than honesty and common sense to ever, in her cry for logic woman is" but givof course, they are cultivated, refined and "vote upoiv.it. If our mothers are not fit to ing another proof of her "incapacity for invote they ought to stop bearing sons.-- ' in every way an ornament and a pleasure dependent" research as well as action, and The only one of the opposition one would adding- - thereunto a flagrant proof "of her to the city, as refinement and education allack" of intellect by her inability to dulj; apdeign to run a tilt with is the "redoubtable ways is, but do they, make their homes per. preciate a flight of oratory for its manently with us, and is it necessary to herd (?) ''from Da vis.' ' And as the1 'gentleman from Davis' was have them? A school teacher is well paid, Something in the poet's fix, you salaries range from fifty to a hundred and so lionized ,we must exatminehis arguments know. But the most hardened orator would, and ascertain what they, are worth. Argus Does not not refuse her just a little sip, even though "fifty dollars a month. of the wages of an Eastern teacher ment! Oratory there may have been to such God and nature man and prehistoric cusgo out of the Territory, while all of it as sat under the spell of his voice. But tom, render her, by birth, quite incouipe, would remain if Utah teachers were em-- ! logic! Argument! Are they not mainly tent to drink deeply at the Pierian spring of ployed? Besides, do these Eastern people conspicuous by absence? In his last speech logic or oratory. a tli rows Lave, their homes' and come West to teach, he withering disdain upon the First, then, we are confronted with the he were too weak and chivalrous (?) assertion' that we are really for as small a wage as a U tah teacher would poet as if. quite to the "soulful" appreciate majestic flights not capable of exercising the franchis?, that accept, in other words do they not come is orator. of the the hearth must limit all our aspirations, lie, too, magnanimous! pretty high? This question may cause some discpssion He is "in earnest terribly in earnest" that women are sweet and pure and wholeA what? for and to of Utah insist on worn the some around the fireside alone, and this threadbare, ragged, but people ought 'Utah talent being employed. as far as pos- out prejudice, or the music and tinkling complemented by the proverbial curse of sible in the public schools' I do not speak .symbols of his voice? It would have been Eve. Paul, too, is quoted, and we do not ignorantly when' I say I know the Utah more to his honor had he been armed with see why he did not go on and quote Paul, teachers are the equal of the Eastern teachsomething of the 'logic, philosophy and in- - bidding us stay at home and learn of our In a school near me a lady from cisiveuess." he so bitterly mocked. ers. husbands, etc. Admitting Paul's fervent But behold the terrible forces w hich ho zeal and matchless logic, we still hold that Michigan was employed, she had a small marshaled to the contest! And, especi has school, an average attendance of fifteen the customs of hisjiineinjegard pupils tho' over thirty were enrolled. Her ally, forget rioXyiedramatic-courage-x- jf wiir scarcel y ' ' wash ' ' in our nineteenth hours were from: nine u n til half-paswo, lierd digging his political grave in defense century, even making allowance for nineand she received sixty dollars a month; her of wrong, and oppression! Ahr he was treteenth century and presumption. in earnest was about the third she that biit and reader mendously Then in regard to Kve's curse: Is it not highest grade grave, had only four or five scholars in that grade, he was not without strong faith that he amnsingr would it not be really laughable .as soon 'as school closed shewent hack to should dump the majority of the Convenwere it not used as such a potent weapon tion into its gloomy depth before himsel f, Against us by cruel hands, to see how Michigan for the summer. glibly She was a good, teacher but no and then, having killed .the dragon "that men can quote: Her "dozens better than of Utah- girls I had risen froui the ashes of the past to JtsrtiesfanamflreTfia'deshcjUaJlhe rule- over lie r. If could mention, and I know thevwould scattered the you counter quote: So Cod created man V; iaveteiFglaTtloTiaTelaTeTaiat school at dragon's teeth by mighty oratory, he no His- oicn image; uale and female created ", ' forty. or even thirty dollars a month, and doubt hoped to see the armed giants rising He than. : up out- of the earih ; terrible as an army A nd God blessed them, and Cod said unto spent it all in Utah besides. And' for ohe a woman, a mother a would-bvoter I nith banners to scare- away the Tyrians TIIKM, be fruitful, and multiply, and re declare for Utah teachers in 'Utah schools so (the women) and follow him as their leader plenish the subdue and it and. HAVK eatth, far as possible. - Let a city employ its own to the erection of Thebes or the monument "etc. dominion, They, are "not posted, talent, cultivate its own people. Of course of man, sole, unquestioned monarchy in "not well up in the 2ible anyway, you where the Kastern teachers make Utah government. The Heaven's blessing know, never was very religious at best. their home help to build her tip, are taxrest ever upon him as the faithful, prophetic, Don't take much stock in religion, you vateher on the tower, catching the l first see." Ah, payers, "and are a part of us, why encourage no, plenty of them that "take them by employ tiient, we cannot have too dim ray of advancing truth; and the oratbr no stock in religion," except to remind of the if he were cultured is it but to many careful, too; people among us, his women of the"sharpen curse of mother Evetheir only against those who come solely for our arrows in the. silent surroundings of his religion becomes quite eloquent then. money. and have their homes in other private study' that he might be armed it be a curse would it not be more Then'if states that I protest. yith thought, and if sincere prayer-f- or in accord With the justice, right-- . ;Annik Weu.s Cannon. righ enlightened his soul: with truth, we eousness of a true chivalry, manhood to ameliorate would not quarrel witlf" his calling, either. and so lighten sweeping a degradation? The Plan of Work Coniniittee has com- But when it becomes mere music to catch Adam's curse was to earn his bread by : the pleted the political educational system which the. ovations of the multitude we. are resweat of his brow. Does even our Hero will soon be in the hands of those suffragists minded of another poet w ho, after all, be'. 'from Davis"; . who desire it. object to a man's accumulaAng but a poet, and 'a "poor blind' old tion of sufficient wealth to make others do Ashbv, .C-..J- i ' -- ' " Hiaiith of the greatest oi aueauiuy pouts,'.' i pnuosopner phu tnthiopit cumbined: .1 w I , - . well-weighe- d, well-nig- h " ; re-has- h bug-bear- s 4. . ) i --- - . . . -- . 1 - slieer-music- - three-fourth- ' ' - -- i j ' to-woin- err- tel self-conce-it - - . i plague-themTiidha- ving - ' - '. - -' . ' - - e ptl 1 - - ; - , ' ' i 