t UVnAITPlIT s jbl VI -- ' CON' ' l'L. iV: II 1 vl ir i i i w ii r 5" SALT LAKE I II . ' ' CITY, UTAH, AUGUST, i, 1895. .Will he UiTUitv? DTt m not so; But, my darling, while we go ' ' Treading here the dust Sliadows startle; storms and dearth Shake'our souls;. thenVhile you live Truest wisdom 'tis to give pf the deep gifts of thine heart-- ": Still to Heav'u the fondest part: " Trust Him best who'dwells above, Eternal God of Truth and Love! So shall ye, frcm youth to age, Read an ever bright'ning pdge, Love shall fonder, happier grow, Warm as sunhine pure as snow: No. 5 . .mark? In the blending of two'living souls, The rimilyKiiig(!an;SvA"jxiV.har(!s,;lIn1; who;as Father and Mother, 'are to be the foundation of the building to be reared.. KuraL England A Story, Notts And 'News. . Here love's cementing power is felt, and Kimball-lWiLetter Fro.m Foreign twain become as oie. ' Far OfT Mexico S.. E. Russell. Hi S. Reports. Seldom if ever will two agree to walk Golden Wedding Amy Thomas. The the journey of life together, as one, in the Economy Of UVmenR S. 1). Extracts From absence of love,; that love; which demands A. Decade Of Eyptlgy.-- the sacrifice of self to another, and without Ell 10KIAL: ViHt To Alaska. Women which it. cannot be done. In fove the con- ' iiaei ib iuaue, aim uy love s sacruiee aione it be preserved. In all the intent mir. roETHY: can Riihy'TLamont. Wedding Bells Woman's Cause M, C. fennock, The Voice Of pose and object of the union, that one,nehS contemplated must be preserved to realize The Mountain K.U.'W. the highest results attainable; both for those" Blessings on th.y lov'd and ihee united, and the, postertiy to whom sh ill be We will plead eternally : WEDDING BELLS. transmitted the virtues, characteristics and We who loved will love thee still, attributes of a worthy parentage. Wander wheresoe'er you will; Yet how frail and feeble the texture of tp us the past shall, be, In my lap your letter lies, the material or cord that binds. How Sacred when we think of thee; s Sister, Sister! arise To the end, do not forget, trifling that circumstance vjiich sometimes To my vision; tears are falling; and perhaps with some tests its Thou shal'tj still be "sister's pet." On their crystals Tiaie'is calling, strength, and disunites enough for the Ruby LamoxtI Beck'ning with a tremblife hand enemy, discord, to enter where Tiarmony Backward over Mem'rys land. should reign, and possibly wreck the hopes THE FAMILY KIXGDOM. that faith with works had reared. Howi Dear, I see a picture -- there, subtle and insidious are the efforts of lover's Bright "and sacred, pure and rare! It' is easy for some to fall in love with enemy to snap the cord if possible; if not, Shall I tell itK tears C Fall upon the hd'iA years pretty laces, with speaking sparkling eyes to weaken its force by sowing the seeds of of the soul," and discord and strife, creating division in ways that Do not blame me; for I see J so mat the whole kindle into fires unquenchable; easy to love least suspected Such a , ''Sweet; in thee! the beauty of dress, and the Jasciuating structure becomes tainted with poisonous manners that captivate and fill with delight deadening hate, with which is made perishRo iy limples, rosy lip, and admiration the beholder, until filled able the very foundation, before the" walls to thy finger-tips- ; with desire to possess such loveliness; but of childhood's birth appear as .progress in d all thy dreams! the kingdom's who of all those thus namored stop tn serirearing. oo- Sunlight in thy blue eve gleams, Sunl-ghnestles in thy hair ously contemplate the arduous labors, the Pnnteninlntp n'one irtrtv the results nf n n u j irri tiiiij ill responsible duties that attach, and must be irnuiiTirr in m (Mi1. :i jt.,.; Sunlight; roses everywhere: I assumed vvtio uecr heard with father and mother,.by those wlijseJvjojiiak--rthest- r Ah, can e'er my h rart forget W ovvn.J ho "is it that one word ot discord, who never saw the rit.nsrrrri5Tir their That our babe was sisterVjaej- ifathom to the seeks depths of obligations leastyariance ordisagreement , with them; Has our birdhng learned to soar but whose very act and word proclaimed accepted by assuming family ties, patriarchal " Field and hiil and va'iey o'er? and duties, kingly powers, priestly admin'unmistakably that love's strong band was Can she safely leave the nest?istration pf spiritualities. Who can say never Weakened, but strengthened by the that they love these more dearly than all trials, sufferings, and adversities of life. Darling sister, is it best? ' the charms of this life, or even ..life itself, nf Hvn:iin1f it V!nt a frr outside of those desirable and perpetual ac- - ttif to fmlnw mul nf Ah, I know your heart will say That e'en brighter beams; today! whom it miglit justly lie rerpuired that honor juisjliiinsthosclastinprudo win JntsTT - The family is the foundation of kingdom, be feiven to father and mother, asuntoGod. A'eaUH4i4tringhe"tovlTT)o of eternal dominion,' to those who rear the Who hath won thee; pearls and gold How different from this, and "what a e Deck thy fairy boat of Hope; structure .upon ternal principles, and make world of sorrow i experienced by children, truth and" righteousness, the cement with when parents become indifferent to ..them.' Benedictine skies but ope Yralls conTo pour down, in sun or show'er, which to bind its rising, walls. and indulge in an austere, harsh, or petuof material will this never structed Wealth of soul; each passing hour crumble lant manner ol speaking and acting towards is nor Shall be rYldiant: be it so; decay. Perpetuity sought after, by them; and in this way mar if not entirely the wise and skillful builder, and it can be destroy that perfect intimacy and union of May'st thou never taste of woe! found only when reared after the pattern of feeling that should always exist between them. All such harsh treatment, that kingdom which is an everlasting kingHe is true; then trust him, Sweet; Glories sparkle at thy feet, . dom, that which shall never pass away. .scolding and beating as is someLaid there by his tender hand; It is written that all other kingdoms shall times indulged in, is incompatible with ' be broken in pieces. that love which parents should have, and May he always understand, and should We seek for the are in duty bound to cherish for the child; It recmires, Love and bless thee; may your life with element which to build most enduring As fond husband, kind, true wife, ' a house that is to be 'eternal in the would be greatly promoted by a vigorous Glide adown the stream of time heavens." In faith, hope 'and charily ; it is exercise of that primitive faculty of the Through a' calm and sunny clime, told shall abide mind, which cultivates the most perfect in- found; these three Peaceful, glorious in your trust when others shall have passed away, and That each heart is trud and just: ' the greatest of these is charity,, which is with the law of .love. - 7 : 1 That law in the kingdom's discipline, is He is noble; trust him, dear, the love of God. Here then we find that He will love thee, bless and cheer love is the most enduring element of an ' the law of obedience, andchildren reared everlasting or future kingdom, is the main under such oaternal influence would h Through each shadow that may fell Soft or dark; all, over all ingredient that must be z. wrought into the hnbued with such a spirit of obedience to Let the light of love descend entire structure to preserve it from decay. parents, : that disobedience the result of Rainbow-tinteWhere "shall this love ibegin its mighty alienation ana aisagreement wmcn till the to the end! , of-eart- - .. - . " -- -- - Vot-cr- s. . , . t Mi-t- : . ' " oft-time- s : " If-m- . tlash-the-inspiratio- n oit-tmie- Ta-ry- ' s, . s Rosy-tinte- - - t I 1 x" x t-- rT " - - -- - . - - - u-nnl- rl ri-iuc- fault--findiu- ; " we-ar- e ' , .. V -- d g, 