Miss1 that baYe.lVeir uttered by tlif' be gratifying: dr. . iuterestinto.yottv.but cati$ rrotii "tire iiTrie lhat suffrage - was I - ATrm.l iv .' f - .. V fcw 11V W J we find civilization increase and advance, we find there is more liberty and freedom extended to. the human race. If we take history in the, early ages .when man was in semi barbarism women have had less free-- dom than when they became more civilized. As civilization extends from the Far East to the Far West there will be more freedom extended to every class and community,and i f ll.t tirf foil fr t,'f rttrf gle on until "every daughter has free and equal rights with man. This is my feeling and my desire and I shall do all in ray power to promote it. Thave been associated with an organization to some extent, and I am an honorary member in the County of vfr f i w - Wf h rt vt - ;n m p " vo r v e x ce ' n t" organizations and I am pleased to see the progress that is being made there, and it will grow anu increase ana we must not forget that all the' good things that come to.the human family come .with some labor and some exertion and we ought to put forth our might, oir influence and our n-- v II-- oVi-ml- a -l T ! 1 1 ( ! --. f ,t... Hr tuirX''" cvptniif j . 0 : I ' ' . . tilt: practically in violation of every one of those fundamental principles which they thus loudly proclaim. Instead of a' government based upon the principle tliat "every man and consequently .every woman is created equal, they have based a government upon the blood' and bones of half a million people who' have been bought and sold as .chattels in the market; instead . of basing their government upon the consent of the governed, they have based it upon the con-- , sent of a few white men who were .pos sessed of a certain amount of property; so that instead of .founding a . government with these principles a general Democratic Republican form of government they founded a white male aristocracy of wealth, and the whopworkof a hundred years and more, since the establishment of this has beiJnpjUiiiigJbrlliaarricrto. our progress and our efforts have been to remedv those iniustices by advocatine: the great principle of equality. In the old Colonial days property qualification was, required, and when that property qualification was removed we had established in the United States not a Deraoratic form of gov ernment, not a Republican form of govern- ' goy-ernme- nt a whiTe male antocracy; so much: consequence J then the first great battle was fought which demolished the ' color line so that no dis to us when we become acquainted with them. The great difficulty with the people is that tinction, could be made in suffrage in any. they are not educated in this principle, it state in the Union on -- account of race, has not been explained to them although it color or previous condition of servitude; and from that day we have had a male has been in their midst. So many are. careless and indifferent, it is only a small poraristocracy 'and the first state or territory to tion of the women thattake the interest break this great line ofTdemarkation of sex that they should, and that they willtwhen was Wyoming. In 1869 Wyoming Ter- they can become better acquainted- - with ritory passed a law giving women equal what is to their interest. It is no less so rights of suffrage with the - men and imwith the women part of the community mediately following Wyoming was this than7 it is with the men when anything new Territory of Utah giving women, the equal is introduced into their midst, they look upright to vote with the men, and you know done very new theory with distrust. I feel theJnstoryand reason Jhat this Territory has been the that at has not con tinned granting" to women this prcgress highly pleased made by the noble ladies who' have come constitutional right. But the Wyoming wo from the far-omen have voted from the beginning, while part of the country to adand ideas advance in their vise, promote your women voted for 17 years in this Terbehalf of suffrage for the women of our ritory but the government interfered and "Territory, and I congratulate myself that I took away from the women of the Territory have the privilege of meeting them, and I the right to vote I as onei and my ' friend for ladies the you congratulate privilege Mrs, Stanton another, .always declared that , s. . 5 - -- 1 . - T jirmoJojrortelih excellent and are of . I 1 ' - . which t . " ff colored the-Jvrigli- inseparable," that theyshould have, proceeded thereupon to establish a government - XIV-Amcmlmen- Uie " " Now my good friends, is it not remark-abl- e that when our Revolutionary Fathers made. this magnificent declaration: "That all .men are created equal: governments de-- " rive their just power from the consent of the governed: taxation and ; representation are . nation,awell 1 r REMARKS UV. MISS ANTHONY. , m..u its the I d . ' . umuncm,-- : ...,v.;,.k: . at '. .U ll'llllt 1111 vu lil HIV tl tt.T Uuited.StateS and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United State and no state shall make or eniorce laws which shall abridge the privileges and of the .citizens of tlie Uiiitcd States; we. drcclareil by that, amendment- the. states were prevented from denying, the rights and privileges of voting to the .women "as well as the men; but theSupfenie Court decided agains:t us and CongressMe-cideagainst us, and when Congress and the National Government had refused to intMrfWe vith tin ttntpQ for thp iirnt rt r.n of the citizens rights to the privileges and immunities of citizenship then- we made our protest. Utit when Wyoming after 25 years came into the Union with its whole cmzensnip, giving ine rigui 10 voie ionu. who' could read the" Constitution of the State and of the United vStates. in lang'uage, then we felt that the day of woman's freedom had really dawned, and after the enemies of woman suffrage on the floor of Congress had made their proudest figlit to withhold that right from us; but justice" prevailed, and when the majority of congress voted for the admission oi Wyoming witu woman Diiurage, we knew that victory would yet be ours, and we know today that when your Constitutional Convention made your suffrage clause after the fashion of Wyoming, giving to every citizen of the State who uad the proper qualification- the right to vote, we know that when vour .constitution shall been adopted or' ratified by the majority of the voters of your State, a:id shall go up to Washington next winter knocking at the door for admission into the Union, we know that Congress will admit Utah with full suffrage to her women just as well as Congress admitted Wyoming witlrfulbsuffruOT IfthisTer- ritory is made a state it- will be made a state with the full equality of right to women established in the organic law of the state (applause) leyond the power, thank God, of any congress or state, to interfere again with the full and- free exercise of the right of suffrage belonging to the people of Jthslnte of Italic Now-d u r rroitifV nn in iti rhirh iho hntttMC Utah and Wyoming, we have had the- battles going on iu all the states of the "Union; we have petitioned our state legislatures from year to year to submit the proposition for suffrage for women begging legislatures to extend municipal suffrage ta women by legislative enactment and in every possible way have agitated the subject. We have been going to Congress every year ior a quarter of a century or more, asking Con-gress for a XV I Amend ment to the Constitution enfranchising women, We vent tip therein I69 a't the same time that the wo men of Wvomimr nnrl thf vxrninpn nf Utah were enfranchised by their territorial Jegis latures, and from that time up to this year .we have gone to Washington every year before the Committees of the two houses and a number of other bodies, to petition them to pass a resolution submitting this proposition for a XVI Amendment, the en- ' franchisement of the women of the nation. This has been the great work that has been . UMl- - IUI1. I:1V. . t' TtrtW: ference called to order by Miss Anthony in p. m. the Convention hall at M. -Opening prayef by president Angus Cannon. Miss Maude .Pratt and the Cecelia Club sang 4,The Psalmbf Life" which was ' . Tendered. beautifully ' Mrs. .Wells: I am very prou to be able Miss Anthony will adto say to you-thdress 11s in a very few minutes and I hope the people will not spare theif enthusiasm tonight and 'I trust you 'will'applaiid her. . (Applause.) v v-- th-- u.F ' -- me ci...n 01 uiv ai 10 mu, uii uiir states, and to declare the true lnterpretuhon ... .. ., . 8-3- 1 IT 111 j-- thenational government did refuse at . .. t I. I orttmitv'of earning here and listening:. tg. first When it was 1 very readily and consented to give it my influence my of results of the I support and have no fear giving suffrage to the women of Utah, we had it as lias been said in common with the ineuv and the women went to the polls and cast their ballot and ho evil resulted from it. Of course Woman Suffrage like all other new theories that have been advanced has met with distrust and misgiving; but 1 feel gratified and pleased, that I myself was of the number, that recently in the Convention cast ray vote and my voice in the interest this Ter- of equal, suffrage to' humanity in...:n t r l. l ritory, wnicn-- trust anu nope win uc su perfect in the estimation of the people that ir w rpreive Lntir enuuisCLUcui anu sanc tion. Of course there may be women who are opposed to suffrage, but I think the sympathy and the feelings of the ; people generally is gaining ground in the interest-osuffrage, and I think it will continue to do so and I think eventually it will extend throughout this broad land, this great Republic of which you and Tare a part. I. VtiltJIW Ik m.,,, Ad oumed .given to'thein, in fact before. put forth in. the legislature 1 lluu:, - " I and.Miss Shaw and those' other ladies who ,;,,) it it -- wtw t.tniW -- ".v tKuf uvn'cnnu,' i.ati Pw., vuiu othiHiHeft that I could say that would -- s'mcc and beine Iicir vnnvs. ni li.irifii. vaii ) Wit iiii'o ilill . VM tlV,,lllk liv.. iu their presence and listening: to' their T tn v.v.i.' do. nut, ,,,.i, i.......a 4 .hV Anthony aTs- rmj-Tlieye- K.-o- - - v ' J. sh t 