N WOMAN'S 4VV-nviT"y"rri!- , . . -- 'jlLL: ryr to th daily cfuI p.n-- man that has, existed between you r that have d voted so much spice to the v,o- - i queTionand have given 'such splendid .: . j;; . T tJ- - w f W lT' 1 1w 'i dv ! "it'll this work7 ; t I ifl ff.-t-t- 'co':bi4ed-byairT . 1 f It 111 i wn r :i o ,v rn f r u n . - ff .v. benedie-- . " ; f .1 ..t(w.fc(i night's frost Vo.ur work .. . strument; 'the differences that liive existed among the people will disapjit of tlitr'.Cojifer: . EXPO N FNT.. - teibre;itj. teiraud- prayer cl-osin-g am. at precisely 2:15 tne Convention ad- faithfully done and 'you .need have no fears of the re- ' journeu sine die, T!Iiv,Q)X:ivXTIOX. ADJQURXK J). sult for I say again that it will Ix: received the On' Wednesday May Slh, the Constitu- j. by great acclaim, and berejoicing over and-disenthralled prospect that Utahisto tional Convention whjeh had been in ses- - clothed .with the .full power of Statehood, SIIK KXHIIHT VOR ATLAXTA: days adjourned sine die, hav,sio:i sixty-siand be made a part of the greatest Republic ing completed, their' work satisfactorily to the world has ever seen. (Applause.) themselves; the members' were anxious to iN'Ciroup iOr Class 47, among animal ' OK TO DELI VERED SECKltTAUV. THE to their homes and in resume work other and' go vegetable fibers. exhibits are mentioned" THE TEKJilTOKY. 'directions. The- Constitution makers must Silk worms, silk in the cocooas: apparatus t be now used in silk; culture.'" judged by the Work itself when the conclusion of the Governor's ad- At to submitted the people as a whole. "How. dress . Richards offered the following j Jn Group - 41 Class S5. .Raw siik as vever there is little if auy ddubt as to 'the resolution: reek d fro nr tlie cocorjn, thrown or twisted "7 '.final rOsult when it comes before the lega-silks in the green, boiled off or dyed iii Rerjolved, That tlie Constitution having r voters of the Territory. There is where the been or on spools;' maclrine twist adopted and signed by a majority of'j hanks, skeins, test will be niade.and we Relieve the victory' all' the members ofihe: Convention, and and sewing silks. won. Statehood is preferable to Territorial Class 89. Spun silk yarn 'and fabrics, be now delivered to the Secattested, duly vassalage in which Utah has been kept so retary of the Territory, who is plain Woven silks, sarsanets, in present ' and. for so has waited foulards:' long, tissue for hat and patiently. satins, serges, To be filed in his office. There was considerable mutuabconjfratu-jatioi- i Convention, Class millinery purposes. 190. Figured The Constitution was here formally turnamong the members on the success ed oyer to Territorial Secretary Richards j silk,piece goods, woven or pnnTcd upholstery, that had attended' their" efforts, and alto-g". who on adjournment immediately took it to silks etc. her the3y.1nding.up- - of the affair seemed the . The foregoing is copied from the book-oexecutive building for safe keeping. a happy termination of what has been,dur-inClassification' of Hxhibit ' for the Cotton V A R I A N CONGRATULATES. a part of the time at least, rather unSlates- and International Exno'siticn.j " pleasant working at cross "purposes. "As we are now about to I This was particularly the case when, the think we have good cause to' separate, congratulate j. subject of equal suffrage was on the each other, if for nothing else because of tapis. But finally the victory was on the right the fact that this Convention has demonU. W. P. C. and the winners were very magnaniside, strated beyond the peradventure of doubt, mous towards the losers, and good feeling that all that was needed On Tuesday evening April 30th, the to unify the people and comradeship prevailed again after the of this soon to be State, was to their .Utah Woman's Press and Reaper's clubs bring combat of words. in giving a reception to the officers representatives together from every part of united The women of the Territory who were the commonwealth so as they could look inof the Utah Federation of Woman's clubs. The officers who responded :lwere -- Mrs. , anxious for equal rights and privileges were to each other's faces, judge each other's CorinneM. AllenTpresident. Mrs. McVick-e- r exceedingly: grateful to those who stood motives and learn that we are practically fearlessly by tjjeir cause through the strugsecretary, .Mis Georgia Webber, treasrethe members of one great family. for their enfranchisement, and were sult has been that every man has "beeTriib-eralize- d urer.- Mrs. Ferdinand Fabian and Miss gle desirous of making somesuitable expression in his views We have found that: May Teasdel,. directors were present. of their gratitude and acknowledgment of we are The reception was held at the residence very much alike; that we are actuatservices rendered: 'and realizing the arduous ed by the same passions and motives, and of Mrs. II. S. Young and was a pleasant labors of all who had taken pad in the that we have had but one idea We affair. The evening wits somewhat 'marred duty. work of the Convention, decided to make a have felt that this Convention was ovever, oy tlie a fraught - public demonstration that would show the with a grave responsibilitvn Fxestei IfrTTTIvwTio was expected -- interest to preside, and also President Iv. R. Shipp they felt, and ., their sineereap. rhar44rcerriTflpelIedtoput forth his best en' hevnrk-- f lh!sgrea t body deavors. No delegate can possibly carry of the Press, club. First Vice President preej a. of delegates wdib were representing in the away with him any other impression than Ruth M. Fox, of the Press Club presided. The members, responded to roll call by assembly the people of the Territory;" he. still has a part of his duty to perform. At last it was decided to give a public re - That is to onginal senliments, or a quotation support the joint results of the giving the from Bible. Mrs. Anna K. Hardy read eeptioh at the Hotel Templeton, that these Convention. We have been laying the a men from all parts of. the. Territory might foundations of letter regret from Mrs. E. H. Wells anfor'buildiug and lifting up a meet as large a number as possible of the great commonwealth. The dead past has nomicjngJlmtJ ' TuHrTelative, had made it impossible 'for people of Salt Lake- City. It Was entirely JleAlhe-pasV- a nitie7haTeeirrouTl;aes! vol u n tary jlpaxt-of-th- e w'omeirwlio towTards the rising sun of the future. If her to attend. Vice President box, gave - the "speech of maae all the arrangements arid carried out our work should fail we will have the consotie plan proposed that it should be a purely, lation of knowing that we areuot to blame; welcome which was pleasantly responded to social entertainment. That it really was so that it will not be our fault. We have by thevisiting ladies. The Misses Km ma cannot be denied. fought the good fight; we have kept the j aiid Lyle Young then favored the company And when the Constitution was finfshed faith, and if there is nothing further to do, with a duett. .Miss Laura Hyde recited and the engrossed copy had been signed by I move that this Convention adjuurn, sine j Nanny the Baby." Irs. R. M. Fox read J an ' j ninety nine members out of the one hunoriginal poem, ;April." ;Miss Maude , . die.". "r saner a hprmti'fiil enner Pratt frc T ohm dred and seven the President announced ; the President's valedictory that it had been adopted. (Applause.) Miner made a neat little speech showing the 1 here were no negative votes. The President was Called for, and said advancement of woman in the last forty ."' vears a tier read a short nrnrmar nnpm nn thp. that in the closing hours of the ConvenSPEEiflji BY THE GOVERNOR. she was heartit,v annlandpfl l ' ittle tion he desired to express his thanks to the subiect. ' s Li. . . ' ..." ir. r ranees x ouug gave a reciiauon ananiaan presume ,that you have had. enough of delegates for" the regard and kindly treat sixty-si- x "Long Ago." Then piano music by Miss speech making during-thdays ment they had shown him a$ the presiding that you have - been in session and I will officer over thefr deliberations. He trusted Olea Shipp:the ladies partook of refresh-mentand. social chat was indulged in unthere foren ot de ta in y otit very long. Tlhank their experience would find embodiment and til time of parting; The badge of the the you kindly for this opportunity of making a life in the remarks of Mr. Variart. The few remarks. While there may be some Constitution had been finished and placed 4 reaper s uutHvasdispiayed for the first things in the Constitution that I do notap- - in the hands of the proper.officers, andxhe time that evening; which is three heads of prove of, yet as a whole I give it my hearti- - ' hnnorl thnt fntn-wnpntlnnc wmiM ior,k wheat tied with a bow of scarlet ribbon. believe that it voices upon it. as an instrument of freedom and KTfae rooms Aver prettily decorated with ; the sentiments of the great majority of the safety. He invoked the. blessings of spring flowers'. Lizzie S. Wicox, Sec. people of this Territory. The unanimity heaven uponther Constitution framers and ha-beet- f j , t ; x : . . ; ' - . ; 1 . F.-S- -- 1 j - - . ; 1 lute-string- s, j i et . . I g f J 1 A , - - " QjAdsx I -- tiou-iuf-- p - 1 - - ! - :- ' ; . . - - I ! ' : j " I . . r ". . r .. - - " ' 1 . T -- e . " . : Si j i ( j j P - -- 