4 , -- "' - c y . 12 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. jLofe toa;affairs are made right and ejcp.ect iiT "the closest sympatliv with each1 other, BarringU n was true to his promise, s - inn!eiit of his father's career, and i longed to know more. natural,-Sidne- At last unwilling the Walton mat ters hxed, so we, may know what to expert' he 'ave up his profeson but still pieactol!R-u Watch over Edward am bring from that; 1 shall .sail for A mcrica taking occasionally at funerals, or filled the pulpit with me all the children and nevermore re- - for anvJ ol his inends in the vicinitv. v:h en "v i.m aiiavnSahsen t. turn here, much a jjreen field: either of thuiw tie- - ueccssariily '"1 .ft ..Wfv-.Their life passed along quite .raifcf rri I to be banished Aunt Jane time, and Mrs, Harrisouceased UUook for he THE STATU TAHLE. (Mrs. Harrison, "):sa id Sidney, in his most any extraordinary event to hapjen. Conin nor their studies, iiave. l no part sympatnetic voice. boys were ambitious To whom it may concern: lot in this matter, may I not lie' a part of the way inclining' to, meuicai pursuits anu The state table that is being coilstruet- I W ft! 14.1 111. Edward Hilliard to music in which his UU UJVUUtU tl.Vl I'M ward Walton was one1 to manage such large ..estates and teach by Mr. J, R. Wilson the table upon, whit's very soul delighted. the boys, prepare them for college and ren the first Governor of the state of Utah is o not so pronounced in any one direction and labor of really caused his Aunt Jane more uneasider some .assistance in sigiuthe. first bill passed by the first . is Hearing completion".". These He was foud of guardianship; even though I may never ness than the others. " r horses and of all. sorts of again pursue my calling in the ministry, sports will be a i)lace prepared in the table wheii .. like was For a few minutes Mrs. Harrison in will be sealed up a copyj)f the .Const ii :.: games. The girls were taught do-not she could of her reason, one bereft' tiou of the State of Utah; anl I.also dc- needlework'iu all its branches and such ' ' her shook as a was if mestic employments as seemed suited to autographs from many of the citizens of .tetempest 'speak, if whole frame' and Sidney jphided himself intheir position in life as plain Americans. state of Utah, esjecially of all" those novr wardly for having spokeir "Dear Aunt Not a word was ever said to them or any nated on the State ticket, including thJane" he said,ulet me stay with you, I will allusion made to titles orestates in England. in embers of both houses of the Legislature It was finally learned after, much research on the Populist, Republican and penir CT.it- give up all else, for the children's sake, I will be a brother to you , no w you are left so that the debts of honor most of them conic tickets. These autographs, will receive' a lonely, do not shut me out of your life, you tracted abroad had swallowed up the place in the table; and all persons who so in whom you must have need of some, one so that Anna's children really desire will please send them to my addr I am sure my uncle only had what they inherited from their John R.Wilsrn, Salt Lake City, As it is can place. confidence, I should be most grandfather Hilliard, and that had been of and would approve it, impossible for me to call on each one in to each let us serve understand you, divided, and subdivided among so many, happy person I send this request and hope it will ' so?5' it shall be r that it was not much to boast of, aud from be favorably considered by all concerned. other, Mrs. "Harrison acquiesced almost without year.to year the amount became visibly less. The card should .contain the. name, when and remained understood but. .Mrs. words, Harrison cared little for the English born and 'where,-anSidney the official position all and of her trial the estates. Her interests and Sidney. Barring-ton'- s now held or having been held. days by through final settlements. Sometimes she seemed were all with the people among whom, ' Respectfully, so crushed in spirit, it was like a cloud hidthey dwelt, and they listened to the un' John R. Wils.on. r from all all was darkness, favorable recitals view, came that from ing light by letter, and had it not been for the extra exertion the lessees of the Hilliard lauds aud tenantry she was compelled to make for the children's without remorse. In fact Mrs. Harrison sake the consequences might have been felt that if all were gone, the boys would Practitioner and Instructor in fatal to her reason, or her health, or both; be less inclined to wander from her and as it was, she nerved herself for the battle, their home iu the hew world. She had' OBSTHTRIGS&. NURSING. and fought it through bravely, never means sufficient by prudent management 1K!'.V Heriicxt term- will btiu October to Uie heart'score for all, and she intended the boys should be shrinking though pierced ' ' Main " her with at lf olli.ee, .Street, often:7" greatly taught such industry and ecdnomy as would tin's in for. facilities instruction j':ulpr'r-- ' Seldom has it fallen to the lot of one help them to be She had woman to be. left with so many dependent imbibed the ideas and habit? .of the plain Ttafit branch of education. Special terms pvtic to societies .sending students. lj 1 1 e ones o f d i ffe r e n t ; pa re n tage , her o w n Puritan people and she realized that such For full particulars inquire. persoriallv or bv Two children Conway and Clarice had principles were productive of morality and to ELLIS It. SH1PP, 18 Main "Str- -t, separate property- rights, then- - Anna's honesty . She regretted that I;d ward Wal - - : letter Salt Lake Citvr Ul, ' .children were heirs in the Hilliard estate ton, showed a to fr.Hmr iii lather's footsteps, and trusted to tlue dis- i was Kdward Hilliard, bearing the name ciplinarian methods of Sidney and other boy and inheriting the title of his grandfather. teachers and professors to cure him of his A curious complication in one family, waywardness. and what the future was to be , e ven Jane 26,28,30and32 East 1st SoattiSL, The influence exerted by Mrs. Harrison Harris"ii with all her foresightedness could SALT LAKE CITY, among all those associated with, her in any y not tell. v was y months which way very elevating, she sought to After many weary m a ke alia round her ntul dragged slowly by notwithstanding thp --was a great lavonte with high and low not press ot business which occupied the entire withstanding her exclusiveness.time of both Mrs. Harrison and Sidney, as After a regular course of study Conway: well as men learned in the law (and after feeling it imperative to thoroughly prepare many small legacies to relatives far removed for that he must take had been settled upon) and gifts bestowed cour.-a abroad; his integrity to upon old servants and. retainers, the castle hisuniversity home and the patriotism ,he- had maniCLASS IN MIDWIFERY. and estates were leased, and asjhey could not persuade Maitland's jyldow to leave fested, convinced his mother it would be Dr. R. IL Pratt, specialist in eye ,.md to safe trust in and fact she him, desired he ear and midwifery, office, Room, 226, ConEngland, they took an affectionate leave of should be thoroughly equipped for his stitution Lake her and embarked once more for America. Building, Main street,-Salchosen profession. It was an event in the How changed was everything on their City, commences class in midwifery-Octob-er life of the "calm, staid New quiet and different how how sad the England arrival; 9, 18.95. Write for. particulars. to and Harrison Jane household, it was like so where much places seemed, happiness had been enjoyed. It too to meet parting with a part of her life, Sidney was Woman- the former friends and neighbors and re- to accompany him over and make some in- ceive their Jvjstigationsconceruinpn)peTtffairs cases involved. At the last moment which xmeant, sympathy, opened anew the Keepsori Hand Edward : Walton became possessed 'fountains of griefr hard to control when DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY with the idea of" going "with them , and once aroused. ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS Mrs. Harrison interested herself in every-- ' reason as his aunt would she could not AND STATIONERY, EQUI his mind., was old He. change concerned the which children to and POISE WAISTS, ETC. thing enough Ore .flaking jn all its branches, Millinery ir.at'il watched their. progress as though they were" - declare for himself, he wanted , to see his clenr.ed and retr sivLf.v, natN and, liSoutieUi all .her very own and they grew up together stepmother, Jie had heard more" than was i n s n k kt a Mrk A A Q Mer.Ti ni. 1NU. & y n - Ufsyil suit 1 . k . JM- - 4 4 AAWfc V - . the-arduou- s Star:-Legislatur- out-doo- and-athleti- . Wal-toi.upropert- y, . . -- : . Ellis R.Shipp,M.D. , -- - " T- hn-prov- - self-supportin- g. 1 - lton-pro- per tyT-aml-Cl- . nry airsr 4- . i self-respectin- g Cash House, - hislife-work-decide- d e - . . . t . was-har- expreionsfkM al-mo- st ' O. 0pp. i Zioii's Coop. X. 