WOMAN'S EXPONENT. nns Si ."Little,. Feet." liencUictk:i !.ty- . Co u :: e,Ior Wa ILicv K. . I u ni.ha in c , H.VKiviii Makv C. rTI7 .Fiukk, President. ' Mfin ) UNii; I. Johnson j -- - Counselor- men's clubs mine United States, and engagements for IrvturrS and article"?)' 'on' her return. ' tnwhieh noin princi , ple ave Ix'long aiul which wr lore ami but you don't get a single vole and we won't sit in a convention until you. shake hands and makeup. ' and stop tl,iut tiuuriei- :ik. (Applause.) we stood together j3 i:d 1 went" mix trfer . nanie-'of-thcpaTty- - -- -- - hou--cr- . fTTf '" Tressaily , in The Cttiturv - M.arcelh' the State, in every county in the state an TlsMiow Lady MaxwelU r COX FKRENCK X. A. W. S. A. men shook hands, and when they came to Denver they, organized in two separate con kk k kn" ck of tiih xat ion'ai. conventions as Usual and they elected ,the . JX( MHMORI A.M. woman" suffrage association women delegates atid we went to the mornat salt la city, i'taii, may, 3. and ing sessions, and" the afternoon sessions Tne fulloAin - I'ouluiiuns of resftct vcil a 14, ,,;'..-."by the Pleasant Grove Ffrst Ward Rev a nd we called ourselves bv the name of the" adopted lief Society in memory of Sister Einelme Richar! Continued faction "name of the .their not by who departed this life February 24), 1S95.. Sh" "j)arty,'and Miss Anthony : Now I want to introwas born June 27th. 1857 and leaves a liu'sba'tvi and: we said they would have to "d d so and Bradsix children to mourn, her loss t he 1 younger.. Mrs. in duce to you a one big con, so they came together voter, beinq; only twelve days old. , vention and they said "Ood bless the woford, who was nominated on the Democratic God in His .infinite wisdom has seen ticket for State Superintendent- - of public men;- they did it!' ' (applause) , So Vve carry fit Wherea'?, to call home Sister Hirteline Richards, instruction. Xow Mrs. Bradford comes to .that most pleasing of all qualities the love Resolved, that we deeply 'mourn the loss of an ' you not having voted as yet for President, of, peace and the power to bring about active member of the Relief S ociety, who w ,s from a state where it has always been urged peace'in our political parties, and that is not ever willing to assist m all good works, was vctv generous, and a friend to the poor. She was ;s that women would not vote. if they could, the only thing, we know how to be decent devoted wife and mother and respected by alf but I have been told by an to our political opponents. . who knew her. We feel to extend our heartthat in Colorado, Denver, especially, that a When I was in the Southern part of the felt sympathy to the bereaved husband, motlu ;: less and relatives, and can only large majority of the women went to the State a dear friend of mine said to me: themchildren a higher source for. consolation in pot to th : polls and cast their vote; so that settles "They are going to give you a reception tohour of ne.ed. that objection that women wont vote. Resolvedthatthe.se resolutions are entered day and that reception must be at my our minutes, a copy presented to the bereaved house."- I' replied, "What do you think of HY. MRS. BRADFORD. ! family and forwarded to the Woman's Exponent a Democratic reception being given in a for publication. With Miss Populist1 s house?" Ladies and Gentlemen: And she said, "It Patience Archrr, President- Anthony and Miss Shaw on the program doesn't make any difference, I love you and p. E. imowK were it not from the fact that I am from F. E. Stewart Committee.. I ani going to keep you my friend just the' SAJtAH'FoUTZ Colorado, it would be quke unnecessary for same. We should be able to recognize the me to say anything to you; but still I have good in all parties and to . preserve and an advantage, I can vote, I. have voted and maintain the right, to be gentlemen and LOUISE JOSEPHINE LA PORTE LANG. " I mean to vote as long as I live, and I love gentlewomen, to carry out the beautiful to vote. (Applause.) Brief Sketch of Life rule to "do unto others as you would have have that been them do. unto There are so many things Louise Josephine Laporte Lang daughter of you."" So I think our insaid against suffrage that in the eighteen fluence was Josepli Marie Laporte and Louise Perret, was decidedly good. months since we have possessed it, have Nov. S, at Cluses Savorv, France. Men are supposed to be civilized enough born At the age of twenty-twshe went to Geneva; been absolutely contradicted in my own exof influence in the. and where women, by was she mining Switzerland, married to'john perience, that I think it possible that I shall in Daniel a men 1S57. become Lang great deal better and do you the most service if I confine myself camps She was bom and raised In the Catholic Faith, I in to one Colorado went more gentle, place to telling you something, about what I but embraced the Gospel, with her husband, in was met and a committee wife and I the by actually know, have actually seen done and of the Chairman of the Committee came to the lall of 1863, being baptized by Elder Conrad Schweitzer, emigrated toxUtah with her have done myself. Mr. Roberts, a Demosee afterwards. me She said, (her husband following the next year) shortly "My crat, said at the; Convention words somein Salt Lake City, on the 22nd of Sep. husband blacked his boots the first time in arriving it: I am to this "he effect, where she resided until her death; with the quoting iS69, thing his life when he went to the train to meet be no would c there said he thought excepi4on-4-iivobjecmontiis.-dtmtit ( Laughter and""applause.) We 1SS2-- 83. the yon, of winter for ' an invalid To oallot tlle box women Although lion 10 uouii; taught politeness, we taught the m eii to be nearly one year; she died suddenly of hemorrhage quietly, but the primaries and conventions as careful of the woman politician as of the of the lungs, at her residence in the ith Ward, be so exand thmgs of that sort Salt Lake City, July iSth, 1S95; woman m the home, and instead of lessen I to women. have taken years eight months and ten days. tremely degrading we our had as revermuch ing power She was ihe mother of three children, two sous just part in primaries,3! have taken part in two ence to us and. and the reverence one daughter. a had paid conventions, I have stumped the State She leaves her husband, a. daughter and a son x solid interior respect behind i t twice and I don't feel a bit degraded. The good deal of is on a mission in p(who Europe) six women in Colorado take a great interest in instead of merely outside ceremony. dren,anda host of frienas to mourn her ln: STieliad been a member of the Relief Society' nnlilicsliiiaiiv of us a far greater interest . r deaf .1 the i and blind HelKn Keller, girl, i.gf die 15th and 17th Wards of the Salt Lake tnan tne men; in iaci you kuow mere are of Zion, where she had acted in the is in Aew vork the Wruit. only half as many women in Colorado as Humason School forattending oral instruction to the capacity of a teacher. of the cent votes 60 last While in the "old world," her door was ever men, yet per eaf, and has made such progress that she I is think women. cast were that by open as- a home to the missionaries and in a humyear to entering college. ble way she led a faithful and exemplary life and a pretty good record for the sex who would is looking torward to Those who talk hex can now sneak to died as she had lived, in the hope of a glorious not vote if they could. (Applause.) as they would to any one else. S he resurrection. It has been said that the women would her 7 T ; 7 Written by her daughter, hears them her ' fingers through by placing so be so extremely partisan and excessively them on the Hortense- Mary Jones.. face and- throat of the SaU Lake City lips, I heard the have Now excitable. Aug. nth, 1895.always 1 most beautiful tribute to woman w;as her person speaking. Mme. Haxna Kokany, came "to power to become a peacemaker) and. I sup- pose the men think she would lose that America as delegate from Syrja to the.: lovely quality and become partisan. Xow World's Fair, has. left the coufjtry for a you know in Colorado instead of becoming visit to her native land. He heaith has partisan and fighting among ourselves, the been seriously affected by,onr climate, bu 26,8r30and32 East 1st SonthSb slie proposes to return and become an club or state . organization and they said to American citizen, havine taken- nnt'w.'; SALT LAKE CITY. s the men who had intention organfza-tionpapers" 'previous to her de ' and yet are called by the same name parture. Korany was the first woman to The ; and had been in that condition for two speak in public in Syria, and she has eiven years and a most disgraceful condition if. many lectures in dmerent parts of her coun- of women try She is famous, also, for her writings was;-- , this State organization said: "We will organize in every county in and is called the "Georp--O Kli ...W KJi tilt will this State, we recognize all you men by Last." She has spoken before tf-th- i e -- ami-kica- - ; 1 189-5.- . ; hi-1,1- ; : . . full-fledge- me-thi- ng d , , ' -- Ex-govern- or I " 1:1 i - , j I - - . o, , ' . little-daughte- n vmg-jn-Beave- r r I ; ) w-ou- ld ; aged-sixty-fi- ve ! . I I ; ; grand-child- i j . . " a j - ; - ; w-li- ' ! t- . two-separa- - E K THOMAS - ' te WW Leading Retail i e R.K,THOMAS 