J V 0 M AN 'S K X 1 ) N E N T, I privilege for the 'asking they1 It can not possibly be men will take into .account ment Without being reminded .of its existence Woman's Exponent. -- K3t must be con-teut.- L exectet! that ui?l)U!uled prospects for future develop' .itit ttitl irmu'tlr inn I t xtri IT T..., ,T" ! . x to the Uetiiihlie with wliirsV; ...... rr'-- ' ill tiiat 1 this .hew ele now and Ilen papers aeiiv- - try cts A irtUtn ; ra.t"s: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil ' -- rwee one li'tie 00. A liberal dis per month, ' count to regular a iver:is?rsf , Exi'ONfcNT office. Rooms 227 & 228 Constitution Build me. Main Street, opposite Z.C.M. I. Business hours from . v. 10 a.m. to 5 p.rn. every day, except Sunday.' ' v Address aH business communications to 2.-- 35 I. "'.- o: - . 7 PUBLISHER WOMAN"SEXPONENT. Salt Lake City, Utah. 0iu Entered at the fast tcond class matter in Slt L&he Qily. Salt Lake Oty "Ickmher CELEBRATING 15'. Utah, at 1B95. STATEHOOD. i 1 1 iind-idor- v ft ' , cu inereauer )X iCrTf'w" - votetl for in this campaign. they have had perhaps a better opportunity to. watch the proceedings and take notesj.. and if they have learned; some wholesome-lessonb' standing, and waiting, they may do better service when they" are allowed active participation in the honors and in the eriiohiinents. It would be very dreadful if They were "to b'aT' greedyToTorHcer'aiid as unscrupulous in. exacting compensation as some public servantsrhave been of late. There is nodouht women will be severely criticised at first, they must make up. their minds to bear it with heroic fortitude for the sak$ of the right. And it will take sublime courage born of a righteous cause to stem the tide because there are many opponents still,-eve-n though the cause has. triumphed so far as to give a majority of votes in favor. The sentiment of the country too is fast changing and it will not belong until equal suffrage, will be the popular sentiment throughout the union. But just now one must deal With these grave questions as they appear to the masses, and the. people even have ueed of educating, and' the few will have to undertake the workf for it is always the few who pave the way for the great army wThq, claim the the -- honors. Let us ictory, and carry-of- f hope that on the occasion ot the.celebration of this inaugural the utmost good feeling will exist in the hearts of all, and citizens of both sexes and of all classes, combine their best efforts with untiring earnestness and devotion, to make inu to the children, posing and impressive of free 4he new state. and old, young s ;. 4 emrjiem ot Iree- uponue dom a ud of liberty to all nations. It reninnisoue ot the saymg ot Isaiah 'the xii"c uauouii-u-j- rrea by mail, extra lor postage one year, 1 prophet. . "Thou shalt ii()m6re be tenued Forsaken; neither; shall thy laud any mote' be termed Desolate; but thou shalt be called Ilephzi bah and thy land Beulah; for the Lord de lighteth in. thee, and thy land shall bJ married"" 7 " ' : ; -.- KM MA G. A " : .: - , BULL. TKIBUTK OF LOVK. TuE sudden news. of the demise of Sister Km ma Bull, wife of IClder Joseph Bull of this city, came like an electric shock to ihose who had riot heard of her. serious illnes.v As the time draws near for President and who had seen her only. a few day Cleveland to sign the Constitution for Utah before in seemingly usual health. These and issue the Proclamation for Statehood, the manner jn -- which the people are to warnings should remind us all of of life, the certainty of death, auspicious event bepublicly celebrate-theand that we should be at all times precomes a popular and serious question. That all parties will unite in the demonstra- -' pared for the change that comes to all tion is a foregone conclusion. There could 7 living. . There is to us all something solemn, even be no other satisfactory manifestation of the sacred in 'the final departure from this appreciation of such a grand and glorious world of one with whom wc have been event And one of the chief pleasures will associated in our life labors here; and yet assuredly be the equality that it will. bring to a Latter-dato all the citizens of the new state, No Saint, it really cannot be so dreadful, as to those who have not the longer can Wyoming and Colorado boast ofy same hopes and promises of a life to come, their superiority in this respect, though they rank first and second, but Utah will bring that we have who have accepted the Evtrio. the third equality star to complete the erlasting Gospel. In many instances when in Associations some other a saintly man or woman passes ,away, the Suffrage Already the to are celebrate states placing, planning feeling of death is almost obliterated and of the third star (for Utah) on the woman's a peace so sweet that it is akin to iov omen we that a We it count rests upon the habitation of the departed. ' flag. good I are the third When one is taken from our midst equal suffrage state, and also that the star placed on the national flag for It is expected that the President of the whose days have been filled with useful star and the United States will sign the Constitution ad Utah will be the Torty-fiftness, and whose life has been an example of coincidence that it isxjust forty-fivyears mitting the new state of Utah into the faith, patience and courage, like that of Sisfrom the date of the formimxf the Ter the piuclamation about the" ter Hull; those friends; who ,remaiu shouM first of January 1896 and that the inritory is decidedly favorable. : rejoice that all is so well, that one more true in Women'will, of course, share equally auguration will take, place soon after, and faithful saint has fought the good fight occasion to as are the the honors of they probably on the 6thof .the same month. and kept the faith, and entered into the'rest, in to all the that have ; pertains equal part It will be a day of days for the people of. prepared for those who overcome. interests and. welfare of the new conirnon-- . the new state, and all political parties will Sister Bull's days were with good ivealth. Utah has every reason to be proud for the time being and Tor the future it is works; she will be missed replete in many places, of her daughters, as well as her sons, and hoped; lay aside partisanship and make it a jn the Salt Lake Temple where she had in all that makes the world beautiful and j ubilee. of. peace and. goodwilla time never- officiated ever si uce it was opened in. May, -15-tM t f ti lig to be forgotton, and an auspicious omen fo; 1893; in the Reliel Sbcietv of the Seven man has part and a very large part too in the welfare and prosperty of the new comteenth" Ward of which she had been, a the work of beautifying and making it mon Wealth. member for many years,, and for ten years desirable. In the near future, women will is It anticipated that the .inaugural its faithful secretary, and in many public have much to do in bringing about the ceremonies will be observed in the Taberduties, among the sick and distressed, and changes that will naturally result through nacle, and that spacious building will give as a missionary to the sisters of the Relief the transition from territorial vassalage to thousands of citizens the opportunity of Society in other localities whenever called the freedom of statehood. " upon to go: There can be no doubt but witnessing the official inauguration." The Guvernor,- Attorney General, the The military display and parade will be she had finished her work here upon earth. Legislature,, the Judges, all combined will an effective part of the program, the stars To her ovvu family she was all that a need women to help them adiust some of and stripes floatrag to the breeze, the marwife and mother could be, industrious, enthe vexed questions that willarise,' because tial music, the beating of drums, the firing ergetic, persevering, amiable, tender and ' .women are expecting to take part now in of cannon on this great occasion will be a affectionate. She possessed niany noble all important matters, even if they were distinguishing feature' of the heralding of traits of character that shine, most brightly not eligible beforehand for the positions freedom. A beacon fire on Ensien Peak in the hojiieSisterJulLwai-a-woirian-oi which they were uenesi andi sfn ificance" fine presence, and exceptional good taste in rtiulxompetejittaXw'ould TTave hlledT We do not, however, antici- - to the grandeur of th- - celebration, nnd r dress, and in the adornments of home; fond men not fail to make it a distinctive event, pate any frictimrln these matters,-thof flowers, artistic in decorating, and in ' l be generous and courteous and womerv aiding to the world that in the-toof the fine and ornamental needle work, especially. ' so, ner tendencies were all of a refined . But it is to be hoped they desert, and in sight of "the Dead recognition. nf nature, and she was tenderly appreciated by will.als6 be valiantiud nrm America, a State had grown up unique in her o wn family and by many of the Latter-dathe right: and they must not expect their geographical topography as well as in had to be an icipated before being made toric celebrity, the Queen of the West in madeSaints, whose acquaintance she us here She' has only left known. If they get equal political its unlimited resources of wealth and' its for a short in Utah." time, ere long we shall all follow. -- . - the-uncertaint- y - . the-ceremoni- " - . . y als h e Union-and4ss- ue ' :e " . , - - - , . add-picture- sq -- ' f her-wil- ps - ; . y : his-wish- ' es . 