L WON KM. WOMAN'S - hearts 1:1 ihh kitKMtr-th- e vtvr v Ikhi Ul 0- racing terapest, h'.- v s ' cvstr d hi'tnc trail v. vas icrlliiK it would . all their artrr life. ampler ' A message Hent to London lmimdiht trivial learning Sidney's address u as answered y h sel i" i n pe r st n , a r ri v i n g as q u k M y ns .ttcho iuV and i'v . onlv'tor the moment: but when we shall know as we are Lnown, then we may hojv k see and comprehend, all that i lni!het, and most excellent, in the jour ney could be made; he had mttdi the human 'Wnl: and we, shall find it where to tell, but most of it satisfactory "try al con "htani'.vvlces culling-heri.vrntxl." '.' Clair had not forgotten .his cousin and she clasped them in her anus, and ,we least expected sueh "nobility existed. 'Hilliard castle wa- - reached at last, the Jane and had left her a legacy of mnfiev reaching 'out there were her ownand Clair's children w ere exultant r and w ere allowed and valuables, with the guardianship. of his" son k,all the children are here," she said, Un-'training anl edueation: confided to 'almost with a wail half aloud "and am I to give unbounded expresMon to their deher care the direct heir to her uilcle's estgte light, the mother felt deeply, but was 1 indeed left .alone,, of all thase- whev ever trod these halls?-- Arid she burst .into such controlled even Major Harrison cast aside and ti Lie. This expression and love, she prized all else," husband his old prejudices, and partook of the ensglis of weeping, as. to rouse daughter of the- castoff sister of the In her-- excitement thusiasm of the hour. - After partaking refrom his slumbers. rinetreme-f- u a AUy lu lTiF" freshments and going over the hinrsevaud-makin- g item old-Ha . which proved quite hysterical, she declared-various inquiries, a messaiiger was arbiter of the destiny of the Hilliard race they must go to England, and- though she had always insisted upon, remaining- in dispatched to Walton Hall to find out the "Things do take a turn," .on the wheels of time, be iUever so slowly. America, she could not.be dissuaded from j whereabouts of Maitland. and Sidney. going; as day after day- brought no news Meantime the visitor vent thnugliT the from Sidney, it was finally decided upon; grounds adjacent to the house. Many had been made., yet much rethe housesvas left in charge of trustworthy people, and the Major with his wife and mained unchanged, and Mrs. Harrison was almost overcome with the remembrances, Practitioner and 'Instructor in children, including. Clair's from one sail for England. Jane Harrison had that pressed upon her,as she went ot t dream-shthe Of to another of the familiar places. never told her; husl)aud. the .v a. v W could thecourage, but she felt if old servants there were only three she had Her next ttriii will begin October -- 1, lh'a5, she could see- Sidney Barrington, he would ever seen, in Mrs. Burke's place a young Main Street, with greatly at her oilier, help her to bear the burden," which seemed woman was installed, who knew nothing of facilities for, .instruct ion jn: this ijuor-tan- t the house or its belongings, 'she Jiad fob much to carry alone. She knew with branch of education. Special, terms given and come from "up country'.' to his. sympathetic nature, and his sublime societies seiidiug, students. trust in God, he would understand: his take charge with her husband who .was to For full nartfculars inquire personallv or by prayers had been a source of 'Uplifting managing "the farming- laud and the. letter to ELLIS II. SHI Vl hs Main ."Street, ' " many times .heretofore, and she had un- meadows. " The old warden who lived in, Salt Lake ..City, Ttah. ; bounded faith in his integrity to the new the park was the only one to. give information, he w as an ardent admirer of the young" Gospel, which she had embraced sole guide and help through life, and which master, and told them how kind he had been to the people on the place and of other was to ...be,. her solace-.- : in death, beyond the grave. She felt nearer to the matters of great interest to Mrs. Harrison; , he remembered her distinctly as Jane ConLord when with this minister- - of the 26, 28, 30 and 32 East 1st South St and richer in spiritual strength; she had way, and never tired of telling of her !' bossnot uite learned the lesson of trusting in ing the old Maister," but he grew SALT LAKE CITY. - God for herself, and relying of when Doctor he spoke "good solely upon: garrulous Bland"-an... ... , Him. Jane hurried away lest the The The voyage across the ocean was a. pleas-- .' Major should feel embarrassed with such ant one, nothing occurred to mar its serenity, extravagant laudations of her firsthusband, and on arriving at the landing, in England, though, he could scarcely consider him a rival in her affections. The old man tcld they immediately set outfor the old home the was them that a youngish man like a foreigner Milliards; journey very interhad been there several- - times recently with csting.asthei Major and was able to point out the men from London, going over everything nios.tjioticabIeJ'eaturesintheirravelsrnd4" insrtiearra otrtside7tTarowTrauhtbout--itgive vivid descriptions and incidents both not even their names, they questioned me a amusing and instructive to Jane and the great deal, but I know little of the things' C LASS IN MI I) W I FK K V. children. The journey was most delightthey asked about; "as I al'ays minds my Dr. R. B. Pratt, specialist in eye and ful, the" whole country seemed to be clothed own bizness." However they had not in robes of autumnal, splendor. It may be long to wait Maitland came in response to ear and midwifery, office. Room, 226, Contruly said of Jane Harrison that she was the message, on horseback, and after greetstitution Building, Main street, Salt Lake solemnly and tranquilly happy, the scenery, ings were over, told them Sidney was in City, commences class in midwifery October the fact of being once more on her native1 London with the laivyers- atvl soil, ihat she was to revisit the grave of her back in a day or two; that arrangements . "97"i S95.. Writcrfor partictilafs: mother, see the. dear old castle once more, were made leaving Anna's children equal wonderful memories, and then toneet Anwith Kd ward, except the title, and the old na's children,, was indeed a heartfelt pleascastle; and that the final settlements .would Woman's ure in anticipation Sometimes a thought, soon be completed. Walton was in unwould come of her husband's first love, the usually higfi spirits, anxious the.Majorand wife of her uncle, and the mother of her his family should dine at Walton Keeps on Hand Hall at dear departed cousin; and she could, not the earliest date possible for them, to which DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY help conjecturing whether he too, had a they readily consented, the children were ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS " wish to visit her grave, but she would not doing finely and evidently AND STATIONERY, EQUI- expected great POISE WAISTS, ETC. harbor a moment's jealousy of one so true things. In all its branches, Millinery, Drew JIaklnr and constant; yet she knew how he had All the sad presentiments which had and lion nets cleaned and retnmme Hats suffered for Clarice Courtney; and indeed haunted Mrs. Harrison before leaving VT AtVEST TEMPLE STIIEET ' J. Q IN Uwas better acquainted With the private America had vanished, and she O. Qpp. grant Rr0. stable gave herhistories of the people, who had lived in" self up to the full enjoyment of the sojourn and around Hilliard castle, than even R.-- M AGG I K" G - S HI VV She had locked suspected. up in only be a short visit, as her husband must, her heart, many uh written histories of the return to his business Vi Mi com mence ber next class in Obwhich was very impast fe w years; what a pity she could not portant, and she felt it was the children's stetrics and Nursing on Monday, Oct. 14th. ,.. have written thein, but the best "things, iW ujvj w tucr utiiiust tiierOp the truest; the most precious, and the finest at jaji lumiy ui seeing aoDrectati inr MS jrfc hi r ied leaTtziu and far as ; ' ' trredeeySr aiijKsiLle, wliat an an- - Sont h, Teleplione 383. 'moon shiute ouVl rthe !atk vXxuis. and its pale 'Jigfit feyeakd. to. her, :he midnight sceue; within and without all .Wii. doilrui:tu.uv ;vswi contusion,.- txtt- sue ard tr.xii brilha:vc . bv.t it i 1 - . - a 1 1 1 ' - - Anna's-children- . , : -- s - ; . , -- and-so-th- .' ; -- ; - - j - j . ; i - - . Ellis R. Shipp,M.b. , J boy-.Edvvardr'-set nn a. v ' i not-muste- r , - 1 mar--rie- d - ; iiii-"-prov- : . . - . as-he- r: E.KTIIOMAS and-hope . Gos-pel- . . , of-th- " Leading Retail7' Cash House?, e R. K THOMAS jknew-lhecQuntry-thoroug- hly, 7 - - i vct 1 Int? Go-oper- ative , . latest-styles- - - her-Thusban- heold-h6mestead-She-knew-it-eoukV- cl ; r-.T- thosejiklfj .., D .- Tiiitioli$RTd , ' " " 