W (Si AX 5 tlwre4iofjxYesnge of it left to. mark tne the s;xt where it was vie w by old well, which is r hiddeiv-tFom . Oh how sad 'the bmUinjsaiid--nibbishof the- preseut condition, compared years ago. I ben a thriv-- " people, with Temple, mg city, stores!'-and-many improvements. hall, To day it is estimated to have a population .; of only 1,460, : and a lack of enterprise in ' the same .proportion. Then Where there laid out streets, twas a large 'city " and comfortable homes, t.here is now only a few of the original buildings remaining as land ruarks. The old residences are " easily'discerued, by their crumbling brick chimneys, from other buildings, built from several of the torn down brick ones. The streets have been plowed up and fenced " to large "fields and "planted with corn r or grape vines, the latter being cultiated-etensively, resulting in the manufacture of much wine., which is the main export. I was told that the majority of the iuhabi-- ' tants are Germans, and they are making a tMtec-locatcu.-Y- hourfct r7 jy 'while' I was stopping I c I- S IKX PUNEN X - ti i a deat.tr ... 1 with my brother ttrihe iaiuilr"ui 7 t .jflii,ri,t..r'c my twin brother regains, je nieuw pwicinai uuu uvea p;iccu on jus. cot.. MHnrTi-it-- r till.'--- " nn"vhirh was inscribt-t!- . ihiM. Kama ja, - of-20,0- 00 , of-we- ll - ' and death. The heat to me here was very detained. 1 went nine miles in a carriage to Aurora'Ill. with Cousin Jessie to get hei: oppressive. visit-asome glasses properly-fitte- d my 7J"!y 3. at 5 o'clock terminated Tuesday, Aug. 6th, Cousin Lois wished this place,-algathered, old and youngs around the carriage as I start, for an eight me to wait another day and go with herself !. and daughter Kdith, and visit her brother vinmp wn'rrvitH' Imil: J llV'J r( ' J O because of mv health, and traveling alone. This includes j Orton Barnes, aud mte, and iamilyof six children hr Mem phis, Missouri. 7. He served three visits in fifty years; on I went arriv rnilroad station Delta, in due three years 111 the union Army, and was ttict nt th I saw him when season for a good long night's ride. Could wounded in. the knee. afiirlow in 1S64 5. only get ticket to Ottawa. I arrived at he was home on hlhehyand Rock (siand in the night, at 4 o'clock. 'Apparel, ' the of endurance tedious a After up, depot of a we 7th, w,e were to take Aug. Wednesday, pullcouple hours, grand success of 1 rule and iaith is Ko. ed on to Ottowa, and another weary halt, the cars three miles distant at Bristol Stawhich time we traveled on with rapid tion...... My heart ached most to leave poor A few of the Americans Ma Boomer, and cousin Mabel's tears flowed are carrying on a small merchandising trade speed. I recog- freely as our genial, visit was at an end, as to supply what demand there is. Wednesday July 24th; 1 arrived at York-villwe hurriedly drove by. Ma "forties, nized Parley P. Pratt's buildings north.xif Kendall Co. 111., here the air seemed 'us from, the porch. Arriving at the Temple. Block, and the old Home s cool", balmy and bracing. My dispatch had Burlington after dark with .Hdith sick, I Store, as also the place where Mrs. Ad not been delivered to Solon Boomer's family; dison Pratt's house was, where she sup but all the same I was made welcome, by went to the drug store for remedies. Here ported her family, tailoring, while her bus-- himself, wife, son, three daughters, and we separated, I for Montrose, and they fur band was on the first' mission of the saints Ma Boomer. The entire family including Memphis, where I was to. join them. I to the Society Islands. On her sister'Caro- - hired man, and girl, were early seated at arrived at Montrose at 10 p. in., previou line Crosby's lot,.is remaining only, the the supper table This charming home, of to taking "a furnished room, I ordeied a small stone granary,, but the house on the harmony, education, refinement, freedom skiff to cross the river in the inorning;Thursday, Aug. Sth, at 6 a. m. 1 was adjoining lot formerly owned by Johnathan and ease, one grand welcome to rest, enjoy Crosby's sister, Mrs. Thompson, now dead, and be enjoyed; carriages, hitched at will. snugly seated in the stern end of the skiff. A part of the The husband full of wit and humor. What Crossed the Mississippi and arrived at the . is in pretty good repair. foundation that was made for the Xauvoo would be mure delightlul? Cousin Lois house of Phineas Kimball, just in time, as house, has been lying all these years un- was more retiring. The sound of music he was on the eve of going to Warsaw, to touched, save by the weather's destructive liurried me to the parlor, where I found the an Old Settlers Political Gathering; but he hurriedly with his carriage located me as son Henry, a handsome, trim built, man, powers, and is therefore in a wasting condition. standing full six feet, with his cornet, and desired, for the purpose of finishing., as far I visited the grave of Mrs. Emma Smith sister Jessie at the piano. Each seemed to as possible, the busines, that I liad left undone. Bidamon, and was tQld that it was her have their several duties, to regularly at request to be buried by the side of her pre- tend to in the morning. Thus as promptly Friday, Aug. oth. In the morning at the vious husband, Joseph Smith. After Mr. was every thine: accomplished, and perfect table.' Ethan Kimball, nlaced kimself and Bidamon d led hevas-placed he - .orriVr reigned, aiidalleadyorhe-next-l-rriaget'm- T service. Which was accepted side of her. Thus presupposing that both thingon the program. Itseemed nq trouble until 12 o'clock, and I cgain had occasion the martyrs, are lying by her more recently for cousin Lois to wdieelheV husband's mother for gratitude. A. rest in the afternoon and made grave. After a twenty four, hours out to meals at the head of the table. The old I was then driven to the LowerXauding to stay at this place, we took a skiff at the lady has not walked for seven years, and meet my previously ordered ' skiff, at Lo wer Landing, and wrere carried across the though now 8.8 years of age, her spirits are p.'m; I recrossed .the river. As at so mellow and peaceful, and she enjoys a I took my last view of the. beautifully. lo Mississippi River, landing Montrose, at 5'clock, we took the cars and arrived at rich joke as well as the youngest. cated Nauvoo, once a lovelv city on. a hill, after a three hours too Cousin visited in I Loiss mother Burlington,., ride, her w here my paren ts- - li eTitTestI magi n e late to make connections, w'e took rooms own home, and iound her happily situated. Reader my thoughts! Then checking my near the Depot for the night. I here went enjoying the society of her son Harland baggage, I started for Keokuk at o'clock to the drug store for my brother's benefit. Barnes, whose wife has buried her last, and p. m.j I was obliged, with my satchel, Monday June 24, we were awakened at only child, These two aged ladies, samples to stop in the middle of a steep pitch to get., 4 o'clock, by whistles and noise of wagons, of peace and piety, I wish the whole world breath,, and rest to my exhausted heart. hauling lumber - for a lumber company. could see 7 and take pattern from them. I Here I got a part of a night's rest. The landlady said every thing in the busi- spent several hours in reading, and conversSaturday AugT 10th, 10'clock a. m. I ness line was very dull, and young men ing with them on theology. arrived at Memphis Mo! Being met at the, had to go elsewhere to get employment. The third family, that of Ella Barnes depot, by Orton. Barnes and wi fe'r. A fter Burlington is a city of 14,000 inhabitants. Raymond, has five small children She is riding nine miles tovhis farm, arrived with -At 10, o'clock we arrived at Fremont after, .living in a rented-houswaiting to locate good appetite in time for dinner, which was u three" hours ride on " tlie cars and four their means, that they have served for sixteen. About-th- e first subject' miles by j;arriage. We then were glad to saved, for their growing family.economically Ah! The introduced was; that they had two young settle down at my niece's for the balance of youngest, with her love and brilliancy, won people down with the typhoid fever. The, ' the day and night. my heart as she nestled to sleep in my first, was a young man.and they for his Tuesday June 25th, my brother, took nie lap, .1 did what I could.to, make my- visit sister to come and care for him, and then home with ihim accross the Skunk' River. with my kindred a success, in this she took sick. I learned by letter that particuHere I remained the next four weeks visit- lar, that they know when I had might r leftr Monday Aug. 19th, 1S95. They sent ing these families. I aided my niece Amelia that they had been visited by a friend, f for another sister, to come: and care for both. , in nursing one child through an attack of in one This was not a alsolsitedthreebufyingl grounds, prospect ahead of measles, During this time nothing of obtained record of my brother Carlos's me, but I trustedpleasing in the All Wise Power., special note occurred until the 21st, of July son, and searched, untrl. I found, in another .Excuse me as a Suffragist: and I will . . . 7 ' t . -- ; l A 4 V " X. m " x . ' - -- . ' . truuk-.packing- ,. d prere-uisities'hurrie- , . grape-culture- man-Catholi- - - . . e, she-salute- ," . 7 ! . - ' , . " . . . t- - : -- at-th- e-ot x- - . 7'0'-:loc-k I - 1 1 e, . . '. - she-die- -- ' 