v. .... WOMAN'S iTWi ",v.',ffiaHB.n l.i..W nlA : I . y - mit.' o can't bear to see you go' without' mit them, ever broader and firmer,- - from , what you've always had, and I can't cai n generation to generation. ..... the-- , herewolf from" to vc 'the mi. "77.!; ic mice i.i i :jt""j rl 'keep enough uuuiui.Tw.i(iwrf only that and they went;' together to have supper. Harry Colton had much to tell him of what. had transpired dunnJiis absence, and EXPONENT. uoor. strong anu ueiernimcu iiui-i.rau- Rijckies; Vcf; all for our. f eli if ion . let us stand by that." V true" reoublics.at the summitof-lhUrfinV" ,ka "' . a '."iili t....i.. iwcii, uhuukji zvjiifAi.''t:',!'":' i;.nrl, South Australia fully" enfranchising the jrwcw.r'srtx,i:iiiinK,iiii i) L'o as sonn as i ron n nnusu iucv uiu, luiuuu find one after coming into harW, we had a J. sickness,, and all.sorts of hardships, coming woman of its vast territory. We hail with joy the magnificent growth L.o('- religious plaster m board ship .! out from 'Nauvoo half provided, and living suband I partly promised him to find a prayer in Winter Quarters, where the. lack of veg- - of public sentiment resulting in the mission of a Woman Suffrage Amendment meeting in the city, instead of going off on etables and comfortable food'eaused sick , a spree as sailors do genera ly as soon as ness and ...death, but they" jvvere true 'and to .the .Constitution of New York, Oregon Idaho," Nevada and California, by their reL.'--- r faithfvlhrouRh" itTalll they touch land." x -'- Noriffs-riot When the Pioneers Were called to go and spective State Legislatures; the twenty-sia sailor's nraver meeting. " r ii : in it is a meetingo where fmd a ...resting place fbr the Samts,, Fnnk votes for. women's full enfranchisement "but Hnrrv renlied. j was one of the number, and hisvile the recent Constitutional Convention pf ..!.;' and Dreachmcr; and won- there is tDravine: iesult of the vote on derful singing, and I believe it is real Bible followed with" that first famous company of South Carolina; the in Massachusetts, doctrine they preach,' for they take the 1847.' Here they endured much the first the sham Referendum Some day the writer may tell showing that one out of every three men, Scriptures literal and ou don't have to be few years. now-- , and nineteen out of of every twenty women a parson to understand, .them. Will you you more of this grand character, but is already too long. of that " conservative commonwealth, who.., sailor the story before tomorrow?1' boy's home not go go, you'll and perhaps too, on ac- expressed at the ballot box their opinions Because "Y.es, I'll go," said Frank,, "to please count bf the roving spirit of his boyhood, on our question were in favor of Equal out of curiosity, it will be someReand 'you, new, at least from what' you say. he tried his luck in the gold mines of Suffrage a startling revelation to the thing were opened, and . monstrants throughout the entire nation. after the)' shortly of novelties, And I'm' fond of. variety, and. We paint with pride to the splendid rehome some gold and many curiosk "brought a ever" to settle down I could I don't think sults of the work of our Association inties. varied after Monexpehumdrum life now, my At different periods afterwards he went organizing State Societies in Idaho, riences." his fortune in new fields of enter- - tana, North Dakota, Nevada, Arizona,. seeking Frank nor' Harry, little' knew what vyould prise; but always among the Saints in some Oklahoma, New Mexico, West Virginia be the result of that evening's meeting. new locality where such .men are use--fand Delaware, so that when we assemble 7 of - They were both convinced of the truth in colonizing, and though he never in. Washington at our Annual Convention, , Associa the Gospel preached by- the two' mission succeeded in7 obtaining wealth,-- yet he for the first time in our history the "aries, and. the consequence was the Elders remained true to the faith he had em- - tion will be composed of organizations- in - were invited to the village of N. and braced with so much zeal, and which every state and territory, except Alaska, the two young men became converts to the controlled this strong passion for linked together in one great national body. Saints. But all was a call is addressed to all those who dewhat This faith of the Latter-daworld; the about proving roving immen in the sire the physical, intellectual and moral in is not peace at home for Frank. He had inthe keeping Gospel power vited those Elders to his father's house. line of duty, if they will yield to its in flu- - provement of mankind. If oiir Convention shall promote, in any This time he was not returning as a prodi- - ence. He' would have died many years be- action ?rn1 but w:th a feeling ot independence ana degree, freedom of Hhought and fore he did if he had .followed the sea. shall incite them to nu n mind that anv friends i Colton, his friend, commenced among women; if it UJJ Harry if it shall advance by a of his would be welcome. Harry as firm as Frank, but fell by the. wayside. higher aspirations; and a wise .public him, and the welcome was a The wife was a strength arid help to him in few steps cordial one until in course of conversation his church duties, and their children are the sentiment, if it shall hasten the recognition claim to equal poit came, out that tliese men were Mormon" heirs of noble ancestors, arid in the future of the justice of woman's .will not have . (Aunt they will have a great work to do, in help- - litical rights with men, it Elders, aiid then the stepmother, Hettie!) was furious; she- would n- - aUow Sitsax B. Anthunv, President. hellowenr-o-ral3e7p- T mother have long since passed away. Racael Foster Avkky, Cor. Sec. under her roof. Mr. Easton was greatty PhilaHeadquarters: 134 1 Arch Street emliarrassed. but had not the courage, to , I7:: ANNUAL CON delphia, Pa. decide against his wjfe. and Frank, Harry TWENTY-EIGHT' of leave and the young meV took an abrupt VENT ION OF THEN. A. W.S.A. ' the home. R.S. REPORT. in succeeded he and Frank had .money, friends of justice- and equak rights j All as soon as and meeting, areearnestlvvited-t-asmblin-thH: getting a hall for a throuirh-the own-that 7 Dec. 24th, 1895. the rumor-spreAnnual Convention :of the eighth Twenty "Frank. had returned from his voyage at sea,- National-AmericaWoman Suffrage As- - Editor Woman s Exponent: it was easy to get an audience Persecu' sociatioii, in the Church of our Father, all of first through The Relief Society conference of Bear D. C, January 23 to 23, tioii, however, began, Washington. Lake Stake was held in Paris, Second Easton's inhospitable behavior, and 1896.;Mrs. v . ' is bristling with an Ward, Stindav Nov. 24th, 1895. Frank soon after left the village, though day present President Julia S. Lindsay presiding.for its aim the elevation half the girls were more or less in love with has which energy c He was accompanied by Harry Col;n mental and moraLdiredions Roll called and minutes read. a life. ercise. human position of tnn and together th'ev- obtained department'.lnd'eed, in every 15111 s a or hin- - President Julia Lindsay addressed the nxv -hplned ir w - m". r- iuuuuci to the blessJiv'lUg testifying a short time, whither saints are Mri ; they new thf women locality by t,;. dered by its enactment, and church, same as well as ings that attend those sisters who faithfully the of branch natural of a justice, went every principle duties. . united with it, and soon became acquaintedm by the nature of-- bur institutions, as fully perform their public were given, showing The verbal reports Here Frank fell in love for the first time as men to vote and to be eligiole to entitled the Relief Society throughoutie .take to his life, and. after some time he married office. i. Ano uAnntr woman, who beinLprosperotrscondition. Counselor ti ' She exnext the was a. speaker. 'rno-M. faith ctffP Hart L stimulates nf converted to the same had dso tesme cavs: caciuoutside horted the sisters to each one obtain a , j .: nrobleuis nn nnt few months previous to his coming to . to all civizeiij'V' Jt of the divinity of the work m whicli about a year after they, gathered s, the narrowcircle of their private interests timony Warned all against faultare we trn nsual engaged. the rr et , Nauvoo. Here they which she feared growing among the rightly discharged, finding but remained firm. Frank ofteri,had republicarrcitizenship, all educadesire when things went wrong to leave His constitute in themselves a prolonged comto President Ufilliam Budge spoke encourag' The bulwarks of the tion and go to sea again, and would say to the sisters. Advised the presiand. ingly the all stronger will wife: "You know you can go home anyprove mon wealth as dents to- adopt some plan to encourage so as well was opposed women, who because time to your mother, attendance at ...jhe Relief .Soaety, a htt le on them to your coming West, and I'll make money and come back to e r : . ..,-......- i . ; 'nd - . j .' . ' I -- 1 v - ? -- -- of-povert- Cali-forni- a, . -- . ' :- . . ul - - -- -- in-hi- " y . , " 1 J V.Vi - . ' - also7dc-companie- d . just-legislati- j on ; " j - -b- eeii-m-vam; 4no-rtdcm-theniT-ior-4Ktii-i4ie- H - - -- -t- . -- ad , n -- - v "The - - 1 -- :JTthpresidrtf"Hamr A bn p b.--- and - - - theCh, Slvork andhelgaj. 