codi: is.. ' A: lTugtns, FKra :el. Helen .Tresiden Mi-(i,-- ' exanpiiuy b s'cf c&iMra ul noVnmsYiouSr' i ll 1 ha- - tl.al v . v.. 1 .. bcv.ti 1... ... inrd with irfv. has " - tirrii IMliil to dM d Vl, it. ..-- il C ja- the tuti?&:ms The, casket u.-r- the otganua- - - nude md . . ' 1 . 1 ; 1. ( . I 11 rt vnicr. aut and ..1 L with rovt-re- d vrry- elegant npadiiir)K a profusion, of floral oIlefiuKS'.hy t;on"vu5" K'nucd or the 'following- ladies, i;ves, Una itvu .m-'cu- ;i r e" t .. i.. i.,; l..!i-4- ' in j Ml iih- - Win krr. anil- - abvaVJi r .. Till ,.- miiif ill! w.i.i..... even'"i . . " -- K ' &r ..- '.-- -- hiemH. wtir traclirrs- of our Relief Society. The n inam wrrr taken to the Meeting House and the Auirrai look place Oct. The-pallbearrrs- - i ununinuntsly sustained.-- . MrsS. ul.: tvrv Varolii A"' Sttinnauv President;'" Sarah. CVIioii. First Moo President, iSliie Voting, testi.tnoa.yV. M:r. t;ucn:(u',irow!t, 5pDi.e-.-0James Jensen. I'residf nt Angus Cannon, llishop -- often" Second A'ice President. MUs Rose Reyids, i Hohvan, J. C..Kons, J. C. Drown made very .apthe necessity or. the suu'rs-' and having; tbeir spiritual 5t.rengt,h' renewed; Secre t:uy 'Vand :" Mrs' .IdTe"' "Konp eii si t riV v t iAti.r'ii.irL.N.: . . . was uIo in attendance. A massiye choir - Fo LXreasurer. Vin The, ; our 'of :a dejd spoke.' burying proprV vault, h.is beeir erected which w.4n 'dedicated by, Mrs. Saddie Holdaway , Chairman, Mrs. manner. ,"' ;.V , , President Anus M. Cannon.,.. Counselor Sarah. .5., Forsy the, "spoke utxm. Nancy Cchon", ,!E. Dillman,- Agues - The remains were Jollowcd to the cemetery by . 11 A'ilate Bennion. After remarks by tier lamuv the word of wisdorfraud othersubjeets , relations, ami uusympathizing friends .evidencing the respect ind manner. Singing, "A poor. Mr. R. S. Collett, Mrs. Stevenson America.-Benedic- t esteerrritj which she was held. Hacking the audience sang wayfaring mau f grief and ; .At the resurrection morning, v M F, 'Jas. Ifnf kln.g. w by Nancy iilack burn. Ve shall all appear as one, Afternoon Kx'kkcisks:''. Singing, ' Oh! what robes of bright adorning y "Gibrae come, ye Saints, Prayer offered Will the righteous then put on. NOTES AND NEWS. ' Maria Jakman.Siuging'.VThe , bySister Wilhi-lminPrest. . Olso.v, time is far spent'' A circular letterJrom HARR.IETTE WlLSON. Coun. m H 7 S a k a ii G'ka n MA takes a' viv id the General Board was read. Resident interestdain- - the Hilda Larson, Sec. of London-town- . poor girls J. S. Coleman explained the annual payEvery Thursday evening when sfye is in Died at Man'cbs, Colorado, Nov. 17. 1S9.J, ments and spoke of donations, said the sisshe attends Mrs; Frederic Harrison's town Slade. The cause of her death was internal ters should bring in their donations every Girls' Guild at Newton Hall, and she joins cancerous tumor.- Sister Slavic was the daughter month andreceive - the, blessings in store for at r She is a ofSamuel and Ada Western,, and was born heartily in all their pcciipations emiShe Dec. of of the also 22,1850. them, Birmingham, England, necessity having spoke believer-iathletics 'for ypuien; and grated with her parents, to Utah An 1S6S. Lived Sister Sorenson come and teach aclass; that "strong has taken especial pleasure in helping to", in Salt Lake City about a year, moved from there the sisters might be, benefitted by her to provide the girls with pretty costumes for to Spring Valley, Nev; where jshe was married knowlege. ' Jefferson Slade June 20th, 1869. Moved from x. . President Sarah Meeks rejorted the gymnastics--ENevada to Southern Utah, finally emigrated to ConTin:for the San Juan Valley tSSi, and had been a resident cQniing the programme K. Thurber S., in good working order. of Southern vention at Atlanta shows that Mancos, Colorado since iSSS. She was the Sister Margaret Pace made remarks which mother of nine children-- , seven of whom are still were timely, also Sister Emma Francom on men are coming forward to share the. honor living. She filled the position of second counselor the care" of health. President Louisa J. of being champions of the rights of women. to the President of the- - Relief Society for two Taylor reported Freemont R. S. doing well. , Among the evening addresses will be years prior to her death, and was faithful in the Counselor S. S. Forsythe spoke upon, speeches by Gen. Robert R. Hemphill, of performance of the duties pertaining to her office, in lact, was most exemplary in all ncr conduct, Abbeville, South Carolina; Col. j. Economy, household work, gave good adquiet and unassuming, but steadfastly, pursuing of Kentucky, and Henry C." Hamvice to young housewives, spoke upon oiir the path of duty, and leaving "without complaint of Rabbi while' mond, Reich, the trials and burdens of life. L. M. W. Georgia; blessings and privileges and so forth. SisRevs. Robb of and Atlanta Cole, ters Sarah Morrell and Anna Kihgstrup open the sessions with evening prayer; The spoke and bore testimonies to the truth of the Gospel. President J, S. Coleman made southern women whose names appear on the-Folk- s. the evening programme are; Mrs. Caroline some closing remarks, after singing, ConferE. Merrick and Mrs. Elizabeth Lyle Saxon, ence adjourned for six months. Benedicthe Holiday ' season the Union For. of New Orleans, and Mrs. Josephine K. tion by Elizabeth Jeffrey. Pacific will sell tickets from points on the of Henry, Versailles, Kentucky. Anna O. "Coleman, Sec. - The president of the Georgia Woman system on December 24th, 25th and 31st, Suffrage Association requests us to say that 1894. and January st, ,1895, at Krcatb' reall delegates to the coming National ConWOMAN SUFFRAGE COLUMN. For full information call on duced rates. vention will be supplied with badges, which they are requested to wear atall nearest Union Pacific Agent. ' - W AS II I NCTON CO. W. S order that the courtesies of the "times, in WK are progressing fairly, well with pur occasion may be the more easily extended Woman's-SurTrage- , of course we have the them. For, the same reason, all visitors lust'n usual amount of prejudice and erroneous who are not delegates are requested to wear Woman's a yellow ribbon at all times; ?ndall, ideas to contend with that all such movewhether delegates or visitors, are requested ments have, still I am in hopes that by beKeeps on Hand to have on a yellow ribbon when they DRESS GOODS AND TRIMMINGS, FANCY ing cautious and prudent and going sloV ' at first, we will be able to overcome these arrive. ARTICLES AND NOTIONS. BOOKS ;; -ANDST"AJUQNERYT-EQU- I AH and vi sitors are requested Vplinvpli two very-inteprejudices legates POISE WAISTS, ETC. ing and instructive lectures havine called to register name and hotel on entering, for special meetings for that purpose. One by. the first time, the hall in which the sessions styles, llata and HonneU cleaned and retrlmtne! Hon. E. G. Woolley, "Fundamental of the convention will be held. Books for 41 R stiiukt KJt west'templu this purpose will be found at the entrance., Nn rxx One by A, Principles, of Government. Opp. Grant Bro.. "Stable . Tanner when he was down here a few. of ;t.he hall. Regular delegates will please weeks ago, on "Public Opinion." The register in "Delegates' Registry;" visitors, Washington Co.'W.'S. Association has some in "Visitors Redstrv." very able women both as officers and members, and must certainly result in a great , OBITUARIES. deal of educational '"work among the - It is with feeling of sadness . 26,28,30and32East 1st South St that we announce . Ute'nht way who w -M .- - j ; i - I . -- -i ' . - . - f. j .. - Ben-niou- - ,' I - ahd-Mr.-Ja- . . . -- s. an-iuterest- - a if " - Mary-Jan- - - . . v . - - . Colton-Lynes- " V nit . . j 1 . Co-opsr- ative -- " ' , " rt M-- R.E.THOMAS -- the death (at Bandy Utah) of our beloved sister Avrilda Burkingshaw,after a severe-illnesof four weeks with typhoid fever., Avrilda UINTAH CO. V. S. A. Burkingshaw Williams was born in Masbrough Tiik following are the minutes of or- Yorkshire England, March nth,; 1856. Was united in marriage to Joseph Burkingshaw, 6th of ganization of the' "Woman's Suffrage Association in this County.'' The ladies of Nov. 1876," at Rotherham England, and joined the Church in 1885, she leaves a husband and two Uintah Co. met at the Vernal Stake house' sons. Father, mother and sister and hosts of friends x.,to, organize, a Woman's Suffrage Associa' While we mourn for her, we know that God tion, Sept. 25th, 1 894. Mrs. Mary A. Freeze has called her home, for a wise and glorious as chairman. The meeting commenced ' by people. and co-labor- er, s -- 1 SAIT LAKE CITY. The, Leading Retail, CasH Hoiisr R.K.THOMAS e 