VV Ihe f :Pie htsi ' Vol. 23. Women of Zwn, ' and the Rights SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, CONTKNTS: 3 Re- Day-r-Sara- h - Field's' Opinion. Relief Society Conference E.,R,AVeil.-R.S. Reports. W. H. I'. R. Class Mary Young, Parowan ItemsE. Crane Watson. Woman Suffrage Columns-Minn- ie Adams Sarah A. Notes Thomas. And Patty Newsj. Obituaries. e Editorial: Equal Suffrage In The Coistllu lion. The Coming of Miss Anthony. Editorial ' . Poetry-- The. l)estE. 7y My Carden Augusta Joyce Crocheron. Of Thee I Dreamed .. Hyacijith. .The Explosion Amy E,-Coo- THE You ask me when loved the best After twenty or before. . I'll take a moment for.retrospecl And view my Life's JLoves o.'er. My loves, the first forjnother. The loves for sister and for brother-T- hen . child-hood- I 's tbe.maiden's love, For the lover-thacame .to woo, And! the wife's love, when. I left The old life for a new." . . " X - '' " And down among your hot house plants Find place fof beds of mosses, The pampas grass will shield them well, "The while her plumes she tosses; And stately lilacs pink and white ' Will make' no proud complaining, . .For humming birds coquetting 'round . Will soothe' the least disdaining. . Then-wht- n 1 E. T. - MY; GARDEN. It is trmejpwtplaiit. my " - garden. To music's gentle numbers. Come, and thy soul led gently on To rest and poet's dreaming, , ' The sense of bliss thy toil hath wrought " A ""This morning I stepped outside, And a warm wind gently blowing From the south-lan- d far and wide, . Carney whispering sofily 'rdund me, "The blue birds and robins are here, The sparrows are building their nests,and There's nothing whatever to fear." Then I went where m'y last year's flowers . Had scattered their seeds around, And already the eager leaflets. Were pushing above the ground; And on vines late bowed with'snow drifts. leaf buds with warmth" were swelling he And high in the tree tops joyous birds ' ' Their riotous joy were telling. And everything seemed to say, "Come out Leave your window's Easter lilies, Come out in the hills and see what waits ; Where each crystal, rippling rill is, Come takers cowslips out of the damp" ".. And the ferns from out the shadows, ' . . I-T- - , - Shall real be-n- ot seeming, ? And they who gather 'round thee then th Sliall learn of beauty, And byJhejLpresenceat its shrin- ePraise love madejair through duty.' the-wor- Come take us blue bells from the side Of mountain slopes so lonely, We'll bloom for you and bless your care ' With odors for you only. And if you will, the birds you love Will surely, singing follow From out the deep and rocky glades, " And every grassy hollow. -- . - . AT "n c 1, t. . .'i: tates of conscience, and that resistance to tyrants is obedience to God. When the- great conflict xrpes the are ready, afld when the husband and father-au- d Ihe older sous join " thepatnotanny they gather tljeir little ories around them, and their faith and fortitude hold tfiem true, fleeing now from the hostile savages wild - frontier now - from the the harrying Hessians scou iug through farms and hamr lets; but oftener with busy wheel and loom and kneading-boarhoarding- - their" resources, their struggling country's needs. Martha .Washington kept thirteen spinning-wheels running at Mount Vernon, to make clothing for men, women, and children!. Women in the towns banded themselves together to wear homespun, to give on-th- e d , jupJaaaridFillsf men their ruffled gave up as. shirts and their broadcloth and "their silken hose. And let it stand, forever to the credit of the women of the Revolution jthat, -- inutile, darkest hours of the struggle for independence, when plottings and conspiracies were undermining the influence of Washington and i ... 1. - 1 j r n i: ti . . f gress; tliey neverlost their. confidence and courage, but fed, clothed, and inspired ' with never-failinAugusta Joyce Crocheron. hope the barefoot patriots of Trenton aud Valley Forg . April 2nd, 1895. John Quincy Adams, in a speech before the United States Congress asserting the REVOLUTIONARY TYPES OF WO- - rights of women ' to petition, on political1 'The ' voice of history subjects, said, MEN OF THE REPUBLIC. speaks; trumpebtongaed, of the daring and Read at the National Council of XVomen,' intrepid spirit of patriotism burning ' ' in the bosom of "the woman of that day. Yet v. Washington, D. CJ wherT we search for facts concerning woTiie women of the Republic are the man's part in the history of the Revoludirect heritors of the women of the Revolu- tion, 'it is like" culling flowers bythe. tion. A11 talk of a new woman is a mere flashes of midnight lightning. Washington fable. There is no new wronianr the , beloved , has not so much as a ' Irip Ever- - and always it is the same Woman; wrord even for Martha Washington's work the wTomanHvho wrent forth from Eden with at Mount Vernon. never a flinisv excuse unon her lins: the As in all times and nations, the women woman who sang the poeons of the Exodus; of the Revolutioir must be studied chiefly. the woman who spins among her maidens through the deeds oftheir husbands and --while Ulysses roarris the seas; the woman father, ,jn the reflected light of their sons who proves to her Roman neighbors . the and daughters. They, were the supporting redeeming power of Christianity upon a columns of the Revolution, investing the husband by showing the healed wound up patriot army as the gc4s of Olympus dd on her, arm; the woman who, launched the he contending hosts of. Troy. g, " -- : , . ' ' - confidence in princes. " Blessed womanhood of the world! Without if earth would be a howling vvjklerness, such;a,s Dante "saw and was afraid.' Behold the women of ihe Revolution They "roll the logs beside their husbands to build their rude cabins; they sow, they reap, they card and spin and make the' garments of the household; they rear rosy sons and daughters; tlieyie5 eh: them the Sermon on the Mount reverence. - pr holy things," respect for authority; courage, reliance, but, above all, that it is ihe right g-- We violets, and sweet buttercup's From out the spreading meadows. 19. - you've planted these and more; (Nor mignonette forgetting,) Come when the weary day is done And moonlight's softly setting Your Garden's picture framed in- dusk And birds are hushed. ih slumbers; v love, and iisr jCjriejLsit wj ULthose-yo- u , . No. self-contro-l- And columbines from City Creek In rocky fastness hiding. .. They were all true loves, That.will live forever and aye, That will not perish as earthly things That fade and pass away; The best of loves, true and sincere, Came to me ere my twentieth year But after twenty the crown .of all' Came to my life at my babyjs call. ' . Wfhere once you went r 1,95 . hs t v . erfTT---" JAncLfairy wh i givi Bring rushes from the Jordan's side : Nations: T Come, bring the wild clematis home ' Down from the WebSr river, Twill match Virginia creeper's green BEST.. Women of all ,rtn''" ; .'. . Ml V . bark of Columbus; the "yroman kneeling- on the bleak shores of Plyiriouth; the woman -who made the homespun suit for Uie inaugural., of her lmsband.as first President of the Republic; the woman who taught that President, when yet a little lad,' that it is better to trust in the Lord than to put ' . . - MAY E'en while you.sleep, we, all awake 7 While hours of might are going, Like fairy tale, w ill Softly work Some charm for morning's showing. Ingratitude fpr care bestawed Is not in floral natures, Nor miirmurs of dull discontent, As" eome from human creatures.' Come, set us by. your city plants ,: . And e'en we simple daisies, Their glowing colors will offset By our own piodest graces; "And o'er your roses vivid bloom And glowing beds of pansies, Our feathered soloists shall sing Your praise in sweetest stanzas.. 4 j. Kliiott. A Word From Cast L-- Dal Caroline A. Larsen. Ex Governor Thomas. .Kate .Notes. of the " Revolutionary Types Of Women Of The public Kate IWyvnlee' Sherwood. Arbor At-Lynn- , V 