, gu Vt- icV:v j- " J. . .o . ' X "V " i - ... ... tU..' .u; .;::. I. , ! a govl dcu mkI iu v.u!.iy's about - s.)., uiitviiniii; e'lu ha J.ud MalachvU 1 .Zee tit ! 1 4 -- ., m- b be the uvtrH upy evtant, and to hiv', bein eojMed touiMhe original S ptuaint. loll? U--is t he Inng.'li..,a Auuther papv j iCfvVUvMUvjof Wo:uen. hi- wh.U'. rt.MiV. ;: vvi;V;r.vt.hvrtiN vsi UH As :!ie i':osivcti o ii'toLhef ot Vh- tirtHca - I - - I" j ' 1 ff St.' Peter; v.iluabV """. ol the iiarrattv' j evidence onriob.i;tive of the evangelists.'- - A couiplete pietme f: the bier, moH4 jvrfected' manOur giiis the varied soeieUpt the I'ayoum of th . At we are looking forward to: A widows or Ivt-te:::u: have a v; g)!den d.i)sof the Ptolemies is! tifioidc-i- b knowledge of themelveS the iecueil papyri from Otirli; the vue.i se vtvfitr. k'unv haw to t ike care of their own bodies . - v. . , it aw to dress, eat, exercise, wptfc and tudy biliary of the Septuauinl contains matiy 1 Yr: the !:rg!:est development of themelves,i the Avoids peculiar to lliem. ho: i;:ne, Do m fair readers wish tor entertaiiiiii' wcii cri and tlien they will be in a condition to furnish bodies witthy of Hie noble spii its that monograius .of life in Athens 250 years H. merit is .worn: on. the other hand, all butin this Iast Djspeu-satiou- , C? Egypt gives upthe jxjems of Herde, cut on when; clothes' are are to'rull on tons should ; to make ready for. the coining of our a local poet, who'intioduces a dialogue be worn out, before they are jut in the tween tavo dames anent servant-gir- l Lord and Savior, Jeus Christ., Shoes should be buttoned, they wear better allliet ' r. s. and keep a better shape..' lun.s. iaiiiou.s, aim ine oeht oargains.- The afllueift mound of Xaukratis, the ;. Domestic economy will include economy of time, the old saying, '.'time is money,';' KX TRACTS FROM A DECADE OP site of the brilliant Greek emporium in to the housewife as well as the Egypt prior Jo .Alexandria,-- . 1000 by r EGYPTOLOGY yards, at the spade's bidding has given u , business man. It is not economy for. a womaterial for "a very important .'advance, in man to sit up late nights fu sew, or do Ramesseum 'of colossus the The .at our knowledge of the early Greek "world " work-other house-holMany a mother statue of Soo tons, was 6o as Professor Middletoir remarked. has burned the midnight oil and tired out Thebes, a sitting Mr. Petrie shows the Zoan in height. A head!ess Apollo, most diminutive, from body and mind to prepare fine clothes for... feet of to been have over now in Iiosion, is fully recognized as tons, monolith, 900 "Xaukratis, her children, that not only stimulate and of feet in You between 9 and. 100 prototype the faniou-- , Apollo of Tiieia height encourage pride and vanity in their hearts, at Athens. but overwork and lack of necessary rest i may judge, too, of the stupendous charac-- -i The remains of the Temple of 'Apollo cause her to become a fretful, peevish, sickly ter of the buildings at Zoan,' when this exof large vividly recalls details of the Erectheiim in' woman, unfitted to enjoy or perform life's plorer states that over "20,000,000 were found in the waiLaTthe end of Athens; hundreds of broken vases and bowls highest duties-- A woman's.tinie is too val- - bricks as nowhere else, the development 01" uable to waste in baking bread to throw to tlri temple axis. Of course they wgre not show, the early Ionic alphabeta vast collection of the pigs or chickens, she has too much to counted one. by one. , Where was Goshen? Greek tools of 600 Ik C. exceeds all other da to prepare herself, and culti vate the tal- Xaville had read on two fragments in the finds in numljef and variety; the site of tlie ents God lias given her, to waste her time j. Cairo Museum inscriptions relating to the first scarab factory yet discoverd reveals in Egypt called Arabia, gossiping and talking over the failings of nome. (district) fabrication of that cuwhich was kroWn' from the Septuagint and the entire 'process-o.her neighbors, or finding fault with the auGreek historians to repiesent the land of rious emblem of immortality to the ancient thorities of the church. She should be conblack J;gyptain. ;'The ICgyptian Princess'; tinually striving to reach a little higher Gcsheu. W'hen he espied a block ofSaft-el-became hktory as well as romance from the mud at daily, to Keep the lesser laws of God, that granite peeping Henueh, fjur miles east of the railway sta- - when the dull mound exposed its treasures. she may be able to obey the higher laws also, his trained eye' instantly tion and teach the children entrusted to to be worthy men and women, on whose recoirnized it as. a third, fragment of the That wonderful woman, Queen Hatasu, shoulders the burden of life will soon fall, monument from which" the two, fragments' built the most tiniqu: temple in all Egypt, Dr. Xa vilfe's pickaxes - and It is the mother's influence that molds had been taken. The results of six weeks j and liad site he work the that of .found proved the children more than any other, and "it is spades are finishing its excavation." Tne of which about of that the. Goshen, city lay woman who could order cut, made, eiu through and by this measure the race will fat land." ' j and set up at Karnak be elevated or degraded. The mother must graved, hisis a as credible enthroned Josephus -- tlietsw Ua t tes trjf-Hnerobc isksT"" teach the articles of faith, the ten com- rge at tne and have 'her order executed within seven ; m andmejrtSjtojT irayjiiskhcileiig-at-- T of the. Jewish cities-r- e site of Onias.-ou"months' lime, was the Pharaoh before ail tlitTtable, rso that when called upon to know to ferred Isaiah (19:19). by others to erect this terraced temple.. On these things, they are ready to respond. itself How must the have spade caught the walls of the south division of the' mid- To come to family prayers with clean hands it when electric thrill an turned up at die colonnade her depicted naval expedi-tioand faces, and smooth hair,- to .hold their the handle to Pharaoh gold to Punt was found by Mariette; while knife and fork properly at table, to be neat Tahpanhes He entertained Jeremiah tray! Hophras'. and quiet at table. Navillehas recently disclosed on the" walls and the royal daughters of Zedekiah; but of the northern division a history otlLataku An apostle not long ago in his prayer. Nebuchadrazzar en terejlHgypt her birth, education enthronment. circle, advised the menabejijojuilcdultiieir- Read the story in that The New ' Cyele iwrrcoiTars," tie their own neckties and Petrie well exulted in'the prophet, brush their own clothes. Whether there fund report: "The interest of finding the was any more on this line I do not know, Plgyptiau building specifically name:; CLASS IX MIDWIFERY. but it might well have been added do only in the Old Testament is unique, and this not leave papers you takeoff of packages or is increased Dr. R. B. Pratt, specialist in eye and by the fact that its arrange- are using a part of, lie around for some one ments a explain special description given by ear and midwifery, office 75 F. street, Salt ' else to pick up, or leave coats and Jeremiah:" Lake City , (Deseret Hospital is closed) com-- , on chairs or laying on tables, or, Those exare tablets an mences class in midwifery October 1895X shoes setting in various places to be moved haustless how like for mine; tablets Write yet many J particulars. The ex- r vyfieuever necessary to sweep. patiently await the discoverer's eye? As ample of the head of the family has great stated at the Congress of Orientalists in weight with the children; Papa does .so, Se'ptember at Geneva, a tablet disinterred at why can't I? .Living before children ms a Lachish, the Araorite ;city captured by constant repressing of indulging in careless on it the name cf Znnrida, the has Joshua, habits by the' elders, if they care a"Jl""b c Lachish the vernrian men- K for thetr exaniple or IhewelldxiinMf-thLnr-; i 628, 30 and 32 East I st South St., 7, o the tioned in tablets. So chiTdren. SALT LAKE CITY. ' proves the existence It takes a"Avomau of firtn pniiciplerand of Lachish, but shows theinterchange of e, strong will to perform the little duties faith- - these tabletsTlu,sed as or dfplolna The Leading fully, and bear the little annoyances of a tic correspondence between Kgypt, Canaan housekeeper's dally life, when. perhaps her and babylonia. ';- -. and tastes run in a different inclinations A papyrus of the third century that .Vk lilZX'r'i- 'N. w . i sptinOus t.ojK as - : ; v - 1 l r J v V- V.W t , ! -- . - the-wor- rag-ba- g: . j a - -- will-appl- 5, . d - .1 in.th-.museu- m - . j ; , j 1 . ; ! of-Ivber- j ' i i her-earcy- s Zag-a-Zi- . g, j ; to-da- I j i j j . y -- . gold-tippe- dj I st-am- Kt ' a 1 1 i. e -- ' - n t ; j and-raz- ed j 37-4- 7. j i ! hats-hangin- Tel-el-Amar- na - " j j " i j ' i - ELK. THOMAS - j lel-el-Amarr- not-onl- Tel-el-Amar- y ia ! na - j the-wer- , ' ! ' Retail iiousr 