WOM vr 1 EX PON KM , hw u? d jwxi lklbreeftisTO lfl ruTixa nrr U exercid'the Church and kingdom of. paign, ar.d a paragraph went the rounds to plc'Js letter; we ur- - a greatly blessed peoGod has been established mni the earth the effect that Iliad avrttd with mv or- we -- -- to liwmrage if the dead, the Gospel lUl" ihi? Shi had enjoyed the privilege of we that art? everythingT "PUki xAixdits'my defeat. Ai the man" ajacquainted with the prophet. Joseph Smith session of, we cannot recome ixrrfect at w ;lie was a prophet of God; in time ta not ''Carry mnchveiglit ' wheii it teachfeS urged the once, but 'sister to attend their meetings. give' hf ;time;"Dur"growork-in- ' knowledge .from, Wyoming. Another story was circulated their donations', assist the bishops, help the endless, we cannot do;the;Rei!Setr:is too much good. The to the effect that I Lectired ray large vote and do all the could. should sisters r"or, good they cultivate the spirit of prayer I had the largest vote of any candidate, by joa Relief Society was reported by , Presi'-den- t andnvisdom.;; : the having "sent my photograph to vayby Margaret J. Taylor, doing well. 'Mary n Thurber Relief Society was in ever'-mathe State. The only founda by E. AdamsrqKrted Teasdale Relief Society in President Sarah Meeks, Lvman bv Presi tion for this story was the fact that I, in good condition: Sister Lieinda Brown said dent Helen Maxfield. Sister Margaret Pace corn mouwith other candidates oil the ticket, she was nleased to het Mn'tiintiu made remarks 'which were timely. Sister sent out considerable campaign literature -- whenever .she had the. opportunity, always Coombs' represented the . Aldrich , Relief bearing our none too flattering .pictures. enjoyed the labors in the Relief Society, we Sixiety. Widely exaggerated tales pt perfumed notes should do all the good we can, the sisters Sister Susan Grant then addressed the being sent to cowboys who rode 100 iniles have the same spirit to guide them here conference. Said she had a to to vote Tor me, as well as to wave that they, do in other places, - President lear of the truth, she knew thetestimony in the faces of those who voted Lord lived me Fremont Rei.uuisu j. xny nji reporiect and hearo oiir prdyers, was1 always glad.to against me, also went the rounds Well,'t ' lief Society. Sister Maria W; Wilcox, meet with the saints. We are alLworking make a long story, short, the battle was president of the Relief Society, 14th Ward, ior the same end, we should be prayerful won. n 7 Salt Lake was the next speaker, said so We will not grow Indifferent; always . City, here we are- of one endeavor kclo a. work for ourkindreddead although strangers wrinan suffrage in Wyoming?" was asked. Relief is the. a family, Society 'Tnere is not," was the decisive great, and raise our. families so they will have a desire of the the' work, to go to the Temple to be married; parents glorious spoke "On the contrary, the institution meetings sistersjiad in the temple once a week," there should raise their children pure and noblef seems-t- o give general satisfaction to all the minutes of the first meeting of the Reour children are all we can take with us political parties and to both sexes." lief Society held at Nauvoo had been read here after, it is our duty to; obey the good and talked upon; "if we do our duties in counsel we hear from time to time; it is WILL ALLEN bROMGOOLE ON meekness and humility we can be a great always a to the sisters to have the help SILVER? help, it is a time that is spoken of when brethren meet with them, asked the Lord the hearts of the children are turned to the "to bless the sisters of the Wayne Stake. fathers and the hearts of the fathers to the President J'. S. Coleman said .she had Miss Will Allen Dromgoole, the popular children, and when. we pass behind the vail been highly edified with the remarks made an address at the it will be a great consolation to know that by the sisters and their visit, Southern author, gave appreciated in Atlantn we have done a great work for the dead. ' Oa.: a few 7. spoke of the minutes , of...the meeting at "Capital Colletrp" a to tribute and Parents should teach their children their Nauvoo, ,Miss high days ago, paid published in the Exponknt. The duties, send them to the Primary AssociaRelief Society is. not only to relieve the Anthony, which was warmly applauded. She said: tion and Mutual Improvement. There they poor, but to save souls. We should" be "It is a great thing to be the mother of a iuv; Jiticj lUlgtl, UIgCU HJC thankful that bur spirits have been reserved i4ij miuj great cause. Years ago there flashed upon parents to look after the yoUng and rising till this the last dispensation. ine worm ajwonian; sue naa no generation, ' asked the peace and blessing Stake 'President W. E. Robison encouro nf than the "wild . scheme" she the Lord ujxni us. aged the sisters to go on in their gboo1 work, had mothered. Wherever she went the Patrairch E. H. Blackburn felt grateful said the brethren should come to meetings hiss, the sneer, the finger of scorn were sure for the privilegef meeting with the sisters and see what great good the sisters are doto follow. Vet she pushed right on; the in conference, and to hear what had been ing, exhorted the sisters" to observe d implacable enemy of slavery in vanity's; of Wisdom, gave other good instrucsaid; "by sitting, on our seats we learn a great deal, but by getting up and bearing tions, related a revelation given to President nieslie- iita nds ma jest lcamon tf women; to our cesti monies- we learn nioreAVeare-spoke highly of the Relief Society in Wayne of our from time; to me, like the prayer of my ..'! the north ; When there is aRelief Society Stake. childhood, the name of Susan 11. Anthony " President Coleman made Conference we should ,al ways try to" be remarks. closing holds something grandly, solemnly, there lecanse there is a .great deal to be Singing, "When shall we all meet again," magnificently sacred. Whatever conference adjourned for six months. learned."' , oeeu-neomnuers, wuaiever ner may nave Benediction by J. T. Lazenby. Counselor IL M. Hansen was pkased to still she fought for- - women. T "And" faults, O. Anna Coi.kman ,Sec. give the sisters a word of encouragement wheneverdie could. Said the ReheJjMetv. woman cast a stone at I womanhood let-i- io W.OMANT-SU.PTthriiuiQaiiahisfc OF SCHOOLS: her. She is one of those who will never very .deed, sooke irrcat hel ttliev die; her name will gO thundering down the wefe to bishotos, etc. Miss EstELLK Rj2EL, State ages long after you, and I are forgotten; Elder Joseph Eekerley said he regarded dent of Public Instruction in SuperintenWyoming,' while her cause, the child for which she the Relief Society as one of the for interviewed was the greatest Chicago Dailv sacrificed so'much that makes a woman's Helps in' the Church,' there never was an . Tribune and is reported as saying: life dear to her, will live, and throb, and when afge people . were more accomplished The fact that I am a woman did not keep thrive; and flourish, long after she has than the' are today, women are raised up me from bearing my share of the burdens found a refuge under moss and marble. to be helpmeets and counselors to men. of the campaign, - financial or otherwise. I And her name shall outwear the marble The Lord knew the sisters were more capa- - traveled over most of the great State of that shall cover her great heart; posterity ' .'1' r t ii i noor man r ip nrpr nrpn shall weave for her a crown that old Time Wyoming, which has an area.. were, and therefore women have .been square miles, much of the distance being cannot touch. V011 may refuse her a hear- organized in this Church into societies. or wagon. I did covered by Counselor Sarah S. Korsyth said she had; not make any attempts at oratory in. my but shall .avenge her; and albeen edified .by what she had 'heard, and did to! not and discuss the ready that is dawning; upon the try speeches, made other encouraging remarks. Meeting of the but confined issues day, my Western slope where the sun goes down. political adjourned till 2 p. m; Singing, "Do what remarks, to explaining the duties of the already the rose of the new day is reflecting. is right, " etc. Benediction by Elder H. office for which J was a candidate, and telb Already the world has caught her message; ' n M. Hansen. ing why I thought I Could perform them to already the ear of woman is attuned to its Afternoon session met in the Loa Meeting satisfaction. I was treated with the greatmeaning, already the multitudes rise up to House. Alter opening exercises Sister M. est courtesy in all parts of the State, and "call her' blessed, " already upon the w. Wilcox was the first speaker, said she by the press, of whatever political faith. threshold of life stands the-newoman, thp eastern papers tried creat u re of. her i n spiratioti , knock ing for always had a. testimony to bear to the truth; Of course, some of the to side a the cam- - recognition. And as Moses refused to ty to manufacture funny liave.-vrrythin- ple, g UfSikmti(X -- - -- . ' w-- J v , c ' - d rej-xjrte- lnr v . six-shoote- rs , - re-joind- : r-- -o- tner-air-nouncenient . the-Wor- - -L- the-visit-- of aylor-appreciated -- the-sisre-rsT nly-totrarr-i7- rweTa . lv, - r ! - : v -- of-the- j . -- -- V.1 uicui-reiievinpT- A" ;- - ' ne of-97,0- 00 stage-coac- h to-morr- -- to-morro- w i . . ' w . " 