Preside V. ').',! meiiH "ri-con- i utjjUtaJiVL ra Stl Lake Ory, Utah, lubUshe4 rerras: oae copy one yc.tr, Ji.oo; on? copy six month?; eim-uHiro- ...... 3 . -- !v. -- - - f - r r by-cuil- e , r ii M M - A da- nr advertisers. - vout regular ''.. . , RcciiiS 227 &S28 Constitution Main 'Street, appose Z. C, N't, I. Business hours from. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Adjress all business communications to PUBLISHER WO MAN'S EX POSE'S l' -r ALT LAKE ClTV, lit AH. Exionk.n-office- TRIBUTE OF LOVE. fcuiM-tnf- c, " very laborious, ami to- difficulties - and - :?red. He - i hard tpJv leve that one could listen " to .v t vivid a picture 'without being convinced' of woman.s capabilities for citizenship. President Lorenzo Suow, Apostles F.;M. J i"",1"''0"' - ! ovation a accoirfeU to Sister Mary A. Freeze, President of the Y. L. N.M. v-- T A r.f tbH Silt tate .aVp O ZlOn-O- ! ' oung H.;Koberts, ll" ""v" v" -- ll B-- r' v.A- - .w.wwwv. the evening of Tuesdav. Tuue TS.' Mt is pressing love and admiration for. Sister and appreciation of her lalxrs among r useTess to attempt a description. of the floral J Freeze ttfae in Salt Like City. Entered, t the were beautiful as a' the young people. but decorations; they ttcond ciast matter Delicious refreshments were "served and summer dream, yet not so charming as the, J social conversation indulged in, greetings, .. SU.T LKR ClTV, JU.LV 1, 1895. 1. young girls and women themselves, attired ,1. uui, . and one rose after in white, Win colors, they aruunu aim uie cniciiuiiunciii. was eioseu anotner to give expression iri cntimptifc t with singing and a benediction pronounced POLITICAL SCIENCE STUDY. love, appreciation and admiratioir.to trie one in whose honor they had assembled. As by Bishop Rolert Morris of the nth Ward for Sister Freeze herself, she was literally where Sister Freeze resides. Altogether the entertainment must have been very sat-- , The; Department of Study in Political buried in flowers, each one of the Presidents isfactory to "Sister Freeze, and great credit Science has prepared the plan of wok so of the branches of, the Association in this is due those who had the arrangement of much talked of heretofore and will fill orders stake, throwing hera boufUetof roses imin affair the entire their hands. mediately after she; was seated; entirely unfor the local associations or clubs who wish conscious of the nature of the gathering it to take nn the stud v. was a 'wonder she bore all this adulation AIM THK I)1C PA RTM K NT . EDITORIAL NOTES. without breaking down. Sisters Nellie C.' "The object of this department is to proTaylor and Maggie C. Shipp conducted the vide a systematic Course of Bko. Joseph Home and .wife left the the exercises in the mpst graceful and digin the principles and facts which underlie nified 'manner, and to them doubtless' as- city June 17th to visit their (laughter, Mrs., the great Political Questions of our day sisted by willing helpers of the Associa Spencer, in Paris, Idaho, and to attend A knowledge of history has long been estion the success of the entertakiinent is due. the wedding reception of a teemed a necessary part of education but a y u ' First Presidency was represented by A The . of serious the science calm, politics, stjudy which includes the events and. conditions President Jos. F. Smith, the Apostles by President I)renzo Snow, F. M. Lyuiau. Mesdames Mary Hillom Higgs, Salt surrounding our every day life is far more and. Abraham 11. of Cannon.the Presidency Lake City, Annie P. Tillotson, Ogden, ' rare ' J E. Counselors Jos. Taylor Lucinda M. Patten, Payson, Utah Co., This and a great deal more the Prospectus this Stake by Relief The W. C. and Penrose, Society by Marfon M. Hand, Benjamin. Students sets forih, aud it is with the idea of educaBathsheba W. from the class of Dr. Maggie C. and D. H Zina Young Shipp, ting the women of the country in Political Smith and officers of the the others, have general Medthe Territorial today, Science that this plan of work has been prepassed just S. Elmin A. Y. I. N. L. M. ical Board. by i Taylor . ;.T. '.. pared. ;::t."and her Counselors Maria Y. DougalL We want to call the attention of our Marth H. Tiugey. Study classes that are formed will be exThe hall was crowded with friends of readers to the study of Political Science pre. pected to pay the same State and National' Sister Freeze 'and members of the Y. L. pared for women by a special committee dues as regular suffrage associations, that will help to prepare the which it is is the amount must be enough to retain in N. M. I. A. the occasion was one of great women of expected thejrou interest and appreciation of the,la)orsofl the StateJTreasmjand Jeircents--t the-N- a when the Association in "Ibis Stake of Zioiu The opportunity arrives, asit" assuredlv nouai treasury. mis sum is used lo the will in near future. the hymns that were sung were composed by carry on the general work. Sister Mary A. Freeze and Sister Carrie S. SiSteks Zina D.H. and the writer METHODS OF STUDY. Thomas; one of the particular features of attended the conferenceYoung of the belief Society The methods should include in the the occasion was the presentation of a testiBox of Elder take on ths..i th of June and subjects.. General Political News, Conmonial from the young ladies of the County had a most enjoyable time. The following, gressional News, Legislative News, State ' Associations of a large picture, handsomely 2 th, was the; con ference of the Y. X'. Judicial News, Social framed of President Mary A Freeze and day. Tariff. Fiiianciab Nws" T .nbnf her Counselors and Aids, which must have X..M..I AT- - Sisfer - Nl inuie - J 7"Snowrcame from the city to attend it, and Sister News, Foreign News. been very acceptable as they are the helps up D. H. Young remained to take part in The folio wine ate suggested for who assist Tn the progress of the work Zina public meetings. The Duty of the Citizen, spiritual, mental and moral which is being the conference. Sister Zina D. II. Young Government, The Town done for the youth of Zion. Sister Mary and sister E. S. Taylor attended the conferences of. the Relief Society and Y. L. Nl meeting, Initiative and Referendum, Pro P. Young one of the Counselors presented M. I. A. of Saupete Stake, held at Ephriani portional Representation, UniversalSuffrage, the picture in a fitting and eloquent address, on the 2th and 29th of June and had an Woman Suffrage, how can .Patriotism be aud Sister Freeze in the . most responded excellent time. taught in the Public Schools. and grateful manner. happy "Thiscourseof study is prepared as nearly The first speaker of the evening was Pres- .;.'. Soy va KovALEKSKY is the' title oi a as possible to meet the demands of all ident Joseph F. Smith, who in the course of book translated from the Russian and classes of persons, busy housewives :and h is remarks waxed eloquent and incisi ve , Swedish, the Russian translation by Isabel women who cai only command scattered on the of illusand subject equal suffrage, the F, Swedish A. M. Clive Hapgood, t, .. by tn (,tt,v nintnpiifi; for roarliiif v..-,t iiv navv. trated, his views by trie story ,of his own Bagley, published by the Century Co., New leisure, college graduates and those whose mother, who vhen a widow with a large York. The book is a very remarkable one ambition is broader, it has been planned to family dependent upon her. journeyed from in many ways,- - quite out of the meet all these differing conditions as nearly Nauvoo, (after .the martyrdom of her hus- and giving the reader a good idea- ordinary ' : r ' of wo, "as'possible." band) uuder the most difficult circumstances; man's real condition in Russia. The design of the N. A V. S. A. is to and when the call came to start to valthe The biography and memories of Sonya make this course of study entirely left Winter in ley, 1847 Quarters 1 following Kovalersky show her as a. very superior and albtext books will the pioneers, attending to her own ' teams and highly gifted woman, brilliant in mathvvithreterence to maintaining such imparand after the entire wagons," looking outfit ematics and abstruse sciences, prophetic and ".""'..'. tiality. anu accomplishing wnat very few men . inspirational in a very great degree, acutely rT- 't ' ! ; j j I j ''"f i.-i.- . i """"T1, . . 01-- " . self-instructio- n grand-daughte- T V ; . . ' -- . , r--- . -. - .; 1 Local-Affairs- Prob-lemsTh- 1 c- -- ' t Ideal-Municipal. - " - 7 - , 1 n . - ; - non-partisa- be-selec- ted n - : - j red extra, jr postage-Onyear 25;VS;-.ivMi7iAdvertising rates: . Each square, ten line'.- of nonpareil A liberal tiiS- month it snir nnc time -- -- . in all the various localities,-anbelieve it- will be the. most educational nolitical matters of auvr method which, has r ever yet been adopted - ! es. I the desert, built her own house, and supcrin I tended all the details of farming and" Carina' in Tor slock, etc., in a new country where all was tins courseof study to the d - hat e done, ooulu 