EXPO WOMAN'S 1 r 1 wo MAN'S rtenv A. W. Cannon gave own char.KteHsti -- some club lnehiTiTI-and tkius Quest r l iters gave expression UT their" feelings. iii. thanks and appreciation of the courtesv-M?- ) anil W kind tr e:t$;h ntlier. atid in this way. cement the bonds of relationship till we IT jbrin anuueiidi gol him : t h a tr w il F'reac to thatother glorious place frotn fit where jao troulvle or sorroyuiijexexjCI bXPONILN'T. ASS IS tyffa-Hitet- try a v i postage one year, 25 cts. . . yjow,-vain' Each square, ten lines of nonpareil rites;-Adrertmnj ,..spac- - one time, $3.50; per month, $y tx. A the rid . regular advertisers.. EXPONENT office, Rccms 227 ;& 22S CtnMitution Build-tnr- , Main Street, opposite Z. C. M, I. Business hours from 10 aim. to 5 p.m every except Sunday. Address all business communications to' r di PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT; - - Entered at the Post second ciasi matter in Salt Lake City, Utah, a Salt Lake City -- for the absence of gttests, wbo were either : pray ( iod . to bless you all with His Holy Spirit. May it to your f(X)tsteps and a light to your pathway in the journey of life. .May yon all, live to celebrate the- birthday of this great man for many, many years. I ,out of town, or had previou lie-guid- engagements. . Mrs. and Miss Mackintosh gave an elegant At Home, at their handsome residence in honor of Mrs. Lane of Washington, D. C. - ICverything was on the most fashionable and elaborate scale. Th: house in itself is niagnificeut, and its arrangements and.fur-nihingKDITORIALXOTKS grand and imposing. It. reminds one of an old castle, except that- - it is too We desire to call the attention of our modern in tone, and has notthe sombre old readers to the Union Pacific excursion rates "ness of the aiuK liarons. will be a The floral as published in our columns. decorating was simply indesciiba: good opportunity for those who desire' to 'ble except by an artisL'; The l)eauty, or take a little recreation during the hot Americaiiblush roses predominated, bin " weather. there were many, other . more delicate and Tmi Relief Society conference of this paler roses and other blossoms in charming, StakcTf Zion was held today in the Salt contrast.- The dainty refreshments partaken sLake Assembly Hall. Mrs. M. Isabella of in the midst of stTmuch that charmed President Angus M. the eye and gratified the sense was like Home presiding. feasting on ambrosia, and one could easily ' Cannon waspresent and President Zina Young with her Counselors Sisters Jane imagine fairy land, so enchanting was the S. Richards and Bathsheba W. Smith. The occasion. Conversation in such a 'place,'".' written resignation of both President Home's and at such a time, was naturally inspiring, counselors were presented and acted upon, and the constant coming and going of new and two other counselors electedjo fill the; faces, and dear, delightful friends must have vacancies; Sisters Annie Taylor Hyde made the hearts of the charming hostesses and Clara 0, Xairion. The minutes of glad and happy. Mrs. LaneVwho has been in Salt Lake before was mostgracious to all, the conference will be published later! and every one felt on meeting .her that ; The pamphlet containing the speeches of peculiar fascination, which makesoue forget Hon. 0. F. Whitney made hi the Constitutime and place and linger on, until the next tional Convention is now ready for distribuintroduction reminds one of the fact- that tion. The County W. S. Associations five hundred or more are also to extend and should avail themselves of this, opportunity and send a few stamps for postage on receipt receive greetings. A band' of musicians in of which we willforward the literature. the hall of the grand staircase discoursed Those who read and study the" speeches of melodious, dreamy music which floated out F. S. Richards and O. F. Whitney will .upon the perfumed air and mingled With the conversation of the happy company, . find some good arguments, and much desirable information on this important subject who half unconsciously sipped their tea or partook of ices, creams, etc., or strolled which is so much discussed and so indifferfrom niom to room admiringly. It was a ently understood viz. political equality. most delightful afternoon. .Mrs. MaekiuThe pamphlets have been, published by the u tahAVoman Jmftrage Assrxnation"atiiLara happy success of theenortto give her friends freely distributedrtTie means being generthe opportunity of meeting her. very charmously given by the ladies of Salt Lake City and County, in the hope of setting before ing guest and friend. the people some of the 'why's and whereA graphic lecture and recital was given fore's of the reasons for equal suffrage for by Ida Snow (daughter of President Lorenzo ' men' and. women. Snow) on the evening of June 14th, at Mrs. Arthur Brown gave a pleasant recepUnity Hall. The lauy has traveieciiii- tion and tea at her home tanied"in soifierUieiiiost in WonTanPressXlub and other lad v friends. teresting cities, aud has evidently made Mrs. Brown is a very genial and gracious good use of her time and is well qualified hostess, and on this occasion as upon simiby study and observation to tell what she lar ones, her parlors were artistically decohas seen and to describe accurately places rated giving them the appearance of a and people for the satisfaction of others who bower of roses the fragrance and beauty while listening to her clear, were specially delightfuL We shall not voice cannot fail to be highly entertained. attempt Urgive a description of the scene, The first part of her lecture was devoted to but suffice to fay everything was in the her own first impressions of Venice, the most, perfect taste for the enjoyment of her Grand Canal by moonlight, its novelty and gaests, and the conversation of such ladies dazzling spIerdorwiyiitstQ wetiind stately S Mesdames Judd, BaldwiuKimbalH "palaceTrisinYlrrrrihe water, it was almost Clawson, Henderson, Richards, Kraft like seeing- it iii a vision so 'life-lik- e was L. K and A. F Young and others her vivid word painting. The Rialto bridge equally brilliant, together with the "Club" was, described picturesquely the- - music women made the hours go swiftly by. Mrs. floating on the waterfrom a brilliantly ilBrown in a very artistic , way read Eugene" luminated gondola under the marble rock Field s pbeni 'Tii Conversazione, which of the Rialto; the gondoliers strange woou-in- g Miss Maude Pratt heartily applauded. at every turn.ah. I talm! In the happiest opeiievith the song J'Last Xight" and manner Miss Snow, descrirjed the Piazza of Mrs. R. MFox read an original humorous St. Marco with its elegant colonnades and poem ''Wool's Sphere.'' Miss Laura polished marble palaces,- - its square ' paved Hyde gave an appropriate recitation." Mrs. with marble promenades; the tranquil irido- - Lorenzo . June -- D. Young. s Salt Lakf City, Utah. Office d ivit v r yu-;W- 1 is-worl- in-he- a 15, 1S95. BIRTHDAY ts If days-ofkiiigh- - On the' first" of June; at the Young in the Social Hall," the following .interesting letter was read, which awakened many tender recollections, in the minds of tl;ose present. A letter o greeting from Patriarch Lorenzo I) .. Young, was read "by Brother Frcnklin W. Young, as follows: Re-unio- 1S95, n :. -- Salt Lakk City, June i, iSc5. President Brigham Young and the members of the Young. Family Association. l)ear Brothers and Sisters: It would have given me great pleasure to meet with yuu on this momentous occasion, the anniversary of the birthday of a great and good man, one Whose deeds live after him, and whose memory is still green in the hearts of those who loved and honored him. I would like to talk to you, a little about the things that lie near, my heart. I stand, as it were, on the threshold of "another world, and I look back on the years that have vanished like a dream, and .have t& jght me so many lessons; and I long with infinite longing to impart some of my thoughts to you. After our toilsome journey to reach this valley, that was to usjhePjoiiiised Land, we arrived here Mn tluTearly morning; we were weary and but our still undaunted. My brother, eouragewas was Brigham, riding with Brother Woodruff. He rose up from his seat in the carriage and exclaimed in a voice that silenced any doubt that might have arisen, "This is the place, this is the place, ''and we looked around at. the wilderness and black crickets, that forbidding as it was It was henceforth to lie our home. Look around you today and answer, Was he not inspired? His body is resting on the hillside where the trees murmur a requiem and the flowers perfume the breeze that wanders above him, but his glrorous spirit is reapinjf-.threward of his arduous labor and it will only be a little time till we will follow. Let us live humble lives, forsake the ways of the world and prepare to meet him J If Punderstand these celebrations we come here for the purpose, of becoming betl ter acquainted with each other, Tor.tlie purpose of strengthening the 'tie of fnendship. for a reunion- - of love ami gbxl feeling. You have, been trewing'the roses of aueetion and remembrance mf an honored grave; do not forget to scatter flowers ofkindness around you at, alflimes We honor the dead, aud we owe i'r great duty to the jiving. . Ict us learn to love - , travel-staine- d, , of-sage-br- -- and-knew e . . " . - ; I),;-H- . -- - . -- " - well-modulate- - . d 