..-- :" , - my i - 0 .. . hl (t U Xitr Alfrtd , r :,!i :f?-- 7 r, v. I o ii c i ; 11 i trir ch'ildri-- ':' n' unA Vt-t-- sitnd tlii-- n more t-- with. our. ..time-- tfj.ll's that' the- r - ' Whied 1j;;.its ndm'njitr tion,. spoke on i.i': rearing ot ;tir children, if they are taught to olxry aiid respect their parents they.. will- olev tlie nrif't h( ifv1 ip. blessings of the Lord upon all', assembled. . a-ls- t - Ma v. you ever be true and faithful ihV vows at the altar. youVe given; .y the trust 'and the faith of .your fireside, ne hut a foretaste of Heaven. , i,' B it should the dark day of trial, j ver vour pathway cross o'er, Tif--:clasp hands more firmly together, .And the aid of our Father implore, , be the privilege , of all who desire 'it, if we .will.'hi- - hiniiLlM nnrl fnr it through prayer and faith, spoke on the life of the i Savior Miss Nellie Hinman felt that we should although in a scattered condition; appreciate our blessings, the Spirit of God felt to do her duty and asked GfKl to bless dwells with the pure in heart,, let us think ' all. more of our eternal welfare, and less of this Counselor Mary Lowe made some goodi- world's goodv- onn A. noon leit remarks, snoke on nhh rlntit 'of mathor. btake Counselor ' ' .; hood, felt that mothers should watch their' pleased with the spirit of the conference; every word and action, and set' worthy ex- - the Lord has instituted these organizations r 1 amples before our children through His servants for our good some are Sister Any K. Leavitt s,iid we have need blind to their own interests and do not take to be thankful for our comfor:able,surround-- ' advantage of these things, we should teach jugs and for- - the goodly portion of the our children the couse uencesof bad habits, Spirit of God we enjoy, we need His spirit and .explain the Scriptures to them and ' J. at all times to assist us in Tjringingup"our teach them that we have the privilege of '"children. ...... L communing with angels, if we live for.it, ; . prayed the "spirit of their calling might Singing, "The Songs of the Heart." President Catherine Pilling gave a fivor-- ; rest upon the officers and all present. fiishon Tosialr Hammer said there had able report of the. "Relief Society of Etna'. "All are trying to do the best they can in been many good points touched upon, we their scattered condition," asked. the bless- - must, take up a labor with our boys felt it would lie productive of good as there seemed ings of God upon all, that we may grow to be a spirit of carlessness among, them, if . and increase in good works. '. Sister Martha '"Archibald," Annie Baker we are united in this we can check it, and ' and Sarah Broadbent, each lxre a faithful 'bring them up iutheinfluente ofthe Gospel. President M.- - L. Woolf presented the testimony and made some interesting renames of our honored and aged Sister Zina marks. . , n, - , ' i j 'O:.'d.you think of a glorious landscape, Where never a shadow was.seni-'Thewhere Would the shading and color,' lirifig the light and the dark between. had-- a : Counselor S:;rah Lay ton : reported the Mountain View Society as working together in-uniso- . knew the spirit, of God was in our rnidtv testimony of this work, knew it to i -- f 1 aiKl - 1 1 v ymir utipti il tlay. .M i, the hrihf skies oflov; svvcctly hoimin, Mj the lorks of Life's golden hh.-- h; j lr- v gladness and joy in. your pathway, And. never a clout come hetween. , rmp- 'wtirdi'.tO"in.soit-r- It' j 1 I .ifc'fi to i.i t n j journey,' -i- d oVr.au unknown Mrroti v i Tf": Hiis - r- wner-trT-rr- " i KXPONKNT , y.OMAN:!-;- ; . ; . i . ! j . ; j go were Life one continuous morning, Or even a;glorious noon-da" ' y, .'Twould be dull and uninteresting ." Willi no shadows cast over the way. ." - j ' of Life is given, To climb to the hillsxf the blest, Tho' descending deep down. in the valley Vet ends in the haven of rest. So the journey - . -- . " . forever and ever, Fledge your lives both now and for aye; Come, sorrow, come triAl, stand together, And wait for the glorious day. So he true ; -- - ..''..' r To our Father and God above, Bear witness that He is remembered, .'By, hearts "that are; warmed by His lOve. will He bless" you forever, Ami clasped in the arms of His love, Th' ii teach-r.then- " . stand and never falter, Till He calls you to dwell above. will Vo'.i - - , 0, then with the loved gone before us Vour sisters and brother too, j May we drink of life everlasting could ' ! - .vr mother" s prayer Father unto us, felt to and blessing. Lydia I). Alder. S.ik Lake, Oct. 9, 1S95. . Tin; Relief Society of tlie Alberta Stake of Zion convened in the meeting house tli, in a conference capacity, com mencing at 10 o'clock a. ni. Stake Presiden; L. Woolf presiding. Singing, ''Redeemer of Israel." Prayer by President Mary X. Woolf. Singing, "We thank Tin e O God for a Prophet. ' ' The roll was called, showing eight officers present. Minutes of previous conference lead and approved. President Sarah B.- JDaines was called Up on report the Cardston Society over which ' vice-preside- t-Mary. stake-officer- - t- SheVeraveTyoTrrpit epxesides of the good work the sisters are doing, and of the unity that exists among then;, spoke" briefly. on the rearing of child-rand the necessity of teaching them strict obedience. President M. L,. Woolf rejoiced in liie'et- jng .'ith the sisters in this conference, 'this is a day of the general conference of our ke Sister R. May thanked the sisters for their kind feelings, felt to be humble and. asprayerful, desired the Spirit 'ofGod.to sist her at all times. de- Singing, "Prayer is the soul's sincere prayed that the spirit of God sire." Benediction by Counselor Rhoda mencement, i l won d con t n uewith us. Sin r in 2 " No w Hinman. " Conference was adjourned Theliftefnoon meeting began at 2 p. m. let us rejoice. Benediction 'by Elder President M. L. Woolf presiding. .Singing for, six mouths. Samuel Lay ton. "Lo, the mighty God appearing." Prayer Jank W. Baths, Sec. by President Sarah B. Daines., Singing,Comi"Come O Thou King of Kings." selor Rhoda Hinman spoke on the life of Miss Ai.re C. Flktciier was elected exthe of many of the anthropological secJoseph the Prophet and heard had his of character, cellent traits tion of the American Association for the felt the and .times power him speak, many Advancement of Science, and will be one of o mose tlie remains viewed he possessed, ks (lekgates t0 the international Congress ot the with bullets, two brothers pierced of American Scientists at Mexico, Oct.. 15'. ., ;r pnpmips- urred all to seek for the 20; it is the spirit of love, as Lord the of Spirit X Mayor SuTRO.of San Francisco, has pre. peace and union. haabeen. pleased with sented thirteen acres, south of Golden Gate Sister Ella Nielson ?vuf--vrA , thpsiil)'iect-o- f j 7 wiiat.1uaaoeeu-soj.u.i-''fin nnters iisne ior iu ucvv cuucKcuuiiuHica.-iu- t wuaiu jii " CARDSTON, CANADA. nct-)o- we should seek the Lord early when our mind and body is fresh and clear, should give liberally of our tithes and offerings that we may be rewarded accordingly.felt to thank the brethren for' meeting with, us, but sorry, they were detained 'at the com- May. , R. 'S.. REPORTS. Oct savnLcflihcJunda bless Sister - ' : " . . . - , JLliHri.old things givephtce to the new. ) Young, President of the Relief Society in all the church .audller Counselors were presented, desired that we sustain them with our faith and prayers, she then the president and ,.presentetLthe.-Jiames-of- her.couuseldrs of the Alberta Stake. Said we had been blessed to day by laying by our labor and coming to meeting. Sister Zina I). II. Young told' us when she was with us, she felt the" same spirit here that". she felt in the temple of our God , and I leei II D.' Sister Sarah Hinman saidr"Our children are given to us of the Lord, we should those principles that strive to i will lead them back into his presence and 've:ieed his spiritosjsushi doing so. ... Sister Gregs7)n .bore her testimony and related her experience -- in receiving the Gospel. r ' President M. Woolf said we should re frain from saying we cannot say any thing in ffVf- is nil hfld-r- tf'stttnonv to bear and tf prayer oft ascending Let the incense .. nt j s ( - ; . 1 -- ! 1 i ..t - -- dobTsthe , . may be found right companion : (r "linnf "KlSHigJi..1Hammer felt Slnf Flizabeth we were Diessea, kuc r in early days to b j near the crty is preferable to the. University s J Sutro :present'home-- at "Berkeley 1 ..-M- ayor j will erect, on a lot adjoining the new site, that .a home for his library of 300,000 volumes, Sltf. which he will present to the city, though it - estabferhig of the Saints of lish this work; let us study the principles i...a University. Ex, au ,1 n,a A w 