1 ;.. exponent: 'WOMAN'S ptrforin';:.ypur .duties, Sustain '.' your presi-- , dents, stanfl dQse JJer,obe(vver counsel tid-1 promise you , your associations wil 1 be successful, go forward not backward. I have been associated With Sister Home' LVt?.UrU'ears, I know she is a woman of 239 and five hundred. I; am .proud, of this. 4 - Georgia,-i- n De Give' s y J an u Sister Francis said " this is the first meeting ary 31, to February 5. OperaHouse ,' I have attended, have greatly enjoyed the. The object of these Conventions is to edu- remarks of the Sisters. Thought Lady' X knowledge of their, rights 'couldac-eonipllV- h sent.' of to world the mauj a great amount of good, had inrougn , mem to- arouse tne nation to a tcT BrotherY"-J spoken Brigham Young upon sense of national wrong perpetuated by the nngi uer counsels. I thank you for your the sit'hiVrfr white "in "Talari H :W hiAo disfranchisement of half the )eople of the kind attention. Don't criticise m too much, to leanr- - these Sisters were I United States.in opposition to the principles going forth, but pray or me May the . Lord bless us,' am sure' will they accomplish much good of government declared"! bur laws and ivis uuij spun, ir made other remarks. vviiwiiuuuj Other . Sifters spoke constitutions., '. r prayer. ' All testified, of the good spirit present. The! While Colorado's .full enfranchisemeTit .of Sister vMurris "said I feel impresseoVby subject of fault finding, evil speaking, etc., women, in 1 893, is' encouraging; the defeat the spirit to say, my sisters will go in peace was touched of the suffrage amendments' in New York upon by many of the speakers, - all felt to condemn and return in safety. the paoctune, and to and Kansas in 1894, shows ho'w Jargly men ' Sister Zina Young felt to say Araeri' to all live above it. 7 still fail when called upon to put in practice that had' been;' said. I wish the words President- - Home-mad- e dosing remarks, the principles fhey enunciate. , v spoken could be written on work with our hoped the Sisters would pray for the dele-- ; Thoughgranted 1 own pen lherPis little more t6 be said, gates, they have great; opportunities of some concessions to women slight citizens,; When I think of not being able to go into . in no States of the Union, save Wyoming doing good. May the Lord be with-theour beautiful temple it makes me feel bad, 011 all" occasions, and may the peace of God and Colorado, are women yet admitted to J 'i but my duty is foremost, if we are living Sister the dignity of equal rights in citizenship. accompany them on their journey. as Saints. , We have the Holy .Ghost to Morris spoke under the influence' of In only six States of the Unioii are mothers ' " guide us. We must work out our o wn the spirit,again onceded to" b leg ' owners of their 03v.1saying the mode of travel shall salvation with faith and trembhng-Vlt-stand- s: be guarded for your sakes my Sisters Meet children. us in hand' tobrfaithful . The po wer two weeks, sangTherfPresident of State Suffrage Associations; adjourned for of the Lord is with his people; Vev are ing . luiic-icti States together with many iicneuicuon, oisier from thirty-fiv-- r greatijtes God" Julia Howe. hpcnt. 7 famous lecturers, will take part in the Conrightiu this book, (Doctrine and Covenants) ViLATK YouJNG, Sec. vention . programmes. . Among these exIts right tov praise God with our voices, pected are Re w Anna Howard Shaw,. of There is great power in fasting and prayer, IN THE YEAR OF OUR LORD 1894I many mothers are left with the whole New York; Carrie Lane Chapman-Catt- , of ' ; charge of their children, Don't 'stop pray- K. Iowa; Caroline Merrick, of Tvouisiana ; ' ing, if you seek the Lord He will be near The Chicago Tribune has been keeping Alice Stone Blackwell, of Massachusetts; you. . We should bless each other, rather count of the ghastly record ,cf murders Henry, Kentucky; Dora ; than find fault. The Prophet Joseph" used" committed during the past yearv There Josephine of Colorado; Elizabeth U. Phelps Buell, to say , we didn ' 1 7 bless each" other" half were 9,800 murders reported", almost 50 per Yates, of Maine, and Mary C. .Francis, of "' enough. Don't be over anxious but enjoy cent, increase over the ' previous : year. Ohio.. the blessings given, and not find fault. If This doubtless is largely due to the enforced Susan H. Anthony, President. we are faithful the world will be astonished . idleness of such an immense proportion of Ellen Battrlle Diktric, Cor. Sec'y. ' ..at our works, and the, Lord will not forget population. The causes of the murders are " ,' us when he . gathers up his jewels. I want thus tabulated: to hear' my sister, may the Lord bless us S. L. CO. W. S. A. Ouarrels, 4,536; unknown, 1,856; jeal ' with his choicest blessings. ousy," 812,, liquor, 776; by highwaymen, A Sister said how beautiful are words Minutes of the V. S. A! held January 525; infanticide, 340; resisting arrest. 2i ' the of I God. inhave reatd highwaymen killed, 204; strikes, 179; spoken by 22nd 1895, in the 14th Ward HalL Presi-- spirit ..1 r .il love for my. Sisters who are placed over us K scnm, i2t; sC11 ueiejibe, 99; outrage, 49; dent Dr. Ferguson in the chair, Sang to counsel and instruct.. I have been riots, 25. "Hark the myriad voices" Praver Marv and The of number strengthened encouraged by attending legal executions were E. Bassett, Sang, "Come, comeaway.L these meetings, have passed through many 132; and the lynchings nearly one-haand' aoproved. moref -"trialsbutraHrrreserved strength to bear or 90, of whom 34 were negroes. There President Dr. Ferguson briefly related about them through fv i the 1 were n nched - blessings of (iWl the 66 south and a had ly "persons, attended, where she 0 meeting she Four-fifth- s greatest desire is to continue faithful in all in the North 24. of the found many who were not in favor of suff" things. lynchings ofcolored men w;ere not oh ac rage,- thought if all ;could write in this Another Sister- - said I feel full of the count of crimes against women able to do more-- efheien t cause they .w;oiild The number.of suicides has also increased work'. There will be very' few that will and jpiri t pf to felt L God bless them i am slightly, being. 4, 9i2f The causes are not not work for purity, truth and right. iaior, say -to our pleased say society is in a good con-- , wjell crassined, 3,309 coming under the heads Ruth M . .ditionst Con-of despoudtney and , unknown It to discuss the petition referred to in the finding. of God like "The a seems losses a are business that not gregatidh sang spirit very minutes. Motion inade and- carried that fire is burning." these rise to only further discussion be allowed. giving important factor, A sister said my heart is full I can hardly for Called what while,, J: E. Macfarlane, Ella Hyde, Julia Drdce, "love, ' ' 22, they control my feelings, I pray the Lord to 232 shuffled off this mortal coil But an Ruth 'M. Fox, Mary L!. Morris were in bless the Sisters going 'away, and return even larger number pf the married found favor of the petition being laid over till next '' them in safety. tolife unendurable. Have.no hard, feelings , ; Mary Silver, Adella W, meeting. ward any one, want tov sustain those in The total embezzlements, public x and Eardley, M. E.' Irvine, E. M. Price were in Sister authority. Jrilcox said my heart is private, were the largest of any year .on favor of the petitions being circulated. full of blessings for ray- - sisters, I know the record, amounting to $25, 234, 11 2; . After much discussion a motion was made is of in God the earth. bless he The figures certainly prove that adverse and carried that we do nothing till next power May us, and- bear us off victorious. Sister times and conditions produce crime. ' They meeting. Reference was then made to. the Brown also felt to bless hei sisters., We afford much food for thought, and certainly entertainment to be given on the 15th, Feb. should not- - neglect jjour -- prayers;' for the should arouse. those w,hoj are saying, committees- - chosen to act for .the benefit of prayers of the righteous availeth much if "Peace, peace, when there is no peace." the same, adjourned till Feb. 5th. ' we are, faithful fo our. duty, the reward is p;. Irvine, Sec. sure; made other remarks.-- ; Sister Morris was thankful' to be numbered with the NATIONAL AMERICAN V. S. Miss Anthonv and Mrs. Chapman-Cat- t CONVENTION. Saints,; this people is, my, people,- their God are meeting with great audiences' and is my God, pray the. Lord to bless our In accordance with a resolution passed at generous applause 011 their Southern tour, ' Sisters, I know they will be blessed, and which began Jan. 9, at Lexington. Kv. accomplish much good, Sister Taylor then the last meeting of our Association in Wash 'A t Louisville . and OwensboroV they were Annual Conexplained the object of their mission,' said ington, the Twenty-sevent- h the number of yoiing ladies enrolled in the vention of the NationaP American Woman given receptions, which were largly at- Improvement Associations' thirteen thous- - Suffrage Association v will be held in Atlanta, tended. - -- -a- " . " WovJa ; J a . 1 - - - : " j 111 - . . i . ' - ' ' ' . j - v ve twenty-sixTStatesyha- V 7 : m - 1 1- ' - e' -- , Pennsylvan'ia'-Lillie-Devereaux'BIak- eof .' ' : . . . . .;'.:.'. ' , - - , . . . ' . . -- - -- RoltiealledT-TninTiteVTead' lf 1 1 . 'J T . . - -- . JodrILo no--:faul- li i ina t: - 1 -- ' ' : -- . - ' , ; : . . . - r v; " -- v V ' " ' :7 