WOMAN'S " KXPONE d t. thoughts uk i!o.;r: cUohauf ways of j their work represented in its; Triennial, ..a persuasive, vdice, and a true woman AVLUiaveN no weicnt Witlr f Washington, The beaiUeou1) sky tif unicou's hu, timeSilbtotlieVs are mean. March 2nd. ' them,. Yet, - Now se- mis to meet the. waters blue, ' cross, ano-s- t iemingl7i.ait6gethri;3vortliiessj-; As this prgahizatk) And gallant ship and light canoe ' the rxiwer oT mothers or anc is' '.liotvm Are passing far beyond my view ' " "J?;- even';y1 such RHtiiytfi. tlietn. And to rejcliiim er's; But sweetest thought of .all the rast, if pnes, sometimes, , get ; tidet';'. ;:owonleji tbl jv;now; nittiiii of We'JJ meet againuut in the west; to hearts break. f Hcitly".'" i;;teist6jyo:UieA'n Afar from ocean's ro.tr and brin rCc- t it seems harticurarlv.writer of the Ah in'ttr annrohf 'ViPrhapsVthe . . '. Tl from r women-sli&khave tjLeic work foprciuued; quoted" tv'as Round which my heartirfngs fondly twine, bei n'g. .a ffl icte'd-wjyin the .C6uncilysme. the ' Soeiety i.tsclf had rnid mine, That is brother iprj&$wdJ I 'pity the woman; its origin Jfcpimrght, atid work ; ' Oh may we safely meet, .wh'ajwrtfshis was, 3vhose" experience could men.JtA is aju outgrqwth 'from 'Uie Vo-'- . 'e ; led her to tthe expression of siich a inenfs Branch of the Society Andlj5w the'jovs of home so. sweet. the. re. ; bitter vention.of feeling. is'a fa ir .Sr'n after-' lamlrrjJLth-A piece of advice, frequently offered by the thef fonnatn of the latteT 'rgaiiization' Where dw ells a true auraMTiarid, - ;' its members i teres ted tneinseivcs very etaeny women to young- ones, .is, ne v Led. by our I ' ' And.V'XnM. is. who not kind and thought much in the e tort to put a stop to cruel exmarry gt'man fHsTruth so understand," the ful Welfare of his of and mother perimentation upon, animals, And. once" i'i comfort all earthly ties, "- -Hiyauld forsake .tin is sister. This and to twrcesome o)f them went to. Ilarrisli'ur counsel excellent 'eternal lives. J' yhat they' might s t ri c frjtfTV i v iL- c t i 6 n . whjch seikible girls inostly give heed. Yetv witn a: mil icn j even men Tyho have" seemed bu mevyhat they tded, unsuccessniy,:to sekl and "the inconsiderate an careless f rights by.th 'SOMETIME lcreascd action, bv thx amuiated feelings, of mothers and sisters, tire some , T) .... times won over to" .better ..things, by:-, The mentsVof M R. SMITH fed it a Sometime when all life's lessons 'hav-- been prudent cheerful words aHdsjwaysjof tliat no Anti-Viwives. A man should also be learned" , ' 'existed 'in" our" careful in selecting a wife,1 utTt to get one And surj and, stars forever more hav'e set, Suntr ew of the.most ardent trmon---the Womenls: Branch, met The things. which our w. ak judgments here have who is ungrateful, or regardless together and with or happiness the aid o some outside,, effected . such an discbmfortoggj spurned, , orotners. Thethi g$" o'er which we irrfeved wkftldshes This was about ten years OTganiion ' ' wer, ago.'. The infant Society had. great na sisters who are unreasonable aud opposition to work against, for their in demands at and K first, its tjroress wns vrrv ,lmv trayagant .'have most .tenfionVhe we will, likely; acquired but xjf late years a marked change is Visible "right, ::rvnd the habit refusals, and of look- - 1 and there is eyeryTeasori to, think that the lng to be found fault .. with forgoing so. It suDject is beginning to agitate-th- e is as unfair for sisters and wiyeatp want to' munity to a nopeiui extent. Ano we shall see how, whilve frown and sigh; be all and time to the indulged' petted keep God's plans go on as..bestor you and mey them in good hum6r4 as' it is br brothers - How, w hen we ealhrdHe heeded notour cry; and husbands to be uligracious and arbitrary' Because His wisdorp to the end could see; ' Cowards" those who ctepend,$o much upo The sisterspfrf he; Society met'at the And e'en as prudent parents disallow . , tnem. ' hom of Sister Theresa Coombs, for the Too much of sweet tjcrying babyhood, Brothersnd sisters, who are early' taught suprise party to celebrate the So God, perhaps, is keeping JrQm us now and tole thjiy-sixtcheerfully.nd lovingly helpful, birthday of Sister "Theresa I Lifes sweetest(thingsn!vcaue it seemeth good considerate towards each oCher, will find in Coombs on the 28th day of Jan. 1S95. And yoi snail shortfy know1' ,tiat lengthened life, great stores of pleasure and happine Sister Coombs was not at home at the. time J- A J " which those vwliQ" are breath, nd when she returned tn t mp lirmcF tl : Is not the, sweetest gift God .sends Hisjfriend, never know. bund the tables spread witKthe.nl . r And thatqrrietrm'esjhe sjblepallj3f-death- -riff tr Young ".people must hayefoung assoct-and comforts'of life and " Conceals the fairesbppli jlis love can sendjy iii order to ates, glearfmn youthful days room quite ahumbe4f1erids gathered to If we could push ajar the crffesf life, andall and sw;eetness witness Ufichness" years: ? and.o'the.rs followed. re7 And stand within, anoH-f?od'- s to calculated contain. which thev Vr workings' see, The siTfffseT was a success; the turn out Vhere hzewers mid sisters are all to each T WVcould interpret all this doubt. and strife,, unanimous their wTas about fifty Amf for each mystery find there a key and . shoul be, otheihat tliey may soiils present; Bishop W. E". Hanks and ere can be no proper estimateiafM upon some others from a distance. There was Cyt not today. Then becontent poor heart, - ' ' ; ivesvith . " ininth - - -- - thnt'-thtst- - ? I , . - L. i l the!rYne j-- tlrai 'to' Cmeftyimals. ; " vrfie ' -- aul-:chose- ; . . . . ' - - r-- -'- .;V'' J . ' . 'ijffr? - - - - : lijiKpa' r - T -- fiSJce'inerfca af-fectioii- e vi ( lojp-Sticiet- -- ofi - . . ) ) ! -- , shaleractiTre tff-inak- ing J . . : ' - . Su4 purpojfa h ' . " . , 'otsujdbryiir .. : . , -- 11 t5nse 7 . ; . God's plans, like lilies, pure and whiterxntfaid- ... 'nr. w e musi not.'.tear.'.1me tne close 5tiut'.leavf!i apart ' -- . 1 Time wifl TeyeaHhentyxesbTTgoh And reach jhejAudthrough patient toib WhreTe tifed feet with sandals loosed, may.jetr Where, we shall clearly know and I think that wehail say. Goc if(; - SEtECTEf). OTHERS AND SISTERS. "There's no belie! in man, Not even 'in a'brpther; So girls, if you must love, Lover one another." T" . all-that' good-nature- d, pure-minde- rvvi J'. .i'.flS' dinner of sontrs. recitations and speeches which were su'tscessfullv carried out and a very enjoyable time ensued. The accompanying lines were composed by Sister Smith and Sister Lazenby and read by Maria Smith. We as a band of sisters, Tho' we live in scattered homes Wish to make a birthday party, For our president Theresa Coombs, We have gathered here this morning Come from near and far away . " 'To celebrate the anniversary Of her thirty-sixtbirthday, Now, we'll wish you many pleasures, Dreary scenes to drive .away, . Merrtimes, and many pleasant Happy returns of the day; And we'll ask our Heavenly Father, Guide her in the ways of truth, Shield and guard her when she's aged As He did her in her yoiith. h The above sentiment is said to have been found in a lady's scrap book at a hotel. I do not like it. It is too deprecatory of one of the ablest and most devoted supports we ever find a brother. If brothers are not they should be, the . influence of d sisters will do much to aid in their reform. ; Few boys, or men, are naturally so very bad that the, gentle, -- ' world beside. I thank God that I was reared in a large family of tender, devoted, appreciative brothers and sisters. L. L. Greene Richards. K' . the true value of the loyjewnich exists be tween . the m . It Rypure' and tocrexal ted , to admit otfSOSuKxmii ;. ' t brothers and sisters happei coiiBde to each other matters which they cannot explain even to their parents. They are about the same age; their sentiments, their 'desires, their aims and anticipations are all the same, and for the time being they are more to each other than all the sweet-tempere- d, -A- NTI-VIVESECTION. - One of the latest acquisitions to the membership of the National Council of Women is the women of The American Anti Vivisection Society, who, through a Committee of women, of which Mrs. Caroline Earle White is Chalrfnanriiave entered the National Council and will have . Maria Smith, " Sarah An Lazenb- v- S :. I U: I ' 