A. t .'C n rtvn:g.;ivvut.uva. r.iT,kr;mt"eTvtHg m tae AfteruleuibU th, "use 4 low tTiiuyi I really I 1 e. - hvsnl men the Mansion Wee re trie were brought wA .visited'- bv so mauv sor rowing Saints:' read in: the life ot P. r. Pratt pa ire feelings, but the grand, sight for dwellings on the river's edge, were my admiration; re-ma- what grand ideas of the beautiful our visiting 'Prophet must' have possessed;-'-othe mansion I really discovered many changes by what had been told me; on inquiry I found I was not . mistaken, part has been torn down, theXauvoo house has been built up some what; ' but of course . never: completed, we found many kind friends Who- - were more than willing, to show and explain things to us; after, wandering about from place to place, we, then repaired- to the Catholic Church, a very creditable edifice, with a spire 150 feet high which we ascended, .having obtained permission from the Priest, a very genial gentleman, whom Mr. Stevenson had met on a previous visit. - The view from the spire is simply grand, the church is built onthe corner across the street south of the block where on the Temple stood; the Priest occupies Apostle P. P. Pratt's house, which seems in very good condition; of the Temple there is not one stone left upon another, there are stores built upon the block, also vacant, places sown in grass, there is one large store built of the beautiful rock, the rest, i was informed on inquiring, was carried away piece by piece until it all disappeared. I inquired the population and was informed it numbered 1,300; imagine my surprise though I knew by appearances it was not numerous, what I said "from 25 to 30,000 dwindled to 1,300, how do you account for this?" "Well, "the answer came, "people cannot make a living, no uostreet cars, no enterprise," but plenty of vineyard and wine, making, surely the bless ing of the Lord has not restednpon this- cuy since the expulsion of the Saints. Being fatigued beyond satisfaction we repaired to the Hotel, "The Oriental," com fortable quarters, with a most kind, genial landlady. Thursday morning 18th, after a most .comfortable night's,- - rest, feeling quite refreshed, we prepared to take leave, having obtained a nice piece of the Temple . - : " " - rail-roa- TriendnlliostsTand" with a kindly parting we then take a short ride through the city, go to the upper landing, take passage on the steamer, Ottuni-wa- y Bell, had a very pleasant passage to Keokuk arriving 'before rioon; after dinner we took in as much of the city as possible; next morningwe again took steamer Ve again took in aU wq for Quiney, llls conld of thatCity, having visited the Soldier's Hoine which certainly is a wonderful establishment;, we. were escorted through, 'then taken to the Club House where they prepare ten bushejsjjf potatoes atbnce, we si w them already peeled, every. thing else m proportion; aiViminensMae irai uncu, wc lukcnextuic evening ir-- ror Chicago, arriving morning; vSaturday we took in sights in that grand 21st, again all day, retiring to pur apartments at city, night, next morning, Sunday 22nd, taking leave 6 a. m. we proceed on to Elgin, ar- - . . David Bishop 1 bv- permission, he escorted us ta his tlower beds which he assets in cultivating, spoke very' intelligently on the subject, wishing to kuow if we should like some llowefsof his cultivating, which; we Very readily ac- cepted and prized them very highly, having brought them home; we had really a very interesting time with him which I prize beyond expression, having known him during his sojourn in our city, I have always entertained a very kindly feeling; for him, he is so refined in his mariners and his. language is faultless,a perfect gentleman .in all his ways7 liiay the Lord have mercy on him and preserve him from all evil, we took a very kindly leave of him. Being unable toreturn until late in the evening we attended a Salvation Army meeting, . had' an excellent time, then by invitation took supper with a very spiritual minded family; had a most interesting time and as usual tried to" ;ow all the good seed we could; after an affectionate leav taking and many wishes that we should stay over night we returned to our apartment quite late; next day, 23rd, we again took in what we could of that, great city among the rest, having visited the Masonic Temple that wonderful- structure, 2 stories high, the view from the top is something wonderful, taking in the beautiful Lake Michigatfand the country around for mile's, we touk the evening train for home, sweet home, arriving Thursday .evening 7 p. m., nothing happening, with the exception ot a six hours delay, a few miles east of Thom son Springs caused by a breaking in the ") cinder pan of the locomotive, feeling truly thankful for a safe arrival and finding all ,j well at home. -- Provo, Second Vice President; Mrs. J,uey A. Clark, Davis, Third ice President Mary A. White, of Heaver, Fourth Yicv President. Mrs. Margaret Caiue, "Recording Secretary; Mrs. Augusta Grant, Corresponding Secretary; Mrs. Klla W. Hyde, Treasurer. Phiebe Y." Beattie, Chainuaii" of the Kxecntive Committee.. Ruth M. Fox, Price, Mary P. Silver, Klizabeth McCune, 'Elizabeth McParlane,' all of Salt Lake. Kate'HiUiard;Wtbert" Sarah A. Boyer, Spring ville, Utah; Alvira - -- al adjourned. M. Sec. Littlk, A imrrnffnfgeadocate and leader-i- France' n who died recently. The Racine, Wis, Tunes, has moved - the death of the business manager. Mr.Willis, the name of Olympia Brown Villis ... Rev.-Olympi- present undertaking. , Mrs. Charlton Edholm ' on spoke "Traffic in Girls, and Floreuce Crittenden Missions," at the National Purity Congress . in Baltimore Md. Oct. 14th. r i - pearalheJiead-of-th- e PnbrishingoT Mrs. Willis, known to our readers as Brown, is a' speaker of such ability it is that a pity that she should be of necessity tied down to business cares, although she is' making a success' of her -- i motion, by Dr. E. B. to . . . . rr uiaiuciiiu suuiage as a siaie Association was in- to a new building of its own and made great improvements 'in- its outfit. Since e ensuing year,.were --nominated to be prev sented to the general conventW convenine-- ' at 2. p. m.- Adiournment." The Annual Convention of the Territorial W. o. xv. was neia uct. 7. isos at 1 n m. in the Fourteenth Ward Hall. Mrs. Em- - Paris-.- . I iiE citizens of have named a street after Maria Deraismes tlieable-w- o STTtt,rtih,rt1 Fereuson -' Neujk S. ritorial W. S. A. was held Oct 7th, 1895, 10 a.. ui..Jn the Fourteenth Ward Hall. Mrs. Phcebe Y. Beattie presidijig, pray er by Mrs. Mary Ann Hyde of Sanpete Co. The secretary read the call, the minutes of the last Annual Executive session and letHt ters from Miss Su.sanB Anthony- treasurer read her report naming the amount of fees received from the counties, arid the amount disbursed.. The reports of the secretary and treasurer were accepted. Mrs. .Wells stated that as suffrage was virtually ootamea in utaii, sne wished to hear the sentiment of the members in respect to the continuation of . suffrage associations. Several ladies responded. All favored the existence clubs in the future Ihqy thought it thedyty of all to work for lhe Vina Tingy, "- . An executive meeting of the Utah Ter- suffrage CoxtMauti,-Sani)ete-Co- . - of-suffrag- Singing Morgau, Morgan Co; Maria Miller Johnson, Circleville, Piute Co. Eiigeiiie Pierce, Box Elder, Members, of the Executive Committee. The President called fot reports from the County Organizations, which were thusj represented, - M rs.- M . A. White "reported Beaver Co. Organization; Mrs. Paulina Lyman, Iron Co; Mrs. Lucy A. Clark, Davis; Mrs.' Ruth M. Fox, Salt Lak; Mrs. . Hannah Lapish, American Fork of Utah Co.; Mrs.. Helena Madsen, 'Mantr of Sanpete Co. Mrs. S. M. Kimball, Honorary President, offered this resolution to the Constitutional Convention, "I wish to move that we in convention- assembled. express our grateful appreciation of the generous and earnest efforts of the noble men constituting the majority of the Constitutional Convention, and we pledge our best efforts to help uplift the standard of City. 17 convention County arid State polities'. -- UTAH AV. S. 7 hv , Juab; Elizabeth Wright, Cache; Joanna Patten, Provo, Utah Co. Esther Francis, . E.J. .Prayer-'- . Aiius Kirihi tep .res L. - ; .Daughters " of Iron C. . -- uu-usti- j ifesit ling." - S "' , ;'Nov America.':"'' The elcc;tiurrolirri"";v ' Emirielirie Mrs ICVdl.-f--va3'ui'vlluYs. rviuos ed, we come it: his presence, alter the its.!i:il salutations a little embarrass-- , .i ?&?rV 1 rteasa ut: t M-rt--"- V c I U- - 'Columbiars hunth. tiuny rbviructiuus beiiu; subject, d, - -roc- k-fjom-our-kind I Lu clti uEZll vc ptix c!cil titcv out , th0Usand tht r,f Mrs. Edholm t.Lj-.i-,i,;,- v in the country, over haIf had been stmSred and. boUght soI(1 intn1,MV 1;.. r ouamc. . ."Their average life is five years. Forty- six thousand are carted out to the Potters' Field every yean Over a hundred American homes have to be desolated everv dav to recruit the ranks - of shame. Twenty luunon L.nnstians can rescue 230,000 erring girls, or surely the religion of trie Lord -- --- . 1 Jesus is a failure." J . , a 