W UM . . j . . - . , . . - ' - A I v. Uj I have never mctW I i ife I- - ; 1 ' ;:;Wff)t? 1 r Have traveled w '.or reverence 'resect than Iul'id then didiiof know enough to Vet'our bill niore Since rrtyi;ij; Junne In ve taken up the tn hmsc "i uiicn a was u x n i lie uirone. i never in thread of life aneu;v and ain coiitinuing'tbe and rider went do wii together Whenn; ' ;. anything more cordial or TOrqljgjitfT than , work of .compiling the Stevens Genealagv,. good ;fr.U0jJ next legislature mt we had 9 r . .r. r , All i' Uc 'w vniieu iiu .c4KvHr ?vY- jJHrl: t ? were &re&re. billiics?Sfl r$ to ive suffrage tor;oBa,' "and' it- - was that 'more man who IiaafTeiprf o win siitfrage,4br rr1 Dr. K l v i r a St eve nsBarn .Ih'au anything else that made us feci the themr and AyluTcliose' to 'cast her lot "with " ey v sentiment was general - I think that was party who absolutely hadn't th 4 ""WrsoTiITlnIe--of a show. I,tV not believe in .wowhat gave us courage to go to the' National ghost Salt Lake City; Utah. Woman's Association and ask1 for help. In men seeking offices but I do believe, in edu cational offices in every, way, I that iSi)3 the women of Ij Uh held a silver meet love' education CONFERENCE N. A. W. S. A. of women the and are goir,; ing and we. followed.- with a silver meeting 'offices to fi show some in was" the rst of a few week s .after: That through OF THE NATION AT, M ERIC AN as as will that of the men. much We not did our suffrage campaigndesigjust WOMAN SUFFRAGE association; HEED In regard to the differences of sex, that ha?, nate it a .suffrage meeting, some women AND Y C AT SALT LAKE IT UTAH, MAY, 1.3, talked Silverand some talked suffrage. been so' ably touched upon that I need not ' ' . 14, 1895, .Miss Shaw said that she. did not know what refer to it except that being in politics. wiij make you more prominent than you eve; she would vote, for. Now we arc" very unContinued.' certain , we may. be sorry which ever, way j were before, because every woman who has Miss Anthony, upon introducing Mrs. we Vote but we "do know that we will .a child knows absolutely that she must take . Stansbury said: vote for silver just as early, and just as fast an lnteresrin the state and I ain:so glail "We have with us. a representative of as the law will allow us. You have heard as Miss Shaw says "that you are coming in. a great deal about the silent influence of as a state .1 know you are, and I belieye your neighboring' State that is a little in iti'e.rifran-of this last action of Utah ' women. Now in our state we have come every hoix: will be confirmed, and I know a is representative chising women and that to the conclusion that "the silent influence the'faith and the hope of the at women voted from Colorado where . the is to talk and talk to a man until he will and the faith and hope of the Colorado worememas and the last election-o'94 you give you anything on earth to make you men for their sisters whenthis' great aiu- lof seven -enfranchised were ber shut up. I really believe our men hnve glorious Territory becomes a State; and let Jyavote thousand majority at the election of '93, concluded that they would rather let us go me thank God for the recognition of equal to I to want and Mrs. Stansbury, say you and vote as we pleased, than to talk and suffrage here in Utah, and 'it will yet prethat she is no small part of the Editorial labor and ask them, to do this and tlfat and vail fiom clime to clime,, from shore o staff of the Rocky Mountain News, and if the other thing', because they are all willing shore ami from Canada to Mexico, wherwill behave probably to please, the ladies. yourselves you ever the flag of the United States waves it jou see "yourselves reflected in the columns of I did not expect to .speak at all here this will be dear to our hearts for it is also a that paper, (applause.) .v. morning; if I had, I would have put on Suffrage flag. (Applause.) some bigger sleeves. You understand that-Mr- . REMARKS lit' AIRS. L. M. STANSBURY.' Worth invented this style himself as he REMARKS BY MRS, C. E. ALLEN, PRESIDENT OE UTAH FEDERATION OF CLUBS. Miss President. Ladies and Gentlemen: thought that large sleeves would be necesI am very glad that Aunt Susan has told sary to accommodate the muscles. Ladies aitd Gentlemen I am very glad Not having expected to speak to you at to be asked to assist in extending the welyou that it is my business to write rather than to talk. I am afraid in our "state, we all I will make way for "some one who is. come of U.tahto.fiur: guests 3Iiknthon would think it w?is cruel to ask me to speak better capable of doing so. (Applause.) and Miss Shaw. It is most fitting tliat at Miss was one of the this time the women of Utah should confer after the speakers that you have listened to Anthony This for candidates State Superintendent. with these distinguished leaders in all that here this morning, and yet it seems that we political from Colorado ought to thank you .for the She did not get quite votes euough.to elqct tends to the elevation of women. This is a was but her You us. nevertheless one of has have tfrtV Kime when very many women here in Utah slie, given help that Utah, heard a great deal about what we have to nominees 01 the democratic party, Mrs. C. are jiesitatmg about what is best to be done. There are many women who are influenced go through in politics, you have heard C. Bradford of Colorado. how utterly disreputable it is to go to the by the old conservative feelingwJiiclLib-- REMARKS BY MRS. C. C. BRADFORD, -I conventions. "and caucuses, primaries,' iongrlilfieiTilluenced me, ,,tiiat political lite -M iss President, , Ladies lhink"Tfom my experience that we have had was not Ijest for women. It is but a a great deal more disreputable time insecur-- " Just fancy comihg"as a representative of a since I became associated with this where state to ballot women the State than the a, Territorv. in in it, vote, ing movement but for a long time I recognized using of Colorado. In the State of Colorado the where women don't yet quite vote and be this great truth. In this little ' my respect struggle has been going on ever since presented; as a defeated candidate. It is daughter far excels me. When she was General McCook suggested it. In the first perfectly dreadful. Nevertheless I was the eight years old we were walking up Maiii first woman ever nominated for a state of street and she said to legislature I believe in 1S76 when the Conme, "Mother, I don't stitutional Convention was held there, there ficer in Colorado, and though I was beaten can't take some parTTrTto get it puTi to" they cannot, take thai honor Irom me. e ry-- h a rd s truggle and this opinion she has politics," It seems to me that it is almost like call-- , to Our Constitution, but our men .were not so to this time. I finally became con- up well posted in regard to suffrage as they are ing for a rush light when the full blaze of vinced that moral reform was impossible the sun .has been permitted to enter a room until the ballot was todaT. In 18S2 there was a bill introduced granted to women. which met an untimely death as bills are to ask me to talk after Miss Anthony and I used to feel that it would interfere with Miss Shaw have thrilled you as they have home wont to do. There was a suffrage associalife, but I now see that" the. safety of tion formed for the purpose of raising dope this morning, it is unkind to you, butv the home depends upon woman suffrage- - I money to help to carry their campaign. I it is a very great kindness to me because read somewhere man okilaw book that the think there were only 8 charter members, Miss Anthony, Miss Shaw and the women all Roman laws was the preservaours has about 1S0;' we kept on working by who have worked so long for Suffrage have firsts tion, of the home. What a revolution ourselves, I do not think there wTere more helped to put me on the throne and I am work in than 20 or 30 of us in regular attendance here; (applause) and I am supremely beautiful idea our American politics. if this, could be carried into effect until the first legislature convened. After thankful to them for putting me there. I from the mother's standpointr The life of that, my. friends, we introduced a bill, we like it a great deal better just as Miss Shaw our very nation is threatened by the evil inwere all very young and very green, we said than when I was behind the throne.'. did hot know anything about a bill. They Another thing, so many people .sm' to fluences which threaten, our - homes, and who shall speaFconcerning the young men told-u- sa constituttonat amendment was w iu uecome so, if not the .. I believe if this necessary but it took the lawyers forty-fiv- e ana11ao so many terrible idea is carried into our politics it will make years to find that out. ,We found a young things when they get into politics. I have ot A'onian the power she should be. I man who had a constitutional amendment been in polities up to my eyes, and to honor the women who are up laboring for the which; provided that no foreigner should my head, and I stumped the state of Colcause and all who are in sympathy with-vote ondiis first papers; He said he was orado twice, once as an of a politiorganizer them and T&elieVe their noble deeds will be willing to stride out the word finale" cal party, and once as a candidate who did recorded 011 of history,- that the , i - I'. tdectel,and So in spiieof.alUhelr 'ridicule :'? : the thousand miles 5he weutvit;rnerwhivh cu;.soc:etv ' lather's amity on one iiiission to the- Society all women. " : AN WT , , ' . ' - ; the-statf- - - I . : . ' ' ad-van- ce - ' Utah-Wome- n ' T. : J - ; j . ..: ' - andi-icntl&nen- fevv-ye- ars '. ' was-a-v- -- 11 . -- ; -- " -- . ' i- icHiuiy-iuascuii- - home-maker- s; ne the-page- s - 