' FX TO NK NT WOM AN'S v-th- -u ' ;hey are a generous ki 'contributing l true :jvd tuateriai; av:t.sn, unl as- - helpful, in xt1rr0?5 &l'v6j building up t'A-'H'U'i'- Ouitu of. tenure, vHte ''tnill- ' husbands provide Tor tke'househoM.'The 'society as a whole belu-vein.eual the since and ever has, LegislasuiTrage, ture of the Territory extended the to tlie women mi" Utah in February.1 3;o, taught and inculculated the principle ' of equal political' fights. .'Woman's Exfonen r, i semi- in June 1S72, monthly paper established ' has been a powerful factor in aiding the society in all its departments, publishing regular reports, j! nd keeping its affairs. be-- ; "fore the'general public;, it is also:very-hclp-fin "historical matters of the society, .and of woman's work in general in' Utah, and elsewhere. The present officers, of the society are Mrs. Zina'I). II." Young President, Mrs. Mrs. Jane S., Richard First Bathsheba W. Smith, Second Mrs. Sarah M. Kimball, Third Mrs.Emmeline B. Wells, Sec- Tetar" and Mrs. M: - Isabella Home, There are thirty five stakes Treasurer. regularly organized in this western country, besides those in foreign lands, and 011 the islands of the sea, each with the "same officers" as the Central Board and tuese stakes ' with separate branches in various localities ' in different parts of the United States and the world, include between five and six- hundred branches willi a total membership of about thirty thousand women. The value of property as a wlule cannot be calculated easily, as values change so. much J in real estate, buildings, rents! and interest or profit on dividends; and grain is never reported in any other way except in bushels. But there is sufficient given in this sketch to show what the society really is, and what it stands for in the way 'of temporal pros- perity, material progress, and advancement means mental, social hf everything-whicand spiritual upliftingand mutual helpful-'-- : . Vice-Presiden- t, Vice-Presiden- t, Yiee-Psesiden- t; -- . j j ; .. : j j j Tit'ss foclwnme a- - Kmmhijxk B. Wells, Woman's Relief Secretary National . Society. CONFERENCE N. A. W. S. A. CONFERENCE OF THE NATIONAL AMERICAN ASSOCIATION; HELD -- WOMAf-errKAGlv AT SALT LAKE CITY, 1'TAII, MAY, "13, AND -- 14. I?95- - Continued.' Mrs. Wells: 'The next speaker will be Mrs. S. M. Kimball, Honarary XV ice President of the Woman Suffrage Association of Utah and the pioneer woman of Woman Suffrage in Utah. I am yery proud, as Miss Anthony: President of' the National Association tb. introduce to you the Honorable Vice President which we at ouclast sessiou appointed for Utah Honarary Vice President of the National Association. Mi's." Kimball: 7 Jfiss President. Ladies and (ie?itleme?r.Vc - ATG: expected to welcome. Miss Anthony; in the midst of all this confusion and after what has been said, what can I say? Excuse me but I will say I am proud of the honor that has been upon me on this occasion, and on behalf of the Suffragists of the Territory of . -- . , con-fere- d i j X''h&Xy Cady-Stanto- 1 -- reached out after the little paper f was struck with it, It was very peculiar and- said- verv man v strange things,' but I ..1 .1 .t iearueaII-irom inacmue raiTerine uieory ana object tliey had in view .was to create thought, their idea was if you can get'the peopje to talk upon this subject, if you can get them to agitate the subject, agitation produces reform. Now this is going to be a reformation and we are going to do all we can to produce this reformation and we are going to-- ' laborjn our own'wav." Now 52 years ago I wculd not have dared to say the Ijold, grand things' that" Miss Anthony 'said it would have made- me so unpopular and I hardly dared to shoulder it; but the seed was planted within my soul and I have been tailoring for the same cause I felt that it was uplifting, that it was necessary for the nation, and as time rolled on we were very I heard Miss Anthony say in careful. those days "I did not dare to speak" without a paper in my hand" and Mrs. Stanton did a great deal of writing but she soon got so she could talk very well and she traveled in her own way and talked in her own way. People criticized her and told many ridiculous tmnirs bout her and in many ways she was abused and insulted. Mv. sympathy uent out for Miss Anthony and my sympathies have been with her work ever since I have known her, and in my heart I have blessed her many and many if. time and the result of her lalors we"afeTeaping more today than we. realize'.- I never could have done the work that I have done in' this Territory haddt not been for the work Miss Anthony did before me. Many could applause. do we work have the not done today, if I had not pioneered the way. (Applause) I have had the honor to be addressed by strangers as Miss Anthony I had that, honor this morning on the stage by a lady from Colorado, I think, but Miss Anthony isu much better looking woman than 1 am but thatls'all right. I must say again Miss Anthony, I am glad to see you and our Territory will be proud of your visit, and we expect that you will do us good and we hope that you will go fronr us with I pleasant remembrances-- of this visit. want to say a little more about Miss Anthony. They used to throw eggs at her and they used to say the most ridiculous things about her, and they used to hiss her. When she went to St. Eouis a1 great many years ago to deliver a lecture, some one was kind enough to pass a basket of flowers to the stage and she looked at them with amazement and steped back and said: .."I ".don't know, how .to receive tliisx Now if you had thrown rocks at me I. would ha veil had a deiense, I would have hac' something to say right away." On the 'anniversary of Miss Anthony's seventieth birthday it was my privilege to be in Washington and I attended the grand banquet, at which Miss Anthony received a h Vice-preside- ' , . - -"- Viee-presidentbf )Uorary; the Association; (Applause.) ;' ". KKMAKKS 15 V MRS. ZIN'A.I). YOUNG. (rovernor of Utah , Ladies and G.entletuoi You have heard this morning that which ought to make our hearts glad, that which should make us thankful to our Heavenly Father that we live 'in this stage of the . - , ttenii: ' National American Suffrage ; " " nt s.A auu 1 . " , very-muc- - ' ''"" criticized where his seat was at the table.thev said, "Napoleon, you should hav,e been svt He said, "That at the head of the table: I is all right, am Napoleon and wherever is the head of the table,'" there Napoleon is (applause) and'wh'uevcr Miss Anthony is there is the head of the Woman Suffrage Movement. (Applause.) Mrs Wells. Ladies and Gentlemen- This is Mrs.Zina D. II. Young, President of the Nationol. Relief Society and also Hon of the Suffrage Asciaarary ' fran-'chis- e ul ' fifties I lead an article, ridiculing a pa per that "was published in the. City of New York called the ki devolution'! in n which I saw the names of Elizabeth and "Miss Susan B. Anthony. I looked at the little article of ridicule and I said "There is something I see in that which strikes me audi want it," and I ' ' - Y'V;'' .arley 'little-.- - s - " revere -- d . dfsli ng ft is) ied.- - horn f s t hat I evrt ami she lias now saw extended to lived until she. hav aimed at that jK,sition ltt most vltH'it lettntrc a 5tnttTtnd in Kdulf f theirieudsot mi Ifrage through to Miss Anthony aut tiie Territory-- I exk-n- world that our womanhood is appreciated and I thank God ."that I am a woman, and I am"' thankful that we have the privilege of nd independence in . "seeking, to raise our girls to be men and women, that will' ' appreciate the dignity of the times we live in. In the early days to lay the foundation of this- State many of the pioneers laid down their lives and all of us laid s on the altar when we started for Utah. We now see the result of the Applause. work that has been done and as the fast lady speaker has observed, we will be glad to see on every flag of the Union that Wo- nunureu anu yoy$-j-a- . - our-selve- I ! I i - T fr""1?. 1 ueiosiuxm. ia.L i,v there any nation on the earth that is raised to dignity and honor vithout the noble mothers who pray for them, who think for' them, whose milk flows to sustain life, and, how great is the calling, how great is the power of: a righteous mother. Do we not 11 ft lllothr of "' Washing fton Prai and there are many others that can be mentioned whose names are to be revered, and the 'mothers who are here will be held in reverence and esteem as the mothers of the coming generations o the world. (Applause.) Miss Anthony--'.- '! .aiii very glad to present to you Mrs .'.William Ferry, who twenty one years igo liv ed ui Grand Haven, Michigan, at the time of the Suffrage Campaign in the state of Michigan in 1874 at the close of which 40,000 of the best men of the state went to the ballot-boand voted for us, but unfortunately for us a majority i oted no. Mr.- Ferry himself was the chairman of the Executive Committee of the Campaign of the state at that time and Mrs. Ferry took a great interest in our cause. Mr. Ferry helped td carry on the campaign throughout the state, so Mrs. Ferry stands" here as the representative, of a state in which this question was defeated at the ballot-box- , and J rejoice with her that she and her. husband can to day" be residents of a state in which the great question is triumphant. I have the honor to introduce to you Mrs. William Ferry formerly of Michigan, now of this to-da- y -- great-Woma- x - - . Territory. (Applause.) REMARKS ' ; . BY MRS. WILLIAM FERRY OF PARK CITY. Ladies and Gentlemen'. I. am here to- - 