time to luiie. 9? -- M.rtWx.: m .from in if W nu.:.)M oi a separate Af ii the-Senat- amendim-n- Uoman Mintage, 4butr iKkt e ;., of t.t-t:.-: i- sider if : - w,, I ornln Unit - - scnooi trustees: Detroit, Ann.i rbof. Grand Port JIuroir, Flint, Saginaw, Bay ..... Y Battle Creek; Kalamazoo. , , "question J Uty, Albion, n tle Creek one ,W""-"Vwoman was r. . M"ciiosen preside nt. ..another the ire-- ; secretary and- - in Jackson a ,'oman was 1C hlKK V-- ,Z ' to .h rirr women tor " U, ) ' ! they aim lo nave misiness to ' beubsent , ;; the vote is taken. : ' 1m : i' Mi - tv nin re pleaded U,"na;mailt., tell us private, to the rfch friend. v.. -- in Uvot- - i".vii t kl)vlio,nKu1vvule(l. vv in i vot, ' " ;V ' nK.- -- . 4 ;, i TTt v' T,r. Ktpuwican par- - made treasurer of the board. . ,'.tof ;.r,i .:. party and the Pmnilictinnvlncli.iue women nave been making departy, .put a Woman Suffrage plank in Mrs 0 rm 1 ston C na n received a - visit mands on the floor of the different legislatheir platforms, and my good friends the at her home in London this summer from tures of their' states fo subniittiii the Jesuit was that every meeting throughout pev. S. J. BarrOA's, who has proposition,' ten different "states fronj tiuie to that campaign of the Woman Suffrage in the Christian Register just published a'delightful ume have submitted that proposition. question was discussed," and when election from drawn his own picture home, Kansas was the first. In 1867 at the close day came and when the. vote -- was taken observation. Mrs. Chant has been sur: uf the best campaign that was made in llie 7,000V more. 5f the Colorado men voted in feited with newspaper praises, but she took state 9,070 men voted "yes"-- and 18.600" lavor of woman's enfranchisement great pleasure in Mr. Barrows' letter, "no." IlliS74- Michigan submitted. against it. For the first time in the than his"because," she said, "it does justice to my the question, and after we had sent all the tory of the world a majority of the cla'-- s husband." It has been a regret to Mrs. 'speakers we could to help Michigan mak holding absolute power over another class Chant that the papers, while loading her a great educational campaign 40,060 of the wenUo the ballot box and voted to with "yes" compliments, have known and 'said so. best men in- .the state voted and share that power equally with the less little about the man who has been herxou-stan- t '"yes" We have made a hard fortunate class of Colorado which turned $0,000 voted "no. " and" inspiration in.' all her the tide for this question to be carried to the form support fight and kept up a perjetual agitation on r work. Ex, this question for .a quarter of a Ballot box. Wyoming set the example for"! century, such as the world has - never witnessed on me legislature to extend suurage to the Activj; efforts and a lartre exoenditure women and Utah. followed the any Mher question by any other people; of of money, including a fund raised by the example, done work, enough,, held conven.'we Wyoming: so those two states have the Uqiior Dealer's Association of the State-circ- ulars addressed personally to the leadtions enough,, made appeals enough, cir- - credit and will have it through all time for ciliated pamphlets, and newspapers enough being the first legislatures of the Union to ing political workers of both parties in to have converted the whole world and car-extend full suffrage to their wpmen, and every town and city, posters, flyers, and tfie vigorous use of party machinery such ried everything which we have . demanded, j. then Colorado stands as the first state in except for the fact that we who made the the Union to give suffrage to women .. by were the means employed- by the opponents While they no doubt fight had 110 political power we had 'no what we term the populat vote; and. now of woman suffrage. increased -the adverse majority, they have ' kjj. cumi u or a you are the second state in the Union which iuujw. law smgie pj.i ;singlv office holder. If we had the power "shall have submitted to its people its cousti-- j brought the subject to public attention as tution with equal suffrage imbedded in that never before, and have given the suffragists behind us, had we the privilege to vote in the names of friends and in this nation we would not ask in vain. (Apiunaameiual law. As WyApplause). oming with full suffrage imbedded in its four localities where they had one before. plause.) In. 1S70 when Colorado needed The agitation will henceforth be vastly our services we buckled on our.harness,and constitution adopted that constitution, with broadened and extended ; for wlnclf "we this justice to women, just so Utah's fundawent out there before railroads were built, and I traveled., over the magnificent mental law is giving to her voters, the men heartily thank our opponents. Woman suffrage has made more converts in Masmountains and magnificent valleys a great of the State of Utah, the privilege of extendsachusetts deal of the way on a during the past month than in hundreds ing this great principle of justice to the Woman's of miles, and we had performed our best women of her territory: and just as sure as any previous year. the men and women of the State of Wyo- Journal. work and the question came to the ballot box 6,666. voted "yes" and 12,000 voted ming voted for the ratification of thatron-- - "Pkkhais it is not too much to assert that "no." You see hoyvigeiieTallietrciitiDir titutiunntlistTce imbedded in it, fuSt so the -majority of women have very i?rnuml7iT8S2 came Nebraska .with a surely will the majority of the men of Utah inadequate conceptions of the value and "exT" to the ballot box and vote for the ratifica"similar result; in iSS go in J.SS6 Oregon;. tent of time. The man of, business learns (Rhode Island;) in 1SS9 Washington; in tion of your constitution. Sofriends.the tide to understand just w hat five minutes will 190 South Dakota and then again we have is. turning in the direction of full enfrando and what it means. It may mark the the same result, .two to one chisement to women. In several of the limit of virtually. states women banking hours or the departure of the rightxof suffrage to an South Dakota was a new state; , the enjoy very a important' train. Promptnessis so great in first settlement was in certain Kansas extent: have s, they 4U4ntiaHtr-busiuess"Tifclein the and a lew 1SS2; 1S90 esiablished for women question was submitted; thejQliilvM- - jminiripnl suffrage wasted moments may mean so much of 4fe WalToTooo; out Of the 70,000 and then we have Colorado, Wyoming and gain or loss or wasted opportunity, that Utah with full - suffrage extended, for you men are forced to learn the value of votes cast7 40,000 were native .born, more time, 1130,000 were foreigners. L.will not are just as surely there as if you were there and less frequently than women d and the states of these old stop to tell you of all its uses. The woman .who, in fempreliminary ex. already, mountains are the first to jhe seises or details but we held a convention embody inine parlance, "accomplishes" much is the in constitution and are; going to woman- - who has learned to use and save and raised $5,000 and, paid the travelling justice. their expenses of the best speakers we had in all set the example, which is to be followed by her minutesT Many women who are really we country , Mid sent them up to South the other states by knocking that little industrious think nothing of squandering male out of the suffrage clauseof ten or fifteen minutes in an Dakota and carried on the unmeaning uncampaign for adjective months, the best we possibly could; but the Constitution. (Applause;) satisfactory . chat with an acquaintance, U'hen election then wonder at the close of the day what 'day Came 24,000. out of the 40,000 native bom voted "no" and the has become of the hours. A very few NOTKS AND NEWS. misspent hours destroy a day's usefulness. w , j best Almost as deplorable as the wasterofJime portion of them Russians voted "no." Two ladies were elected members of -ou cannot irrgossip is'the w'oman who never has time exect those who emigrate to parliament in the reign of'irdward III. V for a pleasant chat with her friends, and theTld"w-ortdvherhey :ymairy4ronv been has Snow whose mind is so crowded with household "iu 110 i.., Miss Mary .tVUdlCVU, VVilCIC llIC VVCll- '6"lJ schools of the of or social cares that .she inwardly begrudges public ground under the heel of despotism to think superintendent Me. i the time given to a caller. However, there jat women should have any rights. At Bangor, you do expect it you will al ways be In the death of the distinguished Scandi- is a happy medium between these extremes, esen, professor which it is well worth every" woman's Ppointed. They have been educated navian, Hjalmar Hjorth Boy for. Time means golden Ply in selfishness, never seem to afGermanic literature at Columbia College, while to strive they for. so many helpful, interesttoem of apossibility or necessity forwomen, the., principle of a free opportunity and opportunities an influential ing occupations. Balzac says that in Paris equal justice for womeuVloses dir ?e rihts extended in any possible everybody wants to find a twenty-fift- h action. They come here simply to bet-- ; advocate. thr-- rliffi-rr.n- .:- - l - : t . of-he- r . - -- ' :- , H - I1 ! j co-worke- rs buck-boar- d oston ' . , -- -- under-esti-mat- e rock-ribbe- . . S1 - " 1 " e no-lif- c -- .t re-elect- -- , : , -- ' . J 