r WO MA N TTTTXH) NKNT 7 Jrichartlv A! viimhm: ' j v .1 1 v. i , fully appre( h K ivi i.11 1 hah .thulaLUut loth ami w:in?;' and' gaVc the presidents tXt iVnt advice about many thmgs. con- ' h.vith their organization. ident young nude a lew remarks t!i.i.:. :ing tlie brethren fur their presence, lent Mi presented .the who were sustained by efri! mo' vote, and. the conference was adjourn' cd .ntil next. October. Singing, "Our to Thee." Dismissed with We Raise Tolm Smith. pra'w-r.b" ' Apostle ... K. Henry B. WKU.S See. vxC -- - . ome ' gen-Vheer- i-- ' s . v iy Aug. 20th. hheld said. "What do you think.of the crops? 1 never saw the Ih-rlike. the fields of 'wheat, 'bdrlev anrl oafs, had grown far beyond my conception. Should I describe the' scene .as f saw it in; the held; the account would appear fabulous; so Iwill say, ctne , and the look of 'tlie description of the valley, and its resources,' aiid rid for yourselves. Many straws of grainlile grown in a. cluster liom one kernel. From a cluster I counted from one straw, measuring, six feet and one inch, and made an estimate,. that in the entire' cluster, there, must be fifteen hun-dreoats. Field said he expected his farm this year, to yield a profit of from eighteen ". to twenty five hundred dollars. The land is :That, is the ditdies "are made ten rcxls apart, and tlie. water soaks under. This is of but little trouble. The' hard pan delow the soil, holds the water which soaks up. The ..climate 7 the year round is mild. "The altitude is 7, 665ft. tlie thermometer' registers very high; although the heat is not. so preceptible in tlie sun within about thirty degrees as is expressed, when a , cloud "passes under the sun, a sudden change is made. Hence there is a great difference in this altitude between sun and shade. The roads are made by ' ' . " A-- v ' v I JiTTKR OPEN FROM DR. STK VltXS BARXFY. AXUiA d 4 ' . i ConclinliiL j sub-irrigate- ; 26th Rollin obtained a carriage at r until lock, and we went ... clock p. m. This was very entertain--ir-i- : fe went bordering on the exquisite. up'1:! tire much elevated plateau to the 1: '.vl .of the grand summer resort. We drove through Grand Avenue, and on to Wlteh. is the "Garden of the Gods." quire as grand. as the name indicates. Aug. nth. We all went to the Office of I was the Automatic Telephone Co. twenty miles, they nature, not'a stone-foch inned with the simplicity, and apparent o'clock I are sandy and packed with traveling over rnectioii, of its work. At them. Not a hollow, or hill did I see. took the car for Salida, arriving. aLj p. m. ' One teamster with two wagons and four 'Here I took the advantage of the lay over horses can. haul seventy five hundred. I privilege on my ticket. need to brush dust from my cloth-nu- r Aug. 20th. At 3 o'clock a. m. I paid had no after a"travel of forty miles, going one $h.2o for 'my ticket to Monte Vista Col. another. The moisture and again checking baggage, was soon on way rises from the ground causing a dew that the way. With extra engine we were tuglays the dust. As we were traveling for ging up hill through Royal Gorge; then miles, oast these fields, covered with tall south to Alamosa; and theit west to Monte heavy headed grain, 'they extended beyond 'a. ' has undoubtedly, Aug. 21st. At 10 o'clock I was met our vision, nie valley once been submerged , hence the level sandy .with, horse .. ahd; carriage, by my Nephew t cTfiuu Ious ' Ham ird Field SteveiisjnyJLwiiiljrothersonly--S'jt- i, -- surJacc'r iTIiM 4f h tftti white who was left at six months old with- - clouds,, that seemed constantly piled up. the valley... 'I out'a7 father. His wife Jennie, a- short along the horizon, surrounding filled time since returned from Denver having, on the tops of the. low. mountains, me with such admiration, that T felt. that it 'passed through two very serious surgical could properly be called the "Valley.of the and not ye t en tirely recovered .7 operations Gods." I thought this would be a grand No time was wasted in forming an acquaint- for a Temple, for the second coming "aaee, with wife, ' daughter and son.. The place of UijLonjMAlmorio feeling was cordial, and mutuaJIXgains T must here leave the descriptive as the. I was that me vrcrTrrTOcTurTnake teel, p view widens before me, and 'bring the quhe at home. T found Field a business reader back to the house built and owned ; ra He has worked for years at A few days before I arand carries between four and five by my nephew.been visited by lightning. had thousand dollars worth of stock. He also rived, it The mother and both children were shocked. has .a. farm of. two quarter sections, all unthe piano without der cultivation, and calls himself worth .The lightning passing by three rooms in He injuring it, visiting ah :t eighteen thousand dollars. cracked the plastering along the v went to Monte Vista because of being sorely smashed way. and emering. the afilicted with: asthma, about nine years ago", then a large plated mirror into small pieces, He health. of a anu.is,noy perfect picture the furstopped its destruction by splitting so ved the location, thathe persuaded his ot the. bedstead. Did some ther post from he rlfnd step. father; to move there, me back, and then again, the northern ' part of Iowa, and' they also; me from these hurry me on, preservingI answer are in love with their southern home, with yesr ,it.? near by. -- destructive destruction by the elements as tJitir3onarAUwife,Tand-oiiediil- d the A.ur 2qth. After dinner, according to Surely in the 24th,Chapter of Mathew are predicted a for j started previous arrangements, we v twitv dies drive, to tlie form, abovrne , tP; 1 Mary, Boutyell, My sister:in-laparticipated in Q cllildren; d and husband Field and I, arrived there in a grove three miles disWociable, jus' in time to nitrh tent and have a camp He belongs to Uyo, lodges, or clubs. tant. .upper before dark. Straw 0was gathered This one admits ladies, ana ne wwcu u, from a large stack and the bed made, and ! sight-seemi- t . 1 1 . ; . and-returnin- g . -- - . - ; ' - . - :r -- harness--mahing- . . . its-cours- . bed-roo- . m, 1 tin-hol- - - -- ". : d - : -- w - " ' : The.- that lie mlghrtake "w i'th' him his wife. Wfc e -- : 4rtrtl- - jt;' ".Thus- relent d "v-,- 09". e "- " -- - j j Having been driven from our homes in a body; our love, and interest, as a community were one. So it seemed that there was -- j -j r t r - , ' much harmony Avith them. -Monday Sept. 2nd. I started for homer and at the. depot" parted witi five of 'my im mediate kmdred. hy tlns'partingr be cause I do not live for selfish ends alone I checked my baggage, and paid my .fare of six dollars and twenty cents, 'to Salida, I arrived there late in the night. Now using; my excursion return ticket. I checked my baggage for the entire journey. For three hours another lady and I, had to wait,' with We dejHjt iron S2at accommodations watched closely the clock, and alter our car was past due, witjiout any call, alt rushed to the coming car. After, traveling two ... miles to the East, the conductor told us that we were on the wrong car, and going the wrong way. Soon we were placed on the Pullmaircar-- going West, and rode in the Pullman Baggage Car to Leadville, sit-- : ting on a "couple of camp chairs. We were the sole occupants of this empty car. 'Daylight soon exposed our lonely situation. We were then exchanged to our car, 'which had stopped for breakfast; but our change was riot for the better: This was "Peach Day'.'at and a half car the, Junction; and full)-on- e loads of people were crowded into one. Space here will not admit of a description of the road, as .we vrere going to, and com-inthis side of Leadville. I don't believe the like can be equalled on the earth, for magnitude, grandeur, and sublimity of No one could imagine the extent without seeing it. At times, the. car windows would not admit eyes cliffs as the towering beholding the top of they seemed to reach the skies. We went flving with great speed, and at one place we suddenly came to a stand "still. By looking . S g, rock-scene- ry. of-ou- r from theplatlojn or accidentally , r7TeT"vdI!din been, precipitated upon the trackfrom the perpendicular: heights above. Men with theirthisels and hainmers, succeeded finally. . in making room for us to pass. - We now soil of Colorstruck the dreary " ado, and to add to our sombre mood, our Thus I train was three hours. Ixdiind. clay-colore- d "at 2"o'clock"" W'ed- -' hesday morning Sept. 4th, 1895. Soon y Jaede44iilt-fvakr.Cit- after I arrived home I learned that the I). R. G. Ry . train had. been visited by a ' 'hold ' up." ' another remember here cousin, who is connected with the . above, now numbered with the dead, the daughter of Addison and Louisa Barnes Pratt, and wife of William McGary, wdio favored me with her likeness, and family record the latter being her last written words on earth, lillen Sophrouia Pratt McGary b. Feb. 6th, 1832. died Aug. Qth, 1895, of fatty degeneration of the heart. After having been confined' to her led two days', she. quietly '. GaMerTGrove, Anahiem passed Cal. She will be remembered as the eldest daughter of her mother's family. In com mon with the family, she enduredall the I must awa-y;:a- t having arrived ivMumsTTpibTieeFlife, .I . Tti.-' in bait lake vaney, uian, in me iaii or . I. We were much associated together 8a8 in those, early days, because of. her cheerful spirit, she claimed a place in the leading 1 