wMA-NS'j-:'X-bNKN-- Woman's Hxponhnt. arid t!Uiivlud tu Uin,l. ".:;ri;rtt.wirtr. - - - ,1 Hi ;if flVod .' tU arrant'emeu sp-i- c $J-per towik, $j w. ir ;uV:l:ers. ,'recl ssS CVr.jtitun. c Kcctrs Exros'kNT ffcr, tim. on coiV ("Jovf 'vtes of R0.n5.ureu . 5. c-z- n 1'ui'd-tru- ?. business hou.r from 13 Main S:reel, opposite Z.C. M. I. a.ml.tj 5 p.everddr.-rTcrprua'tiiAi'.iress .ill conimunic.jv.ons to biiats - ,, v tiottn he 'e licet oribri t v"T : session Was heltlv.IUj;;. admis-ioPresident AnVs M. to'tbe assembly vilh' a very happy and to ain er and Mis, brief speech saying "It is a pleasure ;u:d Cannon made the opchin;-praya d.istingUish.td bailor to ititiotiuee one Maitde I'r.att with the'Ceeclia Club tenderd and whose wortc verv eiVcctivcly ar.d in excel !en;t .vr ice ul(t whoNf fame is world-widI'valm .of U!e." to "'beautiful '.liymu; i,Th has been devoted in the highest was adjonintd to the As- huinanity, .he alluded to her iormer visit to The, Coufeienec. fact oilier being introduced s.mbty Hall for- the following", morning Utah and-thof room. by the1 mayor Dauitd II. Weds, she carried wheie there wouldbef Itnly 'There was an enthusiastic meeting m th away pleasajit recollections of. visit, and he sincerely hop-- that the present morning of Tuesday, and- in tdie afternoon more agreeable, as the l ubes with about a hundred and twenty sojourn would be even ..... r. she had come just alter ine juonsiuuiionai live otlit-r- went out to see tlie Hake and; Convention had engrafted i!!to tne Con the elegant pavilion.at Saltair. Col. N. W. kind--.- , stitution, into the organic law', a provision Clayton, with hU usual gracioiisness, ai tlie disposal granting equa.1 suffrage to. women. Gov. ly cons.Mited to put tw(v cars West assured the ladies that the Constitu- of the jarty Mrs CluyU n occ( inrar, ii g In the evening! tion which provides for suffrage for wo- the distinguished visitors. men will be carried by aa overwhelming the AssemblyJIall was filled to oveiflowing" notwithstanding lbe many attractions majority. (Applause ). tit other ices the same .evening. Miss Anthony's response was very. Hon. John T. Caine madt?-th- e opening gracious and her introductory address was i rayer, and Miss Maude Pratt sang .Very complimentary td Utah. She alluded the beautiful song" entitled "Mv tn tlir fr.qins nude 111 securing sehocjl sut- ' h:ut at th' I he speakers eet rest, frage in twenty five states .muixicip.il 'suf. aiid ' were Mrs. Lyle Meredith Stansbury whose frage in one lull suffrage Colorado:aud practicilly in Utah, because PaPer Avas ltsct a vnlunie cjnterestiug it is sure to carry. Her speech in full will r natter and very teiliuir. Anthony in her own original man- be given later. '", forcible as well ner gave ,a logical clear and 'T, Gov. West also introduced the Rev. An- ' .1 f as vci v lJieasiug auuitas TT otr Miss Shaw was the last speakerraiuboar-riemost renowned and successful the audience in one almost continuous Miss. Shaw made an eloquent address in lier of applause-usual bright and winning way which' we! round At Mi. E. B, Wells adjourned shall include when we publish in full. Mrs. the National Conference after the following. Sarah M. Kimball ... the pioneer in. the wo- - i lit tttl vt t lit f Orif "lt"tTl man suffrage work in Utah, welcomedjhe r'1 1,1 , nsitors most cordially and referred to the , ' ' first visit of Miss Anthony and related a Whereas, great gams in the smlragc en- a numberv of of reminiscences past timent and achievement have made the last quite t r 4i n -- -- - . , Salt Lake City, Utah. . 1 .s.-- ... E&EON'ENT, I'USLLSHER" "WOMAN-;- : t dec uf mor West iiitrodtiwvd Miss Anthony e v, n ihc i n. . , . An eve nuig : Each sq'xvf r riiTTH'crryotui tk na the ii!iuncahV'cliv'w;-Hlto outer bv aU n re.v ailing I Uc I heiej.drbeious :,ie.frtsbmaii tt ft ( . ww. Vtsirs. vtc. oiaUd vitlr:l;'Wt'r il.iui.Vi; ix'Om .u Sundav afternoon. cameVu to t.ie ' and alter the .stand was &ic3,'tne Seciebiryji ! - lis' rri - e Entered it tht Post "of.ct i .Sdti. 'L.tke CitjyL'Uh, a ; ' second ctzst tnatie -- her-'br- t . ' d Salt LakeCi7v May 15 1S95. . REV ANNA II. SHAW'S' SERMON. ". The next issue of.the-ExroN,niTwili:l3- will contain of Volume Rev.' Anna H.' Shaw's sermon lrriull as taken by the stenographer. ' ;No. t 1 s , .1.; there-were- " 1 j THE NATIONAL CONFERENCE. . ex-ouisite- -- lv j NATIONAL AMERICAN". S.;A. i The distinguislied women who were expected here to hold a Conference of the A sociation arrived on Sunda' May 12 as anticipated and Were met at the depot by a large delegation of suffrage women wearing their colors, in carriages and the "Utah" which accommodates, over thirty people. Breakfast had been ordered' for the4 party at National-AmericaiE-Womaiv-SulTra- 3. . . Miss 1 . - - . . ' - . 10-3- . . ; :sec'-'the'.S2- ;: - - A i j ' . n. 0, 1 T T. ,Li ,f 1 for suffrage. ' Whereas, The women w ho have 'strug- gled so long in order that the itlealAintii--reason to hope that the final incarnation of justice in American instittttions is iiear at hand; and Whereas, The five states of New York, Oregon, Nevada., Idaho and Utah have determined to submit the question of full suf frage for women; and Meredith Stansbury of Denver and Mrs. Mary C. C. Bradfordofliesime introduced and Mrs.; Zina D. H. jnade brief addresses.' Young- Honorary Vice President of the NrA. W. S. A. made a. brief speecli of welcome and was followed by Mrs. William Ferry, of Park City, Mrs. Bathsheba W. Smith and by Mrs. Joanna Melton a brilliant t and humorous Scotchwoman, who alwavs mi jierejis:4ievoineirTjTnwT) puts herhea rers iiia good-h- u mor." Next ready possess full suffrage and the women of one state m tmici pal suffrage, and school ,.c ... ..t. ilth is enjoyed by the women of t Wen lated her experience, then Mrs: M. Isabella suffrage states: and Home a pioneer Woman, of 1847, telling a Whereas the men of Utah have-seefit little of the early hardships. Dr. E. B. to build the foundation of their new State Ferguson said a few words of welcome and upon absoluteinstice, equality and freedom: ' expressed her pleasure aUhe visit of Miss therefore be it .. An thOny, and the Rev. Anna- II Shaw. Resolved, That the .'sentiment of this Hon. 0. R. Murdock of Beaver was the 'conference is one of profound gratitude to last speaker, he told the Fadies he 'was "a the men of. Utah who have so unequivocally member of the Legislature of 1S59 and and practically witnessed to their' faith in 870: when the right of suffrage was first the principle of exact justice, to all the citiconferred upon the women of the Territory, and again had been privileged to sit in the zens of this new1 and . glorious- common wealth. Convention whiclijiad made it a part of the The visit of Miss Anthony and the Rev. Constitution of the new state. ; Anna II. Shaw is an event that will ever In' the afternoon. Mr. and Mrs. F. S. be remembered'-aa day in the historv: of the Territory, andthe entire proy eepnon . handsome resident nn a. .i.-v J '." ...:h 1:1 TO 1 f u KX'v.t.eu-III r. T tl tl vii.ii. ail-ail v .. to "zai-rr" thr.-UStreet j " ovpt " -sV , nuuucu t , tranr uuui i guesis. 1 ne r we .vijr rue limited .space egret it' iipuevas-verrbeautiiiill-v ana arffcf;ii-'-wt,:our .. giving: it an at once. u",Jau). .winyi picveiub Mrs.-Lyl- e j wity-were-eachTior- - , - -- . va; J - -- 1 d " cd,- ' - co-worke- the Templeton and afterwards the ladies drove for a w hilerto see the city from various, points. In the afternoon the Rev. Ana Shaydelivered - a discourse in the large Tabernacle to an immense congregation of several thousand- - people. Miss Susan B. followed Miss Shaw speaking for Anthony a few minutjs only, in a very forcible and earnest manner. Bishop Whitney occupied the reanajnder of the time. The Union service at the theatre did not -provca 'union of ministers of the different butMiss Shaw fulfilled our utmost expectations,.,: Her ser- mou was "The Heavenly Vision, " and we greatly regret that we have not this ek: quent sermon in full to use in our paper. However the daily papers Were very extended notices of gracious and made quite her address. The ' house was literally '' ':' packed. .. 7 londa morning May 13th, at 10 o clock tne UDiitererjce opened in the- City and County. Building-- in the hall wdiere the Constitutional. Convention had been held. The decorations had been left in place so the ladies had flags and banners and streamers as ornamentatiou,aa well as beautiful flowers in Vases "to greet the eye and make the hall a pleasant picture. The large lithographs of Miss Anthony and Mrs.. . Stanton were hung in conspicuous places, but the visitors themselves were the must powerful attraction. x V Governor West who had been iavited to introduce - Miss- - Anthony came early and was on the platform to &rect .these celebrat ed women as they came in. The hall was filled w ith men and women watching, Ihe door, eager to fainous they entered the room. iurchcs-as-antjcipat- : min ge - w ve ty-fi- n " : - 1 - ' -- at-tlie- red-lette- s h ir IV f 1 1 i .i.-.- I I I ! I r, I 1 K- : - ", ' J - - 1 1 , ' ... t -- 1 