7V Rights of the Women oj Zion, and tht' Voi.t 24. , SALT I;AKE CONTENTS: 'That pa StiMrageR. Lecture M; F. Ladies Sertn-monthD. Alder. Meeting Agricultural Of Utah II. Paul 7 he Opinion Of J. College The Court; A , Tribute To The Late Sisn r Presinda" Kimball Laura C. Pack'. Relief ly Lucy A. Clark. A Hut though earthly friends may wander Far away in time of need, Thereis One who rules in heaven He's a friend, a friend indeed Ferns may fade, and roses wither, '.' Leaves decay and mosses' die, But if you'll retain his favor, You'll to victory soar on high. Lucv A. Clark. . K.."R. S. .Friendship Beautiful Hands. . No. 6. savored of ill repute, but in the future there will be a woman at the bottom of everything gaud, not excluding good govern: ments. Men have not been slow to" Jay. their burdens upon us, but they have been so afraid we should find it-- out,' we have heard a great deal alxntt the father., having to battle with the world for a livelihood for the familyAnd here let me say there ;wouldbe no struggle for a living if the world were properly managed, but the man who could succeed in being what is. termed a good provider, has ever been considered par excellence. But we have not heard so much about mothers hunclreds and s of them who are not only the providers for themselves aud their husbands but they bear and rear families at the same time. And on these mothers rests the re- sponsibility of the conduct of these children also, even men; will tell you that .women can bind the family, together far better than they; it is a common expression that it is better for the father to leave" the family, even if there is no visible inans of support than the mother. If this can t truthfully said of women after she. has been bound with the chains of servitude for thousands of years to what heights may she not attain when she shall opportunities,' cultivate the intelligence which God has given her and' developed herself to the full perfection of womanhood Xow let us for a moment imagine a mother, and there are a multitude of them who" have brought to the state seveial worthy.sonsthe greatest service she could possibly bestow, unless perhaps it was anqualuu;ltF fthem the j good daughters, she has taught laws of life, filled them with the : spirit of patriotism and the love of God. Just think of the conditions' that make it possible for those sons to say, "Mother, I am twenty-- , one years old, a citizen. I can vote now and have a voice in the government of the nation. Who knows! Some even rresident aenatoiTaye, of the United States." But women don't know anything about government, thev have had no experience in such matters.-Ohconsistency, thou art a jewel! What mothers, do not know enough to vote after spending thirty or more years in the very best selfdisciplme that can be devised ih the government of the family. Again we have been taught from the good old book that wives are in subjection to their husbands, that depends altogether on what kind of husbands, righteous men truly are the head of the wife just precisely as Christ is the head of the. Church, and Christ is the head of the Church to lift all men ur tv wiIH "crneTie will give them a seat on the right hand of the Father. Does that look' like subjection? Then there are many women that have no husbands and must necessarily be their own head. of suffrage for women be termed a movement of remay properly mid must form, they bring a different ele. meut into government from the one in control now, or I fear their efforts will be of mue avail, Men nave tecome so nvi tr trickery in politics that it seems to be ab -- . Friends My 15; "1895. . ; Society Quarterly Conference. Visit And MeetB. WV Relief ings at WHlard-- E. Society Conference E. IJ. W. U: W. P, C.- -L. S. Wilcox R Shipp: R. S.tt Letter To U. VV. P. C.-- Ellis P. A, Reports. Conference N. A. W. S. A. In An Electric Oven. Woman SufCooking: In Colorado. Obituaries. V frage Poetry: that will last; Such a friend is like a jewel Rich and rare of wealth untold; Not time, nor.heat, wilLchange them Like a diamond set in gold. L.-- . CITY. UTAH, AUGUST, U friendship " Rtg his,of the Women of all Nations. thou--sand- 7 U'CTURK ON: SUFFRAGE. MY FRIENDS. of my youth, and life's later .age! Thy names are inscribed on time's fitful page Indelibly written in letters of gold, On my heart's living tablet that never grows cold 0, tHOU friends ."-.- Though the world grows apace and the cycle of ' . time Reaps the harvest of age.and e'en flowers in their ' ' prime, Still enshrined in my soul with all that is dear, Are the names of my friends in characters clear- . Ah! These frjends are the brighest of jewels I wear, More precious than diamonds so brilliant and rare The very best gifts my Father hath given, E'n beams from His presence, descending from Heaven. How dreary the woild e'en with all of its powers, Its sunshine, its music, and beautiful flowers, Without a true" friend, with the magic of love, Refresh ing.oursoul5,a t htrfonrntrTabo ve , ' Refreshes our spirits with infinite peace, increase. ' Inspiring us ever in good works-tE. R. S. o FRIENDSHIP. There are When many friends in spring-time- , theirJs-jiureftdwtre- Tr When the roses blossom around you And the Iillies at your feet, How they seek to win your favor, Gain your approbative smile, And with words and deeds of Irindness Your fond, loving heart beguile. There are many friends in summer, When prosperty abounds, When kincf fortune smiles upon you, And the air with praise resounds; How you gaze at them and wonder Who'll be firm and true to trust, Who will stand the test of friendship, Who will say thy cause is just. When the stormy clouds oilautumn Tn the horizon, appear s Friends who're false and faint and fickle One by one will disappear, Let thenrgp false friends and traitors For such friends are, worse than none; In an hour whehxniost they're needed Then you look, and lo! they're gone." But the friend that's true in winter When the frosty, chilling blast, Wraps its icv mantle round Vou , Civcn before the Reapers Club, L. C Long has said the arguments against Woman's Suffrage are likea bag of feathers, you may. punch it all day but it remains a bag of feathers still, there is no solidity in it and you can make ho impression upon it. And it would seem too as though this question of suffrage would become worn and threadbare, that the arguments for and against were well nigh exhausted, but to the women who are eagerly watching and waiting for the glorious burst of day it is like, a well of living water. True, to those women who have all the rights and privileges they want it doubtless does become very wearisome, to them I would say cast your, eyes abroad, look long and steadfastly until they shall rest with pitying glance upon some pooh creatures wno are not so lortunaie. xt is all very well to say, let them- work for suffrage who want it, there are women bound with chains of degradation who' know it not, there are others while sensing it most keenly are powerless, on think they are, to raise one finger for their own deliverance. And must these suffer while we enjoy all the rights we want? mustthese-- at uusls vvhileAre ieed on the luxuries of life? No, no! never let it be said that women are regardless of the rights of their sisters, rather let us labor for them and with them, let us educate them until they shall assert their independence and shake the shackles from their wrists, thus may we lift them to a higher plane and help to lay the foundation for the ushering in of that golden time upon which the best thought of the ages has been centred. Oh women! what a responsibility rests upon your shoulders in the bringing about of that glorious time.". Mothers, do you not know that the 01 verv iounaation is government not do you. in the family circle?, thaTwhaTriieliomes are, so the state must r be? -: So while I would urge women to take part in every good thing, as far as circum- stances will permit, I would say guard well your homes for there is the nation in embryo. Ever since Eve. partook of the forbiddeh fruit, which certainly showed her pluck, women have been blamed for all the Ex-Govern- or - seeH-Himwberei- : -7- . . . lUv VliUV l.l 111 A J H 1 k W, . - . u J - woman at the bottom of everything that -- t grasp-greate- r - . full-fledge- dayJ-niay-b- d e , fthey . This-questio- r&j n L 