WOMAN EXPONEN -- -- w. - . i . j if&'JH.- v ' 'Vol.. . - ryVVir..i r ,..;'A"r!-;.,.,r. rr -- V ' - : ... fnw y K U. 1 1 ' LL lilt f J Lf ....... , tn IF fLT 1 1 .v.-- l t .j.- , . . ..... 2. No.; ; consents:"7"''"":" '. , t . -- A Story. And JVait. ; -- ' . bd.tonal rtheroom. RpshLiT'old v list. i : -- : r- - I- not take it as suclr rekrictidu, but merely to define that s.uc'ii jersons' should vbtel! To say that the' 'women ' should be 'disll Traudiised at this election "fie regarded as a wrong and an outrage. ' Judge Ha rich said he concurred in the opinion of the chief justice, and" as to the' Hdniunds-Tucke- r act, if it 'was repealed' for the purpose of the enabling act, it was repealed for' all purposes. He .did not be-- i lieve the Edmunds-Tucke- r act .was repealed at all. In this special case," the franchise was extended, but all the acts remained in ' J.'. vs ' ' : -- I for ludtre Merritt-- and if theConstitutidirfailedthen the Kdmunds;Tuckef ' ' Tucker Bw had not been repealed, and j , , . Charles. Tyree,' involving the question of women voting, Chief Justice Merritt said that Judge Bartch'and himself had. arrived at 'cV conclusion",' Judge King dissenting on me sutjject. Mrs. Anderson had asked that her nainele placed, on thc registration " maple's dower, Glorifies the smoky view bike a mammoth autumn ilower llalo'd in the distant blue, Or a sunny April shower With a rainbow; gleaming through. li ir ' In the ease uf Sarah ife-Ou- - : n ; 1'nr.TkY: In September-H- a! tie Whitney J iver. A i.ove on U o'v. Nut on The Lintel I'; T. Renections'And Mernuries Lydia IX SEPTEMBER. .Ati. .vt. was vcll filled as the anticiDa- - S. wrong: He 'regarded the provision in section 11 of the schedule in as repugnant to article 4, if it was 'to'bc' taken as a restriction. However, he 'would - tioiitliat. the i'ualification'of women to vote in November next would be passed had deeiened almost to a "feelin'tr o upon cer- . At 2:20 tne Lhiel Justice and As- idj,ni Lsi,ciate Justices Bark'hand-Kientered ef EDlTOKiAL:Vork XOT VOTE. Tiik Supreme court room ijjai'ii Ka'turduy ly I'nland MW AVO.MIiX Women May No Vote. Emery Co. W.S. Chihls: Mrs. May Wright ScvalL R.'s. Jt,Mu An J San Juan Stala-s."Rrports-Cass- iaLidies' .Meeting Vilate R YounL'. Rt-Ji"Conference. Society Hygienic Cookery -S: V. Conference X. A. S. A. In Rural N'ote. ' - " ' w force. would remain effective till statehood' was 1 act 'remained ' jV.' in . achieved. Section 2 of the enabling act had exteudedthe '.franchise among males, iCMHRV CO. W. s; a but had not referred to females. To allow females to vote would be in conflict with Mixuti-- of the Emery' Comity Con veil- Qoldv-nro. kindle; encampments tlie act, and was forbidden. There had tion ot the Woman Suffrage Association Flame of fleecy amber spreads been stress laid on the fourthjsection of tlie : hekb at Orangevflle, Sept. :ind, in tl Into heaps that drift and dwindle, where Social Hall, it being beautifully decorated voters act, enabling Dropping floss, like .curling shreds' ot theproiosed State' were authorized to under the supervision of Mrs. Rhoda E. Mowing from a slender spindle vote. In his view these ouidified voters Robertson, President of the Local OrganizaWound about with yellow threads. were those qualified under existing laws'-- tion. The two most important features and the enabling act. There had been no being a motto composed of yellow flowers In the mellow wind and weather intention on .the part of the Constitutional Uiv sultrage color) bearing the words (Golden silk and satin .husk,)". Convention to allow women to vote at the !EamitJiih Knights with spur and spear and feather, first election, next, but to al with bouquets of yellow ilowersand the two: Waving scents of milk and musk, low. them to vote thereafter. This was lone stars representing the.two states that Shake their plumed heads together r : in section of the schedule phave given full suffrage to women .and in In a misty golden dusk. clearly shown of the Constitutions Judge 'Merritt said one corner could be seen t he poin t of he would .file a written opinion, reversing another arising Jn the liorizou of : the near range waves and cloui wrought dimples All the western heaven's fret," : the judgment of the io.wer court. future. blooms the sun, In vapor wimples inHi turn The gentleJudge King said he wa s u ab e JxjjQQii ot the occasion. men did honor to the suffrage color, the And in foamv hillfm eut:totty-tnHinrv1- e As when in a river's He' regarded them as utterly repugnant to same as the ladies.by a button-holrimples bouquet, the provisions of the enabling act and of of the yellow flowers,, taking- it altogether Floats a golden violet, the; Constitution. "He regarded that the the hall and the people resembled au.im Hattie Whii'nev. Edmunds-Tucker-awras not a prohibition mense .flower garden. President Jane Selected. of wTomen voting on the Constitution; he Petersen in the chair, a short program was Considered the view of the majority of the well rendered by the following named' per: court as absolutely wrong. He did not be- - j A LOVE SOXG TO A WIFE. lieve the jmqaoiie-lcu- S "nTIFXitraiySense' '. of Woman's Suffrage act;wras to have an) effect upon voters for given in that lady s easy style and wae Wehave been lovers for forty years; or on the Constitution. warmly applauded by her hearer. ; , The . - O, clear cheeks, faded and worn with tears, Hon. William Howard, a member of the What an eloquent story of love ye tell! q had been, it was superceded by theenabling" act. That act had permitted a disfranchised Constitutional Convention; gzvo aMecthre 'our roses are dead, yet I love ye well! to the Conven- - 011 equality of j&s; a1' splendid; address ; ; class .to , vote for delegates O, pale, brow, shrined in soft, silvery hair; He- thought if woman had usti.ceihe would j Crowned with life's sorrow and lined with are, iarrrement X)f the franciiise. to nave. not elecAt contend the lier lor - franchise.He ... a t Ueime read by the: light of the stars above seecould never tiou'for delegates, only males could' vote, I why the rightrtd vote' was". Jihose dear, dear, record of faithful love.: i:j but- unquestionably Congress delegated to given to' some "arid;, nthhi'iorro'm:- 6tliers.r,': ' uulv'' were. iuh:oi. mercy, and:, the pnyeiiuuii tue power 01 Ab.Tond. fonrt evp, nfmv ... ,.j was mixed up.with justice we elec-.when the first at electorate e have shone so clear tnrougn my cneckerea : pre3Cribingthe wbukl have a better form of'gorernmentvv Constitu-- tiop for State officers and life! ivai.cn. 14a ve. a recnanou tion. i nai was a ixvei vvuieu Ve have shed such iov on its thorny wa of the State alone had the right to exercise. "Shall .Women.. Vpte, ' ,Tb'eul That I cannot think are dim ; d -- . " . - -- I the-r;qinlilie- . : j j ; i j j; ; - ' ! 1 ; r f 11 . . . , . 1 " . . e - , : " : ct , sons--IrsJMa- jw4 I" . j . j If-h- State-office- rs e ' . ' 1 - ; . : . - , i ! . - ! - xxu t "''"-- i nu-n'tmIf- - . ; m-r- cy ? on-th- -- mc-ucuui- ye never rest; XJCing thouj . -- 1 j warm "heart franrbispd bv. males and, females, the Constitutiou-iuakcr- s . It was the province of j Iheynever r would. ;gt.ybe.yotKi Follow- "to dtfine the elec- -j ing wai .a recitation, by Miss- - Sabina OHphantcm 'Girls Rights,! .wiich-brpugft;:- : men and women as au, TTignih-iovett-thihe--- il aosuruiiLLuie-:xmwjg--timt--wuiiic- citizens.: ; He regarded 1 Ani proves that the holiest love doth last " Hon.'-.Ci.G- ; : Thepropos ye l'ntil you are crossed on my darling's breast, w-il- ?"- -. y. that ha ve toiled so long, I'atientandlovtng, and braveltnd strong; )'5jyiUever-tire- , - . to-da- Worn .little hands -- ? w eri ' Quivtr i ii .1;.,,- - iU 4 - dlSiJancutSeu, wmcii 'every principle construction, and i It r, f ix a w f11; iivti( . ,ya,s v 11? uiuugiu r r ' 1' " t jvuuues oi.upnraun, me auui cbs , . ; ... , i,naw av omaw uttrage was iuf; " t ...iL.-.v- ' J u.uge ' '1 , 1 ; ' ' 