JLi :uiseu..iuKi4J-'ir7TTaji(lwhin- iil would be a pleasure to get up a surprise party, as a tribute of. their love and esteem and onthe llftieth Anniversary of her wed- - .surrounded. " Minutes read aiid accepted. The following presidents - reported th-- ir wards, doing well, Sister Susannah P. IJolh, Sister Mary Watkiiis, Sister Mary . . i fl--: Counselor Zella Reese, VT am thankful I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ, of Latter-daSaints. Sister Emmelihe BrJ Weirs, -- "Wetalk about aunt Hiiza and her teachings, we talk a buut the Prophet, it is also good. to talk about the' good, men and' wonieh of' our .! ; ; day. Father Joseph Smith" Sen. used to say, "Faith jS energy! and energy is faith ' you notice any one of great faith, can do ai-- . most anything. ; Among the women' of the world we find many with great faith and also with faith in us. .Spoke of noted ladies of the World's Fair, whoexpressed their trust and confidence, in Sister Zina Young, in herself and Others, related some incidents. "I speak of this only to illustrate the influence we have had with these noble and illustrious women." .... Explained the National Couneil;told incidents from Atlanta. 'May the Lord help us to be diligent and do our duty , is my prayer in the name of Jesus, Amen." President Zina I). II. Young: "We should be very mindful of .our childreuT teach them to be; helpful, things are moving fast, 'the prophecies are being spoke of the Kindergarten; children have rights, we are too much taken up with the things of the world, aunt Kliza used to say, vIf you want anything done, don't go to those who have plenty of time, but those who have energy." The Lord. delights to bless us, if we. keep humble and faithful. .We should bring up children to respect and honor the Deity, when they do this, we shall prosper'in the Laud. I hope those who have the suffrage will manage if wisely, mothers should 'understand politics that they can teach their children. It is the Lord . that makes the world look towards Zion. There is no dark valley of ''death for the a -- sti rcty that-G ocH st i S.aintsTwe k now-fWe'need this spiritual association ind the association of" each other. President Rudgar Clawsou "I have, listened "with attention to thedescription of the National Organizations, it gives us in-tluence.' ' Spoke - of the appreciation the Priesthood felt, for the work of the sisters.- Counselor Charles Kellv, "f rpmmfl ed by Aunt Zina's remarks, of a testimony, borne by an old lady, spoken in tongues, that 'Zion is the salt of the earth, and a beacon-ligh- t to the world," let your light shine for all the world is looking toward nv. L The. - :J:::? w ni that body 6n the JuveTu!e;Ddinquency Iioan is a memher the Merchants?:. House and the fluch- .'?nan Instltulio,V and a Justice of the Peace... He vPH " Vuwto ' . his uusinuss, anu leisure in educat lonal raaf- employ ' !- Theltan"'. 'ri:., rrirlnr ,f Mie ' 1 rvi' rJUieKS nriirinntFr.ftW,..I'-- in the Relief Society. r- - - . ; ' . . . ln a letter to Ins sister ht says, ' 'I haveT been, appointed one of Her Ma iesty ' s ust'ice's of the i'eace for the County, which - means t as they could accommodate a larger com- rpany,. than could the home of. Brother and " y nir ( j . T Sister Steel. There" were present Bishop "magistrate for life." Joseph Warburtou and wife,. Counselor As Sister Steel has no family and no relatives I Joseph Booth and wife and John T. here,. it was quite proper, their friends who and wife. Bishop of know them intimately and nave such high Thorup Packard, .r . . C T i '. r respect for them should accord them this m. Mtisscr and ladies, opnugvine.r.icier Brothers H. A. Thorup, C. J. Thomas, honor which is their just due. That they may live to do the work they John Squires, Win. Campbell, George desire and rejoice in th 2 blessings of the H il ton , Ezra C: "A dam s",a ndt lie if wives and. several; other ladies;- including" Sister gospel of peace and salvation, and continue in health aiid prosj)erity ,Tsrthe sincere wish 5Steel',s counselors, and teachers, aiid mCm-- j lers-othe Relief Society, who labor under of the writer who is a ' personal friend and her jurisdiction. Afterpartaking of supper. ardent admirer of the integrity "and uprthese dear did Scotch friends. ightness-of we. nau singing ana instrumental music, and speeches were made by the Bishop and Taere'sa biiss beyond all that the minstrel has - ' his counselors, and a number of other brethtold, ren and sisters, all expressing great con When two, that are linked in one heayefily tie, and love fcr Brother and Sister Steel, AVith heart never chingiuK,"and brovv'never cold, ""'Am and speaking iirglo wing terms of tlieir 'exLove on thro all ills, and love on till. they die." cellent character, uid of .the good they had ' K. B. W. done and were, continually- doing in the. ; community; and many good wishes were THE KCONOMY OF WOMKN , expressed for their future success, prosperity and happiness, Brother and Sister Steel each responded neatly and gratefully to the kind In these advanced days of Women's wishes, and expressions, .....and demonstraWomen 's ljconomics a seen - from tions of love that had been made, for them Rights, the'standpoiut of doinestic life, may seem "aiid in a very interesting manner related very old fashioned, and of little importance. some of their early experiences nud the But to housekeeper in the true sense of company dispersed, feeling that we had the word, they are like many little' things, spent a very pleasant and profitable time toto stones stepping greater. gether. is an old .saying that ''straws show It I am sorry- not to have furnished the vfliich the wind' blows," so also very iteihs of this; pleasant affair sooner, while little way are true indexes to character, things min1 tlifv nvrp mrfv frcl-- iri It is the "little foxes that spoil the vines," Amy A. Thomas. so it is the little things neglected and un: done that- makes a home unpleasant aiid unBrother and Sister Steel are real Scotch attractive. If the children's playthings are born and were --married in littered around ji room, it does not present Oalston Ayrshire Scotland on the 31st, of a ir-fvery n v itingjejira Jaij uary,i8Q5Tbv the'Re" Robert NfrTnxL be taught to put their toys away, for it lour and a half years before they became saves the mother many weary steps, and is members of the Church 01 Jesus Christ of the of a" very necessary, part of Latter-daSaints. Sister Steel'.s brother ever-beginning child's education, the cultivation of who is a wealthy grain merchant and memorder. Order is called Heaven's first law, ber of the City Council of Glasgow visited and at home is the place to begin its cultihis sister and spent a'Tew days here in 1876, is it vation, just as necessary to have a he is a man of extensive cultivation has for place everything and every thingjnits traveled much in foreign countries. each inem13ershould do their of recent has this date paper Arglasgou part to establish and maintain this happy to say concerning Sister Steel's brother. condition, as it is in .God's Holy Ttmpks, to observe law and order. KARQUHAR. What the most talked of "Coming Another Ayrshire boy.ex- - Bailie John Farquhar, Woman" will be is yet in the future." That who one morning, in the year 1843, might have she will be other than a better, nobler, been seen trudging into the city from KilmarZion.". dewith a but Whittington,-likmore nock, footsore, perfect type of woman, jio Counselor-Mar- y Wright, made a few termination to make his mark is also a Free thinking person can womanly but whatever desire, closing remarks. Singing, "Praise to the Educationist candidate Beginning by serving she be will be it will only attained uy his apprenticeship "behind the counter," he ulman who communed with Jehovah." Beneeffort. To be a merfaithful successful wife aiid timately became one of our most diction by Bishop Dewey. true mother is couceeded by most to be the chants. Perhaps his first public appearance was Emilia D. Mad.sk n, Cor. Sec. in connection with the getting of shop hours Ultima Thule of womanhood. shortened from o p. m. till 8 p. m. to enable him- A woman's life is necessarily many sided, self and other lads to attend tne Anoersonian of temperance particularly for she must combine a dozen different College. s to trades or occupations in one, if she has GOLDEN WEDDING. with reeard to providing ample the she may not be called 011 to perform means, having as iar gone as tinrty nye years ago taicen all these duties herself, but she must have ALEXANDER AND MARGARET STEEL. an; active part in establishing schools for ap -- a n district of the practical knowledge of. them, to know prentices in the The Golden Wedding of Brother formawhen they are properly performed or direct ' city, and been mainly instrumental in the r Farqu-haander Steel, and in the Milton Hall, a site Margaret tion of a reading-rooothers, and that often means harder work of the on Grand celebrated Theatre. In their was the 31st, Steel,., now occupied by than to do it one's self. She must see there wisdom the Ninth Ward saw nt in tne year 1574 JaVuaryci895. r is no waste in any department, that there v to return Mr. Farquhar as one ofnheir represenAs Sister Steel is President of the Reis not more food prepared, than necessary, tatives on the Town Council, a position which he lief Society in the First Ward of this City held oche which six of for nine years, during and what is left thrown away. and has no relatives in this country, the cupied the dignified post of Magistrate. Since She must know how to prepare good Asters' of the ' Relief Society- - thought it his retirement from the Council, he represents .. " J . - - ' . ; . 1 1 1 . j t. - A j -- j- -- ; f j . ..' in-teresti- ng 4 : - . full-fille- d, . , -' - j ! i . - . near-Glasg- ow 1 -- or y - ., - -- placei-andHhal u-n- s EX-BAIL- IE , - in-dividu- al s counter-attraction- public-hjoujejeJias- a . North-Wester- his-wif- e m : . 