.- ... WOMyWSZEX PO N BNTr the advancement of woman and the rAce and see' intemperance and "to enact legislative reme&es-fo- r country $ as the triune grace of good citizenship.the evils resulting therefrom. We. oppose all THANKS. forms of cruelty, and advocate education m hu- mane principles an4 the abolition of the prake-r ..... Resolved, That the full exercise of all her powers for the best ''bfiyimectiAn ';,(f,; Women of Council '' good of numamtwiUJera prog res' Q semoiea m us becona jtnenniai bessioft, are hereby extended to the press of the country for nations should be settled without resort to arms. the splendid reports, or, the meetings, which have we rejoice that the United - States Government spread a knowledge of the Council work, and to Whereas the ethical adjustraent-.othe relations has inyited the nations of, the civilized world to' the correspondents, the reporters and the - iwetween capital and labor is a serious problem as i unite in a permanent treaty of arbitration, and ated and. United Press" representatives, for their, ..evidenced by the increasing frequency of strikes that Great Britain has taken steps looking to the work in this direction, and to the chairman. of the and demonstrattons accompanied by disorder, and adoption of such- a treaty; and ;:"7T Council's Press Committee, Mrs. Harriet Taylor resulting in incalculable loss and suffering: and It is' the opinion of this body that a permanent TJpton, for the abillly, devotion and courtesy with Whereas labor arid capital have no natural and 'National board of. Peace and Arbitration should which v she has discharged the duties of her ermanent diversity of interests, and all conflicts be added to our government, and we respectfully ; Vv between these, industrial factors are the result of suggest that a Peace Cbmmission composed of position. That the National Council heartily Resolved, artificial conditions equally at variance with the men and women shal! be' appointed arid provided thanks Miss LucyE. Anthony, Chairman of the of institutions and of our, the republican for to confer with the governments of other naspirit, Committee, on Railroad rates for, the unfailing Golden Rule; therefore; . tions upon the subject of establishing an interpatience and'kindliness with which she has" filled Resolved' That recognizing the fact that sel- - national Court of Arbitration. ; a position demanding much 'labor and yielding ; ftshness is sociiildlsintegration and believing it to . neither pleasure nor honor. be the duty of every patriotic citizen to'give seriRELIGION. Council National the . That extends Resolved, ous and can,did attention to the questions involved its thanks to its Committee of Local Arrarige- Resolved, That we. rejoice in the growing in economic cdrtdili6ns and to use all possible mentsrand its Chairman, Mrs; ,)ennette N. Brad persons of different religious personal influence to establish- society upon a unity between ley; for the. efficient manner in which .ail arrangeevidenced in their union in work, humanbasis of love and fraternity. AVe, the Council, ments for the comfort of the Council members r urge that co operation, instead or competition, itarian, philanthropic,' and reformatory. and visitors have been provided for,- We.protest aga'inst persecution of any people should be adopted as the standard to which inwe That extend to our thanks the Resolved, on account of religious belief or of unbelief, or" dustrial relations should be brought. As an imIndependent Ice Company for furnishing so freely because of race or condition, as contrary to the mediate remedial measure we urge that all disice for the use of all those attending the the spirit aid civilization of our timeir putes between capital and labor be" referred-t- o and to all the employees of this buildWe,suggest to all religious organizations to in- .meetings, National Sate, or voluntary tribunals of conto be helpful, even beclude as part of their study, religion as applied to ing, whose" willingness ciliation and arbitration and that the' whole yond the actual demands of their duty has done the home, society, the union and life in general; strength of public opinion be brought to bear to and much to assist the Council workers during the so '' ,. ; ' '.v compel such reference and the 'acceptance of the v. ; past fortnight. We appeal to all ecclesiastical bodies to so decision. . for the we extend our thanks That Resolved, amend tneir laws, if necessary, that they shall not ' ' the wonc of rendered our kind to assistance ' INDUSTRY. in any way discriminate between man'and ,woy on Patriotic committee Teaching by the standing '. . v u man,' vj, Resolved,, Since juctice requires that in all .deWallace loan of flags by Captain Foster, and by Resplved, That we deplore the outrages compartments of service, efficiency and not 'sex srlall the American Company. Flag mitted upon the Armenians, and record our apbe considered, we demand that the United States . ' MEMORIAL. preciation of the unflinching heroism of our Government shall set the standard for the country ' Armenian dein sisters in lives .their sacrificing Resolved, That in the death of its patrons, by paying its employees equal wages for equal fence of and their freedom of honor Mrs". Rosa Miller Avery, Ruth O. Delamaterand ; worfc and by holding women equally eligible for conscience, iri we and Britain M. Adeline Thompson, the Council has lost three all competitive examinations and for. employearnestly urge our sisters Great and other countries of Europe to use their in: x. whose names were valuable to it, lctwhose in::: ment and promotion. fluence with their governments that they take fluence' strengthened it in the communities in .EDUCATION immediate action to establish security of life, which their lives were passed. honor, and property in Armenia. Resolved, That the Council extends its symd Resolved, That in the best interests of That and demand Resolved, religion as a matter cf justice, we ask that wopatriotism pathy to the organizations which form it for the that we the Russian men as w ell as men shall be dected or appointed protest against persecution loss during the last four years of many valued of the as an Jew on all school boards in the several States and outrage against humanity and as workers from their ranks; prominent.among these on our shores hordes of immigrants, unforcing Territories. We earnestly favor the establishbeing Lucy Stone, Amelia Bloomer, Mary J. skilled and of our institutions, who com- - Seymour, Mary T. Lothrop, Mary A. Wroodbridge, ignorant ment at the Nation's Capital of a National industrial problems and who should Jerha Ames, MaryAl! n West, Myra Brad well, University for study, open alike to Clicate our to live' in peace in their own land and Elizabeth Oakes Smith; Sally Holley, Virginia L. men and women and that women also shall be we that against Russia refusing to recogprotest Minor, Marian Skidmore, Presendia L. Kimball appointed on the regularly constituted board of nize the w United of the hen States held and Elizabeth Howard. pass port control. We heartily endorse the effort to give a our ask and to ' Jew by the youth of the country scientific temperance Representatives uphold instruction in the public schools. Since a the honor of our country in having its passports OBITUARIES. respected. That patriotism and humanity de- simultaneous Training of the child's hand and brain is demanded. Jor its harmbnious develop- - mana that we protest against Jhej)resent course- - - Died at Pine, Gila Co. Arizona, Feb 13th, or injustice toward "the colored people and the -fnent.weearnestiyTxquestall School Boards in the Elisha infant Woodward eleven son of days; age Indians, practiced by our people and permitted by Manson and Emarette Fuller. United States to adopt the kindergarten method J. and to combine manual with mental training as a our government. Jod in love giveth, m his love taketh aw;ay, fundamental part of our public school system. - PATRIOTISM. blessed be his name. r E. C. F. DRESS REFORM. Resolved, :That realizing the dangers which threaten the nation from dense arid diverse popuSince woman's dress should be lations and from a lax enforcement of law of Resolved, Mrs. Charlotte Emerson Brown, wife of imhealthful, should be beautiful in its conformity to migration andnaturalization,we urge upon, all our 'William R. Brown and the first president of the th... principles of art and nature, and should leave to enforce existing GeneralFejlejtjojiju people that hey her a free and untrammeled faaor in the world's "iToTneolTCheUiutstreet East Orange, Feb. 5, laws and that to tbeerttjutteTrthrrof" legislation is necessary to make them more of pneumonia. She was the niece of Ralph Wal' ' women the various designs alrs-adevolved effective. do Emerson. Her funeral took place Friday which meet these requirements. - ' afternoon' at 2 o'clock, Feb. 8th: We gladly invite and welcome to our industrial life and to' our educational and political privileges MARRIAGE AND DIVORCE. all who seek homes in this country, and who deDied at Paragoonah Iron Co.. June 17th, 1894, sire to increase their own and the general welfare ResoWed, Since great suffering and injustice of heart disease, Sister jane Talbot, the beloved arise from there being in the various States of our under the guarantees of law. We believe that wife of Robert Talbot, and daughter of Dennis country different' laws governing marriage and illiteracy should be a bar to the use of the ballot and Mary Grundy. Deceased was born at divorcerTwe - urge such legislation, State and by the native or the foreign born citizen, and we Lancashire, England, July. 20th, 1832; " entrance our the National, as shall secure uniformity in this respect; shores of She leaves a husband, one son and one daughter, upon protest against and since both sexes are equally concerned in the the vicious classes of other lands, who bring with and four and friends to mourn her adjustment of these relations we demand that in them influences contrary to American Instituloss. Sister Talbot .joined the church of Jesus all commissions created to deal with those questions and tending to anarchy. Christ in the year 1847; emigrated to Utah in 1863. tions women be appointed to act We protest against what is known as "lynch Crossed the ocean with her motherland sister in with men. law" since the right of trial accordtng to legal the ship Antartic. Crossed the. plains in Captain Nebeker's company. process is a fundamental, principle of justice and Arriving in Salt Lake City PHILANTHROPY. the laws the to of is land obedience and came to raragoonah the jsame and liberty, bep. 29th, Resolved, That asunjust la wsare still in force the first duty of the citizen. year, where she resided the most of her time un-t- il in some of the states relating to the personal and We believe thatpatriotic teaching in the school, her death. She was a teacher in the Relief "of into introduction the the American 01 we vvomen, flag property rights respectfully ask every Society for a number of years, and labored faithour country women tcl investigate State and school-rooin. the land and its salute as the fully in that calling until sickness overtook her. National. laws and to recommend such amendSaint and died in full She was a true Latter-da- y symbol and the prophecy of peace, of progress, and of ments as shall give to all women justice and of universal hberty equal rights under the faith of a glorious Resurrection. v Mary E. equity, and we urge the Appointment of women Constitution, would unite the nation's children, Forsyth, Ass't Sec, R. S. on boards of managementLof all correctional and strengthen love of law arid develop the spirit of ; charitable institutions. We rejoice in all organizapatriotism, which is the life of the Republic. Died in the ninth ward Salt Lake City, Feb. tions and missions advocating an equal,standard We commend the American patriotic --salute 1st, 1895. Julia Spencer, beloved wife of Wilford of purity for men and women.and working for the known as the original "Balch Salute," , which Yroodruff Jr. She was born in Nephi Juab Co, rescue of erring girls from a life of sin. We ask pledges allegiance to the Fatherhood and May 6th, 1856. our own and all nations to investigate causes of the brotherhood of man and the flag of our She w;as a teacher of. .the ninth Ward Relief - in them thp bright forecast of the time When the which exists . in" society, in the church and in the .State, to prevent woman from last-restrict- ion 4 wmy . f)-r--- f '.i, -- : - -- " . . , ; - - - ;. ; be-liefs.- 'as - . , -- . . ' , ' .. . '. . educa-tiorkan- , : post-gradua- te . ; . co-opera- te -pr- ogresSj-we-eommend . - . 1 - . Pen-die-bur- grand-childre- . - . -- m " ol-Go- J d n, y XT 