f9: WOMAN'S E A (MEL fXE S," I fRLlS.""" . M'Ll$C4AA-O.Y- A.S-Xt- ' 4C-.'- - even ii'. y, in 1 , . uli:UMdertaknig for one not accustomed to the stage. Grandma's Story by Fra nkie" Young was quite a finished, piece voice, manner and style all good; the musical number by W. C. Olive "Mazurka de Concert" a new composition given for the first time from the manuscript, was warmly applauded and richly deserved it, all the parts were .well taken though we have not space to mention in detail: tf rs. Boyden ii the merchant of Venice Act. IV. Scene 1. gave the audience a good idea of her. versatility .Mrs. Boyden spares no pains with her pupils and is both diligent, and clever in her line of work, and certainly deserves . public recognition. .... .thea.S:Nai?rf6tts; to be achieved for particularly' pleasing; the from Leah by .:Blaiichc T?$wbks;r; i'ccne artistically given, tliuugb rery diM Editar ia Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: one eojy onr yef, $i.oo; one copy six months, 'octs. No reduction" iniae lor clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra lor postage one year.t 25 cts. Advertising rates: Each 'square, ten lines of nonpareil cone time, 2.50; per month, 00. A liberal dis-- f : ut regular advertisers. ExroNtrNT office, Roon.s 227 6c 228 Constitution BuildBusiness hours from. ing, Mam Street, opposite Z. C. 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. every day, except Sunday. Address all business communications to semi-moinnl- Tosie Morris was ,ue working at a great disadvantage, but uitience tnust be called into active exercise.;, EXPONENT. W'OMAiVS EXPONENT.! m view oi a of-aetin- the commongreat good wealth of Utah. Women in Utah should be as brave and as patriotic as the women of any other period of great importance, we reverence the women of the revolutionary period, why then when there is. a grand Opportunity do not women come to the front, and work ' PUBLISHER WOMAN'S EXPONENT. for that which will give them a similar Utah. Salt Lakk City, heritage to bequeathe to their children.- It is a patriotic duty not only to Utah but to Entered ut the Fost Of.ce in Salt Lake City, Utah, a " to work for statehood, the whole-natiotco hd class mutter because of the glory of the Republic which, becomes greater and more powerful with Salt Lake Oty October i, 1S95. each new state added to its number. Aside A BRIEF HISTORICAL SKETCH. from gloi-y- , or honor, women shou'.d take STATEHOOD FIRST. such part in affairs relating to government, OVTHE NATIONAL WOMAN 'S REIT EE the home department as will help seeing and realizing especially ' " SOCIETY. to a that these are very peculiar times, and that have a moral tendency to its upliftingseri.the events now transpiring are significant of higher standard. There are so. many The . organization of women known as which are ous women involved, questions the future, and are of the deepest interest National AVonian's Relief Society with to to calculated well and modify prescribe at the present, to all thinking men and wo "headquarters in Salt Lake City, Utah, is into realm and the of for, politics bring men. both national and international in scop which and element another necessarily may The. people of Utah are confronted by and charatcer having branches, in the' effect for a the better. would great change United States and in foreign countries. problems and questions- comparatively new conditions the at the In contemplating imwhich" to them, and are of. the utmost This society though strictly charitable and time one cannot there feeling help present 5ucvh changes have been portance, philanthropic is also educational in the best a be should and determiuegVeffort strong within few as were the last and truest sense of the word, dealing with wrought years ''never dreamed of in our philosophy , ' to say made to obtain statehood, that now is. the the subjects that tend to the elevation and the least; howevertheseconditions must.be time and there is little time left to work in advancement of women in all the lines of before the election in November. Every e ....met and carefuvly .considered, and all thought and action that benefit humanity. matters adjusted' for the best good of woman has some influence she can use in The first organization of this society wa.the whole people, in the wisest maimer and this difectionnd she should not lose her effected on the 17th, of March 1S42, at the by the most judicious methods. Every one opportunity. Masonic Hall, m Nauvoo, Illinois. A who loves Utah, who believes in the great preliminary meeting of women had beenv future that awaits, the new state, with its EDITORIAL NOTES. held previously-- at the residence of Mrs. and varied abundant resources,-i- ts thriity M. Kimball Sarah at which time the matand conservative people, must feel the deepMr. M. A; Meyendorff a Polish exile, ter of organizing an Association for beneest anxiety in the adjustment of all that and patient who is sojourning in this city volent purposes Was considered and decided seems likely to hinder her material, y fora short time is arranging to give a lecupon. Mrs. Emma Smith was elected Inor her national importance. ture here on Russian prisons and life' in President, Mrs. Elizabeth Ann Whitney dividual prejudices or those differences of Siberia. One reads of these terrible things and, Mrs. Sarah M. Cleveland' Counselors, '.opinion which grow out of partisanship afar off, but rarely doesone hear from the Miss' Eliza-Rto stand in not the of exiles-tho w n ought way progress story: MrrM eyendorli Ann Wheeler assistant secretary, and Miss ei Sla has tehoudrstuTother an had eventful Jo.uiiiiom.ent, life, and his lecture Elivira Coules Treasurer. There Vere' ' things of minor importance afterwards. In will be thrilling with actual experiences; as nineteen original members including the this connection the writer cannot help rehe has a wonderful gift of describing the officers; The increase in membership durgretting that statehood or the adoption scenes, throughwhich he has passed. Mr. ing the first two years reached -- 1 275 , the Constitution was not made a separate Meyendorff joined .the Polish insurrection number of names enrolled. election; but be that as it may as a matter, in. 1863 when a mere boy and was captured When the "Mormon'; people left Illinois of opinion, the. situation must be -- accepted by the Russian authorities and banished for to journey westward to. an . unknown lancL and arguments pro and con are of no lite to his fatl biberuijlthQiigh ety could not operate sts an organ avail now. tvaXaTTolish nobleman txnd held a hig-- of ized body, and of necessity regular meet-instand tirm and steadfast for statehood fice in the Russian service. After were discontinued, though the women should be the watchword, in the present ing eighteen months in Siberia, spend young kept up their benevolent worl", wherever and every woman should see, that every Meyendorff was released the inand whenever an opportunity presented itman does hist duty at the polls, in this tercession of .the United through States govern-meuself, and many were in need of kindly acts and came to America where he has and deeds of respect at the coming election, as she cancharity, and sympathy, for not vote herself. since resided. Mr. Meyendorff is genial those were the days of toil and suffering, of Statehood obtained many other things in conversation, has a slightly foreign acscarcity-an- d were few " hardships.--Ther- e may come, up after wards w h i ch it will be ceut, and a. distinctively European. manner gifts to bestow, but many lessons of comparatively easy, to settle satisfactorily, and bearing. He is certainly a man of patience and resignation to be learned in and therefore it seems now the imperative culture" arid educational : attainments and the school of experience, - duty of every person to use. the utmost exEarly in the settlement of the Salt Lake ertion and best endeavors to obtain such lecturer. organizations of the Relief Society political freedom as - is accorded to all Mrs. Louise Boyden, the teacher of valley were formed as a natural of the citizens of sovereign states in this great elocution and Delsarte -gave a recital on ui. sucicLy . iu i a u voo, rorTTTfie fH5ZZ Republic. I uesdavlei-eni'nffSeotembpT in spirit and sentiment still existed, and v?s JVVomjmsj!oui- dChristiansen's Hall which was a suc quite -- too that statehood into active exercise. The once gained they stand cess in an artistic in showing off her first way , general President , was Miss Eliza equal with man in politicaL importance,' pupils, especially the younger t and ones, it Snow, who had been the first secretary, 2ndtheiropiniohs-and'A-iew- s will have proved too how and pains-takdiligent and had brought with her from Nauvoo the some weight in the body politic thereafter. the teacher had been to forwar3 them bring records of the society . It, is all: so different since the adverse in difficult parts. The renditions by some The benefits resulting from this organiza decision of the Supreme Court of Utah on of diem were excellent and deserve special in the new colonies; cannot be over the question of equal suffrage, and "women mention:-- The: statuesque posing by Miss estimated; women doing thorough practical. ... " , -- . - - . - - n , - ONK-.-jcanuo- - -- t , ' - - . . rela"-tiv- - ; -- pros-perit- . . . SnoV--SeietaxvMiss- 4l.e r-- ; of-th- e - h g ' . t, - . 1 ... j out-grow- Fc K- - v . -- - soon-broug- - 4" A 4- - 1 "X" th C A 1 ht ! ' m I - ' ; 1 -- 77-tion ' 