nof out TlovcfJ had jjr 1 i h.cta - in -- p prx l fy J I.oujWlow rue poe t r y .'-ait- ji was given I Mid' it was the inspiration of muukiud. Is u iun, wijcii you near Uioug nts " observing it; rK-auu- and sentiment; r v.uuuuy: us ui nice, Sweet land of liberty, Of thee I sing: Land where my fathers died, - l.Ari . coveeverlasiiwpitituai" nam ana oongati as eternal as the being, - side t from whom the law had emanated: arid was to be made m v.iew ot its eternal conse- ; , quences. ' ; When a man by mutual conWnt of both parties has made of woman a wife and mother, and a child has been born, a liviinr soul created; .that has been doife which can never,be-undoneEternal results and consequences mu'st' inevitably; follow, and this, is'sufficient rtason why it shodld be done by virtue of an everlasting covenant, Va covenant made to . endure in time and , . i . . . . Miss Ida Sir?TrwnPsnortIv ive a lecture and Shakespearean - recital:- - -- The, iirst part will le devoted to oersonal oxuor'nrp in and impressions, ot italv, Fart First Venice;. Arrival; Grand Canal by. moon- - riazza; uie iasnionaojfv prooi- enaae, ana its celebrated pigeons- Palace of the Doges; its glorious paintings, Academia delle BelleArt; a famous street; amusing trait character; ChurchSt. Marco.irrall its Byzantine magic and splendor; its mag- j.iigiu; - I j - of-Italia- n nificent pictorial decorations; Seuola d'S Roceo; Tintiretto's Gallery; S. Giovanni Paola and' i4The Frari;'- - S." Maria "Far- mosa;" Palma "Vecchio's;" St. Barbara; Armenian convent, Island of 3. Lozzaro celebrated. in ttavel and romance; Island " "The man that hath, no music in himself, Nor is moved with concord of sweet sounds, Is fit for treason, stratagem and spoils. The motions of his spirit are dull'asnight And his afTectt6ns dark as Erebus" v Let no such man be trusted. OlkaShii'I' co-equ- ' - . 1 . . ; . p ss its-sel- .May 13, 1895, n, -- . ' f Fullmer, late President, made a S. A. -- few remarks in regard to the former organ- - ' - ganization; said they had met with opposition, and the officers being so scattered, she had a frreat n.art of the burden to henr f was glad to be released. Mrs. Josie Childs fipoke of the advantages of belougingojLe - ; ; "oT-"to- . izing the Emery County W. S.A'. Mrs. Mary AnirSorenson was chose H femporary Chairman and Mrs. CaTrie,L-LaiseSec- -' retary pro tern. Mrs. Jaiie C. Petersen, of Castle Dale, was sustained as County Pres- - : ident, with Mrs. S. "A. Fullmer and Tennie Curtis, of Orangeville;, Vice- - Presidents; -Mrs. Sarah A. Stapley, of Castle Dale, Secretary and Treasurer; Mary Ann Soren-- f sen, Chairman Executive Board; Josephine Jack, Aggie Curtis, Maria Guymon, of Orangeville, and Annie E. Seely, Caro- - y line U. Larsen, of Castle Daleinembcrs-o- f. Hence it is that the" relationship of the sexes by virtue- - of covenant made only for IN TRUTH; time is void to them beyond the limits of time. "The fruits of that relation are beI'm resting in my evening tent, gotten as destitute of eternal element in The light is fading growing dim, their creation, as were the creatos who Yet in my heart lies sweet content. formed themjijlJlieesulHsprJarenT; Love 's hallowed, hymn. ; unbelief and infidelity in' eternal things are I h?ar the characteristics of the race- begotten in a wailing of the Wind, The surging waters just below, covenant made only for time: when and I rest secure in where passions rule: and elements'that are peace within, Love wills it so. divine are in contempt, as unworthy of hu-- " man recognition. Trusting in His pardoning grace, In this life where evil prevails such a To keep and save me from all sin, work m usrunivejajlyj The loving kindness of His face, and wickedness, and if not - Is never dim. restrained will result in evil and misery as the In trusting faith I bide my time, only just, reward for evil done. Though Enquiring not how long the stay. a man slay his fellow-man- , the deed of But leaning on His word sublime, death be done, yet if, there be no intent or Await the day. purpose of so doing, guilt does not attach, To cross the river flowing near. punishment does not follow. So in all cases of moral action, faith must prompt to deeds To fold my tattered tent away, of righty and intU to deeds of 'wro7ig to At His command, I need not fear, call into exercise the 'principles of mercy He'll lead the way. and justice, resulting in rewards land punAnd theh a'loving Savior's smile", ishments for acts of this mortal life. Life evei lasting, free from sin; Complete moral rectitude will never come Stranger and pilgrim here awhile to man on earth until the marriage coveThen Seraph's hymn! nant is made and honored as one for time L. M. Hewlings. and for all eternity: never eiidihg and never to be violated;, and every soul have free access to it, not only as a natural inherent ETERNAL LAW right, but from the eternal fact that "the It is written of God that He has never man is not withont the woman nor the" wo- given unto man a temporal law, that His man without the man in the Lord." No laws are all spiritual, that tq Him all things eternal life but in the eternal law. ' v" r are spiritual. It therefore follows thatnhe S. W..R. at Orangeville, for the purpose of reorgan- A Convention was held would be a work without hope of reward, a work to which no reward could attach, as it would Ije without- - the elements of either hope or charity. Faith, Hope and Charity, these three abide; ,they are elements or attributes which must enter into all the works and deeds of men to make them works of righteousness; "asnduring aseternity May, iS, jS94, : ' in duration' through "all eternity, with the results of the work done. The intent, purpose, and deliberation should be in accord with'" the character of , ' i f .. .1.1the work, so that by virtue of actual merit fcupic, yunuuiitis aim gonuoias; ceremonjv the reward may The reward tragic scenes of Bargaining; Palaces of could hot be reasonably claimed without the extinct nobles;" Art and Artists; Farewell. intent and purpose, were an element of the uyron s unide iiaroi.d on Venice. I he , Shakespearean recital, "Forest work done, and - prompted the parties who T it-" "nn if " from Scene "Aq .did it: in full faith of acquiring benefits that would result therefrom. Any work, done by parties who are per-- , of tile" con- fectly jndifferent-orTregardleEMERY COUNTY W. S. A, sequences; is done without iaith in that work and without any righteous intent, be-.secure- Which has the patriotism in it? Which arouses your - patriotic! emotions? The ot ardent lover poetry in all its glory ,: is the one who can tell". Again, I ask, what must be the state of that"'soul which despised poetry, for, in this state of mind,-- - they can- uvi uppicciuic anyuung goou; pure, Deauu-fu- l or sublime. Shakespeare must have had in mind such a Ixdng when he said: -- j 1 f ev'rv mountain -From Let freedom ring." t -- wpzbZZ2 .The covenant, an.d oblhraiiU; an it things re not songs ana suuiiuer-cicuiui praises always put into1 poetry?; What. would thevbe in mere1 phraolotfy, nothing. There would be no sentiment about them. What would patriotic: songs be without thispoetie inspiration? AVould they. arouse any.sense of patriotism in you? For instance, I will give part of our national song, "America" in common language and then in its own musical rhythm -- r This country, wliere the first settlers met their death is mine'. I will sing of freedom from the mountains, to you,-- , (or) - being to-.spirit- ot thanks from the lly ' . ; -- - done so much in our favor at the Coiistitu- ; f Mrs. Jane C. Petersen asked the ladies to: accept her thanks for the honor conferred upon her, and solicited their aid. in making the Asscciaticn a success., Mrs. Tennie vurtis maue a lew remarks in accepting ice oosition of Vice President. Marv'Ar.ti .co. renson said we know there are political rights , for women, and it will cost some effort on our part to find out what they are. Delegate Robertson, of Orangeville, felt lionored to speak to the ladies of the Wo rn an 's S u ff rage Associ a t ion rrrelated'soTrieT-o- f the events that had transpired at the Convention at Salt Lake,in regard to equal rights for women with men, being adopted in the Constitution. The President will Organize Associations in each tow;n so all can be working in the good cause; Jane C; Petersen, Prest. - -- ' . , - .. Sarau A. Stapley, Sec. - 