v ' ROMAN'S T.he Wights f tierWo -- VOI,; ?4. n w.i LAKL CITY UTAHv CON I KM h; Letter TronNev York S. W. M A .Rich es - Pilgr jm Mgther'- - DiniCr-!ariila"ar di. ;. . .Happy Party-MJ. M. S. Irvine, Sec. - Aunt Km. I'. S. Wircox G.-L- izzie .J. Ladies bemi-monthl- T A pi:ine Laporte Lang - 1 NOVEMBKR 5 I?, T. I A . ViVl, 3ww Ui- - n e d -- ' 1S95. ten-minutes- , . ' But only on a woman's face An uncrowned monarch of our race. For her ten million hearts today Raise earnest prayer and praise on high; Prayer that she longer here may stay And see the early morning's gray Change slowly into rosy sky. e Praise for her busy years, Praise for.her labor, love and tears, . ; ' -- - four-scor- to tt good Of universal womanhood. Self-consecrat- Dickiiisoii'and-Olhers-tQQ-iiumer-o- structure builds, to.mark his place. The humblest slave beneath the sun, The serf whose work is Vever done, The lord and prince of proudest race, Each builds unconscious deed, Inspired by an immortal need, A of-th- re--ga- rd - . - Dear Elder Sister, thou hast wrought A monument which through the years Shall shine in majesty of thought, In moral power with wisdom fraught, And consolation free from fears; A monument of days long gone, . A palace of the present dawn, A beacon for the years to be , Unto our poor humanity! v Margherita Arlixa tt us -- e A viewless fabric which, shall be H is record through eff mity, o 1 Hamm. LETTER FROM NEW YORK. 48 Sands St. Brooklyn, N. Y. ' Nov. 1.4, 1S95. , "..x .SXrivTARY N. W. RHLIICF Sociictv,"" -- 1 . re-sol- For throne or Presidential chair, sun and stars look down upon r' VJ . 1 : No . f. , No cannon breaks the crystal day,. No chimes cast clamor on the air; No troops wheel past in glad array . To honor and their love display ... oe. IIAn w ' TO ELIZABETH CADY STANTON. S 1 -- . 1 K of-th- Khzabeth CaoVS4tnton--Margheri- ta Arlma i lamm. Thanksgiving New York Sun. - I - 1 1 1 , 1'oktk V: . I " Of Utah." The-Futur- I ; Hortense Mary Jones. Kditokial: Faith In ' L- - Hlit II d Alder. Ktuei society Conference Mar- ' gnret A. Came. Relief Society Reports. late ' W. S. A. Of Utah. Eternity Of God--- S. VV. A Richards. Ii Rural Kneland- v ait rv Lon. ciuded. R. S. & P. A Reports, Conference N: A. W. S. A. In Memoriam. Loukp In?- . " .Uk 1 Meetitif y LJ:t- l? UmQipr No. whit behind the cliieiest of tli to wSm" homage is paid. ;CU a very annronriht 1. , a t tv4Uvv., 3,1m iu nave Wishing you, and those prominently enserian capacity, for three tho.usand Uvolmn-dregaged with you as saviors among men, and nnie persons, and from the gallery life, peace and happiness; wcare your felboxes, binners with suitable mottoes and low. laborers for human redemption, other decorations added to. the attractiveness S.W. & M. A. Richards. of. the place, while in the .front.eentre of the platform was erected an arcli 'most beauti-lull- y L .decorated with ilowers, under which ui;ly 8,000 people, says ..Margherita Arlina was seated the lady Hamm, assembled in the Metropol5-taguest occasion, amp by her side the President of the Opera House in New York City to celebrate the 80th National Council, Mrs. Dickinson, anniversary of our delegates honored leader,birthday Elizabeth Cady Stanton. &c, occupied-- the spacious platform seat and were sold and at bqx promiscuously. It was eight, thirty p. m. Every an enormous advance. when the President Mrs. Dickinson tenderer In the centre of the were three an expression of welcome and greeting, and chairs of state, Mrs. platform Mary Lo e Dickinson, program proceedings commenced.. But only a portion of tfre program ap- president of the National Council of Wo' men sat in one, Miss Anthony in another, peared on the stage. It has been suggested and the central seat somewhat elevated, was previously that speakers should be allowed but lectures were read occupy- occupied by. Mrs. Stanton. Above its high red back appeard a ground - of white ing time, in one instance to twenty-fiv- e minutes, and others without restriction, so chrysanthemums with the word '"Stanton" by red carnations. Festoons of tint only a comparatively small part of the formed roses draped the chair. 7 One can easily im- program was realized. It is understood, however, that a Pamph- agine that l(r$. Stanton's fair, majestic face, let Avill be published, in which will appear with its aureole of white puffed hair, in this brilliant setting raade'a picture not soon to all tne addresses prepared lor the occasion, be forgotten. among them probably, one from the Utah The boxes and balcony seats had mostly delegation. Notice of Reception on the following day. been taken by representatives of different associations "and were decorated with their to be held at the Hotel-Savo- y, was given emblems and colors adding, greatly to the with invitation extended to those- who would be pleased to attend. At this, the splendor of the occasion. .' , Utah Delegation was present, and was corPkrhaps the most unique of the . many dially recognized by Ladies .Stanton," celebrations of Mrs. Stanton's birthday was 4ha 4 hehomeff issAdfdeXIoI Anthony. to mention. Mrs. Stanton and Miss The "White Nest" as it has been appropriAnthony especially spoke of their high ately termed, wa3 decorated upstairs with for the ladies of Utah, and wished a the various pictures of Mrs Stanton, and suitable remembrance. No public presenta-- " her beautiful bust illuminated down stairs tion ot the Unyx Box was made, but it seemed to &ave added glory for the occasion was mentioned among other presents which Miss Johnson gave readings, lasting two hours and a half, tonching the events of had been received. The whole affair was verj' pleasant and Mrs. Stanton's e ending withaJv-frr- " of Self." It was at the reception Mrs Dickinson announced addressesTT1ie-Solitudthat in 1906, five years hence, there would a dignified and beautiful commemoration be another similar event, and all were re- and interpretation of Mrs. Stanton and her quested to see that at that time their purses work. were well filled as well as their minds PILGRIM MOTHERS' DINNER. be, most grand affair. stored, for that,-tElder Barnes who with us visited the ComFor many years in New York city the: mittee, received a complimentary ticket and 2 st of December has been celebrated by a attended. The U tah delegation wore the colors, blue, set of men colqmemofatiiig the landing of white and gold, which represent the colors the Pilgrims. The celebration is called the of the Utah Ladies Banner. As you Will no "Pilgrim Father's Dinner." Women were when allowed to sit in the galleries and look on doubt be favored with the pamphlets r with - the addresses,- the sisters whilst the dinners were being eaten by the will then be able to express Uieir approval or men. A fewT years ago Lillie Devereux Rawsoh, Sonya Kovolevsky Woman Suffrage Column Nl F Thanksgiving Half A Century Azq L. I). . V. i;7i8 - H! 1 Rtckerr U. .M thcKights of; the Women of all Nations. they-appea- ' .BlakelPresidentof disipprovaLiiLjtke . " A. delegation, as representing' woman s Car-: Sister. Now-tha- t the occasion of rights and efforts, and the sure reward of ,V ion of the Pioneers and friends of those efforts Voji an ' s Progress, ' ' on the eightieth, f Permit us now to say that it was a pleasMrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton has ing opportunity for us, and we only, hope Pasicd'iuto history, as also the reception it may be quite satisfactory to those whom ne'ered ,her-o- n -- yesterday .at the Hotel we in person were honored to represent, Savoy, at which we were present, we send though not, assigned to any program duty to you a brief bT which our voice inemoraudum'' of some of the ' of the labor done Matures of that events ; could be heard in praise The letter of information and sug- under the most perfect organization known, gestions relative to our attendance, was and by the ladies of Utah, who are not a 'un the - - - - - . ; 1 birth-W-o- -- - Suffrage League, iiiauguarated the "Pil- grim Mothers' Dinner;" it has been a great success.; I have been invited to the next one and hope to be able to go and have written Mrs. Blake to that' effect. I wrote her that if there e ver Were a set of women who ought to be cemmemorated it is the Pilgrim Mothers, for in those dreadful days .they not only endured all that the Pilgrim lathers did, but had to endure the Pilgrim . Fathers themselves! Makriixa M. Riclkkr,-- - 