r. w. v c: A the women in that country lor euiaiuip She was ammnr the f )iontcr;. on ' u HAPPY PARTY. . v Tin: lUh. Woman's TieSs ' J for the election 0.1 cnicers ;ii::itiiL ::i;fim on Friday evening, November ,1.5th. at 'the HcL-- -- CUit heUrits orihciiuld.uC E. R' Shipp M. rttsrrrf'T frAu "previously ... . . . r .1" 1. ;.r ' .. 1.1. j ! I was in the chair and meeting opened with prayer by Mrs. E. J. StevensQiu v Roll call was answered by sentiments,, original or selected: and when' .the name of the treasurer C. C R. .Wells was called, she' responded ; by pre,nting'to me in ucuuu ui iu,c ?ui.iti , auj, a token ofiove and esteem; a boot of sentiments from various authors. Presb .The president J -- as give another .sentiment so soon. but felt to express her appreciation and thanks for- the token whiclr was a great surprise. After roll call themiuutesof the previous meeting were read and approved. Then the minutes of the last annual meeting were read. A motion was made by Honorary President E. B. Wells that the. officers for the ensuing year be elected by ballot.' Motion carried. The result was as follows:- E. 13. Wells, president; Xellie C. Taylor, first H. A. Badger, second E. R. Shipp, recording secretaxy; Edith Rossiter. assistant recording secretary: Ella V;. Hyde, corresponding secretary; Pluebe C. Young, treasurer. Program Committee for three months, Ruth M. Fox 'chairman, Eizzie S Wilcox and E. D. ' Alder. The busiuess being transacted, meetings adjourned until Nov. 30th. Some time was thru spent in, social en- joyment, conversation being interspersed with vocal and instrumental music and recitations. Tempting refreshments were served on small tables which were adorned with crysauthernumsaud bows of ribbon in theclnb-rolor.fnala vt rtr iv r a ml h el iot ror-1 .... ' The room was also decorated with these - -- vice-presiden- vice-preside- t; nt; " - v. Colors- - X . : Jnul . Iwirlf pnrh nlr-f- p nt tnhlp wnc n s pretty little souvenir, a card tied with of the club's colors, and bearing the rib-oou- following inscription: MY : ; , CONGENIAL FRIENDS iil s "W J :i'i.iju lliv X U. V. 1'. ';'' ' c. "As steel shafpeneth steel, so does the companionship of a frieni brighten the intellect." The spirit in congenial air ;. Ascends to greater heights,' The mind grows broad, and bright and fair, While thought takes lofty.flights. The"soul expands and conquers wrong, Fond hearts more softly beat; ' True friendship breathes an endless song To make our joy complete. -- v : Ellis R. Shipp. LAKe Nov. Salt 15th, iSgsf City, ' -- Jleta!i7alx!ing-originalndra-trae-e- x pression of" Mrs. Shipp' s feelings, found a ready response in the hearts of her guests. Eizzik S. Wilcox, Sec'y. - . The annual convention of the National-America- u W. S. A: will be held in Wash- ington Jan. 23-2- 9. 1 - SAITLAKIv CO. W. S. A. meeting held Aug. 20th,,-ithe Fourteenth Ward Hall, President E. B. Ferguson in the chair. Sang, "Oh ye fair ones." Prayer by Mrs. Fetvson Smith. Minutes' of May Sang, "Our Country." Minutes-o- f . : - WOMAN SUFl RAGE COEUMX.' the-luxurie- to. - n-.-u- lr ' 4 pie-Mue- "t.i'd uecessar)' to me." What thisjUj.solute necessity was is easily gathered from her own " Recollections'' as well as from the Biographical Sketch," and the whole story is a lesson bv which the thoticrhtful J. Nl. S. undoubtetlly wilPprolit. . , dent Shipp- did not expect v zmI every thijT' jjtyr which was absolutely in life except that ;tw5..irii- -- wheu ebple of. .Farr West metvith the Relief Society for the purpose ot surpns-- I ing their much esteemed secretary, Sister Christene Ilegsted, President M, A. Stephenson in charge of the affair. The .people all marched into her residence and were greeted .very. kindly by the much surprised sister, while tears of joy moistened the eyes of every one 'present. The House of Sister Ilegsted was filled to overflowing, so they proceeded to the meetinghouse, where "a large table was spread with of .life, after which a niany' of. program consisting of songs and recitations was rendered in a very pleasing manner, by some of the young ladies of the ward. This was followedby a speech from Presi: dent. M. A. Stephenson, "sisters we have met today for the purpose of showing our respect to our secretary, who has so faithfully served for the yimt fourteen years t and she' may rest assured, that we do appreciate : csreciall v .reouestinsr her presence, and after the formal business meeting, the affair ... , nt;rmtten ,dn(m the ' 'i:;the-sddet;" though. her sudden death ended her career hetore she tiau rcallxd her asuiratKm "WirsentT this small article" to you, hop ing that you will ixiscit'it. m IX . 1 her labor.- - meeting read and approved. Roll called'.-mansubjects were discussed, and question-- , answered by the president, who also read a chapter on the organizations of State Adjourned foi one 'month. Benediction M( E. Irvine. y Cu-stitution- " She lias been called to preside over the -A'ouug Eadies Association r and we wish her success in her future labors,"' and a Minutes of meeting held Oct. 151)1, tendered was vote her. of thanks President Ferguson in the chair. Sangt hearty A nice shawl was then presented to her, by "In Twilight Hours." Prayer by Jan- the members of the Relief Society t after Allbrand. Roll called, minutes" of 'August which she,' herself," made a lew remarks and meeting read and approved. The president tendered her resignation as secretar', and referred to Mrs. Stanton's, birthday, and thanked the sisters for their kindness to- asked Mary "P! Silver to report what the' ward her. president wished done in the matter,' found Some veryjeijeouraging- - remarks were the lad- - very busy , was asked to call again. made by Bishop W. F. McEntire and a fev Elizabeth M. Price gave her reason fur brethren present.. Benediction by P. C. thinking we should continue suffrage meetStephenson. ings, they were good. Adjourned for one Yours Truly, mouth. Benediction M. P. Silver. ...... ' . , , - Farr M. J. West Oct. 28, 1S95. . Rawson, Sec. SONYA KOVOEEYSKY. Minutes of meeting held Nov. 19th, in the Fourteenth Ward Hall, President E. B. Ferfusoti iti the chair.. Snnp., ''Proud 0 n.. ' rl Clj. o .oiaLcui-uici i ay ei , otaic i res:- iiiuiij . 11 TTf .11 .11 . is, tu ens. oang; liA ueiu, Roll called,' minutes read and approved.; President Ferguson mentioned that we had sent a telegram Mrs. Elizabeth Cady Stanton on her birthday, an nounced that this was our annual meeting for the election of - - officers,, hut in talking o en in p rvrhn fhriiuriit ffmit Over tliLfrLattjr further meetings unnecesary, would; like an expression from members. A number expressed their views but all wrere in favor of continuing, for another year at least. Stake President E, B. W'ellstold the ladies in regard to the Onyx Box which had. been' sent to Mrs'. Stanton," regretted more could not see it.v..; President Ferguson thought. we had better proceed to the election of officers, which was then done, resulting in the ladies being chosen. Kate H. G president; Delia W. Eardley, first C " This is a handsome and interesting vol- ume published by the Century Company, New York. It is the authorized "American edition of a work which, we believe, has ex cited a great deal of interest in Europe. It contains two parts. In the first .the gifted Russian lady tells of her experiences of child hood in her home, and she does this in a anneriarreveals the great genius that was at her command, , Her great power of analysis reveals the secrets of the heart of the child, secrets which are all more or less familiar, or were so at one period of life to human beings, no matter in what clime or under what circumstances they grew up to conscrousness of life; but we have never come across anybody who has so srrasoed these thoughts and sentiments in their very. miancy as this remarkable woman does in her "Recollections!" And she groups them and shapes them into lovely language pictures with an artistic sweetness and simplicity that shine through even the transla- twnhaenoiveome4dea-of-therea- l worth of the original. The second part of the volume contains a biographical sketch of Sonva b her friend the Duchess of Cajonello. In this the main features of her life are laid before the public. It is of special interest because the gifted Russian woman 'lived at a time, when' there was a general awakening Wong ? .1 , ('... T 1 J uur-wouuiry- fol-kHvin- roes-bec- vice-presiden- gr k, E. J. MacFarlaneV second t;' thirdwicepresident; Cassie C. Newman, Secretary: Mary P. SiIver"Treasurer. Mary J. Hoir a :""" uen, nairman ivxecutive Board. Martha Greames, Eliza V. Smith. Martha Baldwin, Jane Allbrand, members of the Board.- A rntp of thanks wTas given to the retiring officers. and other business transacted. Meeting ad-- ' routned for one month vice-preside- A j : E. M. Price, nt; M - " a- . : M. E. Irvine, . - Sec. , 