I VV- on Heber C. Kimball a anniKimball. family was, versary a reunion of the held in Whitney Hall, and Kimballs, older and younger came from far and near; and EMMElllNE If. WELLS, Editor and Publisher many old friend.-- and acquaintances ANNIE WELLS CANNON. Assistant Editor. the reunion by invitation, to honor the memory of one whose name will always Published monthly iu Salt Luke City. I'tnh. Term: necessarily be handed down to posterity in months, :0 ct. one copy on year, il.W, one copy closest connection with that of the great by No reduction mad- for club. City pap'-chieftain, Brig'cam Young. mail, xtr for postage oiif yKr, '25 rt. lin" The exercises at the hall were of a digniAdvertising iun. libA rl fied character, mu.ic excellent, and speeches space one time '..V; per month, f:.00. advTti'-rdiscount to " somewhat historical; perhaps the most notaand 2J, 2nd H.m.t HMi-KxroNKKT offi hour- - frum ble was that of the Governor of the State, . BusimBuilding, 40 North Main 10 a. ru. to r p. m., every day, except Sunday. His Excellency William Spry, who euloto communications Address all buMnem gized the mem ry of this great pioneer, and Mrs. L H. WELLS, exhorted his sons to follow his Salt Lake Citv, r n. earnestly nole example. The June conferences of the Young Ladies' K'ntfrrJ at thf Post (Hfir, in Silt Lnke City. I th and Young Men's Mutual Improvement Asm BfCOH't rlmx mtttttr. sociations were also of more than usual interest this year; they were numerously .at.Ii'Ni:, l'.MO. Salt Lakk Citv, Utah, tended arid seemingly great advancement is THE WOHAVS EXPONENT. being made in the work in which these young people are so earnestly engaged; which is This number of the i:iper ommences a very hopeful for Zion V future interests and new volume of the first woman's paper in welfare. the Rocky Mountain regi m It is also the These two organizations united in a refirst woman's paper in the West, that has ception held in their new and commodious been continued ho many years. SeveraJ apartments or headquarters in the Bishop's other papers edited and published by woBuilding, but the exercises and dancing were men have been started but have for some in the banqueting hall on the upper floor of However, we this substantial reason been discontinued. and handsome structure; can safely say without fear of contradiction the hall was decorated and fitted up suita that this paper has made: a good record in ble to such a momentous occasion. The assisting all the women of the West and es- reception was given more particularly in pecially the Latter day Saint women in honor of the oflicers and members from outkeeping up with woman's work along many side th& citv in the several stakes and of its various lines. branches of Zion, and that they might sociIn the work of the Relief Society it has of the festivities which would been particularly helpful, and in giving ally partake them nearer together than it is possisketches of notable women, who helped in bring ble to get in a meeting, or conference where the early days in organizing this great Relief there is more or less formality and really no . Society and other association?, the Y. time for becoming acquainted. I. A. and Primary. The music was excellent and the decorIn helping women in many ways too ations were in good taste, and a spirit of numerous to mention in detail; when Utah friendliness and gqod fellowship was the woni'Mi took part in the Columbian ExposiInvitations tion in 18D.) and other national affairs. prevailing feeling throughout. In the Woman's Suffrage Association and the w'ere extended to the oflicers of other organiNational Council of Women of the United zations and the presiding authorities of the Cburch to participate in the enjoyment of States, it was this little paper that rendered the evening and meet with the young peovaluable assistance, and the women of the from a distance who have not so many Church should sustain it more liberally and ple of this kind, as those who rehelp to make it a periodical much more opportunities side here. valuable than, it is at present, one they It has been currently reported that there would be proud to keep and to recommend. 'been- - more marriages this June than This number opens volume .'19. June have marks 38 years since its first publication. any previous record, whether that is correct We believe there are many women in the we are not prepared to say, but we know that there have been a great manyrand that RelieTSociety who do appreciate wHaTlHe is a hoDeful sign of the times; and certainly-thpaper has done in the past, and might be city is growing rapidly and fast becomhelpful by saying a word in its support a great center in this mountain region. financially, because that is the one thing ingThousands of tourists call at the Bureau lacking to make it a success. of Information and purchase our home literature, of which samples are daily given away also, and pnecan see on every hand that CURRENT EVENTS. Prejudice is; being gradually removed, notThe month of June, 1910,-habeen a withstanding the slanderous reports that are record month in many respects, here in Salt still being circulated. ';" : Lake City at least the weather has been deThe Primary Associations must not be lightful except for lack of rain, and many forgotten in connection with June festivities. pleasant and notable events have transpired, It is a very noticeable fact that the children First day of June the anniversay of the of the Latter-daSaints at the present day birth of the great pioneer, and founder of are being entertained and instructed Utah, Brigham Young, was appropriately that pertains to their best welfare in all The celebrated by his numerous family, with the sisters who are in his engaged, department usual rejoicing and diie ceremony i Tiave every facility and advantage possible Later on, the 14th of June, the anniversary toassist them all the lines and along methof the birth of Heber C, Kimball, the Couods that help to develop the best within the nselor and of Brigham Young, two child m mind men whose names will stand together in the ference of the and body. The annual conAssociations wa held history of the Church and of Utah through earty in JunePrimary and the officers came, many ti out all Woman's Expoherit - at-end- ed i r - ral-a- . L'n-- : ",,n-parl- U-- b - -- . r - Stn-et- , 1 L.-M- from Jong distances, and the Genof , eral officers spared no pains in entertaining as well as counseling 'them... A reception was held in the headquarters in the Bishop'g Building, and the upper room or banqueting hall was decorated with flags, banners and flowers, and made beautiful in every detail. The General President, Mrs. Louie B. Felt, who has served now thirty years, was shown every mark of respect possible. President Joseph F. Smith, himself in his remarks on the evening of the reception made special mention of her long service and inag nificent work. President Felt is. very ably assisted by Miss May Anderson, who relieves her of much of the responsibly and detail work, and Mrs. Clara Woodruff Beebe and the secretary, Mrs Olive D. Christensen, are specially qualified also, and the members of the Board who travel in the interest of the assoiations are very earnest and devoted women.' In speaking of this Primary work mention should be made of its founders and especially of Sister AureliaS. Rogers, who was instrumental in evolving the thought of an organization for the little people besides the Sunday School, feeling that was not quite adequate to all the needs of helpful teaching of the youngest of the chil The development of the dren of Zion. thought is in a large degree due to others. The evening devoted to the Primary wa? unique in its exercises and very pleasing; new games, new dances, new ways of treat ing subjects, were given by some of the young women who excel along these particular lines of training the infant mind. Altogether there was much variety and great improvement in the status of the work, and much interest we believe has been aroused by means of the display made of the efforts to teach by doing. . . ; y h'-ni- . EDITORIAL NOTES. At a recent meeting of the officers and General Board of the Relief Society held at their own headquarters in the.Bishop's Building, resolutions were adopted pledging the society to use its influence everywhere against the barbarous noises and ruinous employment of fire and gunpowder which has for some years past characterized the great general holiday of the nation. The Relief Society makes a direct appeal to its membership in all branches and stakes of this great philanthropic institution to stand for a sane and safe observance of the national holiday, as they do for peace and good order at all times. e - . s -- - y co-labor- er June 17th, 1910, was the 87th anniversary of the venerable and sister, Julia Cruse Howe A beautiful afternoon reception was tendered her by her sons and la w at the residence of C. R. daughters-iwell-belove- n Howe in the 17th Ward in this city.. The decorations were very artistic, flowers everywhere and the rooms were as pretty as if prepared for a bride. Such honor shown to the aged mother is very pleasing and an ex ample that it might be well for others to follow. Refreshments were served to all guests throughout the, afternoon by the young girls of the Howe family assisted by their young companions, and music instrumental and yocal added to the pleasure of those who called to pay their respects to this worthy woman; Sister Howe was in her labors for the public welfare until age and some of its natural' infirmities compelled her to relinquish one after an other of the "positions she had filled with . un--tirin- g: 1 