: . ; . : -- TO'ATivH'S cia!Jr 1 Hvflmritj Mothers must set the 10 tor meir uaugniers ionow. ' exauu" 7? e would oe aoie ip meet with the Praved exalted ones when we go on the other side, SUtt-Uiarioue nunier men read an us. Spirit abide with. i etaa. V. H . r 4 1 .... . . iwideiit Dalton. related some incidents during the trial of Brother Richeris that showed his great faith and What could tru?t in hid' Heavenly Father. hn'rv such comfort and trust but the that occurred eting the Itorj . E. Gospel?' "We Sist-- ajer (Gladys Baxter bore her testimony, to meet our loved, ones who have gone on the other side is to live Asked the blessings of the Lord on for it. ill tliH sisters, that we may be able to over Sister Caroline look each other's faults. Hoi ling felt the mothers needed the blessings of the Ird to guide them more than any said the only way and gu- - unt ary md one a" Hirtrr .Susie Morton bore her testimony to the goodness of the Lord toward her. Sister Oreta Combs said so many good thing- - for hope and comfort had beerl said, tj. ss. on that she hardly knew what she could 68 C- r add the only thing that had susAsked tained her in the past, few years. the blessing of the Lord on all the sisters She is ready to do all that is required of her, Sister Louisa Loveless bore her testimony. HaV been a Relief Society member for 55 The (iospel was - J e years. Elnora Jacobs would not feel satis lie if she went home without sayinc a few word. Her desires are for good and she is Said we should willing to obey counsel. never let the sun co down with feelincs of ill will against any one. Sister Marv Atkinson bore her testimcnv Si-sfe- I j 1 i ! i i prayed, with all the fervor of his soul, that 4Mi.aiA: rpmomU mem ai me last ,1.;,. v,lu numu reujemoer uay. Who can tell how oft li mm sm,l guarded that sacred spot, or how he, with thousands of his own brethren in the spirit . worm, rejoiced when they knew the tune had come which Xenhi had se-- in hi Hon: "And looked and beheld the Gentiles who was separated from among the seed of my brethren by the many water.--. And I beheld the Spirit of God that it came down and wrought upon the man; and he went forth up m the many waters, even unto the seed of my brethren who were in the promised land." The time had come, and the Spirit whose eye-ieverywhere, chose to rest upon a man in away sunny Italy Columbus, enamored of the seas, a designer of maps, whose lines he ever yearned to carry beyond the limited A spirit horizon of his own native land, inexplicable to him had rested upon him. A powerful influence dominating him with a spirit" of persistence which withstood the ridicule and jeers of those whom he importuned, and of the public in general, for the spice of many years, until finally a woman listened to and gave him sympathy and support, dropping the jewels from her royal fingers, raised her hand to help him. j u.i i 1 onginiti pwew. r exponent. 1 1 1 m a . v. n 1 fctory, Again jthe A oinan helped him on to glory. oft-repeat- ed And from the. position of laughing stock for the public, he became commander-in- chief of three small vessels, to carry him whither he might wander, even to otheJ climes and kies anew, until he might satis- fy the longing of his soul to set his feet on -- some unknown lend. Led by a mighty faith, some invisible and made other remarks. Counselor Rebecca E. Weatherston was magnet drawing him on until finally his so pleased that all of the sisters had re eyes beheld the Promised Land, and he saw sponded so readily in rising to bear their the shores of the same great continent which testimonies. Said let us do all the good we had been discovered by the family of Lehi can. and as little harm as possible. Be kind hundreds of years before. to. the mothers who gave us birth, for we The very breezes welcomed him by hold- will not always have them with us. Prayed ing the flag of Spain aloft in their embrace ehe would hold steadfast to the end. that The natives, realizing as little the meaning she would be able to meet her loved ones on of that fluttering banner as did Columbus the other side. Prayed God to bless us all. understand the magnitude rjf the work he Centuries have passed, Sister Helena Jensen spoke of Sister Bath- - had accomplished. sheba Smith being the only living sister who and we ask in what way have the native was at the first Relief Society meeting organ- - children of this vast continent been bene fitted bv the numerous colonizers who have iz' 'd; that we have always been under the direction of one of the sisters who was at followed on the ocean trail of Columbus? The ''mysterious ways' of Providence that first meeting. Sister Mary Atkinson then read a letter have drawn from Spain and diffused among from the Exponent, written by Sister Bath- - the more numerous powerful tribes two in ba W. Smith, to the officers of the Relief estimable blessings. 1 he bpamsh language has been as connecting wires between vil Society. and antag- - J Closed by singing Come,- come ye lages and cities long estranged Saints. ' Benediction, Sister Helena Jensen. onistic to each other, the uatnonc priests did a commendable work in their, untiring Mary Atkinson, Acting Sec. zeal to teach them a language which was a Of great factor in bringing the inhabitants Mexico together and uniting mem in organ THE LAMANITE REMEMBERED. If she did not send the ising government. When the Prophet Moroni had finished fullness of the true faith she sent them what 'us records and lain them away, in their ever.remantsot it sne na.u m uer.pussessiuu. sepulchre of stone on the side of the Hill She announced to them me existence oi a Cumorah, the last rav of eo3rel truth upon Redeemer, even though she despoiled them t::is continfint hA hpn fintomrmdv and and remunerated herself richly for the glim- them. he had thrown around. of of al r Villi nrh?rh .i - ..v iiuvi wvou-ui-f rf iUa iii j nf licrht iiiv" Irrfor "n tucoiuvvij have incalculable ood as a snhli two paved. thft midst Thftsft blessings worx. X1 Perhaps, one of the Men a to greater largest eemetene3 the way toat this earth had ever known. . three-sma- ll ships of Columbus marked the Moroni. wav for mishtier ones, so these Diessmgs or tn wMn alnno nnrl vpf. n his tearful Pvpa atiil rvoA nnnn thp slflvprs lnnatiaae and a belief in the savior have of all the of the Nephite nation, he knew they were his opened the way for a fullness kindred. ; , AnH wViiin ho xxrothprl thpm' tp- - blpflsins of the gospel was indespensible A universal language cde, as they wondered away in disorganized , ' -- iH 111 11 i iirn i i TTTT i r, im ri wir inroi i! iimtm hiiii i i . . . . i h . i 11 fr 'Tr . - i i r i 4 they contain, which w)tild h ivti beeiuitterly impractible in their hostile and divided condition. ;imid tlic confusion of 'their numerous and degraded dhlects. The prayer of Moroni has beem remem bered, ar.d the way has been opened for the salvation of the. remnant of the seed of the Lamanite. May we, who are in possession of the s acred record, be as diligent and have as much zeal for them as did the Catholic church in giving them the most musical and sublime of all modern languages. S. T. Bkimiiall Folk v. , aine . f AUTOBIOO RAPHY. lAVi: AM) TKAVELS OF NANCY (Continned fiojn .mge M. TKACY. IV.i.) My ninth and last son was born the 10th of June, in 1854. Charles Albert, my second son living, was called to go among the Lamanite.s, and then my eldest son, Eli A., the place where they went. Thejv-tiallewent Fort Supply, but in the winter Fli.the eldest, was brought home very s;ck with His wife, Eliza A. Tracy, mountain fever. stayed with me, for they had married the He was brought home Christmas before. very sick, and lay in a low state for a long time, but good nursing, such as a wife and mother can give, brought him all right in due time. In the spring he went back and took his wife with him, and their first child was born. while they were there. When the child was six months old they came home. In the spring of 1857, April 25, Mosiah, This 'grieved our son, went to California. us sorely and caused us to mourn. If we had buried him by the side of his brother.. we would Mot have felt as we did under the circumstances that lie went away undercut he d became dissatisfied with whatliad transpired and, to use his own language, he said, under existing circumstance?, he could not st?y here. His father said, as he bid him good-by- , that he would never see him again, and he never did. This spring we moved back on our farm from the Fort. My husband was eick a good deal of the time, and did not like to travel back and forth to see after his work, so we came back in September the 18th. 1857. My first daughter was born, this being my tenth child. It being our first gir, we thought to .give 'her a long name Jary Ellen Naomi. That winter the brethren were out nearly the whole .winter keeping back Johnston's army, but' my lrusband's health was so poor It was the he could not go with the rest. first time he had ever stayed behind when there had been any trouble, he was constant- ly worrying and fretting because he could not go with the brethren; he was too sick.. In the spring of" '58 word came from our leaders that we were all to move south, so we had no seed put in the ground", because we did not expect to be here to harvest,. and if the army came in to take "possession the people were intending to commit the whole to the flames before they should possess the dwellings and houses of the Saints; and after the desert had been subdued from a wild waste. and made to yield abundantly and bloom with the bounties of the earth. I say the Saints were going to make one general sacrifice. There w:ere, men left to watch their movements while the oamts were - .p ' v t t s - - iir j iiiiiinir in ill M T'':'"rT? v 