WOMAN'S 1 01 greatest treasure cu uiiiu uy ooecil' nc totheirmotherf teachings he guarded If 1 ag the andH-viriu- e livts . ence throvmh life from evil deeds and he Uhe righteous examples to their fellow men. jjow the influence of one good man might l)e the means of reforming a community. jfH ave timely warnings to the young women in their profession, urging them whilst ah,iys to be cool and calm in their work, f.fnn fl llill t Tnif it- sinnsm f danger to life to call in the best assistance obtainable, if expert help is not at hand to h;uv advice from those wo' "hold authority His remarks ami g't the best aid possible. were listened to with utmost attention and would most certainly give inspiration and aiuistance to those who heard him. After a duet by Miss Kelly and Mrs. Peterson, Sister Annie Wells Cannon representing the (ieneral Hoard, then made an address which we would like to give in full but space will scarcely permit of that, so we reproduce it in part, on onother page of the paper. This was followed hy Sister Beatie making some very happy remarks to the class and company and mentioning with thanks the assistance rendered the class by many of the leading physicians, Drs. Smullion,Allen, Cannon, Snow, Wright;- Faust, Skoltield, Mrs. Wilcox and Dusenbury and the able assistance of Miss Lucy Van Cott in the Domestic Science Work. Sister Williams then called upon the class for a rising, vote of thanks to Dr. Roberts for her patient aud Miss Woolley, one of the careful teaching. graduates, then presented Dr. Roberts with an elegant cut glass bowl filled with sweet peas from the class as a mark of their affecDr. Roberts briefly tion and appreciation. replied; after singing ''Doxology," the exercises were closed by prayer by Elder B. H. Roberts, after which a social hour was spent in conversation and congratulations thus closing another year's Work in the Relief Society Nurse Class. a . . . i.i nitur c til - - A. W. C. STORY OF A CENTURY. Paper by Emmeline Ii. Wells.. together with the mechanical devic'Tmf hidden forces "controlled by man's activity, through ingenuity and skill. And yet we have not reached the goal of expectation, earth still has secrets to unfold, the dawn of light lias come, hut not the full hlaze of mid-daMan has discovered, invented, and with magnificent " v . . f t m 7tmth IlliirV ClOUS Sllf'CPKM it of unseen force, his not Vet , ; be There are still heights to climb, labyrinths to search, the lamps that man has lighted are but the stars of promise, the hud of expectation has not yet come to flower, and yet we have had many surprises, through the ingenuity of man, led by the faint light that is penetrating the darkness of the h y. that I and first event in the century shall open with in the disconnected story I have to tell, is the advent of a Prophet, born early in the nineteenth century, and with him and his future rests the foundation of the renewal of light or the coming dawn that will ultimately light the world. The Father and the Son appeared in a glorious vision to Joseph, the boy prophet, revealing the Gospel, restoring the Holy Priesthood and establishing the work of God upon the earth. The splendor of this vision, the importance of its messagep its acceptance and the fidelity with which it as been received has established and delivered to mankind communication between the heavens and the earth, the diffusion of and "ght intelligence of which this event was the center, has been the, influence and impelling force working among the nations, and upon mankind to bring about the mar- cvcuih wnicn mam tne past ceniury, as far beyond all others in the uplifting of : "umanity. , We boast of great achievements, flights. .of science, and .the control of unseen forces.. ui8coyeries, developments, inventions al- ' ; most J!1 . innumerable, in medicine, .in aurgerv. steam and in electricity, that is not only .... i 1 1 1 1 v " r - v Great improvements have been made in music, one of the divinest of all gifts, in the instruments, in tone, composition and execution, until one almost feels we have reached the highest point in instrumental skill and in the cultivation of the human voice. In education, along all lines there been has marvelous progress, in art, too, in its most intricate details, even though we do go back to the Greeks for models. Paris and Berlin have come to the front in this last century with masterpieces that reveal genius in painting and sculpture that awaken the highest anticipations for the future. Improvements and developments in the subtle science of psychology, in the unfolding of wo'iderful mental powers of activity, until one aghast as it were at that whicn is vet.- to be. and- one can imagine the 7n time coming, when we shall see as we are seen and know as we are known. Great advancement in astronomical observation and improvement in telescopes by which heavenly bodies are made more tangible or are hrought nearer to our vision, though not close enough to discern much of the nature of them, but many discoveries of stars of less and lesser magnitude and comets have appeared at intervals and since the advent of the Prophet Joseph, ten or twelve comet? haye been visible. Then we must remember that we have had wars and battles and great losses, the movement causing the secession of the South, volcanoes producing destruction and consternation, the great war of the Crimea, in 1854 5 when we first heard of voluntary nurses, Florence Nightingale, who led the way and Clara Barton of the Red Cross, both of whom are still living, and the awakening among women, which had its origin in the movement made by the Prophet Joseph Smith in organizing the Relief Society in Xauvoo, Illinois, March 17.1842, which opened a new era for womankmd the world over, the Woman's Right's agitation came soon after, the first great convention being held in Seneca Falls, New York, July st-iiid- s , y 1848., We are in the habit of saying in the days of our grandmothers,-wheeverything was done by hand and in the home, and really it has been almost wholly in the nineteenth century we have had factories for weaving, spinning and dyeing, and the primitive methods were so dear that people objected articles;. sewing machine?, to" machine-matypewriters and such modern devices, all inventions, and presses run by steam, typesetting; wondrous things have come to pass, that were' never dreamed of fn our philosophy. The first steamer on the Hudson river 1307, first steamer to cross the Atlantic 1819; we travel now not only on the surface of the land and water, by steamn d labor-savin- g ship, automobile and railroad, hut beneath the rivers through tuniiels, under the sea in submarines and throng he air by aero- planes. have electric light, heat and cooking thereby, gas and kerosine.oil was considered wonderful as an improvement over tallow candles and whale oil of early years in the e -- - world. anti-slaver- The greatest .EXOOMEN, - irv 'iriL ii. fv ii ii.ii a.iii rr 71 iiii before; long ago there was thelodestone and the rubbed amber, and no oife could have been made (to believe) that out of this, or from this could hr.ve come the wireless telephone, the working of electric signals by electro magnets electric signalling or telegraph. .In 183.") and 1837 the first needle telegraph waf set up in England, but its utility firs! publicly demonstrated in 1842, now we have the telephone, phonograph, wireless telegraphy, that goes through ocean waves ami penetrates walls of brick and 6tone and compasses the world, communication above and below, and ere long the whole earth will be girdled with wire com- munication. There seems innumerable things to mention, elevators instead of climbing stairs, and in building, instead of primitive meth ods, there is teel and concrete construction, sky scrapers, though not yet in this age have men attempted a" tower of Babel to reach the heavens. In summing up the story of the century we must consider the expansion of the nations. Great Britain under Victoria, (and Edward VII) with Palmerston. Peeh Gladstone, Disraeli, and Salisbury, in its coloniesEast India, Australasia, Africa and the Canadas, and its control of Egypt has become the mightiest empire in the world. The consolidation affected by Victor Emanuel, Cavour, Garibaldi, of the petty kingdoms of Italy and the domination of the state and the pretended? rule of the Catholic Church has made of United Italy a kingdom of beneficence to its people freeing 'millions who are today the laborers of all nations. War created the Ger- The man empire, uniting tne Kingdoms and principalities of the Teutonic race in a nation of the first rank in power.civilization and productiveness. The inspiration of that strong man Diaz, has made Mexico a nation of influence,-- an instrument to bring about the purposes of God concerning the descendants of Lehi. The islands of the sea have not escaped the influence of the Spirit of God brought into the world by Himself, and so Japan has become a power in civilization andthe Philippines a land of freedom. The last vestige of the rule of kings has been driven from the Land of Promise, in the final expulsion of Spain and its hateful Romanism, leaving Cuba free. The development of our own country, its expansion by acquiring territory rom sea to sea, and finally in creating free states, from all its territory, the overthrow of slavery and unification of the states through the baptism of blood in the civil war, the development of the West with all its Wonexercise of derful natural-riche- s; power that a free people could not help but acquire, by the practice of industry, and the arts, has brought pur glorious countfytoth of the nations, the leader of them all." Greatest in all that makes nations -- v:r great. In the education of the people in almost every country tremendous progress has been -' Franco-Prussia- n . the-wi- se fore-fro- nt . 