::;( XPQNENX vtoman'SJe: ' A' -r--r . ;, . w.. ..... .v. - i ."viiir f.. . r - r ' : .. . Phebe A.M. It were; enough to send thy fame ringing t'. Ur Afternoon service, convened at 2 p. m., compiled ' and read by Sec, .r -.; McNiei; the ages. President' Mary J. R. West presiding . rendered. then was A ladies' chorus Jint grander yet awaits thee:" )rjginal paper, "Education of JVomen," ' The General Relief r Society conference Thou shalt in time to forte assist ' in' freeing.'... bv Sister Luhr J. Smith. woman "Remarks ly Sister Ila.tdeJIarkcr. There was reported in brief by President Benson, Fr(im all restraining shackles ' which, yet cn- Relief Society circle her about; are other duties besides keeping the also gave a description of the in the who builciing. rooms mother Conventions, The Bishop's prejudices, senseless fashions, .'" clean. home spotlessly to raise her 'up hut holfls seems that officers all And Relief General andNLocal Society passes away and leaves, a family of honodown. her rable children will be remembered longer were sustained. from gaining amr' adorning, Preventing her Singing. "Sing we now aj parting.'' than the: mother, who neglects her children The loftier, summits. of a,, nobler .womanhood. . Benediction by Counselor Hannah Thou shah encourage, strengthen, lead herto keep her house clean. The children are Along the steep and thorny path which she better off in the home- circle than running must climb the streets. Protect your sons and Session. To Afternoon grander realms of t nought, a broader vM.n, ters. J5e companions with them, enter into . A wider scope of action, clearer light. The Stake Presidency and members of innoarc is that see the their pleasures, and they great rcgenerThen, since the woman Council were present. High nower. ntivp cent pleasures. Singing, "Come, let us anew." Uplifted and renewel the race inevitablv 'must Music by President Ida Rhoten of Shum-wa- y Pratt. Elder .KAY. Prayer, Ward.. with thy fellow organizations Somewhere." "Sometime. Singing, and "aids unto the nriesthor auxiliaries As Taylor Relief Society reported by Sister A lecture on Tithing was given. by Linda The counselor. first Ellen Bates, Still must thou labor for the right. Society N. Benson. The spread of truth, the welfare of the whole. was in good condition. btitHhe average atPiano solo, Georgia Dalley. T usher in the oreat millennial dav. tendance could .be improved. Recitation, Enoch Nelson, entitled "The To social niQjherliood thou wilt yet attain, Remarks by President Samuel F, Smith, Continuum the relief of physical distress, E. R" Snow. by Ship," for the Stake of sisters the Commended Relief of moral sufTerintr. social wrong, thou Counselor Jos. S. Geddes took up the lecwhat commented then wilt undertake. their loyalty. vAlso upon - also spokevon on and ture Tithing,spoker Humanity calls upon thee to relieve, the crush- Sister flarker had said, "that all women incr burden Temperance. should be virtuous, and the greatest dire Of oppression and injustice which doth Ladies' chorus, "Count your blessings." earth is that of motherhood. Every weigh it down. D. Goslind spoke on the Chas. Counselor -- child she bore added her. Then here upon thy glorious natal day, Prayed beauty to in the on Church, dwelling briefly Whilst thou lookest back with joy and pride . God to 'bless- the mothers and all the Relief system the first principles, emphasizing the Word of Upon the toilsome path whhich thou hast climbed, Society workers. ' Forget not upward still to cast thine eve She Wisdom.Remarks by Sistef Iattie Jensen and, gaining, President Geo. C. Parkinson spoke of the To heights thou yet shaltall scale, who watch thy also spoke of a woman's, great mission in Make clear the way to carrying out of God's purposes on earth, , bearing and rearing children, The husband dwelt follow in evils on the of who must the and sisterhood Earth's intemperance mighty show should love and caress the wife, and thy steps. thereof, spoke of the power jof the her hr, fHxk slie-- hi, letter-- cure. Adams' Gtt4immsev. -in and enwhat a woman Priesthood, ways be devoted to her husband. As joyed the blessings of the same. March 17. defy Saints we should Strive to be examBenson President all that had ejidorsert ples. Get your children's confidencejn been of words said, gave encouragement to grow to be companions with them. all. NOTES AND NEWS. Spoke of our girls being attracted by smooth be "God with till we meet Singing, inyou gentlemanly actions on account of their - ' Mrs. Harriet Taylor Upton s book, 'The nocence. Talk plain and teach them how again." Conference adjourned for six months. History of the Western Reserve," has just to protect their virtue and their bodies. come, .from the press. Benediction, Elder Crosham. If we live up to the requirements of the -- Piiei From childhood Mrs. Upton has been inMcNiel. Sec. Gospel we will be able to overcome all obterested in. the history of this northern part stacles. of Ohio. She has collected valuable maRemarks by President James M. Flake: terial in the way of old manuscripts, and PAST AND FUTURE. We always need encouragement to help us has gathered quite a library on the do our duties at all times. Asked God's, Relief Society, ah well art thou named! Mrs, Upton dedicates her work to blessings upon our righteous efforts and up- - Thy mission! has ever been one oFsuccor; Comfort land cheer have been thy watchwords; her father in the following words : on our Relief Society. To minister unto the afflicted to bind up the 'T dedicate these volumes to my father, Closing remarks by President Mary J R. broken hearted, j&ho believes that, since women as well as West : Was pleased to know that God had To aid the needy and the distressed in all tEe" and are the builders of our comblessed us so much. And thanked the sisland, Skillful liave been the hands of thy workers, monwealth, they are entitled to all its rights ters who had come so far to visit us. ." To fashion fabrics unto useful forms. ancl privileges. I am thankful to him for Singing, ''Praise to the man." and thrift have characterized thv memIndustry having pointed out the. way to me." Prayer by Jenet M. Smith? bers; -- . - ; V ' ' - . , - . ' ' : ' , - m lick-leso- n. - , - i . be-Thu- s , ' , -- mis-sioV- ' on - 1 : pro-cres- that--he-lov- turn-shoul- es child-hooda- ; d ; nd . subject. men-wer- " " Laura Bird, hast thou ever been; independent, thine assistance freelv without return. Giving Stake Secretary. Not pleasure, but "pleasure in duty" .has been thy motto, ONEIDA STAKE. And when the workof thy hands was completed, Thou hast not given thyself to idle recreation. . Morning Session. V . But ever hast thou turned mind to study.' The Oneida Stake Relief Society met in For wisdom and knowledgethy hast thou sought. annual conference on May 7,1910, Presi- ,ln good books and in counsel together. To what, then, shall we liken thee? dent Louisa ll. Benson presiding. To a colony of ants, toiling indefatigably; Singing, "O ye mountains high."-To a hive of bees gathering jhe golden honey Of wisdom, and from thvtrecious store, Prayer, Julia Roper. Sweetening the daily life of all around thee. '"Prayer is the soul's sincere this has been thy history one long Jabor of ... love. Address of Welcome, Lucy D. Parkinson., , President Benson expressed disappointment at not having any of the General Board present; but joy in seeing and meeting with her sisters. Explained that it was due. to a misunderstanding of dates that' we had no 67-- 69 " ; .' .'' visitors. , Self-support- ed Mrs. Upton is Avell known to many Utah women and surely our people will be interested in a book written of the State where so many of them lived and built a temple. Mrs. Charles 1. Penrose, leader of the Pennsylvania Association. Opposed to Suffrage, is not at all disconcerted by the acof Washcession of suffrage in te ington. "What the. Western people think or do matters very little in America' she states. "If it were' Pennsylvania, that would be another story' Philadelphia Press. . -- " ; de-sir- e. the-Sta- R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. , ' - ' ,. A detailed sketch, giving all dates of organization, etc., of the R. S. of the stake was 71 OUR SPECIALTY Street, Salt Lake City LADIES' GARMENTS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION: READY-TO-WEA- R s, - TRY US . 