06 flW";;u "'r.w equal to her day, ana sue admonition and valuable instructions nave with Aiier ui emergency. fortiude every . the iov of jdi lif e.and hayeconetant ly to "in-go- od earnest commenced the family "me along to guide been a silent monitor for the journey to America, the land prepare . life's journey," of their adoption. The time set was April, December married was Miss Cjuikshank ree 1854, and accordingly all the arrangements the 22, 1813 to William Morrison m the Kev were made preparatory to leaving England. Presbyterian Kirk at Aberdeen by church In the faltof 1S"3 her father came to make of that minister a David Simpson, he of a visit and take a last farewell, and of which she was a member. She speaks thought perhaps he :ould prevail upon them, her husband as a young man of Rood reputheir views on religious, jnatters; tation who had many noble qualities of to change he found he was mistaken, failhead and heart, he also had received the but in this and was ing in this he tried to get his daughter to education classical of a advantages not to see her mother again, but she a fine Latin scholar, and the young couple consent would not at any price, and soon after he with youth, life's together journey began Mrs Morrison with her two health and much happiness and bright pros- returned home, of 1841 little girls, and her motherless nephew, left pects before them. In the spring visit in Devonshire.her the husband received an appointment m to pay her mother a in Aberdeen and Her Majesty's Dockyard, Shumess, Kent, youngest brother was living she" visited them all and had a most delightEngland, and they moved there and on to the October .'0 of that year a son was born to ful time. Her mother would listen and was greatly benefitted .them, he was named Arthur iiruce Morrison, .Gospel reasoning At last the hour of with the conversations. nothing transpired to mar the pleasure beloved the home for about three years, then the came when she must part with her mother and the parting was most painful, husband was taken very ill and in too shed applied for a Temoval which Her she never saw her again, her fatherwitnessed Mijesty granted immediately, and they re- tears, something she had never moved to Woolwich, where they lived for before in all her life. However he found she had a will of her owTn, and could not be gome years. In the summer of ISIS, Mrs. Morrison persuaded from tlie right path even by him, made a visit to the home of her childhood, he confessed he was proud of her but could Aberdeen, Scotland, the home gathering not see things in the light that she did, yet was a joyful one, while the large company he admired her courage and her paients I hn - irwl" - - nf w a liar he of relatives were seated at dinner after the arrival of Sister Morrison and the child, one of he Aunts remarked "What a sweet boy that is," when most unexpectedly the reply was made, "I'm not a boy, I'm a man,'1 he being the first grandchild in the family. About six weeks later another son was born to Mrs. Morrison and named Andrew Cruikshank Morrison, and soon the mother began to think of returning home with her two beautiful boys, and now came the first trying ordeal. The eldest son was taken with scarlet fever and died on his birthday Oct. 31 1848, this was her first great sorrow. It seemed the way was being opened for a new era in their life history. In the month of November they heard the Gospel preached by Elder Thomas Bradshaw, and believing in the divine authenticity of the work, and with a firm determination to serve God and keep His commandments unitedly, they were baptized for the remission of sins and had hands laid on them for the reception of the Holy Ghost. With the signs following this great event, their aim was to gather to Zion and their future course was shaped accordingly. To the writer such incidents in the lives of our people are very interesting, and the Lord's dealings with those, whom He has called to serve Him and do His work in these latter days. Many circumstances transpired about this time in Mrs. Morrison's father's family that had a direct Mrs. bearing- upon their future welfare. Morrison's father received an appointment that caused him' to break up his home in Scotland and move to Dartmoor, Devonshire, England,, and with his family he made a new home there: in the meantime, sis- 4 ar iDnKnl In , a T J HP C rtnm.ins) iw iMucua uittincu mi. uanies. i region and came to reside-- near the Morrisons in Woolwich; her death occurred in Feb. 18.52, this was a great sorrow, and about that time a daughter was born to Mrs. Morrison, this was her second daughter, both her beautiful boys had died and she felt her sorrow was more than she could endure, but the Lord in his mercy'and goodness' gave her strength . show-plainl- y - hr : . ii a me summing pax club, mm nrought uorn sunsnuie.iu iucu uumo uu wuic, uui.mey were only permitted to enjoy her sweet com-- , pany for a short period, in November of the same year they were robbed of that little 10 blossom by death. is very painful to contemplate It the sufferings of the Saints in tose early journeyings from distant- home--' , but Sister Morrison's experiences fitted her to be an instrument in the hands of the Lord to comfort and console many thousands during her In the spring of 1856, Brother and Sister Morrison again turned their faces Zionward. life-wor- k. ' . conse-quence'- n'- -' tt i (To be Continued.) (JEA1S FROM MARY JOHNSTON. I know women have, many of them, a sin- uous, an indirect way of approaching and of obtaining the object or the end which perhaps they desire. It is a. grave fault r their gravest. But, who is responsible for it? Today, from half the pulpits of the land, by the press, by whom not, woman is told, "Continue as yon Pursue' the methods you were forced are! to use when you were the cowering mate of Do a savage half as strong again as you! 'as you did when you were Elizabeth of Hungary, and your lord demanded what you carried gathered in your apron. Say as you said then, "Hoses," although, in fact, it is Do as you did when bread for the poor! Petition; you were Godiva of Coventry. and however degrading a price your lord exacts for the lifted tax, pay it! Beg; and if refused, manoeuvre!" It is not improbable that the phrase which, in the next few vears, will become most distasteful to a naturally both said their constant aspiration should be for fier future happiness ana prosperity, and if ever she was in need of help to call on them and they would help her to the extent of their ability. Just before leaving England Mrs. Morrison received a letter frem her mother containing some very pathetic verses, expressing her great love and good wishes also entering into the deepest and straightforward woman in parting with emotions of the mother-hear- t and there are hundrfds of thousands of one dearer than life itself. Sister Morrison says in a sketch written such will be the phrase"indirect influence.'' for reference, "I loved my mother with a Man will remain the more dynamic, womlove unspeakable and hope sh& will be the infirst to greet me with my husband and an the more static. He will discover, veil Tina" when my spirit leaves this earthly vent, adorn, draw aside. inch by inch the from the face of knowledge, build the ship, body." "Tina'' was her youngest daughter build the the lighthouse, the muwhose death she mourned deeply. As with the birds, The Morrisons sailed from Liverpool, seum, and the temple. he has the richer song, the more brilliant England, on the Qermanieus, on the 6th of She will conserve the species; April, 1854, the journey acrosa, the Atlantic plumage. will instruct the youth of both sexes, and. was long and tedious, eleven weeks from she date of starting before they reached New to a large extent the reins of administrationof will fall into her hands. One generation Orleans, all were in good health, not one of she the family had been not an hour, practical training, and as- admistrator the next day the party sailed for St. Louis - will be the equal-o- f man;- two "generations, and were two weeks on the Mississippi river, and she will be his superior. when reaching their destination, the passWomen make able sovereigns. The wiswere not engers permitted to land, but the dom of Pericles was largely the wisdom of boat was towed back to a small island near Elizabeth of England will bal- - ' Aspasia. by where they had to remain by order of ance Charles the Fifth, atherine the Sec-- , the authorities, and they had only been there ond balance .Frederick the Great; Victoria one day when the people began to take Franz Joseph. The list of great sovsick and in one week's time 80 persons died equal is The list ; of women who ereigns long. of cholera. Sister Morrison had a severe have been the power behind the throne is attack but through the rrjercy of God she the list of able consorts and regents is was restored to. health, a petition' was sent long; long, and the list of women who have influ- to the authorities to allow the people to enced the king's ministers is. long. Here is leave that "dreadful place,but in many cases native ability, innate power; and, like murit was, too late for disease aid hrVM ifa der, it will is really no reason to victims and many were doomed to an earlv suppose that in a democracy a woman would grave, and among the number were Sister not do well as a as a member Morrison's two darling girls and the orphaned of the board of health, or even, at a pinch, son of her sister, they all'three lay side by asa mayor. Maternal instinct is a curious side in ti e Holy Ghost cemetery-i- n St Louis thing. . It is something like nature in that it her sorrow was great, left can care", with a whole-soule- d Sorely, intensity, fr childless in a strange land broken, down in one little honey-bewinging its way toward body, she says, "it seemed to her then as if a clover blossom; and also, by a simple act. nothing. could compensate, for the loss she of expansion, for all the bees in' the hive, had sustained," yet the Lord was mindful and all the clover in the field? self-respecti- ng sea-wal- l, , . -- sea-sic- t k, -- . 1 out.-The- re town-councilo- r, e : -- 