WOMAN'S EXPONENT; 3 JcnfV dent? to get tK'e'youVg"' mothers oulfol!fe7e meetings; she knew we would gain just as .much and live as long as those who work for means; told of the Granite Stake Relief the' had missionaries to visit the outride world, two sisters to visit the wards and how they managed, and if there was anything better than we have to adopt it in our meetings and try to improve a little every year. "Lead the sisters in love, and drop a kind word or give a smile, it costs notiiing and does a great deal of good." See to the little things of life, and be waiting or looking for the big things. Warned mothers to look after their children, keep your arms around them for it is easier to hold them than to bring them back. We are all tried in some way or another. Spoke of the wheat question, advised the sisters to take care of everything given to them and prepare for a day of scarcity. She was glad to hear the reports of such unity and love bework, ee tween officers and. Biihops, thought it was right. Prayed a blessing on all. Bishop Parkes addressed the conference, he had felt impressed to come tc this meet Said implicit faith in God was the one jreat thing for us, for without it we could not accomplish the work we desired to do. Compared the Church to a great machinery, everything must be in Us place and work properly or it won't go; said it is so with us, perfect love and harmony must prevail in order to gain that eternal salvation we are all working for, the theory and the actual experience is given to us, and how careful we should follow this plan. Said it was beautiful to belong to such an organization, and unless we improved we will degenerate and go down. Referred to Mr. Harriman who has just died, he had left his wealth behind him and he cared very little for his soul's salvation, and would it not have been ing. better for-him-- to- have-balancedu- marks,' complimented the Voters on the noble work they were'doing. President J: W. Or J had enjoyed the remarks of the sisters ami felt the suggestion' from them to send out missionares was a good one, as there were many who were not making thin work a part of their lives, and it takes action and sacrifice to live as we should live; gave good advice to mothers, and bore a faithful tMimony to this work. hail listened with great Rishop l'ettign-interest to tin remarks of the visiting sisters, said there was no one more capable of carrying on this work and taking care of the wheat than the M.tei, he could always rely on them; hoped they would continue in their noble work. Sifter James felt there had been so. many good things touched upon she wnfild not detract from that, but she desired to encourage the sisters to so plan their work that (hey might attend their meetings; advised the mothers to do away with so much fancy cooking and ironing rutles, warnedlfyem to look after their children; never go to bed and leave them out and they will thank us when they are older. President Chappell felt we had had a most glorious meeting and food for rejection; hoped all would be renewed and have a desire to attend these meetings; spoke in very high terms of her board of officers and their willingness to do anything she asked of them; told of the beautiful organ the Second Ward had bought with their Sunday eggs, and hoped we would continue. Meeting adjourned for six months. Singing, "The Sun that Declines." Prayer by Counselor Priscilla Lunt. Sakaii Cole, Secretary. REORGANIZATION. phis spiritual affairs along with that wealth. Prayed a blessing on all. President Chappell stated after singing and prayer meeting would adjourn until 2 p. m. Minutes of afternoon session September Sing17th, President Chappelle presiding. sustained were officers ing, prayer, etc. The ' by unanimous yote. President Lena Elert reported the Mona Ward as being in prosperous condition. Sister Minnie H. James said she had enjoyed listening to the reports; they had come to try and give a svord of encouragement and to see how we were getting along. She thought if we would send missionaries to visit those who do not attend and invite them specially, more of the mothers would come out to these meetings. Told ' us to try and find out what each one was most adapted to, then give them that to do, and while we want the young we need the old too, for" we want their wisdom. Spoke "of the excellent way we have of storing our grain. Anything that was a help to us was the thing we needed, and we often have a contrast to make us appreciate what we have; thought that if we associated together more We "would know each other better, and have a broader view of everything; told us to' appreciate ; what: we have and ' not desire to change, while it is hard to do a great many things, it may be just what we need after all. Said if she had dropped a word of .encouragement to anyone she was paid for the effort she had m ade. Prayed the spirit of our woTk would be with u?. Sister S. A. Cazier favored us with a song. Bishop Taylor of Levan; made a few re- - MEttORlAfl. IN : Sketch and resolution of respect to the memory of Sier Mary A. Klison, who departed this life Dec. 2S, 1909, at her home in Deeeret, Utah, at the age of 5 years. .', She was a faithful member of the Church until her death. AIfo an active member And teacher in our Relief Society for yearn. She was, always on hand at her post of duty, especially in looking after the sick and aged. She was also a great lover of children, and was joyed and respected by all who knew her. Was a woman of great faith and integrity to the Gospel, her testimony' was always bright, her faith Her life was worthy of emulawas unwavering. for. was she tion, always active in the service of thy Lord. We esteem it a pleasant duty to testify of her faithfulness, as she has left a record that would, be hard'to. surpass. She endeared herself to the children as well as the older people. We cannot help missing those who are near and dear, it is only natural; yet we would not call them back. We" must not grieve the Holy Spirit, but cherish its Our dear sister of whom we write has finished her mission here on earth and has made her eall-inand election sure.we believe, but it is only our duty to record the life and works of a woman like Sister F.lison. She lived a beautiful and serene life, and has gone to meet her loved ones, her noble husband, to whom she gave her affections, also her children -- who have gone bfore. divine-influence- . g RESOLUTIONS. Therefore be it resolved that we, the sisters of the Relief Society "do sincerely sympathize with the bereaved family, and we mourn for one who was in every respect worthy of our love and esteem. Resolved that in her death we recognize the loss of a true Saint and a faithful worker, and express our hopes that though she has left us for a short time, yet it is well with her. For "she has fought the good fight and has kept the faith, and there is a crown of righteousness awaiting her in the Kingdom of God. She has gone, but to a rest so sweet, To all the faithful given, 0 may we earn through earthly life TJiesajmeBweetblis8 jn heaven. -- The 25th Ward Relief Society of Pioneer, Stake was reorganized on Tuesday, Feb. lr 1910, Catherine White presiding. After the usual opening exercises Bishop Carl A. Ek, was present, also Stake President of the Relief Society j Annie Wells Cannon and her Board, Clara Clawson, Louie Giauque and Amelia Cutler, were there for the purpose of Catherine reorganizing the Relief Society. 'White, former president, and Flora P. Nielsen, First Counselor, were honorabl released,-havinbeen faithful workers since the 25th Ward was organized, eight years ago. Sister Edna Sullivan was chosen president arid Sister Julia Robinson, formerly Second Counselor, was chosen , for First Counselor, and Sister Eliza Lockyear was chosen for Second Counselor; Sister Emma Andrus was retained as Secretary, and Sister Su?ie Strubeek as Treasurer. Bishop Ek then spoke to the sisters for a few moments, followed by President Annie W. Cannon, Louie Giauque and Amelia Cutler, all praising the work of the retiring officers. The new officers were then set onorf hvRishnn . Ek. and a rising vote of thanks to the retiring officers was called for, which waF unanimously responuea w. Rnnkfi a few moments.t cvfrtT. wViif a ' kjioici h Ji'tv thpn will to the sisters, and said her heart was in the work and her desire was to see the Relief Society grow and prosper. The new officers each spoke a few mo- TOhiph thft mppt.inp'0 - was- ftfl- Iljcii , aitci " journed by singing and benediction by ox V Bishop Cnrl A. Kk. ' . -- 1 , ; . ... - L : - ; . 'Emma Andrus, St c. . May her devoted life on earth Of patience, hope and love, Aid us to gain that prize of worth, From him who rules above. Resolved that the resolutions be placed on the record of our ward Relief Society and that they be published in the Woman's Exponent, and a copy be sent to the bereaved family. Signed. Otlicers and Members of the Relief Society of Peseret, Utah. AUTOBIOGRAPHY. life and travels of nancy m. tka:y. (Continuation from page 2(3.) school and meetings and the The winter passed off very agreeably. In the dance, and the Saints would go forth Spirit of God was with them, and we felt to rejoicefor there was none in our midst to prohibit us from worshiping God according to the dictates of our conscience. ,,; and" had our We did not fear enemies, tne rea men ior our ueignuuro; nuu uir.y Our old Nau-- . were very civil that' winter. voq friend, Amos Davis, came through and called on us. He was traveling through to KanesvihV with goods. We made him as comfortable as we could, and he was glad to see us. When he left he gave us tea. sugar and rice that lasted all winter, to us in those. close We felt It a ''.::'-times. We did not leave this place as we expected in the spring. We lived here for three We had -- God-sen- d 'v''""-- ' : .'', 