jV H V i f WOMAN'S EXPONENT - "r f size of an English walnut), "but ' I fear the "knife,"- she said. I who was also, there under a 'great suspense could appreciate her feelings. I raged her to have faith, then said, "If we Avtrre only at home that you might receive a bluing before undergoing the ordeal!" Or that it could "be removed without it may-bthe knife." ' Sister, can I not get a blessing here?" she said. I referred her to the presiding Elder, who said, "certainly, sister;" then to me, "take her up into your little nnjn and give her.a blessing." At Clerkcn-wel- l, after. evening meeting and I her visit as soon. as she had unwas to just the operation. dergone S'ext day my suspense ended in a dread certainty as regards George's baby, for the letter saia ne naa aiea. ueorge himsclt I wrote to President Ly was critically ill man who said, "Do not go, sister, if you dok you will always regret it. It would take you over two weeks to get home and you might meet your son walking down the" street when you arrived, but if you feel you cannot remain I. will give you an honorable release to return." During this time I had not heard from the sister, but one day on returning to headquarters behold she came walking to ward me, a happy smile on her face. "Can vm walk so soon?" "I did not have it re moved," she said, "It simply disappeared!" Avd she was well. The joy this incident gave me enabled me to hear the trial I was under, so that when a letter came saying things were well again at home. I was almost overcome A letter came from Watford, they wanted the President to send a missionary sister down there. They had been troubled by an e spirit, the Elders had been mobbed, ete. "Are you afraid to eo." asked the President. "Not i ft you send me," I replied So to Watford I went and the months I spent there were now ended.' My daughter May had finished her school year and came over to me there, which was a great, com fort to me. We were to go to the new headquarters, 97 Farleigh Road, when we reached London, and felt so thankful . for the great improvement. At home in our own pretentious dwelling after the many years of renting undesirable 36 Penton bt, '"London, mamma," May calls out, "have you been dreaming all this time?" "Only a day dream, May." Lydia D. Alder. about-th- e ; - 'en-c- e -- . ww-part- ed apo-tat- THE LADY WITH THE LAMP. This poem is the poet Longfelloufs tribute to the midnight vigil of the heroine of the Crimea, Florence Nightingale. Lo! in that house of misery A Jady with. a lamp I see Pass through the glimmering gloom And flit from room to room. And slow, as in a dream of bliss, to kiss ThespchksssufTerersJurn ' Uer shadow as it falls Upon the darkening walls. On England's annals through the long Hereafter of her speech and That light its rays shall cast rrom portals of the past. A lady with a lamp shall stand In the,: great- history of the land : A noble type of good Heroic womanhood. naners are Mlinp- over aain the teauti ful of Florence Nightingale' s $tory life. It deserves to be written in letters f gold: Yet some of these very same pa- - on ; assert tomorrow that "the best women do not want - to vote." Florence Nightingale was a suffragist, as wVll a's a pers-.wu- i pioneer in trained nursing. A voice When Eliza- beth BlackwelJ whs pursuing her medical studies in London, Miss Nightingale, then a young lady living-ahome, used to come and sit with her in' her little room, and talk with her of her own wish to become a doctor, and of how keenly she felt the limitations that hedged in women's activities upon every side. There were "Antis" in those days, too, on the subject of women in the t -- hospitals. When Florence Nightingale and her band of nurses, went out to the Crimea, Mary Russell Mitford called them "'notoriety-seeking ladies," and declared that male nurses would le much more useful. But wisdom is justified of her children. Ex. , THE UNBOUNDED SPHERE. By Alice Cameron Voorhis. What are the "duties" of "woman's snhere?" To hearten those anguished by life's grim fear; To mother a nation of babbling sonc: To cherish the world's sad little ofies. Ah! voices of the weak and the despised, Breat? forth in singing, for your day has . come! The darkest hour is by the dawn sur0rised. And' those that wander, they are nearest home. Sad voices sob and fall, But never cease to call. For do ye not throb with the sacred, strain That calls on man to join in brotherhood; And do ye not rise on strong wings of pain, To save true woman through her motherhood? Down at life's portal of dread she learns The unselfish love, and, mayhap, returns e To tenderly, nourish the world-wide Thus training for maternity. Ah, brothers.sisters, greet man-to-b- These voices strange and sweet! Greet every trembling voice of dawning day; The voices whispering through the rustling To bind her powers to one narrow plan Were a loss to God and a shame to man. Her "duties," encourage peace; Her freedom but heralds the world's release. self-chose- V"r " I hear of toilers in tlje heart Of city's gloom,, whp crave for leave to live, And work and'dic, like men; who claim their ' . part ; ' In this world's heritage. Shall we notgive-A' answer to that cry Lest patience in them die? Another voice I hear a woman's wail For. sister women trampled under foot Out of GoiI' likeness: crushetf outsicle the pale That shelters happier ones. Lo! at the root Of womanhood's ideal Creeps the low real! After it'eome in surging waves of sound The women's voices all with "Set us free! Too long the slave of slaves; too long the round ... , Of sacrifice unconscious daily we Invoke. We, too, would rise Through conscious sacrifice!" reeds, The voices singing through the swirling spray, The voices murmuring through the swelling n, seeds, One song, one hope they hymn Though song and hope seem" dim. THE LIGHT 15 SHININO ON. Roe. By Mrs. Carine L. S. RESOLUTIONS. Resolutions of Respect to the memory of Sister Sarah Ward HickenIoopert who departtd this life July 12, 1910, after a brief illness. Sister Hickenlooper was born on the 8th of July, 1819, in Leicester, Leicestershire, England, and emigrated to Utah in 1850. She was married to Bishop William Hickenlooper on Nov. 11th, of the same year. She was the mother of four children, three of whom preceded her to the other side, the last being a scTg thirty-on- e years of age; this was a severe trial, but she bore it with great fortitude and resignation, as she did every other test that was made of her faith. She shared in all the difficulties and afflictions which the Saints were forced to under- - . go in the early settlement of these valleys. At the time of the move south she remained behind to take care of sister Robbins, a sick woman who could not be moved, and was left practically alone, showing the courage of which she was Tune: "Bathe Hymn of the Republic." I have seen the grand uprising that is spreading through the land, It heralds the good tidings that the kingdom is at hand, The day when men and women in full comradeship shall stand, The light is shining on. Chorus ' Glory, glory, hallelujah! Glory, glory, hallelujah! Glory, glory, hallelujah! The light is shining on. The father and the mother shall unite for truth and right: A little child shall lead them forth to visions fair and bright; The home will be more holy and the world have less of night, The light is shining on. Equality and freedom is the gospel of today, Throughout the world it's spreading with an ever widening ray, Fraternity the guiding star that leads the Christ like way, The light is shining on. ;.;;. By Dora B. Monteflore : .. 7 r the dawning day, Hark to the voices-ovoices The whispering througn tne rustling reeds. The voices .swirling through the surging spray, 'The voices murmuring m the swelling, seeas: One song, one hope they hymn, ';,- Though song and hope seem dim. f .' . . She was a member of the Sixth Ward Relief Society in Salt Lake City, from its first organization, and during that time held the. positions of teacher and treasurer, both of which she filled with honor to herself'and satisfaction to those she labored with. And we, the officers and members of-- the Sixth Ward Relief Society, feel to acknowledge the hand of God in her removal that she was . permitted to depart without any severe suffering or distress that her last moments were peaceful and serene. And, be it Resolved, That we treasure injour hearts th many noble traits of character which she that we strive to rememberrthe many which she. has borne, and frvnf testimonieswhich she has set among us; the. noble example her many virtues, and emulate to strive we that we that Jives so shape our may merit the exaltation which we feel Jsure she has 'attained to -through her integritv to the truth. be Resolved, That a cony of these resolutions presented to the familv, recorded in 'our minutes. and one sent to the "Woman's Exponent for publication. Pi est. pos-sesse- hi-Mki- Voices. possessed. . ' -- burning for the long Then keep the watch-fire- s and dreary night. Will change to golden morning, lo! the dawn is bright. of glory will flame out for noon the And soon ; human right, . The light is shining on. , 1 " -- Ellen Rs Watson Alice Butter worth, Margaret LeaTHAM, Couns. Esther H. fx Watson, SecX d; , n 