WOMANS EXPONENT, aj '. -' , . .. ' ""l Ji f . , , . . i iau. "Urv r'. or fashions tlrat .such styles and who imagine to apor their A, attractiveness add to their EMMEL1NE 11. WELLS, Editor and Publisher pearance.AXXIE WELLS CAXXOX. sUtistant Editor. The girl in the past, and not so very long ago either, thought a fine Terms: , Published monthly in Salt Lake Citjt, Uuh. head of hair was her crowning glory, but one cony "one year, f 1.00: one copy six liionths, 50cts. now that is all changed. It must be unNo reduction made for clubs. City papels delivered by o;irls, healthy, and why our dear, beautiful mall, extra for postage one year, 25 ots, ' trained iff the correct modes of living and Advertising rates: Each square, teilines of A liberal space one time 2.50; per month, $300. of dress, should desire out of the way styles discount to regular advertisers. 2d ftyor IJUhop'a in costumes one is at a loss to imagine. Exponent offire rooms 28 and 2'J, RiiHinr'SH' u hours from m Vni, rln Ktr.j.f But aside from its being unbecoming, and 10 a. ra. to 5 p. ra.f every day, except bunday. and nonsensical, there is to us as hurtful, to business all communications Address .Latter-da- y Saints another more serious side Mrs. E. H. WELLS, it is the spiritual side. We Salt.Lakeitit, Utah. tQ'the subject: have been warned and forewarned against following the fashions of the world, and Entered at the Tost Office in Salt Lake City. Utah the Bible and Book of Mormon, in the ntost at teeond elan matter. serious way, proclaim the consequences of whose minds and October, 1910 following after those Salt Lake City, Utah. hearts are set on these varn. "arid foolish . . old-fashion- . ed , , mi rich nmnnrr 'niir vmnrr V ..,i or even the older ones, but that the bless- ings that follow right living and upright conduct in all our affairs may continue to abide in our midst and that we as a people may escape the contaminating influences of those who live for self. ..ftnrl 'tr non-pari- . :; things. Let your garments be plain and the workmanship the beauty of your own handiwork. A great deal has lecn said and written This we have heard always, and it has come in fact and our by many to be a universal maxim. people cejotly by in and Eastern writers and English speakers It is still fresh in the minds of our middle-age- d exthe about and newspapers journals women of today, how strenuous Prestremes of women 'and girls in the way of ident Brigham Young was on this matter dress, style of hats, and wearing the hair. of dress, and how averse he was to any of The fashions, or some of them,' at least, are our people, and especially his own daughhideous, not to say ridiculous as well, and ters, following what he termed the vain and it is really alarming to the thoughtful and silly fashions of the world. lest there should be evil conRetrenchment was 4)hc watchword for sequences. some years, andTptfetrenHing them when Tlmse. who believe ia.jrntJicUyejn.-tCwe took' back upon those day in the "sev have gone out of date altogether; never-thelc- s enties, seems almost a burlesque compared it is the girl or the woman in simto what wc really ought to retrench from ple costume that is most attractive and innowadays, either in dress or modes of liv- deed more charming and artistic. mer. Without alluding to all the extremes that And it introduces too into our midst an prevail at the present time, just one or two element of caste which we should never things are terrifying, to say the least. The foster or encourage, as Latter-da- y Saints. hobble skirts, that seems the extreme of is not the spirit or sentiment of the It nonsense, and renders the wearer liable to true Gospel of the Savior, and we who peraccidents, if moving about at all,. and what mit such an influence and do not try to dis sweet, pretty young woman should put on it hold cannot ourselves guiltless. courage any trammel that would hinder her from talk We of much the simple life, but how having perfect freedom of ; action,, seems few. practice it. It is said of some of us very strange. The shorter skirts of late who try to maintain that to be plain and years have been a great comfort, all who neat in our dress is all that is essential, "0 wore them could move more freely and were no well, you are longer young and you dp not in danger of carrying dirt and dust not feel this as we do because you are 'out of about as when long dresses were in vogue, the swim.'" That maybe so, too; in a certainly it was a step in the right direction, way, but the Prophets and.seers and now comes the hobble skirt; however any us the word of the Lord on gave woman may content herself with thinking these subjects, and the Scriptures in which the hobbie skirt becoming or graceful, it can we as a people, implicitly believe, tell us never become a universal fashion. But the hats that havebecome so popu- plainly what will befall the daughters of 2ion in the last days. "The calamities oclar are awkward and objectionable; they casioned by sin." One of these says, "Thereoccupy too much space ; there is nothing fore the Lord ; will smite: with a scab the graceful or elegant about these enormous crown of the head of the daughters otZion," hats, and" as for the heads, one would think etc.- .. ; they would ache' incessantly ; and were they Read the third chapter oi Isaiah, even comfortable to the wearer, they, arc with the 16th verse. - , very disagreeable to other people in close In very many respects it would even be proximity,; although it is scarcely possible, to get very near to the person with one of better, for us to goback to the primitive ways of the Puritans than to follow the outthese enormous hats. landish prevailing fashions of today, that are And the head underneath, with its puffs and its rats,, and where clid it all come making such class distinctions that are fatal from? Even though onexould be sure of to our best, interests and in direct opposition this false hair, or puffs or braids, or rats, to the spirit and genius of the Gospel. of our : or whatever name it may be called, it is Lord and Savior. The Lord will chasten us' unwholesome for the brain anyway ; , and severely, there is no doubt, if we by holding our peace likelyto produce disease, if not death. ; it over. Let pass those It is really grievous to those who take these excesses will these dreadful fashions into consideration to leadto among our Wine o I people lift a warning voice ;and seek to EXTREMES IN DRESS. 4 . sober-minde- d, L reve-lato- rs . cbm-mencr- ' . -- -- r - " 7 ng JULIA WARD HOWE. The past century has produced many' men and women of renown in various fields of advancement ; and among women of culture and literary achievement none stood higher in our estimation, of did more meritorious work than Julia Ward Howe, who died recently in her ninety-secon- d year. She to" the time of her continued in public life up departure to the "better land.J fulfilling duties and obligations that were essential to the welfare of men and women, in promoting the best interests and tending to the highest cultivation of all that is uplifting in the elements of progress, in the homes of the people and in this free land. ' The galaxy ofv great people with whom her life had been associated is broken up, and nearly all have gone on before, and have "crossed the boundary that we call time." Clara Barton of the Red Cross and Caroline M. Severance, one of the very first founders of literary societies and coteries, these two of t hat pexio(L3re still, living. Clara Barton near Boston, and Mrs. Scv-- . erance in Pasadena. Perhaps no other woman of her time is so well known at home and abroad as Mrs. ' Julia Ward Howe. Her most famous hvmn, "The Battle Hymn of the Republic,"' has been sung in several languages in many lands. , Julia Ward Howe was born in New May 27, 1819, she was the daughter of Samuel Ward and Julia (Cutler) Ward. Her father was descended from Roger Williams, and Governor Samuel Ward of Rhode Island, who was a member of the. First and Second Continental Congresses. Her mother was of Huguenot blood and was a grand-nieof General Francis, Marion, known in the Revolution as "The swamp fox of South Carolina Little Julias mother died when Julia was five years old. Her father was a man of wealth and influence, the first presi- dent of the Bank of Commerce. New York, and a founder of the University of the City of New York.' He was interested in. various lines of philanthropy and is said to have founded the earliest temperance society in v America. It would be useless to attempt telling of Mrs. Howe's life work in a brief newspaper article, Much': has been written of her in the magazines and periodicals of the day, and during the time jof her life ; she has published : several books, written manv poems, and has been connected with news-- ; papers especially w;omen's papers for the last forty years, and, she has been president; of the New England Women's' Club many years, this club antedated, Sororis, she was one of the. leading members of the Radical Club and df the Town and County Club of Newport, a lecturer at the Concord School of Philosophy and drew its. biggest of the Au- auaiences;. andvwas death! thor'sCluh till her York-City- ce . ' ; ; - for-year- s . 