WAY V ) n V if - The linllnt 7T A . TV in the hands of the Women of :s. Vol. - If ah .should be a Power to better the Home, the tiate and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MAY, 1910. No. 10. CONTENTS. President Bathsheba W. Smith, Portrait 1910 Birthday Anniversary, May 3, iVaw Meetings ba W Smith, a Tribute.,.... K. H. W, Hathi-h- t Honr to Ketiring Oilicers Story Aiidrt't a i B. Wells ...Etnmeline Century At K 73 73 74 t) 75 i t to Kelief Society Nurse School (irad- Annie Wells Cannon, 7S unts... Kfluf Society Stake Keports: Alpine (Concluded) E.B.W. A Krmarkable Woman K.litoria!: 71) 7. Celebrated People. 7H II. Wells 7U Graduating Exercises of Relief Society Nurse Class , : A. W. C. 70 70 75, 80 In .Mciiioriam and News Julia Ward Howe Poetry: Life's Voyage Tapestry Weavers ijueet and Message.... Kmmeline IL Wells Ndtt-j- ? 7if 73 75 Mi PfJ-'- : .'v H 7 LIFE'S VOYAOE. By Mrs. I Julia Ward Howe. have made a voyage upon a golden river, 'Neath clouds of opal and or amethyst. Along its banks bright shapes were moving ever, And threatening shadows melted into mist. 51 MM W some still haven My journey nears its close-- in My bark shali find its anchorage of rest, When the kind hand which every good has given, Opening with wider grace shall give the best. PRESIDENT. BATHSHEBA W. SMITH. TAPESTRY WEAVERS. No lesson can braver be, sang several old fashioned favorites, "Alary of Argyle, buver Threads Among tle Gold and others. The exercises beeran with the hymn Our Mountain Home so Dear," prayer by President Francis M. Lyman. Address President Joseph P. Smith, who Bpoke most affectionately of his dear Aunt Bathsheba,recounting some of his childhood recollections of the home his uncle, President George A. Smith, church historian, and Aunt Bathsheba occupied, tb many known now only as the "Old Historian's Office; he paid a beautiful tribute to her motherly tenderness and her many virtues and excellent attributes as wife, mother, and saint, and alluded to her Temple work for so many years and her faithful discharge of religious duties and obligations as well as allothers in family or public life. He gave some brief reminiscences of childhood, and experiences as a missionary when very young on the Sand- Most of our readers know the name significant it seems of excellence: Bathsheba W. Smith; she was born May 3, 1822, and on Monday, May 3, 1910, was eighty-eigh- t of the ways of the tapestry weavers, On the other side of the 6ea. Above their head the pattern hangs, They study it with care, The while their .fingers deftly weave, Their eyes are fastened there. They tell this curious thing besides, Of the patient plodding weaver, He works on the wrong side evermore, But works for the right side ever. It is only when his work is jdone, And the web is loosed and turned, That he sees the real handiwork His marvelous skill has learned. Ah, the sight of its delicate beauty!; How it pays him for alUts cost! No rarer, daintier wrork than his Wa ever done by the frost. MAY 3. 1910. BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY, Let us take to ourselves a lesson, and the General Board of the Relief Society gave a party in her honor on that day in the Relief Society headquarters in the grand new building. It was a very enjoyable affair and quite in keeping with the lady's own views of such t occasions; she wanted her own relatives and particular friends invited. The rooms were artistically decorated and all the arrangements were made with a view and desire to honor her, and show reverence to her long life of labor and usefulness in every sphere she has been called to fill. She looked queenly in her shimmering white home made silk dress and elegant, xlainty laces and her beautiful smooth white hahMvith a real lace scarf gracefully thrown over her head added much to the . stately dignity of her appearance. "PrftRidetirJohri Henry Smith was Master of Ceremonies and maintained the dignity Professor John of the occasion admirably. J. McLellan gave a pianosolo and some other exquisite musical selections; Cliye's to the musical, string band were there to add Lizzie-Thof part of the program. Mrs, Edward, with her beautiful soprano voice, r ; -- JD ie yea rso fm an are nature's looms, Let down from the place of the sun, Wherein we are weaving alway, Till the mystic work is dxme. . Sometimes blindly but weaving surely, Each for himself his fate; We may not" see how the right side looks, We; must often weave and wait. New England Magazine. -- mas , wich Islands, -- that were quite pathetic, exr pressed himself as deeply interested in the Relief Society and his ardent desire was to see it accomplish its great mission and des- tiny. ...;:...'. L:."LC Response: President Bathsheba W. Smith welcomed the friends and relatives assem- n words, rejoiced to bled in a few see them all under such prosperous, circumkeep stances, felt she wantethem the faith and be true to "the covenants they well-chose- ajo ; 