1 ' 1 n 1 l IU . hi 11 I 7 1 UIVIAN 3 Ballot vi the hands of the Women of Utah should 77, be a Twer to letter the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT JwKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER 1910 Vol. 39. No. 3. CONTENTS. V4 1 Page Portrait (Bathsheba W. Smith) Bathsheba in the House of the Lord .. . L L. Greene Richards . ...E. B. W. A l oving Tribute Mii.mary Experiences. ... Lydia D. Alder ... The hady with the Lamp. .... ; .. . A Si-- "7 17 --- -- -- 1 ttire and education, it is not in any way surprising that from the time of the first work which was Informed in the Salt -- Lake until the ginning of the illness which terminated her mortal existence, she was ever anxious to le in her place in that holy edifice, and missed there on very few occasions during "more than seventeen years, since the temple's dedication. L. L. Greene Richards. y hr Ui A 17 i7 18 19 19, 24 graphical Sketch of the Life of Alzina Willcs.... J. P. M. p. Life of of the Eunice S'atch Billings 21 Sums , . . . 22 In- Honor of Kii;' Society Stake Reports: Retiring Officers, Yellowstone, Big ' Horn'." Uintah 23. 24' - f and News IMil-riIn Mcmoriam Impressive Services N'..:e 21, 20 al: 21 Song. .. Louisa L. Greene Richards Unbounded Sphere Alice Cameron Voorhis .' The Light is Shining On Mrs. Carrie L. S, Rose You Dora B. Monteflore I.. 24 !; v: 17 The . 9 . 19. 19 A LOVINO SON(i. PRESIDENT eighty-firs- Tune: t birthday, May 3, IQ03. Thy smile, like happy sunshine, We ever love to greet; !y voice, which breathes of holy things, In accents low and sweet; W'"rds from the Prophet Joseph's tongue, Of inspiration true, In other days, when thou wert young, I J In "beautiful Nauvoo." A PORTRAIT. chorus: A queenly woman, statuesque and grand, Regal in manner, courteous in command. Of reverential presence, and her face Radiantly fair, beaming with hope and grace, Her vibrant life' one long sweet symphony Of duty, love and soulful harmony. Our sister dear, and mother. With prophets and apostles Thy favored path hath led; In sacred places thou hast stood, Where heav'nly angels tread; And when with sorrow and distress, Weighed down thy soul hath felt, I 'ie Holy Ghost in tenderness Hath with thee richly dwelt. iS SISTER BATHSHEBA IN THE HOUSE OF THE LORD. day, the anniversary Of that which gave thee birth, We find with thee a quiet joy Which far exceedeth mirth; peaceful, holy influence, Which love and truth impart; fie cbild-lik- e faith and innocence That guide the pure in heart. . fco many shifting seasons Thy feet have meekly trod, JLiduchange4iath Great as was the love of this noble and gifted woman, Bathsheba W. Bigler Smith, for the beautiful .works of charity which pertain to the mission of our Relief Society, her devotion to the special labors of salvation and redemption for the children of God in his Holy House seemed, if possible,' earnest. and untiring, and more richly and perfectly enjoyed. Having begun to acquire a knowledge of the sacred ordinances of the House of the Lord under the direct instructions of the Prophet Joseph, unto whom the perfect and wonderful plan was revealed by the Lord himself, and having administered in those ordinances in the- Nauvoo, St; George, and Salt Lake .Temples, her understanding and comprehension of the. magnitude, and grandeur of the work might well be so far reaching that her appreciation of and love for it could not be otherwise than great indeed. And so. well was she fitted for such both by na- angelic and loving employment, even-mor- A - to- - brought-thee-near- er The presence of thy Godl - ; , Yet many more glad years, we trust, Thou shalt on' earth remain; .;.'-; 'mong the sanctified and Just, " With thy great husband rein. ' Louisa L. Greene Ri hards. -- -- With the tears that dim our eyes, and the love that weik up in our hearts for the beloved President just departed to that "better land" there is also mingled a sort of triumphant joy, at the thought of her glorious entrance into the presence of the royal victors, who have gone on before to the higher court, and who were there, no doubt, to bid her, whom we miss from our midst, a joyous wel-- . come to the heavenly paradise of peace and rest. , "My Mother Dear." Our gentle friend, our lady fair, BATHSHEBA W.' SMITH. For our beloved President Bathsheba IV. Smith, lirr TRIBUTE. e "No long dark night is there, No light from sun or silvery moon is given ; But Christ the Lamb of God all bright and fair, Illurnes the city with effulgence rare, . The glorious light of heaven." No words of, ours, however tender, can express the love in our hearts for the faithful and true woman of whom "we are now bereft; we know and realize that we cannot have her with us here again, but her living presence has so permeated our lives, that we shall ever feel, that she is a part of all our movements in the great work for womanhood with' which she has so many years been identified; yes, from its 'very inception; no other woman of all the chosen few who met together on that memorable occasion, when the Prophet of the Lord declared in unmistakeable terms that the time haliorqielbprgnlze the sisters of the Church for higher development. Three score and eight years Sister Bathsheba V. Smith has been connected with the Relief Society. For more than half a century she has stood a pillar of strength in ' ;. . 