ad theuenerai uoaru ifprfi do appreciate your labors.your mdefaU&able work, your generous treatment to us in all the stakes of Zion, yes.throughout the world! Our work for 'Others is what develops character, ennobles life, strengthens man. and womanhood, . cultivates friendship, unites families and, makes good citizens. There are rights which berong to guests in thehomealsa host and hostess and hospitality considers and respects these. In a well ordered home and when 'tis possible, there - are provisions made for a guest chamber, it should be supplied with the necessary furniture and furnishings but not the private necessities, these, such as night robes, dressing sacks, combs, brushes, towels, toilet soap, pins, etc., every lady is supposed to articarry in her tuit case as indispensable s cles, however, if through accident or on our part, these are, or have to be supplied by the hostess, they should be used with care and left in good condition. When one enters a home 'tis the duty of the guest to ascertain the time for the service of eveiy meal, and she should make it her duty to be present on time, to keep a dinner waiting unless for an excellent reaEvery well, son, is almost unpardonable. of her bed and bred woman takes good care every article in the room, if the hostess has her on n work to do, the guest should ittend to her private apartment. If we are going to visit a friend or even a relative 'tis our duty to write and ask if it will be convenient for them to receive us, and we should also state the time we expect to remain ..'orl- - returning- - write and Jbank our. hostess for the pleasant stay enjoyed at her house. Presents should be recognized, if accepted in the same way Uuder the head of hospitality we group respectability, for no family with dignity and an understapding rightly balanced can possibly lack this qualification. In our immediate home circle, we should always respect the privacy, the feelings of every member, as well as those of visitois, bringing congenial persons together when possible Never allow sacred things or subjects discussed or spoken lighfry of, reverence age, and teach our young people to respect gray hairs, set an example of kind courtesy and keep our promises to our children and live within our means. Make our personal ap pearance and homes attractive, gain the confidence of each member therein. Allow our young people every proper privilege, give hospitality to their friends, invite good, pure, honorable young men and women to partake of that influence and we will soon have fewer subjects for reform schools, and many more white souls in the walks of useful ambition and respectable citizenship. Sisters, we were organized to be the saviors of gouls as well as to look after the poor, the needy," the sick and sorrowful to minister to and lay out the dead. We stand as the mothers of all other sister associations in our Church, organized t years ago by onr greatly beloved ProDhet Josenh Smith, he who stiff ftWd nAr- 8ecutionr imprisonment, yes, martyrdom inat uue uuspei ui our oayior jesus unrist never more to be, might be thrown down! Do we fully appreciate this laci, cio we realize the opportunities we enjoy? Are we loyal to this cause and to each other? Does our hospitality have that connected circumference that it should nnr-oilio- forget-fulnes- the-din- g sixty-eigh- . I a m to-da- y Are we the" model, wives, mothers" and friends that our light and knowledge guarantee? Do we treat our husbands with have? due? Ara, the love and respect which is their we the guardians in spirit and discipline-tour children what we ehoul4e at all times emAre we just benefactors to the girls we we in religious, ploy in our homes? Are domestic and social life the representative women our credentials warrant? If we are not, let us eradicate every selfish thought, study to improve by inculcating ask for inevery true and worthy motive, spiration to lead and direct our every act, our Father is merciful and He will assist us. Let us study the needs and best methods to assist the poor, teach them to be Visit-th- e aged, the old and new members in the wards, the late converts from foreign countries, be kind and considerate of their feelings, let them know we are their friends, n'lso, the widow and orphans. God is our Father and He will hold us accountable, if one of His children is through We neglect or our folly lost by the way. chilhave the Gospel- to direct us, as the dren of ancient Israel had Moses to lead them. Sisters, we are blessed above many women, we have advantages, unlimited privileges, few of the women in the world today possess; therefore, our hospitality should encompass the universe, for it will eventually aid inreaching the eternity, uniting all factions, creeds, nations, and people for 'twill be everlasting. May our Heavenly Parent grant us the power to understand our whole duty, and that we may have strength to do it is my earnest and sincere prayer-. J. P. M. K - self-supportin- Philomela, your" poor, lame grandmother has made and written this for you, and you must have it rolled on a round stick and keep it a long time to remember me by. Thus trained to love God and home, was capable of taking upon herself the duties of wife and mother. At the age of eighteen years she married Ira Smith, and with him became the mother of five children viz.: Lyman,. James Harvey, Elizabeth Boardman, Josiah William and Es- g. . Ira Smith died in the 36th year of his age, Philomela then became the wife of James Lake and with him again the mother of ten children. She was a wise and loving mother and was noted for the neatness and She was an adept in order of her home. She knew the art all home manufacture. of spinning, and of dyeing the most beautiful, colors, and in the weaving of many kinda of cloth she also excelled. Her fame as a maker of the best flavored butter and cheese was known wherever her name was heard. Her childreu partook of her meek and docile jet lofty and noble nature and when the gospel came to them in Upper Canada, she with her husband and family were the first ones to embrace it. Brigham Young took the gospel to them and they were baptized by Eleazar Miller. Their house was always a welcome place for the elders traveling in Canada, vBrigham Young making their house his home for a year or more. They gathered with the Saints and shared all the hardships of the early days. James Lake with an ox team and assisted by his sons, hauled the first corner stone to the Kirtland Temple and helped to lay it in its place as the beginning of temple building in this dispensation. Philomela S. Lake received a Patriarchal blessing under me hands of. Joseph bmitn, the father of Joseph Smith, the Prophet, in which he called her "Beloved of the Lord." which name was most appropriate, for she was not only beloved of the Lord but by all who knew her. She was tall and graceful, with broad forehead and full dark brown eyes. Her black hair was silken and luxuriant and the noble name of mother was appropriate to her in its most dignified meanHer husband was appointed Captain ing of fifty and was successful in arriving in the valley in the fall of 1850. They settled four miles north of Ogden city on a farm. James Lake was ordained a patriarrih and many ol the saints of Weber county were comforted through the blessing they received at hifl , -- PHILOHELA SMITH LAKE. Among the many noble women who embraced the gospel5 in the early days of the Church was Philomela Smith, daughter' of Parker Smith and Sally Loomis, she being their sixth child, and born in Brookfield. Prince Co., Vermont, April 13. 1794. At the age of twelve she was bereaved of her mother and left to' the care of her grandmother, Sarah Huntington Loomis, who, although crippled with age, sat in her arm chair and gave her daughter's children the benefit of her wise counsel in domestic training, as. also her deep religious conviction, which was a natural result to all those who were favored by a rich flow of Puritan blood in their veins. Many of those splendid principles are embodied in the following verses which have been handed down to posterity, by the poor dame grandmother as she addressed herself to Philomela, who v was bereaved of a little brother. - Your litlle brother is dead and gone: We all must die before 'tis long. And when you think he young did die Say, in the grave I soon may lie. hands. He was a member of the High Council and with his wife enjoyed the honor and esteem of all who knew them while al- , . , most worshiped by a numerous posterity, members of which can be jound in nearly every settlement of the saints from Canada to Mexico. She also wrote the following acrostic for Pinlomla. Most glad they surely then will be. Every brother must be kind, Love sisters, too, and alweys mind And never quarrel or repine. a ther. . Pretty girls should always mind How they talk and spend their time. If they strive with all their Learn to spin, sew,"read andmight, write; Obey their parents and they, 11 see Phil-orael- -- - And may you early learn to know Good children's souls to God do go;, At last their bodies sure will rise - , To dwell with Him above the skies. littlft clrls are bo prettf .' Many would call them very witty. If they are proud they oon. will know That shame ia lurking there below, . Hence friends will turn, they'll find it eo. - - I have often thought of the life and : of my grandmother and exclaim: . . career have been led to A If every soul were of such worth. Nearer would heaven be to earth. . . T Samantha T. Brimhall Folet. 