WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 58 . ' Lit .... 1.1 ' ' ''. J. worm, out uoi'Oi DeinJ m rnmlition ... ll: V Will they remain "ffUw.al? Sometime will they gather to Zipn, where those dear boys 1 1 on1 tp V W .sr. 1 1 W Lfc iTT. mft " - -- , ,. . , and especially of. your own good neaitn. Give my. 'love to Annie and Belle and all rr.y friends. I nuppose you have not Keen my. her picture I call new grandaughter-fro- m I am like her a great beauty', but perhaps the old owl thinking her netling are the most beautiful in the forest. I must write owner ...... 01 .111 miugium nnr.lo'lf !in the crumbs on the kitchen table, before you carried your plate So from the of bread into the dining-room- . " kitchen she calls out, Why did you not clear up the litter you made, not leave it lying around here?" Very meekly you may Remember gay, "I thought we might want to cut some two more letters for thi. mail. but will clear it away as" Boon as we "us especially to Sifter Bathsheba and our more, wishef and prayer are for her welfare. Mr. are through." Then, feeling you can stand no more, Penrose join? me in love to you. when the lady comes into the room you say, Moat Lovingly. "I suppose you want us to get another Romania R. I'knkosk. You are not surprised when she place?" A little says, "I think you had better." when sitting in your own room up-- , later, MISSIONARY J2XPERIf;NCI: stairs deeply interested in writing a letter mention of what you When in the missionary fie'd I often said home with no submit to the landlady to myself, when packing my grip, having are required to You do not look up, you feel the held of labor, enters. ben transferred to another She has when I pack my grip for presence, and that is sufficient. "0, I shall be glad leave the last time; I am so tired of living in dashed the dishesiround, after you the table, in her ugly temper breaking a grip!" not The missionary tlnn about to migrate, pretty china mug, but this you must continue the writing. In a realizing he must inw labor in pastures notice, but vo'.ce she addresses you: new, feels to look back on what he known changed "Mrs. Alder, do not think any more about rather than to step into the future the unI have a Rut our abiding f lit h in G.,d and what occurred this morning. known. His work gives an assurance one otherwise nasty temper, do not think anything more could not feel. In the world ;t h considered about it." "Then do you wish us to stay?" to be a bad thing to be a Mormon man, but "It will be jjst as well, you might find to be a Mormon woman is much worse. "Do you know you have Mormm women in a worse home." "Home!" What a mockery it seemc' your house?" Thus is a landlady interrogated, who lets you have a room, rents it Still we are grateful that we did not have to you. a missionary of the Church of Jesus to walk miles, perhaps, that day, going to the door of every house where the sign in Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, and then usualthe window reads, "Apartments to Let," only ly the trouble begins. The lady of the. house finds no fault with to be told, "We only take gentlemen," or you. You are quiet, make no trouble, and that they are very expensive, more than a This may modest missionaj ;ould pay, or that the are very modest and retiring;. satisfy the landlady? but it does not disarm woman would say, when you asked aboul the neighbor in the next house ..or the heiroom "How.da-.- I - know butthat as adjoining one, or some houses away, who soon as my back is turned, you will not be" feels the menace your presence is in the going through my bureau drawers?" This neighborhood. Your landlady may become not only might happen, but it did, at the interested in you. she may love to converse last place before we came here. It chanced with you about life in the Western World,' that one of theSaints lived near here, and to of the people, and customs there; and, if she her you go and tell her of it. "I will go with you and see her, I think be a 'woman of Btrong character, she may allow you to stay as long a3 you remain in it. will be all right."' . The sister assured the landlady that she that field. Rut if she is easily intimidated, pr is sensitive to the scorn or commiseration would be responsible for everything that I of her friends, you may come in from tract-ing- , might steal out of the house. Even under or a long walk, where you have prosthese conditions you feel glad that you found trated yourself on the earth, humbled your- at least a temporary abiding place. self to the very dust before your Father in These pictures fade from your mind-- , now winto see in the placard the front that you need not go away, and you thank heaven, to Let'1 as and dow, "Apartments God, who has softened the woman's heart, feeling cold a hand clutched at though yourvheart, not even asking how it came about. On the next day it is explained. Two you will understand that you must go. And that would not be so bad of itself, but you friends we had made while tracting, whom must await the necessary developments, not we had visited in sickness, had called upon knowing the manner of your dismissal. You a friend of theirs who lived across the may step softly, but soon you may hear, street. "Those American shoes of yours must have "Do you know we have two Mormon nails in the heels, look at the marks you women across tho road?" they were asked ' make on the linoleum!" You resolve to be 'Yes," they replied. "And if we all had more .careful, but before the day is done you as much' pure religion as they have, ' the may hear, Just look at that grease spot on world would be better; for they have Visited the fenderl What a, nnrelesp wnmnn vrm us in sickness, and never mentioned their must be!" And you, with a bursting heart, own faith but only that we become might but giving no outward expression to your well". Sj a kind act.quietly ministering to these,' saw the you lady yourself rendering dripperhaps of those' whom the Father gave pings that very morning, and as you have to his Son, to be His very own had brought "not handled any grease, know the lady is a blessing when it was sorely needed. .. All scolding about her own carelessness.. these thoughts pass through the mind,, as Another nisrht nasses nw.nv ' Th we wonder what the next field will bring. another day, and with it anxiety as to what Then, too, there are the Saints whom we it may bring forth; you enter almost'reluet-antlyupohave learned to love, to whomTone's heart its duties. The family breakfast goes out in sympathy for their ostracised , v. w L i. r - w and girls may never more feel the7 scorn of the world? And the friends, what of them? Have you done j'our best; been wise as may be, not giving them strong meat; but just And feeling after them with solicitude? ihose two friends who invited you to their Rut you did home, seeking for comfort. not know that they had heart sorrows until you went, then they were unfolded to you. In vain they had sought elsewhere for something to ease their hearts, and give them peace. At last they say, "Our brother died a few years ago, a suicide, what will be his fate?" Staggered by the announcement, and deeply grieved, you look into the earnest faces before you, while a silent prayer for wisdom and knowledge rises up from your heart." You do not know the circumstances, nor what lead up to the act, so cannot enter into it, but the Gospel is tidings of joy, of that you can speak, and of the love of God that encompasseth all things, and that He consigns not to endless torment, but the punishment is according to the degree of sin. And, oh, you are so glad to see peace enter into that home, even though they do not. at this time accept of that which is so precious to jou. The strong oak of that house had fallen on the earth, not by another's act, but by, his own. The tender vines that years of close companionship had wound around him had fallen to the ground. Now the tendrils were putting forth little shoots, feeling for something on" which to cling and groiv anew. "Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted." There is one othsr with whom v?4 grieved ..- - m . . n door, in the center of the town, we knocked at one where a sweet faced woman, with a big boy in her arms, answered it. "Will you accept of a Gospel tract to read? The spoiled boy is rude, it is with difficulty she holds him, but she says: ''What denomination are you?'' You give the usual answer, but she has never heard of such a people. You are glad when she says, "I am going to move to - - Street, and would be plersed to have you call there." Of course, in a little time you went, only to find they had gone on their holidays. Later you find her home, and you are" invited in. The troublesome boy is at his grandmother's, and you can tell her of the , real nature of the Gospel. . . . - .. II.1 r I " l,.W,,l nearu uixa uuBUiiim oi your siy people, she said. "Won't you come some eveLing I would like him to when he is at home? meet )uu. Yes, you will be glad to call, and you find this to be an ideal, happy home. You love this dear lady cannot help it and the thought comes, "If I win only one soul to Christ, how great my joy will bel" And so far as I know, this was the only one, this fair, precious, tender woman, who accepted the Gospel, who heard ol it first from my ' lips. But she will come to London, to the Con- terence. 1 shall see her again. Now, the packing all done, forth we go to' bid the subjects of our thoughts good bye. 1 L - . I k ... continued on page 64. 1 