WOMAN'S EXPONENT. " tf.V' X..,.:f-..,I,-. T.f.i V.'r- IV'T - 4 ' 21 fr,cnV representatives' "of: 4he7organiza. ... yy &W5i..Mft v;-- - u, . , v. .... nVvMr treasures and our "crctwn And ur.JOit loved'ones will be foutjd again' tions General Board of the Relief Society, ' ' v Amen. members of the Temple workers, General' Lund referred td her being Imn in Board of the Y. L. M.' I. A. General Board Ida Smoot Dusenberry Phebe Y. Beatic. her religious turn of mind,1 of the Primary Associations, and the F.mmelinc B. Wtdls Carrie S. T! lonias Yhginia and-oClarissaSiuith AVilliams Alice Merrill Hornv excellent traits of character, Daughters of the Pioneers. a,! her many Jane S, Richards Anpic Wells Cannon' The floral tributes, were very beautiful Sarah Jenn.e Cannon her faith which was built on the "Rock of Prisciiin P. Jennings .UreV following her. was a chain of good and, significant. General Board" Kclief SoRomaina B. Penrose Klizabcth S. Wilcox ' Harriet B. Marker wnrK She was placed in high positions, ciety, and the stake organizations of Salt Susan Grant S. lunula Woodruff Minnie Home Tames hut was never, made proud by it, never felt Pioneer, Fnsign, Libertv. Pocatello, Ju Una L. Smith Rebecca N. Niblev. above her brothers and sisters; was a memDaughters of the Revolutiongrandsons and Kmily S., Richards Amy Brown Lyman ber of the firsf Relief Society and that has granddaughters LJiilia P. M. Farnsworth Annie Kay Hardy grandchildren. Doctor and Mrs. Wilcox, Mrs. AY. B. formed, a link between the early days and Boothe and family, Mrs. Annie D. Watson now. We honor her for what she has done, and Mrs. Lucy E. A comb gave these tokens BIOGRAPHICAL SKETCH OF THE LIFE OF spoke of her testimonies of the early days, ' and closed with these words,' "We "believe of love. .; ALZINA CUCIDA WILLES. of awaits Sister feel Bathsheba' W. Smith was buried a crown righteousness her, we Sister Alzina Lucinda willes was boni in beside her husband on the hillside just at she was a woman of God." Susquehanna, LuscrneVountv, Pa., March Fldcr Joseph E. Taylor paid a glowing 'sunset 4. 1834. She was the daughter of Cornetribute of admiration and reverence to the lius P. and" Permelia Harrow jott. "Sunset and evening star, deceased and added: "Wecan Ixoast of And one clear call for me! Her father's, family joined the Church of heroes in this Church, and we also have And may there be no moaning of the bar, Jesus Christ of latter-da- y Saints in 1838, heroines of' the highest type. They have When I put out to sea." first to Ohio and thence to Nanvoo, moving been acknowledged by heaven, and will re111.,. where as a girl Sister Willes associated ceive heaven's recognition and reward.HSis-te- r RKSOUTIONS OF RESI'ECT IN HONOR OF almost daily with the Prophet Joseph Smith. r. athsiif.i'.a av. Smith has been a member of the Oiurch smith. On account of her lively disposition and for seventy-thre- e years, and has gone down to catch the Prophet's horse when no These resolutions were read at the meeting of the to her grave without taking one feeling of could do so, she became a special General Board, September 23, 1910. revenge with her as did Jesus. Her life favorite of the Smith family. showed simplicity, humility, patience and Our dearly, beloved and honored Presi- She passed through the persecutions of loveliness." dent Bathsheba W. Smith has been called Nauvoo and in 1848 crossed the plains, drivCounselor Ida' Smoot Dusenberry: "If home called unto the peace and rest and ing a team composed of two cows and two the book of her life were written there joy of eternal life in the mansions of God oxen, the entire distance of one thousand would be something beautiful on each page. our five" hundred miles,' arriving in Salt-IikHeavenly Father, .answering the sumI have worked with Sister Smith for nine mons on the rich autumnal morn of TuesValley Sept. 24, 1848. years and every day I thank my Heavenly For two years after arriving in Utah the day. September 20, 1910. I "at her that J had this privilege." The speakThe Relief Society o. the Church Jesus family nwk-in Salt- Lake-- City; er referred to Sister Smith's excellent judgSaints-bereLatter-day Christ of of the where her father died on the present site of ment in settling important questions, and association and guidance of this noble and the Knutsford Hotel. felt she always had the Spirit of the Lord. In 1851 she, with her mother and family. queenly woman : feels it fitting to declare In conclusion Sister Dusenberry said "Sis- in feeble, yet" affectionate phrase, otir love moved to Lehi and located on- the shore of ter mitn lived not only in years nut in and high esteem for her, whose life was our. Utah. Lake, where, on April 23, 1852, she deeds, everyone felt her sweet snirit, the great example and whose death is our great was married to William Sidney Willes bv faith and purity of such a sweet life. President Brigham Young, who was at that sorrow. time passing through Lehi on a tour of the 'resident Richard W. Young said: "It Therefore, be it resolved that we, the offiis claimed that with the exception of the cers and members of this organization of the territory south. When in 1855 the scattered settlers surHerman army, there is no such perfect orRelief Society in conference assembled, on rounding Lehi were called to move together ganization existing as that of this Church, this 4th day of October, 1910, by rising vote for protection against the Indians, Brother which includes the great organization of the testify our reverence and love for her whose Relief Society, .of which Sister Smith was long and gentle life was filled to the brim and Sister Willes moved into the town where she has since resided. the head. By this Society distress has been with kindly'deeds. In 1871 death deprived her of her husdiscovered and relieved. We believe in orFor her who toiled unceasingly and unband, leaving her with the responsibility of ganized charity, not in indiscriminate giv-intiringly for the spiritual and material wela large family of young children. Over fare of mankind ; This is exemplified in the Relief Sothis family she exercised the influence of a For her xwho long years labored lovingciety. It relieves distress, nourishes the sick, loving mother and bravely assumed the arly and tenderly for the living and the dead manifesting 'charity toward all worthy peoduous duties of a father as well. in the housebf the Lord ; ple in need. What is more fit than that a ; She was the mother of nine children, two woman of Sjster Smith's character should For her, who though endowed with gifts preside over such an organization as the and graces befitting the highest station, was boys and seven girls, five of whom survive her. Her grand children number thirty-eigRelief. Society. In coming into her presever humble andxsweet in spirit. and her great grand children thirty-fivence one could feel radiating from her a For her, whose unselfish home life, wifelove for mankind, kindness, and goodness. stand ly devotion and motherly tenderness Sister Willes possessed a warm heart and her but to love and honor her. as ah example to all Israel ; life was full of service. She endured her May God consecrate her life to the sweetening For her, who in very truth was a mother much for the gospel sake and died in full of the lives of others." to the daughters of Zion. faith and hope in a erlonous resurrection. The choir sang, "Nearer my God to Thee" And be it further resolved that we cheron the 18th of August, 1910. lAt her daugh and the benediction was that ; hearts in our pronounced by ish these memories deep ters, home in Lehi. J. P. M. F. Patriarch John Smith. as life be upheld her beautifully completed While the mourners were leaving the" a beacon and inspiration to the generations NOTES AND NEWS. building Professor J. McGellan rendered yet to follow ; and that encouraged by her .' Mendelssohn's funeral march in E. minor. example, we may feel Mrs. Q. H. P. Belmont sailed for Eng The were Sister Smith's grandsland June 29. She plans to study the admade no hath death like do wise, ons, Clarence Merrill Tr., Thomas Mer "We will ministrative methods; of the: three largest breach" rill Louis Merrill , ' . Suffrage Associations. In love and sympathy, in hope and trust, eJlyn Lloyd and Lyman Home. can ears our sound reach; nor No outward sign The bill'.giving universahm'unicipal sufRut tfcprpVan inward soiritual speech mourners corfege of long numerous, : and friends followed the hearse to the That greets us still '" though mortal tongue be frage to w'omen, which- passed the lower grave.' . dust 1 house of Parliament in- Norway, 71 to 10, resident Angus .M. Cannon dedicated" the laid she us.'do down, that work the It bids has now. passed the upper House, 24 to 7, grave in the most solemn manner, iiv the Take the leftoff she strain; where the song up has been signed by; the king. presence of a rmrnber of relatives and So journeying till we reach the heavenly town, and lived a long and oeautitui me, eigltf- , Presi- -' tvj lit years in tin's ha-- : earth-mission- ." - . . (K-ji- l f -- and-gre- at ' ., -- rki:-iir'.- T her-abilit- -- one-els- . e their-hom- e- o--f - ft -- - fc 1 . g'. 7 -- ' -- ht r e. None-kne- J. pall-beare- rs , - Frlc ETteWe - . - ' large ...-- . - 