J rr-v-v t,llv 4H.Prif tho6u anu triii.-"- f how eraieiui mo lami'j has entitled ihern in this t Woman's Exponent; ElIMELlXE It. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ASS1E WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. ..!.- - IMMishHl. monthly in Salt coj.y ooe vcar, $1.00; ,m Uke City, rate-- : Ewh one time 12.50; l 2.' rt-- xquar- M) r ts. b . -, l linei .of: A liberal r.on-,,arie- t,-- . au.l Bxponcmt office rooms Main Street.; North 40 Building, 10 a. m. to 5 p. in., every day, ext-ep- Wines Miv.-rr- ! pr month, .llscount to rejjuUr advertisers. Addrem all th. Term. uhy City jair W No reaction mle for clubs. mail, str for postage one y. ar, Advertising I Hul.op lir from hour, Bushes 2'J,""2ml t a Sunday. fommuiii,atioii to Mrs. K. H. WELLS, Salt LakeCitt, Utah. g Entered nl the Pot Ottite in Salt hike City. I'tah ntcoH'l flats matter. Salt Lake City, Utah A ai-ril- , 1910. I probation career to a fulness-Oth- e faithful, if they prove There is no blessings vouchsafed to him.. his footneed to mourn, only to follow in he has obtained, steps to reach the heights the The hymns he loved to have sung in no doubt, Temple seem suited to him now; heart to"There is Sunshine" in his noble loved ones gone day, he has met with his before and "All is Well." 7 Biddenden born was in Winder Hex John Died Kent, England, December 10, 1821 1910. in Salt Lake City, Utah, March The funeral services of this remarkable man were held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle at 11 a. m., March 31, 19.10. Loving and who eloquent tributes were given by those assoknew him best, and had been closely ciated with him, and every token of respect At the and honor, possible paid t? him. the grave that glorious hymn "Rest, on Hillside Rest" was rendered by sweet voices most touchingly tender. To the writer, the saddest and loneliest one of all, bereft of his pociety and companionship, is'the young wife married to him some years after he was.left without a wife in that lonrly home; he made choice of Miss Maria Burnham, and it really seemed a love match, they were devotedly attached to each other and she has been his constant companion, never leaving him for any other society during the happy years of their i 2, , TRIBUTE. PRESIDENT JOHN R. WINDEK. 'resident Winder was not only a pioneer because of coming early in the fifties to this valley,, .but in many lir.es of business and affairs in general, certainly one of the most active, earnest and energetic men in the Sound in doctrine, and conscienChurch. tious in principle, fatherly to the' young men in the relations of advice and employment, all around enterprising and prudent wedded life. in whatever he advised or undertook to do, Our sympathy goes out to this dear, and he engaged in many enterprises, and lonely wife bereft of his solicitude and carried them forward with signal success. So much has been written of him that it Fen'if weary and broken-hsartestems only a repetition to add the little that With that which thou deemest loss: is now possible, jet we desire to give our Although from thy dearest one parted, meed 01 praise, to a man who has done so He will help thee bear thy cross; much to build up our commonwealth. And if the ordeal seems cruel, He will be missed everywhere, in. the Thy Father will make it right, And the brighter thy precious jewel Church and in the state, his kindly face and Will shine in the realms of night. beaming countenance made one feel better E very body loved even to look upon him. him and trusted him. without guarantee, he LAND AND INHERITANCES. needed no passport for wherever he went his manner and bearing insured confidence In this wonderful day of great progress in He bore of of the one and.respect. stamp many directions of activity and skill, it may nature's noblemen. Brother Winder really seem undesirable and at any rate commonlived the simple life, so much talked of and place to go back to the subject of farms, written about in this our day. True to him- homes and grainfields; an occupation much self, true to his brethren, unflinching in his neglected and for some years at least rather integrity in the maintenance of justice and with the masses. Conditions d, equity. But President Winder has gone after weeks suffering, hovering as it were between life - and death, he passed peacefully over to the "other side," out of our sight, and we shall see his pleasant smile no more; until we too may be called home, to join that innumerable company who have gone before. . ''Beyond life's toil and cares, Its hopes and joys, its weariness and sorrow, Its sleepless nights, its days ot smiles and tears, Will be an'endless life unmarked by years, One bright unending morrow. : Ear hath not 'heard, that song! Of rapturous praise within that shining nortnlNo heart of man hath dreamed what joys belong To that redeemed and happy d throng, anu of-pa- tient ... - unpopular, have taken such rapid strides forward that the tillers of the soil are only thought of as plodders, and in a sense by the larger num- ber counted out of society. lhe hrst commandment eiven tn Adam after he was cast out of the garden of Eden was to till the ground (and men are not yet restored to Eden), and those who really enjoy life most are agriculturists, they are the men who are truly the most independent, and in the course of events according to the w ise, the prudent calculator and thinkers it will become a positive necessity to get more out ofjthe soil to sustain human far-seei- Hfe.'- - . - t?1U- ng - As a nation we are proud of our college graduates, professors, scientists, mathematicians, musicians, etc., and the many more who come to the front ranks, but The eloquent tributes naid to tha they mut. all be fed, and the soil must e yield an of President Winder in the Salt Lake papers of the various products thereof, if the ana magazines attest the strength and millions are to have plenty to susana oeauty of his long, life of vigor and use- - growing tain life. ;.juiwBO iu vuc'ffUM oi me L.ora m thegje last The western Jand is productive and with uays. tie was permitted to receive all the all the facilities of .the present day, implemeetings aim privileges pertaining to a ful ments and machinery far more than was blood-washe- ah KiunouB immortal. , abun-danc- -- v , . ' . . - r- r -- 7 before, keeping up a small 0iihtbe"the best .investment a youn? man could rriake. The agricultural resources must-b- e developed; and farms maintained, otherwise all else fails, there must We cannot be be bread for the multitude. ignorant of this great facW that underlies all . Knmon lif if fllftft Wft TTIflV av!L bread, the BtafT of life; it tcVjUTAVPr out we must have is the dependence of all progress, of all. prosperify and of individual existence. Doubtless mothers are as much to blame as fathers in this regard, children should be taught early not only that all honest work is honorable, but that tilling the land is up lifting in its very nature because it is nearest to nature's heart. r life and employment tends to The idea that every health andlongevity. nrw must own land and cultivate it. was largely general in earlier times, and in the 18th century in the Eastern btates, a man or a family who were not land owners were looked down upon. The writer recalls the fact that in her childhood people who lived in rented houses were not thought on a par with others, now the tables are turned.soto speak, and living in crowded apartments without breathing To room scarcely is the height of fashion. have and to hold in one's own right a home and land gives one an independent feeling of satisfaction, that is buoyant to the spirit sit unand soul. The scriptnral saying-t- o der one's own vine and fig tree is significant .strictly speaking. The counsel given and the principles inculcated and acted upon by Brigham Young in the settlement of these valleys was calculated to create happiness and a responsibility praiseworthy and beneficial to human character. That every family should have a piece of ground, a city lot, sufficient for building a suitable home and a garden spot and orchard. This policy was carried out for rome years, not only was this wise and expedient but profitable as well, and the city was beautiful and attractive, artistically so in the best sense. The great authors and statesnen in the past, many of them have been men who were fond of occupation, one may say, lor relaxation perhaps, but positively enjoyed it; it is well known that Gladstone, one of the greatest statesmen of England,, was noted for felling trees. We as aTpeople profess to believe in the gospel of work, and in short it is taught in theScripJturesand the Doctrine and therefore we must believe in farms and inheritances and in owning land; we all know how frequently the Lord has spoken to His people in different ages of the world upon the subject of inheritances. It is not possible in a short article to go into details on this subject but to sound a warning note to mothers in reference to teaching the children in the home, : that farming is the one occupation and that in which men can reallv fee! the most independent, and that farmers are gentle- wcu. it 13. easy to reca hfl nnnnflfl nf Brigham Young and others on this subject, especially when the mines began M be opened here in the West, and how he urged the people to stay on their farms instead of running after gold dust. One of the greatest writers of the day says: : "Trade and manufacture however profitable must yield to the cultivation of lands m usefulness and dignity." we go back to first principles everything depends upon the soil; history points to agriculture, and its varied losses and sue- Out-doo- out-do- and-Covenan- ts, I .If or 