, WOMA N'S EKPON ENT. caliedTo work according to your contract, are not the homes of the rich where, if you don't find everything you want at hand it is only a matter of ordering it through the telephone, but perhaps homes when- you may not find anything, homes yoiTwill he ing the member's at our Sacrement meetings of the Sainta. IE can truly be said'of oufdeceased The Stake Presidency do appreciate the Work sister mat she. was a noble woman full of faith always willing and ready to give you sisters are doing. Prayed the Lord to and hand to those in need. bless and and help lis in the future aB II? has Although atllicted with cancer of a malignant " done in the past, form, knowing that death was inevitable, she j ' "I Know that my Redeemer Lives" was ways wore a smile and acknowledged the band of the Lord in tier darkest hours. beautifully rendered by Mary Stewart. With the departure of Sister Shelby from this Sister Annie Hindley, a returned missionscene of action, Randolph Relief Society has lost ary was: introduced, and spoke a short time. ft wise counselor and diligent worker. She was TohRia of the Relief Society work in the a minute woman, ever ready to obey the advice of those Northern States, gave us some of her experplaced over her. She held "the position of president of the Y. L. M. I. A. for some time iences and bore a strong testimony to the filling it with dignity and honor to herself, truth. Singing ' Ve Thank Thee 0 (Jod for cultivating the spirit of love and kindness, always which made her duties a pleasure atong with those cona Prophet." Benediction by counselor Annected with her. Latterly she was chosen counnie C. Hindley. selor to Celia Spencer, president of the Relief SoConference adjourned for noon hour and ciety and this office she held until her death. the officer aud teachers of Linden Ward There are scenes in this drama of life that are served the two hundred people present with hard to look upon and harder for we mortals to underMaud; we gaze as in a dream at a delicious lunch. the grim reaper advancing upon our loved ones Reconvened at l:iU p. in- - with Counselor with open sickle to gather them into the harvest Annie C. Hindley in charge. Singing "(Juide of death Rut still in looking back on the years that we have spent together, the sunshine and LTs 0 Thou Great. Jehovah." Prayer, R joert shadows, meinorvof them is a precious treasThorne of Linden; Singing "Count Ycmr ure and a the sweet remembrance of the past. Blessings." .Sister Shelby leavs four sons and two daughCounselor II irriet Jacobs was thankful for ters and a loving, devoted husband, besides a host of friends to mourn her demise. the privilege of attending this large conference and gave some good instructions to We mut not savour sister's lot-She has onlv gone before; mothers with regard to the care of their we will meet again I know And children. On yonder shining shore. E, J. T. Roberts spoke a few m nnents on the lessons prepared for the wards. FCKSOMTIONS. Bishop Cullimore of Linden he irtily welWhereas: God in his wisdom has seen fit to call comed the K'dief Society Conference to his to another field of labor our sister, causing home ward. Thankful for the cood work and in us to mourn: fluence of the sisters of his ward. Advised Whereas: we feel it a sore trial to part with one the sisters to use their influence with the w e so loved and esteemed, as we did Sister Shelby who always performed her work with an untiring to perform the duties placed upon them. Invoked the blessitigs of the Lord on devotion. Therefore be it resolved; while we mourn over every one present. the present loss, we rejoice in the remembrance Preident S. L. Chipman again occupied of past associations and in the assurance of a reunion yet to come, a short time. Spoke on the first principles Resolved; that we emulate her noble character, of the Gospel and encouraged the sisters to her gentle deportment and devotion to her family take hold of their lessons in earnest, so as to and home, be able to give re is mi an I proofs for our Therefore, we resolve to remember her as one -- conveniences and necearies, then the ingenuity and artifice Mr. Malaprop advjses, might come to your assistance, however don't let trifles stand in your way, but look around you for out of (loonier and chaos you may have to im- , manufacture what you need. In take for your example the Remember saintly Florence Nightingale. when she reached the Crimea how wholly without necessaries she found the hospital camp at Scutari, and out of the rough around her of "boards, boxes, camp kef ties, and blundering Turks she established laundries and kitchens," and brought the most perfect order out of what appeared You have not awaitito he a chaotic ruin. ng you perhaps the glory of serving on a battlefield or under the magic order of the Red Cross, but neither had Florence Nightingale provise and such cases short-sighte- d ma-te-i- al Barton when they first learned the "noble art of mitigating human anguish," it wag conditions which afterwards arose that called them forth to their great work. When they first studied nursing they little dreamed of the scenes that they would witness or the work that they would do. Do you know of the calls that will come to you, they may not be national disasters, we hope they will not be, but your tior.s if faithfully performed will bring you just as sure reward: I would admoniph 3ou to try to make good out of everything, even though you may be called to haunts of ignorance , let the influence of your. own beautiful soul lift you above your surroundings and be the mears of scattering incense around you. Out of these very circumstances learn a lesson. "Remember that beautiful blind teacher, Helen Kellar, tells us no effort we ever make to attain something beautiful is ever lost." And after all the secret of life is not to do what one likes hut to like that which one has to do. My dear friends, you have gained through your training and .your study a little knowledge. The poet Pope eays: "A little knowledge is a dangerous thing," which is doubtless true, so don't be satisfied with a little knowledge hut all through your lives bear in mind this truth that ''knowledge is power,' and lose not one moment of time to learn and to improve. Don't you know one never finishes school, we only com pleteav grade, and all alon the way we are buUthe children of that Master, whose divine message was leve. al-- i - absolutely void of all 70 or Clara t hps-ban- and-vice- ds of God's noblewomen belief. President Rebecca Standring said "It is hardly possible to staud before such an audience, especially Mothers in Israel, and faith ful workers; without feeling an inspiration come over one, and yet I feel inadequate to the task. There is n 3 end to the labors of the sisters, and the more we do the more we will be capable of doing. This is only a school. Our labors here are nothing com, pared with what they will be in the Spirit World. I desire to continue to labor in the cause of God as long as Father wants me to. God bless you my dear sisters and help us all to honor the Priesthood and live day by day worthy of the great blessings we are re-cievi- A lesson on Faith was beantifully given by Sister Esther Kirk. Brother Win. Southwick of Lehi spoke a short time . "Bishop Cullimore presented the names of Jennie W. Johnson and Lizzie M' Cullimore as counselors to in the Relief Society to President Cordelia, Thome. They were sustained and set apart. Latter-da- and a true and faithful Saint, y Therefore, be it resolved in behalf of the Randolph Relief Society: We extend our heartfelt sympathy to the bereaved husband, sons and daughters in the loss of a kind mother and loving wife. lie it resolved: that a copy of these resolutions be placed on the records of the Randolph Relief Society, also be printed in the home paper, and that a copy be sent to the Woman's Exponent for publication. s Celia Spencer,-Locis- Gray, Libbie Nebekek. Committee. A REMARKABLE WOflAN. MARGARET F. C. MORRISON. (Concluded.) Brother and Sister Morrison ' started on of their journey for Utah in trie ALPINE STAKE. '1856, via Omaha from St. Louis. They Omaha at in six in were tents, The Relief Society Conference of the Alcamp, living weeks waiting for the company to'get ready. pine Stake convened April 29th at Linden; On the 26th of June the company of sixty President Rebecca Prayer by Sister Standring presiding. Singing "Doxology". wagons started on the journey to cross the Opened by singing "0 ,Ye Mountains High." Emma Featherstone. plains, Captain Canute Peterson in charge. Prayer by Bishop Cullimore. Singing "Love Conference adjourned for three months. Sister Morrison testifies that he was a wise at Home," .Roll .. called, showing every ward Number present, 232 and most "efficient leader. During the jour- SIX A CHIPMAN, fceCJ. represented, President Standring opened five "times." . A ine conference .wiuYafewwords of.welcome 1 oung man from Denmark was accidentally ruu over and instantly killed. , It was the IN MEfl. 'RI.Afl: ignt wards were reported by their presidents only accident upon the journey. each in good condition and working order. A tribute of love to the memory of Mary F. On the 14th of July, a great herd of buffwho President Stephen L. Chipman comply Shelby, our beloved sister: and2. 1910 alo passed through the camp. It was a peacefully away; April was the She Rented the sisters on their reports, wished passed Indiana. Attica. in She was bom great sight and created considerable fear the same good report could .be given onlv one of her father's household who embraced and consternation, but no accident to any 0 all the home Associations of our Stake. You the Gospel, and like many others sacrificed one, and the Saiuts felt that the preserving 818ters can be of for the sake of gathering to the land friends and insweHassistance great R. S. REPORTS. - ' . co-work- ... 