f? X . ; k -- i ri- fe .... j " if poor; 'BHteftp'give out a little more means and doa little more work, than let .a soul go without: ters, to visit the apartments'in the Bishop . moling. Song, "Earth with her clir singing for us. Spoke ofplan to be Stake. Encouraged Sis- up for Sevi tenoyTgpttm ters ot So! Do let us rail upon tne Lord for His, help; Ave cannot Knediefion by- Brother L. P. Jendn our whole duty without the help of God' sen, conference adjourned until 2 p. m. :re a. strong testimony of the truthfulness Afternoon .session commenced at 2 p. in of this work. Said that it Was his desire President C. Sorensen presiding. After to follow and stand by his leaders in all opening exercises the General and Stake of things . pertaining to our policies. Sister ficers were sustained unanimously Sfct irJ annou announced that next Sunday would Minn TTnntti lrit r i t mie Avortliy V Ar , . " - l''arte.'nferencc, atiena nossib e IX'. the sisters to . and-urge- I mraMesl nfl,S c .. w poor and lowly as well as the rich. Mentioned the, good Samaritan. Every one in need is our neighbor. Counselor Mary E. Magleby had enjoyed our conference thus fair In the lecture by Dr. GledhiJl, also the remarks by Sister Famsworth, many Iautiful points were brought out. Spoke of the Prophet Joseph Smith as the greatest man in this dispensa- tion Let us use our time in adorning the souls of our children and not so,much their toieWn ' Conference adjourned: we Singing, thank iiiee, u Uod, for a Prophet." Benediction by Sister Adelia Hoagland. Lillie F. Sperry, Secv. t,... Christ."SpokC of (he d 11 -- i, a- -- SEVIER ( STAKE. j I The Relief Society conference convened at Richfield, June 28, 1910, at 10 a. m., Presi- dent Christine W. Sorensen presiding. President C. Sorensen spoke of the busy time our conference is held; IHs dangerous for sisters to drive teams; horses are afraid f automobiles. I love Relief Society work we arc united in the Stake Board, and in visiting we are united with the different boards.. Let us continue and improve. We have Sister Julia P. M. Famsworth of the General Board with us. Dr. Gledhill gave a lecture. In addressing mothers, I have chosen the subject, 'The Child." Spoke Of wayward children. There has been mismanagement, sometime in life, also of physical aad.mental .defects. Spoi:e of influence. Many are at disadvantage. Strong minds need strong bodies. Children are crowded-througschool, and nervous breakdowns follow too much many study. Don't tax children too much while growing. Spoke on nursing of children: Mothers' milk is most natural and best. We must understand how to govern unruly chil- dren. Meat is'a bad article of diet, influencing child to" be stubborn. Strong seasoned foods have an influence on children, inclining them to- strong drink in later years Spoke of destroying confidence of our children by one parent saying yes and another saying no. The most important thing in life is raising of our children. Lectured very interestingly. Song by Mrs. fosie Christensen, "Will it be a joyful harvest, when I reap what I have' . ' ; pre-nat- al - . sown ? ' - '' ,. President Minnie Nebeker (Richfierd 1st Ward) ; Mother's niission is a great one. We hurry too much in our lives, and don't take- - time to study Our opportunities. Do we appreciate improve every moment and each day and accotriplishsome-thinencourage our daughters to study their mission, and educate ourselves in the Cospel and teach the same to our children? ister. Julia P. M. Famsworth of, General Boardx said Sister Emily Richards, who came with her, had to go home on account of sickness, also that our dear PresrderitjL athsheba W. Smith, being very feeble, she wished the sisters to pray for her. Enjoyed the lecture by Dr.'Gledhill, also minutes read and all exercises of this morning. Spoke, of her extended trip through Europe. Encouraged mothers to tell boys of the Relief Society before going on missions. The Relief Society wdrk is the greatest and grandest work of women in the world. Spoke of priv 'leges and blessings of wives and mothers. and of evils abroad. Let us indeed bejielp-mate- s to our husbands.', Invited all the sis- our-privileg- es, g, "bodies. Song by Sister Bolimla "Young, "Beyond the gates of Paradise," very beautifully rendered. Sister Tulia P. M. Farrisworth : " Jhe Gospel has the sublimest truths." Sp( espeof our the cially sustaining Exponent also 'the of Life "The of President book, spoke Woodruff?' and said the Nurse Class hal been discontinued for' this year, and later other arrangements would be made. Thought more care and love should be given our cliildreii Prayers, learned at mother's, knee will never be forgotten. She had seen the original picture of "the Lord's Supper," in Italy. Sister Famsworth then spoke of saving grain; it will surely be needed; also urged lis to get up a plan of mothers' work for our stake. Asked the Lord to bless us in all things, that we may be able to advance. Sister Mary Swindle bore faithful testi mony, and spoke of many blessings. En-- , couraged sisters to make average attendance greater in iuiure, ana appreciate ine privileges we have, and embrace all opportuni- ties. Urother Morton Jensen was satisfied with the appointment to labor in the Relief Society. Sisters are capable of doing their work. Am very much pleased with instructions given today. Mothers should teach their sons, so when asked irt 'mission field to organize a Relief Society, they would be able to do so. Spoke of the sisters in Denmark, holding work'meetings and gathering means to help ' the poor. Bishop Heber Christensen (Richfield 1st Ward) said conditions to do evil are just as great today as conditions to do good. Spoke of duties 'of parents, also on keeping the Word of Wisdom, and that a full percent-- ; age of good may be reported by parents in future. Let us look after our girls and try to keep.them at home, and as Sister Famsworth. suggested, that they may not attend these dangerous places of amusement, and all will have to help to bring about a better condition for us. Brother P. L. Jensen appreciated teachinto" practice ings given. If we put these we will succeed. Am pleased to belong- to Relief Society of this stake. When we do our duties we feel blessed ; we also should set an exanlple worthy of imitation. President Christine borensen: VVe nave had much good instruction ; am thankful for brethren beinir oresent, also appreciate the visit of Sister Famsworth, and. the efforts of , . . - . : -' (hfterent wards to attend Relief " business ciety meetings," asked :the brethren to assist the sisters to come, to conference. Sjoke on wheat question' and Exponent.. It . is our paper, and each Relief Society; should get a few more subscribers. "Lord bless, us that we all may return to our homes in safety., and thatSisterJrariisvortJi '.may. accom-- i plish her labors and return home in safety. After singing and benediction conference adjourned until further notice. Singing, "God be with; you, till we meet again." Benediction by Sister Louisiana lepler. -- - I f .wr.sy.:;a " : . 1 Mary M, S w i n de, Secy. STAKE. S.OWJ"LAKE The Relief Society Conference convened at Snowflake, Aug. "l9th, 1910,-a- t 10 a. m., President Mary J. R. West presiding, Sister Annie Kartchiier conducting the singing. Singing, "Our mountain home so dear." Opening address of welcome ary J; R. West. She expressed her pleas-ur- e at having. Sisters Harker and Jensen of the General Relief Society Board of Salt Lake. City, with us. Spoke of the great good the Relief Society had done. Also of the words of the Prophet Joseph Smith when the Relief Society was organized. F'ach mother should strive to gain the Lord's Spirit to guide them in rearing her chil- - -- v . by-Preside- nt dTn. , " . - -- - Recitation, "God. seen in the phenomena of nature," by. Laura Baird. Relief Society Officers of General Board and Stake were unanimously sustained. r Showlow Ward Relief Society reported by President Adah Owens. Snowflaks Relief Society reported by First Counselor Nellie M. Smith. St. Joseph Relief Society reported by President Nina Porter. All were in good condition Lakeside Relief Society reported by Sister Margaret Larson The sisters had been helping one another with their sewing. Their scattered condition kept them from holding meetings regularly in winter. Remarks by Sistetr Hattie Harker : She was pleased to meet with us. All have their cares, and can find excuses to remain home from our meetings. Economize our vqrk, laundry, housecleaning, etc. This life is not .all and we must prepare ourselves for a better one, by enlightening our minds every ' day. Learn to be forgiving and charitable toward our fellow men. Follow the examples Christ set for us. Prayed God to bless all the sisters, and aid them; with His Spirit ' to guide and protect them. Song by Sister Ellen Adair. Remarks by Sister Hattie Jensen : pleased to meet the sisters of the Snow flake Stake, and was delighted vith our little, town."' Spoke. of the many inventionsto lighten work, since the Gospel was restored. How we should be thankful and. take advantage, of these helps; and improve our minds by study. How the sisters of the Relief 'Society should learn to love one another. Al' vays think whatever comes is best, when we are striving to live right. Cultivate cheerv, . fulness, , Organ solo, by Sister Nellie Hunt. Talk on Mother's Work by Prest. May II. Larson. Benediction by Sister Emma S. Smith. She-wa-s ; -- . " , , . ; V 