i ...v.-- vV . WOMAN'S EXPONENT. anuJ n. .r'n corned the brethren and of the sickness in the valleys we should be united and .one lister help the other look after the sick. Song by, a group of little boys and girls led by Ethelwynne Collttt, accompanied, si-ie- u Tiivmn nv raiuiM. -- - President Hathheba W. Smith spoke of friend.-hithat had extended the ovlr half a century, and the lov.tr and union that had nev.r failed through all the .years. wan ft:!i of love for Aunt EmmV all. and gratitude- to her many friends who had showered her. with gifts ami favors and he repaid, good-wilinbre than could hut the love ."lie had in her heart for them was boundless. Thanked all who had manifested such appreciation of her work, and hoped she might he worthy of their love and remain faithful to the end. Brother Aldous sang ''Our mountain home no dear," composed by Aunt Emm.,in which all pre.-ejniufd and the benediction was lift-lon- g ' p, o good-nature- 5. REPORTS, conference of the Juab Stake Relief Society convened in the Tabernacle at Nephi. March 2o, Wld. President Unity Chapnell pr siding. The speakers were A f ,. 1 -- Sadie, Cole, Stake Secretary. . UINTAH STAKE. Minutes of the regular 50th Relief Society Conference of Uintah. Stake of Zion, held in Maeser Ward, February 20, 1910, beginning m3Ve had a good attendance" of f1.2- brethren and sisters. President Nancy A. Colton presiding. After the usual exercises, the Sacrament - -- ..;' - . a d." y. President Chapppell. Counselor Priscilla Lunt, Presidents E. II. Grace and J. W. ! ANNUAL DAY IN UNION, OREGON. i 4 lie-lie- 1 Tl'AB STAKE. . ex: " pronounced by Col. Wiilard Young. Tin daintiest refreshments wire served by the sweetest young girln.and the birthday cake wax candles wan brought in. the eighty-twlighted, and the guests were invited to try .blowing out the candle?, after a little time, to see how many each one could extinguish. Several of the gentlemen tried and succeeded This created in putting out most of them. d a little merriment. and there wan a little sparring between the ) hitneys and the Weill's an to which had the best claim on Aunt Emm. Altogether the affair was very pleasant and a perfect success in the way of enjoyment. Although Aunt Emm. feels she ran never in any way repay her many friends for the loving gifts so generously bestowed and the flowers, that she so dearly loves, which were sent from tlorists, as well an her mar and dear friends. . Secretary Minutes of Relief Society annual meetine held March 17, 1910, at 2 p. m., in the meeting house, President Mary II Dalton First Counselor Rebeci-- E. presiding. Weatherston conducting. Singing, "We a O for God, thank thee, prophet." Prayer Stake Presidency represented by Elders ' Baxter. Sister Singing, SoGladys by W. Harris Woolley. and Reuben S. Collett of annual meeting, 1009, Minutes Elder Harris W. Woolley had been edified, wing." for both afternoon and Program but the thought had come to him how we read. evening had been arranged, but only reguwere to reach the ideas' that had been placed lar afternoon services were held on account I think, said he. the only way before us? of the demise of our beloved sister, Mary is to be united in our efTorts and then we Holladay Eichens. She left a husband and will reach the point. an infant son. Her sudden death cast a He referred to the lecture and recitations which had been given, also spoke of the deep gloom over the entire community, both Gentiles and Saints mourned her loss. books our children should read. The few short months she lived in Pnion Song by Bathera Young accompanied by were fully occupied in instructing the young' Hazel Allen. people in singing. Her glee club, her class Polder Reuben S. Collett had been much and her class of young impressed by what Presideut Colton had of young women said in regard to helping the sick, urged the men made rapid progress under her instrucsisters to be neighborly in times of sickness, tion. Her advice was to cultivate the voice he urged each and every one to know the above all things. There was never a day kind of companions and books our children but that she had' some of the young people about her. Her great heart of love was rehave. Counselor Annie K. Bartlett in behalf of flected by every one who knew her, and will Every moment the Stake Board, ..thanked the Bishopric of remain' with them forever. was full of activity for the good of others. Maeser Ward for letting us have this house Counselor Rebecca E. Weatherston read a Sunday afternoon, thinking we wanted to get more of the brethren to come; spoke of letter from the stake officers' commending letting little boys play marbles for keeps, our past labors and encouraging us for the future and counseling us to celebrate our it" is a little thinp. but it might lead to annual day. greater evils, Sister Josephine Hanks read the minutes AWry II. Stringham spoke of the anniverof the first Relief Society meeting organized. f sary on the 17 h of March, the day the President Mary H. Dalton made a few reSociety was first organized; she invited marks on the minutes just read and comall to be present. Conference odjourned for three months to mented on the Relief Society being a charibe held in Glines Ward. table organization. Was proud of this ward Singing, "Count Your Many Blessings.''. organization and the willingness of the sisters in helping in the recent trouble we have Benediction .by Patriarch Nelson Merk-lejust passed through in our ward. Said we Piikhe A. Merkley, Secretary. should not regard our own work when called to help those in trouble. We cannot apThe main preciate the Gospel too much. thing is to love eaeh'otherHhis is the misCELEBRATION OF ANNUAL DAY. sion of the Relief Society. The sisters should check scandal wherever it is heard, Editor Exponent: and it will prove a great blessing to them all. The Relief Society of the St. Joseph Sister Rose H. England said we little Stake celebrated Annual Day, Masch 17, at realize the blessings the Lord blesses us Thatcher, beginning at 11 a. m., in the with, arid testified to the truthfulness of the Amusement Hall, Pre3. Elizabeth W. , Gospel. A program was rendered, presiding. Sister Eliza Peterson felt the spirit of testiin which a speech of welcome and response, mony would leave us if we continued to vocal and'instrumental musi$, and recitaquench the spirit. She has a testimony of tions were given by members of the differthe Gospel. A few words will strengthen,, ent wards. These numbers all had a bearus. ing on the original progress and results of Sister Helena Jenson said the Relief Sothis organization given to women sixty-eigciety has grown with the Church, it is one years ago, by the Prophet Joseph of the greatest, if not, the greatest organizaSmith. tion on the earth. She loves the Relief At the close of the program a sumptuous Asked the blessings of the Society work. repast was partaken of by. all the brethren Lord on all, and especially on the presidency. and sisters present, numbering about two Sister Emily Taj lor longs 'to bear .her r hundred. testimony, but feels very timid. Loves the At 2.30 the Bazaar opened. Articles from of ah the booths' were in such demand that work of the Gospel, and especially that the Relief Society. they readily sold, and by 6 p. m.,the bazaar Sister Caroline Gilman has a strong testiclosed. An amusing program was .iendered mony to bear. With the help of the Lord at ..different--periodduring the afternoon. will do all she is called on to do. Hoped An entertainment by the Home Dramatic the Relief Society work would grow-an- d Company was given-ithe evening, for the spread,' benefit of the Society, and the house filled Sister J osephine Hanks hag had her prayto its utmost capacity. The day and eve-- - ers answered We must live many times. ''Lit-tleKo&Ku- nt the-Church- Josephine Kimball, Hie Lecture by Anna Smart entitled Hest Discipline for Character Building," which was very ably handled. Recitation by Ada Winder entitled er Ord, and Sister Ann (iarrett.the latter speaking in the gift-otongues. The speakers all told of the great progress and growth of this Relief Society, since it was organized; and the support and benefit it had been to and felt that with them there was no such word as tail. Each ward. in the stake was represented, and very good reports were given by all. President Chappell read a letter from President Bathsheha W. Smith, which was full of. love and encouragement to the sisters. Sister Chappell urged the young mothers to take hold of this work, as it would surely fall upon their shoulders to carry it on. A full choir was in attendance and furnished some beautiful music, and a very profitable time was enjoyed. . by Hazel Allen. - R. a '. n-p- nr-e l, rs ning were a decided success 'both 'socially and financially and' will l6ng be remem. bered by the good sisters of this stake. , Lay-ton- .. ht - ' n - ; t 1 i A I 