.WOMAN'S EXPONENT. acute suffering produced from (a pa tient in a hut) not being 'able to see out of a window, and the knots in the wood being the only view. I shall never forget the rapd ture of fever patients over a bunch of I remembef (in my own liowers. case) a nosegay of wild flowers being sent me and from that moment. recovery becoming morejrapid." Miss Nightingale remained in the Crimea a year and ten months; when she was recovering a yacht was lent her. Its use aided much in her recovery, when she first sailed in it she had to be carried to the vessel in the arms of men. She reached home in safety onlhe 8tb of All September, 1856, an invalid for life. England fdt ihat something must be done. Fifty thousand pounds were raised almost 'withoutdn effort, and it was decided to use this fund in enabling Miss Nightingale to establish an institution for. the training of nurse, The Nightingale home at St.Thomas. She accepted the trust and for years em ployed much effort in the establishment. The Sultan of Turkey sent her a magnificent bracelet, the Queen of England gave her a cross beautifully formed and blazing with gems; the Queen invited her to visit her in her retreat at Balmoral, and Miss Nightingale spent some days there receiving the homage of the royal family. Her books on nursing are said to be adThe mirably simple and admirably wise. chief duty of a nurse" she says, "is to keep the air which the patient breathes as pure as the external air but without chilling," and she dwells forcibly upon the "curative power of perfect cleanliness and bright light." When Florence Nightingale overcame the silent opposition of ancient surgeons and obstinate old sergeants in the Crimea, she smoothed the path of American women on the banks of the Potomac and the Mississimrwt , bright-colore- " ppi-; Her name and fame stand out as heroic examples to all women and are imperishably There engraved in the annals of her time. can be no correct conception of her personar life from anything that has been written or published. It may be now that she has passed away that memoirs or reminiscences may be given of the woman who has been a greater philanthropist and humanitarian than any woman we know of living or dead. In the year 1908 she was accorded the freedom of the city of London and King Ed- ward with great pomp and ceremony bestowed upon her. the Order of Merit," the . most exclusive distinctidnjn the gift of the British Sovereign. No doubt Florence Nightingale "was quite as deserving of. this high honor as any such an honor. man who had ever received Peace to. her ashes, the memory of her beautiful life of sacrifice and devotion will remain forever sacred in the hearts of all her sex who valor and of appreciate deeds of " "E.-W. - self-sacrific- e. B. LAWN PARTY AND BANQUET. most entertaining and enjoyable even ing ivas given byMrs Emma ti J enson at the. home154 North 2nd West Street, jure. Romania B. Penrose with whom Mr. and fhs, Jenson and their daughter Eva traveled ln Europe in company with President A. H. flnd wife arA AnrirrYiior and tf celebrate the arrival of the hostesses, in Salt . r r .ipm: 'lu:xunous home was 'moat 11 - nrtitiVll Their ranged and decorated with palms, sweet peas and carnations. Their beautiful lawn was.a source of great enjoyment owing'to its shade and wealth of foliage. An elaborate dinner was served, covers being laid for fifty guests. The ornamentations were exceedingly pretty and delicate. A special feature of the decoration being a silver cen-- . ter piece recently received from Mr. Andrew Jensen, being a presentation to him by the L.I). S. choir of Copenhagen, Denmark, where he is presiding over the Scandinavian Mission, as a token of love and respect for all his kindness and zeal. During the repast Mies Bessie Smith, accompanied by Miss Eva 11. Jenson, sang several' songs in her pathetic and graceful manner. During the evening several vocal numbers were rendered by Mr. Amer Hansen, Mrs. C. V. Anderson and the inimitable .George B. Mrs. E. J. D. Roundy made an Margetts. eulogistic tribute to the hospitality and kindness of the hostesses. All regretted when the hour of separation arrived and were unanimous in their expressions of pleasure at the enjoyable time they had passed and looked forward to another similar occasion, and desired that the same company might be privileged to meet again. .... f I fc' IT ne - arose as ircruv ieuf u lan. J vwen nacle onthat Sunday to speak. He said a nam iu iuuj, on uuwn,you Know you cannot say anything of account, you made a fool of yourself he last time you tried. : Sit down!'-He did not sit down but I did, MI will stay!" saying, Now that I had overcome the tempter, I 1 1 . 1 - . ; ' felt happy, though still wondering who would meet me and how my letter of appointment which I held with the address of the Elders, would be received. The lodgings of the Elders, I found, was not far The loud knock away from the station. made by the proverbial iron knocker of England was answered by the landlady, who informed Elder Sherwood that some one wished to see him. When his ice, illuminated with a smile of welcome, appeared at the head of the stairs, all my .misgivings were dispelled, and I felt happy. It was a new life for me, who had always been used to my own home, where I reigned as queen over my lovers, my ten children. I was away from all of them now, and my widow's dress reminded me of my condition. I secured lodgings in a Catholic home, and when I returned from my day's tracting and closed the door of my room, I was alone. It was a great change, but a needed one. It was a good cure for nervMaria Francis. ous prostration, which had followed my latest ordeal. I loved the work, and health slowly returned, despite some untoward conMISSIONARY EXPERIENCES. ditions I had to meet in the world. The Elders taught- me how to tract; toolr me (Continued.) with them to the street meetings, where I of my felt I could not speak, and encouraged me, During the ride to Euston,-visionfirst field of labor vividly rise to mind. until, like a little child, I could walk alone. It is nearly a year since then, and I am be- My daily experiences were always new, often coming accustomed to my new life, but my inspiring, and the love of the Saints and lone ride to my first field of labor, through friends among whom I labored, were precious forty miles of the county of Kent, the garden to me. Home papers and letters came regularly, spot of England, will never be forgotten. As I was about to enter a bus at the "Angel" and always proved a blessing. So the first I had been for Sittingbourne where assigned, winter passed away. One day a young girl whose parents lived I met one of the sisters who had come over in the same row as one of the Saints, sent wTith us to the Quinquennial Congress lately She closed in London, who was now leaving for' for us to come and administer to her. Liverpool en route home. "Are you going was home on a visit, but was very ill. Lying to remain in England a winter?" she asked. there on a little cot the hectic glow on her "I shall certainly try hard," I replied. "I cheek, a hacking cough and rapid' respirashe said. Think of tion made her look shockingly ill. It seemed think you are what an English winter is, and of your state to be an advanced stage of tuberculosis. of health! You have a good home and sons "Pray, sister," the brother said, and we all and daughters in Zion, come and return knelt beside her. The spirit of prayer came home with us. Why do you not return with upon me and a happiness unspeakable filled us?" "Because I am sent on a mission and the room after the administration.' When I called next day, behold she was well! and I am going to try my best to fulfill it." . Though L felt determined, the sister's spoke of going back immediately to her pot words cast a little cloud on my spirits. of duty. Being urged to rest a little while While waiting at the station for the train, I she decided to return in two days, which she looked over some of the papers just received did. This marveious case of healing was from home, and read of the death of one of the first I had witnessed in' the missionary the members of my theological class in the field. Her parents knew of the Gospel and makes no difference spoke well of it belonging ta the Sunday school. where we are, I thought now she was home Church, but did' not speak that way to those surrounded by loved ones, yet she had to not of us, though not speaking ill. The mother, it is said, stated that "she believed go. It is a delightful ride, passing villages, it was true but could not live it." Her orchards heavywith fruit, and the roads younger daughter came often to our meet But the far- ings with" one of the Saints little girls. and green lanes "of England. ther I got away from London the worse I They were grateful recipients of a wonderful identified themfelt, until at length 1 thought I must turn blessing, yet they never, the train around and go back, actually ris: selves with the Church. Just before returning home the mother wrote me a letter ing to my feet to do it. ..:Avoice was speakwishing me God speed to my loved ones. ing to me, you are a fool," .it said, "to un dertake this mission, Go homer to your and in fervent language acknowledging the and said that the -- healing of her daughter, y here r ToWdoneBT vou might-difrom them all and they would never forgive Urospei was irue. auuui iyyu jcaij the daughter married. Sometime afyou." Then I recognized it, I had heard it she was seized as before. To my mind came a statement, ter the birth of her babe ' '. made by one of our Apostles just before ! before and flied. - - s - . "It to-thos- e - e far-awa- axtci-war- ds 