WOMAN'S EXPONENT. rt.7livV V,avuiu Mir 11,111 , hi stvudl, nines Ul. ,int r i a, ' .. i r . it i I i va ncic io visit and cncour- - l aire instead of teaching.- Had a irrent d,ni , of work to do, but gave her Relief Sociefv' ion) - 31 - lV JUU M .Ii,v.vrrB E. Christensev, J ! 4- - - - ' J . , . take secretary. work' tne preierence.. bhe felt the Relief was a Society wprk great work,- and to do for our sisters and loved ones all we can while they live. - A reading,."My mother," was given In Sister Baj-n- Sister Sanderson of Fairview. al reported the Chester ward. They had not held meetings regular on account of so much sickness- - Wales ward was reported by Sister Ethel R. Dorius. Young mother were taking a great interest and a good attendance considering the small ward. f first to Society among help bihop and Re-liv- missionaries. Stake Counselor Isahelle Allred remrted tne. work oi me stake othcers. All wards had been visited except two, and the v. were account of sickness President Levee T. Stewart reported the .Mil burn ward as having a good attendance considering the scattered ward. Youn mothers were taking an interest in the work and all felt well in the cause. President Ericksen made a few closing re marks.- - Singing, "Come, Come ye Saints." prayer by hister Ceha Rasmussen. onterence reconvened at 2 p. m. : Sink ing, "Arise O Glorious Zion ;" prayer by bishop ixterson of Fairview; sinking' bv llir choir. President Hardy of Moroni reported her ward as still improving. All were united and she felt they were doing a great work. President Carrie Ericksen of the Mount Pleasant South ward reported. Meetings were mothers meetings . success- interesting: . . tin; financial conditions verv good, lhev helped missionaries and looked after the poor, tiad a good class ot teachers who were a great help. It was their aim to have all the sisters of the ward, belonging to the Church, enrolled in the Relief Societv. Sister Larson from Mnrnni favored lis with a song. Talk on the 'Early training of the child," by sister Alberta Jacobs of the Alt. Pleasant North ward: Sister Emily Richards gave a very inter- esting talk, lull ot encouragement and good a V,'e-- . e th Rtm,1nded A o'f.'r ...en cnnuren.- A.oum ieXi u.e ixcncx Society was making great progress, as they were renresentpri nstinna v nnr inrernation- j 1 - P15, - 1 allv ; JOSE1-I- I -- STAKE. Sa-len- ' . . Second Counselor Fannie .Kimball spoke on the propriety of storing grain, gave incidents illustrating the importance Of this movement, encouraged the various organizations to store all thev coutd, and in the best possible manner. Greetings and congratulations from Pres ident Bathsheba W. Smith were read by the secretary. Sisters Elizabeth Mood v and Emma Merrill having lately returned from a visit to Utah, and who are members of the .. n f, eacn gave a snort talk otr en- otaKe ioara, couragement to the sisters, felt that our Re- nei society organizations were in all their different departments, and con- gratulated those present on conditions among us being so favorable. A sacred solo was rendered by Sister Clara Brmkerhoff. splendid talk on woman suffrage was given by Chairman of the County Associ ation, Sister Inez Lee. A ftor Vni r1i c I 7i nr lilr1 I.''!! cilrl rn i . . , President Andrew Kim- . . . . of children's atti- tude toward, and respect to parents. Dwelt upon the importance of parents being kmd in thei demeanor toward their diificd w , , r .m .t..,. in au- -. children, having respect ior an tnose thority, that .they might set an example wnrthvof beinfr followed. After sindncr. fjie Spirit of God," etc., benediction by rnrv K: Tavlor. conference adiourned un- tjj 2 p. m. After the usual opening exercises, Mrs. n V. M. Burke of the League of the Territory, gave an able and instruct live talk on prohibition and franchise. vote intelli Showed. how impossible it gently unless one is fully qualified for the- same, and now that we are about to enter the tmioni advised the sisters to inform themselves .regarding the franchise movement. This was followed by a sacred solo by Sister Alice Pace. A paper on hygiene, and1 sanitation was read by Sister Pearl salient points Udall, which contained many ' for parents in the care of children, and showed how often disease comes in our midst through neglect and carelessness. I 1 1 .. 1 1 up-to-aa- i H-l- nt . s Song by Sister Kate Reese Lewis, of Wales. Sister Farnsworth invited all Relief Society workers to visit the Relief Society aj)artments in Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City. Said there were seven hundred Re Hef Society officers arid forty thousand members. Sister Penrose had organized many Societies in the British Isles. Gave valu-- able advice and encouragement. e' President C. N. Lund, of the North Stake was pleased to be present and partake of the pleasant and peaceful influence' that existed, was grateful fbr the work r 0 f the sisters in the stake. A.sked the Lord to bless and t v propser them. San-'Pet- ' Sister Celia Rasmussen explained the plans prepared fori the year's work. Presi dent Ericksen felt thankful tor. the timeuve-hahad and also for the visit of the sisters from the. General Board. ; d ' The Rebel' Society of the St. Joseph' Stake convened at Thatcher, Sept. 9, 1910, President lilizabeth W. Ea tnn presiding. the visitors were President AndrewAmong Kin and ball,. Jiishops from; the several 'wards. A good representation of the Relief of the different organizations were Society present. Conference Opened by the congregation singing, "High on the Mountain Top.'' Invocation by Hrother E. rS. Carpenter. "Should you feel inclined to' censure' was sung, alter which President Elizabeth Lav-toin her opening remark v, regretted that all the sisters in the stake were imt present, for she felt that we would have a time of rejoicing together. Thought that the mothers should make a special effort to come out on such an occasion. Solicited the faith and prayers in behalf'of our beloved President, Sister UJathsheba V. Smith. Was disappointed tnat we have none of the General Hoard to visit us." First Counselor a w Phillips as excused on account of sick- ness. Anti-saloo- is-t- o te - Josephine Kimball, r n, nt on C STr After a few choicc'.closing remarks. utE. W. iivtou announced that the con-- , lerence would be adjourned for six months. All sang the "Doxology," .arxj benediction was pronounced by Brother bVahk Kirby. t Secretary. LUCY WALKER KIMBALL. (Autobiography.) Lucy Walker Kimball J was Iwrn April M). 1826, in the town of Peacham, Caledonia Co.. Vermont. She was the daughter of John Walker and Lydia' Holmes.-Her mother was born April 18, 1800; married' April 18, 1819. Jler bather was baptized into the Church of Jesus Christ in 1832; the mother, two years later." They left Vermont in 1834 for the West. They 'found a small branch of the Church in Ogdensburg, ew York; some of Brother Kimball's first, converts, preparing to go west also. The' father was induced to remain with this branch until 1837. .During the year 1835 the children, who were eight years and were baptized by Elder Abraham Palmer. They were full of faith, having been taught to pray for their parents, and received the Holy Ghost by the laying on of hands, and the sighs followed them. Some spake in tongues, others prophesied; again others had the gift. of faith to hear the sick, etc. One of this little band prophesied that before we reached our destination we would armed mobs with black-ehe- d le surrounded-bfaces, and would need much faith in God to endure the many persecutions and trials before us, and that some of our number would lay down their lives; others see their brethren shot down before their very eyes. This was verified in the wholesale', lip-ward- s, slaughter at Haun's Mill. Notwithstanding what was said wfe did not falter in our faith but started on our perilous journey trusting in God. We passed through Kirtlaiul just after the Saints had left for Far West. When we arrived in Caldwell County we were surrounded by a mob of about forty persons "with blackened faces. They hooted and yelled and looked more like demons than . human beings'. It was early one December morning when this occurred. They ordered my poor, delicate mother out into the deep snow, searched our wagons, took from us our arms and ammunition; pointed their guns at us children to intimidate us and cursed and swore in a most frightful manner. One of the neighboring women had intruded her. hateful presence into Our camp, urging them to shoot. "Shoot them down," she cried, they should not be. allowed-tlive.7 The question may be asked how did we"' feel under these circumstances ? 1 can 'n speak for one, I did not tremble- I did not fear them. Thev looked to me too insignifi- cant, and I felt to trust in One, (although but a child) who held our destinies in his . own hands. We' continued our journey 'until we came tn a settlement on Shoal Creek,' five miles rlktant from Haun's Milk my father and another of the brethren .went to the mill to hold council with Brother Joseph Young nnd others, as to what course was best to pursue under the circumstances,: They were,. h inrksmith. shoo wnen a moD auueaicu ,r. in sight, formed in line and without giving . : 