; PTouisite cameo "'satchel.. -- pia and a handsome leather ..: ' ' . 'T'wt4ttle ' ' :- - Clawson, First Counselor in the Relief Society of that Stake made the presentation, in a few choice worda exfeelings of the sisters who posing the goodwith Sister Cannon in the are associated Stake and ward work. Sister Cannon responded in a short speech of gratitude and appreciation, after which refreshments, dainty and substantial, were served, and a most delightful afternoon was spent by those present. The. sisters who participated in the surprise wtre the officers oj the Relief Society of- Pioneer .Stake' organization and of the several wards - included therein. . Cannon has presided over the Relief Society in that Stake ever since it was Si-t- er r organized. RELIEF SOCIETY HEADQUARTERS. The Relief Society has .established headquarters in the Bishop's Building, N. 40 N. Main Street, Salt Lake City, just opposite "The Temple." The Society apartments are appropriately and tastefully furn ished, there is a large reception room, fitted up for regular meetings and general purposes, for the President and Board of Directors, and the President has also a private room adjoining, jpening out of the reception room, for her personal use, and there is another, room adjoining which will be suitable for entertaining and other puposes; also an office for theSecretary and the transaction of pertaining to the Society and its interests, and another large room for Committees and where the School of Nurses hold regular session's during eight months of the year. The apartments are quite suitable, and it is very satisfactory to be able to say that there is a place where the Relief Society has permanent headquarters. It is thft firt. lime in nil its historv where tViQ Clonora S,rJittT Vioo KorI rnnmn for flip transaction of business pertaining to the great work of this, the first and largest organization of women in the Church. The General Conference of the Relief Society will be held, as heretofore in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall. At the Conference in April the sisters from all the several Stakes and Missions will have an opportunity of calling at the new headquarters, where they will be cordially welcomed by the General President, and members of the Board, and in all probability an official reception will be given during Conference week, conditions being favorable for such a social event. It is a matter for congratulation that after so many years there is a suitable place for those who come from a distance as well as those residing nearer, to come and visit the President and those associated with her in the work that is so dear to the hart of every member of this large .and influential -- bu-ine- ss WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 45 br""' ttiat were possibJe.one would TaHW Mrv.--&t cam is tha fldvm nf know just what was the prevailing mbiive as I the ' suffrage, wave elsewhere than in free" a whole. Salt Lake City ia fast becoming ; America, chivalrous America, that .almost or commercial or both in before one'can record it., in cold type some one, following the customs, of the cities of other new development turns up. Let us V the world. just take a brief bird's eye survey of the situThe simple life has quite gone out of fashation as neany up-t- date as we can bring II - very-cosmopolita- n 6 ion, except in word-musiand everything in general is being done oi a grand scale. However we dwellers in this dear old Salt Lake City have Christmas and New c, Years' with fuss and doings, and of most us are glad it is over. probably There has not been much of the spirit of restfulness throughout the days or nights, but a constant going to and fro inv search of pleasure or happiness. After all, this holiday season has been the ushering in of a new year with all its wonderful possibilities for advancement, for progress, success and achievements, and we know not what it may bring in its long train of events and circumstances. The Church has grown to larger proportions in members and in many other ways, and in very many respects there is great reason for rejoicing, even though there may .have been sorrows and tragedies during the past year, as it were, yet while the people of the Church stand united in all great matters, aad the work makes such Saints may rapid progress, the Latter-dawith assurance look forward with great hope and trust fn God to the future. We are living today in the greatest dispen sation the world has ever seen, and the events that are to transpire aie only now being foreshadowed; and therefore we must expect strenuous times, and it behooves one and all to be upon the watch tower to and joyfully help and bravely stem the current of evil; and maintain the cause of righteousness, peace and truth, and the growth of true knowledge and intelligence at home and abroad. Great responsibilities reit upon all the Latter day .Saints, men and women, none are exempt, and therefore we mu.t not grow weary in well doing, and if a little "help can be given to other in the way of uplifting in word or in deed it will add "to the sum of life s treasures. A wise man once said. "It is not written, blessed is he that feedeth the poor, but he that considereth the poor. A little thought or a little kindness is often wrth more than a great deal of money." all-th- y : THE GROWTH OF WOMAN SUFFRAGE. In a very striking article entitled "The it. "New Zealand, of course, we all know about, where women meet men on terms of entire political equality at the polls, and where their influence has been so ealutory. "Australia ban not lagged far behind. As far back as 1902 the 'Federated r. States' granted full national suffrage to women. Last November even the somewhat backward State of Victoria ceded. All the women of Federated Australia therefore now enjoy full municipal, state, and national suffrage. "So, too, the activity in Finland, where the suffrage was gained Only three short years ago, yet where the powers of evil are already trembling in their boots. ' Conservative England some years ago here and there granted the municipal suffrage to a varying extent, and no observer y today doubts veiy seriously that the The buffiage is almost at hand. projected "betrothal boycott' and 'marriage strike' ought certainly to have some weight with peifidious Albion, if nothing else will. "Denmark succumbed last year to the demand for municipal suffrage. At the Copenhagen elections in March, the wmoen took an active part in the fight, at least a third of the votes being cast by them. According to official statistics the election returned 9.682 male councillors and 127 women ones. The battle i3 still on there in true Valkyrie style. '"Sweden has already capitulated. The Riksdag has recently passed a bill which enables all the inhabitants of the country, over twenty four years of age, to vote. So the unlimited woman suffrage is there already an established fact. so-calle- d par'ia-mentar- der a ban, so far as Old party polities are concerned; but nevertheless they are in great numbers adherents of the there. Once this militant party attains the power which now it is reaching out for, to the consternation of Conservatism, its women can at once turn their activities from the revolutionary party politics of national affairs. ."In Russia, Cuba, Spain, Japan, even Turkey, the agitation is going vigorously on. Iceland has it, too, and in no passive form at that. The suffrage movement is always gaining ground, never permanently Its outcome is, to my mind at losing. As women are least, positively certain. forced out into commercial and industrial pursuits, and are obliged by the growing power, of Industrialism to abandon the home, 'that sphere of woman no other possible outcome can result than just this fight and the winning of the fight. Behind it are powerful economic reasons; and economic determinism though it grind as slowly as the .mills of the gods, always grinds exceeding small." Social-Democra- Leaven of Woman Suffrage Around the World," published in the January Lippin-cotVMr. George Allan England says: "The average American seems to have hardlv more idea about the magnitude of this wave elsewhere than he has about the mountains on the moon, perhaps not so much. For any good telescope will show those mountains plainly, whereas the capiSociety. talist press as a rule very carefully supor distorts and ridicules the news presses V THE HOLIDAY SEASON. in re woman suffrage abroad. The limit of man barely exHoliday limes this year have Ibeeji very knowledge of the average strenuous for many reasons; in this city there ceeds this: that here at home we have four NOTICE TO SECRETARIES. were never before so many people,, or so 'states where universal suffrage prevails, that there are vigorous demonstrations now tak much to see or to. buy, the stores were beThe Relief Society secretaries in the sevand that 'women vote wildering with the array of useful and. ing place in England, eral Stakes and Missions are hereby officialin New Zealand.' .beyond tms nis informabeautiful things; and there were more entertion isnot likely to go, although his facile ly notified that annual reports must be sent tainments of various kinds and more alluremiddle of February. ments to attract both young and old, aside criticism and ridicule might indicate a in by the Emmeline B. Address l broader scope. from thehome pleasures and work. . V , vj Secretary. "As a matter of plain fact, that is not Observing carefully all that was going on, s. ' ' . I :; c'; Wells-Generai. cy 