WOMAN'S EXPONEOT, 2G '.' -- A PRAYER "' Lord: Dear LonUdnd t M t .iniiw gracious ijrn, i pray ' I . I punish, that 'if&y'So stroys J M&pZr:rYte man" who After which - "; ' de- spoke very inost tendcrlv "The Promised Land." Sis I he ixMd uie natnt auuui .a poem, liquor ter Annie Wells Cannon stjongw, a.iso among and closed Sister people, which by praying the young Chamber of Peace;" following hosts. to God of resolumother to strike help every Julia P. .M. Farnsworth read the down-thesto nard and. strike t put tions .Which had previously been accepted lead to delinquency among children. by the General. Board and were published in., Airs. Agnes01sen Thomas sang, "Rest our last number, the congregation stood during the reading and said Amen at the in the Lord,' after which the two address? close. Sister Alice M. Home paid a sweet on amusements, gven in full in another part tribute to her dear grandmother, and of this paper, by Sisters Annie K. Hardy arid Amy B. Lyman were given, and the thanked the sisters for their kind expressions. '.morning session closed by the congregation The services were opened with prayer by singing, "The Spiritof God like a fire-iSister Susan Grant, and closed by Sister F. burning." Benediction by Counselor Julina L. Smith. The afternoon session of the M. Lyman. conference. the following songs were sung: The regular meetings of the conference g "Mortals Awake," "A Poor began Wednesday morning. President EmMan of Grief," and "Our Mountain Home melinc B. Wells, and counselors Clarissa S. so Dear." Two beautiful solos were sung, Williams and Julina.L. Smith in charge. On one by Miss Minnie Poulton, and 'Rock of the stand were the members of the General Ages,". by Lizzie Thomas Edward. Board. Interesting and instructive remarks perA few words of by taining to the work of the Relief Society the president expressing jhe wish that we were made bv President Emmeline B. Well?.j would all .unite as one in' our great work and First Counselor Clarissa S. Williams, Sisexert our utmost energy to build up and ter Georgina Mariottv President "of North in of cause the this promote great Society Weber Stake and Sister Annie S. Musser, asked that the Lord's choicest humanity; president of Liberty Stake. Sister Emily S. blessings might rest on us all, that we might Richards, spoke on suffrage. All the counhave a glorious conference. The greeting sel and advice was most excellent, but there was respond to by Sister M. A. F. Keeler, is not space in this issue to publish it. The President of Utah Stake. She spoke most opening and closing prayers were offered l)cautifiilly of Relief Society work and the by Sister- - Rebecca N. Nibley and Minnie responsibility that rests on its members as II. James. teachers of mothers in Israel. In order to The officers meeting, held on Saturday, lead to guide and to assist in our many duwas given up almost- - entirely--: to - answrring ties, we sliotird bu Hkc the Savior as far as on Relief Society work and was it is possible. To the women of Zion much questions quite interesting. The conference was adhas been given and much will be required. journed for six months. Education is the unfolding of human naAnnie Wells Cannon, Life ture, the growing up of all things. Acting Secretary. from first to last educates. The enlargement of woman's sphere need not detract A LOVING TRIBUTE. from her of motherhood. In President Bathsheba W. Smith. looking after our daughters let us not forget our sons. Methinks the angels must have wept when she Eden's bowers, put on the garb of earth, Left The tenor solo, "My God, my Father, attendant of our birth, while I wait," was sung by Brother S. J. Mortality, Yet still the path to immortality. Winter after which Judge Alexander Was intuition pf her destiny of the Juvenile Court gave a most Felt by the mother:heart that gave her birth, Cradled and welcomed her great soul to earth, interesting and instructive talk to the womIn latter to stand, to act, to be? en, .whom he addressed as the mothers of With whatdays majestic mien she trod life's way, Israel. First paying a tribute-tthe presto Leading higher plane all womanhood, ident Sister Wells, having, known her ever Ornate with virtues gilding direst day, since he was a little boy and having worked Until High Priestess to her sex she stood; on her magazine The Woman's Exponent Eden and earth enriched, she' passed along Through-gatescelestial, joined the victor ''s U he felt that no one knew the magnitude of her work or the untiring labor of this gifted Nellie Becraft. woman. The judge referred to the unselfish and gentle labors of the Relief Society RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. and thought the women in the organization It having pleased our Heavenly Father to might be very helpful to the Juvenile Cour. call home , our beloved Sister Bathsheba AV.f He gave interesting recitals of conditions . Smith, concerning parents and children and the Be it resolvedj-Th- at we.lhe members of the laws governing them in early Rome and Relief Society of he Seventeenth ward, Sat England, and the revision and extinction of Lake City, while feeling to bow to. His will, some of these measures as time advanced, extend to the family of our dear sisteroqr sympathy in their loss. We feel that, their loss is until now all civilized people realized that ours, children should be dealt with in an entireIn the' ward in which she lived and labored, first as Treasurer and afterwards as President different manner to adult criminals. He, ly of the was honored and beloved. urged parents to be careful about children . Her Society, she was ever welcomed with joy, being out .beyond the curfew hour and gave and herpresence advice was an inspiration; to all to many instances of delinquency because of follow in her footsteps and work for the good ' the breaking of that law. He 'A.: i , A:. urged the of humanity. S. Fidelia . to be Jacobs, watchful and careful and spoke parents v , Johannah Broberg, very strongly concerning the cigarette habit ;'Mary .Garrett, t saying, if your boy comes home with die ; . Y. Merrill, Lydia scent of tobacco about him never rest until Abbie H. Cowley, A::" d Harriet Y; Morris, you find the scoundrel who sold that boy Elizabeth A. Hay ward. tobacco. He. is a violator of the law.- No Oct. 8, 1910.'. Thou wilt' look on all love Tenderly today. Weed their hearts of weariness; Scatter every care Doni.a wake of anKcl wi'iiks Winnowing the air. . e Hring unto the sorrowing All release from pain, Let the lips of laughter Overflow, again; And with all the needy Oh, divide, I pray, .This vast treasure of content That is mine today. James Whitcomb' Riley. evils-tha- . s -- Way-farin- -- THE GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY Relief Society Confer- ence for October, 1910, wasjipld in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, Tuesday and Wednesday, October 4 and 5 and. on Saturday, October, 8 an officers meeting was held in the assembly room of the. Bishop's Building. The conference opened with memorial services for the late President Bathshcba W. Smith. The music for this occasion was furnished hy the Temple choir led by Professor C. J. Thomas, and was lcautifiil and impressive. The choir sang, "I need Thee every hour," and during the services the following solos were sung: "Oh death, where is thy sting," by Brother Siddoway; "Qfcu My Father.' by Brother Geo, D. Pyper ; and "Sweet promised land," by Sis- The Scmi-Annu- al , . rr TlirkMi o c i77iV T 17 1 wo r1 r1rci nnr w t Vi o duet, "Who arc these arrayed in white," by Sisters Lizzie T. Edward and Maria Winder. The services were presided over by President Emmelinc B. Wells and remarks were made as follows: Sister Sarah Jennie Cannon spoke upon the General Relief Society work of Sister Smith, very beautifully touching upon her association with the great women of the past and her feeling of loneliness now that they all had gone before. Sister Emma Woodruff spoke of Sister Smith's great work in the House of the Lord and her wonderful attention and affection i 1. fie'. as i luwurus uie '...A.i'. mines oif ner omce leading woman in the Temple. Dr. Romania B.1 Penrose gavea talk on her long and varied work in the Relief Society referring to the extent of it- - she having been one of the. original members and working in different offices ever since, until she finally became the great- leader of the" whole Society. She further said, "She was indeed a queenly woman, and a faithful woman. She never with-osoiled her lins worrl ncrnincf - -w VXV WMtOk tb j priesthood, she taught us to be loving, kind, one. toward another, she was a woman of great virtue, a woman pf great kindness, a "mother to many in Israel. Sister Carrie S. Thomas read the following beautiful sentiment: . -- - np V - "I loved her gentle rule, 'her gracious way, Mother she truly wasand is today.' ' . Ever I see her with the e grace, Her pretty smile and sweet angelic face . . greeting-were-give- , . first-duti- es Mc-Mast- er, 6 4 r- . " . . old-tim- ' ! ' Gone on to him she loved so dear (long 'neath ' the sod), She now rejotceth in the Paradise of God . . ; .' We'll scarce have time to' miss' you mother dear So soon we'll overtake thee Ilea v'n is near!"' ' - - ",' . . . - - : 