..... t care of the Lord had protected them and they were very thankful. The comptinv arrivni in b'alt Lake City, all in .good health and September friends with glad to meet with many dear ' before leaving whom they were acquainted England. Brother Morrison purchased a house and lot in the Fifth ward in Halt Lake City and they were noon comfortably sitnat: ed, as thev had brought many necessary comforts with them from England. On the 28th of November Brother Morris mill on was engaged to which was being built at Farmington by Samuel W. Richard... Joseph Cain, and Elias Smith; Sister Morrison' and husband felt that they had much to be thankful for Not long in the land of their adoption. after being Fettled in their new borne in Zion Sister Morrison nave birth to a son, ' . 23,1-H56- , take-chaigefif- a -- who was named William (J. C. Morrison, , and there the event occurred Dec. !), was ereat joy over the birth of this boy.they felt surely the Lord had been mindful of thenfand life now seemed more than ever before worth living. On the HUh of March, 1S5?, another great blessing came to them. The opportunity to go to the Endcwment House and receive the blessings there and to be married for time and all eternity, sealed at the holy altar, by one holding the authority of the Priesthood. The next year a great change came into their lives for the Lord revealed to them the principle of plural marriage and they accepted it in the true sense and took another Sister Morrison, wife into the household. like many. other women among the Latter- day Saints, made this sacrifice willingly for righteousness sake, firmly believing it to be a correct and holy order of matrimony; the name of the young woman was Lucy Ether- ington, and they dwelt, together in uniiy. this momentous It was very soon-aft- er change in the family that Brother Morrison was called to join others of the brethren in Echo Canyon, at the time when Johnston's army were coming to Utah, a memorable event in the history of the Territory, the word was that the army was coming to exterminate the Mormons and devastate their homes and belongings. Sister Morrison with that supreme courage d the Women of those eventful days, was equal to the occasion and passed through the trying ordeal of leaving her home and making the sacrifice required in going with the "Move" south as the people were determined the scenes of the past should not be re enacted the orders given were to leave the city and Sister Morrison without her husband for the emergency. Sister Morrison sajs: '"Early in April I avas ready for the journey, taking with me my husband's second wife and my little son Willie, with our provisions .and clothing and bedding to surply our wants, leaving everything we owned behind, trusting to a kind Providence to open the way for us to recover what we had left. We-- traveled one week and arrived at Ephraim, Sanpete Co. (this was in April, 185S) we met with a very welcome reception from the people in the Fort, for the settlement was then in its infancy. Tnere was not a house to be seen from the time we left Nephi until we came to Fort Ephraim, so I made up my mind, to remain there feeling it at was the place the Lord wanted me to go to, as my husband was out in the mountains to meet the army and I did norknow when he could return, there- LS-lti- that-animate- !i .' in succession, and he was also appointed Postmaster of tw new town, and kept the office for many years and he held other ouV blankets for ces of honor and dignity. supply I bartered clothing and William Morrison died in 1889, honored the things which I needed; I rented a bouse, and respected bf all who knew him, leaving and paid rent three months in advance. numerous posterity to labor in the interests ' Next I bought a city lot and had it 'plowed a Zion. At the time of his decease he was and grain put in, then bought a cow, a pig of (58 years and eleven months old and he was and chickens. Hour, meat, butter,eggs,soap. and sincerely mourned and greatly missed b) the Every one treated me with respect in which he had lived and lakindntss and whenever I saw a chance to community for so many years. do a kind act I took pleasure in doing it, bored wo- Sister Morrison was a strong-minde- d thereby gaining for myself many friends man and bore the. loss of her husband braw-' who have been and are very dear to me to and of hope ly, and with the true courage this very day, it was some time in June beof God. fore my husband came to us not knowing a Saint On .May 11, 181S, Sister Morrison was where we were, he came south and inquired over the Re-- j at every settlement, until he reached Nephi. called and set apart to preside there he was told that a few families had lief Society of Mount Pleasant, Utah, and filled the position not only with great dig-- gone to Sanpete, and there he directed his and credit, but her charity and mag-- i steps and found hia family all well, with nity the people of that plenty to eat and drink and a comfortable I nanimity were boundless, house to live in, all of which was obtained vicinity never tire of recounting 'instances of love and humility and ready asby obedience to the commandments of the her great Lord given through his servant Brigham sistance for the needy and distressed often from her personal resources. She was the very Young.. The spring of lSoi), on the 13th of March embodiment of that "charity that never a daughter was born to these goodly parents faileth." It is stated that over one thousand if they "named her Williamina Henrietta; the little one greatly rejoiced their hearts and those who have died and are buried in the seemed a recompense for all their trials. Mt. Pleasant cemetery were dressed and laid out for burial by her without charge. Later the same spring it was deemed expedient to organize a new settlement, a little What a record of service for others, truly south-wes- t; accordingly, Mt. Pleasant was she went about doing good, and no doubt organized and settled and thither the Mor- she will receive an abundant welcome into risons removed, thinking it would be a bet- the courts of glory. The surviving children ter location hr a family. After removing to of Sister Margaret Morrison are William ti. Mt. Pleasant. Brother Morrison was appoint- - C. Morrison of Monroe,cSevier Co., lJtah;anh ed Clerk of, the town, also the Postmaster, Williamina H. Erickson of Mt. Pleasant, naturally being a man of fine education and Sanpete County. Sister Erickson is the 0f good ability, he was called to fill impor- - president of the Relief Society in North Santant positions of trust; subsequently he was pete Stake and is an able and efficient preA younger daughter Chris appointed assessor and collector. siding officer. The Morrison family were among the very tina, wife of Judge Ferdinand Erickson died foremost in the new settlement they had in Mt. Pleasant a few years ago, leavirfg two helped to make, as time went on there were very beautiful daughters. Sister Morrison and 3 trials and difficulties to meet and obstacles leaves IS E. B. Wells. to overcome, but through patience and perseverance they wrere able to endure all things "Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord, yea and to keep the faith for which they had from henceforth, they rest from their labors and In course of their works do follow them." made such willing sacrifice. time Brother Morrison increased his family, " "Blessd are they who do his bidding.!' eric-taking two more wives, making qaitea large The angel day and nighl; j. family although it was a very happy one. 'They shall find abundant entrance they Sister Morrison was the soul of kindness Shall walk with Him in white!" and generosity and was a mother to all in her numerous household. Brother Mdrrison prospered in business NOTES AND NEWS. and in course-- ' of time built a more commodious home which was known as It wouid seem that there is an inference First,, to be drawn from two simple facts! On the 15th of February, 1863, another militarist, the employer of cheap and of daughter was born to Brother and Sister child labor, the bribed politician, the conMorrison and they named her Christina temner of education, the liquor interest, the she was a very superior girl and was very brothel interest, every interest that sets its finely educated and her mother said of her: face against reform, from reform of the milk "she was surely the comfort and joy of my supply to disarmament of nations; is oplater years." "... ' posed to the political liberty of woman. In the spring of 1855 Brother Morrison Second, the biologist, the political econowas called to lead a company of fifty familmist, the statesmau, the sociologist,;the eu ies to' make, a new settlement in Sevier genist, the physician, the educator, the stuCounty; the town was named Richfield, and dent, and the moralist, are to be found in he was the first Probata Judge of that ever increasing number, advocates of her encountwKich office he held for five years, franchisement. Woman's Journal, Boston. fore I had to assume all responsibility. Hie destipeople in the country towns were very tute of clothing, and as I had a plentiful ! grand-childre- n great-grandchildre- n. Bon-Accord-cotta- R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 676971 Main Street, Salt Lake City: OUR SPECIALTY .ladies' ready-t- o wear garments OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. TRY US . 