'V.' care not when night epincs. on Or how the storm' may rage, It' God my 'Light in darkness is; (is pcade my soul engage. i - I lie will .be there! care And If He And I not when sorrows come grief to rend my soul my comfort e'er will be, keep me in His fold. My cross He'll bear I care not when sickness racks . And fills my days With pain, h" lie with, hope will buoy me up IVrchancevof health again, is will to do. Slut 6 if His wisdom rules it so, My chastening shall extend I'll love and trust Him thro' it all " 1:VPIAN EXPONENT. ,;r.9iAt; tmzt &HtAt ftivestt gators many of whom were at 'an assembyl of the oaints tor tile first time. All seemedliighly satisfied, and many expressed -it desire to eorne again. - The proceeds, 1 18s., will be applied on our piano account. The Relief Society of the Gainsbore branch (Hull conference) gave a very nice social on November 7th, .1910, at Vampley Hall. , More than one hundred saints and friends were present. Several of the friends donated their services free, both with the program and also with accommodations. Refreshments were served and a very enjoyable :time had, and great credit is due those who had the undertaking in hand, for it was a decided success. Thr numpv 111 be used to buy material for the Relief So- ciety. Millennial Star. "We have woivTn a clean, educational . campaign, and the men feel as happy about it' as we do, realizing that they' have done a" just and gracious 'thing, and that.they have simply been expected to do it, as soon as it was drawn to their attention. "We are receiving praise from all quarters for the kind of campaign we put up no personalities, no boasting of what we would do, no promises, no meddling with other issues, just 'Votes ' for. Women,' straighuhrough, because it is just and reasonable, and because it has everywhere been found expedient. "In some polling places women were givn places, and in some qur little 'Don't forget to vote for the Amendments' were tacked ( prl - ' ; And to His will I'll bend. 0 keep me true! . care not when death draws near If only I can know' His hand will safelv guide me o'er And keep me while I go. . He will sustain! m V. X, V V- - V V ' the wall. - -- We had a difference of opinion as to just what was the best reminder, so had three kinds printed. I enclose them. "The university precinct went in favor of three and a half to one; the City suffrage r t V Hall precinct, two to one; one precinct, twenty to one all in Seattle." up..X)n I And when at last, my journey o'er I'm safe from pain and sin, care not, if I can be Beside Him in Eternity; My God my Kinz! Hattie C Jensen. 1 HOW THE VOTE WAS WON. - STATE-O- a WASHINGTON. Miss Amelia M. Parker writes from Nov. 9, to the Woman's Journal, "It was a nLrreat victorv. J "The women at thepolls were wonderfully effective. Many young women, many women and white-haire- d grandmothers, too, stood for hours handing out-thlittle reminders. One was a girl of 13, and one a grandmother in a wheeled chair, the mother of a former councilman. "It rained our gentle, but very insistent kind of rain and the men were so solicitous ! They kept dragging us off. to get our feet warm, or trying to, or bringing us chairs to . middle-age- d RELIEF SOCIETY SOCIALS. Saturday, October 29th, .1910, the Halifax Branch" Relief Society held their annual sale of work. An excellent tea was provided, also a splendid program, which was very ably rendered. The room was crowded, about one hundred and fifty saints and friends being present. The sum of about 10 was realized, which will be used to relieve the wants of the sick and needy in the On ' branch. The Relief Society - of the Belfast branch (Irish conference) gave a party at the Meeting Hall, 40 Donegal Street, on Hallowe'en. The elders were invited to be present. All liada splendid time. An impromptu program was rendered, after which delicious refreshments were served, conspicuous among which was a surprise pie, made of cold potatoes and mustard, furnished by the elders. Searchers for curious facial expressions, had they been present, would. have been amply rewarded for their attendance. On Saturday everting, October 29th, 1910, a very successful and entertaining social was held at the Latter-da- y ville Saints' Chapel, Ne- Street, Middleton Road,01dham (Manchester conference), for the purpose of. procuring means with which to purchase forms for the meeting-rooIt was held jointly uy tiie Manchester and Old ham branches respectively. There were about one hundred and fifty saints .and friends present, the net Proceeds being 2 5s. 9d. There were many excellent numbers on the program, each per son rendering the part in a pleasing and 1 oiacLury manner. All present expressed m. themselves as having enjoyed the program exceedingly. On Saturday, October 29th, 1910, was witnessed the of its kind . ever hel4 by sus Christ largest gathering the members of the Church of of Latter-da-y Saints in the Keighley branch. The occasion was a con-ce- rt prepared by therelders, and a pie. supper kindly given by Sister Elijah Midgley 01 the Relief Society. The hall was filled to e The Swedish Woman Suffrage Associa- tion is making elaborate preparations for lavish entertainment of the International Congress to be held in Stockholm, June 12 to 17, 1911. The Scandinavian countries lie somewhat 'outside the usual. line of tourist travel, but na count ries. in Europe repay jmemore gejir erously for a visit than do these picturesque northern lands. Many a traveler has pronounced Stockholm the most beautiful capital in Europic, and one more modest desit in, or offering to hand out our ballots clares that, if this is not true, it at least occupies the finest position of any European while we took a rest. capital city. It js built on islands where the "One woman would not go into the poll"waters of the Maren, often called "The Lake' ing place as invited, because it was against of a Thousand Isles," meet those of the the law, but persisted, in spite of all the ap-- " and form a broad, deep bay studded peals of the men, in standing in the rain till Baltic, she was soaked; and that precinct went five with innumerable forest clad, rocky islets. It is rare that scenery so near the busy cento one for suffrage. tre of life retains its untouched freshness as ; "Another young woman hali a piece of is true of the surroundings of Stockholm. carpet fetched for her by a voter for her to Max Nordau irtwriting of Stockholm destand on. The men were everything to be clares that "the Almighty must have selectdesired, real Westerners, shall I say? and ed section a of Scottish lake scenery, a por they voted for us two to one, all over the tion of the sea coast of Naples, a few of the State. . islands, of Hyeres, some granite hill-to"Women would not leave their places unfrom the Ural chain, and then, shaking them til relieved, even for lunch, for fear of 'losThe whole thing appealed to well together in a large caldron, poured fhe ing a vote the men irresistibly. It was the first really mixture out upon the batiks of the bay of the Baltic, where they .form the capital of tangible evidence they had had of the strong the kingdom of Sweden and bear the name desire to vote on the part of the Women, C. of Stockholm. Woman's an ocular demonstration and It told in the " count. No seems oositivelv haoov. "Fvprvlmdv ' r J xi j j women bjut are glad. Even those few who NOTESAND NFWS. ideas are have coquetted with now inquiring if they may vote for presiA.crowdeU drawing dent, and the men are all smiling blandly; as held J)y Lady Brassey ton Tuesday, to hear if they had all voted the same way. Ifs. Parkhurst speak ton Woman suffrage, "The newspapers stood by us nobly. The ' Lord Brassey being injthe chair, lhe press of the whole State has helped us ; arid were present : Tpe Duchess of MarlI shall always feel personally- grateful to Mrs. Catt and --Alice Stone Blackwell for borough, Countess Torpy, Prince and Printheir generous gifts of moneand to Mar- cess Munster, Lady Wemyss, Lord and tha Gruening and MrsMinnie J. Reynolds Lady Wolverton, Lady Essex, Lady and Lady Ridhard Cavendish, the for their invaluable personal aid, and to the Sir Donalds. Mac- dear Woman Vjournal for the great work it Dowager Lady Arfaiq Hori. Mrs. Bernard Mal has done helping to educate the press of the kenzie Wallace, the ind Mrs. Sackville, State. Those Journals Have been precious, let. Maior the Hon.and Colonel Gathorne- Acheson out have West, and Lady of helped one them, they every our 'propaganda by literature' wonderfully. Hardy. London Timesj ps . . " nC. C ' anti-suffra- ge room-meetingv- as . tol-lowi- ng - Tweed-dale,Tb- rd : . 