Man'-i- TV r'IA.01IJfilN..i. i The Ballot in the Vl. W, H 0 CONTENTS. . PAGE I Celebration ....J.... 49 50 Woman Laid to Rest to the Relief Society in the British Komania 13. Penrose 51 Iples Aunt Zina, a Memory... Annie Wells Cannon 53 53 Ninetieth Birthday..., A. 54 Celia Smith Done" be Will "Tiiy Jleorpanfzation In .Memoriam Kelief Society Stake Reports: isancy m. iracy San Juan Oneida Juab Editorial: The Bishop's Building The World Builders ... II. Rea Woodman 51 SHIP AHOY! Madame Caroline M. Severance on her 90th Birthday, by Ella Giles Ruddy. do not ask which for an ancient ship is best, Reckless rest. to risk grim seas or stay in port Poised true to ' at parry thrusts of Time: defying wrong. Souls, unlike ships, 'mid storms, in their own might grow strong. Through stressful years your sails to harsh winds have unfuried, Of fibre firm they still 'face tempests of the world. High causes you've espoused and bloodless battles won; Now armoured for a cruise, you stand at Set of Sun. But back of it the Dawn for Womankind I .- down. Vou stay to joy!" W, Vfc bring to all "New tidings of great Haste women voyagers to hail the Ship Ahoyl Los Angeles, Cal. Woman's Journal. . BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION. MRS. FRANKLIN D. RICHARDS. January 3rd of the present year, witnessed Sister happy gathering of friends. Jane S. Richards, the nobleuntiring Relief Society leader and worker of this part of the vineyard, celebrated the 87th anniversary of her birth, at tbs cozy home of her daughter, Mrs. Josephine R. West of Ogden, where the honored lady is peacefully passing her declining years, tenderly cared for by a iweet and devoted daughter and other members of her family, loved and reipected by a host of friends, in a : community where her very name is held in reverence and esteem for her noble qualities of heart and mind and the great good she has accomplished. Truly she 13 one of God's noble whom to know has been to love. daughters, Every reader of the Woman's Exponent kaows Sister Richards as a pioneer of Relief work pociety andwili join with us in wish-wi- g for her as many birthdays as she may WIBP to eee. She was a member of the association in Nauyoo and from the early days oi Utah has stood in responsible positions, her life work before the people, lngm un- her 20jreLkD0w;I sterling worth, a very r - ,-- hr She was First Counselor to Aunt Zina I). II. Young, the General President of the Relief Society, and has traveled not only through the Stakes of Zion, but several times visited the east On important business pertaining to the welfare of the people she loved so well and among whom she had cast her lot. Since Aunt Zina's death she has been senior member of the General Board, where fche is loved, honored and respected by every member of that noble body of workers. Nellie B., Ogden, Utah. LOVINGLY INSCRIBED TO SISTER JANE 8. RICH ARDS ON HER 87TH BIRTHDAY. Dear heart, in this thine eventide, rest thee in Love s sweet bower,- While friends draw-nea- r and weave for thee chaplets for one brief hour, While hearts and tongues are all attuned to comfort and to bless. Until t he scene breath es forth of Eden's peace and - happiness. 'Tis only in mortality, speech fails us to reveal. For angels it is said speak forth the love and cheer they feel. Oft we our alabaster box pour not o'er those 'we love, Till their Gethiemane is passed, their spirits fled above. This human is; yet we, within the Gospel's glorious light, Oft catohing glimpse arid sound from yonder home so bright, Would fain lisp forth our love, esteem and reverence for thee, And at this milestone crown thee queen of heaven's royalty. Full well thou'et earned the laurels which thy friends to thee hath brought, . From rosy morn, through heightening sun, thy willing hands have wrought, The waning of thine afternoon, no respite gave from care, E'en twilight found thee at thy post, the Gospel's work to share, As child, as maiden, and, as wife, as mother, sis- ter, friend, In every need thy worth was proved, thy life ' works all doth blend, and beautiful, grand In one sublime, harmonious . whole, That well bespeaks thee, as God planned, a noble, perfect soul. a Thy trials oft have been severe, thy pathway rug-' . . ged, steep,' Yet with unswerving step you. marched, nor shrank when wavea were deep, awaits thee Thy record, penned by angel hand, up above, Where, clothed with immortality, thou It meet with those ye love. . so too thy evening to view, beautiful is Thy day hour, ... And friends delight to bring thee flowers of love .'::;:,tb deck tby bower. ; - -- . , the Nation. V, 1910. No. 7. And a they gather cIoec around to jreet, to cheer, tO bl('6S, May this sweet season he to thee one of true hap- pineps. And as the twilight deepens and the shadows eloper creep, May the angels chant thee vesperi while they their vigils keep, And may thy king, thy priest, thy lord, await thee by the shore, To lead thee to celestial joys with .Christ forever-mor- e. January 'MA, 1910. Nellie Beciaft. PROPERTY R10MTS OF mind. . see. Six ships - were builded once with prows" of prophecy, Stone Blackwell, Severance, Anthony, Howe and Brown. Not one of whose stanch masts can e'er be taken deviating, unselfish integrity to the cause of . 55 55 oo 50 52 52 53 49 rv:-S- We Power to letter the Weber Stake, being honorably released as acting, but sustained as honorary president on the division of that stake. President Bngham Young had great faith in Sister Jane, as he was wont to call her, and many times talked over Relief Society work with ner, in lact lie took her with him on several occasions when traveling through tbe country and organizing the Relief Society in new wards and places, realizing in her a master 54 Kiiza R. Snow Editorial Notes hip Poet Ahoyl To lea Zion and who love her for what she has done. tor 31 years (from 1877 to 1908) she was Make President of the Relief Society of the 1) . Rights of Women. U.Mabelle S. Cole Autobiography WA should SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH,S(MII)VINTKR NUMBER) FKBKUAK 38. Birthday Property A Noble Address Wo VOi1EN. At the outset it may be said that for cen- turies past a distinction has been made between the lights of an unmarried woman and those of a married woman, An unmarried woman has for a great length of time been recognized as having the same rights with respect to property as a man. Upon her marriage, however, she has been deemed to forfeit many of euch rights, as we shall later see. Personal property may be defined in general as anything of value, other than land or rights in land. For example money, promissory notes, furniture and the like are Women's rights with personal property. respect to personal property have varied greatly in times past, and now vary greatly in different states and countries. "In early times in England, their rights were determined by what is known as the Common common lawa-marr- ied woman acquired no interest in her husband's personal property, and upon marriage the husband acquired the absolute Law Under-ih- e ownership of his wife's personal property when once reduced to possession. This rule extended to her personal property acquired both before and during marriage, and to all So long of ber earnings during mrariage. as a woman remained unmarried, she could owl and control property substantially the same as a man could. Upon her marriage the ownership and control passed immediately to her husband, and his ownership and control extended to such property as the wife's jewelry, household goods, cash in hand, etc. Notes, checks and the like became his, after he collected the amount due upon them or sold them. Failing in this they reverted to the wife upon the husband's death. Such was the common law. But in very early times it was recognized by courts of equity that snch rules-- were harsh, and often worked a great injustice upon the wife, and accordingly if the husband found it necessary to resort to a court of equity in order to realize upon his 'wife's property the court would aid him only upon the condition that h do equity. In consequence the court would in such cases require the hus band to make reasonable provisions for the support of the wife, and such court would afterward scompel .the husband-t- o comply; with such arrangement under a penalty of imprisonment. In this connection it may be stated that at a very early date in England, courts of-- ' equity recognized under certain conditions what was known as the wife's separate es tate in equity. That is to say, a, means was . . 