WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 34 ejemate. his" just such a Jamily as feu-hav- e will adopt. 'them as my own. For present L would "advise you to sell your fects, place the .little ones "with some kind friends, and the. four eldest shall come to my house and be received and treated as my own children, and if I find the others are not content or not treated right, Itwill ."'bring them home and" keep them until you return." I wrung, my hands in the agony of despair at the thought of our being broken up as a family, and being separated from the loved ones. "But," said the Prophet, "my home shall be your home, eternally yours." My father sought to comfort us by saying two years would soon pass away, then we might beigether again. Soon after he left, my sister Lydia, aged eight years and eleven months, was attacked with brain fever. We had visited her several times anil found that all that was done did not relieve her sufferings and when we told the Prophet how very sick she was he told the boys to put a lied. in the carriage and he went with' them. ToTd the family that they must excuse, him but he was under the greatest obligation to look after their welfare and had come to take her to his own house where he could see to her himself. ffe took her in his arms from the carriage and baptized her in the 'Mississippi River; but-ia few days she too passed away. Everything, that could be done was done. But she was to join her dear mother in the spirit world. md we.-- were, left more kvely than before. Here allow me to sav that our own father and mother could scarcelv have done more or manifested greater solicitude for her recovery than did the. Prophet and his wife Emma. They watched with us by her bedside and when all was over accompanied us to her last resting place beside her mother. One after another were brought home until all the younger members of the family were there except the baby. Judge Adams and wife, of Spring-afielJjl., came to Tauvoo and desired one of the girls to live with them. We relucsister Jane to return tantly consented with them, where she had a pleasant home until after their death, when she returned to Nauvoo. My brother William married Miss Olive Ilovcy Farr, in the fall- ot 143. They boarded at the Mansion, six months then, went to housekeeping and took the children with him. begged the privilege of going T with them. thought it too great a task for his wife to assume so great a responsibility. The Prophet and his wife introduced us as tlTjeir sons and daughters. Every privilege was accorded us in the home. Everv pleasure within reach, was ours. He often referred to Brother, Lorin as his "Edwin." lie was indeed his confidential and trusted friend. Tie was ever by his side ; arm in arm they walked and conversed freelv on various subjects. He was with him when he was arrested at Dixon by Wilson and Reviiolds, who were determined to take him down the ussoun nut were iQi lea in this It was in this case "Uncle Billy" attempt.' Rogers, as he was familiarly cabled, made himself conspicuous in his defense, declared witn an oath that they could not come there and kidnap a man and take him away in that manner, iaia ne would be damned if Smith would not haye fair play. They Were forced ' "" ?v11 MuuugH luc siaie dv wav Ot f06trweafyfd"cored. the" I n , favorite : warmly embraced nun, mounieu ins nurc, and rode into Nauvoo. As they drew1 near the city the people turned out en masse to greet him. Brother Lorin went with him to Springfield to attend his trial ami had the exquisite pleasure of seeing him acquitted. At the time he crossed the river and was actively making arrangements to go beyond the Rocky Mountains, he said, "I have the promise of life for five years if I listen to the voice of the spirit." But when Emma and some of his brethren besought' him "to return, he said, "If my life is ..worth nothing to you it is worth nothing to me.' He well knew if was in the programme that he must sacrifice his life for the principles God had revealed through him. Death had no terrors for him although life was dear. I have often heard him say he expected to seal his testimony with his blood. He anticipated great joy in meeting his parents and friends beyond-the grave. He. believed that as soon as the spirit left the body Ve were shaking bauds with and greeting our friends." (to t.e continued.) RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. alberta stake. A special conference of the Alberta Stake Relief Society convened in the Carcston Assembly halL Amy Lyman of the General Board, Salt Lake City, being present. Stake President Mary J. Hinman presided. After the usual opening exercises, Counselor Rhoda C. Hinman welcomed all who had met together, felt the Lord was mindful of us as a people. Felt pleased with the presence of the sisters from Salt Lake. Sister Amy Lyman addressed the meeting. Had been much interested injistening to the minutes of the previous conference, and also with the lecture given on Amusements for Our Growing Boys and Girls. Gave an interesting talk on the same subject. Repeated 4r a saying of Mrs. Stetson, a noted American lady, who once 'said that women must have something to do to take up their time and energies or they would be apt to gossip. She had taken up Relief Society work recently and felt it the most beautiful in all the world. Said the good to be gained from this work is not all in doing good to others, but it is a great benefit to the individual. She had s,een and appreciated our outlines, felt that current events would be a good subject to add to our program, it will keep us in touch with the news of the world. Sister Sarah JEastnope View, aged seventy-fiv- e years, very beautifully sang a solo entitled, "The Daughters of Zion." Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry of the General Society addressed the meeting: Said she, had enjoyed very much listening to the song of our aged lady. Spoke of her kindergarten, work and of the enjoyment she has in, that work." Referred to the influence rmothers and teachers have on' the minds of their children. Parents must listen to tlic childish talk of their little! ones, and sympathize with their confidences, if they would claim the .same privilege later in their lives. Told the storv of the temptation and the gradual downfall of a most beautiful young, girl, whom she had recently seen 'in Lorin hurried on home', brought' death. 'Warned fathers and mothers againt d, -- " meV'him on fallowing their boys and girls "to "frff:?" He irony nome whjjuui a proper person to v1tlTllusT " t accompany them. Keep, them from you will never be obliged to draw nit in udv.iv , viiuujv.il o it via ait allCLU'U More by the influence of parents than by , what U said to them. Example goes much farther than words. Spoke of a number of interesting things she had seen and heard in the Juvenile court in Ogden; and of the hunger of" boys and girls for love and sympathy ; felt thankful for the struggles of this life, as well as the blessings. Told the story of the woman with the cross. Said to each one of us is given an individuality n other can assume. It is and each of us ta enable, us to perform given to lifel in our mission Miss Ida Archibald rendered a solo entitled "Love divine." tempta-tionan- d that-no- God-give- President Edward J. Wood spoke very highly of those of the sisters who have traveled so far from their ranches and towns to attend this special conference, after having attended their regular conference but a ago, and mentioned our Moved Sister Rhoda Hinman having been baptized by the Prophet Joseph Smith. "A good Relief Society is a great support to the bishopric of any town, or ward. May we never tire in few-day- s over our chihaving a constant watch-car- e ldren. Let us live a part of their lives for the future of this work depends upon the kind of boys and girls we have today. Sister Millie Matkin gave a recitation entitled, "The . Martyrdom of - the-- Prophet Joseph Smith and his Brother Hyruin." President Mary J. Hinman felt to thnk the brethren and sisters for their presence today appreciated very much the presence of our visiting sisters from headquarters, who have given its what we needed. Sister Nellie Pitcher felt the spirit of blessing resting upon her and proceeded to bless the sisters and congregation through the gift of tongues. The interpretation was given by Missionary Elizabeth Hammer. Closed by singing, "Do what is right." Benediction by Elder J. A. Harnmer. " Jane W. Bates, Secretary. NOTES AND NEWS. - -- Nauvoo. pf-'M- t. N The first legislation resulting from the adoption of the woman suffrage amendment to the Washington Constitution, was brought up six days after the election, when a hilt was introduced in the City Council of Seattle to forbid smoking in polling places at general or special elections. The purpose of the. proposed ordinance we are told, is to make conditions about the election: booths ' more attractive to women who may wish' to vote, or who may preside as election officials. . When Massachusetts granted school suffrage to women, in 1879, an' ordinance was straightway passed in Boston, forbidding smokfng at. the polls. Far from destroyin chivalrv' ennal siiffrnp-- p nrnmotes it Woman's Journal, A: S. B. The determination-o- f certajn heads of departments at Washington " to employ only men stenographers is a matter not likely to escape the. attention of the woman suffragists, or to be forgotten by them when they attain "power 'in politico Buffalo Courier. 