i qi iEsr Art ft i j bringing back the fqrmer day With remembrances enthralling, half-forgotte- n, Names ot those we loved recalling, olden Kchoes of the far-of- f from the hills of memory golden. M ail 1 tell you all the story. Ah we tit together feasting, What I saw while thus reclining, you how my soul went questing Far off to the long ago In search of our Kliza Snow? - Kadiant in the distance gleaming, I was conscious of a presence Thit with majtsty was beaming, And sweet music dream-lik- e trilling Till my very soul wai thrilling. come from fields elysian? Fresh as early dew6 of morning, standing just within the portal, Hueemy in her bright adorning, Filtered with that lofty tread Veiled in my6tic like the dead. Not a single word was Jut the manner was spoken. controlling; fwas a message to us bearing For our human lives consoling; In her hand she held a tablet, Which I never can forget. 1 on the tablet's shining surface Was a shield of tine6t tracing, And a couplet wrought with pearls set with diamonds interlacing. 'Purity Forevermore" The inscription that it bore. VISION VANISHED. Here she taught us life's great lessons, From the fount above obtaining; As we trod life's paths together. Always righteousness maintaining With that wondrous gift of power, Her true heritage and dower. newly-sustaine- Many years she served the Master, . Truth's great banner wide unfurling, o'er the world she carried tidings human souls uplifting; Gladdest message of true light Peering through the darkest night. To all Famous jewels she had gathered In her pilgrimage sojourning, Which eha scattered 'mong the daughters Freely, generously bestowing Precious truths, the choicest gems. Fairer than earth's diadems. Karest, sweetest songs of Zion That are sung with sacred feeling oiven her thro inspiration, Holy principles revealing Crown with honor her great name, Linked with everlasting fame. And we call her regnant-mother- ; in her chaste, pure life exceling lion's daughters down the - ages i i ltr:n .11m ner messages De tening. Poet! Priestess, Prophet too I Ml I nonor you. IsraelIt s hosts win Emmeline B. Wells. 1 lI- -ary . 21, 1910. - BATMSHEBA W. SMITH. 7 A TRIBUTE. J'i'e s waning, hours, like the Sybil's page; they lessen in value rise. Oh rouse thee and live! nor dream thine age Stands in the length of its pilgrimage, But in days that are truly wise." . ' As . : ...f V r j , - ' - It is difficult to 'write of one. who has f Hfi Art nr arri aaarx ar mnoh nn wnnsr 1 I r , Q I s, il lui ' life liaa'lieen so'fuU of the riclre'9,oi1 xi'ierv t in all and .ireorr-apparen- t ences; one stands bewildered in the midst of yet Hhe has kept abreast of the times; she the overwhelming fact of such great scenes "has never been behind in ?ood worksor in even sometimes tragedies, 'through which the part she has taken in affairs, public or men and women pass who have lived long, private, always ready, .punctual to time what tales the?e veterans could tell if one whenever duty called; in this one admirable could pause to listen; comedies too, pertrait she excels even now, when she might but we chance; cannot unfold the thrilling easily be forgiven if she were late at an apincidents that are too sacred for the public pointment, but no, she is always at her post No! nor would we if we could eye or ear. on time. and so we repeat again what shall one say Seventeen years in the Salt Lake Temple of this grand woman who stands among us four days a week.vhat a record it is! Sistoday like some great oak, under whose ter Smith has done more temple work than sweeping branches where all may come any other woman; think of the thousands know-hofor for and she lias 'met there "audio whom she has renwi.doin to seeking courage their lives may be so ordered that dered service. Are we not proud and gratified that we they may pass unscathed through fiery ordeals. have known her, that we shme of us have What life has meant to her ever since her served with her in thea field of woman's girlhood days, when she roamed afield in en leavor. Words are inadequate to expreis her fair Southern home "to be a Saint of our admiration of her chaste and noble life God in very deed'' this has been her great and example. far-oambition and desire. In that time, Are we not glad that ehe has lived to be when the young Elder George A. Smith Four score-aneight and vig'rous aa you see? came and in her father's house proclaimed Has phe not fought life's battle valiantly? the Gospel plan, she heard and treasured the words of life and salvation and believTruly the has been favored of the Lord, In bearing testimony of His word; ing with all her heart and soul, she entered in Israel mot assuredly. Mother in at the baptismal door; and anon love K. B. W. came, and the eternal marriage covenant: and ever since from step to step, up the long ladder of the narrow way, that leads from height to height, she has mounted HONOR TO RE NRINO OFFICERS. planting her feet secure and firm upon each A grand reception and banquet was given round, until she reached the highest step and there she has made her calling secure March ", 11)10, from one to 5 o'clock, at the within the holy Temple. Heber Amusement Hall, in honor of the Do you think this long life has been one retiring otlicers of the Relief Society of the of ease, far from it every 'quality of heart Waatch Stake, who were honorably, reand soul that she possessed has been called leased at the quarterly conference, Jan. 15, into exercise to help her on the upward way. 1910. after many "years of excellent service. There have been thorns and thistles, too, Fully five hundred people partook of dinner but she has not let them overcome her zeal after which a fine program was rendered, or fortitude, she has striven and gone past and each retiring ollicer presented with a all obstacles and by faith and prayer has beautiful chair, as a token of love and esAnd now we lee her teem from all the members of all the wards gained the victory. It was given under the manWho that in the stake. grandly beautiful at eighty-eight- ! stake offihas seen her in the Temple can ever forget agement of the her stately, dignified and royal manner. cers, with the assistance of the ward officers. To the youth of Zion she is a pattern they It was one of ths grandest social events ever may well strive to imitate, for she has been held in the stake and one long to be remembered. The Stake organization now etands prudent, wise and a marvel of industry; excelling in , most of the domestic arts as follows: President, Joannah E. Jensen; First Counselor, Margaret Murdock; Second and sciences. Counselor, Sophia Luke; Secretary and She is the only living witness of the validity of the endowments in the days of Joseph Treasurer Carlie C. Tidwell. the Prophet, she is the only one left of those who received these precious blessings in NOTES AND NEWS. those early days, and also of that noble band of women who met by appointment in the Masonic hall in Nauvoo, Illinois, on that Bpth houses of the New York Legislature memorable day March 17, 1842, when that have passed a bill empowering women in all cities of first organization of women, in all the world the towns, villages and third-clas- s New York State to vote on bonding propo so far as known was effected. How thankful the women of the- - Latter-da- y sitions. In Montreal, where women have the muSaints should be to have this living witness of these two wondrous events in their nicipal vote, they went to the polls in unpremidst at the present day, and to hear from cedented numbers at the recent city elecher own lips the assurance of these facts tion, and were a potent factor in helping to, The local confirmed. This testimony has been given elect a reform city government. the lead in this verbally to thousands who should treasure Council of Wyoming, took and this knowledge in their hearts It is very successful effort to enlist the women, made by the women's importantto treasure up the gems of truth common causeofwas all kinds, French and Engand knowledge of sacred things, spoken by, organizations The clergy men and women who were engaged in this lishProtestant and Catholic. - united in urging the great work in the. very beginning, who have of all denominations wnmPTi Voters to disregard considerations of valiant and fearless in standing stead" stood out clearly, Angel-face- s O her-labor- - 1 WOMAN'S KX PONE.Y.h - 1 hessa(ie;; iiting through ray mental vision b I pat while idly dreaming n'tin- silence of the night time ('nine fond memories o'er me stealing; fender voices seemed to whisper Softly as an evening venper. long past and 'V- k d , been fast for the truth, and seeking to promote the cause of righteousness. Sister Bathsheba W. Smith has preached the simple life by living it. Early rising, frugality, industry and "simplicity in dress and in household matters have in a marked ' : race and religion and to support the candiA dates who were for good government. corrupt and grafting administration that had long plundered the city was triumphantly turned out, and everyone is praising the :;.;' women.'; '. 'w ; 