ansVerrrrot my every call; for me life's sun is ehaded not why know I should learn. ail lessons the Nor i VV I 1 wliv He Nelson, I know not yet His purposes unfolding, And why gome blessings are withheld, know not how tomorrow will be ended. will bring'of joy or pain. I r Tin-hou- this l know, His will shall be my own-H- i.-; hand phall guide my faltering sten, Ami lead me on to heights unknown, Where I shall see His glorious face. I'.ut Km i UK Makskk. TO JULIA. " Let me tell you why I love you Why we're to each other clear: Tis because we dwelt together In a higher, holier sphere. Reared by the same fond parents, ---"J I I MTV the 'Mc- ninunnn vuuituiJO vv. -- I N.l I 1 . . met in earth-lifThe same old kinship true ' Brought each unto the other A mystic tie drew me to you. We pee alike the Gospel plan Which we had known before; And we revel in its music, Just as we did of yore e, When the morning stars together Sang that anthem sweet and grand, We were 'mong that sacred number-T- hat glorious vocal band; And we heard the mighty shouting Of our brothers tried and true, That another earth's foundation Had been laid for well we knew That we should dwell upon it, In a second grand estate, With power to win that glory Ftfr which all the righteous wait, And rejoice with Father, mother, As in the primeval life, If we could through this life's wanderings Do good deeds with honor rife. 'mong the highly favored, until latter days, back Kept When the Gospel in its fulness Would shed its glorious rays O'er all of earth's dominions. Uplifting iallen man, Kevealing truths kept hidden, According to God's plan. We were Well might His sons be joyful, His daughters, too, sing praise-As, looking down time's vista, They saw these wondrous days, When they should stand as saviors Upon Mount Zion fair, . Redeeming friends and kindred In the holy temples there, That the chains which had been broken -Might be welded once again, For great ones thus had spoken, And all echoed the amen. We are of the blood of Israel, A noble prince was he, And we hope to be an honor To our royal family. Tho' born among the lowly, We will rise to heights unknown, And, as saviors on Mount Zion, Be entitled to a throne. Mary A. Freeze. NINETY YEARS OF AGE. Sister Catherine Wingot, now residing in Monroe, Utah, has recently reached her ninetieth year, March 12, 1910. This aged woman has had. a remarkable life experience. She was born March 12, 1820 in .Nelson, Portage County, Ohio, her parents were Charles Hewlett and Margaret Noah I tniM1vii .tCSlillJUUV T - Uk :&mon Portage Courdy7uhit, Shrider. In the spring of 18.T2, the family moved to Jackson Co. Missouri, and were driven out of that county in November, 1833; they went about sixty miles away into Van Buren Co, there they stayed a few months only until with some other Saints they went back to Jackson Co., to get" something to live upon. They next went to Clay, Co., Missouri and remained there about three years; afterwards again went to Far West, from where they, were again driven by the mobs. Sister Wingot says when she was about nineteen years old the family wenfto Illinois, and settled in a place about thirty miles from Nauvoo'. She well remembers attending the first conference held in Nauvoo, on April 7, 1311 conference Hewlett was married to Cyrus Wingot. After her marriage she and her hushand moved to Adams Co.; Illinois, but in a short time moved again to Golden Point, seven miles from Nauvoo. At the time of the martyrdom of the Prophet Joseph and the Patriarch Hyrum Smith, Sister Wintrot's husband stood guard in Nauvoo, while she with two little children stayed in her own home seven miles away from there. After the death of the Prophet they had to move to Nauvoo for safety. Sister Wingot says they left Nauvoo in 1S4G, and went over into Iowa, where they lived one year, her husband working at his trade as a cooper. They started off in the spring of 1847 and traveled as far as Pisgah a Mormon camp, a company was fitted out at that place and her husband was called as a pioneer to go on and with their three children came on to Utah that year, and ar rived in Utah October 1,1847. In the spring of 1848 she says they had one bushel of grain to put in the ground, and they raised seven bushels from it though the crickets took the crops and garden stuff that year, and the aeople, as is well known, had little left to live upon, she says, we lived mostly on thistle roots and almost anything we could get' out of the ground. The family remained in Salt Lake three years, then moved to Spnngville and stayed there about three years, until they were called to go to Cedar City, Iron Co., to help strengthen that place against the Indians. Sister Wingot says "my husband died a few months after wejeft Springville in 1854, at that time wehad six"childrenT seven months after his death another daughter Mary 'Afterwards I went back with my children to Springville to make my home, and some years after I married again and had v . another child. Sister Wingot is the mother of eight chil dren, all well respected; in later, years she has lived in Provo and in Payson and also in Manti. where she resided for ten years. Since 1871. she has lived in Monroe, with. her children. Her oldest son died two years and a half ago at the age of 65 years, she and has a large posterity of 4 " grand-childre- great-grand-childr- : eri ; n and one d. great-greatgrandchil- as strong a .v T d AS'OUt; OvS-'J- -- . M. Swindle, ' SUCCESSFUL SOCIALS. The Relief Society of the Dublin branch (Irish conference) met on March 17, 1910, at the home of Sister Jordan. The elders laboring in Dublin, and Elder J. T. Wise from the Newry branch, were present. President Minnie Parker presided and reported the branch to be in good condition. .This society was organized in 1007 by Sister Romania L- - Penrose. At six o'clock Thursday evening, March 17th, 11)10, the Saints of. the Dublin branch (Irish conference) met at the meeting room and enjoyed themselves in a social, celebrating the anniversary of the organization of the society, and also St. Patrick's Day. An interesting program was rendered, some of the friends of the Saints giving valuable assistance. The Relief Society of the Liverpool branch (Liverpool conference) gave a, fine, social on the evening of March 17th, 1910, .the anniversary of the organization of this great society. A good program was rendered by local talent, President Penrose acting as master of ceremonies. A feature of the program was the reading by Sister Penrose of extracts from the speech delivered by the Prophet Joseph on that memorable day, March I7th, 1842, when the society was brought into being, the first women's society in the world. An excellent program was enjoyed by the Samts of the Swinton branch (Manchester conference), during the evening of March 19th. The object of the affair was two fold, partly for the benefit of the Relief Society and partly to honor one of the member of the society who will leave for America shortA nice work box was given the sister ly. Over 1 was collected to who is leaving. aid the society. Hull .The social held in Forester's Hall, was a (Hull conference), March 21st, 1910, It is only fair to say those who success. took part as well, as those who worked for its successful outcome, did so in a very credit-ahl- e manner. ' The listeners are also worthy mention as they were not few in number. The program was of a high class. A small charge was made for admission, which will go to purchase hymn books for the Sunday School. A finebox party was given under the au- Donegal Street Chambers, Belfast, on Thurs- day March 17th, 1910, celebrating the sixtyeighth anniversary ot tne organizauonoi me A lively and entertaining Relief Society program was rendered by the elders and members of the branch. Lunches were prepared by the sisters and airanged two in a to the box and sold, the net proceeds-gofnRelief Society to aid them in their labor-o- f Romania is. i enrose. love. g Ellis Meredith, suffragist, author and club woman, has been nominated by the new Citizens' Party of Denver for election ' ; . ; . .. The sisters who visited her recently and collected this iuformation for the Woman's Exponent testify that her intellect and memto attend ory is very good, and she is able ' MOIITENSON, Secretary. time-Cath- erine A 4.. V1CV - Pr'esf R; S. Sevier Stake, . was born." 111X5 . . HivT;iU " . Taught in the same great schools K'en the colleges of the nobles, And observed their righteous rules. Ho, when we III I' r UliUILll : V i -,r- u , e:they;were baptized into ... or WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ... Kk5raNAT10N. ! ;. . , Mme. Curi6 has been elected a member of the American Philosophical Society. Hers ; was the only woman's name on the list of fifteen members elected. VI'-- v. -- . 