WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ?jf Mainland ct ,, well educated in his native state-- Ma,. He played well on .1,, a ac!.uselts. ' W5"" mi..4 :2 r, Etti W v Wat Brother' oi all public meetings. v -- Peacock dunnrr the 'sprtnc'f d... Court. He acted as well 1u-jDi-m- my husband served as clcrk: Z ,7 " Tiii llute was a twenty-fou- r onv ;t!i(I very valuable. I ' JollK i V, V3'1 . v'-'1- '' ' silver mounted played in the first tin atcr. that was qrganizcd.in Manti, and in the Thespian Society we often sang duets. My mother, Diantha Morley Billings, was the first president of the first Relief Society 1IL ,rc .ZZ"?Jmi IStif .VTr ;. Mn: which, hy the way was the only instrument of nuis c which we had nt firf ... J' . v. . ct, LT? LT' ? Ju"""- - came into my my hus band, Brother Warner, in the Walker War. 1 lived a widow three years when I was married to Brother George W. Snow. I had four children belonging" to him. am thankful to'my heavenly Father that at the age of eighty, I have been spared and I am in fairlv pood health and that the Lord has' brought me so far along-imy I n journey mat l am permittea to anenu unv reunion and to be with my tnends ana relatives on this happy occasion. That I may continue to be blessed and to remain faithful to the end of my days, is my prayer. , R. S. REPORTS. : I Q;0rr,(U wtlv 1Q10 Koof of p in honor nf thf retir ncr nresif encv. LUCY Hnnf a;u, r:.i-.jA, cc;At.c 1ST1,V 11 Th DoVf Ao,-ic- o f r nA cw f nnfil 12 a. m. the time was spent in social chat- nnvT tir.'r ' l L.AW.. nnrtook II. I thpn Iin III llloMnr ' f'. Thpv J U. 111! Koi j ot a most excellent luncheon wnicn was io In Af 1711. I . A honor of the sisters of Byron. The tables 'were', beautifully decorated with flowers4 and -- fruits fresh from their own the credit and gardens. ; j . j ; At 2 : 30 p. m. the following program Was rendered : President Mary L. Welch presiding. Congregation sang, "There is Sunshine in my Soul ;" prayer was offered by . Brother-Ega- shine in your Sun-- , Singing, "If There's Heart." Address of welcome ; .1 J: uu,nwu Sister Thos. Elliot. Sister Barnes ot lre- j. 1 1 i. bociety of Big Cowley. Kdief So- - Augusj 18, 1910, President Mary Suigimj, "Come, Come W. P"? P"KS b' ? Uh ye iUou nt'ains singing, ' w.inuc; II.'rrK ' I . . President Mary L. Welcli said, "No doubt we felt; disappointed in not having visitors from the General Board, but as the Lord 'Was 110 re.sDector of nr;nn: wo rmil1 his Spirit just the same." The meeting, was dieaiieft oien for testimony bearing. Francis Crosby read a testimony of Sifter M. IsaMla Home, from the Woman's Fx ton ext. Counselor Barbara Lyman and Sarah Partridge bore their testis .mony. Sister Abbie Ncevcs said she received a testimony of the truthfulness of the Book of Mormon when she was only eight In the early days in Utah years of age. the soldiers came to her mothcr"s house and began to ridicule. the Book of Mormon; the Spirit of the Lord told her it was true, and she stood up and bore this testimony to the .soldiers. Sarah Clayton Partridge, Bishop Edward Partridge's wife, said perhaps she was the only one present that lived in the days of the Prophet, and she wanted to bear her testimony, that she knew he was a Prophet of God. .She remcml)ered the Prophet coming" to her father's house. She wanted her children to hear her bear this testimony: that Father had always been a true friaid of bexs, and she had never called. ... - on him in vain. Lois Vance, Lizzie Robinson, Mar Anderson, Jessie Taggart and Rachel Ellis bore testimonies. Millie Egan told how she had dreaded a death in her. family, and how the Lord had warned her of her Iittlc-bodying before hand so she was prepared. for it. Lucy F. Grant .warned the sisters not to make home made beer and wine to create an ap- -' petite for strong drinks in their husbands and sons, said one of her brothers had been made a confirmed drunkard through this. Mary Hopkins bore testimony she had never been to a better testimony meeting in her life. Sister Avilda Dickson hoped to always be worthy ot belonging to a Keliei y Society. President Mary L. Welch said she was thankful, for the testimonies that had been borne. It was a spiritual feast to all present. All were invited to stay to luncheon, which was served in the basement of the omp build in pf bvj the Cowlev sisters: r , the tables were tastefully arranged, andall enjoyed themselves in a temporal feast. Singing, "Prayer is the Soul's Sincere Desire." Benediction by Partriarch John Eyre. Afternoon session ""of conference was Pres. Mary L. Welch presid, called to order,"We Sister Bnggs Thank Thee Oh God for n instrumental selection by ing. Singing, teacner. a Prophet ;" opening prayer by R. M. Lynn; Brother. Elliot. The general and stake offi i leuei ui scatter imsnine. cers were then sustained, bolo, borne singing, from President liathsheba W. greeting Ballif. PresiHappy Day," by Sister Emily ' was read Secretary Irene Mar-chadent' Daniel G. Miller spoke for a short Smith, vocal solo by ; by ClaudjaSmith ; .testi et,time.-;Du"Light mony by Abbie Neeyes. ford Society1, After a few remarks by BishSarah All bore strong testimonies was adjourned. conference dD. Miller A. op Welch said the Lord had always been a Sister Benediction, "Doxology." Singing,friend .of hefsj gave evidence of the Lord r Francis Hunter. - .7 Laura answering her little boy's prayer. IMary E. Brower, "I Need Thee Secretary. Rappley and daughters sang, mont MaKe tn 1 Report of Yellowstone Stake Relief So- r:Ptv mnfnmnro nt Antlinnr Am, 15 19R There were, present Stake Presi-hghdcnt Danicj G. Miller, First Counselor Mar- ion J. Kerr, Bishop A. D. Miller, Sr., one High Councilman and Sisters Barnes, Ballif and Briggs of the Fremont Stake Relief Society.. President Julfa E. Miller presided. Singing, "We Thank Thee O God for a prophet;'' prayer by President Daniel G.' Miller ; singing, "We are sowing daily sow ing." President Julia E. Miller welcomed the sisters to conference. Parker, Wilford, Warm River,. Twin Groves and Ashton wards were reported as being in good con dition. Musical selection wras given by Sis ter Grace Williams. Counselor Mary J. ller advised the officers along the lines r th ciUf;es A reading, "The Lord looketh upon the Heart," by Sister Grace Z. Robertson ; solo, "There's a mother needs me now, bister Amelia Barnes. Benediction by Sister Em ily Lamborn Afternoon session : Singing, "High on the Mountain Top;" prayer, President M. TKWr- - cinmncr. "The Haoov Dav. " . Tt A T.M n r iuUra, bt. Antnony, luarybvinc xuu. ...nil J.J cu 2"ore branches were reponeu as uumg President Tuba E. Miller reported the stake. oiii;, L f STAKE. ts in it. TKfrTTnm Libbie Snell, YELLOWSTONE the present times h all their splendor and luxury, the auto- mobiles instead of the oxteams, the electric instead of the tallow candles, the gas U'ves- instead ol the old wood ones. I oon der on the works of the Lord and his mercy unto the people. V I have several relics with me which I have placed in chargre of Brother Tennant. and I shall be pleased to have anyone inspect'. them that chooses The Manti Temple has been built since I left the city but I have returned and worked IX llOiNOK OF KETIKliNCj Benedic- Acting Secretary. When I contemplate Amen. with you." . PJesidmg. wv: W - ot tlic Kclief "ce Stake was held in ls" .AI.V lim ril Relief Soriefv wnrl-- ' " J Artie Willi SI recitation. "Tnlin I Yurie n,1 Singing, The greatest sorrow which tion, Francis Crosby. life was the death of 1849. ... ' ht in . "' ' "oM sc., k re,e y ife s Argument," by' Kate Abram. Remarks were made bv stake prejfdencv, Cha A. Welch, Jesse W. Crosby and Bvron Sessions. Duett, "When you Bowed' this Morning," by Millie Egau and Bertha Ses, that was organized in Manti. All my chilsions. President Mary L. Welch then predren, except the last one, were born in Mansented the retiring officers with a token I have had eight ti. children, seven, of of love, purchased by the sisters, namely : whom were born in Manti. I have six chil- - Stake President Lucy F. Grant and Counilrcn living and 1 have had forty-eigselors, each a silk shawl; Nellie Jolly and and t twenty-eighgrandchildren Ella May a cracker bowl, after which they greatrraiKicniKiren. arose and thanked the sisters for the love We lived in Manti fourteen years and I and esteem they had shown them. Presishall always cherish fond recollections of dent Mary.L. Welch felt to thank all those the place. We came to it when it was bare who had worked so zealously in preparing and desolate and we saw 'it grow into a dinner and making arrangements for the beautiful settlement. I am the oldest living occasion. ladv ot tne first company that went to Man "God be ti y.uw- outuv wuiiv. spoKe on trie uu ics oi u SPOKe on V XVCiici nt " me," by-Wil- -- - 4 , 