in ntBanoUn tii haiit'of if i the. Women of Utah should be a 1'ower to letter the Home, the "Vol. :w. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, OCTOBER, Stattvnd 'the Nation. 1910 No. J. i it ' IJ 11 15 'i Air - v V- -' v ' " .--A ! " -i ' ' '" - ' 1 "'.'s"':'-- t A i n I (f EMMELINE CLARISSA S. WILLIAMS. nil I B. WELLS. JULINA L. SMITH. NEW PRESIDENCY OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. THE NEW PRESIDENT AND COUNSELORS OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY. The new president of the woman's lief valley past and the dorious present. How beauti Re- Mrs. Emmeline B. Wells is perhaps better known to the readers of this little paper than any other woman in the Society Saints. Never a number of the Exponent is issued that does not contain something from her pen and many times nearly the whole number is ler work. It may be a poem or historical sketch, signed Aunt Em, or a theme or editorial unsigned, but at any rate the paper is generally an evidence of her untiring brain activity. As a worker in the Relief Society her efforts are also well known among the people, for she: has been actively engaged in this work for the past forty years.- Foremost in "all interests, in the state for good but especially for the good of women Mrs. Wells has always stood, until it is universally conceded that she is the great leader among the w6men WZion and has endeared" herself to all classes by her gracious charming personality. Moreover, she is now the'bnly one engaged in the work of that 'galaxy of noble women Vho were so active in the reorganization of the Relief Society after the settling of the , . - ' . Latter-da- y - ; help-fulness-a- nd cnt manner. Sister Clarissa is one of those broad minded and well balanced women who naturally become leaders, drawing all people towards them by their personal magnetism. Her practical knowledge of Relief Society work in every department perfectly fits her for this new position and her counsel will certainly be wise and helpful. Sister Julina L. Smith, the second Counselor is also a practical and energetic worker among women having been a member of the General Itoard for the past eighteen years. While her line of work has been mostly as a horhe maker she has not con fined her talents nor interests entirely to her own family, but has reached out. her assistance and help in numberless .ways and many there are who praise her and call her blessed. She has made a study of nursing and obstetrics as well as every thing pertaining to the essential duties of motherhood and home making, and her excellent qualities and attainments will surely be appreciated She is endowed with by her that perfect mother love coupled with a true sense of the responsibilities of childculture which will enable her to impart valuable instruction to the anxious mothers and her deep religious convictions wiirhave a;iine V spiritual influence among the relief workers, Such a presidency bids us expect a rapid ' growth in advancement and progression and ful it is to know, that her long and loving service has received this honored recognition The choice of Counselors also has met .with universal favor, both Sister Williams and Sister Smith being women well known and beloved, and actively engaged along the lines of Relief Society work. ' ' Sister Clarissa S. Williams,, the first counselor has for the past nine years, acted as general treasurer of the Society in which office and also as a director of the Society her work has been invaluable. Though quite a young woman, she perhaps bears the unique distinction not borne by any other woman, of having served in every capacity in the Relief Society. .She became a member when just a girl of seventeen: and was soon called to act as ward teacher. Later, she was made secretary and irom that to ward president, A position which she resigned when placed on the general board and called to act as treasurer for the whole " Society. 'Still later when the Salt Lake Stake was divided her services wjere "again asked required in a local way and she was to assume 'the office of president of the Relief Society of the new Salt - Lake with her present position as c;tnt a general officer, a position which she most ; .numbers. admirably filled, tor some years resigning,g May heavens richest blessings be theirs., therefrom only after planning andVpromot-inWells Cannon. the work in the stake in, a most effici: ; world, for her position as its editor has made her name a familiar household word among all the a precious link between the historic . -- ' " . co-Worke- rs. top-ethe- r . ; . t-- Annie . 