'7 ......11 yV Y'jiiiiii if U Si I lands .of the , A. V. C. A. W. C. Mark Twain Mothers' Day..... 05- (5 Keinarkable Woman (Illustrated) Hem from Mary Johnston Ninety Years of Age 'fcuwesful Socials Brief History of a Famous Woman Keiief Society Stake Reports: Ogden, Nebo C5 A A tori al- - Tribute CO b'7 07 70 72 03 08 09 Land and" Inheritances "The Story of Mormonism" Keiief Society Conference (Jei.ej-a- l 09 In Mvmoriam 71 Obituary 72 The Bravest Battle... Joaquin Miller Hymn William W. Story lie of Good Cheer. Emilie Maeser Resignation To Julia Mary A. Freeze Poeiry: 05 05 05 GG 07 THE BRAVEST BATTLE. The bravest battle that ever was fought! Shall I tell you where and when? n the maps "of the world you will find it not; 'Twas fought by the mothers of men. Nay. not with cannon, or battle shot, With sword or noble pen; eloquent word or thought, From mouths of wonderful men. Xav, not with But deep in the Of woman walled-u- p woman's heart that would not yield, lint bravely, silently bore hei part Lo! there is that battle field! No marshaling troop, no bivouac pong; No banner to gleam and wave! Hut, oh! these battles, they last so long From babyhood to the gravel Joaquin Miller. HYHN. - "Leave God to order all thy ways And hope in Him whate'er betide Thou'll find Him in the evil days, Thine Strength and Guide, Who trusts in God's unchanging love Builds on the Rock that none can move. all-suffici- BE OF GOOD CHEER. By William W. Story. of good cheer, ye firm and dauntless few, Whose Btruggle is to work an unloved good! Be Ye shall be taunted by revilings rude, Ye shall be scorned for that which ye pursue; Vet faint not, but be ever strict and true; i 4 Greatness must learn to be' misunderstood; And persecution is their bitter food Who the great promptings of the spirit do. Though no one seem to hear, yet every word That ye have linked unto an earnest thought tiath fiery wings, and shall be clearly heard ... When your frail lips to silent dust are brought. (focTs guidance those noble thoughts that x keeps chime With the great harmony, beyond all time! In of be to better where among this hurrying mass there are a few sweet spirits, who can retreat to seques- thehurryand rush of life, in tered spots and allow the genius of the mind to play upon life's harp and bring forth music to the soul. Xo matter how great the resources of the world may be, her richest and most precious treasures will ever be the work of gifted souls. Many build halls and is may genpalaces, but it ius that adorns them. America is mourning now one of her most gifted sons Mark Twain but he has left his country so rich a legacy that though his soul has crossed the bar, his name is emblazoned ever in the book of fame. . It has riot, perhaps, ever occurred before in the history of the world that a man's genius should be so marked in the line of humor. The musician, the painters, the writers of greatest fame for ages past, are those who have taken th serious, the grand, the divine, the magnificent themes of heaven and earth for subjects. Then what ha3 Mark Twain done? Why, he has made the world happy, he has made the world laugh. The busy financier on the train to some important gathering has forgotten all his anxieties and sat in silent laughter, perusing the pages of "innocence Abroad" 60 lost in the mirth of the folded leaves that the porteL has tafecall him to his normal condition when it is time to leave the train. The tired laborer, after the evening meal, too tired to sleep, refreshes his soul with a chapter from "Roughing It," and after a hearty laugh has aided his digestion, lies down to pleasant dreams. The helpless invalid in the roller-chai- r sits in the park or on the beach and forgets the pains and sufferings of the body and chuckles over the discomfitures of "An American Client," while busy men renew their boyhood, and school boys make laughter ring over the adventures of Tom Sawyer and Huckelberry Finn. Women and girls are stirred to their souls over the heroic story of "Joan of Arc," as told by Mark Twain, and all through the many volumes where mirth and humor reign, is such a strain of true philosophy, and such a high ideal of the lighter vein of life that one loves the man who thus portrays and gives to us the silver lining instead of the murky clouds. One of the brightest stars in America's constellation is Mark Twain, and when we talk of monuments to great men let us not forget the man who made the world to laugh. A. W. C. riOTrlER'S DAY. 'Tho mpn nf earth build houses halls 'and chambers, roofs and domes, The women of the earthGod knows! the women build the homes." Ex.' i Mother's Day what a word of beauty, grace and rhythm! Why set apart a day to worship mother? Is not every day, yea of every: hour, hers? Who so fills the heart man. who so prompts the soul to good, who so guards the way, as mother? If not by her presence, by the remembrance of; her teachings, by the influence of her prayers, Sanctified is she for the crossing the shadpw- MARK TWAIN.-- 41 of Vtah xhould Vl the. lilil Home; theS(Ti7einrJ the Nalion; SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, APRIL, 1910. CONSENTS. i I Women Vol. 38.. 1 nl if The IhUot in the K ' nil "i thisage steam and electricity, of . stocks and bonds', of aviators and dirigibles, when humanity seems rushing alone the .stream of life at'a break-nec- k speed to see who can outdo his neighbor, what a relief it is to know that God still lives, d id that some ; . - No. 9. of death to give us life Sanctified for the succor and nourishment of infancy, for the guiding and care of childhood, the guarding and delight of youth, the sharing and help of sorrows and'cares that follow one in manhood. Oh, blessed name, what garlands enhance, what jewels magnify the lus-r- e of your crown! The halo of motherhood is an adornment for angels,' a glory for life eternal. And yet how sweet the thought that one day in all the year we can wear express some thought, show in some open way our reverence, our love, our adoration for the queens of the earth the mothers. . some-flowe- r, A. W. C. A REMARKABLE VVOHAN. MARGARET F. 0. MORRISON. Sister Morrison whose demise occurred Jan. 10, 1910, at Mount Pleasant, Utah, was a very remarkable character, and one of the most devoted sisters in the Relief Society and in the Church. She had lived to a good old age and her days had been full of usefulness and rich in the service of others beside her own family for many years. J MARGARET P. C. MORRISON. Sister Morrison's maiden name was Cruikdhank, her parents were William Cruikshahk and Mary Farquhar Cruikshank and she was born in Aberdeen, Scotland, June 5, 1823, her parents were honest upright people in good circumstances and she received a good common school education, but being the eldest daughter of a. large family, she was needed at home to assist her mother in domestic duties an especial delight,and was trained in the home to do everything well, Sister Morrison says, "My dear mother. used to say, it will 'Maggie whatever you do, do it well, ' not hurt you to have thorough knowledge and understanding of what a housewife's mother's kincV duty is and,'' she adds,-"my - r 