WOMAN'S EXPONENT j. 46 s Centre ill .. ( Oi7i row jrw'c w 4-?- .) " 7" f bound to them even in death, their gnvtrs mark the trail of the sturdy pioneers. posts, to The rising mounds serve an those who journey onward, ever onward-Leaby prophets and apostles they seek the place, where they can serve God, according to the dictates, of their own conscience, far beyond the boundaries of their fellow-maBy the ghnres of the g'eat Dead Sea of America, they halt their journey. ' The prophet speaks "This "is the place. Here where the mountains, eternal sentinels of heaven, ;vtr stand guard, and the voices of other ayes are still echoing through their waving pines this is the place." Here "Here shall the Tefnpie stand. shall the busy bees of Desert-- rear the sanctuary of the Lord, and the children of the to his name." Saints shout Watchman, what of the night, dawns the J5ut d ;'glQrio.o? vrv Avrttdea .eat W the ih sick of ihe aiillcted, but went out among all sorts of weather and in the dark hours of to'give aid to those in distress. Therefore we resolve to remember her as ene of liou!' Latter-da- y Saint, jewels and a true and faithful our r to we tender sympathy Jlcsofved, that ons and daughters in the loss of ho good a nu.tli-er- ; spread a copy of these resolutions upon the records of th Hoshen Belief Society and one to the Woman's Exponent for publication. p t!it-nig- Lydia D.'Aldek. h-i.- TRIBUTE UF LOVG. We will miss our dear, sweet bister, We can see her vacant chair, n Ho-anna- hs perfect day not yet? "'Across plains and seas send my faithful servants forth; this gospel of the kingdom, must be preaehed in all the world as a witness, to all nations, then shall the end come.". Messengers, thousands upon thousands,' go according to his word. In the mountain they plough and reap: the busy hum of industry ami life rings through the valleys." Heboid! The Temple stands, on its spot, and Moroni, emblazoned in gold, trumpet in hand, stands up on his ex alted station. Watchm-m- , what of the'night? Delayeth the Lord his coming? Tropbets and apostles are sleeping in the valley, heeding not the teeming, busy sounds. Wheat and corn flourish, where the sage brush thickly grew, and the sun flower raised its wanton, golden head. Streams innumerable, burst from Nature's reservoirs, hidden in .the" 'frozen bulwarks, that, surround thUCity of the Saints. The capstone of the Temple has been laid, while thousands shout "Hosannah to God in the highest!" Over bnd and sea the gospel still is borne, es. pre-diete- d to them who sit in darkness. To Zion, sons and daughters gather from afar; they would learn the wajsnf the Lord, and walk in his paths. O. Watchman, what of the night? See ye not the morning light? "Not yet, hath the end come, but draweth nigh." Thousands still groan under the oppressor's yoke, fheir souls in fetters bound. To them shall the gospel come, they shall be free! oenu mine oiner servants lorthl Prisons may await you their doors yawn open wide, But take your journey forth, though ev'rv" ill be tide. ueatn too, may close vour mission. Xntnrp0 earthly sleep. But crowns await the faithful, who their cov'nants .keep. A glorious one is'given to ev'ry martvredone. Whose jewels far outshine the glitt'ring noonday" eun. . Lol the appointed time, so long foretold js come, When scattered IsmpI inn ""el, ail oil u r ; . ' : i am with you aluavs, even to the end, Though by the world rejected, vet mv power Till v.- -v ' send, ', "'. The. gospel of .the kingdom must ail people hear ., Ere the, end Khali ho nr,A ;lu :.. an- " i-- oi .. -- pear. juujiuiuutAiirist - tribute to the memory of our beloved sister and counselor, Mary Tyndal Baxter, who deputed this life November 21, 1909. She was born in Glasgow, Scotland, February 12. 1826. When an infant she was stolen from her mother and was raised by a foster motlur who taught her to read the Bible, fear God and lead a good, virtuous life, therefore when she heard the true Gospel she was ready to receive it. , She emigrated to Utah in an early day and was married to John Baxter in the Endowment House in 1857 by whom she bore ten children, five boys and five girls, feven of whom survive her, two eons and one daughter having passed into the spirit world many years ago. In 1869 her husband died leaving her a widow, therefore she had a very hard struggle to rear and care for fo large a family of email children, but the Lord heard htr cry and blessed her and fitted her back for its heavy burden, She, being a natural born nurse, was much sought after by the sick and afllijted and At the first organizashe did much good. tion of the Belief Society of the Goshen ward she was chosen treasurer June 2, 1809. She was also blessed and set apart as a midwife and comforter of the. sick, which calling she labored in up to the time of her last illness. In June, 1874, she moved from Goshen to Spanish Fork, where in the year of 1875 she was chosen president of the Belief Society of that ward, and she Ipbored in that capacity until the fall of 1889, when she was honorably released on account of her time being so occupied with the sick, she felt she could not do justice to both callings. When the ward was divided into four in the year 1892, she was prevailed on to be first counselo to Sister Hansen of the Fourth Ward Belief Society, Spanish Fork, and she worked in love and union with the sisters for many years, and she was known by old and young as Grandma Baxter. Toe last few years of her life she has spent mostly among her children, some of whom live in Goshen, her old home for the greater part of her time, for the past five years, but she coujd not content herself to lead a quiet life but busied herself among the sick and lent a helping hand as long as she could. We have enjoyed her company and good adv'ce in our Belief Society meetings, where we listened with much attention to her good counsel, thrilling experiences and strong testimonies of the truth of the Gospel. She has done much work in the Temples of God for the redemption of her dead relatives and friends, will be there to meet anL welcome her rfor she has gone to her reward. kind Father Who has blessings rich and rare. 15ut phe's gone to tier A Amelia Gouri.ky, J I'M a M. Okelhekrv', I.lcV P. Taylo'k, .Committee. NOBLIE WOHAN SUHAIONEI). .- -I: EESOLUTIONS. - . Julia A forty-ontTyear- " "At Rest' tastefully arranged in twigs and green boughs. The large, handsome casket was literally covered ith floral offerings. Bishop A. R. Oapener presided. Singing by the ward choir, "Resting, now, from care and eor- - w row- - Prayer by Thomas E. King. Solo. "When we Meet on that Beautiful Shore' Mrs. Maggie Wixom. The following speakers spoke words of comfort to the bereaved family, and paid a high tribute to the character and exemplary ; Jife of .the deceased: Susana F. Booth, Louise Peters, and Emilia D. Madsen, Presidency of the Box Elder Stake Belief Society; Julia A. Richards and Esther Evans of the Bear River Stake-BeliSociety, Celia M. G rover, Margaret W. Manning, Laura S. Rice, W. L, Grover, Joseph Jensen, I). E. Manning and Bishop A. R. Capener. During the services Mrs. C O. Anderson sang the solo, ''The Choir Invisible,'' and Mrs.. Eliza Gleasdn read the following resolutions of respect from the Garland Relief Society: ef resolutions of respect. To the memory of our w orthy and beloved presiSister A. Julia dent, Bingham, who departed this life, September 18, VM). Whereas, God, in His wisdom, has seen fit to call home to another field of labor, our noble and faithful president, causing us to mourn her untimely demise, and we feel a it sore trial to part with one Whereas, w hom we so loved and esteemed as we did Sister Bingham, w ha always performed her work with an untiring devotion, therefore, be it v: Resolvedi that we emulate her noble character, and exemplify her teachings. And be it fur- ther . Resolved, that we extend our heartfelt sympathy to the sorrowing husband and children, and that a copy of these resolutions be presented to them, and the same be placed on the records of the Garland Relief Society. y - " Whereas our Heavenly Father has seen fit to call from onr midst our beloved sister and therefore be it Resolved, that we emulate-hemany virtues. feliln.0 hX"?ei andvmany deeds of love and so bounteously bestowed upon co-labor- er; r Bingham, president of the liar land Relief Society, wife of Sanford Bingham, Jr., and one of the most highly respected and influential - omen of this community. passed peacefully away, Saturday, September 18. UM, the eve of her wedding day, having been married jit The cause of her death was can cer of the stomach. Impressive services were held at the Garland Hall, Tuetday, September 2hat 2:30 p. in. A The Relief Socilarge crod was in attendance. ety Stake Boards of Box Elder and Bear River Stakes, also representatives from the Relief Society of six wards and. a host of relatives of deceased being pr sent. Numerous beautiful wreaths and bouquets of flowers were in evidence, and the stage curtain was draped in white, with the words .SUter . and-man- w Wa1iku)d.rtfi Temple ' and , rAnd Holy, Holy, be the name of all the land. ' night? 0, watchman,vetsav.thewhat of thelight? morning Dawns not World, hear the Watchman's sounding cry; 'The perfect day draweth nighV -- x ' Staktvahe " The choir sang , the anthem, 'Beyond this World of Sorrow,' and the benediction wasproi: ' n ou need by M oron jrWaTid;- -: The pall bearers were the Bingham brothers, as follows: B. F., John, William,' Joseph S., E. E., and Beason Bingham. The remains were intered in the city cemetery and a large cortege accompanied them to the graveyard, The grave was dedicated by0 William King. Sister Bingham w as sixty 'years of age, is by a husband.three daughters and one son, 1 ' - sur-Yiv- ei . 