WQ1LU S EXPONENT ... rVea1rrwivireiit to ihe work and to all conr interested in Xms w May life be Bweet to her here oru earth and friends while and relatives make her days serenely'happy cerned therein. she-remai- A ... Wh QifelVt . - JUNE WEDDING. "Wedded love is founded on esteem, Which the air merits of the mind engage, Voi those are charms which never can decay; But time which gives new whiteness to the swan, Improves their lustre." to-b- 1 4 .' salvat- g ion-promoting Wednesday June 22nd, ID 10, the marriage of Margaret Cannon and David H.Clayton, Jr. was solemnized in the Salt Lake Temple at The 'ceremony was performed high noon. hy President Joseph F. Smith. An informal reception was held from 3 to 5 the same afternoon at the home of the bride's parents, General and Mrs. John Q. The. simple decorations were in Cannon. yellow and green, mustard blossoms and foliage being much in evidence and attractively displayed with other simple llowers and vines. The bride carried a bouquet of white roses and was beautifully gowned in simple white muslin and lace; she looked as charming as the most beautiful Marguerite of the poet Tennyson. There were Cannons and Wells's and Claytons and Browns, and others .to ofTer congratulations and good wishes, and desires for their long life and happiness; and when the reception was ovet amidst the whirl of excitement the carriage was announced and the bride and groom departed on their wedding iournev. with showers of rice and an abundance of old shoes flung after them by the little folks of the family. There were no regrets and only a few tears for when the young girl leaves her home, there is always a loneliness in the hearts of the parents however bright thejuture prospects may be. - e ; AFTERNOON SOCIAL. June JSOih, a party of old acquaintances met at the Bee Hive House by invitation of Mrs. Julina L. Smith On Thursday afternoon, and Mrs. Donnette Smith Ke.sler. It was a beautiful day, and the warm welcome given by the hospitable hostesses was very suggestive of the enjoyment to follow. The Smith girls were very attractive and gracious in waiting upon the guests. The meeting of those who had not hail such ftn opportunity recently of conversing together was delightful, and one could not help recalling the old Scotch song, ''Should auld acquaintance be forgot and never brought to mind." However the guests were entertained with fine music, Marion Whitney Dinwoodey, a gifted contralto celebrity, sang several times, accompanied by Mies Sybella Clayton, whose fume as a also a number of pianist is songs were delightfully sung by Mis? The music added greatly to Glen Thomas. the entertainment of the ladies. hot and sumptuous dinAn ner was one of the delightful features of the afternoon, and was thoroughly enjoyed by all present, who did ample justice to the well cooked viands. Remembrances of Nauvoo and pio,neer days in the valley were talked over during the afternoon, and the hours Hew swiftly. Such occasions are rare, but it is good to meet together socially, and recall the halcyon days of youth, even more than the hard times. Of the number of ladies present at this Unique gathering twelve had lived in Nauvoo, Sisters Agnes Taylor Swartz, Mary Ann Oakley Taylor Lucy Walker Kimball, Delia Ann Bishop Pratt. Emmeline B. Wells, Hannah Free Wells, Susan cAlley Wells, 'Margaret Judd Clawson, Susan West Smith, Jane Pratt Kesler, Emma Smith Woodruff, Sarah Jenne Cannon. The other ladies present were Julia Cruse Howe, Elizabeth Murphy, Margaret Y. Taylor, Prjscilla P. Jennings, Rachel B. Patrick, Katherine Howard Brockbank, Mahala Jenkins, Sarah E. Richards Smith. The afternoon will be long remembered andthe kind-l- y feeling that prompted it in the hearts of mother aTid;daughter will be cherished while life lasts by all wh) participated in the v pleasurable enjoyment, loronio. old-tim- wide-sprea- d; old-fashion- Let fools spurn Hymen's gentle powers, improve its golden hours, By sweet experience know That marriage rightly understood, Gives to the tender and the good A paradise below. RECEPTION AT THE McCUNE flANSlON. ed , TESTIMONY OF SISTER tl. ISABELLA HORNE. Havingbeen requested-b- y the-Iate.Ap- -- e Sister Taylor, your father and I enjoyed the privilege of accompanying the Prophet on these visits. On one occasion, while eating dinner at the residence of Brother John Scott, the Prophet jocularly said to me, "Sister Home, you are literally fulfilling scripture, aren't you?" "How is that, Brother Joseph?'' I "You are bearing the Homes of asked. Joseph to push the people together," he replied. This created mueh laughter among the guests, During the year following the Prophet's visit to Canada, your father and I removed to the United States, and finally settled in Quincy, Illinois. In compliance with a revelation from the Lord commanding him to lay our grievances before the Judges, Governors, and even the President of the United States, the Prophet Joseph in company with a number of the brethren, came to Quincy. and the Prophet laid the condition of the affairs of the Church before Governor Carlin. On his return from his visit to Governor Carlin, the Prophet sent the brethren ahead on their return trip, telling them he would follow later. When he reached Lima, where they intended to remain over night, he found officers of the law awaiting him7 They arrested him. and brought him back to Quincy. This was Friday Evening. About noon the next day, the Prophet came to our house and said,"' 'Siser Home, the Spirit always draws me to your home." "Brother Joseph," I said,"you are always welcome. But how is it you are here when I were al most home- ?thought-yo- u 'Haven't you heard that I have been in court all morning?" be asked. j I replied that I had not. "Well, I have," he said, "I told the officers that I would be forthcoming at any hour in the morniug they might name.'if they would let me go, so here am. What - os: tie Abraham Owen WoodrufT, some, months prior to his death, to leave my personal testimony io my children concerning- the life, character, labors and mission of. the Prophet Joseph Smith, as well as the divinity .of the .covenant of plural marriage. I cheerfully'coniply. us follows: - . aiiaiwi, nc inquired woo me pre- siding, ollicer was. On learning that it was tin late President John Taylor, the Prophet siid. "Send for him, as I desire to hold a meeting with the people." When President Taylor arrived, Brother Joseph said, "Brother Taylor, I am the Prophet Joseph. I want you to call a meeting, as I would like to talk to the Saints.'' While in Canada he visited all the branches of the Church, and gave the Saints instructions on the organization and order of the priesthood, respect for proper authority, corrected some of the mis translations of the Bible, and took pleasure in answering questions pertaining to the gospel and the organization of tlie Church. Brother ami . We who The Genealogical Society of Utah gave a grand reception and musicale at the elegant residence of .Hon. and Mrs. A. V. McCun on Wednesday evening, June 15th, 1910. The elegant home opened its doors to a verj large number of the citizens of Utah. Three thousand cards of invitation were issued and many responded, the President of the "Society, the Right Hon. Anthon H. Lund, and the Vice President, Joseph F. Smith, Jr. were present in person, and Elder Benjamin H. Goddard, the active agent of this important work, was one of the committee busy in anticipating the wishes of all to take part in the pleasures of tlie evening. The music .was exquisite and the floral decorations were artistic as we II as fragrant. but the home in itself was the one attraction to those who had an opportunity to see all the beautiful furnishings and adornments. One, might fancy being in an old castle or abbey of the 15th century so far as elegance - and sumptuousness. only that everything bears the stamp of modern times. The half in the "upper story is so unique in itself that the dancing seemed a second con-- . siaeration tnougn tne music was cnarming. The committee of ladies were very attentive and solicitous to have all the guests meet the hostess and the principal people first shook." hands with him I was thrilled through and through, arid f knew that he was a Prophet of God, aud that tes-- , timony has never left me. but, is still strong .. r i .i i. i ..,,'1.,'.' i i a u uu Dci'ii uiiiii nit', hi muimur io me, so that I can now bear a fnithful testimony to the divinity of the mission of that great man of God. During the three days' series of meetings, held in a new barn which, your father had built, the Prophet, made his home with us. hip use or mis nam uecame necessity, because the Methodists, who were bitterly opposed to us, refused to let their churches to the Prophet and Saint". A an example of Brother Joseph's humility as well as his respect for authority, I mention the following: As soon as he reached When - far-reachin- . rfirst" nlet 7hle'4rrtpn'ef?tfseph 'Smith' in the fall of 18.wf at my home in the town of Scarborough, Canada West. together ihe evening entertainment was" a perfect success; but it is doubtful in onr mind whether th present comprehended much of the vast magnitude, of the work this new society represents. If an incentive to become members and enter into the spirit of this organization has been given through bringing together such a large number of people, then the entertainment has been agreatsUp in the advancement of what is accomplished in work for the dead in the Temples of .the Lord. ns awl comfortable.- . ... 1 