WOMAN'S EX PONENT. j'.-.y..- - .. 11 - Woman s Exponent EUDIELINE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, Assistant Editor. I'uLIiKh(l Monthly in Salt Lake City, Utah. Terms: one copy one year, $1.00; one copy tlx months, 50 cts. No reduction male for clubs. City papers dtliremi by mail,.extra for postage one year, 'J5 cts. Advertising mW: Kah wjW, tf lin of apace one time f'2.50; per month, $3.0. A liberal discount to regular advertise. Exponent office roorosL'B and 2'., 2nd floor Bishop's Uuildlng:, 40 North Main Street, Business hours from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. Address alljbusinesn cominunications to Mrs. E. H. WELLS, non-pari- Salt el Lake City, Utah. Entered at the Pott Office in Salt Lake City, Utah at tteond tlati matter. Salt Lake City, Utah. IN i'Hi:sii)i:NT - Septemher, 1910 flEnORIAAt. isathsheba w. smith. It would le inixssible in a brief notice of our Moved President, sister and friend of long years, to do any thing like justice to her memory, or to write even a brief sketch of her life, but we must make mention of her recent demise, leaving the details of her life until a later date. Our. hearts are deeply touched, she had been with us so long and we had hoped she might remain with us a few years longer ; but our Heavenly Father has called her home, and we feel to acknowledge his hand in this, as in all the dispensations of his Providence. Bathsheba W. Bigler was born May 3, 1823, in Shinnston, Harrison county, West Virginia, and was the daughter, of Mark Bigler and Susannah Ogden ; her father was a Pennsylvanian, her mother from "Maryland ; sie had a happy childhood in her dear Southern Ironic. When about fifteen, years old some Latter-da- y Saint Elders visited that vicinity, and she heard them preach and believed the message of salvation they brought to the people, and in August, 1&37 she was baptized into the Church. Most of the Bigler family" embraced the Gospel and soon after they sold their possessions and went to join the Saints in Missouri. On their arrival they found the people in the midst of mob violence; and the young girl Bathsheba witnessed many of the terrible scenes of that eventful period, that have since been recorded in Giurch history. After the troublous times in Missouri and moving from place to place, the saints, most of them, crossed over into Illinois", Brother Bigler's family with others; they went first to Quincy, and subsequently to Commerce afterwards Nauvbo, in 1840. Miss Bigler had met her future husband in Virginia when he was a young . Elder preaching the Gospel and renewed the acquaintance after gathering with the Saints. July 25, 1841, George A. Smith and Bathsheba W. Bigler were united in marriage, the ceremony being performed by Elder Don Carlos Smith ; at that time Elder George A. Smith was, the youngest member of the quorum of the twelve apostles. The union and subsequent life was a very happy - ' ' be eigMctu years o f age,"XEe. was slain by Nava; Indians u houiiiern.UTan wnue lining a mission ;o the 'Moqui 'tribe of Indians, November 2, 1860). The daughter Bath- -' sheba born in 'Nauvoo July, 1844, is, still leaii-tifliving, the mother of a very large and family, her husband is also living, Elder Clarence Merrill, both of this city. In 1843, Mrs, Smith with, her husband and family took part in .the exodus from Illinois' and during that terrible journey from the beautiful city Nauvoo to Winter ul -- Quarters, they endured great hardships; most of thcxexiles, indeed one might say all, passed through such scenes of trials and difficulties, as arc too dreadful to recall. The company with ,vhich Apostle George A. Smith and family came from Winter Quarters here, reached the Vallcv in October, ' 1849. ' Since that time Sister Bathsheba W. Smith has resided in Salt Lake City, except during the time of the move South, when the people vacated the city in 1858, but she only remained awav three months. The greater part of the life here of President George A, Smith and his family was passed in the building known as the Historian's O.ffice on South Temple Street, just east of main, and in that home President George A. Smith died on September 1, 1876. Sometime after her husband's demise Sister Smith removed to the cottage on West Temple,, her home ever since leaving the Historian's Office. It is well known to the Latter-da- y Saints that Sister B. W. Smith was a charter mem-Xk- x of the first Relief-Societorganized' in y Nauvoo by Joseph Smith the Prophet, and has continued in the work ever since. She has filled many prominent positions of trust and usefulness in this Society and in other Church organizations, viz: Retrenchment, Deseret Hospital, etc. In October, 1888 she was chosen and set apart as Counselor to Sister Zina D. H. Young, who had been selected President, after the death of Sister Eliza R. Snow, and, when Sister Zina was called home by death in 1901, Sister Bathsheba W. Smith was selected to fill the position, October 31, 1901, and was sustained at a special conference held November 10,,1901. Sister Smith filled this position with dignity and grace up to the time of her death ; presided at all meetings of the General Board twice a month, beside occasional special meetings, and regular executive sessions of the Society, and conferences twice a year. During the nine years she has been president she has no,t missed more than, five of these meetings, and has always been punctual. This is certainly a wonderful record andean excellent example for the voung women of Zion. When one consicTefrthat President Bathsheba W. Smith also presided in the Temple over the sisters there,' and gave four days in the week regularly to the Temple work, summer and winter, besides her home duties; one can see how diligent and industrious she has been, and her days full of active use-- fulness, an example, to' all Israel: In the midst of her daily labors.a it were. . Sister Smith was' suddenly stricken down on the 19th of June last, with an illness from which she never quite recovered ; although at times her friends were hopeful. All through these many months of summer her one in every, respect. - : daughter was at her bedside, and ministered While living in Nauvoo two children were with love and tenderness to every need, and born to them, George Albert who lived to anticipated every desire so far as possible. ' And at last when the final hour camefter an almost contmiious sleep of: three days and nights,, it was the daughter who attended to the last sad offices; but there-wano for or death as the of gloom, feeling poet : has said "Like one who draws the drapery of her couch About her, she lay down to pleasant dreams." IA1PRESSIVE SERVICES. The funeral of President Bathsheba V. Smith was held in the large Tabernacle in this city on Sunday, September 25, 1910, a very large congregation was present t6 pay honor to the dearly beloved President of the Relief Society. Nyjuerous floral tributes were tastefully arranged on or about the platform, and casket, the building was draped in white and the whole appearance denoted a delicate expression of the esteem" and reverence which was felt by the entire community. Bishop F. S. Tingey of the Seventeenth Ward in charge of the services. The Temple choir were present to render sweet music such as Sister Smith loved. Professor J. J. McGellan was at the organ and that wonderful instrument pealed forth a solemn funeral march by Chopin at the opening, and until the family 'were seated. The firt hymn was "When first the glorious light of truth." Invocation by Bishop George Romney, a fellow worker with Sister Smith iji the Temple. "O My. Father," by the Tabernacle Choir. The first speaker Was Sister Bathsheba W. Smith's Bishop .Franklin S. Tingev, who referred to Sister Smith as exemplary in regard to tithing, and donation?, and prompt in attending meetings in her own ward, he felt it an honor to raise his voice in praise of such a noble woman, and spoke of her being President for some years in the Seventeenth Ward Relief Society. Sister E. B. Wells spoke next, with deep feeling, paid a tender tribute to the memory of the life and labors of the' departed referred to the heroic women who had gone on before, that had been the g companions of Sister Bathsheba W. Smith, and who had like the one who had just left us. laid all upon the altar of their faith, and with their husbands, entered into eternal covenants and been true and faithful until deajh. Alluded to the testimony Sister Srrjith had always borne while she lived, and that there were few left now of those associated with the Prophet Joseph Smith. President Nephi L. Morris said in substance, Sister Smith's name was a household word, and spoke of her as a public character with all the qualities of leader-- ' ship; he believed woman's most sacred call-- , ing was motherhood, and spoke of Aunt Bathsheba standing as a noble princess in Israel. "I 'wish to express :my appreciation of this beautiful life that has just closed as far as this earth is concerned. She ever seemed to move, in peace and tranquility, there was something almost sacred in the atmosphere which 'surrounded her. How sweet will be the rest which has now come to hen in heaven." Sister Lizzie Thomas Edward sang the solo "Angels ever bright and fair" in her very sweetest style, with organ accompaniment. .. , President AntHon H". Lund of the First Presidency: "A mother in Israel has left -- life-lon- : , 