WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 53 14 -- rather uncommon Wills, who gave a few nis of ancient history, and read an original for the'OCCA8ion, Ui Quest and pueni written .' Menage." "Reading from poems, Sister Elizabeth "Bury rae Quietly when I Die," S. Wilcox which Sister Eliza wrote purposely for hr It was set to music and funeral services. funeral. Ming at the "Do you not think Sister Eliza was an :,ieal Priestess in the House of the Lord?" Sister Emma S. Woodruff. The response was brief, but in substance she gave her views of the woman as very devotional with most exalted ideas and sentiments and intensely religious, certainly expressing an ideal Priestess. "Sentiment from Poems," - Rebecca N. Xibley, who was excused, being absent. Reminiscences," Sister Susan Grant, who ,rave personal recollections' of old times of traveling with Sister Eliza across the plains in 184- 7- and the winter following, when they lived in the fort on Pioneer Square. "Aunt Eliza in the Lion House, Phebe Young Beatie who gave very amusing incidents about the life of the children in that of Aunt famous home, of Eliza helping with motherless little ones, the descriptions were vivid, and graphically told. "Sentiment from Poems,'- Sister Minnie James. The poem she had selected had been given by Sister Wilcox, and therefore she would refer to her intimate association with Sister Eliza, her frequent visits to her mother at their old home and gave one very remarkable instance of the gift of healing when she was very much afllicted and had Sister Eliza and been instantly healed. some of the other sisters, whose names she mentioned, administered to her. "What particular work of Sister Eliza's did most for women?" Sieter Julia P. M. Farns-wort- J' . - her-girlhoo- d, h. After summing up the many lines of work Sister Eliza engaged in for the benefit of woman and humanity, Sister Farnsworth gives the following as the greatest: "Sister Eliza's every effort, all her talents were directed and dedicated to the spread of the Gospel to give light and strength to God's children in need of spiritual food. Therefore.shehas leftto us a heritage, an. unsullied record, an unimpeachable testimony of her sublime faith of far greater value than any other gifts, or all other attainments the world can ever bestow.' ' "Sentiment from Poems," Sister Harriet B. Harker, another absent member. "As I remember Aunt Eliza," Sister Alice Merrill Home, who gave vivid recollections of Aunt Eliza's frequent visits to. the Histor ian s office, (the home of her grandmother, our General President) and calling on Aunt Eliza in the Lion Houee with messages from her grandmother; her encouragement of faith in the children who had a little Juvenile Societv in the Historian's Office, of which she was President; related some of the experiences demonstrating Aunt Eliza's faith in their gifts "and powers of adminis. tering to the sick. "Did you ever associate Sister Eliza with the home life, or was it aj ways as a public woman that she appealed; to you?" Sister Priscilla P. Jennings, referred to Sister Eliza with great reverence, and one apart from domestic life; thought her very spiritual, a Temple worker, one given to sacred tilings, ike Bible characters, like Mary and Martha, compared her to Mary, who would rathersit at thcHvwl"tASVArimA' listen In Mitt: 'Wris idned ;'tar' anoil - M a is more than a AUNT ZINA- -A r- Martha. She had often urged her to do more in the Relief Society, and she some-- , times wished'Sisler.Eliza had children and a family, then she would realize the care of home. "Sentiment from poem." Sister Amy Lyman had a quotation on "Courage," but the hour wis late and she was excused. "What do you consider Sister Eliza's greatest gifts," Sister Annie K. Hardy. From her remarks! we judge that she considered faith her strongest anchor. Sister Hardy related some intances.of her comforting her mother in a time of sad bereave ment and spoke most interestingly of this great and grand woman. "Recollections," Sister Annie Wells Cannon. She could not remembea a time when she dtd not know Annt Eliza, and held h?r in reverence, associated with Mother Whitney, Aunt Zina and Sister Home, who were of ten at her home in her childhood, and afterwards came almost daily to the Exponent office, told of her great love for all of them, of Aunt Eliza's numerous kindnesses and mentioned the early Retrenchment meetings when she was a very little girl at Sieter Elizabeth L. Thomas's in the l.'Uh ward when Sister Eliza had made a wonderful impression upon her. Counselor Ida S. L)u.senberry made a few remarks upon the success of the party and the sisters sane "Praise to the man who communed with Jehovah." Benediction by President Bathsheba W. Smith. MEMORY. to. give the ' In comfort's aft, '. That thou nifty's! consecrated he 'Ask (id . Aud.net apart Unto a life of sympathy; For heavy h the weight of1 ill In every heart, Ami comforters are needed much , Of tmich." Christ-lik- e It was the last "day of January. Tli.e day had seemed unubually long and cold and busy, but now night with its blessed quiet and silence had come. The home was hushed and dark save for the warm glow of the coal3 on the hearth. As the shadows flitted across the walls, and the breaking of the coals fell into fantastic shapes, slowly the pages of memory's book unfolded, ard the saintly presence qf dear Aunt Zina Young pervaded' the place. Yes, this 'was her birthday! Thoughts, sweet thoughts of her Hew thick and fast. Was there sickness? Was there ssorrow? Then he always came. Softly," gentry would she step into, the room, place her kind, warm hand on the drooping shoulders and whisper, "Do riot weep, be not cast down, be not afraid, have faith and trust in (iod." Her oval face with its freeh, e complexion, her clear, round eyes with their child-likexpression, made her beautiful to behold, while her motherly tenderness and sympathy instilled new faith, and her very presence was like a ray of golden sunshine. No voice more gentle, no step more light, no touch more tender. How she cheered the sorrowful, lifted up the lightened the path of the weary, wiped away the bitter tears,. strewed NOTES. EDITORIAL bright flowers of sunshine and of love all The illness of President John R. Winder along life's path. 0 blessed mother in Israel! How green has kept the people in suspense for some time past, vet the Saints have been hopeful will ever be your memory in tht hearts and homes of Zion, for the thousands of gentlt of his recovery and exercising their utmost faith-ihis behalf, for the people love him ministrations to the sick, the afllicted, the the bereft. ... de vo te v , and 'now that t here is a l most a desolate, whomever-hesitateShe it was never d.. surety of his soon being well enough to reshe when wavered heard the sume J is duties, and his place in the Salt faltered, never for and help, lut came cheerfully gave Lake Temple, where he has so faithfully cry of treasures. her officiated for so many years, the Saints bountifully like the perfume of the rose was love Her are rejoicing at the prospect of seeing his diffusing fragrance everywhere.. President cheerful countenance again. Thfl RhndnwH faded!j f hn emhfira died nnnn I Winder is very dear to the hearts of 'this whisto seemed and the hearth something people, and there will be a warm welcome .the. and the fragrance of incense "May everywhere for him when he can come per, such a life be reincarnated and scattered among the people. It seems very apparent life's thorny pathway. that the Lord has yet a great work for him again along Annie Wells Cannon. to do here upon earth; his life altogether has been a most remarkable one. rich in good , NINETIETH BIRTn DAY. works'and full of pr jphetic significance. CAROLINE M. SEVER NCE, The visit of Bishop David A. Smith to The lady writes a personal letter to the the Hawaiian Islands, whither he went so the people Boston Woman"s Journal of her 90th birthsoon after his recent illness that he was knew out, day. Mrs. Severance has been well known interested in him scarcely and to us and to all women im public life for on sea both has been a very pleasant trip, on land. His object in going was to bring many years. She is living now in Los home his brother Wesley, who had been fill Angeles, California, but was for many years and two last more, in Boston, where she was quite celebrated in years ing a mission the and had teen seriously ill of late with tyliterary work and one of the foremost 'in the phoid fever; and it was thought advisableJul-in-to advancement of both men and women for a the public good, in those earjy timea, with bring him home. The mother, Sister L. Smith, accompanied her son David, Emerson, Whittier, Margaret Fuller, Louise and as she is familiar with the language, Alcott and other eminent pedple. Her birthday was December 12, 1909, and she will be sure to help the Relief Society advice was kept at her own home on that day in over there, and at any rate give them are we aware Los Angeles, where members oLher family and encouragement, although home,-LCaat us behind all the way from Boston to be present they are really not much . also a favorite cousin came from St. Paul; even if they do laoor unaer great uisauvaui-agesSister Julina of there were greetings and tributes by teleThe home coming Smith and her two sons will be a joyful phone and pen, and in the annex to her" event at the Bee Hive House, and no doubt library, a perfect bower of bloom and frafrom grance of the rarest flowers California prothey have enjoyed their little respite "n:. - v. ''''.V. duces. home cares and business. -- girl-lik- e down-hearte- d, - n 1 1 . me : . 