38 under the' direction of bishopric, also the "drapery of meeting' houses for use of sisfunerals, Was pleased with reports of .Sociters, and: felt to encourage' the Relief ety workers. Sister Romania lUPenrose of the General Board spoke of her labors in the. Relief Society while in .Europe. Said that these organizations were increasing and the sisters were doing a good work, as through them many doors are opened to our elders. Relief Society also a great helf) to the missionaries in helping look afterthe joor. Six to seven hundred women of Englano! interested in Relief Society and ,are. all. united. Urged the young women to learn nursing and how to care for the' dead. Prayed that the Lord would hlcsfT the Relief Society workers in the Pioneer Stake. Sister Sarah Jen'ne Cannon of the Gen eral Board expressed her pleasure at being able to attend our conference. Encouraged the sisters to strive to go ahead and not be content to stand still, said she knew that in times, of sickness, a visit from some of the Relief Society sisters was very helpful and through the faith that was manifested, it was all that was needed to raise up the afflicted. Thought that if we all had the desire, we could get to. our meetings, no matter where we lived. President A. W. Cannon said that she was proud of Pioneer Stake Relief Society; they were a noble band of sisters. "We. are made up of wage earners. in Pioneer Stake, but we have a fine record in our charity work. Told of the duties of nioth-ers.ttheir children ; and of the object in preparing the present Outlines. Time is about up for our morning session, and we hope that all will be here for the afternoon meeting and that many more will attend. Asked a blessing on all Relief Society workers in the name of Jesus. Amen." Closed by singing, "The Spirit of God.". Benediction by Sister Mary A. Hadley. ble whose', name, has bcen.jriscribed on your, roll call of Presidents tor inc last nine ,cui3. Inv mnrnimr. o' IHl muni ifl.tuin.u three of illness an . after September 20, 1910, months. Hit name was known throughout the worli, and her beautiful and blameless life .stands as an example worthy of emulation, and an incentive to all women in every bind to go and, do likewise. active' and efficient in Mrs. Smith in her long -many directions rind had learned of experience, the richest and best lessons wisdom from the open book of life itself.The best description that can be given of this great woman in brief i portrayed in . the following verse : : ti il.'TU All' and grain!, Matin-Vtiqiu i idy woman. in command, Kcgal in manner, courteous her face ami Of reverential presence, with hope and grace, Radiantly fair, beaming Her Vibrant life (Jix1ong sweet symphony Of d ii t v. love and soulful harmony, c A W. K. B. - With greetings anl congratulations from the Woman's Relief Society to the National Council, and the earnest hope of a greater future and larger fellowship and good will and love and the promotion of all the lofty we principles for which the Council stands, are faithfully and loyally yours for every' righteous cause in the way of progress. Fraternally yours, etc., Emmeune B. Wells. . o. RELIEF SOCIETY REPORTS. PIONEER STAKE. . i Minutes of morning session of Pioneer Stake Relief Society conference, held in the Stake I fall. October 28, 1910, President ComAnnie Wells Cannon presiding. menced bv singing, "Come, Dearest Lord." Prayer by President Wm. Mclchlan. Singing, "Let us oft speak kind words." Stake well represented and reported by the President. The wards were all in a good condition, fully organized with a band of sisters who were' working for the benefit of the people. It was reported that there was not much sickness at present, but several cases of needy whom the Relief Society were looking after. Several of the wards have appointed sisters to look after ' " - ' - - - :. Afternoon session opened by singing, "Our Mountain Home so Dear." Prayer by Sister Bosina Lambert. Singing, "Jesus, I my cross have taken,Vby Primary children from Ward. Theaeneral and Stake Officers were presented and unanimously sustained. Sister Cannon greeted1 the sisters. Referred to the extremes of fashion and unbecoming behavior among the young people and felt it was the mother's duty to see that their young people do not overdress and to look after their conduct. "Sisters, the different departments of work. said that Sister Jacobs of Pleasant Green try not to burden yourselves with needless she had noticed that the best workers they work; be more moderate in dress and thus had in Relief Society were the young mothsave time to spend with your children. Eiir ; tertain them with stories from your own ers, after thev had once become interested and to get them acquainted with this work, life, your parents and the Pioneers, and thus she had found that the bes.t means was to make them acquainted with the history of personally invite these young women to the their ancestors." Expressed the joy she felt in working among the sisters of Relief meetings and give theni something special ' rto do. . Society. f The President" reported that there was a Sister Penrose, said, "We can't hear good the and advice often enough. Glad to meet 'again slight increase in the attendance J-work progressing.with the sisters. Relief Society sisters acsolemn Solo, "One sweetly thought," by' complishing a good work. Had been in the Minnie Poulton. world, but no place like Zion. Churches in Counselor Claire L. Clawson spoke .on the world are being depopulated. Spoke of the "Testimony Meeting." Commence on the different customs among the churches time and make metings interesting by ocin Europe. "Many people of the world .do casionally introducing music and reading. . not understand parts of the Bible ; call .Invite young sisters to do something. Have them' mysteries. Through the Spirit of God these things are made clear to the Latterhymns selected before meeting time. Relief Society to look after the Sacrament ta -day Saints. .Mothers should be proud - ; " - ; . - - - ; " - " ' . ! if ,.thebave Lt Felt tliat7 Americans do not the world. rejoice enough: for their liberty. Related some experiences of our misi'onaries, where they had been imprisoned and even banished for the sake of their religion Described some of the places and scenes they had visited. Urged the "sisters to do their duties as Relief Society workers, and hoped that 'the people would be united and not let our enemies get control over our "beautiful homes here in the mountains. , Counselor Louie P. Giauque had great h enjoyed the conference thus far. Felt it a pleasure to raise her voice, in song and SaiiiK prayer with her sisters. "Latter-da- y is have no time to waste as there work for all." Spoke, on "The Sewing Meetings.' Open by singing and prayer, and close with prayer when possible. Commence at 2 p. m and sew perhaps until 5 o'clock, instead of a few working hard all day. Introduce a little music'arid reading in sewing meetings. Sewing teachers prepare work for the younger women who do. not care for quilting or sewing carpet rags. "Frayed the Lord would bless us in our work. Sister Emmeline B. Wells, General President said it was very beautiful to meet on such a lovely day, and to see so many present. Pleased 'to see president Mc Lachlan. Felt it an honor to be associated with men who hold the Priesthood. Relief Society the first organization of women that there is known anything about. This organization the mother of other organizations. RelieLSode work among the women of the world. Referred to the sewing meeting and the good that is there done for the poor in the way of qifilts and clothing. Felt that the people should pray that they might do the right . . thing pertaining to our government. Invited the sisters to visit the Relief Society headquarters in the Bishop's Building. Said a the last time she was Jiere, President W.. Smith was also present. Felt that the Lord had spared the life of Sister Smith to an advanced age so that she could bear her beautiful testimony of the truth of this Uospel and ot the rrophet Joseph Smith. There are only a few living now who personally knew the Prophet and President Brigham Young Sister Smith was anxious that the sisters keep up the old fashioned ways in Relief Society; the teachers are the backbone of this organization. Knew of sisters who had visited their blocks as teachers for forty years. ' Said she was, sorry that she could not have been here this morning to hear the reports of the wards. Had expected her counselors, Clarissa S. Williams and Julina L. Smith to be present, but they Bath-sheb- were detained on account of sickness. Urged all to be faithful and introduce only those things that are good and helpful; prayed .the . .. Lord to bless us. President Wm. McLachlan had enjoyed the remarks of the sisters during this conference. Bore testimony of the. good work of Sister Cannon and knew that her judgment was good. Greatly enjoyed her visiting with them at the ward conferences now being held through the stake. I Urged the sisters to bear their testimony to their children. Felt to condemn the fashions among our people. "We do not need style if we have the Spirit of the Gospel. Urged the mothers to see that their girls are more modest in their dress. Pleased with the work the Relief Society sisters do among the sick -- - 