wmJANIS EXPONENT;- - ftflta seemed to been anopteu untilhersome heart: ouo:ioiu-jiCTk.au- a 1 Emma Hale it nearly broke; Smith had been very particular to keep the Ij can rememl .""hid of hearimi m about the stars falling from heaven, and ray mother saying, "Praise God, the Lord is : merciful to us." , About this time great persecution began against the saints, and I remember.sceing the ilames when my uncle Isaac Morley's cooper shop'was burning, having been get on fire by. the mob. 1 ahall never forget the sight of those flame, I remember hearing my mother tell of the persecutions of the Prophet Joseph and Edward Partridge. My mother said that the wives of these two men were lamenting to her. that their husbands hadbeen tarred and feathered and pent home to them to be cleaned. Our house wan threatened to be burned, and niy father was at that time guarding the Prophet, and my mother took three of her youngest children; I among the number He was too old to Calvin Ueebe's house. to serve as a.guard, and ..while. goinjLjhere, my mother, fearing to take the highway, dragged us as speedily as possible through the brush and over the stones. Once coming to the crossroads, and having a lantern hiddtnjunder her apron, she was frightened nearly to death by seeing the Hash of. a sword in her face,. held by a man behind a large tree. He was guarding the cross road. His name was Morgan Gardner, and he immediately reassured her by stating that he was a friend and not an enemy. My limbs were torn and bleeding when we reached the Beebe house, where we found about twenty- five or thirty more women and children assembled, I remember well how my limbs bled and how I dared not murmur, or make a sound for fear of arousing our enemies. We were soon put to bed and the women remained, on guard through the night. My mother told me that during the night, the women took turns for two hours each, in putting on the old gentleman's clothes, and walking the dooryard with a gun on their nml lrfprnnnr (Timrl Onpo i vcViitp horse that was browsing in the door-yar- d was shot and killed by the enemy. They it a that was probably presumed person to whom they were hostile. These events happened during the persecution in Jackson a County. I When was five years 'old, my parents moved to Clay County, Missouri, and there we were all taken sick with chills and fever. There was no one 'left to wait on another and my mother had to wait on herself and fiVirmlflftr the rest of the family including my father. During the period when my father was not suffering with 'the chills, which occurred every third day, he succeeded in raising a About this time crop of corn for bread. when my youngest brother was nine months old, we were all separated. My father, mother and baby boy were taken tp Partridge's home to be taken care oi on account pi sicxness. uur tamily was brought together after awhile and we moved w est. 1 remember to seeing the Prophhere et for the first time. He was taken in this place and the brethren all prisoner their arms to the mob. My father gave up was in the battle of Crooked Pviver and stood between David vPatten and William Hendricks. He saw David Patten mortally wounded and William'. Hendricks shot through the neck, (he lived to come to Utah but afterwards died from the effects of the wpund). The bullets were tlying in every direction, but my father had no fear until he saw David Patten fall, then he stepped behind a tree until the enemy had ceased Bishop-Kdwar- r-a-r -- enemy thinjeini the number was greater fact a anu nau warneu many people than it really was, lied, leaving ineir uursee not to secret, mention it to "the child, but the and equipment behind them, of these the came out &t last; however, she appeared brethren took possession. My father obnot to be very much affected. tained a beautiful mare and saddle, and M after awhile Emma Hale taught her to look upon her remember hearing hfm say that she was a this she had always done, and fine animal. Having no feed for her, he as a mother, for her continued. She was hitched her in the hazel brush back of the Emma's love of the Prophet. house for the night, but during that same "proud to be the daughter rooms there were In one of the night he was called away. It happened in three mummies, reception two men and one woman, this way.' On his return from the battle, in of great interest to us to view which A. 0. Smoot was also, and where. my and it was father had had no sleep nor rest for five days them, although they gave me a very- strange and nights, bemg very much exhausted, he feeling of awe at times. During the times of the persecution of the told my mother that he wanted to sleep for two hours and requested that she bathe his Prophet, especially when he was in hiding, feet and put clean stockings on them while he would sometimes be allowed to visit his he slept. But before he had slept an hour family for an evening and during that time he lie was suddenly aroused by a call from would request my father and mother to come Hosea Stout, who had been in the battle, to sing, for him. They would take me with stat ing' that he must get right up and Jlee them and whenJoseph found that I could within two' hours. They feared that the sing" a part alone he requested them" to bring would sing his farorUe hymns, enemy would pursue them on account of me. We the taking of the horses. My mother hastily "When Joseph His Brethren Beheld, " "Reprepared whatever food she could in the deemer of Israel," "The Spirit of God," and short time and he left with the rest of the several othen. He would have me sit close party. As we afterwards learned, they to him and laying his hands on my head would say,"My little sister, you will be able reached Lima, Illinoie, after suffering considerable hardship. My father had his feet to sing the songs of Zion as long as you deHe has also blessed me on different frozen and the only food that was left after sire." - ! 111' Decome so mspirea their short rations gave out, was slippery occasions ana ne wouia elm bark for themselves and horses for three with the spirit of the music that he would days and nights. The first news that my clap his hands and shout hosanna to the mother- had after he left, was a slip of paper Lord. I was always very much affected by the posted somewhere on the road, stating that he was well, but on account: of "conditions spirit which he manifested. ' ""At first I did at Far West, the post- not know what it was, but my mother told at the master, W. W. Phelps being an apostate, it me it was the power which Joseph possessed. was necessary that their namea be change My mother sometimes did knitting for in order to correspond, and he took th6 name Titus Skinner and "she was to be Emma Hale and one time when I took Diantha Skinner, and so they corresponded. some work home, I was ushered directly We suffered very much that winter, I re- into Emma's bed room, when some person member how cold it was, as ourhouse was jumped behind the door. Emma called to open and not finished, the fireplace especi- him, it being the Prophet, and said, "Do ally, having no hearthstone; and we h?.d to not be afraid, it is Mrs. Billings' young get elose to it to keep warm. We often daughter." It was the timof a raid, and when Joslacked for food. During the following spring Benjamin Slade took my mother and her eph appeared from behind the door, he put children to Quiney, Illinois where" we met his hand on my head and. remarked. "God my father. I remember this trip very well. bless you, you won't tell where I am, will I We traveled with my father to Lima, where you?" I replied, "No, sir, I will not." he visited with his friends who had taken would have suffered any punishment before care of him when his feet were frozen, and I would have told where he was. It made after remaining there one winter we contin- me feel so strange at thelime when he put ued our journey to Kauvoo, which we reached his hand on my head, and again I asked vin 1841. my mother why it was, and she said it was I remember the temple built on the hill. the power which he possessed. The Prophet's house was located on the (to be continued.) flats near the Mississippi River, while our house was situated in the northeast part of the city, close to brother Heber C. Kimball's. I went to school with the Prophet Joseph's A TRIBUTE children. The schoolhouse consisted of one To Sister Celia E. Hunt Bean, who was called room, containing about thirty children, and home, May last 1910. I first met her as a vounc crirl. manv vears ago taught by Sister Eliza Roxey Snow. I went .with my mother to visit the Prophet's fath- just budding into womanhood. one was modest, gentle, rather timid ana sny ai er, Joseph, Sr., when he was on his death- times, yet, one could not f aii to percei velon fir6t bed. He looked so peaceful and heavenly aquaintance, the unusual personality, the true that I haye never forgotten his appearance; I remember the Prophet's son Joseph. He possessed. We were schoolmates, personal friends for a was a quiet, studious bov. -- I ha ve slight ri- number of and my being her senior, she collection of Frederick and Alexander. There often came years, to me for advice. Along religious and was "an adopted : daughter inthe'r lamilyT literary lines she. excelled. named Murdoch but who was .trenerallv t" her father and mother's lines. called Julia Smith. She was a constant both The dear old grandmother, Celia Hunt, (for companion of mine' and for that whom she was named) wife of Captain Jefferson often visited the Prophet's home, eatin ' Hunt, of Mormon Battalion fame, told me thirty-si- x tnere and spending many nights at a time, years ago. that she was "first cousin to the gallant General Montgomery, who fell at the batwith the adopted daughter. This young tle of Quebec, early in the Revolutionary war." lady was not aware of the fact that she had In Celia's family circle she was a leader, re- se-cr- -- . 1 j ; ! 1 1 - post-oflic- e " 1 -- ! . - et 