i 30 0 vv t V 1 , EXPONENT. . WOMAN'S r cr ".""iW-- mi-- . , . ' -- Woman s Tlx ponent VELLS?Editr and Publisher ' AXXIE WELLS CAXXOX. Attularii Editor. F;MifELlXE rjxmthly in S!tl,ake City, Vtuh. Terms: one copy one year, fl.OO; one ropy six .jnonthn, 50 cts. No reduction made for clubs. City pp. r delivered by iOil, fxtra for postnire one year, 25 U AdvtTtiHint: rate: Kach square, ten lines of space one time '2..r0; per montl, $3.00. A liberal discount to regular advertisers. .j a floor Hishop s Krxi2flxtl--rtvm,iJK-and'?r7nhuildinjr, 40 North Main Street. Business hours rrom 10 a. tn. to 5 p m., every day. except Sunday. Address all business communications to Mrs. K. H. WELLS, Salt Lake City,- 11 tah. non-"pri- el Knt'trtd at the Pont Office in Salt Lukt Citt, Uidh gfcotnl elans matter. Salt Lakk City,. Utah. November, 1910 Tlic birthday anniversary of the President of the Church of Latter-da- y Saint?, which occurred on Sunday, .November 13, was kept :' very 'quietly in the family, and sonic friends of the President wild arc familiar in the home at the Pee Hive, called: to.pay their respects and congratulate the President, wishing him every, blessing life can offer to one so dear to the hearts of the people, 'who sustain him as Prophet. Seer and Revelator. and who in the bonds of brotherly and sisterly love hold him in that good fellowship that knows 'no, limit. That President Smith is beloved by this people among whom his life has been spent in loving service . needs no individual testimony. Very' little, comparatively speaking, has ever been said concerning the birthday anniversary of President Joseph F. Smith, and it is high time the children of this 'people were informed of the birthdav. that they may observe and keep in mind this memor-aide day and do honor to the great leader, who is using all his time, energy, and talents for the furtherance of the work of the Lord, in which he has been engaged all his life from earliest childhood, as every one long knows who is acquainted with Church ; his-"tor- v. - When a very little boy, previous Jo his 'father's martyrdom, he. was almost constantly near his beloved father, and still remembers, although so very young, many stirring incidents in which Jiis father took part on memorable occasions that are thrilling with interest, relating to the times when this people, were passing what might be termed a, turning point in the lives and events of the most remarkable religious persecution in the history of any people, in America. It is safe to say that no other President since the Prophet Joseph Smith has such a unique personality and 'a life so rich in that which constitutes strength of character, wisdom and knowledge of affairs within and w ithout the Church, as our present Prophet S cer and Revelator. , Joseph F. Smith is- - the only President horn in the Church: This in itself is a significant fact, cradled in Mormontsm, inherll fed and nurtured with iting it the wisdom that comes through obedience " to the word of the Lord, from the very first. his own at a time when extra- Coming tp - , . pre-nata- exrcciujnXvUlbnkftil to those noble, generous men, who were u jo-litic- al 'question, but merely a few thanksgiw that all who follow him may point to with to all nun ami oride for. thev herald forth the dawn of ing thoughts applicable ho. reverence a Supreme lieir women and repeace and good will to air mankind; who holds iif HisJiands the lives and deslate to a jieriod of time when the watchword of all nations,kindreds, tongues and of the people was significant of the greatest tinies epochs of the last days, the fulness of times, j)eoples. Thanksgiving is a day on which the ncedv. "when all thingsaT(rta be" ga"thered"inta"one the sick and the sorrowful should be rejneiri-bereto .prepare for the coming of .the Messiah. with real substantial gifts, that would The children are taught to reverence Mother Lucy Smith" as the mother of the fill their hearts with joy and gratitude.. and in no other way can people who have wheregreatest prophet of this dispensation ; added to this they should be taught that Mother with to give make an offering so acceptableas thanksgiving to the Lord as by giving to Lucv Smith is the grandmother of the pres ent Prophet, Joseph F. Smith, and bv no those in need of assistance, not waiting for means should they be allowed to torget the Christmas or some other festive occasion, mother of Joseph F. Smith, our present but with the ttue spirit of benevolence and loving kindness, give of the means you have-s'rophet Mary Fielding Smith, "who enabundantly received from the Lord. dured toil, privation, and hardship, and "Kind words are more than coronets," whose courage and heroism was equal to that of anv man of her time, or to the great So said one of the great poets, but through the perfect system of charity under the women of the heroic past." Teach his history to the, children of our Church management of this people, the Bishopric and the Relief Society, the needy own time. we hope, are seldom neglected, forgotten; though many are unwilling to receive help when offered, yet there are inTHANKSGIVING. genious and delicate ways of bestowing hejp Thanksgiving in November dates back that cannot possibly give. offence. The Latter-da- y Saints have the greatest to an early period in the history of America:1, TJie earliest one known on this side of reason for thanksgiving to the Lord for lis. .majnifold blessings, to them, and espethe Atlantic was appointed, by, William Bradford, Governor of Plymouth, in 1621, cially for their homes and habitations iiu these mountain vales, and the freedom they and history tells us that the great old Governor issued the mandate in form : "Through enjoy under the flag of their country, while virtue of vested power ye shall gather with tyranny and oppression still exist among one accord and hold in the month of many nations, against which they are as yet struggling, and find no way of escape from Thanksgiving unto the Lord." If any people have reason to offerthanks-givin- g the intolerance. to the Lord this people gathered here in these mountain vales had good reason on "UPHOLD THE RIGHT." the day set apart this year. Not that we as a community had everyThough few may praise, or help, or heed us, thing we wanted, hut we had very recently Let us work on, with head, 'or heart, or a that most was hand; gained victory gratifying to a large number of people and though For that we. know the future ages need i: And we must help our time, to taki.-itthe utmost quiet was observed outwardly, R. V V. stand. there was rejoicing more or less in the hearts of those that knew w hat it meant to the viHow many there are who complain and of Salt Lake. cinity grow discouraged on life's journey, because In this matter women may be counted as they do not get the help, the encouragehaving stood courageously for the right and ment they feel is needed in some good rights of the ballot iii their hands, and ; and often we hear it said. Well, thankful, indeed, are the women of Utah of we cannot get the support of the people in whatever creed or party that they have equal this, or that good work, and it is for the suffrage, an o a voice in matters pertaining public good ;and we shall be compelled to" to "life, liberty and the pursuit of happi- let it go and sO many good efforts made ness." And even-i- f the women of this fair have been cast aside and those first deeply state have riot yet attained o all the rights interested have not had the courage needed and privileges they are in reality entitled to, to pull through. What a blessing it is to they have the opportunity of getting educathave great moral courage. We are as a ed in matters pertaining thereto, and by arid people very proud of our loyalty to each, sure to come, they will be bet- other, and, bye, for generally speaking, our people ter qualified to take the places assigned to have been able to stand together, and in this them in the gift of the people. vx course we are sure to gain ground, and often the .reader Perhaps may say, What has overcome great obstacles, that oppose our this to do with Thanksgiving? and we an- onward but not .always; now and progress, swer. Very much indeed ! The women of then some few get an idea that they know Utah, so far as the writer knows, have been better how things are to turn than ti e going thankful for the suffrage ever since it was majority know, and instead of trusting to accorded them .through the state; Constit- the as a whole, get a small following utionand before, when the Territorial Legis- arid people are so confident they are right, and srie lature granted it in February, 1870. J. of ultimate success, that they win to their When one considers the great efforts be- cause those who are and easily pering made in the several states in this free suaded, yielding to unwary without makentreaty country, and the desperate struggle? in for- - ing themselves sure before V hand. d - 1 BIRTHDAY ANNIVERSARY. . h(V' among the. first to' pave the .way to equal without1 political andxivjc liberty to this but is article not a ment of monuments of renown, to stand as discriminating; on' of sex 'or of Time, equality, any other waymarks to the latest generations V. Publish ux truth and righteousness, and possessed of that indomitable "courage that makes for progress and the' establishzeal in the cause of eifflHaniliieaeeci . , and-never- , 1 No-veml- xr " " s - work-undertake-n . it-i- s . . . : f , 