ROMAN'S EXPONENT. c 4 ."II1" V V. j ' 11 ' 37 - iiieaeliciouviahdand--th- ICl'i e m .opu min,.vuuvu. thcreTs always i"l5Miau a ueauuiui as and industrial eational,. entering - " tney picture grouped o mtoeverv " withm one s: own were, and their faces were a !I)C still, sinali voice to an home of and of public life, from department study if one, cultivates his conscience observer, really had there neen a character those early years until tluTprescnt time, as rhi- iirt whisperings, when one is in doubt reader present, he might have had an object tar as the day and age admitted of woman's ' lesson worth while. and at times when one is not in doubt but fitness and efforts or humanity. sub-i.'1 he hostess Ve were not. proposing to analyze this It would.'be ouite impossible to tell in stated very graciously that Lattcr-,!iv is all 'it the t.. nly quite apparent' guest of honor was Aunt Kmmefine 1. one brief article of the many industrial lines Saints who are diligent in season and Wells, and it was her party, but, partly in of work that have been undertaken in the ..n't of season, desire to be on the right side honor of her dear departed Aunt Marv Ann interest of woman's advancement. all important questions.. consequently The Society is so perfectly md system'-- ' ,f Hyde, to whom she alluded most tenderly, obit is are matters when grave and she Jiad greatly .admired the genuine atically organized' that, it has beei pending compare be to side. a onhe right duly viously friendship that united lieart and hand these atively easy, to reach every individual memWatch the signs of the times, weigh caretwo women. Mrs. Wells and Aunt Mary ber when necessary in any important move' who made those ful !v the propositions by r Ann llvde in davs gone bv. . ment for the public good. tor the city and state or the naToasts were, expected of all the; guests, The Society consists of over, 750 distinct but it proved to be- very informal and the organizations, with executive officers in cacli tion, seek for wisdom from thevLord as well knowlsources of worldly as from the' bet to transact business" atid. plan work, and all tone of the remarks made, became 'reminiscent and many" beautiful tributes were these .aire under one general head or depart- edge. All these things are waymarks, but .fie may have to pick and choose when ment, who are constantly in receipt yf inpaid to the great women of the past. Dr. Romania 1. Penrose who had been formation and as it were in touch with every traveling on life's journey as wlien travel-in- : over countrv. new and strange, where abroad somec-yearspoke interestingly, of phase of the work undertakne in each and and her travels inlGreat IJritain and on the conthere are cross-road- s One of the underlying sometimes it transpires one has to decide for tinent, and later Elder C. YV. Penrose and principles is to teach those women who need himself which road will take him on the the genial host arrived, and. added a assistance how to help themselves and to such haven." a .case his "desired In uav to of special interest, giving brilliant give employment to the unemployed, whenfinds he when he has back one can turn touches to the more sombre, conversation ; ever possible. -- one is that fortunate the wrong, way and altogether the affair proved "to be an Many lines of work have been undertaken of if and life one ean intellectual least most refreshing to those carried on sucess fully, certainly there hut so on the journey i i ii tt have been failures, but never discourageonly see he or she has gone wrong; but uav. .Mrs. iiyue present reailv is sometimes "to see ourselves is a charming hostess and her cordial hos how hard it ments, but in most cases "Try Again", has been the motto. .is others see Us." And this is where great knows no limit.pitality There are organized bralicfres of this Somoral courage is necessary, and true no- ciety in more than twenty states in the bility of character is displayed when one WARD HOWE. I JULIA low Union, in Canada and Mexico, in Great Brit-tai- n willing to make right the mistake. and Ireland, the Netherlands, in Ger- many great ones have fallen, who might How often, when she entered, didvc rise have been "bnVht and shining lights" had And stand in waiting Jbim.drc.di till. .she passed many and Switzerland, in Norway, Sweden and Denmark, in Australia, New Zealand, thev been w illing to retract, or turn back Serenely to her place, from whence she cast from looks Such on all the Sandwich and Society Islands, and in around, eyes gracious after departing 'ujon the wrong way, simL ndnnmed as hv age, so kind, so wise; yet South Africa. ply, perhaps, through an error in judgment, That awe mixed with our love, and when at last The benefits resulting cannot be estimator being over confident in certain measures Her low voice broke the silence, hearts beat fast, that confront the people and needradical Stirred by the solemn words we hoard and prize! ed : social, industrial, economic, 'educational, O eloquent white hair, .in the best sense of. the word. The training treatment in their opinion, but when the O Ye helped the burning message find its goal of nurses in order to have skilled help in gravest matters need solution, the wisest In our true breasts; for not in easeful ae men and women are cautious, and do not Wast thou content to dwell; thy brooding care charity cases, and as an employment for Yearned 'over all, O mother of the sdul . rush blindly into difficult places, but soberly young women and a preparation for mothto its heritage. erhood a mother's department in every disponder when the time is ripe for action. That thou hast wakened B. Chenery. Ruth tinct branch of the.great whole, the gatherThe old proverb. "Fools rush in where aning of grain, and storing it against, a time gels dare not enter," is applicable at times of need building of houses for Society purwhen strenuous help is needed, but the man poses, and such industries as silk culture who watches most carefully and solicitously REPORT OF THE NATIONAL WOMAN'S have been fostered, nurtured and maintained that which will be "the greatest good to the. RELIEF SOCIETY. and desirable results achieved. largest number" is the one to lead ; when a By Emmeline B. Wells, President. There is scarcely any enterprise undertak ship is in danger, who gives the orders, the 1910. en by women that has not been helped by Salt Lake City, Utah, Oct. 25, man at the helm, who sees the danger, who Members this organization, which reaches into, every1 is in charge of. the lives and safety .of those Madame President, Officers and of the National Council of Women of home and hamlet. Perhaps no other organon board, his word is the signal everyone the united States, jzatipn enters as fully into the domestic de familiar with leadership knows that when partment of the realm of" home life as does dangers threaten there need be no hesitancy Dear Friends: The Relief Society as it the teaching and developing of the principles about the methods of standing, united in de- - ' was originally named was first organized in, embodied in the Relief .Society. (ending the right for righteousness sake. Nauvoo, Illinois, March 17th, 1842, with We feel this report is inadequate to the -Let us hope and pray that hereafter, when eighteen members, including the officers. Of subject and yet it covers the ground. One. there is so much at stakejhe loyal people this select company who met together on of our mottoes in this work has always been may take the. rigfit course to obtain the victhat memorable day, 68 years ago, not one Charity never faueth, and it is the most tory the triumph of right" that means sucsu V1" is now nvi. ,.tc : T applicable to relief work of any phrase in the cess to those who have peopled the country and made "the desert to blossom as the Smith (who passed away September 20, English vocabulary, Since our last report to the National rose. 1910). Mrs. Smith was- then a young Council, this Society has moved into its own woman, nineteen years .of age; she witwhere also other woman's ornessed every phase of the Society's growth headquarters are located- - the Y. L. M. I. A., A DELIGHTFUL BANQUET. from the very commencement, being one of ganizations which is auxiliary to the Council; also, and its founders, arid; lived to see it increase in the officers will take great pleasure in re An enjoyable afternoon party was given membership toover forty thousand, ;an.d at tne Handsome Home ot .ir. ana iirs. like a have spread abroad, ceiving calls from the women from all parts tree, the world, and especially the members and Joseph E; Hyde, in this rcity on Friday, ; fruit In many lands and among of bearing friends of the h ational and International ' November 18, 1910, dinner served at 3 p. m. , ; peoples. many Only a dozen guests were invited. The is reany w iwi .Councils with which these two organizations ot tlie ocieiy Theobject table was daintily arranged, and' choice au- relief from jvant, assist- - are affiliated. implies: the,name tumn flowers added to the beauty and ar- The most important and significant event tQ the needy, relief from ignorance tistic appearnce of the, sumptuous repast. that has transpired since our last report is simple forms of helpfulness, charityThe guests were profuse in their praise of demise of our beloved andhon- fof au? Qf all creeds and races. Philan- the recent :i rc su rc ways o f knowing t-v- i vij ' . fx j!.-as- t V- . .id " -- - , . -- n -- ' -- . . dire- ct-affairs - i -- -- by-path- s, separate- s, -organization. few-word- s ' ; . reu-icit- ii. . . 'r er - i Sibyl-eye- s, 4 . - ' "r; - ; I ; h its-branch- - . ' ; 