WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 4:26 gazing up same this is taken which. Jesus, into.heaven, up fro in. you, into heaven, shall come in like manner, as ye have seen him go into riparelr ' -- ' heaven;" Watchman, what of the night? The Lord of life ascended; the promised Now shall the disHoly Ghost not come. ciples of the Bridegroom fast and'pray, for he has departed from them, and the cold dark clouds of absence, fall over them. Now shall the Bride mourn, watching and praying for the lost one's return. Hut over the city of DaVid, dawns fair, a IVntecostal Day. The believers gather with one accord in When, lo! a. sound from heaven, as of rushing wind, fills the -- one-plac- e. house. And there sat one of them, as it cloven tongues of fire, and they were filled with the Holy Ghost.' The Comforter is" come! The Witness of the Father and the Son, to be companion of those, who are loved of the Lord, until, ckvthed in the majesty of heaven, he shall on-eac- h tv-r- come to earth again. The work rolls on apace. The Apostles teach and exhort. Traveling far and near, they call upon all men to repent, ever that Jesus is the Christ. They make a history of Christ's earthly minion, leaving the record to be a guide to the footsteps of men, unto the latest generation. One by one, they seal their testimony de-'elari- ng - . with their blood. Other faithful" disciples follow them to the death, rather than yield Save up the testimony of the Lord Jesus. only one Apostle, whose chosen mission it is to win souls to Christ, till he shall eome. Again darkness falls upon the earth! Ttie authority to act in the name of the Jesus, has returned to the heavens, through those who held it having suffered martyrdom and death, in every imaginable form, by the hand of violence; The believers struggle on, but their hearts often cry out, " Watchman, what of the night?" The scriptures give forth an uncertain light, in this day of gloom, or we but dimly understand. Still the Holy Ghost forsakes not those, entirely, who grope in tbe darkness for God. Yet the shadows of night have fallen on all the world, causing the Lord , earth to groan for long ages. The Council of Nice has met. The brightest lights of the existing Church, have declared, that God is a non-entitis incomprehensible, yet indestructible. All knowledge of God is lost! Many go to and fro in y; the earth, seeking the true God, and the old vvay of approaching him, but in despair they cry, in of vain they call, 0, Watchman, what the night? , After a time a Luther arises, a WyclifTe, a knox, and a few shades of light, penetrates, the all peryading gloom. These Reformers with others, accomplish much for mankind. The scriptures are now within the reach of God's Children. In other paths, believers seek for.Christ earnestly desiring to discern the footsteps of the Lord, but die, confessing they have not - -found the way the, ancients took. Then John Wesley stands forth,' declaring u AH the" world is my parish " Earnestly and prayerfully, he sought the way marked ont y Christ, and his Apostles, but alas! in vain, As a great Reformer, he stands before the 'orld, and much light is given unto him. A church is established, much good accomplished, yet with sorrow in the evening of . . . 43 his life he laments the sad truth that he God, has acted, without authority, in the name of goes on "byhis 'ever guided" apace, unerring the Lord Jesus. hand. At length-ever- y and blessing ZeTfkM. '.'czk'ot - So the world continues on; one after another arises, eagerly scanning the pages of Holy Writ, feeling the certainty of their in sufficient light, asking again and again the question, "Watchman, what of the night?" until the early dawn of the 19th century. Then one was born into the world, "with a a destiny it could not read. "He for a few years walked in the path, that his fathers Hut when tie great revival time came, and he beheld the spectacle, of the ministers dividing the spoil among their respective churches; some of the members, of even his own family, joining one sect and some another, the natural question, of which one was right, and which one he should connect himself with, enters his mind. t Sufficient of of the Holy Ghost burns within him, that he reads the scriptures with an understanding heart. So he decides to ask his heavenly Father, who has said, "If any man hicks wisdom, let him ask of God, who giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not, and it shall be given had-trod- . the-ligh- key pertaining to trie New and Everlasting Covenant lias. beeiV bestowed on man.- y The powers of darkness, now make a to destroy Jehovah's woik; seeking at one fell blow, to accoihplith its overthrow; aiming at nqthing less than the murder of his chosen leaders. "0, Watchman, what of the night?" The pall of death has fallen; the Prophet and Patriarch no more! Over lands far be- fear-folonsluug- ht; bodings. (). surely a terrible thing has happened! With crushing force, the awful truth falls on Zion. 0, v who would give your, lives for his, be comforted! He hath not left ou comfortless; he loved you unto the end. Now are dark (lays come; dismal and dis- tressing thoughts fill fearful hearts. Amid prayers and tears, hear the cry, "Watch man, what of the night?" Steady, be not moved God's work rolls on apace. The blow that deprives the Church, of behim." loved Prophet and Patriarch, places on their The answer came, in an overwhelming heads a marhr's crown. Gives them entrance burst of light! The heavens were opened, over the portal, where are those who gave and two glorious personages appeared to the their lives for the testimony of Jesus, in boy's startled vision; and one pointing to ages past. Now, two of the noblest of the the other said, "This is my beloved Son, sons of earth, are ushered into their preshear ye him." ence; where under the Great White Throne, An angel was sent from the courts of they join with them, in the cry, of "How glory, who announced that his name was long, 0, Lord, how long." A white robe is Moroni. That he it was, who had sealed up given to them also, and to them God says the records of the Everlasting Gospel, and "Vet a little while longer, until all shall be hid them in the hill Cumorah; there to gathered here, whose blood the world will like unto yours." await God's commaiitl to come forth. That shed, for the time was now fulfilled; the set time had 0, stricken Church! 0, weeping Saints! come, quoting the first part of the third What of the night, whose shadows so thickchapter of Malachi, and all of the fourth, ly fall? Lift your heads, dry your tears, for God, differing but slightly, from that given in King James translation; also some othr vour defender, will deliver you; will lead The youthful prophet was you safely through the trouble d wattrsand scripture. that these things were about to take nlant vour feet forever, on the glorious prom As he lead his children of old, ised land. place. Behold the glorious rays of light, that extending deliverance unto them, so will he lead you. now envelope the sleeping world! They were trodden down by opanother Dispensation has been ushered in; pressors; forced to make bricks without God's voice had 'again been heard,' speaking straw, yet by his arm, were they delivered. "One like unto Moses, wi.'l raise up, him to man! In the few succeeding years, the Church shall vou follow. By my hand he is direct Obedience and of Jesui Christ is established on the earth, ed, him shaH you follow. with a promise, that it shall neverc more be humility are required of you, safety and dethrown down, or given to another people. liverance 3'our sure reward. Get ye out over to a Jand Prophets and Apostles again among men; ragingI rivers, over burning plains, that will show thee." the authority of heaven restored again! The stopping place is unknown; enemies People, few at first rally around the standard of truth, set up in the new century. behind, who threaten dire destruction, the Men again act by the authority delegated to broad Mississippi before, frozen over as by the finger of God, that Latter Day Israel them, by Christ himself. The world all in wonder, may well ask too, shall pass over dry shod. The broad rolhng plains, where roams the 'Watchman, what of the night?" wild "Indian, stretch for hundreds of miles; 0. the shadows are fleeing away, trackless as a wilderness they seem before To usher in the perfect day. But the powers of darkness, which ever them. What wonder thafin anguish ofof soul, the "Watchman, what assail the work of God, are brought to bear they often cry ". God has said, "in night?" on the infant Church. The great leader makes answer; in tones the mouth of tv, i or three witnesses, every "Onward, we go word shall be established," and it" came to clear and unmistakable, ' n .onward.'"', , : pass.: are forded. rivers Highways are cast up, The Prophet, as all his brother prophets while others have done before him,, walks the thorny Some stop to sow and reap; press forward, to find the resting place. road of persecution. - And as of old, God went before, and was Dark clouds again lower; of his closest The tender and weak, rearward. friends, some turn to foes. He is assailed in their lay them down But grew tired and weary,-an- d on the right hand, and on the left. and still: and when the great need came, thanks be to to rest on the prairies lone days, their mortal eyes God, friends fearless and true, are raised up, like them of other land and the Gospel ship, steadily sails over, the never behold Canaan'sonfertile page 46.) (Concluded. turbulent, stormy sea. -- the-testimon- -inf- y -- ormed mr - . . ' . r 