WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 22 A SKETCH OF THE LIFE OF EUNICE -- BILLING 5 SNOW. V was set apart by the Prophet Joseph for. the especial calling in obstetrics. .She practiced for over fifty years, and never lost a case of the mother. Ri'inr nrriiKtunu'd to attend all meetincs o with my mother, I was present at meetings of the first Relief Society in the Church in Nauvoo. And when my mother was called as a teacher with Sister Markham as a companion.' I was not old enough to be a tuem-U- t of the organization. During the building of the Temple, my father worked very often on it and at those times we lived quite cloe, mother being very sick for the first three months after we moved to Nauvoo. My youngest brother died at W'ltivoo, in his tenth year. I lis name was Titus, lie was buried in the cemcterv at Xauvoo. Brothers HelK-- C. KimbaH'and Newel Iv Whitney were called in to administer to him and while they were administering to him, he My mother , - , c d 4 r died. I saw the Prophet lay the y, ' -- ly-ru- -- m, th-plain- corner-ston- e of the Nauvoo Temple. I was a member of the Nauvoo choir from the time I was twelve years old. and sang at the dedication of the Nauvoo Temple. I received my endowments in the,--' Nauvoo Temple when I was six t celt years old. I was baptized when I was nearly sixteen, in the font of the Nau- voo Temple. - Previous to my fiftecneth year, I remember hearing the Prophet speak on celestial marriage, and although T did not fully it, yet my parents matte it plain to me when T was fourteen, or fifteen years old, still-bor- n, ' " un-"dtTsta- nd 1 "vengeful thirsting for the Prophet's bloody Mourneon! Saints' iMjM VIIH IUUUJ, J lib. iiuitail The staunch and loyal . Latter-da'g mother was ill our 'On danand I in quite way, was niy in Nauvoo, felt that the Prophet meals the when I was not had to prepare ger, and although they lived with a strong all would be well, yet driving a yoke of cattle. My father drove faith in the Ionl-thathe other yoke of cattle and my husband they tried to dis.suade the Propnet from reto the loose cattle whi- h maining in. Nauvoo and sucecded so. far, that was busy attending he moved across: the "Mississippi river to we, had with us. We reached Manti on the 21st, of NoMontrose. He did not stay there very. long however, as some of his friends persuaded vember. It being" the fall of the year, everyhim to come back, thinking possibly that his thing was bleak and dreary. There was of in sight only the brush ovpresence would tend to pacify thev crowds of course, no house boisterous, people on the streets. ering the ground, and for six weeks we livJil I remember hearing the Prophet the last in our wagons with 'only a brush covcrii.g time he spoke in Nauvoo. It .'was in the to protect us from the storms.. In the mean husband went to the mountain-anday at the Bowery, which was filled with a while, my there sawed logs with an upright s.w goodly number of the saints. He "said, I go like a lamb to the slaughter," referring to construct our dwelling. They sawed the to the great shallow, which semed even then logs in two for the sides of the house and to hover over his life and to foreshadow they made sheathing for the roof and floor. his impending doom. They put in small pieces of wood between ' On the last day which he spent in Nauvoo, the logs for chinks and plastered mud all over the outside to keep it warm. Th he passed our house with his brother, I both riding. My mother and I were house consisted of one room and we had a standing in the dooryard, and as he passed, small stove which we' had brought across and besides there was a fireplace, he bowed with uplifted hat to my mother. Hyrum seemed like one in a dream, sad and which kept the place warm. We had no car despondent, taking no notice of any one. pet, but we had beds and dishes, so wc. conThey were on their way to the Carthage sidered that we were quite comfortable. When we had lived there two weeks nn jail, and it was. the last time I saw the Prophet alive. Shortly after this, my fath- first child was born, but due to hardship and and er came home and told my mother that the suffering the little thing was Prophet and his brother had been murdered, I came very nearly losing my own life. whereupon my mother exclaimed, "How was sick for quite a while, and my mother, who was a midwife, nursed and attended can it be possible? Will the Lord allow anything like that?" And immediately she sank me. She was the only doctor, midwife, and back in her chair and fainted. When she nurse at the time in Manti. My child, I came to herself, my father lamented the fact think, was the third one born in the little with her, but cited the case that other Prophsettlement. ets in the world's history had been killed. . Many of the first settlers lived in dugout-alonThe bodies were brought into Nauvoo the by the stone quarries, and it was not morning after the murder, and placed in the unusual for them to get up in the morning Nauvoo Mansion to be viewed by hundreds and find the rattle snakes crawling along the of people. The Latter-da- y Saints in the eaves of their dugout homes. The people did not suffer from any pescity were full of melancholy, and sadness prevailed over the place. Tears were shed tilence nor great conflagraation, showing on every hand, and deep mourning shrouded that the Lord was kind to them and scatthe city. tered" blessings on his servants who bad Lucy Mack' Smith, Emma Hale Smith, gone forth to establish new settlements in his name. my mother and I, together viewed the bodies, and I shall never forget the impression My father and my, husband, during that made upon me wrhen the Prophet's mother first winter drove our cows to the "Warm saw the bodies of her dead sons. Falling Springs" and every morning about ten o'on her knees and clasping her hands she clock they would take some bran to them cried out, "O God, why were my noble sons and milk them. "That gave us fresh milk once a day and in that way we felt that we permitted to. be martyred?" Then controlherself a she with mighty effort, ling said, had some of- the luxuries of life. My parbe not done." mine, O Lord, ents were very particular in apportioning "Thy will, After this terrible murder, the condition our foods every day, so that they would last of the Church was a pitiable plight, with until the next seed-tim- e and harvest, and by on confusipn every hand, until the Lord that means we did, not suffer during that raised up a new prophet, in the person of first long, cold winter. You understand,-iBrigham Young; a second Moses, to lead Would be difficult to get supplies from the the people out of their sad difficulties. other settlements or from Salt Lake City, on account of the means of transportation MY TRIP TO MANTI. blocked with through the canyons being v snow, v , In 1849, during the October conference, As soon as possible the brethren erected which, was held in Salt Lake City my fatha large log building near the stone quarrv er and mother with my husband and mvself where we could hold our meetings regularly., were called to go, with Isaac Morley as our and conducted my husband, Brother Warner leader to Manti to settle the first colony-ther- the first singing and led the first choir in husband's name was John E. Manti,, Among the first members of the My Titus choir Warnejn iwaV married eight miles north and mother, Sister Hannah Morley, and BiIHngsvT I of Salt Lake City to John E. Warner, at a myself. When we moved to our city lots small settlement called Session's Settlement.; and a rock meeting house had been We prepared for our journey '.and started built in large the center, of town, Brother Warner in the latter part of October." The trip oc- continued tp lead the singing8 there until hi? three which is cupied weeks, : strange to say, death.---- : when one thinks that we make a continuous . Brother John Lowry was the first bishop 1 . P.rotl g teachings, Before was sixteen, when my mother was very sick. Sister Vilatc Kimball would come to administer to her wants, bringing foods and dainties. No doubt she saved her life since she had no one but myself to do for. and I was so very young and inexperienced at trmt time. T remember when the "Nauvoo Expositor" was destroyed. This was a paper established bv the apostates and it was creating considerable trouble, so much that our brethren felt that it should not exist. It was destroyed after a short time and many of the people were-vermuch enraged at the time and it pointed to the beginning of 'monocracy. The paper was conducted by Law, Foster, and Dr. John C. Bennett: Some of the most impressive moments of my life were, when I saw the "Nauvoo Legion" on parade 'with "the "Prophet then Gen. Joseph Smith, with his wife, Emma Hale Smith, on horseback at the head of the troops. It was indeed, an imposing sight, and one that I shall always remember. He so fair, and she so dark, in their beautiful riding-habitHe in full military suit, and she with her habit trimmed with gold buttons, a neat cap on her head, with a black plume in it while the Prophet wore a red plume in his, and a red sash across his breast, his coat was black, while his white pants had red stripes on the outside seams. He also wore a sword at his side. His favorite riding-hors- e Was named Charlie, a big "black steed. My father ny years," was caotain of the cannon wrhen the lemon was on parade, and many a time, mv mother and I made cartridges for hini. He kept the cannon in his charge. ; the After destruction of the "Expositor," the of many apostates became wild and re- T - y . s. for-ma- - t - e. wererbther . -- ---- - ; ; 