WOMAN'S. fiXPONEl .f torial that it may be kittle ypurr general work became di -- health w4icii fnt vid ed "into depa f men t s"- ami "great and comfort of its victims by leading them was laid upon the duties and responsibilities of mothers. The. young people, their, spir- - into Jhe preposterous, reason should 'strugitual and moral welfare have been subjects gle to gain nr little ground. The style of of great interest in, the society work, trainvd. doinr the hair, ami the hats have been mon nurses for the poor, and the' necessity of strous of late, and now we are confrontedwomen educating themselves for their high bv the hobbie skirt. Our shoe men state that calling it office as well as the great charity the young and older ladies who wear french of the work have' also leeif given marked heels, are suffering" bv .the score with flat tened insteps attention. Again, through dear Aunt The young do not wish to appear singu death, the Society had to be ortell to the Ijc It impossible ganized. wjould lar, still it is possible to avoid extremes and when the it of satisfaction people general what, leads to deformity, or to aa.cxpeusa became known that "our Prophet, Joseph F. that works, hardship on an already over Smith, had been inspired to place at the burdened father and mother. Neither is it head of this great Society Sister Kmmeline Saint girls to uphold fitting for Latter-da- v 15. Wells for President with Sister Clarissa a fashion contrarv to delicacv, notablv, the S- - Williams and Ju'lina L. Smith for coundecollete gown. selors. These three will take up the work', There is a crow in ir curse in the love for where the others laid it down and we doub excitement that is be ing fostered by caterers not that in such an age as this, the most to- the public; shooting the 'Semites, scenic marked advancement along all the lines of or dangerously rapid work will be evident. May the Lord bless railways, joy riding, motor riding, too excessive athletic sports them, strengthen them, lead them always when not closely supervised. and forever. Fathers and mothers are grieving over the Annie Wki.i.s .Cannon. temptation the cheap theatres are to their children, especially thclvoung boys. If they earn a little money they have no disposition to save, wishing to take in the "shows" that AMUSEMENTS. often give exaggerated ideas of life, also, Address delivered in the Salt Like Assemblv frequently being tainted with coarse and Hall. October 4, 1910, by Annie Kay Hardy. suggestive referees or that which is prejudicial to right thinking. Aiuhmothers plead, Judge McMaster has been telling us about conditions of the children and the efforts my neighbors let their children go, and mine feel that I am tyraimical. when I refuse.. made U protect amf rrfVjrm ' them. Before us we see an armv of moth-er- s There should be a mother's union. A restless world seeks pleasure by runand Relief Society workers who are here and there. To day's excitement striving to prevent defiance of law by the ning only anticipate the ones that are to follow young. Do we need our mother's classes? It may seem peculiar to introduce a text tomorrow. This does not mean a rest and a change just a continued excess. in beginning1 a talk on amusements. Tn secIn some of our stakes, one evening a week tion 59, Doctrine and Covenants, verses 18. at home with the family is being inaugu- 19 and 20. the Lord said to the Prophet, Jofor reading, music and conversation ; 18.31): "Yea. all rated, seph Smith. (Aug. and the young people are surprised that so things which come of the earth; in the seamuch genuine enjoyment and profit can be son thereof, are made for the use and benefit . of man, both to please the eve and gladden obtained in this way. The old fashion of having our social gaththe heart. Yea, for food and for raiment, for taste erings made up of all ages,- grandparents, and for smell, to strengthen the lody and to fathers, mothers and children was truly ideal, the zest and joy of the young inspired enliven the soul."- - And, now mark, a caution is given "And. it pleaseth God that he the old; in turn, their stability and wisdom hath given all these things unto man ; for checked extremes, so they were mutually unto this end were they" made used beneficial. Let us have play, comradeship, v chumminess between, parents and children. with judgment and not to excess." "All work and no plav 'makes Jacka dull Love, sympathy and interest. Fathers should old, true saying, and it has been play ball, pitch quoits, etc., with the boy" the policy of our Latter-da- y Saint leaders boys.- Take them on the excursions they love ; teach them how to swim; fish, shoot ; to encourage proper' amusements and recrebe interested in their home and school sports ations that will enliven the souls of the peoand always have plenty of innocent attracple. The cultivation of music, the drama, dancing, social gatherings, literary societies, tions at the firesideXvitlra place there Tor picnics, etc., have surely allowed no time the boys and their friends, so that the ditch for melancholy. bank and street corner will never know When' evening" paf ties begin, at the time their presence. The coming of darkness should call the boys and girls into the home they should be ending, judgment is not displayed; when amusements are so frequent long before the curfew sounds. . as to result in dissipation of money, health, Mothers, direct the play,world of the little and time, one may claim there is excess in girls, and play with them sometimes. Know violation oj the revelation quoted. their companions', visit their' school, the or' There are physical and mental dyspeptics ganizations to which they belong, give them and, one may add pleasure seeking dyslittle parties at suitable hours, be interested peptics. Something is .wrong ..when mothers' in their love affairs when they begin. While, ' : say "My daughters are going the whole we deplore extremes in dress, give'the girls time.; I scarcely see them, A birthday party, an opportunity to choose the colors they "a ride, a "shower, a wedding, a picnic, a" like, and the. '..too,, when reasonable. Lake party, society r fetes, etc.,". and they Teach them tofabrics, make their own" dairitv un"must have becoming dresses and accessories be derwear, reasonable but firm, and this for these occasions: Fashion is so dicta- - will save our children. help : xoifdition-TiriiC- ' aga nst excesses. "Man is that he may have joy." 1 1 Hath-sheba- 's - -th- at-are-being- . . - - to-b- e is.-th- " ; fir ": mm "In a world bod where' lets His Jambs . frisky and His a great orator said: As . . trees - - toss'ahd His brooks leap, and His stars twinkle, and His flowers make love to each other, I know He intended men at times to laugh, and sing and sport." - Judge McMaster says : - "The strong -- arm of the law is operative to. reform the erring youth; as. women in Israel we have God's great law of love to' prevent their going astray." CONFERENCE REPORTS. NORTlf SANPETE STAKE. Relief Society conference of the North Sanpete Stake was held in Fairview, 'June 24, 1910. President Williamina Erickscn presiding: Singing, "We Thank Thee O God for a Prophet ;" prayer by Brother C. K. Hansen of" Fairview; singing, "School Thy Feelings." President Erickscn greeted the sis ters and bade them welcome ; was glad to see so many out and meeting under such favorable circumstances. Indeed pleased to have with us Sisters FarnsworthanoSRich-ard- s of 'the General Relief Societv Board. Sister Miner reported the Fairview ward as still prospering; were in touch with all the sisters of the ward," had an increase in attendance. About all the young sisters of the ward had joined the Society. Pres. Annie P. Candland reported the North Ward of Mount Pleasant as in a good condition. Number in attendance had increased. Teachers were taking a great interest and were the back bone of the work. President Ellen C. Tulegren reported the Spring City .ward as being in an excellent condition. Had good counselors and they were united in their work. They had over twelve hundred bushels of wheat, and fiftv- four dollars to buy more wheat. Tressie Larsen of the Mount Pleasant South ward rendered the solo, "Love Di-- vine. bister P arns worth ot the Lrenerai Board was very pleased to be with the peo ple of Sanpete, and was thankful for the courtesies received from Sister Fowles and Brother Bush. Relief Society work was growing every day. Parents had a great responsibility in caring for their children'. She had traveled a great deal and visited a great rmmy European cities and found the Scandanavians to be the go"d industri ous people, fcead the piece,l"Tired Moth- m. ers. booke otf resident liathshena Smith's illness. Encouraged all to do their duty in Relief Society work, but never ne glect husband, children and home, for that; was our first duty to; care for them. Reported her. visit with the Elders in. Europe and encouraged the mothers to educate their sons in Relief Society work as they were called on in the mission field to organje societies, and give instruction in that lirje. Mothers keep girls from Salt Lake Uty'on account of "temptation there which we do not have in the country. Sanpete stakes in every respect were among the lead. Eh- couraged all to go on in the good work. bister Richardsjof the General Board was yery pleased to meet with such a pleasant and cheerful- audience, considering many " r - 1 - 1 1 T . 