.1 WOMAN'S EXPONENT,: n : V. . oman ponent EM ME LIS E li. WELLS, Editor and Publisher AXXIE WELLS CAXXOX. Assistant Editor. ' Puhlixhed monthly in Salt Ukfl City, irtah. Terms: ne copy one year, f 1.00; one copy nix months,,, M rts. Nu reduction made for clubs. City papers delivered by mail, extra for jMiHta;c one year, 25 ct. A4v-rtf-i- rale: ft Eaeh tUHr, U-- n Hn ,ltJU-parle- l A liberal spare one time 12.50; per month, ?:!.). dixcount to regular advertisers. 2nd iih'H Kxih)nknt ofliec roon)M2i5 and from hours Business 40 Main North Street, Huildlnif, 10 a. mi. to 5 p. m., every (fay, except Sunday. ir Addrex all communication to Jin, k! . WKLLS, husim-M- s ". Salt LakkCitv, . KnttrtJ at the Pott u BfComl Salt Offiee in Ii-aii- . - Salt lAtke Cit.u. I'.ah rltiss tmittrr. Aiaivr, Lake 'City, Utah, 1910. PRESIDENT BATHSIJEBA W. SHITH. We are pure the members of the Relief Society in all the stakes of Zion and throughout the Church aie interested in the" beloved -- Smith, who President, Sister Bathsheba has for o many years been a pillar in Zion, not only in the Relief Society from its very inception, hut in the temple work from the early days; and has olliciated regularly in the Salt Lake Temple from its opening in May, 1893, almost without losing a day. No woman in the Church has' such a record in temple work; her faithfulness and fidelity in the catlings, whereunto she has been called and set apart are unquestionable. We regret very much that at the present time she is seriously ill, possibly many of the brethren and sisters are aware of her condition, but as far as we know the fact has not been spoken of in the public press; but it seems only right that the Sisters should know that she is not able to fill the position in the temple that it has been such a great pleasure and satisfaction for her to occupy. Certainly those who minister there will miss seeing her in the accustomed place, but at present she is not strong enough, and kept quiet and rest until her health and strength are restored. The summer has been trying and it would not be expected she could recuperate much until it is cool er weather. She has been most tenderly cared for by her daughter, who for six weeks was with her day and night until she was obliged to take a rest. Her upon her in the most careful and thoughtful way and spare no pains to giverier sympathy and attention in the fullest measure possible. More' could not be donethan the nursing she is receiving. For the most of us, who lpye her bo dearly, and would gladly wait upon her, we can only pray that all will be well, and we have the .confident assurance that she has every need and longing anticipated and supplied without an effort on her part; SI e is watched over day and night, and all that love and tender nurs.'ng can do must-b- grand-daughterew- ait jLEtttenA l"el 'SSfe: r.est everything nossible'for her comfort and happiness is assured. n .r , tt ...it rc&mem j i t t nenry omun visits her a most dailv and this is verv crr.tJfvinv,!. : uu, and to all her friends? . - . - WATCHMEN ON THE ARE'-THE"- 9 rr .1 TQW&R?; thelrising generation from tfeing led astray; double our diligence, safeguard every avenue that is open to indulgences that tend downward to darkness, keep in the narrow way, walk in the light 'of truth, preach virtue and righteousness and right living. and of endeavor line in this provements It is easy to deceive and mislead the inthere must necessarily be inventions; and nocent and unwary, let parents be warned, discoveries in the earth and on the earth in time there are many wolves in sheep's until one might say, "knowledge will cover clothing. And many paths by. which they the earth as the waters cover, the mighty stray, these fair deceitful treacherous wolves is. wisdom and faith unless there but deep;" who put on not only sheep's clothing but in God the greatest and highest of all atfine and cowtlyapparcl and tempt in a thoutainments in that which tends to growth sand ways the confiding and and advancement in intelligence, science of Zion. f and philosophy of things "seen and unseen, youth can be done that that there Is anything in wielding power and developing skill and has not been tried, if there is by all means in the application of the elements that reseek to find out and wait not, lest those who quire the most careful and constant atten have it in their power to ward off evil be tion, those which move upward to the great- held accountable for the sin and wickedness est height possible for mortals to reach will that prevails, and is reemingly running "riot there- be real and lasting benefits? or will it; here in our fair cities, where we were wont not all become as "Dead Sea Apples," hav- to think all was peace and purity ft nil no ing within the seeds or the tendency to its harm, or even great temptation to wrong own destruction could ever hav power or gain a foothold. Is it not true that along with the great advancement being made in this last century many have become proud and haughty EDITORIAL NOTES. and neglectful of the highest goodfolman-kindIs there not in many instances a It is very desirable that the minutes of lack of consideration for others, those who the annual conferare entitled to benefits and to the results of conferences, especially ences of the Relief Society in the several achievements? SecreIn days of old the ancient prophets some stakes of ZioL, be sent to the General tary, of late very few have been received. It times called a halt, they were even commanded of the Lord to do so, among the is impossible to keep in touch with the work being done unless the minutes are at people of Israel. Are the people of these times more capa hand to refer to. Changes are made in ble because of their greater knowledge than stake officers, and even new presidents of stakes appointed and the President and were those who were taught by divine authExecutive Board only learn of it incidentority, and lived a more simple hfe?they cultivated the soil and pastured their flocks and ally. Send the minutes of conferences to herds, and the fashions of the world and the the Secretary at the headquarters of the Relief Society, Bishop's Building. No. 40, etiquette of society did not trouble them, as N. Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. it does the people of today. It is well sometimes to pause and con- Please send at once the minutes of the consider and question one's self concerning the ferences held since the April Conference of the Relief Society. Do not think because signs of the times! It is a momentous time in which we of the minutes cannot all be published inMhe Saints are Woman's Exponent that it is not essential, today are living; the Latter-dawell aware of that fact and it behooves them they are all history and the General Secreto bemoderate, and avoid the excesses and tary should know the history of the Society dangers that seem at the present to prevail. to keep up the record of the Society as a tOSuch a large extent and are so fascinating whole. This notice refers also to missions and so bewildering as to deceive and lead to abroad as well as at home. Where confer7wrongdoing almost or quite without one's ences of the Relief Society are held in other being aware of the unhappy if not terrible languages, there is generally some one who results that might and do accrue, although, could translate and make a short report, perchance, not always follow the careless which has been done occasionally in years and indifferent, who are not in the exact line past. The history of this Society cannot be of duty and rectitude. complete or correct without such minutes and data as has been requested now and We are fully aware that it is commonly heretbfore. said that" these things have always existed, and they always will; and that too may be The sketch of Florence Nightingale pubpartly true, but not quite, for there never lished in this number of the Woman's Exhas been the powerful influences of. evil to ponent has been written almost purposely cope with existing to such an alarming exfor the nurses who are studying or have tent as' in the present. People never had the facilities to accomplish wickedness tW graduated. We commemTit to, them and to all who are interested in humanitarian-ism- , they have now; the rapid modes of transit '! and it should appeal to those who ana travel, and the knowledge Of arts and sciences innumerable in the hands of wicked favor peace and arbitration for the world at large. In our own country we have Clara and designing men and women, all to Barton of the Red Cross help who is still living, serve evil purposes if deceitfully manipu- - and we have had a number of women who rendered valuable service in the civil war, hFLaUerday" Saints have been notably. Mary A. Livermore, now deceased, by revelation long ago through arid Dr. Mary F; Thomas who is we think Joseph bmith and his successors, concerning still living, and others whose name3 would things that are transpiring and that. fill our , pages with deeds of kindness for the uon now m our suffering, without remuneration. And here uuuuiiereanQ w mountain nomes nnH iMs not amiss to say that in the Relief Sonot be blind to the facts, but use enevery ciety, among the officers and teachers there .The world is rushingjm rapidly in many ways progression seems to be the greatest aim of the people of this wonderful age; assuredly this is significant of a laudable ambition to excel and to make many im- "of . -- pure-minde- d - ? -- y -- the-ver- S pnnoic , 