Wx . J,- The lUdhd in the hand of the Vownt of Vtah ihovhl LUCY WALKER KIMBALL. CONTENTS. Kclkf 34, 38 Reports..: S'K-ict- Society Socials Relief (Autobiography.) 33 l Walker-Kimbal- Lucy ' 35 News... 35 35, 40 Report nf (he National Woman's Relief Society 37 36 KJitui ia! I'irthday Anniversary .inil Xcti I 36 li.inksgivinj; the Right" A Delightful Banquet L. M. Hewlings The Old Songs JVtr.v at lie C. Jensen Recompen.se . Julia Ward Howe, Ruth P. Chcnery Past and Future Marian Adams Gudmunsen . .... 1 1 36 37 33 35 37 40 THE OLD SONGS. (hi reply to the question. "Do you sing those old songs now. you sung in days "Lang r" Syne J veet f canna sing the old songs, 'Way,- f Vou loved so well to hear; Stirig oft in happy days now gone, When love and life were dear. Woven with 'sunshine round, Adowji the corridors of time, Now but in fancy found. . canna' sirfg the old songs, comes a rush of tears, And my voice fails to reach the notes Soar'd o'er in bygone years. may not touch a broken lute, Xor strike ar jangled string, Xor strive with tones forever mute, Those dear old songs to sing. My harp, is on the willows hung, Its strains of music o'er, IJiose dear old songs remain unsung. That oft thrilled hearts of yore. "Sweet, highland Mary" "Bonnie doon," "Hen Bolt" and Nelly Bly.'V- -. "Raking the hay in merrie June," And "Com in' thro' the rye." "( thre's ne'er made sic' anither," "Annie Laurie," "Ivy green," "Sweet Home" "The 'last rose of 'sum- -' mer" "lionnic blue-eye- d Kathleen," "Kate Mavoumeen," "Rory oVMoore," "Jessie flower o' Dumblane,""Voung Mary across the moor,' "When shall we; meet again." v "Old oaken bucket," "Iochinvar," "Hide ye darlent, wi' m "Pledged to union in peace or war," 'Land of the brave and free," "Xow launch the boat upon the wave," "Do they miss me at home?" "Here's health bonnie Scotland to thee," "Westward our footsteps roam," J 1 hre 1 a. . " -- . - hese are some of the old songs, Twined in a wreath for "you; Souvenir of days "Lang Syne," With life's bright roseate hue. i - Larlv next morning a fine looking young officer rode into camp and said he had come as a friend to save us from the fate, of those at the mill. He referred to the dreadful scene with words of sympathy and regret ; said he was forced "to join the military to save his own life, but had done and woifJd do all in his jxnvcr to save the oppressed. If we would follow him he would lead us to a place of safety in a friendly neighborhood, where he would find shelter from the" cold storms of winter! We 'followed him and there was where my father found us, James Flanagan, the young misionary who died with smallpox in England in' 1848, was one of our company. He was an exemplary young man, in fact an exception among men. I lis zeal for the cause of truth was unexcelled. We left the State of Missouri in 183$; went with the Saints to Quincv, Illinois, and to Nauvoo in 1841. My father performed two missions to the Eastern States, emigrated with the Church in 1846 to Council Bluffs, and was appoint ed president of a branch of the Church in that locality. In 1850, he came to Utah and settled in Farmington, Davis County, where after many years of" suffering, caused by the hardships he had endured, he passed away October 18, 1869, aged seventy-fiv- e years, five months and eight days. Thus ended the life of one whose great grandfather came from Scotland and was one of the first settlers in Connecticut. His grandfather, Jos. Walker, was born in Connecticut, town of Woodbury. His wife's name was Eliza-bettThey had five sons and several daughters. The sons' names were as follows : Joseph, Simeon, Caleb, Timothy and Reuben. The names of the daughters I do not know. He subsequently moved to Peacham, Caledonia County, Vermont. He was over ninety-fiv- e years of age. His wife died at ninety. His father, Simeon Walter, was born in Connecticut, town of Woodbury, served his and, in the Revolutionary-wa- r country faithfully, being severely wounded by a cannon ball in the thigh, which produced lameness during life. I fancy I see rrim jiow as he comes down the hill from Peacham bowed with the infirmities of age and hardship, leaning on his staff! "He takes me on his knee and tells me the story of the .war ; how he became lame ; how bravely they fought for freedom ; "Libertyor death" was the watchword. My grandfather was one of the first settlers, in Peacham. There guard to prethey were co.mpelled-tfrstanvent being kidnapped by .the. Tories. After, the Tories were subdued he made a farm; married Mary, daughter of Reuben and Beulah Aliner, and had a family ,of nine children, namely, Solomon, Simeon, Abel, John, Charles, Ruth, Clarinda, Mary and Thoe charming. days of "Auld Lang Syne." Xay, Power to better the Howe, th ' . d Hiey cheer, my heart like summer rain, s I theft- names rv--- ' recall, J seem to hear each echoed strain, Xpw blending with them all. - -- -'' x : ootnote.--T- his f the " " ;v -- poem is from ed " : ; Emigrants' Song.- - . L. M. Hewlings. Woman's Exponent, No. 20, In UMe-- ? The writer is long since dead, hiffi! ' her writings still live and her name is thus v ' PPetuated. E. B. W. . Greek ,ti,d the Nation, ' SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, NOVEMBER, 1910 39. 01 he a ' L ; Elizabeth'. : - ' T" William Holmes my grandfather, mother's side, wds born Januaryjl5 1770, , in Kingston, lymouth County, 4lassachu-on-m- y No. 5. setts ; Lydia Adams, his wife, was born same town, county and. state. Lydia Holmes, my inothvr. was an only daughter, almost an idol in the home where there were seven sons. There was great grief in the .hearts of her family and friends when she received the gospel and came west. Their sorrow knew no bounds when thev received news of her, death, which occurred 18. Nauvfo, Hancock ill state here, however, County.- Illinois. that my father and second brother, Lorin. came to Nauvoo in the spring of 1840. to attend conference and secure a home, bather concluded to leave Lorin w ith the Proph-- . et until harvest, with the understanding that he should then return and help him through harvesting; but when the time came, the Prophet told him to write to; father to hire some one" in his stead, and at his expense, as he could not part with him. In the spring of '41 father took his family to Nauvoo. My brother met us witlr an invitation to dinner, which .we gladly' accepted and were introduced to the Prophet ami his wife Emma, and the dear children, w ho irr after years 1 learned to love as my own brothers, and Julia, an adopted daughter, as inv sister. During the summer mother was taken with chills and fever. At length one after another of the children were attacked, with the until all were in a helpless condition. Mother was invited to spend a few days at the Prophet's house, they lenefit hefy Put thinking a change-woulshe could not be content away from her afflicted family. At her earnest solicitation they sent her home to her family, by placing a bed in a sleigh, as the summer had passed and it was now good, sleighing, covered her closely with blankets and. besides, sent many comforts to those at home, as thev had often done during her stay. My mother lingered until January. '42, then passed away. Calling her children around her bed he bore a 'faithful' testimony as to her convictions; that Toscbh Smith was a Prophet of God, and, that through him the Gospel of the Son of God had been restored in "its fulness, whereby we might return into the presence of the Father; exhorted her children to never de- part from the truth, but to liveso that she might meet, them in that world where there would be no more sorrow, no more suffering, no more tears of anguish at pronouncing' the sad word goodbye.- She then closed her eye's and her sweet spirit passed away, face. leaving a beautiful smile on her dear It did not seem to us that it was possible she was dead, but only in a sweet sleep. When at length we were forced .to J)eheye( she would never, speak to us again we were hi the depths of despair.- - Ten motnertess . children ! And such a mother! The young-were est was not yet two: years old,What we to do? .rt S :. He rescue The Prophet came to our saidr "if yoii remain nere, rrouici you witev , er, you will soon fpllow your ot ; must have a change of scene; a change January .1842,. ..at - I W ; same--diseas- . e d , - . , . 