rr T7V V . W:0 ffeifS r. in Ike' hands of the The Ballot Women SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Vol. 39. CONTENTS. j' 1 vkc.k W. 1J. K, Florence Nightingale I.uwn Party and Banquet Marie Francis 11 Experiences (Continued) Sketch of the Life of Eunice Billings Snow.... 11 Mii-nonar- y (niverFal Municipal Suffrage for Women in Emily Hill Norway (ireat Demonstration A A P- - M- - F- - Tribute JVer Obituary t Notes and News Relief Society Stake Reports: Ogden , Meetings . BathshebH-AVSmith... Editorial: President Are the Watchmen on the Towers ...v Vint Abroad A Favorite Songstress Editorial Notes Ellis R. Shipp Poetry: The Comforter .' A Out-do- or '. 13 15 r 14 15 10 13 13 12 12 15 10 12 9 THE COMFORTER. 1 There's a whispering voice that awakens The tenderest notes of my heart, When I think of my friends who are weeping, I fain would sweet solace Impart. . now as I linger, impotent feeble and weak Is the tongue, or the pen of a mortal, These desires to writ? or to speak. I realize I I qw But He sent them to brighten our pathway, As proof of His tenderest love, He takes them again in His wisdom, Perhaps to allun us above. Now in the deep silence of night-tide- , spirit seems, wafted away, And there comes in the path of my vision The dawn of a holier day. Renewing life's sanctified ties; Uniting.and binding forever By powers immortal and wise. iod gives as beneficent token His love and continuous care; He knows all our thoughts though unspoken, He hears each unuttered prayer. ( Ah! now with my senses T attuning To heaven's englorified song, crave in my fervent communing God's blessing of hope to prolong. souls to respond to the music-Sw- eet echoes of peacefrom above, Pure faith in eternal reunion, love. Through divine and ne'er-failin- g Ellis R. Shipp. All FLORENCE NIGHTINGALE. This very :remarkable woman whose name appears above, died at her home in London, August 13, 191d$na although she"KaoT lived to a very great age, her death was rather unexpected. give meagre accounts, but no doubt much will hereafter' be written of her brilliant career in the profes' sion of nursing. ' Florence Nightingale was born in Florence, Italy, May 12, 1820, the records say, jet years ago it was safd she was the same The-dispatch- es" ' - , ll age as Queen Victoria, who was bom in May, 1N11L Her historian says "she was one of the fortunate of the earth, inheriting from' nature a striking and beautiful talent, and able to cultivate it under circumstances the most favorable that could be imagined,, and to exercise it on the grandest scale in the eight of all mankind." Of her family the facts are not generally known. ''Her' father was an English gentleman of an ancient and wealthy Sheffield family, by name William Edward Shore, her mother a daughter of William Smith, who was for many years a member of Par- State and the Nation. No. 2. best of all; and the family connections of liament, where he was particularly distin- the Nightingales were numerous. In IS 15 with her parents and sister Penelope, she traveled through Germany, France and Italy, visiting everywhere hospitals, infirmaries and asylums and watching closely the modes of treatment practiced. The family went on into Egypt, where they resided for a considerable time, and where the gifts of Miss Nightingale were called into requisition for the. first time, outside her own family and dependentsi among the sick Arabs. They extended their journey to the fartherest cataracts of the Nile. This journey was of immense 'value to Miss Nightingale,-iincreased her familiarity with languages, and gave her a knowledge of the world and of people as well as of her art, all this she turned to good account. While traveling on the continent of Europe she often met Sisters of Charity and members of other Catholic orders serving in hospitals and asylums with fidelity, constancy and skill; and she looked upon them with admiration and profound respect. It hail been a dream of her youth that perhaps sometime there might be a Protestant order of nurses, a band of holy women devoted to alleviating thje .anguish, of the sick , and suf t guished for his advocacy of the emancipation of the slaves in the British possessions. "In 1815, her father inherited the estates Peter Nightingale, on of his grand-unclthe conditions expressed in his uncle's will, of his assuming the name of Nightingale." The father of Florence, an intelligent man, guided her studies in the usual branches and accomplishments of female education, and she was taught French, German and Italian, and attained proficiency in. the Latin language an.d mathematics; she also became ''a respectable performer on the piano." and had a general knowledge ci science and an interest in subjects of art, which is common with girls minds. It was noticeable of her as a little girl that she had the instincts of a true nurse, and the sympathy that enables one to know beforehand what is wanted to alleviate pain apd distress. It is customary with young ladies of the English nobility to visit the cottages on the estate and minister to the wants of the poor, the infirm, the sick and distressed; and in this way Miss Nightingale began voluntary work of mitigamfliuman anguish; but she was not content with the usual routine, she visited hospitals in the vicinity and studied eagerly whatever she could find in their own library, relating to the treatment of disease and management of asylums. It is an established custom in England for wealthy people to spend a part of the adyear in London. Miss Nightingale took vantage of her opportunities to visit numberless Fospita and asylums of the metropolis institutions on the grandest scale and liberally endowed; but many of them in abuses anddefects that became apparent to her; she saw the need of better nurses, women trained and educated to their work; there were plenty of admirable and skillful surgeons frustrated in heir work by the ignorance and . obstinate conceit of nurses; little was it imagined at that time, that through this young lady the, reform of these institutions was to come about. . It has been said of Miss Nightingale that she created the art of nursing of which. she became so proficient a teacher and really a master of the profession. It is said of Miss Nightingale lHat although she wasxnpt strictly beautiful she, was singularly pleasing in expression," and a slight trim and graceful figure; she enjoyed society and was much sought. after by friends and acquaintances, but she loved her home e, . When agairi'we shall meet our belored, 1 AUGUST, 1910. iheK , There's One, and but One who can soothe us, Can still these 'deep throbbings of pain, He who lovingly loaned us His jewels, And expects them returned once again. My of Utah should le a Power to better the l(omey ; ' -- About 1818, Miss Nightingale heard of something of the kind in Germany. She entered this school of nurses and spent six months acquiring valuable details of the art; and in the hospital attached to iLshe served as one of the regular corps of nurses.. After returning from Germany she was sought by friends of an asylum in London which was on the point of failure, owing to its improper management, to accept the post of superintendent; and she left her beautiful home to go and take charge of the ' establishment in London; and gave to the institution her valuable services and a large part of her income. She restored order to the hospital, and increased the number of its friends and improved its arrangements; she ministered herself at the bedside of sick, infirm or dying inmates of the institution; her health gave way and she had to retire, but she left the institution firmly established and well regulated. But the great time for her talents was at hand, her knowledge was to be employed on a grand' scale, her country was to reap the result of her observation and efficiency. In February and March ; J854 the war with Russia was on and shiploads of troops left England for the seat of war. It is said ' by historians that there was never such bad management, lack of foresight and of adapta-tio- n of means to ends, want of knowledge of , the climate .and of human constitution, in sending 25,000 British troops o the Black Sea. ''"The first rendezvous was at Malta, in easy reach of two continents, yet it was there privation and trouble began, but when the troops reached Gallapili, on the coast of the sea of Marmora; the terrible sufferings cannot be told: no interpreters, no carts nor draught animals, no meat, and many of them had no beds, and not a soldier in the army had more than" the one regulation blanket; in the middle of April the men be -- 