'WOMAN'S e)cponekt; resulted, in' clear gain and a sort of indeof wool pendence that is always a credit to any peoHim home-madproducts but' di oest of air might have given, reai'ufJilk have certainly been very muchbet-ier- , ple, but munerative employment to the boys ami and lasted longerand have been much girls of our people. EMMl'JASE H. W'KU'S I'MU.r and I'uhlisher cheaper in the end than'.those imported. The Woman's Store that is still struggling We were all very proud 'of our woolen WKUJiCASyuX. Atsishmt l.ditor. for support, and which many of our sitter shawls and especially, blankets cloth? goods, was started upon thiV bow durable they were, have almost forgotten, never I'uMUhM ninthly in Salt Ukc City. VU. can forget we .-i - j.y S 0 t. .,;, ropy on elsewhere lasted principle, and was named The" Woman's blankets bought other no ........ J Lr .I. ..n;.- ..vi rtu ' and Home Manuliifia.- IrriTiiiM. No we think, have those yet Co operative Mercantile, a few, . so only long; J: yt ur, until, ixtra for i.ostiu'r Institution." It was intended to f in. were manufactured at first; but those facturing that rat,,: KnHi .un-women and girls to employment, A tini- - ?J.r.O: T .mo,,.!.. I,ri.-lr.- ' who have are fnd of displaying them, and help young UTti r. to the as well as to promote the interests of illsrount to with pride refer great sisters our s HUhop KtPOSENToffi- -- r..omHLM along all the lines of work with a view when Sister Eliza R. Snow Store, Woman's ho,,M fr,,m H Str- ,t. Mai.. 40 HulMinjr, Most of the branches of the it, and we recall with the utmost to 10 in.. every .lay. iv pt managed in. to in Salt Lake County own to. ' A.Mn-nil cMijiint. ;.! satisfaction the success of that department .Relief Society a number Woman s Exponent y.-ar- i , is of that Vot that all "the goods we buy e -- i- ' -t - " 't-- ! . A.lv.-rtWi.i- f lib.-ni- l w-m- at.-- N-r- IN- -: ! L- en .-.r - th sejf-suppor- t. T . . bufiti-,-"- ! Mrs. J). Ji. WKtXS, Salt I.kk ity, '" ''" KHhrtJ at. the steoH.l ii Salt fla. V r vif. ;,7V. C tnit!t' r. MAUdl, 1910. I.akk City, C'taii. SEVENTEENTH OE MARCH. The animal day of the Relief Society, March 17. has been observed thi year, we think, in every ward in all the Stake? and missions throughout the Chrrch; this has been customary now for quite a number of of years, more particularly since the Jubilee this Society was celebrated in 1892, it is called the Relief Society daythe one day iu all the year when the sisters contribute for the lunii ot the uenerai society, ii is the only mean? that the General Officers and Board of Directors have to defray the necessary expenses of carrying on the work of this great institution. Ten cents from each member is a very small contribution and yet were every n'rember to give the ten cents it would be, wo do believe most sincerely- - a great blessing to the individual member, and certainly to the President and officer: of the Society who labor assiduously for the advancement of the cause for which on the seventeenth of Mark, IS 12, in the beautiful city of Nauvoo this pciety was founded. It is impossible in a short article to tell the various ways this money is used, but the President of this organization, who was present at the memorable meeting when the organization took place is a very prudent woman in the handling of means, and not one cent is ever paid out of the treasury TfM lirvii Vior flonniinn nnrl Vi or cinmntiiro of- - tached to the order for the money, also the name of the secretary. The Jreasurer pays all bills, issues all checks, and everything is paid with checks and in no other way. It was not our intention to mention the ten cent donation in speaking of the" annual day, but only to suggest that the sisters do observe it and make it the Relief Society t day for all time. It is now years since the founding, and in two more years it will be seventy. In that time we might perhaps think of something appropriate Jor so great an occasion as that will be, something that will be distinctive and ' largely representative. sixty-eigh- HOME INDUSTRY. There is much being said just now: about home manufacture and and it really seems that our people are in earnest in this matter ooce more;, let us hope so, and that we are beginning to go back to first principles in this' respect, and durability - home-industry- and something that has real substance, instead of a finedisplay of shoddy material. -- Of shares in this store, as well as ,; individual members. Society in early days and which eventually The first President of the instituion, Mrs. merged into Cutler Bro's. but still, retained of the name of home manufacture and kept in M. Isabella Home, was one .the strongest and hoiii stock the Provo Mills woolen goods, and advocates of home industries manufactured materials among this people, other such like commodities. and she had as coadjutors in this undertakWe were very glad to have factories, inof stead of so much carding, spinning and ing at first, many of the. leading women the city and county. Among the foremost weaving in our own homes in such a primitive way, although perhaps the women and who worked for its establishment was Dr. whose energy and 'entergirls who were engaged in this work at Elvira S. Barney, home, were quite happy and enjoyed that prise accomplished so much in the building kind of employment; and some of the up of this city. The houses she .built and grandmothers now recount with pride the owned, stand as monuments to her memory methods of those early and achievement. good At the present time Mrs.'R. K. Thomas times, and how desirous they were to have the very finest and best quality and color in is the President of this "institution. The their wearing apparel, carpets and the vari- - store itself is in very good hands, under the Ous articles made at home. management of a Board of Directors, all able women, and Miss Mary Morgan is BusiIn the commencement of the Relief Society in Xauvoo one of the first things en- ness Manager of the store itself, it is at the joined upon the sisters was to furnish or present time. located at 41 S. Main Street. Salt Lake City. find, employment for those in need of asIf our sisters in the cities and towns adsistance; and it has always been the aim and endeavor to carry out this counsel of jacent would patronize the Woman's Store comG-ito trade it; might help the Prophet Joseph Smith, and much7has been done in this direction; but as a people very materially, and it is 'certainly a good we seem to have drifted away of late years investment for themselves to sustain an enfrom this advice, and to have accepted what terprise, which has such a philanthropic obseemed easier methods in the way of living ject in view for the betterment of the youth and helping the needy, and while ready of our city; for whatever gives employment money has come into more common use, to any community of people is of incalcu-ablwe have certainly neglected some important value. matters, and we are not so independent as we ought to be, or as we might have been. EDITORIAL NOTES. For a. number of years the Relief Society as well as individuals struggled to establish The birthday anniversary of President silk culture; thousands of mulberry trees Wilford Woodruff was celeappropriately arid were planted millions of silk worms fed, brated by his numerous family oh March and cocoon of an excellent quality raised. Music1st, in the Fourteenth Ward President Brighara Young had a mulberry al exercises and reminescence3chapel.children by farm with a large cocoonery just south of and chiefof illustrious this this city and took the lead in this branch tain grandchildren were the principal features of the gathof home industry, as he did in many other home industries and manufactures. Aunt ering. Zina Young, who was for many years Presi- V The daughters of Sister Emma S. Wooddent of the Uiah Silk Association; traveled ruff gave a birthday party for her on Thursover Utah and throughout the Stakes of day, March 3, at the handsome residence of Zionin the interest of this branch of home her. daughter, Mrs. J. J. ' Daynes, Jr., on industry. To be sure a great deal was done, Fifth East Street. About a hundred ladies time would fail to tell of the efforts made were present to honor the occasion. The by the sisters in this direction and what was rooms were very beautifully decorated with accomplished, and it is a deep source of re- choice flowers, vines and pahns, and the gret to the women of this State, that for most exquisite music, vocal and instrulack of means, which might easily have been ' mental, was. rendered. Several of the ladies furnished, if capitalists and legislators had present made brief remarks, expressing the been wise enough to promote this industry, appreciation of the work Sister Woodv that would have been far better for the peo- high ruff l ad performed, both in the Salt Lake ple than a, gold rafne in their, midst; but it and the Relief Society, and wishing was allowed to die out, and the sisters wear Temple her many happy returns of her birthday, imported silk which is vastly inferior to the which occurs on March 1st, the same day as . of work connected closely with the Kelief . old-fhshion- ed - when--they-- n -- . home-made- that of her distinguished, husband. Many-giftand tokens of love and esteem were presented. During the afternoon each lady - One .might go on enumerating the many home enterprises that have been started and have failed for lack of support and patronage; that are. a source of regret today, not only because of the benefits that might have was asked to write a couplet or verse and read to the company, and a prize of a very pretty, book was given to the w.mner. This- s . - 