urn The lUdh t in the hands -- Vol.- - lf the oi,hh of Vtah thouhl ) ... .Komnnia B. Penrose' 57 MiWionarv Experience Lydia 1). Alder and Reapers Social, on Wednes- Kllis.Ii.-Ship. day, February 2.'i, 101U : Notes and News Celebration of Annual Day Annual Day in Union. Oregon Ttie Lamariite Remembered... 58 ' Nancy .M.Tracy Stake Reports: Juab 2 Was I there when her white fingers plucked it? Did it grow in some bright forest nook.' Or in some sunny. spot in the garden, Was I tfiere when Twas plaeexl in the book? j (I'C L i And here, in the sweet Psalms of David, Is a book mark in letters o blue; A token of love wrought by "Hope," In her youth time, so wontirnus and new. GO (10 Minntesof First Relief Society (from record) Public Reception.. Poetry: Never liorrow Worldly Sorrow KJH.s R. Shipp Millicent Mary's Bible , . Lord Indication of the Mouse of the ......,. ......... .Emily Maeeer our Pioneers........ Hattie Critchlow Jensen -- 01 (51 4 tear-staine-d 50 50 0 memory, how adly you wlrlsper, "These are only the phantoms of brightness Long past; let the veil fall again O'er the shrouded years, rob 4d in youth's white- 0RROW. 5 Oft we mortals fret arid worry O'er the minor ills of life, Live we in continued flurry, strife. In a never-endin- g ness." f 4 II HARY'S BIBLE. My, sister brought me the Bible, She held it with tenderest care, And said in low tones, "It was Mary's, You'll find her dear name written there And I saw'how'tbe dear, loving fingers . Seemed to cling to the volume so old; With the name and mementoes within, v That made it more precious than gold. Today, when Ttook down the Bible, I turned to the name and the date, 'Then the dew was? still bright on life's morning, .Now, ah mel now the fiour is late. A h , I kno w the dear home on the hill Where she sat as she leaned o'er this page, And traced the one name on its whiteness; That is dimmed now, and yellow with age. And I seem to be gazing once more On the beautiful face of my sister; perchance, I was standingnear by, 'r, While the forest winds tenderly kissed her. Let me draw back the veil of the years" And recall the dear-homscenes once more; Though the trees of,the forest are bare, And snow' drifts lie deep at the door'; " I . II d, . tracings, , Millicent. I dread to think of floods that may possibly inundate the people on the west of Jordan, and of the city near it They seem to be Some permanent devastating everywhere. way to carry off surplus "water will have to be found or people will be discouraged from EXTRACTS FROM A FOREIGN LETTER. think our burden . ' By a hand long since lifelesand cold; For in heaven the sweet namea.f "Mary," le written in letters of goId,-j:- . Foes imagined mock and greet us, Every turn upon the road, Troubles more than half way meet us, Weighing down life's heavy load. Heavier than man e'er bore, Oft we fail to see the guerdon Coming through our open door." Ah, how weak to borrow trouble! ireTfwairtrafit irfi1iere; For to borrow makes it double, Triples every falling tear. For, perchance, the very sorrow We anticipate today, Will be changed to joy tomorrow, Clouds" in sunshine melt away. Yes, through mists of pain and sadness, We may see unfailing light, Ave, tomorrow may bring gladness-Fa- ith illumines darkest night. For the things which most distress us, Make our nightly pillow wet, Dreaded cares which most oppress us, Keallv haven't happened yet. Ellis' r. Shipp. . O my soul,' look aloft from thfeu - We are prone to so-calle- The 'Book of Life;" little she dreamed That her life's book so seemingly fair, Would unfold many dark, pages, with straggle and care. Many leaves marred ' K" iw ... (52 va . eion, mine, at'least, how the people can be content with the silly, chaffy, positively nonsensical religions they follow here. Their depth of reasoning reaches no farther thau their fathers before them, saying'what . was good enough for' my parents is good enough for me," and take no further thought about it. But amidst all this apathy many honest hearted people arc coming to aK knowledge of the gospel and joining the Church. It is an actual, poiitive truth that the Christians?, worship an unknown God just es much as they did in Paul's day, and the only difference between them and the heathen is they have nothing in their mind's eye, while the heathen look upon a tangible idol.- - Ohl the work that will sometime have to be done for the dead is appalling to think of. It looks almost impossible to be accomplished. President Penrose had a letter from Susa Gates yesterday in which she gave us a real insight into President Winder's condition and we both felt very sad. - m Kditorial Notes NEVER BORROW WORLDLY 59 01' Uintah ... Editorial: Seventieth of March Home Industry. 1 it Nq,v 8. Here, hid in the f'Uospel of John," I find a pressed spray of sweet clover, The white blossom faded and sere, And I pause ere I turn the page over.- W. P. O. Kelief Society i a. Power to better the Home, the State and the Nation. There is warmth and contentment within,4 There is hope there is love for each other; And brown eyes and blue tor,; with pride lo our star, the fair face of my mother; j Fxtracta from a Foreign. Letter... Aut.ibiospby. w SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH, 1910. 38. CONTENTS. C be n Presidents of missions, conferences and building up that part of the city. We have actually had four or five fine days consecu tive!? in Mart.- . whichis YerV uncommon record for England. There is a great deal - and benefit the Relief Society is to the Priesthood and "a ood"vroTkri3beinjrd on "OfTainTlvlndd'fog"herehu ' the also. are is not nearly so cold as at home. But I among learning They wpmen to work inforganizations in harmony and miss the clear, bright, starlit nights, when with union, and love on for another, and the heavens are studded with brilliant stars. I scarcely ever can see a star here. We go studying numerous subjects valuable Immigration often almost breaks to London again March 2th," and after the has had to cease to be, beconference held there on the 27th, the next up a "society;-on- e cause the few left lived so far apart that the Sunday Pres. Penrose will go on to Norwich meetings could not be kept up. Frequently for conference, there and I will remain in -- reorganization takes place because the officers go to Zion. I am stirring them up by way of remembrance to be sure and keep our anniversary the 17th of March. We here in Liverpool give a concert and pocial on that day, and expect to have, a good time. Will you or can you hold your'Relief Society Conference in April in your own building? I believe that was the .ambition of the sisters, to have a room or hall where they could hold meeting's as often and aa long as they desired. I read of the grand reception tendered you by the R. S. Board Also of the p?rty in your new building. held in honor of your birthday by the Press Club and of the pretty silk gown presented you. I also read with great terror of your sudden illness some time ago, but was recovgreatly relieved when I read you had ' ered and was back in your office. I believe you are the. senior woman of the world who at your. age attends her office and bnsinessr You surely have broken the record and set an example to the rest of us. My great ambition is when I get home again to bury myself in the Temple andwrorkfor my dead! On my, father's side very little has ben done, , sThat will be a new atmosphere to this in the world. It is past comprehen- ; out-her- e London. On our way to the Nottingham conference this year, we started a day sooner and stopped off at Wprksop.where friendi joined us and we went to visit a very ancient and interesting town called Lincoln, where there is a very old and celebrated cathedral. , In it is a very tiny "Imp," carved on the top of one of the pillars, which has a legend attached, of course, to account for its presence. A fine artist,. a sculptor, has a beauand he carves her sweet face tiful lady-lovon one cf the stones 'atthe. top of one of the pillars; but a traitor rival convinces her that he'did the work, and she is so flattered that she, consents to marry him. The true lover in his jealous rage climbs up to the image, and with a few strokes of. his chisel converts the face into a grinning imp with hornsn its head. But, fortunately for the true lovev as the false one' and bride were crossing a deep, swift stream on the way to the church-tbe wed, his horse loses its footing and he is drowned and of course the true lover is on the bank witnessing Jhe scene and dashes in and saves the lady, and they are afterward happily married; but the grinning ' imp remains. .. Now I must close or I will make my letter too heavy. I hope you will write soon e o f 