f J' - ' (V "y - - j . f TV TP INI ' , Hie .Ballot in the haiuh of the Women of Utah should be a rower to letter the Home, the State and the Nation. SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH, (HOLIDAY NUMBER) JANUARY; 1910. Vol. 38. various departments and lines of work for the benefit of all women everywhere, and CONTENTS. -- .PAGE (ireetings and Congratulations President Baiheheba V. Smith It. B Tenroee A Very Interesting Letter Watchman. What of the Night? L.D Alder 42, the uplifting of humanity. 41 41 Our Relief Society reaches out in every domain of woman's activities and emNancy M. iracy 48 Autobiography 45 Woman of Suffrage The Growth braces all the. agencies designed to aid 40 Tiibute of Love 40 those who are seeking out avenues of Noble Woman Summoned.. Relief Society Stake Reports: St. Joseph. ,..m 47 of helpfulness, for the best methods 47 Morgan Liberty Snowflake 44 correct habits and customs of daily life; Editorial: The Prophet's Birthday 44 Prefident Winder's Birthday the preservation of health and of useful44 A Home Wedding.. 44 A Genuine Surprise. ......V ness; and the encouraging of the young and .'. 45 Kelief Society Headquarters rising generation to cultivate habits of in45 ... The Holiday Season Al dustry and thrift, and promote the higheT Poetry: - Christmas Merry Christmas. qualities of heart and soul. The Relief Society stands first of all the CHRISTMAS MERRY CHRISTMAS. auxiliary organizations in the Church, and should be foremost in promoting good work There in a lowly manger, in Bethlehem He lay. Where slept the weary cattle among the and high ideals. It is also, so far as known, hay,' Bright angels sang the story on that first Chrfst-ma- s the first woman's organization in the world. morn, Thissociety was organized by the Prophet "To all the world glad tidings, lo, Christ the Joseph Smith on Thursday, March ' 17, 1842, Lord, is born." in the city of Nauvoo, Illinois. At that of Him heavens the the The children tell story memorable meeting only a select few sisters : adore, out of that city had been invited to partici- Tell of the, infant Jesus the Magii knelt before. They brought Hinr gifts of incense and offerings of pitein the proceedings of that wonderful love, While blazed the wondrous, glorious star in the occasion, and today all those present then vaults above. have passed to the great beyond, all except who holds the position of President Then 6injr this Christmas morning of Jesus and one His love, now. It was at a period of time when a Be happy as the angels, who 6ing of him above, woman's organization was unheard of, and For Christmas is the children's- - a time of loy 4G : frag-gra- nt ' and mirth Then let us love as children all who dwell on earth, -it- -is-A remarkable iactandjwrthyjafjbeing No. Then Christmas, merry Christmas, 0 you are welcome here. For Christmas love abiding, 'fills all the world with cheer. In heaven, too, is Christmas, and there the angels sing "Give glory, honor unto him, Christ our Lord - . and King. Lydia D. Alder. ' QREETINQ AND CONGRATULATIONS. ' To the . Relief Society; in the ReBeloved sisters and lief Society of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-daSaints in the several stakes, missions and branches throughout the world. To you we send love, congratulations and a New Year's "greeting, and exhort you to faithfulness, purity and holiness. We desire to express to you at the commencement of this year of our Lord nineteen hundred and ten, our appreciation of your labors in the past, and our commendation of the effortsyou have made to together for the spread and building up of this charitable organization in all its co-labor- ers y co-oper- ate G. ness and. humility the richest blessings will assuredly follow, and joy will abound in your hearts, the true comfort that follows those who devote the energies of. their lives to the service of others. My heart is with you in these labors of love so diligently and faithfully fulfilled by our sisters of the Relief Society in the localities where they reside. Would I could take each one of you by the hand and converse with you upon these things, but that pleasure is not permitted me;' but in the vision of my mind I folfow you as you go on your errands of mercy and chanty, and from my heart I bless you with the blessing of a mother in Israel; and I pray that your work may seem light and not burdensome, and that the rich outpourings of the Holy Spirit may buoy you up when days seem dark,and life's pathways long and lonely. . And tbis message I bring to you that you love one another, that you cease evil speak- ing, that you observe the Sabbath day, and the Word of Wisdom, that you be circumspect in all your ways, that, you honor and reverence the priesthood, and teach your children all these principles, that we may have a generation that will serve the Lord and keep His commandments, and be prepared to Withstand all the evils that are prevalentintheworld, jthat .theymaybe recorded and remembered that a society so worthy to stand upon the land of Zion and receive their inheritance thereinunique in all the details of its founding should have been formed without pattern And again I exhort you to keep the com or precedent, and that it should have mandruents of the Lord and teach by exits identity through all the changing ample as well as by precept, and never years and the peculiar circumstances of our grow weary in well doing, pray without ceaspeople down to the present time, sixty, ing, uphold those who preside over you, and remember the words of the Savior, "Inaseight long years. Does not this fact prove the strength and much as ye have done it unto one of the solidity and permanence imparted at the least of these, ye have done it unto me," and time of its founding by the great men and now peace, joy and love be and abide with women who took part therein, and it has you, always is my prayer for all those enstood firm and steadfast without changing its gaged in this glorious organization of the name or its purpose except to spread abroad Relief Society. Bathsiieba W. Smith, President. among the nations gaining in numbers, increasing in influence and popularity to the A VERY INTERESTING LETTER. admiration not only of the women of the 295 Edge Lane, Liverpool, Church but the women of the world. December 3rd, 1909. It is the ardent wish and desire of my heart at this time to impart to jou some of My Beloved Friend Sister Wells: Your most welcome lette received some my thoughts and feelings of he spirit of irve Relief Society work as I enderstand its days ago but have been off to conferences and alto had a friend here at Durham House significance. It is to care for the poor,-- the for weeks, so it seemed I never woulc1 get needy, the aick and distressed in body or in down to writing you. You have already had mind, to console the sorrowing, to comfort a good description of our delightful trip to the mourner, to minister to the dying, to the North Cape and the Midnight Sun,. so I bewill not take your time to say more of it at perform the last sad rites for the dead present, But it was a great pleasure while fore the burial. These are some of the ardugliding along between the mountain shore ous, active duties that belong to the work and the myriads of islands on the other side, of this precious society; and in the performmany of which oh both sides were.capped . with snow, and every little nook Targe ance of these duties in the spirit of meek - For soon He will be coming He said that this should be, And shall the little children alonellis glory see? 0, let us be as children, lay by all selfishness, Be innocent as children, Christ loves to own and bless. I pre-serve- d 