WOMAN'S IlXPOENT, 32V Yirin ..any warning whatever, commenced upon tJiem, men. women and children.. The first ball fired by the enemy Induce iff my father's right arm. He returned the shot, ImtToimd it impossible to reload. lie then ran down the bank of the creek, and just befrre him one of the brethren,- - ih ascending lie the opposite bank, was shot down. . stepped under some lumber leaning against .. the bank, which afforded very little if any protection, but, in answer to prayer, their eves were blinded, and, although they looked directly at him, yet apparently,'; did. not see ' him, passed on, declaring with an oath that not another Mormon was to be seen. He remained there until all was silent, then ven-- ture.l forth to witness the dreadful scene of the massacre. In the shop lay the lifeless body of the son. of Warren Smith with his brains beata gun, and anen. cut with the breech-oother of the same family with his thigh torn entirely away and apparently mortally wounded. A little further on an aged man, Father Mc Iride, lay weltering in 'his gore. It was not enough to shoot him down, but the murderers had found an old scythe with which they had mangled that venerable head in a most horrible and sickening maimer. A young woman was also ; found behind a huge log, where she had fallen in a fainting condition, with a wound in one of her hands, ""anil several bullet holes; through her clothing. A volley had lodged in the log' ff a man had on a good co,at or a pair of good Ikis 'they were- stripjunl- from their-todiein a most brutal and inhuman manner, while the victims were in the agonies of death. My father aided in dressing the wounds of those worse oft than himself, and to bury the dead as best he could with his left hand. His own arm was not cared for or scarcely thought of in the midst of the terrible suffering of others, until it was in danger of mortifying. Besides, the country was in such a state of excitement that he had to hide from place to place and came near losing his arm. Two weeks later he re joined his family, pale and emaciated. My 4 brother William had gone in search, having learned that father's life had been spared. These' two weeks were full of the keenest anxiety: On the night of this fearful slaughter, a young man came Tunning;. through the 'woods and deep snow, telling us that 4in armed mob had surrounded those at the mill, and were murdering men, women and children, and would soon be upon us. This news caused a regular stampede in our little company, as some of our company had gone to the mill. Some of the women took their little ones in their arms ; others clung to their clothes; a loaf , while of bread and a blanket' or two were carried by older members of the family, and all rushed deeper into the snow and adjacent timber. Mother , pleaded iri vain for all to remain in camp, as there- would be " no possible safety in such a flight. The cries: of the famishing children would, be- tray them, besides: they could: have no fire as this would attract the attention of the mob. My mother; and Sister Davis, (whose husband had died en route, .and whose loss was deeply mourned by all ) remained in camp, called their children together, prayed with them, soothed their fears and assured theni that the ; same God whose watchcare had been over us during our journey thus far was our-friestill and would protect , -- - f I , s. -- bare-heade- d, - . r 7 sh: were lip'lflr that nosition for 25 vcars and u- loved by all associated with her, and all feel be.r loss deeply, for she. was like a. mother to all in the ward and for miles around. . She has been like a ministering angel to' the, sick and was ever ready' to lend a helping successful as a hand in distress. She was-vermidwife, having acted in that capacity for 27 years. Her life lias been a busy one till, the close. She was ,,of a cheerful disposition always had a word of cheer and 'comfort for those in. sorrow. She was a born poet afl many have been cheered by the products of d and her gifted pen. She was. I can speak from brave and the soul of honor. experience for we have been companions for over 37 years and have shared each other's joys and sorrows. I ever found her.tobc true as steel; our love for each other was steadfast and true, and I feel that even death cannot separate us. We are parted for a little while, but in the great hereafter I know we. will meet and still love each other. She has gone but her good works will follow her. She has earned her rest. ' She leaves an aged husband and six loving children and thirty grandchildren to mourn her loss. Her funeral was well attended, friends coming from far and near bringing flowers to strew on her casket. Among them was a beautiful wreath presented by the Hatch Relief Society in token of their love and esteem for their beloved President. Hattie J. Higginson. We went to bed feeling that we, --safe, and God was our friend ; but when the morning dawned and I looked into my mother's 'pale face, I was positive she had not closed her eyes and felt; child as I was, guilty that I had suffered myself to be lulled to sleep by her magic words of comfort," while' she had kept a vigilant watch us. and-'sufferin- y during that fearful night of keenest anxiety. Those who left camp returned exhausted and almost famished. (to he continued ) ; large-hearte- SOME DAY. Some day we're croini; to 'wander, vou and I, Hack, kick to pleasant paths we used to know, d And welcome once again jyftli eyes The old days of the happy Long Ago. "And O, the joy with which the heart will glow, As we clasp hands with friends so long unseen; And meet again the ones we cherish so, Whose faces flash from Recollection's screen. Will see them smile, as in the old, old way, Some day, dear heart, some day. Jear-'dimme- Some day we're going hack for one brief view, To where the old familiar homestead stands, And there the joys of youth we will renew, Caressed and loved again by gentle hands. We'll wander, with a glad and joyous heart, And bind anew the "lost or broken strands Of Memory, which Time has torn apart O'er blossomed fields of youth agaitr we'll stray, .Some day, dear heart, some day. Hatch. Bannock Co. years; We'll smooth the wrinkled brow and cheek, and then. All tenderly, we'll wipe away the tears. Then once again bereft of doubts and fears We'll lay our head on mother's gentle breast, And hear the songs of childhood in our ears, As in the days she packed us to our rest, And at her knee, our childhood prayer we'll pray ; Some day, dear heart, some day. " E. A. Brininstool . OBITUARY., Died at Basalt, Idaho, at the home of her daughter, Mrs. 'Martha Jane Johnson, beloved Some dav we'll know the mother-lov- e again Which we have missed, mayhap, for dreary wife of Scth Johnson of Cannonville, Utah. She was the daughter of the late Anthony J. and Martha J. Stratton. amljwas born March 30. 1848, in Iowa. She was married to Seth Johnson on Oct. 10th, 1865, and was the motheT of eleven children; eight survive her. She was a devoted wife and mother, and knew no selfishness. She was an earnest worker in the Relief Society, Sunday School and Primary Association.. She was always ready to assist the sick,, and help the needy, and was heloved by all who knew her. She was interred in the Basalt' Cemetery. Com. ' . A SHORT SKETCH OF A NOBLE WOMAN.; "Who Died July at HatchIdaho. Christina Young Higginson was born in Scotland, July 31, 1844; was' the daughter of Nairn Young and Margaret. Adams. . Her parents died when she was leaving her in the care of her grandmother, who also died when she was thirteen years of age. Her parents were members of the. Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-da- y Saints, and she grew up, a .firm believer in all the principles of the Gospel. When she was eighteen years old she left her native land and all that was dear to her, and came to Utah to cast her lot with the people Of her faith. She Teft Scotland without purse or scrip, for the President of the branch, told her if she had faith she could go to Zion. She left Scotland in the spring of '63, reaching Salt Lake City in September of the same, year, and soon after was married to Wm. T. Higginson. She was the mother of "eight children, five boys nd three girls, two of the girls hav-- . ing gone before her to Home above. Her youngest son was in the mission field, and he did not reach home-itime to see his mother alive, but has since gone back to finish his mission. She also leaves a blind son. She was a true, faithful Latter-da- y Saint, and was ever ready to defend the Faith. She filled many positions of trust in the Church and was president of the Relief Society af the time of her death. 6, 1910,, Mrs. Margaret E. Sangster, in the Woman's Home Companion for July, comes out Mrs. Sangster has for woman suffrage. always been an "Anti," but she is now converted, and she gives her reasons for her change of belief. ' very-youn- n " CONTENTS. Portrait of New Presidency of the Relief 2d Society . The New President and Counselors ot the 25 . . .Annie Well? Cannon Relief Scjdety The GeneratCefief Society Conference. . . Annie Wells Cannon 26 , .. . 27 Amusements Amy Brown Lyman 28 . . Julia Ward Howe Relief The Society Presidency .Annie Wells Cannon 29 Annie Kay Hardy 30 Amusements e Relief Society Stake Reports: North 30 St. Joseph Autobiography. . . . . 31 . . . Lucy Walker Kimball .... . . . 32 . . . . . . . .... ...... Resolutions of Respect A Short Sketch of a Noble Woman.: Hattie J. Higginson 32 32 ..... ... . . Obituary .. . . .... ..... 28 . . Editorial Extremes, in Dress . . . . . . . . Poetry A Prayer. .'James Whitcomb Riley 2o E. A. Brininstool ,26 Some Day The Isle of Long Ago. . . . . . . ' ..... . :. . Benjamin F. Taylor 3227 A Loving Tribute. .Nellie Beecraft" ........ ........ Sari-pet- ....... ' . R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. . 67-69- 71- . nd - OUft SPECIALTY Main Street, Salt Lake City. ladies' -- . .. ready-to-wea- r garments OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.. ' . TRY US - 