18- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. - V" h ' the "ititvi?rall ' daughters ol'AlOri.-'ttt- cn we may say of this mother of mothers in the words of Solomon, the wise man. "Many i d;uhtvrs h.uc XCclliNt tllUii dune virtuously, but thou ' all." that' can' Ik said or written. of this saintly unman, will not perhaps satisfy those who loved her so deeply and sincerely, but it is the .last tribute we Van pay to those wh leave tb for that land of leauty andof who have. lived lives of rest' where tln-purity on earth luive entered in through the sorrow shining portal. nevermore or parting. We who have put our hand to the plow All y to-kno- must not turn hack because one who was our teacher, our exemplar, our good comrade has t'one on ahead and left us to f. if. fortre our own wav pcrcnance mrougn rough and untrod paths; he of good cour age, let us not look backward but press on toward "the prize of the high calling" and never grow weary in There are still new fields to traverse and heights to climb, in the realm of woman's work in spiritual growth and intelligence; awaits the young sisterwhat a mis-io- n hood. We have barely seen the auspicious dawn of woman's era of which we talk so freely. Are we not glad that we have before us greater things to accomplish and wider scope for our more efficient endeavors. The noble example of the heroic women of the past in the early days of the Church, laboring under great difficulties, driven from place tb place, sometimes without shelter,, and yet patient, submissive, and prayerful, full of that sublime faith which never falters,' these women' who have been the standard-bearer- s to light the way of progress for the younger generation arc nearly all gone, and .therefore we may be excused if we speak their praise, and proclaim their good deeds ; and we say to the young women of today, go and do likewise, and more abundantly. This is not a pen picture of the beautiful, life and character of Sister Bathsheba, whose name is enshrined in the hearts of those who know her sterling worth and w ho loved, her for her many noble characteristics, but is more a tribute of love, and at some time in the near future a true history, of her long sweet life must be f written, and left oif record for "those wlio-w- ill carry forward the work hereafter. Many of us know how proud she was of having been born in Virginia, and looking back to that period :qne' seems to see the picture portrayed by her of herx home on the farm and its surroundings, the girl herself on horseback, fearless and free: cantering over the fields. and breathing in the pure: her this' was the greatest luxurv. It air; to . . f ' i i i a is inaeea ioveiy country, woods ana helds, well-doin- g. -- J . and streams of pure sparkling water, and an abundance of the good things of life. Into this Southern home of plenty and thrift the Gospel came, brought by Elders of the Church of Latter-da- y Saints. The were Bigler family converted. Bathsheba with the others,mdst the yonngTPdefs who carried the glad t i dings joy into that. home wa? ih gifted young Elder George A. Smith. Some years atter Ueonre A. Smith and , Bigler wtfe married.; it was a true love match, and proved a very happy one. Elder . -- of-gr- eat .ft.-cV- .h.j7v.i.. j--i .i fflffl io 1111 lmnonani. the next day,4 found her well;.' walking"' ' around. Shc as then a faithful. 'Saint ; afterwards she was married out of the ..Church, relying on his promise that he would not ! terfere with her in her religion. At :tce after her marriage he. forbade her to o to positions of honor and of trust in the Church 'arid-ithe state, and always by his side sharing his honors and rejoicing in his prosperity and achievements was the wife of his youth, true and faithful in all the walks of the meetings on recognize the elders when life. Many years they journeyed on together, through the various changes that come she met them. The result is she has left the . Church. into the lives of the saints, who yield obediBefore leaving for London, I dreamed ence to the Gospel requirements. I Finally in 1876, death, entered their home one night.that was ill, I went Ijpmc but as and the faithful and devoted husband was soon as I reached there I was well. Then I called to a. higher sphere. Sister Bathshegrieved that I had not remained, .longer, to return and finish my mission. So ba Smith the fond anddeyoted wife, felt she could not be left to tread life's' paths I was busy packing my trunk, my two alone without the loving companionship of (laughters- assisting me. As we eagerlv her husband; but with the heroic courage discussed where this thing should be placed, of a true saint, he entreated her to live and and that, our hands touched as we laid them bear testimony of the Prophet Joseph Smith in. Then I awoke, and found myself alone in my little room in Sittingbourne. And and the work of the Lord established through his divine mission. This Sister how glad I was that I was there ! Then a letter came from Aunt Em. "Do Bathsheba.has faithfully fulfilled, thirty-fou- r or not get discouraged, Lydia," she wrote; years of widowhood, without murmur complaint, she has borne the testimony that "lady missionaries are an experiment now. her husband desired, and which she herself and I want you to adapt yourself to conddelighted in giving to all the world by voice itions; do not get discouraged and conic ,J and pen, borne it to thousands, and people home." were always impressed with her words for "O Aunt Em," I thought, "if you could they carried conviction of sincerity and only see some of the conditions!" Nevertheless I was gratejul for remembrance and truth. Sister Bathsheba Smith has gone to her encouragement. I enjoyed walking through husband and her son (slain in the prime of the fields and green lanes of England, as life by the Indians), and we miss her dear we went to meeting, or visited the Saints. face in all the accustomed places, her passOften as we walked we sang, "Ye who are one called to labor," and. "Though deepening ing away was so quiet and. peaceful that we can scarcely realize the fact that trials throng your way,' Press on. press on ye fs one like see her on earth again. It Saints of God." How beautiful the hymn near and going on a long journey without bidding sounded, echoing and far the songs of Zion always inspiring, good bye. usefulHer life was full to the brim of seemed doubly so now. ness in the Master's service, everywhere she London once more, and a most refreshing went she scattered blessings, and her favorconference. We met friends as well as ite saying at parting with her friends was Elders from Zion whom we wereTejoiccd to "peace be unto thee peace to this house;" meet again. Some of the missionaries were and her mission was one of peace and blesstransferred to other fields, some I was among. the later. I was glad for ing. How beautiful the scriptural saving: "He giveth his beloved sleep," and how apI had made friends where "I stayed. It was she not that the dear woman (a Catholic) had plicable to this blessed woman truly fell asleep and. passed peacefully away withnot been subjected to disagreeable things. out a struggle or even a sigh, it was scarcely neighbor even going to her husband, telling him of what was said about the Mormons. perceptible that her spirit had fled. Her demise occurred on Tuesday morn But they withstood it all, and allowed me to ing, September 20, 1910 at 10 : 15. remain, rejoicing when I came back to them. The funeral services were held in the. I had only just gotten down to work again large Tabernacle on Sunday September 25. when disquieting letters began - to arrive Sister Smith was the very first woman ever from home. My eldest son was ill, his baby buried from the Tabernacle. The building also. Other letters stated things were quite was artistically draped in white, the cascritical, and I decided to go to London, so ket was pure white and many of the flowas to get the letters earlier, or if it should of relatives and friends be deemed advisable, start for home. One ers, gifts loving were pure white. A large oil painting of of the Elders accompanied me. this queenly woman was hung on the great we The last afternoon in Tabernacle organ and was a very signifi- . visited one of the SaintsSittingbourne far out in the cant feature in the grouping of the gatherfields, and as we returned a lark arose from There seemed no death that great 'an adjacent field near, to us, and, flying high ing. of like was a sacred serassembly people, in the air, burst irtto a most prolonged trivice in a holy sanctuary. E. B. W. umphant song. I stood still and distened. all "So he bringeth them unto their desired haven." "It is a good omen," I said. I called on the Saints and bade them farewell in case I Psalm cvii:30. did not' return. Letters came frequently: "Don't come yet, mother," one said, "If MISSIONARY EXPERIENCES. things are worse we will let you know." After fast Sunday meeting at Qerkenwell (Continued.) some of the Saints returned with us to tea Another instancewas that of a young' sisM Penton Street. A young sister sat next to ter who was afflicted with swelling me whom I observed. did not eat anything, on her knee, about the sizeajyhite of an English aAd was silent. "Are you not well, sister," loaf. The Elders asked me to go to her and I asked. Then she told me she was going give her a blessing, which I did, after the adto the hospital next day to have a growt fi 1 ministration. She was quite alarmed as she at the base of her great toe removed (it was in-- and-resolve- - -- can-nev- er re-echoi- ng, . in-al- l -- -- 