am I to do? They, won't let me have my trial in. Nauvoo, but are going to .take me to Walla Walla. I thought I fihould "be at home by this time where my wife would look after my elothing, as it is in need of attention. their genuine puouceuorts ana per- - ; lives and the most earne.4 warning to all to use sonal by for others, and by the methods of sanitation 'and prevention; he among the people of their own " informed his audience that in times of war these few words and much more. more soldiers die of the infection of the localities, Recitation by Ardella Tibby, The Soul he men-- , camps than are killed in the battle,. of the Violin." tioned by way of illustration that the JapanSister Julia P. M. Farnsworth gave an ese had put this knowledge to a test in the paper on Hospitality, which we war with Russia for (en years the Japanese in full on another page. had young men studying in the colleges, all publish bacteriSoprano solo by Lizzie Thomas Edward, things pertaining to ep.nitation and Sister Clarissa S. Williams spoke on "Exology, and stated that if an army invaded t f the number should tremes.". The speaker felt ehe had a our country and subject to deal with and alluded to the be killed that die annually from tubercuthat our leaders losis infection, we would be aghast. The fact which seems apparentLatter-dathe Saints lecturer, occupied an hour's time and was were desirous, that listened to with the greatest interest, many should be as nearly perfect as mortals can of the ladies taking notes. The Dr. closed be. The Prophet began the reform by givhis address by mentioning a book that is ing the Saints the "Word of Wisdom." Now scientists are taking up the subject now adopted by the State Board of Educalife would be longer if we tion, and he hoped would be adopted by our and claim that Nature is modThe were not such extremists. General board of the Relief Society. hook is entitled "Primer of Sanitation, by erate in all its actions; the seasons prepare Ritchie." In recommending the book the the earth for the work it has to do. Remember Brigham Young, realizing the wo-- , Dr. added, "If we lived up to the knowledge men had given too much attention to dress we noasess we could Btamp out this terrible Assoplague. The opportunity that has come to and to food, organized Retrenchment ciations; if there is a place where women this Relief Society to stretch out for the sufare extremists it is in the work they do; we ferings of our fellow men is beyond expresshould maintain as much simplicity in our sion." After the lecture the conference dihouseholds as it is possible to do. I have vided into department meetings, viz: Secretaries and Treasurers, Mother's work, and never seen women manage their work like Nurse class work, for an hour's consultation our women who are called to so much public work, but the Lord helps us to do our on these subjects. ' duties in the home as well as our Church AFTERNOON SESSION. duties. In the city conditions are very different to what they are in the country. The Conference convened in the Assembly resorts running Hall at 2 p.m., President Bathsheba W. moving picture shows,-th- e all night or nearly so, draw our children, Smith presiding. Congregation sung "Glorious things of Thee are spoken." Prayer by and it is hard to curtail children's amuseSister Susan Grant. Prof. Horace S. Ensign ments. Nearly every night there are diversions for the young' people; and I believe rendered a solo. General Secretary Emmeline B. Wells that the Latter-daSaint women are not inmade the opening address: the subject, clined to they want things beau"The Relief Society," which is so broad and tiful and neat, but not extravagant, and I comprehensive that there is never time for do not think it necessary to speak b) this the half to be told, the 17th of March, 1910, subject, we are moderate, we try to observe was the 68th anniversary of its organization, the Word of Wisdom and to obev counsel there were just eighteen persons present on of those wiser than we are; but the problem that occasion, but they were selected for is before us and we must adjust conditions this purpose, choice women fitted to underas best we can. The speaker closed with a take this wonderful philanthropic, benevoprayer for our welfare and faithful performlent work. From this select coterie of ladies ance of our duties required of us from time has sprung and spread abroad this magnifi-- . to time. cent society, numbering nearly 40,000 woEmma Woodruff, President of Granite men in our own and foreign lands, and upon Stake Relief Society, was to discuss the topic the islands of the sea. The development 'Extremes," she announced that she was of women in many directions of thought and not a preacher but a worker, she believed work and the advancement that has characin the Relief Society work, and to do all terized the movement in uplifting the mind that is required of us; thought we were tryand foul is incalculable. What the world ing to do right and live bur religion. owes to the idea of womans' organizations Sister Harriet B. Harker referred to Sister is immeasurably greater than we have ever E. B. Wells', remarks about the younger attempted to claim. But we do know we women preferring to remain in the Young were the first to be organized in this way; Ladies' M. I. A., she wondered if we made and that the Prophet Joseph Smith was the our meetings as interesting and as profitable founder of this Relief Society, and that we as we might, for there could be no reason owe much to Brigham Young who set the why they should not join the Relief' Society' example of unifying the work in branches at the proper age. Sister. Harker quoted and stakes, and to Sister Eliza R. Snow and from Paul, "We should be in all her in carrying out the plan of things," and remarked thosetemperate words are just correlating so perfectly all the district oras true today as when they were uttered . ganizations of the same kind into one solid Extremes in any thing are not profitable. whole with divisions und subdivisions. Let us not have "fads" nor extremes of any The speaker explained why the Relief sort; we often hear of who are exSociety did ,not have a general outline of tremists in this and thatpeople direction, but let ; Mother's work for the entire society, and us remember to be temperate and moderate stated that it was to help educate and deand as wise as possible.: 1 L . velop the sisters in their, own locality by Sister Amy Brown Lyman felt very much doing the thinking and studying of the subinterested in the Relief Society work, though jects required, which is all helpful to the she ."was mind and heart. The address eloped with the fact quite new in it she appreciated that we needed this relief work,, a tribute to the earlv workers, the-this work to develop us. Sister Lyman great women of the past, who have enriched our mentioned the subject of purity, and that eelf-eacnjic- .e on . ng wash your clothing," I answered. "Indeed, Sister Home, you Jo "not look able to do it." I insisted, and he finally consented, as I told him my Saturday's work was all done. I prepared his clothing that afternoon, so that he. was ready for his journey in the jmorning. ... . 'Twill Sister Cleveland, who had heard of the Prophet's arrest, came to see him, and met him at the door just as he was leaving. As she shook hands with him she began speaking in tongues. Brother Joseph listened until she had finished, then turned to us and said, "You need have no fears for me; as Sister Cleveland says I Bhall have my trial and be acquitted." He was acquitted, and was received with great honors on his arrival at his home. The last time I shook hands with the Prophet was at the Mansion Honse, on an occasion when I had called to nee part of the family. I testify that Joseph SmUh was the greatest Prophet that ever lived on this earth, the Savior only excepted. There was a personal magnetism about him which drew all people who became acquainted with him to him. I feel greatly honored when I realize that 1 have had the privilege of personally entertaining this great man, of ministering to his temporal wants, of shaking hands with him, and listening to his voice. , I heard him relate his first vision, when the Father and Son appeared to him; also his receiving the gold plates from the Angel Moroni. This recital was given in compliance with a special request of a few particular friends in the home of Sister Walton, whose house was ever open to the Saints. While he was relating the circumstances the Prophet's countenance lightened up, and so wonderful a power accompanied his wordi that everybody who heard them felt his influence and power, and none could doubt the truth of his narration. I know that he was true to his trust, and that the principles he advanced and taught are true. I solemnly testify that I know that the principle of plural marriage is true; that it came direct from God. I have had evidence of its truthfulness, and have lived in it for nearly fifty years. I counsel all my posterity to avoid condemning or making, light of this sacred principle. . GRNERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. SECOND DAY. The Relief Society Conference convened Saturday morning, April 2, 1910, in the Salt Lake Assembly Hall, in this city, President Bathsheba W. Smith presiding. Meeting opened by singing "Come, come, ye Saints," prayer by Sister R. A. Lyman, singing "Prayer is the soul's sincere desire." Dr. George AVMiddleton delivered an in teresting arid instructive address, on Tuberculosis, its prevention, ,etcfc The learned Dr. prefaced his remarks by saying he appreciated the privilege of speaking to the Relief Society, and was alwaysttrtfud of this organization of women who are working in the best interests of humanity! Dr, n excellent facts and figures, gave many , -- Mid-dleto- dim-cul- one-hal- y y over-dres- s, ; co-work- ers . -- 