;.yOMXtt:$ OUR flOTHER'S SONQS. r f ! as instrnctive. w I -- is iug hi? the pongs our mothers eung, ' Softly low, "and o'er and o'er, we were young When our hearts were fresh, and ' -of yore. In beautiful days. The songs that linger in rnem'ry dear, And help us to live from year to year. "' The mother's eong is a sweet refrain, Floating down the waves of time; It soothed our childhood's keenest pain, Tho' 'twas only simplest rhyme, And ever thro' life's dreariest days, it cheers and gladdens loneliest ways. Our mother's songs of the long ago mem'ries here today, Sing them tenderly, sweetly and low, List! the,echoe8 far away, ('ailing up scenes of days that are past, Pictures in ehadow, true to the laet. Wake old Sing tor the veterans mo tears may come, Sing them songs both new and old, Uejoice ,3 Do not fail to have testi... at Jeast once a month, and - pie in deportment and neatness of appear- muny meetings ance. rise-angently urge the timid to bear their I'must now say farewells I shalltake testimony. the names of, the of the Relief SoJust a word to societies just organized. cieties home with ofjicere me, and will be pleased Conduct your meetings with singing and to heaT occasionally of your success. I prayer, the president or other sister in charge shall watch the "Star" with interest for giving out the hymns. After roll call, the your record. My home address is 1175 minutes are read by the secretary, correcNinth East Street, Salt Lake City. Love tions are called for by the president and to you all, and again farewell! noted by the secretary, after which they are Romania B. Penrose. vote. accepted by They are then recorded by the secretary, and the society should Purchase a L'Ood' R7.P( hnnlr in rrmfnin tha records, as they are often very valuable for R. 5. REPORTS. luture reference. All money collected must be cared for by the treasurer, as she is resREORGANIZATION ponsible for it. She should rer.nrd all re Ward Relief Minutes of the 12th-13tceipts and disbursement ro that Rhe can make her books balance and show how Society held May 5th, 1910, President much money has been received and how Amelia W.- Wardrop presiding. Meeting much disbursed, and what is on hand. If opened by singing, "Come, come ye Saints." the president and counselors see the necessPrayer was offered by Bishop P. P. Piatt. ity of using, at once, money coming into Singing again, "Redeemer of Israel.'' Roll their hands, they should let the treasurer call showed an attendance of f officers, 30 have the recprd of amount received and members and 3 visitors. Reports of the different blocks were given. disbursed. The president not to conduct President Wardrop made a few opening the affairf the society without advising She felt very grateful to the siswith her counselors, ag a rule, but in remarks. emergencies she can decide herself. A ters for the interest shown in the Relief So Sister Carrie C. Piatt then re small sum such as a penny or more should ciety work. be given at each meeting by each member ported the condition of the sick at thf hosable to do so, but the poorest is just as valpital which was very encouraging. Sister ued a member as anyone". Make it a matter Matilda King volunteered, to make the next visit. of duty, a pleasant one, too, to attend the " Dishop Piatt spoke J for a short time, meetings, and go with full expectation of stated that President Wardrop wished to be bringing home at least one good helpful released from her position n account of thought. We should all act as missionaries to having moved out of the ward, and that it was with a feeling of deep regret that he spread" the light of the gospel that we ourselves have obtained, and will it not be consented as she had been a most faithful both interesting and instructive to take up worker in the Relief Society. An opporthe principles one by one at a time for tunity wa8 then given to the sisters to express their feelings towards Sister Wardrop. study? The more we investigate and meditate on them the more light we gain and Nearly all the sisters present expressed their faith in their efficacy and truth. These great love and respect for her, and told of principles should be eo impressed on our the grand and noble work she had done and children that they rill almost count the that her absence would make them feel that days when they will be eight years old and they had lost a very dear friend. Sister James of the General Board. and can be baptized. It is now decided that children after becoming eight years old and Counselor in the Stake was present and not baptized must at nine years be denied spoke in behalf of Sisters Romney and Annie the Sacrament. It seems cruel and very K. Hardy that they felt sorry indeed to to leave the remiss in their duty of parents not to see to know that Sister Wardrop was it that the children are not deprived of that society, and that they all have the greatest and respect for her, urged the members blessing. Teach , the girls and boys too, love to uphold and sustain the new officers. not to be boisterous or forward in manners Sister Wardrop said she had enjoyed her nor given to loud daughter when together in The Lord is .labors, very much, and that she felt very socials or after meetings. to leave; wishing the new officers pleased with cheerfulness and harmless fun, sorry but he says that much laughter is sin. We much success and pleasure in their new can be happy and have the best of times position. Sister Mary Winder Carrington was then without excess of any kind. Mothers re sustained as President,' Sister Jane E. member this and impress it upon the Beatie First Counselor and Sister Henrietta were set Let us strive to overcome the small errors E., Hammer Second Counselor, they B. apart for the positions by Bishop F. Piatt. of life, and soon we will gain strength to A vote of thanks was given to Sister-Emilgrapple with the larger ones. Mothers, be Y. Clawson for the good and faithful work watchful of your girls and boys, and give : as Counselorwhile in office. proper instructions according to their years President Carrington and her Counselora and development. Every girl should be felt to tauffht to sew and to cook and to keep a each spoke a few words, saying they would . and that clean and even an artistic home, and the accept their position to fill it they donthe best they could properly. boys to do their share in keeping order and Y. Clawson expressed her Sister Emily comfort in the house. Mr. Louis Potter, an she had been re eminent Dortrait painter, after spending self briefly that although as Counselor she leased from the position some time in Salt Lake City, said, "The would still attend the meetings as often ag vouner erirl who does not know how to make she could and be one with the sisters. hp.r owu'clothes and how to conduct a house Meeting adjourned. Congregation sung hold on risfht lines, and also see about the the Doxblogy and the benediction was bare of children is not truly a Mormon -by Sister Emma Derrick. of behonor the has who ' girl Every girl" " C. Erickson, Sec. HuldaH examan be should Latter-day Saint ing a . d "' ' - . " h they're here in their mountain home, Towers and temples they behold. Valiant for truth that has made them free, Life's battle won -- cometh victory. Kmmelixe B. Wells. Written for July 21, 1909. FAREWELL ADDRESS TO THE exponent; RELIEF SOCIETY. - The time has arrived when I must "leave the shored of good old England and return to the land of Zion. My associations with the sisters have been most pleasant and never to be forgotten. I thank our heavenly Father for the success attending the organization of the sMeia into, societiea after the pattern set by our beloved prophet Joseph Smith- - His inspired words at several meet ings of the first organization, I look upon as of the greatest value and importance. They have to be read and to perceive their deep meaning. There have been forty- Fix, societies organized and four more are ready at this time to be organized, in the British mission. There were but three so cieties when I arrived in England. Over pix hundred women have enrolled their names as workers in this great cause of re lief to the poor, sick and afflicted, and in a re-rea- d bond of mutual improvement. Let each sister remember that she has an unfailing friend and adviser in her Heaven ly Father who is ever near and whose ear is always open to hear the prayers of all who who ask in faith; also we have, the presence of the Priesthood to advice and consult with on all matters of doubt, and we should abide their decisions. We must avoid all schisms and everything that may lead to division or 1 Ll' TT uiaeausiacuon. union, love, narmony ana goodwill to each other are the watchwords of our societies. ' Loyalty to. the officers ap- pointed by the Priesthood 'is a sacred duty, and we should give them our faith and prayers and support, The Lord can prepare the weakest who works by faith and in humility to nil any position to which she may be call1 - ed. j 1 - .. :' I advise you not to take pride in hoarda ing large sum in the treasury, but rather to look about and see where good can be done, and some one helped and comforted. Each society should arrange its work as' best suitedto the.needs of the locality, and strive to always have work or material on,hand lor willing hands to fashion into useful garments or fancy articles for sale at bazaars 1 4 or socials. The Prophet Joseph Smith said we should-gaiwisdom from good books. These should be selected so as to be interesting as well: ' y . ; ed pro--nounc- , ' - 