WOMAN'S 8 5ISTIIR PIINROSI;, ' jtn r vising, June 10th, d most excellent Bo'cial was behl in honor of .President and Sister Penrose previous' to their departure for Zion.. The' hall at Durham House On Friday was well filled with visitors and an'excellent "program was rendered. At the close of the program, to each of the Quests was presented a valuable' and very beautiful. ring, a token from the Elders in all the European mission, the sisters of the Relief .Society and Saints and friends of the various branches in these isles.' The rings were each set with one hi large pure white diamond-purchas- ed f vv Drk n n 1 1 vt h a t a KX PONENT. great-goo- d it whh dAa esneciairy among me yuuni;,iiJiiiudc. Alice Lecture on Church History by Mrs. Merrill of Maeser Ward, which was very ably handled. " Song, "When there's love at home.' Mrs. May V. Lambert felt well'in meeting with the sisters. it being the first time she had had the privilege of being to a Relief Society conference, she also reported the Roosevelt society in good condition. Mrs Annie K. Bartlett spoke of the lecture we had listened to'. The revelation that we had just listened to; encouraged us to press onward and do all the good we can, encouraged the sisters to be diligent in. getting the lectures given us, spoke .of what a great blessing the Church school was to the community. Singing, and benediction by Mrs. Fannie E. Stewart. Afternoon session: continued, singing and prayer and song from Vernal First Ward by Mrs. Minnie Davis accompanied by Mrs. . President Thatcher of the Netherlands-Belgiumission gave his good ottices in thepurchase of the gems, assisted by a diamond merchant of thirty years experience, an uncle pf Elder Korthals of that mission. After a half day spent in examining stones in one of the biggest emporiums in Amsterdam, two were selected which the expert, Elder Korthals' uncle, declared to . Belcher. be absolutely .perfect in every detail. It Myrtle Essay from Jensen Ward by Mrs. Mary A. was a pleasure to be able to present such Chatwin entitled "Temperance." gems to our honored guests and the reIn the absence of Mrs. Emma Woods who sponses were, made with great feeling. After of been all other parts the program had was to give the lecture on Mothers Work, of and cake Mrs. Anna Smart "volunteered to give it. gone through with, refreshments American of ice cream in Lecture entitled "The home as a sandwiches,. strictly served. were was and strawberries It make, education." Mil- a delightful evening in every respect Questions on 'die lecture were asked by lennial Star. Mrs. Fannie E. Stewart and answered by the brethren and sisters. Song from Maeser Ward by a group of R. S. REPORTS. Relief Society workers. Recitation by Mrs. Grace Colton, title Once More." IJUERTY STAKK. President Col ton rmde a few closing re- comerence-o- f The liberty marks, urged the sisu'r to try and put what Stake Relief Society convened June 23rd, they had heard into practice. Thanked the 1010, in the Ninth Ward meetinghouse, sisters of Glines Ward for their hospitality. Conference adjourned for three months. President Annie S. Musser presiding. Elder Hugh J.i Cannon, President of Bishop Joseph McKee thought we had C. W. Symons and food for thought, if we will only put it into Liberty Stake, Elders Milando Pratt of the High Council. Sisters practice we will be greatly benefitted, he E. S. Wilcox and A. K. Hardy, of the Genspoke at. some length on reverence. eral Board of the Relief Society were present. Mrs. Mary H. Stringham thought we Sister Elizabeth S. Wilcox gave us some should try and put what we had heard into timely instructions. President Cannon and practice; spoke of the mission of mothers. Elder Symons each spoke briefly giving us Singing, "Our Lord we raise to Thee." Benesome good advice and words of encouragediction by Elder Ernest Eaton. ment and comfort. Phebe A. Merkley, Sec. The afternoon session convered at 2 o'clock Judge Alex. McMaster of the Juvenile Court delivered a very interesting ana instructive lecture on existing conditions and how to IN flEMORIAM. overcome the evils which exist today. The To the Memory of our beloved Sister Ellen D. Judge was listened to with much interest.. Sisters Annie K. Hardy and E. S. Wilcox Clarke. Who passed away at her home in American Fork, April 13th, 1910. Aged 70 years Noaddressed us for a short time endorsing all vember 22nd. . that had been done and said. In being called upon to part with Sister Clarke we realize that a very dear Friend, has been ta'President Musser made a few closing from ken midst; one who was always ready thanking all who had helped to make to help," toour comfort, or to contribute of her means our conference a success. After singing and for the benefit of others. Her home" was open at benediction" conference adjourned for six all times, and a warm welcome accorded the caller. We feel to bo v in humilitv to the rod. But months. .. ' Oh how we miss her kind hand, and her . Lizzie Bobbins, Sec. gentle presence,, her w6rd of kindness and the sweet spirit accompaning it. It is hard to be reconciled 7 Amsterdam.' m ' has bvstowed"upqn Jher sisters will be V will be chi;gr:ti long remembered, and her good deeds emulated.' 'She has" finisLtd" her work and gone to her- rest, leading a family of faithful, dutiful, eons and daughters who will continue her labors, and help keep her mem-or- y in'phe her-saying- s - . ' green. . associated with her forsomany ears know her sterling worth, and we realize that her loss leaves a vacancy in our hearts that will not he tilled until we meet her in that home, where there is no sorrow and where parting never come. Sister Clarke was a great advocate of having raised the cocoons, reeled the silk and made silk dresses for herself and daughters. Truly it may be said of her she eustaind home manufacture and she was a saint of God in very deed. "(Jive her of the fruit of her hands, anil let her own work praise her in the, gates,'; We who have been peri-cultu- re - Sister and Loving Friend. And in behalf of the Sisters of the Kejjef Society of the Alpine Stake we extend to her children our deepest sympathy, and pray that He who has said, "That a sparrow falleth not unnoticed", will grant, unto them His loving tender care, and A be a Father unto the Fatherless We desire this Memoriam be kept on record, and a copy given to the bereaved family,- - also a copy sent to the Woman's Exponent of which subscriber since thelst of its publication. How tender she was at the couch of pain How willing her sisters to blear, The poor felt her liberal hand in theirB Hejr'worka were of righteouness, Her counsels were fraught with wisdom Her teachings were full ot love Her example will bear fruition; That will follow her above. Emma Featheretone Orpha Robinson Elisabeth J. Durrant. Fhe was a . - Pcini-annu- al . . NOTE5 AND NEWS. Chapman Catt continues to improve. She has left the hospital for her home" at 2 w. 86th Street, New York City, and she expected to be able to dispense with a trained nurse about the time this paper will reach our readers. The latter part of July, if she is strong enough, she hopes to go away to some couutry place for the Mrs. Carrie School of Nurses DR Will open in Salt Lake City, on Mon' . . . day, September ly, 1910. . Dr. Margaret C. Roberts is a gradu-ate of the Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania. . . . .. . . Twenty-fiv- e ks, to our loss. JL11.. Her seat in our meeting is empty. Her prayers and testimony will be heard no more in our midst. But the work she has done, and the blees- - the fifty-fir- regular quarterly st conference of the Jlelief Society of Uintah Stake, held at Glines Ward, June 2nd, 191 0t beginning at 10 a. m., President Nancy A. Colton presiding. ; fter opening exercises minutes, roll call etc. rresiaem iancy uoiton welcomed the brethren and, sisters, was pleased to see so many of the Relief Society workers present, especially the President of Roosevelt (from the reservation); spoke of Mothers i. phy- and obstetrics. . . . . . . . For seven years Instructor of the Latter-da- y Saints Relief Society School of Curses. . . . . . . For further information, write to fURQARET C. ROBERTS, M. D., 79 C... Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. . Minutes of years a practicing sician in Salt Lake City. . . Twenty years has taught nursing re-mar- tJINTAH STAKE. ROBERTS' SCHOOL OF NURSING Bell Phone 2002. R. K.. THOMAS DRY GOODS. CO ' Main 676971 Street, Salt Lake City. OUR SPECIALTY ladies' rT? ready-to-wea- r garments . mmnir 1J nxn.M. ciuKir HUN. cvlm ' s tdv - J AAV V- 