1 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 24 and' to fv Motrr'Ov. nf. the r ord ,hcaJierwfftfrVhVhcnRelief Society teacher also . of the lecture Lafollet and Ritta Porter bore .good tcsti monies Libbie Sncll spoke of witnessing-- ; which had been so ably given." out an Mrs. Annie K, Hardy spoke of the beau . "when o girl, the Priesthood casting evil spirit from one of "her school mates. tiful scenery along the road. Encouraged I.vdia Workman said she felt she had to the sisters to press onward in their work. Lord unto her, Alluded to the lecture which had been given tell of the goodness of the ' in healing her' little boy. He was kicked by so beautifully; referred, to the Relief Society a Jionse." his skull was mashed and they had being the first auxiliary organization in the Church, and the charitable work it was dono hopes for his life, but through the Priesthood he was entirly healed. Laura Rappley ing; we should not neglect anybody, no matsaid "she knew the Iord could answer our ter who they are, sjoke of the encampment prayers if we were miles away from our in Salt 'Lake City, and of the words which loved ones; Had a niece away from home had lx.'eir prophesied", "where it says we shall with consumption, whom the doctor said go up to the mountain of the house of the could not live, she. requested her friends at Lord. Urged. the sisters in their labors, liome to fast and pray for her, at the very to extend their efforts to the aged and hour they set for prayer she, said she felt a Elder Reuben S. Collett represented the thrill go' through Ikt whole lody; she is alive" and mother of a family. Maud Call, stake presidency; said life is what we make who had gone down to death's door in hearout of it ; spoke of the responsibilities of ing two children, told of how 'she had been mothers in rearing their children, for the delivered with the third normally through mother is the one that has the care of the the young Jadi.es of the ward holding a fast child to a greater extent than the father. Referred to mothers work in the Society and meeting tor her. Sarah Ballard, Susan Simmons and Ber- what a great work was being done among tha Sessions' bore their testimony, told of the sisters, dwelt ujwn charity. the' goodness of God to them. Singing, "Come, Come ye Saints." BeneAmanda Marchant sang, "The Unknown diction by Elder Joseph McKee. vc UINTAH STAKE. T tt be Afraid." President May Lambert Roose- reported Minutes of 52nd regular quarterly also velt Relief Society. President Rachel Bas-cothe 3rd Annual Relief Society conference, reported Naples Relief Society each held in the Stake Tabernacle, August 19, Society in good condition. 1910, beginning at 10 a. m. Mrs. Minnie Home James felt well in We had as missionaries, Mrs. Minnie hearing such good reports as she had heard ; Home James and Mrs. Annie K. Hardy, of urged the sisters to persevere in Relief Sothe General Board of Relief Society. ciety work, and if each sister will study the President Nancy A. Colton presiding. lectures they are the ones that will be bene- Singing by choir and congregation, "Our but jf we jugt heaf them and do nQt God we raise to Thee ; .opening prayer by study them, they will not do us much good, Mrs. Annie K. Bartlett ;. Singing, - High on She eomnared the wJfli WIAV amnel tWO I the Mountain Top." ' churches. President Nancy A. Colton welcomed the She .' Song by a group of young girls from brethren and sisters to conference. led by Mrs. Ethelwynne Collett, acalso reported the Relief Society of the Stake Maeser, companied by Miss Rose Hays. ; inj good condition. Mrs. Annie K. Hardy spoke of the labors J Lecture on Church History by Airs. Alice Merrill, subject: "TKe Founding of Zion." of our aged fathers and mothers for our Song from Vernal 2nd Ward by Mrs. benefit, also be kind to your small children; with-eacother. She Jane' Bennion, accompanied by Miss Meda said, sisters be patient ' ' exhorted the ' '. . young, sisters to be virtuous ; Carpenter. Resolutions of Respect, in honor of Mrs. Lillian Young: Whereas, Our Heavenly Father, in His divine providence, has seen fit to call to himself our Lillian A. beloved friend, sister, and Young, and Whereas, We recognize in her a disposition of sweet womanliness, a true mother, loving wife, and real help-mat- e to her husband, and Whereas, Though faithful to her home duties, her sympathies and interests extended beyond, in that she was ever ready to perform her religious obligations, and Whereas, The poor and needy, the sick and afflicted, the orphan and motherless, the sufferer and the mourner.'atvays "found a" friend in her, and Therefore be it Resolved, That we, the officers and members of the Dublan Relief Society, sympathize deeply with the fhusband, children and relatives, and feel Tceen'y her loss 'as a friend and Resolved, That we meekly bow to the will of God in calling her home, as we believe to her exaltation, and we humbly pray that the Lord will send the comforting .and soothing influence of his spirit to bless, comfort and uplift her sorrowing family and friends Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be spread upon the books of the Relief Society, that a copv be given to the husband and family of our dear departed sistei; and that a copy be sent to El Progreso and one to the Woman's Exponent. co-labor- - a the- -, RESOLUTIONS, Way-Farin- u..-a- B. Colton, counselor in ; . ni a?4VAtaiM. stake presidency, gave excuse for President William H. Smart not being there, was pleased to see so many but there might be .more. He always felt to say God bless our mothers, he thought the sin of indifference was growing in our midst to a great extent; spoke of keeping our girls at home, and not let them go to mining camps to work gave counsel in regard to storing grain. President Nancy A Colton felt to think all who had helped in this conference; gave the visiting sisters a vote' of thanks; ex plained how chanty should be given. Conference adjourned for three months. Singing, "Come Let us Anew." Benediction by Elder Harry C Hullinges. Phebe A. Merkley, Secretary. Uintah Stake" Relief Societv. m Afternoon session: Continued by singing, "Do What is Right;" prayer by Mrs. Fannie E. Stewart ; singing, "A Poor g man of Grief." A talk on mothers work by Mrs. Mary tion. H. Stringham. She outlined" the mothers Y cal duet, "When you Bowed this work and read the different subjects of this Sessions. Vena and Bertha Morning," by year's plan. President Jesse W. Crosby compared the Mrs. Annie K. Bartlett spoke of inviting Relief Society with other organizations ot our husbands and sons to Relief. Society the world; related incidents of his teachings meetings so as when they were called on in the Church. missions they would know the order of the testiher bore Welch L. President Mary Relief Society. Urged the sisters to gather all who had taken felt thank to part grain in the time and season and now is the mony; and made the conference a success. time, leach our children the trosoel so if ua i Closed by singing, "God be With you." y : H B juwun Benediction by Claudia Kctchum. Irene will be county they prepared. Marchant, secretary. Song by Mrs. Ethelwynne Collett, accompanied by Miss Rose Hays, entitled, "Don't true, to parents Elder Dan , Grave." Sister Tiggen, Charlotte Lindsay President Susie Harney bore testimonies. Byron Sessions encouraged the Relief Society sisters in their work, asked the sisters to honor and respect those who had been called to preside over this organiza- be, co-labor- -- i Bertha Pratt, Lexja Harris, m Committee. r . .' . . , h -- : . We had reports from the following presidents i; President Keturah Berkley, Vernal First Ward ; President Hannah B. Odekirk, Vernal " Second Ward ; each reported the. Societf in good condition. Mrs. Minnie Home James was much impressed in storing grain, thought the sisters shotild put iorth an extra effort this -- NOTES AND NEWS. Mrs. Manila M. Ricker is a candidate for Governor of New. Hampshire. The State constitution does not permit women to vote, but Mrs. Thicker says there is nothing in it to prevent men from voting for a woman if they wish. Mrs. Marie Moss Wheat, wife of R. P. Wheat, manager of the government telegraph system in the Philippines, has voted, for President in Wyoming, Utah and Colorado, and has also practiced law in three states. She was one stime State President of the Wyoming W. 'C. T. U. She is now in Seattle, Washington, with her son, who is preparing to enter the University of Mich' igan. .v ' ': ';".,. " R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. " , Mam Street,Salt: Lake ; City. ;v :; 67-69- 71 OUR SPECIALTY - LADIES' R GARMENTS OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. READY-TO-WEA- TRY US 