WOMAN'S EXPONENT, 4. Kan to' euffcr with otoflhey did not undress to lie down, but put on everything they had and wrapped themselves in anything they could find. There was a small supply of blankets but no one authorized to serve them out. It is heartrending, almost, even now, to read the annals of the war. Every time the army, moved it seemed to get into worse quarters. The camp at Aladyar, where the army was posted, at the end of June, is a melancholy example of conditions. It was ten milef from the sea in a country utterly deserted, and the only communication was by heavy carts drawn' by buffaloes at "the rate of a mile and a half an hour and by this kind of transportation 25,000 men and 13.000 horses had to be fed Jn July the cholera broke out and carried off officers and men of both armies in large numbers. July 24, twenty men died in 24 hours. To cive any idea of conditions is most terrible. . ... On the 13th of September, 1854, 27,000 British troops wire landed on the shores of the Crimea and marched six miles into the country,and there was not a tree for shelter, the French troops who landed on the same day had shelter tents, but in all the Engliih host there was but one tent. At midnight the rain fell in torrents and continued all night, penetrating blankets and overcoats, it beat upon the aged generals, the young dandies, and the private soldiers alike, they slept in puddles, ditches and watercourses, without fire, without grog or prospect of breakfast, the Duke of Cambridge himself was no'"'better accomodated. This was the beginning of misery; on the following, day signals .were made from the admiral's shirxjor all the vessels of the great fleet to send the sick men on board the "Kangaroo." In the .course of the day the vessel was surrounded by hundreds of boats filled with sick soldiers and sailors, crowded to suffocation; before night fifteen hundred sick were on board and the scene was so horrible, the details were deemed unfit for publication. After all the vessel proved to be unseaworthy and all had to be transported to other vessels, many deaths occurred during removal; at the same time men were dying on the beach without any When the medical assistance whatever. at be to established was about hospital Balaklava, sick men were sent before the slightest preparation ttas made,' and many remained in the 6pen streets for hours in the rain. Winter set in with a terrible hurricane, the army were still in tents and no preparation had been made to protect the troops . against snow and cold andain, the hurricane broke upon them on the morning of November 14, an hour before daylight, the wind bringing with it torrents of rain,every: thing was filled with water and every tent laid prostrate by wind, horses, terrified, broke loose, and,, the whole country was covered with galloping horses. Towards storm cf a and sleet set night driving gnow the and this storm in, tormenting army, was even more deadly on sea than on shore. Many a ship stored with things for the army of which they were Jn perishing heed went to the bottom of the Black Sea. A letter by Dri Russell, who was there . with the British army is too dreadful to read; he- uses these emphatic words: MNever was there such mismanagement, Balaklava : was a scene of filth and horror;" it" is said i l if letter all the rpictures of plague- - and pestilence ever drawn fall short of the scenes but of the rough disease'and death which' abounded there; 'Apparatus fordoing them; dematerial around,, boards, camp kettles, no attention was paid to cleanliness or becamp stoves and blundering ; lurks, Fhe cency,' men died without the least effort created laundries and kitchens which aning made to help them. The appalling swered until better could be provided. She. eights and scenes baffle all description. understood trie art of utilizing skillful labor. Some of Queen Victorias own "Household When a few nurses could be spared she yet Guards," were going into action at night appliances fur without soles to their shoes. Many men them to preparing surgical amputated limbs, etc., so that when a thouwere frozen in their tents apd the word hossand wounded men Were brought in, they no pital only conjured up scenes of horror. Feb-It longer sufferred or died for want of pome was not surprising that on the 10th of triffe that had not been got ready. ruary, out of a total of 44J)48 British troops "The 'Times' correspondent wrote of her, When there 18,177 were in the hospital. in these hospitals were stores .there was much trouble over 'she is a ministering angel rules of the army; and' as her slender form glides along each requisitions, the of -- " . - " -- iron-cla- d house full of needed things and no officer It is said the surgeons to serve them out. i di d their best, but the horror was the neg- ect of the sick in the hospitals, and a cry arose for a corps of skillful educated nurses. "There was but one woman in England and education fitted by character,-positioto head such a band." Sidney Herbert, a member of the British Cabinet, was an old friend of Florence Nightingale's father.there-forhe was well acquainted with her fitness and training; by a curious coincidence, Miss Nightingale wrote to him offering her services, and he wrote to her asking her aid on the same day. Other ladies of birth and fortune volunteered to accompany her and some superior professional nurses were added. October 21, 1854,' Florence Nightingale, accompanied by a clerical friend and his wife, and a corps of 37 nurses, left England for the Crimea; they traveled y;a France and sailed from Marsailles to Scutari by steamer, where the principal hospitals The were and reached there November 3. in town was crowded with misery every been had form; five unoccupied rooms which reserved for officers of high rank were assigned to the nurses, and at once they entered upon duty; and they were none too soon; in a few hours wounded men in great numbers were brought in from Balaklava and ere long thousands from the bloody fields of Inkermann. Fortunately a commissioner was there to supply Miss Nightingale's fir3t demands. Some days elapsed before men ceased to die for want of supplies that were in the town.but could not be obtained when required. One nurse reported that the first night of her attendance eleven men died before her eyes, whom a little wine or arrowroot would certainly have saved; Miss Nightingale saw it was no time to stand for trifles; the second day after she arrived six hundred wounded men were brought in, and the number soon increased to three thousand patients, under her immediate charge. She was gentle and tender and issued her orders with a calmness that comes of knowledge of what is best to be done. If red tape interposed she no one to unlock quietly cut it. If there-waa storehouse she took afew Turks with" her and stood by while they broke it open. The first week her labors were arduous beyond what any one could believe possible; she was known to stand for twenty hours directing the work of men and women. However fatigued she might be, her manner was always serene, and she had a smile or a compassionate word for the suffering as she passed them. As soon as the first needs of the men were attended to, she established a, washing house which she superintended herselrlso a kitchen which she herself inspected, where hundreds of gallons of beef tea and other liquid foods were prepared daily; she knew precisely how these things were done and the best .... i n e -- s , corrider.every poor fellow's face softens with gratitude at the sight of her. When all the medical officers have retired for the night, and silence anf rkness have settled down upon those miJLuf prostrate sick, she may be observed alone with a little lamp in her hand making her solitary rounds.' " The same writer says much more on this subject frOm which we only quote a word or two: "No one who has observed her fragile figure and delicate health can avoid misWith' the givings lest these should fail. heart of a true woman and the manners of a lady," accomplished and refined beyond most of her sex, she combines s surprising calmness of judgment and promptitude and decision of character." It seems incredible that these ladies were far from being welcomed either by the medical or military officers; it required all the firmness and tact of a Florence Nightingale to overcome the obstacles that were placed iniier way, and it was weeks before the hoswith pital authorities cordially her. Still, more incredible that cruel bigots in England severely criticised her for accepting the services of Sisters of Charity from Dublin. They discussed whether she herself was a Catholic or a Protestant, a witty clergyman remarked: "She belongs to a sect which is a very rare one the sect of the cd-operat- ed Good Samaritans." One of the chaplains who labored with her Rev. S. G. Osborne in his work on hospitals in Scutari, describes in the most interesting manner her appearance and character: Her nerve is wonderful, I have been with her at very severe operations; she was more than equal to the trial; she has an utter disregard for contagion!1 I have known her spend hours . over men dying Of cholera or fever. The more awful any particular case, especially that of a dying man herslight form would be seen bending Over", him, administering-ievery way in her power and seldom quitting his side until death released him. What wonder that the troops idolized her! One of the soldiers said: 'She would speak to one and to another and nod and. smile to as many more; but she cculdn't do it to all you know, we lay there by hundred 8 but we could kiss her shadow as it fell, and lay our heads on the pillow with content. Before she came there was cussin swearin' and after that it was as holy as a 4 church." All through v ": .'; -.- ;' that winter she toiled on and the spring until the middle of May. Then she was taken down with the camp fever and for a few days her condition was she passed the crisis, and the whole army rejoiced to hear that she was convalescent. In her little book published after her return home there are but two allusions to her services in the Crimea. One is that she had seen death in more forms than any other woman in Europe. The other "refers to flowers. 'I have seen in. fevers, (and alarm-ing.b- ut 