follows: Mrs, Annie lYrereerv of'Rivcfrido M in. .Minnie Larson, Mies Lucina C." Kinghain, iud Sanford II, of this city. She was the daughter ofUark" and Melissa Hall ti Ogden who came to Utah in the fall of 1347, Mr. ana .Mrs. isinguam were pioneers of ting val a? coining here to reside, in the enring of 1895. was chosen the of the pi at Ward the riret N.cicty organization in CJar- and laithiully lilled that position up to the nine of her uennee. During her prolonged illness their home was de- wjiuyrd hy fire and ehe was miraculously rescued in mi the burning building. hi 1873, Brother and Sister Bingham were called v l'reei'dent Briglwm Young, with a company of 5;iuiis to go to Arizona, to settle the country, and while there, endured many trials and privations, incident. to pioneer life. While there, bister Binehum sas president of the Primary Association for m:mv years, or until they were released bv Presiiii nt Woodruff in 1891. She was a true Latter-daSaint and loved by ail who knew her, for her I'iii'erful and sunny disposition; and her good works and influence will live and the world is bet ter for her having lived in it. 1,'v, pret-iden- t Jit-lie- f .kI. t is fo all the details of ner ttud Belle H "I'll Reap entitled Flake, her laws. We have a1 good lesson' in the ' What I Have Sown." fidelity of nature to her laws. Sister Phebe Y. Beatie, of. the General President Daniel Heiner made a few reBoard, followed with instructions and en- nature; how tfue ehTe mark?, had been interested in our conference, and he desirts to'aseist us in good works. We have fine sleighing and as a rule the people are able to enjoy it. couraging remarks pertaining to Relief SoShe related instances of graticiety work. tude and ingratitude. The Spirit of the Lord is willing to enter the lowly home as well as the palace, and delights in abiding with the humble and pure. We should rejoice in onr seclusion from the wicked world, for the trials and cares of parentR are much heavier where there are great temp- ' An Nik W. Clakk. R. S. Stake Secretary. l LIBEKTY STAKE. tations. -- - Conference of Liberty Stake Relief Society was held in the 9th ward assembly hall, December 9th, at ten a. m., and 2 p. m., President Annie S. Musser presiding. We had visiting ua, Elder C. W. Symons and Milando Pratt of the High Council of KLIZA L. (il.EASON, Secretary Garland H. s. Liberty Stake, and Sister Sarah J. Cannon of the General Board. The soloists of the morning session were RELIEF SOCIETY REPORT. Miss Kingsbury and Mrs. Eva M. James. After the opening exercises and greetings ST. JOSEPH STAKE. by President Musser. reports were made by Ueport of the Relief Society conference, the 9th, 10th. 31st, 33rd, Liberty and ImmiSt. Joseph Stake, held at Tnatcher; Decem wards;the organizations were reported ber 3rd, 1901). President Elizabeth Layton gration in a Hourishirvg condition, and all the workers and Counselors, all members of the Stake in the line of their duty. Board, and a splendid representation from, Sister Cannon encouraged us to store the wards in the Stake were nresent The wheat, invoked the sisters.to cultivate a spirsinging-wacongregational,- led by Mrs. it of cheerfulness when making their visits, hlhe R. Montieth, who also sang with Mrs. and remember the poor and needy. knudeen an appropriate duet. Elder C. W. Symons felt to endorse the A program for the two meetings had been work of the societ", encouraged the sisters prepared, which consisted of talks on differ to continue in the good work, and not be ent themes' relative to Relief Scciety work. come weary of well doing. interspersed with a recitation from Sister After the closing exercises, adjourned Km ma Merrill and a solo from Mits Pris- 2 o'clock. cilia Layton. Conference reconvened pt 2 o'clock, and We were honored by a visit from Sisters after opening exercises, Doctor M. H. Can feina l. Gates and Emma Romney, whooc- non delivered a lecture on ''Heredity and cuped a share of the time and helped to Environment.! which was Jnstructiveand make it one of the most interesting and invery much enjoyed. structive confidences we have ever held. Sister Eva James favored us with a A peaceful influence characterized the solo. meetings, and all who attended felt amply Elder Milando Pratt said that the words for repaid coming. of the prophets were being fulfilled and felt Elizabeth Layton, Pres., that this society was performing a grand and Cor. Sec. Josephine Kimball, noble work. Elder C. W. Symons knew that we were organized by inspiration, also knew that the MORGAN STAKE. Lord was with us and would...bless us. The Morgan Stake conference wras held Sister Sarah J. Cannon said, let us per December 11, 1909, in the vestry of the form our work in the right way, and .ever meeting house; it convened at 10 o'clock be ready to do our duty. a. m. There were in attendance the President Musser made a few closing re General Board Sisters Susan Grant and marks, and after the closing exercises, con S. Wilcox. President Daniel Heiner ference adjourned for six months. and several other leading brethren were in Lizzie Robbins, bee. attendance. Reports were given of the Relief Society work in the Stake by several presidents. They, reported the work about SNOWFLAKE STAKE. a"' usual. There are some active members hut there are many who are not taking any Relief Society conference convened at part, making our attendance smaller than Snowflake, November 12, 1009. . U should be. President- - Mary J. R. W esK presided. The: e were some encouraging remarks from the sisters of the General Tavlor Relief Society conducted the singing. Board.' After singing and benediction meet-- , OnenpH with singing, "O ye Mountains mg adjourned till 2 p. m. High" Prayer was offered by President. At 2 p. m. the conference assembled iu Nina Porter, of St, Joseph, bingmg, Zion the? main building with a fairly good attend- stands with hills surrounded." ance. President West made opening remarks. After singing,--prayand service a talk w?s given jby Malissie Welcomed all present and expressed great Heiner,-subjec- tt 4iJudge Not' Some fine nlpflRiVrfi in having Sisters Beattie and "ideas were James, of the General Board with us today. . given. Sister Susan Grant is one of the few who Gave a favorable report of Relief Society It was her be was associated with the Prophet Joseph Trnrlr f hrmiffhout the stake. ith. She bore a strong testimony to tthe lief that no better band of sisters were in" : the Church than live in our stake. ivmity of. his mission. Sister Wilcox refeired to the beauties in A duet was rendered by Annie H. Kartch- Semi-annua- l - . - s m 1'- -. Mm " er sacra-ment- al . m Sister Miunie James spoke on the subject of inspiration, the poor, our duty, the power of" prayer, the early days, etc. Said she had desired for many years lo come to Arizona, and greatly rejoiced in the vifit. Jennie and ThaliaKartchner then gave guitar mueic. Counselor Emma S. Smith reported the ' visits of the Stwk'e Board and the condition of the. different Relief Society organizations. The Board prepares outlines on Theological, Mothers' Work and Literary Lesions, which are given at three of the meetings each month. She reported what we are doing in the nurses course. Ruth Shumwj,y and Elizabeth Bates sang the duet, "The Sinking Ship." President Ada Owens, of Show Low, gave an original poem. Choir sang "Love at Home." Prayer, May H. Larson. Reassembled at 2 p. m. President West in charge. Singing, Prayer. Bishop Hunt. Sister Beatie spoke of the advantages of the nurses class. Sister James said flie was pleased with the music and singing, and complimented the young girls on being so willing to help. She said the Prophet was a great advocate of. testimony bearing, and was glad to find 'that we hold our testimonymeetings month-ly- . She spoEe also on tithing and the . ' f sojeiety work. Miss Bates ' Girl " of Taylor sang "Dear Old The General and Stake Boards of the Relief Society were presented and sustained by vote. By request Miss Shumway and Miss Bates repeated their duet. A sketch of the Relief Society was read by Sister Adehude S Fish. A musical duet was rendered by Presi- Shumway. Our Relief Society Stake missionary, Elder W. W. Willes. said he had taken great joy in laboring among the sisters. Counselor Belle II. Flake spoke a few words in appreciation of the visit of our sisters from the General Board, and the goon lime we nao tnjoyeu logeuier tuuay. Miss Ellen Adair gave a solo. President Samuel F. Smith spoke a few encouraging words to the sisters. Bishop John Hunt urged the sisters to to pay tithing and encourage their husbands ' perform all duties. President West said there was unity and. good feeling in the Stake Board. Bore tes- mony to the blessings following the payment Sisters Beatie and James said a few ; words, delivering the message of love and Bathsheba W. Smith and Sister Emmeline , Singing, "God be be with us till we meet again. B. Mis. 