WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 14 xr fender fall of nations- Themain reliance of France. great pleasure in meeting them, - i3 its fertile fields and gardens pr&ducing agricultural wealth. It has been calculated that the vineyards. of France are more" than equivalent to the gold and silver mines of America. The food problem is fast becoming a serious question, and it is not only essential to . uur people 10 siore wneai, oui to leacn me children of today the "dignity" of; farming of tilling the soil, and beginning with gardening on a small 6cale when they are very - J9 young. These are nrerely suggestions, and we do most earnestly entreat our sisters in the Relief Society to persevere in their efforts to grain, and take precious good care of the little we can collect and add to it as much as possible while the haryests are plentiful, and urge the youth of Zion to maintain the possessions of our people in the land of Zion, for the homes of the people are 'the intrinsic wealth of the land. i i THE STORY OF MORMOMSfl." Our people should not think that the facts and incidents relating to the rise and spread and growth of Mormonism have been' ex- hausted as yet in what has been published. We have many writers who have put matter in concrete form, tracts, pamphlets and books on this inexhaustible subject, but all has not been told and there is room for many more authors and writers to give from their point of view, stories, poems, and profound histories and short sketches, in fact Mormonism so called is rich in higher themes thin the ordinary student of the subject is apt to imagine. The new book recently issued by Dr. James E. Talmage will appeal to a class of people outside of the Church, in a telling manner, its simplicity of style, its richness of language, its depth of religious sentiment, the graphic manner of interesting the reader make it altogether a charming narrative for a pocket companion on a journey 6r for relaxation by the, fireside at home. It is one of the books that will be read, and let us hope studied. Perhaps there is in other body of religious people that require such a variety of books and of all kinds of entertainment (and we might add amusement if we had the courage to fay it) as. the Mormons. At any rate we commend this book by Prof. Talmage to our youth and to our people . generally and to the outside world. We would like to see it printed in other languages and sent abroad. From our literature, and we standpoint it is high-clas- s are very glad that a busy professional man . like DrrTalmage has contributed this little book to the libraries of the people. GENERAL RELIEF SOCIETY CONFERENCE. v The conference of the General Relief So- -' ciety was heldjn the Salt Lake Assembly Hall in this City: April! and 2, 1910, commencing Friday, April 1, at 2 p. m President Bathsfteba W. Smith presiding. There was a large gathering of members and a few brethren present. Conference opened with congregational singing, Sister L. T. Edward musical director, leading; Sister Edna Coray accompanist "Guide us 0, thou great Jehovah." ' Prayer, Sister Emma S. Woodruff singing, "Though deep'ning TiafWoVioVin W. Smith's rtriala" D.oaijflTa -'Greeting" welcomed ihe audience in a few . -- -- and-woul- cedent d Use to take them all in her arms and hie..them, every one; she rejoiced, to ?ee ho many present, realized the good work they were do-- . ing and hoped they would have a good time while attending the conference The response was made by Sister Margaret Romney, president of Ensign Stake Relief Society, who was very much 'pleased to respond, she always tried to do the best she could, felt highly grateful to be present and to meet our "beloved' President Rathsheba W.Smith, felt to bless the name, of our Prophet who organized this great work, and prayed that every gift of health and joy, and every good thing she desired be given unto our dear President, and her life prolonged as long as she desired. Amen. Duet, "I will magnify thee, O God," Li zie Thomas 'Edward and Thomas E, A? it i - ; i statement-aho- u flt of th ftntimvtnl nleiDsnrc sli in General "Hoard of the Relief Society in prayers, ' and aH our good sisters. her 1 ' Master Bryan Jenson sane with much feel- - J oseph Smith's First Praven' Sister Alice Merrill Home Address. ' ing, Anniversaries, The Eightieth and the Sixty-ei- ghth. ' think never stood before the Saints of God without feeling that I had the faith of the audience, but todav I feel that I must' especially ask the sisters, for their faith, for I realize what a stupendous subject I have, and many eloquent speakers have spoken upon this subject before, however, I want to say that I have felt strengthened by 1 the beautiful singing of this, little boy. shall not attempt to deal largely with this subject, the organization of the Church, and the organization of the Relief Society, but only to express a few thoughts that came to me this morning. There is certainly nothing more sacred to us today than the life of Christ, given in the New Testament for a pattern for our daily lives,, but iu order to fulfil the prophec of it, it was necessary for Joseph Smith to come. There had been a great falling away, and the world was in utThe earth was waiting for a ter darkness. change. Sister Dusenberry has spoken beautifully of old age, and I would speak to you of It seems to me that God has spokyouthI am. reen to the earth through youth. minded of now God came to Samuel and spoke through him, then when the Lord called Jesse to bring his sens before Him, he refused the, older. ones, but selected David the younger whd was tending the herds in the field, and David was the only man in all Israel to go against the Philistines. Where in all the earth would greater faith be found than in this child. And so when the Gospel was to be restored, it is not surprising that He brought it through a youth. 'The forests were God's first temples," so the poet says, and Joseph sought the Lord in a forest, and there he prayed and rrayed, and behold a light came o'er him and he 6aw the Father and th Son and he heard the voice of the Lord. He knew that if he told this, people would doubt him, but his people believed him, ancUknew that he spake the truth. Three years later when Moroni came he was more ready for him, and to receive the special messages thai came to him, and finally when the Book of Mormon was completed he was then twenty-fou- r years old. The Melchizedek priesthood had been given and everything was ready for the organization of the Church. To all of us there is nothing more beautiful than the organization of this great faith into a Church, Joseph Smith had the broadest comprerfension and understanding of woman and when he organized the' Relief Society he fully appreciated the necessity and opportunity of women joining with the priesthood, and he said he would make of them high I know there are many things priestesses. I naeant to speak of that the Prophet taught the Relief Society, one thing was to provide work for the able bodied. While it is beau tiful to take care of the needy and infirm it is also necessary to provide means of sustain ing life. I also think we ought to look after,;;; the orphan or in some way as a committee, we ought never to.be satisfied until there is no more grief and no more sorrow, perhaps until Christ shall come again upon the I I and-prayer- s worth. Counselor Ida Smoot Dusenberry said: "We should always have gratitude in our hearts for the beautiful music, and I think whenever I hear Sister Smith bear her test imony of the truth, how blest we are only to think she is the only woman who was present at that great organization of this society." The speaker referred to the lesson she had given recently, in teaching her class in the college about the Prophet, and the picture of the Father and Son appearing to the Prophet had never come before her as at that time; told how she had wished for a vision when she stood on Angel Point in the Grand Canyon of Colorado; referred to her mother taking her out at night to see the stars and moon, and saying to her when she inquired why she did o, explaining they were the only things in all the world her mother could see the same time as she looked upon them. Sister D'usenberry related a dream she had that had taught her a beautiful lesson; then she referred to some of the greatest poets, alluded to Dante's tragedy'and Milton's the greatest epic poem, and it had been written late in life, thought many great things were accomplished late in the evening of life. Michael Angelo painted and designed some of his greatest works late in life, and what could be more beautiful and grand than going on and on and on, to the great eternity. The most beautiful example was the life of our late President Winder. Many beautiful things are. done even after eighty and sometimes ninety; the mother, after she has reared the family and the wrinkles have come and the silver hair, she still goes on with loving service for those she loves; we- all have obstacles to overcome and prayer will sometime be. answered, it will come eventually. She read a little poem for trying hours, and said', there isn't much room in the world for older people; one often hears this saying, and then I think, oh, we and every man and every woman whose hair has become grey, .we need their experience, we need their example arid their counsel. She had once seen a grandfather playing a game with his two little grandsons, and she thought how beautiful. for the old man to be young like that.-- The most beautiful tbiags have been written, the most the votifnr things have been painted when closed heartaiQender.' Sister Dusenberry wv w by reaaing uue ui you Amen. poems, and said "God blessBlackfoot Makes Big Horn, Emery, and President Juliette were called to report. Blackburn of Blackfoot Stake reported that newit was a new Stake, and the Board were united in their work, earth. ly appointed but were . Par-adiseLo- st, - , 1 ; - - . 