WCtt AN S EX VOk EKT. 1 fined, cultured, spiritual in .temperament. eiie. 1 frer wifiaeq an miiuence; lor the uplifting. the b' moral strength of her home. As wife and mother and untiring in her labor's Vhe was oMove and devotion. In the communities which were fortunate in self-eacrifici- ... ng r.i r OBITUARY. L College, Mkj LjezAIIlholland of New York, Dr. Martin of Stafford University, and Alice by May . Died at Cannonville, Utah, July 0, 1910, Mrs. Lydia Ann Johnson, beloved wife of Seth Johnson Sr. She was the daughter of the late Thomas P. Smith, and his wife Mary Aagurd,, and was born Feb. 47; 4847,-- iit -- Worcester, England, came to THE WOMEN'S CHAKTEK IN .HOLLAND. The Dutch Women's Suffrage Association has prepared a comprehensive statement of the lawsswhich place women at a disadvantage, -- socially, legally, morally, and has formulated a demand for the vote. Advantage was taken of the Queen's annual visit to the capital to pray for an audience. A deputation was graciously received by her majesty. A petition similar to that presented to the Queen was sent to the second chamber and the principal newspapers. Ttah in the early fifties with her parents. Her mother died when she was eight years old. She was married to Seth Johnson Nov.. 11, 1801, and was the mother of fourteen children, thirteen of whom survive her, seven sons and six daughters. Her love for her family kriew no bounds and selfishness had no place in her heart. She was president of ward Relief Society for 20 years and in that labor won the greatest love from her associates. She was a nurse among the sick for years and acted as teacher in Sunday School and president of Primary Association, and was. faithful in all her labors. Johnson, Sr. THE BRUSSELS CONGRESS. Miss Martina G. Kramers, editor of OBITUARY. Jus represented the International In memory of Jennie Dixon Hickman, of Hinck- - Woman Suffrage Alliance at the World's y, Utah, who was called home May 23, 1910. Congress of International Associations held Sieter Hickman was Feb- born Utah, inPayson. 1910. and 11, at Brussells on May 9, 10, t i o -- n one .I i PL. was ine ru ur oi iou. i. . ot oniv it, John H, Dixon of aaugnterShe w03?lIrinS the actional meetings, Miss Kram- an d Mrs. Payson. married to F. Leslie Hickman in the Salt Lak era got a woman placed on one of the sec Temple, June 19, 1906. tional boards, and called attention to the Since her marriage she has lived in Hinckle and self- and has won the love and admiration nf th pni rights of mothers, married women, tire community, She was in every respect an supporting women as a topic for discussion in societies working for international jurislueai woman so pure, so gentle and kind, so tal entea ana cultured she was always on hand to prudence. A resolution was drafted. Suifragii, I 1 perform any task assigned to her. In her faith ful work as a member and teacher in the Hinck ley Relief Society, she was never found wanting She leaves a husband and two little children, also a multitude of friends to rnourn her loss The officers of the Hinckley Relief Society offer me loilowmg Emily Hill. P. S. The bill, after a striking debate, passed the second reading by a majority of 109 on July 12. It was then referred to a committee of the whole house by a majority of 145. RESOLUTIONS OF RESPECT. Whereas, after a painful illness, our beloved sister, Jennie Dixon Hickman, has been called to trie "other side", be it resolved that we, the Sis ters of the Hinckley Relief Society do sincerly sym pamize witn tne family, ana we mourn for one who was one of earth's choicest spirits a model for us all. Resolved that in her death we recognize and feel keenly the loss of a true saint and faithful worker, aud we are proud to have had her associati on and example and we. are sure that she will receive the crown of one of the noblest daughters of Zion. Farewell, dear, but not forever-Th- ere will be a jlorious dawn; We shall meet to part, no, never! On the resurrection morn. griel-stncke- n English Woman's Review, London. A GREAT DEMONSTRATION. The greatest demonstration of suffragists in the history of the world was made in LonHalf a don on the afternoon of July 23. million women marched in a street parade, cheering and' waving flags, to the historic place in Hyde Park, to protest against the action of the government in shelving the Shackleton bill granting the ballot to women. , 'Tho thy darling form lies sleeping Mn. M. Drummond, on horseback, com In the cold and silent tomb, I he women manded the procession. Thou shalt have a glorious waking When- the blessed Lord doth come. tramped to the music of x forty bands. A Resolved that the resolutions be placed on the feature of the procession as a body of 617 record of the Relief Society and a copy be sent to women who had suffered imprisonment for me Dereavea lamiiy. the sake of suffrage, ' Phoebe Hale Mecham,-Pres- . The Rev. Dr. Anna Shaw of New. York . Catherine A, Allred, Sec. commanded a group of Americana who marched under the Stars and Stripes. This UNIVERSAL MUNICIPAL SUFFRAGE FOR group naa tne piace oi uuuur amuug mu 1 WOMEN IN NORWAY. foreign delegations. Among the American On June 7th the King of Norway gave women in the parade were Miss Dorre of the royal assent to the bill for con- Ch?cago. Mary Fisk of Detroit, Mrs. Chapin ferring universal municipal suffrage on and her daughter Elsie of Boston, Mabel women. The bill was sent up from Willard' of Boston, Miss Hart of Wellesley L - . if N.,1 . Julia P.M. Faknswokth. S. that lu it uie i . chamber vMeisimgrupftM on 27th ?B K ...... . iweirty.four votes to seven. The Liberal Minister, M. Arctander, had advised the King to use his veto against .the bill, and as his advice was not taken by the sovereign, and not approved by hirsol leagues in the government, M. ArctanUer-resigned"He is, perhaps," says a writer from Christiania, m Jus Suffrayii,- - "the first member .of a king's cabinet to resign his oflicc because he was against victorious woman suffrage,. "The event is the more important because' M. Arctander is one of our best known and ablest statesmen, and today his career has probably ended for ever.'' The writer, who is a man. adds: "The fall of Arctander is the most striking example of the power that the women's claim for justice has won in the minds of Norwegian men." claiming her as a citizen, all have felt herkindly help and generous aid in their time of sorrow or' nrceesity. Firm in her religious convictions, she inner wavered in her trust in God. We will all miss her magnetic presence, her honorable, upright character, her gentle womanliness, the grace and loveliness of her life, but to lier husband, her children, her immediate family .May God's associates, her loss is irreparable. mercy,. His love, His care, guidance and protection be over and with them all the time, is my faithful, my earnest prayer. August lvl910. itn i 15 " Davis, of "New" York, - Four American women carried blue banners inscribed 'Women Vote in Utah, Colorado, Wyoming and Idaho." Dr. Martin,, the Rev. Anna .Shaw and Miss 'Hart of It Wellesley wore their academic ' robes. had hcen announced that .Mrs' U. II. r. Belmont would march side by.side with the Rev. Anna Shaw,' hut she was detained in Parisand was unable to join in the demonstration, A band of Irish women pipers played incessantly, and the weird strains of their instruments at times rose up and deadened the tumult of shouts and screams. A squadron of Irish women attired in green dresses followed the "pipers. There we:e drum corps and fife corps made up of women. There was alsb a regiment of suffragist cavalry which brought up the rear guard. Boston Woman's Journal. - , - w VISIT ABROAD. The visit of President Joseph F. Smith and Presiding Bishop C. W. Nibley and party to Europe has been fraught with great interest to the Saints in foreign lands. The greatest conference perhaps ever held outside of the United Stutes was the one convened in the Netherlands at Rotterdam, Holland, July'24th, 1910, at which President Joseph F. Smith and Bishop C. W. Nibley were present, also President Rudger uiawson, and addressed me large congreThe newspaper accounts given gation. speak in the highest terms of praise of the discourses delivered and the spirit of the gatherings; one hundred and fifty. Elders and it is estimated that there were fifteen hundred persons in all at the Sunday evening meeting. It would seem that a very great work is being done in that land. In Scandinavia the work has always made great progress and many honest souls have been converted and come to America for the Gospel's sake. President Smith and party visited the large cities in Sweden, Norway and Denmark, and word received from President Andrew Jenson gives glowing accounts of the reception of the party in those countries and the joyfpl gatherings, meetings and honors accorded to the visitors. From the northern countries of Europe President Smith and party will likely visit Germany and some of the larger towns. and cities in the German Empire, and surely will see Paris before returning; whether they will be able to go to Switzerland and all the British Isles is doubtful. The ocean voyage and journey . will, it is ardently hoped, be beneficial to the President's health, and hisvisit abroad has certainly afforded him the satisfaction of giving pleasure to the. Saints who love him, and it may be there are some of the older people who would never have been able to come to Zion, who will have enjoyed the gratification of meeting and greeting the Prophet, Seer and Revejator of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter daiy Saints. were-presen- t, , . That the Lord will bless him while absent and bring him home to Utah in good health and in peace and safety, having accomwork what he de-- , plished for the latter-da- y sired to do is the earnest wish of all those who are interested in the welfare of Zion. E. B. W. . - -- 