WOMAN'S EXPONhNi. wi fcmil V i . her birthday" celebration: alwhich is chair white "In her exquisite days ways her throne on and Editor Publir U. WELLS, EMMEL1XE she eat and welcomed friend and neighbors Editor. Assistant SOX. CAS WELLS AXME with all her characteristic grace and charm. On the table just back of her in the L'tah. Term: I'ublisbnl monthly io Salt Lako City, were many beauof the dining-roowix month. 50 ct. J.OtJT on f miip ropy year, cjy dHiv.-mtiful flowers including ninety fine white roses by No rHuctiou mal. for Hub. City with one large American Beauty in the cenmail, extra far postage one year, 2j el, j f AlvertfiinK raten: Karh Hqnare, tea liife ter for the ninety-onyear3. A liberal pnct one time f2..'0; er month, f t.0). stood another large mantle "Upon.-thiliM'ouiit to regular advertisers. bouquet with a letter reading: 'To Our Grand KxroNET0fllce roorus'JH and 2'.. 2nd H"r Hisliop'a be liuihling, 40 North Main Street, Business hours from Lady; May the love these roses represent 10 a. m. to 5 p. m., every day, except Sunday. with you every step on your life's journey is v AddresH all business rommunicHtions to the loving wish of jour friends the Greeks Mrs. K. U. WKLLS, Salt Lake City, I r.n. of Boston." On May 25th, two days earlier, Mrs. Howe hntrrrd at thr Pont Office in Suit L'ike City. I ah was guest of honor at a breakfast given at Hotel Somerset, Boston, by the New Engus teeoml tit st tnatttr. land Woman's Club of which1 she Is PresiJlAY,' 1910. dent. Mra. May Alden Ward presided, and Salt Lakk City, I'taii. about 300 persons were seated at the tables A CELEBRATED PEOPLE. including many dignitaries. Mrs. ard introduced Mrs. Howe ''as the unique memof this present ber of the association honored here and Among the great events is likely to mark the most through'all the world." When the applause year, the one that important changes is the death of King Ed- ceased Mrs. Howe responded: ward VII. of Great Britain and Ireland and "We are living in an age olf greatest protook of India, which, Kmperorplace May gress. If I had had any idea of what would London. in the Oth, at palace be accomplished in my lifetime, I should His demise was unexpected until within have been much surprised, especially by the the last few hours, and it would seem the progress among women. King must have realized that his death was and had "In my youth we were shut-in- s is he have uttered for to imminent, reported no business outside the home. I had a these decisive words: "Well, it is all over rather wider bringing up than other women hut I. think I have done my duty.'' and refused to be content with that order of The prevailing opinion seems to be that I things. d he was a very many and as rNow things are very different, and the serious matters were just pending in Parliawhole world belongs to us. I' feel, more on ment and the Cabinet, there will be some that'account than for any other reason, that anxiety on the part of those directly inter- we must be up and doing, and live in the ested, what the outcome will be; probably today and the future. a postponement for an indefinite time. "This progress is good. I .know that George Frederick Ernest Albert, son of Edward VII, was publicly proclaimed king good brings better, and better brings better What the best is to he I don't know, of the United Kingdoms of Great Britain and still . Ireland and the British dominions beyond but we have hopes." the seas, defender of the faith and Emperor of India from the friary court balcony of St. James palace, London, with all the SUSAN H. WELLS. elaborate ceremony of medieval times. He chose the title George V. His father's d(ath On May 3rd, 1830, soon after the organoccurred May 6th, 1910, and the proclama ization of the Church, the woman whose tion of the now reigning king took place name we inscribe here was bom in Lynn, May 9th. Whatever speculation there may Mass., of good Yankee parentage. May be concerning the new ruler his future career 3rd, herbirthday, was celebrated by her immust determine. mediate family and some few invited guests, at aluncheon given by her only daughter, Mn. Julia Ward Howe, whose name and Annette Wells .Culmer at the residence of fame are world-wid- e and who is conceded to Mr. and Mrs. H. L. A. Culmer, daughter be the most eminent living woman at the and The floral decorations were present time, passed her ninety-firs- t year Her birthday was elabor- superb. May 27th, 1910. Mr. Culmer is an artist well known for .surcelebrated in at her home Boston, ately his many views of Utah mountain and lake rounded by her children and grandchildren, in which he excels, and the Culmer Mowers scenery and friends. home is ideallv artistic, but 'tis of the birthof fragrance in great abundancesent by day of "Aunt Susan." as she is called, we people representing many and aried con wish to tell. ditions of life were received. At her own home the beautiful morning Mrs. Howe has been President of the New of there May 3rd, came a of troop children, England Woman Suffrage Association for her own little ones; and grandchildren greatforty years; she is. also and has been the grandchildren to her with greet, of President the Association for the Advancerespect, kisses ment of Women, and was its founder for above and flowers jand precious gifts, but all with tender love. The lunch at more than thirty years, and occupies many Mrs.Culmer's was of the most delicious other important positions. She has traveled and delicately-serveby the charmextensively, and .lecturea on a variety of sub- variety of the girls family. jects at home and in foreign lands. Her ingSister Susan Wells herself wore a black poems and books are widely known; her silk dress with real lace collar and trimBattle Hymn of the Republic would have made her famous if she had never written mings and looked not more than fifty years of age. another. Sister Bathsheba W. Smith was one of Woman ExjpShent Ylie the guests at the 4unen;ifcey- nave' been lor the greater part of friends, and neighbors ' il l .!. iL .i ocdir on tneir lives, anu as uieir uirmuays the tame day, the celebration never seems complete unless they come together during the day to exchange greetings. These gatherings in large families mark the along life's highway and call up memories that are especially delightful to remember. Since the last birthday of Sister Susan Wells one of the family, and of the household hascrossed over to the other side, and is sorely "missed in social and family gatherings as well' as in the household "where she It was for many years the central figure. was better to have the birthday festivities at the daughter's home, for one must not indulge in excessive grief, it is not fjood for the body or soul; to be cheerful and wear a glad countenance is much better for us all than to indulge in sadness. Sister Susan Wells has a fine family and many blessings, beautiful grandchildren and ta rise up and call her blessed, and she has been faithful and true in all the walks of life. We congratulate her on her four score years, and pray she may live as long as life is desirable. - ' theae-anniversa- 1 ry bay-windo- mile-stone- s w m "- - l non-jaH- .1 e " great-grandchildr- en - GRADUATING EXERCISES OF RELIEF SOCIETY NURSE CLASS. On Thursday evening, May 11), the Belief Society rooms in the Bishop's Building pre- sented a scene both beautiful and interesting. It was the occasion of the graduating exercises of the Relief Society Nurse CWss. The rooms were bright with beautiful flowers and the graduates looked especially pretty in their white uniforms: a narrow band of blue around the bib distinguishes the Relief Nurses from others. There were broad-minde- son-in-la- great-grandchildr- graduated in the nurse work and twenty in obstetrics, the latter, twenty-fiv- e Dr. Roberts private class. The spacious rooms were full of the friends of the young women, and besides there were present en d ' many prominent physicians and leading citizens. .Refreshments were served in one of the side rooms during tht evening. At the front of the room facing the graduates and company sat the venerable president of the Reltef Society, Bathsheba W. Smith, the secretary, Emmeline B. Wells, the treasurer, Clarissa S. Williams and other members of the General Board, with the speakers of the evening, Pres. John Henry Smith and Sister Annie W. Cannon. 'While Mrs. Pheobe Y. Beatie, Dr. Margaret Roba erts, Mrs. Emma A. Empey and Mrs. Riter were busy receiving and making were The people comfortable. under the able charge of General Treasurer Clarissa S. Williams and opened by the company singing the hymn, "Our Mountain Home, so Dear!" led by Mr. Melvin Peterson. Prayer was offered by Dr. E. S. Wright after which Miss Irene Kelly sang a soprano solo. President Bathsheba" "Fl. Smith tnoke briefly to the young women graduates, ad-- . monisning tnem to good deeds and praying for God's blessings tc be gLyen unto them in their work.. After more music President John Henry Smith addressed the class and "the'res- company- .- He spoke to thel?irls6f o ponsibility of their work and urged upon them caution, faith and care; he spoke most eloquently of the blessing, sacredness and glory of motherhood, such words of counsel and advice as to,inspire- the hearts of his listeners and fill them with determination to make truth and honor paramount in their Pris-cill- w. - girls j 