.a' WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1 "v. made. and the greatness xnereux mmci eons of heavens, shall be. given unto the kinderSyBteras of ecliool from the and national garten rp to the pplendid state schools and unirerditiea and the technical decolleges for training the youth in every partment of aft and science, and all the professions have grown to such perfection that, taken together with the museum and iibrarifM and occasional exhibitions, it. is now possible to receive instruction with upon any subject that the mind ha.s any conception of; and trained and skillful workmen to lead the unskilled are supplied for every field of human endeavor. In literature it is only necessary to mention a few names to indicate the superlative place it has attained and to challenge comparison with any other age of letters. Among English-speakinpeoples there was Scott and Byron, Thackeray, George Eliot, June Austen. Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Felicia Hemans. Dinah Muloch Craik, Disraeli, Dickens. A''lkie Collins. George Sands. Lord Tennyson, William Black, Kipling, Marie Corelli, William Watson, Dobson, Stevenson, Barrie and Gilbert Parker. And in America Thoreau, Wordsworth, Cooper, Longfellow, Lowell, Holmes, Whittier, Margaret Fuller, Bancroft. Hawthorne, Harriet Beecher Stowe. Louisa Alcott, Bryant, Motley, Emerson, Greeley, Dana, Curtis, Elizibeth Stuart Phelps, Stedman, Howells, Bret Harte, Mark Twain, Eugene Field, Whitman, Julia Ward Howe and the endless lift of clever story tellers. The making of books and magazines and newspapers of quality and in quantities never dreamed of marks the century just past as more than all that had gone before God forever. . ADDRESS TO RELIEF SOCIETY NURSE SCHOOL. GRADUATES. ' ' Mrs. Cannon opened hex remarks by re- be- citing the amusing and unique dialogue Mala-pro- p tween Sir Anthony Absolute and Mrs. from Richard Brinsley Sheridan's clever comedy The Rivals, concerning what a woman ought to know, afterwards stating that Mrs. Malaprop's description logically considered, was just- 'about what a woman was allowed to know something like half a century since. Continuing, she further, said; Tis true that a little over fifty jears ago the idea prevailed that education for girls, except to a limited extent, of a superficial character, was a waste of time and mor.ey, true there are along the centuries individual cases where women broke the thrall of darkest ignorance and cast a lustrous light along the ages The fair Diotima was the teacher of Socrates, and Hypatia expounded the mysteries of the philosophy to the young Greeks, and many learned women held positions and chairs in the universities of southern Europe. Later, Madam de Stael, George Sand, George Eliot and Harriet Martineau. Coming to our own beloved land we have Margaret Fuller Ossia and Lydia Maria Child. Oh yes there are legions of names of women of high intellectual culture; famous in history put together. In science the discoveries and inventions for some individual act or influence or of electricity and the power of steam and friendship, but they did nothing for the gas have multiplied the productivity of masses. Royal princesses received education behuman labor a thousand fold, and made possible transportation by land and water cause of the high position they were destined to occupy, and the greatest advancement in nnrl thp air s nf nil thinas: and r.nmmnni. cation quick, accurate, instantaneous of all the nations has been under the rule of wothought between peoples and nations. Think men. Notwithstanding these things equal of the wireless telegraphy, the electric light, education for the sexes among the masses the telephone, the airship, the automobile, has had a hard struggleand even today, What though there have been manyvictories, the photography, and marvels they are: and yet they were unknown battle is not yet won. Among the first great institutions to reupon the earth when the Lord spoke to Joseph the Prophet, as were the steam engine ceive women were the medical colleges, and and the power printing-press- . today all over the land we have women In religion, the influence of the truth, teachers, lawyers, editors, artists, and praise though not recognized by the sectarian the Lord, women doctors. The thinkers of today tell us of vibrateachers, has broken down creeds, and set the people adrift in a world of unbelief. For tions of thought that pass along the earth, faith there has come tolerance among them, but we know that it is only the inspired for dogma, doubt, for bigotry, the higher ones who feel them, and it is a pleasing criticism all these are slippery stones on thought to me that the divine message to which the religionists of the day are crossing our Prophet that inspired him to begin this The Relief Society for women the stream of life, nit knowing where tbey work are going, nor why they are here. his through power, was sent vibrating along the ways and loosened the bondage and , opened the portals just as other beaatiful finale. truths of the Gospel have been sent forth, In the midst of it all the work of the and the world's philosophers and teachers Lord goes on apace, keeping abreast with have received them and promulgated them the first in every .good word and work. No for the good of humanity. invention for the welfare of men, lo truth You may ask what was the "need of this for their instruction, no benevolence, no What the reason? Great organization. charity, no refinement, no culture, no virtue changes, great movements such s this are known, among them, that is not cherished not brought about unless conditions demand and approved among us. them and conditions demanded the emanci- uver an mat the world has however, and patron of women for assistance" beyond all price, we have the authority to of her efforts and labors, among the' human teach salvation, the ordinances to save, the race. We are destined to lead power to ble3. this the race of men, and ur children to behold theThrough the organized effort the sick "and. aged and the orphan have the triumph of truth over error, the reign been needy, cared for outside of alms houses and" of righteousness and- the glory of the Lord asylums, and as our efforts become more ruling upon the earth, when the kingdom united and our dreams are realized, the photo-printin- - c g. . : the-broa- der -- - - . commumtw-ner- . e it. midst. CI YEN BY ANNIK WELLS CANNON Neo-Plato-ni- - :. , , we laDor win oe the For by edu- great examples for the world. . .. -t i:. i ,i eating tne peopie in mu uc wajo uj lViIig, by training mankind to better fceepth"e commandments of God in regard to the carp of the human body and the mortal soul that for a time is in hi own keeping, we, may eliminate disease and suffering from our .vr There are two professions that so far as I know have never been denied to women no matter how dense the understanding nor how ignorant the intellect, and yet the two that in my opinion should demand the -highest intellectual traiuing possible It is alon the-- e motherhood and nursing. lines-owork that the Relief Society have Countless Feed mny years been teaching. of thought and tireless hours of labor have the mothers of this organization bequeathed to the people. There are no public record?! f no statements of the thousands of" kindnesses and comforts performed by the.--p good women, only in the Lamb's book of life is the story told. It has been a popular belief that nature meant all women to be mothers and nurses. Perhaps nature did just as she intended all rose bushes to bear roses, but compare the wayside straggling hush with its little, fragrant flower that wilt and falls to pieces as soon as it is plucked? to the beautiful bush of the garden cultivated and pruned and watered by the careful gardener, and behold the unfolding leaf by leaf of a hardy flower of richest color, shape and perfume, just so the intelligent mother and nurse is a better teacher and care taker. Just as I think every nurse should hope to be a mother go I think everv mother should prepare to be a nurse, and the more intelligent one is, the better qualified is she for those important duties. When the girls of our great hospital received their certificates saying that their training was sufficient and now they could go out into the cities and the homes of the people, pursue the work they had been so admirably and thoroughly taught in that splendidly equipped institution, I thought of you, our Relief Society nurses, who like them in a way are about to start among the people, not like them however with a finished course behind you and a perfect freedom to carve out for jourselves your way, because your contract holds you yet to a duty to pprform, in the performance of which you will gather knowledge and experience beyond any anticipation you could possibly hold. You will not be with the hospital graduates, for they demand a price commensurate with the training so hardly earned, while you having only as it were finished the first grade under your able instructor, go forth now under a new supervisor to learn and to do in the ways of Your earnings will not Jbe a fair charity. measure of your trajning, nor will they profit you much only as you earn the reward of the true and conscientious woman, who forgetting self helps to build up others. And yet your wort is more necessary and your calling most Wrorable. You will have the -- happiness of laboring in a purely disinterested spirit, and, so, be able to do for love what money couldneithe procure nor reward. Do not ever think your education in this regard is finished, but m your ministrations take advantage of every opportunity to J earn and study, this beautiful science of nursing, just as a man might study that which he truly and ardently wishes to understand. The homes where co-tempor- 