WOM 1 The Ballot in the' hands of the Women CONTENTS. Julia P. lAiK M. Farnsworth 1 I'hiloinela'Smith Lake...S. T. Brimhall Foley Address to the Helief Society,. .Romania B. Penrose ;..,;......... Teptimonv of Sister M. Isabella Home .... (ieneral Kelief Society Conference ..... II. Wells Erameline ; .. The Firf-- Woman Physician Farewell Social for President and Sister Pen- 0 rose Kelief Society Stake Reports: Reorganization 3 In Memoriam Notes and News 8 t ... Liberty, Uintah 8 8 . .... 4 .. Current Events Kditorial Notes A June Wedding Reception at the McCune Mansion.. Afternoon Social Ellis U. Shipp IWtry: The Pioneers.. .. B. Wells Emmelirie . Mother's Our Songs. 4 The Woman's "Exponent 4 r .) f 1 3 THE PIONEERS. sermon, song and story, hear we of the Pioneers; How our sires won lasting glory writ, in blood, in graves, and tears. Kxile- - for the Truths' sake were they, far from, oft in plenty'- peace and home Living t! fop cause most worthy, in the wilderness to roam. - and months they traveled over hilFand barren plain Driving lean and hungry cattle toiling on in hope and pain . far in hushes grass and water Trav'ling midnight to obtain. Alkali and scanty rushes, often all that they would Pavs and weeks gain. They were led by they trod, Western shores inspiration as the dreary plain Where they their destination hoped to worship God Fumolested and protected by the mountain bulwarks grand, When the soil so long neglected, they'd subdued with hardy hand. Yet thesetTays were not all sad ones,, for theje often came. a time their hearts were light and gladsome, fraught with feelings most sublime." For in converse oft they'd gather round the camp fires ruddy glow. Singing songs in faith together, fight of Heavens' smile to know. Hope was bright within their bosoms, they were searching for a land Seen in inspirations Vision, past the deserts burning sand, Where the great dead sea was washing lonely shores with saline spray, 'There the Gospkel everlasting could send forth salvation's ray. ' ' Ellis R. Shipp. ... . JULIA HOSPITALITY. P,..!. FARNSWORTH. My dear sisters bled: I am and friends here assemhappy to be present with you today, and the subject I have to discuss is one I am very fond of and much interested in, for it is broad and far reaching. Mrs. Julia MePair Wright classes hospitality as the queen of social virtues Order and neatness do not necessarily . . a PONEMS V of Utah should It a Power to heifer the Home, the State and the Mition. SALT LAKE CITY, Hospitality...'. 1 J Vol. tf9. Kditorial: V : IT AH, JUNK 1010. come under the title of hospitality; ye4, a home would certainly nut be a very inviting place for entertainment without these two vital condition? in it. Sjstem and cleanliness are indispensable but not wealth or great display. The., dear little housekin her dainty print eeperhome-maker dress with white collar, and nicely arranged hair, looks much better to her family and guests than one arrayed in silks or satin and an elaborate headdress worn at an improper time. The good breeding and right tact of a woman is always exhibited it her own home more plainly than anywhere else, as also the snob or parvenu. Education and culture are gained by environment, travel and study, but purity, gentleness, modesty and refinement of character are often ours by right of inheritance, and fortunate are the children who have been blessed with fathers and mothers of God's noble men and women, who were just, virtuous, honorable, high souled people. For they have given and made the strength the intellectual power as well as the religious and moral development of our country, and who lend to a nation the right kind, the safe and true standard of hospitality. Our Americans since Colonial days and, their first President'.George Washington was host down to the most obscure citizen, have been noted for their, cordiality to foreigners, as well as their own subjects. The generals of the Revolution, were renowned for their great hospitality from the beginning to the close of the seven years war. One instance that of Francis Marion the great South Carolinian, while leading his brave, but half starved and scantily clothed army through the swamps and mountain passes of the south was visited by a young British officer to whom he gave the best entertainment his larder afforded, although it was only roasted potatoes served on pine bark plates, and cold water in rusty tin cups. History tells us this same young English officer gave up his commission on reaching the British headquarters and on meeting Lord General Howe, saying to him, "We can never conquer an army of soldiers and men with commanders like General Francis Marion! Our ambassadors of the diplomatic corps, since the days of Benjamin Franklin, John Marshall, Thomas Jefferson, John Jay, and John Adams have been liberal entertainers abroad, as well as at home. And no country has given the world more courtly, more beautiful types of characters as hostesses, of cultured womanliness than Martha Custis Washington, and the uncrowned queens of America. Abigail Adams and Dolly' Madison, and in our awn day; Julia Dent Grant and Frances Folsom Cleveland. True hospitality is inborn, it comes spontaneous, and is prompted by a desire to othplease, comfort and give " happiness to -- ers. : . . v--:- Our conference visitors should always receive kind, courteous hospitality from us, and on the other hand,be considerate in" our homes and endeavor to conform to vthe rules therein. For sisters, we have many obliga " No. 1. tions, many domestic conditions to meet that you in your country homes know not of Our lives are not one sided, we have It is not only the many phases in them. many conferences, but missionaries, goinc to and from their various fields of labor, temple workers, students attending state and Church schools, friends,.' yes, and strangers going into and coming frcm the city hospitals, persons attending conventions of agriculture, stock raising, mining and manufacturing, with the tourists who Educational and legisfrequent our city. lative assemblies in connection with religious, historical, "patriotic, social and political meetings to attend, all of which directly or indirectly draw on the time, brain power and helpfulness of the city mothers, more or less. Our intercourse with our sisters from every direction, should be harmonious; there should be a perfect understanding as to business methods, and religious principles. Love, respect and right hospitality wiil cement and make stronger our influence. We as Kelief Society workers can fully testify to the correctness of this. Now there are different grades of hospitality, but the one we most admire is that which ema nates from genuine goodness ofjieart. This we find when traveling from' northern CariiaT" da to southern Mexico, from western Oregon through Idaho, Utah, Wyoming and Colorado, in fact in every place where a branch of our Helief Society is found, and where we missionaries visit. This often entails much sacrifice and privation on the part of our hostess, our entertainers; yet they are gracious and courteous to us, they have and are the good Samaritans in very deed! for like the pioneer women in all countries they are ready to divide or even give the whole io the "stranger within their , gates." Hospitality goes hand in hand with charit- y,- 'tis ever thoughtful of the needs and desires of others. 'Tis a proverbial saying that the Relief Society iiieachcity is the emporium of hospitable consideration. Our homes are the first gardens in which to cultivate this beautiful flower, for its branches will run over its walls. 'Tis the wives, mothers and daughters who give the air of culture, beauty and suitability to the home, fathers or .brothers usually provide the surroundings, the habitation, but they can never give the 'interior what we find it, without the intuition of woman's ..gentler hand.' .." . : 'Tis not in costly dwelling or magnificent mansion, neither at the table where great display. of variety and luxury abound, where the most perfect hospitality is to be found; instead as we missionaries can tell you, often in remote towns and small villages, Relief sisters have in their Presi-- d either gathered to meet us, ent's or some one of the modest homes, we have found a hearty welcome,; a generous hospitality; far surpassing any. ostentatious reception given by wealth or magnificence. ;We knew we felt their true womanhood, their spirit that sincerity and that Christ-lik'- e God's influence in their homes insures; where the sweet-face- d . " 