 MM- Worn ap;s mponeni EMMELISE JL WELLS, Editor and Publisher AS Sit: WELLS CAS SOS. Assistant Editor. VohUshal iiiontf.lv in Salt Uk- City, L'tah. Term: moutliH, f0 cts. on- - copy 1. or,,: r,j,y one v. ar, f 00; No reduction n.!- for rluns. City pl'rs dehveml by - - ii.mi1, : ),!aK f.vtrH-f,- om-'ymr- Alv'rtM;r rati: hj.aVv oju- - ,licount to n tjiiM- - 2.1 , Kadi Miiar-- rts. ten lines of , 2..1; pT inontli, :.0O. A non-par- liberal pilitr ailvcrtiMTx. rooms 2 an.l L"., Jnl il'- -r BMiop Uvur from Main Street. , JioiiiJ i Suiilay. id., i'V( ry lay, Kxi".NENT.ni.-iJlulMin, 4'J .Wih - 10 in. to .1 k A'lilrcH nil . x-i lU'-incs- to coliiliiuiiif-nti"i- i s Mrs. K. H. WKLLS, Salt Lakk (irv, h'nttrrJ ut iLt I'osl a yrrouil rlttus mult Office in I r.ui. Sail l.akr Citv. t ,uh . .JaMAKY, 1910. Sai.t.Lakk Citv, I'tah. THE PROPHETS . birtmdaV. The anniversary of the birthday of the Prophet Joseph. Dec. 23, (born 180."),) has been more generally observed throughout the Church thid year than ever before. It is certainly a day that the children of Zion should be taught to consider as ushering in the advent of a new era, for although he was a lad fourteen years old when he received his first call from the Lord, yet the time of his birth is nevertheless significant.' He was destined to do a great and, marvelous work, as is.well known by all those who believe him to have been called of God, and certainly the children of the Saints should ue instructed concerning his origin, his birth and his wondrous life and works. Now, when almost all the people who knew the Prophet Joseph Smith have passed away, or are far advanced in years, it is high time that testim mies liould be borne concerning "him. In a few more years all ho could testify of having Feen him parsed over to thw other side, and only history for -- will-hav- e- reference. Therefore it really seems very important that the day of his birth should be honored, for in the observance of it publicly, more facts will be stated and information become 'current among the people. Such wonderful events as those that transpired during the few years after he was ordained to the holy priesthood should be. strongly impressed upon the minds of this people, and especiIt is difficult ally the rising generation. to believe that any man could endure what the Piophet Joseph passed through and maintain the dignity and sublime courage that characterized every act of his life. Even those intimately connected with him marveled at the patience and, magnanimity he manifested towards his enemies and persecutors. - Such an example of fortitude and true charity, forgiveness of wrongs can scarcely be credited. There are no words in our language strong enough to portray the sublimity and excellence of his life under oppression.oppo-sition- , false charges, imprisonment and at the last martyrdom. Verily it may be said of.him, as he himself said "he went as a Lamb to the slaughter." " The monumeh t to h is m emory at h is in birthplaee Sharon, Vermont, and upon which is engraven a record that will last for generations to come serves a .worthy purpose but the rising generation should have a; record in, their hearts'of his nobility of soul and loftiness of purpose, his endowment WOMAN'S EXPONENT. unique in its Bimpiicitnd impreeeiveness, - was from on high and his humility which had like unto that of a littlchild. Her Itjs needle:ip-tell;ourreaperof:C- x two young pebple They are well known and highly esteemed in this community, and sometimes wept when they prayed that ne the hearts of those who love them, parents t ... enemies. might be kept safe from his and friends, go out to them in blessing and prayer for a long and happy life together in the holy bonds of matrimony. PRESIDENT WINDER'S BIRTHDAY There was no show or ostentation connecThe anniversary of the birth of President ted with the marriage, but the best tate John II Winder, which occurred December displayed in eveiy detail. . The bndtl pair Bee Hive House 11, 1900, was fittingly celebrated at his and guests repaired to the home in this city, by bringing, together all direct from the Temple, where a wedding the members of his family, children, grand- feast had been prepartd and tnere was no unchildren and great grandchildren, and those due formality in the arrangement; the gue?ts immediately connected by marriage. Presi- conversed while final touches were given to dents Joseph F. Smith, and wife and the table decorations, and there was a about the whole affair that put Anthon II. Lund and wife, his dearest and closest associates were among the distinevery one at ease. Many fervent congratulations were showered upon the bride and guished guests. It is a rare thing to be well and vigorous groom and a feeling of love and good fellowat eighty-eigh- t years of age, as President ship was manifest. One can truthfully say-i- t was a home wedding, for the welcome Winder is, and to enjoy and appreciate the good things of life, as he certainly does.the given to the guests was genuine and homesociety of dear ones, friends, companions like. and relatives, old and young: such blessings To be sure, there were flowers fragrant are only vouchsafed to a few. It is most and lovely, artistically arranged here and remarkable the amount of actual work he there, one can scarcely imagine a wedding can accomplish, attending to the duties of feast where there are no flowers: that high and holy calling in the Temple, At the- - head of the table, the father of the bride sat in his accustomed place and when ofliciating there daily, counseling, admonishing and directing, and also in much of the feast was ready he pronounced a royal the laborious part of work that devolves blessing on the wholesome viands of which upon those who stand at the head of the the family pnd guests were about to. partemporal and spiritual affairs of the Church; take, and upon the newly wedded couple. and reaching out, as the authorities do in all There was no wine at the feast, and no hot directions, necessarily requires great physi- drinks were served, only the clear, pparkl-in- g cal energy and vigorous and active forceful-ness- , water as a refreshing beverage; after all as well as the qualities of mind and had partakpn freely came the delicious wedheart that must be called into 6trenuous ding cake cut by the bride, and of which exercise, to bring about the, results that are generous slices were passed to all present. apparent to all who are watching the The writer joins with the many friends of progress being made in the Church at the Mr. and Mrs. Peery in wishing them all the " " and present da. happiness possible in their home-life- , It is beautiful to contemplate a life so full only such experiences as are essential to of good works, so rich in usefulness, and all the attainment qMhe greatestjexcellencem those substantial virtues and characteristics family-lif- e and in all that will prepare them that make for the highest and noblest man- for celestial glory and happiness hereafter. A pillar of strength in Israel, a hood. In many respectp the wedding would be for and power righteousness right livfng, an excellent example for the young people and and all the time. daily hourly of the present day to follow. May their future life be full of joy and such happiness as "Age is opportunity no less comes from unity of purpose and mutual Than youth itself, though in another drees And as the evening twilight fades away love. rhe sky is filled with 6tars invisible by day." " -- But happy they, the happiest of their kind! Whom gentle stars unite, and in one fate. Their hearts, their fortunes and their, beings The Exponent offers sincere congratulations and every good word and wish possible to man in his riper years, wisdom and knowledge and every blessing here and hereafter will be the sure reward of such fidelity and unreserved faithfulness to the eternal principles of light and truth revealed in these last days through the Prophet Joseph Smith. blend." A GENI INE SURPRISE. A party of Relief Society sisters cf the Pioneer Stake, about forty in number, des- cended upon the Cannon home, at Cannon "Soul, in thine Autumn dayB have utmost cheer! farm, the first Monday in December, with Spring hath no flower of flowers that can contest the best intentions and the most delicious The splendor of the hue6 upon his brea6t picnic in baskets and boxes, all neatly Who beareth up the incense of the years." wrapped in tissue paper, and a good supply of lovely flowers for decorating. Unknown, to Sister Annie W. Cannon. President of A HOME WEDDING. the Belief Society of that Stake of Zion, who was at the time busily engaged in her "Hail! wedded love household affairs, they entered without Perpetual fountain of domestic sweets." On Thursday, December 23, 1909, the ceremony, buLwith glad hands and smiling faces, wishing her many happy returns of marriage of Joseph Strauss Peery and tTuli-n- a the day. Clarissa Smith (Ina) was solemnized Sister Cannon wag almost too bewildered about. 1 n m i'r V.r. T rr t to appreciate the situation at first, but President Joseph F. Smith (father of the there was no alternative other than to submit hnde) performingthe ceremony. Temple mar- gracefully to eo delightful a compliment. nage is one of the most beautiful rites in As an expression of their love and edeem the Church of Latter-daSaints, and most the sisters presented their President with an - ; 1 I 1 y rr ' " 