OUTDOORM In the most beautiful ana modest way that' of nor ahsendeiY'fnfs'OTrc'asionV (..mid bf imagined, but the angels know, ami even 'though "the right hand knoweth not what the left hand doeth," these acts eelf-sacrific- e these things should hot fail to recognize these "Good Samaritans," who c.irry about with them the spirit of, humility, and give consolation to the mourner and comfort to the aching heart. We hope this brief sketch of Florence Nightingale will be read in the Kelief Society and in the Young Lidies' Association meetings., who know of R. S. REPORTS. 0(JI)EN STAKE. The Kelief Society of the Ogden Stake of ion held its quarterly conference in the relief Society Hall, at Ogden, Utah, July PJ, 11)10. . This stake being an offshoot 6f the Weber. Stake, the day designated and Fet apart for the conference is of more than usual significance to the sisters, it being in honor of the. day thirty-threyears ago that President Brigham .Young inaugurated the e s quarterly conferences .and organized the into a stake capacity, Weber Stake first to be thus organized, with our eis-terbe-ing-t- venerable, time-honor- ed he Sister ex-preside- Jane S. Richards, as its president. The morning session convened at 10 a..m. Stake President arah M. Taylor presided and conducted the exercises. On the stand were members of the General Relief Society Board, Phoebe Y. Beattie and Annie K. Hardy, President Charles C. Richard? of the Stake Presidency. Councilor Christian J. Jensen of the Hfrgh Council, the Stake Presidency of the Kelief Society, with their Hoard, and the local olhcers. fi Jl me. usual opening exercises, remands Aiier with a brief history of Weber County Kelief Society from 1877 to its division, and to the present time of the Ogden Stake, was given by Sister Nellie. Becraft. C. J. Jensen of the High Council followed his subject being "The Keynote to Unity in the Home.." His words were fraught with wisdom and he proved most emphatically that Love is the Keynote; first, love to God and then to each other, the spirit of service always being foremost in father,- mother and ohildren. He pictured vividly "the happy home where unity reigned and the home where discord is found, urging the former witlj all the benefits accruing and especially with a view of making our homes ideal for the salvation of our boys and 4 I 1 . - .... girls. General Board member Annie K. Hardy spoke on, obedience of children. - Brother Jensen struck a responsive chord in her. heart. We teach our children but we fail to train them.' This was Eli's mistake and-th- e Lord was not pleased with him, as the Lord told the boy Samuel. George' Wash. . . ington's success was due .largely to his mother's early training in obedience. The Prophet said the sisters should be the guardians of the home. She pleaded for wiser motherhood and showed how it "might be attained. . ' ; President Charles C. Richards asked those pf the sisters who were present at the meet- - Z 7 and heard of present . . Hiem jirignam Young, some ot wnicn he then alluded to; he referred to the ill- Jtrs U -- 1 . might be blessed. After closing remarks by President Taylor the congregation sang, the benediction and a social hour was spent, during which time a luncheon was served to all present. At 2 p. m. the meeting was again called and' yet' we are-recorde- fcia: the-remark- s ... He prayed that the sisters might have strength , for their labors and that in blessing others they to order. - President Thomas B. Evans of the ntake presidency was an additional visitor, as also Sister Janette M. Morrell, formerly Stake President of the Y. L. M. L A. General Relief Society Board member Sister Pheobe Y. Beattie was the first speaker, she paid a sweet tribute to the labors of Sister Jane S. Richards, her mother's friend and co laborer for so many years; she referred to the meeting held thirty-threyears of and the illustrious brethren ago many and sisters who were present on that occasion, among ihem, said she, being our own dear Aunt Em Wells, of whom it may truthfully be said: "She has been the teacher of the Relief Society." Outside ladies accord her the honor of being the moving power done for the benefit ;of much that of her sex in these parts. She referred to some of the deplorable conditions existing among us today and showing that the blame is largely on the parents. She read from the Doctrine and Covenants, section GS and urged the early training of the child. General Relief Society Board member Annie K. Hardy referred to the silent labors of the great army of Relief Society workers who are accomplishing to the best of their Ability. There is much to be done; a wave of wickedness is sweeping over us. Our teachings of today have been rather of prevention; let us give heed to them and see to it that we do our work wisely and well. Sister Janette W. Morrell gave a most excellent talk on the subject "A Message to Woman," showing the trend of the times Saint and the great need of the Latter-da- y women rising to" the situation, with a determination to hold motherhood as the highest mission given to woman and not to become allurements entangled with the many -thrown in their' path. Showed what home must be if we are going to hold the child. President Thomas B, Evans said we are truly favored by being taught such things as we have heard; but how much better shall We assume' we be unless we live them? much when we fail to put the word of the Lord to the test. President Smith has said that there is enough within the pale of the Church to keep every sister busy without clubs, etc. Nothing fires one so much as high ideals, and these may. be cultivated. How shall we feel when wp xStand before God if we have failed in our duties as fathers and mothers. After closing remarks by sisters Sarah M. Taylor and Isabel Foulger of the Stake Presidency the Relief Society the congregation sang the parting hymn and the benediction was pronounced by Sister Sarah A. Tribe. The visiting sistere were truly filled with the spirit of their calling and we feel that their influence and teachings will be prolific .:. of good. ..k The spirit of the conference was such that felt inspired to greater effort and higher Y .ri ideals. e has-bee-n ..-.- i-- all ';L- . . ... Nellie Becraft, Sec. A NEW .EFFORT. - Ever since the Mothers' Work has been introduced into ' the" Relief Society of the Parowan Stake we have had excellent meetings in most of the wards, and Relief Society work has become better known and appreciatedthe one regret has been general with the oilitvrs that so few of the young mothers took advantage of the good things specially prepared for them; softer muph thought it was suggested that we try a few meetings during the warm weather on the lawns of the sisters who could accommodate a gathering of the kind.. The teachers visited every home inviting all to meet at the home of Bishop- Jones, a number of our lectures best suited for young mothers were reviewed, and discussed; some time was devoted to testimonies, etc. At the close the local ofiicers supplied all present with cake and lemonade. Of a membership of about T0, PJ'were present, a loving sisterly spirit prompted every word and act and the sentiment expressed by all was that our meeting was one of the bet ever. The East ward had a similar meeting the same day, with an attendance of 3.r, and were equally blessed in their efforts. Next month the West ward wiR meet on the lawn of our president, Sister Amy Leigh, and we hope by our methods to be able to give the young mothers such an insight into our work, that they will feel it a real necessity for them to becom punctual attendants, that'their life's work may be lighter and more satisfactory. If this jittle report can be suggestive to any of the Relief Society workers we will be glad and would also be pleased to learn of other means, that have been successful in achieving the great result we are all aiming -- - for. Cedar City, Utah. E. Cuanb. Watson. SKETCH OF THE LIFE OF EUNICE ' BILLINGS SNOW. A I was born January 3, lS.'JO in the town of Mentor. Ohio. My parents' names were Titus Billings and Diantha Morley Billings. My mother was a sister of patriarch Isaac Morley, one of the first patriarchs in the . church. My father and mother were horn in Massachusetts. I do not remember the year they were born. My father always kept a record, but in moving around it became destroyed and I cannot remember dates. when he died My father was seventy-twr and my mother was eighty-fouwhen she o died- - I born the veai the Church was organized and when I was two yearg old, 1832, my parents joined the Church of Jesus Christ sf Latter-daSaints. I was baptized when I was eight years old, and I have never known or tried to know any other religion. I am perfectly satisfied with I have had so many testimonies of the truth of this glorious gospel, I could not enumerate them if I were to try. The names of my father's parents were Samuel and Esther Billings. The names of my. mother's parents were Thomas Morley and Ed it ha Marsh Morley. ' Before I was four years old, my parents moved to Jackson on account of their love and interest in the gospel. They wished to be where they could hear and partake. of the benefits of their religion. Was y - Mor-monis- m. - County,-Missouri- . . v-- -i , 