ryf- - ,i " y 1' another newly married couple, Mr amV v;p;h fc I'MrlTftw-ni.::. ongre73oncfthe this was - - . 1 W J IH' hi I . lll lllXlilVJIIill . in nil t.hn rkiiKU. Ml . V - IIS - H. I...- C - ..t known as tlie A. uUHC imu airrany .ecome ramous ... name Hymn of the Republic being sung "Association for the Advancement of tnc world over through Plmrlrc TVA ' Women,"' ami . this congress held annual .in ins American Notes of his successful efthe pupils.' cities of the in different United forts to educate the deaf, dumb and blind meetings' Howe Canada. and was .Mrs. an girl Laura Bridgeman ; and their States trip often and slie told abroad was like a triumphal progress. ardent woman suffragist, They the story of her conversion to it, and added spent some months in Rome where their THE RELIEF SOCIETY PRESIDENCIES. was born and was" named that she was glad she joined this movement, when they returned to America because it brought her. into such high com: For the fifth time in the history of the Doctor Howe his resumed work at the Blind hurch it became necessary to panv. organize the books includes. ''Passion Asylum; and Mrs. Howe was busy for years Kehet Society or to place in office V list of her the general head of that a son Mowers," "Words for the 'Hour.' 'A. Trip caring for her home great organization of arid four lived to anothOwn." women. World's the "The daughters "From grow up. to Cuba," I'mma, Smith, the Prophet's wife was the Oak to the Olive," "Later Lyrics," "Sex and er son died when three years old. Mrs. Howe was an ideal mother, and most int president with Sarah M. Cleveland Education," "Memoir of Samuel Gridlev and in her home. "of Lhzabeth hospitable Ann "Life "ModWhitnefc for Howe," .Margaret' Fuller," is It to idea three of impossible Polite "Is give any good ern Society," Society Polite," strong, spiritual, practical women Mrs. Howe few in and her work whose a disconwork in the association will ever "from Sunset Ridge," "Reminiscences," "Sketches of Representative New England nected paragraphs, those who have known stand as a high example to the women of of herJife-lonlabors feel how inadequate Zjon. Of these three, only one, Elizabeth Women." words are to convey to the reader a glimpse A. hitney, came to the vallevs of Utah Mis Ward was never fond of dress and of this with life be but her will the grand woman, great body of the Church and as a child was so absorbed in books and those written when well with her it became expedient to by acquainted reorganize study as to be careless of her appearance; it the work for will and magnificent humanity, this general head, sweet is said her sister met her one day returning angelic womdn be a rich legacy to bequeathe to was sustained in her old doubtless place. The noble .from school with one blue shoe and one and posterity. capable woman, Eliza Roxy Snow, wds crreen, and "later it is recorded her sisters Mrs. Howe passed away October 19, president, with Zina D. II. Young and Si.f had great difficulty in persuading her to 1910. at Oak Glen her summer home at tcr Whitney for counselors. Under these choose the stuff for her wedding gown. three sisters marked advancement along the Newport, Rhode Island. Tulia grew to womanhood dreamy and abThe Woman's Journal of Boston, from lines of Relief Society work was made. In sent, absorbed in severe stut'v and composwhich most of these facts were gleaned, says company with other chosen workers, 'they ition." of Mrs. Howe, "In her later years Mrs. traveled constantly effecting and perfecting When she was twenty-tw- o years of age Howe occupied a unique position. The the organizations of women, not only wards she spent a summer in Boston, where, she and stakes of the Relief Society, but the Americans a re .looked upon as a prosaic peo. r i t i twcut.y--vca.rnu t Dr. Samuel Gridie.y-.Howrresnrare or Votmg Ladies and Primary Associations aT onrv wenrrn. nnrtit.-.f pre WTTrsmprnir her senior. The doctor was already famous ; idealism. The universal love and esteem well. Sister Eliza was a great organizer in 1824. a student fresh from Brown Uni and possessed splendid executive ability, in which Mrs. Howe was held was due, not to with Greece had he to versity, which fitted her for this arduous and wonfight gone mainly to her scholarship or her many-sideLord Byron in the uprising of the Greeks ability more to her beautiful and derful work, and under.her regime" was efstated It that the is Turkish yoke. against loftv character, and most of all. to the fact fected the most perfect order and advance home a raised after two years he, returned that she represented the great old traditions ment ot organization and official duties. Af a with back large relief fund and went ship of the Republic. Whatever the cause and ter her death the saintly and beloved "Aunt dishe which load of food' and clothing the "wonderful enthusiasm felt for her is hard Zina" was called to the office of President tributed himself, he stayed for a time to help Zina DH. Young with Jane-SRichl to analyze it was genuine and it extended the" devastated to all classes of society. start trade and commerce in ards amUiathshcba W. Smith as counselors! Whatcountry. Doctor Howe afterwards helped ever assembly she .entered even of men, the The Relief Society has always progressed,' the French io establish their second Remost commercialized, or of women the most step by step, the different lines of work have public, and later with J. Fenimore Cooper frivolous all rose to their feet en masse been taken up and advanced. Sister Emma and S. F. B. Morse (the inventor of the electrified by one spontaneous impulse, and. under the guidance of the Prophet, laid cheered her to the echo with real emotion the foundations and gave forth instruction telegraph),. he aided the Poles in their unin all the different phases of the work. availing struggle against the combined tyand enthusiasm. . ranny of Prussia, Russia. and Austria. Doc Funeral services were held for Mrs. Julia Eliza R. Snow built up a magnificent strucwent to uermanv carrying a Ward Howe at her summer home, near ture, like the marshalling of a great army 4 Polish Relief fund, and was arrested and Newport, R. I. to continue and carry out the designs of n the great founders, and Aunt Zina called imprisoned in Berlin, and afterwards exShe was robed in white, with the Later he was inpelled from the country white cap upon her head and Over forth the best of woman's nature and terested in Garibaldi and Cavour, in the fight it the doctor's hood conferred upon her by through her lovely teachings and example, for Italian liberty. It is said- that Mrs. Smith College a few days before her death, the Relief Society excelled in the purpose of its existence Charity. The spiritual Howe at the time of her death was looking with the degree "Doctor of Humanities.?., forward to meeting Garibaldi's grandThe memorial .service in Boston was at growth among, the vomen of the latter-da- y Saints was most marked; They" bedaughter who is now visiting this "country. the church of the disciples of whichVMrs, came comforters in every need, adminisDr. Howe was a friend, to the Irish imHowe was a member. tered to the sick and the afflicted, fed and The casket was draped with laurel streammigrants who came to this country years ago in crowds and were very unpopular. At ers and purple orchids, the church in front clothed the poor andrejoiced exceedingly the time 'when there wras an h riot of the pulpit was banked, high in the Lord's service. In 1901 owing to the death of Sister in Boston, Dr. ttowe hurried to the scene to from wall to wall with magnificent floral protect the Irish from the mob, he found pieces from numerous societies and friends, Zina, the Society again had to be organized there a, tall young man, a stranger to him, The congregation was from all the walks of" and Bathsheba W. Smith was called as President with Annie Taylor Hyde and Ida wno had come on the sameerrand, it was life, rich and poor,' white and black. five were Mrs, Smoot Dusenbury as counselors. Of Aunt Charles Sumner, and they became close Of the eight friends. . Howe's grandsons'and the other three were Bathsheba who has just left us, so much r has recently been said and written and her In 1833 Doctor Howe began his great husbands of .her granddaughters. r vMrs- Howe was buried beside her hus- - work is still so fresh with us that it would uork for the blind ; T"ha Ward visited the seem almosP impossible to add more. Yet, Perkins Institute for the Blind with Longband in Mt. Auburn cemetery, a place desfellow and Sumner in 1841, there she had tined to8 be ai shrine for pilgrims who will under the administration of these three able her first honor her in company with Long- - women great progress has been made in Resight of Doctor Howe on his black rome to Powell. Holmes. Brooks. Agissiz lief Society work;; Many if not entirely horse. "A noble rider on a noble steed" she fplW Aunew phases. of the work receiving most j 'Ascribed him. In 1843. Doctor Howe and Summer and other immortals of Mt V ; dicious attention and assuming a systematic Miss Warrl were married and went abroad burn." fTt. of her work, 1 eldest-d- aughter "( -- -- and-children- , g , , 1 1 c d but-muc- . , tor-How- v well-know- -- - anti-Iris- flag-drap- ed . pall-beare- rs ' . - . . w - -- : . 