y WOMAN'S KXPttKRNT- .4"' . i ; .i fniVCfrurch had always taught equal purity in men and women a fact to which the world was but just awakening, Sister Alice Merrill Home presented a resolution on Home Products, to the effect that we use our. efforts and influence to sustain all home products in preference to others. Resolution was passed unanimously by the entire assembly. Congregation sung, We thank thee, 0 God, for a prophet. Benedic i " -- -: a f Julina L. Smith. Emmeline B. Wells, tion by Sister Secretary. Annie Wells Cannon, Secretary pro iem. t THE FIRST WOMAN PHYSICIAN. Dr. Elizabeth Blackwel1, the first woman to take the degree of M. I)., passed away on May 'U, 1910,at her home in Hastings, Eng land, aged nearly DOyears. Elizabeth Black well was born near Bristol, England, on February 671821. She was the daughter oi Samuel and Hannah (Lane; Black well. Her father was a sugar refiner, much respected for his high chaiacter, a man of progressive ideas, and in favor of repub lican institutions. He sailed with his fam ily for America in 1832, and engaged in in New York. He was warm ly interested in the anti slavery movement, and in 1838 moved to Cincinnati, Ohio,. partly with the hope of introducing the cul tivation of beet sugar, and thereby making r the slave grown unprofitable. But he died soon after reaching Cincinnati, leav ing a widow and nine children dependent on their own exertions. The mother and the older daughters, of whom Elizabeth was the third, opened a lit tle school. Later, Elizabeth taught a dis trict school in Henderson, Ky., also taking private pupils in music and languages. She was a successful teacher, and received much social attention, but the frivolous character of the young men she met did not attract her. In a letter home, replying to a sug- gesuon mat sne might marry in nenaerson- sugar-refinin- . , g cane-suga- she wrote: 'I cannot find any other half here, but only about a sixth, which would not do. Elizabeth was first' led to turn her atten tion to medicine by the case of a lady friend who died of a painful' illness, of such a na ture that it was a severe distress to her modesty to have to receive treatment from a male physician. She often told Elizabeth that she would have" given anything to be able to go to a woman doctor. Elizabeth wrote to several physicians and other persons of more or less distinction, consultmgjhem as to her plan. She said: "The answers were "curiously unanimous. They all replied to the effect that the idea was a good one, but that it was imppssible to accomplish it." v" Dr. Warrington,, an old Quaker physician of Philadelphia, wrote: '.'I have personally applied to some of the most intelligent and ladies of my acquaintance fehow far the services of a male physician would be appreciated by them. The response uniformly is, 'No female could become acceptable to us, either as a teacher or practitioner of medicine." But the young girl was not, to be discouraged.! She went, in 1845, to teach in a school at Asbeville, N. C, kept by a Rev? John Dickinson, who had previously, been a doctor. Here she studied medicine private liberal-minde- d well-educat- ed '"f ly under him in the intervals of her teaching. It was before the th e of railroads, and two of her brothers drove her from Cincinnati to Asheville; eleven days journey, crossing three ranges of mountains and several rivers. Later, Dr. Samuel H. Dickson, a distinguished .physician and a professor, in the Medical College of Charleston, S. C, obtained her a position as music teacher in the fashionable boarding school of Mrs. Dii Pre, in that city, and himself directed the medical studies that she carried on in her spare hours. In 1847, she went to Philadelphia with her small savings, studied anatomy under Dr. Allen, and applied for admission to each of the four medical colleges' of that city; but in vain. Dr. Pankhurst, professor of y in the largest' college in Philadelphia, offered to admit her to his classes, on condition that iie would disguise herself as a man. TJiis she refused to do. Some friends told her she would have to. go to Paris to study; others said Paris was so immoral that it would be impossible for a youhgunmar-- " ried woman to take a medical course there. She said to one of these: "If the path of duty led me to hell I would go there; and do not think that by being with devils I should become a devil myself." She also wrote to Mrs. Willard of Troy: ''I must accomplish my end. I consider it the noblest and most useful path that I cane tread, and if one country rejects me I will go to ansur-ger- other." Application to the large medical schools of New York also proving unsuccessful! she sent requests for admission to twelve of the country colleges, including Geneva University (now Hobait College). Geneva consented. Dr. Stephen Smith, who was a member of that year's medical class at Geneva, published in the Church Union some years ago an account of the matter. He says that the faculty did not wish to receive her, and they referred the question to the class, with a proviso that if a single student objected, she should not be admitted. The class consisted of about 150 young men. He says:. "They were rude, boisterous and riotous beyond comparison. On several oc casions the residents of the neighborhood sent written protests to the faculty, threat ening to have the college indicted as a nuisance if the disturbance did not cease. Dur ing lectures it was often almost impossible to hear the professors. Of Elizabeth's application, Dr. Smith says: ''The whole affair assumed the most ludi crous aspect to the class, and the announcement was received with the most uproarious demonstrations of favor. A meeting:was called for, the evening, whichf was attended by every member. The resolution approving the admission of the lady was sustained by a number of the most extra vagant speeches, which were enthusiastically cheered. The vntfl was finallv taken, with what Seemed to be one unanimous yell. YeaP When the negative vote was called, a single voice was heard uttering a timid 'No.' The scene that followed passed description. Ageneral rush was made for the corner of the room which emitted the voice, and the recalcitrant mem ber was only too glad to acknowledge his error and record his vote in the affirmative." "At a meeting of the entire class of Gen eva Medical College, held this day, Oct. 20, 1847, the following resolutions were unani mously adopted; 1. Resolved that one of the radical prin . " ciples of a Republican Government, is the universal, education of both sexes; that to every branch of scientific education "the door should be open equally for all; that the application of Elizabeth Blackwell to become a member of our class meets our entire approbation; and in extending our unanimous invitation we pledge ourselvos that no conduct of ours shall cause her to regret her attendance, at this institution." "Two weeks or more elapsed, and as the lady student did not appear, the incident of her application was quite forgotten, and the class continued in its riotous career. One morning, alLunexpectedly, a lady entered the lecture room with the professor. She was quite small of stature, plainly dressed, appeared diffident and retiring, but had a 'firm and determined expression of face. Her entrance into the Bedlam of confusion acted like magic upon every student. Each hurriedly sought his seat, and the most absolute silence prevailed. For the first time, a lecture was given without the slightest transformation interruption. : of this class from a band of lawless desperadoes to gentlemen,, by the mere presence of a lady, proved to be permanent in its efA more orderly class of medical fects. students was never seen than this, and it continued to be to the end of the term." She soon won the esteem of students and professors, but she was ostracised by Geneva society. A doctor's wife at her boarding house refused to speak to her; Women passing her on the streets held their skirts aside. The press commented humorously on the" phenomenon of a girl studying medicine. The Baltimore Sun remarked that she should confine'her practice to diseases of the Heart. The Boston Medical Journal said: "She is a pretty little specimen of the feminine gender, reporting her age as 20, , She comes into the class with great composure, takes off her bonnet and puts it under the seat, exposing a fine phrenology- - The effect on the class is good, and great decorum is ob served while she is present. ' During the summer vacation she studied in the women's department of the great Blockley Almshouse in Philadelphia. The head physician, Dr. Benedict, showed her much good wiJl, but the young resident physicians were unfriendly, and when she walked into any ward they walked out, They even ceased to write the diagnosis and treatment of the patient on the cardx at. the head of each bed, as hid been the custom,, so she was thrown wholly on her own resources. But she managed to learn a great deal. To her anxious mother she wrote: "Do not fear for me. I live simplydo my duty, trust in God, and mock at the devil." At the almshouse the problems connected with the social eyil were for the first time She brought1 strongly to her attention. if not know do have to I wrote her sister: "I told ever you how deep this matter of licentiousness has gradually sunk: into my soul, and that, the determination to wage a war ef extermination with it strengthens continually, and the hope of gaining power and experieuce to do it worthily is one of my strongest supports in action, So help me God, I will not be blind, indifferent or stupid in relation to this matter, as are most women- v The world can never be redeemed till this central relation of life is placed on a truer footing." Elizabeth graduated at the head of her class. Boston Woman's Journal, The-sudd- en - , -- - 