J WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 27 i - I S LE O F THE i ; ft- TH dG A G bT . t ' nrnimu by tliose who arc suc w.uim (Froin the Atlanta Georgian aniT!Vcw(s.) iirnner-n- hviie r u . - T Qh, a the realm of Tears, As it flows-througWith a faultless rhythm and a musical rhyme, And a hroader sweep and a surge sublime s it bends with the ocean of years. . e from blame. Young l)oys and girls know nothing whatever of their own nature they are absolutely ignorant in this '.respect. They have no idea of the temptations that may come to them nor.rthc nature of these temptations, and to allow them to come and go when and where they please is to run a risk that no Latter-da- y Saint can 'afford to do. There should always be older people or chaperones wherever there arc gatherings of young peo ple. The chaperones are not there to criticize or make things unpleasant but to join the young 'people in their pleasures and at the same time to guard them from every thing harmful or objectionable. For example, where young people attend dancing parties definite provision should always be made for older people to be present from the beginning to the close of the The dangers, too, which entertainment. surround young people who indulge in canyon parties, lake parties or other camping pleasures are such that parents can never safely permit their young people to participate in them, except when they are carefully guarded by the constant presence of - And we mirage air; sometimes hear through the turbulent roar -- He beautiful smile, And our eyes are closing in slumber awhile, ' . May that "Greenwood". of soul be in sight. Benjamin F. Taylor. l.-.- i t j tion. Local theatricals and concerts arc frequently critized because it requires so much time arid effort to make them reasonably Sweet voices we heard in the days gone before iv iien uie wind clown the River is fair. Oh. remembered for aye be the blessed All the day of our life till night, -- And when evening comes with its 1 good, and the results achieved are generally regarded as comparatively poor compensation for the efforts put forth; but to my mind, the greatest value in these entertain- mcnts is the discipline, training and experi ence which making the needed preparation must necessarily. give. Without giving further examples f the general proposition which I am endeavoring to demonstrate as follows : The prime object of providing proper and abundant amusements for young people is to keep their minds and 'bodies so thoroughly occupied, doing desirable things, that .there will be no time and no place for their thinking or doing improper tfnngs. There are two things in connection with this subject that I desire to draw to your. attention especially first, the importance pt learning some thing definitely about before they are permitted to associate with our own young people. Secondly the importance of providing chaperones to accompany our young people when they: are associated together in, theiramusement. As one Dad appie in tne mn soon spreads decay to all its neighbors, does one improper associate contaminate, more or less, all his companions. For this reason' we cannot exercise too much precaution in choosing, for the associates of our and young, those of our own neighborhood wrill .. hose association LUUSC liiii o.iviv.tend to lift up rather than to lower their standard of life and conduct. men of the Strangers or even young on the acT neighborhood will place a value m proquaintance with your: daughters, just which in conduct portion to the demands whom you receive into you require of those ' , your homes.' neen nave muuui u , Girls and boys who adthus protected and guarded are always i mired and their company' and association , . e may-stat- AMUSEMENTS. By Amy Brozm Lyvian. Proper amusements for the young, (the subject I have been asked to speak upon) I regard as a subject of tne greatest importance. The lives of our children are largely influenced by the amusements they indulge in and the friends they meet in a social way. . Providing amusements is a problem that confronts every parent,, it comes up for set- does not solve this problem by giving: it ost caretui consideration, and by the tlement in every home, and the parent who actually providing and directing ; such amusements leaves the young people-tdo. this for them-selvand thus opens wide before them the door that may reveal to them paths that lead es v io ruin. The rearing of a good and well trained family is for parents-theitjri- ost important doth it:profit them if they gain world, which 'endures for time 0nh' if by so doing, they jeopardize the souls of their ovn children which are to live work. What the whole ' iiirotignout eternity. v Human nature is such that the minds of young people and their 'bodies also ate al most continuously in an active state, it is therefore verv important for parents to pro "" , vide for them'an abundance cal and mental activities. .' . of proper physi' . f. Since the old adage that all work and no Play makes the dull boy, is' kept constantly ; - t.m ouestion of nroner rh.mernnnrrp nr giving protection to our young JKOple jias been, I fear, somewhat neglected m our communities and in some instances at least where young people have gone astray, their parents, though they feel that they have done their best may not be entirely-fre- bad boy therefore it is of the utmost im- r A a punance lor parents 'to provide for their young people, iirt, a proper amount of well directed work, and secondly, a proper winters are like the' flakes of How snow drifting amount of appropriate and proper amuseAnd the summers like buds between: ment, And the year in the sheaf so they come and Amusements, the preparations for which go On t la- River's breast. with its ebb and flow, are planned by the young people themselves A they glide in the shadow and sheen. are generally to be preferred to those which are provided by persons whose There's a magical Isle up the River Time ' primary obin Where the softest of airsTre" playing; ject conducting places of amusement is There's a cloudless sky am' for financial gain. clime, And a voice as sweet as a vesper chime, When a young people's organization And the Junes with the roses are staying. gives a ball or banquet a part of the niemlxrsiiip And the name of this Isle is the Long Ago, niv. jmii.um, anoiiier committee r. And ue bury our treasures there; oversees the refreshments, still another There are brows of beauty and bosoms of serves as reception committee, and in var- snow .. . .... IA11C an ciiiLTiainment gives em They are heaps of dust, but we loved them so? juui "?.aj3 There are trinkets and tresses of hair. ployment or amusement to the young people, which, in many respects (because of the. There are fragments of songs that nobody trainiug .it brings) is of greater value than sings the party itself. Inexpensive banquets which And a part of an infant's prayer, There's a harp unswept and a lute without require time and effort to prepare program, strings, menu, speeches, and other entertainment will There are broken vows and pieces of rings, prove more entertaining often than dancing And the garments she used to wear. parties, and at the same time will be a means There are hands that are waved when-thfairv of giving'practice in public speaking, and a shore general uplift in lines of culture and educais lifted in Ry the !, vv I he vuaiiy irUe mat top much play and little or no work makes an actively v wonderful stream is the River Time; r' v ' ' Some mothers" may say; "I cair trust my children, I know they are absolutely safe wherever they go." But how can any mother know what her daughter will do if she is surrounded by evil temptations, the nature and danger of which are wholly unknown to her? Mow can any mother know that her;sonvill. successfully resist temptation even of the most dangerous and' deadly sort if it comes to him when he is wholly unsuspecting, and in a form with which he is not familiar. Even old and experienced people are often surprised at whatthey themselves do when they are contronted suddenly ' with an unfamiliar emergency and notwithstanding their age and experience, under such, conditions they sometimes make serious mistakes. I will say in conclusion that it seems to me it is practically impossible for us to have our children so well trained that we can know they will always have the necessary strength and power required to enable them to resist successfully all temptations that teach them may come to them. We should carefully 'and prayerfully, but in additionwe should be with them as much as possible to protect them from harm and assist them in passing safely all points of danger which cannot be avoided. ; r -- he-able- -to , " - " . Miss S. Belle Chamberlain, of Boise, who is servingTier. second terni" as State; Super. intendent of Public'-- ' Instruction , of, Idaho,-. re. has announced herself as candidate for nomination. Miss M has an-- . cipal of the Nampa High School, nounced her candidacy for the same office. elev-p- n She has been in Idaho school work for rears and is a member of the State lulu.j 1 ;.T : "7 Council, cational . , , a 