THE WORLD BUILDERS. i I. I s h'V have builded, tkey have bXiilded, Since Man .Erect firstfaced the Light minking, pallid, tirjiid, broken, From the weightof the Nether Night; They have builded a God in heaven, They have builded a God in hell, And for which God the shrinking died The Druid woods could never tell; . - Dear v' HisU-ri- m 1 TSLI2S ' " ' We have now eaten d into" a New Year, and may it be a happy, prosperous and progressive one to us all. Let faith, love, and r tr .avi; (juiuc a T t d I, 1 I I uie poorest memDer scoti Juiac V.V 1 . . . 1 as welcome as the nVhfisr fhminrh she has no penny. to give. I would ask all secretaries of tho'ItAliaf Society to be prompt to have their annual report sent to me by the first of March, that the full report may reach the Central Board by-- , April 1st. Let us bear in mind our annual day of organization of the Relief gather in our dues of tiyepence each member, as far as compatible with circumstances. No one must deprive or distress herself to donate to this fund. In making out your financial reports be sure they balance, or they cannot be used. Blanks will be forwarded at once to all presidents of conferences to be distributed to each society. Every secretary of a Relief Society in the British mission is requested to forward-t- o me at once particulars of any change of officers during the vear 11)09, giving full name, stating whether "Mrs." or "Miss," the oilice held, and the address of the person holding it. Immediate attention to this IS JUSt charity be our motto, and through prayer ' " "J visions oi rur minds he enlarged lu vjiave builded prayers and Scriptures, that ve n.ay grasp the needs of the hour Altars of fagots and fire, anu have courage and wisdom to Kriith aud creeds and philosophies, cope with them successfully! If we open the Dead children of living Desire! portals of our hearts we will, as a They have builded, builded. builded, selfishrule, see With Scripture and Battle and Trade, ness enthroned, with jealousy, avarice and And now, in sadness and madness, ambition her nearest kindred, ever ready to We cope with the things they have made.' carry. out her behests. We must not close the door and try to convince ourselves that (And what have the women been doing these intluences are not there. It is a The ages long? daily ( Meaning the dirt from the .doorstep, effort we will have to make to divest curWith Home for a scrubbing song.) se ves of these evils, and if at the end of our lives we are conscious that we have come II. near compliance with the commandment They have builded, they have builded, of "Love our God with all our Nation, government and state, might, mind Laid the boundaries smooth in brotherhood, and strength, and our neighbor as ourThen ..wiped them out sw ift in hate! selves," we will have done well and won the Tin y have builded Iheir courts of Justice, victory; and we will be able to say with is urgently desired. And Hanked them with gibbets high, And prisons and towers of torture Paul, "I have fought the good fieht. and I That 1010 may be through prayer and inHank on rank 'neath the equal sky. know there is a crown laid up for me in creased activity a year far in advance of the They have builded phalanx and cannon, heaven. " years now behind us, that the spirit of our Shot each other in serried rows, There are now over In a thousand meadows the daisies forty Relief Society or- Lord may be with you all in great abundin Have marveled at their British the ganizations Isles, with an aver- ance to strengthen you against evil and to Thev have builded, builded, builded, of enrollment age twenty each, and an aver- help in all good works, is the sincere prayer With Scripture and Battle and Trade. of ten or twelve. I am hap- of your sister in the gospel of Christ. attendance age And now in sadness and madness, py to be able to say that union and harmony We cope with the things they have made Romania B. Pknkose. and a desire to prees on in the good work form the general report. We are blest as And what have the women been doing NOTES AND NEWS. The women to have had this organization given ages long? false into Laughing light kings' eyes, us, that we may learn the great principle of Mrs. Harriet Stanton Blatch has sailed for With Ease for a feasting song.) working unitedly and in harmony for the England, where she will make a study of III. good of the whole. It is a gtand lesson to the English suffrage movement. learn to the preparatory joining faithful, They have builded, they have builded, obedient and harmonious hosts of heaven. Mrs. Alice 8. Tiernan, formerly of GalMarket places rich and fair, And monster servants of commerce It is not blind obedience which is required, veston, Texas, was admitted to the Memphis Tu hasten there: but o bed iencethrough-knowlege w h i ch im - bar this monthrShe studied law afterher They have builded of gold for pleasure pels us through our agency to assent to the marriage, and is in practice with her husThey have builded of gold for gain, Father's will with all the fervor, power and band. It is said. that Mrs. Tiernan is the Girded fast around earth's greenery A strength of the soul. Dear sisters, Jet us first woman lawyer to practice in the crim glittering fetter ot pain! have builded dike and trestle, Tbey search for and live by every ray of light and inal courts of Tennessee. Spanned the blue from shore to shore, knowledge we can gain in our daily walk They have threaded the air with wires, Mrs. Abigail Scott Duniway of Oregon, and conversation and our association in bur They have ribboned the ocean's floor; Mrs Emma Smith DeVoe of Washington, They have builded, builded, builded, society, and encourage a worthy emulation Rev. Olympia Thrown of Wisconsin, Miss With Scripture and Battle and Trade, to have the best, most united and useful Re And now in sadness and madness, lief Society of all. The elders are speaking Jean Gordon of Louisiana, Mrs. Robert E. We cope with the things they have made. iri warm praise and appreciation of the help Kirkland of Georgia, Mrs. Joseph Howell of B. Arthur and Mrs. (And what have the women been doing and good accomplished by the sisters in their Utah, and Mrs, Clara of Michigan were among The ages long? which is very gratifying to Huntley Russell work, society of fearing the brunt of their lovers' lies. learn. The missionary work done by the the women appointed by) the governors reWithshame for a cradle song.) their respective states as delegates to the sigters is not small, but with diligence we cent great conference in Washington, D. C. ' can do more and greater works. IV. noted the Saints should A writer in the Washington Every child of Latter-daThvy have builded, they Have builded., were all active suffragists. have instilled into its mind that' Joseph fact that they ' Beauty in color and line; of their State Marbled their valor in, battle, Smith was truly a Prophet of God. The Several were the presidents were Associations. . They given a bung of their loves and their wine; truths he brought forth were new to Suffrage at 1823 H street great by the suffragists Ihey have builded houses for drama, and being an unlettered reception this generation, have They, builded houses 'for lust, of Washington. And ever therein the woman name youth, would have been i opossible for him Is dragged In an interview recently printed Mrs. to have thought of in his own wisdom. No through the brilliant dust; ihey have builded the things that are, one of the greatest and best educated of Amelia E. Barr, the novelist, thus frankly the fulness of earth, men m the hundreds, years since Christ, declared her attitude on the suffrage ques"' Hyr honors, and meanings and powers, to light any such principles or or- tion. Her hope, her ; brought and her mirth; strengfh "It was rather provoking.on our last election iiiey have builded, builded, builded, ganized such a perfect Church as that of the a :tn Scripture,"- and Battle and Latter-da- y Saints. We can know by its day.. in Cornwall, to see absolutely ignorant, Trade, aim now in sadness and madness, fruits as well as the testimony of the Holy swearing,' brutal negroes" voting on my e cope with the " haTe made, thing they Ghost, of the truth, that he was taught by taxes, while I could not say a word. She is the angels' sent of God and not by human reported as saying. "Also I have had a boy (And what have the women been doing Teach the children at the home about the place who can neither read nor he wisdom. ages long? Kear,ng the childrenolall the world, ... fireside as well as in the Sunday School, and write, who. is not capablepf learnjng jeave I who know what V.'tb love for an even song.) guard them as your "most precious jewels. his work to vote, while Seek out the poor, the' widow and orphan, responsibilities are attached to the ballot, ENVOI. the sick and afflicted and minister to them who own property, and am in every way a Ajone you have builded a world for to the extent of your means and by faith profitable citizen, must pay whatever these i ou Men, as if the half were the self, human; and prayer and visits of comfort and cheer. imbeciles impose on me. : I can sympathize ff 'ou ever dream what the world might be of V0U builded brain to brain with woman? Give your pennies at each society meeting, with the. bitter sense of injustice-wome" H. Rea Woodman.- thatthere may be succor for the needy, and large wealth feel on the subject" , I heart-breakin- g death-throe- s; i heart-breakin- g - world-produc- ts heart-breakin- g T-mif- s y -- - ' ' - heart-breakin- g - ; -- . r n . -- ; -- - 