WOMAN'S EXi'QNEMTr 7" born here 'did well, ' the second winter that we lived here; and when we' left to go west wc were fitted up with two yoke of oxen and one yoke of cows both of them giving milk, when we started out, We crossed over the Missouri river and went into the camp of the Saints, for there was a general rally to move on this gathppring. One hundred and eighty-livered, on the bluffs to organize .the camp. There were one hundred wagons to move on in our company, Brother Hawkins captain of the hundred. Then there were captains of fifties and of tens. Thomas Johnson was over the fifty that we were in. After all was made ready we started out on our toilsome journey to 4he Kocky Moun-tain;thwas about the tenth of June 1850. My husband was then called as captain over two tens. Traveling was very slow, in consequence of new roads and lengthy train of wagons. We took a widow with us by the name of Bracket. We traveled on until we came to the Platte river country without any sickness, hut sometimes the Indians would come into camp and steal. At one time a young Indian got away with a sack of cracked. The old chief brought him-bacinto camp and whipped him severely before the camp. This was while we were near the Platte, in the Buffalo country. The y ruen thought they ought to rest their teams ' for a day or two, and have a hunt. Several went out, the weather was very hot, and the' water bad. They came in at night loaded with buffalo meat. One young man, Charlie Johnson, was taken with the cholera that night and died at daybreak. He was rolled up in a blanket and buried in a deep grave, so the wolves could not dig him up, for they were very numerous. This was the first commencement of cholera in, the camp. After this there were several deaths in the My seventh-- son-'wa- e is k of cholera and some" of other complaints. At last one died of smallpox, but so much caution was. used that no one else took it, nearly all were vaccinated. We continued our journey' now, but the canip was divided into fifties and traveled in two companies, solhey would travel with more; comfort than with such a large company. We came onto theBlack Hills. There were deserted soldiers came into camp and plead to travel with us, but they were soon overtaken by their officers and strapped on horses- and taken back to quarters, and I suppose had to pay the penalty. The camp stopped in the Black Hills to let the cattle rest and put shoes on them, for their feet had become so sore and tender they could not travel. We stayed here twelve days. The men killed elk and deer until we were It -- was salted and dried over the smoke, so it would keep for the rest of the. journey. . While we' were here, the wolves would make the night hid-- . eous with their howling. There were panthers here, too, and 1 was glad, for my part, when we left the place, for T did rip t fancy this kind of enemies, so we. left them, as we , did those who had robbed us and driven us from our possessions and homes, The journey was long and tedious, sometimes having to camp without wood or water. I - have seen the cattle tied up at. night after traveling all day without feed or water. We two cows t hat worked in the yoke all the time, but thev. gave-umilk, so" when there was no water we could drink their for supper, The traveling became v milk more slow and fatiguing every day. When cpmp.an$v-so- me - - all-supplie- ri U - .1 4..,V,U ntWk U Dors, we nau. uu uuuuio ikiiu nicui. we got to the crowing of the Green Hiver.it ran very swift, it looked deep and angry. the river was Among the first that went into one Brother GifTord. He hung on tothe his hold bows; as long as he could, but lost and the current took him down. Some few had got across, arid one of the brethren and-swato his jumped into the stream He was rescue, and fetched him ashore. nearly gone, but came around all right after a while. The rest all got over without any accident, and moved on towards the mounAt last tains flint up were now rearing. we began to raise their heights and reach the summit, and look down into the valley below, the goal of our destination. It looked like a paradise, dotted with dwellings and gardens. Our eyes dwelt and hearts feasted upon the lovely scene after three months of hard toil and travel and under all circum- stances of a trying nature. On the 15th of September we came into Salt Lake City. We camped for a few days at the west of the city- to look around and rest and see whre to make a home. My husband's health was very much impaired by our long journey and constant exposure, and cold weather coming on; we traveled north eight miles to Sessions Settlement to get better feed for our stock and camped for three weeks. My husband and son went into the mountains and got out wood and sold to get something to live upon. The crickets, which had made such havoc in the crops left some, but provisions were hard to get, as this was the third year that ever anything had been attempted to be grown in this desert land. The Widow Bracket was still with us, and shared our humble fore. It was now past the middle of OctoW and very cold, and something had to be done for quarters, for winter. There had a number of families - gonenqrthtoOgdenIliver and built a fort -- Mil me young Indians would want to play and At one time one wrestle with our boys. wrestled with my second son living, threw him, ;and put his elbow out of joint, which scared the young native badly; but the Indians put it down for a mark of bravery. Well, the wfnter passed. It was a cold, hard winter. In the spring we prepared to put Ebme seed in the ground, all we could get in those scarce times. High water inGrassjured a good deal of the crop. hoppers came, but we fought them and While this saved enough for our bread. was getting matured, it was very hard to. We had to reget food to eat sometimes. sort to roots and wild onions, and that. did not sitisfy hunger. In the latter part of the summer we got a good many service berries from the Indians, which made our fruit for the winter, and they were very nice indeed. In the fall of '51 there came a large sheep herd. In going through to California it was so late in the season they abandoned going any further, so they drove theirherd down A great many the Weber Hiver to winter. sheep died. The Indians would pick the wool off and bring it and sell" it for a mere trifle. I got fifty or sixty pounds of this Next sumwool, cleansed it thoroughly. mer I made it into cloth and clothed my family with it till they were comfortable. In May, the second of this year, '52, my eighth son was bom, David Seymour. There was high water again this spring, but the men had leveled and fixed up the banks of the river, so it did not do so much damage and we had a tolerably fair crop, but had to fight the grasshoppers again. My husband went to work and made a fanning mill to clean the grain and it brought us in a good deal of grain, as it was the only one around. The emigrants were traveling through this year to California very lively. It made a good deal of traffic for the Saints; they would trade goods and groceries for the bread stuff and feed for their teams. We also traded our oxen that we came into the valley with and got a span of, horses for them. This year there was some trouble with the Indians and it was considered better to fort up. The place selected and settled was called Bingham Fort.one mile north from our home; so my husband pulled down our house and moved it to that place. There war a school house, so we could send our children to school. It was also used for a meeting house. We continued to live here for three or four years. My children were sick the most of the winter. My husband built a good adobe house, and we were quite comfortable while we were- here in this fort. called Mound Fort. We consulted together and thought it best to move on to this place, about thirty-fiv- e Sister miles. Brocket thought she would go no further, for shecould get a place to live where we were.She had been very good in helping to care for the children and doing what she could, she was feeble in health. We bade her good bye, and started north. We were the most of- three days in going to Ogden Hiver, crossed over, went to the fort, built a email cabin and moved into it. The next thing to do was to secure some breadstuff, forwe were now on rations. My husband solofa-yok- e of our cattle, and got a large, fat ox. This he traded for twelve bushels of wheat,; and ihiswas all the show for bread for the winter, witha few pounds of l. I did not feettoomplain. I would cut my 'children a slice ofxbread-antell them to thank our .Heavenlyather for it, ana they were satisfied and wewere' all TO BE CONTINUED. happy. My husjband took up a piece of land orrex mne west oi the fort. Timber was plenitful NOTE. on the river and he put up a log house with two rooms on this land, we moved down on Liliukalani of Hawaii, has gone to it in the winter. The Indians had a race to Washington to confer over proposed legis camp near by on the river bottom. They lation lutended to give the Sandwich Islands were quite civil and were very good neigh- - more liberal homestead rights. - , corn-mea- - d - . v . -- , - . Ex-Que- en . jd R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO 676971; Main Street, Salt Lake City s ladies OUR SPECIALTY . , ; ready-to-wea- r OF EVERY DESCRIPTION; garments - TRY US 