48 ' Benediction by Brother W. W. Willes. A meeting was also "held: in the evening. President Weft expressed pleasure in meet- ing go many faster?. .Nina' Li Porter reported fet. Rnrv nn thuntr well. The enroll- and a good average, rqent, is twenty-one- . attendance. V,'e are kept busy with work and doing all the goad we can. May II. .Larson reported the Snowtlake enrolled, There are sixty-thre- e society. and a fairly good attendance. Spoke of the lesson?, prayer meetings, unanimous love and faith of the sisters, etc. Phehe Jones spoke of the Taylor society. Could not attend often, as she lived out of town. Ada P.Owfns reported Show Low society as prosperous and growing. There is love and a good feeling existing. Sister Pliebc Y. Beatie of Salt Lake, spoke so sweetly and with comfort and'good feeling to us Related incidents of faith and the power of God manifest in different works. Whs glad to meet us in this stake, and pleased with our condition. Sister Minnie James, also of Salt Lake, spoke of our work and said to have it well distributed among the members. Mentioned the items leading to the organization of the Society, the prophet and the labors of Sxrah M Kimball. Spoke of our Mother's interWork Said it inludtd all things est to women. Told us how to manage for the best advantage of all. She would always, remember us in love and hoped to come ana in. Sister Hap S. Iunt bore tesamony and expressed her thankfulness for the good Sister . time we have hid. Counselor Emma L. Smith expressed appreciation of the visit of the sisters; and gave some items in connection with the tirst organization. oituer Adelaide r isn gave a iew woras of blesing to ourdear?iaters7land knew U was the good they brought to us that made them see the good in us. President West made closing remarks. Felt to bless us all, and unitedly we will give our blessing to our dear visiting sisters. May we all prove faithful to our trusts, ajid the peace of heaven be with us. Benediction by Sister Phebe Young Beatie. Annie H. Kartciinek, Sec. pro. tern. NOTES AND NEWS. Miss Helen 1 aft, daughter of President Taft, has returned to Bryn Mawr and entered upon her sophomore year. Miss Ida Lewis, keeper of Lime Rock Lighthouses and known as the Grace Darling of America, received Christmas gifts"' from all over the country. Lady Frances Balfour and Mrs. H. J. Tennant have been placed on the Royal Commission appointed by King Edward to inquire mtQthe rlaw of divorce and its especially with regard to the classes. poorer Lady Frances Balfour is a sister of the Duke of Argyll and greatly in terested in the woman suffrage movempnt. uuo uiaiucu juusiuuo y. n. lidiiour. Mrs. Tennant is the sister-in-laof the Prime Minister, Mr. Asquith. It is curious that one of the women Royal Commissioners shoul(Lbe to; the leader of the and the 'Opposition, other sister-in-lato mo cftu vi me government. fcx. w Eistor-in-la- w w aotoukkwaphy. the faith we coald, but he lived only twelve days. There were four families camped from 39.). page (Continued with us, but we were alone in the wagon to the night he died, with the exception of : The spirit of hatred and enmity seemed I to mostly make hearts of the Gentiles towards U9, Cousin O'Colvin and had him away in, and put but etrll the brethren kept on working on his clothes to lay Brother Blodget made the Temple, determined ro finish it, and at them on him myself. in a reslast succeeded, until the Lord was eatihfitd him a coffin, so be was laid away and the ordinances were attended to during pectable manner, but alone in an uninhabthe winter previous to their exit, for it was ited country, except the Pottawottamie few French and half breeds on the again to our tentB so we did not enjoy our Indians, a beautiful city, and Temple long, but it was Missouri river about eight miles from our camp. This was a sad blow to us and hard a fine structure to behold. I well remember being aroused from my slumber Irearing to bear, he was a very bright and promising such heavenly music, everything was so still boy. I had now buried three of my childand quiet when it burst upon my ears.- - I ren, and had three left. I got into my tiould not imagine at firtt from .what source wagon after he was buried and wrote a few it came. I got up and looked out of my lines as they came to my mind; they ran ' window towards the Temple, and behold on thus the top of the roof the band congregated and Lochomens. your noble spirit has tied, The moon shone were playing beautifully. And gone to brighter realms on high, At' bright and the music was delightful. Where pain and sorrow never come, of in roof the fire the While mortality lie mouldering in the dust, a time another caught You were a dear and faithful boy, How it caught I never knew, but Temple. Unto your parents likewise unto God, it seemed for a time that the building would You loved to read His holy word, Wells were be consumed with the fire. Your mind was old beyond your days. drained all around, and finally wngons and Sleep on, dar child and rest awhile. Ere long the trump of God will sound, teams with barrels brought water from To wake the sleeping dead men, women and children worked until In that happy resurrection morn, they conquered the fire, although the damWe will meet aeain. no more to part, evil the seemed considerable. It was To age reign with Christ a thousand years, And Saints will dwell all robed in white. one wasJdetermined to harass the Saints in every way, but the time was approaching It was now the last of August. We made when again we must take up the line of march, this time far away in the west where up our minds to stay there until the next white man's foot had never trod, to find a bpr.ng before going farther, as there was resting place among the red men of the for- timber, and feed for our cattle by this time. There were several families who stopped est. here to rest. My husband put rp a cabin; We were permitted to receive oiir blessings in the Temple, in the winter previous also Brothers Colvin and Blodget built to starting out, the ensuing spring, on our small log houses for the winter, thinkingwe We had not My sixth son was born would move on in the spring. journey west. March 15. and our journey was delayed until much to live upontas we had to leave all our I think it. was the 1st fi AI 10 it iu i j r tl nu ni TIMJ i in ir w tki t tt' ii nnii 1J L wasjible tqjravei. 7)f Juneefore we got started across the with one yoke of cattle, but there was river with our substance, what we could many emigrants traveling to Califortake with us, and camped for a few days. nia, and we got some provisions of them We had but one yoke of cattle, so we could and put in turnip seed; they did well, so it not take much with us, only our provisions helped us out. Likewise our own emigrants and clothes. Where we were going, we did were constantly pouring into this place and not know but go the Saints must and sacri stopping to rest. Some went a few miles fice their homes and their all to satisfv the farther on and stopped for the winter, and blood-thirstappetites of our enemies. It that place was called Winter Quarters. There was the only chance, for the Saints to leave were several families by the name of Carter and go into the wildtrness, for stopped with us, so this place was called no longer live in 'Babylon and serve God. Cartersville, and beforo winter set in there A few families of us. I think about ten in were about twenty families settltd here and all, commenced our journey. We were not built log houses, also put up a log school as yet an organized company as they were house, which was also used for a meeting afterwards organized. We traveled on unhouse. It .was about two miles from this til we came near Council Blurt, and camped settlement where the Saints were called toone afternoon on what we called Mucquito gether as they were traveling, and a call Creek. , Our second son, aged eleven years was maae ior nve hundred voiunteers.whicn took his fish hook and line, as he was wont took all the men and left the to do when we stopped xJby a stream. He old and infirm and boys to take care of the fished for a while and came into camp with women and littfe ones, All that have read a nice string of fish, and said to his elder the of theChurch know all of these history brother, "Eli, you can have these .fish," circumstances, and how the Saints suffered then came to me and said, "0 mother, my that winter. Winter Quarters had now behead is so bad, it seems all on fire!" come a general tlace. Little did He was taken with a eevere attack of we think when stopping with our sick boy stopped ! so or course we had to ston that the Saints on their march would settle uramiever, traveling. We did everything we could in here and around about for the winter. LIFE AND fill-th- 7JUVLS OF NANCY M. .TRACY. e . th-riv- er, I Tl L-- 1 I L L-i- ." y they-icoul- d able-bodie- d 1 -- : R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS CO. 6971 Main Street, Salt Lake City- -- OUR SPECIALTY LADIES' .READY-TO-WEAOF EVERY DESCRIPTION! R GARMENTS TRY 'US 