? ; 16 WOMAN'S EX RONfeKT:' ' ' w , ' i V,7 .. ... . making a strong campaign, .vpijuucmn the argument that ' The evening, Friday; .fcily L 1910, "a de- Miss Jones are advancing she is too young for the place, but she is lightful reception was tendered to some, of Abraham Lincoln when the relatives and dear friends of Miss Emma answering, as did same thing was said about him in the Lucy Gates after her home coming, in the the it in Social Hall, in this city. The affair, was in early days of his career: 'Til outgrow time. - the hands of a committee hut was tendered to her by her father and mother, Brother New York, reAt and Sister Jacob F. dates. It .was a very cently the women voted, regardless of their pleasant informal gathering and quite dis- previous attitude on the questiorf of suffrage. The tinctive from social parties generally. Under an old village ordinance women met she was) such of honor really (for guest property owners are entitled to vote in electhe guests with a simplicity of manner and tions, where appropriations are to be authorcordial 'greeting that one rarely finds in ized. Hitherto the privilege has never, been young men and women, who have studied exercised, but" when ""Hie project to "vote and traveled alroad and received great apmomy4or sewers, street improvements and plause and adulation from appreciative school buildiHgs was to)e decided, the woaudiences and whose names and fame have men turned out in force. So well did they been heralded abroad in the public press. work and vote that every proposal was Miss (Jates evidently loves her mountain carried, and some $300,000 will be expend She is full home and her native country. ed for of the enthusiasm of her vocation and deThe most approved election methods were termined to attain rfto the greatest possible utilized Automobiles and by the women. excellence in the musical world for which took them to the polls and a woshe is studying, and is even now taking part carriages man at the booths instructed each voter in the Royal Opera at Berlin. how to cast her ballot. Ex. TheSojial Hall is a favorite place for fes- carefully tivities, and "this occasion was no exception; Mrs. Julia Ward Howe testified recently a sweet, gentle spirit pervaded the .party, before the Massachusetts legislative comand the hours Mew swiftly by. After the mittee which is investigating the milk formal greetings prayer was offered and question. lief steps were uncertain as she Olive's band played the choicest pieces of entered the large hearing room, but she demusic. Elder Jacob Gates came forward clined a chair offered by the committee. and made an address cf welcome, explainStanding at the end of the witness table, ing the nature of the entertainment and why honored by an exemption from the oath it was given, Miss Gates only had a brief which is administered to all other witnesses leave of absence from the Royal Opera Comshe entered her plea for pure milk. It was pany at Berlin where she was playing-- , and a plea largely in behalf of the children. "It it meant so much to her to visit her home seems to me a most important object," she and see a numher of her people, and so on. said, which commends'itself to all good Later on Miss (Jates herself made a brief citizens. It a matter of life, and dea' statement and gave the company a warm There is no is substitute for milk in the rear welcome, and then in her dainty fashion of children. There are ?everal partiei ing sang two of the sweetest characteristic songs to the situation, and I think the principal that touched every heart. e want party is the child in the cradle. aweet etc. Sing bird, this matter settled on the ground of justice' Shells of the ocean. and mercy, and it ought not to take very how 4'0, delightful, 0 how entrancing." long to settle what is Just to all parties and These songs, familiar in days gone by what is merciful to one (the infant). I do and sung by sweet singers who are now iro want that those who produce this food for more, and we thought it most kind of her to us should have suitable compensation. Justsing in her pathetic but wonderful rich voice ice to all parties let us stand on that." full of sweetness and exquisite melody "the dear old songs." The suffragists have won another victory $ There was dancing by the younger set in Sweden. Parliament lately broadened who. seemed to thoroughly enter into the the basis of municipal suffrage for both men spirit of merriment, and yet at the close a and women, and in doing so they accidenttinge of sadness that perhaps it would be ally broadened it for women. a little more than they had intended. The. municipal long years before they met again,, rememvpte had been limited almost entirely to bering the words of the poet: 'In readjusting for both men and women, the qualifications the bill was go worded as to make it posi. bid for any married woman with a small income to get her name placed on the register Thereupon a by paying a voluntary tax. to member opposed equal sufTrage introduced ah innocenMooking bill to exempt married women with an income of less than The effect of it 200 kroner from taxation. would have been to moke it impossible for married women with small incomes to vote The women discovered "the joker." The Swedish National Suffrage Association, which has 164 local branches and more than 11, 000 members, held a meeting of protest, and sent to every member of Parliament a letter urging that the municipal rights of Swedish women ought Pot to be curtailed just when Norway had made municipal sufThe Lower frage for women universal. House voted down the bill unanimously. In the Upper House it was amended and then passed, but when it came up for final action, by the two houses sitting jointly, it was decisively defeated. Thus, though the married women with small incomes got their municipal vote by inadvertence, the Parliament which has just adjourned decided deliberately to let them keep it. f ingle women and . llastings-on-IIudso- needed-improvements- xf , "widows,-- - n, - . non-representati- ve resident of Hull House, Chicago, received on June Dr. Alice Hamilton, a long-tim- e 30, the honorary degree of Master of Arts from the University of Michigan. Until recently she was assistant to Dr. Ludwig Hek-toe- n head of the Memorial Laboratory for tht Study, of Infectious Diseases. She is a graduate of the medical department of the University of Michigan, and has made i peciai studies of. the universities and at the Institute at (and Leipzig Her contributions to medical litera- ure have given her distinction in the medi , cal profession. St' "bj-Muni- ch School of Nurses and Obstetrics An "It DR Will opsn in Salt Lake City, on Monday, September ly, School in Obstetrics will start Monday, October 10, ........ may be for years and it may be for ever." During the party light refreshments were served in the dining room below. Miss Gates left the city soon after to rest and rusticate in the canyon a day or two after the party, and while at Brighton gave Since then she has sailed a fine concert. for Europe to resume her studies in Berlin. Miss Gates has a brilliant career open before her, and her friends at home are looking forward to the future with "great expectations" of her standing at the head of the musical. profession, in culture and development of the human voice. May this sweet singer attain to the highest expression of this divine art in the songs of Zion. E.B.W. NOTES AND NEWS. Mis3 Mildred Jones-,- a pretty and - and OBSTETRICS will open " Oct- ober r years a practicing ... .- y - R. K. " v , HARGARET C. ROBERTS, M. D., 79 C. Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. Bell Phone 2002. THOMAS DRY GOODS GO OUR SPECIALTY .,' For further information write to UTAH. 6g 171 : . and obstetrics. .. . . . For seven years Instructor of the Latter-da- y Saints Relief Society School of Nurses. . . . j. - phy- sician in Salt Lake City. . . . Twenty years has taught nursiDg Address: 713 SECOND AVE., SALT LAKE CITY, suc- cessful young school teacher of Tulsa, OkM is the Republican candidate for superintendent of schools in Tulsa county, and js J. 10, IOIO. 1910. . . Dr. Margaret C. Roberts is a graduate of the Woman's Medical College of Pennsylvania. . . . . . Twenty-fiv- e Dr. Ellis R. Shipp's SCHOOL in NURSING ROBERTS' SCHOOL OF NURSING ... ,v' .;, Main Street, Salt Lake City. ladies ready-to-wea- r garments OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. TRY US .;. u 