NJ-- J. i .X PON ENT. S Nib-le- y, w'omans Exponent EMMEL1NE B. WELLS, Editor and Publisher ANNIE WELLS CANNON, AtsiaUint Editor. : Published monthly in alt Lak' City, ix month. ;0 rts. (,n copy oue year, 11.00; on copy r deliv.-mby No.reductiou mlc for club. City tH. 2'M m!l, estra fur H.tge onw lines of Advertising rate; Kwh s.juan, t.n A lib.-r.i- l fci.OO. r month, spare (me time 2.50; discount to regular advertisers. -- iid Hishop -Exponent office room 2a and . B iimih"! bourn from liuilding, 40 North Miu Stm-t10 a. m. to 5 K ni., every day, etcept Sunday. Address all business communication to Mrn. K. B. UTLLS. Salt Lake Citv, li tam. I'talw-UIerJiJ- ." -- i r, nun-j.ari- tlr "., Hi Entered at the Pout Office in Salt hike City. ' second flnnii matter. Salt Lake City, Utah. THE BISHOP'S Fkukuaky, tah 1910 BUILDI-Nd- The very handsome and substantial new building erected during the last year or so, opposite the Salt Lake Temple, has recently been completed, and on Thursday, January 27, 1910, the entire building was dedicated. The Dedicatory services were under the direction of the First Presidency of the Church. Invitations in the form of a plain, neat little booklet were sent to the guests. On the title page appeared the following: "The First Presidency request your presence at the Dedicatory Services of the Bishop's Building, on Thursday evening January , nineteen hundred and ten, twenty-seventh- (Signed) Joseph F. Smith, JohnJt. -- Winder,.Anthon H. Lund. The booklet contained a minature picture of the building, with small photos of the First Presidency, the President of the Quorum of the Apostles, the President of the First Council of Seyenty,the Presiding Bish- opric, and the President of the Church Board of Education, The President of the Relief Society, and the President of the Y. L. M. I. A. and the President of the Primary Associations. Presiding Bishop C. W. Nibley was Master of Ceremonies. All the doors inside were thrown open, and those occupying rooms in the building assembled first in their respective apartments, and acted as special hosts and hostessei. The banquet was served on the 4thfloor in the elegant large hall precisely at ' six p. m. President Anthon H. Lund pronounced the blessing. ' Five long tables were filled with invited guests. The hall itself presented a very beautiful apperrance, the lights the flowers and the decorations" of banners and. flags had been tastefully arranged with an eye to color, beauty-an- d symmetry The menu was choice and not too elaborate, and the Master of Ceremonies was actively alert in the discharge of the duties of his office. While partaking cf the choice viands, the formal exercises of the evening' began First, a piano BolorProfrr Jr McClellarF then a brief address,President F. M. Lyman of theConncil of Apostles,- - vocal solo, Mrs! LizzieThomas Edward, address by President Seymour B. Young, of Ihe First Council of Seventy, piano solo, Professor E. P. Kim- - . ' . G. hall, ilfnlaTkv Presiding Bishop representing the Presiding Bishopric. adVocal foIo, Oear W. Kirkham, brief for the dress President Anthon II. Lund, . CanReligion Classes, piano eolo, Tracy of the B. non, President (ieo. H. Brjmhall, y X-- , Provo, representing the General Board of Church Schools in the absence of Professor Horace A. Cammings, vocal solo, Geo,. I). Pvntfry addressf Elder II. J. Grant for the (Jeneral Board Y. M. M, I. A, piano Walker. duet, Edna II. Coray and Orpah President Bathsheba W. Smith represented the General Relief Society in a few well chosen remarks, referring to its origin and her connection with it from the first day when it was organized by the Prophet interesting Joseph Smiths and; gave some ' incidents of those early times. Professor Evan Stephens followed with a vocal solo, and Mrs. Martha II. Tingey, repthe Y. L. M. I, AM spoke a few resenting ' words, mani(esting her appreciation of the location of the Association, and her desire to help forward the cause of improvement among the young women. Eider Hyrum M. Smith sang, by request that very touching hymn, "The Unknown Grave." President Louie Felt spoke very feelingly of the primary and fts work and expressed gratefully the interest taken in trie children of Zion. The hymn, "Come, come, ye Saints," response by President Joseph F. Smith, was very impressive and reminiscent of Nan-vo- o times, particularly, and though somewhat emotional, full of tenderness and gratitude. The need of a Historian's office, and the Genealogical SocietjyFiaving better quarH. ters was alluded to ) President-ALund and created considerable applause, and also when President Smith, in his adstructure condress said templated would be a Historian's office and Genealogical Society Building, which is .very much needed; altogether the speeches and 'remarks were most appropriate, and it is to be regretted that they were not taken in full by a stenographer, The Dedicatory prayer, expressed in sublime language, gratitude and thanksgiving to our Father in heaven for all blessings bestowed upon his people; and the dedication embraced every part and portion of the building; altogether the services were of the most historic character, ,and the building itself because of its beauty and perfection in architecture, will be a standing monument, memorable in future generations: The services closed by singing 'We thank Thee, O God,, for a prophet," and benediction by President F. M. Lyman. The souvenir booklet will be a reminder of the memorable event in which so many notable personages participated, which will mark the occasion as one of the red letter days in Mormon history. . the-next-C- hurch 4 ,. . j ... . - The name of Eliza R. Snow is familiar to all Latter-da- y Saints, at home and abroad and the work she accomplished, and even more the hvmns she h fl.f- writ tprv twill nake her fame a living link-ithe history of the "Mormon" people forever The one hymn, "O my Father," would, if she had written no other, Keep her memory green in the hearts of the Saints. The sisters in the Church; young and old, revere her memory, and accord her honor and gratitude. . f- n v. new headquarters in the Bishop's 'Building. It was the first social gathering in the Relief Society rooms, and only the members of the Board were present. A simple, but delicious repast was served on the large, round table in one of. the rooms adjoining the reception room, the only decorations being carnations and fern leaves. When all were seated, the venerable and gracious President of the Society called upon the secretary to ask the blessing. While seated at table tile company engaged in a delightful interchange of reminiscences of the lady whom they had met to honor. After the banquet the company repaired to the large reception room where the program prepared by a committee was rendered, Counselor Ida S. Dusenberry conducting the exercises. First, singing "O my Father," piano ac-- companiment Sister Amy B. Lyman Personal Reminiscences by the President. Bathsheba W. Smith, who gave a charming account of her introduction and first acquaintance with "Sister Eliza," the celSister Smith nee ebrated poet and author. Miss Bigler. knew of her celebrity as a contributor to the "Quincy Whig" a popular, newspaper in those early times, of woman newspaper writers she described her dress, lace veil, mitts, etc,, the fine embroidery being her own handiwork; and at the party or gathering where tl ey both attended, they were escorted by two brothers, Frank and Chancy Higbee, fine young men. Altogether the remembrances given by Sister B. .W. Smith were pleasing . and savored ..of the early days in Nauvoo. Reading from Sister Eliza's poems by Sister Clarissa S. Williams came next and was well chosen. It was a selection from Volume II, entitled "Confidence." A -- .. . Thoughts about Sister Eliza R. Snow, by Sister Jane S. Richards, who was not present, but sent a message saying that Sister Eliza had been everything to her, and she joined with us in honoring h;r memory. Question: "What particular trait ;n Sister Eliza's character appeals most to you? answered by Sister Sarah Jenne Cannon, "Her implicit faith in the Gospel, endurance and fortitude under trials, her great nobility and grandeur of character and remarkable mor-a- l courage hrstanding true to her convictions, even if she stood alone." : "Sentiment from Poem," Sister Carrie 3. Thomas gave a few lines from the poem, 'Evening Thoughts, or What it is to be a Saint." 1 Tt is no trifling thing to be a Saint In very deed, to stand upright nor bow, Nor bend beneath the heavy pressure of Oppressiyeness; to stand unpeathed amid The raging storm, of persecution, ete." ELIZA R. SNOW. '. her demise, to recognize in some way the anniversary of her birthday. On January ,21st, this year, the General Officers and members of the Board of Directors of the Relief Society met at their t The next on the program; "Relate some striking characteristics of Sister E. B. Snow," by Sister Julina L. Smith who was not present, and therefore excused. t Question: 'Do yo character unique among 'Mormon' women r Sister Emily S. Richards. ' Her remarks were mostly relative xto her acquaintance with Sister Eliza In her young married life, the encouragement she had given her to enter public affairs, and also to make use of spiritual gifts and blessings. I ' 