WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 54 . fsuiiiVed." The following Bitters- were sustained - to assist 'the.' Relief Esther C. Rogers, Society Stake Board: Millie Golightly, Chloe Howell, Margaret Dunkley, Addie Ixvc, and Sarah Fjelsted. A lecture on "Our boys and girls" was given by Stake President of the Y. L. M. I, A. LuelU S. Cowley; the principal topics treated wne, religious training, our child's wejre. unanimously - prr?mt;" among llicm Mrs. uicreua uuruem, Fome from New York City, poems letter?, toasts all flowers, birthday cakes, speeches, 'that love and reverence could do to honor this veteran woman. Again her 'Christmas was glorified by the the happy faces of pons and relatives .around festive hoard, and at the beautiful tributes of Christmas remembrances, useful, ornamental and unique, calendars, cards, tokens and skilled needlework by loving fingers. Notable volumes, Reminiscences, Memories, Kate Douglas Wiggins' latest; and H. G. Wells' first and last things autographed, brilliant bouquets and iloweiing "plants made a brilliant setting. Mrs. Severance closes her delightful letter from which I have culled these extracts with the following paragraph: "Tray think of me as encircled and protected in an atmosphere which is a continual cares of sweet tenderness; but looking out upon a world of wrong and misery, which the justice of "Man, the Social Creator, should remedy without delay. "Dated Jan. will should be. granted. ,anu l neg oi youmj and to sisters, to consider this matter well, warn other mothers who?e little, ones may fore it h too late. No matter how. great the trial may be to part with the little ones, it is i t r better to allow our nea pnlv Father to take them home if He wishes to do so. than to keep them here in bondage by our wilful dein mds, and thus bring years of punishment not only on ourselves but on the child also. When I see children so alliicted I often wonder if the parents are to blame by reason You know "the sins of their wilful prayers. of the parents shall be visited upon.ihe chil-- consultation in home afTairs, gaining the love. and confidence of children. Response, Mary Henderson. Vocal duet, Sisters Thomas and Johnson. A lecture, "Our Little Ones," was given i President of the Primary Association. Topics treated, Primary work, assisting the children to love the Gospel. Sister Cutler sang "Our Work is by Lucy I). dren." -- Response, Sister Barbara Ballif, Elder Joseph Belnap spoke on "How we should conduct our iives." President George C. Parkinson spoke on the study of our children's dispositions, our teachings to them, influence of a good home, and invoked the blessings of God on the mothers. p Solo, Myrtle Brimhall. Cf.lia A. Smith. '2, r.im. THY WILL BE DONE." President Louisa B. Benson made closing remarks and prayed the mothers would try to better their lives. Singing, "May we know the joyful sound." Benediction President George C. Parkinson. R. 5. REPORTS. There is a matter of great importance that I would like to call the attention of my sisters to, and that is, the necessity of being willing to say "Thy will be done," when we pray; and will tell you of some circum stances that have come under my own ob- e with the Children." We may pray as earnestly as we wish, that the child mny be spared, or for any other blessing, but must always be willing to add, "Nevertheless, not my will but thine be done." Then we are on the safe side, and if our Heavenly Father thinks best to leave the child with us it will doubtless grow-uin proper condition, both physically and mentally. Cutler,-Stak- ONKIUA STAKE. at Preston, Idaho, Phebe A. M. McNeil. Sec. in a the Oneida Stake Relief Society met l with President conference, JUAB STAKE. B. Benson Louisa presiding. servation. One member of the Stake Hoard excused. Minutes of a conference of the Juab Stake of while class Years ago, little, Singing. teaching a Minutes. Singing. Organizations Relief Society held in the Tabernacle Sepones in Sunday School, a tember 17, 1909, President Unity Chappeli represented. girl about eighteen years of age came with Address of welcome, counselor Hannah President Chappelle said she presiding. them, but never answered a question, for Mickelson. was pleased to meet with the sisters in anshe had no intellect. She, had rosy cheeks A report of the late General Relief Society other conference, and while there were but and her eyes were bright in a way but she Conference was given President Benson. by had no mind. Thrnrnjpal subject5 Averecare of childrenr for the Lcrd had promised tfrat where few It w as my curtoin q sitii. of liome sanitation, business methods in the meet in His name there He would be to the children in my class, and while so doing home, and home manufacture. bless them. She was grateful to the Bishops Special atthe mother of this girl told me about her. tention was drawn to President F. f'.r their presence and for the visiting sisters, Joseph She said: "When this girl was a little child Smith's earnest desire for the welfare of our Emma S. WoodrufT and Minnie H. James, she had a very sick spell and seemed likely children, and his exhortation to prayerfully whom she knew would be glad to be here. to die, but she was bright and winsome and and watchfully care for them. Stated all the wards had been represented I felt that I could not give her up, and that" The following organizations reported their but one. Prayed the choicest blessings on (J od would be very unkind to take her from held regularly, average attendmeetings all. me. I was not willing to pray 'Thy will be ance increasing. Mother's work successful, President Sarah A. Cazier reported the done,' but insisted that the child should be sick and needy taken care of Clifton, Fair-vieFirst Ward of Nephi as being in a prosperspared to me." And she added, "My prayer Oxford Franklin, Whitney, the four ous condition; paid a great tribute to the was answered; the child was spared, but her wards of Preston and Weston, all exceptteachers and her board in general; stated intellect was taken, and this has been my ing, the last six have their wheat they had sold their wheat, and in doing so named, punishment ever "since." She .said they well cared for in granaries, those having sold they had made 230 bushels of wheat, and never dared to leave the girl alone nor to let have their out at interest. The last they were always on the alert to have the her go any place alone, as they never knew named has money 25 busheTs in granary, the balwheat in the bins and not the money. She what might happen, for though she was well ance of money out at interest. All branches tried always to take care of everything. She developed physically, she had no mind and reported as ready to, begin the new outlines was well pleased with her Bishop, he was a no intelligence. for mother's work in January. good, kind father to her, and they worked in Here is another circumstance which has Organ solo, Jennie Tanner. unity and love. .:...,.--just come to. my knowledge while taking Stake Treasurer's report read and apPresident Elizabeth Bigler prayed that the care of a family all down with the measles. proved. A boy nine years old was almost helpless, Spirit of God would be with her to give a -- President L. B. Benson spoke on punccorrect report of the Second Ward of Nephi. even when well. He could not raise himthe uses of an emergency box, cartuality She self nor turn over in bed, and could not talk thought they had a noble band of workfor and. storing of wheat, also the visits ing ers, and were doing good wherever, they' plain, nor read, nor walk without falling, of our local sisters.to the Y. L. M. A. I. could. President Mortensen reported the and theie was no chance that he would ever and Associations. Primary Advised each Levan Ward. be like other; children. I asked. his mother to select at leasMix sisters to act as society Choir if he had always been that way, leaders one day . sang: "Home, Sweet Home' in the mother's work,4hese sisters to Sister Woodruff said she had traveled and she said, "No, only since a spell of be changed two at a time, every great deal but had never had the privilege typhoid fever that he had five years ago." ...... I said to hen "When you of meeting with the sisters here before. She prayed that he and Singing, .benediction A. M M by had raised her lamily and was now raising might recover did you iusist that he be Neil. , miidren of her son who died in Mexico. She spared to you?" IHer reply was, "Yes, but Afternoon session: Sindn?. I would never do it again. I thought then hrst duties Were to onr hn shares and of the year's wnrL- rif v,a T?. Report ing. could I that our homeland children, realized this- was a not give him up." I have often thought since knowing of the her Society of the Stake given by Linda noble work, had noticed there were not N. Benson. The General and Local officers many young women here, and urged the Presi- -- well-develope- On October ,'JO, 190!), semi-annua- d -- the-mothe- rs w, ' . six-months- . - ' . , It-Q- Ur - - -- " 