'NT NT 1 : as for as fhe All was order and cheer there, for many years too. had power to make it bo, and d Etrnr-fnccircumunder '"the most, trying and mv. UJ . jut-- t .She partook with herfhildrerun their amueeinents, accompanying thlin, and always but pleasnreB, encouraging them in harmlr them to parto refusals allw striet in her mot d in the leapt ebe.coneid'rc in anything ticipate of nine chilthe miliar was Questionable. 'She dren, six daughters and three Mns, four daughters Mirviving her, Mrs. Kuhn.ia lUirnham, Bertha and Mary Kugenie Iaviif, and Mrs. Kuby They Hoden, and four little grairichildreri. cherish the memory of .a mother who ft-- before them a 'living example of. faith and faithfulness, of ever willing .services." the jvork of the Lord, and of uncomplaining trust under all circumstances. t OBITUARY. In memory of Nancy S. 3'cttrfcon of Ferron, I'J.' 1010. IV- who denarted this life Annl Utah, I in was bom ceased Kphraiifl, Sanpete County. Utah, July L'l, 1S57. She was the daughter of HiBhopJ. L. Black and Cynthia Allrtd Black. She was married to Andrew l'eterton Nov. 1875, at Kanosh, Millard County, and moved to Ferron in 1895. She leaves a husband and eleven children to mourn her loss, fcl a bout of friends. The officers of the Ferron Uelief Society offer the following resolutions of Respect : Hesolutions of respect to the memory of Sifter Nancy S. IVtenon, a member and teacher of the Ferron Helief Societv.who departed this life April f L'-'- 12. HMO. " OliveOi.skn, Sec. R. S. REPORTS. 1 1 1 taining and ajsisting.the Betterment League which has for its purpose tne redemption oi our boys and girls. Brayed the Lord to help us to sustain His authority on the earth attend to all our duties, and especially of attending our Sacrament meetings that we might be strong spiritually. Solo. "Behold the King of Glory," Sister Elizabeth Hickenlooper. Dr. Joseph B. Morrell of Ihe High Council spoke on "Influence, and the Besponai-bilitof fathers and mothers in regard to the teachiug of their boys and girls the laws pertaining to sex and social purity, and demanding the same standard of purity of both sexes" We have been too prudish on this subject and have failed in our duties to our offspring. Trusted that we might think on the things that have been touched upon for they are of vital importance. Counselor Foulger felt that the teachings With all given this day were very timely. our opportunities what manner of women ought we to be? ls us see to it that we fail not in our duties. . Let us teach our chil- dren the tinners thev ought to leam from us and let our own lives be quiet eermons every i tint diameter tpqrhe (In ' over cur After singing the Doxology the bene diction was pronounced by Sister Ruth B. Evans. There was a large attendance and the Spirit of the Lord was with us in rich abundance. Nellie Becraft, Secretary. y ' Whereas, after a long aid severe illness, .our worthy aad beloved Sister fm been called home to our Heaevnly Father; Therefore, be it resolved, that we. the Sifters of the I'elief Society do sincerely sympathize with the bereaved family, and Y'j mourn for one who was in every respect worthy of our love and esI teem; in her death we rem-iujthe Resolved," that loss of a true saint and a faithful worker, and hough she has Iqt us for a hhort time, yet we know that all :s well wither, for she has fought tht good fight and hwkenf the faith, anoVthere is a crown of richteousneAi awaitint? her in the Kingdom of (Jod. She has gone to a t mi sweet,' To all the faitfui giVii. O, may we learnt thrmjh earthly life. The same gweV't bliss hi Heaven. May her deroted hie orj earth, Of patience. hcPe ad love, dd us to train thatiize of orth From Him wholes above. Resolved that the 'resolutions be placed on the record of the Relief Societ and a copv be sent to ' her bereaved family. M. J. King, Pres. ; , - g -- ! ... ao r. n , rwlnlrroM eocun J iuuu.hvv. in snaking At 2 p. m. the conference was again called together After the usual owning exercises, Sister Nellie Becraft gave a short talk .on "The Significance of the Organization of the Belief Society, its Purpose and its Aims.' Elder Samuel G. Dye of the High Council spoke on "Inspiration and Social Evils" showing the power the sisters of the Belief Society might be in checking the evils that nr in nnr midst, bv being united and sus i stances.' F - Ariociation; and hartHKTftiMpnirto sUv! Christmas.' .,1 .. anu , NEBO STAKE. The Quarterly Conference of the Nebo Stake "Belief Society w?s held at Payson Second Ward meetinghouse on Friday March 2o, 15)10. Conference convened at 10 a- m., President Eliza J. Dixon, presidf ing. After the usual opening exercises President Esther Potter of Payson Second Ward made a few opening remarks and welcomed all t4) our conference. President Dixon made a brief response; said she hoped we would do our work better in the future than we Had in the. past. Cradle song by eight little girls from Payson Second Ward.' President Holt of Spanish F.crk gave in her report; much sick- neys 111 lne ward 'Junng the. winter. We are " building a new granary; jnasmuch as we do our duty the Lord will bless Us Sister Roach reported Spanish Fork Second Ward, and spoke on the missionary fund. Sister Jones gave in a report of Spanish Fork Third Ward, - all doing their duty; sent all - (HU)ENjtakk; The Relief Society g Ogden stake of Zion held its quarterNyconference in the Relief Society Hall ati )gden, Utah, April The mornfng session convened 21, 1910. at 10 o'clock. Counselor Isabel Foulger presided and conducted the exercises The roll call showed a g6odly, attendance of stake and local officers and workers, After V-th- . : thp Cowles gave a most excellent talk on The Children's Sabbath" with ji view of making it a pleasant, and yet withal a holy day. A very spirited.discussion followed, led by Sister Nellie BeeYaft, and participated in by both stake and local workers. Items of .General Belief Soeiety" Conference, by Sister Nellie Becraft. a solo "Char-- ity" by LSister Emily Maddock and a few cnoice remarks tyr exfesideht Mary J, Maycock of Pleasant View ward occupied the whole of the morning session.! The congregation sang "Love at Home,'' and the benediction was pronounced. During the period between meetings simple refreshments were served to all present, - . i . R. -- V- - 1 I from, (he ward $1(T each for Sister Dixon read a letter from Sister Bathsheha W. Smith in which ahe nerids greetings to all the Ielief. Society sisters. President Mary A. Bingham reported Bensaid-thfirst jamin ward Belief Society anJ organization .of Belief Society in foreign countries was in Denmark, also spoke of the duty of the Belief Society and- bore ier testimony. Becitation by Sister Elishbaugh, entitle I, 'Over the Hills to the Poor House.'.' President Pace made 'some very timelv remarks, said he felt to rejoice in the work of the Lord.1 we are all His children and engaged in His workt He ii the giver of all good, He has given us our own free agency, but has not left us without instructions. We are given the quorums and different organizations, and it would.be well if our sisters would become active laborers in the Belief Society. Sisters need the help of the Belief Society as well as the Relief Society needs them. Young sisters. would be greatly blessed if they would take up the work and would have plenty to do both social and otherwise; we could work for temperance in Relief Society as well as in other societies. We should ask the Lord to direct us; our first counselor should be the Spirit of God. exerSister Dixon was pleased with-thAfter cises given in the morning session. singing and benediction, conference adjourned until 2 p, m. Afternoon session: Conference reconvened at 2 p. m., President Eliza J. Dixon presiding. Singing, prayer, singing and other exercises. President Dixon spoke ot the subjects we are taking up in our Relief Society meetings and- Brother Creer spoke to the conference on Parent?' Class work which we are taking up in our Relief Society meetings. Spoke of the necessity of this work for the betterment of the rising generation and of the influence of the mother on the child, and other subjects taken up in the Parents' Class work. Song by Sister Wood entitled "To Me Dear Heart You are Never Old.", Song by nine little boys of Payson Second Ward. Brother Brockbank spoke for a short time, on the amusements of our young people and how to control them, recommended having entertainments in our homes, have, them start early and close early, spoke of pleasure-seeking on the Sabbath day, especially buggy riding; said parents should take part in all socials and their influence would be - I e - for good- Sister Evans talked a short time on Sab- referred to the ten command-"ment- s also to the commandments given to the Latter-daSaints; referred to a revelation given to Joseph Smith in sec 59 Doc. and Co v. Sister Dixon made a few closing remarks. Sister Elsie Kerr was presented and sustained as Second "Counselcr in the "Nebo Stake Relief Society. After Doxology and benediction conference adjourned for three months. E, A. Hawkins, Cor. Sec' Nebo Stake Relief Society. bath-breaking- , y - nUMAo DRY GOODS CO. 676971 OUR SPECIALTY Main-Stre- ladies' Salt Lake City. garments tpv "v tic DESCRIPTION. et, ready-to-wea- OF EVERY r - 