f , was 1 MieniM. Fiajfi..;a LVl'S. T uiujicjp i i ;iu .' , w.it til in',:, ' r' t IP KM J , I. (, ,r. n m. ",r,m: : w teeii years old: the team to dm stock, husband nick and baby in my arms, it was worse, than it wan ,in .. erasing the Salt Lake plains for me. Whm we got City," we stopped for a month hnd then The towns wire nearly all moved on. vacated."" We got ay Tar a Pro vo,. and my husband had three paralytic stroke.-:- , but in a few days we traveled on with him, got as far as' I'ayson and could go no further with him. We camped and built a shade with willows, to break olT the hot aim by day and'the dew by.night. In tlii.s '.situation I remained with him day after day, not ex Jane Cilvin, pecting he would 'live. a widow, with her family, was camped near by. She usd to help me when she could These were trying times and hard times. My children, too, were getting destitute of clothing, but I did not allow myself to murmur or complain. My husband 'said if he couldlive to see his family i' their home once more he would be willing then to die, and the Lord granted him the desire of his heart, for there had been a compromise made with the army, and they were to pass through and go to their quarters peaceably, and word came that ali "could go hack to their homes. We did not stay long after this message came, but took my sick husWe got thert band and started for home. on. the fourth day of July, and were truly thankful to get to a place of rest. My hus- band was so glad to get back that he revived and went around the pi ice to look after things, and tried to save some volunteer wheat, for that was all that grew on the place in this year. He kept around until th&-- let of .August, then '.vac prostrated and never rallied agiin,.and died on the 2oth of the same month, ISoS. His sufferings were Our very great until death relieved him. eldest son was not at home and did not know of his father's der.th.- There were only three wagons to go with me to bury him. The people had but few of them returned from the move south. I felt very lonely and worn down, but God strengthened me in my afflictions, as He ever had in all my sorrow, and made me euaLto every task in all our married life, which had been twenty-eigh- t years. We had been mobbed and driven from place to place. The longest we had ever lived in one place was in Nauvoo; we lived there eight years,, before our expulsion from We moved twice while there, but it was to better our condition.. In two or three we'eks after I buried my husband my Utile girl.now one year old, was taken very sick,arid I thought for a while that she would follow her fathefr It seemed that my cup of sorrow was running over, but the rd iiearamy prayers, and she was raised . - . ? .Sb-to- I r ()I II IV. in,: thi-n,- K.inFl sold twenty dollars worth ,;, bl..a3. ICU Mil ht OUr COMlI ., ,r h""""' Had to . , ,, 1 . i - allowance t ... :0, 'n.ior iy my iiujw.uw o Lnt f,-,- r l.will-- - ness and death, and not raising anything on account of the move to the south, we were left in cloe circumstance?. to put in ' Spring came again wbat".eed I could get, it was very hard to I borrowed some wheat to sow by get seed. .giving interest, and got along, the best I Hard times could' under the circumstances. stared iv in the face, until harvest came.' r This was new to mq, to have to manage I was not equal to the task, affairs. my eldest son had a family of his own to take care of, and the one left to help me was only fifteen years old, and was all the help I had; consequently, as my husbands brother's farm adjoined mine, he proposed looking after our interests and working the farm. I consented to this proposition, and was married to him for time, April, 1SC0. I felt this would release me from so great a care and responsibility as I had resting upon me. I felt completely worn' down with toil and hardship,' of which my whole life had been-madup.. After embracing the Gospel itdiad been one continual .scene of persecution and sacrifice of our property, from our first gathering with the Saints in Kirt-lanOhio. Sometimes I felt I could n.,t endure any more, and then the Heavenly Father would strengthen me and I felt to be dren may read with some degree of Interest not a hundiviM, historv. although short this -- " ij part hath been told. Farewell. - r - - - - - out-doo- j .MISSIONARY EXPERIENCE. (Continued from page , d. -- llli-noi- s. -- y , ! i.i . HU(i'v humble and priyerful, knowing that God's people always had to suffer persecution. I felt that my religion was more to me than all the world mjght be, and I felt determined to live &it, let come what would, Through all my sufferings I never doubted, but felt to clinto the Gospel, as also to encourage others all in my power to do the I also felt to teach my same family the of the true and everlasting Gospel, principles to listen to and obey the counsels of the Lord s anointed, In September, 1861,1 had a daughter born . I was now fortv this second husband. by four years of age and broken down in health, but, with the help of God, was enabled to attend to my household duties and take care of my children, besides making what home wear I could to' clothe them. It is a marvel to me now, when I look upon my past life, my journeying in poverty, persecution, sacrifice and suiferings, midst sickness and death, I say, I marvel that I am alive today to tell the tale, and x it is more than the power of mortal man that has sustained and preserved me ;o see 1885 ushered in. It is truly a day that is great with events, and none but the Irue Latter-daSaints understand the signs of the times and the fulfillment of prophecy on the earth. The wicked are skying the wicked, the earthquakes, destruction by sea and by landcollisions of lap xrars on railroads and nation ' rising against x uuvi ictcicu icucio liuixiv in y son, iVlQsmm as has been told us Jianon, by the prophets iah, who had been gone two f years. 'I not those who will oH I gave me hi address-an"?' tak?,up his latherrV deatK .UKl.hW he9!d will come true, for the Latter-daThis Saints about him. He wrote to me that he would win oe tne only people at peace, and wil come home, 'if his life was.spa-redbut he has never come, and whether dead or alive, I Know not vvmtervas approaching, my children des- uiuie oi ciotmagyiind but little .to feed them on; I did jiot know what to do. I ' had my haycut, and had more than stock would consume. I had a chance my to OUR sell some for shoes and store SPECIALTY LADIES' pay, which 1 -' I fit us up enemies are tnresmnB. ii into shred and are and Hatred. town rds the u 0f. animosity the wicked KingUpu oM o , anu truly jvin . e th npon mourn. rn Uut whsn we rp all these. things taking place, we knoTytU ana tne Jvinguom oi uod frill enis near prevail, therefore let us : be firm and true for it must needs be that ofTenqes come, but woe to them by whom they come. I will irow make an end of my narrative, "f been-saiiUt- hat word-fflMee-toion- ? y , ! t oS) Even the landlady, who feared our going through her belongings, came in for a farewell. She was a rough woman, but an honest one. Her husband" had joined the volunteers for Africa (it was thelime of the Boer war) and. left her to provide for herself and two children," except what the city paid to her. She had become a friend; attended the meetings, and said, "If any in the earth have the truth, you have." Her people persuaded her that she could do better to go out to do day work, leaving her children with them. Thus they accomplished their desire, and the missionaries had to find All this is past now; some other lodgings. day she may come into the fold. Only one we did not go to see. She was a little woman who had at .first been very kind. When the writer caught her dress in one of the old English styles, and fell, her limb afterwards becoming nearly black, so much was .it bruised from ankle to knee, she had tenderly bathed and soothed it with healing ointment. But neighbors poisoned her mind, told her that even from across the street, I had, they could see, tipped the i i too iar over, ana mirror oi the dresser "made her house look ever eo." So, filled by the hate that the adversary of souls inspires, she had turned us into the street, while she foamed at the mouth and shook like an aspen leaf, afterwards being ill in ,bed for six months. "Why did you not tell us you had such things to endure?" I was afterwards asked. "What would be the use' of telling that which you could not understand? As we ride in the train to Huston Station, we think of a man whom we invited to attend this Conference in London. He had read th tracts., and being a- - builder, had desired to see the manner of houses in Utah. We had taken the pictures for him to see. . He was much interested. "But come to London," we said, ."hear the presiding auth- ' orities talk." "Do you think I would be safe to come " there?" he asked. . t How before t" long .people will understand Utah and the Mormons? v Lypia D. Alder. p a 4 m ;.. .. -- J - R. K. THOMAS DRY GOODS GO. 676971 Main Street, Salt Lake City. READY-TO-WEA- R OF EVERY DESCRIPTION. GARMENTS TRY US 