1 ' WOMNS EXPONENT; -- inviting all to attend, and with tho permission of Bishop Evan3. Miss E. R. Snow would organize the young ladies. In the evening according to appointment meeting openedjn vthe usual: way; after 5 "Refercncejiabeen made, to Which Mrs Rebecca S tandring. was appoint- i'SiSrhi. jri spoke., of tfe: object .of K R&Snow Miss ! these organizations, and referred to the time when President Young requested her to organize the youngladies inlSaltfXake Ci ty. Spoke with pleasure of the steady advancement of those who had stood firm to their integrity from the first; :J Said it was the privilege of the young to ' have a knowledge of ihe Gospel ahdenjoyZ its - blessings as well "as their parents, and by uniting in an associatiojLthey would in:; wisdom and l s and cultivated daughters ;0f c Zionsettng ' an example before the young men worthy 7 . of .imitation. ; v.: :;;r;; n ,4;i . was their to Said the it ypnng brethren, v place, tojead, but Inasmuch as they had not .done...' so : inlthis matter, 'jshejlhoped- they - would follow, and improve the the good opportunity they now had tb store their minds with useful knowledge; and get a testimony of the truth of this , work for themselves and not wait until they were sent on missions " to preach, for if they did they ywbuld not 1 only experience mortification-themselves- ' - Miss Orinda Davis, President, Y ;:,,. Barbara .Evans, ' ; Sarah Tery ussou , . VSarah , Wardies, . Counselors Mrs. Lizzie Barns,.; it '.'Miss Sarah IT Wardles 'Si: ' Lizzie vSmith, tJ '' Sarah Taylor, Secretary,' " Christio'Gadly, Assistant Secretary. ' . Seventy-nin- e young ladies rwere' admit-te- d as members by unanimous vote. .. . Miss E. R. Snow then spoke with great poyer and edrnestneSjS blessed the young ja-- . bless them and indies and asked God-tspire them to do right, She .was followed by'Bishop Evans, who , expressed in the movement, and his willingness to organize the young gentlemen ;, similarly Mr& ilary'S.'; pno,; made soni$x& 'jriark's exhorting the young sisters to "ira. .,. . . prove.thexr privileges.. Benedictioa by : El-dMeeting adjourned.;' " ; ? -- 7 o his-pleasur- . e, , 4 , . er Is'real , ' ''. ; -- p?" ''' iEvan;? Rebecca "Standeing, Secy. ' f 1 - in-dust- thliSd. . 3dghjroH0-- me prouuciion3.issuvuiwi ;ityhe'oiwaValso'notedas ' . of, Boston, as shp conducted draper: the Boston News Letter, the. first ' unaided, ; regular ndwspaper published Mh America. She wasmot one of :the Republican wonien, however, and when the 'British evacuated 'Boston she 'went to England, vfhere she a'p'ension frbnt the government. ; , In the light of these iiicts, now matters of tho history, let us'hbt Olajm for thiijlecado ihtb the honor of having introduced women themfor "printing office. Women opened! "field of selves; this extensive and worthy ' atlabor, and thb sticcess which has always tended their efforts s the best prdof of their capacity as printers, publishers, and journalists: Roweirs Newspaper Reporter. rp-ceiv- ed 7pub-lishe- : . ; ; 1 -- "' - - 742r--Th- i- -!- h, - : All-powerf- ul last'mohth I see;Dutcb; womanirnako him; the Great Spirit want noDutchman help him.' " n Mrs. published a paper diamsburg,! Virginia in 1774. It favored ; the Crown, and lived but a short time.f Mrs Boyle was a good printed, however, and fully I understood her business. rria Elizabeth the death after .Mrs. Timothee, ; of her husband in 1773, continued publlh--in- g tho Gazetto in Charleston,- S. C. . She . conducted it for two years,when, her son bc- coining of age, she passed it oyer to him. j ;-. From all accounts, the early, women printers in the United States were; ,as remarka- le at-W- il, , -- -f- 1 PART OF A LETTER. : , -- d tie as joumuli6t. in tber more mechanical work of publishing. f In all the; records of thoso days, it s'in no instance hinted that the newspapers 'were not- fully as well asj ; - Mar-gar- e ? 1 : jp thorough prin'er and a so veiro and ' accurate .proof reader. iiention should perhaps be made of d; , ry s 1 when tBoNDiT&;oN:iaxatipn;pubi Itfpam-- . phlet form Is a' book which should be care- fully read and pondered upon bymen and women.' He cites pfilcial report made by tho Mass.lLegalion1 Ih 1.871.;' Showing Vthat women, paid oheelovehth part of the entire property tax in that year. - HoTiai written boldly and and ably in xlefenso - of women ; and ho deserves tho. highest praise for the -- firm: stand he has taken. ' Ho takes for,' the ,basUoft his .'arguments the Declaration Qf .Rights adopted by .Mass.- in 1770 and proves conclusively that women iwere not only included in tho word "People" but in the word "Men." -' -- appointed printer to the State!of New, ork; the only woman re: corded as ever ; Last mentioned; but not least in merit and 'reputaiion is' Mrs. Jane;tkinj? This lady, "at the (leath' "of her father in'Bpston in 1802, continued his businesAwith a' talent, and remarkablo even among women of ' tho revolutionary period; Her fame, was after Cpngrp ? ryices , Hsher; Mrs. Holt, was R. perseded the British government; ho ap- Ijijointed Goddird Comptro he w of IRoadsir-Whil- e lii public mattejra,vhis sister conductedthe f affairs Of the printing houso with marked Jj" ability, being able to personally perform tho duties of a thoroilgn;printerj '.wniIefremain nuclear-sighteorderly aluir energetic in Ifer management of the Duslhess.f t; T Franklin entered the printing office yJinrAhne 1632- .- Her husband;' James Franklin, (brother of Benjamin) established himself in Ne wpor t j R. I. ; i n tha t year bu t h p J d i ed I soon after, and his widow tcarriect on the : busi ness successfully for" many years; Sh e d became Printer to the Colony, and offices pamphletSj supplied the public with? blanks of all kinds, and also carried on a general publishing business. The New- -por t Mercu ry ; now f regularly "issued' gre w s out of this printing ofiico in 750, ; and is, ; with one exception, the oldest newspaper :lnthe country iln 1755 Mri Franklin "printed 'for the government fan edition of the "Laws," containing 340 pages, considerable of an undertaking for a woman in those ' : days. -- 'Mr. Cornelia Bradford, wife of Andrew " Bradford, was among the firat of our wo- men printers. She; carried on the business with great energy for many years after the death of her husband, which: took place in - 1 o Bradfords, both husband and vife, stood, amongthe best of the .early printers of fPhiladelphia hlrs. Hasse botch wife of Nicholas Hasse-botcthe- first' printer 'of Baltimore. She succeeded to his business at OncO, and prosecuted it with talent and energy. The foN lowing ' anecdote is related in connectiotf of her most ; imbrtntpubiica-- yith one ' tidiisi Iri 1773, a missionary had a Bible in his hand, explaining to a party, of Indians He pronounced it, to bo the Gospel, r the Truth, the Word ofGbd. ; WhaU said one of them;-dithe Great make this "work ?V Yes,, replied the missionary,' it'a his work.' Tho Indian, tak-- , ing thelitoral Import of tho word3, answered indignantly, 'P believe it to be a iye publicabefe;' This; lor the rev- - tion perfonned marked When Benjamin :Frunklii became lution.- JPostmater-Gehera- l : -- 'years I;f:He also published the Maryland Journal in1 Baltimore' in the early part of tho Revo- II-Boy- ;- 1 f Goddardthe first printer in Pfoviderice, " , 1 head.1 Zen-gevfbriy-f- ; but disappoint others who wem looking Cto them as iElderi'of.israblifromlzioriJ'fpr St.. telligencethey? could not impart?-- The Organization by ' unanimous' vote ' "' ' .. . were: : ' riskj)f losingoiieTs : k nowled ge, ahdltaylhl ture usefulness in the kingdom of God. Encouraged them to lay aside and retrench from everythirig displeasing in the sight- - of God and His servants and bo determined to live to the Lord; improving themselves in all things, that they might become refined n thpfDecIara-tio- Independence; printer may hot 'know the fact, but even that important doc-- J umeht was originally printed by a lady, toorCarfne. Goddard. There ;wereo--" men in those days. To print that Immortal State paper I n th e year 1777 was to1 ru n tlio i of - ed secretary pro tem. edited and as energetically published by women as by men.,. Mr Mary Holt, widow of Jolni Holt, was publisher of the Ne w York Journal in 1793 a papefwliich had already been conducted by a womaii printer and journalist, Mrs. WOMEN IN THE PRINTING OFFICE. -- 1' A letter written by Mrs. H. C. Young who has been visiting in the Eastern States, and addressed toMisi E. R. Snow of this city :' :contaIns 4somp interesting jwraaph and gives one soe idea of. Our relative position I to tho worittat the present time. i'Jifior.-cxt pressing her pleasure in hearing:of the pros?perity of tjio home Societies, she goes on. tb explain some 'things as they; exisi there: said it was becoming a serious question, what to do with the surplus of women; they fare "not usually educated to any ment that wilt command a living. She alludes to the rapid : spread of Catholicism and infidelity and says' many who believe in religion are ashamed to own it. Manyinquiro of her concerning our faith, and some believe it, but are trammeled in ' . -- ' , ' says her male sayl it is "reireshinir to see a plainly ;dressed woman again and think there i3 ' In regard to dress she" reH-"tiv- bs -- i jhopo thcil wives and daughters may return to their nses.v Her neices wished to make ;her some new dresses, but wben she ' spoko of having them almost entirely plain, they ' were hot so anxious. She "realized in ming-"lin- g with the world, .tho true Value of our most .holy "religion,. and tho freedom it gives xjt'o bur sex.i She met: several people who fnfAfl With Jnnnh Smith. who 71. ,& Kimball, and others, and many ' ; have friendi In Utah. made She' many' inquiries concerning s &c. Cleanliness seems one requisite in regard to them; even one's hands must bo very clean,; they arc dainty little creatures; onions are poisonous aoUhem: cither; to handlo or to cattheni 80 they can smell your breath, and they require keeping in a light place. . m v . a mm ft k a. ft. v . jm. mi m.m mi mi m m - - y5ilk-worm- ; cs-scnt- ial -- ; 