in Hull Mil MlliliTliri WOMAN ' S EXPO N EN T." 40 gal 7Newsf procured copies ;of the laws passed at the late session" 6t thollinols Legislature, and had" ;them4 published, in the , book form in less than tw6,week3after EXHORTATION. ', , ' Keep jimf'! lumps wyll friuiracl and buroini', - . Per the time drdvlogvcar. la We kiww not the day or hour, ,': When the Savior will appear. '.- ' - .; .r t .' - For Hii pruaiij-- are Bur e. , , Though heaven and earth shall pass awaj'i Yet HI J word will still ensure. ' - ? d us all pres8 boldly Fa! i lfnl id'our Fa t her trust. woman. , f.iRAH Cedar YlUty;jitif ioth, 1875. - , J. ArSTI5. June 27th, :, . By request of President Sophrouia Cook wo send you jheso Hues wishing to I show our appreciation of your kind visit, and thinking you would like to hear the good tidings thatf your cSbrts in behalf of our Relief Society and Young Ladies Retrenchment Association have been greatly blest, The sisters all seem anxious to press lor. ward and do all in their power to assist in rolling on the work, our meetings are well attended and a good spirit prevails. : Heunda WOMAN'S RECORD. Cook. . A out ; Grace Greenwood has gone to Europe. Mrs. Chanfrau has leased the " Varieties" theatre for the coming season, and will sume its management. ,..7 as- , ' Miss Tillio Forney, youngest daughter of Coi. Forney, is writing letters from abroad that arc highly complimented. Minnie Myrtle Miller is now residing at Port Oxford with her mother and children. Joaquin, her quandom husband, has ; re- turned from Europe, and is at present in i Boston. lie will possibly Coast at no distant day.-7Northw- visit the Pacific Port- est, land, Oregon. ::7, Contradictory 7 reports in regard to Miss Anna Dickinson adopting the life of an actress reach us repeatedly; the Woman's Journal says decidedly that sho will make her debut upon' the stage in Ban Francisco. "California papers declare sho will continue lecturing, which are we to believe? Dr. Nando Monclle, who recently sailed fiom Now York, has settled in Hyderabad, iind rapidly acquired an extensivo practice. , . ; . Sho has opened a dispensary In ono of the bazars, and it is now so crowded that she is about to remove to a much larger house. Among her patients are many naUvo ladies ' who come from great distances to avail themselves of her skill. Ex. Miss Jean Iugelow, ono of the sweet poets ot modern times is a native of Boston, Eng.-iacand passed her early lifo amidst Its quiet surroundings in tho usual homo avocations of tho English girl. Sho is now about forty-flv- o years of ago and lives with Iter widowed mother in a quiet and retired part of London, whereas she has sald"all the nouses arc with window boxes full of flow- .ers. Ir?. My ra Brad well, of the Chicago Ik : ; Floral Cabinet. , i - CLUB RATES. the Pahdoiwhiehrec ' Determined that nothing shall & wanting on lhc part . of tho Publishers, to Increase! the circulation of the I an In .aid, promoting; the objects contem-plateExpoxEy la iW publieationf byf ;iualving It:tralj an expo t nent pf the tIcws of; the women of, Utah, sustained by them, read by them, and rita eblumns enriched with a widely circulated expression of th'eir' thoughts, we offer the following liberal terms toclubs for the present toI- nine: ; .WoiiEN aro ; coming:: more and more to tho front:! In; this season of commencements we find one college after another wheels into line. Among them is Wilson College, at Chambersburg, Pennsylvania. Eleven young ladles graduated, five taking the degree of Bachelor ot JLrts, and the mainder that of Bachelor of Science. r .The motto of , the class, "Eis ta anothen,,7iTo . mo imugs; aDove"), was arcnea in green over the rostrum of the hall where the di7 7; 7 ; plomas were given. Ex. Mrs. Annie Besant, of London, England, is making a great reputation as a radical writer and speaker. She.i3 said to have the c highest culture, and Js aopained not: only with tho various European languagesibut r- with the bearings of their literature upon the . subjects in which she is particularly interested. She is beautiful, being less than ! years oi age, ana witn , tlie soft, clear iniry rich brown hair, delicate oval lace, and eyes, refined features, 7which make trie best type of English beauty. She is rather under the f average size, and dresses f with' good taste which can be ascribed to, the iufluenco j only . of education in Paris, acting7urra fnind . naturally endowed with a fine artistic sense. . She stands on the' platform habited, in a silk skirt and black Velvet r rich,black with a white, lace ruffle around thebasque, neck. ' There Is no gesticulation, and yet a slight bending forward of the form, or an uncon-sciomovement of the shapely head,1 or of i the mouth, the flashiner of the smrklf n (T Ann as the telling arrw of logic or wit speeds from the arch lips, do moro effective work than alj those gestures which are the mere acepmpaniments' of mere declamation. Although she is in sympathy with the movement for the enfranchisement of her her main work is that of a religious sex, and republican reformer. Ex. v! 10 ' 7 copies; 1 year with a r - , - T . co;y to the getter up of luecjuo.1 year, with a copy to the 15 getter7 up of ' -copies, the club, ' 20 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of the club, and framed tcel cmrraTing 12 x lC . inches, of President Brigham Voungi selling - . - price, $2.50 SO $13 00 20 00 -- 31 00 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of - the club, and a superior first proof steel en- -; graying of Prctidcnt Brigham Young, hand43 00 somely frametl, selling price 4 Clubs can be rommcneed at any time, and additions ' can be made after th first list of names has been sent. ; up of flubs ihould notify ns of their Intentions so that, we can credit them with all names sent in. In &ll cases gire the name and residence of each sul-- 7 Bcriber, plainly', and correctly written, with the time when each subscription Is to commcneerand whether for a whole or half year. :Money can' bbremlttel by fegiEtcred letter at the riek f the publishers.-' ' :'v ,j ' Subscribers desiring the 1 address changed from one Post Office to another should send us their former, as .c-; : well as their new address.5 We V.'i hoie that agents and ladies throughout thcTeni-- ; tory, efipeclally Presidents and Officers of Belief Socic-- ; ties will aid us by getting up clubs, by bringing the and farorably to the notice of therwise using their inlluenco to increase It6 circula-to- n and usefulness. . ...... : : 7 . . ers j J' 7 of- mouth In this intricate searclind at the '.time this newiyoyage of discovery vyas eh. , terod upon, sho , was lying upon her deathbed.. Such examples of devotion rare, rare ValleY, Cedar Fort, Cfjur i : 1875. , 1 her lost hus- ,i Miit i, uuu aiiuw iu iiio .wunu me worK uone by 'his expedition 81io quipedand; fit fed Rf S. REPORT. ; Lady JanefFranklid the "enthusiasUcaliy and bring back: th remains . ; -- r- .devoted widow pf the Arctic explorer, died in London JulyViSt ntied wiUnn he ; Beloved Sister, E, It. Snow: , Ti';a;:ia-- ; ; . . ! on-w- i n essidnlThis js a work:- adjournment of t hat has ge n erally taken tio 8 tate nearly '" -- 1 wo years to' perform. Mrs. JJrad wej ls edition of the laws is jfurnished with Jiead-ing- s and annotations and the work is very creditable to this talented hhtt energetic ' Then keep jour lamps well trimmed and burning, .4nd be ready for the day t When f(f'l meet our glorious Savk r, . With HU saints in bright array. Ani r?eivo the icrowas and blessings', . t ,;:-LeIIehai pi oml3i'4to the Justi 7- ; tKe 5 Jhit we know that lie i3 coming; T fashioned half a true lover's knot. , Miss Fletcher perfected it, and a kiss .put the seal to the symbolical bargain. Most men when they; pdpV Jby 7 writing, are. more Rich-- straight forward and matter-of-fac- t. nrd Steelo wrote to the lady of his heart: "Dear rrs. Shurlock (there were no Misses in thoe days,) I am tired of calling you by that name; therefore say the day when you Your devoted j wiU take that ofmadameJ 7 humble servantVJlichard Steele.? - She fixed the day accordingly, and steeled her name instead of her heart to the suitor. . - - 5 . ; - : . Ei-PONE- ? non-subscribe- rs us DESCRIPTION '( op " - ' ' T II IN G , B OOTS, S II O E S , EVER :' ' f.y. CL O 5 Y-- " -- : . Specialty in'. Glove 7 f - : ; Piopp iQi m Jlome-rnad- e Socks. 7H. E. PiiELrs, - - and Fine Line of LADIES' CORSETS. free-think- er " GENERAL DllV GOODS.. - 29 East Temple Streps ; In d, olden times it was the fashion for a suitor to go down on his knees to a lady when ho asked her to, become his wife, which, with very stout gentlemen was an uncomfortable proceeding. ' The way in which Daniel Webster proposed io Miss Fletcher was more modern, being at the same time heat and poeticl Like many other lovers he was caught holding a skein of thread or wool which the lady had been unraveling. - 'jGrracie " 'said he,wo have becnf untying knots. Let us 1 :- , t - - in a lifetime RNITURE! ffi 7-- With a piece of tape he Fe athe rs, r a 11 AND Pape r , .BABY 'CARRIAGES;! 75, 77 & 79 First gonti St., Salt Lake Citv. : d 