WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 7 ist in the midst of a multitude of wives. Mrs. S. says: "The Lord told ' woman' in the garden of Eden, her husband should rule over her, and that, with tho rest that was told her, has descended to her daugh-- . e ;; ; ters, and wo are not exempt." AH this is true enough, but was the sentence n ever to be revoked ? I have ;au idea that the curse that was placed Upon Eve by a merciful and loving Father, wasjnot designed io stand unmitigated, r unalterable for ever.' "And although Mrs. S. "feels no more of the sun's rays now than years ago, no more liberty, no more freedom," and questions "What liberty has burst upon us suddenly ?M' It appears to me very, forcibly and plainly-- that since the Gospel light open-mouthe- dispensa-tio- belter-attentio- can apoiogies to offer here , , : i - : j eloquence and style, as well as th o poem i self; appear to have, been truly appreciated by all present, i Shis is something ..; a; little nnt nf fhfl nrrHnfirv rhinnrL nnd isnnnihpr f- -1 Mes Sbmtoh gives some; logical reasons why women do not accomplish as; niuch work as men; in short"she i boldly:' asserts, they are not dressed to work ,but to kilk! BONNA-Mar-ia, the wife of Bon Alfonzo, is described as being slim and with lively, dark5 blue eyes; the reverse of the Amazon she might be supposed to . appear. ,' ; ':- J'' "v:,;:i'l. i 'Vj : ; 1 i proof of' advancement of the cause of manv v fair-haired, In Australia at the University: of ; to successfully pursue those pu rstiits ' which him fame, title and mcr-- i eventually brought " ted d 1st iuc 1 bn; A t f h e time of t fi eir marriage he was a Captain of drogbonsand had seen some real service at the battle ofJVe- -' i ral 1 7 fifty-seve- 7 - Inez. After his marfiagehp sold; his, com- - -ihlsslon, ; and thought of 'I going, i in to the church,and taking a country parsonage; sim,-"pl-y because hb was fond of riding afterVtho hounds a privilege allowed itoi the 5Vicar, and his Wife waft fond of botany, gardening, and ministering to tho poor. But the wlfo "would not be'eontent, rher aspirations were abovo cas socks, so she persuaded him to go on a tour through Italy, Switzerland, and the Alps, where he found that he loved Art, jand that his sphere In life, was in the physical research and observations of nature. Af--' ter their return to England, they spent a vast amount Of time out of ) doors, sho in meira.1 , :so-cie- ty , Queen Victoria's j fifty-sixt-h birthday which was the first week in June wascele-- brated throughout England and the. United Kingdom, and by Englishmen generally In the different countries where they were &' siding. This amiable and excellent Queen has reigned nearly tlurty-eigyears, being f a longer period than that of any other sovV.v . ereign in Europe, ; Madame Bonaparte of whom we gave our readers a brief sketch a short time since, is attracting the attention of , some- of the "literati" on account of her writings. .Recently she.was offered $10,000 for her manuscript volumes, but the old lady refused to "'cell them at any price. - For forty years she has kept a diary constantly; it is supposed she has written much of society, lx)th. in j Europe and America during theses years, which cannot fail, to be entertaining, and re- port says she is severe in sarcasm. It Is most probable her writings will be published i ' ; after her death. ' Miss Sarah Clarke, sister of James Free- man Clarke who resides in Rome,; is empla-- . ployed upon a series of sketches of tho ' ces visited by Bante and mentioned in his writings. She has visited in person all these' 'places; the work has occupied her for the last four or f five years, involving' a, vast amount of study, research and travel. Tho work wTas ordered by Mrs. Mitchell of Milwaukee wife of tho Congressman. Another copy of tho same series .is' alo being made for Lady VAshburton, and the intention is to have the designs etched so as they can be engraved. Miss Clarke has an artistic apartment overlooking ' the grounds of the Barberini Palacri , . . - - , 4 ;?;r: m LADYuurchi erick Lvilurchisbn was certainlyl a VQry suto have exerted perior woman, and seemed f animaied KerVhusband an influeocej yhlch ladies are admit ted to pass the examination. Out of three hunn dred ; candidates; for admission were ladies. "This is a good recommenda tion for the women or that country. .. Miss Emily In spcaklngrof and industry in 'Paris, says that a per. feet equality exists between the sexes in business matters. ; Women keep hotels, factories, shops and are often the efficient business partners of their husbands. 7 ; ; a xa ujiu t ;Mei-bourn- e, mat-ricultu- . wb- - T1 - --v'- ? v Mrs Mi M. Elliot orMinneapblis,; .Miniij ueiiverea an orjgmai poem at jner,ceJeora-- tion of Decoration Bav ln';thatcity. ' xhe people of Minnesota seem to possess a Iibe, r4 al feeling for the rights of f women,; in,1 se- - ,r KiT ,: ht 1 3 ; . - . ? H WOMAN'S BECORD.u -- "I have n . co-operat- ion For GenUle ladles who disclaim their sphere. Having-obtaind enough of truthful llyht To see life's strange perversion f the right; They seek with noble, yet misguided aim, CorrupUbn and abuses to reclaim; ; Butall their efforts to remove the curs o Are only making matters worse and worse. They could as well unlock without a key, As change the tide of man's degeneracy; Without the holy prlcathood.tii at most, Llka reek'nina- blHa in absence of the host." ; -- n, one of the prime objects of those who have received it in spirit and . in truth, has been the real elevation of woman, the certain placing of her in her proper sphere.--An-d is it not given to those who have received the true light, to diffuse Its genial rays over the whole earth, that all who will may learn the ways of the Lord, and all nations be blest? v What higher, purer, holier cause can we ascribe to the bestowal by, God and the 'acceptance of His people, of the revelation concerning Celestial Marriage, than that the condition of woman, as it was, might be improved? Think of it. Do not the elders tell us now, that-th- e young ladies Jn our, midst have power to do what they cannot, with all their preaching, teaching and exhorting, in the matter of "putting down round dancing,,J leading the young men to1 seek true culture, morality and refinement? Our honored Prophet and leader has himself said that ;"The Belief Societies can take hold of the home industries and make a success; and thus bring about the United Order. Does that sound as though woman should be considered so very much inferior to man? . I do not wish; to be understood as one advocating woman's right - to rule;.. - But L mean this, which was .written yeara ago by an older and wiser woman than myself: acteri qualified to adorn and benefit theccirTT cle in which; sho moved. She wasonly; nineteen years of age. Her death was truly V asad bereavement and she will le most sin- cerely mourned "by all who Kad the pleasure-o, Ji v h knowing htr.1 ' - is . ; i 'World-inith- Miss F. Mann, of Philadelphia, was one of the victims of the fearful wreck of the Schiller. Sho was returning to Germany to pursue her art studies Vat? Municbghe is said to have possessed raro genius,, and wouiu prouaoiy, nave ueuu xuwsi eucx;&siuj as a portrait and historical painter; added to this sho was endowed with considerable musical talent, and superior intelligence. edly, never flagging a bit in the gaze of d a wonder. The Indian,-a- s rule, is stoical, buTnb was not stoical enough to endure the gimlet look of those , boys, which became, finally, unendurable. mpnej of the Modocs, forced to action, leaned suddenly forward and seized a f boyia head as though he wanted a scalp, but ho didn't make any, attempt to; secureth'at : trophy. JIo simply twisted, thd boy's headaround until jl looked 1 n llieil irect Ibrripf thein--iste- r, and; the same time a significant ges- -' ture to the other boys caused them ! to look' the same way. Never did boys pay to a sermon than those ot Lexington during the remainder of the exercis-es- , and the Modoc demonstrated that he had in him big material for a Sunday school superintendent.--lSt.-Lou- is Republi J beamed upon the 123 - i : 4 sketching and botanizingy while he accumu. Inted facts, examined into causes etc. IIo afterwards became a celebrated geologist, the rival of some of tho most eminent men, In thi3 field of labor, and- the -discover of the Silurian system. : co-work- ers - ; , f i A MODOC AT CHUJRCII. T ? One tolerably good thing is reported of that small section of the Modoc tribe now throughout the country at the expense of and for the profit of two . or three men. One of these Indians recently v white taught several small boys how to conduct themselves in church. The Indians, it seems, took Lexington, Ky In their t6ur and chanced to bo there on a Sunday, when several of them attended the Baptist Church to observe the white man's way of propitiating the Great Spirit and smooth In g the As a way to the happy hunting-groundmatter of course where the Indians were there were the small boys also, and a company of the youths managed to secure seats directly in front of the' noble red men where .curiosity, could bo thoroughly gratified. When the sermon began the boys turned round and stared at the Indians uninterupt- on a tour s. , ; ! : 1 Two young men out riding were passing a'formhouse whero a farmer was trying to harness an - obstinato )mulc. ' Won't ho darw?' said one of the men. Of coufso,, said the farmer, "he'll draw tho attention of overy fool that passes this way," The young : U .,.... ,' men started; along. ; ; 1( : . , , . . ",.' : : SIDNEY; Smith;; orico saldrIemember once making a joke after a meeting" of the clergy in Yorkshire! where there was a Bev. Mr. Buckle, yho never spoke when I pro. posed his health. I said ho was a buckle without a tongue Most persons on hearing H laughed, but'. my next neighbor sat unmoved .and sunk In thought At last, a .quarter of, an hour after wo had all done, he suddenly nudged me exclaiming, I see now what you meant, Mr. Smith? You meant a I did.' jokel' Yes, sir, I said, I believe so heartily Upon which he began laughing and would ho I was choke, that I thought obliged to pat him ou the back. Ex, ' 