WOMAN'S, EXPONENT. so I be a boj?" asked our JJary, With tears la hor great eyes of" blue ; "Pin ''only a woe little lassie ' And there's Nothing a woman can do! cousin John say so He's' homo from the great collese too; And he said It just now In the parlor , o - hf . i hygienic' k6tes.; :- , r . , a. i. ; :. . .y: : ;i For the Expos tx-r- iqorcnco Ilignts,- - fx, 0: -- y -- v f m W : : -- ' This is a Yankee dish,' ' and was u esteemed in the early days of the Republic ; as a " palatable, as well as a substantial one: Make a Pan Bowdy;. , - r -- : : 1 t " -- er, - i -Trim -- bs " pajcr Kate is a contributof toT 'Country GenUemcn,"wo think,but arc not sure that we Lave credit; "Yolks of four eggs: one teacup of sugar; one quart of sweet milk' pne pint of breadcrumbs; butter the size of an egg, half a cup of raisins, in tho summer season .ng;Tbis - " o - ' - " Dr. Hall relates the casjT of a man who-- was cured of his billiousness by going without his supper and drinking freely of: lcmbnadeV Every morning' says the,d6ctor4; thK patient arose' vrith- a .wonderful sense ofrestand refreshment and feeling as though the blood had l)eenfliterally . washed, cleansed and cooled by 'tho lemonsde1 and' fast.', nis theory.is that food can be remedy for &ny diseases successfully. ,? Asl am example he c&res slitting of blood by use of,, salt; epilepsy by watermelon Hdneyaffec son, olive'or sweeVoil; ery4iplaesrupoundedm i ; 1 - - To . . - . pertain to a woman's active life, that .will admit of such" a variety of interchange of views that, however intimate their rela- tions with each other, these seldom ever lose their interest, or become stale or wearisome. r..:': J Men would fa i n have us believe, women have too much envy and jealousy in their composition to ; be true 'enough to, each other td;etijoy the sublimest order of friend- - r., berries applied to' the parts'affected'hdrophobia,". onions; io1o.;So the way td keep' in good health ls r really to know fwhat to eat not to know I what medicine to take. 1 Limd Water forBurns. The readiest "and most i useful remedy for scalds and burns is an embroca- - . tion of limewatcr and linseed oil..".. These,., simple agents combined form a. thicljcre ., which effecti t illy, excludes tbo air from' the injured : parts, aodatliys'thelinrlamation" almost 'instantly.-caa is recordfy where k child fell backward in- - -to a bath-tu- b pf bailing water; , and - was; nearly flaycd frpm lierhect'to below her hipsy Her." agonies were indescribable; but' her clothing being gently removed, and the lime" and-b- il' preparation thickly spread over the injured jsur facer, she was sound asleep in five minutes ; Subsequently the parts were carefully ; washed with .warn railk: and water three timc3 a day tl oil dressing renewed, and the little patient rapidly recovered Though all the scalded skin came off she, 'did no l' have a scar. This remedy leaves no lnH'coat to dry on the sores, but softens the parts and aids nature to ' , ' . ; nsedwi -- - A J 1 - 5 '.. . ; a iuarter of a pound of butter with a quart of siflted llour, two eggs arid a spoonful of salt; half a teaspoonful soda; dissolve in a little cold water; moisten it with cold' water so that you caa just roll it out easily, roll as thin as possible; cut Into cakes; put three ' of them together, sprinkle llour between each one; lay on tho top thin slices of tart apples; sprinkle sugar and a little nutmeg over theni; inclose the apple by doubling tho pastry over them; press: tW edges well fry in'suQicient hot lard to cover them. When of a light brown take up carefully. and flatten the chops with a chopper, sprinkle salt and pepper on both -them in melted butter, place them on a sides, dip gridiron and set on a sharp fire, turn over two or three times to broil properly, and when dono serve them around a dish, one lapping over tho other etc. and servo with the gravy. It takes about twelve minutes to cook with a good fire. Another way; When trimmed and flattened, dip. them in' beaten egg, roU them in bread-crumand broil cither as they aro or enveloped in buttered cherries strawberries etc,,-arjust as good)- bake half aa hour; take tho whites of tho and beat to a stiff froth; add half a cup of eggs aud sugar, the juice of one lemon (or lemon essence; return to the oven and bake slihUy. To bo eaten cold. Bye and Indian Loaf.-- Tac two quarts coarW ' tl crcisfD:-;'the---6kin".5arid'i-in- ' f IuffsMix to-gcth- the :tebilT&iVl6 liyrap VfiP&s health or mamtainirig:odd teal th 7 It; Is' important as part of the Vath and when' a bath1 cannot be taken dry frictibn is" sefvieable. every perl son on rising or retiring wouia gpena ien mmutes I in tubbing the body it would be beneficial in equalizing the circulation,'! relieving - internal I con-- : gestion' the wbole body. ' Invalids who cannot "rub them- selves should employ healthy people to do it. for them. Gentle friction on the temples often cures ' headache. 1. . pnb';pf inti$toring lost ", ;i t - : ' The Herald:of Itl&ysl'rlcMqns 4 -- : ment, j ; . is.oue thev of, Sympathy grand: elements of friendship, and helpstoj alleviate, soften and cheer the adversities of our every day , life. Our Savior possessed, in .a most re-- " markabln dfinrftftl this Pfiniiirifi svrnnnthv for the poor, the needy, and the' unfortu nate. One of pur favorite poets has said," oyiiipainy is mo rooe 01 arienasnip." . x wumeu xa one ,01 ino Aieutusuip uuiuu most prolific sources of .happiness; there :r are so many subjects of mutual interest connected with the home: relation; and "' the ' peculiar position wives and mothera occupy that to feel perfect confidence in exchang ing ideas and sentiments, ana In the exprcs- oiuu ui mo iiuwti iwnkiiga u,- wiu liUIuuU r soul, there is a refreshing i relief in being able to confide in one another. 'X tastes The of women being similar is another adaptibiiity; there are .so many mat-tera separate and distinct from tho ordinary .:t-;- i ? rich crust; line a deep earthen pot with it; now slice' some pie apples quite thin for the '"layer strew the apples with'iioiasses and spice, and a teaspoonful of milk- - coyer with a thin crust and repeat the process. Cover the top with crust and your pan dowdy is made. Bake in a slow oven. : - T : V --- Bye and Indian Fruit lioafcTo '"five1 quarls rof r uue uuru mcai auu uvo piata iyos iueai,;mix inor-;: ouphlv a.dd 'water as bo; d5 Uha hintla- wni and make into stifo togBi ' tKbn add 'y f thfee pin&of stewed "raisins ;aiidi"itliree'' pints jof 'J washed currarits'mix iiltimateyj cfill lar deep pan , ana smooth it over! tlial8iirjacei steamiitisix- ot eight hours (dh night iif.conyinicit),-;hak- e :about ;: : two hours longer and serve, warm or cold. , . -- ? me laws qi. nature. sirict ODserver 01 il. Friendship xiannot exist, wltaout a solid basis, and time and' cultivation1 alone cari rear such a one. be; sure, a casual and timely kindness, atlmiriistered, per haps, in an hour of extreme necessity, may bind us unconsciously; and ywith gratitude, to one before met, yet it is whom we have certainly an ; undeveloped friendship; , com-- . posed more of gratitude than any other ele- t -- " Chocolate Cake. Whites of two eggsj choco- late sufficient to thicken, . (generally use three small cakes German' prepared chocolate,) sweeten to taste. : Spread in layers between cakes, same as in jelly cake;, Cocoanat cake may be made in the same "Way,. rising grated cocoanufc, instead of "Friendship Wnot a plant of :hasty jrrorth ; Though planted In esteem's deep fixed soil; : The gradual culture of kind Intercourse, . Must bring It to perfection." The' sentiment cmbodieci in this beautiful extract from 'Joanna Baillie,". js one ,which carries a conviction of its truthtoevery", - , . J ' . boiling water , on , ;rye: meaj Bye Bread.-rro- ur and mix nto stiff dough; make it rjntp r squares or rolls and bak iq a hot5 oven. r Vben tho be- -' ginner can TOm?utate?,Mgh; ,l.o my. succeea in maKing ji iigtit m loaves inreo mcnesm diameter.' r - . - to t ' The following recipes . ard in use atT)r. Trail's cminenilTygienic abfe;' at" thec Hygieiah- Home.' ; - the-righ- . FRIENDSHIPS OP WOMEN. HOUSEHOLD HINTS. 'CKate.'a . 2 - Chops-Broiled.r- . , - a secret, my Mary, will learn It some day; you Terbaps Tho hand that's most willing and loving Will do the most work on tho way. "Tho Work that Is sweetest and dearcsf , Which many are failing to d, Of making folks happy around them, May bo done by a lassie like you." Apple, ; ,, 'My own Jit tie sunbeam is coming; I knowj for the room is so bright. : i - . "Is there nought you can do, Uttlo maiden ? What was it that pa said last night ? chocolate. - ; -- . "Sooherei my wee lassie, my darling," Said h putting back her soft hair, "I want you, my own Httle daughter,' To smooth away all mother's care. "Who is It, when pa comes home weary, That runs for his slippers and gown? WhigL eyes does ho watch for at morning, Looking out from their lashes of brown? Und there r ; "It's so; I heard There's nothing a woman candol" : h 'Mayn't , repair tho injury in the readiest and most cxpedi-- f tious manner. This mixture' may bb procured in the drug stores, but if not accessiblci slakc a . lump of quicklime in water, and : as f'soon fas tho tfiA? Ail arrl TnlrA'if Txrntpr is rrlnr nii if. TuIflwell. If the case is.nrsrRrifc nnnr : boilinir Wafrr over the lime, and it will hcomo clear in five miu- -. utes. ; The preparation may be kept bottled in .the? house, and it will be as good six months .old aa when first made, B.; N. Y. :: . ,y , two quarts boil-in!- ? icorn ineal, wet it thoroughly-witwateradd two . auarts rye ; meal; . mix inti mately, make Into a loaf threo or four inches deep; i !orrif cnQvenient; put it into Isoston orowp Drcaa nans.-rIaconftoD of tho stove. .where it, ia barely hot enough to make i$ gimmer. let it stand here un- ,'til lfcjcraeks well oyer the wnoie Eunacc, .say. an ; Tinn nn tven. Krmrs.. Then Dut into a( t1 a hot overt,; bake twaar, three,, hours, according .to the size 01 tno ioai, tnencoo or take - tho loaf out and 'steam It aVhbur or two "MAYN'T I BE A BOY ?" L ', snip; "tnat nvairy is so strongly interwoven fibre' of ftheir heart 'and affec-- '' witeyeiy to as render them Incapable" of devottions,' ed attachments to each other;' but even admitting there are such natures, there are others of a more: exalted character, who are too wholly destitute of seliishness ' stoop to such debasing thought? 1 v uuubt " IIIQ 11U1U L ence" of a higher element, and partako'more largely, of the true spirit of benovolence and Christian rliarity. Are not such per-- : sons capable of lK?ing4 devotett and ardent admirers of all that is lovable and excellent in each other? ; And when Intimate .together; with surrounding which tend to heighten and strengthen their confidence in each other blend and cement their affections, they are assuredly a comfort and a stay to each which will bring additional happiness other, to invigorate thom-selves,-- . to - . , - asso-ciatio- , n, influ-eQc- ca I 