EX P ONE N T W O M AH '8 1SS SPLINTERS - . in the fall of the Spanish Ministry. GENERAL. ' S toprove,that the display of the exercise of wisdom, is rather than vanity, All this helps bring. about l'ERSOMAl ' ' suould take place in this matter. So much is said to no purpose,' or tliat is productive only 'of evil, that it would evidently be of its inhabibetter for the world if tants spent two-thirof their time in silence." Yet silence is not xi necessity', or the best remedy for the evil iu question. Conversation jpfv good. The world is full of beautiful and pleasant things, and there is no end to the intelligence which may be gained. It is as easy to talk of these things as to talk: fashionable '.'little nothings' if knowledge .'concerning them is but sought. Think more and ppeah ss, would be an ex- the mint, has! Senior editor, of the'' Boston "Evening 1h.--assigned by President Grant, to inves-..- i Transcript,''- Henry .W. Dutton,. uied Apr il tia aged ,9 years..,.. .Dr. I.Iartwel.l Carvt Mississippi Valley for the mos suita-j-lotThe sheriff of died in Pittsford near Rochester, N. Y. b!.' location for a mint N '.",v. York city has issued attachments against April i&th; he was one of the first" advoproperty of Tweed. .....Mr. A. B. Stone cates for connecting the Atlantic and Pacific Up '.' lle'K'Iruid purchased at 'auction in St. by railroad...... Commanider Leroy Fitch, of Louis tire Mississippi Valley and Western the II. S. N., died at Logaiisport, IndApriL Itailroad for $6QQpAQ...y.The Public School 13th...-- .S. Il..;Sjphmsrthe-curpf6'Vdead. Tea'tlers-ACotrTIwles .Green, editor, of the FBbston "raised SWjO to. erect a' monument to the Post," retires from journalism after forty'-iou- r menka-of Edgar A. Poo The. British years service:, ......Michael Levy, the has sent Paris publisher, is dead...... The government :p frigate to survey Baihn's Bay ard the North Atlantic..:. .May Pope is under the care of his physicians 4th, Senior Antonio Camilla who represents Mr. Stillman Witt, aprominehtTailroad man, .the Spanish Republic, presented his cred'en- - and citizen of. Cleveland. Ohio, is dead.'..... tials to tiie President as Minister irom the btephens, the sculptor of the unfinished S50,000-damag- e King of Spain by fire at monument to Wellington in, St. Paul's Ca N. btli The har- - thedral, is dead. .....The late General Shiras :kinsvilie, Y., May bor of Buffalo, N. Y., is gorged with ice was a physical curiosity never having de- lLud-timein Missouri in consequence of veloped. Mr. Curtis S. Burri- anyJQeth etc.. '....Ten Chi- - ham has been" 'appointed Assistant Secretary grassfiopper ;. chintz-bugs- , namen-bavthe rite of baptism injoT the U. S. Treasury. Joan Frederick the Baptist Church at Portland in- Oregon j. De Waideck, the famous traveller and artist, oun damage by "fire at Black 0, Rockj died very recently 111 Paris aged 'J 10 .years near Buffalo, N. Y.r. Wil-- j The Marquis of Loralue and his wife, son made a speech at Nashville, Tenn., May; the Princess Louise, intend making an .. '....Oregon promises fine crops this sea-- j tended tour through' the United" States this n- Heavy sea-- several ships recently summer.. ....The no.toiious Bender Las been Fifteen thousand dollars worth of for some time confined in Arizona.,. but lately jewelry ami watches were lately stolen from escaped Blaine and Secrcta- aa aanyjeweHy store in one night. Bnstoware ry reported aspirant for the ,; Presidency. tl)r...Li.nderman. director of i h, a-- two-thir- , . . . s well-know- n cellent maxim for many.. For without thought and studious reflection, it is useless to Speak at all; as an idle mind is sure to give utterance to i idle word . - ,..-0- Vice-Prctide- -, !'t (dad tone ainl Lord Kinnacid have attended some of Moody and. San key's revival meetings' in London,; these meetings are becoming nor only popular but fashionable The Spanish government have paid of the Virginias' United States the ia-Union League Club House at the corner of -- Oth and Madison Avenue N. Y. was considerably damaged Uy fire-othe er ' -- THE WOMAN'S it tea n. pre-eonceiv- ex-Uh- ' ' Those who ask thi.yquestion, are usually practical people who always see everything in. a" proper light, and never suffer their imngkia- tion to rule, but make it subordinate to reason, and their ideas, and strong pow-- , are these ers ef judgment; the people who get on in the world, who attain social eminence and make theinselves-popular- . ' They bring all their powers to this culminating point; they strike boldly for a certain figure; and every faculty they possess is trained, to serve the one great aim and object they are in pursuit of, the acquirement of vealth; facts e Ex-Speak- - '.k-'- IS TIlEllE MONEY IN IT? j . ds ds EXPONENT. ed with them are substantial things; foundations upon which to.i1 Id their positive schemes; I CiltEE.YE IlICIIAKDSEdilor. relatively' they are dollars and cents; positive- -' t OHXEl.I l II. IIOliXE, Ilu'sines Xtinaier. ness is one of their elementary essentials; and they have no use for any adjuncts, except such in ii:lt l.ak.ft.. C'it.v; Ytn. as form secure ratJshod stepping stdnes towards reachTcrr.i s: one copy o::c year. .52.0;!; one copy tiVtuonlhs, il.i'-JTen. copies- for the price of nine. Advertising ing the pinnacle of flower; that power, influEach fqme. On linos of nonpareil spa-'erates: 'one' ence and position which money will command -- 1th of RothsJ.irt; per icjiit'i, a 00. A !i'.er!il April; loss to ' ' s They check and smother every generous imre: ir ;elver! i?ers. of- a ne-childs have issued a corner ofshulh nm K.vpoi!ent'OUh'c, Fir.'f pulse to which they may be prompt ed by incipli .IUi dau 'Km of S 1 " L" !,0 ' '0 at p. per cent Erist I.ff!c Gate'.. streets, lioars d'An opposite ' ' dental circumstances; romance must not creep interest...... The ceremony of ChrUt wash-inlin- e a.m. to 4 p in. on Tuesdays au.'l Saturdays! A adrr-- ? a!i fee t of Hi. Ape.-tkisipe?r- eosu nuniicationR to was revived' on unwarily into their hearts,, they thut them- l.il.h.-hcr- s Vomi"'s Eiro'.r:.i, sr Ive-- , so closely in their narrow 'channel of Good Friday of tliw year by Br. Bag.-hawRiiSt Utali. 'tXoi-;hand feeling, that they almost distrust Roman Catholic" Bi.hop, of Nottingham Eng- who ihose a md is Bixon new prefer anything else befoie ioney. writings Ilepworth 1ST" .HALT LAIvI-- CITY.. MAY book on America, suggested by. his. recent! Even Spring, in its glowing, blushing bef i vi-- it The Bishojvof Breslau in litre ty, has no charm for them, save the general ; Bnr-'iha been required to resign SPEAK WITH A PUIJi'OSK. J biightetnngarp of business, and the consequent to comply with the conditions of be inciease, or iiiuux m the money market; the the decree... ....The King of Spain has uuii- - i tiie ;.0:rt'.-- follies of 'l!;e songs' erf ldrds, the meny hum of bees, the ferred on Prince Bismarck the order of the day, :in-.- one- - hie lioull i'P1 maginfieant display ot Nature's works in this Fleece .At a recent sale in Lonseal-oa: i of the year, arc ail lest upon o ;i ,cu rr:;:unst. is me hj so poetic don a letter of ueen Mary brought. Sio",-on- e.omnn.ii thembecaus-1 rietp's m et and really, they have no time for they of (in con Elizabeth S 110, autographs' of must s.uch tiifiing consideratious; in fact it is all very there say whejjier of Burns S.TOu of imnortance to communicate or not. Mary Queen "bf SeoBs It reaUand commonplace., Euds and blossoms The Khedi-vof Egypt has established eif more is at hand "than consequence simply foretell the coming fiuit, and that" three judgeships to' he held in it is capital by nothing whim-- , jeeuHarities or even s wiil.be marketablewith a relative value in (dolthe V woman's English lawyer- temperance' of neighbors and acqiiaiiitanee?, these mnt be. lars and cents; the pleasure derived from these club has been organized in Calcutta, the first canvassed. And in all such couver-satioi- trifling sources fs all moonsTune and nonsense, movement of th.it kind ever' made, in that rut!de-fc)be worktd up 'in the very well for'people w ho Lave nothing better must far-oe;erything The Prince of W;des was country , color-to bighteti vivfttitv and or more engrossing to .occupy their Attention;, in.Udbd a- - Grand Master, of the Unite:! most lriiliant '' but their' investment is not in Grand Lodge ,.f Aia-,- n at Royal Albert Il.d ni,:rtae in.ert. art, or Itcommon to in in'ia-esoncbut eolid half a and reliaUa.V.6ek. or science, thing at a large assembly If they jend day Ajiril th, U!it uv Ilaieou.it ?' evening in social chad, and then take leave fihould linger by the way, to c'dmire the beauf ajpointed witlu tit feeling in the smallest de- or worship the divine, some, one of their French Mii:i-.- ; r i n Once lencCtted. C'i. th'o a friend i? competitors in thi rapid rr l albnhscrbitts grce .the city of r? troda... ,:..Mr, rnftt with, wh" ha a mind - iored with chase migot ;urpa.ff them, .out whenever th, Td. I., say si the Woman S till rage ibie. kuyvle!ges which They concentrate all t beirvui la ble forces en .'KtU'iiieiifin iMigland was never bnrliter jthe hps are opened for utterance. .Never tin-- 1 .the making of a certain' Mdnt. If tbry ever -uuiu i.uw wn atimnin7n .and.pro- - reaeh this earthly fruition of their ardent "! V .j uu-- e jivurnia, nmy. grAve,-vaiiit i i it ' eonsuiar .Ageru ai uret, is pnety, al.riiit:g evt-- fimciy jolses with intelli- - hopes, then they, intend to sit down and nst me .urd ;.iayor ot DuUm gives a gence. Two minutes couvealiou withsudra and also to reflect. 'u'uu it net be Utter to h.ni itiet to fho American ri!!e team ort tb&ir person "ufreehe the spirit, gladdens the heart, be wLc and take in some good, full, exhilarating-draiunv.d; th-- Lord Mayor of London will b: auj gives more s.disfaetien than davs or weeks ughts of. happiness as v.e go akug, inpro-ein slate. Jt is rumored two arrest ' s.,ent with the einmohaltv' stead of wailing, votii and cxhaesfciito naeh ..i ... ' & to-th- d Keuo-month'- , tlrii-e- nt pro.-pectu- 'iV-- Hiif-iacs- ' :. o - Lake-City- . 1 , t . : . j i a his-.oliiee- I ' -- Go-de- cr-- 1 ty. s- ne-!hiug- , f shoit-eoming- y H, il tt-auiy- : - ha-be- ut, en ch ' ie-r- . i- rr . j 1 1 ? "jVc-uJ- - m I f i 