WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' f it. B. V. ve speakwere spirited and encouraging,-th- e ers seemed filled.witb light and intelligenco; from on high; and in all .their : exhortations sought to inspire Jother3 with an . I ri teres t , i ri those things which are moki conducl ve !to ' . ... v, ; union and peace. . , . . Minutes of a Retrenchment meeting held at Payson Clty th, 1875, :s; After the: usual exercises and reading of the minutes, Mrs. Jane Cowens, Mrs. Almeda M.'Snider, Ida Coomb3, Jenny Winsley, - ttiebe DaviCMary Curtis, Ida Iltichmond,- AliceMisses iMk'0eariet$a ward, Mary, Fairbanks. arid Eliza Jones, eachhich iFresi. made a few remarksafter dent Miss Jane Daniels said re "had made a and hoped .wo would god commencement X prosper, said we would accomplish t much g;ood in attending .'these,. meetings.1. Meet--, d ih'g then adjourned for one "week after " prayer. V ? - sirig-ingan- Vnv r ; Martiia Fairbanks, Anna Searle Sec'ys. , -- 1 . -; -- ; the Retrenchment meetings throughout the Territory and hope we will soon all be in Home Industries. Wishing you success In your endeavors to do the will of God, we subscribe ourselves , daughters of en-gag- ed Mivu m we uuspei. :t . -- - ajso s wo'-wer- " ! frpmrpundldanclng'and stho; mAjorltyre-- 1 spohued.'..,';Wi(b tho . usual "ceremonies, ' j itieetitfg adjourned..'; s : . ;;: u M.-Turner- . ' : Manm; July 22nd"; 4875.'; r Dear Sister Sxowi' : ; V";1 " ! ' ' doa tho liberty I tako in addressing !mft' vnn yOU, but OWiDS? to.tho llmlff ; ': " " Epent here I was unable to bay much; ' in-re-- , 1 : the Latter Days, said motion was passed by a unanimous vote7 As a Society we are busy making quilts for the coining ; winter, and the visiting Committee Wrho"' have just finished one, are making another for the , Temple. ; 1:;,. At a laie meeting Mrs. Harriet Dorem us was elected Treasu rer of the society in place of Sister Felt. We all feel' well and hope to bo worthy to remain your; sisters in ' " :;-- ; -- . ' .the Gospel. ' . Mrs. M. N. Hyde, Presf, Mes. G. A. , ' ; Alder, ' Secy. Report; Semi-Annu- al .: Received in donations $ 80 00 Disbursed to the needy.;.......;... - ;104 07 r 31 00 Articles sold. half-year- 418 00 At interest.. Cash remaining in the Treasury... 17 9& 80 00 Mdse...... Harriet Doremus, Treas. Manti City, Aug. 16th, 1875. Mrs. Dear Exponent: . The following resolutions were read and adopted byihe Young Ladios Mutual Im provement Society,organized at Manti Aug. 14th, 1875.- -. - Whereas realizing , the importance ; of a correct training of our influence as young ladies of .Manti in directing the actions of society, and whereas, we realize we are in a great measure the architects of our own fortunes for weal or woe in the community, and the. necessity of our preparing ourselves for more responsible duties in life, Therefore be it resolved that we form ourselves into a society of Mutual Improvement for the cultivation of our mind In literature, religion and science, and using our talents in the noble' purpose of benefiting mankind and especially ou Twenty-fiv- e young ladies were enrolled, : of which were chosen, : Miss Hannah Billings President, " Doi tea Hansen, Marrion Gricr, . . HattieMoffit, " Christena Mason, " ilary E. Vornero, Counselors. Rensie Anderson, Maggie Reid, ' Mary E. Snow Treasurer. ;' j'v r -- ' -- - Belle Moffit, Sec'y. ; . A FEW DAY'S JOURNEY. ; . 17th Waiid, S. li. CtTY,Aug. 18, 1870. Editor Exponent: i : Our Semi Annual Meeting was held at tho residence of Mrs. b'usan E. Smith, on Thursday, the 5th day of August, aud notwithstanding: tho extreme heat' of tho weather, the attendance was very. large, every block of the Ward being represented by it3 Teacher; something that has not occurred In many mthths. : r , Our Treasurer Sister Eliza A. Felt, was taken from us bDcath on the 19th of Juno : 1 r I remain your Sister in tho Gospel, -- 4 SMn-nVAADtSjlgecy'- - Please permit me to say that I have been a member of our society since the' date of its, organization land have perused with v pleasure your invaluable "paper, have been delighted with reading the letters froth different settlements through the Territory; hearing how their societies were getting I have looked the papers over along'. and over again to try to find tf Hester from our society but failed. Ignorant as I am I will drop you a few - lines. We held our meeting on Sunday, the eighth of the ' present month. Bishops Samuel Wooley and A. Gardner were present, they gave us good instruction on the principles of the gospel and more especially on raising our children. Bishop A. Gardner gave us said we had taken a great great praise, ' load from him in- taking care of the poor; told us to press forward and we should be blest. Sister Cooper, the' first counselor then thanked them, and herself and a few other sisters bore their testimonies and tho meeting was adjourned. .Prayer by- - Sister: ' , ' '' Bear Exponent 13 th, 1875. - inakirig and desired u3lopersovere in the path of 'duty. X He made some" excellent remarks in regard i to the United Order,' saidr it was' the,.only thing that" would do away , with'selfbhness; asked tHo, people if thoy were ready .for 're- -. baptism and spoke of round dances "as be- I ng against counsel. ; The President Mrs.' Sarah' Graham: then called fpT;a! vote to 'seewho would refrain ' ..S., R. S. Society. liit. : . j ') Rebecca Wareh a ji? : - " '' . - ::x::.L:y andi-humbl- ng , : 7. ' West Jordan Ward Aug. ad-dress- ed yith. the improyemeni - - , " v 1 Minutes of the Young Ladles Retrench- ment Association of the First Ward. Af. ter; the 'opening' exercises and reading of ther minutes an essiiv was rpAtl hv Mrs A. Fletclier. i President Mrs. Sarah Graham the meeting in a very pleasing and encouraging spirit, she was followed by her counselors Mrs. A. Campbell and Mrs. J. VanTassellj Mrs. M4 Q.iChaso President of the Rer lie! Society , spoke .In a: very .impresivo manner; after, whlchiMiss S. Smith, Miss A. Adams atd Mrs.t A. Fletcher expressed their ', e feelingsilni an earnest spirit Mrs, M. Hawkins bore .her testimony lso; Mrs. Shipp from the ;Elcventh.ir.Wardf:th.en;. spoke .Upon the subject of Retrenchment and hen Idea ofvwqmanand' her work ; ; also . spoke of obedience. Superintendent Mrs. : RHiggs : - ' . ; - We nrot prospering and iiope to continue tinue j. so." TVe-i are gathering J straw and we hope Ls6on to f be engaged in; straw, braiding. Wo feel to encourage all ;- . t-i- An- Courts Tishy payls, Martha "Jairbanks, ." .V are doing everything and your in your'power to establish this most useful . branch of industry among tho sisters in Zion, I thought a few words from one who has been accustomed to feeding worms and "making silk from her childhood might not '; bc"m&I!TrL-- r 'Sr J .:. I have had a few wormafor tho last threo wars, but I have not taken sufficient' to make a business of it yet, nevertheless my experience proves conclusively that, if wo immediately take measures to procure mulberry trees' and put them where they .will be most secure from frost and work with a will, it will yet be a source of untold wealth for Utah. There arequite a number hero who have a few ofthe trees on their lot?, and Ihave requested them to saveN the cuttings. If we can procure a suitable place to set them out this fall, we shall send to the City for a large quantity. Since Wri the above I have applied to our County Judge for a half block owned by the County in the southeastern part of town, in a very favorable locality as regards frosts. The Judge could not say whether the County would sell it, but thought perhaps the Society might obtain a lease of it for a 'Specified time. If wo can get it and are successful In getting the trees started we can make a very fair beginning, with what- trees we have In the gardens. If you have any suggestions to make, or a word of counsel to offer it will bo most thankfully received. I think your visit to our place will result in great good to the sisters here, I can already see a marked ' change, and think wo are awaking to a sense of our duty. Your Sister in the Gospel, which was severely felt, by all r in the So ciety, as well as those r Who ever, had the pleasure of her acquaintance.. She had faithfully discharged the duties of Treasurer for over seven years, and genuine sor. row was felt at her death. Our President Mrs. - Hyde, motioned . at our last meeting that the Secretary write a few lines to the Expondnt to let them and others know that woTaro doing all in our co-labor- ers The Electing of itio Senior; and Junior Retrenchment Associations, in the Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Au g. 14th, 1875, - was characterizedwith much of the spirit of the present reformation The minutes from the different wards Co-operati- wnl to silk'raisinff. and knowing that you " REPORTS. ; What a difference a few miles will malca in surrounding scenery as you travel along and what is still more curious difference also in climate, temperature and growth of "vegetation. Taking a north westerly courso from Fillmore, our route lay for tho most part through a vast tract of land covered with, grease wood, a miniature forest, int terspersed with broken glades grassy and wun now ana men a llowcr Iinincr r green, its modest head to grace tho beauty of the scenej groups of trees, hill and dales, mako up tho resemblance. 