WOMAN'S EXPONENT 18 THE WIFE'S APPEAL. ' L few wi'ki.slaco thoSaa FranciicaChrciuclo .pub, 41 lltihcd, as did the Woman's Journal," mo visoruu protest of a lady against the advertisement of her husbanda. suowarning the public ayalast her on hH account scrlbortothe "Chronicle," Capt..W. Clifford, or .iau. S. Infantry, stationed at Camp Baker, Montana Terriwhich will strike a tory, furnishes the following lines, chord In many a heart. 0 v I married hopcsarilcd. him full of br&htr fond I gave him , nevertopart; : r him all that a poor girl could, a pure .and upright r .. Ho is a man of honcsl. fame. ju3t in his daily life, To alltmt his own children and hlhelpless ; t takes my work, and ray darling ones, must I loose 7 rmy own good name? 'VyM;i!LiJ'i -- The own for is but half-hiwealth w both have striven " ' AATfH Ayi:'. by right; ngrj: But until the laws aro nltered, 'tis on his sWo lies the; Ho "7 -h s .77-- might Life to me was :i-.;v- UJii. the fields through I workedjn " toobtain; 7 ... - . - bright; . , gain. " : 'riTn? him with a I I would put the house in order, and would greet, 7 7 -.. : . And though they were his as much as mine, the blame 7 -- r I had to beny ''::'lr'f) ,. 77 ' " : v ' - : i- r ' -- "7care, ' "Camp Baker Montana." ..",.; R. - ayear;: J ',- "' ,' - ..' . , ' has to soy: 'rr'r': Notice. All persons ore hereby warned and heed this well they must ; I,- -: 1 "SI wife has gone from my bed and board, and her they j cannot trust. " ' Any bills of her contracting I declare I will not pay; Sho had no cause for leaving me, whatever she may say. "She will come back again and work; I will make no adv f l..: ' vance: To get along alone la the world a woman has no chance. Bbe thinks she can live without me. Ha, haj Just wait ;r. ... youll see ... : , ;"v.';' -Bho'll quit that notion very soon, and humble enough she'll be; ; v r .. . .. i;:- ; , For the prcporty .both worked for ii now all mlae by law; ;. And the children, too, I claim as raiae, my titles have 7 noflaw, She can't get the upper hand of m;i no matter.how she .. may strive; , Just let her stay away from me and we'll geo jow sho ; . 7-- wUl thrive," - - - ;;,':.:';...; By the husband of my youth my babes father this is i. . , said, And my name Is published far aad wide Ob, would that I were dead) As one unirorthf the confidence of any living souh And he treats the matter lightly, as though It were some- ! thlcgdroIL TThen we married I had nothing, and he was about tho ' . same, we But all have earned together since Is held now In his V name., , lama woman lone and weak, health, strep gth and spirits - - : gone; . : , - . - - . . . . ' . 1 ing 'S'. j- ' re-ferr- ed , . his people, ho answered that he taught them correct. principles and they governed them' selves. Counselor E. R. Snow said she felt to : say God bless all those who were starting out even iri a small way and endeavoring to build up . . that Mrs. TES. Barney 4old the people Br. Schettler had mulberry leaves for those, who wished them, arid at BrriPipet's there was a young man who could iimpart all necessary instruction relative to silk culture. She felt" as Sister Snow did that all: who would step forward' in these branches of Home Industries would prosper, Babyfoil and then we would be lon would surely " there-fore'- it ; compelled Jto resort4 to home-madwas necessary to make a commence- menr. 7 ' "i "J ;:':::7'"-7 was preserit admith . Wm. dressed the sisters uponJ the subject of mothers teaching true and - correct principles to their children and the bearing it would have upon them in : after! life, 7 introduced the subject of: faith and of minister--in- g properly to to the sick, prayed God to bless the sisters and; assist them in their laudable undertakings : and expressed his heartfelt gratitude for being permitted to come and listen Ito their instructions. ; 77 1 e, " 7 : . "u7;-:n-Br- .. o - : - EEPORTS. -- -. He would always, always love me. !"Kow hear; what he . - -- But they died content, for the man I loved had bade I them never fear. That his love for me was pure and strong, would never .dleaway,7;' a ; ' of the Senior The and Junior Retrenchment Associations tin the Fourteenth Ward Assembly. TRooms ' June 12 , 1875, was one calculated to im press all present with the importance, of moving forward in the cause of Home In dustries. The speakers seemed endowed with the spirit of this most esssntial under7 ....TX-,..'.I;':. T7 taking. .7 President Mrs.7M. I. Home first arose and in a very earnest manner, expressed her gratitude to God, that she was permitted 7 to live in this day, and share in all its blessings and privileged. Sho referred to the Saviours parable of the net that was cast Into the sea which brought forth fish ; of all kinds, and likewise to- - the parable of the . virgins, some of whom were asleep or unprepared, while others were ready to meet any emergency. She. thought these sayings very applicable to this people; urged the sisters to arouse themselves and exert air their energies to assist in building; up the kingdom of God, that they might bo among, ' the chosen. Counselor Z. J). Young; follow-ed with remarks in the same channel, to the community being in a state of bankruptcy, and that it was in consequence of importing and riot exporting; said it was the same in other places upon , the same principles; spoke of young people being flattered and led away by those who did not believe In our faith,' and the responsibility of mothers; She said it was once asked of Joseph Smith how he governed Semi-MonthlyTMeet- .'IV1 ' '. rr - -.;- .;:;"'-.7'7'::tjul - ; -' 'Hitiii'f;tf iiy-Vi- . Ilia work was done when evening came and shadows of y: twilight fell, i : But mino was never ended, as many a mother can tell; And though at times he Was peevish, and flung at me bitter sneers, f;"w J'l "He loves at heart," I said, and tbU thought kept back : theteara :y":-y That at times would rise unbidden, when a ' vision of : ; childhood's home , f The dear, dear father and mother, each bush and moss- : covered stone, , . i (,.,--) Would, lflte a dream of the past, greet my worn and ' weary brain, And make me long for mother, to be clasped in her arms .' . again. r . ( The dear, dear father and mother had been dead for many ' ''- idol- - - , .. , . . ,j:A;..-;7;-?:n7-ized, w May feel the degradation of being thus advertized. Fathers cannot live forever; - mothers surely pass away, , Daughters', sisters, toil and suffer, broken .hearted every. 7 i day. Fathers, brothers, change the statutes, to your own, . . ';"' l,r; .7-,7, , protection lend; , , 7.,p us ; and make work on this Give All we ask 13 what we f . ri' T' ; -jit-- ! r TTTrf v 1.' anendv"-Of law3 unjust and cruel. To your love t we thusTap- -, peah r We, your daughters and your sisters, all may yet theso sorrows feel. 7 7 Then before your loved ones leave you to trust another's " -7- x:vi 7; Right these shameful wrongs and evils father's brother's hear oar prayerj r . . i : For their little, heedless, childish faults; and though her ; ; loved them well, -:-7 'Twas "mamma" shielded them from tho blows that " n sometimes harshly fell.-- v" " zZ-far -- y, weary and Though my hands might be hot an3 blistered, ".. lore my feet 77 ";'": Tbe children-wer- e always tidy, one after another they 7 " smile ..-- . .r.r-o-'- fondly loved, nay Every cherished, petted darling, : - , - - o- : denied? Mothers arouse! .for your daughters lift your voices ' ..' and wide; . :7:f,. 7 strove with a will to make a home. And when the ' light. . 'JT'ZTTTjT' nigbt was xugh7 -- r- ?vi Wasted years and bitter mem'rles all my Jays are turn- t r's ed tO night. (.!'!f!.;vr.iV Shall our wail still fall unheeded? Must bur plea b still I wrried In the house, I mliketf the cows no h Jred help A ud ':f ..with blight, . ?rH--.'vr'';- r Bnt tho end is dust and ashes, all the promise stained v haying.whsn help was hard r;-:-v;' of promise ot a future; clear and fu'H FearlestlJeft the haven where my days had teen The money we saved by my toll belonged to cur cbrii n:6n - i 7i. , self-sustainin-g. be-h- zJL. ; " , aptl v To others soft as velvet, to them ho Is hard as steel.- fair my' rae to thus, Impairing What right has ho brand . :: ;. i; and pride; and I asked no love beside. He was my all, my only one, him ten for long years, followed throug h And I clung to good aim in, Though at times tho way was thorny and was oftentimes ; . She remarked that Sister Horner Sister Barney arid herself were appointed as a committee to obtain means tojriirchase machinery to commence weaving silk; but they had found very few who were willing to donate unless there was money in it; filthy lucre , had been the watchword in the world, and no w it had o wnfpiiwrtrd fllrionf?7the! Saints: if this had not been the case there would have been millions of mulberry cuttings put7 out this springand the silk culture would have been progressing. 7 Bhe said it was just as a brother had dreamed,the saints were asleep, she was tjiankfui there were a few who - came to that! meeUngf but7 how3 compared1 to - tho large number x)t; the of being ? These he rules with an iron rod, and there cau be no heart. J him loved ah, I loved him well, with a "trusting hope I '.. ' hard-worke- d, , re-pons- lve r Zion, but there were few comparatively who were willing to advance in the undertaking God of ' justice, right Tho laws are not made for women this wrong! . . - SmitjJjelp, May 3Ist Dear Editor: "l 1875. 77: 'c Our annual meeting, was held May, 12th, After singings and grayer, the Treasurers report was presented, and accepted; President JETi Jdorehead Wade reriiarksj was satisfied "with the labors of the Society ; exhorted those present to be iaithful and to use their influence for; the building up of Zion, that the people niight become self-sustaini- ng Fortyreight sisters were received as members of the society. v Several 1 c.7 articles were read from tho Woman's Exponent Coun. Adaline Barber made remarks; also Sisters Rebecca Roskeily, Jemima Garnet, and , sister Hendrick,. f from Richmond. AH spoke well, exhorting those present to be faithful, 'to keep in mind their duties as Xatter-da-y Saints, spoke of the blessings in store for those who endure to the end. v.:irn .v 7 Mr& Morehead then organized President Association a Retrenchment with' Adaline Barber, as President." There are eight Counselors, eight teachers, a Secy and Treasurer iri the organization." I presume ' their Secretary Sarah Ellen Longton, will send you a report, ,u .Jane S.' Coleman. Puovo City, June loth,: 1875. i : Editor Exponent: : r ; . ; u , One or two brief items, in relation to the progress of the Relief Soclety of tho Fourth Ward of this city, I submit to you as proof of the unfolterinf labors of the sisters of f .tra ; this ward.., .! : In May last, the Seventh Annual Meeting of the Society was held In the Fourth Ward . School House. -- Sister Ruae A. Holden siding; the meeting was addressed by. Pres. Holden for some time, in her usual pleas. 