Asa 127 ' WOMAN'S EX POXENT. THE , CHILDLESS HOMEL; tie. imagination, blended with faith for parent's heart, to' bean No home, can :eve be the same again into which one immorta being: rose to conscious lifc,and saw ir heav en of love in a mother's eyes. Birth is the great sacraments T3ut tholiome: that has had no such baptism,' cold, dull and I dreary is it at the best, with none of the poetry, o life in it, no legends of angels trailing; about it, and no starhshiningoverrit to ' indicate i d people consider Many childlessness a peculiarly fortunate circum-stancIt relieves them from, many cares, annoyances and vexations. It abolishes the nurse, sleepless nights; good Mrs. Winslo w, and the cradle. It gives opportunity for parties, balls.3 'the opera, and sundry trips to thejnjountainsjand seajshore, which would be exceedingly inconvenient if a little trou-- , that had to.be taken along or left be- newly-marrie- e. . X j it is favored "of neaven-Golde- n . States as a silk manufacturing State, havihg kilk factorles with 'a capital s.ofc twenty-fiv- e $3,450,000. . as 3XAssAcnCSETT8 ; 50011 to have a relorm-- . atory prison for4tvomen, ail the- oftlcera ofr yhich', excepting the r Superintendent, 'TreaU' - surer and Steward ,;aro to bo women "Age,5 - A vein has been discovered iio tha maiar shaft of Jthc Sherman Mine at Caribou- - Whr of "brittle" silver, intermingled with pjirett sulphate of .silver, that will, pay $20,000 a ! PAPEIt ONTIIE BOSTON FIRE, show-article- ; Connecticut ranks third in the United i bie-mak- er hind.. There is nobody to litter the flours, s' turn the upside downJ and FACTS AND FIGURES. ! ffeuerau.v:.ana tnere aro no . Uunou3 results fouotfed some ot the ex sobs nor saualis. which those mav call mu- : sift" whnhnvW n n i W sn oh son nrf wh iVh periments made upon charred, papers and - Ex-G- o v; .Bou t well; of Massachusetts! haa our jlmsselp;':liaye. not., And , then, Documents, ana me examination oi dooks been careful experiments as to very, making " worthless" in the ;which lnfe3 landlortls the proved areso civil whff th6y are what it cost? to raise corn In that Statd. ;un greai firelIt is the ,open sesa; told, ''No j2ildrenj5i)iat his 'best soil it cbsis sixty-eigcehti;i)er call makers cohsiderably pbor or paperaper soii:tcr tills harder on .mejpany desimblelsuitepf apartments andt bushel; but love of a cottage;. 'Indeed, many of our clayedA stood .the test bestv f Parchment it would cost heavy more, or$l.00. "4 look upon no children paper useaior oonasana icgai documents, 7' fwHheiirlrdaWin as the universal panacea Tdjp"ffielllI6Tlife arid tho infallible recine for connifhiiii: nhri Wistered so ,it couldf be fread Ywtferi nieambn: who "pwneda'p plowing indeed all other. happiness. . , (he writing was illegible. o;it ws .with team and went about-- ? the country1 uuuu-n- g wun at as on do mis farmers ; or aay notes, an gumng, they But after a while the brightest and most the. engraved work ' books burned and charred, machines. Then it took one manvtb4 engaging couples tire of receptions, theaters, ?n the account near concerts, and the like. The appetite for ex- - showed out as bright and clear as when the d ri ve, one to hold th e plow, .and; oneJo ' ;'V: r:i!i' beam. ci teirient becomes sated; The relish for nr- - books :we re new, which brings; up the ; ques- tificiai enjoyments gets, cloyed. $1q desire tipn that if to;introquce gilUedged,, apcouht AtABAMk iron5 is 'shipped to Charlestdn1 on not the ground jhat and thence to Kngland. Upon this- - change' betvveii, for comfort and quiet takes the place of the booksiwould crilt the would the fetay passacre ofi I fire to of affairs tho THohtgomery Ad vertiserf!ij- feyerisH Graving tor adtive pleasures.- -- To sit down at home over an entertaining book; the pages within. Books crammed into a marks: This is reversing.the tlde.riIt w ' to break the .monotony of an evening by a safe,' so thatit w$s 'lifficult to get them 6ut,; but a rs ago i that England ; supplied;! 16ss fha'nj suffered chit-chaUhpse.ithat considerably, a few touches of music, J he Western world with iron.-- Jinmemmo pleasant 1 J tz t' J liiP owu, y.. he mistress of the seal? must look up ...,OUu10 or an amusing game; to be warned ott to f e,eBCV m . else which safes If t ...v.i .if r.rvml I .jvtas worth. f 11 everything bed by velvet-foote- d dreams; stealing over . . .r V !r'it ' j. 5 the senses and filling the fancy with drowsy less, were, o. .iar,preryyu 41 ui,. Tue Toledo "Journal" thus suras thQ. matrf.; , in variably, come in delights-the- se "F.-.things the ballot can ,Uoi rightfully 2 s a yearning for some- - charred papers; which .could not be; made ter up: If time. And woman, it. can .bo rom.to from, ' ihins- thn heart has not a looking for what transparent by any Jight whatever used, it withheld poor manl Iff frbni thtj poor hianthen;Klbfj after the employment of fr jbuhd, tho. rnnm tlans not rnnfnin: fi fpfil i n -uAz'-nAnOxalic' acid, chalk. vdycefrneTatfd'thtr from theuneduatfid man i!t.X'JLXt' uioistened them educated irianj' then; aIsQ; from the cdmhiotf lngstliat anythmthat the cradle does not come. The aversionao thdn n to a certain stage -- to which it was delicate peopled "If froin the comuion people," r..osa the linss, also7 from the aristocratic classes.rrlf from io sorS, has become chronic; but little Two king doeai an? ures1egihle through a mag. the 'aristocratic classes; then the, Shoes is a tyrant, land wherqver he sets up imli indeed rule by divine right, and republics I hi ouiau or tno affO." iKiaorcrAgt "nty-- - hnmhnfys experience mat ieaa pencu irsa: of disorder" shall prevail The desire for show put all fight where ink marks cannot l LtTjiE Kew York "Times'f makes an elabdr- somebody to pet, and play wi th; and i dote be distinguished: : The success of tile use' ate review ie does labor'imafketritsAcondiM( upon "gmwB to"a 'huiigeT,a which ; alas, noted. been of ; .has' already photography not feed itself, and only gives way to the tions and prospects, and concludes therefrom:: " V ; Boston tT." Advertiser , , thaf trades "are not so languishing' agi atthli r. morp painfui neea or tnat sympatny,: anec which time in several past years. The number ofi tion," friendship; solace ;and support ; none. but, a child can supply. There may be unskilled laborers is large, as is always tyo WBITING FOR NEWSPAPERS. .t but a" child shall keep at CaSO iVOrKincr WOiUtJU,aru uuay . w naw., . .wealth:" yet who ouy inat greai uruuu ui vuituica auu yuiuiu-- i K0mo dcod e estimate the ability or a news as dnll prospects before them rants which neck remorselessly at the life of paper and the talent of its editor by the quanti- - and for these tie consideration ot tno Chari- whnnwr hna.a tiursft'? .There mav be social tv of original matter which it contains. 'c The tably disposed is bespoken.. -- Altogether tn Journal" truthfuly, Bay: It. is AiAn ori AVnn fvimohnf Impmntv nnrt T'Literary ian situation is considered far from" disbourag-- " a f frothy, writer to for easy task; paratively :tu ,'."T7T'. 1""", wuu pour out daily columns 'of words-wo- rds Darren are an nonors wm r upon ' ' . iuumjuivu the breath Of thefr wearer? The home may ftTi ftnd ail RhfpL. His ideas mav flow in ' A v fn fn inns little 6ulinar implement' be"apalace; but its splendid. haUsjwUl be- command of language may enable bint to Btring was lately shown in Paris ht: cold and cheerless as the. forecourt of a sepbunches of onions, and yet t nlnhm if hnv nrnT not, made the portals of 4 Riem together like be ameagre and poor concern, of Gastronomic Products a no vci; gridiron his jKr may paper heaven by the prattle, .the merrylaugh, and jnaeeaVthe mere writing part of editiiii?a toa- - and baking oven all in one. It consists - of u unt a small portion of the work." The an oblong quadrangular sheptiron bpx, open innocent hilarity, of children, through whom the. Divino f iPaternity-- bestovys perrerinial care, the time employed in selecting, i far more at the top and;at ono end, vand standing on n v i y vouth.JL ana noper ana top has a : neumg ; 01 iron : - ' eariniy lmmoruiuiy ter fielections liia than anything else; four feet: Theover shown by v . upon parents here.;,,. it, and on thisgiowing. know is half the battle. Butt wire stretched andthatweall i Of nil cheerless, unnatural places m,.the we haVe said, an editorought to be estimated charcoal is placed. A gfifliron slide3 i most ana the and his labors understood and appreciated' y theopen end under the fire. iThe juices world, a childless home, is quite, j nnrvimfnrt'ihlft. Thnro is somethiflcr 0PD"res- - the Ererieral conduct of his fats of the mcatpoultry. fish, etp., melted f its temper-- its uniform, consistent course-- its and beneath sive ,in its vacancy. Its stillness is stifling, a into '.the gridiron, panf aims its manliness its dignity its proi riety. drop x ,,rw ifl " . To mo-neodors of burning grease aro' Mino is disagreeable thCsu as they should be preserved preserve the wire1; 1.10 xuu uuujo iu tueru. enough to occupy fully the time anil attention given" out. No ashes sift through Father has once placed one of His litte ones, 0f any raan. if to this be added the general network on the meet lowi. unicss inc ,urp. for howover short a stav. is transformed by supervision of a newspaper 'establishment, is sUrred When it becomes necessary, 10 wonto the most nWd editors havp encounter, rnn nP.vnrlosG the charm which v; tf ot inn meddle with the fire, the gridiron ; is to alL to at find time write can is how dcr they of: that mysterious : coming, - nor the light be removed for a moment and then re : .very Saturaay. that streamed through the" door of the noise placed. Tho heat of tho firo may. at tho less departure. Jhat door is open, and no same time bo empioyea ior iuu purpus vi ; set .upon side hand can shut it; and just on the other Tnn railways get about $8,000,000 a year boilihsr waterin a pot or kettle;. . the fire. ';. V the nnseon child engages in gambols, or is for transporting mail matter. some sort of stand- over ' ... ... , ...v ...j busied with tasks, which it needs but a 1 m' , mnLm11 ir"1-"'- " i. mHKo-comusi- on 4 ht one-thir- d newly-marriedJol- ks tdt ? " y--- -- on-th- ' e - few-yea- 3 t, toa J - M- - T ii.-- : mmv-- ! then-come- - , AriS -- tt. ' j:t fsi : Pmade ' : - - - " of-tl- , ; ... a apJLPla, ; -- v-t " - - . , . . . -- -- -- the-Exposido- h - -- ; buw. ; : in'ar -- parer-its-ton- 1 o- -- a 6" w ; - -r . . . . ; 1 111-- -- . ' 11 11 j.-- i - ifm-iiairw- , :.. : 