' - ' J. On tho stand were the brethren For (be EipoxeSt. . A PRAYER OF THE HEART. C Shaw and V; Christiansenv- Wil-son,- a mother in Israel she felt that she had a right to talk; to them a little. She -4 spokejof the first organization ofUhe young ladies-r-sal- d it was introduced iJ)y revelation from God &c; Gave som e accourit mahnerjin which it yas opposed j and even iby parents,rWhoto could,see no nccessityfor,, yonng people educate themselves, in the religion of Jesus. That parents only'.nc'ed--edihi- s men-a- s C; - : 3 After singing arid prayer, tho meetiqg was addressed by Counselor Mr. Johnson, upon the necessity of union and the respori- eibilities of mothefsv MrStanley and Mrs. Barnum spoMjiiostly feupQn;the subjectof using good Jangauge. ;?resd en t Mr$. r 141-"- -, jenquist thanked the sisters for1 decorating the house for the occasionjfevesome goo5 counsel and instruction exhorted the young, lad ies to use their, influence. to do away, with,f round dancing, and asked the Lord to bless them'Ac.; ; The j brethren; then addressed ' tho meeting ;encouragingiy ; after which Jvlder G. Cliaw Vrbaddn address to 3the. Retrenchment Society by Miss; E. R. 0u6w, ? Why am I so weak, and .weary Ot life's warfare here on earth? Why do charms that onbe allured mei Fill my heart no more with mirth? I have proved them to be fleeting, Oh how vain they seem to me! When I think of Joys eternal That will never cease to be. --f Who haa dried ray falling" tears? - - -- has cheered 'my, heart In eorrow?. : Who , ' - , ' ; Gently whispering of .When wonjd ceaso my "guilty fears." : : . . ; , When in days of tribulation, f When my soul was In despair, . t. my Balvation, Daubtlnjo'cnof - Who then heard Ilia servants prayer? ' ' ... ' , jv:darkness Who burst the clouds of round me, f And gave hope beyond the grave, Peace and comfort to surround mo ' ; " ' V.- -i : ' It I unto truth would cleave?. ) j Itwas Jesusmy Re4cemer; , : ; . 'Wbocamohere on earUi to die, ' " '' That we might receive sanation H V i With the pure and rood on high Father! heir my voice I pray tboe : ' ' ' diva me grace to iersevere; i ' . I That my UHU may neveWail mo' .: : ' While I am a pilgrim here. , Teach my loved ones that true lesson Wbica was to me la youth: , -' , To seek flrst taught for la6tlng treasures ' Rich with gems of precious truth. ' i - ' 1 . - :; . A - . , J- 1 1 2 - .. -- . Teach mo hor to guide my children". In the straight and narrow way, " ' How to shun the snares of Satan '. A Set to lead us all astray, h . - .? Spare me till my work Js finished i ' Grant mo wisdom day by day . ' That my: sourma bo replenished ...:.. With a f light of heavenly ray. when throuSb with this probation ; ' ,Cn 1 And my soul has been reloased, , I may meet my angel children Vf - With my parents 'mong the blessed; t I J. : And be welcomed t o the mansion Which may be prepared for me ' ; To receive an exaltation t . , ' ' With the glorlflod and free. , I . ' 7 v ; i book-learnin- book-Iearnin- -- j ld -- - - n her: be- -, :';'forbidde'n:'thing9j:::&hQ,rexpressed NaxcyjM.:Neilson, Secretary.;, 1875." v IIarrisville -May I6th,f ""' i Editor lief ithat the filthytujo pt tobaccojxso-adul- -!3 At . J. 111 leraiwu me .siomaciiaau so uesiroyeo;t ine natural powers of ;tho i digestive j organs, tas to create an Unnatural hankering for. strong, drink,i and lead 1tpr drunkenness With mnyptherinstructlyp remarfe; after; wliich byrjequest of tthe Prest pfrthK :i Exponent:- : .' " Tho ;Relief .v Society at: Ilarrisviile ,held their Annual:MetingiMay Co-operat- ive ? sembly Rooms May 15th, 1875, , was a ipaf." ticularly pleasant and 'inferesting: one.- A handsome .wreath made of hair arid ' nicely framed, was' presented by Miss'"E. 31; Snow4 to tlie .President Mrs. M. 1.- - Homo. V Each of, the younglady secretaries had cbniribu- ted a lock of their hair for thet arranging of tho wreath, their names worn 'riUn in ;.iihw! and it was addressed to tho President as a tributo of respect " To her itunexpected, and it was with some difficulty s.ho could control her feings sufficiently, to' return them her thauks and blessing. 'Ooun, eelor E. R. Snow gavo an entertaining dis- of the. Old Folks. Excursion. cription Mrs. E. S. Barney iriado some suggesiivo remarks In regard to tho yonng" Iadies U engaging in tho, studies; of 'raedeeine and surgery; and tho lectures which were Ho bb given on their account Thd other ' speak-cr- s were Mrs.; S. A. Whitney," Mrs.! R; Grant and Mrs. Watmouph Wh nf k seemingly Inspired with tho1 Spirit of, tho V Lord, prompting them; to dwell, upon tho subjects brought before the meeting by the1 iawucumuu xicr counselors.. ,": - 4 yl ' . r; Co. May 15th, 1875. - Our Relief Society under the. Presidency of Mrs. Christina Liljenquist held: our Seventh Annual Meeting on the lOtli Jnst' at ten oclock a. m. - ? J thY It j 1875.- - was Well attended, the speaklrigr encpurag.. Y ing afid sbengthening tathose present We have not accumulated as much means as some societies, yet we let no 2 one suffer in our midst All tho .society, are willing-tgive as much as they iire able, j jWe have,; ! - , A - proceeded;tp organize thesoyet six young ladies were admitted as members , ; Jt i r by unanimous vote. fjElder Samuel Wilcox, having beeri jnyl-te- d by.resident Mrs. Cook.' 'expressed his,, sanction pf ;what had been sdid,Was tharikiJ iui .iuri.uu uiMvu ueiuj juuue, uuu jor eyery movement for;th'e goc'brzion-sai- d that the cultivation of the young,' on whom great, resporisibility would sobn;;dey6lvei; was brie: of the most important 'things,1 with pother woras 01 insiraciion anu finroiirflP'inpnf-; An 'Anthem Benedictiou by Brother Robert Parker.1 ?' : 4 o at different times appropriated means to- -' wards such purposes as are for the benefit : and building up of the kingdom of God! ,'1 The health of our.President-3Ir3- Melissa Shirtliff has improved since, pur lastreport. We have a'good presidency arid are progress- ing gradually. fiThoso7who take the Exro-.ke"; :VV appreciate its value.;: .'Tours J ' 5 . -- 1 reports. Cache Dear Exponent: ... I 'A y IlYjiUM - 1 well-wishe- d if 7 meeting of the Senior and Junior Retrenchment AV- -' eociation held at tho .Fourteenth. Ward ' . 1, -- .' "v11 ,W was.-entfrei- gf 1 ? r Scrai-Monthi- I ! 1 Tho , f ! ; it;; a ! ; -- 5 . She mentioned peopIeycling.iorijKe from the settlements, arid saying that no retrenchment wa3 needed with them,?hey were not extravagant iri dress tc.Tiien she asked them ' if they had no ignorance to'1 retrench from, no uncouth manners, no evil practices notning atariancp with the tion. E: -- March 51?t, IS73 -. r 'Elder P. the Society p. Christiansen's and partook of a sumptuous d innerlarid lesirectrr -- spirl tpfaheGospel-tcwth 7 icjcaUedlQr ! 'attended a ball in the hall, and enjoyed responses, in favor of retrenchment organ ir themselves In the danced init f zations from their opponents. She referred We are doing all injbur 'power to sustain 1 to the spiritual education pf: children; early home manufacture: we have sent two vouuer' in the church j saying that we had rp wri in-- 1 ; I. ladies to Brigham City to learn braiding; to Sectarianism, so far as sbriie of the gifts of -' the gospel were concerned--youn- g people) uiiujuery occ, aou we Jiope wnn? our: own we exertions and the meansT 7have on hand,--tKnew;nptmng$d oiVxpm'A QWyc.Dyyjepqrt build a house for the society, and to 0s-- ,; f Said g howasL intfVOr of Jbut; tablish Masch6ol for the young ladies ;to j thitalli the I in 1 the eWorld, learn to make riats bonnets and !mkj$ of I would not qualify them tobecpine Queens; the articles we are now importing. arid Priestesses in the courts above. rIt rcr ' Our Report shows we have paid $&8y 'to quired a4 spiritual culture aridred'ucatlohv ' missionaries to S t; Geprgel to' - the P, I She suggested to tri e oung gentlemen lhat . Fund made two quilts the lasi yeaiy besides they move forward lay liold of spiritual and' other articles,arid ministered to the vants bf mental improvement, and; take the lead of ! the poor. We have now in the Treasury $100 the young ladies She urged them to re- We meet every two weeks to work and to spec tHhemsel ves'tooh ighly to subin i t to t h e transact all necessary business, also to im- adulterating habits of the world, izi the: use ? comfort f eadi other We appre-- t iprove'and of tobacco and :liquorsp That ithey-shodelate your valuable paper and wish you sue i not defile their bodies, ( which should- be - fiti . CCSS. K I lr ; n J ; u ,ft: u j ;) n j I, ,f! ; temples' for rthe. Holy I Ghost);iwith:thQs6 r, .Your friend-an- 1 - . -- l nieetlng'then!idjourned.f met at At 2 m. i o truly thankful to see that sqme,of the young ladies of this place were! brave enough to manifest a wish toenter into, an prganiza- -' I , , , , spirituaiiexercise.-Saidheiwas- : " of-th- ? Truly1, . 'Mary; t-- -" 'E 1 nt f 'V" : TAiVLoiti 'SecretaryJ ' ' . lTinntr5 .. ; ;,. I 'ill oi or Th r the Yoang, Ladies Retrenchment Associa-i- i tion ofit Cedar Fort held in tho 3 Meeting; house April 21st, '1875. v! z r, v T , 5ij t Meeting opened by singing OhiGod"tho God that rules on highVPrayer by Brother, &imuel WilcoxSinging; ."Sweetly : .may; ' the blessed 1 8pirit--y- ,i ; ? l'ti'tflS.:.'.!, vl -, t- phronia Cook,who presided, addressed : the. large audience, saying sho was pi eased, tto; see H ;many of tho brethren manifest an Interest by being , present fin Uus Vkx"asIori-Th' in the Church and Kingdom of God" the interests of men and Women are the" same; iuan ha no. interests separate, fronr that of worn en, however it "may, be in the. outside world, our interests are all 'united. She. was happy to see so many of the young' at 1 -- j A tho 23rd,.we hadWpleasarit vis- itlromIiss Eliza R: Snow ano! ..Mrs.1 Ut;S. flnqw., .tHelda'meetlnginl hejabernacie1-at z cvciop.K t. m. Mister I'L." It Snnw iva sbme good 'instructions tothe sisters,' speak-"- " ing plainly .of'their ;duties as members1 of the Relief Societyand showing the differ" enco there would bo. in the 'future, in; the positions of those, who had attended duties and magnified. their call ing to1 'those' whP had neglected to do so; urged upon "tho sisters trie necessity of stepping forward and helping tb'establish Home Industries;' said that President Young had made a special call to the Relief Societies to assist lu' . ; Miss E. R. Snow by request of Mrs. Sor ; it 'H eiiEiir, lay 2dthri875-.-1 Editor Woiiakts Exponent: i1 i 1 ill On-Apr- il - 'tbelr' j- ' A meeting w as appoi n ted for ' -. .- . : ' . .... ; '" ' th e e ve n i n g. ;' ( 