nent grounds of his organization, if hohas promises to improve materially. All of tho largo alimentiveness, invite him to a' good large newspapers of the country are recog-suppe- r, and never ask JLfavor of him on an nizing the necessity of having able, impar-empt- y Miis. Elizabeth IC CuunciiiLL, has stomach. If it is approbativenessand tiai letter-writer- s there, while the attention jus$ reforned to her home, No. 138 Pine St, to the selecting and forwarding of Providence, R. :L,frbm a very successful philoprogenitlveness, praise his children, given Porhaps by this course you can smother the immediate telegraphic news,increases every lecturing tour id the West but if you do not find yourself yearojpaper.pfany pretentions to It is said of Mrs. M. II. Holt, of South sleeping lion; make a little study of phrenology fluenco is now without its telegraphic cor-Edmestoii, Ni Y., that through her efforts and physiognomy, which are great indexes respondent at Washington, and all the lead- united; Svith) a few other faithful workers, to the human mind. ') mg journals make special arrangements for riot one drop of HquOr is now sold in that adcontinuous letter-writin- g '.Belief Society Our Sisters, in their during the session, m-- l Of ... . . a ha3 become , Community innta plaCC Jt nnrl Unrf n,.Minnl nifn1tnrV wnrlr rl.irin vnl n nMho r r caring for the sick, often come in contact cation." WOMAN'S BECORD. ful, : wr WuhkxN ner oi nirae fczou a on recommenuauuu ui with the good, who from some unforseen iuinisier, iius. graweu a peu&igu circumstances have been left, crippled in year to ine wiuow 01 uiovani thair rowers. To such it is a comfort to ad- - viutuuia, E v by.de s C r i pti on Battista Faleieri, the errant of Byron, who minister relief; and they feel blessed, as the or in his is celebrated the writings of master, giyer as well as the receiver. And O Jj 0 T H JN G , B O OTS, SHOES, --- f as welPas in: those of MooreBogers atd ho - .......L. .:.akd We might go on, bringing to notice-th- e -' GENEBAL DRY GOODS. , Shelley, by tlie name of. Tita." different traits of character possessed by in :Miss :NEAp"Avho,"jW f f Miss Grundy," is dividualsr untiLwo should wea and Home-mad- e . Socks, iamilLar to most newspaper readers, is dan ject, while yet not half the peculiarities of I Large Assertment of gerously ill: she has been in poor health for human nature had been touched upon. 13 ut Latter-day as we do that CONEY FURS, GAPE AND MUFF, 53.50. two ori three years. Miss Snead deserves a as Saints, knowing separate nicne in tuo mstory oi wasniugton w'o must learn 10 see anu act aiixe m mi Flno Line of LADIES' CORSETS. She vvas tho first "society matters of importance, before wo can bo journalism. " from Washington City, tirely owned and blessed of God our Father; H. E. Phelps, eternal 29 East Temple Street. having access tothe greay The Crown Princess of Germany haspre- us and for sented as a Christmas gift to the widow of founta4in ' r en-writ- er -- and improve every correct and II. DINWOODEY ur tu3 imPulse Statistical Office, in recognition of his active assistance to the CrownTPrincesVa ef-- a?d.,to.r?ot 0UJ' overcome and thrust aside Wholesale a Betail Furniture Dealer. a mat is unpleasant, unpromaoie anu un- fArta foVthA flmfilfnrfltiAn nf fhA finniAl Largest Assortmeut la Utah. true. Try. He ho removed his Furniture from Main St.to his three ' thalers to Her pension. storey Brick Store, GOOD MORNING." . Miss Ellen D. Labned, of Thompson, CORNER. BLOCK WEST OF FIRST SOUTH ST., ' has commenced sub Ct, just, issuing by Bon t forget to say "good morning!' ' Say scription the first volume, of the History of Wind ham Go., Ct' Iter first date is 1676,1 It to your paron ts, your brothers and sis-ana she has spared no pains in copying old ters, your schoolmates, your teachers, and H. WALLAU15 records." ! The Jastt Has the best, largest and purest stock of say it cheerfully and with a smile; it will do voted, to unearthing everything of ancient you 'good. There's a kind of inspiration in in Salt Iako citji" Just the place for ladies even thaLcouldJnte every "good morning," heartily aud smil- thisnoble old county.. The second volume! ingly spoken,that helps to make hope fresh-t- o purchase. is in an aavanced state, and her friends pre-- 1 er ana worK iigiiterr it seems really to diet that the complete work from her bril-- 1 make the morning good, and to be a CfLTJB RATES. liant pen, will be one of the most marked prophecy or a gooa day to come after it. - historical works that have ever been pro-- 1 And if this be true of the "good morning." it is SO also Of all kind, heartsome crreetiners: Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the part ducpd by a woman. Publisher, to increase the circulation of the they cheer the discouraged, rest the tired of 'juii;one. and somehow make the wheels of Hfo Extoiciht and aid in promoting tne oDjects coniem- PECULIAltlTIES OF HUMAN NATUBE. run more smoothl v. Be liberal with them hi ita publkaUon, by making it trulj an expo- of Bcnt of J1 thc7tmcn, UUh' "J then,and let no morning pass, however dark The scriptures say that God made man af-- and do not at ter his own likeness, but through lapse of least gloomy toit may be, that you smiles and tridely circulated expression of their thoughts, ice offer help brighten by your the following liberal term to cluba for the present uu tuaUg vi circumsiances a great cheerful words. variety is me apparent result, rll mention 10 copies; 1 year with a copy to the getter up of a few of the most striking features in this $13 00 " the club. COBBECT SPEAKING. great change. There is the Negro race, and of to the 15 copies, 1 year, with a copy another prominent feature is the giant and . getter up - 2C 00 . the club, the dwarf, and in fine, each individual is Wo advise all young people to acquire the 20 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of unlike another, and as we view in tho whole habit of correct speaking and writing, and tbe club, and framed steeencrating 12 x 16 inches, of President Brigham Young, selling human race this endles3 variety we are led to abandon as early as possible any use of SI 00 $20 price, to conjecture, whether, the inner man is as varied as the outer man. By research and live, the more difficult tbo acquirement o7 and tho aid of science, we are supported to Correct language Will be; and if the golden graying of Preaidcnt Brigham Young, hand43 00 H someJy framed, selling price form a correct conclusion j and the inference age of youth, the proper season for the ac we draw is that the outer man is the symbol quisition of language, be passed in abuse, Clubs can be commenced at yuiy time, and additions or type of the inner. - And in the unfortunate victim, if neglected, is very can u made alter the first list of names has been sent s the organiza. up or ciubs mouia nouiy tion of men we see great extremes, which properly doomed to talk slang forlife. Jloney Geturs sent in. often amounts to deformity. v To is unnecessary to procure this education, so that we can credit them with all names a in speak of each subi vague manner, some are all mouth and some Every man has it in his power. IJe has In all cases glre the name and residencewith the time to use the language Which he reads, briber, plainly and correcUy written, all tongue These two features, merely particularly instead of the subscription U to commence, and whethcr for the latter, I would shun and flee slang which ho hears; to form from as his . taste from the best speakers and poets whole or half year. irom a scorpion. Then there is the egotist who thinks that no one can tiro of him; the in the country; to treasure up choice phrases Money can be remitted by regUtercd letter at the risk bump of self esteem make his head quite in his memory and habituate himself to f the publishers. top heavy. And then again thero is the their use, avoiding at tho same time that Subscriber deslring the address changed from one bully-- r don't know, any other namo" to1 call pedantic precision and bom bast.Whichshows Post Ofilce to another should send us their former, as , him by, who3o bumps of combativeness and the weakness of vain ambition, rather than weasttelrewddress.--- -, j: ladles throughout the Tenl- destructivencss are so' great that if he is the polish Of an educated man. We hope that agents and Socle-tcry, especially Presidents andOCcers of Relief neighbor to you and you do not want to mi a w'iUnf tin clubs, br biintrine the Ex live in hot water, you had better turn the The and to the notice of correspondent of tho key of your gate, or sell out, unless you can Chicago Washington Of Times Writes that "the. grade otherwise using their Influence to increase gratify him by meeting him on somopromi- from tho National Capital Uoa and .usefulneta. - Rhihn ut TUroUf iu Pmfpr lin Tin., noe I'll 1 CO-O- P. , - toI-um- e: ' , . 4 .!tif!t , , Z-- ; ;. L, r.w non-subscribe- rs Itsclreula-correspondon- - co : 