WOMAN ' SEX P ON ENT 102 tftt ' ! and if seems doubtful whether any will ever even in tms mgniy cnmvatea ana rennea age,attain such wonderful celebrity their powers of thought and. expression;-peopl- e are too well (Off 'at the present day, to cultivate the deepest powers of the mind which the extremes of sorrow and poverty call forth; they ican'tiever feel so deeply, until they liavo suffered ; th ere must be feel- ings as well as facts; and to truly delineate or portray feelings one must do so from ex. ow to appreciate perierice. VVho know truly and forcibly, unless they themselves have passed through' 'similar trials? -- Trulv 1 strong human thiBking upon any gi ven sub jecfc or subjects,! necessary to stir the foun- dation within usand 4a capable iofJbringlL ingLiorth Tromthe laboratory or the ihind,1 thoughts fto sway a multitude of unthink--i , ; 4 i k ng, JjAiashthat-- f h umahTlbelhl do not scruple to make use of a woman's , --- ry i i a. null name In a reckless and unprincipled manner, is proposed to be held in'Parlsin 1877jat the shun them, for they ard the , worst membcr3iT "Palais de rindustrie,toJllustrate the appliof the community. They are men lost' fo? cation of electricity to arts, industry and ' domestic economy .v.:TerribloJfights havo' every sense of honor- every feeling of hu' taken t)lace at thef pdlls- in Peni,i)between manity. Many a good and worthy, woman's Uh'e aiierentsor'denradd character ha3 been forever injured, and her heart broken, ' by a lie manufactured by' MonterolThere is 'no WIn? construction some villian and repeated where it should near Dublin, Ireland h raammotK telescopev ! not have been,, and in presence of ; those i saiuLio do ine largesi ever maae; it is: for I sew observatory, at ,Yienna......A Brit- whoso lack ot judgment purged them tocir Jthe culato the report, A slander is soon propa--gate- d, j off Africa and tho smallest thing derogatory to lias'ltaild from Eriglaiid'the :Iast " a woman character will fly on the wings, of n I mqnthyto find a? suitable harbofpt a(com ' mercial andt'wi tsstonary. statidrj iU::A pa$ptl 7 the wind, and magnify asl it circulates, un, ; til its enormous weight crushes the victim on theanteceedenidO hBespec t th e name of woman, . fpr our, mot jI prepared in fengland by 'Williain Blackmore founder of,.the.BlackmoreJruseum at Salts-- j ers, wives and sfcters aro7wqmna;asw Would, have their; fair fame untarnished, bdryv Eng.' 1 1 isTtd be read in America'dur- - i ? j c - " ? ! ; j ; : r j . , s 4 1 iiihtenniall aninransrni viis natares.ito lie: tbougl)ts)ipuld;allpWfAheir vicious tonarue. we should heed thelill thaiu 1 i. ' qay.,n - I i our words mav briner linon ihe mother, wife uyrui4qi,yew.9;eyery i .MriPlack,.iIyrQns ;5"Maidtofb AthenS? .How, many mpn andi mmmi jhsve never or sister of some Gol died xecentlyjat.thagea.i,.,, t: thouhtpf studyiDgjthemselYes unjtil- teyi den Dawn. will.i pjrpfeiojaalf(engement int ew re,' Wed; sjcknessjdeajhi ingratitude, Yprk, ata prominejat theatre, ommenclng calqmnyienvanc qcieriwHllpaUqforth , next Dickenson jj January. ,wv.Miss Anna' powers, vthpught?; tan jihgs; thut migt u SPLiNTfcRS: a new has lecture otherwjso, ha,yo sliitnhered on, Unknown but ? upon "Father Nathan!" Whibh she ha written and wilt soott begin for thif ord;eaU. SorroWjftas; it uses in mkr n " V GENERAIi: V to deliver l.iiil.ieutendntvGeneral Peterson 1 ins us.knoyy;.ourseJves;Lwe must bo put up-- ; , on the,.rapkljbouna.tQhe fiery; wheel, iProf. Jenny, reporting of the resources of died'recentlyy ai Novdgorod; Russia; aged Black 92 Hills, says the ground containing years', he was t a; veteran in i the nwars guish, .orogWOjCan understand the. depths of . our own intricate and wonderful nature Qne?i gold covers an area of about SOaiquaxe i againifc Napoleon UazJ&lss Maggie Davis,f i whose life has been; all serene, cannot truly miles.... ..There was a heavy shock of earth?a Daughter of Jefferson i Davis, is shortly i to u beimarried to Hoyes,cashier of the Nationals consmiserate; others jor ingeniously sympa- quake at Knoxville,Tenn., on tho 12th Nov. iJFiill : Works are, goin; to i Cufieeneca Bank, at Memphis Tenn.i....W. E, Blodgettn As ppsitiveroQf) that sorrows, afflictions send a steamer to the Centennial; the Esq., a very wealthy and f prominent i citizen whole steamer bo will nickel plated......Th6 mamofNew York city died recently......Susan ) audtribulatipns.rpfineiPuUivate And purify tho Imman Jiearti jIwonid efer you to the. ;i moth hotel at St Louis: will ' be called the B. Anthpny had nine yptes:for Judge of the n Grand Hotel, situated at the corner of Grand i multitude whpra .phn saw, in. his vision, recent election tyT Suprerap ppurt, u poo tho Isle pf . the hosts and uucness aild will , of , .avenues, the Page Patnips, occupy 4,000 upuntyew, ork....An Ameri more feet than the Palace Hotel in San Fran- can gin won tne gom medal at a recent ex- redeemed, "who came up out ofgreqt.tribk-hitipand also tli$ .example of the f Sayv amination at BraziI,Bio Janiero,recently...V.." Cisco,;. .There are 143,000 steel pens, and suffered ...'man as never sheets ior(wio Miss Nancy Valentine of Maryland who Is of noto rpaperr' and two bar- 160,000 8ntTered,)! u t But perhaps, you; will .say what has 11 this rplf if Inlr tionl at Trr.amnM nn years oldis a most remarkable: to do .with literature ? J will answer N. e woman yearIy-Thher. of Y:, keepsie, Cashierdof r you, ' age; she never i wore , specta ' the Western Union Teldgraph Company, N.: everything,. jfpr. books, oratory, music Ac,, cles,and can thread; a needle quickly, does -- written out under, thejnflueu-'- i her own cooking spins yarnandsknits" stock- - j andlbrough conjessea ta misappropriating mon-- ;i 'iaa ees of iho most striking and forcible charactto the extent of $13,000 and lost in' Wall ! ey ings for salc5.iiT7i7 Tn-if,ta-- Street speculations.. '....A remarkable book; , eristics, acting upon .hunianity,; wjll havi aiac-simia tendency to create a superior order of of an' Egyptian medical treatise,,' J.I' minds and intellect land4 that is what the ; written in the 16th centiiry B. C.,?has been f eotb "'') f'.j, ,0VCfrs pf cxijellehco'--ihadded to the Astor Library N; .Y.,.through i attainment, most ! the: liberality of. Win. It is Uoihg" service. to mankind';,,ti e"' study and most desire, in 'an a nf tni? Astor. .;. u An ori. leeluaf advancement. To what, extent the cn-sstrVthVprejUd gmal picture byi'Bubens is now1 onoxhibi. Is' tertained that youth is educated wh'en sonie " capable of cultivation has1 hnW,mind tipn at the! Aeademyof Jtochester, ' never yct,been decided; the' most highly; care has been taken'Of their1 infancy; 'This' ' N-and will bo sent-tthe Metropolitan-Museugifted and intellectual persons are ready, to of Art. in Nl Y--Tne prejudice, beside other bad effects of it,' onehmi-aQkriowledgo there is an inexhaustible fpui- - ' dred and sixteenth birthday of suspends the zealofj that small number pf Schiller,tthe individuals .in the middle tainpf knowledge'; ye unopened to t hern poet, was celebrated, by many German Boci- -' lfel xc6 And iri tho fpturo fwo can none of; us diswish to give their children the best 9U uca. ' eties in America and the Fatherlan- d- A cern what wonders may be unfolded to those new history of the; United notion tiontheypossiblyc States,iby Georgd? the that' Bcincrof of the Whohaylrig advantage's minds of young jperson are 'form- - '; the past' ext, is about to be published ; i t cora a periences of ;the great and' wise; added to at ed thevcf time from the Revoldtionary t pnses eaHy er their own indomitable energies and research,1 war down to, the present to bo ;their 6wri: inasteri at a? 'time" ? when dayJ.....The directf shall cope with the light of cable has been laid successfully, after the? stand most inheedndlri' fruide 'to'df--intelligence to' having! understand the mysteries of the human submerged in water fifteeh months; tho frac--tumind. l" ":' seems to have been caused by anchor rf y ant period of their educatioft; by Uho wi3- ' Dec. 17th, 1874. :. ' uom or tneircounselsjthegentlene'ssof thoir The U; 8. Grand Jury at Chicago, m; ppneL indicted tu persons for violation of thdJ insinuations, and the force of thefr example Few persons, in their infancy;1 ieariij tho art whisky revenue laws..'....4,000 bottlesof; wine were drank during the season at THE SLANDERING OP WOMEN. of employing and governing themselves; .... of the leading hotels in Saratoga. , , each and it is verydiiDcultto leahn it till tho fac- ulttes of tho tolnd are the blackest crime ofwhich man r-Porhapo and the i.: ': foreign. can becomo guilty is the uso or slanderous character has taken its tree ibias. i , When'; Disastrous floods aro reported to have tarcmaks about women Wo look upon the' youngpersons; therefore, are entering upon ken place throughout England and Ireland man who trifles with the fair fame of women the tempestuous ocean of hunjan life,; then on the 14th and 15th of Nov., the river Pol as being a murderer of the foulest is thQs time they must be taught tho and ka near Dublin, burst its bdnks and VuW kind, pilots one who should bo shunned as you would a manner the art, of stceringLtheir course, so , merged thousands of acres... ...The Bussian ' most venomous reptile. as to avoid Never uso a roefcs, and quicksands. A philos-Ph?- f government is engaged in a raid against so-- . wotiiunV name at an improper timo or In ' ciai agitators, arrests havo been affected mjght begin , to take. tho charge of t mixed company. Never make assertions in education at a tim6 when the yulgarthiukf severallarge cities, Moscow, St. Petersburg: about her that you think aro untrue, or alluit is finished. Mariy personsare capablc'of and others..,. It is rumored the sions that you feci she herself would blush1 Spanisha educating children in the ordi narv 'method uovcrnment havo sorof yJr' to hear. When you meet with men thero aro fw, very few.capvablc of form , who .Aork, .taking recruits from nmon- O- n.n ir i inn- A -- llcw-crefure- Me ; ' I t . t " ' : of-an- - te I s : , ; 1 . '. ahe f ? ; n; 5 one-hundre- 4 j -- . . " 1 le J . Into sfr , a a 1 ' '! Art o m 1 J w t . f 1 ; ; 1 J 5 ' ' re 5 ' . ? , i i - - i . - r ; ' ; s : ' full-bloW- n, . ; '., -- v 