Ml N'S.EX P. ONE NT. WO Almost every paper brings news of the overthro w of some kingdom 'find the flight of some kingi; ":. Commerce and;- - trade are consequently at a stand. The people are looking for general war The Boston Steam: There was a general attendance of the sis 1 ters. Our books show that wo aro prosrress ing slowly but surely. The; faithful few still tfy to keep the good spirit and to make Us influence feltin our meetings. ; , On the 30th of June we had a visit from : er has not arrived consequently J must send this letter without .hearing any thing from you. i Jln: haste.;; God bless you lny childiS: ren. Farewell! .;' J Your Ever Affectionate Father, "'.''.nv Sisters ; Snow., Home, Howard and Barney : who gayp us much good instruction in our various duties as a Belief Society; I believe all felt greatly bene til ted and blessed by the outpouring of the Holy Spirit through their teaching and counsel. : And we feel to say may God grant them long life, to bless and ; r"- Orson Spencer. - ;lt. S.;!BEPOBTS. VW"e Se. nior and Junior Retrenchment Associations in the Fourteenth Ward, Assembly Booms, July 1 7, : 1 8 75, was j very u largely attended4, President Mrs. ?M. L Home and , ner Counselors Mrs, P. Woodruff and Mrs. E. inspired to speak to the sisters" uponjthe subject off obedience! to ; coun sel, and to those in authority, and said it is oner of the saving principles they also ideas upon the subject of as regards the young, - and the? various influences in the midst of Zion that have a tendency, to draw them away from the Gospel., They also sought to impress upon 'the minds , of all . present, the great need of seeking to lead, the minds , of the let young into the channel of truth; and ' bethosowha could while ntheir4ns imparting instruction from books c, also teach the principles of, eternal life. How-,ard,eem- AMELTA GOLDSRROUGII, Amy L. ed ed-ncati- Editor Exponents ' G ; .1 th, 1 875. , u j ; ; - ; -- ; ; tJi' Mary Ann Harpy', ' ' Peace: ':- - - ' - Secy. B. Society. t ; Annual report of the financiaT "condition ff the society June 23d, 1875. ' : Jleinaining in Treasury from last years report.. ........ . u $81,091 I... V; Donations si nee. Disbursements as follows:; For the Temple........ .. 171.471 .. $12.00 For the Poor........ ......... ........ 54.571 153.12 35.08 - :Bemaining in Treasury;......;. Property belonging to the .societ jvis ued at $121,87. ; , , val- : JSauaii Fairbanks, : : :T Treasurer. ; ' Li : . JEPHI, July 13th, 1875. Editor Exponent : , Feeling it a duty as well ai a ploaiuro to give you a short sketch of our prosperity, I take this opportunity to eay that we held our Annual Meeting on the 26th of June. Bish- : J. Herrick were present, also President Mrs; Jane Bichards and Counselors, and a goodly number of other sisters. President F. D. Bichards in tho opening remarks said it was good to go to meeting but few realized the benefit of speaking themselves; exhorted the sisters to let .the spirit of God light up ' their" minds, and forget their cares toils and trials; told; them they had gifts, especially the gift of healing, that they, had the right to wash and anoint, and it would be a shield to the sick, as well a a power of healing. Bishop Ij. J. Herrick said he was much pleased with the minutes of our last meeting, and exhorted mothers to teach their little children to pray,1 said it would keep ; them froitr wandering after worldly things; spoke of tho :remembrance he had always cherished of his mothers teachings and prayers; said we were all de pendent upon each other Tor happiness, more especially husbands and wives; and added his blessing. PresidentMrs' Jane Bichards said she knew the Lord had blest her and also her sisters who were helping in this great Work. She ' always felt; happy: J in hearing 'them, f " speak; Hhose who attended meeting kept youngs longer by Having a good spirit and cheerful face; said we should never tiro of doing good; when meeting- day comes we should go, if you had; visitors invite them to go too, that would bo doing right, said ,wc were capable of doing great wrong as well as right To the young girls sho said you liave grown up in innocence, without the traditions to overcome the older ono have had: use no unkind ords; partake of a happy spirit, tho Holy spirit teachesright from wrong; said whenshe was' set apart to t . . ; -- - : . preside Bhe did not know her duty but had to learn it by degrees. To tho Teachers she said go with a good spirit'when you visit in that capacity, and if any are on the back ground, you can do them good by a few cheerful words, and always remember to ; pray for your president. President Mrs. J. Bichard's Counselors and Mrs. Frodsham made some good remarks, then Mrs. Melissa ShirtlifT made appropriate ones ofl- cring to resign the presidency she held. President F. I), Bichards then called a vote to see if we could sustain our present organization; and it was sustained unania-fe- mously. - ;. s Minutes of a Betrenchment meeting held in tho First Ward at the residence of Mrs. . Mareret Steele, Juno 0th, 1875. After tho of and usual exercises reading the minutes, Miss Ahnio Brow'nread an essay , on Obedience. President Mrs. Sarah Graham then rose and said, the essay on obedience was a good one; andthat shplwas pleased to meet wiiu mo suuiuiy uguiii, mauKuu uiem lur their prayers in her behalf, in her sickness. said she was much better in health than she had been, although not-ywholly recovered; exhorted them to bo punctual in attending their meetings, and not to speak evil of any ono and to improve every moment of their precious time. Counselor Mrs. Jane Van Tassell spoke of her desire to do right, her interest in tho work now commenced among the young people, testified to the truth of' the Gospel and tho inspiration of President Young as a Prophet of God. Desired they might all obtain a. standing in tho church and kingdom of God. Mrs. Alice Fletcher said she thought it the duty of every one to speak, and try to perfect themselvcsy and that the Lord would bless them and give them wisdom. Mrs. Margaret Steele said she , was pleased, to meet with so many of the young sisters, her whole heart was in the work; she always felt edified and strengthened in these meetings. They were all of one great family, and should speak kindly to each other; a kind word in a time of trouble was wrorth a great deal. - They should always go' to their Heavenly Father wi th ther troubIes,said she knew if they were humble and rose up to speak, the gifts' and blessings of God , ivoiild be poured out upon them; she advised all the young girls to attend the meetings in the Fourteenth Ward. Miss 2ina Higgs, Miss Ja n e t Hill, Miss Joseph i no Youn g, Mrs. Amelia Smith Miss Bosy Smith, Miss Lyd- .ia Johnston, Miss Annie Brown, Miss Beu- lah Adairis, Miss ' Lena Searlj and Miss 'Amy Adams each mado a few remarks; whicli President Mrs. : Sarah Graham spoke of';t he wish of President . Young in regard to discarding round. dances, and said she wished them all to bear it in mind and not dancQ them; it was her desire and that u of her Counselors: there were many in. theirj midst who sought to lead astray and ruin the young ladies, and ithey must bo watchful and on their guard continually, and not yield to temptatiou, but attend to their'dutios, to Sunday School and all their meetings; '"ii?e ail their influence to sustain "Home lNir3TRiEs," and trade among, their, own. ple, to keep money within their own Territory that they might help to build up Zion, and to assist inbuilding Temples and then they would have the prfyilege of receiving blessings in them. Exhorted all to attend the meetings In the tabernacle and if they wanted to walk out on the Sabbath day, that was the proper place to go. Said she wished the young men of the Ward would' get the spirit of reformation the" young girls had, there would bo less rowdyiim among them. She again entreated the young girls louse to get their young influence their utmost . . .j r i i j Aieeiin companions 10 aucnu meeting, two weeks, after sing then adjourned for ' j , ing and prayer. Amy Adams, Assistant Secretary. - -- ; - laying hold with renewed energy, ancFbope; to accomplish much that we have hUherto for pur feeble : deemed almost impossible ; wers.HMay God bless and prosper these our dear sisters in th eir labors of love among '.'the people, and may their noble example; of in the goVdrouse, inspire our sex tp iteeds'of emulationi that the cause of Zion may receive an. impetus that will be "'felt throughout' all her; borders ' "' I remain your sister in the Gospel of ' 1 ;; V; - . 1 self-sacrifi-ce 1 s t, 1 &75 -- , al Report of bu Belief Society' are at liberty to publishif ybu seVflt. Our Society is in a very prosperous condition and we are trying to do all the good we can. t We have recently had a visit from Sisters Snow, Howard. Home. Smoot and Barney, which has very much strcngthendiLand en- - , Harrisville, July ; Mrs.Melissa ShirtlHT -- Resident, ilMrs. Sarah Jane Taylor and Mrs. Nancy Bansom Counselors, were then ordained by President F P. Bichards and ishop li. J. Hpr-- . ick. Meeting thetfadjourned with the .; usual ceremonies. ; y, , r ;:. v S. A Siiirtliff, Secretary, ; ; et- I send you the op L. Annu which-yo- ;f President Franklin B. Bichards and , I send vou herewith a codv of the ' : ; , Payson, U. Ti, July ; PrCSt. following report of an interesting meeting; held according to appointment to set apart the proper ofljcers for the Belief Society here, which had been neglected. X on . . Bioler, Sec. Editor Exponent: . . ' : , ; tion money.; Wishing you. succeM in; you valuable papirj we subscribe ourselves your sisters in the gospel of peac; ': ::":; 7:--- r r Belief Societies. hppe soon to be ablo to send g'ttbscrip. coin fort our 1 The ScmUMonthly Meeeting of the . 35 -- -- , at-te- -- unprin-cipled.me- - . - . . 'n ; 