W O M AN' S EXPONEN T, old men if they are men of God. "For the Exponent. It has FLOWERS. MINDED WOMEN. STRONG said that our should and b: prophets prophetesses.. Where is, the Every good deed that we do is not. only liidy or gentleman who darn to rise a present pleasure, but a pr m fur the future..., , Strong minded; women! Iaiwys pictured JfMs who-rule- s Jpp and prophesy in the name of God? I of--. J3est of all is it to "preserve everything a. strong minded woman, as. oie" ten think, as a peopieTbf God we are not he? husband, her household) ah'das fa? iU a is pure,' still heart, and Jet there be for half so wide to our work as the spirevery one around; Jtst.-sa- i every her and smart and knows its of darkness are to the work of opposing, every pulse a thanksgiving, and for it, '"-.I am ashamed of the people of Go A in many breathai song ruling proclivities, makes herself generally a painful instances. It requires, a firm will and a Generosity during life is avcry different disagreeable. To me it is ahyliys a mane's into to woman a see in of the hour stepping death; sight strong determination to do right, to enter thing from generosity li'-of as head the egrite-of-IIeav-eu: famiiy,6tentimes treat-tndtplace Eddsaid the spiri t the one proceeds from irality and husband asitogghdwe-ft-ehildj--turninfronk pThH-tf-fcawas made subject to vanity Do you realize ;f innocent words into rrdicule, smilyou have, a. work to do to help purify Zion, not bo easy, even for an. unbewould It ahtl tfiit It will take union to accomplish it, and winking at her own smrrtness, or to .find a betterJtraushition of the ing liever, amJfjp roil ou the Kingdom of God? Be rule of virtue- from the" abstract Into the. chiding- him for Borne slight earelessivss that rioharm, I have wondered, firm in your religious duties, seek after concrete, than to endeavor so to,, live, that if thereally of the husband were sensifeelings truth, and don't mind making yourself look Christ would apporve our life, John Stuto be tive enough wounded, or if blunted conspicuous.' The speaker' then related a art Mill.-- ; ; ' vision seen by continual repiiitions of the same charac-ter- ? by Bro. Solomon Arigel of St. the in remains high.'..., V- - , SciexU'iu thought George, given "to" him before President the God has placed him er of Man of ahead is privileged among society, hs,: regions started home from, the . south. AS,he Young intellectual some there; and we need not fight agaist it. If ; continued, seek u wo the Lord for wisdom; souls which have' acquired there are prophets and prophetesses in our culture, .while "religion embraces life and you have' husbands living their Migion, and of in. magnifying the Priesthood, you Visildo well midst, will. the spirit not impart the same to death, bears in itself the consolation the young as" to the old now as in the early rise numerable, griefs, the encouragement of indeed if you keep up with thenifcet f tben lead, and you; follow-- Let them dicof the church ? When I first joined this church counfiess hopes. Euiilio Castelar. I could tell-- sister or a brother when .'ever I v Tueke's no musip in a .rest,";- that I tate and you obey. Then you will be happy proper place, met one. but how is it now? I cannot tell know of, but there's the making of music in; and a deal of the strong minded I think And-peoplis-mat great are whether it always, missing brother, sister, Gentile, Jew, it. of the Gentiles are, creeping of principles what ever. I should like to see the time part of theiife melody, "always talking in I us. in women being inbelieve 'and among fortitude; again when i'ould tell a sister when I see perseverance, and courage, her. Instead of our being' a peculiar people, but patience is the finest and wo bigs part tellectual, cultivated, and refined, for that is right. If she can work at anv work as well we are drifting after the world. God's peo of fortitude, and the,' rarest, as a her receive the same wages, Most people need all the strength, which for man,islet ple were a peculiar people. I want to know that; just. But to- play the lord, to bo how many young ladies have stamina enough a high-tone- d . pubjie opinion can give to in masculine thought and manner,is not. be to comply with the request I am groins: to them, to keep them true to"their conscience a in the Gospel. W e havp for sisler make.. As Eve led out in the evil, why and their God; a .d that opinion is partly coming deshould she not be the first in doing good" formed by what We do and what we are, enough honor, enough glory, all that we faithfulto we sue the if. Gospel, only President loung has forbidden his family Strive" earnestly, then, to order your life sire, Be- frugal in the and honor, love and obey our husbands. to i fiduig ind aes now if you wih a '.vise simplicity. Emily B. make resolutions, adhere to.them. I think shows and generous in the substances of life. , George. you ate trying to do right. I don't want Set the example, so greatly rleedyd, of one person to vote- - unless she has stami- wholesome moderation. Show that you na to keep sacred ther promise. These care for character above ail else. SUMMER FRUITS. were round dances originated by the adverA very mistaken idea has found lodgesary to lead to evil. A vote was then called TONGUE. TILE KEEPING ment in tlie minds of many, otnerwise sen- for all who would not participate in those , people, to wit, that summer comsible-.dances to manifest it by the uplifted hand. are Words unkindness. She then said God bless you who have voted plaints, the generic term under which the Keep it from wounds 'Not disorders peculiar to the season are known, . And lie will bless you. Wu have hundreds sometimes wounds. very deep unis of young Fadies who have taken this vote-W- e always,' and yet theirritate.. Speech are caused mainly by the use o.f fruit, and unkind-nesis no. are Jivingin the last dispensation, the' kind sometimes when there the wise and safe plan is to prohibit its use worse that the" in the heart; so much wheels of time are rolling on, the nations of altogether.' This method, nvhieh neglects to take adthe earth are ready to break up. Mothers needless wounds are inflicted; so much'the ' caused. is vantage of one of the most, beneficent proin'Lrael, I bless you.- I bless my young worse that unintentionally pain so 'easy to visions of man's use, comfort and is falsehood. It from it sisters. I say to you mothers throw an inKeep fluence around your sons and daughters for give a lalse coloring, ro so maiie ..a. suae- - is detrimental not only to enjoyment but to good. It fills my heart with joy to meet merit that it may convey a meaning diher-en- t permanent health. The term "antiscorbufrom the- truth while yet there is an ap- - tic" expresses the value C fruits as .food, with you, and 1 would enjoin upon youto .1 meet together often it is of the- greatest pearance, ot trutn, mat wu neuu 10 oe on and the estimation in whi h they are held importance. Ia'm greatly interested in the our guard. There are very many who would by. those, who understand i.heir relation" to ;'. young people., The Bible says, seek first shrink from tellint, a lie," "who yet ..suffer human wants. . :; When fruit docs harm, it is because it isit';'" the 'Kingdom of God how "many of us themselves in s'uch inaccurate or exaggerated statements thai they really come eaten at improper times," I i i mproper quan- - ' have made it our first duty? I wilt leave, ft .;..id fit for the for each'one to answer for herself. Wake under the condemnation of those whose, titles, or before it is ripen - tit not tp be eat- - V' Lord.1 art ou abomination tathe stomach. are human Fruit as us and be well, "myself up my "lying lips than any other Saints in very deed. God blesi'you, Amen. Keep it from slander. The good reputa- en between jceals any more . Sin food. to us. be dear should of others tion ",?.-;yy ; -t r- -. The prnf 4le difiieulty with us h that we should not' bo suffered to . go unrebuked; A gentleman called but it should bo in accordance with the do not eat enough of fruit; that we .kill its on a lady and was told by the servant she Scripture method: 'Go and tell him his fi n er qua li ties wi t h su ga r th a t we d fo.wn was not at home, As he turned to go .out fault twixt thee and 'him alone." And it them iii cream. We ncd tlie medical. at--, he caught a glimpse of h6r head in. a mirror should be borne in minddhat what is too of- tion tf 'the pure fruit acids in our systems. thfbugh a half open , door An .hour after- ten considered as merely harmless gcip; We need the cooag,- corrective infiuenee, wards he called on another friend ahd.foujid runs dangerously near, if it does not pass, and sh'oulf s one of the best gifts the lady there; "I have just been to your the confines of .slander. A reputation is too cf Providence'. "Utah l'omologist." house'' said he ''but had not the pleasure of sacred to Le made a plaything of, even, if j ' '"" l.'.IBsorryj bat iI inXeaat he iiol:;uaIiciou5. ,f' ' "A 5' I: u t c n;ri i n g I a d yy M r s- R St r s v t out went in great haste on business." "In such haste I presume. that you leffyoar head Ga, jianted some young pear trec3 r "So you fake lessons in drawing, Safiie?" three veah ago,, and from their fruit this behind you, for I saw it in the glass."absent-minded." and the teacher says I am rrrr cpt pa- - yes r shipped to Savannah fifteen barrels' cf "Didyou? It is very posril !e I am so 'ycs, cent cacu. r H7 asT'dn w in ere inferetrcrjp ni in aatnjn,- poi ri pear, re gdmiiTs ana fUlow; :ce than eny other girl She has alsoof si .CCSstUuJ' cultivated mauythousands in the academy." CoMMrrxEK on way and means Wive; beet) ' ., -- ke aet;ruS " , -- er henev-Tileaccih'e'oth.e- T' -th- g r. -- ks - ' f - a in-you- e .' in- too.-jflusk- - -- - - -- . .' s , well-bein- v . . J T g, I - - - one-sy'le- 'd lt si-der- . ' - - Absent-Mindednes- 3. , - 'ept -- ' it-a- . o sisnJtlrrln'lsvA -- tea-plant- s. 