'T'i "i n mil n .- ,, ,. ,., ,,- ., . , W O M A N' S ' E X P O K " Cash invested in 13th war.d Co-b- hi ,m -n n iti ITrrTTTT M T. 187 There are many women in America, who and'Saving Bank, with interest this faculty to a happy extent;- there possess of the same, amounts ta..-.- . ...... "3T6 Co are few perhaps, who could evince such Work estimated 2575 striking originality as Mrs. Swissholm, Mrs. 'The meeting convened for reading the Stanton; Miss Anthony, '3Irs. Soule, Mrs. Report, was well attended by the sifters a Livermore, or Airs. Julia ."'Ward Howe; so ':"' in the coungood spirit prevailing. ';'."' striking, that c'very President Mrs. Grant regretted that so try1 is glad to copy their original utterances. little had been accomplished in the shape of But notwithstanding all this, many a waman work, hut was well pleased with the general can make herself necessary in a community ', spirit of the meetings. Felt glad that we as a journalist. "ere"7Ticfea gi;ealfeVior1nehy but inThc good work, manifesting a more ear-- . we can dignify the hum places,, by' donest desire to he united, and be useful in ing our work well. I do not believe that every woman could the Kingdom of (Jod.' Expressed a desire a successful journalist, but that many a be to encourage and sustain 'Home Manufac, " fine tore. ..: journalist is at the present time, pining in and milliner The sisters donate "freely towards i.he. shops, and . wash-tub- s over I andMronihg-hoardsthe building of the Temple arid other laudable a Mtriedwas and all have these branches, purposes. Most of them Lbelieve, feel terested in, and appreciate your valuable pa- miserable failure in them all; but in journal p quisites in a woman is conscientiousness. Without this one touchstone of character, no matter what her charms and acquirements, she cannot expect' to' command the lasting regard of any man who.se love,, is worth having. Glasgow Weekly Mail. . - . - ., '.' - . - 'news-pape- FACTS AND FiaURES.- ExglanoJuh 1 TOW. EMiGirifcFs to the number of 31,25 have arrived in Californiaverlaud. since the first of April last year' . ; dress-makin- g per. . r""""- - . Elizabeth II. Goddard r Secretarv. - "Sec- ond Woman'sx Congress," by 'Mrs. Malloy, connected witlr the press at Elkhart Ind'i-aafitted for the Woman is profession of journalism. There are hundreds of women in America, who would be aud I p. n'.'acquisiuoiHhe-'professionam surprised that tlrera are not more choosing it. Newspaper work however means business, and a lazy person cannot be a successful editor. The person who enters the journalistic work expecting to find it a plant that will thrive in .a soiKof inBu dolence,, will be grandly disappointed xpfk, woman who comes bringing all her talents, her heart and her persistence, success is inevitable. Woman's a. pre-eminent- ly ' to-the- to-th- e . talents, her intuitions,'her adaptability, as well as her remarkable patience, are all in " . her favor. The idea that women are not as thorough' ism I have, succeeded, at least, pecuniarily; vnrlv nfivpi' iri''pTnffl :r hnrtipn to nm'. fhi ''while the others' were too grievous to be borne. There is less 'opposition to encounin any other of the ter in this businesSj-thaso professions largely occupied by men. The men in this profession, are, usuallythe most liberal, unselfish and charita' ble men in the world. move With the world. In. newspaper life you We need more journabfo work for the development of ' our resources, and for'reforms. Woman has hungered and thirsted tor a larger field of ation until' it is late" in the afternoon oiVthe nineteenth century. It is vain to wait for man's hand, to ,opii, the door,iid press the sweet chalice., to your lipsZdio who 'would be free must herself the blow. And with a few hundred women journalists in this country, ready to strike for the right I Would be willing to risk the elevation, prosperity, happiness and fiualnrneipation of American women; emancipation from ; all folly,- yea, in the brbalest sefise of the word ' FEM A L E JO URN ALLS M. Extracts from a paper road in th Over 100 Louses are contracted for in San. Rosaall to be" erected during the . - eonllig Slammer.' TjtrE ,; Steele Bxos; of San Luis. Obispo rurve;Soid. $200,000 worth- of land within . the last ten months.- - - ... The shipment, of oranges and lemons from Los Anrelos this season will average " 'in value 310,000 per mouthy France has 123,000 manufacturing esof o00,000 tablishments, to horse power employment ' " about 800,000 hands. gallons of free Paring January 8,SU0Boston to 10,730 furnished were in. soup t tne persons,-afamilies, comprising oO,3j.j to the city ft $i,a2h. expense - d, large-hearte- thp -- ' '' 800,000 mora women ' cauliflower is 'the latest A sixteen-pound Bernardino. astonisher in San b.-'r in-.', - -- - using-steam-powe- and-givin- ' v FLORAL HINT. Those who love flowers, and .to see them growing, will be'sorryr.to know that the - ! A single drop of oleander is dangerous. a twig or leaf when exudes the juice which to sufficient is produce the is broken off, '. Children have been death of an infant. flower the petals. - Cat- poisoned by eating lle have died from 'Drowning on us ioiuige. of Lovelyias it may be, we must if.in view alis with It to part these facts consent so proven that the odor exhaled from, it, is deleterious to health. ."About Fuchias,; a may wiuug the "Ladies Floral .Cabinet," says she repots Richias in May, puts them on the north side of the house giving them but little 'water. In summer they drop most of their leaves, bring thenrin the hotne be-- ; fore" the frost comes. and .iter freely,' givonce a month; ing them liquid manure a also soot tea is excellent, - it sweetens the directions the earth. By observing the- WHAT X WOMAN SHOULD BL in details' a's men are is an erroneous one; let a .woman educated reporter, walk- bePersonal atractidiA,s most girls' possess, at she will see as aud male the side reporter", much again in a walk down stree t as he will, any rate in,asuffieFent- degree and can draw just as largely upon her, im- them attractive to somebody; for," although there are tandardsmd models of beauty, agination. Girls employed in offices are rethese do not ijreVail with all persons. more .much as and yet "efficient as men, just is something wonderful in the difier-.enc- e There a on for never, "spree." get liable, they ' of asiect which the .sameJaef1. wears to .Women will purify newspaper literature, the philo-dignify the type of journalism, of which so different beholders, 'of Prob.J.y isj.-iathis what is sopliical cxplaiiatioh "much lus been said, and written. r frrtm-alnicM"ea others beccmes immediately No obscure1 or. corrupting advertisements ' 'Will appear in their columns; and the.effdct and instinctively apparent to the eye of love, girl of such literature upon crime will be (liming low can a moderately hcrattractions? By curare. She . ished. ' The successful country publisher, must must cultivate .her mind. An ignorant, il plante wil'l bloom all winter; theywill grow-sfast after a seasQA-- f r i ai to. astonish have fine executive, as well as financial abil-- ' literate woman, if even she attracts atten e an intelli- you. Carnations do cu well by keeption, cannot retain the intercut of perseverance-largity ; indomitable energy and : must do this She man. in their all um'raer by by benevolence reading, in the and them ground gent ing hope, suavity conand familiar until buds (Ue by reflection, form by and August. study, pinching.off kisent; pots these, requisiterqualitications versation with the be. a::d most highly ed- - All carnations do not blooni in winter. ary parts of woman's nature whom she. comes in - The newspaper should be the family cdu-- j ucated persons .with will flower in Calla LiLy. This plant, and woman's tact, au'f wq'man'sr Ijeart contact. But thheart must be cultivated eator, 'Place in them for two not if July. ' all things," ex- - spring is inuch needed in that lme:v wetieed more as welt trs the head. shake them after that full in sun; claimed a most' To fined gentleman after months gT. ;. heart in; jour najism. ;""' as: on and' clean but, ij.ual, and repot; grow ' 'If-its news, nearLy a lifetime's. f tmiiiarUy with the host 'thev were i j next tho will year. .flower a ffeci soc'iety,"cf all thingiro me a iftncs and paperwe. should conclude iha oven rc'spect for: the did were gentleness' in a wo7i; ;n.;:' A harsh voice,;:a e have often coarse laugh trifles. r forgotteit in the whiz and v.;;.i tr of ('f" Lexin-io'jr, Mass., p Mks.' first a favorable impression.' v U rcuTl lA greater war spoiled manyhou-the her upon woman There is just as much difference in jour- - The cultivation of the heart must be real, now in progi'c- s" the ri"i4-tio- f iHK f s 7:a s life r tHil ri I,stt;. more--. ptear,- rather Thau .be, good aj:U geuerous, journalist occupies a . position muchMRElizabeth Tuttlo of East Boston, Lr.Irlnm i.npiT.i.i.li ill fO V i n " t'lu fl Ilf 7l f ( enviable In the public affections than-ihccnus two nigni- 10 Jtti year, in now in She t!i in uho,' truth, respect,. I'hyjiciau. T!ie workI'.ii' full of hungry --Jcx rcksc Huetly toprumntu t!iu h ppines6 ofjof stairs aud Ureses ana upartc- wu-iuui-whuoji hearts, and the journalbt ho. mt ct l.bcir rrr.r. obtain jaii . h he uevcr lias a nreiu-nc- r her. is very apt do. b wtrk 'demand, will never lack re-- , not even. in the eo;lC;t wcauur. all other Abive Journalists, like iroe.Ls, "are lorn, nutm ad;.". admirer among nuai as-a- 1 t l good-lookin- e. g 'ut a- - o -- i'.-- ' J-i)f- ... e tfd.O-4i'Uttp-- j' tl - 1 ba-i-nes- Uko-tlifs- s. Pc-Hc-- 7 - . 1 1 1 e fr 1 ! ) .,o-i7- tr 