WOMAN'S; EXPIQNJBNT . W.150 Far the Extoxex .YEARNINGS. tablespoonfuls of cream' tartar'1 one teaspobnfiil of aleratus- - Cream fop. insi4Kiopintof milk, one-hacup of garfa htUe batter and salt two cdiscuss and; may regolve, ind "do will it bn,t little preach, good. Intelli- - z gentas' well as ignorant5 bay patent in edi The only cure is in.fipreadintef thoi tabIcspoonfiusnfifouror with; lemon, ;(Iake twa.'pies), ; Stir into the beliefv that medicines are i.harmful rather milk while boiling till sufficiently, thick. -T If than b?tteficial.ijElerald xfl Health.? r ! ; 1 ro-resol- vfy - ' ' ' The years so by, the years fobf, . 1 I eee them pass witliout fttigbAt ' vv:";' ' ; - For thou my lore, art cold and dead, The earth heaped o'er thy bright young hoad. What now is. all thia world to me ' i " " ( lf ,if - ; . . hif . ,. cxp3ri ; The Secret of HEAiFirst--Kee- D encc is convinced that a coat of gum copal varnish cooL and ' slowlv sV SecondIht applied to the soles of boots and shoes, and repeal Third.-- r- Maintain regular bodiiv1 : habits: v ed as it dries, until ths porzs are filled and 'the FourthTake early and Fifth ' light !lTakm Care of B;at3.0i3 whi - But tasteless, dull monotony? ? Wd-ularl- . v . The years pass on, the years pass on, , And soon full soon they will be gone.V I have no time or tears to weep, ' So ' -swiftly by the moments sweep; : But haste te fill life's fleeting hours AWith duty's pale yet fragrant flowers. Wy lore, I soon shall reach the strand I almost see thy beckoning hand; Though wild and dark, life's water's roar, ; Tet swift and soon, they waft me o'er. I dare sot think upon the. peace That comes when all these waitings cease; When thou my true, true heart shall know And doubt no more a years ago. t supped sarface shines Itke polished mahogany, vrill make a'clearf skiri; r;SixthGet the solos waterproof, and also cause them to last sleep at night. three times islotig as 'ordinary and respeefibfceompahy. " eynthkeep .lesTT571 : ; pleniy Of J 'cheerful EighthKeep ' f'Bice Padding with Fruit.- -1 Swell the1 rice with out of xlebt. NinthDont5 set your mind 1 you loh,t heed.Bbton Tran-- f a "very little; milk: over the ;jBre then mix fruit of any " ' ? kind with it, currants goosberrics scalded, piredand f cf, quartered apples, Kisins or; black zCurrants,"T and Corns. Ten cents worth of: Cure , still better, red currant jelly with one egg to bind niurfetlc- for. acd1 ati3 acid .of! .1111111,0013" the rice: boil it well; and sjfcre with pDwdered.cia- number of corns and warts. ; ; - i PnnS; . . . any Scrape around tHejcorirand jiutthejacid around it Stir ' into four cuosful of 9 few times; and then you. can take the cold water a teaspodnfurof salt, a large handftil cf point Of a Khife, of everi'a Jpin7 and lift it A. E. T. graham flour and oatmeal till you have a thia bat-- 9?t at the root. :j Pat. a little, grease in, ft HOUSEHOLD HINTS rV fe Bake at onceI'llon a 'very hoti eriddle-' (M Gra- - When it is removed ;: nam uour improves me pancases. as tney are A srreater boon than fame or wealth,- - , otains.-i.uistains on serge dresses may more easily turned and not quite so "dry as when hi.; Ij life chief, blessinsr, perfect healt " J" ' namon andsugar."-- " Oatmeal Pancakes : - V L-'- f , iiiUK - k JL k ii' . v it - be removed by steeping the part m warm water. i . r " Jclly CakeOne cup butter, 1 cup sugar i cggt--- JJ cups flour beat the eggs separately Shin of Beef SourmvA fi .i,;n .To Make ; Mulfias. Two ; eggs, two quarts of ' r ki. ' vlcraekfid nn- - niit it fjf hrtii in . nVr.,v fi nfVon hnnM. ;t nr sir n waterrhoil it RHifc ,ci . a.x . - ! ( ' : n ilii niiui wUu luui ua M tea-L- -frt . i, i Clove ; Cake. Oae cup molasses 1 cap sugar 1 cup butter 1 cup ; buttermilk 3 eggs 3 cups flour 1 tablespoon cloves 1 of cinnamon 1 tea L... spoon faieratus in. milk raisins. 1 1 tr-.- :c if Mi ir-- r -- ji x; i. ?'l ... r i - x TTirrv 1 , tion:1 ' ' If sleeb is takenafter dinner : . a. . HYGIENIC NOTES. d it in Waffle Onrtnf:nf -'" few Keep 'putting' on flnnr hn ninf lnf until a mirn is ofTpoij whioh triir Krt in Cor. Cincinnatti inilk, one teaspooaful of soda, four pele two or threo applications. , ;. thft TimnR. fa Bake ia waffle irons. Sour cream and less butter xx xxxxxxxa xt uuuu vury r prevsuqnwn them. improves Austedia, and one of the most successful .Colors; to Harmonize with Mahogany. The remedies is said to have been a few drops American Artisan saya ''mahogany must not be as oi suipnunc acia in a tumoieriui of water. soeiated with red. scarlet of orarisre Athfirwiis it The result of this , mixture is said to be .a .i limner. irnicvnlAfinn - of the diphtheritic membrane t.ii. t..: i cu 14 ,l. i urMiiivni. inrmfini7PO wirn and its. ready removal by cbughiris:- every other tint tint is used in upliolstery." V . Ut! .Ti.ti. w ; t be improved-thereby- .' -- Tonicfor ; r'-"- tlips: it should unfavorable to' ' healthful dicres- iliose who need rest arid sleeo day take it before dinner instead of after, and they ?will ;sbori find-tha;they will feel better and that their.digestion will ' Apple Sauce. Two quarts of water, a pint" of Tl1AlaM? a root of nnrer. and boil altosether Cure for Take potatoes twenty minutes; put in while boiling one peck of and slice themNeuralgia. tnin as' You can-anbind pared, cored and quartered apples, otew till ten ihfim nnTvhfirftbo m Ami rn: nnin .. w xuv v : ii der. :. a lieve libu nfbntr NAps.-rMan- y is lutovu ujugii, hiukxi uu a uozen position et' tioh-Lballs, the size of a nutmeg, drop them into the during the sonp and let them boil half an hour. lute ouuiu . '" '': laws.3 V ''They're violated Nature After Dinner ' because and preoares the: svstem for vicorona .i iuiii ..ii.; gn i i. Tet many.have it not persons & the habitof, sleeping. fbhalf aChi r an hour immediately.after dinner. .Ten minuius jsieuu uyiuru. uiuuer is worm more JS?' :To Mako Grandmother's Gmgerbread-Cu- p anaa,nait molasses, cup- ot rich sour cream. ! oatmeal only is used. When preferred, one cup of water can be ielfc out, using instead of it a capful . pi. buttermilk and a tcaspoonful of soda ' 4 si i wiu agu ProDawy, inat Amencan women iiim ! Vm . - i j ounine.mus n . . worn;, - ana. ?ieeP ar U1 greatest ineuicmes ior women, Wno nuuu more W,iu4u.men,,(f, iiiei herves aro;niorq. sensitivp and they are not so strontr. and Exhaustion from labor4 or plca3- -- - takes place sooner with them than eil Never Wrniit yourself tb:be;Toused , ,1; cinn iWhn' Wrnf th troV, ti,a: fti,i n: LZ... ux xiaun n ue iuj uuniuuua uru uuy ruusea ,f L At U - ' satisfiod. Tikd a warm bath occasionally before going to bed at least once a week. 1 " : : Six pounds of the flank of beef L Burns. Tha white of an egg has proved AlR THE Siare BEDs.-7-Her- e is a hint for cut in small pieces: boil in two" nrnrtsvof water I 01 wte tne most eilicacious burns. remedy . n a for housekeepers, and very Importint one. i. applications ; of uuuiwuuw. xucupu!, m a uozen pqiaioes, a ouveu or eignt - successive Tr , ho ?? n'and ?eC UaU doMa oruo,: and four turnips; - - Tar it , tlat the . !t 'from" V steam shall not- - escape; - salt and pepper tr tistp ; " A " J" ' a"uub iuu uum irum uio air, xms Simple V ' 1 glass will keep out light. . The atmospheric I ttirapo Jam.iou.tho (mpes in just water or even cotton moisturo-will- ' penetrate all woven fabrics. Beef Stew. : v ,.n j Z ' , Sfln orf -7" uium V , rinn iii. v.iiru.rifikZii7iii am a. n rnii nT "v . . , ur vnaw pound of sugar, bod this half an hour: the com-- , ruois; Bcrape ino ouisiqe Dart oil) mon wUd crane makes a nice bm. men . . ; pecuno insiae ana scrape all tho-in- ; on and dry and powderit fine. Now Cream Cake. Beat t wo eggs with one cup of ai sugar, add one cup of thiu cream, a tcaspoonful 0f wash tho sore with castileV soap suds, and salcratos and one of salt; flavor Vith nutmeg and Pat 1110 powder in upon the proud flesh. leinoa or o&cr spice, mix as stiff as wiU pour into' , Grltel. Several articles may be' pscd. pans, a nan aim oi currants improves it. Try hu I whnt mnil preferable. Have, "the it water boiling. Make a paste of the "ineal Ximb Stew. Tako half a shoulder of lamb, and cold water, and stir in slowly. It must boil it ia two quarts of water two hours. Then not stop boiling for a moment: if it rthf ft t o. wh i eh -- vnn Mnrirtt put la potatoes, onions if dired,and turnips cut in willl i a ve a ra ' two quarters teaspponfuls .'of salt and pepper to remedy by cooking for hours. taste Ten. minutes before 'serving put in the ; Patent 31edicines. So long as medi duaipliags. 'I cines are held before-thpeople as the e3. tream rie. Oae and a half cup3 of sugar, iscntial means of curing the, sick, so long three cups of flour, one cup of milk, two c rrrrq two incuicines oc used. PlivsicLans ",u a a i - :i iii i . . . " - T . . . v-- La -- . - . . . e ? ir i uence,.tiie importance or Keeping the beds n spare rooms rcguiany airea. jiany a dear friend or welcome" visitor 'has- - been- sent ( o ah untimely 'grave or afflicted" with disease, by being put into a bed which had been permitted to stand unoccupied. Keep the Spare beds, when not in use. free from ' all covering but a light spread.7 w . ' ' J is a fact that God's care is more evident in some instances than in others to the, dim and often bewildered vision of hu-- , inanity. Upon such iiistance3Tmen seUe,Y and call them Providences.. Ii is wcll.that they can; but it would be gloriously better . ihat 'the whole matter . grand Proviaence. Georgo .Macdon-, t if fhov rnuld is one nirl " hftlinvA - M 