.WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ' TO MY MOTHER. V , , f f " . , it would be eertainiy and; speedily exgins soon; after, waking up in the morning, There aro . anl lasts a day or two or more changed ;for dry garments' !Fhe'veryi:'mo most the causes; en t a ga rrii e n t Is we 1 1 ed in whole i or i n is, m ;many frequent derange ment of; the stomach by late an 4 hearty sup-- ; part, change it, pr keep in. motion: suffi . pers; by .mating tpo soon, afcr a "regular cient- to maintain a very slight pbrspiration at hours itiquid, least, intervene;) meal, (five "until the clothing is perfectly dried.? r: eatin without, atf appetite;;; forcing food; The failure to wear iwoolert yilannel, next lafter is one conscious of had eating the skin, is tho most frequent cause of rheuhaving' enough; eating too, much of any favorite matism ; for a common, muslin, or linen ; or- r dish; eating something whlcKthostomach", "tsijk shirt on a person in a perspiration jj)eT ; can not digest, .or' sour stomach; ; &ny of comes damp and cold the'C instant- - a7pufit-.ot' these 'head-achinduceJ sick air strikes it, even in thingsmay This is ' all of them cala be avoided., e j or; riot the case when wyooleii flannel is .worn merital emotion of arijr kind, or. se-- I .next the skin. "great , " vero mental application' haye brought on j This troublesome, affection , is cured 'by-'- . head-ach! 'sick of the'most distressing char. Ikeepmgthef joint t affectedwoiipd Ground' irirlnTnnoo is caused bv 'acter, a,in an hour: it o .. ' rwith several folds of woolen flannel; second, in spirauous liquors.; When Jzy... a ' person has live entirely.on the lightest kinds of, food,. sick neaa-achthere is no appetite; the very sight'of food is hateful; tho tongue is boiled turnips, stewed apples, and the like. furred; the feet and hands are cold,' and If such things were eaten to the ' extent of there is a feeling of universal discomfort, Keepjng xne sysiem ireeiy open, ana exerwith an utter indisposition to rdo anything cise were taken, so that a slight moisture whatever. A -- glass! of wiarnr water, into should be on the surface of- the skin all the which has been rapidly stirred a heaping time; or if, in bed, the same thing were each'of salt and kitch by hot ' teas and plentiful , by causing instantaneous vomiting, empties a grateful relief and: jra, ultimate ine siomacn oi tne bile or, undigested sour , cure will very certainly result in a reasonafood, and a grateful relief is often: PYnri. bly short time.' Without these, tho disease ,;enced on the spot;and rest, with a ewshours Will? continue to torture i for weeks and oi Bounci, reiresiung sleep, completes tho Ji:-.months and years. rycure, especially if tho principal part of the nracitl Inflammn.tnrvrhetim.'it ism m.iv;for all nexi uay or two is spent in mental diversion iical purposes, be regarded as an aggravated r and activities, nntr onffno- on ofnm form of the common kind, extended to ail of food (but drinking - freely of cold water the joints of- the body instead, of. implicattor not teas) until feel as if a' piece of -ing only one or two. For all kinds, jtlme, plain, cold bread and Abutter would, "taste flannel, warmth, with a light, cooling diet, really goodt?,ine cases in ten thecause of are the great remedies,! f, r rr r - ; sick head-ach- o isrin tho fact, that the stomach was not, able to digest the food last in-- ; AlR, SUNSHINE ANIX HEALTH A New troduced into it,1 either fromtit;. being un- -' York merchant noticed, in the progress of or r, excessive in quantity.1 When suitable; lost years that each successive tKo stomacri is weak a hli health, and finally died of consumption spoonful of ihe? mild--eblandest food wpuld cause an' attack of howover vigorous and robust ho was on ensick head-achwhen ten times the amount tering his service. At length it occurred to have been taken in health not him i that - then little rear-roo..might where, only theibool were kept ppened in a back;rwlth impunity but with positive advantage. Those.who are "subject to sick head ache" so : surrounded yard, by high ;vallsf too eat much and xxerciso too little, and .that hq sunshine came into it from one year's, e havtocold feet and constipation:. A "diet of tend to another, ;An upper room, well lightcold bread and' butter,; and fruits or ed, -- was 7 immediately prepared, and his ripe: berries, with moderate continuous exercise jelerks had uniform good; health: ever afterl ' . in tho open air. sufficient fn A French lady became ill. ; The most; embpn. nn t inent physicians of her time were called in, gentiorperspiration, would, .'of themselves f,v-iU,mw- b .caso x uvury Witnin thirty-siJbut failed to restufo her. At length Dupey-- , h OU rs. , T U'o t eastinnn f, o ,n f . t -- s ,i tren, the JNapoIeon of physic.'was consulted- .- charcoal, stirred in half a ' He noticed that she lived in a dim room, in- glass of water, and iadranki cenerallvpivns in!fonf w,i:Ar vi auuncYCi OilUUt'j lliu UOUSO situated in one of the narrow trfi 'n Rheumatism Affects the. 'joints, tho .rather lanes of Paris. Ho ntr bnco ordered hinges of the bod v. i slightest motion of the ailing part Ogives I 'more airy, and cheerful appartments, and 'aU'hercompialntivahished.''.."-"-'13 ry, and lurris ."UP f: siiiffie arnn. ''Frbm these facts, which cannot be disput; u.uu. ..jv nr nil mUk6s wonderful change, and it ed, the mbsi common mind should conclude ; -moves on itself with the' utmost ftcillS? that cellars, and rooms on the northern sido oi Duiiamgs, vt apartments into which the neumatism Is an inflammation of the sur-sun does not immedtely shinn. shnnT r. lace of the Joints. Tnfln mm u ? t. , . p er be , heat dries these ' or chambers occupied as family-room- s surfw. t,r, itujauus ur siuuics , Ducal apart- twin Tn k nn i r tut IHHng aiu jjui ior storage," or nJy tunuuion or tiier parts t injtito : nature Is consLmtlv ' nevar. which fiirnt; require persons to remain W ling oil. hich kpnns ITVn" 'i: ,.fcr-- r every J intelligent ;and humane parent will fectly smooth nmJV" arrange that, tho family-rooand tho chamuimosc aiways caused bers shall be the most it may bo nrtimT i : r - .. - crater to the parebed srouadt ; ' ' As gurgling brook in desert fouml As beacon light to Pallor' , As grasps the hmd a prize, A mo?t dsar f rlerviJ who'ro parted long"! A pioves the heart a gentle bod?; ." Tblalaa mother's lore to me A rich, a b'earcn-sc. .As ! ; 3 -- lon?-oujr- ht nt The portraiture of leg-acj'- . : "it'i - I e; ; mid-summe- r. Over-fatigu- 1 5 e, . Selected. - : HOUSEHOLD HINTS. - - ; that above: The affection drawn from nature's well, ' The lore that doth all love excel Spontaneous warrai a mother's breptV An4 ever shines, whafef tho test; J'' Evincing watchful, tender care, To shield its hope from tvery aria re, This, kind mother, sWet and' mild J ? A tribute from thy yooasest child. ::-- ? e, " . 3 Tomatoes. After stewing them a few minutes and just before dishing them, add a little flour and sweet cream; pepper salt, ani butter as ia other dishes. Another good way to prepare tomatoes is to slice them rather thickly, salt pepper and roil ia flour, then fjy brown in buttcr; kept'a boiling heat ;: -all the time. y-i - hed lea-spo- bed-clothin- American Yorkshire PaddingtWheu scraps of bread and meat have accumulated, instead of making "hash,V chop the meat finely, soften tho bread with boiling water, mix tho two Ingredients "together add an egg or two some salt -- pepper Knd sage. Bake in an ordinary pan- - thus you save all and have a disk superior to 'hash. " ; i , ,' : "L : 5 out-doo- - - - - u J Lettuce Gather some nice heads' of lettuces tender and crisp; wash and cut in quarters or shreds-ta proportionate quantity of creamVadd .small lit of butter and Denner and s.ikhrnftTi fng point and pour over the lettuce covering it for a H uiwuiwi luu uisu is saiti to oe a good sub- stituto for green peas before they arc in season 1 o : tn in book-keepe- : st e, ' Preparing Cofiee. Put the' gronnd ; colee'to soak orer night in'enousli cold water tn f U ri ia the morning add more water; put lYoWr the fire, ia what boiling water is necessary; and put the jeo-poc- on tno stove-neart- to settle for fifteen b Coffee thus nrenared will bcr-colpre- if left over aud d, m mtcci ur vwcniy minutes, then nil vwi v .loan it scuica wita min-titc- nA 1 ; s s. zu: ! will heat agaia better :. cggs.n-,-- Picklcs-Pi- rU Kr - cof-- ; dnd Wash the racum- Cucjmbcr ccrs oi not more than tbreo days growth, pack in a keg or jar in close layers over each layer place a v wuiuxi amm nas Deen well mixed say a tablcspoonfnl to each pint of ealt- - do not ad-any water. When wanted for: use freshen thenj ijcali in strong; vinegar spiced to the , taste. Drain the pickles dry and cover with mg to each pint of the vinegar a tablesponful of wiiicu is nrsc poured Over " .vu.fci them will labibo too much of the salt to be agVeea-bl- e to the Uste and will lose much of its strength XThUe the iVcs- hured ; over them alymegar ready sour, with the addition 'of the suar- - win ?r?r V prcservo them in full strength. ; ck . 4 i ; 11 twi i , : ruu it.i; 1 ! I ! " -- , i- . ! HYGIENIC SiocDead ache KOXjEiis ? ; I5 sickness t .s'tom-aca tendency, to vomit, combined with : : h, m, . much Mo in the system, from the fact that this bUo is manufactured too or is rapidly, not worked out or tho' system Cut nou-- h by steady active exercise. Hence scdcnb persons, those who do not walk about e5t deal, but aro scatcd.in the houso nearly if tlu0,', alImo3t cxclivcly tho victim, Trcssing malady. -- usually I "'.'4dWUUl3 tU. JllS UWCUllW ..b.Vgv Hall's Journal of Health. ; ' ; an--oth- af It result of a cold itistotho or a rm dryuCoId' damp: does m rheumatism ., a dampness, jtcd byrperspirationor rain, or, water in form.about a Inint nnrrnA,i j . whi o the person is in a state of: rest, is the most common way of causing rheumatism . A partialwettlng of a garment is.moro ap io.induce an attack than if the entire were wetted; .because; in the latter ca4f ' commodious, lightest -- ' er i: ;Txieee is seldom' a lino & glory written a upon man's face but a lino .runs paralh l with It; and that read tho ustrous syllable of tho theyand stop not to decipher tho spotted amione, wori Inription of the other. g:-I,:,lf ofthn les-- u earth has (o'ivr. of-sufferi- t tho-Icssc- ? . j-o- ' -- " &iih'ii -- ' g, . - '. on 