Vol. HOME AFFAIRS. - ; re-unio- i-- r-i History Industrial Drawing Miss Jennie Dennison. This school will open Aug. 2nd. in the Uni versity Building and, will continue two weeks. It will be free to teachers, and those who intend to qualify themselves' for teaching, from all parts of the Territory. "The question of the day" is an old one warmed over for the just now haying-been 'time. "How did you spend your Fourth ?" v ; : of Darwin, writing from ADisciple Ttfotw Wf mintAr. rlASPTihns and , that natnrfllisfc. as "a line old man," says "though there mav be some other law or cause than, his theory why species change, yet so far he is quite right wo are, for sure, a developed -- .animal." a ; . - V The American Newspaper Directory of Rowell & Co. for 1875. records 8,348 papers published in the United States and British provinces, an Increase of 1,910 since 1871, and of 564 from last year, f Tebbible raileoad accident , at Far Rockaway in the earlier part of this month, several nersons were killed, a much larerer nnmhpr Rfr!nn!lv fninrod: considfirahlo blame seems attached to the men In charge. The .trains were crowded with excursion , y: parties. ;;:, At Nyak, N.: Y., there' has been a most destructive storm of rain, hail and wind, accompanied by incessant thunder and lightning; two. men were killed by lightning, torn up and houses were unroofed,-tree- s carried some distance. The damage was ' ' - ? . ! : : , immense. : 1 . . - .. - - .. . country; and the greatest alarm prevails among the surviving inhabitants; sickness and starvation are also increasing. The Miuennial Star of June 21st, re- cently received, contains a very, interesting account of the Swiss and German Conference, held at Berne, Switzerland, Juno 6th, 1875. Br. Joseph F. Smith, President of the European Mission, was then in Switzerland, and on that occasion addressed the Conference, telling them that he regretted not being able to speak in their own language. His sermon was an earnest and impressive exhortation to both men and women to live their religion, to become preachers of the Gospel, by effectually honoring its divine principles. He also entreated them to labor diligently and be economical, wise '. and prudent with their means," that they might be able to gather to Zion, but not to gather with" a" view to obtain riches,' or to benefit their" temporal condition, but to build up the kingdom of God. .' There were 7 many other brethren there, 1 representing the different missions and conferences, who spoke expressively and impressively the great work, of the latter days. The people seemed especially pleased and gratified to have with them one of the Twelve Apostles, and so many Eders, from , , . con-corni- ng , Zion. . " - ; , It is said that 2,000Jpersbns were drowned at Toulouse, by the flood of the river Gar-onnee,a- nd that In consequence of tho destruction of property by that flood, 100,000 . ' Mrs. Laura Do Force "Gordon, editor of the Stockton Leader, and Mrs. Belle Lynch of the Mendocino County Dispatch, were lately in San Francisco at the Stato Democratic Conven.tion, The Golden Dawn pavs persons will bo dependent on "charity for monthsl The contributions for them have already reached $200,000. President Mac Mahon. headed tho list." Tho Popo sent $4,000. - have been guilty that.X should be victimized, but thus it is. ..For the. past two ,or : throe weeks,,, everybody , within twenty miles around, who has had annoy-- : ances of a certain kind to i bear,-lia- 3 seemed determined that I shouM sharo them, whether ray sweet temper and charity-lovin- g spirit prompted mo to offer sympathy or not. Allusion is mado to'a class of writers who do not succeed in getting. their' productions published in a manner satisfactory to themselves. , , And. i to such ; I .respectfully submit. tho following that is, if it. should not find the same sad iate.'so tmany of my triends-preciouwritings ha vo pFrenly, waste basket. met, to bo consigned f I do not iwiMse to repeat here, tho and in some' ihstoinces disdainful 'words to which I have listened nor to pic-l-u re the doleful or indignant' countenance which have been presented to ine. It U enough if I give my opinion on the subject, and a few hints gratis, inasmuch as I have been so often consulted. First of all then, bo assured that it is most absurd for any .of us to tike offence because tho judgment of another, particularly an editor,. should differ from , our own in regard to our own productions. Want ofv clearness in ; writing, isa great deficiency with many 'They yrito as they . speak without duo '.consideration as to . whether they will bo properly "understood or not. as a consequence, tho real beauty and value of a composition is ofteri hid from all but the writer's own rnind,' simply . ; for want of clear and . correct expression. Even tho talented and learned are frequently u guuiy. oi writing inus oDscureiy, so that j, they.aro only! comprehended l)y the educat-- l ed few.. While, I suppose, it must 'bo to. ' ' II.. i . 1. 'JJiif.il.li' iuu luiuroat ol journalistic euiiors toseo tnac only such things appear in their periodicals, in a general way, as will bo readily grasped as by tho reading public tho ' ' well as the moro enlightened. . Another grievous iault with 'many is, the apparent idea of entirely exhausting an In teresting subject, sdying; all that is worth saying about it, in one brief, essay." Could this bo done, tho, benefit of waiting would bo obsolete in our day. All would, have been said and printed in past ages, arid handed down to us. .. Upon the strength of this fact, realizing that much more remains which might be said with profit, but that I am only canablo of saying very : little, I will cut this criti- 03. wo do cism snorr, oareiy aaaing tnat ' most all other 'things, of us, write. nearly With too great hasto and , too 'littlo care; thinking. moro of how much wb can do. than how well wo can do'It: feeling moro anxious to call our work completed, than to pronounce it good. I wish wo could overcome this infirmity as individuals, as a people, agnation, a world. And grow into the-more rational way of considering that the moro wo criticiso ourselves, .tho' less wo shall bo criticised by others; and the less time wo spend in criticising others, the ' more wo shall have for self criticism. -- ; - ; NOTES AND NEWS. ninety-eight- h ' : " of education and advancement. i For the Expoxext. , , Pro. Karl G. Maeser; and- - Science, ns, Mail advices from South America bring distressing accounts f of the terrible quakes which have lately been visiting that country. Sevoral -towns and cities have been almost entirely- destroyed. It is said that in thirty minutes tho city of Cacuta? was laid in ruins, resulting in the death of more than ten thousand people, in addition to other thousands injured.' The causo is unknown as well as the place of its "com- mencement. Some attribute the cause: to the volcano of Sohatera; others arc inclined to tho belief that a new volcano has broken out in the hills of Giracha.' Thero havo been several severe shocks since, in- different places through tho same part of the : so-cruell- - ............. ' I do not know of what misdemeanor I Yale College, Harvard,1 Vas-- : progression. sar, Holyoke, Cornell; Greylock, and Cooper? Institute and many others too numerous to mention here, have all recently celebrated their commencement. Certainly these sat-- ; isfactory reports must be particularly pleasing to those who are interested in the cause - ' YOU WRITERS. 1 , -- : them the flattering compliment of causing many a delegato to change their voto through their successful. lobby ism. Commencement 'Season, "literary anni versaries," exhibitions of schools - and and academies, class days, class "Phi Beta orations," are crowding one after the other or all together, at this season of the year; and from every quarter wo hear the gratifying accounts of pleasant associa-tion- s, favorable reports as to scholarship and As the time Is drawing nearer for the commencement of the Normal Institute in this city, we thought perhaps it would not be amiss to mention it again, although in our issue- of July 1st, we made a short notico of it, in con- -' nectlon with some other items. We feel certain that such training is essentially necessary, and with the superior talent, ability and experience of such teachers as the programme presents, it cannot fail to be a school which will be a material benefit lathe Territory. Arrangements have been made to accommodate those who may at-- : tend from the country, with zooms and board at reduced prices, and also special railroad fare at half the usual rates. Dr. John It. Park has charge of conducting and superintending the school; Prof. Karl G. Maeser's theory Jand practice of teaching; Prof. J. M. Coyner, Arithmetic; Reading, W. H. Rager; Geography, Mis3 Dr. J. R. . Park; Josephine Cole; Grammer, t n us xis. itr!ii .ueiui duow; wining, xrroi. r . opeuxjug, iuisa ,T.n M. Bishop; Oral Grammer, Miss Delia Snow; UDjectJUessons, miss alary a. tttauaugn; Uiyn Government and Physiology, Prof. J. M. Coyner; Elocution, Pro J. L. Rawlins; Natural : No. 4. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY 15, 1875. 4. s sor-ro'i- " -- " - , . .ih-'.'.'- semi-illitera- te . ; . - J MABri.- - ui, 