W OMA N' 138 SEX P 0 NEN T ADDENDUM. i I Dear Qucery: 'TIs wrour, that I frccl' artmllr-- : ; To judgo from a standard too low; : And that I did, was not that tho bright opposite am jiot so blest as to know.- Gcxl Uoss blm! who knows and is frco to affirm iWonian's lot has been low ?Qr lier worth ; WJio hoJds lier his equal while In her soul burn V , . ; Thoughts and aims of as heavenly birth. . Who holds that no sex 'monj the passions is known , ' Love and virtue as holy in all, - That daughter and son God will equally own When made pure and redeemed from the fa'l. Yet th Idear nobret unselfish and gi and, Still winning, and ic inter, and swttt, The loveijTtbc Christ Uktrraai n' fnu uf uimt i Deny not, 'Tis rarely we meet. When beloved by such, whom we proudly revere, z We are n t quite at ease even then ' From fair heighta of joy we look down in pale frir 77 Lest our sisters faH victims to men Who know not, who care not if Love be divine And woman beloved of God , Who scorn her ai being 'a frail, clinging viae". And who'd trample her down to the sod. Wh think that God made, her a slave to maa's wlil; ' ' If not, hk will will make her so j et, Who willwln her affections with cunuiageat skill : , f And lead her to life lonar regret, 7; i il' wish her to learn to be wary and wise That by such she may never bo won f7 That poor, sightless Love may be furnished with eyes ' And never cool judgment outrun. ' That without losing faith in Iluraanitys wortJj, : She may Bet a just value on each, ; "And judge righty between the things Loped for on earth A.oa iuose mai are now wiimn leucn. ; When her own Priestheod quickens her spiritual s'Iffbt iiiisnexaow wnencener love would return, 'Twill then be quite safe to give Love a free flight, 'j ; 77And as safe just to via.it till he come. 1 I:.'. - ? . - , - -- -- - . ? s . Beaver, Jan. 23, :r;U : Ltr Dai.tok. R. S. REPORTS. Dear Editor: - vv-C- .. mvieenuMcrir -- ; Emma Nye jliNGiiAM t h A ' I rvl Tln rmr h uh vebeenJJiere On the last Fast . day, there was over fifty L' ,1 nia if IA-- dred-dollafssiricew- i donated For the Exponent. e-ha dollars in money J iti' fifty-e'eofferings, dol natea Dytne Dretnren ana sisters wo nave naa anoiner geniio' ruin- - oi xnree-or-iont RESPECT : THI CHILDREN'S FEELINGS.- . uc freshing meetings. 'Pray let them know that their sisters love to partake with them of tho good things they feast upon through J .7 ' ; 77 7 ' J enett De La' Mar e. Miss Jennie Collins invited the unemployed girls to dine with her at the Bower, No. 815 Washiriton Street, boston, "recently, and presided'over the entertainment ' ; ; - - 1 k - . tn0-child- -- - - 2 1 - ' 4 - 1 1 - 7r ,CV;;tf ,. at is an 11 !"" V hop minrt mWOMi,nnn 7 tf.n often for; the most I llQ-i- nnrl rl 0V1 A,tr1 ot trivial offenses? 4Vt .k-,,- , rin uonacg iauut titan uj. uaaaimg fcUtJ luauw mg story, or, inc Went, which came under my poservation. .j..f r. :,,n.i Twr Are no viwnfitlli" . I PRACTICAL EDUCATION. A lady hbse; husband had failed in busi ness, and left her home to ko and seek an How is it that wo can see men who have m anomer upemwg piape,7iouna nerseir iet molded themselves on the anvil who won' t alono With four or five children to support let their bovs be moulded on tho anvil too? with her own hands. . After soine weeks of As the leather dealer pounds the' leather hard struggling and very, short - fare, she together to maker a sole. so the bov needs arose one . morning and found , there7wasj to make him a man. ' If you don't pounding neither bite nor sup in the nouse to giyp her you bring up a tender childi a child that hungry little ones. The delicate, nire .year won't wear well; And the same with a old giri busied lherselfl in., tidying ;up the' child that is brought up without knowing room, while the .mother .whose f heart 7 wa$ how to work. There are misfortunes enough sad and heavy, was dressing the other child- - that fall upon the fair sex; there are adver-ren- .fihe But said to.lierdaugKter; "IToii sities and sudden revolutions in affairs that had better fill the tea kettle, and set the.: to- - more often laU, like pitiie$sTstorms,iupon blefor breakfast."' The child looked .the their heads than unon thosfi of men;; but; of surprisq she felt as she, answered," "Why, all adversities, a foolish .mother for: affair mother, there Is no bread nor anything-- ; else daughter is the most adverse; .one. who will ; 1 : f 1 ; ;oo -- nearu insieaa vttuvuw.vuumu iuuaiu around herand knelt for the usual morning but, in may some way or another, work should bo Mu awui muppucapart 01, tne education of every bov, and the 'tA wt l Kr-yvfuiuer.iu ooy.wno is Drougn tup without Knowing iieaven. She arose with' a calmer Hht In h flW in wnrlr, la tinf oil. ha U old Jews, used to isay thata nel;eyef .Tncn went to her drawer 'an- - abused; tooicout a small roll of white! soit. cotfon anu nnen. rags,, and sent; her littlo :frl fn wiiii tnem to the store to' sell, with instruc-- 1 tn tions what to do with the mon ey which she would Jbring up the ; best crops hero that I should ire t for tho raps, v 7 Iho child - slipped 'away on the ermndJ hnv Wof n wt-0m-i orn nntntnii'w received much more than eTtiwtwi oC,n, wnrt if o,i ,i She ran-tthe grocer's" and boughttca.Veu- girls that are able to work in the kitchen uiuu iooit ne remain- - and about the house, and aro7 not ashamea mg part to the baker and holding it .but in of It either. , , 7 r 7 g; 7. w- -- . - - , - o . . .. .: . MAuntlef do : - ....... ! J . - 5 - t . - ' thing the that they needbigLfblkseverdany to be scolded for?" asked a ' Temple, but gladdened the hearts4 ofthe mischievous little girl, 3 i farmers. The Templo walls are expected to . "Certainly they do, just as much as little do reauy ior me rooi,- - oy tne nrst oi April; folks," was the reply. there are twenty feet of masonry yet to be f Well why don't they, get scolded ; then? laid. They have' here, Sunday Schools in no one everobserved speaks cross to you the forenoon, end Sacramental' meetings in mo aiternoon. Tne pretnren are giving Kot )ecause I do not deserve it ;perh'aps, historical lectures once a week) the youn men's Historical Club meets once a wee! but that people regard! ray feelings,'.' said and they are having theatres twice a week.' her Aunt. "Eh!7l wish Tcould have my feelings reThe weathenis pleasarit agaiii.- - May pros- . ' Ji. ' il J garded," answered the little victim of cen ponty aueuu your vaiuaoie paper, vye ex sures? pect to start for home about the tenth of And who blames her for thinking so? February next. BathsHeba Wi- Smith. Her Aunt did not, but while telling the child she must learn to do as nearly as possi- ble as she was told, by thoso who had i a FAITH, h right to direct; her, some, new ideas crossed f he7 workmettldn dayshichrhindered L'i . . - :-:- , ""i-- : w tN are, very comfortably situated hero, at the St, George Ifouse rooms and board. The sisters of the Relief an i , Your Sister in the Gospel, We are enjoying ourselves here in this de- lightful climate. My husband's health has not been batter for years. President Young's health is pretty good ;, ho rides out j almost every day fo tho temple to advise and couu- scl the workmen. There are many things to look affolfjit keep him, myjiusband, and many,othcrs,oii the logic out continually, to keep. so. many; men at wprkd vantageously. uuui is jiauui 'wuiaro toiu since Its commencement, and feel now that I could not do without it. To me. one beau tiful feature is, that through its columns Ave see tne advancement of our sisters in the Relief and Retrenchmeet Societies through the territory. And as we are all striving jor tno same hIghobject,expecting to obtain ana share it all together .finally, we feel great interest in each others welfare. The Societies in Tooele are doing, well, and I think, are accomplishing trreat crbod. Thft President and Counselors in the Relief Societv arc alive to their duties and the Teachers look well after tho wants of the poor. And we all feel blest not alone in performing our temporal duties, but also in meetinc nftnn together to speak to each other of tho good ness or uod. 'The youne ladies' association is also prospering. They take great'delight in attending, their meetings and trying to live worthy of being called .Daughters of zionr The Exponent has; not told us of late, about the Fourteenth Ward General Retrenchment meetings.: I. cannot believe they (tho sisters) have given up ' thoso ro the Exponent. " 1875. or :- . n , Tooele Citv, Feb. 2nd, - , 1875. . Jan. 23rd, 1873. Dear Editor: MOST. RESPECTFULLY TO QUEER Y (Exponent, Jan. 15th, 1875.) her little hand said; "Please .Sir, will you; send mother all the bread you' can for this?" : The baker who was a kind man, and knew the child said, ''Has your father not come home?" "No sir." "Then yourjmother is in a strait, ha? well hold up your apron." And he loaded the child with bread arid ' cakes till she could hardly stagger under it. "When the child cot into the house the faithful mother wont of fnv. nnri heart was filled with' thankfulness to that God whose Son hath said; "God feeds the ravensy and will Ho not feed you, O ye o f little faith; LETTEK FROM ST. GEORGE. For tho ExroxEjrrr 7 ' - . ' , - - . : . i 5 "J. 1 ' ' -- f '-- - '' - - - 