' ' ,. ' '' - VVY V-J-- - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 15, 1875. VOL. 3. NOTES AND NEWS. DON'T MARRY WITHOUT LOVE. St. Andrew's church, in New York was recently crushed in, the roof being beaten in by the toppling over of a lofty wall The 'accident occurred during the time of an evening service when the church was filled - with people. Several persons were killed instantly and many were taken to the hos- pi tal seriously injured. , That the sufferers were at the time of the disaster, in the midst of divine worship, seems to add to the painful interest of the solemn occasion A man named Brown, of Potlsville, Pennsylvania, is to be executed on the 24th inst, for the murder of an aged couple,. Mr. and . Mrs. Kromer. Moody and Sankey, two American pilgrims, have been holding revival meetings in England, from which several cases of insanity have occurred. - The cabelessness or many i mothers in allowing small children to have pins or needles with which to amuse themselves is something to be deprecated, and the following sad occurrence should act as a salutary warning to such. The Alta" of Tuesday, gives this account; "On Friday afternoon a little daughter of Col. J. G. Jeffreys, of No. 1616 Washington street, accidentally forced a needle into her chest, while leaning against the window-sil- l. AJphysician was called, but was unsuccessful in finding the needle, although search was made, and the integu ments of the chest "were divided to the breastbone, immediately over the wound The child had broken it off in an effort to extricate it herselfc The needle had penetrated the chest, from which it was quite impossible to extract it. , On Sunday nocri the child died suddenly, not in a spasm, as has been said. An autopsy was held yesterday morning by Dr. Chas. McQuesten,a the family physician,, which revealed wound in the right ventricle of the heart, produced by the needle, and a part of which was extracted therefrom. This should be a warning to all mothers that they cannot be too careful in keeping needles from their younger children. The fine cambric needle is and rapid in its transit through the flesh, after disappearing . almost defies extraction beneath the surface." ; . No. . HOW TO BE BEAUTIFUL. I wish WOMAN'S VOICE. 1 could say to every young lady, "Don't marry any one that you do not love." It i a fearful life-li- e to assume marriage wit hout love ! Follow the dictates of your individual heart in that which only concerns yourself! Do not let envy, or pique or fancied slight lead you into a wrong; marriage. Marry the one you love or no one.- - Better go through life alone than livo hero whole lifetime with one that you do not love. Do you realize what marriage is? It is to sit opposite some ono that you love, or don't love, at meal-timthree . times a day through all your life. It is to go to concerts and church, and to see your relatives and acquaintances with the one that you love or don't love. It is to be dependent upon some one else for tho necessaries and pleasures of life. It is to divide hapiness or misery; which shall it be? It Is to have children who shall be taught good or evil by father as well as mother. It is one long, long partnership of life. It should bo a life of love or 4 e, a life alone. Better await the bridegroom the other side of the grave than to live so false a life here as the unloving marriage state. For "man and woman made He them;" and there can fee but one true love. The best of substitutes is worse than no marriage love. So I repeat to every girl, better never marry than marry one to whom you cannot be true in heart and life, and soul. ;"'"-T!- " 7 ' BETH. - " In Woman's Journal. The musical accomplishments of the great composer wero so wonderful at the early age of six years, that his father took him with him to tho principal cities to play in public r- There is pretty little French story told of him when he visited Vienna. He played before the Emperor and Maria Theresa, and after ho had executed several pieces to the satisfaction of all, the Empress made a sign for him to come to her. As he descended from the stool, unaccustomed to walk on a waxed floor, he slipped and fell. A little girl sprang forward and cried, "Are you - - I had a sweet little dream last night, and to want tell I you what it was for it has made me so happy I was sitting In the front room, it seemed to bo a warm day and both doors wero open. My loved, lost darling came in, and coming up to me, placed hss precious little arms around my neck, while a sweet smile lighted his dear face. He commenced kissing me, and I put my arms about him and said, "Did my little boy come to see me?" to which he answered "Yes While ho still smiled upon me, I said! yould comb his head. And taking the comb from tho shelf, I began combing his hair, which was still wavy and beautiful as his looks wero natural and sweet But before I had finished, he turned to me with the saino heavenly smile that he wore when ho entered, and said "I must go now." And placing his arms around my neck, and kissing me as before, ho left the room. Then I remembered that you wero in .the garden, and went to tell, you that he had been to sco me. I wondered that I had not called you while ho was with me, that you too might have seen him. And then I recollected that I had been so filled withjoy that I did not think of any one, nor even that I was alono in tho houso when he came. When I found you, wo walked together as we used to with our arms around each other, and I was telling you what had happened when I awoke. It was but a little dream, but it comforts my heart, and I thank my Heavenly Father for it to-da- y. . ma-am- ." M. G. H. MOZART AND THE PRINCESS. hurt?" 203 : Smitiifield, CAche Co. My Dear Sister: It really is me, attempting to writo to you once more. Wo have had a very sickly time with our little ones this winter, but the Lord has been merciful and kind to us. I feel that the time is near when tho Saints will take tho Kingdom and possess it What a glorious rest for bur dear parents and many others who have come up through tribulations, and have raised their families v in the fear of the Lord! As a family, we aro not well in health but we love tho Lord and oue another, and wo feel that wo aro blest Love and blessings for yourself and dear S. E. G. H. ones. . , You are beautiful," said Wolfgang. "Will you marry me?" The little girl laughed. Miss Ingelow, it is stated, is a native of To bo beautiful wo must cherish every "That cannot be, my poor boy?" Boston, in England, and passed her early kind impulse and generous disposition, . same tho are of We not? age?" life amid the quiet. surroundings and avocamaking love the ruling affection of the heart "Why ordering principle and inspiring the motive" of life. The "more kindness,lovemoro beauty; the more love, the more liness. And:this Is the beauty that lasts. Mere years,' physical g'obd looks fade withtothe slow the bleach out with sickness, yield of mortality. But decay and wasting breathseat and sourco in the beauty that has its kind dispositions, and. noble purposes, and maturity, great thoughts, outlasts youth and luscious the increases with ago and, like - of peacbrcovered wi th the delicate blush autumn purple and gold which comes with waitripeness, is never so beautiful as when Gatherer's hand. ing to bo plucked by the1871. Annual of Phrenology, andtho -- "But youjaroonly a English girk She is now about shall be great forty-fiv- o years of acre, and lives with her be shall widowed mother, In a retired part of Lon "Andl am Maria Antoinette, I don, "in a quiet street," as sho has saia, This little girl became the wife of Louis "where all tho houses are with window boxes full of flowers." XIV, and tho unfortunate Queen of France, and the same day that Mozart, having beMrs. Thomas H. Little has boen apin was crowned come a great composer, pointed Superintendent of the Wisconsin two and in insulted Paris; Institutiorifor- -f ho Education of tho Blind Vienna, she was scaffold. at Jancsyllle, Wis., a position made vacant years later perished on tho by tho recent death of .her husband. ...A lo- Little as a wocal paper "characterizes-MrsIn Mrs. Manchester, who died recently man of raro culture, of an elevated Christian reto eften used Pittsfield aged 105 years, spirit, folly competent to satisfactorily and "lam 'reference to her life, long mark in successfully perform tho duties of tho me." afraid God has forgotten irl arch-duchess- some day. '2 tions of-th- o ." -- 