163 ROMAN'S' EXPONENT. No one would write a word against tlie creatures of God, jNp bne r would ned jvrite a word against any thing but sin; and then the world would; bo worth living in, for there would be noho to offend." r " 5r"'" ' Some:yeari! ago we had supervision of a school 'for ' ybung men and womenJ The d esks were 1 what is cajled double,, each one accomodating two persons; ii: We 'placed' a voiinr- man and a voun ? woman at each.' Permission was - given the pupils to render s such" assistance' to their as they thought' profitable, keeping the noise' with in bounds. But wo did not often check the hum andbuzz; for as thesejyoun'g people wero being, trained for life, and as in actual life there is a hundred times'as much noise as silence, we should have hardly felt at liber ty to trnm therr faculties in silence for nse .in noise.r We only said t don't bo too noisy. But this is incidental. t What we wished to luring, before you iSitho striding influcnco of 1 1 - v. CJ mf desk-mate- , .; iriiasykte'uiibn 'the lpvo passion, C r . half-a-doze- n . - . , . one-tent- v , - heT-educatio-n; an-imposte- Ihnv-beenidest- roy : 'y-A-l '""""J' firs t? sat downto- - i tint.'.! .yi?en;Tho :If . the young man with ; G1RL& AiND BOYS AT SCHOOL. mr . a workman. who is Taid to work ten sisters, wno is sure to do wise in tne selection oi a hours, takes advantage of the absence of the Wife. .,,;I.f---- .master, or foreman, to smoKo a, pipe anu ho In its bcariner upon the most important mad a newspaper for one hour out of ten, - IlQ K of his day!s. wages. h interests of our earthly life; thero is no part steals or our, education so yitii as aneariy, large, does the very thing; that a shopkeeper wouia do who eavo him fourteen ounces of butter ; the opposite se;.WhVMpbblity,isihero qr(; sugar instead pf a pound, cor nino ya,rdr as- ten An tnat a young woman, an oniy cnua , nrou gn i of jCalicOiWhqn thq hill charged lip in seclusion, educated in a convent or SlSianB Ul a SUOy .VVMUi iicau. Vi,vaiub other separate school and who" then, having hlsrmaster'a interestsias if. they f were his intqjhis vork f .ecxerciseafinished scts;iip at homo un- own pu$ no heart; der, the watchful eyes of her . mother, for a no ingenuity, treats .customers careiessiy iuthere, that sho stfiad of 'courteously, and so diminishes the husbandyhat probability is tK of. their, comingaain, gets his saltrf wibe wise in her relations wi men ? AVith chances; no becupatibn save that ofcatching a beau, ary on false pretences1, doesEiPOtygiyo.itfie. with imagination and emotions left to wan- kind of servico.which.ho know3 nis empioyn : fixneetsfand which: ho would expect t if der, is she likely to seo through ,;tho sham r ho wero an, employer, himseltHo cannot smiles and vbwsfif : r jt Was untbrtbnate: in view brthe ex but know that his services are worm .put ho did his best. periments beincr tried, that Br, Lewis' school half what thev would be if InsteaCoLcarniriglih should moro inan xio fruits of Jus system could hayo been; more he is engagcd,he does not cam ho pmctically. steals. the rcst.l, plainly seen.n liut tais was not the'first noP or 20, andwho knows, how to driyp' lionio mari; only experiment of thokind.'. Ever since likb that, and is not afraid to do it, Is- ;boys ana girls were born Ith&antoVfaiiiily blows 10 JjQ a power in mu ;i U I iney nave grown up, ana, 10 a great uaiuiu, asso educated and necessarily have been ...-- and actedijustas a getherrjfteylqbke a young; jriad Jand young .woman are likely tddo;wia ;need not ,You. hayp seeniho they, look ciscribq and and aeft;Y month the young people acted jto ward in a !.JJ 'iL'-Lii- ..L UL.i.i'-- i W I ;;i ; ' For tbo ExrosKtr. j nunneries and certain schools. , Wo ciin sec ItETltENCIIMENlY Hi; no good reason why 'they should ever be I are separated", Neither iiilnds nor;,inorals; Retrenchment is aisubject upon.which so Phrenological Journal. much might bo said, that. Ilfecl it quitela improved thereby Lattertask toiwriteV or speak upon it; but as Of -day Saints wo should never allow oureach 'pthel'orotheaiid "sister.-;.- ' "All that A WOMAN NATURALIST. selves to say wo cannot do what ia required peculiar' expression and manner which you v often see; aong' lovers,' and which you reMrs. Maxwell,-- resident oi Boulder. Col of us. as we understand &k a1 disfa:rice: of three Retrenchment I think blocks', sobn orado, is a very remarkable woman for "by cognize; -- most and glorious tho one of greatest is With" it new the arrangement disappeared? her, own personal efforts she 'has collected as us muclt do will island fniP fhnro in our school there was lnore'br jess of this specimens of natural history, mineralogy, as any principle all through the room; but) as already stated, and euriQSiuei. that , would 4o credit to any good if carried but tightly, includes nof mly it soon gave place to a social atmosphere learned professor. She has a ffreat 5variety WO have'cmbracedUIt that: will; make us which seemed identical with that of a home of animals and birds, inbst of iwhich shelhas dress; but everything among brothers and sisters. ' SUIT farther) shot and afterwards skinned and stuffed. All Wise, usetui ana rnappywmio iu i ofrthc 1 they were' permitted' to exchange partners find outTthb will orGod concerning ieach of at pleasure on the first Motfday and grizzly bears, lynxes, mountain lions, eion,to to imo buujiwu w month. This renewed the lovers' exhibi- antelope, deer, elk, Rocky Mountain sheep, us. bring ourselves of us J at. will, and to dq what Ho requires our sev tion a little at iSrst, but after three months prairie dogs, squirrels, rabbits,. beavers j all fAnri frt nnr nravers. Oiir lneetings," even this change . of companions evoked no sorts of birds, large and small, perched upon , ?' ?i homesand elsowherq. at duties eral visible disturbances of the school work. trees, and all arranged with great taste ana lames that picturesque effect. Her mi ricraVogical speci-men- s It is surprising to seo the young But what, good came of it?: to the things nnd hoar their testimoy nf answer. . are very fine and sho has; a rare colso- question we w)s these of . the organization since God, of introduced was From the day this system lection of foreign curiosities; a'm.inhiture - , t cleties. .Anu x..ubmovu was It . no human the. school required government, from armor, China, Japanese pagoda i yvm-uucjuuu v- -' vy" lite, a company, of ladies and gentlemen ,in tooth necklace from the cannibal islands'.seal we havOtioegun, a drawiugtroom. :There ..was no (.necessity skinr'shbes. ahd gloves frbm'the far North, for rules , in" the one case more than in the Icelandic iwcapons, and a thousand .tilings other. V The average; progress in our studies one would like to study for hours, bhe has feel that Ret renchmeht Is tho very was strikingly enhanced. Stupid, coarse also ati'hhmense rattlesnake witli its young, and I K .! thincr neeiled. '; fellows, who in company of men alone would hideous enough in its glass case, and conCurnBERT. . Geobgina chew, and growl, and loafj became bright, stantly wriggling itp horriblo body. I con1st Ward; jCi& gentlemanly and studious; and girfs of, light, sider this lady collector a marvel; without frivolous composition became earnest. The any especial training or. education 5she has greatly increased. The gradually taken up this lino of business, and average progress was ' A new point in American meteorology is not.as modto success. Her men came has made it a complete regard; ybmeh young to bo established by Mr. L. Biodget, sought 1 f creatures1 to be and her and indus skill,, toye4:yith,:ahdrW esty equals her ry; charming in a paper contained in the published SoVork-in- g a hard as in 'down but a to 'deserves museum talked' city. brave, place,' large be of the AmeHcan Philosophical ' and' equals. , , Ex. competitors companions,- Ho1 states going to how to J ciety. and bodies, ' They ceased to' think of their:their the greater number of winds which prevail ' minds; of States in cold weather rc United thought only of the quality in the The. young women no longer looked up to descend,, and ; mat uwy uuuw ' Iald?' an 'English winds that seekW. heroes, as chirolrous R. Dr. hnnorl fnrprt from this descent . It The Rev. the young mien lady-lovrecently printed has been observed that the extremes of fcold preacher oi some nolej; has ing opportunity to' dio: for their thb ten command- are often not companions, a series of discourses on - but- as lair .honest;-honorablpropagated aiongw somements', which have exciled considerablo Whom it wa3 a pleasuro to know,' and of the country; but seem to originate where from the London' press. Discourses they occur, as thotihhaviug fallen from tho they times to conquer. In a single 'year toward fon the commandments Wcry commonly are above. This Is particularly tho camo to occupy: the same attitude atmosphere reared full nf strained application, While th? preach case In the northwest; Mr. Blodgct explains men with thoso girls who have been to arc such descents of heavy cold air by. tho supin a largo family of boys, and who Thereally er attempts to mako.his text sippropriate girls modern circunistanceSj Dui uiuru js iiuiHiUK position that the volume of air in tho given of husbands.; long.in.thochoico the fall of rain ...ilt ArTnoofpfi in a: separate school are of the kind bereft locality being contracted by fiUcd. . -- ; ; , ' f;;-.- a - - ; ; f . , the-iinim-ala ; : - . , Jt : is-ju- st . v"t- y . . ? : 1 pro-ceedin- gs - ! : 4 ? TinvTEN-COMJrANlBrENT.- e, -- e - . at-fnnt- inn ; , jf Iiko nhe onlyhild, who she has been prougnt, up m scuu.u, after a into some trap. The young men, arc lito year in such a school companionship, orsnoleavesa vaccumjvhiclisthus for the eighth Ijere is an application ; J - . " j TJ Mi if Wi ; com-mnRtlmc- - t nt: ; temperature with it. - ' ' : ;, . ;" ; i Hi 