. .. .... -. .k . , uw.- , "' ';: - - .. J " : ;. v ; , I '. .. . W OM 1 X' S EX P-' and fa. giving names and dates of celebrated persons and memorable events.. The names of t he most pmisewtay-rhopeyerare as follows: Eoieline Wells, Amy .'Colkins, Ida Felt,Hor-tenseLauge- .. Anna. Lynch, Isabella Pug-'leRichards, Wealthy George Taylor, Anna Wellsy Nettie'. Wells,. Luella Miles, Julia Stringham, IdaJYoung,:ElizaWth Best, Georgia Spencer. Messrs W. Van Cott and A. Gabbottralthcugh not' present at the examination, having left school a few weeks previousviormerly belonged to the. class, f.pd' came in after .theT close of the rev T to- fehow, "by the ready banner ilvwhieli they could repeat the "Copstitution," alid'' answer-all questions, that could .be propounded upon it, that their Jnterestin the stitdy had , . y, -- , - t -- 0 N E N T. '" v"' - ' ' : ' age,' Bishop Hunter, and George Goddard form much attached to them, for. their kindness' and -- - - inii the Committee-o- f arrangements. ability and for their integrity to the prin-ciplesT- salvation. Some of our friends are deserving of thanks for their thouglitfuiness and promptitude in already bringing and sending in subscriptions for the fourth volume of the -ExpoxENr'We would moit respectfully remind others that one issuever the' present will complete the third volume, andf'that subscriptions should, be tor-- " '. LITTLE LETTERS. From. Henry's Fork, Bridger, Wyoming, Dear I am going to ' tell you something about '."-.:.warded as early as possible. the country here. Last fall" we "had to reIN coxsequekce of- - the damage done by move from our 'homcron Smith's Fork to this -- ingh waters, no trains, am ve&roni- - the East t for our cattle. I place-- , to get rematter was mail like the place here so well as T did on ceived. On the evening of "the 22nd, the first Smith's Fork. We live ar long way from mail since the Htb, was brought in. Trains of neighbors, and there are big pine trees all not collapsed. empty cars have been sent east from Ogden to around us. We have all the gum we want V Select readings and recitations by younger bring mails which have ac- to chew and 'father says if we live herean-ohe- r Ls,: to contributed on much the cumulated the line. winter we will all have to get hev. pi pu pleasantness i '''."' .. of the. also enlivened' teeth. We do not live in a very nice house, occasion; wlueh.was by ll and but Is sweet music, vocal and instrumental, from' Saturday Eyxi2?&rApriI-2ith-,Lait snug and warm in winter, aud the j audience composed the compliappreciative which surrounds it is green and some of the young ladies of the school. to Mr. John T. Caine. ''The pine grove mentary whole year rouni beautiful the ,It is a President D. II. "Wells, Elder J. E. Taylor Serious was fairly rendered. Mr. Family" I" am? of think I country, pleasant portion and lady friends were present. Caine acknowledged the compliment paid him vvould.be perfectly satisfied if we had meet! by a short and appropriate speech. The per- ings, Sunday Schools, and day schools; Pe'r-- ; TAILORING ESTABLISHMENT. formance contained- a most humorous and in- haps it will not be long before we have them teresting variety, and reffects paOcular credit all, as a number of famiiiesare settling here, 'Realizing the hnportsnc&bfr-- .founding and upon the management. Laura Honey .Steven- They have schools m all the other settle. ments now. .', carrying out Home 'Industries, we (the ladies of son the talented vocalist is in town. the Frteerith Ward) have commenced a CoThere are several iVen livinsr about here t Tjie Zeta Gamma Society gave, an enter- - who have married squ!v3 'and they seem in our operative lief Society Jitflding. g Our design is to be. able tainment. to a select company of friends on the to make first-rat- e housekeepers. These men to nil oruers lor, men and boys'- ciotmntj, on evening of the 23rd. of April. The members appear to love their wives and children short notice and at low prices. "We alo pur- of the society acquitted themselves creditably as much as other men do. Uncle Jack suits for in- essays, select readings and declamations, Robbinsonyhas a squaw-- , for a" .YN'ifo, with pose keeping on lutnd ready-mad.children.. Those who are interested and de aho in rendering a scene from "Henry the whom he has lived for twenty years. She Fourth." They presented Dr. Park with pho- is pleasant and" agreeable in' her manners sirous of assisting g1MS.it 'c'au.Sfs. .of Zioifs of the members, mounted on a and keeps hrrtiOTse very neat. They have tographs are respect-"fu'lf- y children becoming finished and elegantly framed, as a a daughter who married a white man, and card, nicely invif'e.d "to call or send their orders, as we token their of appreciation of the interest he she keeps a very nice house indeed. Every are conn dent on r work will give satisfaction. in had taken their efforts for improvement. one likes her,and her children are as white, Mrs. S. Paxman, Superintendent, is an expeThe Dr. acknowledged the gift by a. few ehoieei almost as we are.. We have a. little half- rienced and efficient tailoress, ' and appropriate remarks. Gov. Axtelhjand breed girl living with us and she is quite S. II. Wilkinson,E. R. Snow,;, ' "" ' ' Judge Sutherland, by .request of the President pretty and real good. In the settlements' S. Taylor, E. M. I. Home'' f V schools are kept, the little half-breeC.IUchardson',. , each addressed the society, expressing their where W.East, ".Vf are sent, and they behave just as well a'.' the' - and So- -' sincere pleasure in witnessing such movements " the members of' the hildrerTdo. white as were calculated to be truly beneficial' to the f ' x cietv. .A gentleman. gave me a nice Iitde Bible minds and morab of the youth. The Governor on Christmas, 'and I think a great deal of it, advanced somejvery excellent ideas upon liOMEv AFFAIRS. because it is the first Bible lever owned. and "riginality. I want to do right-al- l the, time, and pray . Two suicides hav been commified in this ' Mrs. Margaret in speaking before every day that I may be kept good.arfd may Meeting of the Thirteenth Ward learn to be ' useful. City recentlv', byr a ma& iiamed William Geehr the . ftelief SocietyV April 22ud, expressed her grati Lou 15. and a young gifl named-iauEasl. to to in God meet with lieing permuted HiGif v;ater in the vicinity of Ogden, has tude after her From St. George, April 1 1 to. sisters her from again separation long been threatening "bridges andfTther near erec' them. She gsid she' fully realized the power of Dear Editor: , tions', with dauger at dea1.f not destruction. ten years old. I do not God which, had sustained and protected her I am a little-girhow know The. office of VVoiiANTs Expoxext is. you as I oiieht. I am crosswhiie her absence, during journeying,'in to the building known as" Jos. A. Youngs ing and the oen, with so many going to school to sister O. M. Everetts in - The little o llice, corner of South' Temple and First East little children. She, had often met .with the the girls in - ''. to do anxious our school of the south gate.something Streets', being Eagle island sisters in the" capacityof a Relief Socie';.. commenced to make a quilt; or. the temple, more wer.e much interested the than ty; of they .'A j,aiv by the name .Jacobs, recently, ten in about and days after we commenceli of heart diseaseT in this ity.' sisters .here who have fall the advantages of ly was it finished, they gave us ten dollars aud of asoc3atinf with those who ,She was a 'Jewess, and the funeral- services civilization, on the credit temple. Sister M. Mustard She would Wcfe"Conducted in accordance with the custom have the fulness of tlie priesthocxtto cut the pieces out for us: like to see th6 sisters here manifest as much kindly proffered to of liVr people. to think wa wcre-ablwe all felt pleasAl zeal a? those poor heathens, they enjoyed a fiiil build the do 'temple. tj' help JTo of Salt Lake's proaiineut business men, flow it the Iloiy Spirit; yet they have no true The'something all anxious to do are children little' C; IL Barrett and VV. CMIcndrie, who have idea as yet of the object of their organization. record.-been enjoying. for a short time the delightful She felt' while among them, how much fche sorhethlog 'hat their names may be success ed for good. Wishing' ypu great climate aiid exhilarating ''pi the might have accomplished if she had been gifted valuable' with paper, I subscribe myyour returned the Golden City of West, atch. with their language, then she woul'.l havp truly self, '' Afff ctionate'jv Yours home. been what she desired, a missionary inde-d- . v ' Mary Ann It a:;:: in. O.v the ltlh inst, a free exeuisiou- to Iake The Hawaiian sisters walk for miles to these Toii't or the aged pojr of the city is contem- - meetings, to gather in groups and it upon the "It's well enough for you to 'name yxur ' The ofllcer3 of the Utah Western Rail- - grass until all have arrived when they meet in boy Elias," said .Aunt llepzibafi, ."but for ..J3se.ofcars.-fonameroad They., ha ve .alsa: . i. general mihl-ing- j goodc'3 sakedo-n'.of "the comj'any free of tharg?, a band music and they enj n thems-Ivel.irtalking about those; Aliases'; is always cuttin'" up h .1. will be in attend jsvjMind the" committee will-,- Ziorl and how they would r.Cjeh e to come here. Here's Alias Jcnes, Ali Brown, Alhu .kc all been if possible, engage the steamer "City cf Cor SJ'.e bad often thought if the;' we e here and Thompson, Ali".s One-eyero! tookYork for teal- New w?ui-hrdwe a ly siothful saw hem cf trp'jjj the were, iin;e,Trlbat the pxrty nri luxury realize thev were in Zion. SJ.f had lifinie ie-w- - clo-no- for several days; hence, no -- - ; lu-ncf-it ' - : Tailoring,-Establishmen- - -- e, lis-th- .self-sustaini- ng i ds : Hth-rd'Rc4k- ------ 4- --- 1 . . i ' l s , I. first-ward-scho- oh i; ' .. died-sudden- - - . e .sea-breez- es . ' - him'-Alii-'enusf- some-house..-- .. s " d . of ."'"' and-passenger- 1; 181 mi ive -- t'y t -- 