J .. ,. ,. ': :" , ,;, ,'; ; 'T ; ; ;v r WOMANSXPOKfFTr: - ;! , - " , ' , -- n - 1 nn&mdttie ; : -- : jnlt : nichestuid;-c;Cesse3-ithatIiia-- ilth - -- write,-;to-ehat-to- r " ' '. ' ; K ; ; ;. ; J. .. Theservfo .. theiildish cjiorit "falresthite, standin .that I had seen them around the magnificent - organ.-.- -- Tjfejpriesfe iirhl f':dcsk;-reathe prayers witliaultless intonation. Beneath him stood thd clex wlio lead the responses which were inaudibiy utlered by the people I found myself falling into a reverie and wondering why the priest was dressed . White and the cierl in black. Jn,not'ieel as Iliad Mtm the fields? r -A- yJi-could, "Aijli birthii! Heaven giVo ua wisdo'm and a jridgfr meat strong enough, td rein-i- n imagihaton;; and urrounduswithwitolesomoHeoiinsels frarnTblyttIivJng'ininjds l- r;I.: -r i: With all .the impcrfecr vFraimortids we tions of our common natures, wet enter the lisfc with others, accepting necessarily common nralse or 'censure as the case may be. f Ideas mav be round about us thick as daisies in a summer meadow, v But as Sir 'said;.'iLook'i hto y o ur o wn hear t and.. ;wri to; ! ABOUT "DRAWING. v.. EniTOli Exponent: Not biily woman but also man can feel interested - in the crodd work in which your valuable paper is engaged, and I for one,"alj ways rcd;vItlViplpasuro,iarticles.4ntenaea lato td;do.od!d! tQ'yo.ungl'.and, 11 ;of humberf : tho i ExponenV tho subject a from drawing, in Schools is treated upon moral and j physiological stand point Tho arguments arq .correct, I know by my ,own ; Ina ; . experience, .... ;, It is desirabl ; ,.sw-- . ' - that our young, folks, boys and girls aJsaHbuld. find enjbymciiti ;m6re elevating and noW hnr farm Ma uaintanco r with which" " althougir of ten Harmless ihthemsel ves tend 10 Keep iiioiri4Uiiua uuuw which they can attain if only properly car?d for, I never.' in my mind, dwelt mucti on the physiological result, out ien aiways curtain that the world can bo greatly improved by tlib' cultivation of tho fine arts; for lid who loves the beautiful, loves the gooa. tf)hd Vrpat endive should hav e in view In ; teaching drawing is the material building aii'V olZicmi thoOSfcw Jerusalem.P(?) , arc-sometimes pleased We taro told, and to dream, of its magnificent ; sceneries, its . sublime, aspects aiid all its various; beau M$s-- i But how arp.all,theso to be attained? n&&, 2 :such tainly .drawingsvill.fill a.greatpart.inwill also :wdmen ; bo a,wprc, andijmen (and - ..v-- . i'vHlHy?rihidl engaged in it. the. to city, architects to plan Surveyors,, design its buildin'jgs and monuments, sulptors to Ornament themiWters to' adorn, their; chambers; these riecd.and cannot possibly do their part witnoui a inorougn xnuwiuugts.u Engaged in tho; 1 s Arid as lihsve no personalities to j complain:. ofj! no' sel interests to! serve, Jor tho dwst ahd - i '159 . Philip-Sidney,- avrnDathv-ldr'-wdman'swcakncSsesiii- How' - 1 Hooked around at the congregation and have.beomwell entreated, for thcruturoia: I wished myself away to weep for ,ihe. deso-- will not suggest even a possibility. I pray lation of the people; but the music spared you, gentle reader,' be charitable to mixtures soberhessas'in thine me. The. organ pealed forth in almost hu- of alternate rgaiely-'adman voice accompanied by tho voices ofold own mind if thou searchest, thou shalt find , and young in sacred song.; a cliafity which covereth a multitudo of S'xsials Praise God frcni whom all ' - :;..!.: :iv-:bhx:ih;i- ; ; - y " V -- y' ear& ' ; ' feelings of profound veneration I. enfcred who .swell ''.tho rahkapr journhllstsof. editors more than ailiird of accutury had past siijcd an$ I liad crossed that threshold; v !Th ere. ; stood Is if tajtcar. tlie voiifof decent privacy tlio'tet in UltIih"P had :fceeni baptised! hc4 from social life, to rebuke, hetrayvand decordirigtto tho Anglican mode, by Sprinkling. f&troy coti fid ence to gra t i fy- - a rpu bli cv a ripo- ThodiancI Was pm&itinx tita for secret i n format) on V lUQCi xi nMa l glass paries; in the, window the same sul Tills iinhattoved spirit of outward duridsity; dued vJbut go!rgco,Us colors y streaming ,in t li is; t u pon the., sacred preci nets through the staindd'glassthatrepresented of private circle for hinted scandal to pub-Hs- ii to the world, is to my iriiiid a thing to apostles and, saints as f vncy r:ha 3 painted them; there were; the effigies of warriors he feared; The ; present hunger , for this and knights reposing :at full lengthen the kind of radi n g, is thing to 1)0 exclai m ed tombs just as I had seen them with a sense against; one should shrink witli Uorrorfrom of mystery in the days of childhood. ; Jhb 'itliis lengthy siialioi"wi tli ; a, rat tie d iV.y.j'T .; same little ta1inV!'i;4i v';: U t:r:,-i- iViliA i i often wondered wliere "they eo&hi possibly iEverbddy writes dfeeverybodyxsibout lead to,' marble" 'tablets liftle herabs everything; btl as Qftenbr, happens jaboiit sitting on' them aridiinels blowingtrmrirP nothing.,; Some people are born to talk with to els towards the - ceil iiiLUTiiero-zas-ndail incessant i n prin t, sucii bein g.thcir character, from change perceptable lis ail tli ese long, long book-childre- , . ' :faults.r',,i ; :fmv!n-ffEvh-mechaiiics- will all thy .ehildrca sirig idAy tlie' hypocriter .iiiitront br.che.f of bulUinff, :aro more; wo bethv praises understandingly. .We, as a pco but tell tlie trutiiraud - consistent-as'skilled When ; tney are gooii uiuumujujcu , Let Incident frail ancr ex-- ; Pricsthbod th'e tiesi oracles, can of have living plo they aro better able io understand tttheplans aridxiesigris confided id themr: :0. Father! when vidual-consions,;ndr- . f , nvvmfVt5rthduglfaridus This-is-somelhi- ng-fo them --With faith. We may nave to leave tuem ior a praise or blame for those critics who shall down- upon comd after U3. Wt5'( will' liury accotding to season; wo may them struggling through this probation, but tnV vulgar saying, "give the edit his head haU and let him go;"-bustrive by rem; anu on, t them, and!-wangels willminister : i:r'-''hfttf bll'Tssibloequip'metsltd' meet again:1-- ; 'J rider,- touching his ears but lightwe: loose our balance.' hLiM- iraw uir lest to ly, praciie0.from a was very earlyage It, And how'ari honest -- word at 'parting; if in Warriors and persons distinguished bury you should find out' the veritable name M)f churches, abbeys and cathedrals; over whoso Jybur weakj' confessing Bcribethinlndt tho remains were erected tombs1 on which vWcre of her; and whileAvitli indethe efiigies or likeness of the departed. less kindly anduritiringspatience, we industry fatigable bishin armor, were Warriors representcd exercise our powers of mind, and humble and ecclesiastical kings in habilimcnss, op's forth' bur woman's y judgment, in sounding f :royal-itor he signs yitli iteignia queens opinion jalthmigh strongly, endugh. expressed c. ,. .j',.;f -udge.riot hasiily, dr; Superciliously.'; peo- -te- aehour-childrento-inspire J - ; havd-td-loo- k f e t - - tccomd'w-re--spoiisibi- - s . , ple " And what : Of the ladies' panr wen, yhaf of thb bcautiml tapesirycurtal petsV arid sO many other beauties of, loom or, needle work! Shall wo then boJtisfi with our old fashioned rag carpets or our star spangled quilts. I doubt it very much. Ladies will find a great worK lo periorm in beautifying the Kingdom, although they aro themselves already its ewer pcauiy? ,;.n 'T.nt nii whndosire to do their part. Jearn,. - ; or teaclor, enco the siuay oi arawmg. ,. ..v-t- t -- y principal stock required irfuebvaBtudy,. and: many: great" ahisti.werQsearaadX artists; God for "lis, and , jv ill bless aUj our tliihVdfy'fjiudhr think,. sneaking generallwithout question; VnidVi bv Viheir teaiiers without callirig that having studied drawjng.iojio, BY inb. exercise their own Rapacity; patiencpr 'v.'AnAiaveniTfnw thnf it 1.4 not difilcuU. vt but it tajtrpa a .great, mm ui iaiuuww Is i think you, for the love of scribbling? in"' .hurry;- for, very lack 'of time perhaps rcliancpjnUHo 13 'that the clearly distinguishing characteror. Dumed, of . biased, jump1 at a J;.i;ubscfibe myself yoy.frowc J W ion wi th dent- cpncjusionxuid join istic? Vis i t to describe ures, or rccord::exnggerated marvels? Is avoicaof thunder.; it.tQ show, up people's laults in glowing niastobtfn-'C- ' ik Ida (h'oro is biio'hrlstlanf preacher to descant upon .the ; virtues "of ;oar;sex and the corruptions of manki ud?, Is It J to to about a minion ncatnens. ;iu unuu.m yUx wli6sbJcasd. against r i.iri '.villacrcs there are nan u generalize, into grander s'hapyhumblolndi-viMnnlitiPro- 'a tho iJx; iKAAniiniviWT hrfifnst ihera'in Ayill . to . clorifv the "picture" of i r preach ! Cpnrt'of Comm6hfTlcaV nt 'Hartford, cottago with the colorings of. imagination? ;.riiE orders, Pcopie'S.SavingsjIn-;thc Is it to exalt and idealize the beggar; into a stitctioaof SbiLouL? have madoan assign- appeal io,i" d A v and . ventures' ad of similar about is with plenty hero, ment. .(Tho amount of .deposits, made-ft- .' l: SciiUYifi'Jia3 idciitical rclfaVT:KE ; witir perfectly "circumstantials, QQubcloiigin.to. abQuxuuu ..pwpiu of Jdeas onalL aT historical fact, that no parlial cxaralnallooCdi'lerent. systems cfntnfi to, j3 enr cities are called for iri thi3 ; halcj'On ngo of head of his reforminXriglahd and Germany, ndia at the has who man .some graduate authorihiDthis summer season' for the'So- cl the last dcavorlng to carry out inUK Country within, Ilavard College, at iss 'ideas which liaye "been suggest- the of tobacco good in or sii," this every day'h ;birthday for a'dmn-;; used has spirits; cd to her Jjy; such an. inspection. , ; : :; dred.books this recognized literary trjjuform. hall of master spirits, any, this . BL.VCHU-BEECHV700D- . . 4 binhind - . jbpublpir urdierjla col-cr- sr ' " uuu -- ' "rr k j : ; . 'ollcfimfarW .,-- . imaginaUo-topic?-Suelrn- r; oy -- fifty-fiveiycar- s, ; na, 4 judgment : j . M- - , 