LETTER or Elueii Orsox 111 AN j Love ono another and bear with each oth er's faults. Cherish tho spirit of God by h Bvzsckt. to jijs oil CUILDltEX, WHILE FOREIGN MISSION. . (Printed by permission of the family.) March 25th, Liverpool My- Dear Children.- - 1 IS. . , i " ' -- -- ; dili-genc- " re-cro- ss mountains, tho latter I prefer, as the country is sickly and tho times perilous. Still your means are very scanty for such a journey to a" land where 'you must make the only home you will have without mo to counsel or accompany you. vIf you go over tho mountains not hear from you or from mo for you nearly a year and a half My dear children I trust that God,who counsels us to walk tho, narrow way; will be shield and defenso aiid provide for your your wants and keepyou all alive till'' wo meet again, where the fury of the oppressor can. not overtake us, and the storms of heavenly indignation pass 'us by in the day of great distress. ;IM am counseled to endure thi3 long separation and to - expose you to uch privations-m- y prayer shall be tho more fervent in your behalf, and with of heart and soul, I shalp plead for. strengthlives your to bo sparcd,and your minds kept unpolluted Iay Keep together, live together and do- not separate." Do friends to ono another. and caution the younger sisters arid brothers against accidents, against bad conduct and bad company.: Delievo that God can, hear and help you when you need it, and tell you . many tilings which are necessary for you to know and to do. Learn to trust in God for all good things, andito hoi thankful ,or all favors, And if God'should; not allow mo to return any more, on the earth, you will be visited from tho heavens .when it is equisiteBelcheerfuI and happy a nd cher--ish virtue and truth and strive to e an ornament to my family forever. Contract no alliance incompatible ,with fthe interests of i youmaintainji blamej survive-al- l less life will you discourage- ' ments, and, those that bless you ; shall- be i blessed, and they that harm you shall bo cursed, and God and angels will bo your friends, and your parents shall never slumber over your.:condition,' W'orld3- without end. ry:j. t?l: ia ..in;f .;;riH;; Your journey will be long and tedious you will need to be verv careful not to ret Inst, irom your camp on the journey; and also be cautious in regard to tho hostile Indians,$er-pent- s Or dangerous roots and herbs. Do not walk out at night away - from the camp , while on tho journey. You will scarcely bo saved with tho utmost faith, diligence and economy. My anxieties about you from the time you leavo till I gee you will bo unceas-f . ingly great; i , My oldest daughters :on you is rolled: a great responsibility seemingly beyond your years. Bo womanly, kind and patient, act tho part of ' mothers to tho younger children.: Teach them good principles and them how to act. Avoid in yourselves tho. weakness and folly of youth as much as possible. Never forget or slight my counsel for this is the commandment of God. Don't be in haste to" marry for in due time you shall have husbands that will cherish and exalt you, for you aro forming- - characters that will render you deserving of such. The Lord will give you men after His own heart that will not oppress or abuse you. I shall seek for your welfare in this as in all other things. To you all I would say, remember two things always. Honor your either and mother to whom you have been sealed at the sacred altar with the Holy Spirit of promise forever and ever Amen. And next to the name of God honor your Father whether ho is spared .to iivo or is remo ved to the heavens before you. Lot his name bo forever your name else you win dishonor him. His happiness is bound up in Lessen not his happiness and crown: you by deto other .'fathers and guardians. I parting Wnte t0 toi: the mind r1 you 01 God. J am not accordingto ?pcak face to ftce but I writopermitted .unto yeu as ,a; father with soberness andTgodly fear. --Treasure UP my sayings and teach them to' tho younger children and read this letter to them, at least, three or four times a year till I como to you. Teach George to stand by Howard as his counselor and right hand man.1 George shall be distinguished for shrewdness and discernment quick and a, great' help to ' '" Howard and to U , . r .': - ; v--v- in-stru- , - . - you all. r :Watch6verXucyfbrshe is tho1 choicest emblem of peace, and. you shall have the honor of bringing her up to womanhood. T . ct 1 -- .".. A 1 wrestlldgprseuffl , ;v-- , - tho-TamilyiAn- - ' . death. Counsel withlhehi jn all diflicult matters, and never lift --your hand against them in anger or sf rlfoTand know.that your prosperity iies in your union., 'Strive to get knowledge.Study, well when you have an opportunity.. ; : Spread your feelings freely before one an- r'lLl ill. ut yuur mosp secret pians ana uiucmuu designs be entrusted to each other, but keep them to yourselves and divulge them not abroad. And. whatever you all unite. in,' will almostlnyariably be L.. Let the hoys not waste" ttheirTkfength iii - - nn alalia, j .uvy uixv miiuii care oi you jyui as a mother should do; they have counseled you, provided for your wants and taken charge of you in sickness and in health,' and you ought to lovo them and strive to please them in all things. Be obedient to them in my abscuco till you aro grown up,then hon- or and lirotect them till .tho day of your VTst i be. Having a few leisure moments, (which is a rare thing for me,) it gives me very great pleasure to write to you whom I love with the most inexpressible fondness. You are ray dearest treasures upon the earth. Your mother was on o of the loveliest of her fiex: generous and open hearted; in love to 1 all . our race i al- ways found a welcome asylum In Iier t)reast," and she characterized her whole lifo by tho.;o admirable virtues which secured the spontaneous delight and vgooctwill bf all 4 who know her. In ypumyllear children, I see many traits of her 16 vely, spirit," and also her features. From her; my own mind has received many a beautifying grace and virtue: and few could live with her as long as I did without being enriched and ennobled by such association ;, Thus far, your lives are full of promise, your minds are all intelligence and your hearts innocent and pure. The spirit of God can dwell with you, and assist you to emulate celestial worthies. I desire so to live that my example and teaching shall tend to rgivb: you "a mould and polish which will make heaven happier at your approach, and angels to reof the joice over you as in tho "acquisition ' " richest of pearls. ; Dear children, for my own sake then, don't bo discouraged or impatient, but try tolivo through your appointed days, for your lot is cast in an ago of sorrow mingled indeed with the sweet solace of redeeming triumphs. Deprived of your mother by death, and your father by obedienco to the counsels of the church, your path-wa- y is and perilous stormy. Sometimes without shoes to your feot and sometimes without bread, surrounded with savage foes ,with-ou- t any assurance that I will bo reslnrcrl in you for a long time yet to come,- - you may Indeed often wonder why your lot is thus; and why want and orphanage and peril and a homeless piigrimaere should all comonnnn atoneo,aud that. While J; von nrtvt. nn ago so tpnder. "7 " ;:fMfoXamvtlilnglX' suppose' yoii are o struggling with all tho r energy and tender minds are capable of to your escape to the mountains; being required "to; leave the littlo cabin and garden arid field, that I had hoped would shield '.you till I como to comfort you must tho river and build Bufyou or flee to the anew, : ; patience and kindness.' Never yield to sin or do any tiling that you would bo ashamed to ask God about or tell me of. Let no one eritico you to do wrong, whoever they may A ON Howard and George; be good' boys, yea, more than this, be manly and very kind to XA t a f flit ni ia ttt 0I these exercises are good,' but fgodlines3 , will ' " profit them more. ; Go and hear preaching when 'you can and talk about what you heaiv If you1 go over the mountains bcfor.;Tr.!d6T0ii;'"wiil "use your best judgmentin Selecting si lot. ; 'Adhere to Brother Dulldck and his wifo for I want them to go with you wherever you gp, or stay and never desert you. ; You will not have to assist any body but liro. liuiiocic, with .what . I send you in money and clothes. Don't listen to any false tales against Bro Bullock. He is good and faithful. I should like to have the girls and also nowarcl 'pay particular attention to Arithmetic. This is more important thah Georaphy v -- j ,;; ( or Qramraer; 'i ; ';;;. You will need good oil cloth covers to your wagons, and a good tent I think. ! Have i as many: cows as your means ,will permit; but if you should not go over the mountains this spring, you will still need all the means you can get ; ' it The prospect is very good, for a great in- gathering! of converts: in Ensrland. durinir the coming season; but business just now is worse than ever. Revolutions are going forward in Eurbpe; and Monarchs aro trerab- - , iing on tljeir thrones. ; The. people: almost universally .demand a .change of Government and of rulers. . The agitation is so very great that business is .kept; ..very much in ;''':::':' y means,-probabl- ; . - ; 2 : - ; , , IV-- ot suspense. :...:;n j health at present is only ; tolerably My. am I good. very: thin in ; flesh; in many labors and if cares. Sinco I havo been here, have 'spared no pains whatever to keep the work: of God - rolling forth with success and power; and prosier-it- y hasattended my laborS.thus far beyond my utmost anticipations. I. nave ; had no time for play or rest, but think whan tj.tah Orson Pratt comes that I shall have a little respite. Your last letter .was three months and a hjdf coming. Send. your letters mail in tho quickest conveyance. ' If by you do not go over the mountains write bnco a month without fail. You will have enough to write about; tell me about all littlo mat- luo'iiio jasu ming ana tell me ticularly all about your outfit. ', " : It will be myconstant desire to live in or- provide for vour to all be very good ' ,n Ifa"tyou. am very anxious to see you onco more but 1 will not disobev . my lawful counselors. ; . ..' : ? conse-quonco- of -- . I " -- y , , - - io . . ,'H rgolanbwoightyca'rs'oidirho.W not been baptized jret I want to have . him baptized soon.:. Do tho Iwys learn well at . school? ;. ,;, ... ' : . - . 3 