iJGllEEjd BICirAKDS, Editor. : 1 1 ,1a Salt Lake Bcmi-montlil- y, City,-JJta- h. cTeft& e , if readUy' found truiyrught.v;v;r;;: : n 'notybr-ijimedo We belleveyef it JJs barely possible that you hav'h aPBible in the Then housei nor any means Salt Lake City; Utah.r . .. t - CONFERENCE AMD :f : ' tfABY-TENDlN- G. : CONFIDENTIAL TO MOTIIKRS. ! ' As the people are well aware, on, the 6th day of October, lS75,.will open the Forty-fift- h semi Annual Conference of the. Chruch. of Jesus v v.i.? Christ of tLatter-da- y Saints. ?1 1 . With feelings of, profound i interest ifbr the occasion, the foilowfng suggestions are cheerfully submitted to mothers. The sisters, at least many of them, delight in going to Conference, to listen to the pleasing word of God as it issues from the lips of His servants. But none should be so oyer anxious to attend that place of divine worship and in struction, as to go there with children who are too young 4o: be kept quiet. I Better stay at home with your little ones, where they can be comiortanie ana nappy, than to. take them to tho crowded Tabernacle where they must be miserable themsWvjria;'WiUJi-mostlikely, source1 of a to those who sit prove annoyance - -- e v near mem. , ;: ,, ft is all very well fojf - the babies' to be ; taken to the ladies1 meetings, where there is room and freedom for them, and allowances can be made for! their noise. - But to expecUhem to keep the good, order necessary in general Conference meetings, that all who assemble for the pur pose rnay hear amTbe benefitted, is an absurdity Not only so, but to take active little beings to such a placeV where they must be compelled to sit as quiet as their fragile nerves will possibly allow, and 'still prevent those about them from hearing well, for t wo long hours, or more, .ia not only a breach of good manners, but cruelty towards the precious darlings themselyes. Tinfc vrfnlnlv tin irnra.n HAvit .1 1UOUJO . "T,""rf I "VL, ,V.,iiCCVIk DtUj, till li""t altcretlieren account of ih rrrr . -- , orjnere jnothers miirht w .lD-et- hcr time, and attend to tho babies another liortlcu, :yuuo omers were at meeting, in tlya way enbrigh moro comfort and satisfaction could be taken to coniptnsate for all that might seem a loss In not.being able to be at all tho meetings. -- . A" AUTTBIN SEEDLINGS. cherLed" friend writes us privily: "It seems as though a good visit with you would c a renewal of life to me. It is a trito saying that 'sociability id the crcani of life' .But as far as that gocf?, I h'avo to put up wiih bluo skimmed milk, and that on the tum.J,-. ; Poor' Jiuugry Lcurl! - To you,L and to many liko y ou for you aro not alone in a world of trouble, not the only one who feejs at times as though a chaugo frum the dally drudgery and -- :;. .",,.. As a friend, an associate, a companion and edged.1 ' feUow labOrer - in the Gospel of the Lord Jesus ( foryears. ward, he has never faltered; the shafts of death pointed by enemies did not terrify him, their TsdoflEand jeerslwere all unheeded and tteliadit& weight; IYhile T live, I shall nanfe:wi th grateful: reniembrance.r I J7r iifam well aware.ftha this noble character, his g blaineless andmost useful life heed no fnr thel ml dst- - 0f the Latter-da- y Saints; -children' of this grekt that1 to3lhewives-W- d friend of humanity andlgEteousneW,:t6'Pjsi tlen t Young'and his o t her recen t,J associa tcs, or 'to tfie'jieople who lenew and loved1 hlinf there is lorth jaQi necessity; for; an ptfscure peri sympathy. YetJ froniJan oyerfjowiiifieaft 1 'felt to? oilbrf this tribute, and to bear this lesumony. forty-tw- o ; -- cher-Jshh- is vindi-jcatih- -- -- butterfly.? who flits about from one sweet to ' another without a true 'relish' for any, been !amiliar witli him ovef t have "HIs course has ever been Christ, -- -- -- and-disconte- nt with all.1 Seek to be cheerful and make "hpme s6,fbr its inmates. Teach the; little dries to; cultivate happy dispositions and' .aid their childish endeavors. As ;sobhas s ihey 'ire.fpid ' enough to 'understand, find them' something to ' do, show Jthem how to do H and trust therii, ' Now that the . autumn" is here yith .its cool mornings and evenings Jet the household hearth be lighted hp with alright, warm fire; .arid be sure to cbange the sumria warmer . apparelin good time. r It is easier, cheaper arid in all respects far better to preserve health when you have it, than to regain it after ft is lost. ; Be as well prepared as possible for ; changes in the weather,: so that when the beautiful, merry . sunshine : shall .loreake the. outer i world ;for; a reason, it may still beam as brightly as ever in - o-po- : i uf " ; . . . .Evan M. Greene. j Springdalc, Kane Co. U, T, Sept Cth,lS5. ; ; .affairs; hojme . the heart. " ;f $' , Bruce Taylor, son of Hon John Taylor, -- " city on Monday morning, Sept. J20th, riorLAnn Arbor, Mithigan He goes to study viaw.at the .Michigan University. ; Mny success ; :; ;7 f, .; attendjiis labprs.., . -- ; ; entertainments in assisted this recently city, by Madame Relf--" fartH who' saiapf' very creditably, especially t aria jTrqnt'Il ';Trovatqre."v Professor: ' Hoseman ' 1 accompanied on the piano. ; v iJfl : Preside t f -- GEOaE ALBERT Prepare tlila 6acre4 rtVc room, have-visite- ' ' 7 Eeceire this holy trust 0 tomb! Enshrined with lore and tarsi Vr . Bad J I offering dust todasti , wIU kindred oft , la memory hcarU,' '' Xn Deeming tvras Fatheri riil, Embrace, thouih Btayd cot sorrow' darts v . Sow Uzht wblcb that dear thought ltur rts, x; ' v , Thpujb dead, he llvcth itim f ; Great and h'jh hoaori, sweet and glorious rest, Earned fairly hero throurh faithfulness and zcaj, . ' WELLSanoT ! the party who trav eled Southrwitli him,' are expected ta return on the fourlh, or fifth, of this month.r JThey have had a pleasant journey thus far, the most beau- ;Atiful wealher, and in- - all the settlements where the brethren and sisters have they received them most cordially,' and rnanifested the utmost interest in their mission and labors SMITH. Ackosric. : v Some celebrity, has been giving A TRIBUTE AND TESTIJilONY. PRESIDENT : .1 Mb ChaulEs Vivian a character singer of i ; ; A Hills ; left , FROM . THE SOUTH. . whereby y of work.0Sever think o"giving upiinflespair, 'neverimagine yourc mission; an onerous one. : Consider how much more useful and ennobling is your life than the empty career bi' a 'Xashiori-? ' z j. ploacof runltist iiscfon : family, weekj in, week out, Xronimoxnstill night,5 ' endeavor to jdiscover vihe best methods for getting alOng withithis very essential kind , - t-h- The telegram.' announcing the. death of our well beloved, audi much respected: President deo.; AFSmithf altlioughsomewliat expected was received - here on last Wednesday with heartfelt sorrow and 'mourning; ' J ; As a man deep in thought, studious in habit combining suggest! ve qwe wi th5 pomprehen-s- i with careventeUectp ja good fully selected information," aT sincere advocate ..for" the right, a comjgeeiif all the duties of li au;exe6(iary leader among the sons and daughters. of Zjonhis Jqs cannot be teo deeply realized or too earnestly acknowi i m n book even; con tai ns thints enough of a correct nature , to ; keep lone .busy a life time learning 'to, pu t IntoJ practicefbrV 'IheT world oyer, it is so much easier to Suggest Ihan to do. ' But thprlmitive nature of man'is progressive. . Hence," without piej spirit of improvement and the power to , improve, there .ran.be no' real blessedness; with the firsjin full tact, however, the latter must he impossible. ; If it-b- your lot tp cook and wash dishes, make apd mend fpr,a - - ." jodt read thonext best 1875. , . ; . - o - SALT LAKE' CITY, jOCT. 1, . -- Exponent OCIce, corner of 3oulh Temple, and First EaBt streets; opposite Eagle Gate. 'Business hours frbm 9 ' a.m. to 5 p.m. on Tuesdays and Saturdays. .Address all baslness communications to "... Dear Exponent; '''in8nd?8?l rcguiur T nd f Terms; One copy oao year, 12.00; one copy six months, price ei.00; Teh": copies Tor-thrates; Each agnarc, ten Unca of 'nonpareil spaced one time. 3. 00; per month, 3.00. A' liberal discount to , advertisers. , ' r'e-y-el .ihtroduco for yourself .ome restful changes in the busy routine Of every day. lif& "rijHare zjpu. read your Biblo lately? .Jfjaoti (if you must do bo) a half hour .either in the morning drat erehirig, for searching out lessons from that, suitable toyoiir wants j You will be sure to find something applicable if your 'religious sentiments are in proper order; , and if net, the remedy i for that eviliwill-n- Li e Rewardjhnr patience, bright Celestial. birth, Tbou glorious day, th Resurrection dawn! Stand fab mrro aloof; Saints, 0! prep Meek, wisftjubtn Bfipnjike this good show; In anger gin jaQti.bu.t,act?pt reproof, ' Taught by tho Uply. Sf Irit b..w to go. . , nim to rejoin on high,' yo mourn beTow. at j leVst j for t he pressomethingiunattei ent: but set your creative powers at work and - If. HORSI Business Manager CORDELIA Powfhcd care$?of life would e .a..most wekorne ,j( st anil 16 all such we recolnmeud'a chaiige a" r est, certainly. Do not giYewa;to longing after . d . ,:iz t. . . Obedience, strict integrity, the test" Itcquired a Saints true life to seal- ' God and Ilia Councils have, thia record traced - i . la their raldst thia friend, our friend ta " . . ' X-e- ; , n placed. Admired of xicu for hit Intrinsic worth.. . Loved ef . tho Lord ai4allhia brethren ono. r , Bereaved and aorrowinjr. his friends on earth, Earth-boun- d remafn, though strongly heavenward drawn: . . fELDER Josnrir F. Smith,"with the company of Saints wjio left Liverpool Sept. 15thj reached ewyprkgupday $cptt. 20th, and:.EIder J F. : Smith and;F.:J Lyman :left that.city for Salt Lake on Monday morning, the 27th, and ill probably arrivo here this evening. The company will probably reach Jere the fifth or sixth of thiamonth,,c 1; . : T wo DAYS' meetUigb were held ill Provo Sat" urdayand Sunday, President Young and Elder Geooge Q. Cannon buin present; an excellent spirit prevailed, the people being fully awake to the ryformatlcru. At the lame time, Elder ; ;- - -- t 