WOMAN'S EXPONEN T. esty is not only the first step toward grcat- ncss, it is greainess nscii. juovce. Every man is,totho builder of a temple, Cidled his body, the God he wordliips; "a his "own, nor ; cauv he; get style purely (Off by hammering marble instead 'J)Wpi; are all sculptors "and pal ntersj andt)uf;mkte-teria- l is our own flesh'and blood and bones. Any nobleness begins at once. ; to refine 'a man's features,1 jitiy;'meanneMs or Bensiialify 'to Imbrtlo; ttifetfi. Somebody says that flowers are .the,"fugitive poetry of nature;", and f to' wid Aflpw-Je"most .eminent! beloiigsthis ?'femark. PEN AND SCISSORS. . before marriage, and tradesmen do tho billing after it. v ' Ajs the! young; lady ."remarked about the Loveu do the-cooi- 4 ng af-t- er 1 Hoisetbut how; bald, for. infant, so young!" f . one 1 ... editor calls a eertain .kind of A-Engli- . American Eeligioh "pewism.V , PAiiLEYi said to jiaye first come from Egypt, and mythology, tells us it was!uused to adorn the head of Ilercules. U ,, a :. rvc?;i!ri.. jr-What is the difference bet ween a , fool and a looking glass? The fool speaks without reflecting and the looking glaas reflects ,; , .- - without-speakin- : . g. 1 1 r - . . . 1 OUrultiyated fl6ers:iannot ijoetry; Wdondt .. "r - : ... t : patronizing Isurprise, . "Why, I howcrretty thatis.f,'i VtiZk 0'7 . ' -- r Tomato" : I1 Candieda part '; ' :- hill-use- hor-phon- nsx.v.n. r."UnA,r suouv uuvm. auui with a grassy knoll, gaze speechless rapture each in other's eyes, and the greeness upon sit, and gaze, and sigh, until the evening shadows fall; when, slowly home returning, she tells her. parents, with voice subdued and reverent bearing that fehe has been out to the nuiet abode of the dead, reading the "' " inscriptions on the tombstones." WUUUcr iu suuiU Hy " f f Omelette-Peela- chop ; EVe.mediuni nd - Ilbney.The candymg of Eoncy-.is'du- e - - When annirxA ijcuiuu wu vT- - ; t ' ; . . t l ing the hottle of 'jar cbntainingthe Honey ioa vessel of waterywith sticks under if to ecpit from, 'direct con tact rwith! the bottom of-th-e vessel, nd" be" ll dissolved J gradually heating i the ;iagar-wiand:the Honey'becbme'cleait and last iu that condi-- ! tionf VJgVeatet or less 'timef, accorlding ,tb the1 tem- 1 peratareJ'at jwhich it is kepi" If it should become - 5 candied1' tigain the";lieatrngTDiay bo repcatcd.-7E- x. eggs beaten ; uhcM.jTejOTpofEOgar .Uh'jtlie ragar, jOneandfa half cups of flour with v.ontisiwnrul of; cream ftarter; one r half ipf soda- dissolyed iu one tablespoonful of !niilt- - Tbat e ia j elly cake tinSj (or in a loaf which may 4J'cut o'peu,) aud 'put between the layers the, fol- -r and a half cups ofmilk lowing crcam;j-tw- o, 9?j J?Srt2 .woi : tablespoonfuls corn .1I39LI . $arch aud one .legg: let it boll imtil .thtckj then - add a sma aVof with vanilla. pieco of d utic "For t&dtopive-i'iojfichoaitojanj sugar. Grate four at. fife Ublesjxwnfulli of . chocolate add as much sugarandwet jthlboiling water sufficient to jnake a thick paste; pourf this oyer the top f the cake while the paste is hot 1 To enjoy it ia d perfection,. sip withifc,'"instead of wine, the, liauor. Cremo da Cacao. Chova a laTanilla. tea-sppon- A ! fault confessed is half redressed. ; The river form? the proclaims its arrival. junction in silence."" It is only the busy and the over-burden- ed upon whom. you can throw any extra work with some chance of it3 being welcom- ed. Who 7 . Is wise? lie that i3 teachable. Who Is mighty? Ho thatjconjiuer3 himself. Who is rich? He that is contented. Who is honored? Ho that honoreth others. j ' -- The web of our life is of aminglecl yarn, ill and good together; our virtues would be ; fal - The little stream when it enters the sea proud, If our faults whipped them hot; and ' our crimes would despair, If they were not 4 cherished by our virtues: 7f The first step toward greatness, is to be honest, say3 the proverb; but. the. proverb fails to slate the case strong enough. Hon- 3 J.i ... j .4 4 kin-dfe- Quince Harmalade. Peel the quinces, quarter The quarters , ,themv remove the cores and "pipes. cold I. .should be thrown in a pan of spring water as they are cut, to preserve the color. 7 The quinces should then be put in a corcred jarx with one quart of water to four pounds; of fruit, and stewed in a ..flow oven for several hours till they are quite ten- -. der and of a bright red. color. NVhen thcy are ' . thus prepared for marmalade, weigh them, and to exefv-- pound . of fruit- allow of a , . . r . i - tlirce-quarte- rs i. i i s . . i Salt Water for, tho Eyes. Many persons arc suffering pain from weakness, of tho eyes. ,This, sometimes, proceeds'' from local inflammation, sometimes 'from ' other causes. Several persons who have thus been afflicted inform us that they '4 have derived almost immediate, and in some cases, permanent relief from the: application : of- - salt wa-tas a bath; and wh en the pain, has been aggra- vated,-froa comprt'ss saturated with" sal .water - laid oii the eyes, and reuewed at frequent; inter- - vaisv vpcnmg mo ?yes anu suomergings mem m i clean salt water haslbecii fouridi beneficial to those ! t rrwhose eyesight begins to fail. - .: er m Fruit as ii: is now being said and hi written regard to fruit being nutritious and wholesome, useful for digestion on account of its acid nature acid from J the apple; grape, orange and lemon are equally good in this respect, according to" the best authorities on tho subject of health. ,As a substitute for the better fruit acids, the rhubarb of This acid may be .cultivated. is certainly a fine one of its kind." Gooseberries r: are very similar ia nature, and both arc worthy of i, being on the familyIistf ,jTomatoes also should be prized for -- their: wholesomencss and healthful properties. We. do : not,; perhaps, sufficientlyJ priza jthoso things which are classed ,as ''common? and h'ood.TT-Muc- h j pie-pla- nt ; i . ; ' account." of-Tflo , , ;. f The London 'Jjnect' priri ts a warning against theliabitual Use of the now fashionable hyponcic chloral. This writer says: "Becausa it does not 1 T i; produce the - immediate evil consequences' opiuta does, and is a far more powerful sedative than bromido ofpoto;isium- it has become popular and i even; largely recommended by medical men; and is a!so;oflcu ,uscd without ad vice or precaution." that-- ; in jpomc cases it has produced tj He adds. death, . and Ju others brought 'into. ;play, diseases which -- have proved . fatal. no 'Still,' ; ho such serious results, have ensued, it is surely an injury to the nervous system." The 'writer exand plains ''that, ' ia slcen,' tho sensory' recipient1 lower motor Centres arc separated 'from " those5 !of consciousness and wUI with which,- in a waUng ''state they arc in' close 'connection. ' Tliis separa- -' tion only' takes phco under certain conditions which vary much in d ifferent individuals J Chloral introduces an artilfcial ' influence' ' which separates these forcibly, and paralyzes 'the wilj. Subsc- , e - says,-''wher- 1 - " nnp.nt.lv thft will ? - .. .w " . FLOWERS. Duties are ours, events are God's. ' special attention5 was given to the" herbs," roots f and leaves that abound Jn Lsucli profusiou, LJcss medicine would be required; most herbs arc now in flower, sho winff thev hiitro'ftrri vnd tn "nnrfcotinn. The raspberry "leaf, which 'ispneof the most es- -. sential of-- home productions for many medicinal "at this particular season. uses, should bo gathered - - if 1 ? if. This is the proper season of the year for gathering almost all varieties of herbs for medicines, and 1 1 f. si ? sugar Beaming (staTizedrS The ' noney is just as gyou ana as pure- - as ever, uuc uou fJ PaiteW pleasant W eat li6u'J account "of ther; mall r grains'ibf sugar;.1 There i3 nd way flSown ; to;pre-i- : ven't this, and the best honey, thatrnade from clo- -; ver earlria the season, la mow apt to be 'candied '.'it the' prseni tiine than 1he Ule'r midfc Byplac- -' ." the soft afternoons come, adolescent couples nnetnA ni, "T of-th- e -:y Says a Milwaukee paper; "Now, II": OUSEHOLB: niNTS. n ' usized tomatoes 3albn;: with f salt pepper and chopped parsley; add half a cn Jof grated bread ; j beat four eggs to foam, ir tlicm into the tonia- -' to; heat a spider hissing hot place a pieca of butter therein, turn in thevmixtafect it brown for and lap over tho aw,'cmng:it ia a t ,twoI miuutes, I tumorerjibrm pa a jiofc pUtei.nsi al:b t I ' : HYGIENIC .NOTES; sca'tter-- ; " A VY nd' them ; 'brooks,1 nodding every ; Not they I TheyQare coliected and" placed j Jii I'our houses and ;,cpnsrTOtotie"kied r add; surrounded by the "costl accessories 'which ; belong3 to all vol rimes;, of .collected with', wild flbyersJ'tViSdJ p6ei, ! But ;pnt.fVV'e com p upon them indeed, iisr upon of scraps bf et some newspaper of everyday life, and in the one case, as in the "other, exclaim 'in a others bliss; while e ii l are in purgatory.":": V, trial of my life," said good "The hardest ' . J. , 4.1 T 1 OIU JJCllUVIX XXIUC3, " i3 IU SUCU ItTiila Uk-i HIS . news that my wife's uncle had died and left t 4i t, her sixtv thousand dollars." Tt i .',. ..O u;t,;.,.. What Is the difference between spermahowl? One is the ceti and a school-boy- 's wax produced by the whale, and the other is the wail produced by the whacks. i "Well, I always make it a rule .to tell my wife everything that happens." "Oh ray dear fellow', that's nothingl" replied his friend;- - ! 11 my wife lots of things - jthat ,t-never happen at all." An American recently traveling in London was'accosted by the vender of a matrithe monial journal. l' "Come, sir,"-criehis list of eligible man, running through ' partners, "I am sure you want to marry; take a paper." '''No, no," said the American ; "I don't want any of your respectable widows." "Well sir, h if you won't 'ave a d respectable widder, take - a lTy'i . be'fealled'fu-jlflv- e 'tho thercdsidessmllingto ' on breeze. hills ip; ed, along : m - rs j - Why should I be the happiest of all the vowels? Because it 'Is in the center of TT--k pound of crushed loaf sugar. Put the fruit into a and bring it gently to a boil, stirprcscrvmg-pan- , ring irequcntly ull tile1, time. !; Continue boiling till the "whole is quite soft and a smooth pulp; then add tho sugarj and again bring the fruit to a boil. Continue boiling gently for twenty or "twenty-fiv- e minutes. Take the ;pan? from the fire, and paste down the marmalade in 'jars while hot, with double papers, care being taken to? have the paste quite boiling; and. to straiu the papers tightly 6 vor thc jar. brH-rii- WfrnL-nnrv- l. ihn sonwa .Tcrtcd, and action i3 no longer under the same - control.. Ultimately, Btill graver consequences may "! ' and do follow. Delirium .'imbecility and paralysia i. of Uia 'pharynx atidr asophagus,larJ aaiong. the symptoms of recorded cases. .'All the ;tbia vtaa ?fcraving for it increases, and becomcfi as 'intense and iatolerabld as fur opium, i . Neuralgia and other nervous affections will be more frequent, and va-- - rious parctie phenomena which depend chiefly ou, . a defective will. I ; . 