nSALT- LAKE4 CITY, UTAH,; OCTOBER f Vol. 4. ' - For the, Exposed, AUTUMN;':';; 7 , -- ?; WJien tha golden sheaves thaiper'sharrtcroThif .i And the Veere and yellow leaves", rustlo 'neath; our fecit We rccaU past inem'ries;' tender jsad and weet; Yisidas, of our childhood, dreamj,r bright anif ar'-O- w Come again as erst in fancy's bright arraytH And th Slowing picture touched if itht rajlTOf , light, q j - . ' -- ' ; presence," all unseen, prevading here, 1 1 ' ' j tilrrrrr' Splrliintultlon of ifthigher sphereS')d itinl Who shalf say there lingers not a latent thought within. . . Of the e pirit hornet Where free from pain and sin r r We dwelt in Paradise consenting .thus to come, To fill a foreign Mission, 'a pilgrim from bur h6me? " -f , tail u-- zi - ... Salt Lake City, Sept. 29th, 1875. i'- - - TJrf i -- 1 3' L Vct ; 1 ! " two distinct grades "or classes offmatter,, here,5'1 as stated In that article? 1 J ? We are again told, "The graves were opened : ahdJmany bodies of the sainU which; slept1 arose, and came but of the grave ifter; his resurrection; and went into the Holjr '.Cityiind' appeared iinto many.J"Mitt.txxvIJ.-i63-3.These resurrected bodies also appeared to many ahdr wre- faiowaby (them; There waV no ; "precious germ of an Immortal 'tabernacle,", as stated in that article but a Jabernacle com-- 5 speaking ahdl plete;'seerii known, felt, moving, eating,- at least with Jesusl - Whatof We are told that he was "anointed" with the oil ; of gladness above'.his7 fellows. We are also told that "it the same spirit d well in you that raised up Christ- from the dead It shall also quicken your mortal body." (Did? Jesur and will man have- - a glorified body?; i es; but that certainly did not rest in tne irrave. Is there, as stated, "a precious cerm. ft or spiritual body, separate and distinct from" the above? If so, does It die, and Where 13 It? Does it partake of the elements of nature?- j la1 there uuy thi ug earthly that :t la hot '.gross,-d- i vibible and ttansferable?' If not, can any eiimina'-edro'thls gross material, matter be which is not subject to nature's laws? If these "substances are ho'trdwed, as stated, 'for Use," Where is the substance that is not borrowed? Of what is it composed, and where does it exist?.We are, indeed, told that the pure substance, the' germ of an immortal mother earth in actabernacle, " bleeps-In- cordance with celestial" law' I again ask, where is germ arid w here that lawf It is a beautiful thedryjieasicg and poetic. Is it true? If theo questions cannot be ' answered J i should it bo satisfactorily," u Brother Joseph Smith published? said in Kauvodr H tomb that M had built.there, that froor his. tomb- - he expected to' whcnfnef 'arose strike, handf with his. father, - mother and rise brothers," those who. would be there and '!i ii:':Vvii life with bim. int6 Ezekiel tells ua that he saw bono come to his them boneand Sinews and flesh ahd the Skin cover them. Ezek. xxxvil. Paul body, it is raised a says, ff It is sown & natural : natural body, and a .is there spiritual body; there Js vitvirilucrt body." What is the natu ral body?' The body of flesh and bones and blood;- that died and was burled. What is the spiritual bbdy? The same body with flesh and benes and spirit, the spirit occupying the place of blood I have heard President Joseph Smith say that spirit would occupjr the place of blood. Hence, "The firt man Adam was made a Jliv-I'- g soul, the last Adam was made a quickening 45. The Bam e body arises spirit.", I Cor.-xwith ail Its component parts; but spirit take3 the part of bloody Blood was the life of the natural body, as Moses says, "But flesh with the life thereof, which is the blood thereof shall ye not eat'? Gen. ix.4. "I will even set my f iJi-- . Jesus-tabernaclt- ? 1 ' BEMABKS .ciN' THE BESUillElECTibK ii in Salt Lake City, Sept. MDcar 13, 1875. BroiHr In accordance with your wisb,I bfg leave u treseut the following views of au article initio .Woman's Exponent of Sept I, 1875, aud bearing the Signature of- - blixn 'EMzi II. Snowj entitled, lMortal and Immortal Ele-- i t aw.- tiyjmv. mehta of therHdoiatt Body" me Permit herei Sir,- to premie that I regret -- tX-- - exceedingly beiug under the necessity of differ ing from my dear Sister Eliza Snow, whom I have always Esteemed, and do now consider to be one of , the most upright, intelligent, honorable and exemplary ladies in the world: but as It is principle that .'wenjare all 'after; and one of the great fundamental truths of; heayen is involved, am sure that she,' in common with all lovers of truth, will excuse me for the freedom I have taken with her expressed antl tjubi HsheU views. - We have always" that Jesus holds the; keys ; of the resurrection; aud, as there, are principles involved that con cern all the inhabitants of the world "that have lived, or do live,' it is important that we do not make mistakes on so grave a matter. ' r:'?1' IuTTthe above Darned article we are told that "we are in .possession of a very important and beautiful principle which pour$a flood of light into the mind,'-&c- . And again, 'But, thanks be to God iot Xhtikcy which solves the mystery.", Every organized human; body, independent of the spirit (which is a Separate organization), Is composed of two distinct grades or classes of matter, and In such mutual combination as to serve the purposes of this lower existence. I: beg here, Sir,-trefer you to the article, and wiJI gay, 'that if God had given revelation, presented a key unfolding the mysteries of tho resurrection, I would bow In humble submission; but I know of no such prin ciple, nor key; nor do I believo that any such has been revealed, fer which I have the most satisfactory reasons. In the first place, I ought to have known, ir. common with my.brethrenj if such a principle had been revealed; and again,- l been--taugh- t o - - - - -- pro-batltma- ry: tht :- -. - rc-fertln-gno 4 come-upon,;, -- . 4 - v ; t .: - No. 9. that soul that eateth blood, and will cut him ofT from among his people. For the. life of the flesh is in the blood." Lev. face against l'- ' ' -- J xvil. 10 i" There is also another principle mentioned by dwell in you that raided' up Christ from the deadIT shall also qiiicZen your mortal bodies." li our what? Your mortal bodies1 These bodies P that havia been susceptible of: all the inflruii t and weakness of .hUmaniyr re are tld that' c!flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of Goduor corruptIonJiuherit Incorruptioni'f llut We are hot told that ifleslivand 'spirit can net." Inherit the: Kingdom of God. ;PauI says, "Know ye not that your body is the, temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in Jok, which ye have of God," 1 Cor. vi, 1 9. Again,' il Know yd not mac ye are jine lempie or uoa, ana iuai inq ; Spirit of QoddwcUcth m yotiV-':- ' 1 Cor., Tour bodies dwells andf in. Now if ;that fpirit; body of Jesus, hero' quicfeensthem as it tlid'-thia a princisle fot us to" reflect upoh. : But we muse rememner mac u is pur mortal ooay mat1 is f quickened by titand nbt, as stated 14 the precious 'germ - of, an immortal tabernacle." can tell Urother Joseph Smith taught; "You ' the difference le ween, spirits and resurrected bodies by - the touch.:;lYou cannot feel a spirit, vou can a resurrected )ody.J; Again, "A! spirit hath not flesh audohef. as ;ye 'sea me have.'" V1;" .:'-- -'1 LukexxivS.; ; - ' - -- - .- 1 : , J 1 M-- I ? -' iil,-J6.- e ; Cut again,PauV sayg, 'A11 flesh. Is not the same flesh, but there is one A iud of fleshof men,; ' s - t -- " , 1875. Is in conflict -- . Frpni tBeyears long gone, bursts upon our Sight... v The morning birds sung sweeter; then their tuneful praise.; And woodland, grove and valley echoed with their lays; While in joyous answer, evry pulse was beating, Each melodious strain of the bird-not- e greeting; :, - -- r Little recked we then, of toilsome years to comej t , i '; O the blessed memory of our childhood's home; How it clusters, round us 'midst the fallen leaves. And the spell enchanting which our fancy weaves. As the shade! of evening, shadows dimly cast, .AT There'cbmes a gentle whisper breathing of the past, I il 1 And a voice prophetic, sighing xaong the tm&:iJ G i f Sounds a mournful .requiem'with the passlag brwe 'j And to meditation are our spirits ledt ; , , j ,. ' of our are the thoughts Involuntarily dead, And we question, asking of ''ourTathcr" where Are oca dead, the fondly loved, the beautiful and fair? a living with all the revelations and we have had on this subject. teachings On Teading the article the following thoughts obtain by occurred to me what did H a not of Was a body flesh and taking body? ?i bones4 and blood? Did 'man ever' possess ,iny J other kind oi bm$X: Iaulsay?j "The nst man Adam was made a living soul: the last VAdaraT t was made a quickening spifit"t '1; Cor. v,'43. "Thefirsf man Is of the- - earth earthy ; the ; second man is the Lord from Heaven.'! Was the liofd's body different from ours ? ; He was born of a virgin, and passed through all the1 phases of birth," childhood and mahosd he f ate and drank and slept; he lived and died as" 3 man, and as man was resurrected ; he ate "after his resurrection; ;They gave him a piece of a ; broiled: fish, and of an honey comb. And he took It, and did eat before them., Iiiike xxiv, 42-He also said to his disciples " Behold ray1 hands and my, feet, "that it is I myself V handle! me; and see ; fof a spirit hatlr not bones! &i ye see me have' Z9t 40. "Then1 said he to Thomas, ' Reach hither thy finger and behold mv handsr ' and reach' hither thv hand, and thrust it into my ide.w John 'xx'J' 27. . Was not this the same body? Were there it -- 5 0 what mightyiessons'nature doth Impart, tnits silent janjruage speaking to the heart, i the-spir- it Ia the mellow sunlight of ;the "Autumn brown,' Of 1, - another flesh ' of beastsahother of fishes, and ' another of birds.' 1 Corxv; SO. . : ' Joseph Smith taught the same doctrine as that of Paul; and stated that ,The flesh of inan cannot eater, Into, be united'with;1 or compose the component parts of the flesh of sheep, ca any other kind of flesh; but that the. elements ;of. mauV body remain distinct from that Of .every other boay.'I mve heard yollj'.Blr; state the same, thingrand ;gay "that "the component parts of man's body can never be .destroyed i and that tho body will always retain its identity." This, Is strictly In accordance with other laws. of nature, in. regard to many mineral substances, which retain their separate Identity ; such' for instance aa' gold, silver, copper, iren and other; minerals, ail of which retain their separate parts and identity and all of 'which can be separated, by a crjemi-c"process, from any cine of tne other. I am Inclined ; to think that Sister Eliza has drawn her ideas from tho- - abovo stated doctrine of Presto Joseph Smith; 'which doctrine 'we can all : acquiesce ;in but' not in that which is super-- . added. , f f'' ; -- t- ' r"1, ;Tho Holy Ghost, above alluded tod wells in the1 body of man, and when the power of God , Is" manifested by Jesus Christ, who Is, "the resurrection and the life," the wole, body is quickened, as by a" magnetic Are, and bursts forth into newness of life, as stated in the Book 6f Mormon 'TUe paradho of God; must do- liver. up iuw epifiia u tuy ngiucuu?,, una, ,iuo grave deliver up tne body or tne nguteous; and and the body' is restored to. itself tho'eplrlt all men .become incorruptible and and again, and immortal, they are living souls, having a perfect knowledge like unto U3 in the flesh," 'J'" t 2KephI,chap. vl,par.5. wo do .What have Jo with the theories of men in regard to tho. reorganization and 1 re :- : -- . al , " s " r; fiurrection oftth body?" If Uod has', decreed It, and;re have faith In it,"wlll not that do? Yet some of Katures laws exhibit a very striking "analogy. A steam engine' Is a beautiful tlohary or ay a locomotive;: but 'Its power dej Spends upon tho povrer of action of steam;, the englna" without the steam; could accomplish nor could the steam without the ennothing,4 The body of man living Is a magnificent gine. apiece' of machinery, the most perfect of God's creation, and la made In His own Image. His body, however, without the epirlt, U dead and Inanimate. The body dead possesses before Its decay Its form, members and organs; it3 bones, muscles, veins, arteries, nerve3 and all its com- ponent parts; but, like tho engine without 