WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 12 . , Tho : ; .:'":. fifty-nint- havo died of it recently in Andenne Lorette The' monetary panic in Jlio Janeiro h snti-The family, of; Captain Kali, the siding. Arctic explorer, lias been presented, with a gold medal by, tho . French Gebgraphical Society.. ..'..The money contributed Ao the menaoriai of Canon Kingsle in Eng. now, SPLINTERS.; h GENERAL, - . . Anniversary of 'the Ainer- - in Bible Society Hvas held at Chicago Tues-- : y May 25th. The GrandiMaster of Freo : 3lasons in Iowa has decided that dancing- in: ihconsisten t wi th, the KeXodgo room-i- sBullock l robd of tho ;craft.......Ex-Goy- ; f JIass. will deliver tho oration before tho "Phi Beta Kappa Society" of ! Brown Uni- - - - versity at the next commencement...... Another steamship the Germanic of the White , Star Lino, is on her way from Liverpool to . Newibfk.tho largest afloat except the TZr&i TxRti?rnz.v:rhri SlmiT flelflp-atehava 2amountsjto ;$5,2?6,i.W6mans n Sunragel Lngiand m 1frVnhfnrfrin nwl nrA tin fhfifr wavrhome ..lsxiensive W'ooa nros aro raging, on mo - -- TGmnIn WAS - - i ' . , -.-J- FOREIGN, ,, An international congress on the lvistbry of America before its discovery by Columbus, will meet in Nancy France,4 July 22nd :...'..In the United Kingdom of Great Brltian, and Ireland there are only 137 dally newspapers published.. ....Moody and Sankey continue their daily revival meetings' without any diminution, Earl Shaftesbury, Lord Cairns, Earl of Craven and many clergymen, have been among their hearers .recently.... .".Forty-si- x paintings and sketches by the late J. T. Millet, wero rpcrmtlv sold in Paris for 276,000 frances..:....A; magnificent now building has been commenced -in Southampton, Eng. to bo called "The Watts Memorial Hall and Sunday Schools ......Mr. Leigh Hunt, grandson of the fai mou3 poot,; recently committed sulcido.in London... ...Tho English Arctic Expedition left Portsmouth; on tho 29th of May.....; Three hundred and threo women contribui' , - ted to the Fine Ait Exhibition this year in Paris.. Tho Tlfcatro Royal at Lieds, Eng. was destroyed by tiro recently.....;Pr.inco Bismarck has dissolved tho German Press Bureau.. ....Tho King and Queen of Sweden havo visited Berlin, it is said their visit is a manifestation of Sweden's support of Iho three Emperors...... There wasa serious Arc at Gurlph Ontario fire in ? recently...... Portland N. 11. May 2Sth, destroyed $250, . 000 worth of property, 110 families were iciiucrcu liomciesa...... Cholera prevails in tho city of Baroda, Inaiu......500 persons have been attacked with srnrtl.jvoT ?nd 101 O ' A A . $50,000 at IlamUton, pnhH-..v- ' r ian intend sending, delegatesJoi examine thp Mississipm;,yalley,jvith regard to mak- ing settlements.. .fTh ere' Js areport of; a heavy cyclone om the Chinese coast which .. Charles ADana of Thoi sun has7gonc to Europe.i.v.Mme.'Bemorest, accompanied with Miss King is taking a tour through Mexico. ;il..;.Maxi : Mullei a lis: iournOying. through Italy arid receiving tho greatest respect. .....Mr. Trenor N. Park of Bennington, Vt. Is said to Jbo tho r fourth r man ; iir point pi wealth in the United States...... His property , is valued. at $17000)00....; James T. fFields of, Boston has .received invitation froM ninotc'en'7colleges to deli ver lectures? in July .. .Mr. ;RaJphe Waldo Emersoni attained nis 72nd birthday ;'May -- . : 1 rauiisnca Bemimoninij, in Dan. 1 Art. Tin.AnlM tnn- ttia . rrl nf ny, Ulan.'. Tl1n A : - 26th...... Stephen S. LHommedieu died at West Pointy May 26th;hQ.:was ione of the pioneers of Gincinnatti and for imany years Presiderit-o- f the Cincinnatti, Hamilton, and railroad ......Commodore ,Vandcr- Drayton bilt was eighty .one years of ageon Thursday, May 2 7th.. v.. Judge W. L. F. Warren, eno of the oldest and. most eminent of the eit Saratoga, died recently, at the age of eighty-tw- o years... '...lie v. J,: Houston Ecceleston, D. D. of Piiiladephia, has been chosen Bishop of the Diocese: of Iowa. i.... , convicted of the murder, of Gloester Carrin in .Sullivan County New Yorkj Oct.. last, is sentenced to bo hung ; in MonticellO, July Gist.. ....Dr. Savillo tlie In-uiua ugeai in x or in wes lern in e d. nas; his position.;. ...Col. II. T. Temple-to- n died in San Francisco,Friday, May 28 th; ; : Mark-Browrn- . The Cincinnati Musical; Festival-opene- d on the 11th of May arid was held four $ays; tho chorus numbered 825 voices ahd the band 102 pieces. . It is said to, have rivaled in its character and importance tho most ambitious efforts of New York or Boston and oven tho achievements jof tho great choral festivities of. England. ' The streets wero decorated as if for a great victory; every public building was huug with banners, streamers and festoons, and tho locomotives, steamers on the river and even the streetcar horses were ornamented' for the pi?ces yenr ren- dered with such- perfect success that correspondents are at. a loss for words to fitly praise the performance. Tho festival ended with Pomcthcl!s.,, The audience which ' d of more Ulan 8060 persons," were enM thusiastic 1n their applause. - : ' - cou-siste- . flvartletnrr square, ten Jincs of nonpareil Bpace, one time, $3.00; per inonthj $3.00. TA7 literal discount to ; h ; iv . ; 1. i regular adrctUsera; ; J .t; ' I South Temple, and First Exponent. OfBce, cornerpf i,asi Birecis, opposiic jagicupie. iusmt;tB nuuesJium and Saturdays. - r . - a.ta.' to 4 p.m. on Tuesdays 'Address all tasinesf communications to,; tcsj--Kac- a 1 " - 1 5 . Tablishera "Woman's Exponent. : ; jSalt Lake r:-r;-jt-l City;-Utah- Jsalt7$jAke -- ..Grrxv.JiJNBi 15, 4 - ms;' e Colfax made 6,000 ) lecturing last wjutcr rlnflipnfiHl in TVnw Vnrlr Wrri- - : .. wreckdd seyeral1 vessels.-.- .. lThQrEmerbr ofPflissia lias conferred the qrdecr of iviL'.'.. merit olinHonT GeorgeBancro andjjlcnry WLongfpHow, poet, of America : ? . Th e Laborers Federal UniqnTof Grea t Bri t of nesday Juno 2nd, with great pomp and dis nlaV.....iA flnnntnttnn f thr T.rnrlrri Anft- Slavery socioty presented a memorial to Lord Derby asking government interference to stop the civil war and , tho slave and coo-li- o trade.;. ...Tho I public d ebt was red uced nearly $1,200,000 during the last month;;;. Th o official inquiry:: in to Hi o Joss - of lib a steamer Schiller . has been commenced in England.;...;judge Milton formerly Chief Justico of. Mass. is dead- - .The "I Colorado Stock and Exchango Board opened at Denver City June 1st. i;.: A , ... ' . Canadaand thelatoGen.Bedlngtonjhas filed hcrapplica- uon ror letters or Administration upon nor husband's estate, it is the largest estate evf T i ' A cently......$206,00dam May. 20th,7loss Tabdut:$I25,0Q0 .....The Libby Elevator Jn Brooklyn; Iowa, was burned Wednesday, May 20th; loss $50, son-in-la- w. corporation of London has resolved to' in, Jntcr-Yito tho Mayorbf.NowiYork'. .Jo-tli-e, I "if" n d mon ex mu in ?; , naiionai nicjpa j oanque t J. M. Sweeney, one, of theValleged ring th i e yes of No ;Tp'rkf? d ied i n , : Parish j-- Saturday, or acted upon in Sacramanto Co. Tho silk merchants of New, York aro, com bining for protection against smugglers. . ....; ueimu oi iioveianu, unio, .was murdered by her May 30th.. ....Tho ; of Viceory Egypt has resolved to construct a railroad along tho valley of tho Nile to tho) interior of Africa.;.. Avne w Masonic E; UKEEXB KlCIf AKDS. Editor.' ; r i ? 000.MrsueyrEedington,id6fc recentiDerbraces..iThcr stakes at tho union river Maine.. ....Ualf ;tho town of Great Bond. Penn. was destroyed - bv fire - , has suuered anolheruefeat-iGov. Jovellar formerly Cap. 'GehVt of Cuba, has been appointed to-- , command ,Jhe ;'armyr of the Centre of Spain. Prince Batthy-- i ani's colt ''GaiopinAVonihp; Cief Derby s . " EXPONENT, - , . jv THE- - WOMAN'S :;:It is a eUlu that triere are many; : blsihg- wlifcby tho creatures the larger more bestowed upon fellow stores' who1 i mpart And of tho?e becdnie the these are ever the brightestdearest and sweet- est gifts of God toj His children such asVis- -' ilnm , Iova.7 Knnp.7 hnrl tho fninshfnB nf thp hparf.. , . V, When a bindred human is f en in trouble it lieed not cost a cent ; to offer y.words jef encour-- . agement, and consolation wort h thousands of dollars. It costs nothing indeed, but such words are never given without treeompense. . .geo the tiredj r careworn hoiisowife, fwhosp; "work Is never donef sink wearily down at evening, with the; common," comfortless '0 dear! ;X' vo been busy aa l could be all day longj and yet! i 4z have done nothing! h , v!l ; 4 ,.; Do not let her fall asleep with that cheerless impressionif you are "blet witrt power to ; re- move it. And you are if you have ever. watch- -. ed the daily course of a faithful wife and moth- er ana ir you nave a ncarc mat can reel anu: ! --- .r, : '5 berho it that this morning! was tenderly-awok- e the precious Iambs who Jay so quietly with kisses and sleeping in the low trundle-bed- ,' loving1 Wonts, that they might" not be "cod lato for school and 'misi the pretty prizes so anx iousiy awaited? '.Whoj though hurried with" breakfast that papa" might be at: hirWorkrlii good' season', still found time' to soothe Jen nie's grief over her tangled curls, and to; help comb but the snarls, To find careless tiVillies jackets, . that "would always get lost h owe Ver' much5 pains, were taken to put it safQ at b'ed.tiuie!'' And to shovy Sub the easiest way of finding out iliot. t'linrtvcf. cum lliof oro'r ti'A.ttf ikIIa). -could not possibly get through her sleepy little head the night before?! Breakfast, over and the children gone tp: school, who brought baby in from the streeta 4lozen times or more. that he might not be runyer by wagons pc carriages; from the. water that ho might not paddle and take cold; .who fed him, sung hinr to sleepj antl attended to all his infant needs? . And who has thus followed' upthe thousand, duties necr essary'to be looked after in. the .home circle, each trifling; in Itself perhaps, but- altogether ambuuling'to argood and noblday's'Uork? ' Tell - her these things are hot considered as othlngM tho great and Father who lias granted us each a probation "here, that wo may work. That.if wo work wisely and well, V no matter wbaj, our employment may be, tho. , Father is iatisfied with us. Tell her that to raise a fimiiyor. cJdldreny directing them in the proper channel, is as great a 'work as the Ixrd has assigued-i- o any .of JUia sons aiid daughters Cheer her sinking spirits, enliven ; her wearied soul, administer to her freely and vithout fctlut and you will fiud youWeif doubly T refreshed and blest." 80 with all who Iaxr.or rcj lp,'wlio;grcvo, : ' ' 1- : - all-wi- se 