WOMAN'S EX PON ENT. ' .123 which abound to such an :aIarming,,oxtent in the cities of the East. ' ' MTV ;. r There has' never been an. organization more conducive j to or more suggestive of ways and means .tQ,cIq- vato and develop womau, than" tho Rc- treheWent Assa(6V''''""f0fy': wdman. through this channel,' has an opportunity for selimprovement; and ifsonio of our young: ladies whose time hangs so. heavily, upon their hand that they are obliged to read - v OUR NUMERALS. correspondent asks, " wnat is tne ort- gin of our present nine figures. 1, 2. 3, etc.? I am aware they are Arabic, but how came BY BLANCHE BEECIIWOOBv they to assume ' their present7 form 7 f What :; wwiy , i gayo'tho''figureT8 spirit j Seizes the prompt occasion, makes the thoughts r ; peculiar forms? 3 and 5 are alike, "witli tho ? . ., jStart iatajnstant actioa andatonco ';; (faro tho . Plans and performs, 'resolves and executes.". same only reversed : If you din giV6 your readers any light oh thisvspmevvha0 recon- Every faculty we possess is capable of; a greater or less extent; "yellow-covere- d literature," and choke dite topic, they would bo obliged." to our own energy. of trash, that the Dress fur- according Recently" laborious researches have devel perseverance down evervsort ' ' J ."1 and indefatigable .efforts. We may talk ; of nishes in; this ''enlightened nineteenth cen- oped tho fact that the numerals nbwi in use .circumstances, opportunities andresoureei', tury," would come out to these meetings, are not of Arabic7 rorigin They are to -- bo bat pbserva jiot aMpeirience .'".vfli;; testify;- and if 'they themselves are so thoroughly reekoned?amorig the ingenious inventions of : lo .a certainty tljat,lnfmostVinstances, it is, accomplished, that there is ho occasion for the Brahmins : of India, 'Andrdite back to "and always .has been thosBlwhohave had exert a little of this sonie undetermined period bbfPre the' Chris the least opportunity most untoward nir-- 1 power of knowledge in .develoninsr others. ItlAix era, Aii obscurityjwfiich scholars have C;cpm&&rice$- atid fewest relTrcesAvTio hate theywould Ho gr wdit torthemselyDs thus far been unable to clear up envelops the ; attained' the greatest celebrity;1 How many; and materially benefit societyVthe JdeU t)f inquiry aa. to the time - they first ' became Tin limited sphere cah we recall any ones saying, they can't do any good is known to the Arabs 7 and wero introduced eyen ayery ' vto mind, who HaW hU thlnoir brilliant only equivalent to admitting they are too It is supposed by -- the most prospects' ;opened before them, with every- - idle, or too selfish; Vevery .wbrnaaXcah' ;do' learned writers on the subject that the Arabs some good to herself and others by making obtained their knowledge of tho characters Hthing seemingly -- favorable - to Lhighest1 velopmentsbf character and intellect, that an exertion. Wo hear a great deal about through the Persians,. who were conquered have allowed themselves to live in a sort of opportunities, but we can make our own op- - by them in C 3G, arid adopted their religion though tles3 inactionearriedalorig perhaps portunities in manyJ instances, . if. we will; and ond of? their f: dialects; The on. the shoulders of influence with scarcely and. it will assuredly reflect greater credit Arabic figures resemble the Persic charac-ranide- a of their own, orpower to call forth on us, than to wait for a chance, or other ters, which are those in popular use through-va- t tho .proper,moment, a. single thought people to make them for "us. j out India. Trustworthy authorities fix tho of others, a ' 5 period at which the Arabs acquired the n u- ;;iwprthy I could tell you of a: woman who had no- merals as late as the middle of the thirteenth The, uspalierm applied to successful pep opportunities (and less : than none if possisiioJ'At'jl.h.ey,;had genius. , They may, ble,) to obtain knowledge; who was left an century. Others believe, tho figures, called . or mayf f;qot- - Jiave had, any extraordinary orphan and had to struggle against all sorts "Gobar" by the Arabs, were brought Jo Bag-gi- ft or talent. Granting they had,', what of adverse circumstances. She did not dad during tho reign of (7G0) or would t do for them, without cultivation? possess any apparent frenius, nor was she his immediate successors, and certainly not and If fhev werfi 'inrlimhlft ofsplf.imnmvpmAnf beautiful enoucrh to attract the attention of later than the time of carried to Spain during tho end ana hanpcnefl to be born in, poverty, which any. "good lairy;' but she; had energy, per- thence were I 'ih'nin-or is most Offpnftrnlfv - yMUV severance and determination: 1 of the tenth aia"vUli (rwifnooa - she was beginning .,oft the eleventh ' ; WA..M4V'J, 'v'-'a-n .uthey might live and die. as many do;'ii6 dustrious and untiring in her efforts for self- century. Arabic fig- bi. Unlcriowii1 ahd NinnnWrnhf;ifpd? nnrt imDrovement Shcarae fo me a little cirl A knowledge of tho who would bo the'wiser: or'thabetter for it, iii.LWiuter:Quarter3 where there were no u res was soon, communicated to tho learned 'what benefit; would ''ever accrue to' the advantages lavorable to education, and men of Europe. .The astrohorhers of Franco be half so asked me to heip her with some , Ums; I and Germany sedin.'.to have totemplojrcd Jworid;from it?ily:wduldriot -cOmmenclable)r worthy of mirationVnor never saw her before, but I have known her ,theni in th fourteenth century, in Compos, to. ,,, .1 n d- T .were- sent A t sf nrA the vari- Ho VIVllllUU triifhfnllv fhnt slin inorcj calendars, tfin'thrvteaaiti-rnAn;i.IJf OVa I ever w IllVUdUtV rst UUltl ,VVJ Ul'lUVIl z,.t- which ,J sno is capa- - pus religious nouses, Well as th o pe rsbns possessed of sound com- - is a sen made woman. t mis. means me diffused through imonLsenjeiandaood amount of perse ver- - ble of conversing upon almost any solid sub- - characters were generally o t h oldest authentic dates ll work, kn ancojare able to perform etpdrall thenmHopiestho in Arabic numerals the is that of 1375, which i ing that they must depend upon what they besides having a home of her own providcanmake theraselves,independent. of her irig. How many girls are these in Utah, was written - by Petrarch ih:a'C0py of St. ine coiiege accounts online editary, or inherent genius, influence, or capaoie ot developing into women' ot mind, Augustine. an active and xngnsn univer&uies were gt?iiemny Kept iu oi cnaracier, and oi taKing h .V. nr, :y i ' efllcient part in the business of.practical the Roman numereis until tho beginning of - y Perhaps fsbmo of our. readers may think lite? v 'thp sixteenth century; Tlie Arabic eharae- 11 this a silbject; fit only for tho" "sterner sex;1' Girls don't be afraid of the terra "strong, ters were not used m tno' parish registers -- .but in this day and age, the advance of :in- ate1 met with in occurs In tho ii exceedingly oetter reni-ro- u vi uie iioctjst? ui 01. Ahdrew's. for the next generation. If you want noble ' The forms of several of the figures have (?,;men, and if so, why not of women; make yourseivi such by your own undergrin'6 considerable change1 elrice their j men t?, : The writerofthese lines is anxious raeritsrdo not wait for anv other nerson-t- o I first introduction into Europe. In tho old- to sep the women of. Utah embrace the idea est manuscripts the figures 4, 5 and 7 are you forward; study of say tothem bring mindi in manners, in temper and disposi-- most1 unlike the present characters.; The 4 Call,' through these columns, whether your in tion. No matter howold we are. while jye consists of a luop .with' ilw ends, pointipgl circumstances aro iavoraoie ' or otnerwtse. retain OUr IUCUItlCS, WC SLTQ SUSCCptlDlO OI UOWD UIO O 1WZ WMIJU llKVtim uguiu r;: nm rinh rir -V. inverted In ii 'and the " Jteifat Fyo? to Tis waS talking .toplyad; very 9;u lWmproyement. . , . . . , rt- i, vao. capauic 'oi, aul i,n ion , oiu muy not long since, wno toiuimo sne iuu uius uavu ujvaiw'm.MB.ji-i..iium'ht had improved herself wonderfully in the the4 has assumed its present'shape, but:tho I to call, upon , have, had occasion recently cori rt h mrio 's nnd 7 nro qtill verv nnllkd the same char- vnor. rA W There is no reason assigned actors of t many of7JhoiTpoor..;Who :are crowded lntOanjj abrupt to p'eonle. bitter Dack.streets and alleys, intor garrets and and of a sour temper.1 Ko one could please for these7 cnancres. twnicn appear no nave and of all sorts basements, but since I have become too old for hard been 'gradual, and the result of choice rather me; places; and it has set me thinking seriously; work, I have been cultivating myself, and I than introduction; Nor havo we ever met What can bo dono. to benefit their condition ain not like the same woman." With any attempt to attach an especial sig: . : to comes answer me The matprially? "Well, lot u commence now, and not wait, nificance to tho forms "of the nurctrals. If self-im- , teach them clearly ani forcibly, and lend to each other a helping hand in there be a symbolism hidden in their mold Tribune. It has yet to bo unveiIed.--Chicag- o fprbvement. It it is possible to. arouso .with tne worsof . ;' m them a wish, or desire to improve them- Salt Lakc City Jan 12th, 1875. . selves and their circumstances in life, we. , ' ought to make a prodigious effort. , In boring for water on tho farm of Mr. in., Br a votoof the faculty: of Harvard SOO Huirenin. ia the. vicinity or bhcridan, r . That pur city should not become Ilk"? tho of feet .one hundred Vcitie3pf Babylon, .has been our .ambition; marks of censure will bo sufficient this year after going through but if we dp not mind' we f will soon have to prevent seniors from getting their degree, solid rock, a vein of coal live treet in uepm ; some of the scum and filth and degradation, and 200' marks. will give a special probation. I was struck. SELF-IMPROVEME- NT self-iinproveme- nt, .lT.v.ir-Thkec- -- ', : 7: ' .' - , ... , , . ! Jtpps-turne- 4 -- - A. - r self-improveme- nt, 7 into-Europ- e ? so-call- ed 5 the-considerati- : on ! -- At-Mans- or ; Ai-Mamu- -- -- -- r , . f. m, 1 ? )- j " r;,-;-- - so-call- ed --- or . ? w I 1 - . -- j To-da- y up-hi- jn,. ; -- - s - - self-improv- ; e- self-improveme- nt, self-impr-oy - ilv - JSiIvi , " v-''1- -"'" -- out-of-the-w- - 'i A . . ; tt ...,. w, 16-da- y. -- ay . ; seit-improveme- nt. , , . " ," . 5 N : 