Yi-ir- tn v ir 'iwi tJf ''- -- r. EXi'OIT.'' yI M'.'OMAN'S .7. - STRONG MINDED WOMEN ,j course she belongs to the circle of ".strong If you love others, they "will love you. IT) ill df.fi" WOTIK' ill ITf.'lh o!,n 1... If you speak kindlv to them theyvwilb T'iot IS. inu i iui " .. ; .... m women Knowing- something,- litres speak kindly to you. 'Love i repaid with " ! ANOTHER VERSION. i ; The following c nrrMimi have Ik en le last issue '"of Woman's Exponent, May ..1st, an article fromaStv George correspondent,- entitled suggestions v- - 1." V - themselves, and aeti'mr ati&rw 'from Vhfir As responsibilities.. ....... raids' ,.v . i. .. ,t 1 a : "V, " Wte'' . , inv-- k.! the .! . Ka v u-u- sTnnitrest iTinizs you raTf wrtfr -- candor and kindness to a mani Jaeep and iiiiike the best excuse you can for him; with m. Vm." .V. n(u,mst Minded-Women." . ;"'-This back. , "Strong . her womanhood anv truth ami justice, behind nunaesp' to idea is of n , According my (lungs, oinei npeol man, , I a.-- but to reouet that . Pv six fjunlities shall a fool be known: creditable for any ol thesisteK to . express w t th his wishes in matters oi Anger without cause; speech without moa" s lucii uc n j iu i iiiiaii .mui quiet. maimer ;ne.iumpi tjj-weiirlitv or other tive; inquiry without an object.; putting interest", wht-the-- (,,a througu the exponent. Though even tins wise :ind hnfh !!'.! c it i,,, triwt in a staanger; and Wanting capability is in coiitrarmty to the old rule by wh.eh 1KH.(J to M)bey to discriininate between ;tji ieicl yii a !; h:tsfur Ml!1k.ii;llt ,he voman has so long been taught that to strc f CunlVol her myn wi, !uiml ngth To cumi'lain that life has i.e. joy:-- uiiie avonlover-seppinthe bounds of propriety. sa bmiui u t0 hi. hfiY is a single creature whom we .can ie-- , there Id m she shou keep the back grounu,. where Uiffer. Put under-Kh- e see and. they generally lieve by our bounty, assist by our comisels, iSijht possibly be seen but not heard. start(f (hi al5ke for lm,bami anU wife or enliven Put-wby 'our presence, is to lament the are growing out oi these stiff par.; bo(h iiv,e near the on whom thev rely loss of that which we Lord, possess, and 4 just as -rrow hanks to the precious hgbtfor wisdom anif it is -- iveu to acrding ational as to die of thirst with the full cup which-hi- ii Learned upon our understond- - their need, ami Theyaiunel together in our hands. the ImsbluHl acknowledges the cor- , , , ji'iuently , your.-e!, iuu;l i cspeuuuuy vuiu x Aim nun Help somebody worse. oil' than better rt.ct oiil.ioiS of his wife or compliments . .1 Al l I. off are and you will 'feel that you. ge.M w mose wno noiu sucn iua, as are ; her .for i,ring-i- to Iirli"t a bright idea. You-.masubdue an anaoove me writer uy expresseu loeuuoneu, i'llusbands livii'v th i r reiiirion aim mag thair you fancied. with ana-wo him, but not by m regard to the position of men the Priesthood," I cannot think gry man by bearing nifying the steel should as is if men, that it i& always wise to- consider both would desire to' "dictate," or feel that their answering him; that off flint leave giving sparks sides of a question, before giving free range wives mu st try to make the "obey." it to the imaginatiii. again. Ly striking True'- there are men who eoiisdder it their I cannot help wondering why the term right to command, and even to enforce obe- He is a wiser man who sees his own im"strong minded women," should be so ob- dience from their wive.-- where their wishes perfections than he who discovers a planet, jectionable, so abhorrent lit Its nature, as to are not willing! y complied with- 'Put such, or is able to plan a campaign or build a appall even the most timid and sensitive; I do not believe are good Latter day Saints fert He' is more a conqueror who .quells now that the truth the great astounding or t but their ways are approved of by God. the baser passions within, and brings the antruth that woman is positively possessed 1 hope th.it v" .strong minded" ''women, ac- - imal nature into subjection to the moral, of a mind as susceptible 'as that of man, .World. lie is a cording to my version,, never under any than he who subdues-th- e To it would me world. is dawning upon the into marrying stronger man who moulds society mentally circumstances, get s be a matter much more lamentable, to be men. of this'-ortPut I should think it and morally, 'whtfis- able to direct the or suca mind weak one of considered intellect, only' fair for ali'Mieh to be cnipled with the of the mind and soul, than he who than to be regarded as a "strong minded," strong bunded, 1'ifud to"ngued women, who cessfully fights With bulls arid bears.or overcomes a giant in mortal combat. lie is energetic, persevering woman, who might would certainly prove their equals. even of note, more a braye man, a hero, who dares to do accomplish something worthy It is always "weak minded people who-wilif left to herself, independent of a man to upon t lie rights of others. They right, to brave popular indignation, than he infringe to ."lead" must be weak' in some points at least, or who stands unappalled at the cannon's appear always "ahead of her, to "dictate'' that they would better comprehend the designs mouth; the one is as far above the other as that she might "follow," ' ho might "obey,?" of their Vreatp.m" and existence here. Let the mind and soul are superior, to of their those court tiie. society of the weak nnd Most men have affairs enough own to engross their attention, .without feeble minded who will; but for my friends, Os a' recent trial in "Wales, to test the vat- - f spendiug time to direct ivomen in 'theirs. my associates, and particularly tor lamily If they can' so much as listen to details con- connections, giv me stn true minus an idity of a will, it was proved that in lSCS the testator be came impaired in intellect to Inez. cerning the latter, andgive, counsel upon the time. a is iL such an extent that he went to the pon't otiiee the more important points, I think " " with a postagestamp oir, his-.- forehead and great thing. -. to substanV rLOwr.i'.I believe I am fully prepared requested to be sent to'V'a place "he mentioned. tiate the assertion, that in well 'regulated ' and wisely conductedfamilies, there is very 'Xo cross, no crown. cent silver The designs for the exout little of. the filling power manifested, of of selected Out debt, danger. aaid.apVe.d lately by. piece were cept in each governing self Hon. 'II: It. Linderman, director 'of the from court, far from-careFar That there are women in existence, who mint. The ad verse design con tains a sitTake away fuel, take away flame. undertake to "play the lord," to "rule their ting figure of Liberty, with the word "LibCovetous'ne-sas brings nothing home. inscribed on a shield, the whole surhusbands, their households, and erty, a fat. is horse makes the around one master's paintkem," The eye every possible rounded by thirteen stars. Beneath ,thte...: ful fact.. 'Put why abuse the appellation He that goes borrowing, goes sorrowing. hguro is the date TS75. On the" reverse a to such it applying by minded," side is the figure of an eagle, with ttie "strong Ai.T-arnot I.unters that blow the horn. words creature? She is simply a shrew. I have "twenty cents." The edge of. the known one' such myself, and although she husband. Will be peTfectly .smooth, in order to commands her coin An obedient wife, cun and shrewd bo iermed cent' correctly it from the twenty-fiv- e might face and hands, like the town distinguish - one of Let the "your was she do think I yet ning, coin. most ignorant tfomerx.-- ever knew. . &he clock, tell how your inner work are going. Tins, promises to be a pretty fair year for "treated her husband ns though he were inIs sweet to' those who hae Leisure as during one month we have deed a child," and a very inferior child at earned 'it,, but'burdensi-milo those who get centenarians,Obituaries of fourteen. These read tha that. Bho Hvas "masculine in her manner," it for nothing. were: Itichard Cotrell, of South Carolina, and in pTiysical strength too much more a is late General '' The habit of being always employed es- 119; Aunt Chloe, slave so than her husband. And he, I always beC. l ife; as' well N. of as S. F. Patterson, Palmyra, safeguard through life, lieved, .was afraid of hr. Not that she was great ( virtue. of to the sential the culture every Quapaw chief, lo; Peggy pow'strong minded," bat because of her ' a negress in ' Staunton of .Hanger, of no need we have To find friends when erful arm, her untutored tongue and her Dennis Poorhouse. Mobile 110; Toon.ey, the superior ability in. using thera. I do not yiem, and to' want thenfien we Lave, are of Oxford, Mass., .103; John Hyndman, of Lfctii common-.everand alike easy thought ofj.Ceuirtg' suppose any one Fin gal, Canada, and. Michael O'Leary, of her of being ''strong minded." r in a million do a heroic action; but InJLtnapoIis, 10o; Mrs. Pepin, ' Cf'Vermont, une ; But I know another, style of woman, a tlio li ttlc tnings t!at make up our life come, 101; Mrs. Posenburg, of South Carolina, real Lady; who considers it an. honor to go hour. and every John FcparrhegopoJous, of Gree ce, day 103; and to the polls and vote, having informed her- every ever Go I had fdled one: whodrustcd Alice Coolevj of Brook field, Mass., yr,.i. If self ifl relation to the cause, she is to and holds, amP s- - him, you might doubt; but he nqver ha, Warren,' of Topeka,Io0. : ; , Mrs. ' Winthord by the power-shstrengthen of IlUnoisr ine-IvMerrill, be eom.denl.; , nf ballntin?r in hnr rio-b'- -a - ' hereJore o accord , 'o,'-:n.-- , t.. I ' " . u o:h: :r r m , ' ; s i - ' , I .' ... ; r 1 - . ; g e ws; fre-in- s. ' ;,-"- !, " 1 . -,,'' j y 1 , , - d for-ee- . -- . he-body. -- , tyty - as-fa- r - s - , e ! e ' of-th- Va-van- d , . - , . ' e ' -- f . y)U-jiioul- - - 1 , . 1 