, anary counselors, under the. supervision of Mrs M J. Tanner, President of the Third Ward. A general good - feeling prevailed,r ; , ; :' : Pnoyo July 29th, 1875. Mar v. fL . -- be impossible to attempt to give 'even the: most .essential outlines of the igreat system of Kindergarten, In one .or two brief articles, so that a perfect under--: standing of the subject, could . be dimed at .'by those who may not be somewhat quainted with this peculiar phase of ac- educa- - The word "Kindergarten" is German, and ftieans a garden of and for children, and L Was given to this institution f by its : inven-- , orpICarlFrcderick Frpebel, an educator of, gteat renown in Germany. Hut it would be wrong to suppose that no one before him had ever thought of putting some of these principles into practice which led Froebel to the development of his beautiful system which, since its beginning, has. spread not only throughout Europe, but has also made Its benign influence felt in quite a number : " of the cities of the United States. ; Lycurgus, tiie great lawgiver of Sparta, 800 years before Jesus Christ, already i n tro duced the idea of training chileren from a very early age by play to the earnest work of life. The great philosopher Plato likei wise commended playing as a very important factor in the education of children'. The Roman Emperor Justinian, while ail games for money, replaced them by the Innocent games of motion.'' The emperor Charlemagne introduced plays ' among the Germany to civilize iliem, as did Peter the Great Jamong the Russians, and the examples of numerous other rulers, , philosophers and statesmen might be ad- - ? duced to show. how much the Importance of plays, or learning by means of plays, has been appreciated in ancienaswcll a3 in; modern times; by various nations and un- der : almost all conceivable circumstances.. And if I might be permitted to make a' practical illustration in the case of our people in these mountains, the rude habits of the majority of , our children, at least in the earlier times of their settlement here may, I think, be justly traced to their with the healthy spirit of and Judiciously selected plays, the absence of which forced them to indulgence in recreations ' of their own - unculti-- , v vated making. Some objections have been raised against the establishment of Kindergartens," among which the reproach that it supplanted natural development ;by artificial training, has been foremost. But the very generality of this crude assertion shows" the weakness of the position, inasmuch as the kindergarten is just the opposite by artificial training, aiming, as it does, solely to direct . and . senses and cultivate-thimpulses of the child and to avoid everything not In per-- , feet harmony with the . laws of nature, beauty and morality, bodily and intellectual health, and f he limited sphere of compre- - . henslon by the child. fAnd in respect to this tho testimony of the great German poet, Goethe, is perhaps not amiss for rcpe-- : tition here. "Concerning the little cuttings ' in paper which he used to indulge in when a child, guided in those plays by his mother a woman of largo intellect and rare refinement of ,rnind 'Goethe", says:.: This childish occupation an d entertainment ha3 g cultivated and increased within mo In ways the gift and power of Invention , - " for-bidi- ng : " non-acquainta- well-direct- j-y;-:- There might yet, pcrhapsjbe raised;' a ; question as to tho expediency of carrying ; out this educational plan here in our moun- - ' tain home. To which I simply reply: Let such a garden be once started by a judicious, experienced lady teacher," and its success here, as well as elsewhere, will be the best demonstration of its feasibility. ." Pea- - "Kindergarten culture," says Miss . var-lon- 000,000; Confucianism,' 80,000,000 ; Judah-is7,000,000; all other religious belief, 174,000,000; of the' Christian population of the world, 137,007,449 are assigned to Protestantism, 200,339,390 tol Roman Catholicism, rand 75,390,940 to tho Oriental church-- ; m, - body, in the preface to the "Moral Culture r of Infancy, "is the adult mind entering the v rrcbUd!3Avorj4.aridj:ai tention ds displayed in every impulse! of -spontaneous life," so directing it that the joy of success may be ensured at every step, and artistic- things; be actually produced, and conscious which gives the to discriminate huintelligence that ought man power from blind force. V i i ; . Pwill now give in outline the method ;x)f conducting the kindergarten: ) Of course, a primary consideration is the teacher: She should be a lady of very gentle manners, intellectual attainments and good taste, acquainted with music arid. drawing, t as- well as possessedy of the various domestic ac- complishmen ts which wo expect in a lady ot culti vated mtndj "so that she may be able, to d store houso of ex- meet bu t of a, periehce, the 'multifarious and continually changing demands which capricious and .: eager child hood may claim of her, and which the very nature of her calling necessince her mission is riot so much . sitates; " common . for mere as, in school where the individuality of the child becomes more or less subordinate to general rules, but rather the study of every sin. gle Jittle one destined to develop tiriderf her i care" She must therefore In the World comprising North and South America, the Roman Catholics are in tho majority having 50,931,983 of population to 36,936,900 of Protestants. es. s ? " - self-relianc-e, - : HOUSEHOLD HINTS. . sal-so- - well-fille- t'lass-tmlnin- ; g; . t the Workings of the little heart arid brainarid fingers, but understand and enter into I its sphere of thought and comprehension, closest sympathy guiding it, placing her-- ' self, as it were, not above it but alongside of it which position mast differ in many essential respects from that of the ordinary class-teache- ?t r. - . ?; Camilla 1 MO nce A C. Cobb. T FACTS AND FIGURES. The: number of postal- cards so'd last - Vi r year i3.1Q7,C15,000- , . On the British railways last year, there were 211 passengers killed and 1,981 In5 '''L Only six out of ' xrf' ;;; ;i ; ; 1G2 mills at Oldham, England, belonging to the Employers' Associ- jured.. ; " ation are working. , :;. In. fifty-nin- e years the American Bible Society has. issued:' 31,803,332 copies of the - , Bible. "-'..';- " .:y-:r-u:;- , ., A "thousand flashes of lightning were counted in an hour during the great storm on the 7th of July at Geneva, Switzerland. North America now has communication with Europe through five cables. The first was laid in 18GG; the second in 18G9; tho third in 1873; the fourth In 1874; and the last has just been completed. The booKseer3, exchange at New York closed on the 24 th, after a successful week. Nearly 500 buyers attended, and it was the largest gathering of the trade ever held in this .country; .The sales are estimated at ; $400,000. . . An Excellent Recipo fot Wasbing. 8 tbs da, 1 lb borax, 2 lbs rosin; 4 oz. salt of tartar, 3 oz. liquid ammonia. Dissolve the soda, borax and rosin in 8 quarts "of water, stand ten minutes, then add the salt ' of tartar and liquid ammonia with' eight gallons of water; use one pint to a largs ; : , . t . ed o k -- : -- , . Among tho remarkable productions of California is the Hogan family of Mendocino County . Tho father stands six feet two inches In his stockings, ono son six feet six inches, a second six. feet three and onehalf inches and a third, 6ix feet scVen Inches v Bit. Hursts "Outline History of the Church," gives the following population to tho creeds of the wrorld: Christianity, 407,-- ? 000,000; Buddhism, 340,000,000; Mohammedanism, 200,000,000; Brahmanism,' 175, I THE KINDERGARTEN. a -: ;- . .. f . It would 47 and; representation, and developed my im- agination and fancy in such a manner as it could not have been done,: perhaps, ill" any other way so effectually and "with so Jittld , :v: . a effort.'!. ; a -- v;. I , . - K S.: E X E O N E NX. j-QXA- ' washing;4'-'- - ' ; ; Vr-f--i- '4:i- - ;c ". Baked Tomatoes.Select thoroughly ripened fruit? cut them in Lhal7es: sprinkle, over the cut, half with bread crumbs; sugar salt, pepper and butter. Place them in a baking pan, cut side up- ward, arid bake in an oven for two" hours. Serve on a platter garnished with curled parsley. Besseft--Plac- o as many crackers as may be desired in saucers and cover with boiling water, When all tho water is absorbed, cover with thick cream and sugar; then place a spoonfnl of jelly in the centre of cach'and season with nutmegs. . No a nicer .dessert can be desired. Pickling Cucumbers. Wo have found that as good a Ivay; as any is to put them in salt as soon as picQed and keep them covered with tho same till ready to use. Then freshen with frequent in pure cider changes; of, water, and finally scald ' ' ' ; vinegar, tha stronger the better. ; ' ' : To make an old silk look ncwf take an old kid. 1 glove arid simmer it well in water, filling ' up if necessary. For, light silk a light glove, for dark or black silk the color b immaterial. Sponge the ' silk well with; the liquid, which wilj remove ajl creases and wrinkles, and iron on the wronj sido while damp; this will make it look fresh, smooth and glossy. Good Pastry. To seven tablcspoonfuls of flour add one heaping : tablespoonful of lard, and one Rub the flour and lard thor- teaspobnful of salt." water to Cughly together; add enough make a stiff paste; catch this lightly together with a fork; flour the paste board well; take enough of the paste for a pie, and roll it out quickly and gen- tly. Oa the top crust drop thickly little pieces . of ice-co- ld butter. . . v - .,.....,....,...-- - . . How to inake yeast powder;' Thrce; recipes. 1. Take five ounces of tartaric acid, eight ounces of of soda, and sixteen ounces' of jpotato starch; dry them all separately in a cool oven not hot enough to brown them, and mix the whole by '. a rubbing through a seive. t 2. Tike' six ounces of tartaric acid, nine ounces of soda, and nine ounces of powof dered arrow root; dry them separately as before. ' flour and dry it ; 3. Take sixteen ounces of corn well; then mix with it eight ounces of soda, and five ounces of tartaric acid. Rico flour can bo substituted for the corn flour. All baking powdera should be kept in : wide-mouth- ed botUes well corked, so as to exclude all damp. ' air an 