1 t J ? 110 WG Mt 11 X PO N E N -- . all should earnestly pray that they May be For the Exrosjjrtl WOiT ANS RECORD, -- , directed aright .lJ'-r'rr"We are all mortals and liable to make mistakes, but even the very mistakes we may make, may teach us useful lessens of a severe but practical experience, which could never have been gained by sitting down and pining because our lot in life Was cheerless i '"r? v??:: . 'ir and obscure. i We frequently hear the remark that .thrse IDLENESS AND UNREST. ?' Mrs. F; W. Oilletfe recently tklivered a sermon before the Michigan State ' Conven " : BY: BLANCHE BEECHWOOl). ''The kbaeat pangs tb wretched find, i rapture to the dreary void, .Are r - The leafless desert of the mind, The waste of feelings unemployed." ... VnfodndldJtJs tle,are a long tirnQ discerning, and others liefer arnyeutknysa I 'tThat Odd hasglyeiifus almost unlimited i'jfcv.eraaridjudgirient, v J ; - j exercise to develop our best 'and truest-tedencies, is apparent to all intelligent men and,women; - c irisa-- : ;w ;:JJ? ??;; ''?' Strapgg piafc peopfo should possess e, l ' -,',- " lere'are lrsdns who -?; s r;,-.-:?- strive fo"mako iVpacticable.f 7T 7 Another class of individuals are brought into circumstances which compel them wi thbu t; py Volition on their J6 wh part to occupy 'pdsitlotis they have neither gnice iorability to'mp- ; ? . : ; ; SucHP persons are only entitled to the re- 'silcctrfiue to1 their office, position or can confer fno' dignity upon hejrsitlon; carry no personal influence' td Aid or augment their power. -- They are Ueperidoht upon the place they hold, for Ihe respkci which 'every intelligent person slomd win independently for themselves. .iAyy iiiau uuujj poupio ure mere 'in me 1 worlU7rv;ho are fcearily sighibg away the hbursj Trailing to "know their true sphere!' in 11 fe what nature has fi Med. them for, and what will bring success if th6y enter upon - : sur-VounIng:;;- hey ' , - it ' - Undecided, fearful lest they should go below, their standardof manliness, or womanly character j haying no definite ;ideas, and waiting for some interposition of Providence to- ddvelbp'in them what God gave them reason "and sense to determine - ? - ' 't for-themselve- : . Instead of taking hold of every day du- tiesand makiti circumstances bend to them, Iji'clplming their minds by adapting iselvef tb t hQ iWotk before them, they imagine ills not what they consider most appro-- " i)riate irid let time go fcybppdrtunities for action pass, thoughts and feelings? waste, ' when tho very elements of do velopmnt,per-hap- s, are within their reach, if they would - cultivate the neglected trifles which :.every day present, while they are looking afar off, ? for, como manifestation of futtir greatnes5, and the real germ which should be cher-iih'e- d and cultivated is running to waste, or withering away in their own minds, for HTery' lack of exercise. These are usually the unhappy ones, never satisfied, pining for something. which can never be attained ' without exertion on their own part. ; IIow often do we hear tho ejaculation, If I only knew what to doP fortunate indeed for such persons as those to have so mo one in whom they bchevo. to decide for them; but how much more noble to bo ablo' to for them3elves,trustlng In God to whom v r s . ! de-ci- ia r; ! lBrainaVd de EA attained an extensive and :1 M. D., wnb has superior reputa--- l tiori as a lecturer on Physiology, is residing in NeW .York for the winter, at the residence l ;bfl)reHerice lady recen fly lectured before the students of ;rairKXineandiCfi Rev., ryAThoraas XlarlTMiv? West invested with power to Solemnize been ; for many ?arriager?rsrCIarkhast ' years an; active; Worker MWomanV Suffrage; She; Is an Fngiish iwomart of very superior intellect and attainmehtsiihas 'read much' and possesses all the advantages of fine culture. : She'is a1 ininlster of the ; : possess such a deor as gree Iht'aitlohf directs them from the first' (fawning f6t ' intelligence upon? their mlndsjand they 'seem" to fully comprehend whatUhejr .vocation ;lri life should - be, and - 1 -- ? " cranberries and;chestniits for sale' this year ; be .walks regulariy twice a weekv one mile to church ;iwlriter she takes care of herself and? lives :alone; and in all jrobabiliivili livb ten yeiarsldngen 5 ererrroatednly'orfo tlatol opgngs for something to (fatb'bccu--rytheiFtfmtq.make them feel they are in tjio ight: channel lor usewlhess, and nover bp ablo to determine for what their peculiar' capacities, gifts, or talents qualify Wilbrahani; Mass., who is 7 : of another's existence, could such women always find, the one to whom they afexon iuui, iu yiem ooeuienco ior ineir guiuipg star, or pilot through life, thejr might find things saited to their taste, but unfortunately we are not so well Arranged In this world; and oftener, perhaps, that the right person never makes his apieararice at the right time and place to aid iis, and carry - " ... our load for us. Thus woman must often bear her own burdens, without the assistance of a partner, and she ought to ' be fully compe-- , tent by every preparation possible, and should kind fate even be Jso indulgent as to accord to her a husband who will think and act for her, she will then be doubly-guardeknowin? she is capable of Drotft- - , jof jy..-'.- " years old, fathered bushels 'of ninety-On- e arid-summe- were created for make good wiveSf because they have bou ndless capaci ty for affection, and will love, honor and obey, looking up with feelings ef reverence, and most truly submissive to the advice and counsel of ' their lord and master. r,...'. ; Granting this to bo true In ,'part,. that girls who have no definite conceptions; Chey n , ; ...women 'who',n&v.eiee To Jaiow how to dispose of the faculties God hai' assigned us, is one of the wisest univerllsts. MRS.;RIceJ 1 r ,. " tion or ; ,:'.-:"Y"- ? ; 1 uesn! yictoriii.fplibwed," the remains of johV Br6ri,;, father of her faithful : Ije'L 'and-- the' Prin-- . jraye.She' cess :;ieatrice returned ; to the housev after the hearse had departed for the grave-yarand helped to comfort the bereaved widow. body-serVan'.- tq , i d, d, ing herself and having still another guardian in him.? But, kind reader.- - this Is ohl v oW view of the picturey-rther- e, are many other 7 shades and touches, blondlngs and miriglings nf and some of them are yiearfully di jnliJ, and dark but let every wbihan' do ior herself; all that is possible, In thinking and in developing every "attribute "of G6d-givgrace and wisdom; and ' they cap help the future growth and' iricreaso " :v i ? of light and truth. . ........... .... Young iadles do hotcontdnt-yourselve- s with nonsense, see to it that you accomplish something creditable, which you can look back upon with a consciousness of having fulfilled a duty. What if it does not seem the most pleasant; and what if others indulge in idlenesshhd froth? You are so much their superior, whether the world acknowledge it or not;. He.who understands the motives of all hearts will riot 'forget it when He makes up his jewels. ? - , . Da not . bury Your talent in a napkinj but improyo upon it, and you will bo honored not alone here, but hereafter. v " ( '? In the path way of life1 there are thorns and thisUes, but they are necessary for the protection of the finer arid moro delicate blossoms and perfumes; only bo careful to handle them wisely, and some of tho most practical lessons may be learned from them. The sincerity and earnestness of your life will be a surer passport to happiness than any other. Those who take hold of the most difficult labor, usually evince the m03t courage, and develop the highest powers. The unhappy and unsatisfied ones are those who never do anything; but murmur against their circumstances. , By and by the roses will fall, the violets wither, and the winter of their hopes will 'come, arid good.' seed all is over; but for those who have1 preserved and treasured up the good seeds of wisdom and knowledge, seasoned with experience, there will be a plentiful harvest of flowers in tho future. ?'? ' . t ; en as-sure- dly 1 , . , - , i , ' -- - - thenrif-thejrhave-sownr- no S. L. City, Nov. 25, 1875. SPLINTERS, . . t iQEKERAIi. ' 1 Messrs D. Appleton & Co. have presented the public library at Havorhill, Mass.; with 450 vbluiries, valued at $I',200.li;uNavIga-- f Ion has beeri - closed fal 1 Chicago, tho tice is so very h ea vy . . ... .Cathedral of the "Holy! Gro53 iit Boston the largest Catholic Church ih the country, was dedicated Dec' 8th, With . greatriipahd eeremohyil5hegamhiing houses in Cincinnati have been closed, by the authorities.. ....Revivals are .very lively in :philadelphia,, under Moody and Banker's (nilice..i..;.Three men were accidentally .killed Mi (he main bu ild ing of th e Ce n ten-ni- a building at Philadelphia recently...; The iirize Doem at the Cambridtro Univer sity this year; is to be, written upon the Cen- - - joauxjLHuvisuu u oaiu i,uv mo -- u jpur, cciu larger thaii lastVyeaf...i A cbriipany;of negro min- utt? jxiccviijg, yvitu grpi success m ani their efjtertalrimeti Aid Societv in New York has llis- -t- ributed Within theiast 23 years 1,387,509. ? - J7- - T 7 r'T PE B "503T AI , ? ( r ;-- ? .;- ,. - -.- 1 ;"Vllliani: B. Astbr,' rprbbably tho most wealthy 'citizen of Arnericii. died in- - New ; York KoV. 24th Aged; 85 years.;v.M; Th lers 43 eugngvu in wnung nis jmiiosopnicai work entitled 'Man and Matter". .....Rev. Dr. Lord of Buffalo, proposes to will- his Valuable library to the city of Buffalo.... .. Gen.f Vi S. Vana n twerp of the U. S; Army, died at his daughter's residence," Prince Gbbrge'e-Co- ., Md.,i Dec 8th, aged 86..... Captain liOonard Buell was fatally shot on board! his vessel "dn, Dec 7th...... Gen. Bab-- ' cock has eono to Ohicastrto attend the court of inquiry implicating him......Mr JX- E. wooli ; of iJoston, has written a comic opera In: two acts, music and words, entitlod "A ?Core for Lovo,....Tho Rev. Dr. Sprague of Albany has presented to the New York State library 8,000 hUtorlcaj and miscella- - : - , : 