W 9 M A K T S E XT 0 N E'N T ? 78 For the ExrosbfT. 'V the United Order, for hats; made and furnished $23,78; credit on the books of the St George Tithing Office $75,75; amount due the Society for goods sold $50; donated to Indians in clothing, 75,75; We have also one share in the (operatiye stored :.r The reading was followed byr'BrV'Siiqw: advising the Teachers ttf 'seee wants of the'DeedanBfci?' 2est'6bmi;drie :. What a comprehensive 'meaning it conveys; if we wonid always keeD tnis oeiore our minas. we would accomplish many things that 'we tlo not btherwise'r If vo try per3eringlv;J T '' av;ut4, uciuio ,ua iiiaiJj.' iiuiua ,iuiuga which' seem hard to - do. when If we will i?o to work with a tryinsr spirit arid ' a prayerful heart to God and ask him to help , need be; arid trust to bur Heavetily ! Fatlief ? for more;' He was followed by Ar MdMl! son on the same subject, whenypresidcnt Snow5 proposed the calliogrof HoriVdllissIon f ariei from the members of theySoeiety whol i' should hold meetings ln St (Jeorge kijd rviVl? - K , ing to ao an tnmgs tnat are requirea or us in tho kingdom of God. we will never fal-- : ter.If we find It hard to keep any cove--'' - i roll numbers I Will add that our ' dreifonrteen ' ; Lord will help those who help themselves." " P.v$.t-4-tio- f A light heart. S. L. City. two 1 . ; . t" J oraer ouiorcnjios. At other times have written a' lengthy articieV and after .having , 'WS mind, thatthis wilt tftf, ifJlnVrii'tfnd?Knae' for it;" but? there Tsri ariyparifcular ' own ; itM$,i3nbtion' passea througn all- these trymg circumstan. ces, J have almost Tesolved in my owii'mind to write rio rhore, but to select somevbccupa-- : - J - tion i better adapted- - to my temperament, ' Whit'li mv.mother often tells v mbis veryf4 . - -- : ' ? - support. Gkaiiam. , 41 j George, Sept. I9thfS75.:Lj" SisteK'E. R. Sxow; "yJ Minute3 of the Annual Meeting of the St ; , - George Relief Society held August 75. After the usual exercises a reiwrt of I the business of the past year was read as follows. Donations received by the Visit- ing Teachers, consisting mostly of clothing and remnants $85,00, cash, $6,55; disbursed to the destitute in medicine, groceries' and clothing for tho living, and burial for the -dead 10,75; $100 has, been donated to the' Temple building at this place, being mostly orders on the Tithing Office received - from -brethren as payment for socks bedding and work; done. 57 pairs of socks ,havo also r i ' been knitted for the same purpose. Last year, $100 was also donated, mostly iu clothing and bedding for laborers on the Temple. ;. . On hand now in tho Treasury, in goods and manufactured articles $135. In Capl-tf- il Stock in the Eio Virgin M. Co, $150; in capitnl stock in the St George Branch of 31st, IS- - ! , -- : ' a v : , , ;. t ; ' ' Nicholas ' a throng. After making up her mind toen-gag- o in this work she concluded she must prepare herself by study like the other sex; she applied first to the Congregational semi- -' nnrics (rvhich wai her own cliurclV) tlicii to .. .r: .. - vvho hieartsr io'gether...:. , i r j: As, fortune often hides, under j a the n i " : - mean-- ': j'ft trades in life the greatest jvirtues, so are- liic greatest geniuses found frequently lodg- r ed by.jiaturtin,the most deformed .and mis: ... r i : shaperijbwlies. ; y It is a good and safe rule to sojourn in every place as Jf youijmeant tor spend your l ; , j ? . n ! i r- - i r iiiiiii in .iih v iniiuiri iiiiii i u doing a kindness prjsi(iakrig a true vor4or ... making a friend."; Seeds ihijs jsowri'. by ihpi wayside often' briber forth an Abundant har-.- .- . : : j ihat whinh Ia nnst. and that which is tq come, a wish. p(imnn?pd!nf twn tMrti a klreariijr :It is never too late with us;Bolon as wd ; Miss Annie Oliver, tho girl prcacher, of whom much has been said and written re- -' centlivwas born in New York and graduat- cd at Rutgers Female College. She says ' she preaches because she loves to, and bo- cause she feels she has been called to: the ministry. Ia the crusade against liquor - in Ohio she commenced at the Temperance as she says, to talk to knots of meetings men and soon gained confidenco to address :'r - does a ba8Q thine? in' zeal for liis friend burns the goden thead that ties their ::" Miss Bessie Eggiesfield,: a young lady law student, was permitted to practice in the Circuit Court at Terro Haute, (Ind,) 8th ult j The "airy, fairy Lllan,, V enshrined : ia verse by Tennyson, is now Mrs. Ra wiiesley? and the happy mother of seven children. A :MksI Gouldi the founder of . the" italio American school at Rome, is dead. Her rei mams cave oeen forwarded to America.; Mrs. Mary Mapes Dodge has returned home from her summeriner in the1 Arllrnri- dacks with her health' entirely restored. She has resumed her editorial duties on the " , , He ,.A 'Miss Charlotte Cushmari is said: to be : so feeble as to require constant assistance and '! fr ' . f Hare. WOMANS ItECORD. -- TuE sou it ihaVsufTers is s t rori ger: than tho that rejoicesVElizabeth Shepherd." , Mas y actions, like. : tho Bhpno, have two sources one pure; the other impu -- iSJ. , S. A. fomfJtrfhe se n tences co hnnrtftS v mi n n v tvj r tfonl-- i r k j ec 1. i Many; and! Imaii , a time' 'have. I sat down,' wih j pent ink and papery resolving thnt fhla fltno., T will fmrriin arttnnt Kinn t 1 r.: . ' . " " v. n; '."...J:-waiKea me cjaviour us in. iet try to live our religion and do all things with a cheerful spirit and we will feel happy and carry a it. it Is almost impossible to obtairi a suitable title1 foFrriy jproductioris: Who will: wonder 'J then; that after having" ! - I am subject to sueli strange flights of fancy 4 meeting of epfember 17thjy ur I atn" siir'l'yefied'hlar 4 read it carefully; decide - , : ! " -- 1 : mosf'pf .thiHqmeiionarieirtwpresi entand bore faithful testimonies to tho truth' o i of the; work in which we are engaged as-- k Latter-da- y Saints, and expressed gratitude" for the organization of these meetirigsJiii '.''n.: ;K.ThQ;..follow.iog ;0filders.7 were r sustained: Anna L Ivins, President: Hannali E.t Cros? by, First Counselor; Minerva Snow, Second f Counselor; Hannah iQ. Perkins, President ' of Teachers; Sarah A. Church,: Treasurer; ' ' Caroline A. Jackson, Secretary. ' lirtkdfefes 1'Wa& 'K(tti S JSecy.St.Gerge:R;ieVv 2 - -" has proven aa fallible, as jaji former fiforisj;:c before I have written two Jines on , my, sub- lOlf T Tinn rnirci.il f a Knnnlnoo iiMnlAiiB H labyrjntH ?pf i(lea7 w , some of my xq ? It is an old saying but a true one; that "the jwnV Par the iSxromcW . hun-- . two ' rrieriibers; the! average uuiuuci m uneuuituut; ' ueiu iruui luiny. io' fiftyiri ?siimmer, more id winter,' T ! I reiriairi your Sister in the GospJ --- GAltOLINE AAXIKSON ' .'.?7f. r -- 1 t : " . 1 ' and ask the Lord to help U3, arid it new thiswith a humble hoart wo will have : differ-:t ' vigor and feel astonished to see the ence Id placing confidence In God to guide us aright.I: ''God's ways ate riot' our ways ; but we ought always to bo willing to bring", ourselves into subjection to His will arid we-will i 'come, off conquerors at the last if ;wer frtr'fho hTaccfrinra rf fSnil ' will tnem for (iod Is just and He will give us What we merit, can we ask for any more? No. not with a clear conscience;then it behooves ua iu Keep waicn ior ine Kingaom or uoa and travel with it, for it is hard to catch up if we get behind, and if we get too far back: we will never attain the same position for the kingdom of God is growing and will not wait for U3, and those who persevere will leave us'behind them."' Let onward be our mottoiiiving uprightly before our Heavenly Father, doing our duty as His children and setting an example before the world that it can be said of us, the Latter-da- y Saints are The following Sisters were ; nairiled' and zie Calkins, Marietta Calkins, iAnriie Wood- bury Hannah. Nixon, Sarah A. Church and Matilda C. McArthur. ; H Holl called arid Benediction b Jessia 'VV. we J do Wnrk ' r" "Ivins,;. Harmah E. Crosby, Mjner va Sri o w then if we want a complete salvation in the klngdorii of God, let us try to do all things; in compliance with His will;- for we ' will nover get what we do not work for. 'i lfiwe 1 might suffer, aridUrgedtKe' IPresW : learn and wo ""think onr task is hard,: wo must nut awa v ail doubts and UnM with1 a pe rso vering spiri t until we have accomplish- - th e Presby terian but tfi ey VS re - all too d i nifled arid'dxclusive: She says'sh applied to fourteen in all; at last Bhe found a iinivef-' sity in Bost6n which accepted heras-a?stu-- .: dent. Oberliu College allowed her td study ithe;languages, and the professoraishe: sayg' fhought they were idoinia treat thi h ec aqd ;Said no oth er;ch u rch would do - a ; ; are oiiu tiwuic ut'uur jautu uuu uou tiiiriu impatiently so long a3 aspirations eager for1. V - stir within us. i I know of. buf im beautiful things: thev conquest . ' starry, heavens above my head,5 arid the sense' .f; of duty iwithin my hearts-Ken- t;''; They who" art; most weary of life, and are most unwilling tx die, are such as.havo lived to rno purpose who , have, rather . . , -- breathed than lived The value ! f tho estate of tho lato .oxv; President Johnson proves to be about $175;- - 