1MB WOMAN'S EXPONENT.- 90 The meeting of the Senior and Junior tanoratlvo Retrenchment Association held f n thft Pnnrfpftnth Assembly Rooms." Oct 30th, 1875, was largely attended. The 8Uiera:Tyera.-spirIte- -- d andearnes? am thankful that we have the opportunity of addressing you througb the Exponent, for in no other way conld wo so eifectually reach so many hearts, and. -extend sonvidenlnfl Mv sisters. Intheir-remar- . :6mlthlm& -- narth coming to Zibn to Durchasor the Jmest fabrics,' fbrthey would be manufactured byj iuo Dam 13. Mrs. W. East pave a sort of farewell testi the 3isterS previpus togolngasi mony; with her husband upon : his mission; jsald, she had President Young's permIssi6nto cohipany him asTJ a missionary; She' hadf promised: the fcord I f HeShould glye;;her a testimony of this Gospel, and of plural mar riage she would bear a faithful (testimony, tp others.1 Her prayer was answered; and this would, bo ;au opportunity: to faithfully; lier obligation, to' "her Heavenly ilather Several lotherIsteispbkejRiiot. the diversity, of spirits which actuate dlfr ferent persons was apparent; .but tho President, Mrs; M. I;' Horned 'manifested' gfeat caution and wisdom, "and all must" have understood the Spirit of God was the prevail-in- g i n power1 V 4 f ,V ;::Balt .v 'l- Ike vu i-- ' City, Nov. 10th , . f eultivatediandT 1 . . . Ml - II AND FIGURES. widen ikihdohiifidgV.at a cost of 55,000; :a, - :":; ' ;TnE.Lake Superior mines since 1856. have j yleldejdearlyOOOjOOO tons of ;Ir6n.-vii.ci:: :" - DEAt letters'' : yield $4,000 peranrium ! to the post-offiDepartment as wastepaper" v'! V5 fj5: The Xondon police have he names of, II 7,000. "hjablt'dal criminals on the register. Tile corn J crop of Iowa is estimated ffor l i this year .to bo 130,000,000 bushels Louisiana's last orange crop amounted to 16,250,000, and realized a net profit of48 i0,- - I . : j , ce i vl i ! , ? ? -- After the supper' wasToyexy tho gentlemen, of 4tho Deacon's Quorunx-presentepur As- - , sociatloh with' a Handsomeiy. bound Record j or' Hlnute bckaftcr .which illr enjoyed; themselves In the amusements' of tho "dance,-Which the youngmcn had arranged'toflnlsh upltrithV VA good spirit prevailed." r.' V . ; ; Very; respectfully V ; J Pierce, Pros t.V-;:- T ? : ; f fi ' : ' 'K : ; .- ... i . i.i jti'J ; . i - .. . .. . . . . f . , Odd .FelloVk HallVirginia City, recently is to: to rebuilt at a coit bf $30,- burnt down, . i.ahl:i-.- 000vr.-fhj.-jr- . -- ' v, ' I ; It Is proposed to was arranged v in the meeting "house, on two .large; tables reaching from one .end Vol the hall- to tho other. J Although flowers were scarcethe; tables were beautifully, decorated with-- ! all', kinds of lovely fall flowers, whlchYadded! greatly to the enjoyment oft tie feast, thanks' to.the committee on bouquets.' Among the lnvltejd; guests; wero .the bishop - and his counselors, the; Heads ;6f jthe Relle( Society,, ' and the Deacons Quorum of young f men. y.'-''I- - ; n hgraduated ,: 5 presidents pCrcoiles,i3111ege-profes3ors9 members of Congress, 28 doctors of d ivin-itand 16 doctors OFlaw;--- ! J : v...i y, 1 ... PR AYER. JVVORKS All i);f jPAITll, 1 , It is not enough, dear girls,i .that we rpray at least three times a day upon Our bended ; knees, and almost constantly in our hearts. If this alone-WOu-ld savcvUS, .we might all be saved too easily.- - If this alone would exalt us In the rpternal vprldr ,tho : exaltation would be bf 'too little worth; It Is indeed -one of the greatest blessings, .that we niay apply to the Almighty for aid in ail four duties, and, feel the sweet assurance": thalHe will heir "and helpus. ; Bupwilirup do for us whafHe has giyed us i.powsKfo'jdo-- ' fpr pursf lyes. Itwould be jutterly ;useless; 1 fOjp'iXppeiirii. and sultenance weree' ;tpitidly down t While in good heatth and able tb 'work fpr our5 pwn f.4tQ .eua)ly;'ab; livings; , 8ur4;fbr;tisto pra for thepst; and tlie glory which t the faithful Saints', arpj to ' receive, uhle$i.we;aWfJik6;Uien pod and as-- , 8ist in;priparihg he IGngdpm in which we'.' ,we' "work , hope to flnd ihheritancel fpr satyation earnestly; and OntinuaHy, ytQ will bp disappointed if .weipect to gain 1 The prayer of fti th ever availeth much; but, if jWelliave faUed n an, particular to keep; the law of thelkrd, It is Impossible mrjuK to approach Him and ask favors at his hand In perfect faith ..W4 TknQWj thatt3Bfp - Veyer mercifdl totichtmbi'e jsp fhanfhoenderest earthl parehthencp, we.'.ventufetOj ask , for;;a"iontinuatipe of, Hi3; Ieslpgs,yen wfll : vhcn we know we, hayo not'dbne in'ali' respects.,;' But hpw much more" faith Itould r . 1 ; called a ; Emile. S. L. tity;N6v.ao?1875.-- r V ; lie tbif:certa only said that either, he or:tho colonel had told a lie, and that I was sure it wasn't the Cobly University, ;whlchf : j - ef on equal terms with - i The .Tenth Ward Retrench men t Associa-- 1 tioa .isin a. prosperous condition at present,; and the youngl ladiesa who u attend t take at lively interest. In the meetings although am sorry, to .say, the' averagol attendance is small comparcctwlth the dumber, of mamas' enrolled, but those who do attend are"; ?ilive to their duties andr seem" .to f have a deter-- j mlnation to improve' their minds. t; At our little meetings we read essays and selections from good books and papers; tho Exponent Is a welcome visitor among, us and many spicy bits are rcad from it. Aye have a Theological Class" organized, composed of the members of our Association, wo meet on roridayeyenlngs and read chapters frorn the Bible, ' ook .of. Mora and .Cvenanfa;, this class pvesf a great benefit to the Association, for weJcanV, speak? upon' and quote from, the chapters read-- A few weeks ago the. glrwjprepiredhaV rb, - questioned-wheth- coloneL 1 !:.; 1875. hen a young1 Irish officer, he had not given-th- e court-marti- al, ; Mt vi-v- At a. ? guided to make it a practical benefit to4 its possessor, but more especially to be used for the universal good of renovating the human family. When so much! depends uponvo- man, how careful each sister should bo to sustain each other; and hereinliesono great and essential itemfor slander and backbit-- 1 ing and all their consequences must be done away; with, ere peace and union din exist; and perfect, confidence be established In tho hearts of all who would combine together to r:: i . w ;3tb work in unison, n i Words will avail little if the: i heart Is not interested, we may say we will i not do any-ev-il, but unless we watch as well as pray,1 and keep the Holy; Spirit in our hearts, we aro in continual danger of being overcome; for Satan is always ready to suggest some--J thingand many spirits and influences are" abroad in the world that are as catching as disease, and therefore wo need be continu-- 1 x)ur thoughls,ou ally watching our wbrds, actions, lest wo drink- in from an impure" fountain, instead of the clear, living waters J of the Gospel of salvation.. Be careful not to partake of the spirit and influence of those whose faith has become darkened; I know that many say they arenot afraidthey are strongly fortified, nothing ever, shakes their faith; but the'Sayipur said, f"lIe'tJ him "'who thinks he standeth take' heed lest he fall" Al ;J?k v ! go 'l- by 1,800 names, 2,200J of pears, 200 of cherries, 150 of plums, 300 of our native grapes, 50 of currants, 80 of raspberries, and 30 of blackberriesi according to ai' count! ngup of somebody surely wef fihalliprevalliaThe has begun, 13 not goihg fo bo arf ested7 in tits" progress;! tho Lordiwill t mark but our path, woman?should-be-careful- ly 'P 4 itME1are12:700 varieties o? applesTknow our efforts f ; worp i careful to move i n th e; properchanneland: strengthen; comfor,t ind build t up each other. viNone need be' afraid of lack. of ; opportunity, to assist in this great undertaking everyfecuityjibestowedlupoj 1 -' three to fourtmlllionsiof dollars to fraudo- - us our work, lie will guide Ilq will show 1 t ' 4 of the Pension Boreau states thatrecdnt disclosures convince him - be'accpted; sh .'.,-- -- The commissioner household of: failhtThe: time4 has come; now. when woman cani bear an activein assisting the building up and establishing If union and a of the kingdom of God concentration , of effort u ran ,t bo eflect ual, fc f- . tively; iaiiew'bf ahoiistersfUIie-grea- ? i , speaklrigofteh to "one another In oursocieties, butTtheu'Wecan oniy reacn, compara t Snow-inform- ed dls-char- 1 of Texas Is now 350,000 Theverage cost of the schools per pupil is $1.56 "a month. "TT thatjth .aleht claimants of pensions. ?, r We allhave the opporfupityigiveni usof r - ks many subjects of Interest being brought before the meeting. Miss E. R: ' the sisters thatrthejrwould ' have the opportunity; of representing them- selves at the Centennial, next year. It was to be a national; affair, and not a religious onei "and evpfy tcredltablef sj&lmenof home-worfrom a .collar, to a carpet would i It is estimated that the school, population WOSTAK'S VOICE. REPORTS. Xt. J3. - The public walks ' "and : ,; "A, gardens in Paris', cost the municipality about 22,000,000 francs ' 'ZZ" ':;": fa ycar.T,T.:-T . we migh t haVe if ye ;kej tall, "the Vdhimand ments; inil 'suflerd ndtur hearts Jto.bp led ; awayfrom. ouf, true t'andl safest" Friend at anyjinie. ; Hp inuch 'more confidence; we shoulpT hayo jin asking, If .we' ilyed each day and hour in amanner that; would give us..; implicit assurance that We fwerd worthy to receive the blessings we want, , ;; C attend , Wo must carefully and promptly; to our prayers that the good Spirit may love and aWdejvlth;us;".wjpmust work diligently, : " ahdVaroestfythatouy'falli and that nothing may stand between lis and our.God In the ,way' of pur, receiving the gifts and blessings that are for us.' Thus may . we obtain salvation and an exaltation in the ' - .;.:, Celestial Kingdom. ' , , ; 4 : " . ; KAUD LILY. .. 