mmmmmu'mn.immmm,-,,- For lho Expoweot. i , ' MORTAL AND IMMORTAL ELEMENTS TY' OF THE HUMAN BODY. TO THE BE3 A rJIILOSOPJnt'AL OIUKCTiON f: '4, 1.1 uiieectjon; ;R'pyED;J ;".. ; V v - .- .- jt ; 1 ; ; - our-fut- ure? - 2 , ; ? u of life or inanimate, matfer,4s gov r whether laws erned by particularly; , adapted tofljhe in peculiarities of its own identity, and reg. ular'gradation from thcmaUest atprft ; and the most diminutive animalcule to the highf est Intelligence above,' and all,i wheth&r to different localities or interming' in ling in countless varieties all j operating ;? "harmony, and not interfering with, or r; ;;: on each other, r Just so tar as those laws are developednat-to our understandings we pronounce them" ural principles; and what, with us constitute a miracle, ; is nothing more nor Iess "than our ignorance of the process ot Lw.by which the result is produced: for instance, when our Savior in Cana of Galilee, chang-- i ed water into wine, it is evident that he 1 res-passi- ng ; . manufactured the wine through the agency of chemical laws of a higher order than those taught in the schools,' hence the peo-p- ie were tilled j with astouishment, for to theyj them, the performance was a mimcle, laws theJ probably being as Ignorant ,;of as through which tho result wasv obtained, of wo now are ebnceirninthe; resurrection, ; ana reorganizing, Deing perpetually cnang-in- g and in motion-- - whilo the,4 disembodied the spirit is assoeiatihg in tee'QrldsiatJov.el ' "the ; pfecipus germ of an pure" spbstance 0 immortal taDernacle, th jevl 'casket; of nlbfherft Barth, quietly ... sleeps in'.' the bosom' tl V "" dcpotibn : 11 , t co-operat- ing sub-divid- ed : . i , , ,'''" ' .m luf - -- IuiiA separated. The jSarth also; combines ;i fpres6n t organization both' of the :above' riientioned classes of elements; and;;as well as man;will yet experience a process of puriffcatioh' be- fore it can become the habitation ahd verimmor . lasting inheritance of resurrected, tal, ipmbdied Intelligences.1 The elements shall melt with ;feWent heat.Afterhav- ..t ing. passed the purifying'ordeal, of fire, and having been cleansed from all combustible .and volatilp properties, the earth i will pass jfrpm itsLpreseijt prbt, tplhelppsjitipn, among the creations of Gcdfro) whichiit has fall en in I consequence pf3 man transgression; ttWAVyl f4- t AM tWl nH it. f ttl AH auu Win litni iiia t jjicuiuuuu uif uui liicu oayiui bo fully realized "The meek shall inherit 1 5 . . J 1 i . ', , r be gross, divisable aud trlrislferablematter. apa tnis removes every rauwai uujwuu against the reunion of bqdyf andHi5pirit,j based on the incontrovertible laws of nature? ofr.the pertaining to the body, and the subsequent trarisfbrmations and reproductions of the material .Hwhich it was composed. These are ssubstances; borrowed for this probationary use to sub--j serve the necessities of this mortal exist--; ence to render us tangible to gross ;'tangi- our bodbiiity, and for which, after death; ' " ;r: : r ies will have no further use. As soon as the sntrlt leaves the' body and before nature's great work of de- frequently w n il AAnitnii ro fl ill! COmpOSlllOu COllllueucua, auu tuuuuuco til every, particle of gross, volatile matter is disengaged and by natural laws of affinity; with oth-- i passes, into other formsicombining ' or substances;, through an infinitude" of in aii" endless ya-- r changes; and riety of reproductions: as; for,; iristance, .the grass that grows over the grave incorporates a ;'portion of thegross substance ' escaping ; from the decaying ; body beneath: ihef cciw,1 ' the sheep and the gooki . devour the gras which; through Ihonatural laws Qf nourish-- ! ment produces fleshpeople eat the fleshf of ' the oW( sheepi.'and goose; and thus we may trace the' same identical matter, perhaps info infinitesimal divided and of hu-- ; particles and passing Into every-forman, brutal, Insect vegetable and1 atmospheric existence going oh wardfYonr generation to generation. But thanks to God for jthe key t which; solves tho mystery. Every organized human body, independent of the spirit; (which is a scpirato organization) Is composed of.' two distinct grades or classes of matter; and In such mutual combination as to' servo, lho purposes of this lower exTa1cmTe';'Ond is . clogged, with gross substances.t VWbile the gross pbrfibn is disorganizing cordah Willi the highe (dej thor Celestial law. shall rounite withfthe joyousspifit filled with eternal Intelligence no more to ? . i ( 1 of the body is tindepeudent yof - j . 1 s' -- al - ? the relbrganizing of the human bodywo, are in possession of a very . important and beautiful principle whicK pour3 .;a flood of a heretofore light'Into the inhrmnnnt?ihlG difficulty, and disarms infi res- -, delity of its strongest plea against the urrectibn; andputs impossibility to silence. resur-rwtio- n By this we are instructed that tho all . : im-mort- 1 In relation to the objections urged against :. . f" ; " -- to change' andt decay 'groH7vbTatilesubject - 'f through kprScarious'unionpf earth',, air," fire tb mor'; sight and and wateri-tangib- le touch, and subject to all the laws of decom- position. v; The other is pure 'ihyjslble in- - ' 7 tangible and capable of resisting 'every )av. This; yhen of infraction or -- dissblnbiniy. itte fipirit leaves thebpdy,re - never being incorporated vvithj other'1 bodies mdterial or substanceis. Thfs is th that will bo resurrected in perfect form, and - compose the immortal tabernacle of the f?':li spirit. ; w's ..: i beresurrected Jt is well understood that ings are Jnyisibleio these gross organs of sight except when 4hey are j quickened by .immortal j yision;uthat if the. jdead; Were brought forth: withiUiViewingiistance of us wo should net see theml :! ;Why: not?: ,The ! resurrected body c being ucpmppsecl 7 pj th is pure material can only be seen Jby prgans ,of : sight formed by the same pure , matter, iin-' i , ; . 1 , - ed asf-sign- , . ' ; mind-obviafe- y , . This article was jmbflshed in No. 13; . vol. Jias been so 2 of tho ExroNEKiybut as often called for we have decided to repub- - v lislf it. :. Both strangers arid" &aintstbavo been much interested in the .explanations made iii it concerning the future disposal of tho elements composing tho.rnateriaUdy. Tho subject of the resurrection of the dead; although of inexpressible 'interest to all' of the human family, is very little understood by man in tho flesh, and will not bo explained until he who holds the keys pertaining to It for this dispensation,'; shall develop its principles. Although we cannot penelrato the cloud of obscurity Which envelops this subject; knowing; as we do, that death 13 certain, it is natural that 'we should enquire in tho . depths of our souls What arid where is Who that does not! altogether igidea nore tho of a resurrection of the body, but experiences at times, a bewilderment of r v; thought concerning it Realizing that, in accordance with established laws of nature, the substances which now compose these bodies of ours, will,' after death; become identified parts of innumerable other human bodies, also be incorporated into the bodies of. beasts, insects, fowls fcc. and through them bequeathed to others; tho question; naturally arises, How can they bo again restored to us? And, if restored to us, ; from what source will the deficiency :be supplied to other bodies?" ; This is a problem which neither the rules of science nor. tho wisdom of man unaided by revelation, can solve a problem which infidelity very plausibly applies as a settled re fu tatiori to the doctri ne p f the resurrection rone in which tho worldly, wise phi losopher finds a palpable inconsistericy and one .wnicu in.tiio face; of sound reason amounts to the impossibilify. of. a reorganization of a human body: for what reflecting mind doesnot see that the, laws of nature which apply to the decomposition of tho elements which constitut6 the living body, precludo a possibility of the same material being restored, at one and the same time, to all bodies of which it has comprised compo- ,Y nenf parts in millions of instances, at differ- f onetimes; and, believing God Jo bo a con'jus,tent Boingi and 'acting in accordance with eternal, .unchanging laws, and ad mittl ng ;V j' that fhcse laws are liannonlous that Vf he u higher operate in cons .riover antagonistic to those of a lower order, it is a matter of surprise that thinking people of a highly intelligent class, in' many instances,' yield to infidelity and adopt the humiliating conclusion that (he resurrection is only a phantom of tho.brain: while others, with littlo or no reflection, content themselves by admitting; yiat, "with God all things are possible," without questioning iii what manner, or by what means the ire- ' x suit will be efftcted.'His communications to, and the dealings of God with man, so far as. they are made known to us, are characterized as thbso or an intelligent Being convebing and dealing with intelligent beings of tho samb order, ; but in a vastly lower state of development. ; In His works, order is every, where strikingly apparent, and wo find law, or "rather cidesof hw regulating and govern ingnot ,.-- ., . ? . : : also" every every department of life,but - grade and variety of matter, rrum i smallest speck that glitters and, dances in the bright sunshine, to the glowing galaxy above us, representing system on system of worlds in the mighty : distancet torder is everywhere manifest :Each department, Only v 7,.-- r liV MIS3 BLIZ A Ii. SNOW. V i . E XP ONEXT. WOMAN'S . , . , ' 1 jr3 tneeartn.". i 1 S .V,i ,'.,t, 'SEPARATE 11 XX POCICET-BOOK- S: ' i ' - if r s Husbands and wiyds are iiotohe :ihr any such sense as to obviatd the necessity,1 or at . least the proprietyof each' having ii purse with money In it that each shall feel' free to use as he or she chooses Tastes differ, and it is not fair that men or women shall be re' ! ' quired entirely. toiibordinate" their wishes in trifling matters-t- o those of the oth- er part If they choosoUoridd' so, Jewell and good. - Such deference to the opinions of a, husband by ""(the "wife is all the more boQpmlng. when known-- ,, to be Voluntary and-no- t compulsory. A wife often wishes to give money in charity, and , she- - may sometimes like to make ar pleasant; surprise for her husband in the 'shape of 'some1 appropriate present. How canrsho do this irsho j has to go to hrm 'and Explain in detail 'Svlmt money 8he needs' andVbatf use she proposes to make of it?" In bestowing charity,' we are told not to let the left hand1 know what the righthand giveth; but hov is this precept to bo fulfilled by1 the thousands of women who are the "right handof .so. many households in works ofj charity whero vthe left, hahd,', their; husbarlds, ; keei alt the money ? . A lady, evidently a former's wife, in the writes, very sensibly', pn IhiVfopic ' Western Ruralt as follows: 7'. Y, womati1 ought fd:liaVo' her own ? . : ' ". '-"- Every ! 