. -, . ' .. ... .., Jr ,. . 7. r ...... - .. ' -. " i' ' drink tea because it will make them black, whilo you continue to use it daily, Your example is more to them than pretext; and while your face is as fair as a June morning d tale. they will scarcely credit the beverive Either up drinking the pleasant ' " " . .. ence others for good, "earnestly praying for the Spirit of the Lord to guide our efforts, " wq may become as it were enveloped in a mantle which will protect us from contact with evil, and give 1 us power over those with whom we may bo associated, v ' age or give your children a ''better reason for Praying God to bless you, and all the V its non-usfaithful; Iubscri beniiysel f, - Yours in the Gospel, " Don't tell them they must not eat sugar ? ; M. Stand ring. or sweetmeats, because it will rot their 7 teeth. Pure sugar does not cause the teeth to decay, and sugar with fruits is nutritious The First Annual Meeting of the First and healthy, notwithstanding the "old saw" Ward Young Ladies Retrenchment Assoto the contrary. The case of city children ciation held in the School House of that r is often cited as if their cause of the" pale Ward, Apr. 2. 1875. ifacea and slight constitutionslver an oyer TheJ'residentand ladies of the Society amount of sweetmeats wiUi their actual tendered an invitation and conveyance ' to cause is want of pure air and proper exer- the President and Counselors of the Senior R. A and somoothpr Presidents nhdriffinVVrji cise. B.N. Y. ;?' or Societies. Mrs. M. I. Horrie, Mrs. Zina I). Young, Mrs. Phebe Wood ruff, Mrs. Rachel R. Grant and; others were present at CORRESPONDENCE thraeetirig and spoke upon subjects per-tn i ng to t he progress of t ho Society and :SaltLake CiTYpriLSliiJSTo . s. - . ; - LITTLE FOLKS. " -- oft-tol- v , e. . - ai Editor Exponent: Home Industries. The Bishop manifested the warmest inMy remarks at the meeting, March 6th 1875, concerning the St. George Temple, terest in the movements being made, and ' were misunderstood. everything was pleasant, except the weathy unfavorable; however It should read: The last rock to make it er, which ready for the roof; and after the roof is put there was a crowded house, which proves cords of red rock will be that all "are not asleep in Zion." on, seventy-thre- e After the adjournment of tho meeting, used to complete the walls and pinnacles, the roof being nearly flat, will be concealed the Bishopand5invlt"etspafred'lp from the observer on the ground by this ad- the house of the President, Mrs. Sarah ditional wall. Graham, and partook of a supper prepared Respectfully Yours, Batjisiieba W. Smith. for the occasion. was-ver- Sugar House Ward, March 27th, 1875. Mrs. L. Greene Richards: Bear Sister Richards: to I fear you are beginning think the sis I feel that I should like to! mingle my columns voicaith my sisters, through the of your valuable paper. I take great pleasure in reading the but when I undertake to write, it is with feeling3 of timidity that I venture to pen a few lines for your consideration. Tho United Order is a subject that' occupies a corisidersble.portion of my. thoughts and reflections: I am a member, of the United Order, and I truly believe the time has come for us to begin to live in and prac- ters out in this ward are going to sleep I wish to say, it is not so j they are doing the best they can, with their surroundings; to all the calls made upon them, care of the sick, visiting the ward, taking and donating a little to the S 6 George Tem"of the ward ple. The brethren and sisters dollars in have donated nearly labor and produce towards building a new house for the Society. With kind wishes I am yours kindly, I think the brethren and sisSarah: Wheeler, Secretary. tice it. And ters who are working together here, feel to live humbly, and strive to begin to love Lehi March 23rd, 1875. their neighbors as themselves. .How long 7 Editor Woman's Exponent: Our brancli of the Relief Society is still it will take to arrive at that state of perfection, I am not prepared to say, but it will prospering; we held our sixth .annual not be until we' do away with a considerth of October 1874,.; El-- ; meeting on the 28met with us, encouraged able amount of selfishness. Wm. Bates der Some seem to think when they join the I and stimulated us by his words of comfort off all responsibility and excellent Instructions. Wo truly real- Order they can throwOrder will fake care of ized that promise of the Savior's, that and that the United ' v and theirs. them ; f, are together three two or gathered "Where . L onrl knVn in not at Ill look do that lijrht: I think it I v. vrirr ne wm u wcid in His name.Ttt. every person should strive to build up and bless them.'.' During the past year our their power to mike it a success, bursments for charitable purposes amounted do all In as and diligently for the to three hundred and forty dollars, we also work justof a faithfully United Order family as they made ninety yards of rag carpet ior our support individual family. Tabernacle. I thank God that a few of us would for.their not does If it prove a success, the fault have done as well as wo have, but Oh how will be with the people, and not with the what might be done littlen comparison to theisters could only principle. I often think of a very littlo reif we were unitedj if George A. Smith, which realize that these Societies were schools, to mark of Brother a great deal to me. Ho said: educate them in their duties in life, and the expressed nf hn Avprlastinsr. Gospel! Die "Live humbly, very, very humbly.". I think we should all do thi,and seek tho Lord tated by the Holy Spirit wo can exchange instruct-i- n diligently in prayer that we may not be led thoughts andsentiments, mutually that the each other, comforting those ;who are into temptation, for it i$ my belief harder will yet try inlorroiv, teaching 'the daughters of Zion enemy of righteousness to' trust in God and lean upon Him. He than ever before, to overtnrow the Kingdom wiH not withhold any good thing from of GocL.May;theLord help,Lugtoproyo them'if they will seek to carry out His will, faithful, is the desire of K A Friend to thi: Exponent. neglecting nbf tho privileges they enjoy. and If we meet together frotn time to tinieorderseek diligently to become intelligent, so as to influ lit that: rcvengeth knows no resf ing and controliug our lives, , re-spond- six-hundr- ed Ex-rdNEN- T,. ing ' 8 -- -- "Grandma," said a heroic littlo four year old, help the Lord to chain that old Satan, when I am a man." It is a lovely sight to see a beo sucking honey, from a fragrant flower; but it is a still more beautiful sight toeelTlittle child7 storing. up knowledge from, a good and useful book. - 7 '::.:';;V ' ";" : School inspector: "Now, Johnny, how many can you count?" Johnny : "One, two, threes four, fiye six, soven,eTght, ninef ten." Inspector: "Good.1 Johnny, go" on." Johnny, (after a moment's thought)':: "Jack, fr::-queen king. J'Mama," safd a little girl on a Sunday afternoon, "the- teacher tells me - that this lifo is but given us by God, for a littlo while1, that wo may prepare for a. better world. But, mother, I don' t seo any oj)dr;preparing. I seoyou preparing to go into f the country and Aunt Eliza preparing to come here, but nobody preparing to go to heaven. If every body wants to go to hcavon, wdify don1 1 they try to get ready?" A gentleman walking behind two school children on Washing avenue, tho other day, day heard the, boy inquire, ".Will you bo at "1 shall be there," anthe party swered the miss, but I may! as, well tell you now that your love is hopeless. . Mamma is - determined, Jathen is set, and it isn't right for me to encourlgeryour: attentions. I can be a sister to yout but nothing more. Therefore you needn't Diiy me any valen it tines givp me any morVgum: 1 .ace.!t-...::2l:;:ll;-'':'- - - - to-night- POXtGIVENESS NJURY. An editor of a weekly paper published in a littlo village in Missou i, called at tho White house and was adrnjled to Mr. Lincoln's presence. He at ofico commenced stating to Mr. Lincoln that he was the man who first suggested his name for the Presidency, and pulling from his pocket an old, worn, defaced copy of his paper, exhibited; to the President an item on tho subject. Po you really think," said Mk Lincoln, "that announcement was tho occasion of my i nomination?" "Certainly," said the editor, "the suggestion "was so opportune that it was at once taken: up by other papers, and the result was your nomination and election." "Ah ! well," said Mr. Lincoln with a sigh and assuming a rather gloomy countenance, "I am glad to see you and to know this, but you will have to excuse me, I am just going to the war department to see Secretary V : : :V Stanton," "Well," said: tho editor, I will walk over K with you-e The Presidents with t!i it apt good nature so characteristic to him, todk up his hat and said: "Come along." When they reached tho door of the Secretary's office Mr. Lincoln turned to his - " : companion and saidf I shall have to see Mr. Stanton alone, and you must excuse me," and taking mm by the hand, lie continued: "Good bye. I hope you win ieei periecc- ly easy "about having nominated me, Don't bo troubled about it, I forgive you." . "Johni" exclaimed" Mary,'throwing ; her- arms around her bother's neck' "wnai suostltutes can their bo for the endearments 01 a sister?" "Well," said John, "you sec, sis, that depends on whoso sister it is." ; 