their higher natures. the: expression, rightslof woman, it may not be amiss to present a? lew t)f my thoughts on the sub-jeWhile we fully appreciate the privilege of attending the ballot box, and would gladly avail ourselves of all the rights and pri vileges the laws of our country wilt allow, How often we hear J t have: proved :;hcr.i!Thou art the friend "to whom the Shadows of long i years extend." 'tT-Ao'yriSzii, -- we shpuldiever feel daughters .in Israel, have a! greater right and a nobler mission to perform. VTho Lord in the beginnln g said She shall be a h et for man." It Is not, then, our pro- -, vinco to usurp the place, or do the work of - , which Is a part of our nature; by all are that not, experience persons exactly suited to each other, but that there are natures which r have ahond of sympathy underlying them with which bur own true in- uiiiuuj uitugio iu onccii uuiwui uuu uui tjf brings happiness, when it subsists between women of; kindred feeling, as well as when it appears in, tne opposite sexes. we-fin- d ? , iUtj lUlti AjJllUfi. :y WOMAN'S VOICE. Permit me to x say ; that I .have been a inomKor nf onr fincififv sinco thfTdate of its organization, and' have perused, with pleasure your invaluable pajper, delighted more particularly with the communications or letters from the sisters from the various settlements descriptive of their prosperity, and have tiot unfrequently looked with increasing anxiety "to see a' correspondence written hy some member .of 6ur' Society, dated at CentrevIIIe, but up to jdate have lookedin vain Why i3 it ? I must crave to be indulged while I say that; there are those among us, member bftlie; Society,, whoso agei' experience and i intelligence, qualify them for 'usefulness in almost any intellectual 4ino pfjife and ; cwho,; if they Vnly thought Tsoiould' indite matter ;that would not att'Ihfest;,ah4Venl!ghiefi the. reading v fraternity. uur, annual meeting convened "on Wed neiday the 23rdof-- the present 'month, and from Teachers' rerts on that occasion a general good feelings prevails among the 8isterhood,with adesiroto be found active in every laudable undertaking. Yours most Devotedly," V Dear Exponent: " ' : : - 5 , i . ; -- -- V June 27th, '1 1875." Dear' Sisters: elp-me- - !lnrt Caroline Dalrymple." v ..' ."v. Perhaps at the present time, when so much lis said and written concerning the that we, as mothers and - our husbands, but to means in our iower, and if they are called upon to perform .any duty in the kingdom of God, throw no hindrance in their way. Should we sometimes find them depressed in spirits, because of the trials they have to encounter, let us speak comforting words, and assist them by our fliith and - prayers; thus shaU-w- er Hyithr Uie'txTTilt , parents in not understanding properly their (better taught . to know the iurpds6:jfor Which: farei were created, and the 1 utifis'IthatjdBJolve cupdn us." Jit la our proyinCe mndIrlght :;lead and train the infanb mind cprbfierly,: while our children are: yet TflUngrand ? tender, and capable of receiving a.lastin impression of good, before the Destroyer ha3 gained time to exert his poisonous and too often fatal influence. Let us ,with patient perseverance, both by precept' ahbtexample, strive5 to ll into their min3s the great principle of our righteousness and : daughters to "excel in virtue; modesty, and every grace conducive, to f the improvement and happiness of society, "and V their own i exaltation in the sphere of "heavenly intelll-- ; M meek! and; quiet spirit gence; cultivatiiig which' in the sight of i Go'oTls 6'f great : ' price." ' ''For' favour is deceitful; and beauty is vain, but a woman tbatleareth1 the Lord she shall be praised,' , .w. t With our pQixi tho task may often 'appear more arduous;; we may .find jt)wisdom tof exercise a greater forbearance, and even then sometimes feel almost discouraged at their waywardness; but let u3 not think our labor is in vain, for says tho Scripture, "Cast thy bread upon the waters and after many Lot us days It shall bo found again, to Impress upon their minds, that they may yet be the happy instruments of disseminating, the great truths of the Everlasting Gospel; and It will be their honorable privilege to assist' in establishing right-- , teousness on the earth; and thus earn for themselves, daring their earthly probation, "a celestial cro wn of glory that fadeth not us teach them that before they :awa.,,rLet can aspire to this, they must first learn to govern themselves, and be ever willing to listen to. the counsel, of those In authority over them; and thu3 gain the greatest of all ' victories, a conquest overself. Best assured, clear sisters, that if we do this, we shall bo exercising some of the noblest rights of wroman. In this shall we fulfill our destiny, and be taking tho position our AUwiso Father designed that we should, as was said of one and it shall bo said s, ' self-cobtroliteaching 11 r ; en-deav- of-u- , rights of woman. - Khmas - ' ' - - ; Pheue Young, VALEDICTORY, 2lTir, 1875, BT . 7 ONE HER PUPILS. Fellow Pupils: ; in-sti- - OF. -- But:3ifr6.ihav:Q:b'feei' . TERM,' JUNE , position. : COMPOSED AND READ AT THE CLOSE OP MISS M. E. COOIS GPwADED SCHOOL- - n.I?",'P:ro honorable position in the kingdom of God. When wo look around upon ;tho present degenerate state of society, and see tho fearful amount" of disunion and crime that prevailslon every ha&U, and'tho discord and strife that is too often characteristic of the domestic circle, parents unmindful of the important relatiorr inwhich they; stand to their children,! &iSd:children forgetful of the duty andiallegiahce :they ; owe to i their parents, wo arledi to Juquiro the reason, and compelled! to acknowledge that much of this evil I : arises from the ignorance of .'. praiseth her.,f Then let us neither tfiiint nor be weary but go to Him who is is the Fountain of Light and the Giver of all good, and He will give us strength according to our. need. Theso I conceive to bo some of tho greatest -- . ship between two or more women of supe- 'natures," which' time, pleasant tion and jriendlv intercourse has ripvelnnml and ripened? .You may 'call love, and . . . iti"t.--. to f j a ceriain exienc pernaps, it is: putit is Jove entirely iree irom passion, ana 1 very mucn preier tne term inendship to me It is a memories In the past and suggesting many pleasing ones in the future." Such" instances fclmtvf tAf tSnr OrO lVrt TirT dwells in the hearts of thoso who are sus- raining lnumaie lamiiy relations, tne truest, Durest and most 1 exalted 5 frifitidsh in nWv exist, such as time itself will only strength en, and wiU reach into eternity, purified, refined and ethereallzed. It is my firm and full belief that the love based upon true genuine friendship is the most endurable, whether in men or women. But in that as in eVery other sentiment or principle of our lives there must be a certain amount of faith in the person,and goodness to inspire confidence; and the best proof people can give of their sincerity v is that they trust without doubt or suspicion in the integrity of those with whom they : associate. We are all of the "earth earthy" and; consequently we crave more or less companionslup,' tut I do npt know as that is a result of bur earthiness, perhaps it is a misapplication of the term, but there is a In days of old, "Her children arise up and call her blessed, her husband also ; and ho ct The time has at last corao when wo must part; It may bo that, some of us bid each other adieu forever Wo leave this house, these walls (that have what wo call fmprispneSf. us,) but in' after years, shall we not recall tho days spent here with affectionate remembrance, and , in memory linger fondly over the happy scenes replete with gaiety and childish mirth, when life seemed all, brightness and real sorrow wTas to us unknown? Will wo not chide ourselves then for the many unkind acts wo teachers and schoolfellows, and will hot all that has been pleasant in our associatiions together, leave an improasion of lasting' influence upon our hearts, binding us to each other, with many tender feelings, even though separated by land or sea ? ;In looking back, 'will not. these, our school-daybo remembered as among- the happiest of our lives? :j I will leave it to you, who have assembled here from day to day, to answer theso ques-tion- s, and If you do not realize. them: now, perhaps you will in time to come. - Let U3 each and every one thank our kind teachers for the watchful care and attention shown us by them from day to day, for the knowledge they have sought to impart, and lor directing our minds In a proper channel of thought, helping us to understand those things most useful, and which will bo of themo3t real benefit to us in our practical s, - ; ? life.: , - ; . . . , ; . ; !That our futuro lives may bo properly directed for our good and wo may all live so as to be able to meet again after we have fin.; ished our work hero is ray earnest prayer; v that God will bless us all with His Holy Spirit, that we may endure patiently, whatever trials life may bring,' that when we shall be called away, we may feci that our work has been well aud faithfully done or 1 WOMAN'S RECORD Mrs. IL E. Parker, a di itiuui hed ad of Suffrage and ;Teniperance, from Dundee, Scotland, recently visited Aweric She carae' as delegate to the Right Worthy Grand Lodge of Good Templars, who held their session hi Bloomingtony lowa, this season: Tshe was appointed delegate from that Lodge, to oVe Actional Temperanco .'Convention, held sodii after in Chicago. On her route homeward she visited the most noted places, taking in Xcvr York and Boston, and everywhere earnestly and bpiruuuiy auvocauug uiesrreatcause of reform. Slio sailed for Scotland the' first' week in the v" : - . vr ; present month. Misa Mary Holman Ladd, of Boston, who has just graduated from Cornell JJn!. er3ity, had assigned fo her tho distic : , 