r WOMAN'S EXPONENT. From this we passed over what is called Rush Lake, now evidently completely-changefrom what it was when first named, as there is butIittle' moisture remaining, only a damp, rough - and barren piece .of ground, with here and there bunches of decaying; rushes Here I met with a: !beautiful plant growing near the outer edges, which closely resembled the common dew ; plant, though much more beautiful,' having very large handsome leaves and a small 61 ways the .firit'o Acjspoty hot only for the pujrposo of getting everything in readiness for the operations of the day, ni also that her own rainil antj thoughts be 'perfectly for she must feel her calm self, lor the time being at least, the little one's truest friend. Tho children on enter- The widow came also with her mite;; they gave liberally; according to their meani. Bro. John Dudson of this place is making a collection of ancient relics, found in1 plow-- , ; d - ; ing his land; they are quite interesting. More anon. ' As ever yours, - are expected to he clean and tidy, the ' ing -- ? : THE-KINDERGAR- agingall extravagance or gaudiness of attire with . which some foolhh , "mothers 'delight tollisfigure their offspring. Of all resorts, a hall of learning should le the last for such displays of fancy, 'and little children should not be made to feel their - starry-flower- . r-- , vvi:: iv;;r;:':; we had a t The Crossing some sandhills smooth road for a lew mlles,then rocky black volcanic rock, which is considered very jgood for building purposes; being porous it is not apt to bo so damp as the more solid material. On our left, a huge mountain uprose, appar-- . ently composed principally of sand stone; the top. of which the wind had swept? into queer cone shaped hills and hollows. Presently we came in sight of 'a beautiful lake, on, whoso broad expanse sky, mountain - i ; : v-ern- ? . ; ; : I . ; . -- n short-sighte- d desid eraf urn wiiOnicliieh t '; and thoughtful trainers of tbeVe active-littlfolk it being the: main point, that they are always doing something is to make in their unwhat they do tell to advantage ' folding ; to educate them not -- so ; much: by books and homilies asjy practical HIus- tmtlnn nnH AYnimnlo nrlfintpd tft their lin- derstandirig and always nicely graduated to that. "A child at play is histrionic. ; lie personates characters with1 costumel ahd mimic cresture. Ho also undertakes to rep- ... resent whatever thing interests his mind by e .. and tree were reflected as in a mirror; geese and ducks, with other wild fowls were sportively dipping and diving who can combut plain of want of water here? said we, aiasl! our lovely lake grew less and ' less as we approached, until our eyes beheld (what is called hereabouts) Mud Lake, and our trees were sage brush, our water fowl, a fe w scattered rocks and stones This so calle d lake, is a large clear spot entirely destitute of vegetation; varying in width from one ; and a half, to two miles, and frotn six'to t eightr miles In length; : It is of a chalky whiteness interspersed with spots of slate color, which combined, give the illusive appearance of water when seen at a certain distance;jvery soft all seasons of tho iyear, and impassable in very, ret. weather; com- posed of sand and chalk mixed with various mineral substances of a soft nature. G d has not as yet surveyed this por- tiori of country, and we knownot" what may lie beneath this extraordinary xQmpbsitlori. The road at last brought us to another forest of grease wood, which appeared delight-fu- lj being of a fresh green, exceedingly restiui to the eye alter enduring the glare of the sunlight on the mysterious Mud Lake. Here on the banks of the Sevier River are the remains of Deseret City, where an immense amount of labor was expended years ago which proved an1 entire failure; the Sevier being an exceedingly treacher- - ' ous stream, and the people unacquainted with any plan by which to secure a firm bulwark against the water, unlike the little ; animal, called the beaver, which I am told has formed dams at some point or points, farther on toward the river's source. This '. or forty miles from Fil- place is thirty-fiv- e more. From this to Oak Creek, a distance of about twenty-fiv- e miles north of East, our road passed through sand hills arid hoi- - ' lows; within six miles of Oak Creek th wind comes down through a gap in the mountains" and passing through a gentle hollow, plays fantastic tricks with the sand, ; alternately tearing down, and building up- scooping out and separating the white sand ".!' from the black in a curious manner, forming hills, the size of a small log cabin, only a few rods distanco from each other. A ,: r Oak Creek is a small settlement nestling closely to the mountain side, corn .and sugar cane grow well here, with plenty-- of vegetables; the inhabitants have built a bridge over the Sevier river so as to cut off somo miles of travel to Sanpete Co., where they go yearly to exchange corn and molasses, for wheat and flour. Fish in abundance is caught from tho river. The people aro. evidently wide awake-itheir Interests for the St "George Temple; ' 'this portion teacher however Ungracious of Her task may possiW UTILIZING: TEN AmTsxrltmsml nf if fnrm Sri vMtfTrrbfrl M inequalities of social position by means of them. Thd teacher welcomes each little one alike with a: smile and ; friendly greeting, Instructing them by example to return the same, "and at the appointed time "order-icalled.. Then position; simultaneous rising and sitting without noise, all of which requires quitea, little time for drilling.. i Singing can be conducted by I placing the . children; inrows accordidg io size and rsex Then come various exercises alternating on various days. As soon as the teacher ; observes that: thepupijs. grow fatigued: with any one thing and become restless the sub. ject of the exercise should bo changed rather than let "the children give up their occu-pati- s -- Tlnf ;? - child's play does not end in itself, and Froe-b- el has taken full advantage of this under- lying fact ot childish being. Children, as- we all notice, delight irr movement; they pbservo keenly; they alsolnvent and, construct all this naturally and spontaneously. ?The cannot ; child that does not love play is not, regrettingly, Tthus. retaining within ' But the "plays", of them a longing for what comes next,V and be a healthy child. not feel bored or ; worried, which is at sure Froebel's Kindergarten are with profound way to make them lose interest. The ma- philosophy systematized and possess a far 1 terials (br Toys) pertaining; to. a successful deeper significance than to while away. tho :' are tony Institution .i.'- time. management of the , 'arid various, but all of a character to graduThe location of the Kindergarten should be carefully selected, should be as little pubally develop the infantile faculties in iboni- lic as possible, the building so "constructed paririg and organizing figures of all kinds and arranged as to meet the requirements according foUhellaws ' either by imitation, or in already advanced of health, freedom and comfort, in order enthat the children may have undisturbed .stages, by: their owna unaided invention. ' The And hero it may, be remarked that all decu- joyment of their own little world; nations in :tho Kindergarten ard called hail itself must be light and airy, -- spacious danc-cing plays," and tho, materials for occupation enough to afford room for marching, and plays, especially in rainy and ingi fts.! i Th eso I shall explain .in.' a third clement seasons. There should also be and, for the present concluding article, v.; CAMILLA Q.l COBB. a large and shady yard- or garden' for out-doi is exercises. It very frequent its besides desirable that the hall, necessary .t .' ' WpilN'KECORD and tables low of furniture benches, large, blackboards, charts, etc, should be adorned eW Haven, ; Mnii'WillianT pl ck;;6f with flowers and pictures, rendered attrac-- j. ; sue'd;that city for damages to the amount of tive in every way.and calculated to call forth $5,000 for injuries received- in consequence and ministerto the growing, taste and sense , Of a defective side-walof beauty in the child. The hall, with; its LjADY Bui wef. is spoken of as having very appurtenances, should always be kept, in ; heautifuKvlblet eyes with black lashes, and proper condition so far as practicable by the little ones, themselves that .habits' of , ine most cnuuisniy innoconi expression; ana be 13 instilled cleanliness and order may "to her attributed tho'in.plration of many early e 'piano-fortis A and naturally developed. of tho beautiful , poems of ,'her; husbiirid tho an of invaluable "Owen Mcredith., i , 'V Kindergarten, adjunct of which music and singing form one of the : 21 rs; ;Lucy. Stone has;miggsted t that. ..the ' " . main features. President oftho United tateSj shall. at: the Leaping on tables and over benches, racon' the 4th of JulyJ87G;lead on. Centenriiaf, of clothes, indeed ' 'td'the whooping, tearing ing, ' all the rudeness and boisterousness platform Mrs," . LuiTeiU Mottr ; Lydia inseparaM. Child, arid Frances D. Gage, underra ble from undisciplined natures, whether black the fact that the ... womenflagCommemorating, or adult, are "ruled out"-o- f youthful aro ranked ' with idiots; felons and " welUordered ' Kindergarten, j from the fact men'. Ignorant and music the that accompanies gymnastics ' all the Mis3 Mason and Hiss Hamilton ot exercises, and from tho intersperses further fact that so mucli of healthful, free the graduating clas3 In Vermont ' Universidom and variety of occupation are afforded ty have been elected to membership on The administration of tho true Kindergarof their: superior scholarship to the ten being guided by love, gentleness and y Phil "Beta Keppa. Society.;, Professor and fixed purpose, conductof Chicago, President of tho Alumni ed free of all needless restraint, and still Association hails m this event as . the avoiding, on tho other hand, confusion and beginning of a new. era; and ho remarked ; they had shown themselves thinkers, and .disorder, there naturally springs upon the ap of and of child referred to the Alumni as their brothers xlelight part the feeling affection toward the teacher and toward one welcomed them to a place and . r warmly another. , the among, the AlumnL lie congratulated Institution bri'thls progressive step. "" """ It is indispensable that the tetieher be al. . on . : : ; . 7i'-'- . : -- ; ; '. -- ; ? s - 1 - ; or . : ; -- , 5 k. i -- ST' ' ' . ' . , V 4 " 4 . . : . . -a- ccount Pea-bod- well-regulat- ed . . . ; : . , 