wan wo urribc. nt$ : Christ "V Church of Jesus $Biiii$i or Latter-ua- y A; rl nn I, I f V. T V Vol. J-- v-'- - "' -- " - - , .:: 5 , j t.u tJ r.tV.:f--- . -- s :iV. ; A: SALT: LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY . 15 1875. 3. ' ; NOTES ANp NEWS." ested, if it i3 properly carried 6n. Vc do a society cannot laii to benefit those iritei- not VisVf o be too strict all at oncel lest we frighten our young friends away at the on- set.; And it is our belief that when fully entered into, the spirit of our high and holy calling as daughters of a Heavenly Parent, the wisdom, we then possess will teaches what to wear and how to wear it,By. Heav- en.born"authority.w;e"have been, forbidden to follow the foolish and downward leading lawuoua-- i liauyiou. anu Ub is accorumg 10 UUi Fiuicaaiuua ..iu. appear iu iiuui miu piuiu auire. bim we are equally ooiigea to lor-sake many other things, to give envy and avarice no piacc in our hearts, shun every appearance of evil andVnot barter our souls for the fading things oflife, biit cling to the principles of right and justice.. Thus ren dering ourselves worthy the. society of the The beau winter in this valley did not set in until January; and now the . question arises, win it stretcn out tin tne tatter end ; . of May? TriE diabolical practice of lynching, or hanging men upon suspicion ol crime, was last fait perpetrated upon a son of ex.Gro ver- nor Ford of minoia. A friend of the Expo nent sends us an account of the affair, taken from the Iowa "State Journal," the particu lars of which, were recently-publishin the daily papersof Utah. "Wo' are not now prepared to comment on the subject, .and have, not space for details.; v - . -- ed f . FOR THE YOUNG LADIES. onrth nnl f Yr rlmnll , ,c i4 lrff H i v wona come. to tne in angeis rmrtll gr BY MARY STUABT, OF TIIE RICHMOND' ' : RETRENCHMENT ASSOCIATION. 1a1 nnH ii4V w - nis . : ; ; . t . In attempting to speak in behalf of our Kb. 16 Mrs. D. Chamberlain, an old resident of westborough, Mass., was one of the original band of missionaries that went to the Hawa- Han Islands fifty-fiv- e years ago, when the in- habitants were savages. MrsvChamberlain is in her eighty-eight- h year, and she retains a to remarkable degree. her mental lacuuies She speaks the Jflawaiian tongue fluently, An inivtation to visit Westborough has been extended to the Kinjj Kalakaua to meet this aged lady. nf Matit. Anfnmoffft tv thr f hft ilnllftM nt pariV On thnrvpnsinn nf thft first performanCe 0f "Alceste," by Gluck, who waa hIphIv estcemc(i 'bv the aueen. Mario Antoinette, in order to secure the success of the opera, distributed a large num ber of courtiers all over the theater among the public, with the order. to applaud in pro- ino managersper places, ... or ino opera . house found this modo of secuiing succcs? very practicable, and "organized a duly paid band of claques for the'purpose. Miss Jennie Worthlngton of New Orleans, principal of the High School, protested earof her colored nestly against the expulsion scholars. She declared- her inability to faco her scholars and do so mean a thing, saying, "How can I order that brighteycd little fei- -. low never to return to this school?" pointing to an intelligent looking boy of twelve years of acre, who was one of her smartest and best scholars. The; superintendent relieved her of the embarrassment. The littlef fel- lowi with- fears in'' hi? eyes, begged tore-- : main: Again and agam ho walked baqk to his seat, hugged his books tightly, and wept' as' if his little' heart would break. . . , oHo-in-tin- r - I - - . WOMAN'S RECORD. Young Ladies' Society. I will endeavor to portray the feelings of all. Should I, per Charlotte Cushman has cancelled her chance, say aught they can not approve. I San Francisco engagement. trust it will be overlooked. Miss Carrie Clark, daughter or Henry S. My subject shall be what wo have been in the past and what we wish to be in the fu Clark, lately deceased, has been appointed ture. , express agent in .Northampton, Mass. us back or five ten Let memory carry say or rrussia wore' in Pans a the liinpress as we as can or years, remember, and crimson long velvefdoak lined with rare Russian it' will readily be seen how often we have and worth' twenty thousand dollars. missed the -- mark.. : How and for what, has sable, Miss Wilson recently, realized $G,40O,by a been spent, a great portion of our past life. We have been too careless, too idle, too in performance in St. Petersburg for. the bene different in regard to everything that might fit of soma, families who were made home-have proved a lasting benefit had we shown J less by a fire. oursetve3 more attentive, m sioiia igno- Mrs. Annie Mlxsell N; J.,;has wiiv UirwxUH UUiw "l " fivii. arrontca an enpaepment as sonmno tn De : -- TIME TnE GREAT HEALER7 f signed, Us by the Author, or our existence, Conkling's choir, New York, at a salary of we nave ieip:iss me mouuisauuears wun-1- 1 qoo per annum: Time heals all griefs, 'even the bitterest," : to : a even out . , , struggle gain the knowledge that it should bo so. 'A long.: iDein iiameman, mother of W. and It .. now so much coveted. Uaideman, one ol the proprietors of the indulged' sorrow for the dead, or any other; How many hours have been wasted. How hopelesa loss, would deaden our sympathies' men at Louisville, uouner-journa- i, dqc,i, 'many days allowed to sink into oblivion, in! for those stilt left, and thus make a sinful which much might have been added;to our onujuu... steal over the soul, absorbing ('all Its store ot information. As.it is. it can only 1 .' The real name of 'Susan Cool Id " n apathy aim causing tne many 'it oiessings 01 bo faid they are lost days, lost hours to us, Ufeant Eastern writer ior children's peru- - povvurs, to h frit as curses. As tho bosom of iur iu mem sai. is uiss oaran j, vvooisey, ana sne is a earth blooms gwu ita aiuuijuiaucu. again and again, having buried ter far better that 'we had never lived them niece of Woolsey, of Yale Col out of sight the dead leaves of autumn, and than to havo to, say uod gave, us time; to lege. loosed the frosty' .bands of winter, so doe3 11 U .1 ..MM Wfl MMUIA even more the" heartIn spite, of air that melancholy' fJNiRs, iiousoy, a young 4UnHH .ft. u.inr,;n,K Kft o fw I hnnntiriil nrri ,mni-- m tmn rt itfarlnhn poets wHtefeel many renewed springs and : I liitTTi wxr. ...... . VdATt.vJwiAna v AUCiaiUtJ al t rlnlnMn summers: ?It is a beautiful ahd blessed world' wvw r .'wilt" hA hnirt b nnrii n fh ft fai 'f hia J i thin Afl live in and while life JastsJ to lose the ib we 'JX?!???uselftss waste of life? enjoyment of U i$ a &iti.;t ",T In the future, we :vish, to become great, W Wti; St. ; Johns, gradua good and noble. Ifot to gain the admiration :Miss n t medical Institute-iot worldly-mindeKevv d a ted at of York, and tA lmost a n Enoch Arde?? A lad y who- beings.' bur dod who the unwortliya The aim is is now Superintendent of a large hospital at resides upon Cenfral strcetarid1 who is well' nyer respects to spread sunshine and riot shade. ) To help Lucknowtndla, at a sidary' of $5,000 pvt known in thdt 'Section, riarrdwly escaped' air expenses paid those who are In need, not. merely to pity year,-anhaving two husbands to care 'for last night She had grown tired of being aIoncfn the rr vinnmKA.hWlncf them, to promote 'ino weiiare ox an man; nnnKtn;r world and had accepted the proposal 6? kin, withdisintercsted nd truly unse . - l . ftcady mechanic to become his Wife; Tho . s it. motives, thus securing happiness for our-- or h i- i - in ouo me ar j "t ',; .. selves while making others happy. ) Worcester' This is the flrst.tirae this "of&co wedding was appointed last evening, friends; were Invited and a clergyman secured, and Many do not seem to understand the goixl ha3 been given" to' a woman in England.' to be derived from meeting together and exthe ceremony Was about to commencewhen; ' Jfofmcr Mrs., Senatorl Sch u rz, a .woman who: is thctd Dor "ope n ed a nd inr wal changing1 ideas' with each .t other.!- Hor do ' 'in Its true better informed, and, therefore,Tmoro; en- husband of the lady,4 who years ago disVp- they comprehend retrenchment ' st sense, and it may be well to say a few words thusiastic on this subject any peared from the knowledge of his young on this subject We are organized in ar re- person in this country, ardently desires - to wife, and has feince beensailing the wide trenchment or mutual improvement society, be"- - enfranchised. Bho believes rit criminal seas over1 in search of her. ''.Tho wedding; ' ' was po3tponed.MIrror, 2Cth. . it matters not by which.we are called: Buch n men to refuse It. j . . . " : : - -- of-Orang- -- ... ' 5 s - " r .' ; -- 'Is-.wel- l , , ' -- ' . ; " 1 ex-Presid- AJ . . - , AJAAA.A V LA ent W w . n . " fST JW "" :..;TX:"rtKV t-- e - wy" ; Nancy-Monell,-- of - s d -- -- i ? cuo-uisincL- J S da - " than-almo- : - -- - " : . . 