' : are gathered GLOOM OF AUTUMN land, of iZion, for what purpose wo attend meeting, or what object we have )n attending Sunday;. School. .Wo areifugUttliatjK)rder is; heaven's first law.V I, would like ask how many of .us observo; that law when we enter a house pf worship,, or any place where we corae together to bo instructed in the ways br righteousness, instead ofJ walking Iria3 Saints of the Most HigH should do,;wo;c6rae? iri with asjjnuch pomp and authority a if we had every thing! under durawti control; ahd insteao! ;of sitr tirig still and Iistening'to the Elder fels preaching for our benefit, we talk of this or Hall ye BlgilAg' ons of EorroW "t - View with mo the autumnal gloom; Learn from thence yeurfate Dead perhaps laid injthe tomb. See all nature fading, dying, ti gilent all things seem to mourn:, wi . .. ., 4 ;r Ofe from vegetation flying, ' ' . Makes the lofty forest nod; j . f t . Scenes of nature how surprising, It. Bead in nature, natures God. i i See our sovereign solo Creator, , ' f Xivea eternal in the sky ' ; Wnile we mortals yield to nature, " Bloom awhile then fade and die. 1 I J ' Nations die by dread Bellona, i , - , ' ' -- hear him. I hear the air resounding, ' s .. sisters, describeid above is decidedly put of place in We may learn thergrcatcst lessons from GoUin His own works. See, for example, howf He has placed the heavenly .bodies - itr orders how the' greater y light is set to ' and ihe leiser iightorule the nig;hty how the earth revolves ;krPun(l the sunthe day Is divided1 from tlid night,3 and1 the seasons of the year roll round In perfect order. ' And if ive ever expect to dwell in the presence of God we will have id observef good order not only in His presence but in all places and under ail circumstances. But if we at any time. conduct ourselves in such a manner as will grieve' the Spirit 6f the Lord from us, we will lose many of. the blessings which wo would otherwiso obtain And inasmuch as wo have, held up hands to sustiin thoso in auihority o ver us, or cpuhselors, super- whether; it be president iritentlent, bishops or tcachcrs, let us; treat them' with due respect, and 'observe good order at all times when they are addressing' and instructing us. And if we are called upon to perform, any duty, let us do it willingly, promptly and cheerfully, for our Jtimo is too precious to bo spent instrifling Let us, my sisters, pray God: to bless our i President, Sister a Howard, witM wisdom i and knowledge thatrshe may be the'better able to teach us things that are for our benefit.. ( v(, " rule,-theoja- i ; . . f 4 Tears fast streaming from rdf eyes. ' What to me are autumn's treasures, : , i ! Since I knew no earthly joyi fiLong ,rve lost all youthful pleasures, ' Time must youth and health destroy. i . r: -- J Pleasure once I fondly courted, , i l Shared each bliss that youth bestows, , A But to see where once I sported," ' Now embitters" all my woes. " . . j , ,, f, " i Age and sorrow since have blasted ' dream; , fi f Every youthful pleasing Quivering age with youth contracted, J 1 ! Ob! fiowshort Its glories seem... : ' the annual frosts are cropping j TJ: Leaves and tendrils from the trees, ' ' . : , So my friends are yearly, dropping r ,By old age and dire disease. it ; Fotmer friends, how oft Pve sought them', r Just to cheer ;my gloomy mind, But they're gone like Jeayes, In autumn, Driven before the dreary )Vlnd. ' ' When a few more years re'wasted,' i t " : ; ' When a few more springs are o'er,"' hen a few more griefs I've tasted,' f f ": ' ' I shall bloom to fade no "more,., a ...7 ' -- ? 5 , -- - , t- , s . , , ; prayjfer1 ach otber.andrseekidili-gentl- y to beebmeone in iaithk and .works, that we 'may be pivhed and blessed of God,,- ; r , , - Let Fast. my sun or. iiie aecijnmgsj j n Soon must set in endless night, ' f' b ;i and reflnlng, pure hopes u.j .,: ?i Rest In future Ufe and light. s;:-- " Cease this fearing, trembling', Sighing, . Death will break this sullen gloom; ? , l 'y Soon my spirit fluttering, flying, r ',r i ' Will be borne beyond the tomb. ' " . 5 If anything . '' " .usf. Ui i i 1 I: . WOMAN'S BECOUD. 'AN ESSAY "6N dHDEIt; WEIIXrW TORASD BRANCH HEAD BITPM n r 3 Thk first iemalet graduate? of the Min THE TWE5TIEIH WARD, R ETR EKCH3C KST Or riOH'S 'ABSOClATIOWI My Beloved Sisters of 'i ;U the ; Associ- ation: I hope you will excuse the liberty I take in giving, you u lew of my ideas concerning the way in which the Saints of God should, conduct themselves in houses which are set apart for the purpose of divine wor--. ship,' and of giving and Receiving instruct tlons in. the, principle's 'of eternal life? and; and salvation. " :' 'X;,'.'. I am afraid that many of us do not realize' what great privileges'we cDjby, or we would surely seek moro earnestly to; understand-whwe have obeyed the Gospel, 'Vthy e' , Av02SA-nurci.. ....- . 11 i:fii-s-:- - '. . , m 1 -- i lo"-:;.- - 1 'hi:. . opened, an Orphanage npar Cooperstown, New York, and Fis devoting; herself; to the hbm'o care and educational training of little , homeless children of both sexes..' : : Miss? Young. the English' High Church noted - novelist;, whoso writings have been very highly approvedj and sought after, is about to givo a. paper, on "Voman's Work in Ihe Church.i at Stoke on iTrent, before t hhurnh Con press. tjui- A 'ai,i" j Mme. Christinjs Nilsson niade a Visit of a few weeks to Lady Emily Peel,' by invitation,; at the Villa Lam mermoorj Gonova, befpre-sh- e returned to England to1 commence her provincial concert: tourJ t z n (ceives HARRiETTLewis, It Slid x Hi rmrii i ;i k;i iii r v iriiiu nil. i unit, ua. Liiu Ncwork "Ledger," ?of $10,000 va carie earn Her husband, Leon Lewis, gets-thamount. Writers of fiction are in better r ' demand than writers? of fkcls.' ; rTiTu Ti?TTcri?ca rnrorfn"?." thn nroKihlft successor ;hnd heir ,.tothb throne of tKlng iAlphbnso, is saidlo bo an arfles. Innocent child f totally uhVonscious' of tle bQQrs', 1 h a t await ;herl n She-i- s 'fond of ; eroqdet and seems to concentrate her mind more on the future , interest of tbb game than on the " : 1 u a a throne. probability of mounting " Miss Anna;' Maria" Schuman, was one of that class of females who.1 in this age; are f She lived J Ir designated strong-mindethe Seventeenth1 century, and was known as the "Tenth Muse." It 'is" sald bf her that sho would wrlto equally well lri ancient or modern tbngues.1 Bhwas a5 schblar,a writer, a linguist "and ahT artist; could Use the brush, thbr chisel afid the engraver's knife. v Sho mad o tho Hebrew language a speciality: : She was nic : of tho practical examples of the higherui j cation of woman, and her memory:sbould survive forever as an illustrious j example . of woman's- - educa: tional success. f . , . i J , j '-- r-- . j- e' 1 ' 1 . d, , ? nesota State 1 University, is: Miss Helen - M. ii '? 1 Elyt; ni- -' ' : r 1.'; r 'W - has .. been Elizabeth Stuart, Phelps commended by the liondon Athenium as a 5 .Miss Susanj Augusta Fcnimoro Cooper daughter of the novelist of that name, has -- Jt i Florence Marryatt, otherwlso Mrs. uuuuuu ovviviyf uaa J . uuiiur ui . ... . '.. t"' a i a irn r n ucnnj onnu l. rn.; rii:iicn npr uRuutii.' upon tho stago. Tho y Miss 1 liandsora kindly 'grcetiogrDf shakingf out such conduct as brethren and ' cries; ,Ah their moans to me how wounding, ,I Emblem of my aged sires V , Hollow winds about are roaring, r' Noisy waters round me rise, . While I sit my fate deploring, " ' V ', is likely to grieve the Spirit of; the Lord away from us, it i is? disorder and confusion. I do not object to a friendly . - ir; f; With eipirmginsects t ; j . . 1 j j 0 Warris me'of my dying day.; j Autumn gives nl molanchojyi f ' Strikes dejection through my soul ; - ' : While I mourn my fprmer folly, , - Waves of sorrow o'er me roll. - : . - Lo, . some excursion wo have been on, or what-Misso and so wore at the last party. Thus wepay li ttlor orno attention to the d ieourse, which is the very, height of ill man nerjy a 3 the' well as a source Of great ? annoyance speaker, and those abou t us who desire 'to -- mournful when a nation .... , H Dies by neighboring- nations power. Death and war my mind deprcsse?, Autumn shows me my decay, . : that,iikeas not about our beaux, or about s , r -- J Through enraged tyrannic kings; :rtH ijwt like plants by pale Pamera, , i yall to rise td future springs. ' .Mournful scenes when regetatlon, ' Dies by frost' or worms devour; : f -- -- --- -- -v" ; eft the autumn tempest rising received honor certificates," equivalent to the degreo "Associate in Arts;" from two of the examiners of the Oxford University, England. The story of Tilda in Scribner's Monthly for; September,. written byjKatp Foot, has been speken of by. leading Journals and papers as deserving thQ encomium it eyery t ... t where' receives. . i Mrs. Cornelia Loring of Uostbn; "who died recently; left $5,000 ,td. thbiSfewng-lan- d Hospital for women .and clilldren, and . $2,000 to the Boston Aid Society. - ? Brings to mind the mould'ring urn. ; ;. Five yqung 'American iadies have lately to.-th-p, . Hr. Anna Monroe; of Boston; is connect- ed with ihoLasell Seminary at Auburndale, as lecturer on Pbysiology and Hygiene and k also Supervisor of Health Matters, f ; , rsV.E. Tuppef, tho celebrated wbo wrote the most famous book upon the"; subject , of bees," has 20,000 lbs of honey to dispose of this year, the product of. her own bees.t ,: - - i T Impudentj Questions To ask an , un? J - married lady how old she is. To ask a law yer if ho ever told a He. To ask a doctor how many persons ho has killed. To ask a minister whether ho ever did anything very wrong.' To ask" a merchant if(he ever cheat cd acustomcr. To ask a young lady wheth : - bee-woma- , ; , the narao of any of his correspondents. ' ' , n,' favors which Many ; God 'gives us. ravel out for want of hemming; for though prayer purchases blessings, giving praise doth keep the quiet possession cf them. 