Vol. 4. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, SEPTEMBER 15, 1875. O li'f is beautiful, and r t FRIENDSHIP. fair, and swett, ; - ; 1 wrath so violent it .'damped all myf energy and dwarfed .all j my. ambition. The" first was' so fierce and so unexpected., that it 'crushed me entirely- - I never had strength to rise above-i- t, so his disappoint ments have never ceased and the storm has never cleared away. Had I looked up from under tho clouds, aroused myself, shaken off udo gloom ana met him sometimes with ' sunshine in my face, instead of ja down cast .1 out-bur- With all Its joldeu wealth ot lov? and hope, ? ; Bright, dreamy fancies, castles incomplete ... Till tip the vacant avenues and" icope. " , But trhile we plod, along-- from day to dayi What is it cheers and gladdens most the heart? " Not love the changeful queen from sad to gay," : Hope, Faith and Trust each ,; comfort, may Impart, But Friendship, which the test of truth has tried, J Lifts us from darkness into regions fair, ' - i C J; t And trill with sorrow or with joy "abide, r ' A gem ef gms, exquisite rich and rare. J ' u Let poets sing la praises alldirlne,"' God ChooaiE? among the gifts that has given, ' most The one precious cheering or sublime, v ). To help poor mortals In the path to heaven, r v y i I will suggest that vkiksjoship bo tho thome, , . . Highest and worthiest of the poet's fire;" TIs guiltless of deceit,' or selfish scheme,: ; C ; . And will truo sympathy of soul inspire. f , Had 'this sketch been a fanciful : one,it ' should havo been more elegantly worked and more in refined stylo and finishedi ,up, - . V, ? - weiiK-iniuue- , - ? ' ; . Emile. '..1 A Woman something over thirty years of age, with laded bluo eyes wearing a melan- choly expression, soft, beautiful hair which showed signs, of sad heglectf and acare-- 1 worn face--sin, or rather on, a wooden I bdttomed chair- - with no baek in a; low, dark, cheerless room which stands in the outskirts 'of ono" pf our cities. At least it did standtherptwoyearsago, but may r . have since been removed. she was "I have been too saying, "too reserved, too fearful of ihg with ridicule, too mueh'coricernedabout I : -- ; .;. at - I short-sighted- , UCiU , J i ," UUU X IUJUK JUUW- - 10011311 X ; ' have beenf And; yet;' from the first, I de-aireu wuu my wuwoiiL'uri iu ua an mat my ni ?:.! 4 husband could wishi ' ." The newly married younger sister, to whom theso. remarks were addressed, stood , j I j h a1 moments, 'pause:;.. " . a .'i ; M h-:- ",. -- -4 Whvghnuld 'oii IrpDrfrieh votirsMf? T don't:, believo ; that any ono in" this world would havo done: better than you have: tin- ' and-woma- 1 n j ! . -- ) I ; monly courteous,. A penny for your - 'calT bplnions p'of men?glvo-,va- I "Now that would have been a splendid opening for a lively and inspiring conversa-- 1 tioii, for a woman with any animation1 about f her. But ins teadof-seizin- g tho golden op-portunityi and endeavoring to mako an im- . pressidri upon the man to whonq; I was mar-- 1 , ried, but .whoso heart 'VI ha4 never : won, I carelessly 'responded that I. wa3 .hotHhinkr I inof any thing in partlcularand .there tho j ' matter ended.; 3Iy husband" turned away ; listlessly,; thinking les perhapsof 4my collo-- 1 1' , quial capabilities than ever. r; Vi'"So" you see, slsterwhcrb Xhave madej mistakes,-anvherp, by a little' cqmprGhen- ! j derfthe same circumstances. Your husband j - has: been so "quick, tempered, ;soready to Had fault, to sco'all youf, imperfections; and overlook all your efforts to please him,; so inconsiderate "But let me tell you," interrupted the first speaker, "that he has not been alone to ' blame. I can see "now. 'instahena whprein I rniirht havo trained; respect and influence thought andirie uso ot my own- dor-- 1 'mant powers I niight havo rendered happier with him, had I not lacked" cbnfldence in : pj' t wo fiivesi c.Y6a". must look; ".'farther j, You unctuous ior,iut, uuu inoru m my owu ability to' awaken within him" tho love for 7 wjUl never havo just the samo experienco which I pined.. I think tho 'dl&ippolntmcnt Jithat I have had,' but the Ideawith which I; in our married life has been mutual. He .'Would impress you is, to raako themqst of all his hoped everyihingjthat will aid in making life pi spiring, fancy had grouped together in cheery and agreeable,-,- . And to let 1 naturo , pass as :formingi.a model wife, t And when Jie j everything of ' 'fntir?f1 thnm Tint r1letTrninf mnnt Tfnct en lightly and with as little notice as. possible." j r,y: Tho elderlsister ceased 'Epbaking,:and,tho great that he broke forth: into ajstorauof ; p'adjccind.'radi un : rounding scene) and saidin a voico' uhcom-- j ; , ? ; '' -- ! . . - nno hnnri J the ssneakcr.-;wither shoulder the other stray- injr caressingly over the disheveled hair. Hho' looked down into the weary, sunken . a a 1 r eyes an lenuer sympainy anu saia, auer a -i: "close" besida resting. urx)n -- ? A LESSON FOR YOUNG WIVES 1 u, : - -- I - - . S. L. City, Sept. 13tb, 1S75., . but anticipated another gush, the clouds .r. ; MADETj. t ,c hot have gathered so often.or so black, might migni sometimes nave passea oyer witnout NOTES AND NEWS. ; bursting; arid triihgs might have beenfdif- fereht. But it is too late 'now. Nbthimr f that I could do would inspiro him' to look ( performed at the Centennial: at ,'Norton upuu mo aa auyming dui ir ;Has3by the young Jadies of "clas3 75 and spiritless creature without a' spark of true a few of tho tinder graduates of Whcaton sentiment or brilliancy;' Female Seminary. It was carried out with" "Onco wheri I'was very sick he came and appropriate dignity and, each part well enquired after mo with moro feeling than . sustained by tho juror, witness, crier, clerk, usual, spake almost tenderly and told mo Judge or lawyer as tho case might bo, by that ho had twice absented, himself from ; the young ladies. The scene .was very sugthe house that day,to pray .in secretfor my " of woman what some be at gestive mayf ; Had ' Ireached up ray arms to recovery,. ; ; ; future time; in the Court Room; clasp his neck, thanked him and. whispered : TxiE.i Woman's. Journal" says women are ; Qod , bless you; dear ,bne, I do not wish to leave you now it would havo been befitting f .filling into telegraph offices, po3t oillccs, etc., ' , tho occasion; anu the relationship; we held iq New York; in fact, doing duty in tho detoward, each 'other; and. I do'not think. ho partment over which Gov; Jewell presides, 'and - race ting iiwith 'commendation Tho would have spurned me then. But J .merely manual laDoriis light, Uonly.need3 a clear acKnowieugea mat i heara him, by a faint head -- and uordcrlyr waysVandxhothn these murmur, and turned languidly away. If -his heart waa touched and softened toward, Woman ihas;at command;;" Tho;: Journal took thinks tho objection to employing;.women no n tho mo, I fact, but let advantage of because of sex is antiquated, and that : it it pass without nQtIce, cannot holrevivedi Employers aro.gener-- 7 1 7Again, ,one , lovely Autumn, evening, ally arriving at; the rational ; conclusion that when all nature seemed to teem tvith happi--1 when work has to bo performed Thessj the air was filled with sweet, 'up writ tcan do itas ciUcicntly 03 man they will glvo ten music, anu uower3 openea xo pour forth i ; her.tho preference.: r Thi3 growing apprecia delight; I; wa feellnghalf; unconsciously tion of woman's work Is- - certainly gratify-ingi- o a serene and heavenly peace, as I reclined all who havo her intorcsfa'at heart. on a- broad bench which stood without the door.' A hand was; laid very gently upon my j ? Cii ang es are continually iaBng placo in shoulder, and my, husband actually smiled in thqsp who administer gdyefnment3, and on me as, he took in the sons of tho sur-- 1 and tho gradually them, : - ... - : . . " -. ; Llnling together the divjnest p4rt " Of man or woman, la affection true, ,, :.t ' T . Twill elevate and purify the heart, Imparting strength,' to bear life's Journey through. beautiful colorsof course. But-ait :"is u c! plain, simple .trutbf please," car young it'forlwhat'it is worth. iAncl if the, ExroNENT Twill allow mo' "space, I will follow in another, number with A Caution to Young Husbands. V ' V s - - , i. st ' i ; younger one pfomised.to'dp hVr best to pfofl t '. , by what she had heard.'."',, r. V . - a "No. 'i.a! i . T , , i d - . . ; j ? prcyaiUng Influences'of Not many" years ago there wwe no Jews among; .the leaders, of tho peoplo in Europe. How is it how? "A Jew leads tho popular movement: in Germai jPafiiampnt.'i In .England Jewi sit in Pariiainehtrand oh the Bench;, wereasf half a century t ago they could hot even arrive at full" cltissnshlp. They havo full liberty of tho press as writ era anq rtninKcrs., in tnq .great city t or Borne, where onco JeY3 wcrp. only allowed to dwell near tho Tiber by gracious permis sion how a Jew wields civic 'authority over that very city. 'Spain, .which was .ro bit ter and cruel in :her perccutipVs. of that," class, has enacted a constitution t ha tV'at least ro- stores Jewish Worship at Hadrld' - ; t y ' , ' -- ; j j -- ! to-find-In- mo tho-qualiti- es ea-,'sa- nt, -. ; .- -- an-unkindl- ! y i ; A Boy's ENTERriiisE. A boy was around ono of . the hotels' yesterday to ..get, a job of -- ? blacking boots, when a guest asked him: SonnydId you hear that tho World was coming to ah end r iGreat snakesi : Nol? , exclaimed; tho hd, instantly becoming; "excited; "wlicro can a ,,.l' t feller .buy comb tlckqh?,': -- " "-i-- " 