WOMAN'S EXPONENT 10 JUNE, QUEEN" OF. SUMMER . . JEedolctjvith Spring's perfume. . .1 the gloam of early -- evening, falls a radianee fair;" "Softly ' s '5 Nature's jewels sparkling V Jv ' Fairy foot-prin-ts crery where. Listen closely to; the zephyrr F V Falatljr- breatbiag" God is here, 5 And the echo's answering ihurmurrr , lAr;: r i r Angels vol sea lingering near." " ; dew-drop- ". -" 7; j-es- Semi-Month- Meeting of tho Senior ly - while. Respectfully, Association held in tho Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms May 29 th, i 1875 was one 5 TRIES.. After tho usual ceremonies and reading of miuuiua uy iutJuiutuv a uufc Ulrica,-- iue president Mrs. M. L Home expressed her-; 4 UIUl CU1UCU - Willi U1U UJJUUIU5 - U14UU young ladies; spoke of her sorrow on account of President George A. Smith's illness hrA :hnr rlfxslrft that nil nrAapnt 'fthnnlrl Tirnv for his restoration to health if it was the will of God. --With a few other impressive remarks 'sho gave the meetiug 'into the imuus in tuu oiaiuia aim uisu iu viicu jrreai- dent Joseph Young who was present to address tho congregation j he very cordially responded tothejnvitation, and addressed the sisters in IT very earnest and forcible manner. Counselors P. Woodruff, E. Howard, E. R. Snow and Z. D. Youpg, Mrs. .W.. East and E. S;Barney each' fepoke c6n corning tho work now in progression; Coun.J Z. D.Yourig alluded particularlyfto those Who were asleep in 2Sion; appar:eUtlylnsnlred''toi.. arouse ; tho sisters: upon V. that subjec t. ' Throughout tho meeting every ono seemed actuated lri speaking, to drift. In to the same' and 'feeK dunu?l, and true union of interest aUH V - ; I- Dear Wo-thou- - ; : . : : f wo would v, try ght ' ; to interest your readers with a few word3 fromtho young Lidio's Rotrenchinaat Association of .. North Ogden. . ... 8 5 numberWo .members.. ;wo ; have held 1 0 meetings only, wo wero organ! zed March 1 4 th ; 875, under thodirection ' of. Prcst1 II. Wheclock who has really, been a father to this pe6pie hcrej he has arousod n feelirig'of interest in 1all . rhattcrs of improvement u nd worth. '''', ' ' On Sunday tho l 8th of March, there werb 59 baptized'on tho .25th,49 more ero added c I; .to tho church On tho lGth of last month; wo .were favored with a visit from Sr. Eliza R- - Snoiyand Sr. Howard from ;Salt take Cifyy and Sri Richards and others. of Ogden; thby attended the Relief ' Society meeting and had a good time.,,1 :' j m.et also our with They Retrenchmeqt and som'o us counsel excellent gavo Society wo all appreciated; both 'meetings which r il v" wero well attended. . : , . ' ; own faiths 1, 7th. Resolved that we will 'endeavor- - to keep the Word of Wisdom according' to tho . spirit and meariing thereof. ' K.v Eva E;. Chad wick .President' ; ' ' Martha Michael; - . ; -- ':- : : the!-afternoon- - Tad-drejss- : 5 Elizabeth phadwick, " Esther Chad wick ; Y 1 1 c efit)rton of oiir Gentile ; residen ts! Rafter- wards observed, ho hadnevern heardTijet. ,ier preacmijg-y.- j At ne ciose oi,ine,jneeiipg io 1 ornizea she ( 'Association, if it Was agreeable to the feelings ofUhoso heVwai addressin g, and requested all the?young, ladies that were in- - favor of such' an organization:: to .meet witlL- - her bnthe ' folluiving (morning iApril 23rd. A'COnsidorabld :nambermet at tho appointed: tirnb' and a Yolirifir Ladies Re trenchment Association was organized Iwith rt the following officers. :x J ; 8ikep(deiire ; s 1 4 EllcnorBerret GcorginaSparkmah Secy's. ... ., ' 1 ' .:..;:. j. R6ce:3?ort May 10th, 1875' ' ; DiTOR ExtoNEXT; . We "tho sisters of tho Relief iSocietyl of Rockport held 'our second apnyal rreetin en 'May 6 th When Bishop S. At wood from Ivam-a- s and :Bishop Bryant' of this placo :were M. J. At wood President present; also Mrs. of tho Relief - Society accompa. nied by Ann Harder' and fiister DeLuco. : They gave us much ;TiluabIdiristructIon upon the priyilees, blessings and duties' of " of-Ka- mas "Re-trenchm- : V " erit : Mrs. Agnes Young President,' ;f i . " Elvira nealy, Zilphaung, - - , ,:." . I Missph li'.:$phy4Bessinger, f M&im$,-,,At it . :: :; I :: Miss Ada, A- - 'iKeridoll. .' '. f Mrs.;ArndaJJarlow, ' - I Seqtary rTprnimJi Rn vn trn 'A cqi ef n f jRaftVofnVn' " r EXTRACTS. from . the Brooklyn Journal of ? education. , ." . thee ' , . XJnderlyihg all once. religion. Virovern merit nnVi which-- At. JhO 'present 'xlay ' fenraWiiA fJv.J?:'!-thduffhta'aridfinflrtrN 4nf women of the. land, are those of Heredltv iiygieno VAhd .Longevity. Not 'yet frilly i:ht . 'riX-WA- -s Isabella Crandal Vi lf Couelors. ' Sarah Jane Wades, j J Emily Knowjes, ed exceljcnibunse . 4 -of -- . " She held tw6?meetirigs5bne With thd''ReiieMS6- :Thursday April ciety on 22ndj and another in the evening; of a moro general character, at which the attendance was very large A t herrequestV many: of oi young menwe tfiem".;yiy? 'earr4MtiyVf.vlnjg rthem ; " .::':;r urable hrcali in OurtisulilmdnOtony C ; ' Secy's. th. .Resolved that : we will read good books, and attend Sabbath School! and meet ings whereby wo may obtain good "instruction, and our associates: shall be those of bur. : North OoDEMayjCtny 1875. J Exigent: -- ! , :" -- - ; ' Chad wick President, ducted with singing and prayer; and that we seek for the spirit of the Lord to direct us in all we say and do. 3rd. Resolved that we will daily attend to our prayers, and live our religion to the best of our ability, and do unto others as we would wish; to be done by. 4thl Resolved that we embrace as articles" of;burrIaithUhe? Bible;; Book orMormon, Doctrine ancTCovenants, and Jtherstahdard works of the Church1 withrf hepreachings of the Presidency :arid 'recognized authorities. 'J 5 th. Resolved; ihafwe wili;retrench f rbrh the use of bad langauge, evil shaking of ;pur heigh borV and .associates, and from ' speaking against any of 1 the "doctrines or principles brduF jaith; and rthat- - we will avoid loud laughter and every thing : that is . ingprevailed, ; Fairfield May 3," 1875. i Woman's5 FxioneKt iEditor It is: rarely that any thing of 'note- occurs hdrevl"baTtK&.fecerivisit of siBter" Snow to the Relief Society in this pface waS a pleas- l - ; : nori and Aiice '.'MtMalcin fCkbnlorsKCfi- lone. Jiiercnai treasurer, paran . oiaiwer o Resolutions of the Young- - Ladies' Retrenchment Association of North Ogden;X March 31st, lB7om r;r:--1st "Resolved, that it shall be the duty of the President to attend, and preside at all our meetings,' and if she isnecessarially.de -taihed, it shall be the duty of some of 'her Counselors to preside iri her Absence. 2nd. Resolved that we will keep good or-der in our meetings, and they shall be. con- r.-:T;v-in- -:- V terprisCT ourselves, xour oisiers in me uospei., v J: E.: . t QEORGINA SPARKMAN, :EliEENOR;PER- - rett possessing the characteristics ota spiritinf 7 enterprise and energy in tho work now belug t;ugagvu tu nun uutcu cuwi"uj ' mvsocleticsof sisters, nam ply, t h e Home Indus- : Eva ".' " j the colnmhs 6f the Exponent oiyhiclivwe as sistersxin the Kingdom fought to practice 'WYr nttftli fnft rvao v f lutions and though we.are young beginners, wo feel that we may not be the least, after, a R. S. REPORTS. The ht of " t tho Gospel arid; tho Societies. The report of our society read by the secretary showed the fundi" left in 7 the Treasury amounted to cents. We fifty-oigdollars arid forty-fi-ve have had more of the sisters join our so- -ciety in the last year, and though there are but few of us in our littlo settlement we Striveto be united, and hope by tho bless- ing of our " Heavenly Eatherf Hfc hold out faithful to the end that we may: obtain that crown of glory laid up for theaithful. We on tho 22nd, and assisted us in our duties by her timely counsel and advice, encouraged us, to enter "Into home industries, showed us how to commence and left with her a us a spirit Of enterprise; ";Wenow; re-- " alizof the importance manufacturing bb more can and thus all we independ, direction. that in arc taken ent; steps being i Wo feel to ask the Lord to , inspire, these sisters to go among the peoplejmd, continue their labors, for wo know; they are blessed the Lordi and wo hopo ere long they will ; w, again visit North Ogden. . i When oyer wo meetjogether we talk of the refreshing time we had .with . thoso tal- entcd. sisters: arid we pray for their welfare And the prosperity of all .that labor: for?Iho good' of the Saints and the building up of tho kingdom of God.: ;We enclose our Softly tread 'midst buds and roses, Fragrant with the, breath of Junci Blossoms i teeming o'er with sweetness Crovralnjj glory ef the summer, J unc tho Queen of Nataro'a bowers! Buzz of bees, and Insects murmur, Sonars of birds beguile tho hours. . uhr. E. Barney also paid us a visit ' For the ExroxExt. . j r u. . remcrnizea rMhA'rnftfrtT5tt yljmrrMnce, still they inslnudte 'thein selves:'int6-6ver- dlscussirtrt:i v ' 1 statistics. Being, vital Questions;-they- ' win assert themselves, and in time the speculL . YV: a lis m''nrriXi havingm'j v: tive mind' -- J0?r?eyjOnly; After vim u par6fuily consider- - ,,v.w he preservation ofijwuui;uua,'iransmission. health;' and 'of U4 lifc-aii- d ; , decjiv' , Man's responsi bi H f v a n m liV' X . - the, caro and preservation rif his own life, wiu . do rcieari y. denned. Natural, laws will rsopplint ' society jaws. The apparent conflict: rtwVc'n Science and -- T ... . - a-- - L . 