WOiTAN'S. EXPONENT. . theas-sistanc- e 1 1 ? ' ; there j and return-.jinThe ride on botb'ingj the saij on the lakpj the grateful rests and sou interviews beneaththO rboff of Ifrvpiintop'scommbilfous house," were'all char-- ; acterized by a full flow o theVrene and Holy Influence everpeculiar 5fo old age? after;, well nt useful days of, , youth, and middle ragpe. was indeed a joyous day, 4a day- of feasting, I a day never to be ?forgotton. o Surely r the must realize muchfsatisfactlon ?tem plating the perfect success witli which their 1 : efforts were crowned, gj It u hoiidayf;;p:, '! i.,'Vr "ri,v There will be a grand musical entertainlead-- , ment at the Theatre Jane 3rd, under the" ership of Mri George Careless. The Oratorio of the Messsiah will be rendered by "a large number of v ladies and gentlemen who have been engaged in practising with a view to this entertainment for some months past. Lovers of music and all interested "in musical talents will enjoy ,thlsthe mostlcarefully itfained and highly finished choir of --voices which Salt Lake has ever produced.; r -- - . in-co- n- ; HOME AFFAIRS." f''.m NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN. Although a fortnight has elapsed since the excursion so skillfully planned for the 'old "; - 1 Special meeting of two days will be held in Iklill, Creek. Ward,. Saturday and Sunday, t June 5th and 6th,fc; and? at uWest Jordan Jane FACTS AND FIGURES; : f s J In JIavanna for $475 you canr purchase thousand oranges. f :: ; , ! -- 12th and 13th. :t MoNiDAY EVJENiifo May 31st,J thV pupils .joyable. , 1,500,000 French mqnand 420, ' V r 000 foreigners; r ' t England imports 550 tons of, Ivory of which sho retains for homo ' en- - Theatre which was Juighly creditable and4 .. , . Inde-IpenHenceBaliM- 1 1 C R"Saagefand first communicated to brother John W. Young President of the Utah Northern and Utah Western Rail Roads. The latter gentleman immediately acceded to the proposition of t lie former, to "give some' of the aged Sainb, Hhe LorUs aristocracy ;a ride on the cars." Accordingly, the famous excur- 27thJtwasielI;at tended by an appreciative audience. Mr. Fabian was a friend and school-felloof Dickens and well sion o Lake Point was; arranged, with Bishop Edward Hunter, George Goddard and Charles I It. ; i' Savage as committee. men and One hundred and eighty women, seventy-twas whose each over sixty, average age wo, were brought together at the depot on jthe morning appointed, May fourteenth. .And with these, all comfortably seated in cars for a ride on the Utah Western Railway, was asufll; cient number of blind j lame and halt, together with nurse3 and help for some of tho. infirm and the .very aged, to. make up a company 1 of ' , . . -- I X. VI1IIII m.m a A A ATI A J W . A . A CI . - A A 's A U IF AM hundred and forty-fopersons; -- I Sunday school excursions, school picnics and young peoples' festivals'- - of various kind3, are of such frequent occurrence as to excite but or dinary interest on general bccaslonsr7 But a day devoted to the aged," for their especial 'amusement and enjoyment; has something : :'vi originality in it. t;'r:','r ' v ; ' ; Charles Dickon's "said: ur : 1 . 'There la nothing ou earth half so hoi As thp heart of an innocent child?" j 1 the Maynrd, 'Ejdr; Orson rjPrati stand.' jilany stranger were prt sent upbnVach and gave particular attention. ''J'' Pkesidext BniauASi Young and George A. Smith, : Apostles Taylor and Carrington and : souie: other elders visited Provo and held a Occasion - meeting there May 23rd, which was numer-- 5 ously attended, and an excellent spirit prevailed. A special train brought them homo the " tame evening, t Miss Delli Clawsbn received her first b$n- -' eidt Saturday .evening with an attractive number of thejopuIar and profess- ional artists and some young Misses'volunteer-e- d their service on the occasion he ia Vgreat I favorite with the public and her rpularity has -r been justly earned.:, : H v h "rJ At American Fork, June 1st, there will io a grand Jubilee in honor of tho birthbay of President Brigham Young; the chldren! from " all parts of Utah county aro to participate in r the entertainment Special arrangements have to5; 'been made convey a Jlmlted riumber.of "' V,' 'r-children from this city. ' On Sunday," the 23rd ul i.', .while a number of children were crossing City Creek, a little above l, a little girl eeven President Youngs years old, named Emma Hammery fell in1 and i was carried down by the swift oirrent.1. A gentleman being near and heiring- thet:niia scream Buccecded in rescuing her; whtn taken out she fwasf insensible but was subsequently J': '; . "resuscitated ..'";"- iI '.k. . (prb-Vgfamme- ,ta : . ; 1 1 But wo say, if there is anything' on earth that can compare with pure and lovely childhood, certainly it is ripe,1 beautiful old age. The swectncEsand freshness of the first gu'iloL less childhood is only equaled by. the ..::sublimity u j - - ' . , lht- i ; - r; Tiie amount1 voted by! JP.irl iamcnV for: " de- 4 Canada amounted to $10,178:400, afrtrreirato losses to insurance companies $5,47G,400 ; J teachers In Rhodoi;I$hnd; the averago'alary. is $83 per t.montb,f female teachers $43 the .ratio tmaler' to Jemalo teachers is one to four. Jbor maio : ?, . There ure in Boston , paw-mil- 2 of the second. first time ii nee conference Sunday May lGth, Elder John Taylor addressed the cougregatioru J , -- -- ayi The New Tabernacle was opened for the ' 1 y, fraying the expenses' of the British Arctic expeditipn this year is X98,G20j - . J The Increase of specie' in the Bank 6t prance ''has f been1 very considerable; " recently in oneVeek tho increase amounted to sixteen million frarices.'. II; 'V During April tho : aggregate- - losses by fires throughout ttho f United States and jacquainted withjiis literary careivl ; i;I j nn-nuall- J w ' , 70 tons, r the subject is still not devoid of interest; for the event was one long to be remembered.;! :nhot 1t was a beautiful thought suggested to BrO. " eon-sumpti- on : are about organizing a society in this Territory the object being to diffuse information on the : subject, to encourage the raising of cocoons hl- - : and the manufacture of ribbons ; Mr. Fabias lecture on Dickens at ; r v ,,.. v,.j,?.;?j:,.;...,T,:r. : A ;few persons interested in the sill? culture - . a j Paris has 'of St. Marks school gave an entertainment in the -- tion, and above all bur duty to Him to ' Whom r B I we owe all. ':r.:: i -- : com-rmitt- ee our exampje; wenf about doing good; "He lived notj.9 aggrandize himself, not. for the happiness prone, but for all the world of mankind; Jlis actions and words were replete with innate purity, with tho most unlimited charity for the faults and weaknesses of humanity! . ,He extended tO the poor and the erring the most gen uine sympathy; yet he exacted strict obedience 7 te the laws of heaven. -- If we would be truly followers of Jesus let us bo watchful of our own hearts, and seek diligently to become, wholly jBubmissive to the guidance of the Holy Spirit which He has promised usj andwhich will teach us our duty to ourselves," to our children, " Territory and citizens of Salt Ijako City were cortiially invited to participate." The' proces-eio- n formed at the Court 'House and proceeded in lineto Camp ..Douglas '.where Jthey were greeteur withVa national salute after whicji there were exercises at thocemetry all of which committee had been previously arranged by on dismissed tho ground. they were then as" a observed The day foUowing'was general " excellences ' ' Day was observed at Camp Douglas with military displays Officers of the "old folks,is not dissimilar to a day spent with the children f save thai in the former caie, the Wdrds spokeni the care bestowed rendered and the sympathies indulged all : '"arise from feelings of holy reverence' instead of j a reciprocity in Innocent deligbt and inerri-men- t. - equals-p- ' Deckjrat" ion jrjierefore," to one passing from youth to miu- dlo age, a day thus spent: in the society ot the ligence and possessing almost unlimited advantages for qualifying ourselves for a higher ex; istence and calling, move on from d$yirtmy Bcarcely casting a thought beyond the poiitioh we occupy here,: satisfied if wo' obtain . so trifling i' pleasure sometimes: forgetting our Heavenly Father, whose hand supplies alllbur needs, and without whose j aid and aistance we could not exist for on brief- - moment. rt ?H. Has the great Cieator given us such gifts of mind, such perfect lodie so pable of action, so wonderfully formed to bd the sport of accident controlled only" by circumstances? Are we not the arbiters of our own fae? .;Ajrauf-"- ' edly we are individual agents, to do, to beand to become, whatever it id possible for us to ac complish; if we aim high, and our courage -' 5 : 7,2 1 4 worn en taxi payers whoso aggregato taxes alone, annually amount .to $l,29G,693-nnthese.. very d women are not allowed tho privilego of , if is asserted by President ' Abbot of the Michigan Agricultural College, that forty-tw- o percent of the living graduates of 'tliat insuiuuon, are engagea in 'larmingpf gar fL t dening pursuits. The issue of postage stamps of all kinds by thVpost-officodepartmcn- td amounts to a little" oyc$2,00d,000 ;an; in crease of about 2 0 per' cent - on thd xorres-pondin- g month of last years It",,. An Illinois juryhas given a verdict of 25,000 against JV. J. Storzledjtor of the "Chicago Times" for the publication of an article assailing-thcharacter of Alice A. Early of Bockford. the highest salary paid, to male Is teachers $30Q per month: to. female.teich-er- s $220 per rnonththe" ratio bi mald: to ' fe-- " male teachcra(is! 3 to 7, In Hass. tKe'ayer? age salary pef month for men' is $934'' to women ;oi.oi, ino ruuu ui uraie lo ittmaie teachers is 1 to 8.' - V"-- ; X'r . ? o i s P;lN-nilnoi- : ; - Without beggar, ni -- rich heart' wealth ;v ;: Ti3 rji nly . 