TV"-- ' TV 122 ; . . r.v ..;J t .- l' 171 RESPONSIVE.; - Do' That wealth is worth more for the earning", ' And rubles more precious and rare When counting the cost oMhowkuaJngr rj Of this I am fully-- ' aware. , iC And "alsotfiatlnea In old Babylon "7;v i Are gruilty of luring their preyt r And then with scorn and derision X: '.; .., , ,.; . Will ruthlesly cast it away. ; ; But that 'men who are holdinthe prlwthjo,, ! ','?!,"' Pretending ltteachlTi8r3 to heed,' ' " li To find these so utterly heartless,' :'V: tt ."Would be a sad lesson IndeedJ::i-,,rC: I fondly had hoped for a dawnlnj tLik iJ.-.'Tv TnTTT v;;fOf iOnoceaoeihappy and bright, ? r ; Wnejt man in his strength and z.: . ;.s Would strive to be guided by right . Oh! man Is thine heart then so fickle 1 T Eo prone thto irrattd error to mate, " .' ; Aa U) spurn a true.beart's devotioa i; And folios ft mjrth ln.It wakelrim' Const ihou valpsnpordrar j 13 fleavea but craved througa the ran? . M ' ;: f ; If 'this'is hy stahdard of action ' r : J ili ' I scarcely dare trust thee at all? . 1 i-- ' J : ; - hlsidomr . . - . r ? . ' YeYstW, (mint I Wn it? there lingers Far down In the depths of my heart , ' V Au idea) man true iand noble, oivC , Who scoraeth the recreant's part, r A man whaia shield and protectoic, A counselor, monitor, frfendi f w Who loreth a Woman aa Woman, 21 And not as aineans "i& an end.' ' n '"' . vWOMAN'S BIGIITS.V Is, I - . i s 'V: .. ,r i : t. i .'i her simply to bear the i faults 'of man? are taught, that'Eyo was the 'I know we v : 'i ; ; ': first to sin. Well, she was sim'ply more progressive than Adam. She did not want to live in the beautiful garden for ever, and be nobody hot able even E,' aprons. - I believe in woman's rights? Yes, in them in many ways besides that of voting. But in the first place, I solemnly conprotest against womans being judged, laws 7 demned and punished according to tho Ogden. that she ha3 hud no, band in. making. :in deed X4hink there is great .need of a revolution in the sentiments off 'Jboth :m:en and wo FLORAL HINTS. men asweli as laws. 'We frequently react in 't the newspapers of the day, of one man run h A aIn of tablespoonful guano irig away with another man's wife. In a late of soft water, administered onco .in three pro rnAnf thi3 kind, after a few weeks of sin ibur weeks, is an excellent Tfertili?erj.fbr 4" ful pleasureV the runaways got sick of their houe plants., . ,;;T,7hI fniiv'Atiri returnea to ineir jammes. jlu iuq Flowees in winter timo aroj cheap juxu-- r evening the relurnedgentleman was ; seen ries. Nowis.the Jimetcto rldfnffoutwitire roorn , andwiqdo ws. gratulated him on his return and pittied tor winter jbloomUn him "poor fellow," for being led away by Write to a seedsman ;fbr aatalouge . whteh s, tliat Bad, bold woman. ' It was not his fault, will inform you all about :managemenya-rietiefind It is wife ou crht to be proud of such a prices etc. and then v$ry i li J tb Or f nico honorablo man for her husband, if sne much, as you,; may Inciineinoor;winter ' j Fi.'ifu'-j-.i-ipwas a; Jvirtuous woman: 'But bow was it gardening..';.; of1 the Boston Tran- with "the woman whbnv ho had seduced away from ner nomer, was sne la Ken pacK script gives the ioUowingvayotpreserv- to her familv? Kb! She was not fit for the ing autumn leaves, vis; v Iron them fresh companionship of innocent babes, and the with a warm Vnot hbty1 if on oriAvhlbh some bosom of iher noble .husband. r ; Oh dean spermaceti has been! ligbtlyT rubbed. This no! He would eet a divorce and turn her method preserves perfectly their ' lovely out to infamy and a life of shame. For now, tints and'gives a waxy gloss which no other who would befriend her? bhe was only a one secures. The process is very rupm uu.- woman; therefore sue naa no, ngnt to ex- very agreeable, and no lady who ever iriea ' or pect any mercy. ; the tedious1 and uncertain- experiment, ' True, the law of Moses provided for such oressinir will ever again resort to it iifter ! i cases as the above, that the guilty parties once trviner this' new abd' better way ..... I i.. should be stoned to death. T should have no objection to such a hiw now,as long as they wero to stone the man as well as the woman; A SPLENDID! DESCRIBTIQN.j But it seems that eighteen hundred years ago On a certain occasion, one Paul Jteutan, a the world was as bad as it is now. For then Methodist preacher in Texas, advertised a 4 they brought a woman before Jesussaying, better act in was of woman the Master, this emtilednJt caught the 'people bad nished. U j ' U: her? be with done shall What deanerAdoinaheiiccrwdjniMjQlil;;' adultryjwhiat j u.i nce f reveu uas; Mr. Paul iJJenton, your jieu. sayest thoii? And Jesiis said to them, "he Mt..f hot You a.good'vrbecue, only promisedhel that is without sin among you, let him first betteHi(iuor;-Wberetcast a stone at her.'? And they which heard There ! " answered the' misi6nary7 in tones " conscien-cesown convicted their by j of thunder; and pointing hia iongri6tiy finger it, being went out one by one beginning at the at the matchless double spring gushing up in a s was left alone two strong columns with a souudliko a. shout ;1 eldest unto the last, of the earth.' "There! . and the woman standing in the- midst. of joy from the bosom a wnn iook lerrnue as ngumiug, repeateu, When Jesus saw that the woman, was. left be ' while his enemy fairly trembled at hls'feet ; o hath'rio unto man said he Eternal "woman alone, her, " there is the JiqUor which; the God simmercondemned thee?" And she said "No man, Krftws for all his children. Not in the j Lord." And he said' ''Neither do I con- incr still, nversmokv fires choked: with poison of 1 n ous gaes, and surrounded wifhthe; fctench demn thee; go and sin no more." ' your " doth sickening' odors' and corruption I remember some years ago while riding Father in Heaven prepare the precious essence ' home with some neighbors after fan after of cold water. But in the! gfade and noon conference, some remarks were made grassyydell, wherol the eer wardejr andtie about President Young's ; teachings in re child loves to play, there God brews t and- . in th dpeiiest .vai evs. wnere ine. iouu- . gard to the treatment of the, Elders to their rfnwn and tbe'rUis slnr arid' high iip tain murmurs wives. The driver of the wagon -- who was ohl J the mountain" ltp3;3Therethoigranite I an Elder, said, "Do you think I would ever crlit tPM like cold in the BUn ask forgi venesss of a woman ! I answered crash;: and out; on thai wild, wild sea where ;I him "If you should doyour wife an injury, the hurricane nowis music, aau meig. wra(r ' would you not rather ask her forgi vness; roar chorus - sweeping in. the,' march' 'of fGod--- hbrews it the beverage of life, healtthan let the feeling created by. the wrong there hewater. And everywhere it is a unngoi she had suffered rankle in her breast against giving mi beauty gleaming in tne in: the icebingiug till ? "Nol never as so would low you genif, I stoop the summer; rain,: shining 7 they seem turned to living. jewels,. spreading a to ask forgiveness of any woman!" sun, or;a wnue I presume many if nof. all, who read this golden veil, over.,the setting around tne mianignx moon , eporuug m; article, have heard similar; expressions from gauze uuik the cataract, Sleeping in me giazier, similar ignorant men. Now I . would ask, in hail shower, folding its bright curtaioa ; the what is there in man that he should consid- softly around the'wintry j world, ,and.,weaylngr . , er himself so much better than his "better-hal- be iris, he serapn s zone juo vu If he sprang from the Deity, did not air; whose warp is in the raindrops ui , in-tis woof whose and woman also? If ho is mado: of mettle like earth, checkered over with 'the celestials that the Gods are made of, is not woman flowers ofallthe mystic. hand of refraction that made of the same? If ho came from his - JSo .poison duu oj blessed, Fatlier's loins, and was nurtured upon - his brink-:.ifoam brings net raadnesa and mur Mother's lap, what other place did his sis- der; ho blood stains Us JjquiU glass, paie wiuuaf; not burning tears . ter come from that she should bo accounted arid starving childrenS-een Its depths I rjeaK out, my ineuu-nu- U.u so inferior to him?. If the. Lord had a purex c nan ge xt,ioz ints uhwuu p pose in creating tho male part of humanity, youCOhol?". J Vhad ho not equally as good a purpose in cre A ehout like the roar of the tempesi answer- f ating the female part also? Or did lie make ed No! : NsBi - -- -- - 7 1 f - 3 I "J" - On tho 7th inst. the Relief Society of , thp EightKVard held their annual meetiDg which ihouldf properly ha ve been held on tho 23rU of lecembef, butl was .postponed , on account of sickness among tho officers. .iThee were ipisent,jsidehe usual attendance of members j of , the Society,, Bp. Sheets and Counselor 'Brockbank; also Sisters tE. R. Snow, M..XHorne, Z. D. Young, "PWoddr'UuV and GreenRicbaTds- .ter tho usual preliminaries of opening and the reading of the which wa3 ad Averevery salisfacfblytho dressed by each one of "the above named brethren and sisters. President Mrs. Mary X Lea ver then arpse and said that aUhougb the afternoon was iar spent, and tho time bad beqn toccupied i n a manner most gratiand nter-Uufying to herself' and ins ;sho was sure,' to. all present, she wished to add a few words '; in favor of her sisters' ir thd .Ward, and for their encour-agetneI She bad found thoso associated with her in the Society, always on hand to do whafeverduty required for ; whicli she felt to thank them. She also felt thankful that th ey ha4 a Bishop who was wiilin g to counsel with tliem, and render assistance by way of advice or whatever, wa3 needed. The sisters had mostly. come to seo the ne cessity of retrenching In many ways. She saw no new hats or bonnets worn among them this,- winter; they were wearing their old ones, ..some of them had been trimmed up and made over, but we're not new. ,. This she considered creditable to the Society. An Industrial , Society had been partially organized in the Ward they were soon to hold another meeting to the organization; after which they complete intended to produce and preparo for use, everything asfaras. possible, which , they should consume, ; After- - thanking, tho viiitorshfbr meeting with the Society and givin instructions and encouragement, Sister Leaver concluded her remarks, tho choir sang Beautiful Home," meeting was dismissed .. with prayeradjourned and by Bishop i ' , - g, ni' . . - - ' i - Dcc.th,l?74. S. ItEPOBTS. ? 1 , p. ".'-- I bfclieve dec 15th,1874.) ; 1 11i " Respectfully jo Lu Dalton. (EXPONENT, OMAN'S EXPONENT - v i , y . . bar-bec- rligu'or-thartHaVusijAlly.vfo- ue r- " ! and-Jesu- - 5 Hfe--bU- re , : i-- r aew-uro- p, ; -- many-color- ed fl feunbedniS'-of-Heaven- he -- life-wate- r. U p - - ! ; - ''i"" '4 