lu ... I f 'i 7 7? Inff 11:1?: aft Vol! 4. null m :;ff! .- .7 7 -- , 1 For theBxt5!f toe K4e; jesus. ctn 2 prehendQ Aher- true - alr I think upon, that sacred name, v J"s In And that name,' I pray; V' . t It kindles to toy; $ofdl tflame ' - That cheers mo day by day. The music of that precious name,' , ;ADore all minstrel's art ': r ":' ' "Wakes,' In the mind,'a nobler almj n - V And motif e In the herfciit fa lit J ,1, ' ? ' - ? Its matchless potency I claim As bulwark, shield andtoweri B.B.S. x For the Expoxext. STEP. BY STEP, learn to go. n Step by step they) aclyance into the broader and higher walks of life; and still in the same manner must they pursue coursennto the'ehd T Thref isl no in 'contemplating more1 than one con-sisteh- cy step at atimo1, Th ca3s Vhero necessity demands "haste; we may quicken our steps 1 reflect 'tends towards happiness or misery, Would be into light or into darkness; r foliyito undertake a walk i through, a prpwd-'e; lt ; busy street with the eyes j?hut; extreme i folly to; thinfc of moving; .on ward; with the kingdom of t3od in i the r.wayi ot salvation, havirig the eyea closed andltne hearty sisaled against any"; principle pertaining to, the Gos-pe- l; But when the eyes are able; to seer'and the heart to comprehend , the dealings of God among His children, then is the ?way ' plain and , following after ' righteousness sweet and beau UfuL Then is the yoke feasy ' ! ; , I - calmly and surely the yray may be wended. , A young woman who had been but a few years iiiarried, once talked in' the following -- ; , " ; -- -- - - c. asked. vi she why r One of the young ladies iearth..1--. i- ?. , ; ' . s hnrl ipft li or food home and parents, fox the ' ' nsakb of marrying r. uiiU :.l "n ,v i"jr; i ; BccauseV. she answered, I d Id not ,knovf any better. I had , been warned, Jmn c ! -- ' could not appreciate the blessings', by, wbich I was surrounded, nd so I ;was unhappy without any cause. Now I see my. folly, and if any thing I can say will help. to save an. ; other front acting in this fuoluh way :'X shall . , .; fceglad.M : r. You seo thi3 poor woman wa unbappiiy constituted, but she did not know, it and chose to blamo circumstances instead of . y;--- : 1 ' i . . lor - t er time and place, bringing mo 'into now J i globni'of doubt and despondency or in the broad, froo' light; of hopb and trust.':vBut: choose which; path vo mayi the ' shaded ;or the sunny ono, It is as well to remember T that we can move only so fast-fs- tep by 'step to Is be and that nothing gained by ' head-lo- ng 7'' haste. r ; ' : . ; .' J : one walking intholdark. - Had: she . com-- . r .Ilrsf cExCEiXENcy iPresident :' t . - ' . . KABEL; - c : has-'deliver- ed :his messago to the Senate :nnd IIousoi of iEepresehtativesi and summed up I his opinions of the country, tho people, ;and ithe future. He specifies five particular subjects upon which he'epnsiders it necessary to legislate this present session. He seems to feel moro concerned for Utah than any of his, predecessors have done, and is desirous to establish spme: status by which plural - wives; and their offspring may bo recognized. Tho . "p633ibiy innocent plural .wives of 7 Utah" bought 7 certainly to tender him Ta votoTof thanks, that Is; if they did not know,: that in tho sight of God and His ser-- : vanta their, status was already permanently ' fixed; f vT' :'.. j;;;, Jf Joaquin ' Miller,! wri ting from 'London, give a very 'plcasingthough. brief sketch 'of some of ihe celebrHted Ladies of r,Ho speaks in the highest terms of e :, hospitality and warmth of eelln"g;;arid" says: "In fact, (any of theso great ladle3 will make you' feci as much at hdirie'iri half an;hour, as if you'd gone to 'take tea' with a favorite aunt" Of Jean Ingelowhe says: "She lives in the aristocratic Kensington Gardens quarter, but in a plain and unpretentious way, and is very affable and accessible to Americans." "Georgo Elliot" Is sometimes seen in litera"but ry clubs'wlth her. husband, Jin Lewis,hum-bivery rarely. Sho lives In a very quiet, lit- d way in tho north side of London, in a y house. Lady. Hardy, another tle of the great ladies of London, livesjust opposite; , Mrs. LInletten lives in about the heart of London' In a moro pretentious : 'stylo. , Christina KosettI is an Invalid and lives with her mother and brother. Tho ladles of Literary London have no meetings : V, as they have in America, l-i- --- i ? : -- Lon-y;db- a: 1 Vtheii-genuin- - . ! vs andldve ahd:j6yoasriess. i't 'flight ' '22 ' 'Thus wo ina' walk Jont either5 iri'f the ; ','. Grant s ; provo as each oho has lin the past; that God . ' 7'li i;- - t 'i jjaaniner "to' a c6mpanytof young ladies Said 11 you , are wise you wul uever sne, "(i ' iris Lmarryf 4 A'yourig woman who has :a good home js'lcwlish for jseekingrto Jbetter -her "condition by leaving it for any 'man- on ; ; ropm,f - . L jdoubtsand forebodings; f iSp serenely. happy was I at the time when knelt in'the holy sanctuary, beside ; him;to Iwhom I; pledged eternal f faithfulness, sa.nd afterwards when, he proved his Jqvo and -fidelity so' sincere, that I scarcely looked i forward to any future hope, v But; after., the birth of my little one, the unparalleled blessedness of ;tho new love which came i made me almost wonder how X could ha vo felt myself so perfectly blessed .forsoj many HI ; years rithojit IU: iuu: T wan t i every step In ray futuro iifo to u 7and;tfohurdenTlightj;t . faces are said to bo just been chiseled.thatTho of Augustas especially particularly fine, so. Thewrio discovered in' Africa; ni ,. tiHit I, ili Hi :' i .til,, ill y f . soisatisfiedithat.mpmyers.b .and answered; that tnere was no Em-peroriLttrid- " daily practice of prayingtHat I might bo directed by the Holy Spirit in choosing a husband, for I had believed that . I should : marry sometime. 'And now I felt so secure. J School. : ' 5 - 1 wbfchl prece v thought of fearrying. much as' possible the ' The days seemed so beautiful arid dear to me then that dreaded Ja! changed lest . it should bring lfess propitious ones. But when the day for my. bridal arrived.I felt no misgivings whatever- - For ; years f I had made d, h is rocently,six bdsts of the finest; whitemar-;ble,- ? reprbseri ti nghe fi rst six Xtoman they are many centuries I , old they are koj'wn preserved that theyare, in appearance as periecfc as u luey uuu ho l i ri Tu'ere Wave beeh placed in the liouvro . mfmy-yiiardralf;llid'chiia.- AVyoining, : Uvas-trul- oriceind e very step in lieJerthe;young Governor Thayer ' 'placQn-- en-joye- d,' .1'' N0TES AND NEWS. : - 1 ; 4. as-rwas,jl- i , 1 -- estt f,f 15 - ;in-ciin- ed Jr--- , H 1 1 recent Message to the Territorial Legisla" f ture, endorses the system of Woman Suffrage arid adds ater six years' practical trial he would recommend its continuanc e. Woman's Journal. bravely for the cause Tjnessee'is doing of jwopan iriorip of -- the departments'of the helrdi'oedUcatioa "Voriiaq Question will "havmade this&plverthati1 theyr ' less not hereafter pay any teacher money of fault tho than another for being a single woman instead ot a man. " It is said this decision is causing some little excitement in educational circles, 77 mife tJNVEiLiNd; of the Monument in 3feriiorybC the fpoet Edgar A. Poe, took placo'Novri7th; in; Westmlriister Church yard ,The;C0remonies attending tne aeai- catibn , were' sublime and Impoiinev ; Tho Vreiiniinary.exercisey to the.unvelling took . 8 : vi : what small means a human heart may be plea sed and gratified. When I was a iittle girl I was sovhappy and so --well satisfied with the positron 11 heldjiahatyer JEqugbtVpf ;many of my little wishingila heibig;-awas sometimes Thalf companionsdid.! ) I; tor wish: toaremain ivoman,- Ii should f not baY;in?hjiyna ;pleasa0t times.fi: Ht ii tnu; hu fhvo v !But faSI grev? older,VantLjby and: by, and Jlo'vers, came to balls atid parties,-twaufill'np the Vacancies :I had imagined, in giving up the delightful; romps land merry games which as a chiidvlihad :so jmuchl I came to belieVe that youth ;instead : of childhood 5 was mdrtalibrigh teat ,d4y. Arid instead of feeling theioxtra wotlDWhich crowded upon me as If grewjaiiburden,! felt glad and happy all tho;whJlo:that I was becoming dally better, able lo do something v dt .A for myself and for.m friends. i the y "Wfien i wa3 married,1 i t ?l)ar-Ing;a liappUst'day I had; e ver exprlettced lo'ng:'ahd blissful maidenhood which n umbered usias ;1 That name embodies strength and pow'r, mortal breath; v.' . : ; And often in the trying hour, ' Averts the liand of death! iJ i r Vim? VtHV f.'l!; name that the of merit, 07i' 'Iboast ' generate its powe r-, ' shesaid"Itis wonderfulioxbhlempiat feel arfftue Inthat namelr The 'name in which we pray; i n h That holds, in faith's eternal chain, J,( t ;The powers of hell, at bay., f 1 1 f 7 jwsitlonshoraigh t - s j ivjjz.tiln.' p through.fr:rrf:T-t-cti?irflrrt"y:opposite side of the I wlll shovvypu tho picture by relating how I heard a young wife" and mother express herself notaongsmce: " -- f have sweetened her .cup" fjltfoby,uHiiar' ting a sweet , and, amiabiq diippsitibnt! and by opening her eyes tp tb be in life and 'glancing,as. hurriedly apbsslblo over the dark see nes he yaa oUed id pasi 1 jthie 1 1 f. : ( - - SAKT LAKBo GITYj JTAHva DECEMBER ! 15, 1875 ra ru n ;; V , '' f- - two-stor- : . 4 