EXPONE WOMAN'S ISO N T. urn.. ....The BostoiFochool-girl- s beat the.sf - and not be held accouhtaWe?1 We believe in : dents of Harvard; Universiny at a spelliii a!' things upon, natural principles; then wo match in the Boston" Music Hall. Of the have a vast to aecomplishr and ' in .this we eountry;127,73i''rie' to should be the 221'teaeliipw A:'torncy-C-reiiWilliams tendered diligent and untiring, in our .efAt South "Bend, Ind., a fire, on forts to live purer, better a,nd more exemplary Pr kle'nt the resignation of his office Ayr. women i'l's-'.ttake effect on the loth of M$y;nuiior the 10th of Apr." burned- a block of frame lives.buildings, total loss .$75,000, insurance 20 It cannot be done without thoughtful care sivy: Sec Bristoii will bo elected in his 000. In the New Endand and Middle and Til i e Harner Senior member"of study, wolearmofc borrow it all fronj books, JSthimw'-feiin -- nine places :i! Bros. New York city died on the11-APr- . it from others. But we must ourselves, to the depth of nine inches. .....One thou or'copy i ening of Apr22d, in his 79th year train every faculty we possess more carefully, The report that .tlje President requested sand emigrants went West on the'Sfh, on and seek more watchfully to guard against evil Sec. Delano to resign is said to be false....:. special train for California... ...Notice of ac influences and tendencies, than, we should Hugh Smith Carpenter, D. I). of San Fran- - tion has been given itvthe new six mill-iowa tc h t he grow t h a nd -- eti i vat io n -- of-t he most eiseo pastor of ihe Presby-- j suit against WK- I. Tweed...... A new delicate, and sensitivejpln'm. stage line has been started between Wall; terian church at WasMngfouJ). The tastes, affect ion s,. senUments, feelings and Mattie eiitor Clinton of New Orleans lias been sus- Walla and Wallula Oregon-Mrs- . Mrs. Gaylord of Boston Mass. has recently been" passnns, every gift an quality that is inherent pended from office during his trial Piosetta E. Buckingham an able adyocate lecturing, in Oregon she is a lecturer' of in our character?, re susfeptible'of an unlimitof woman's suffrage died March 23rd. aged some note both in England and the United ed development and refinement; but. it must-ba it can not be done isi a. day or steamers do and from San Miss States.v-,,Tn12, at South Glastoriburg Con an hour, or by adopting any system, or code of Craee Anna Lewis of Penn. .has been lect- - Francisco and Coos Bay will touch at Cres cent Nov.hereafter until the first of morals, or manners. And yet, it is in ...... etiquette, City, uring Boston on Natural History.. Boy, these means, the world is apt and . by !h;;oug!i Bobert Colyer's popularity in Boston is ., b.l.'b-to ...... still increasing. juclge Patrick (Vhea who mureurielnng and ennobling WOMAN'S THE which stamp perceptibly the carer of EXPONENT. dered, his wife in March 1ST! hanged in the jail-yar- d one possessing the' truest,. and widest .enlarge-- , in St- Louis on tluJQth-..of ' ment of rnora!, menial and spiritual develop- - ' tenrnered his I.. KEC'E RU IIAKUS, Editor. ;. April.. ... Hartley ment. resignation' as United States nanml COItXEJLIA II. HOliXE, Business Jlanaarer. If we but carefully try each time we do anyWashington Territory f...;.Chafles Tappan the last surviviiig'nieinber of the in Lake Salt ..Fal.lfhed gvnibii!,V'.t!i!t, City, Yl:h thing to do our best, and pray for' the guidance One StJ.O.'); one copy six montl;? co;t-gkcTerms: year,in died C. D. of the Holy Spirit every day and hour, u e shall society Washington Apr. Ten capto for Uic price, of nine. Advei tiflmr Vice President Wilson lift's rll.Oi). (jlh, aged 70 Each FU'iure, t. n lines .(sf iionparci! ::v e, or.i not fail ,in- our attempts to acquit' ourselves-"Ae?; A liberal .dicont to ir.mttlt, toOO. changed his mind with regard to going to tlme,.'?2.O0; honorably and creditably,, in jwhatevc-- position rctinlar advertisers..' ' bar 'pi-- . we occupy. We are laying the foundation of a Exiu;nc!it OHiee. comer of South Pontile, nitd Fir- -' " FOREIGN. 'J fioin Ens' future, whi(fh wid be illimitable., And in view opji; a. in. to 4 p m n 1 aesijftvs ami sanmiars. , of this, ought we not to. awaken to an instant .parliameut in Italy Jnis directed that capi-A fliiress all jiisineps eoniinmii'-iilionto f tal punbhments shah be indicted within auu vjvid consideiation ot tite jtiihcatiee of Fn f.!n; r V.'i m ax's Exr:NFVT, . Suit (';;,-- Utah. ; wails..... in letter the, tjnjtHJt .single prisot$ postage .uexico is .jcii Shall we shrink frm any respaUstluiity irn- ri us use- Aintli,' ince HALT LAKE CITY, MAY 1, e occupying the papal chair has' created posed upon s, by. the age and time in which cardinals the total number at pres- we live?. Not, by any one individual can the ent is ..Cardinal Manning of purposes of God be accomplished; it is the 1 CULTUBE REFINEMENT: London is s riously ill with nervous pros- of humanity, and in. our own hearts-problem ' tration....;.TbevBritish House of Commons the temple where we must commence; oil is on the evening" of the PJih. of Apr. disAn. not ncifct.cd; c ing- into exercise every faculty of our higher !, i.f. liea-o- iv:uM, cussed the Belgium question. .....The Pais? And we tvi:l vAi-- benvr is's efr rs nFi " natures; and if each one iu&2vsted in the work t' he bill sian Diet h:tf jnis-e- d abrogiitbig the Wiiafc wonderful jiowcrs and capacities ..for of- of progression, woW-;i'y 'causes of th constitution which allow 'interf- unlimitefl oar Credor .has e;? 'fmprovenreiit ideas, sentiinents and sympathies unfo!d.their erence inraOaii. pertaini ng to religion . ..Mr. dowed us with, an'.l how Jit'Je are they updr highest aspirations, open their deepest living Bobcrt II. Elliot has published a pamphlet :o lor stood of musses th. iminluifd! by appreciated fountains and strengthen each other iri the ithe "condition- of Hlndostan as regards the' British rule...... John Jay U. S. Minister, to' Chifdren are born into the world, arid develoj grand and mighty wdrk. of..xe..am.a.!.id physic-alliido men ami women, receive per Austria has sailed for the United States peiieeimg, iney would tneret.y secure tne i 'i ,, : .... ' ,i : ., ua a n eomm oceui'V uruiuary a t a and greatest" Capt. oye piiu happiness; and erect, for themselves gentleman distigulshed phere in every day k oi: sncity; ,anci ifibey and those who shall follow in their footsteps,to be the greatest pianist oiiieer so iivea! not Paris. guilty ot any overt aet Ire loftiest .standards for emulation. Emperor of Brazil proposes to ; abdicate in'favor of. his eldest daughter the against thlaws of me'i, and leave thfir naai: An innate and true refinement of individual .Countess d'Eu. upon the earth, fancy t lie-- have AJled the niea- - character, will' be essentia! in' fitting us to is Nji-- , tnu oa'y ?ure. or. Uieir creation. and in the i:r.vi r..i.. mingle participate scciety of exalt purpose lor wmca we nave been .reatt-- in the ed beings; and those who anticipate being the The Woman's Medical College 'of the to receive . - their .e.ci image of our Maker, (..an weex'ect a of reward-;recipients glurluus i New lork Innrmary held its cojnmenee.u..i:. brrrr wT:h fiee3 Jiere, and yet waste the liirie, means and UnioiF Leaguer Hurl exertion for quro'.v'n improvement? at Vt'aeir free, diS;osal, with lib ...... A first week in Annl. 1jill passed the We receive and power--- , as elf-ro- e opportunities, gifts heavenly fixed .in view, but fo enjoy the luxupupose house at. Springfield Bl. recently allowing iiLr- in oar individual natiirc-- ; r.re tliey ries of to'the fullest extenf.wiil a,sur- women to become 'notaries public living, .....In Were being.eiitivated indefinably.' meet with edly the Michigan University the report of the disappointment; jjiuKIn the en u5 "to bo', wasted or Jiiddtn awa' filial judgment, the talents they have hidden 'whole number ti' students is J, ID I. The 1 they gi Tiio Baviur ia nrs. parable of the talents put to away, will be called for and given to those Who University Library contains SGOO Volumes The National Woman's Suffrage Asscia- - usury, has clearly .druonstrated this fact to all have been the most faithful in the c'ultivaiiora tion will liold tlieir annual meeting in intelligent being-- ; an yet many llieiisand of the infinite attributes ofjbe soul. M ' Union League. Hall New -- York May 11th, go on from day to day, in an idle seirch for ; ; .; b. b. wants. 1S7-At the centennial celebration of the pleasure," or the gratification of mate-ria' battle of Lexington the churches in Boston, when above and around are f he rfcsr'ite?.4. for .SCHOOL KX A M I N ATICpr- Kciens' rind li Jura hire, were crowded. development in .art,' Concord and Lexington Lanterns wern hung out on the- belfry by whcli require the agency of Uvisgs j An examination of seme of the. advanced g fiie son of the old sexton who .gave, the the'highH-cuHiyatioji. classes in" Miss Mary;B. Cook's school, at Uie We profess to believeOorfliad.a same signal. to Paul Revere in 1770 Mt. r Cloe'of the' last qu-tloth, was veiy nto wis Uy to, Female aa?Anip1isli Calling Holy()ke existence; entertaining, 'and e .mrnenuab rvot the efllits going hjive Seminary a new building at a cost of $of00y.;i?..'At but do our actions frulv a fevcrf-ne' n,d abilities of I c'Ji ftiich'-- and scholar-- . Th ere vi e w i Kg of a e a- a jTi A m e i i ca n History " : thirty-nin- e Can we go on your! women was paiticuIarJy intm-stingenergies, negk-ctiaAj j.auntly evtay The proceeds of the bale of Sum.ec-r'art our oppoit unities, nJ In j roiii tly and t.titiing scholar in ' exttdled' legacy is to he used for the purchase of) with the.advayUtge"givenu.i fortreiist.b.'-tom.tUy-iiHsweiiua bnig 'ot' jfjncsti snsvir: Muse-vTrststuDa and bassrx:k;f4 lton-Ar- t elauuetJr- - tbe laws and coni.titution of 'the United Mates; SPLINTERS. ' , -- ' ".--.- . -- l - . - . 1 1 - ." 1 life-wor- e k; charac-'.eri.-tic- y.-a- s - , , -, . f;-:- anti-av-cr- y - - " p-r , i , -:rs s ! i . . - nine-tyrnin- fifty-seven.- .., -- v-- j - -- . , gr-Mt- . e'iuv.-;unu- ls-sai- ? - j;-i- . - i- I .ment-esereise-rs- t - .of . ! 1 l J t aiH-ttWrn's- , '. . o4ii t d.'-finff- i;r-po- se - 1 stn-lvi- wa-tin- g o-i- g thuu-Ii'U-.- Oy th---- n . yp - r 1 h-- 