k6tes and, ':; - 4 NEWS." ; California is to make, a full exhibition of ; her Minerals, mines, wool, silk, fruits. . at tne centennial. I.e... grain anu jaorics if -- . W .... is terribly agitated witn a hartford . ghost which appears to have made a serious impression on its inhabitants. The ghost was nrst seen by a student of Trinity Col lege March 21st, and again on Monday night by a watchman. : A secret political organization is said to have been started in Conn., the members of which pledge themselves to support Grant. All its sessions are secret and ail candidates for admission are required to take the iron l A - 4 : clad oath. In England, the women', have a "Wo man's Protective and Provident League," a "Woman's Educational Union," and a "Mar ried' Woman's Property Act" 'Like the women of America, they labor with unabated energy and perseverance to secure their political rights, ind to qualify them selves for the proper use of the.same.. The Cincinnati "Commercial" describes a "glorious spelling-match,- " which came off in Pike's" Opera House, the participants including editors, doctors; lawyers, clergymen and merchants.. The house was packed from pit to dome; it opened with inspiring music from the orchestra, and each failure was followed by a shriek of discord from the trombone. 'A brilliant gilt crow"n was prepared for the champion speller, but it did not adorn any victor's brow, every ' ? one of the spellers failed. facts are related concerning the ' Strange organ of vision. A schoolmistress r in;. England, who is blind, can jreadilytell.i the boys in a distant corner of .the room are playing instead of studjringy while by a person using the eyes hb sound can be detected. A few years ago there was a blind' man in England also; who was a" surveyprand planner of roads, being guided byrhisear in regard to distances, as accurately as another would be by the eye. Much as the precious power of sight is prized, and terrible as the 103S of it seems to those who nave realized its worth, it is wonderful to contemplate that had we all been born without eyes, we should never have thought of their value. 4 i 5: : . - back a$aiu among her brothers and sisters, and unest texture and the purest quality in all with her, parents, she seemed to think anything respects, that have been made .within the would answer, and went about untidy and rough in borders of Zion, than we should, to bo comsoiled finery. At her uncle's she had been pleas- pelled to confess that strangers were the ant and polite, and had won golden opinions from manufacturers, and that we had been pur" I think we should. all; but with her own family her manners were as chasing of careless as her dress;Tand she seemed to think that I'll tell you what, my friends, I am more homo than ninety years old, but I hope to see the courtesy and kindness were too expensive-fo- r wear, and that anything was good enough for time ere I "have shuflled off mortality," home that I shall have a beautiful home-mad- o There are two many people who, like Lyd ia, silk dress to vear at ono of my birthday? seem to think that anything will do for hornet parties; and I invite you all'to come to it. My heart is full of blessings for you all, Young men who are polite andjleasant in outside ; society are sometimes rude to their mothers and and may God bless you forever.-IiHOIXV ItlCIIAllDS. ' snarl at their sisters; and girls who among strangers are all gaiety and animation, never make an exertion to please their own family. ANGER. : It is a wretched way to, turn always the smooth est side to the world, and the roughest and coars ; I think we have a very good subject for est to one's nearest and dearest friends. "out-siders?- , . WHAT ARE WE LIVING FOR? our meeting this evening,' and! jit is ono which we can all realize deserves our attention. I get angry very easily, but am ; try-in- g to overcome my Ill.temper, and. striving to correct my faults. If we do not cultivate ourselves while wo are young, it will- bo much , harder to accomplish when wo aro older. Wo can, begin by being more patient with our little brothers und sisters, and speaking ; kindly to those at home. Seek to cultivate a pleasing manner towards and when we go into society, wo1 will all, K 4 I. til. u ru5pLcit;u. Willi uu ufsiuumcu,.t uy .'Ainoso whom we are associated.: , My dear Sisters. Daughters in Zion. I feel as though I could no longer hold my peace, my neart1 is so mu wnen 1 tnintc 01 all that lies before us to be done. How broad the field is in which 4ve have volun teered to labor! And what great necessity there is for our being firmly united in the work which we have espoused. I would that I might do more than I have power to accomplish, to assist in the great practical work of the redemption of Zion I heard the ; remark recently that it wasL and the salvation of the human family. not always tho prettiest girl that was most And were my strength but equal to my attractive, or most! beloved,-anit is true. zeal, I feel that I might aid in "turning Tho manners and conduct of a young lady some stones," in "Dinumg some coras," in will secure the respect and esteem of thoso "weaving some threads" for the good of the at home and. abroad, if she is careful in her common cause. as it is. 1 nave no inten behavior and truly respects herself. No tion of remaining idle. I can still knit and true lady will cultivate a proud, haughty darn: stockings, braid straw, feed chickens, disposition. Wo should pray continually make and mend common clothing and many that we may bo truthful for we aro told in other such' things which are of considerable the Bible that they who speak falsely; have life. But what their; consequence in every-da- y portion assigned to them, and they ever I do, I want it to be done in the spirit cannot. bo trusted, for we cannot lock things of meekness, with an eye single to the glo- up from them as we do.from thieves. ry of God our Father, whose continued May we have power, to overcome our evil mercies to. me are "beyond the power of propensities and walk in the path which ongue to tell." I want to bear liw testi leads to, eternal life. ' . Hosebud. to is all worth that it you my sisters, mony S. L. City, April 1st, 5 875. to live for the Celestial Kingdom of God and to do the workiwhich' He assigns to us, no matter, what it may be. If ho wants us to raised silk and cotton and wool, and, rnato our own clothing, all right; let us do so The best law Tho golden ule. cheerfully and vvith thankful hearts. '"If He tells' us by the mouth of "His Prophet, that In' ascending, the hill of adversity, may it is best for us to produce and prepare bur we never meet a lnend. . t do"tlkt us and food of every kind, let also, :of man's sta Let not the our feel blesf in gi ving ch(ldr6n good, whble-som- o tion render himgrandeurand any wilful; but let proud sustenanco that WO know contains no hini is remember he when with. surrounded poisons or hurtfui substance.. Let us work a crowd of suppliants, death shall level him for the good of the world; for the building with tho meanest of mankind. up of the kingdom of righteousness. 'h For Wiinjr Carlyle was engaged in writing all other efforts will surely come to nought. Let us be wise and know for ourselves; what the. life of Frederick, he had prepared a we are living' for. Let us1 live us saints special study apart from his library, whose should live, in purity and "humility; all for walls. were covered with books and pictures the, kingdom, not each for self alone. And of which each one. without exception, was n some way connected with the man of by and by, when thp Temple is prepared, and the city irready): our1 dear Father - and whom ho wa-- writing. - They who are not, may heverthe- Ibrd will come and visit ; us, and wo slmll even for a time specialists, all know Him and bo owned and accepted ess follow hisexamplo so far as to take caro of Him. v: Don't you think jve will all feel not to surround thernseltCfs with distracting v better then! to appear in garments of the objects. - 1 1. L d j : ; - flowers; ; , GOOP. ENOUGH FOR HOME. ' W&y da you put on that forlorn old Jdress?.'.. asked Emily Manners of her cousin Lydia, one morning after she had spent the nighFat Lydia' s 1 House. . ' .? ..:? ' The dress in question .was a spotted, faded, old summer silk, which only looked the more 7 forlorn' fnr its once fashionable trimmings.' now crumpled andfrayed. . ."':'"v '''. J- - "Ob anything is good enough for home, said Lydia,-nastilpinning on a soiled collar, and twis down ingrup her'.hair ia a ragged knot, she' went : to breakfast; v.,;, y hair is coming down "said Emily. ; ; 'c"ynr "MOh ;neTer tomdIt's good cnougHT6'h6mc.,, said Lydia, carelessly. Lydia had been visiting at Emily's home, and had; always appeared in the neahair prettiest of and dainty collars and cuffs; but now that sM was ' morning-dressisand-wit- h '- . 