WOMAN'S EXPONENT. V .r V HINTS "ABOUT CHILDREN. 'S : , POST-MpRTE- . , 151' f rising and setting sum Why should, wo not live to bless the living, .to cheer tho dis ' heartened, and to sweeten ctlps that are bitter, to hold un the hands that hang down. in- to comfort those that mourn, to bear-Joto joyless homes v luna woras win noi spoil a man; If a sermon hclps you, it will do tho preacher no harm to tell him Bp, If tho editor writes an; article that., does you good, he can write a still better one U you book send him a word of thanks. ",If blesses you, do you not owe it to the author to write a grateful acknowledgement?. If you know a weary or neglected'one, would it not bo Christlike work to seek every opportunity to brighten and to bless" that life? Do not wait till the eyes are closed, the ear deaf: and the heart stilled. :HDpit, now; kindnesses do 'not cheer. Flow ers on the coffin cast no fragrance back over J.-the weary days.-BeMiller, in b. ' LOVE, M Jr.f NAraWheni a child ,is old enough it will usuajljccase to want a paid l day nap. ; There shd especial' a go. Sp'm e children 'ni're1bngcr:thari:x)thcrkrIf it Why H it that so many people keep all heir pleasant thoughts and. kind words about ajnan, bottled and sealed up until he isf dead,: when they come and hreaK the pot- LIU DVCl jus cuiuii, uuu uaiuu ma ouiuuu iix fragrance? Many a man goes through life with scarcely one bright cheering encour aging, helpful word. He toils hard and in humble obscurity. Ho".'erives out his life freely and unstintedly for others. I remember such a man.' He was not brilliant; he was not great j but he was faithful. . He had many things to discourage him., Troubles thickened about his life. lie was;mlsrepre-sente- d and m isun d era tood. E very bo dy be- ieved that'he.was argood man, buLna. one; mm. or nieasani iing ever said a Kina Y:'t He never heard a compliment, scarcely eyex a good wish. jno one ever tooic any interferes wi th good n ight1 sleep; theii1 It is time to break-- it u$ - "'There 'i ho hhrfn' in .k- ,u -i dinner. ' taking it after 1 f- . -v-t .- W-V CniiiDREJi , - - j; y - Sunshine. Children need sunshine.quitq asl muqh as flowers do; Half an hour is not enough. Several hours are required. The .most beautiful flowers that ever gtudded a meadow voui( not be made' half po. Deautiful.wlthput i days ";; and days otjhe glad light thajt sjeam3 through space. LighT'for children. rSunTOhbfdr the little elves that gladden this otherwise gloomy earth, deal it out in generous full ness to them. Let the nursery bo in the sunshine. Better plant roses oil the dark . ericburafiro himrtb ?$trenthm; his S: Tihaes. '. side of an iceberg than rear babies and chil- mirts fo dren in rooms and alleys stinted of the light leDie Knees, 10 ngiueu mis uuiucua, w iy ; AS DISINFECTANTS '.. " FLOWERS lift up his heart by a gentle dcea oi love, " that makes life!' . ': J ' ' ' : f or by'a cheerlul word. Uio ' was neglected, ' TTnkirid Ihincrs were 'dften Baid of him; f A writer In Saturday Bevle w states that : FBiGHTEikGC be worsVfor a child than to friefhten it. The ; I stood at his coffin,' and then there wero ip'roffissor Manteerazza has 'discovered'I that effect of the scare is. slow to. recover from; many tongues to speak his Upraise. 'heO ozone is developed by certain odorous flow -as. is was not a breath of aspersion ;ri the air; ers. A writer' in nature states that strong. sometimes untili "' maturity, it remains ' ' . Li a . 1 '2 snown uy nianjr instances oi morDia sensi- irpn ,5hok4?:'oF seltdeniaisof : his wbrk smelling vegetables, essences such as mint,, tHH ftoor.' of his' erood qualities', of his tiveness ahdjexcesslve nervousness. cloves, lavender, lemon and . cherry;, laurel his humility, his develop a very large quantityof ozone when Not unfrequentlj, fear is, employed as a quietness, of his modesty, means of discipline. Children Ate controlled vnronMs of heart, his1 faith arid praier. in contact with atmospheric oxygeiiln lightp of Flowers destitute of perfume da .not. aeyei-oby being led. to believe that something ;ter- - There were many who spoKc lnaignanuy au and generally the ameunt of qzonq it, rible will happen to them: are punished by the charges mai , iuiseuuu ' treaU seems to be in proportion to '.the strength against him in past years and of the being shut up' in" dark rooriisi of by being a emanated Prof. Mantagazza recommenas iii ' 111. 1111 iiau. iwvf vvi 3 Jmt In placesHhey stand In d read.'4 of. v No V; Vl ii ri n p t h e 1 Wo or tlireb that in ivi WAi.fi a :rh ri marshy districts,, ana placesg lmesxeu one. without ' vivid rmemorv of his own f!h'v i bat he lav, iii1 the coffin; and While the with noxious exhalations,1 childhood, can comprehend - how- entirely xvinix ftfrifid "iirdnhd! 'his Open 1 graved to flowers should be plaeed around ; th e! house, are.. We JiaYeoiienJieatd cruel such things ble$t him and made him happy all his in Order that tne ozona cmiueu; om uicju of the tell suffering they have. 'ahave grown people liavo! 'tti rowh sweetness may exert its oxidizing influehcVi.r'A 80 r& vah endured as children, under like circumstaa-.ccscuvi pleasant a plan for making malarious res uuuug and recount the irreparable injury winch and joy auom 11 is uui trict salubrious oniy. requires to oe uuwp w weary journey, xn ere was they are sure they then received. ,jp si- and a u be put ihtoracticFpra lonlimeiTW tifthepiacKieomn-shine w'asted-aborehinPnutfee,- ' lifewholo his rin rt mvfi to have made have been made acquainted, with the, fact rs young, is fitted for her position. Children, Butrhis-eaas clearest" day. - . that sunhowers are ot yaiuuua.ui3uueuwj as near as.possibiej should be trained, not to UUV h hnVht" the reason ox ,thi3 nas no? even 2fs,ifrsr closed then, ana ne couiu u i uew know the sense of fear which, above every were ttrrvrfl that was s heartiwas Btiu rtiitv flfiterminedrIt does not follow because uis id to be feared is their education; thing else, and could! not be thrilled by tho great- - flowers aro beneficial in a sanatary sense then, late." and both, early. f awuv round but houses that they "are Win our ful sounds, lie careu nomiug flowershat. Were piled upop hisf coffin.;Tio( houses.'1 ;PIaht$ at knight givo" Off' noxious iJiiA&S e e havef 'riot had a "woman's t,r Wncanmftfl nut too late. The kindness: exhalations, so do flowers. advantages eime when the life could? not receivo its ken as a rule nothing UKe rresa air wnujo- wwwm ni out any ouor wjiaicvei. Olie'ssingSj:::-'.- Udl.r'.'l-t- : vv meantime there is a great. libst'of true that perfume from nowersprouuuuo comes to me., a. juaii it as iue.ifue wouwu a ;a women toiling through life that change In oxygen-- which converts it advocate '.against " slander. weary men and in many ways the spirit of the timesrahd am deeply in- -' towards the ' grave, wno neeu cucunug, into ozone. Ozone is produced as' by natural processes so to purify k.t(io,air. fprpstfid with its instructions on the rearing wdrds' and ?. helping? ministries, i J.no After te&t io ffflfifp.riner to scatter about their cof-- : , of. chadren. a suhiectfc:sublime. : iu myusband- - flna. hilt. WhV ShOUlQ 0UBOt Ue bCUUWW ing in connection witb 4.can A GOtD.SviTCH.'t .WordJ are Thekind but 4v.Si. tvdav? at; I tviihq glance of, children, large family hearts and trembling oh their ir5n the 'wisdolri!; riglby, In ; repairing the bouse of Mrs from experience; iTthint itwlsdom io excite tongue which :iwili"be:spoken'-by:and-bwrecked by the Mill Biver flood, a llttlo be , , oue or her child a of theso When m; .Diccu, when low Haydenville, recently, her goia waicn by praisinghlm the pride wearjr now,lft not tliftv be deeds,-of- : spoken! kindnessj trathfnlness.'httlo; for were fouiid j ust imder the floor, thev1 need them so rmu'ch , and when J, their and chain letfvstfthatp a peice of board.' ' Thb house was hanging'td auu SO fa wmilfl:be in oW.n Pleasing grau$iuif T be lessehcTwhero ttuthfalhess appears a deal of upet by tho flood j and thewatcn nau crive to men; hiit of Tf vi little a doub nnt Never exhibit w JLV VVW vor of the child. at. thA time' thd flood camd'along-Whev One broughta- buncn ot ?now- even if achili , of felearpVi the aptness joy again, shaken it had cbmmericed ronhi'ng -ers to my Kiui uiiu, xu..4- - .. vjw e it is stupids Xr $ho'uld.ye .xhibitJunhe ever.as Tlils; watcn vrow apparently a3 good' une mnm frasrrance. our mv witu done, of by when.told act, a;.wrong lief - mo a cheering letter, breathing a 6pirit::of was once stolen, for whicn ouence restorathe it xqf but teach, .principle child,, was, convicted and is :now fryinouj I his .was came .1. It love;: and . , gratitude tion merited by, guilt sentence. .v. uua little son once said, 'Ma, please give weary ana ucpressuu, norpri hv the ancel for the old prophet. I broke n'Atif me a pane of glass for Mrs. S- will 17 droit Roman nippodromo nn in'ihi blessed strength for many iTrr one for her last night when: we we.re play- t. J and aniOne met me on the street and spoke close soon to give the- performers "excited days. buff." man's blind Indulgence ing to recruit for theEummer travelmals time -u UU' , x ran:with ,the. uuwu'ubr it glass; his.pride, and away he The establishment Will trav. .ana ior nourajx iciv the campaign. hand, ing for by to came warmly ,pay after which, .the .lady Jt, cars, and,; will and hearti inau woru cwiyi 61 by; rail, using-12warm grasp the that who was broke not "It yourtwy -'saying ifiay in tentsT 800Teet long; n it T7iu window but tho oneVho was in pursuit of. 'f i KmiiffK mv'SOUrlAlHUeTCniiti of Jives every day. ..There men, Women, and children, 600 hors;-an;.Yet tho. ii'ttlo fellow felt that ho had. the brighten' scores Who hfsidA plpchants. cameli, buffaloes, may not gladden and lonofnnonf ,113 confideneo of ; the lady, and all was.right a heart .between ; every c.vHow is that for stupchdoojsncss?: J;L many' strengthen Oxford Feb.,1875. M'Boice.' v? CuiLi)iiKN; iJkTO, ; ? -r 5 7, Post-morte- m 7 B. v. : :y "... Ciiitiai.othingn " : 5 m iuu f 1 ? strong-smellin- - ; ! M?-hh(i'1f- ii -. i ? : lruo of-dif- l It-ma- y 1 ; r ' 1 .' ! m-r.O- Q 1 :"-!- " 5 ifi-rTtft- n8 - . 1 &iup-rvA- fi , - u - and-help- , , r. v.. - , . ( ' t i . .- : . - 5 - evvv d , -- ; -- -- 1 -- -- 