na,.iE.""i7,-BarafiT- iiit Ills jut ill! 1 .r 7: 7r"T i1 A. f "". , it i Vol. ;V - - 4 : : it SALT LAKE.CTTY, UTAH, FEBRUABY 1, 1875.; 3. -- , -- ) , EDUCATE THEGIKLS.. cine at Zurich. Thus I; women doctors 'r are meeting wiih! success in Switzerland; i: WOMAN'S KECORDir. 'I ' !;';'.' qr - t-- . - r ; ' . ,f. I r - ' ' ? m Give our girls good, thorough, practical . Mrs. .Fellows, the Wife of the .Mayor o Elizabeth Cady'Stdnton, In'the Goldeii durations. Whatever to study, Camden.; Arkansasi shot a, drunken man asks;:'Shbuldan;! encouragejthem to learn, and furnish them three timesj iaat Saturday, for 'assailing Age senso' expeel a" classJbf Am wican clizens, v with the meansqf learning as though the aro taxed withoutirepresentationtjde-nie- d knowledge they acquire vvee to 'be pui to Mrs". .Marshall, of DubtiqUe Iowa; has re who the right of trial :by Jury; forbiddeh to eel ved $2,25Q for i 8,000 quarts of fitrawber- enter our V Every younglady Ihould consider for her conegesf compenea oxeacn scnopi - 5 ries sho wised last seaso"nr from three and a nan acres oi ground. i'J v. zMrs Anna Bi-- E vanaTTofrFbr t odge Iowa has sued nineteen saloonTkeepers and owners, asking $10,000 damages for making ner nus Dana a urunKara. t .Madame Ybshida wife of the now Japanese minister at Washington, has engaged u and an .English ' J It cannot be denied that,ln many dcpart---' a French mantua-taaker,ments, woman'syagcs are inadequate to he ladies' maid, as she intends to xgo t into so . amount of herlabor. But it is because the ciety." standard of her lahor hM been degraded1 by "51.IZZ1B Cha30i'IIuchinson,,AvIfe of Asa JB. ine incompetency ana unreiiaDimy oi ino chinson,of, the famous family of singers, and the excellent few havo been diedVi recently in iBusJiford,, ! Minnesota, made to suffer in consequence. Raise the whilojeagaged an delivering a lecture on siandartf of excellence by adopting a plan of education which shall increase the number, ; 'Miss Mthilde Eoedr.- tolybunxibof accomplished and reliable workwomen in iiu!st,Jhas achieved;a great triumph In gainall branches of employment, and there can irier : in competitlye3 examination : the first :;n be but little doubt that wages wilL,rife in 7 ' yi '4r proportion. k menexcept herselVu self that there is 'no knowing hat may, happen Iri this country i and . while 'she adorns her mint! and her deportment with j (nose graces wmen may servo ner in in 0 5 'highest sfatioftj and Ifrhich ard never out of -place even ih tho Idivost; she shbuld ;trytltp pre)a:re herself in bther ways tb'meet any and all changes In fortune, be they good or 1 : ? . . at starvation AVage's; and hubbedkenWliy . and every where, to feel cheerful,:goodrtem. percd, and full offun in the nursery??' -- : . . l- - r, , - ; ; - - KE'Yotm A rbby' borrowed a tool from a carpcntert promlsing to .return it at riijrrit- - Before evehl'nVloJwlw e'ut'pn anleVrano and jdid'nbt returEun lafeVJio. foro he wen V h was' told that lits brother shpuld;TOb;tia,artid tt After he had com and gone QbtfhQln" quired; aWfb sent to the'owner." :He -- ' i f.i i WOMAN'S TAPPXlECIATipN"6E --:r '. vrrt vTTt TTmxr f i. rr-- k fi- I - 1 MRs..CarplineH who has been deaf for years, had her , hear ing restored recently by a blowjuppn the ear from the leg p( a chair whicir one of the . . children hadijpped over. v. yv t ( t."f.:"' Mei en 'i'i.3 them-are wisest of very, easily duped 'by little artifices of dress and adornment by women 8eelc to bea'utifyt"theni3el res ' which; Vfor tHe masculine eye, shall I. &iy?) Jahd' a Avoman.thus geiton up yould rathor Gce a, regiment oi men inau ,vuo Bcruuuiiiu ' one ieen4yed,w6mah; Poi 'she , eye! of Mows full well that ."Jief 'baqdantTocki 'her soft 'pearly .'wmiilexlonV jWltlij'Juit 1 the Suspicion of blb6m on:thecheckW the; round waist anaiweu aeveiopea.Dusi, vfin no, more deceive that woman f than V a coarse;5 clay f iinodel will be 'mistaken! for Parian' by the : artist u -- : ,..' true ' NO the antiratipn: if one woman excites r" 1 cri tic male bv.Ker the another. hfeaufy. of; '4 ! , - - ? . TL-- . rlniesi Beatrice :l3 described asivdry JiTfifc sharp-witte- d rratherfihrewlfeh-indispoaitio- n and an iriverterate stickler for all the privileges of her rank. liShe inyste uribtf taking precedence;' of the 'Buchess'bf Edinbmijh, s : IwA-cbdisUa- n to think hispromiso riiad i tkept, but was persuaded to go to sleep and rls rmorn early and 'carry1 it homo thb next ,...)--not-bee- , By daylight ho was upland iiowhero was the tool to be found. After a long and fruit less search, ho setroif-fo- r his neighbor's In great distress" toacknowledgo his fault; But how great tvas hid surprise :tond thof;tool on his neighbor's doorstep I And ;then ;it appeared from tho print : of his little- bare feet in the mud, that he had got up dn his and gone sleep and carried the to bed again without knowing it.4 Of course a boy who .was prompt in his sleep was prompt when awake. He lived of his neighrespected, had the confidence inbors, and was put many offices of trust - , tool-home- . , and profit c - t f m 3lBs.-Bingha- has" retired temporarilyfrom the paper on account of ill health, and will soon go oh a visn to. Wisconsin. EoaygenerMymake up,, Wsoind tjmt "hundred nuary 'Trnld-Mvefibeauty, junuer comtcrapiauon is genuine, jes't!bf dollars for the prizes'. She "was earnestly arid no sham.'. j : - f .r . : in trio, stf eet.'cars, 'on 'thp ferry!hodt,;in aesirous mat ine .siuuenijj snouia receive the sbfee anil at; church the faco of a; sHch encouragement as would tend; to estab;.loveiyoman"'ilf.VxHb 'morft genuine ad- - lish ati Jannualjy ''rrrlng.lntercbliejgiato miration In One of her own sex than in that ind -- There js i woman, eixty years-old- , v of, the opposite; fori to iho true; artist -- or who, haiqg: worked all ! or I lovely landscape, a rare gem, a painting her )ifo ior .one dollar a week apd her;board, admiration a sincere, statue, subjectfor. has saved between $0000 and $7,000 f;Bho and not ; one to engender "enyy 'or 'jealous cannot be induced io mako her .will, as shd , feelings. ;It is noi tnxelhen7 tatjomen'' fears fho.wwld bo eureto die; if sho made bach b'th'eVf feeauty,V such preparations: for death and as she has as a rule are ehvibtis of ' j ' to hot-"- 7 . the contrary 7 the assertion of man no relatives, it is question what will rbt-co.withstanding. fGblden I) of her property. ; Vj Maria Vogflfn,. i., ; who ; graduated Mr. IL F. Durant- ha'f Bpeht ($i;000,000 last .spring. In Zurichj after a'lnlliantiy: sus--; ron building a college exclusively for the a tolnbdlQxamlnatlcraj'haettftd, ttiefe-as' il"and ch male, scx'near.NatickMass. '"Every officer practitioner in diseases of ;wom.en and teacher In tno: institute, from the Presi- dren, and : has already obtained arj extensive is practice.' Bhe Is now the wife of Dr.! Helm , dent down to Professor, and downwards, . ; one of tho professors in the 'faculty "of mcdi- to be a womanl" ; ve -- i 7-- 3 ( more,-aknarj;for- " . i . . If all the, grown folks" elf as this boy did, of Boston .who fqr several ihbre would bo iljuhda great many tracks of years has edited the Ladieseppsitory and bare feet found somo of these bright i morn- has done much other literary work in con; ' and what 1 piles - of tools and books ngsr J neetion .witKiheUniyersalist "denomination would bo fpuiid lying at their owttcfs' doors 3 . . : -- - .? PBOsasE, - d, -- fr- Phreriournal.1 J.Li TheToctiea! ind Practical-Mis- s Wordsworth to th sifter poet, was lpnssia$l through; k wood Trhich thcf fitock-doT- e was filling witK hb soft ciusio . tfhea sho fell ia :with'XicdtnitryiroMn,:whbZ-'claimed, "I am so fond of the stock dotes." 'Obt" thought Miss Wordatforth; "at list Ihare' come on one of Nature' poets sritlfa soul to' apprcciato the beautiful music of ikeytii&s,' Vdy ruthfexplxia-tor- y lessly was' the dream disehclant&I by ' remark bf the womibc 'SomVlikes em; In pies' and some likes 'em Toasted; Iftxfc for my 'i)art -- think there's nothing' like ' rtm ifcVcd' i. onionsl'' I ith -- f 1 me ;f;,( 1 - : 'I'A; WasErngtoa fecial gyiV.'flho. onlj ""irjxo are toHIng along to their business, ;eTidentljr. Ignorani "of the fact thathii 3 ? ihdlast "session w'wHeh'tfc" BepuJblicaii ? party-i- s aro Bristow t aud JcwelJ. pf They are conducting tHa serere bosioe ith fidelity exactness, respectire departments 'sensed' have . not heard - of anybody and common I ia 'who loves either of them, hut they.- are:,f Trholesbme'respect in every corner of the treasury - and postolHee' buildings." . to peddle patronage, - 4r-- -- - hi ; . 