continue, that we mayr become .'Use ful. We Park was chosen. Organist and Mis. Fannie After all hope- that ia time, we may be of some Y,' Thatcher A.sslstant FlUEXDSHIP'S mifST. ' e were' which twenty-thr.eyoung ladies use in Hie kingdom' of God. Treasured in iny pearl's best keeping,. members, bv unanimous vote. Respectfully, Nestled midst its tenderest thoughts; Mrs. Grant then addressed; the AssociaJ I ELEX E. A RMSTROXG , i': ' a memory fr esh with g a !.':.-- , L'v tion, exhorting all to be punctual" irr attendSecretary. With most sacred feelings fraught.ance at. meetings, and not let any trifling ..u- liLUCt e!ep the gent lest zephyr, consideration stand in 'their way. She Breathe this. secret polhe ;.!. i'.ui'N i n b?.. 1A i? 04v Aprii -- Otb, I ' 'ssffic-- of hekwia' cxriej;inc4;.-i.iva- y c '' l,ct it tee its tiuli.ffrag'' filler, of Editor rare. end Exfonet: rich encouragement, in overcoming diffidence Most ciiU'-iie- ; how she had gradually gained We praefk-by is Our Relief Society n prospering. tweeter than the cb. r, '. Ac a next the Fair confidence, intend having prosoul with bloom month, FWing was followed' by Sister E. It. Grant Sister a hall. new breath of to violets, ceeds Qr the morning go towards building of encouragement to words S0bw Heavy laden with perfHine. k this speaking Many of our sisters seem totalize that the ladies and a E irer than the choicest nectar, work is mission placed iTpon them, young bearing testimony of the V.'hleh "the Gods" .oxukant dfiiin, ofthe of to the' best their power are willing to forward it GospeL that the same maniThrilling every r.erve auc hire, now produced ps were expewere festations ability. Which the human hoart cont.iiu. and the ancient apostles when Jesus rienced I givo here' a few particulars of our last la the far, uncertain future, Zina-vDearth.She said if was the on were Barthe Young,. Mrs. meeting. Mrs:M;dt its change?, giief, or rn'iii; ney, Mrs. Steel and Mrs.. Snider from- Salt privilege of the young as well as the aged, Gathered closely toir.y besom, Lake City were here; Bishop Call and Other to be in possession of the gifts of Shall this precious trust remain. Js. such as. .dealing, the" sick prophesying, gentlemen were also present. Time may bring me joy, oij sorrow, was' with Mrs; by in'tonguestJnterpreting, ie. ;That speaking prayer opened Meeting Those now dear may colder grow, Zina.D. Young. A Circular was read before the Spirit of God produced the jiurest and Hut this friendship true and constant, must estrangement know. the meeting, soliciting the united influence greatest happiness that mortals can enjoy. of the sisters, in sustaining Home Manufac She related very interesting incidents that Hushed be every thought; or feeling-occurred in the 'Kirtland Temple, and exture. Which engender debt or fear, .Cherished fondb- overy impulse, Mrs. BarnejlPa.ife seme very excellent horted her young sisters to live for eternal That wouid render if'e morelei-- l and spirited remarks on Home Industry blessings, and fulfill the object of, their K.MTt.K. L City, Nov.'Uli, showing how very necessary it was for us to birth, by becoming noble women, saviors on be a people, and help to Mount ZiOn &d Said she would like, builb up Zion, &c. whether those chosen were satR. S. REPORTS. Mrs. Zina D.You; g spoke on silk culture, isfied, and willing to. till the office. unto told how to raise Mulberry Trees. Encour- which, they had been chosen. i'j Tlie.Semi Monthly meeting of the Senior aged the sisters to raise Each of the young ladies arose by turn," so that and Junior Retrenchment As- silk and ribbons might be made in our midst. and expressed their satisfaction in being sociation neld at the Fourteenth' Ward As- Counseled them to cultivate the spirit of present and participating in sembly Rooms, May 1st, iS7",; was pe of Qpd, and give fteif children good feah- - which was accorded, and not only a willingness butv determination, to fill their- posimutual' interest. NotwithstandinUs bea ''gala-day.waV the on hall tions and discharge their duties in faithfulSeveral the ladies other different crowded; ing spoke was ness.. branches and of Home . .inspirational', speaking spirited Industry. ' Mrs. Z. D. Young expressed her pleasure President Mrs. M. iAliorne in addressing Bishop Call spote words of comfort and ' Testified the sisters upon the iain.ubj&etof inter-- ' encouragement to the sisters, he felt tfeU in being present en this occ:;-joestat-hof to the timo. m inifestations a witnessed held estafeHshihgof they present "many having .high and responsible position alludl'Mo made and remark could a a, of.ihe bv the Homendustries, Spirit, of ,acco.rnplish great deal ' towards power en. seen .tWtUi ofGod.E. Ib Sister ' Snow who a:jgt-ls, heard singingby building up the kingdom of; God. 1 in work this bad the of 'that Other exand sick bore .she Elders present made some very the gaged "healed, opportunity testimony .doing more towards building- up Zion, .than cellent remarks. The gifts of the Gospel many are made whole through the administhe Elders who preach he Gospel abroad; were manifested in our midst to our great tration of the sacred ordinances. Spoke of she believed it'was'a; much greater work to joy.' We realized the Holy Spirit in our the first time'sheread the Book of Mormon, teach people haw to live their religion "at hearts, bearingwitness that we were and how sacred it seemed to her. 'Exhorted home than to convert ; Counselor E. our in the young ladies to improve their great heaven. Father by R. Snow referred to the minutes' of the was fdr two Meeting adjourned weejes. . privilege, Ac. ,; , ..young ladies, anJ3,4he iricreasfhg testimony Benediction by Elder Atkinson. Mrs. L. G. Richards and Mrs. E. Thomas II. Barlow, President. Eeizabetk they were receiving in regard 4q the truth -gaye much. useful" ins,truction bore corrobo- of the.Gospel; said this knowledge was only v. Mary Carter, Secretary." rat'i.v: 'testimonies of the power of God received through revelation. She gave an which they had witnessed in, and from their ' interesting sketch of heryisit to Cedar The following is a brief synopsis of the childhood up to the present, and counseled Fort, Fairfield and L.ehi, where, she had met Minutes o'CMeeting, for the Organization tire young sistersTto Imrfor, and attain to a -with tllf1 vntinVf nPrfhln ivhn rI somofl nn-of the Young Ladies of the loth Ward, S. fulness of blessing. I.T , , it I., uu as as wen L. City. icjus iv urguuiz.cu, geimemen, adjourned for one week SingMeeting ladies; she had doncva great deal of talking ' God from whoni c. Benedic."Praise Jtesidence of Prof.- C. J: Thomi3, ; ing, 'in regard to the movtment now in progres-- , V March E. , 1875. Mrs. Goddard. tion 13thV by . y and thought that more especially among V L. sir, Ash A. Fa-thby, Sev Meeting opened by singing- 0 my tk young people, her labors had" been ap&c.-motion of Miss E, II. Snow, preciated." Many instructive and- applica- Mrs. Rachel 11. Grant was chosen to preside ble remarks were mado'by Counselors Z I). 10th, !&;. Salt Lake City May over the Mrs. ' Z. D. meeting Prayer by Young, P. Wooii.ru ir and K-- Howard, also Dear Editor r". E. S. Barney upon- 4he different branches of Young Singing Joy to the wcrld, &c. requester President" Mrs. Rachel ' 31 Home Manufacture. Sister Et A. .Whitney-- (Pres. rs Grant spoke concerning tlie ob Grant, I hand you the Sixth Annual- Report of the. meeting, after which Mrs. Eliza sang a song of Zion" w inch thrilled through ject beth Goddard va3 appointed Secretary pro. of thein 13th Ward Relief Society meeting, wholeV in heart the the 13th Ward Vestry, April 22nd, every assembly Some tlfo organization of the Retrench- hekl with a business relating to clothiitv for the Indians term, and ment-' Association effected" as ' follows,, by iS7(). Showing that,. the Receipts, ' V: was also transacted. balance small from last Report; unanimous vote, viz. : Amount in cash to.. ........$20S CT' "irrs. Elizabeth Thomas, President, 187-4C.6.', Saxtete .Efueaim, April 30, Disbursed to the Miss Flora Shipp, -'1 Editor Womax's. Exrox'rxT: ii MaryARfrMctlcTTTirr ' 90 a Ruth Woollev, , the organization y'lt Tieing some time-sincLeaving a balance in cash of. ) of tho'Youug- LadiesrIletrenehment Asso: a Ilmie Taylor, Coon:flors;-' Merchandise, clclhiRg, efc in Trea-- . a Lncy Stringam, CO tiation" of Ephraim, I jurr. requested to '. gury from lat rejort, valued uf IG tt May Wells, write you in regard to the association. Our J Receipts-ijaive during" tlie past a c J Loui-- a A. meetings' were suspended during the win- Ashby,. Secretary; . .year k it Amiie Park, A on the Gth of ter, but were no lsiant becrcu;rv to the needy... Disbursed. . last March. ; Our Preside lit, Miss Carrie '. Oh motion Mi.s Ruth Woclley ivas ,.p91 -' Jnscn, is nns,ieu3 tor have the meetings pointed .to lead In Singing: Miss Acnie Living a kalar.ee valued at.. I Exponent. For-tb- c .' , -1 - - -- .rc-i-A0- A . . e ! tieff-iow- ; all-fe- - - - - - - thev-Go-pel- , " , - self-sustainj- rg . silk-worm- s, " the-"privileg- e - " " . . . n. out-Bourin- or !id . - -- ap-prov- ed - " . , " 1 . - . - . . er On - . . - -- - - , . " - . . e ' . 1 1 - again-resume- . - . t- A a .3. -- f 