TO 5,V BEAUTIFUL THINGS.- - - I " . honesty printed thorp., Beautiful eyes aro those that show, Lrko crystal panes where hearth-fire- s glow, Beautiful thoughts that burn below. Beaatifal lips aro those wboje words ' Leap from the heart like songs of birds, : ' i .let whose utterance prudence girds, 'fi .i Beautiful hands are those that 1 ;Work that is earnest, and brave, and, true j Moment by moment, the long day through. ; Beautiful feet are those that Oa kindly ministries. to and fro ,. Down lowliest ways, if God wills it eo. ' d Beautiful ehoulder3 are thoso that bear rith patient grace and daily prayer! i - , REPORTS. ' " - -- ;- -' 1 house-'keeper- 5 -- ; . loug-suf--'ferin- - y ? -- . 5 -- : -- .' ; - ... , -- , -- - . i ; : T -- ve i g, -- Tho meeting of the Senior and Junior u Retrenchment ? Association, held in iUie Fourteen thdWard-- Assembly! Rooms, Sept'llth, 1875, was ono.. inwhich all present manifested ; the utmost interest The Spirit of God seemed to pervade every heart, ' President Mrs, 31. I. Homo made the opening remarks, in a spirit and with a feeling calculated to impress all present with her sincerity and earnestness; in the work commenced among the sisters. She announced to the assembly Madame Le .Vert who arose and spoke to them; expressing herself pleased to meet "with them; also that she had been gratified in meeting, fn Salt Lake City, so many intelligent and charming ladies, and she had never in all her travels, seen suchlevotion and sincerity to religion, as: she had, seen among the ladier in Utah; that she had also found them Uniformly, charitable and benevolent, and she said "When I am far. away in my homo on the shores of 3Iexico, I; shall ever think of the ladies of Salt Lake with pleasue.,, She closed her remarks by saying "May God bless you as 1 am sure that lie wilt' Co-operati- o tat-;ten- d, '.,r, - GOT -- ..., ' R.' S. 87 d : Beautiful graves where grasses crep, ; .; Where brown leaves fall, where drifts lie deep lands-o- h, beautiful sleep! O'er worn-o" roso k - . G"O0r r in-th- " i ' ?one-ha- lf : ut 11,00' yards of linsey and twenty. eight and yards of carpeting have boon made by the society," anU two suits of temple clothes aud ten pairs of garments for "the Indians, nine nionths intervening thingsf ?anx thank-fa- l Jthinkfurnspiritual since iour: last" annual 'meetings President I ararnot, rich,4 for many of those who Mrs. A. A. Pratt then said sho was glad to are rich are wariing in the faith. ;, It Is the laeeiso many there; that :did not usually loor,and meek of tho earth who aro willing for it must be pleasant for those . who I to do "what the Lord j requires of them. I Ho chose a pborPill iterate boy to commence, His tdonatedjto know what: was dorio with the work upon the earth, in this last dispensameans; she wonld not make moro remarks as .sho wished :toj hearfrom others. , Bishop tion so that Ho might educate him Himself. ak Jdiscourso on .Raleigh gave interesting May it bq fiaid to .all of us, at the last, Well Jtho duties ofbmen, jdsXatter-da-y S:ints, doni5lthougood.andwfaithful,servant, enter s. "and especially as, wives," mothers and thou Intq the joy of thy Lord.". f , c Miss" JE. Snow said tha C t he Bishop Italeigli made a few remarks upon 'knewAve were weak, frail 'creatures, aud;as mothers dressing' their 'little girls as plainly Jan ancient apostle said, subject to yanity,V as they do their boys," "etc liPrei. Mrs. ill A. but thai We sheuld not be discouraged ;Thb Pratt, remarked ithatlit ras lato and there ' frui tsof :t he gospel were charity, we had had a great deal of good instruction joy and peace; but other spirits had bur into hearts' Our and hoped we would profit by it Father crept Heavenly " of1 las 'lno H6 accepts mpromise. gives Bfeeting closed with- singing. Prayer rby . : ;U i '::must Jaw and Wfmust live up to it Bishop Raleigh. - fr;- iii; let Rabylon go; as he said to ancient Israel, ik With many earnest wishes fbr thb sueddss Choose ye thi3 idayiwhomy e jwill i servd, j of your valuable paper, and for the welfare i He has given as another chance'. Let us and upbuilding, of Zion, I jremain respectawake; we' havo all been asleep. 'Let Jus fully your sister in the Gospel, v t! f:if I?n 4 put ion the .wholes armor of God. :Ve are Lsf n!!:AitE.,NEA1,-.not called to lx judges in Israel; but Saviors t and helpmeets to do good. Have wo walked in the straight and marrow path? ; I think WisT WsBEit, gepti.13.th, 1 875.T .not We don't know, each other by our Editor Exponent: :i " dress or looks from those in Babylon. In KIrtlaiid.we could tell a stranger or an apos- tf; Being ai constant reader your interesttate. .We.. have got t. to lay off Babylon. ing paper, and seeing: the reports from the Pres. Young has said that he would organmany different societies-rr- l wish to give you ize the United Orcler liero in Salt Lake, ci ty a ; brief report of; our-sm'Jbranch.lnOur and did not want any one to enter who vas , settlement is very scattering, and our Presinot willing to dispense with every thing that dent, John L Hart, thought it would be best was superlluous.i Said as a community all to givo the sisters at the East ehd of the were .together,, but hero they would diverga settlement a chance to have a small branch, X and get so for apart they would not know i , so that they could do something, for 4I10 ' what they were doinE The priesthood is ; building up of the ?kIngdomof God." As not "going- to' say what wo shall do.; It Is a 'they are about four mUes Troifri Vtho7 main choosing timo and we should do the choosing part of the settlement, ho. went, 'accompaourselves. Hero is a mission for the sister?; nied, by; Iresl "Mary .Douglas and;seVeral 1 all virtuous women 'should : be members rbf ' and organized a brancri society. other sisters, : ..tho Rel.ibf Society We have been slaves A "good spirit prevailed among them and to 'fashion, but must be' so no "more; Wei to put their they all felt that they would like - Let the sisters must be ' 1 mites in lor the building up qf this kirig- think what they can wear thdt UiZiori made. ddm. Oursociety is doing pretty 'well. ! We Said theo was 'a sister coming from Eng- meet once a week to make quilts, or db any land who can spin the silk, and machinery mother work that may ho needed, and once a was being brought to weave it- The sisters month as a society meeting." A few attend, candqtjvgrcatdcalaut;'gctting.put the but the weather has been very dry and hot, mulberry trees. Solomon, it is &iid, built and as most of tho sister have small chil-- t the temple, but it was not so much by his dren, that has been8 the rrt aon of rion-at- work, it wai by his influence.1 We must bo tendance; I think tho spirit of the times prayerful and humbleourselves": so that 'God "Is suScicnt to awaken ns all ;;p, for there Is may 'not have 'to humble us. I wani niy mord need of xur living, cur ieligioa: than feelings absorbed In Zion. I detrt call in r ever;'.when J reflect and-vj:;pe. way; that am to : able? ask the Lord I I question give 1 we are going on I think it ih: displeasing in mo strength to do what is required of me, -- tho of our heavenly; Fatber, for pfidQ tight, but I do not wait for the strength to- - come and wickedness arc 011 the increase, and J t before I mako the effort, wo must start then . becomes us a. wives and mothers, to bp alive h will help us. Wo (ant a determination to our dutie?, and help to put away all. that a5? strong as the cvcrlasting.'ltilh, to do the would be? grieving to tho Spirit" of the Lord. will of God.' Let us be like, the holy Women Wishing ycu "jsuc C'J??, l am niost respect- or old. who aaorncuj it va i fully yjir: not the outward-adoniiuof. apimrd.." I PUAlt S. II A 1ST.hope that each one of us will bo numbered with those who have oil In their lamps and attain to a fulness in the oternal worlds. ; Holding thq hand of tho very cick und liio dying is a comfort unspeakable to thoni, Mrs. M. I IIornc. M feel , that the time been be would has well spent and that it ' and if you are holding it and the .spiritun--Id, well for us to educato ourselves in what wo passing away, do not release tho grasp, til tho poor heart is at rest, for it gives the bave just heard; we havo a great deal to do to qualify ourselves for tho" station, wo are .feeling of company, of sympathy, of help. -- Dr. W. V. Hall. . socking lv; fill.,: If y,e have; been extiavar Twenty-fou- " ' Beautiful lives are, those that bless"... . ' Silent rivers of happiness, . Whose hidden fountains but few may guess. ' - Beautiful twilight, at set of eun," ; l n Beautiful goal, with 'race well won, . Beautiful res, with work well done. xi gant let us learn : to be ?. economhxtteLet us arouse ourselves and prepare for, those things that are corning! upon- - us. M Four 'br five years ago Pres. Young called on us to estab- 's lish retrenchment,-anI think this is a preIs a great deals be- paratory work. to lore jus do; making clothing for the In. dians will bo a great labor for us. 'Temporal and spiritual go together; when we are engaged in our household duties we can To 00 i . .'. I G7 S870 . Disbursed Cash". ( - '.Totai;.......v:-........:.1..- t: N N-- E PO UiUll UUUUUUU3.. - So; 5 S-EX- For the loan of Temple clothes.. ' Made by exchanges. .'..J. Iuterest on money loaned.; .v.v;.. Beau ti ful faces are those t bat wear r ' It matters little If dark or fair Whole-eou!c- MN' WO -- all " ! - - I ' 3 ! j self-sustaining- ; -- . rs. M. I. Home and Rr. Camp each made remarks sof an, interesting7and instructive character, i n regard , to the Fall of Babylon, tho li 031 E 1 M D ustb IES, tho S. Barney, Refoniiation, and various other "subjects. r : " - I - ; ? I SALI LAKli ClTV, Sept. iStli, IS75. ! A short synopsis of the: Annual Meeting of tho ' 19th Ward R; a,; held" at the Ward ; . house-- was nearlyt filled Hall, Aug. 18th. The by the Sisters; of tho Ward. t Bishop A. IL Jtaleigh, Jli. E. R. Snow, Mrs. M. I. Horn e and Mrs.' Mi P. Young, weroresent. After and prayer, tbe'uuaexcciie3 of singing ' ihb minutes nieetiug and the three quarterly reports vpro read.- -': The three reports combined: show the following of-previo- - Donations in pro visions.. Xs , f : $ 50 22 53 70" 10 00 " Merchandre..!:... .lXabor.... to theixx)r. - 121 C9 1 , ; 1 1 1 inciu-civcs:b- ut : 