WOMAN'S EXP O N E N T. y : TO SISTER A FAREWELL, - P. ON HER M. CAEKINGTON, DEPARTURE FOR EUROPE. (The following lines were Inscribed as a tribute from the ; Society of the Seventeenth Ward at the presentation of a silver cujy at a Surprise Party given for Mrs. ' z Relief -- Carrington. ' . - s - , : ,We have known theo many seasons, Many years have proved thy worth; And In faithful bonds of friendship " . Jlay our days be passed on earth. . - ' , ? " " - - - ; ; out-etrotch- ed j. v . Extracts from; a discourse delivered, by Elder J. F. Wells in the Tiiir-- , TKENTii Ward 19, ,1875.-'-:- Assembly Rooms.. Aucr. In announcing the object of this meeting I will say, the general object is, to inaugu. rate a series of such meetings among the? young people of this city, while the particular object is, to effect the organization of the young men of the 13 th Ward in a Mu: , tf ? Improvement Association. : .This ; being done at the suggestion, and by the authority of President Young. In connection with' , a number of other young men,' we ; have met together this evening to organize. Wo feel indebted to the sisters for the full attendance we havo 1 Sister Snow ancl those assohcrjo ciated with her have organized the young lames, ana tneir laoprs nave been crowned wuu suuueaa. ; xy uiueung logemer in an organized capacity they have been protected from many temptations and snares of the enemies with which they were surrounded. The only way that we can accept the doctrine, and follow the teachings of the divines of the various religious denominations, who are seeking, to lead the youth of this Territory out from their darkness and delusion, as they think, is by breaking the ; fifth commandment, by ignoring the faith that our parents have struggled so hard to maintain and inculcato in the hearts of their children. .. .. Now I have a mission given by the Presi- . wauiw kuxj juuug uieu, unu we intend to visit every ward in this city and accomplish the object of our mission. We ex- pect to organize here with as many or more than this church was . organized with in tho beginning. Wo need the culii- unuu ui iuu iiuan us wen as me minu, now are any of us to know by the gift of the Ghost and the Holy spirit of revelation, that this Gospel for which bur parents sacrificed and suffered so much, is the revealed will of God to us as well as to them, if wo do not know these principles our parents have am vji vivsu xi is uoi oiijy our privilege but it is our duty to know them upon tho Eamo principle that Peter knew that Jesus was tho Christ the Son of the living God.: Do wo remember tho fifth commandment? IIonor thy lather and thy uiis may do long upon tne land ; : r This very prevalent and ;most injurious habit: is, for" seems to be incident to all classes ofsociety, and none, are; so fortunate f inevitably bring its own reward, or more properly, punishment upon all who indulge in it, or encourage its growth or into the sanctuary of their hearts! The faults and weaknesses of others become like our very breath, continually before our eyes, and instead of making allowances,' or exercising charity, wb ;are prone to ridicule and censure those whom wo should sustain by our prayers, our kindness and 'our sympa- - fit will eri-tran- eo -- I I ; ; I - thieS. , ' ! Sr-- . i - . I h - God.' ; Now we can see , the necessity of be- My ing organized and living our religion." ' and so mo the truth have taught parents have your3, an4 no tongue can express the gratitude wo owe to them for their faith- ob-je- ct I ht X--;-': : v -- x 4 saying, thero aro few persons who do not regard a man or woman of this last type of character as truly noble, and worthy the esteem ; and good will of all, and ardently ' admired by all intelligent and refined peo; .,; . ; iTri.x tr il J Fl.,t-:ifV- , , . Little Words are tho sweetest to hear; "Now, George, you must divide the calte honorably with your brother Charles." "What is honorably, mother?" "It means that you must give him the largest piece." "Then, mother, I'd rather Charley should :' divide it. lit- tle charities fly farthest and stay longest on tho wing; littlo flakes are the stillest; little hearts the fondest, and little farms the best tilled. Little books are tho most read, and little songs tho dearest loved. And when Nature would make anything especially rare and beautiful, the inakes it little littlo pearls, little diamonds, littlo dews. Agar's is a model prayer, yet It is but a Httlp one, and the burden of the petition for but little. The sermon on the mount Is little, but the last dedication discourse was an hour; Life is made up of littles; death is what remains of them all pay is made up of little beams and nijrht is glorious' with littlo tar. -- ; t It should bo within the power of: every young person to make and keep a resolution, whether directly or Indirectly uncomplimentary to tho society of their companions; and w o mayy by endeavoring to correct our own feelings, benefit those In our immediato circle, and such an influence would heighten the tom and elevate: the sentiments of all with u hin wo associate. LITTLE TI. I s VS. :- - '1 h tween," .jji:z& When we do meet such persons wo discern quickly Jheir superiority, and are eager to accept them into our social circle, nndlayclaim to thelr friendship. ; , f ple. It is my desire to1 honor and defend the principles they have taught rae; for I know they have done all in their power to educate and prepare me for, a life of usefulness. Now I have explained the of our meeting together this evening, to the best of my ability, and I pray God to bless our efforts and; crown them with success. I will give way for others, praying V--'- ;-. God to bless you. ft Brother Atwood spoke for a short time expressing his joy and gratitude, saying for this ho had prayed, and would rather a son of his felt a? Bro. Wells did, than to have ; : , :; a million of dollars. Reported by " WiL5iLhu Kat. fulness. than true) mat tne greater part or social g an(T conversation is made up of to tho characslander; remarks derogatory ter of the absent ; there are a few perhaps, who are unconsciously led to'indulgo in this; fearful practice through the influence of ill- chosen associates. But thero are others to whom the most interesting subjects are void of interest, their tastes in conversation have, become so vitiated, unless bi t terness and sarcasm are the leading topics, or at least ; .vr.,i. spice up tho conversation. inwo so meet with Occasionally persons nocent in themselves, that no amount of this sort of example effects them; such associates are the jowels of society, but they, aro like "angePs visits few and far be fiult-findin- A , German author said, "Give me the education of the children when young and the kingdom is mine." -Now this is- what bur enemies know ihd they seek to establish their seminaries of learning in our midst as well as their churches, desiring to educate the Children of the Latter-da- y Saints, confessing that the aged are out of their reach; but let thexri have the children to educate and they wilt accomplish the overthrow of the kingdom of v the Lord thy God Uec." Do we speak lightly of tbe giveth of God that things r;-"7- as to wholly escape criticism. 3igtit from darkness. . e-- tions. ; to-ni-ght to-nig- ill-tim- ed . will-teac- 1 . , i : tual is , t . V -- -- '.''- . "For tverjthin? contains witbia Itself, Tho seoda and sources of its own corruption: The cankering rust corrodes the brtebtest steel: Tbe moth tnts out your parmentt and the worm lilts Its slow way Into ths eoiid oak." 7 . . Tne great and good have written and sought to tciich,'(by precept at least) that to excel in conversation, to, bo really entertain-inc- r. one should beware of censuring others. or ungenerous rcflec j or casting" ; - " , , ' As Friendship's offering we brings " ; ;: The cup you now behold, And hope that all thy future life, , Hay be bright silver, lined with hold. i Farewell! and may thoGod of Heaven, v : ' ; . . Shield and save thee from all harm, " ; . And safely brin thee back to ZIon, J . : ' arm. By his mighty, " AWJEIt. , jjk3( q. ' , . S. I City, Aug. 5th, 1875. ' T ; - ore f t , Farewelli dear sister but oro thou leav'st us We would tafee thy parting hand And wish t hee health, and Jay and plcasurCi : In that far offi" distant land. ,' - a CENSURE. our parents have taught us, which were sacred and dear to them than their lives, which have been proveni to us by the sacrifices they have made? How many of us are willing to sacrifice as they have, done for those principles that are calculated to savo and exalt us with them in tho kingdom of our Father and God? Who has revealed them? ' If we are disobedient to our parents and treat lightly, the principles they have labored so faithfully to maintain, are we not guilty of breaking, the fifth commandment that I referred io? How many of ybu my young brethren realize the unto 'God to responsibility off seeking : that H what know for; yourselves your God? is have l of, parents taught youf Do you realize that you are surrounded with the enemies of God, tho hireling p ries ts who seek to erisnaro yoii jand lead you from the counsels of your parents? They would destroy our parents if God them to do so; this is their object and miss- Ion here, to overthrow the Kingdom of God : if possible, and they expect 'to accompIish, it by the influence they exert over the youth of this people. They are not our friends,"; neither are they tho friends of God, their motives are Cilse, arid their doctrines are as false as hell; they seek to destroy the priest- hood and lead the heirs of the 'priesthood clown to perdition, and there- is no person who has received tho light of tho Holy Ghost that can believe their doctrines.' Their only alternative is infidelity. : This is our fate my brethren if we suffer ourselves; to be led from the counsels: of our parents, and lose the light of the Holy Spirit, we are infidels to God. - But if we: are obedient wo have a right to the Holy G host j which has been conferred upon us, ; and it us our duty, and by the exercise of that gifty wo will know truth from error, and sa-cred,m- ; 59 