W O M A N'S ITS For the Lx iv.n k'7 MAY TIME. j . EXPONENT' The donations of the sisters are seldom in Mrs. 31. I Ilorne being absent on a- visit inmoney, that being a very scarce commodity to 1h (country. .."',;;; A(ter the regular exercises and the "readnore, but m eggs, butter, pork and eiieese, which are sold to the best advantage, also ing of the minutes by the different secretaremnants and scraps either cotton or woolen, ries from the various wards, Mrs. Zina D. .vhich the sifters make up into Quilts; Young addressed the congregation upon - ,. Sweet May! Ah b.c'f-- welcomr tvcr! But dc.;r?ft of bII times For Ef i'O'jy t"'d and c't v r, this vi ay. Is jo;ej t lo-d- aj; to-ca- for be asked rne s&nietliJa?, I theuld not have thought be darv! si cou'iu't nnswer that's owe thiLg', For indeed I was not tr 1'jr sinking ur i Iu sia-- ft UvJisbtfui way, Tii e. uear wordsrAli! bow I aia etgj I was tbliikicg- of dear, sucsy May. lii-.k-i, t' Sk.-f-wh-teh-wer- j stvive tLe:; At JeMt t o much to to bvtray' iTnu were never a'?i6t lime in kve'' Ah, yrnj'd tte My fceiicj-- r I IX. c - Mveet i Ma. inter for Epcr:ii:r, i;iost pay; r ie&umtm, iuvej aijd for eourt;r.s, Ibat is I t boose sweet May. iike e W ip thejrrave in n'it-r.- some are. sold, some loaned' to the poor during the. wiBter, four were made for the Irethren who went to St. George, to work on the Temple. Ths amount of cheese made was Tf3ft-- ,: sect lo the Temple at St. George. The sisters are united. We are blessed in having a good and" wise President, Sister S. A. Petersen. We wish to express pur indignation and thorough contempt, for the! man (?) who commit ted such an outrage, on Qur beloved Presi dent. Probably he was not; shrewd enough to see it was only making.President Young. doubly dear to us. It is but another bond of union between Brothr'IJflgham and the Saints.' A crown of dorv'for t he.. 'era v" hairs of our Prophet. Whom may. Qod bless ever. With' respect!, $am lster ! w Jarcj lie j ttht-os- be siictiM koow by my grcvi'A.s, i our iot; one, nrdn-Ue.a of cheating, I liave no I eouMu't g!uJ wire I i,t. I'll r'biffi Of a'- art rc He ii be re;' now what shall Jfay? O: WeVcn.e, sweet I'll :J biiii-- f . t M iy. fv-I I It N-- -- . AG X F ? N. A K MSTKONG hens-io;;.- - v7 - wek-oiru- . - c I It. 1 V REPORTS. AKMINGTON March 15th, Secretary. thin King it quite time that I have-bee- n .some otie of the sisters should write and let the readers of our valued Exponent know We meet every Ijoav we are getting along. our business two operations ares-mallwo. try to encourage one another in the good work in winch we are engaged. I feel as one of ray sistere hu said that we. need a great deal of charity one toward another, we are all so differently constituted; I feed that trie strong must bear the infirmities of the weak, and try to encourage them by mild and gentle words, and by performing little acts of kindness towards vthemL Our Young Ladies' Association is along well under the good management ft ofi their president, Sister Lucy Clark. I eei thankful th.tt we have the privilege of he-- , iner organized into Societies and'Assoeia- - Co., Ar tion?, tor they are calculated to be a great benefit to us if we enter into them' with T Ttrav God our Ireavomlv ,i:t' ritrni rpirit. Father that His blessing may rest upon all (hat are striving to do His will and keep 1 Ai -- Ills commandments. I have been a cor stant reader of the Exponent from the first, and am happy to say that I find it steadily improving; I should be lost without it. If you find this worthy of a place NF.NT-pleas- e insert it, .S. J. Holmes, President Itelief Society. EniKAlM, Sanpete - Editor Exponent: Branch Co.,- Apnl 1th. ' The Ephralm held their 'Yearly Meeting on Thursday; being six years since our orApril 1st, 18To, Hvliicli was , on the 1st of April, ganization lof, ters ' . Socle-t- y Presi-dt?ii- 't S. A. Petersen, thanked the sisfor thjelr willingness to respond to the 3Ir,' B Treasurv in GO 54 19 A SYNOPSIS '6f remarks, by sister i j.iza .r. snow; to the young ladies' III trenciiment None have been neglected, who have been ASSOCIATION OF THE lGth WA III) in need of the nc cessarie.s or comforts of 2 Total,. 01) " life. I am pleased to see so'mmy present. We . . At our last meeting "there" were 'present have a mission to perform or we should not by invitation, Bishops Row berry and W. G. be here. Are we trying- to perform that " Young, also Ehk?r : Vm. Lee, our excellent Sunday School Superintendent. said he feit like attending R. S. meetingsi he did not believe that women.-- were only to be looked at. Said the sisters were doing what President Youngdiad. failed to do, in putting down round dancing. That the Retrenchment Society 'was helping. 4le felt the, sisters would be a blessing in helping the brethren to bring about a reformation in drunkenness. Spoke of the store Sister Snow and others intended to establish in S. L. City for the sale of home manufactured straw and millinery goods. Bro. Lee commended the excellent ordfr in which our secretary, Mary Cook, kept her books. Advised the reading of good books. Bishop Rowberry spoke very encouragingly and gave the sisiers excellent advice. Said he always felt no sustain the Society, was glad the ladies were willing to assist the brethren in putting down roun dances, to say the least the immense straii on the svstem was verv iniurious fr hl delicate structure of the female form.- Ad vised us to do little harm and all the good we could, ' The members, cf the'' Society mar.ifest cxcellc n t fe ellng Bro.-Youn- , ' g of the Eelief by Bi hop Canute Petersen. ' - r-- The yearly report had donated seven showed that the sisters COERESrOXDEN e ten dollars and hundred and cents. - Three hundred of which, having At the mcctin&r.of the Sen been donated in Sunday egs, will be sent ior and Junior Retrenchment assist the" Wdtr-migrattn"held 'ln."hedurtee"a"fdi'"lrartl Asportation, from the old country, (ilicpoor at home Assembly Rooms, Apr; 17th, 1871, Counselhave been assisted accorng' tpUheir needs. or Mrs. "Zina; D. Young presided; President calls madQ-Xipoa.the- m. ;. fifty-thre- Semi-Month- ly ve g n 10th. Sll7 , , ten-tio- t Di - cent set tlements,the pleasure she felt in the progress they were making,called thecal of those present to her bonnet, which was made and presented to her by the ladies in Ogden, and of which she felt truly proud: Spoke in regard to sustaining domestic productions, remarked that had it not been Tor the increase of faith, union, hu mility, zeal and energy which had been the result of these organizations it would have been more difficult to lead out ia the direction now indicated by President Young. Counselor E. Howard bore a strong testimony to the truth of the. Gospel, especially the order of Celestial Marriage. Counselors E. R. Snow and Zina D. Young, Mrs. E S. Banley each spoke on .the and ' measures now being taken to sustain the By request of Pj e5ideit M. A". Hunter I Home Industries swid 'showed some specisend a report of ear Branch of the Belief mens of flowers cellars stockings etc. of ' Society. home work. rera-in for end the year Secretary's of close the After the meeting, some la" April 1st, 1875; were dies introduced, who were strangers ' To St. George Temple,..., it) ( here, travelers on their way home from To Emigration Fund, 1)1 IS California;. they manifested a warm interest CO To the Poor, in the movements of the people here and wished them' success. Grants vi lee, Tooele Dear Editoii: .VI A. , Home Industries, the course necessary to be pursued in order to sustain them, encouraged all to be energetic in these matters. Counselor Miss E. R. Snow followed, speaking upon rpuncta;ality;Jhe. cultivation and practice of it; gave a brief sketch of her re cent visit to Ogclen and some of. the adja- mission? We do not, any of us, kiow what we can accomplish until we are tried, what powers we possess until they are called into requisition'. I say to all my sisters, strive to be great and mighty in doing work that God has given you. When I first en- - ' tered. this "church I made up my mind I would never refuse; to do any thing ' that I should be called upon to do; and at the organization of your societ y there was one young woman who made the same 1 asked her the other day if she; had kept- her promise, and she answered-ye- s. Well, that young woman shall be bh' st the spirit of 'darkness shall not enter her ' heart, she will be blest to do a good work in the Kingdom of our God. Young sisters be punctual in attending your meetings; moth-.- .. ers help your daughters to come to meeting. I know these meetings were organized by the power of the Holy Ghost through President Young! The key will soon be turned, and angels will again visit the esh. I want to tell my young sisters a few"Thhig3 that they can do in a united capacity; do you know that you possess the power to influence the yoaug men for evil or for good? Do not depend upon your parents nor your te futurehuibauda fMivathmj men nowadays who will prove in groups, tothe.few will have who are worthy. Joseph Smith said- '(and" he knew by reflation) that there were more good women than men-oearth; that of wisdom. the plurality. Girls, marproves care if they are men. noble I don't ry good, there-Tefew-youn- g sav-iors,y- to-g- o - ou 