WOM A LITERARY MARRIAG ES NS EXPONENT 95 will it ever find a heart'tb piat'to. We arc the weakest of spendthrifts if wc let one friend drop off through inatteution, of let one push away or if we hold aloof from one for petty jcaK ousy, or heedless slight or rourfitiesi ' Would jnti: -- Literary people are more liable to inatri-monia- lt difficulties .', (han other! classes rxH cause they so rapidly;, whaust ;oueanb!her, A literary man who is obliged by his profession to ad vance in knowledge will soon reach :a higher planehaii that, occupied. on the redding daySlt'js possible 'Jthat such an ; instance may witnessa separation of thought and culture such as could never occur in the life of a farmer. Hence the wife of a litterateur may become merely his- hpusekeepf er instead of his cbmnibnl By ihe same rule we notice the impropriety of a woman strictly literary in taste;" iriarrying, an JHit- erate man."; we nave arnumoer or iemaie writers who have attained rank in the world of letters, and are married to men whose sole distinction is found in thdr wives. The latter Ihcrjease' in mental culture iwhile tHelrj h'uslxm6!s are engrcssedithth care&of business. They have but? little ' soifal except being the provider or occasional escort The twoman pnds that her husband does not oqual; and soon" ceases io be her reaLcompanionr. Such Vwomah must pursue a solitary path or find congenial society elsewhere. Some years ago, Mrs. 1 jvas apppulaf?wri t er bu tj t was i .' tlCovKtb$t" shoatthe. wife of imeral carpet; dealer Jn Ilartfprd. JEIeVjvaS; very proud of her talents, bu t all that such a man, could do was to offer the tribute of his praise to his more gifted wife and beacon fen ted to assume the yesseLv It has belestionejdri but I unions can bfomed think experience is. in the affirmative. A united life qf f his character should bejrau-tuall- y is generally ar ucatiqnai. : Woman ' - -- Im-portari- ce Sig-ourn- ey t-- - i place)eaker from the affected and assumed importance of the.seXjOften obt j wife. In jects tof good scholar,whilaman, . this he commits a great mistake. Another error on the part of literary men (especially the clergy) is the expectation of conjugal Clergymen praise for their performances. . are generally ravenous for flattery, and as long as a wife'administers it heriwoids are judicial cen-1 acceptable, but if she t offers' " sure, it is very "unpalatable, f A really sehsiV d Wq preacher, if he, have a ;wifej jr -- clear-heade- will find ;hor Criticisms Srelry usefutf J sIt 1$ he said by 'Scbth cqramemtato read his sermons to his wife before delivering them in the pulpit,, and found her sug- -. gestions very valuable. Two working . ed- , itors of this city are married to two very clever writers, whose earnings are large.. The subject of literary" marriages has, been,, handled admirably by Gilbert Hamilton, In J his volume of letters entitled , "Intellectual Life." Dr. Johnson's remark may ' be quoted in the negative. '"A man," says he, "is, as a general thing; better pleased with a wife when she cooks a good dinner than when8ho speaks "Greeks It is to1 be in Johnson's day h6weVer,-tha- t everybody did not, as at. present, live in - membered, board ing-houses.-E- ... x. The Herald of Health furnishes the following Peoplewho have" warmfrlpnds are fHialthier and happior than those who ha Ve none. A single real friend is a treasure worth more than gold'orprec- ions ftoaes."- -j Money can buy jmany things good and evil. All the wealth of- - the world could cot; buy you a friend nor pay you for the loS3 of one. 1 have wanted only one thing to make me happy,' Hailitt writes, Vhut wanting that I have wanted everything; - "And agiin:" Hy heart shut up in a )risoa-houMorths cKyrhasJ never found," nor 7 -- sq another, ' throw away a diamond T)ecauae it pricked yuu? Oas good friend Is hot ta3il WvwliedMaiaiajbt all 1 , the jewels of the earth, f Preservation of the eyes is thus treated upon by r the Herald of Health t First take g5od ear? of the Health. The eyes areapt to suffer 4with the body and become weak wheq if; is weak; arid iu connee- - -tion gifes the following general .'rules; When writ?) idg; reading, drawing, 'sewing? etc., .always lalef care that the room is comfortably cool and the feet? Wamv that there is nothing tight about heiiecjc that there is plenty of Jfeht'"' without:Dgthe i -- eyes; that Iho suuidoes ndrifime dimcUy,upbn thet object one is at wbrk upon, that the light does uotjC couie from in front; it is bes wneri it comes from : oyer the jl'$hou!der that the heaii'is; riot ery . much bent 6Ver the work; that the page jnearl jf is line that the ofjsight; that P2rpendicular to the iof eye is nearly opposite an object held slanting is noteeii k clearly. That the page or other objeci is !noi less than fifteen inches from the rye- - M 'tTAH:n'z 'if ici'f. In any case when -- thai eyes have any defect avoid fint ueedlework drawing of fine maps and all such fine work exeepl for very short tasks, not. exceeding half an libur eachf and that in the hiora- ing. Kerer study or write , before breakfast by candlelight. Do not lie down when reading. Never play tricks with the eyes, as gqmnting or rolling , theriiu The eyes are 'often; troublesome; when the stomach is iutof order. Avoid: reading or sewing by twilight or when debilitated by recent ill . the-page- ffor -- --- ness especially fever, ; a s -- i . the-mid- dle were once freed from the frredominent desire to benefit the world in general, whereas now the lamentable aspect ,bf tlm IwbrUW corrfpels them to devote njl their energies io1 tho rombval of that mrticular evil which happens toj have niost attracted their benbv- olent imaginations. : : 1 vhn) I ir!1 1 r xnen, again, ino monsirous. size or great citfe inour ago iehds ioi$liminisfi tne ioS-- , sibility of maintaining close friendship IA11 1 would contend Is. that men and wo- men have the same capacity for friendship, the same delight In it,: tho same craving for it, as here! ofore; hut tt ha i an i mporfoc l civilization has rendered tho manifestation arid even the re:dity of friendship moro.ditV ncuii, principally as, regaras uieswant and cont inuoa3 ielsureVrrChlmney Cor' ner. p oi-certai- ol'ul; , .mi v uvJi.'WV'f Hyii It does not signify ...wants a grptcoat,y; if ja man tWiiAT's in a name? D, : There. is' a common belief, which perhaps is just, that there is not so much friendship in the world as there used to be. Various f causes have been assigned for this that men are less iheroic, more querulous moro selfishf more domestic. In my bpiniori the real cause is want bf time. And 'it 'most bo remarked .that jo keep, up frfehdsblpvifcris ndt- sufficient W liave spare' time Vow arid then but:youv required an; amgant of cer- - ; tain and continuous 'leisure. ,ra j Observe under what conditions, of ,life . friendship has had the greatest sway, and ; -- -- has been' mosTpfominently deVelppelL5 iThbro are staifereat"frlferidship3amhg.ya"" at school andypung; menat7polleg0.tP iThercr have been great friendships in comparatively barbaric times, .fqr,! barbarism- - always insures Vcertam tbntlriiiity?Jof ielsurel ; the time to bo lov-in-g David anJonathan-'hafriends, i The fabled Nisus ! and Eurya- lus did not belong, to ' the nineteenth century. Again, in the Middle Ages, when men had a large amount of steady leisure, , there were instances of signal friendship. What we call civilization has, up ,to 4hen present tlmeihade increasing deinands up-- " on each mans time. vShould this civiliza.s'uccessfal tion, ever!ne71aCprospc thing, it will give an assured continuity of-- f leisure; and then yba will see thttriend-shi- p will e viva amongst men.S ji' ' As an illustration of whatI mean; T have no doubt that: benevolent 'persons must in general have a large capacity for iriendship; but the evils of tho world are so great, that their attention is absorbed:in: the endeavor v to mitigate those 'evils. "Great writers of,, fiction of the present day Jiaye described satirically 'persons 'whose whole niihds are so devoted to benevolent projects , that they ;t even forget family duties.' The' whole of that class of jersQns would, afford excellent material fox friendship f-r their; affections h d 4 -i- - : he isF jsmail lirrtf i.fu if clrives hA Seaver J fh ni 1, StLouismilkwabnr A popular writer speaking of : . the, ocean telegraj&bnderswhe raltted throiighihe salt water will be fresh; jSone, are so roor as those who, having? . money yet through a miserly spirit, deprive themselves of the use and benefit of It." ' Latin; and Greek are all right,? safcla iTelawarej farmer as 'heTi'hU'teamiuV'! gimme fa man, who can plow;arbuhd an applet trebthbut touching the roots.? K,. I'l I A gentlemax drove a; sorrowful looking horse into town, and stopping in front of an inn, lieeuested a small boy to hold him a mpment Mllold him J" exclaimed tho.boy j :f "list; lean him up against j the post that'll .' ; IS . FRIENDSUIR DYING OUT? n u h?fm'vil& man made a nna niwvn Ulrr 'im'l-t'- pathetic address ' to a Sunday School in iZanesvIUe, O, recently, ;! and in concladlng ho requested r them f toil sing.vJordan," instead pf jordas Btormy Banks. I Jlq Avas astonished tp hear shou U j e4 In bno unbroken chorus :tuJordan am au hard road to trable, - rvr fi Bid frdgal, not mean; prudent, nbt subtle;1 n cbmiilaisant riot servild; and active in hiisi-)j- J neai, but not its slave; There are'! ls'(ylbur other habl ts- which' arS essentially nbcessryJ to tho happy management of teninoral con-- j cerns; these are punctuality, accuracy,steit(l-'- : : good i ; 1 1 - f 1 - inessr and-klispatc- ' h z&l-.xnin- io,vh',f a' ragged rcdVeed tluii'i bftKvasnhti The other day Oil! io-tezlii- maul o stopped a Detrolter on tho street andasked;)H ''Saymister,; eud a feller a dollar will yoa?1 Ko, sir!'; was the emphatic reply. : WJiyns won! t you ?Jf . "Because I don't, know yot!,!?0 replied thftcitizen, ;1 Well you i wouldnfthi let me have it if. yoa did, so hand her out,' ;1; v : v , Vjn k wasthecoolreply . iTis estimated that' the Englahd'and:Franco"can $30)00,000. ;: tunnel- betweenri bo completed foiC: - . f::;: ; :;; 'of the thE ecreo ' public. debt durlug, l? September Is $,CI2,5C2; dee'reaso '.since;' Juno SQ;1875, $0,222,400. BondsJ issued to payable In lawful I toency; r irj-inclpa- l ; ouU: stapding, $04,623,512; intercst'accrued and. I; not yet; paid; 96,362; interest paid Ibyisi United States, $23,202,807; interest' repaid. by transportation Df mails, etcj $C,S0C,521; v balance of interest paid by United States, v.'i : $21,800,283. . :-- .z:-x 