'f; .;.( EXPONENT. W O JI A N S 111 r ' DIVERSIONS. For CIieai Millinery aud Notions, ; WOMAN'S HECORD. 1 - .4. ''... '" Mrs McDonald of Calais, Me,, went rid: tho other night, and wrapped her little "."Cr .J ::J:' h ins jars. ... babv so closely it was smothered to aeatn. Why do women talk less In February than Trwn.' Jim a sjjvs in her last letter: "I in any other month? Because it is the shortis no lontrer a secret that Miss Anna Pick est month in the year. inson has left! the platform and is studying clerk has; in- ibr tho A ..California navy-yary vented a paper cravat. Ho evidently hails Trh stage." who had inmieson' LivinsrstonciN. Y. World.from lived through a century, and had been a ser "Am I not a little pale?iniiuired h iady, vant to Sir Walter Scott, died recently, near who was shorty and corpulent; of a crusty Glasgow, Scotland. You look more hire, a big old bachelor. Miss Helen M.' Knowl ton edits the Fine J.UVi was the bl unt reply.' Arkdenftrtjikjik Nothing will sooner tempt a baphHtjr to hereafter occupy a prominent place In that -- i -- ly- vkept-In-'ftimi- Mrs. ( , E. C. D YErS, East Tehiple Street. 19 , ."'.. GO TO .., ' ? ;'.-v'- : i$ DoMiTic-'sauee'fj : She has always on hand a large variety of d Con-ncck-tie-c- - -- ut. LADIES', MISSES' & CHILDREN'S HATS & BONNETS ; ?u v - HGire . 1 u L(l V.LK abandon his resolutions lo miirrv ilian to magazi ne.. ? J C room In the adjoining sleep ISfRs: Amelia Kobbins" wife, of Daniel with collicky baby. couple Bobbins of Conway,- - on tho 3rd of February Josh Billings says, "If yu are going to 1873, gave birth to three daughters; and on :. giv aman enny thing giv it tu hint cheer- fully, and quick, dont.mako him git down on his kneeze in front ov yu,Tnnd listen to the 10 commandments, and then give him live cents." wo iarmers were recently neara in one i ' of the Wilton stores trading hens. One would trade for 37 J cents, and. the other for ' 38 bents. Having talked about an hour one of them declared howoiild not trade at 38 cents any way, : for the hen was not of a . ngni duuu to lay wen. , A man attracted attention in Troy by his queer demeanor, He seemed to see something interesting in theljuttons on ladiesdreHses, and in several cases was impertinent in his close examinations. Finally he found a dress from which a button was gone. He seized the wearer, pulled from his pocket a button, arid compared it with those left on the dress. . It matched. She was his prisoner. He was a detectivejand, she had stolen the ' i; of the Latest 'style. ' : '" v; , tr a call; uhe will be sure to pleae'c you. G " L 'or IO T II I - . r ' SCEIP-TJOI- . ng ; - , BO O T S , S H OES , DRY G 00DRttzij GENERAL . : -- , , " , . ... v;; '.. dress. Will S. Hays, the song maker, tells this story in tho Louisville Courier Journal: In the barber shop of the Metropolitan' Hotel, in that city, he saw a tall rough looking man leaning against the wall. A dandy came in, took olf his hat and coat, and ' coolly handed them to the stranger,'; whom he mistook for, a barber. The stranger as coolly hung them on a peg and when the dandy said, "Trim my hair? he pointed to a chair. The encircling of the neck with a towel, and the preliminary flourish of the shears, were barber-likbut" when the dandy felt the hair being cropped close to the scalp; he leaped from tho chair and ran to the mirror. "What havo you done?" he shouted in demonstrated wrath. "Well," replied the stranger, still cool, "you said cut it, and I wasn't going to refuse favor like ajittlo y half-wanor make that, job- of it, neith- - . e, " er." rod-bin- verse circumstances, and; those who labor unappreciated. - If it be butter drivothe plough, strive to do it well; If only to cut bolts, make good ones; or blow tho bellows, keepthe iron hot. It is attention to business that lifts the feet higher up. on tho ladder. 0! Good God, pleas make poor Mamma well!" prayed little Giorgio Yinslow, as he knelt beside his mother's bed in the sick chamber. Georgie did not know that it was already well with his . mother, that the dear Lord had allowed her to enter the beautiful spirit home. But tho lady who describes -- the scene, says it was one of inciting solcm- - s Larue Assortment of . Were added to the nest. CONEY FURS, CAPE AND MUFJ?'r5f3.w. ; Miss Harriet K. Hunt, M. D., who died FlneXlne of LADIES' CORSETS. of the in Boston, began practice recently H. E. Phelps, medicine n forty yearslacroi at the ago of I ' , 29 East Temple Stoeki twenty-ninShe was the pioneer; woman doctor, and achieved a successful and satis ' ; ivfiix ir-factory, practice. H. DINWOODEY from Honesdale, Pa;, states A that a young woman named Crissie Hrcker, Wholesale & Retail Furniture Dealer. the daughter of a wealthy, farmer at ' White , Larf est Assortment In Utah. , , Talley on i .Wednesday, und er religious fa He has removed his Furniture fromrain St.to his three naticism, built an i altar, and laid herself storey Brick Store, -- . , ' . e. ; : x letter J X thereon ana burnea nerseii lo ueain. 'Madame Emma '.'Beiler, a German lady residing in Philadelphia, has, since r the publication of her work entitled. "The Voice in Singing'.' (1869),' been recognized as a competent authority on t the subject, to , s BLOCK WEST OF TIKST SODTU ST., ) CO-O- CORKER. P. . ' H ; WALLACE J Has the best, largest and purest stock of confec-tionain Salt Lake city. ' Just the place for ladies ry -- herself. ;:"; ;'; ' to purchase. MR3Ellzabethesto ' ,', .' ' Ni recently made a cotton shirt for herf hus band by hanu in nine hours, into which she CLUB BATES put eleven thousand and nine hundred stitches, threadiug her needles herself, all of , Determined that nothing shall be wanting on the part whiclrshe accomplished without the aid of of the Publishers, to Increase the circulation of the JV'-,!ri& Exponist' and aid In "promoting the objects con spectacles, ;? vf ,f ;r iiov Mrs. Celman, sister of the late John Stu In its publication, by making It truly an expoart? Mill, recently presided at a meeting of nent of ,the Tiews of the women of Utah, sustained by tailoresses in Bristol, England, and in the them, read by them, and its columns enriched with a course or ner anaress, saia; or many widely circulated expression of their thoughts,' wc offervolyears she had taken a Very great interest Iri the following liberal terms to clubs for the present 'u J;! working men and, women, and 'when she eme: ' saw how much had; been obtained by men 10 copies 1 year with a copy tb thegetter up of- $18 00 : tht ClUD, as the result! of combination, - how their getter up of year, with a eppy to the hours of labor had been; reduced and their 15 copitsl 6 00 the club, , ,. i : wages increased, she had faith that if the 20 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the ectteTJp of 'S thkf inn. and a iramea sicei cncraTiK w women, of England .would only unite toof President Brizhato TounAaelling inches, gether, they, would in a very short time ma-i. price,$2.50 condition." alter their tenally present SO copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of C. , ! 'tyy-.j tern-plat- ed . ; "':i;;; t .. . ' . t - tr ..; ; - v Remember. Take, heart, all who toil; all youth in humble situations, all in ad-- So in 21 months four young to a son. s v-;!- the club, and a superior nrsi prooi Bitxicut hand-- , grating of President Brigham Young, 43 00 somely framed, selling price U Clubs can be commenced at any time, and additions can U inade after , the first Est of names has been sent. Getters up of clubs should notify us of their Intentions T 7 : to that we can credit them with all names senjln. of each sub-In all eases eiTe the name and residence ... w Atumc ... serlber, plainly amd correcUy written, wun waca each subscription Is to commence, ana wncwer w a whola er half year. ' r'-at the risk letter Moneycaa be remitted by registered f the publishers. , : Subscribers deslrln? the address changed from; one Post Ofice to another should send us their former, as ' wtll as their mw addresi. .:- -W hoM that aeenU and Udlea throughout the.Tenl-.. of Relief Socie-ttory, especially Presidents and OfScers -- ni n br rettinr uo clubs, by bringing the ExI '.: WORKED TOO HARD, If woman could be free from r , v.-- . hard r labor , until she reaches the age of twenty, mankind would bo the gainer; This is a physio- ogical matter, and tho result of our inves-tigatiori of facts In this connection, and our careful consideration of the subject, leads U3 lo express the hope , that, if no; other subject connected with the ; labor question is tnought worthy of legislation, this may oo seiectea lor legislative study and action. No argument is necessary to convince people of the importance of giving the years under sixteen in a girl's life, to growth and de velopment ofher organization on'1 tho healthy condition of which so much de pends her owii health and usefulness, not roitMT faTorably to the notice to lacrease Its drenla- only to herself," but to those dependent on otherwUe usbg their Influenca oa and usefulness. her. - , : ? , ' i - ; ofhon-subscribersan- ? d 4 