WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 28 f i -- ! ; .. SPLINTERS. : u ; r :i " - ' .' ;. ' ..' Tho American- Bible Society, aro to havo a Biblo published with 'new plates, to bo lied the ''Centennial Bible".7.... The Amer-i in Palestine Exposition' Society sailed in t he Celtic on the 19th of June, on its second expedition..... .It has been proposed to build r, an iron brldgo across the Hudson at the ost estimated at $12,000... ...San Prancisco estimates tier pupulation 230,000 .... ..The cost of the pedestal for tho Webster Statue presented by. G. W. Burnham to Central Park, will be $20,000, it will not be ready for unveiling beforo July 1876. .,...75,-00- 0 Americans have sailed for Eurono this season.;. ...Post masters aro to bo held responsible for the losses of government prop- crty in their. hands.;...;A terrific tornado at Detroit June 27t Its path about 50 feet wide; four persona were skilled -- and many, seriously injured, loss of property $25,000 . . ..The cost of in tho United States bridge rinco. the war is said to bo $150,000,000. ... .. O'Connell is to' havo a statue Jn Central Park ......In Texas they aro collecting money fori Jeff Davis to buy a homestead..,. ..Bogardus of Illinois :; has beaten Rimmel, England match. at champion, at a IIcndon......Col. GUdersleeve of tho American rifle team, won tho cup in tho rifle match at Belfast. .....The headquarters of the National Grange is removed to Louis-vill- e Ken. from Washington D. C.....;.Loss by burning of mills in St. Louis,' July 8 th i $o0,000i;..;-ThoIIon- . Geo. Opedykdhas been ted appoiu president of tho N. Y. Board of Trade......The New York Sun boldly criti- cises some of tho leading railwav mana- -' ' ; ; .;; gers. - i were deposited in the church of the g . ' - . 1 ' ' ; '' FOREIGN.' ' A terrific rain and hail storm in Switzer--, laud, Canton, of Geneva, and .tho Erenoh Frontiers July,8th, several persons killed and wounded, valuable property damaged ..... .The ;King of Burmah has refused to permit tho British troops passage jthrough his country. It ii hoped ;ho .will yield to, tho representations of the British Envoy s' and prevent a collision. .....A painting of " Laocoon, according to .Virgil's' description, has been discovered lately at Pompeii.... . . Japan has appointed commissioners to tho Philadelphia Centennial... ..;it is reported that tho Marquis of Lorme, and his wife (Princess Louise) intend making a tour through tho United , States..,. ..An engine for street cars whoso motive power is atmospheric air has been invented in Scotland by ' Mr. Scott MoncrieJT, who has obtained a pa- tent for it.. ....The. Russian government'; spends annually. $32,000, for carriages for ;: opera singersat St. Petersburg, to protect their. health and voices .u.Tho Chair, of! Chemistry in Munich University, vacated " by tho death of Baron Lcibig has been filled by Prof Bacger of Strassburg......Tho Ixm- don Art Unions income last ycarwas t01, . 1 C30.... ..Thirty-sidocuments t; connected with Michael Angclo havo been discovered at Borne, and are said to be of special interest to tho history-h- f .Tn 1S7I Art. o hnd in Jiranf oppration IJiOfljnilpil nfl iailvny......TIio Popo has "Just had- comple ted a magnificent mosaic front to be .affixed , to tho famous church "St. Paul .O'utsido The Walls. ;. A masonic newspaper has becu Parted in Egypt iii tho Arabic language by' : the masoiiic' fraternity .... ' x , - y - '.''';"!: i Jtodifurt has been obliged publication at Geneva . - iUipcnd thu the ''Lanternc" newspaper Gcrome's painting, tho "Sabre of. his - rablkhcd n. IIOnXE, Business Mnnngr. in Salt Lake City, UtaL. TcrmE: One copy one year, $2.00; one copy six months, $1.00. Ten copies tdr the price of nine. AdrcrtlBing rates; Each square, ten lines of ionparell space, one v scnji-monthl- y, " time, $2.00; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to ' '". , regular adrertlsers. Exponent OlUcc, corner of South Temple, and First East streets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 9 a,m. to 5 p.m. on.Tnesdays and Saturdajs. i ; Address all haslness communications to , .. .Publishers Woman's Elro . Salt Lake City, Utah. . : Capu- " . . : i r. July 8th. (.':; ; - 'V LOCAL. : "'f: .. Public demonstration of the memorable Fourth in AIta......General holiday in Salt Lake City July Fifth, excursions to all, the different places of attraction, and several parties in the evening. . . . . .The Martial band serenaded the new Governor; Thursday :!..Ilobert T. night at the Walker House Burton, just returned from abroad, received marked demonstrations of welcomo from his very numerous friends...,;. The work of excavating the cellar of the new Bank has commenced;. ...The extension of the Utah Northern Railroad for twenty-fiv- e miles, is bo expected to completed this autumn...... Associate Justice Emerson has gone East on la short visit to his friends...... The Tabernacle choir went to Lake Side for an "out." Monday, July 12th:.;..... .Friday morning there was a fire at the Railroad depot, which did considerable harm in burning coal sheds, coal, etc., and damaging cars...... General election, August 2nd, several officers to bo chosen ..... .Mrs. J. B. Tyson, a lady who was injured by the recent collision on the Central Pacific, died in Ogden, July 6th; her remains were sent to Minnesota......... Preparations are being made for a children's Jubilee in tho New Tabernacle, July 24tli The Wyoming company of emigrants arrived .here on Friday, July 9th.r....C. W. Penrose, of .the Ogden Junction, has returned from, hi3 invigorating trip to Soda Springs, warmly welcomed by his many friends, and has resumed the editorial pen' in his own pleasing style.... .....Mrs. Clements and her little child, of Ogden, are now afHicted with smallpox, taken from hcrJmsband who has just recovered; strenuous measures have been adopted to prevent WOMEN. tr ; -- e, -- o, e, ty-on- r W:'.' : y :" -'":: But the Saints of God, those who know or have a desire to know the true doctrine of Christ, and live in accordance with its teachings, must choose a higher standard by which to be adjudged than the vain and fickle test of popularity. " O Young ladies, ye who seek for everlasting . i ' ' 1 11 ii fr 1 1 i uviii in ui ifniiifia I i n ti it y.. mm n thought of joining the Retrenchment Associations because they are unpopular. Do not be ashamed to acknowledge that you delight in prayer because through prayer and faith comes the sweet, sure testimony of .the iru'thl Do not shrink from entering into polygamy because it is KpnfTWl. at and ifternd hv thoo v whn " v ttirtrol UVVf the ways of the Lord and seek not after His kingdom and righteousness. -- Study the works of the church, though they contain the principles of truth and arey not popular with the - really "remarkable how many cases of long-oviotir arjonf;' women who make authorship their occupation in life. Miss Mattineau, Miss Brcuier, Mrs, IlowUt, Irs. Strickland, and Mrs. Browning all cither living or not very long deceased were bora almost at the beginning of the century: Madame de Stael lircd to bc fifty-on- e Mrs. Pradstrcet fifty-ninIda Plciffcr sixty-one- , Mis3 Mitford sixty nine, Lady Wortly JJoutacrue .Miss Edscworth eighty-twseventy-tw"Miss r, . Madame Opie eighty-foud'Artlay eighty-SrMrs." SoinmcrriUc, nine c and Madame de Gcnlis ninety-six- .' 'Ilcarth and Home.' ' i. - truth. . It - A first class novel will secure more notoriety, and consequently bring more money to the author in a few months than 'The Voice of Warning," "The Government of God," or any. such work which offers the pure, uncolored truth, could gain in a century or In all time, except old things should pass away and all things become new. If it was advertised that an elder of the church would deliver a discourse upon the principle of, divine, eternal truth, in the Tabernacle, at the same hour a celebrated comedy was to be played in the Theatre, thousands of people would be in readiness to witness the first rise of the curtain at the latter place, while at the former building a few hundreds might congregate, the larger portion-cominin, at least after, the opening hymn had been sung. All this because the human mind is prone to seek popularity, and there is so wide a difference between it and the -- LONGEVITY OF; LITERARY TRUTn AND POPULARITY. .: few. - the disease from spreadinj -- The truth is as unpopular as poverty, Hence, to live pure lives, to be true .men and women is unpopular, and out of fashion, something that cannot be adopted save by acomparative Fireman4s celebration at Ogdeu on the Fourth of July, a grand success.. Grand Ball at Coalville, to celebrate the Fourth... . . o, to" CORSFXU chins in the vault with Maxi'millian-Garnie- r de Cassagnac lias published a letter in Paris in which lie threatens to kick Gam. betta.....Don Carlos of Spainrhas been ar- z. rested by tho French The authorities. heir apparent to the British throne intends visi ting India in October next......D. G. Lobdell agent of tho United States Treasury Department diecfin Washington July 9th Gen. F. P. Blair died in St. Louis, I 'pigeon-shootin- cnrcxE niciiARDs. r.ditor. with great pomp and ceremony;.his remains Still-rrate- ' THE . WOMAN'S EXPONENT. -- GlTERAL. . Dance" in tho Paris Salon has been sold for $18,000.. i...M. Godcharb recently deceased left $120,000: the income of which is to aid young Belgian sculptors... ...Mr. Tennyson's new poem "Queen Mary is' about to be issued...... The Khedive of Egypt is searching extensively for manuscript to form a library at Cairo...... The late Emperor Fer dinand of Austria, was buried July 6th. 7 never be afraid to speak in its defense, though to do so should have the effect to make you look small in the eyes" of some whpse good opinion you. might be anxious to preserve. t ; Maintain true independence of character, feel that you aro worth more and are far more happy in homemade attire than those who seek but vanity and folly are in the costliest robes they can put on. Cultivate union Quid sisterly love, thu3 gaining in strength and power; show most respect to those who live nearest the Lord, thus making tho truth popular as well as most precious among yourselves. g 