WOMAN'S1 EXPONENT. : i 173 v', v some permanent stoppage is effected, a and overwhelming crash. It is said those who are laising their voices in this by matter, that it is the women who demand and use these superfluities, arid it is for them to act against the "tyranny of mode." But are wo men more culpable in; this respect than men? In short is it not the sune frivolous, shrinkin g tre-inendi- one machine working "arid when we have And some of therrf used sometimes to apWe will have more to the pear .fretted and miserable Supply pyer trifling demand, and we expect to supply a better arti- - ous pat-louageerie- ngh ; behind woman's skirts to screen themselves which has been inherited in them from the days of father Adam? How much money is expended yearly for .liquors' of all kinds with foreign brauds,'cigar?f7perfumaries etc? to say nothing of the French kids," jewelry, and watches of foreign manufacture. "Think you the ladies wardrobes will in cost the sum-totof your own individual expenditures? Yet you rcall upon women toj make an; effort to stay this formidable current,, meantime your own demerits are unmentioried is this fair? It will not require any particular sacrifice there will be no need of leagues or clubs or any such useless palaver, say they,only a "practical movement," Oh no! certainly not, nothing of this sort ever does. Gentlemen you are laboring under a serious mistakes. . Women know full well that when they attempt tostep out of the groove designated by the reigning monarch "A la mode," they become a mark of criticism? and though their motives are as pure as those of angels, they will riot escape the cutting, of those who cannot understand or appreciate any superior strength of mind or elevation of. character. - while men Consistency is a rare jewel,-an- d call upbrt woriien t6 help in extricating them from difflcul ties,' meantime ridicule and sneer at their untiring efforts to lead out practically y undertakin any laudable and ing, which will effectually aid in a general form, and give women a more thorough under standing of flnanciar matters, they must expect to be outwitted.; "When they can believe, that women are entitled to equal rights and privilerjesjin all matters which pertain to their mutual interests, and will encourage them in their true position acknowledging there are zealous workers in the field, aiming not so much for the ballot, the bench, and th pulpit," as for a keen appreciation of their powers. Then there7 will follow a decisive revolution which will give the which to judge worldn bettleTsTairdardfro please use voiir infl sustain us in our Home Industry and iti carrying, out the counsels of President Brigham :: K:;vt v. xoungv YoujJ3rotherin theQospel, ..!m--r-r- praise-worth- . ; t Bishop of 1st Ward. ' HOME AFFAIRS. Hon. David P. Lowe, Chief Justice of Utah, arrived Apr. 10, and is stopping at the Walker ' House. ' i. - Prof. Karl G.Maeser is to deliver Ids inter al bit-sarcas- ms J. Wakijuktox, : out-balari- ce - ::-: esting lecture, "Characteristics of youths of different ages and nations," under the au?picos of the 12th Ward Literary Association, Friday evening, Apr. 16. Free admission. theTstockholJers of Z. C. M. I. Saturday afterndon,Apr.lO.,a vote was taken which resulted in Hiram B. Clawsoa and Theodore McKean being elected as superintendents of the institution. At;a tmeetixo "of .. - . . A Dental College and infirmary has been established in this city by Dr. W. H. II. Sharp. -;- - self-sustaini- ng 'pro-rc- a " ' e, : -- r ; e . Manufactures, ah additional stone in laying the foundation for the upbuilding of Zion'in our people. To make becoming a it successful, it must be supported by the influence and encouragement of the saints;' arid this carinot be done by waiting' witlr folded hands ' a and doubtful looks to see whether it failure or success. May ine latter be the result effort 'of the saints 'in the 1st of this worthy ' Ward. to-m- Students desiring to learri dentistry will be carried, through a two years' course of instruc - ;;r,--': .; tion. We are pleased to note the safe Return to riamo bo glorified. .' V,; her home and friends in this city, 6f Mrs. Ro fj'k'r' " Mabel. mania BPmtt, who hasheen in attendance at the Free Medical College for Women, arid the WOMAN'S VOICE. for York in New and Ear City, Infirmary Eye fourteen months. It was a long ti trie to be ab- Editor Woman's Exponent: ; sent from the loved ones'.and wphopc she finds We are Mill alive in Providence and en them all well, particularly the "darling baby!" joying a goodly flow of; the Spirit of God The subject of free schools is vehemently and of ottr religion. We have had a good discussed at present by the "Philomathes" in time during the past winter; have not had this Territory. Whether the establishment many dances, but havo had good and well of free schools should prove the result or not, J attended meetings", especially our Society we hope to see liberal instructions disseminated meetings! I never enjoy myself better, them. I think if all throughout, the land, wise measures taken and than when attending attend-thesmeetings anl true principles taught, by which 'good, thor- the slaters would with them the Spirit of God,knowing ough; practical educations may be placed with carry that they are trying to do their best Jor in the reach of all. each other and to serve God, it w ill assurThe late general conference,' which was edly result in good. Through the past winheld six days in Ruccsnon Instead of three, ter I have been reading some .of the. early: was onerof peculiarinterest President Biigham Young was present at each woman. meeting, looking and feeling well. He presid" li. B. S. L. City, Apr. 13, 1871. ed, arid also addressed the conference on several occasions, one discourse in particular, being NOTICE. given chiefly for the benefit of the sisters. Notwithstanding the first four t days of the conference were stormy and disagreeable, there MR3. L. G. Richards: was a good attendance at the Tabernacle. Isend you a note wr.tten by the Bishop of the 1st Ward, S. L. City, and request, its pubA VIEW OF POLYGAMY. lication as an advertisement of. the specified Home of branch useful one movement of very ; j : I do not blame women5 in the common , Industry. I consider each j successful Branch of IJome course of life for looking upon polygamy, as : things, which I, in my ignornce, attributed to their being in polygamy; just as many others ha vOyorie.f But for all this, ! never for one moment in my life, felt to doubt the truth of' Joseph Smith's )eing a chosen pro--' phet of JhQ living God, And by and by I began to realize the great inconsistency of believing and advocating every portion of the gospel except onciprinciple; and leaving that for others to speak and act upon. So I asked the Lord to make mo understand why polygamy was necessary among His people. And, true to His promise, ff Ask 'and ye shall receive," my eyes were opened and my understanding quickened, so that I see for my self, that no principle pertaining to the gos ' pel was ever ot greater importance to the Saints, than is that of plural marriage in this dispensation. It seems almost the greatest item in the plan of salvation at the present day, for without it, I can seo no possible chancQ 'tot the "redemption of the world from its sunken and darkened state. When the women, of tho world,. .those who wish to bo puro and to do good, come to understand the principle, It will nb longer seem to them a degrading and loathsome thing, but tho exact opposite; and they will not only be willing but eager to embrace it. Of this I am sure; and may the Lord hasten the time, and His it is practiced among the Mormons, with horror; or for considering it an abomiria-tiot n. It seamed little less to me .on.ee,' al- par-- , though I .was born of entiige, and reared in thfse valleys of the mountains. At ah early age I began reading tho works of the church. I thought I read uhderstandingly, and that, I found things in the Book of Mormon, which did not corroborate the teachings and practices Latte,r-day"Sal- nt k. r. snow.. : srLTUityTApHirpr ; this alone, or principally that made me look 1875. . March fea23rd, Salt LakcCitV; r upon polygamy as a very objectionable iHoryrihChurchTraong-othcrthings- , concerning Parley P. Pratt's imprisonment and escape. Surely tho brethren must have-hagreat faith in God and He was always mindful of them. He heard their prayers and answered them. I feel that Ho i3 just as mindful of us in these days. We cannot but acknowledge the Hand of God in the deliverance of Brother; Ricks .from imprisonment. We can see that the devil cannot have it all his own way; especially if the brethren and sisters are united in offering up their prayers for tho welfare of the. kingdom. The Lord will not forget His children as long as they do not forget Him. I will mention that our Belief Society is arranging for a party somo time this month, the proceeds to be given for tho I will conclude, benefit of. our new' praying God to bless and prosper you in the noble work of disseminating knowledge. I remain your sister in the Gospel, d " .' ' . rrovitlenee,-A'pr.-4;-JS73u.- Elizabeth ' Nyi N. .- n . ;V Eliza R. Sxqiry . . ture in our relicion. But a fe w years ago. - THERfc is no truth in the report that JenWard Uranch of the nur" fathers and mothers, and elder brothers ny Lind is keeping a "singing school;" she Bear 'Sister: The 1st about of thfe 1st of Febbut is in Miss ' ; ; - . i kjnited Order wmrhenced and sisters did not know as. much, as they j' is not a millionaire aui and women's to stockings knit girls' ruary, since learned about living in plurality. sufficient means to pay her have Wo wear. have other and men's boys' sock?,and ;r. , ..3; possession board-bill- s. - . . 