v 4 Js,7t. a, -- rate? Theatre, on the west . side of. the stree t,aud is open every day from ten, ivm, until 'four p. rn7 It .contains? twd rooms, pleasantly furnished, cool and quiet,; where ladies may rest (oven when out u pin errands, pr marketihg) and look over in e latest' magazines and papeis.?' A Mi -:- :x:W;-;'vO'-' are Welcome. : T p : - :L( i'.j The Children's Jubilee. r- - i':':in-:i':ii' i-- Mi- Xhe celebration WOMAN'S EXPONENTS 37 ucated Choctoh, and" others. .......The ten million dollars in the Treasury cash vault Is counted and tallies wltrt Gen; Spinher!s accounts. ....At Rochester N. Y., the board of education hqive by: vote j discarded religious exercises in tho public schools,, including the reading of tho Bible.. ....Tho Fourth of July oration at Dulutji Flat, Cal. was delivered; by alady..,..Jngles1dev a summer resort three miles from Holyoke, Mass., was burned July 25tti;s Ioss $50,000, Jnsurancp mother.be ever fresh in their youthful hearts, and her wise and judicious counsels eTer 9r gotten. I) u ring her illne33, she repeatedly exhorted her children to listen to Ihe instruction and counsel of their father, and never, tinder any circumstance or, upon any consideration, disobey hi m. She also strictly enjoined upon tbem all, never to speak!, against the principle of Celestial Marriage," which she had obeyed in her youth, for she knew it to be of God, and bore. a solemn testimony to them of r its purity and truth. ' Deceased was born at FayettesvilleV St. Clair . , , of the auniversaryi of ih& arrival: kf thoj pioneers (6 this valley, oil the 2llh of July, 1847, which tok: place in the Kew Tabernacle Sat urdayiJuly Ith, was a: most 'interesting Occasion; ithe inspiring Reflect of UlieJinuaic, Ifhe beauty of ;tfieaew -- -- . 1 (v" N FOREIGN. An English Medical r Journal j announces that the hairs of tho head number from 1G0, 000 to 20,OOOiv....Gen. Jovcllas has captured -Jtrorig;;i.V.The - draft : for Cantavieja :o:lmndisApril embraceil (the Gospel when - she was a 'little oriffinal bedotV' ofiihfr thouRAnfls f hpniitifnl faces of children, lighted up1 with; the joyous- esTof ayouths me flm'f firm with the connection the dav linm-ttliy were celebfatihg, the 'marvellous contrast cbild,itnd she was reaped in? antm6sphere oi ' zzGospeiilightl She:Was baptized at an early age and with her parents emigrated to Far West, Missouri , when; the Saints gath ered to that place, and shared in the persecutions which between that time and this, heightened the-enwere heaped upon the Saints at that time; her chantment of the Weiie- - and must inevitably parents were driven out without shelter, comhave caused the coldest lieart to swelf- with j pelled to abandon, their home, and leave the had led thispebple gratitude to that "staift. froni the land of their persecutions. The inte- - i hejrrood the river and settled in .iielieviiie Illinoisfroirn; which place they went rior of the Tabernacle .was truly magnificent 7Nauvoo i,tlie general- gathering; of the in appearance; one of ; the most noticeable fea- - I Jo .saints. There she became acquainted with the tures of the .decoration, was' the fou n tain of I new then revelation upon Celestial Maniage; near the centre "of the "building, j pure-wata at and time when a stigma was cast upon all which eeenied to ccoland refresh the vast as- , those, who stepped forward to aid in bringing senibJy; at each of the four corners was a lion, forth this holy order of raatrlmonyi when they and upon .their backs were seated four children,-1- . were condemned and esteemed as outcasts, eren representing Eu rope, Asiat AWc and Amerj- - j among the Saints of latter days, she was one to cr;r Africa and America were, represented by ' An eleffant.I nfofnred f - lay all she held dear upon the altar of her faith, e pniiin nativps. 4 r hannpr. and in the' lnnocehce of her heart,' sacrifice all with' a beehive in .the q centre, surrounded worldly considerations',' to secure to herself an with flowers and: vines, hung. at the east end of leverlasting'e thej gallery; flags, hanging baskets, trees; fes ; feeling and earnestness to' do the will of God, with which she went down 'into the waters of the whole interior of the buildlngiiLAt the top baptism She believed as other chaste and of the organ" in front was a gilded statue of an virtuous women did, that It was ordained of Yonncr la- - I .nnirol sfnndincrairolden'trnmDet. O God, for the eventual restoration of, true purity dies in white represented all the different states j and elevation of character. f fWheri the saints ' vers a tf rl f i f avvW nvf aq niiff TYlftrtf were driven irorataafiiii'tne.ead of winthe I inga badge i inscribed5 with the name-oter, the,, with those ;yvho then made their exit, country represented. 1 "The Goddess of Liberty t crossed th6 Mississippi river on the ice, to face was personated by a very "tali majestic looking a barren wilderness at that inclement season of fin - fieri hair. vnimp' 1 with a a to and jrolden o ladv the year. During the sojourn of the Saints at aue neia in ner jiguc nana iue swora or justice Winter Quarters, in : the absence of her h us- ana graeei u j jy wayeu it uiuiu wuuh mu na. band with the pioneers, her. eldest child was other k tional Anthem was Isungl : bom. She came to this valley In 184S, and, in tations were two original, poems pne by Miss ' common with others, endured the difficulties K. R. Snowj called 'The iuWlee, and read by - incident to settlers In a new and uncultivated Mrs. ArmedaYouu;,the other" was a Tribute ; country. In the year 1872 she visited her rela- of Homage to the Pioneers "pf ' 47, by II. W. . tlves in the East, among whom were two elder Kaisbittj and read by G. 'J,tBywater;.; ..Tie ex- brothers. She often alluded to this visit during ercises commenced at.f eleven ajvjn. precisely, her illness, with the most complete t atlsfaetlon. and closed about half ipast one. 71 She lived and died true to her religion and the principles she had so sincerely espoused, and her memory will live forever in the hearts of XJ A. ' those who loved her. f 2-,00- n - i - God-wh- o : ? - , er ! I ; j : m i gress IM;&totogaUi;;SEW bridge threatens; to resign; command' of tho rBritish array. ::...E. Lorett has been nominated for Governor by tho Temperance ' pa rty i n Cal I fbrnia.V.: Joaqu In Uliller has composed a poem on the National rCc tennial, at Newbury port Jr;ss;:..:r.Mr. Child, ers M.1 IV from Kngiaritl if visiting America ahd intends remaining until October.5.'... Siinta Anna is still straight and: slender his black hair arid eyes preserving their original color and brilliancy, although ho is 77 years of age..... Charles Kemble Mason, a veteran actor, died In Brooklyn' Sunday, July 18th ...v.Hon.;Peleg Sprague, of Boston, isJ tho oldest member of Congress now living, his iMr. Jones Minister to Belgiago is 83 um, resigned on account of ill health, t Tc?y-- v : . f : f o-- . , Re-for- m 1 , , ArJ i , -- '' ; -- .1 OBIT 1 -- - Eusbrined wtth sweet, sad, tender, thoughf, V "' The dear departed linjrert still ' '"' : ' ' In memory; and there is nought' i Ilor absent place can eer.ni.'. . t'' . N . , '.?-- : SPLIKTEIIS. ' . . 1 For the Exroszxr. SLANDER, '. 'i-- It becomes our painful death of a beloved friendf Young, wife of President Brigham Young. This estimable lady departed this life after alingering and painfulllillness (having lcen for many years previous' an invalld)at-urda- y morning, July 17th, 18751" She was the nother of ten children, all now Hying, except one. , To them, and to all her relatives and friends, to whom she was more than ordinarily endeared by many; attractive graces, and beaa- ties of character, and mind, we extend our -- heartfelt sympathies; and more especially t to' the younger children, whose tender years still rcfiuire the ever ready and watchful care and solicitude of a mother. '3Iay the good angels watch Over them every hour, and preserve them in purify, nnd mny the memory of their : :r-- to record the 'uty; Mfsi .Emeilhe F. "; : ; ., ' ' GENEEAL. ' l . I . There is yellow fever spreading at Key Florida. .....The one hundredth annit West, versary of Gen. Washlngtori'assuining com mand of the Revolutionary army was celebrated in Cambridge, Mas.?. July 3rd...... Robert Dale Owen, Ih celebrated writer I and lecturer i3 hopelessly Insano through 6pirituaUsm.....Mis3lhllDr niece of Prof. Nise, theacronout, made anascension In a balloon from(PhiladclphIa on the 16th of July. ,.; The' baloon burst 5,000 feet from tho the lady was saved from being ' ground; dashed to pieces by tbo parachute arrange-ment though she was badly Injured....i.Tho first celebration of Indcpcndenco Day by American Indian?, took place July 5 th, 1875 ' at AKota,Indlan Tcr. 3,000 Indians present; ppccchc?? wcro made by.ucrs. Allen, an ed I , ' 1 r Slander, isouo of tho worst evils "In the world, and one of the most common; There is scarcely any' person who docs hot indulge in it to somd extant It is. a- habit much harder to get rid of than 4oi format A- few friends will meet and bogin to talk, and before they are aware ot it,f the conversa-tio- n will lead them into slander, they, will talk of persons whoso interests' aro of no import to them. They ;do uotj .mean harm hy it, but Jhey make harm before they are done ivilh .it. - They tell tome. HtUo story they have heard and it: is repeated, and by the time it has passed to three, or, lour persons it h iuitea,atory, (extraordinary) and those vhoni it concerns hear ittand are. very much grieved; fur perhaps there' was no foundation for it to start from in tho first place. Many good girls have been ruined, bvjust such .stories.; They think; "Well If - - . ; : . . ;- ' . , U-i- -- operLa-subscriptio- 1 1 7 : The Emperor of Germany was recently the guest of the Emperbr of Austria:..... Vice President Wilson js stopping at Con- 1 A iblo PERSONAL. ! , ai-rterr- , -- . m I thb constitution ofiJSpa In has iheen:I finished by tho fcommittee; It providds a .Senato and Chambor of Deputies, and guarantees jndi-vi- d ual and religious liberty...;. .The! "Daily News" from Lisbon reports draught I n so veral districts r of: the i province of M inho; crops and pastures are destroyed and :f;finlne is inevitable;: ; insurrection i alo fo;ircd..i.ThIrty cotton mills closed at ordhani,"July.2Gth, tho OperatorarOfusing - the master's terms for : wages.' .'....There is a battle between the Turks; and Heryegoye-nian- s. A severe , engagement; took i place near Kervisgua.hy meeting iwas beld 'in London; July 1 G th, in :wh Ich i t was! resol vod to tocrecta" statue of some Lord Byron in conspicuous part of London;.V;..A meeting was held at Hyde Park, on the .18 th of July to prOtest'ftgalnst the grant for the Princo of Wale3 to visit India; there were twelve thousand persons ; present. " i 0 . . 