W03IAN?S .EXPONENT.. HI : 'For the Expos est ABOUT: LETTEK. WJRITItf 0,- 4 I - i4 "Full oft have letters caused the writers JToeursc Ibeday they were indite rs.' The two iMPEEssioxs.Great men lea Impressions of themselves on their cob, 4ho results of their tcmpdrarles-thbon- o public career; the' other of their privalo life; iliifD words 7aro the bright flowers of . ,; Jetferi writing, are in ,, ' order at the- present: .time. i iEditors, Jour-nalfsts and authors in general, all 'eeem to iuid labor with a partake of tho same spirit; zeal worthy 'the object, to impress iipon ;the;, minds of tlio' people," that ;itla unwjsqjo, and i Xoeli ngs put their privalo thoughts they should be, through, upon papcrr;-les- t treachery intrigue br unwarnintable:seif-i.sline&g; nt Cautions-flgal- : - , , - lift-even;-- or- 4 -- and sarcasm of uninterested' and unauthorized judges?""' 'Wba terrible agony ono must suffer to have their, heart's secrets blazoned forth, perchance of 'that fine 'peramong persons' destitute ' ! ceptional sensibility which' only thoso can understand wlioso:orgtihizatlonsl are of ihe'firiest order of spiritual element. ridicule',-iron- ' , i.'f Vul'j Where slovr, exulted aeusa ahd tostc refined ? 7 r f' jTbefe Jcener anziihranklefltn themind;'fcr "THow 'UtterlylunaHoAVOretoJudgene vug a v wa i w.u.; anoincr, nonu vlictly; alike; hoTv can: we7 define jeachi ,other?s gentiment3r truly j how digcrIminaj:o .fairly and justly In Hhoso p6culiarly pica noints oT tHe distinction , which hre determined emotions aguunug uu,uumH variety of phases, orndererhapg, excep- w - too,-unde- r 1 e - t- - I : . s - , fII IN d c;L"d I a ; B 6 01. By S 'rENEEAL1 PRY GOODB. r 4 Snecialty in Gloves and Uom-md- t- .SoclaV Q ,. Fine Lino pf LADIES? CORSETS. -- : st Hpfes H. E. PlIELrS,, . - . , , . . , , ' Tbore feeling is diffused through every pitt,! iJf Tbrill8 Iq eich ncrvt knit lives in'all the hcart-- i n - ., ; - 'n '.o; .. and-raindrops- ? -- . " , , friend, or. tho; byes of .tho Clearest, truest the 'dovotedly attached lover, bo held lip to on earthly existence; uso them, and especially; around. the fireside tcircle. They are; jew--; ' els'beyond price, and ' powerful to heal then wound ed j heart . arid make the wTeighed-dovy7 Spirit glad. .v 'k, t, j3 ; tho noblest garment he with which a man may clot hp Jumselft ' m6st; Oleyating feeling with which, jihe mind can be iired.;, One pf Pythagoras', wisest may 1m. in his golden verses, is that which" enjoins the pupil to reverence himself. Sorrows sober us 'and -- make the mind genial. In sorrowr4we loye and trust our friends more tenderly, and the dead become dearer to us.;' Just as ,tbo stars shine but in tho night,. so thcro are blessed faces that lootat us in ;ourt grief,?though before their features Were fading from, our recol. , ... , . lection, hon-est- y tL THE man who is; only, honest when jion-cis the best policy. is not, really man. Honesty is not swerving polic' but stable principle. An honest irian i3 honest froin his inmost soul, nor deigns to stoop to aught that; is mean, though great results Jiang. prx the. petty lraud,: ' alI is bver,and bur feet will run no 7HEN morcj and bur hands are; helplesst; and we "have scarcely words to murmur a last prayer, then we shall' see that instead of heeding a larer fields w;e have leftiuntilled many corners of our acre-an- d, that none pf it is fit for : e rbur Masters it, not iorhe oft'e'ii- - -- o " invoivo'oua's (whfch'will : more than that perhaps;:. theit Igoodr' narae,) exp03ed toUho'idie criticisms and; aiusj too frequently tho' lidrshrcehsuro also, of ii?scandaMovingf, misjudging community' Should that; which was intended only, for tho ve-ty- Self-respec- of spirit.L-Could- , they be purchased, millions of dollars would roll into the.CTedit of bank accounts. Alas, poor child; pfrfashipnl gold cannot .buy. for you tho jdewy. freshness of a vigorous life. . Tho sunshirio are gifts.; Hoses, in cheeks, cherries in j color, of lips, compifrom. within.. Tho pripo is the4 ; serviceand faithful service, difcirtion of a most .'generous and most ex: nature.; JIcrLrc:: acUiig ihyskianTi-mothwards: are: Bure, .her: pupishmentr certain: There can be no appeal to- A higher cour -. no amendments to:,hen divinpJyi apppirited;. c6nstitution,,., ;. Will ypu lea.r eadcr, en.. ter.a: willing "student? jAroyqu villin . to measure your; life by Jier, rule ;and compass ahcrelsiJittlo and square?. "No.P-i.The. ; ;r hope- for you.-Ex- v ! f' t.r, iitr - ' FLOWERS. 1 oSPRINiS r Fea tli e eye-wer- :fo$3.rrui uki l inr shadow? oLthe 111:13 Thes triterLtrEi-Th- e ' 1 ; - ... : ; mero :Iapse" of ' years is not life. To cat and drink and be ' ex posed to darkness: and the tIonalfcIrcum3tanccs,?i5 .U t'' ?os?'-- i sleep; toto paceraround in the mill of Ihiibit, flight; nWoarsall'bf ,us created ithadistinet wheel of wealth ; f to make xea.. and turn the tform's,5 distinct minds, ve All have a. certain j E son arid turn, thouglit into our indWiddallly,'! andiwo Jmay :qur3elyes7dlfler j 1 an napTemeii t pf trad e that is not life, i In !n feelihg1, thought, sentiment opiniohror. nairthis,?but a poor fraction of the'eonscious-- ictlou, atdifferent times andunder ?ptr hess of- - huriaariity is awakened ;i and- - the influences.T It Is certain Mo do, (not, always f sanctities still slumber which make it most feel alike then it follows conclusively we worth while to be. Knowledge,' truth, Jove, cannot always act alike, talk alike, or write j beauty, goodness, faith, alone can;ivec vi Tallkbi i lUis this tali ty to the mechanism.of existence! the very divcrsUy of .tace, figure, ldugh of .mirth that vibrates t. form, :featurb,br outlirie,5arid .greatest of .all,- 7;.. tears wastes freshen that the of dry exprestaste, feeling, sentiment, vaiiety which makes life withinil the: music that: brings childhood sion, a'nd of mind itself, ' 'hackthe jrayer that calls the -- Jfuture. near, beautiful, and gives grace and charm to tho 7 the ';; the dou)tr,i which! makes us .neditaf e human soul. ' I us death which'startles with mystery, the Lot us hope tliat this debasing element a to us forces that has moderno Which lias crept-inthardship struggle, the anx-r- society, lety that ends in trustaro4. the; true nour--- ..not altogether defiled.. the pure, fountain of 'j ishment bf our jnaturab being Maftiucau. which exists" lie- j . confidence 'and integrity . ' 'tween Intelligent : and . .t : d men '.: '.' ;.. some remote tof;lts butonly HEALTH AND FASHION. Is it a? tranches. Certainly p)easaht.tKing to speak or writo frankly and confidentially Not iiritii wo : deal conscientious! yAvith to those in whom wo feel there is ifety, ) nature as Ave doSvith tradesmen shall we,; as 7 and who have souls great cnough'to syrnpa individuals; be entitled'to rewards 6f merit.7 thlzo with us )n life's ills; wo may do this We ask for a load of wood, pay the market innocently If received in the samo spirit; price for. it,:get the worth of our money, .7 The past furnishes us many 'instances; off and havo the satisfaction of warmth from letters of friendship, between persons of op--! the ro it makes. Suppose the dealer knew sexes, vhlch are rich with sentiment ft" posito .we would riot pay forit. "' He would not be 7 :and charming in style, lrom- which no . unlively to give full measure or the hest qualhappy conclusions were drawn, 'which have ity. The dainty bits of lace jet ornaments come down to U3 as' samples of purity of and plumes, rosebuds and velvets compos-- 5 7f thotight, feeling aud expression; ; Are we 7 then in this inga hat, ar very becoming to some fiices. enlightened ago b6' much beTho dressy hat has a price; it takes money hind in nobility of character a3 to;5 lose to pay for it. The little lady wishes to look faith and trust in ono another ? - : stylish, pays the prico': and U satisfied and happy until the fashion changes. She health and elasticity of step, buoyancy Flash youthstelegraph hoys. ED .- 7 : ; SlRE lW AitTflESSESv I ' i -'!' .. 1 : M&e r? . .., BABYoiCARRIAGeS .". 5 ' :" book-keep- er r ciuBl-KATEs;:- ; ;v"i ;!: 1 ; ' " Determined that nothlngshall be panting on tho pari t the of-- the' paWtefcer8,n:,W' increaslB'th'o .drculatiflH-rocontemthe objects Exponent ;&nd: aidiii promoting ? plated in HsVpiMc ncnt of theTieWof;he7fpme';Qf iUtah, Eustained by them, read by theman Mf "ciumisc'nhcli with a ; i iWri: vV-.!:(- -trt-tr-2- f't' offer widely circulated expreEdo the following liberal tcnnai to clnbafortbe present vol ume; 10 copies; 1 yea? with acopy to the getter up of: . the ClUb. - ' i.y4.i r! r'rt ;, 3jv.. -- j; $1S 00 15 copies; 1 year, with a copy to the getter up cf 2G 00 the club, -20 copies, 1 year, w ith a copy, to the fetter up of 16 12 x the club, and a framed 6teel engraving Inchcsi of FreEidcntBrisham Young, sellingSI 00 price, 2.50 to the getter up pf f . -4J0 copies, 1 year, with a copy ' the club, and a snpcrlor first proof Bteel Cn- r:f ,t hand Brfebam President of rbung; graying 48 00 -- j tjio-heart,-the- ; ! '' V, 1 . - ! noble-minde- :. ' ; j nnd-wonic- ' . r 1 - ) j T tub-rccrlb- -- i ! 5 5 I : ( , : , . feomely frimed, 6cllin price - - Cla"bs can be commen.ced.-a- t t any time, and additions can btmade aite'r. the firet list pf, names Jbas bcn eent. ; Getters np of clubs thouldf notify.us of .Iteir 'm.cnUons" In.1 ?so that jre can creditthein with all names tent bf cacii i;:In allcafees give the name and VcEldpceWitk 'the'time plainly ; a'ct correctly; TfltteiV 'whether and for lo when each subscription s cqmmcnce, "V . rwhole or half yean ,.. ; ,7 Tetter risk aVthe can bo remitted cgitcrcd by '. Monet . . . I - - ?- ....ji, f - - ; - 1 , . fVfi : Subscribers desiring the address changed Jrom' one Tost Office to ; another fchonld seid us their fcrincras ef the publkhcrs. f "; , ell as their new address.. 7 77 7 "We hope that agents and ladles UK7agtot tle Twii-jtor- y, especially Presidents and OCcerr cfEfijicf Socleties will aid us by. getUnnp"'ckbs,:by brin'ping ttEx.-- i and to the notice of rojpsT faTofatlytheir1" Influence to' increase iUcircula-to- a therwifs using and ueefabesa. non-subscribe- do-sir- cs , err , . . ..." y . - -- 