.WOM AVOAIAK'S ADMIRATION OF POWER. One of ' traits in thel!$stin womnprinjpfrthe .relation of. the .race. senstloe'ti'jelfrQtth . I re of power df every kind iq rqen'has in To the this admiration for power1 fact, soinetlmes commented upon as strange, that IwoinMn! will continue attached kc-- men who use mem 111, put wnose orutanty goes aloncr with power, "more than thev will con. iriraattAched t$ weaker en whojtise thWi well; 1, With this, admiration pf;power, prW marlly havintMs function, there goes the admlratiou of.pQwerdn general, ?vhich is more marked In women than in men- ,- and shows itself -- both theologically and politically. Tha.t the emotion jf awe aroused by contemplating.whatever su ggest$ ent Iterce t)r'cabaclty. which .cbnsiituteVtre- Iigiouar feeling. 43 strongest . In women, is proVed in many years.' - We read that among the Greeks1 the women were Tjripre - -- jfetigtpu'sfy fixxitabJe ihanl ihlitmen. I Sir of the . Japanese, that "In the temples it; is very rare to see anjrcongregation except women and children; the menatanyitimep"are very few, and those: jgeneraUypf the lower classes" RutherXordiAlcxjckifceilLUSr ! -- OMhef Jilgrlms trih'afc HUmjTele 6 jiigger-na- ul It instated and oftenftWeyto And we are iiso tpfdof the SikhSj that the wpmenpelie.Vje in morQxgs tpaii; the men . us countries,:ad;t6meiextent atfme, tb'the'eclucation is of a deeper' cause in natural has: women,-bu- t - this'mttseis charac)en Xrixftbf jnt : like manner aicHbed t he gfeater-respecbyi women for allr embodimen is and.sym bols social.- -of authority,4 ' jgojrernnl r. i HerbertJSpencef; vl tfv:i M d ' f3MpS VQIC. Dear Sisters1 of tte Relief Society : : ; ; wr- 5 -- Father, - afrwaH br'tfleif-gbeiincei- to ll(g"requirements; whicn glory, power and honor, ismirlasl!ng In thopreserfebt of Irod ! their Ittier'atid HW'SbneSus Christ- -, Yes, and; witlj Xh&p we sh?dl inherit the "earth with'ali its riches, 'arid live under the peaceful reign of Christ, "when righteousness shsilcover tho; earth as the waters do f the (aca bf tHo" deep' wLet' U3 praise God in :t; j For the BxrowfocT. i lLakhol ', ,.' I,supposo you men, "lords of creation," entertain the idea, that because fom'e pep-lyremain single and , con tihuej, toi rema j n ":sii)gle for aii unlimited lengthvot time, (and these persons happening to.be "ojtha feminine persuasion) that it is because theyr nev. ; erihavel had the opportunity: 'of1 changing iUheir conditions in life. Let mefhasten ' to v, disabuse you of these false impreionsjarid assure, ou tha i such is not the ' case but that it is Jpbssible, absolutely possible ;for i sqhie persons to exlst,even ' when debarred the exquisite pleasure of the charming soci e ty of , the sterner sex, ; ;i;have no ddubtrbut that ;yqu; willgreet this ;ith a cynical smile, as your conceit j'lind vanity are deyeloped to such an;j exten t ,as to prevent you from accepting it as; truth. "But such it is. - You may :; call be, man's righteadvocatej'VBlue stocking," or any other tender epithet, I care ribt, 1 am Independent, and not afraid because I am a woman to express my vie ws on any subject irYouxmay thlnkl am only jokingj but I warn cyoii not to test the truth of my remarks by i prbjiosl rig to me, for I have j such: fan : utter detestation for the whole sexHtiat It;is With Althe greatest difficulty th'tLX?caC treia.rthe'' imw with'. common 'civility. And don't 'think I have been crossed Alt IV V. tUUl) rf for I ha v' n't. lh 1 - 1 K . 1 5 The Old Maid in J 'S the corner HYGIENIC : NOTES. i "r"'Aisoonas - a'Tbbil becomcsjnard iib t t it "with aoduie. TliQ poisoa wDf w' aod-l'Jaiued-- pain n vTo Curea few times and tige of-it- . v-- ni s iagwiorm.Paint it with iodine a it will entirely destroy exery ves f-'- . e T"-- j For,:Consuiapti ve . ttodebey Or heiuorrliage of . the Jun?, never overtax the systeia rnor exhaust it by excessr eat plenty of : wholesofiie, nntridous food, sleep eight hoars every night, and enlarge "and expand the chest by the right sort of physical culture and an out "of door" life. If sedentary in abE l&onibeiarei la.iifita.' systeliaiii exercise daily. ' iz-V- 5' :r;;'.: 'S.zi 1: v.j,;:?!. is worth Jj rjinpSdSKag iat!iCSSe.-Thow to, stop the bleeding Jjqoi the 3f hUe jto nbso when it ?eeQiie3 execssi ve,' If :the" finger is pressed firiufe upon' ihn "JituVs. artery that supplies the blood to the sidc of the face affected, the result iaraccoinplisbei. The two small arteries branching up from the main arteries ou each side of the neck, and passing over the outgide of the jawbone, the liose bleeds supply the face with Hood from theright npstnT'for example, pass the finger along the edgo of the right jaw tiU th4 httiDg of ho aariery is felt Tress hard upon it, and th'e "' bleeding ; wHI' ceased Continue the pressur'd. five minutes,until.the . ruptured YtS3cls in the nose - : have time to contract. ; - Jlf . -- If ? What . is in the twopersons a ro to occupy a during the night, let them hr scale as they retire,' and then a step weighing again in the morning, and they will find that their actual weight is at least :a jxund less inithelniorn-irig.-FrequentlBed-room- bed-roo- r. m ; : y' there "will ' be a loss of two? or more pounds, and the average loss throughput the ' year will bb a pound of matter, which has gone off from their bodies, partly from the lutfgs,and partly througn the iwres of the: skinJyeVe8capec(,ii)nt-te- r is carbohie acid and decayed animal matter of v iia)no"nsexlialatifTi. This is diffused fhrough lu' If iajr ia part,and part absorbed by the n be burned in a room, ...a single ounce of it will so completely saturate the air with. smoke that one can hardly breathe, though there can " hardly be one ounce of foreign matter in the air. Ifan-pun- ce of cottonbe burned every half, an 2 hour daring the "night, the air will be kept con- . tinually saturated with smoke, unless thereto an :opeu window or door for its escape, - Now- the sixteen ounces of gmoke thus formed is "far tess sixteen exhalationsfrom the r poiaondus than the , , lungs and Indies of- two .'persons-- who have "lost a pound in weight during the eight hours of slcepiiig; j lbrt while the dry smoke is mainly taken into iho lungs, the daup odors from the body are absorbed both Into the lungs and into the poro of tbe .whole body; Need more be said' to show, the importance of having bedrooms well ventilated, and of thor--. oughly airing the sheets, coverlids and nwttresscs f irtMhe morning, before packing them up in tho form of a neatly made bed. bed-cloth- 1 es wood-cotto- - , - . MOTHER'S BOY, 1. ; 'Mother, cherish your boy. Respect hilm, and encourage him to talk with you. t Ask about things that interest him. J' questions, Caress and kiss him, and prove yourself the best friend by. showing your love. . How is your little boy to know that you Jove him, if you never fondle him?T If you continually ' V repel his advances, v iMany mothers ceaso to show their love "as isobn ai a child Is four xrr flvp years old. kittle boys after this get' fewer . kisses,": because,' frequently they; soiled ;tlieir hands and faces in play, and como ihVidlsyvarm I and dirty, not just the sweet cheeks and lips we loved to kiss, and instead of putting back the matted curls, and w ith alittle cold Water bathing1 the hot face, wo sriysgo away with you; dirty boys, I dont want to look at you. How much better fold th i m to your heart, kiss him and send him away happy. I have not said indulge your boy, but make him love you. '1, ' You need not suffer him to correct you, iwhen older persons are talking.: ; Teach him to bo silent in company, unless IdratoiLoiit by your guests, but alone at home, make him your companion. If you hold his lp.yp till he is fifteen, ho will always cherish yon. Up to that age, .many boya havo Ilttlo real Jove or respect for their mothers, and, the fault lies nearer tho mother than the soni-- 1 Ex. ; , . 1 : C' t r : - . worshipped by thelr': suojects, their minds are filled with care apanxiety; Ttheyknow it they are McWrforluiiateyth'ey can live but a few short years before they must lay down their mortal Jbdlesj and with them all the glory and "honor1 which, through the Wpss-in- g of God, has been con ferred npon tnera by. mortals,; and Jea31aw.Ji3tJio 4awest. Hot kvUlCthrdnk, J;16ritind hbnbr of the daughters ot Zlon; J M -- not .conferred onjthem bympral, man, buthy Gpd heir . 1- I considerJ itm addressing the Daughters of "ZiohT children 'of the living and true If an : . Tho xrnrW mfixr hnst nf hpr hicyh ranks of nobilitV, ner ' ladies duchesses, queens, and. .empresses, although thfi appaf nd equipage' are' Ihe most 'oeautiruf of the earth," adorned gold, production . of ' and "ciiam6hdsarid?wjth they are silver, pearls honored by the, whole world, and almost n the-huni- 1 ; 1 ,70 for His Joying Jdndness to us, .and for His he works of His I tendcritntircies oyer all 'hands.!' While we hunibly, compare; His dealings with the human family (His own uuapnug lonueu in xns own image, .possessed' fbrfachlties like His awiHn embryo, u ci .Huuugu isoucu ie iico ai iena leu 1 rom ' j his presence) let us compare; the love of our heavenly Father, as evinced-iHis ; with family, andt exr j dealings, , plained byJcUyine..reyeatl9n"j with.our ioyo and bur dealing yitli our own offspring '"in the fles ju ? ; :;V rJir among, yourano for,lbeprivUeg:e of .addressing you fh rough th&ind JSxponent God. T. N i do. 'VfcWhiciit''fictei:mlng from different races and times, sUntcieHUpshbw us that the like fact, familiar to-not; KVS : r EXP Q.K;E:-- . ofVwbmen. t A 11 , That same hour which first "aWakeW'ii child to tho consciousness of bein observed, and to the sense of admiration,' trips'jit of its freedom and unpremeditated grace of motion. Awkwardness folio ws, hard r upon the cph5ciousnes3 of special notice, amrtho very attempt to disguise cratwrrsment "too and more mark-e- d often issues in a secondari ' De: Qajncy embarrassment. - hear that a CUifornia philosopher lias extracted the following reply from a schoolboy,: to tho query, "How is the earth divid?'J ed, my lad ?" "By earthquakes; Sir."' AVe 1 