WOM AN'S E X P O NEN T 170 ingof. minutes by the young secretaries For the Exposest. from the'different wai ds, spirited f remarks were made," appropriate to the occasion by President Mrs. 31. I. Home, and Counsel- ors, Mrs. Z.. D. Young, Mrs. phebe Wood- ruff, Mrs. B. Smith; and also by Mrs. E. Sr .Barney, relative to tne straw wore; uk manufacture, tno maKing ot trimmings, laces, flowers etc; duties devolving upon the different Societies in accordance with the counsel which has been given by Prest; Young Br. Jones who has been employed by the sisters to prepare the mulberry cut- t K. A TOUNG MOTHER, TO , Life is youn? and love Is topder, Passing: Joys are ever street; Hearts that crave no worldly splendor Surely Bweet content shall meet. These whose hearts are ever .happy i Knowing: not of life's deep care, Know: no name more deep than "fervent" For the earnest hour of prayer. But in life there cometh sorrow, Cometh darkness and despair, And the heart o'ercharged with burden, Of ten hows In '.'anguished prayer." , But perhaps; you will say, I have more particularly alluded to merj. That is true; mea seem to take precedence in all these things, and yet there have been women who have filled prominent positions, with as much dignity and credit to themselves, as uuen. . vomen nave ruled over nations. been honored in their stations, and have conferred as great benefits upon their subjects, and given quite; as much satisfaction, (and in some instances more) as- men; and women have made themselves of great use to the world, or the age in which they li ved; but I will try to come down to the subject i - - ; tings, made suitable suggestions relating to mulberry-tree- , Jts as relates to myself. I have spent considLife U young and love Is tender, ' son ana us rapid growtn. lie erable time, and I hope some of it profita-bl- y May its brightness ever shine, adaptation to in preparing to make myself useful'.'to May; no sadness mar its splendor, expressedXliis satisfaction with the course i May no anguished prayer be thine! uiu sisiersveru jmrauiug uumvisuuu tuum uniers, uut, as yet, 1 CIO not seem to nave M J T' ultimate success.' accomplished, much, comparatively, still I nave not been indolent, my time has been R. S. REPORTS. almost entirely occupied, and I reflect a good For the Exposext. T:,' deal, how to make the best use of it possiHOW TO BECOME MOST USEFUL vi-JThe Young Ladies' Retrench, ble. ' ment Association of Bountiful, Davis Co., IN LIFE. There are a multitude of little, trifles perwas organized October 27th, 1870, formed every day, that seem nothing, and Mrs. Susan Grant, President, How very many different ways there are yet each of these is of use their worth " Nancy willey, of being useful, but to become most so, I should be estimated by their numbers not can scarcely determine. A. Call, by. their magnitude. , , "Mary There is a great diversity of opinions up.1 cannot satisfy .myself oh this subject,, Miss Lucy Fackrell, I Counselors on this subject; many very talented persons, but will sum up my ideas thus; the bhe who, Mrs. Jane Holt, ; who possess superior intelligence and in helps most to do good to others, lives most " Eliza Dalrymple, tellect, devote themselves, almost unreserv- - truly, a life of usefulness. " Regena Stoker, M. to uio pursuit oi science pernaps euiy, Jane A. Hales, Secretary. some particular branch: and then, most eren- : For the Exponent. i In.attempling to speak in behalf of our erally, give the world the benefit of their Young Ladies' Society, I will try to por- investigations; perhaps it has been a life- THE MORMON CREED.: j an. wo me neen nave iray ieeiings ju Work, then the whole world is the gainer, rather.dilatory in sending in a report of our consequently we may say, such have really, It is many, years. since I came into these oouiciy, out uhuk it oeueriaio man never. ned lives of true usefulness. mountains;: but in those days I fre- not do understand the rnr- I presume .many There is another class who aim to ho fyipntlauentlv heard what was nnllpel tho to be from derived good meeting together, statesmen and politicians, and exert nil tho mon Creed" alluded to. Rut In thoso rinva and -- exchanging ideas with each other, energies they possess to obtain a comple and of calumny and ill report I almost think the wwo lauruugu jiuuwieugtj ui xiuvt uust to govern uitjiuury oi ii is.rdsi uymg our. this matter, and am too young; it and control tho affairs of state. This class, , On hearing a;scandalous ':stc not uwuu mure uxpenenceu. dasg if they really desire the interests of since, 1 said I can;t believe it without-mor- long w I.cannot speak in.: public." But how is ex the people and seek to make the condition of confirmation. And yet. how often such perience to be; gained except by trying? It their fellowraen better, must assuredly rank stories are caught up and sent . broad east ' is the, duty of. young ladies to attend Relief the useful of mankind. through society to the. ruination of a woand Retrenchment Meetings, to speak and among r Then gain there is tho philanthropist, man's reputation; she is looked uponas a encourage each other.- - In: tho future We who, perhaps, denies, himself that , which low character, and sometimes treated bv wish to become great and noblenot to gain would be pleasant and agreeable to him, that those who ought to be her friends, as thoticrh worldly applause, the aim is to spread sun- - ho may materially benefit others. He tries she wiere a fit irimate? for a jail All this, shine; and not shade, to help those standi in need, thus securing happiness to SQcial condition of hisr;fellowmen, and to broken no law, not evea done an' intentional ourselvea.: whileimaking others happy;' we elevate them in earsto the; scale of being. : Ho wrong.; Yet it may take a have been jnstruc ed not to follow the vain seeks to raise up tnose.who are bowed down live, down such an influence: How much . i our own iii' lu uiictiiiLU a. -: c.,lasnionsoi liaoyion.' iv ,11w ihiiV: niinjftn ii ivv i"iiiiii wivm vii, MiiiMiuinirn nuiitri invr mvii v liiii nuiiri in y' v. iiiiu v v w... k t ;ii' J vw,.tu . fashions.; It is:accordiner ' oUr nrofMsinns muwauiuuu.w iuu . woum . ici imuK inere are always twoanu, in snort t sivp I. the .we inust acknowledge,taiJuve, attire, pl?m:an(1 sides his toa that to is all story." Or if i we would remem- - ' . . . . ..life, . . t . fn effivft worKraansnin iTof onr own nnnrls. .n oer mat tie surest way to una out tno trutUj t wnnin nis reacn, uspiui anu Denenciai.: ,a ;V , ,, 7 i r istogotofrienpsteinmmiatte choice of the words wo utter, and the man- - thVrVi tnnSmfi nf thn ,nf?n nmfl eVur i ners we adopt; those ej wo owe, usages of society, they seek, not the praise to practice : mora the Mormon creed To not to ourselves only, but: to those around of the w;orld, or the perishable things which mmu our own ousiness. T VIZ us. Modesty and virtue are the richest or j;. rnn t7inin ui'iini i iiiiiim i' .inn. I :i u r ill wi EmmaT N. "'BiNonAMSapEN naments that adorn a women; Our duty to 0f children of men; to teach the princi the our ' 1,1,5 Ples r salvation, according to their peculiar care we can Kinuesi oestow upon ideas or Kucst, PONT, PLEASE DON?T. them is not too much, or more than, they accountedreligious , beliefs; they too may be tiseuiL . v , a : deserve.. There Is a glorious future awaitJThere,is still another.class of useful men Don't tell the mnvMin little onp. ; who . . ing the "faUhful; let us bo up and doing, and women., A; 11111 ...1 nn !lr i. i'ji' mu wuo fhA mnn h .win : exercise thnt siiirntiv wmui. lucuuuu, qL' trj'ing to perform every duty that is requir- the!r brains to invent all branseveral come out'of the dark cellar and carry it ofT the, ed at our hands. ... ches of mechanism; some one thing and if it does not mind." Dont create a need-som- e Mary E. Woolsteniiulme. another; these inventors, if success- - less fear to go with the child through all the V. Assistant Secretary. ful,are not only, benefactors to the age in stoges of existence. r - .. 1ivT0 ...... V'hifh If! a thft7 hllf 11 i tnelnnnn monir " r T!j. ten me iittio nvcryear-oi- a iuouim,ca, iu .vou's of the Sen or succeeding generations, and their names are "the school mn'm! will out of his jimmy ears". and Junior Retrenchment . As- held in honorable remembrance but to out Iris him teeth" "tie "pull up" or any sociation, convened in the Fourteenth Ward mention each and every class of the horrible stories that are frequently' A ssem bly Roo m s, Apr. 3 rd f 1 875. would occupy. tocr much time. jparately, There an 'is presented: tothrcliiidishTihginaOoD:"" That the meeting was one of particular to ich usebe ieS.I Vfriety Thjnk you the little one will believe any- interest was manifested by the largo attend rni 1 uui, uucu iiuug you ten aiier no necomes acquainieu u V fr, fV, c,7h.nn ? ""St successful way for each, with the eentle teacher who has not tho t """" uepenas more or less on surroundinir cir- - least idea of putting these; terrible threats A .1 nnmefflnnno yet: wo' may all arrive at into, execution? i. After the usual ceremonies, and the'read-rsom- o general conclusions. Don't tell the children, they must not the-cultivatioiidf- the ' " V- - Co-operati- . ve . Vice-Preside- nt. : : . : ; -- - . by-go- -- uiuso-.wuu.ar- "t-w- sayL ne .. e ; : . . . . wah DUt-ma- ' ke , " I i A A b ' - - v I - - . r . tU: Tr. aro-dutl- I 17 11 f; uVZr:; "X:V ; . ' - , i.?0?1? Co-operat- -- ive -- " ttsin lfJ?2? SSdhC"" .".' 1 . is-8- A . ": 1 