Vol. frequently produced, and that the . persons engaged in -- the profession are ..of dissolute and disreputable character. This is undeniably truof but is it not more the fault of the persons; than the profession. This. class should not? bo taken as an index to? tho whole. A man or woman need not necessarily be a "drunkard, or bear an evil name they adopt this linerofUIle-Anoblofand instructive drama should not be despised FIRESIDE MUSINGS; V';?I am dreaming- alone by the lire so sit the I hearthstone radiant and bright, At by ' to-nig- ht, ' zl I see In - . ... - hope. For the Exponent. THE DRAMA. because an extravagant,-sensation- al anil vicious? play I31 Introduced on u the j same boards, at tlmes, to please certain?, vulgar J 4 Live o'er the scene, and bo what they behold;; TVor this the tragic muse first trcd the stage;. . : Commanding tears to stream through every age." ; It has long been a matter of surprise to me why theatrical entertainments : are so studiously slighted, and earnestly con- dernned by some portions of society. It is to be hoped that such people consider they have a true and just cause for their dislike, for in the minds of the majority?, of right ? thinking individuals, opinions entirely op; posite are entertained. Is their aversion founded on the belief that sights and examples of this kind furnish pernicious teachings, and givo false : ideas concerning life and nature? .Or is it that they regard theatre going as a wasteful and useless expenditure of time and money, that they class it as a contaminating agency, and shun and avoid all who make the drama their profession as idle, dissipated and dishonorable associates? Let us see. Should we appreciate literature? Yes. Should wo admire beauty and talent? Yes. Should we offend heaven by disregarding and neglecting those pure sentiments and 'tastes for the' beautiful and good, with which its bounty has endowed us?, Should we consider it a crime to have a generous? sympathy awakened in our natures by the voice of eloquence, and the representation Of life? .Li" .... V.'.'i If so'f then denounce the drama as a jyiclous arid jlebasing influence.? Shakspeare saysj "The purpose of playing is to hold, as it were, the mirror up to nature; to , . - . 1 r , . show virtue her own face, scorn her own image, and the very age and body of the. times their form' and pressure," If this i3 so, should wo consider it as a needless waste of time and money? Should we not rather. . patronize and appreciate tho theatre and its productions, rather than to condemn and discourage them? No doubt a great deal of the dislike arises from tho fact, that sensational and eyeri Immoral plays are not un- - ; ??"?. real-lty,y- ri i-- . ual the influence of this Salt Lake City, July 23rd, 1875. POETRY, HOW CAN WE DEFINE IT? ? BY BLANCHE BEECH WOO D. tion of It exalts, strengthens and invigorates the human mindj according to the proportion it enjoys. It makes tho hut a palace, it makes duty easy and gives a zest and flavor to each passing hour. But Jest I weary my gentle readers I will close, and anoii I will givo you a few. more ideas of mine, upon the poetry of life. And if some of our practical pedplo ' would breathe in a littlolf this exhilaralife would be ting element, their e very-da- y come a more complete realization of the do- sign of their creation. SaltLako City, July 20th, 1S75., over-worke- "'Tis not the chime and flow of words that move In measured file, and metrical array; ? ' TIs no- tho union of returning soundi ' Nor all th pleasing artiflco of rhyme, v vAnd quantity, and accent. , - Is there a word In our langauge more dj MEN OF LITERARY GENIUS. Tassos conversation was neither: gay nor brilliant. Banto was? neither taciturn nor satirical. Butler was sullen or bitinsr. Gray. seldom talked or smiled. Hogarth and Smith were very absent minded in company. Milton was very unsociable, and eyeri irritable when pressed Into conversation. Kirwan, though copious and eloquent in public addresses, was meagre and dull in colloquial , discourse. Virgil .was heavy In conversation. La Fontaine appeared heavy, coarse and stupid; lie could not speak and describe what he had just seen; ' but then ho wras the model of poetry. Chaucer's silenco was more agreeable than his conversation. Bryden's conversation was slow and dull, his , humor saturnine, and reserved. in conversation was so insipid that ho never failed in wearying; ho did not even speak' correctly that language of which he was such a master. Ben Johnson used to sit silent in company and suck his wine and their humors' Boutheywas- - stiff, scdato and wrapped up in asceticism. Addison was good company with his intimate friends, but in mixed company he preserved his dignity by a stiff and reserved silence. Fox in conversation never flagged, his animation and variety were, inexhaustible, Br. Bentley was loquacious, so also was Grotius. Goldsmith "wrote like an angel and talked liko poor Polt" Burko wa3 entertaining, enthusiastic and interesting in conversation. Curran was a convivial deity. Ex. r ; . . ' " : ; , concep- ng - .7 For the Exponent. , soul-cheeri- poetry? ? , TiiEsns. it is a spark of divinity, Who can say but i : ' r which "tho gods" have implanted within us, to happify our mortal life, and to idenl? tifyjus with themselves? ? Life itself isone great unwritten poem; eacli embodied' spirit i3 tho artist who tries his hand; his skill, his ? fenergies his capabilities more or iesssuccess-! in in in represent irig it beauty, fully, holiness, in sublimity.?? An apprecia-- ? tion of all that is most lovable, most beaut ? ful, and most attractive to? the; finer inner .senses, brings a loftier elevation of tone, ot ' sentiment-an- d x)f nearness to God. It lifts , us Into a higher atmosphere, assists us to ?controi, to govern annd .refino those attri butes of our nature not In harmony with ; ; ?' :' , ; t :?:': , and degenerate tastes. The drama;iin its ? native purity, embodies all the graces, and not only fasci nates and refines ih e senses by -- the beauty and talent it displays, andthe interest and amusement it affords, but. presents to the view of the audience a.rcflec-- " tion of human nature; and is, therefore, a valuable means of educating the jnind in - tho study of life and character. It is a high and intelligent profession, and requires of a high and intelligent order to represent it faithfully. There are thousands of inferior artists laboring in the field, but at the top round of the ladder.' Are ' glance the names of Garrick, Kemble, Siddons, Cushman, Forrest and Booth looked at with contempt, or spoken of with I disrespect? No, they occupy prominent niche3 in the temple of fame, and their memories will 7 live: as long as any of the great writers of their day, for they are represehtativo characters of 4heir times.,? To all those who denounce the drama as vicious and debasing, say this: the fault lies with yourselves; ignorance? and bigotry , never .did appreciate intelligence and: refinement and far better .would it be for you to seek to educate your own natures by the very means which you . so bitterly condemn, than to remain the victims of the false and pitiable error into ? ? which you have fallen. in-divid- "iliihy arb poets, who never have penned :: ? Their inspiration.1 , y. 1 :: -- - ; x . " liTo make the soul by tender stroke of art; To raise the genius, and to mend the heart; '? To make mankind in conscious virtue bold, the word, but one capable of tho most lofty cultivation: it is tho extreme depth and mi- nutest expression bfjorrow,' and ?' the most ecstatic and? qxquisUoj joy?"? Byron sai!: . - the blaze of the coal's gleaming glow An emblem of this, our strange life below.' 337 The blaze is the wild dancing visions of youth, So beaming with bright hopes, of glory and truth, v ' Chasing sorrow and shadowy doubt all away J A 8 the darkness of night f ades,wlth morn!ng3 niight ray. Now the blaze In its glory Is sinking, so low, That shadows hang over the coaUstcadyljglowvv;'''': As fade our bright visions of life's morn away, : They too cast a shadow o'er all our pathway. :r f': : Our hearts may still glow with warmth and delight, Cut our hopes for the future are seldom so bright, ' As in the fresh morning of beauty and love, V t Ere dark cloudi obstructed the suns rays above. Butlo, as I ponder on life as itsacms, - ; r Sa mixed with deep sorrows and joys fitful gleams , Now pleasant the pathway, now rugged and hard And weary tho feet that each pitfall must guard: The fire is fading, gray ashes o'er all J r? "I )' ? ;7 Makes me think with a sigh of the shroud and the pall, Yet this sorrow is half of its bitterness shorn, As I catch a bright gleam of Eternity's Morn. A No.. 5. SALT LAKE CITY,:" 4. ;1 ex- pressive and comprehending more sublime, lofty and holy ideas ; than poetry. Tho greatest writers whoso works have ever been given to the WTorld only touch the subject. ? The Dictionary tells us that poetry is composition either In prose or imaginative ' Verse." The term is understood by tho masses of mankind as being rhymo with a certain metre, but those whose souls have a toucn? of this ideal sublimity inherent in them, find poetry embracing a variety of subjects; they appreciate the poetry of music, of motion, of nature most of all; tho running brook, the sparkling fount, the grand ocean, "tho; sighing of the sad sea waves," everything that strikes harmoniously upon tho charmed sense. It Is an Inspiration In the truest version of Cor-neill- o, , , . 