WOMAN'S. EXPONENT. 17G DIVERSIONS. " feel FACTS AND FIGURES. -- a smaslvup afore we tret to London, and if you are killed I'll just pretend I didn't know f Posr jjly it in my bones that there's going to be you never h card of a Mr. Dr. Glenn, said to bo the largest farmer " in California sold his last: year's crop of lias his ye." tori, but ho lives and moves as as does. CD) 1 she much t n being grain for nearly $500,000, gsld coin. ADVICE BY TLOUEXCK NIGETIK-- - - Tiik . The hardest thing to hold in this world is consumption of ice has greatly inGALE. an unruly tongue. It beats a hot smooth creased in this country during the past five ; n and a kicking horse considerably. yearp. As illustrative of tnis met, it is sta extracts The from a written letter following ted thatin 1854, 300,000 tons of ice met the A certain editor is so prejudiced that to a this esteemed by lady correspondent, demands of the people, while now one firm; when he writes about the difficulty, in Mon be read Win with interest: has put up 880,000, and other parties have tenegro he insists on calling it 'Montenig-"I could not do what you asked me to do packed as much more. in your kind letter of July 12th viz., give .a.. - r . - a The Juliet of Miss Lilian Conway is )uu n on acBoston has been Jinormapon aooui my own life: al success her a mother, though, if I could, it wrould be to show how count of the scarcity of water and not great pronounced Mrs. T. B. Conway taking the part of Ro a woman of very ordinary ability has been reason; for the water in' Lake Cochitu- meo.led, by Fra.ige and unaccustomed paths, ate has been 14 feet below the highest wa- Woman avaxoT equaVjnanj in a variety to do God's service. I have' worked hard. I ter mark! and several inches below the out instance in loafing round the very hard, that is all; though beincr natur let.; .Tho city, got water only through the of waysr-f- or ally a very shy person, most of my" life has agency of two powerful steam pumps run at or in the' store, in a country pos been very distasteful to me. I have no pe tho expense of $800 per day. inality of her stupidity. culiar and I: can honestly assure any Cool piece of business Mr. Bergh ar- young gifts, lady, if she will but try to walk, she resting New York coachmen for not blanket- wiu soon do able to run tno "an jointed . '7. EVER Y D E S CRIPTI ON ing their horses. Kind of a 'nice bergh course.".. nut then she must first learn to ; or Ri3-an- d 1 ing-iro- , , r a. panic-stricke- -- - . -- - -- .... . . ' : wayjtf-djQing-things- . --- "I guess I'll take this book," remarked a to Chicago-ladthe clerk of a bookstore; as much gold leaf on the "It's got twice cover as any of the rest." y "What's jography, Bill?" "It's a tellin' of forrin lands that we know nothin' about by eutechaps that's never seen 'em. ; got a Government situation. A Rochester flirt had an offer of marriage some time since, and rushing to the hall she called up stairs: "Mother! am I '-- Bill engageld to anjbody now?" A Wisconsin editor says: "Owing to the death of the editor of this journal there will bo no leader bqt look out for an "T old ripper the day after."" II ; "Idiot!" exclaimed a lady coming out of the theatre one evening ai a gentleman accidentally stepped on her ti ailing skirt. "Which one of us?" blandly replied the tb-mprro- w, "Youit feet are not very stylish," said a man to his friend, whose feet were covered with bunions. "No, not stylish; but exre- ceedingly nobby," was' the . good-nature- d "A place for everything, and everything in its place," as the old woman said When sho stowed the broom, bellows, balls of curry-comthree cats yarn, two ami a v ; gridiron into an old oven. - ' doll-babie- s, b, "Mr. Smith's compliments to Mr. Brown, thinks it unnecessary that his piggs should go through his grounds." Answer Mr. Brown's compliments to Mr. Smith, thinks it unnecessary to spell plswith two g's. - ; ,.- : & '. : 7 i -- .... ;J - , .. . . ' co-o- " ; ; ; p. ... -- J . . w . . f , of-,- permitted his pig to take up quarters- with his family, made an answer abounding with satirical naivete: "Why not? Doesn't the place afford every convenience that V'pig ''-'can require?" i'',,--.v: ,v It certainly loksVlittieddAvhen a married couple are visiting at a friend's house to seo his wife accidentally Jajr her hand upon a coal shovel, and the husband, as if hy instinct, dodge behind the' nearest ob' ject that can afford 'him shelter ". J ust as a train started out on the Great Western road the other day, a woman leaned forward and called to her husband, who was - icn leei away: "Bay, Simon, did you wash jour.ieet anucnange your socks?" "No, by swan! forgot all about it," he replied. she said, as she leaned kick, "I . "Well," N - alk, and so, ' when she runs, she must CLOTIIING BOOTS, SHOES, run with patience. (Most people do hot -....'.. AKD:.. . . even try to walk.) But I would also say to GENERAL DRY GOODS. trie young ladies who are called to any pecu. nar vocation, qualify yourselves for it as a Specialty An Gloves and Home-mad- e Socks. man does for hia work. Do not think you can undertake it otherwise. No one should FIue Line of LADIES' CORSETS. attempt to teach the Greek language until heii master of the language: and this he II. E. Phelps, can become only by hard study; and if you 9 East Temple Street are called to man's work, do not: PYjWn Woman's privileges tho privileges of inac curacy, of weakness, ye muddle-head- s. Submit yourselves to tho rules of business, II. DINWOODEY as men do, by which alone you can make VVnoLESALE t Retail Fceniture Dealer. business succeed. It has happened to me moro than once to Largest Assortment in Utah. be told by women. "Yes, but you had per He has removed his Furniture fromMain St.to Lis three sonal freedom." Nothing can well be fur- storey Brick Store. iner irom the truth. I question whether soirrn st., y block west of cokxek. God has ever brought any one through more difficulties and contradictions that T hnvp CLUB RATES. had. But to women I would say, look upon your work, whether it be an accustomed or an unaccustomed wort as udoii a trust Dcternilncd that nothing ahall be wanting on the part confided to vou j.nis win Keep vou alike of the Pnhllshers. to increase the circulation of the from discouragement and presumntfonifrom ExpoxEsx and aid in promoting the objects contem idleness and from overtaxing yourseil 1 plated In its publication, by making it truly an expo- the views of the women of Utah, sustained by have been nine years confined, a prisoner. went ofread by them, and iU columns enriched with a to my room from" illness, and overwhelmed them, widely circulated expression of their thought, wc offer with business. This must be mv excuse ihe following liberal terms to clubs for the present tol- for not having answered your questions be fore. Nothing, with the approval of mv 10 copies; I year with a copy to the getter up of v own judgnient, has been made public before, - $18 W . the club. or would send if. Iliavft a st 1 15 copies, year, with a copy to the'getter up of uo the cJui), lion to sending my own likeness, for the same reason. Some. of the most vnTimhio 20 copic, 1 year, with a copy to the pcttcr12upx of V lu tbeclub, and framed teel cnrarmg works the world has ever seen, we know not inches, of President Brigham Young, telling - S4 00.., , . price, $2.50 whp is the author of. I do not urge this ex . SO.copief, 1 jcar, with a copy to the fetter up ample upon others; but it Js a d en una a ine iirsi cino, prooi suei superior icujjiuua turupie m wyseii. x uo not wish - graying of Pretident Brigham Young, hand- - 4S 00 my name to remain, nor my likeness. If I someJy framed, Eclling price S4 could really give the lessons of my life to Clubs can be commenced at any time, and additions my countrywomen, the lessons of mv mis can be made after, the first list of; names has been 6ent. takes as well as Of the rest, I Would; but for I Getters up of clubs ihould notify us of their intcnUcns ' . . ' '' . . : lUiS them with nil names ECni in. lucre IS no lime. J. WOUkl nhHr VUl J uu J Isa that we ran credit woriw snence ' deep-seate- An Irish peasant being asked why he - ' . : v xi-- ' a -- - ' cr " . I , . - 7 at nrstin silence for in aiim in the mm and residence of each subyears it nqt botimo wasted. I'erhaps Ucribcr, plainly and correcUy" written, with the time xu uu )uur inu xi wm ue me lime VOU will when each subscription Is tocommcncc, ana whcuicr lor afterwards find to have been best spelitS a whole or half year. v. ;:,.v--'.. r.T worK Will , Money can be remitted by. rcgibtecd letter Less than one hundred years ago, when Dr. Franklin vas Postmaster General, the df the publishers. f .U at the ri k - ; : Subscribers desiring the addrets changed from one whole number of post offices in the ' United Post Office to another should cend t ua their former aa ' ' States was 7u; the length of post roads 1875 well as their new address. ; "We hope that" atents and ladles thrpttghout toe Tcrri- mifes: the revenue S37.935: and ih f Now the Whole number torJ, especially Prcfidcnts and Officers of Relief Sorie-openditure3$32,140. Exf v, x fho lono-fofflpps is 33.-554i , S Ues will aid ns by getting up clubs, by bringing4hc 9KS oin k c,i nZZ ponest faTorablv to the notice of '.otherwise using their in Sncnco to' increase lti cireulannrl thA ovnnArm., oo.no b w7 ' v tion ana useiuiness. - - f . - 