For the LllTE LESSONS. - BY BLANCHE BEEC1IW00D. , V ? An4 'twere as raia a thlc?, J of natqreona perpetual epilay, 3 ' ..a r ? eva4& those iafl autumnal houjs, to As ? Or deem tH path of life ahall bloomf all Cowers" 5 V, aslc j j-- . -- '.' tv. nf nnr lifft niav1 lift all bran ' ; 1 ' tll gladness, all gaiety we may revel as in Nature's bower, in the centre of the erartlcn ?f Eden, whero the very air is redolent of aappmcss ethereal, hut were this to he the ThA finrinp' 0 . . , - -- . was rto sharmouize . P the elements of our common human nature .. KOTES AND JSE WS. f objects. - " , ire-quen- tly -- k, or 1 or-slanti- : . i t M " . f ft m ; . 1 s " v ; I f : , : r; x-olo- ; - :i-:TU- E : ! , gonl y.;;;';; - , j grt : . ; Tho multiplication i table icati bo .practi- caiiy laugni oyimeansoi ine eigntn uuii as - weH as tho letters of the alphabet; while the of tho. ninth Gift, Jike the sticks of the jings eighth, serve as an intToduqtion to dra,ying, ; and prepare. the.chilc for the .employment, t of; the d rawing slates and papery jfhich tho tenth ryoungVchii(. Ten adyanco rapidly in - the art lot drawing - by this process of evolufiqnj and cbmbiuing the.first elemonts of form.' 1 The sates Tand " the paper are ruled iri sqiiarea IT. .... 'ZlXlZ'u Vl Tho elbvenlKand" tvvelfth Gifts' cohsiit of material for perforating and embroidering. ; In orderly sequenfo the child hanow (al- lKIt unwittingly) jcomo familiar' yiihr cu- blc square f(or pl.:ie),! linear or snhcfical -- cbn-stitn- tq gift.r-T-Eve- 1 , r - 1 w seventh Gift consists of quadrangular and triangular tablets of polished, wood. In the six previous gilts the child had to do i witlr solids. niBv tho tablets plane surfaces nre representedj Which are-iturn followed ' by t i falght lines (wooden staffs) in the eightlr!glft,' ' and curved lines (rings and ': half-ring-s of wire)5 Ih ihe ninth gift, - ; obloners. This. as will bo; scenMs a complement, to. the fourth gift, as the fith was to the third. .. corisisi imr of. doubly-divide- d d :The . 1 . -- v 11 '" con-"sta- nt c--f - ' ' . -- Bab-coc- ; in--t- - J"V ht: Tho third Gift is a large cube, divided o eight small cubes, of equal size, to illus-- , tra te form aud n u mber, and to give th e firs t -- Idea of fractions. : t, r" " -The fourthjGrift is a large eube, divided In-- , to eiglit oblong, usef al in teach in g t lie child difference in regard to length breadth and and height, etc;ahd enabling him to indent a greater; variety Jo rior 1 in es dii t He tabl e before ; h i m a being r guide to their construction Ther fifth Oift consists ; of thirty-nin- e ; whble, six half; : and pieces," twenty-on- o ' twelve quarter-cubes,fming altogether one largo eubel ' In addition to horizontal and perpendicular lines, thi3 gift introduces tlie line.' . Acquaintance is 'oblique thus made with the triangle, and is used With children from five! to ;six years old. :u.!TKo'sixth Gift-isanother large cube, but - . over-wroug- s t .. KINDERGAKTKN : j V . -- ; ft -- - GIFT. The first Gift (for the youngest children)' consists of sis soft balls, with uipicu ouu ivpivocuuMg ixiu wiwpiuiary and:threo mixed colors. The ; aim -- of this first occupation is to teach tho . children to distinguish between.the right and the left nana, to.teaqn uireciion (rigni ana leu, rup and dowm:ta train the eye, exercise hands. and feet, and Jo name tho yaribus colors. - r Gift consists of a "sphere a k ,rTho second ube and i cylinder the object being to teach rmand to.direct the child's atten-tiont- o similarity and dissimilarity betveen d. ' - t 0 yirW- Uis principle of operation is, there- - w -. l fore, love and not fear to engage and train the young and; active faculties; not specially to coerce them,.., ; ;r i : CJ bei ng.: masteri-chordrofU- a ; - tvne-scttin- sr w X ' He saw these elements nascent in tho child; and that affection wast the? ! Ithte imparl tbo: strength; and vigorio tho soul, tnat a. different experience would? Tr.ii'fin vpiitf! cable was" laid' !last Would it inspire us with a desire to study ' month across . Vineyard Sound connecting . ,oursclves and, search- out the remote and ffli-tVfnpvnnl with the main-lansecluded corners our of and inner life, y 'The laying was performed in two hours by .help to mould; our thoughts and aspirations a united States revenue steamer. into a channel of higher intelligence? j There are lessons to bo learned in every At FTArcnismjRtt Penn. Dr. J. B..iHaves . season of our live3,- - andf an experience to has lately invented a new apparatus for press, be gained, which only Ihd incidental storms inc mal dust into fuel. The machine is which burst sometimes in upon us, with al f saidi to be simple, cheap and practicable. ;most crushing force, could ever effectually It has been put in operation at mo rivet in quremcmbrancer A gentle, sooth' , burg machine shops. : , ;,: cool rain and the may surface, dampen t ing but in a moment of time, comparatively, it In 'In(liiistrv,,: tells f)r Ami!S In his is as if it had never been; but when ti about the physical unfitness of women for ' Thtro are instances enou sh furious storm beats upon the, earth, it has . r loft a more lasting impression. on record to prov& that woineh in this pro-It is not usually until the autumn winds fessionjdo not absent themselves more begin to blow, and the summer's hey-da- y than men oh account ot their health. past, wo aro fully nrenared- to tafcn nn thn A new naner is announced to 'afjnear in subject Hying, in; its braid est and mo3t r, Boston Oct 25th, edited by J.;3I. L. comprehensive sense. ;The experience - of it will belcalled "The Kew Aire and former years, the bitter heartaches brought the prospectus says, is io be devoted to rib about, it may bo4 through 'oar' qwn 'folly or ' sect or party religious, political or social, indiscretion, the Tmany changing t vicissiuuiiiiui ui iuu uijutsi tuiumcuuusivc view tudes which occur even in eomnanitivn- of all true interests in thought or action ' ly quiet livps, all have a bearing upon the mind, and if properly appreciated, strengthr Tin; LAiiAMmSentinenWvominff cives en the character, impart individuality and an encouraging account of the eourtsjwhere fortify us against tho more intense and wnmon liar! hem .nrlmlf taA fn tfiA 'fJMnH rude blasts Of the "win tor nf nnr vnnr i Jnry. With ladies in their mlckt e very--y Do wo dein the smallest r comprehend "thing of the nature of levity or blackgttard- gree the purposes of God ih;. our creation? ism, everything offensive to decency and 4)a wo seek to inform ourselves .thoroughly morality was banished, whereas, heretofore on all subjects which pertain to life and exthe prevailing elements we red r u n ke n n o ss, istence Jierer Po we consider that we aro rowdyism, quarreling, fighting etc. actors in a threat drama and do wentrive to render ourselves creditably-- in the : part we . ikJMETinxG ki:w in the way of enter-- : aro performing and adapt ourselves to the taiaments was recently' given by.-- - Mrs;; Jji-- i 1 frlia Ward Howe at Newport, and styled "A iu um iciuiw wwm"n aafi all mo - Blue Tea.-Each guest was required to paraphernalia with which the great stage 'in endowed. .If the great1 AiiihWhad no contribute a verto or prose article .fo tljo ultimate oljcct in icw in giving us an ex. , occasion; one lady honored the party with a Mstenee here, then we might be excusable in pair of blue stockings. Every one present ' was dressed in bine and- - the decorations flitting from flower to ; flower, or wastirig precious time and throwing away opporlu- knots of Jjlue' ribbon .;Were all of that nities for improvement; or satisfy ourselves ' u oruaniencd the cream pi tchers and sugar- liowis. nit '.was pronounced . 'a- - uniquo iyo-- ; for 'railing against Fate, or sit idly waiting : v.: r Providence. cial success. V'.i::v;: ,f; Y,'' vj C!" V: Beings endowed- with superior powers V could never have been created to live a few PARADISE OF CillLDHOOD; Isbort years and then pas3 away leaving no ' record of an individual existence. The ; "Ctme kt us Uts for cur children.? i rn z- .t Savior said "By thcirVfruits yo . shall; know them.' It i3 the opinion of many who are it may be.VirU to give a brief reheamal of "Iwise and learned that woman's minion np- what I h i vo hrotoforo, remarked iiixn the "on the earth, is maternity, wUlr it's minor p inciplps nf Kindergarten educa-- : details, its accompanying c:ires and anxie-- j tion. t ' : ; .. : . ..; tic?, and needful exigencies; that thcjo fill tcu fikHkhallinterlnc- ThcKiudu-gameasure of her creation;: and when thi rlia dhto step and connecting link", between tho ; i3 done, she shcnld with becoming matronly nursery and theschool,Jeing designed 'by : dignity; retire from the sphere of: active life its founder- - for children of three to seven and gracefully welcome old a'ge years. The golden maxims of Frcebel oe " That motherhood briugg into a womun . ."play is tho work of the :I, lifa a richuc, zest, and tone that nothing child.;,:;7 : j Wc must begin at tho beginning.1; eho ever cau,I gUdly you. but that her up a ch,i!d in the way 4ie eliauld usefulness ends there, or. that she has no and when go, ;p fs old ho wilt not 'depart other individual inter "to ofve I cannot ' ' w readily cenccde. ';: ." ; -- that integrity of culture may result. y - lac simile" or our whole lives, what saoum wo accomplish worthy or merit would i "'ffFreebePsTnam-tudyi- She has lived one lifeand now'she may Jive another; not a! better life,' net perhaps even so pleasing a one; notpno that will affectional bring into play those tender and nnnl it fes . which chanicterize i the life of ytrue mptlier,, while her :ntUer ones cluster Unm lirtor' OTirl VinmP- - hut stilt aUtVtive praeticd life, which will develop in her to tho best advantage the experiences of tho tviVt thnt will ncfilst and benefit those who are toHtbliow in her : footsteps. I There i is practical work to do; a testimony j to heaj. -d Let us take heed tvedo so faithfully. ; & L. City, Sept; 20tb, 187o..r-- - Expoxrxf . and ho is ' brought to the I. pbinC :Steadincs5 fjf oyb and hand result from this occapalion,1 thus preparing thepu-- : pil for various kinds j of .manual pcrforman---cesi4 pricking-need!- '; n. ;.- - - practical-life- . ...iThe' thlrtoenth'-Giai- i I : latorial "fori cut. and ting paper mounting pieces to! produce and forms. figures Squares of paper, aro eo folded and cut s to' form figures. Scissonf, Tanndcilatthei;i .ond?, aro hero employed 