1 w a m a iv e:: e I ,158 ''it with a very For thQ EpoyaXTjX a: cloth rolled up; land rubbing tho r cruit of ibtoad ribbed bar J 'upon smUy 'as BESIGNATION little greaso : a griddla will cure it of j sLiekiagi 'i.'.v : Out In" the frozen niffbt ,r, -. f ; Mooubeama Jailing round, Chilling moontteamsj wan an& tvhlte "jAsteepon the dreary ground ' nek t; x-p-q pa . ' ; Scalding-flou- br r mealrtly ' r. v;. icr -- ' ? brilliant lonb, bright star, ' A'Seems resting gently now ; .", meets the line eperi dark Whore a tky '.One' ,1 " : On the mountain's rugged brow , ; i i : 'n-, ' :.,,: So near to the verge It scomS) Looking' up from whero I stand,' Vs" That a child would thiakf ould it gain . ...7, '''"? . '. ; thatfpot, . With a bitter, painful start,. '..fa even thus with the brilUant hopes : I -;- j' - - - r , Thatrest.in the human frea custard,-cakc42t&r-theyouldh6- ; -- j "J by-th- " n 'Till the olouai of this world, ' ' Drifting up in their gloom and wrath, nide iho beautiful rajs, and wo find no more, Their tracings along our path , caro-wor- -- ' . 1 ' , ' , ' And shadows creep oyer the jbSuI, ' Their presenco pierce eye and brain With voiceless cries for the vanished liht, Till the hpart grows jstill with pain. And sometimes out from that silence deep, Creaks a whisper low and light, . "v Chaslax the sorrow from ores that weep, . Changing the gloomiest nfght. And our souls are filled with that holy love: .'; , : ' m' , ' : Out in the solemn night, ' JXoonbeamsJfalling round, , Beautiful moonbeams, warm and bright, I Vtiling the frozscn ground. And the mountains bleak in their rugged might, Are a covert for peaceful walls; he star looks down with a tender light, starts and falls. A tear-dro- p , . o I-T- MiLLicnrr. HOUSEHOLD HINTS canning can as full as. it will loll, let if stand open live cr tea minutes shake it down once or twieb and put in another' spoonful, then put the lid oa and seal it down. ' All the air is removed by thi3 simple ven or the ture, and you will seldom find a v c have canned bushels of peaches, ruit spoiling. omatoes and ever other desirable frulwithiaoiir reacn, wun unvarying success, ia tuis way.4 in a word, the simplest and most economical-- way of cooking, in cyery department, is generally the betic7e "Is ter way. in good cookitig, a3 we will often fiud thatHhc frea-so- n why" is easily found if we "apply some simple 7 ssoii of chemistry. Herald of Haiti. cau-burstin- Hints on Cooking.- - Dried grains, or meal ' and flour prepared from dried grains, are generally more wholesome and digestible when cooked slowly and a' long time. Soaking or fermenting aids the cook, kuuugu lAiva nu uwjtouuuaon; u wo Hiiui tuu very best food. Wheat, beans, hominy, etc., are far sweeter and inore nutritious if well washed, and put into plenty of. cold water andilowly-hrcus- ht to boil, and, then kept, boiling slowly for. several hours. Where salt is put into such food it' should be added when the grain is quite done, and cooked 1 m fox only half n hour. f':rpre'parajio'nsjbJh-- . dian corn require, much Ioagerlcjokiag to make them wholesome than those niade'from wheat.'; , . Fresh vegetables generally requira to he, put into boiling, water," and 7tobe7cookccl more ;. rapidly. Steaming, which is the hottest niode of iCooking, is the most complete, and prepares .vegetables with all their juices and aroma. It is a grcat v uustake to leave the kettle Uncovered white any green vege table is cooking i . vI rt ' : . .Greases of any kind melted and cooked into food destroys the best taste of any food. If it is to be used at .aU, it should bo thoroughly worked into some other ingredient before adding jt to the article which is cooking, or to ba cooked. In all cases where flour and butter are to be! put in mix them together, and then i the butter "will not "float nor will the flour lump. Sugar and butter mixed will prpducc. the amccffec.t. l J3ucf forpuddings. can be lift out with but little' pcrceptibh effect on their, richness, 'by supplying Uha place with the same quantity.of scalded, cream or rich milk. ' Greasing baking pans can bo. accomplished with Ies3 grease by using a firm swah to rub tho pan, or . . - - - - V : nioiir; rubbed e veryf hourjor 13 '.hu'rsHj The samo treafment recommenuVj ed foV typhoid fever,and other inflammatory : tism, and tufeercalosl& a distinguished English OIIall, ivriter, vrhosq wife is equally vyell knovvi asl S. an'aiiihoress says" in a letter to the Herald of Health: 'Thanli God, though .most three score-anten I. 'by? threo years and imyi "wife tuot5 much lessM'e' enjqy health;, are still at work: I published ab6a: in 1S20, and jMr IjalL begaii to ;yrl f 0 JiF 1825, s5bnafter :our marriage; the: 2Qh of September, 1321. AYe have a happy retro- ' spect, for which wo givo God thanks; and a prospect that we shall be together, grateful and prayerful to Him,through eternity. To temperance We owe our health, to faith v : v ; in God our many blessings. g . v ; 1 'g-ood- ; . : and-trus- t . - 1 tte Exr pxENT. FQIl For FAITH s worth-know- mg vt&t leastItsoyeroyer? ( ouqq $ purposed iheenUre Surface ; , Coming down from Eternity's throne, As we murmur with patient end pleading hearts ''God's will is above our own!" t of e -- : S niindcalothis tha better to do without. the custards cakes, r siaK? thsm with cream ;jreast' and ccra, jstarch'Hany adli-tioajexcellent dishes otherwise, are spoiled eggs; rice, Joe, Jrwtaneobakod with ; ;milk for several hours makes thp erjbeit puddBwo know. of but with eggs it is positively aboaaaable: it needs no further description, .. v .To cook fruits: just right requires caro aad skill:; JiK:e apple sauce w a ' very simply preparation lmost everything else must bo attended to; in every detail if. wo: would hivo. a nice wholesome dish. It depends entirely 011 tne kmd or quality of cooxea a snort or a the aDrne whether it s long time; fine grained apples generally make the best sauce or pies. Never sweeten" steved fruits until they are quite soft and pulpy, and then cook i . out a lew. minutes aiterwaru. . In simply canning fruit ;of any MudTco.,. sugar should be used if wc wish uniform success; and no" trouble of, doing them over ,;If: you know how-tcan fruits, try them without sugar arid see how much more invariably your success and how much nearer the real natural flavor of the fruit you will approach. .There r is another secret . of successful ' t ;7 They seem bo near to our lives, 'i : S-So firm in their beauty 'clear,' .;7 ,,17 w" ; That we dream not their source is far' out In heaven ' 1 . '' ' v. J While only the light falls here; , , ce - fr ,t " - - - ... -- ... . J L - ; ad f vr It might grasp it with outstretched baud. An the thought comes over my soul, J" ! If tho there' :bo no vell liss been vili .fitted, iir draft in;cdnsequence of the dlslacolnent 'of Hint'its Ic6vdrpa thO iowdr" sain will overlap the bbttoni of thp upper. ope, and between the bars : perpendic" ulaf currents oflr'riot lt, Vill enter. nrid" ' '" '.' leave th? rooni: 1: qliiLiiT' FiivEJS. Hpoji tlie rccornttien dlition oT Beliheeinan; thd ; fever' has; of;icar body with flit, in' been ex tensi vely .praQtised i n Germany for--a number of- years. .. Cocoa butter is recom-- , arid the sash lc t dpwn closely. upon it. -- -t placQtl y;b:;tVosiiji:' Hi-po- cl th irfg latJthearo efearW the beginnings of brgahized life; In spirit pn?a1i ual things, no faith, no life j no faith. im-- f " planted,no growth. Not that all seeds grow, : or that all faith grows and ripens to fruition. As 'sce'ds irow":'by ''that' 'which: c6nic".';from ahove'.so does faith, with this; dih"erencej:th-substance that laith thrives on must po ass-- ' o , !ad received tlie gospel77 - Avhispereti; ali , wlfispered, at last spoke audibly by the dips-of the Eervants of the Lord, and, the voice . rwas kn own. t r:r rocnr to to ia How natural it for memory the scenes of childhou'ii what fancy pictures HYGIENIC are showiij to the xaind.eyp, indistinct but.; us eoon in tho distant past. After Good food i'ecurcs good digeition, and charming away I visited my na- with good digestion half the ills of life take many years had past tive; home,howad waftetl and ditTerent, things, to themselves wings and fly away. seemed when- - in reality. Thof cozy, little G Br. a recom"Warts. ttceit Removing nooks that Ihad'eecn beneath the hawthorn mends rubbing, warts, night and morning; hedges, "soVelyetyi a) id' iiow'er adorned tliatwith a. moistened ..piece of muriate of fairies might; haye uwelt in them were ban"soften and dwindle away, is!ied;. But in tlielrIaee. there They ,wild no such white follows their ihjWers siich as li-t- not seen inj;were markkas leaving ;childlibqdjr . dispersion with lunar caustic. in size,' contracted if the meadows scvnied PqITlONJRLEElNIatwell there were the sainiM familiar trees around when lyin down to have the head even tlie "same natural'!- ccts torlbok uijon; even '' with' the body,?1 :r :d daisies. to tho butter-cup- s e' bodi' "should hot he c'oilGned to : And these, I ' fel'i; arc. thine, ;my; Father ;! The qno position 4irt sleep, more than1;. when, how beautitu! ' all nature looked; awake..' , Variety ;i.4 'essential ;; still,' general heavens more gay and golden; the- air I iy, it is beot to sleep principally on the 'side, breathed more ' eiu.ic, the fragrance of th6 ' n j; ! more delightful. ;. varying it to partially on the face, and 'occa. sionnlly on tho back. The head hojildjje. Jlliivv' nnlural fjr iu to visit the old col- even with. the body. . If sleeping on .the Iciato church, .alio approaches to. tho ven side, a thin pillow will be necessary to bring arable edifice wero the same,the very tomb-one- s the head 'oh a lino with the I'OUy. Herald in tjic might have been ' of ncalth. ilib "iamc," .tho. clv which.had stood for. centuries was v .; !:. unchanged., AVith t I The-stiU-sraaiiToicf- i "hatelad . - .. a : ? . 4 . . I i I . I . ; ani-moni- a. ' . , sT , - . " '. . .. ' : : ;AN3.-i-Th- 5 ' - i Zilay-blwr- : ; ; . , ' chur-.;i-yar- ; ; I - -- cobts a:id JswcoSens. railG(i,:tho slip TermentatiohU- - ScaldiD beMmes Diil Scalded sweet, the whey separated fromtio.curd h easily digested, audi is better than shortening in bread. JNIilfc and cgg3 are1 completely cooked so ,ai'fd''.l)j of easy; digestion, in a fcwmintites; or if' booked longer,' it should be for. at least an hour as b:li63, Hoh slowly for an hour they become very soft? reallj eseellent. ;t They jseem to bo easily digested 'ia the samd alsop a Tter this long ;cooking. : way should he. cooked rare, or a bag time.Onb fresh egg is worth- two of those whero tho xilaking yelks break whUo?brbaking tho shells; thciDand'prcveut3-rapimilk does! -- tlK ' same". laiig as the r'br'eddth'of tlio "vintloWi" 