WOMAN'S E X P 0 n E N T. 141 If a womam dares to stand up in public and ountain of all knowledgelet express her ideas, (even before her own sex) or if .she happens, to differ in point of opinion from herf husband, father, or brother, she is at once set down as a radical. Or as belonging to a certain 'stripe of female characters," (a term I have heard,) who ransack the country, and in opeii defiance of all the laws of propriety, and modesty make for themselves a standard of morality; endeavoring to gain influence by. imposing upon the unsophis-- r ticated and unwary. Their strongest hold lies with the opposite sex, who in this respect seem to be the weaker, instead of the stronger na tu re; They -- are : notlevating butdegrading womanhood. Now, with such we have no fellowship, or kindred association; our cause is one totally dissimilar in ail respects. We would represent our sex, truthfully and In an unpreju-dicimanner. That we are more or less in bondage, we do not attempt to deny; " willing but it is the force" of Kabit; of iogcoltfnued custom, of tradition, of .common and general education; and as Shakespeare says, 4,A custom more honored in the breach than in the ' K observance." Why are women slaves to fashion and style! - Men say to bhino as "bright particular stars'-i- n the firmament of society, to excel in point of attraction, to outdo their neighbors. But after all, is it not to gain the admiration and favor of the opposite sex, to captivate their eyes or win their hearts? which are '"far more susceptible to outside attractions, than to any genuine worth. It is proverbial that men do not choose intellectual women for wives. They consider them very appropriate for old maids; this helps them to bear their cruel lot with a better degree of serenity; gives them occupa- tiou in place of family cares. But for domestic home companions Oh no! The assertion is widely circulated, among the "fair sex," that the more shrewd, designing, artful, insinuating and intriguing a woman is, the better chance she stands of filling that exclusive place in a husband's affections, which Does this en- to expect. vrvt wifii has a richt courage innocence, purity, elevation of character, loftiness of purpose, or does it engender good-breedin- g, : al . : ; ' -- , .virtue?-',- ' y ;'"'"":v-.- r . ' ;, ' ' Does not this erroneous state of things call aloud for reform? And ought not those to be commended, who are willing te launch forth upon the stream of public opinion, conscious of the justness of their cause; and with unceasing and unhesitating energy and perseverance, row against the stream; fearless of the storms they must encounter, or the fierce surging of the angry waves of popularity? If it were possible to awaken each one to her own Individual need, would there beany occasion to stand up and advocate reform?: ' 'It every one would see to his own reformation, How very easily you mi;ht reform a nation. - Here at home, among those who profess to be Saints, is the very cruelest test of our sincerity and integrity in the cause we have undertaken Sneers, reproaches, taunts from those who ought to assist us in this very work. They cannot, or will not see we are working for an ultimate good, for a true and permanent elevation of character, for an independence one's own exertions and real merit, for through the highest culture and refinement attainable, "and for that true distinction, which is worthy the most entire devotion of purpose. They look upon U3 with suspicion, faucy we would undermine their influence with the opposite sex, as opposed to all cultivation of taste in dress, which makes them the centre of attraction and the envied of their 4fset." But let woman seek intelligence from the her, be mentally instead of at the place of delivery; and and spiritually qualified and competent to have sent to us, ten cents postage for each choose a companion for herself, let her under- yearly subscriber?Thi3 new postal 'law- docs stand her true; position and the duty she owes not eflecfc subscribers within - the precinct of to her Creator to fulfill the measure of her cre this county. , " ? ;y r:: ation, and she ; will choose wisely. One equal at least in all things, and if possible superior to HOME AFFAIRS. herself. ; Men who would hare such companAN Item worthy of attention is that dried ions must look beyond the outward adornments f person; and the offspring'1 of such a union peaches from Utah are wortli frem four to five 7"., would be calculated to rise in the scale of hu- cents more in the States than those raised and ..." cured there. ;'"' ; man progression' LiI If wo believe what" has -- been prophesied to Trains on the Utah Western rail road now us, that our children should fill honored posi- run daily between this city and Lake Point, tions on the eartfy should do a greatet work Clinton's landingrr And wbrkn T tlie Utalf than their parents, we ought to seek by all the Southern is progressing so finely, it is antici means in our power,Jo prepare them for the pated that: earlyJn. the coming summer, the stations they are destmed to fill; that they Cars Will run as far South as Nephl. : may fill them with wisdom. and true dignity. Mr. Haynes and son, of this lately from Through the industry and untiring efibrts of Wales have commeuced thecity manufacture of their parents the:hardy, pioneers of this new is such as used in chain, logging, &c. - Wo are country byvtlie uiercies of God, our young peoalways pleased to note any advancement in the ple are enjoying means of acquiring kuowledge fcale of progression; and one particularly in heretofore unknown among us as a people. ' 'Knowledge is power," certainly, but if not teresting feature in this branch of industry, new to our Territory, is that the Messrs Haynes rightly applied may be a power for evil. To can manufacture a better article at less cost than understand how to direct in a proper channel can bo .. obtained JjyJmportation. . . the knowledge acquired, to keep in perfect con:' The Salt Lake Fire Brigado have chosen formity with the laws of God, and train ourselves so as to preserve a medium in all those the anniversary of Washington's birthday, for more potent influences; which predominate in a grand dress ball, to be given at the Salt Lake the world, at the present time, is the one point Theatre. That the occasion will be a most most desirable, at this time, among our youth entertaining one, cannot be doubted,; so well If they can not be aroused to the individual known and generally appreciated are the noble need of relying upon God and trusting to, tha efforts of our Firemen, whoso energies are so for. the public good. We guidance of His Holy Spirit,7 they are in danger liberally employed f following after their own devices and steep- acknowledge the favor of a complimentary inself-indvitation. ing themselves in ease, luxury and His Excellency, Governor Axtell, among gence. It is this work we are anxious to assist in. We the first ef his ollicial proceedings as governor are opening, comparatively, a primary class, of Utah, has shown good judgment and an but we shall move forward, and a broader field honorable purpose by straightway performing ot action will open for definite work, in this some of the duties uselessly omitted or will- tiraely undertaking. There is abundant room fulfy neglected by his late predecessor, Woods. Promineut among these official and occupation for all, and union will lighten the labor effectually; therefore we call upon all acts was thessu i ng'toJIpjiGejorgeJCani who are desirous to see our children better than the certificate of election as delegate to Contheir contemporaries, to lend a helping hand in gress from this Territory. - 4 ' ' ; : ' t - ' --v:i- -- . ; ul . 'or this extensive enterprise of rowing against the o look into first us let above And stream. all, HINTS ABOUT BEAUTY. see whether e are truly and our own hearts and sincerely, working for our" own emancipaThere is nothing moro unfavorable to feevil of thralldom passions male beauty than lato hours. Women who, sin, tion from the and remember, arid tendencies; either from necessity or choice, spend most of the day in bed, and the night at "Real frlory work or dissipation, have always a pale fadSprings from the conquest of ourselves, ' And without that, the couquoror n nought , ed complexion and weary But the first slave." r r as is almost hurtful much eves. Too sleep 1875. 13 sure to bloatj the person and too an Feb. 0, little, Salt Lake City, with a palid,' unwholesome far. Diet also, has a marked influence upon personal .want- beauty. Generous living is favorable to good looks, as it tends to fill' out and give If vou would be wise; study hard and trea color and sleekness to the skin. A gross and excessive indulgence, however, in eatsure up true wisdom; rich work hard and order and economy; resrecd be sure ing and drinking, is alal toTtho female that all your words and ways are respectable, charms, specially where there is a great and that vou treat others with respect; Honored tendency to "making flesh." Kcgularity of time in the daily repast and a scientific prove yourself honorable; beloved be lova not cnaruy 0 cooking, are the best means of securing ble; treated with kindness and only good health, but good looks. The apr r treat your follow creatures. should never bo wasted during the And so struirele, if your nature requires fctrug- - petite In intervals between meals on past cry, con . want, whatever for you trusting with, gling or any other tickler of the appe-fllwise Providence to direct anu if faitmui you fectionary tito. which crratiue the taste but doe not will never fall short of your expectations. support the system. ''Exercise just enough of it, and the right sort, or course, essential to female beauty. It .animates.. the -- .whole physical life, quickens the circulation of the develops the Will nur Agents and subscribers nlease take blood," hightens the color, limb growth and perfects the form of eachelasticnotice that on and 'after the first of January and the entire body. It also gives must be pre1875, the postage on newspapers . are mailed ity and grace to every movement where office the at they and paid, ' " dark-rimme- d, J -- rnow to get:what - cul-Hra- tfl . w i, 1 . . :'. 