WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 0: ' .f , . . J For the Exro5E2T. , . TIPSEY. PAPEBS. I will tellyou bow I prescrvo apricots,and whole. I cut the other fruits to keep them fruit and take the pits oat and put in a jar;, then make the syrup, and pour, it hot over the fruit, and put it away until the nfcxt day, when I drain off the Juice and boil it down to a syrup; cook it until- it is done when I take It up and put (it awayyis put about I lb. of sugar to 1 . lb. of apricots or. peaches. It will keep a Ion? tlmo (if not put on the table too often.) Another subject which i3 - appropriato to n tlmo rsf vnir. I tv'lfh rncnrfl in tho llttlo children. If we only-- knew what to do; for our littlo oucs,uiow often wo might save them from suffering, or deathUiJfQ find-ouchildren ailing, especially the smaller ones, wo should uso some simple remedy immediately. If I awake In the night and-finone of my children with a fever, I do: not wait till morfting, but get up immediately and do something for 4t. Jf very: hot I batho them in warm waterwithsome soda thrown in. A few drops of hemlock oil is good to produce perspiration and cool a fever. If inclined to vomit, perhaps there has been something eaten thatdid not agreojivith tho stomach, and Ihclp them to throw it off by; , I wish -- - to enter a protest in'the name 6f " l - - " w wuvr tlo ones against the reckless t IftyuAWU wTay in wTaich many needless persons express their love for children, such as lifting tuera up by their heads; tossing and catching them in the air, carrying infants on their hands without any support to their backs, arid otherviso endangering their limbs land senses f I :havo now in my mind:itho caso of a; man who was rendered for life througi- his father!s,carelessncss in lifting him y. tho ankles. W'hilo ho was a small child, be ftw father) having unfortunately lost his balance ; a,-cripp- lo - thatboswas lamor.ever afterward. I Pwo dit' fcrent persons havo fold mo that they knew, too late, thatby their thoughtless play with thtmV they had seriously injurcdlnfaats in-- ; trusted to their care,T one casoresullng in yet it is a sight daily to be seen, that of people doing these things. Do give tto little folks tender handling " - D. 13. U. m ... V HYGIENIC NOTES. i 4 A sister writing from Fairfield Uta Co. states that essence of wintcrgrcen is a prompiand 'effpet-uremedy fbr 'cliolera lnfantllra., 'r px. a small quantity of tho essence with a little Vtcr and su- ; gar and give to tiio patienf. ' The ! firt dose" will sometimes do, thb leconI hasncveKMiJa- her ' esperienco to make a; perfect cure. Pcrspiration.The unpleasant or produced by perspiration is frequently the sourciof vexation to 1 persons who are subject to it Nniog is simpler than ' to remove this odor much ztorc ' effectually than by the application of such coy unguents and perfumes as are in use, : :It is hly necessary to procure some of the compound splits of ammonia, put about two tablespoonfuls in j basin of water. Washing the face, hands and arriiwith this, leaves the skin as clean,, sweet and frsh as one could wish Tho wash i3 perfectly hrmlcss and clrf cheap. It is recommended or tie authority of an . de-ma- t nd al -- . - -- . :- - -- , m; .. fc 5 ' vr .''i derstood. Years ago, when the middle-age- d men of were boys, Horace Greely wrote : y is a great source of corisolatibn to us that when the public shall be tired of us as an editor, we can maKe a - satisfactory livli-hoo- d " .1! . v. ... , r to-da- " experienced physician. The followiog rules for haltl ara from a letter published in the Herald ofllalth fir August." First, secure the rcquisito aouit' of sleep by tak-- i . 'It ; atsotting type or farming; so that while our strength lasts, ten thousand blockheads, taking offenso at some article they s ' exe?rcise aflerupjEr, and freeing the mind from all anxious thought, i' Second, take full thrco hours exercise out-do- rs aUy, riding walking, talking, ia the open 'fir.' vli winter sabstitute rapid J walking, 1 horsebaq exercises, and -- the poorhouse.". ; become truly ind. And so may a man ' . " i ependentEx. . t Tnc Sale or . D aug 11 tees. or gymnastics with the widow, open.; Third, give special attention to vcnllation widut draft; .use Anott's open 'gtes--with''valve in tho ceiluig; ('us first provides constant fresh air and tho" lattej an cscapd for' foul air, Th e public marts for the sale of young ladies are now inull: operation.. It :is season : in-do- . , er d, women ' : advantages, the hand is unaccompanied by the heart ' .t;vV,-It is in vain to appeal to such women. Tim motherly instinct appears to be eradi-- ! catc from their nature.; And yet they aro engaged in an under taking but littlo elevated above tho. slavo mart. .Thoy aro barter- tho wholo futuro of tho lives of . their own children. For. theso forced mar-- . riages, springing, not from love in; the heart, but from base business calculations, aro suro to end in raiscryvN. Y. Ledger, :'-v- mor-.talil- r 1 " iug-aw- ay I ; : Aug. 14, 7o. - '- -.f ' i reject aj tea," coffee, malt liuors. and stimulants, use Kttl" meat, eat slowly, y Fifth, bathe all over in cold rater summer and winter, and in winter a brisk wak after the bath produces head with cjld water the; best :j n; "night and incruin. Sfth, for work4Aom eight to twelve hours if brairViWork., Scvcnh, cultivate Fourth,r- - "diet; tho height of the ambitious, scheming ' repair'with theiF'inarriageable daughters, in pursuit of what aro deemed "eligible" matches that is to say, matches In which, Jor the sake of social or pecuniary . worldly-minde- -- -- at fashionable watering places. Hi th-- nut-do- or ;g do not understand, could not drive us Into - ; 1 CARELESS HANDLING OF CHILDREN. ' w 4 ; " t, - his time. JutfgQ IIale,f t , , , V i. , . IjAzisis grows on people;' it begin in cobwobs, and cuds in iron chains, Tho moro busiucss a man has to do, the more ho is alio to cccouiplish; for" ho learns to ecqno-mlz-o t 5 giving them a little salt and wateror somo gentle emetic 1 think I havo saved; my children many times from sickness in that way, and by not sleeping until morning, leaving four or five hours fort the disease Xo get a hold upon the system. - f ? r r .! ? I suppose some will think it is unnecessary to writo these i things, as ;they know them already, bu, many do not know them, especially young mothers. They are too apt to rely on a doctor; they; wait until tho littlo one is really very ill and then send for tho doctor, it is many times.too late and wo are called upon to mourn over tho lo3t one, before wo hardly realized their danger. ; Mothers, now j is tho - time to i watch over your children.; Fruit is ripening, and , - book-wor- k, d ? - r job-wor- k, r tho mother heated and weary with exercise, ana inmong oi an mero is ao ao, , xorgets baby if ho is good and allows himself; to bo , ; ; imposed upon. wo know baby is sick, and then tho First fruit of our hard labor goes for medicines ci doctors, or, perhaps to lay baby away, and our hearts acho and grievo for him, and tho only comfort wo have is, that wo have dono tho best wo tnew how. Perhaps so, but i t is our duty to learn all wo can in regard to theso things, and lessen if possible the y r among our littlo ouci. . -l ; . crowded Jfor means and think they must save all they can. But, don't neglect tho littleones; don't let; them go . cold or Wet, or cat fruit of all sorts to sour their stom- aens or derange tneir systems.5 JSomo may think itstrarigo that I say cold this .season of tho year, but if you do just dress your selves as children arc often dressed, and lio around on tho floor of a : cool pleasant room or in tho shado of a tree, and you will soon seo how cold you will bo especially; if your blood is thin.and you cannot tako activc ex- ereiso. ! A: child sitting' 13; moro exposed as ; well as moro suscepti-- . to A TRADE. t LEARN , never look at my old steel composing rule that I do not bless myself that, while my strength lasts, I am not at the mercy of : tho world.' If my pen is not wanted, rl can and be suro to tiad go back to the type-cas- e work; for I learned the printers : trade . newspaper-work- ,thoroughly I. am ghd I, and press-work-, have got a f good trade. It is aiock upon! which the possessor can stand firmly- - There ' is health and vigor of both body and mind , in an honest tradeJ : It is tho strongest arid man. Go'from surest jart of theelf-mad-e tho academy to the printing otfice, or the ar-- .. tisane bench, or, if you please, to the form' for, to be sure, truo farming is a tfade, and a grand oneat that;iLay thus a sure -foundation, and after that branch off into : whatever profession ypu please. You have heard, perbaps,of the clerk who had faithfully served Stephen, Girard from, boyhood to manhood. . On the twenty-firsanniversary of his birthday ho werit to his: master and told him his timb 'was up and ho certainly expected important promotion in. tho merchant's service. But Stephen Gi-- '. rard said to him Very well, now go and' . . learn a trade." . . 1 What trade, sir?" . ; "Good barrels and butts musi bo in whiie you live. Go and learn tho cooper's trade land when you havo made : a V; perfect barrel bring it to me;!f i , The young man went away ; and learned, the trade, and in time brought to his old master a splendid barrel of his own make. ..' Girard examined It, and gave the r maker, two thousand dollars for it, and then said to r: . r . him: "iioWjSir, I want, you in, my countirig-roobut henceforth; you will not; le de pendent iipon the whim of Stephen Girard. ' Let what will come, you have a good trade always in reserve." : Tho 'young man saw the isdom and un- -- . t ; : rc-ac- w.-tth- e . a traiiquncontcutcdanJchccrful ; ; minatall liuies. " Tiiu production ofjPoultry ;n the United .States is about 250,0)0,000, tie product of eggs yielding ; likoainountof money. Ax old geutljinanof thi name of Gould, having married a very ycing wif, wroto a poetical epistle ''to a fricul to inform him of . J " ." " : i t, and conclud ed thus ' . i j "So you pee, iar dear glr, tbagh I'm eighlr years cIJ, la lovft miti old OouiJ. A fflrt of eighteen - 1 - To Which his friend spiled A girl of . U ttwa tajr love Geuia it u true: ; is old 1tt?c V." ' i. But betic: 3t arir, It 3 