WOMAN'S 142 For the Expoxext. , ASPIRATION, , From membry's'tear blotted leaf Fade every droam'i the bright the dear; Fade memory jof every grief, And every hop that a tear. - ct catro,tOTnight, yo'J My fallen Idolsj without pain; . - . is so glad xtn1 brlj?ht Ye cannot shads my l.eart again. O Niirhtl with closed str-eye- 3 weep on, ' These gladsome lights shine warmly down, Truth whispered, hero thy rest 13 won; rWhat care I for your chill and frown? My baby.Emiled up in my face, A fair child sings beside my knee, The moon seems lit with heavenly gr&ci, ' These are thy gifts, 0 Life! to me. Deep !n the dream world of my youth, rrz'.. ...With purpose true, for many a year; From out thq treasuries of truth, - . Feebly I strove alono, to rear Some Etracturo fair of usefulness, :'.. . . To prove my spirits work within , ' ' ' ' ' 3fy Songs sank mto $UentneK7 3fy pictures faded 'ncath my pen. As blossoms from the cool woods brought, Droop In the heart-flushe- d palms that hold; My poor expression marred the thought Iu mystic music to me told. 0 Power! that woke and stirred my mind, ; To work beyond my feeble skill, 1 knowf that yet these hands will wi nd These tangled skeins into their will. 1'ct shall I speak in utterance clear, The new things whispered to my heart; Forgetful, In that time of fear, , When I ia Thy work bear my part? hearts and misunderstood! lone, 0, for us, He knows us best; Enough Falter not in tho purpose good, And when at last from earth we rest; Thcso lights that dimly burned, will shine With their true splendor. And the eyes Familiar, that had not divined Thy proper 6clf, will recognize. And each one, la his place, and name, Shrinking no more In thrall; Stand understood and unashamed, In soul-whi- te beauty before all. - - . - -- -- " . , -- ht AUQUSTA JOICE CitOCIIElOX. - Salt LakoCityj Nov23th,lST4. V - ixJJtlullJlAj lMr.hung; i My present earth-wroug- Dio LewisVKeccipt for a Bed. Of the eight bathed.; Tho fjat'jT, shallows ,up much poi-- ; fn.it--wilpounds which a man eats and drinks in a day1 it is; sobQUStier,: be advantageous" ever eat, ;drink thought that no less than five pounds leave his body , a skin.-these Andfive' of or sleep n the Isick room j or, go into ii if ho t pounds through the the considerable percentage escapes during night needed: or go 'in when; tired, and exhaus-teo- r " while h.e is in bed; The larger part of this is wa . , ,. tcr, but in addition there is much effete and poison ScynpirHEADWili you be kind enough ous matter This, being in great part gaseous in to inform mo what i3 good for scurf the form, permeates every part of the bed! Thus all ,' '. i; d I .. V head ? zi :i , h blankets, as well as parts of the sheets-t-so- on f AKslIIave your head thoroughly cleaued' : foul, V and need I purifications The mattress needs this renovation quite as .much every zhtwjjiii as the sheets. To allow the sheets to be used with- the light and air can get in anil tho scurf lis no wonder that ' so many out washing or changiag three .or six months would get be regarded as bad housekeeping, but, JJnsist, tif a complain of scurfy heads - thin sheet 7ean absorb, enough of these poisonous To Warm cold Feet. What would you excretions of the body to make It unfit for juse in a propose to keep tho feet warm, when one . few days, a Click: juaitgr limbs "well retain a thousand times as much' of the 'poisonous has always1 'kept" their lower ' clothed' and still suffers from cold feet ? excretions, n6eds to be"punfier as often certainly: Ans. The feet remedies arohot" footbaths ' as once in three months. A sheet can bo washed. ; - i I lookback on E X P ONEN T. - - . " . su-a- . : . ; outfit . , of tho leet, and caro to deed, there is no other way of cleaning a mattress have the bipod supplied w'ith good food. ainlghexerjcise, but by steaming it Or picking it to pieces, and thus in fragments exposing it to the direct rays of the sun. '. As these processes are scarcely practicable with any of the ordinary mattresses, am decided ly of the opmion that the good, old fashioned straw bed, which can every: throe months be exchanged for fresh straw and the tick . washed, is tho sweet est and healthiest of beds. If, in the winter sea son, the porousness of the straw bed makes it a little uncomfortable, spread over it a comforter or two woolen blankets, which should be washed as often as every two weeks. With this arrangement as often as once in if you wash all the one or two weeks, you will have a delightful. healthy bed. Now, if you leave" the bed to .air wun open wmaows aurmg pie.aay, ana not mate it up ior ine mgnc Deiore evenmg, you will nave added greatly to the sweetness of your rest and in consequence to the tone of your health. I heartily wish this good change could be everywhere intro duced. Only those who have thus attended to this important matter can judge of its influence on the general health and spirits. ! c bed-coveri- ; ng How to Fry Chicken. Tlio best fried chickens FliOM THE HERALD OF HEAIflL aro thus prepared: Tho chickens are killed, scalded, picked and washed out cleanly in water, then quarHow to Avoid Colds.1s thero any tered and thrown into boiling butter. In a few method of by which one can avoid minutes they are done brown, and are then to bo colds and livingin winter and coughs spring? 'removed and served up hot and dry, not put into Oh yes. These ailments; may, he Ans. grease again. In this way tho foul is "tender as a voided by proper care. The follow .chicken," and is a great delicacy. If you don't largely ing hints will perhaps serve you. Never believe it,' try it, and if you do belive it. try it. ' wear wet clothes after active ex- rd I . - HYGIENIC NOTES. h; ' ' : weekdjjgeaouHnir; 11.121?) Crusted Apple Pudding.-Par- c, coro and stew slightly, two quarts of tart, mellow apples, and place them in a pudding-disthen, to one and a half pints of wheatmeal, add one gill of currants, land boiling water enough to make a dough, stirring lightly until mixed; roll it out one-thiof an inch thick, and spread 'over the apples. Bake it in a quick oven forty or fifty minutes, take out, reverse on a hot plate, mash the apples with a spoon, and swecteu, if desired; cut in pieces like a pi;, and serve warm, with some fruit sauce. .. The Housewife's Talb.-T- he Mowing is a very valuable housewife' f table, by means of which, persons not having scales and weights at hand may readily measure the. article .wanted" to fooa any recipe without tho trouble cf weighing, allowance to be mado for an extraordinary dryness oYmois-tur- e of the article weighed or measured; V. Wheat flour, one pound is one quart. Indian meal, 1 ound, 2 gunccs are one quart. IJuttcr, when sol 1 puund i. Iq-mt- , .... loaf sugar, broken 1 pound is 1 quart. White sugar, powdered, 1 pound 1 ounce are 1 v quart. , r, Best brown l pound U ounces are 1 'quart. Ten eggs arc 1 ound. - ' ?; ' sses, r . . - ; ' bed--mattre- ; I'V . muscular, ertion ha3 ceased, but change them at once; always meet the loss of body heat by warm fluids and dry clothes; avoid long sustained loss of heat which is not counteracted by increased production: of Jieat; .increase tho tonicity of the vessels of the skin jby cbld baths, so educating them to "contract readily on exposure; avoid too warm and: debilitating rooms and temperatures; take especial care against too great los3 of heat when tho skin is glowing, and to prevent thd inspiration "of cold air by thd "mouth by some proWo can tecting agent, as a respirator. understand a how readily respirator should be an effective protection against winter bronchitis in those so disposed. PRECAUTION AGAINST INFECTION- - When one watches with tho sick who have such diseases as are likely to bo spread, what precautions aro to be taken to prevent the from one person to spread of tho disease " , ; ICoxjOLiG IniLriREN.--Tl- s it wise to cod die, or tenderly rear our children? . Ans. Yes, iLyou want .to develop hothouse men. and women from them; otherwise, no.yyrQ coddle means to keep in:dobrs in altTbufine weather, to dress too warmly In mild Weather, to., feed on nicknacks, and , keep thejiireath of;hcaVcnfrom.. touching. exotic .child isf never safe from child accustheslightest changes,.whercasa ' tomed tb cold, rarely takes cold. 77 ; . 7 .Thread AVoRirs. Please tell me what will cure thread worms, which are so prevar lent among children.-Feed them oil clean, plain, whole; Akssome food; plenty of brown bread and milk, and fruit. ou These r;worms do riot thrive on :!L:Jl fruit. - A1 hot-hou- se . -- : :" ! ; ; 7rX"' "jirAR stands and .tables . healthy for invalids who work or write near them? Axi. rNo. They are cold, and rapidly absorb tho -- heat andTVritaiityoftho bodyp robbing it of its life.' We have heard of one invalid whom the doctor could not cure, till one day he noticed sho used a marble stand, arid suspected it had something to do with her ill health. Ko ho forbade her touching it.' oon sh 7was cured. ; Wo;'' know healthy people whb feel', tho twinges ( shoulder by rsittingi iiear one. of pain but They are elegant articles of furniture: ' ( ' i unhealthy lor all that. - In-a- ' CiTVr vs. Country, CniEDiiEN. Why are: city children more precocious than7 country children? 1 7-;.- ; -- ' n. -- i .' . ANslJecauso there is more in a city ; to call Unto exercise the brain, and less to develop the body. Tho rustic youth look3 and acts dull by the side of the city boy ; but at middle ago lib is generally the better man, for tho city youth expends his nerve force, whiio.tho country youth stores his up for future' use. The precocity: of the city youth should be retarded. - Keep them away from " balls, parties, theatres, evening, amusements. Send them to the country often.; ; Givo them . a year, on a farm now and then, or teach . V .. them a trade. en. I f ch i Id ren are JIarden ing Cn i hardened, are not all the feeble ones killed? Ans. They should' hot nil' bo hardened alike, but brougnt up as near as possible to their needs., lict the feeble ones bo gently r another?"7"" but gradually hardened, not suddenly ex ANa. 1. Jla mrnfill in hrtvA 4hn nlr . .v- - iht nf v,U4W posed to what may kill them. The haiden- . .. ..w , : 1. n i ana pure , irenuenuy enanged, process, if properly applied, will injure See that all tho secretions are disinfected ing none, but, on the contrary, may- be made 3, Ilavo tho Patient properly useful to 'tho most feeble; j properly. '- . , - . : LT-i-R " r 7 MCK-rwi- r - i. - 