WOMAN'S EXPONENT. are traveling through the country holding T iMCTS 135 AND FIGURES. hlbited his patent swimming apparatus on afternoon, Oct 26th, iu Queens-tow- n ning, and Brighanv gave us an excellent There are 12,000 .periodicals .taken, at Monday Harbor. He swam' a mile with the discourse. of an J'Ji greatest ease j and was The Lord is good, and His blessing's are iue xjriuisflusenniy T'j water. It is stated ho '.intends with us, and we rejoice that welareiamong I TjierX are over one hundred logging hour in theacross St. George's Channer beswimming those who have been called, and if we can w. I direct our lives so - that we may bo among rTheL property of the late Congressman fore returning to this country; Hi".' those ;Whp are chosen we shall be thrice Crocker is estimated at $ 1,00Q,000. V v..j : v. c hi ' , blest. Twelve States have adopted compulsory For th present fo education laws, New vYork boing theT last to : Avoid extremes and 1 you ward off 111 S. K. G. ' ir IUCJC; ; ..r;.;.' '.; ;,S 1875. : Nearly two" thousand hogs have- been j It is better to do and not promnoitltan to shipped from AYest; Bend, Wis.sInco' the promise and not doa":t--j".:- .i season . r. Avail Dear Sister: Allow me one moment of opening of'Wthe-- packing yourself of all your knowlodge ! i Tli ?vTi-- -; ' Valuable Wish time while I you all the IdThpr are 12 V students in the Stato Agri. without making "a display of it. The marr your so deserve ;Jiappiness you through the cultural , Cpllegov at Qrono Maine, five j ol chinery works best- - when hidden from ricljly now ana so ixew xear, young mooming witn woomare ypung .women. , r .;.:f the 'many, blessings of kind Heaven. How ;Baiina that she.has heard a I .iT Is tho rnotto 'ortevefy truo hearf, , and i many there' are whJA seW ribf Messing in the rLouisyiLLE -- this season than tho geriius of every noble life, that f fho man COid blasts of winter's frost and wind, or In greater number any other c!tyiid:the XJnIon;NowiYdrk not liveth to himself chiefly for his own i Tslcknessrrow -v su "v.: selfish - good;:) A v to look for the "silvery lining excepted. x Vw' have the r 37 f tr J ht the dark clbuds.iBut I with the "StockSo numeroua are the additions to ;' the Is a law of our Intellectual , and 'mora It ton Leader," do belie ve that if we only read library of Harvard College that new shel ves being that we promoto Our own' happiness , are in course in the exact proportions that wo - contribute theJW"6man's Exponent and try to Uye up to accommoaate 2.000. volumes ' ' V X to the moral and Intellectual teachings there of; construction. :l, r to the comfort fend Enjoyment of others! given; we shall learn to be all that our most Gerrit Smith left an estate worth be r ?irdent-desire- s Nothing worthy' of the name of happi- - v 1 'can anticipate. And. with tween: $700,009 and; $800,000, consisting ncss is oossible in the' eider iencov of thoso such earthly blessings, we need have no principallyjipf c r, property in OswegoCity; whallve ohiy for therdselves, and oblivious fears for the "(rthW shore.1' : ; j ; which will probably be divided between his of the welfard'of thelrfeliows.' '"V t .: :.:Please continue :to send :Exponent to my two . 1 children. , , lessons of life are or the most part little namesake in Beaver City." She writes The Is The membership of Plymouth Church me that she learns to read many good and learned; ' The r page? is often carelessly slowly beautiful pieces in her paper, and hopes to made' rip of ; 1,504' females .and; 886, males,! lulUcU UUU uuiiicuij.i'tvajcu u J t uu hhvu with the propor odr ;Qreat FathW ha; yrUteri much 7that' Ho be as good as they teach her to be. T' which is not at variance most In: sexes tions of the religious .bodies.' We are lonely since our dear old mother went "home" to rest. The last reading she . ; Oliver JpkiOwning, "aell-knowBoston .worthy of life Yes, live for something heard was from the Exponent, which she architect His jtist died'; ori , the ' da((ofsthe and its capabilities and 'opportunities;, for appreciated very much. Pardon the lengthy funeral of Jhis wife. ho being 90 years bid noble deeds and aqhievnie Ats. ; Every man form this letter has assumed; I tnougntto arid she 87,' they having lived together 67 arid every woman has his o'her asslgnn'dnt aetaiii you but a moment yet I cannot close years. -l':( i'l'1. fn the duties and cs'pptjalbilltlbs, of 'dally :i''fv,l without mentioning: the death of another one drthegood old mothers. "Old Mother s Tiie-- ew Zealand Government has sent life. ' Pine" often enjoyed reading your paper, special agents over to Engiandjfpr; the pur- . The moroA people do; the moro ;4they can a qritity of W do. He that does notlilng renders 'himself rspoke oryou In terms of sisterly regard and pose of collecting'arid,' ii ii m a of h colony wished me to remember her kind love to of various, ind8, anything.; While we 2 IncapableVor.ddlng .forrintrbducttobinto that countryvou. It was TTerseTf arid husband arejexequti rig one' work," wb ' are" preparing a to undertake another. brough t the grandmother of the Prophet Jo-senh from" the East to Kirtland. Ohio. She package of jewelry valued at i$250,000 :at a 'See that each hour's' feelings and thoughts ; England recently. died full of faitn, and had entire confidence in station railway They arid "actions areure arid ;;truo; then will ; ;" inthe work of tho rd. ';' have offered a reward of ,$5,000 floruits re- uiw your mo per sucn. iau (wpo, ' oiuiva ' K' i May prosperity sniile on your noble "efforts, covery. sheeted the v. " k but separate 'spears of gwssi I'". Js the prayer, of your sister, an is Kalakaua ..in bloom of the prairies but single' flowers. , lias, it ..said,; King Q.KELTINa :.r, ,.;,..;;-Vj come of $22,500 per, annumw This, is deto make, the world 5 cents on j every $ 1 00 r We are in the world tax a of from rived 1875. American Fork, Jan. 20th, f worth of property $llon: every-horse.leyelsrof en and betier; to.ltft It'.pplto higher and progress;, to make Its hearts Dfar Sister Bichards: :. $5 on.every carnage owned and run in his, joyment ,"bV.' devot- i Enclosed, find meney for postage t on ' and tioriies brienter and happier . : ' . dominions.: best thoughts, activi;The sisters who take tho paper irig to our fellows bur L" ' ' ofX.'J:''t rnE original discovery Sharon's great ties; and Influence. highly. for the good counhere,jrize it very ', sel it contains. Hoping your health and rcliie was made, in 159,' when the region Is an excellent, wearing that of your family Is good, and wishing was known as Washoe.' Since Hheri nearly Cheerfulness quality.; It , has. been .called ; tho' "bright you continued success and Increasing! pros- - tvo hundred millions' worth of silver' and weatherof theVheartIt-give- s harmony l drawri from lode; beeh the has am 1 in ine gold sisier your utwpci, without perity, a song is toithe souland perpetual . 120,000 .words! It is tantamount to repose. It enaParis It is.... estimated, contains .!.. Women who are aepenaens ' upon .if ineir bles nature to recruit its strength; , whereas v pay worry arid discontent : debilitate It. inVOly-in- g busy ploughing 'and cannot enter; needle for support The highest rato ofaver. 70 cents per dayiL while; the constant wear and tear. I tain companyinowf Js tHo ; substance bra is about1 when 13 not over fully employed, .... note recently written by a Macoupin U)., ny, age pay Some one writes T . Adorn fYouR. Homes. : : v :i hours work;.- girl, to a St Louis; exquisite .who had met 24ents for 12 and forcibly: "t , would be gracefully poth, i her. at a fashionable party at the latter city Since thbieginnlng of thbfamino 'in5 Asia glad to see, more" parents understand that The gloand wished to visit her, at homq. ; Minor 50,000. persons have': migrated from when they spend'; money J udlciously,, to Illinois an of rious maiden is a graduate various parts of the country to the City of and adorn trio house and the: grounds an her eighty Adana. Half of them havoainco succumbed around gave in. effect paying .thqir j seminary, and her father it, they afo, to aero farm on condition that she should' work to diseasa, V; Tho strange climato land children a premium stay at home aa much it herself, which she does. rapaclousness of tho a pos3iblQ and "enjoy It; but .when they Jncreaso and distress tend to aggravato the' unnecessarially in ffno .clothmoney spend ' " L and jewelry' for their children, they are, As- tho mortality.' ing Christian n Men" You ' g Fort iit them a premium to spend their tlmo Captain Boy n ton , of New Jersey, hasa payingfrom sociations own buildings to th3 value of two home-ft-hat is, in' thoso places away - million dollars. There are nine hundred Invented an apparatus, which enables attention whero they can attract the most Associa-ionsj- n swimmer to remain hburs and even days in ' nd forty Young" Hbn's Christian '. j cx- - arid make the most display..' ' Ho with water; the security,, .: roughest this country. ' three-quarte- rs . r - X : 1 . , . s , ' . . - ? i iUj -- -- -u " 1 . 1 : ; s ( of-oper- wft -- t- . ;. 4 . , ? t ; . ! n' . 'fl '- - . i ble-He- J ' iATte-Earran4lCbuntess- .f 1 ' . ; . , ; ; v-- , , . . - . . , -- Ex-pon- nt. . i , - ?' : 1 . - '' 3 - : r jlm-pro- yo ex-trc- me f tax-gathere- rs Y-E- IG . ; '. ; 'i 