av o m 38 ' a-jS- exponent: s T people think that of us wo don't care what wedo.'' "Wo ought to be careful what "wo say about people,for there Is nothing wounds h "sepsitiye heart as; much as blander and ' ": : .:i 'T ": : sneers.-'"--' lv", thing but working put that ' great problem, Retrenchment Society, to reform in this rci by speck' If we were willing tq be checked each1 other whenever wo' began : to ' talk about a person, if it is not something good, we would be more carefub about at. If we cannot say any good of a person,let us not say Any thing about theml We may think we will have to stop talking altogether,ibutn in KOTEa AND ,NETO?r , i1 , . .V: "Llttio'Kanabl-- " 31. : 7; ' 7It would boa; good' 'idea forus " SroKY, the 'sculptor,' . Thero is nothing so sacred to a girlns her character, and consider how easy ;it is to ruin it a Even, if a J person has t Msthmbled tou; :oIock 'in the path, wehavealin weakness trod,!' : would it be right td cast her off entirely? You know the Savior said, wo must forgive a person, seventy times seventy; even Jin ,a day; if; they were penitent and asked Let us extend the hand of charto ity others, and then if, wo err, (which. We j are all liable to do,) others will show char- ix.d ityi towards us. im m i cdin '"iflames?fAl I - For tho'ExpoxksrfS ....To be or hot' io ho is not , the question, for we;are. iJut Jo . , and not know the wherefore ofsthat being. To Jthink there must, be a future, yet scarce can; catch a glimpse of what that' mighty future will bo I 4 . ; Jr I :l. t theoc-casibn- of hrounlon of the classof 7whlch was commemorated July G th;. Is : 1 - c rand higher"! n the scale of intclligence,un- til we reach our Father's' presence. Shall wo then say wo have no aim in life, let us ' eai, unnK ana mate - merry for ' wodio? Or shall wo riso tho strength of our manhood,and workupin out for ourselves a destiny that shall bo worthy tho approbation of Him who called us into existence. Let onward bo our motto, and let no day pass but we can look back to with pleasure and ; feel that wo havo done some good. Somo may say, what can I do? I have no money to give to the poor, no time to visit tho sitfc it is work, "ork, nothing but work. ; ' i ' I There is something even for 'them to do. There Is .tho kind word' of comfort to the , husband, or wife; the smilb of approval to! 1 : - ; , - tlbifbclrigj- miule.by.iron; X; Vi ; Ofusihes thrQiighout the country;' ''There is also a growing system of smuggling: that offers rea difficulties-t- o 'the; collection: of ! custqmt lpno ; of the easiest ahd m6st 'means of smuggling is hy mail, Val- u'ablo laces are ' thus - smuggled with impunity. TherO;wUI bo in the next Congress a xus- Jproposal to make postmasters tdm officers1, authorizing them to open suspicious letters and packages, but this propo- isitioh, if carried, would give such 'opportunity to tamper: with the mail as to be unlikely to bo received; with favOr. . , . ; 5 ex-offic- hio-- ! ! -- - , The following paragraph M from ; the N. 7V; un, in, an article entitled .XVoman's vIdols.??r ,fThey do not worship their idols - for what they rare in themselves, but for , what they represent The clergyman stands f. ;,in thei pulpit precisely as the actor does on 'n ; 6taSC j?ertjng.;'au;'jdeal''' character . and Surrounded by accessories whfch heighten the effect of his performance. , 7ttis not u' surprising; that' the;t unsatisfied yearnings of his flock should H upon him as the support have soaght in vain f :nd 1staiy7wh.icli;theyj " nibro 'thari that the hand elsewhere, any ; decorated not actor, ?me only with' "the trapinngs of the; outer man,1 but' shining "with tIie::witand- a(jcompIishments which the play might lend .him for the moment, of the rwould seem the w6maioihb"'wbld.', Both profit, lu a large degree by a" f&cV whfch 'every man profits by more, orf iess, and whoever is jealous of their successshould take a lesson-frothis example. .Lovers and husbands need only to bo what clergyman and actor seem, in order to win the same admiration. .and enjoy the same devoted attachment" inese thoughts are.from a man's standpoint, and I su ppost, as we have not tho gift which Burns. craved, "to see ourselves ' as others see tisM,(and perhaps he is as truth- v. ii may uo UCSiraOIO U rt" ""; jbviicaiiij'; be well posted in regard to the oninfon of ; not yhc other sex; and if we are not, it will 1 aIahmaII Alf AA ,,u,, ,UI aiu tuuriiauy uiscuss- in their irig'us. newspapers, ionrnali. rar L I chairs,-chit-chats- , 1L sible e itc. ' It would self-relian- t, uuirazino "ior r J:! u, , August. The friends of JBowdoi h1 Coil e ire." are at present seeking, to raise $10,000 to establish a Longfellow's Pro In honor of America's great poet.fcssarshlp, , - " jr ) suit all sorts of philosophers, so let ueierminea to act for oursp!vrj. o. etrongminded, earnest, honest and natural, and true to our best and hfrh- -' "est intuitions;? those aroJ what wo want, these are what we are aiming for, and wo oniy uesire irom them, opportunity, liberty iO u; oo ? v. io , T)f; CheevcrV ion f ettilmblished-iuthe'Xewr'YoWII- se-tni- re 1 m An'pnitidn by tho'Ilew ; .Sclcnco andltcllgion wa thendellvered'; a vote of thanks' by the AiumnfwW idsb ren- r uticu luu .a m? uuu4 juk.cii oi'nero,-iia- s ; 5 -- i "Bradbury. state long-waitedibr-h- ero ''read-- ; "Vote of thanks also rendered hi mj tho : ex- - - feeling in theTheartsof. the participators. There were prcsciiVelcven of the class of "fifty years ago," oncf tutor, Professor Pack-carwho was engaged there at that time. Some of this d iss had'never met ,?ihco! and were unablorfd recognize, each "other without an introduction. ; The ceremonies - consisted bfjprayer by S.' C. Abbot, one :or y'iiigof 3rr.: Tjngfellowiwem'fcy The cause of this is . : for God and humanity..- - The, v occasion "was the profoundesV depths of then foilowjbd-ihe- eceipts,have 1 ono to call forth th6!Tinenioriat class, : : tho child, thocheery 'good morrow to tho; v neighbor, and tho thousand ;and ,bno ways .In which the poor can do as much good,:andi ealizo as much happiness as tho rich. :, f Timo well employed is tho poor man's wealth? and how much of that wealth is squandered In idle talk, and foolish jest, in backbiting neighbors, and in doing any nd d, 5 , pa-thctica- -- to-morr- ow f 1825, 1975, certainly one of'tho most touching, expressive "pieces overpenned mortal.? by It is'thq idea of ah? inspiration of pure and noble thoughts, characteristic . of; the: personality j of one .whose; mind ,is capable of thei highest j and. holiest, aspira-- I tions manhood -- can; comprehend, .and, one l whose lieart is genuine in ;truq. reverence ' To become like those that sent us forth to work out for ourselves a destiny. To go hi gh- -' TIie new and beautiful poem of. Long-- j fellow's written as a 'tribute of ' respect to Bowdoin'CoHdgCjBrunswick; srol-b- 1 t ,;what? ? Chicago -- -- ; A.WA8HJNgto 4 Ibeautiful and;flpurisM d reds b f ; ' ind us'trioas peopl e, re ;jutliun uceltd wdntand beggary.1 !i 7li' :l H7 How, many of us aro, thqro that realize :who yro. are, from: whenborwoJcame-Tari't ;;; . what is, our mission hero? , ) 7 AVe come into this world, wo grotto ma- .; to old age and make thendeclino turity, . our exit from Uus stage '.of life; .'and to all I appearance,? wo arp as i t wo had, not been, , But isit so.fKo; wo are tho children of a ' uprepaeBeing, fashioned, after His own : image, jmraortal souls, full of life and light. Wo come as spirits from the eternal worlds tho dwelling, place' of ,tho: Gods. T6V do ' : ... . . ; valrjv jBythis terrible accident,1 not ony is; a , ! ...'.'.dispatch to the 'jCutOw'luirthe; ground of the dull The 7 destroyed byachargof Tearful and ; ng plaihedpartiaU 1 pleasuro.farinsV vineyartis, gardens; etc., 7have rnuch the Jappearahcerpf haying' been ! ' - ;dtTof:$7,d)0,00a midnightrthev ?itilewerp'actually beateato powdeK' i . at 7,wera $188,500,000. VlThe , following , year Jhey fell off $25,000,000, and tho . total about1 : " women who are ritupe,.says.;tiattthej custom) ; u6 t:luH- 1 - steadily, ncreased during tho past two years. Tho year ending June 20, 1873 the receipts tetiknnl"eightIt the-stor- m i OUK MISSION. j storm raged wi th sucli fury that in vten minutes ?the city as wrecked f came "in ids the form of compact; mass .of ice, drivbn 'furiously bforoUIteri blast tof xt he tempest. In a moineat lit: extinguished? alii the gas lights in the .streets; Isave hero and; i there , one: protected by some: roof ! or ! projection ; bu t the ci ty vas more brigh tly illuminated r with the lightning, giving it an unearthly appearance. In the suburbs of the city,hou$es iiu rnany places, wejre pierced by j holes such ' " : statement of the United official life-savi- Capo Cod. - intensify,1 untirtlieHvholea for-givenes-s. , t '.".,-j"7..- rainf slowly1 -- jo -- on tjjulby bna t since -- November stations, ' 1ho number of wrecks, to have been, 9,r. number of lives imperiled; 852; number of lives saved,! 817; lives lost 15; numberi of ishipwrecked . persons sheltered and succored at the stationsiil79;; total value, of property imperiled, $2,374,400; value pf; property saved, $1,618,635; amount lost, $775,765; of, the lives lost 14 were by the wreck of the Italian, bark Giovanni, off " lias completed' tho d )ive storms; thaV haVe i 1 GEXEV-ij'Iu'Sivitzerland-wasivisite- fifty-seve- n 1,-sho- r liie 7th tm States ht - . . - The ; f - I? m- There are - States. ; T Smithfleld,: July 51st 1875. . ' i present editing newspapers :in the. United ' iocrty. which, is7to;bo crectedj in Philadelphia. , t he statue representing the goddess in repose, her- taidr7 ard unfurled in her grasp, and resting, ujMin Wilr bq twenty feet in 'jiclght, hershieldj -- and. surrounded female with forty-eigfigures representing all the States and Ter- ruoricsi. . ;.7'.', interesting and far more! instructive-- We cannot truthfuliy deny that the most of our tionversation is of thi3 nature nowadays, tit is 'a sinwhich wo must overcome, or suffer the n ' colossal statuo of . ' ' ; ihe "of -- eonscquence.7nTTrT--f- : E TtXLEDGii V FACTS "AND FIGURES, and cncouKigcnient. . 