rr rl O t i. A I H WOM AN'S EXPONENT. iIf the 'Society; cdnttok Neither ' 165 -for love or hewas Eosslb money,",: obtain; Aground; for, the purpose;: it; the two circumstances Have ho real connection j as other incidents of McKean's unwise course arouhd their honfo Ilots,' where they wlll'serv ?f procedure was rerwrted:at'.Washlngton prei the double purposelof shade' trees tai&f vious to his removal, by Uwyer Geo.ril "Whiti Hltefin wM wpom no naa naa hara woras.r ;,v.. one Vf oui ' Ifcutherp feetlementbo1 his But iWhiay,r:fJtluo- of rhis- - removaL it "utru"f irvm uerjrnrn, raiseas;iijty several brought the, eamo satisfactory .result. And in hb(w.rjticiw ft b&utiul nelJ k, luvw wuwjsetjjs. lor uuuersranaiog. an oiv loiu lesson is repealed. himse)f-itmoved:- r ly, which have drawTrfulJ houses and been . i lmuLearIof flt mmL';!iut :;;iri;Ogafteyimieiinder neatly ample I thiWcsi GOOD VERSUS EVIL. worfhyifiml&IoniVtiiolin hraid; and are; now S itaughtjnlhe mi that which"tends jfr slow in its gfowthf 6dnehssarily tur ii, ana toil ptherj -- of grading1 Is progressing on South Temple Street, reast ot the State Road. The position of Penitentiary ?wanlen in this city has been accepted .by LIr.: John Hunt, Mr. A. G. Paddock haying sometime since resigned. aro AMOxa, the deaths' iell lead withthose of Sister out a 'moment's warning, In this city on the 24 th ult : and the . father Kay of Kaysville, who quietly, departed on tne morn ing of the 25th. 'Both Wero in good standing In the .Church -- of. Jesus Christ; s pf. fatter-daSaints, of which they, were old members. Mil. J. H.i Reality ia)iM CJalnted to the efllce of register In bankruptcy fo.this judicial ., The good preventing in 'outlay" of tHonsanIs:'of 2ollrs junde.r Wise management, will income 'iivb'busfness,' - lucra-- J ' ' , , Emza R. Snow. . 1 . ;Therfollowing fncfdentar are here chronicled J .'not aVitems of news, but as things worthy of ' T ' 'Tl the afternoon of Three weeks ago Thursday, March 11 tb, thousands or the in habitants of XJtah, young and old of both sex4 s,Trercj rendered; justly, Jndgnantv the; casqof iPresidentrPrigba e J. ifeKetf n J tenced to prison by tHis honor taking occasion to misconsttue a de-. lay on the part: of President: Yduiig toocomply; With' on unjust and senseless ; lay was madp to: test the question of rgh t of Aapneal-- -a oohtempt of Court, sentenced him tb:pay;a'flnebf 25, and to' be r imprisoned for, nours. . , twenty-lou- r Contempt of Ctourt! Had itb of contempt for the manner in'whichtho'Chief Justice had conducted his public'.' affairs, iliat this.insulwas oiiorea, every, inan auu,wpiuan on to-da- y, ?) , -- Chief-Justic- F order-r-which- e-j j.- up-nm-rou- e-o- -- ludflrnientand piire Teehltloiehffl, wHbl has been aualnrwith njb'bifl .thisTerritpTyt migni as J.usuy LJJve . oceu wax ,... f "imprisonment,, mitted to fine-an? d . -- , te up-hll- l.. -- ? p t gooa, 'wmcn li jor cucrgiea .utusb uo uouemrateu readies higher arid higher until at last wi come into the presencd of Illm whoas the ' 5. (ehafwho' - fountain-hea- d ness. rMaHUliilCTS.-'-"'1--''-- :f. - 1 : y ; a! i r. ... !: : -- Remedy for Croup. When cronp makes its itippearancei which- - may bo Icnown by a ; ringing C0Pgihf7 wrap-- 5 czMjm watcrf thpn tho flnnnel xind pu t itsifeet m yarra rub tho breast;!aiia bottoms of trxo iect ana palms of the hands with ojl;r ,If tho child .breath, breath'p3 hard, or M Btrugglirigj for a a t t -I' one laKe neaping leaspoomui oi jpuywiiuu alum, with two or thrco of honey (molasses or sugar will do)f ahdJ a littlo' warm water to make.it 'thirl riougli for M "GhiM-t- a swallow readily, v When the pittieht U vbrytal, give ono toaspoonful of this Uhixtam wery ten minutes, until he A'omltsTIiis dose is o infen ded for a child two jycafa oltl ' child should also tako a tablcspoo'nf ul of sweet oil. ..(Chicken oil wijianswer the 'pur-pbs1 t.-- A i i b' ' if ithiformef is 'nbt'iit liahil.) v!Hio mixture of alum ind; honey cuts the 5 phlegm loose and causes it to "be thrown'uj). - -B.U. fci- - : ;! Pneumonia and PcumsY.-r- ": ' ;; IiOMll AFFAIRS. M Wr jiav E beeu1 requested 'to aniSulic ftliat ph:and&fter 'Friday; AptiV 2n;;mulbeffy cuU ti iigk (fcati Uq oblafhJ at, r;, ZTna, p, .Ypuhg's residn&tjut.ar mysetitntfouV. "and wiubeBlaced In thoir6u'nd ! ? - - Chief-Justic- Chief-Justic- ? : : ', . A - ; , ln ease a ncrsbn is attacked by pneumonia or'plcurisy tho first thing: dbho ,shouW bp to hatho tho feet In ,l However, the" sentence wasr passed. Presi-- ; forrpreiiervation until caued tor. Of course the) dent Yoiing VaVtateen to the penitentiary, and' earlier they, are rcnOYfHi t'tner sarer anq better whole people exasperated by the indignity for them,; The sisters wha'are desirous of prpj curing a Bupply, are therefore requested to call ,' . IBM t .wimtWiaight have been felt, however as early as possible. . . ,f to great the desire : of .many must have .been .Governor Axtell issued; a proclamationj take some action byr way of avenging? the outEmer March assigning Associate-Justic- e rage, nothing; was done. There- was nothing sou to 22nd, the. Third Judicial district, tho; reraova that could be done allowing wisdom to 'dice McKean having left the bench of .i tate byr any individual in Utah. of tkis district ; vacant until the arrival o ' ' Upwards of a thousand women took; the ope Lowe. the for afforded respect representing portunity and ' reverence in wieh President Young Is Caitain SilvX, iucceswr to Major Overton held byih'ia' people.hy signing a Ution asking as receiver at tho Iand Ofllcc In this city; ro-- j for his relpase which was presented' to Qover-Jtio- t 1 arrivetl. . ; 1; we'rlcssr to cently 'Axteil.- - Tlio Oovernor was act in me maiier, uut me promuv acuon ukuu TirnTOUirrit term of. the fi)Ut' W:inl Smlua 22iid.- Trofcssor by the ladles was nevermeicjis commehuauio.. fry commenced MdndayrMarch 'In"less ihan a week from the day 'bn , which j'Karl G.". itaeser, Principal." The "Professor has theudge ordered President Young to prison, been delivering lectures on highly interesting - HYGIENIC 1KOTES. 11 :,' .t 'i? ? , Ml wn : . r- .well-kno- Watch tbe child closely. Keep it Warm. See that tho bowels aro free:, and do not allow it to breathe any cold air until Jtis wrll. of all Iritelligencey'bf all "good For very young children this dose should Io ! . ; ""nf. i -. perl-hap- s VENGEANCE 'iS ' THE LORD'S. ;v. of time; theJjf prpgressti nothing wonder- scale And tul, because it is all on a descending ' a .1 it. ia ft ' uilcii mosejwno are on ine sup backward for want of a li ttle cau tion. Or get impatUnt, and Want Hheir work don in a hurry, and thullbey lose more in a very short space oif time':ihan :thev haVeDee'n able to iirinttayrpr all iiuYviiag vpwam in miq scae pi numan pro- gressiou, eniying ior advancement, ipr. aper manent good to be attained. Of course it will be all work .and we must not tread too Jightiy or carelefy, but plant: our feet flrmlyi and measure the ground carefully, There are ure io De luorns m, our rtnpina-pveryr- ie ty or; nindrance ana dimcuuies; and twe shall meet those; wh are journeying down ward,-whwill : seek to discourage us, but.' wer must: not heed. them.. Our path' is upWard, and: all pur ' ta . a I l." LJJ.1 3 5Jes naliy:' tent 'abroad: for ihestf artfcles;;and,' . w-o-rk ward 1 : rly congregation in:th'ehirteentli AYard Assembly was the His subject Rooms, March 21st. ' Priesthood. j;' " 11 la, up-nworKf r and requires ; care iFtheHasceritwCaution Is one An ele of the Jbraacheijjewlng,! energetimpyeJ ments meat ia being made :to ihfrrsam fiireQUon4ni , essential ; to v cultivate, Jo. help tus in this city, by which we intend furxiifehingatraw-- j climbing; .All tliat which piettajns to goodness ;wor to supply thercityti Alsoytoe Soetyof is truly elevating j therefore the fnofe goodness possess the" higher elevatI6n of character wi yoiig ladlea is! fitariitig the aiMriesfoftknit4 "we attain. And all this is bnlyi riccodi 1 Ished y We have W gradually because climbing Is al ways sldwo Ori hawls, y4&o'ttti('-I&l lidhipeterit teacherotie n wEd; "followed ttii the .contraryt.eyilis swift because its tendencj district r3iich & Industry iri' iEdgtaiia 1 Efto this j ; thergfore ! trio work r is ey-ani ? ?ckly4 accoimplishedi No : wonder .thos wh(i j&re;engage4 in;it dp sor much In such shoxt:pal ing ui iar-ticula- instructiv'eandentw Elder Orson Pratt ;prdached to a crowded feed-jnilkwor- ; btho'Sifferint Wards late- subjects, in several hot Dam, uik-in- g light gruel or flaxseed tea, and ''getting into a warm bed. Tho perspiration thu3 ' caused Is eicclient. ftige tea may also ho taken.' A convenient and common remedy for the; difficult hrtialhing, arid: oho' wbich Is, or ought to be,;at hand In every household, is sweet spirits of niter, taken In doses of half a .teaspoonful r every hour till tho brcatlilng.Is.reiievcd. ; ; , For DiprnERiA. Dr. TteviHo'ut states thatlomon Iuico,'uscd aa a gargle, is an effi cacious specific against' diplherla and Bimi-lla water-ana-musta- ra well-order- ed L ar ; throat troubles.1 Ucf bus Successfully employed it thus for ovor eighteen years. tJuiiE FOlt Frozen FiiET.I have fried almost every thing' that could be mentioned, but found nothing equal to a mixiure oi turpentine and camphor gura.R. N, Y. . . . The most touching caso of filial dovotion that has recentlycomo to bur notice U that of a Milford young man, aged twenty, who abandoned tho idea of raising a mouslacho - at the advice of his mother. A f - 