WOMAN'S EXPONENT. WOMN?S-.KECORD- rgood husband who is faithful in doing his duty both to his family and .td his God, for which I am truly thankful. I think we are the most blest women now on the earth v I will close by saying may God bless our paper and" those who labor 4o rnake it truly val- "xy'Xj n :.uable.2'-- ' , . Yours in all good work, USEFULNESS. . Pbincess Louise; is PresidenCof tho., Na- - J ; tional Society for the improvement 'of. the ;;.."'' education of women: ; Gov. Barley and . fhesenate of .Michigan have confirmed the appointment by renoraH nation of Mrsl Harriet' A. Tenn ey as State: - v - vy Librarian for two years; f. Mlts. Jonathan Sturgis' of New York' has been elected President of a Woman's' Board of Foreign; Missions jist Organized by the , Dutch Reformed Church. ' Habblb? Hosmer willeiid to ,the, Cen tennial Exhibition ,av sei of goldendoorsJ " An En g ish .G en Nemanallowed Jier to d u . plica tejthem Jorjt Me lEmmaiBvIlyder " of San Flranclscot I' . received the gold inedalof the New JX6rk Homeopathic Medical College and Hospital,4 for' the best clinical report'of lectures. TnirEmpress of "Japan has decided on the; erection of a college for young girls,' who will become- - teachcrsr sher hasjontributed v- v- 5 :- - , -- s liberallyjro herjowiiprivate4pursoitaaid in the expense of its construction. Mrs. Carter of Washington a " elocutionist, gave aneiitertainment to the convicts in the;StatePrison at Charleston, An Essay read before the Young Ladles' ? rx Society pf, the 13th Wardn It has been long ,the habit of the 'world to look upon woman as a being fitted espec ially for adornment f Upon this name have the epit liets. of grace, fragility nd beauty, been bestowed, instead of those express.: ions that give us the idea: of more' solid meriL rf Many women; no doubt care only to, please and ! shine, i Their lives are made tip of superficial ihings that fail to make of thel mind a .treasure house. ! Jif seeking to make the. persori aUractiye, one should not forget to' make the character iolid. r.r.-- r: :.; In the "many comparisons that have been made of man and woman, it has been'' as ume4 .tiiat'heis;thopbndat!oii and avails; of the building and she-th- o pictures to adorn the "wallsr The r opinions .of society1 . nn-- " may haye made woman think that-h- er dertakipgsmust Jbenecessarially small: but, ithaanot yet been proven ( that sho is;not mentally capable of performing labors which perseverance require the most determined ' ' V"' ahKcaii thoughn' it not greatly the fault of women them.; selves that they have been Stigmatised,' as ' weak and incapable? vl ' . They are too fond of amusement and admiration pleasure, to, many seems to bo the; hyn i 1 Mass, Wednesday evening May fifth. Mrs. Emily iluntingipn Miller"haswrit-te- n a storyrlectufe entitiedj vThe Parish of Pair Haven.1' -It Is said to" be in great de- -- May 8th; 1 875. Hauejsville ;Editor r 'iJ::I:ri;.5:' U DEAii 1 .1 ' : '. ; t Your much valued paper is received and read with mUch pleasure by my subscribers; thcrp are but few of them;, the. sisters join together and tako the paper? there are many more read, the paporr than there are ' that ' , . - subscribe ye"t they are all subscribe girls :.:and eych gtoWii u)' :IvishthblittipWere as interested in it us and aged women -- ; . well-known- irl -- mynittio'jatecrlbeJibvlda,Gnarri8f she is eleven years old she dries peaches and sells ; them for the moneyj and this is tho way. . she pays for her paper. 1 , . r V,-'I- s r, r s , . . O. , . J. X. , For the ExroKXT. WOMAN'S MISSION. What is it? .How often is this question I x ;.. asked, and how often most elaborately dis- cussed, and yet without coming to any defl-- ; nite, understanding or final decision . Wo- ?& in chief alnvf.: t l.. ffTheir-ducaHmail's ng;ress,; Woradn's jClub3, ; and Wo-- ! :M48adIy),at laultclu-- j man's ; AsSocaatiohs oryariousf kinds are all " stead of reading history they read novelsj f extensively treating upon this subject and- instead of going to lectures they go to the the ultimate issue ol this Important ques- -' theatre and instead of learning-- science, . " : I tion7That' Woman's Mission Is a Homo they learn: to play on the 'piano, ' all and seemingly mankind Mission affirm, our ve do as that spirits: 'Understanding I understand it, in the strictest senso of ; came from another.world jmdU up. lKid they I the word, to mean the fireside, the parlor,: iesr on" this for "tho purpose of ciperience and f and the kitchen; that a woman's Influence allj-timprovemenfit is theuty of;tis' Is always, heeded there is verily true, but make our lives rich in good " wbrki It I does that define the coropletociiclo of her grieves tie spirit tf our; Heavenly.! Father - ; work? jfCan she hot exert an jcxtendcdjhfor us to spend our i(time solely, Upon 'eur-;- ! ' fluence In manj' ways, "without "confining : selves; "Each: young i' lady i mtyn ask iiver ! herself; to these prescribed boundaries? self,u"How;lScan:I be useful? I see notbingi Must she being a vife and a mother, neccs particular; to do,V a Begin wi thasking fiod r serially restrain all aspirations, for any fur-tp give you intelligence? concerning! the needs of your wn soulj to bless you with jJther development, and only live again, .or : e j for the future through her huslnnd and her for the love willingness to sacrifice ot usefulness and yoii will discover, powers... i children? I can see no othef solution to this question than merging her own indiwithin yourselves of ' which you have never' : ''" into that of those whoso interest . VF.:8;' ; dreamed, m ' viduality j and welfare she U so exclusively serving. 1 i fe I I rid i vfdual Jias i woman ' ar, That every . WOMAN'S voice. ; '.V as 'well as every man, I am bold to affirm J j that she herself is responsible to God arid to May 1G;1S70. : r j' HZi HARUtsVILLE the world equally with man, also, (even' ",'.", Pear ExroNtST: ' '" I though she be so fortunate as to secure a ' It is with feelings of inability .that I 'if husbandVand is woman riot held responsl- to write a fey;,Jines to, mingle ble in this wise and progressive age, Jbr the voice iith others bf rny sisters in ; pr6ihbt-- " conduct, the morality and the social men i ng ! the cause of truth : I can t h i hk'of. tnoch j tal and spiritual education of her children? that is good, but how difficult to. put it on' If they err," then she ha3 failed in some nice i r the Expotnex-foI appreciate greatly, paperj point of distinction to comprehend her the instruction it contains and most' es- whole duty, this is the verdict of the world; pecially the wise counsel how to guide bur . women are not only made answerable' for children aright, for Uls a" 'constant' fear to' their own' faults but for those of future gen- Ime that I shall not do my duty by them. I V i' ' rerati9ris:7;:f consider the Lord has - placed - a greats ;e-- . i :: hold rCoriseuen Uy rig it such 1 1 m portant 1 ' sponsibility upon mo injgivlng me children; positions as" regai ds" the, destiny of future therefore it Is my daily prayer for wisdom races, their education and advantages should ' that I may do a mother's part inV teaching,; be the most superior it Is possible to obtain. instructing and governing them'aright I That men withold this from women ia hot see many times where I fall short ofs'my;. helping but hindering the advancement of duty to them,' but I can see where I am imn ili that Is most" desirable, and eventually proving, irt f reflecting1 upon vhat I havb opinion Is not v"to read in tho Exfonekt ''concerning ihese' -- they will find that publicasserts? -u ' be relied upon when it duties, also niany more useful thihgsl'M. :'Ho forXjbd only,' she for' God In ' Hirn." know this work is true for' myself, Tor the ' fMay Hth,' 1875. , Lord has been mindful of me and mjne in. :.: .: Eiule. many" sickness, and answered my prayers ' times, and healed my children when iiigh Whai anianh are often S3n g funerals unto death, for which I give the praise un- to Him, tho Giver of air good; ; I have a : ! on '- mand in church lecture-course- s just now. A Miss Ethridge of Maine, who was employed as a book keeper, was lately found dead in a inanner which indicated that her death had - bceSi the result, of a freak of " : ? -- -- 1 1 . Mrs. Ame3, :;. Wlclowbf-Josep- h the distinguished painter, Ames, has herself won distinction, 'vas. ulptor tJShe has been noted in this country for her long Tand of character beauty person; her wit, and unusual mimetic, genius. Mrs. Llncolnpwidowa of i Lincoln has be'en adjudged insane by a jury in the county court, and the evidence of a i . -- jj self-lov- . corroboiative testimony ' 8he has leen ta;1 ken to a private asylum at Batavia, Illinois. ; t A complimentary reception was given to Mrs. Caroline M. Severance at the rooms f c,f the New England Woman's f Club, No 3, J Fremont Place, Boston, Apr. 24th, 1875. ' Celebrated men have long been the recipients of .complimeritaryhonors, but it isonly recently that.Xvomen have receivedany public recognition of their services We would heartily endorse the sentiment, "Ilonor ; to whom honor is due, regardless of sex , " comes " 1 ; 1 en-dcav- dr 4 " . . recently occurred: CAn exhibition was given"? there". byTom Xhumb,J at which the; prices, were twenty-fiv- e cents for those, tenl years of a gt, and twelve and a half for those under, . It was Johnny's tenth birthday, and his cousin; May .aged thirteen thought it her duty to celebrate it by taking him in the afternoon to see the dwarf. - Arriving at the door she put down thirtyeight cents and asked for. two tickets, "How old is the boyyvasketi the ticket seller. Well,H ;re-- ; Miss phed May, this is his tenth birthday; but he was not born till late in the afternoon. ' The vender of tickets accepted tho accuracy of the averment, and handed her tho proper certficates of admission: v ' -- . ? " , 5 Ex-President The foll6wingyouthfure'xactnbss ! .? ,-- . r , " ; : ' , ' ' 