1 Vol. ; NOTES, AND :3STEWa-- yqurigestjiaughter of Mr. J. L. Addlscott, and neice of the late Rev. II. Addiscott, . of-S- t. V? , Maeuy for love, young man," but remem-- ; ber that it liaa easy to loyeja girl whose pa iias a hundred thousand in tho bank as one whoso Void;, .man" sits' up behind ; fi ; pair; "of mines ana yeiis, f'Wnoai youpete, or I'll take your ear olil" s4 The Pkince of Waiss onhia :visif Ih- .dia, will bo accompanied by four representatives of liondon Journals. Drf i fotl 'i-f thoTime3Mr,orbesfor4ihe- - --Henty for the Standard, and Mr. Edwin . ? Taunton. She is : of:. middle height, and apparently eighteen years of age. She conducted the services without any aid from others. She gave out hymns, prayed with great fervor, and read the Scriptures admirably. In the Evening? she Ptook herltex tjfroni ol t The address lasted over threequarteri of J an hour.? Her appealswere forcibley' . HeSil llstrations homely, usually thefresult of per- sohal; observation, andr as a ruleelIchosen PauPs, ... ?tionrrkfji. - a new law has gone into cfc fect providing that every, woman oyer ;2 V years of ago, residing in the district where ; certain duties are to be performebT shall be the following offices ; considered; r lN ...Wisconsin -i schbol'districts directortroasurer, clerlsuof ' : of4a citieSjarid county sujperintendents of schools. the : actual work teacher ? without distinction ; in : regard to sex. When i directors s andh la w givers? in general see fit to lay downlihe rules'on such equitable terms women ;will; have less occa sion to clamor for their rights than they now have, and will probably tialk, less, and , be less talked abouk It1 is stated how by the Eastern papers, tliat the direct cause iof the destructive fire - at Holyoke was tho use. of; trimmings etc. about the altar; also-thentire: building.yas sheathed witlvpino'iristead: of piaster. The .eorbnor's verdict condemns jthosa") who , had the construction of tho.interior of .tho building, they not having i prbyidpd ifiufficiojatly JpT egress therefrom I Already eighty - have i died and there are more who are not expected-- ; to survive the'effect&of that mo3t distressing : per-form- i "ABookfecently'published :by the Rev. who 'ivas seventeen years a . misiouury. laoyna, giyea; pno some - jueas concerning the people and Jcustonls of that Eastern land, j A large part of them f speak the Araoic language,and are devoted follow-- , crs;of Mohammed. The women among them are looked "upon as' something very arid when a baby girl : is horn,' there ls mourning, whereas, at the birth Of a1 boy T in-Jferi- therols rejoicing. or,: A Hohammedah Mufti, in reply to Dr Jessup suggesting girl3" being girl to read ' and taughtsaid,;Teacha writer Why she will write letters, sir, ye3, writTrettersl-ThathingJ- nst to actually: bo thought of for a , moment,, , There is still ' work to do for those who have - the means and ability In elovating the women, of that land, f where; :our blessed Savior lived and .taught the principles, of divine J truth, where lie was' scourged and beaten, and at last crucified. , far-fam- ed t:.:A woman --! ppREAcnyxd' ' m England. John Bull says that another clergyman's 'relative, has taken "to preaching; "Miss Laura: Addiscottf who delivered the ad- ' dresses at Deptford on Sunday week, i3 the , t ion was evi- "11,500 persdrilabidthe ag&regate number of, the procession 20,000. teasnumberirig ; ed e Bunker ,; Hill's pentenuMexhibl Judge Devens delivered tho oration commencing with f a ' Welcome etc. - Next ; ho expatiated at some length upon the: Harvard men who were engaged there a hundred salaries has M'jjja& andisensible.scdle been adopted by the Board of Education j of pay - 'XP-.k--- ; six miles long, from Columbus Avenue to Winthrop Square. Tho military is director and secretary' of town boards, ira- der the township system oJf school, govern- - NhvUlepFerineseiTh for to each : in Charleston, Mass. List month dently a grand success. The- - procession wu3 ten miles long, consisting of nine divisions and was four k hours - and L ten : minutes j nj passing any gi ven point The route was ' : ment Hemberi t .;ani'welI.apBUed4!.?-- Arnold for the 3?Megraph"ir4uvaifi'?r Dr. Jessup, no: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JULY,. J, ,1875. 4. years ago; afterwards of Prescott and Warren, next the constitution! the duty of con- -' cilation, then Sumner, and in conclusion exhorted the audience to imitate the example of those whirthefc fduJhr:for civil and religious libertynot like; the Romans or Grecians for love of war In the evening an informal reception was; given by. i the : Mass. Commander of the Loyal Legion of, the U.: S.y to Gen.i Sherman,! atthe Parker JEIouse which was largely attended by; the most distinguished ; people, and i was exceedingly i 4 pleasant.! - ' EXTRACTS 7 FROM k- LETTER. - ?f-f 7 The fbilowirigTi items Jare ironi a letler -- ..wrlften:taErW JrreT whois1 at pfe - The better ihoNottingham conference.--ivI der George was dated Slay 25th, 18751; JiiA.fter: giving:somo; account j of ii health and the labors of iho brethren :i in - that. and makings some inquiries regard- IngJriendsand anurs in; .Utah; he 'alludes to the arduous uphill business of doing anything which has not got money Jn it, says iHhat Is about all the people are after, from the king oh IhH throne, to1 the ; merchant, theministef, the laborer, 'and even the beggar Mtho streets. :: 1:) 2' X)rie of our sisters? he says "asked a fine : young 'grown, strong, heaUhy-lookin- g to tho door; begging, if it jivould hot bo far: better for her. to; :tryj- and get sT situatioii ait some gen lleman's house, than to go through thoTstreets-beggi- ng as she way doing; The young girl fepl ied, no indeed it wouldn'tl The sister inquired the reason ; her reply was, it - wouldn' t v pay, there wasn't money enough in it. Tho sister opened ;hcr eyes in astonishment, and asked her if she could get moro money, by begging. She answered, "Oh yes! jt is a very pooi street that 1 cannot; get a penny in and I can visit sixty streets per day and at least that will clear mo five shillicgs, and lo-cal- , - - ; ity and I am my own mistress into the bargain. LiliLour travels among tho people we find" when.men have earned their: money, ' (and wages aro higher now than thuy used to be) they hand over a certain5? amount to Ithein wives, just as little as they can: manage things, with;and: the5 rest they, spend in' drinking, gambling etc.5 and Jn passing through the streets every .fourth man you meet (andsome women) have .tbcer, gin whiskey or rum depicted in bold characters npon their countenances so plaihlv th.it thoy., passers oy cannoi neip duc ioout, and read and inany exclaim; what a shame for a gov' crhment like Great Britain" to license .beor- shops, gin.palaccs etc. It is plain to be &een by tho world at large, as well asr tho saints, that these very excesses and abominations ; are going to prove the over-thronnri Hnl ; Instruction' of "the nations." i.'.wV " ; -- I passed through a two thousand inhabitants itho other day, and the signs over the doors were So thick; that iri alono I counted three hunijhe Main Street dred and seventy-eigh- t, .ninety-seven- '' of which wero licens drinks; which we find is overl - the whole; and one would naturally wonderof where" tho money ' comes rrpm tq rupport them all ; but when wo read - the static tical reports of some-- of the- - leading Cities tho problem; is solved.. I; came 'across-- ' some statistics (a short time ago)4 of ' London, obtained irom the reports of."tho Londnn FUx Mission, viz.; ."It is the largest city-i- n the r world, it covers nearly fifteen miles radius l of Charing Cross, nearly-sevehundred square miles and numbers four millions 'inhabitants, including "ono hundred "thousand foreigners. .London contains more; Jews "than tho whole of Palestine," more 'R6mah!'iaat&oiics than Rome itself, moro Irish than Dublin moro Scotch than Edinburgh The of London has every day in its waters port a thou sand . ships, and nineteen thousand 'sailors. Moro than a hundred and twenty persons are added to it3 pupulation dailyviorfortyinousana yearly, a birth takingpiace eve " five minutes, and a death every eight minutes., On tho Police Register thero aro names of: a. hundred "and:. twenty thousand habitual criminals,, increasing , thousands every year. - - - - by many .There aro as manvlia ns If their fronts : were placed reach from Charing Cross, to isidoTbyrside Portsmouth, a distance of soventy-thre- o miles : Th irty thrco thousand drunkards are ' annually brought before its magistrates, besides the many thousands of drunkards who are not brought beforo tho authorities.' Tho sh'0p3 open on Sundays would form streets ' sixty miles longr and it U estimated '.'that: are above a million people, who aro there practically heathen, wholly neglecting religion " , Br. Farrell says these facts there is an extensive field of labor, forprove a good sup-pl- y of faithful elders to preach the of Jesus Christ; and that the Elders.Gospel who aro laboiing with him in : that vicinity, aro using every effort in their power to get and sisters to break off from their old habits of drinking beer, tea, coffee and puttingtheir means in the P. E etc, und instead; and all who aro doing soare prospered beyond their anticipations; ' , : ; ; - m .. .. ...... .... , . j ; w ?viliago-'of-ahQu- t one-four- th T ; n i ; ; . - . -- - lir5r-hnn?- o5 : J x the-brethre- n - 