Ye t there varo many comely maidens ,amo ngf sheet, .'Jowel, or napkin was lot; and tho them for,all that; bonniQ lasses with wonhouso was in perfect order from top:; to bot- -; -derful complexions, and dazzling een. flmt tom.14; She told me another fact,; j which 1 know thp wivesand daughters of Wisconsin:. juLwhat matters it to sensiblemepw)10 WiiriTe gladTtohear;-Yhe- n hr;uns enough to appreciate,. thG:qierence they ;went in-t- o tho White JIousq she purchased two .exbetweena:delicate doll and ..a heaUhyJielp- cellent cows. From ,the milk of these po ws meet.. .There ar& volumes of. common sense sheinade all the buttei used,'a,H the cream in: their honest .noodles, and oceans of r love and made all the icq cream used in the Pres - in their warm and constant hearts.- ident's family during his term. When she went homejsho shipped those cowb to Ten :a, hostessnessee.; Is it any .wonder, ladies,',that Mrs.' Patterson received the first prpmiuin on buJohn B. Gough, in his, recent lecture in tter at their Fair last fall?" New:. York, related thoJ following story ;,fAn tabid :6rHf lady jt,: Li D, was dining at tho ' .THE WIFE OF THE SEORETAll Y 4vhoj' when Gen, Grant vas speiiding tuo Tdays aflier house, refused to toiorato oho t OE THE NAVY. .drop of wine t or spirits, on her; table;, and whorwhen about to entertain ,,thd'.; British Jhe Washington correspondent of the Cincinnati "Gazette" writes: fOirs.Itobe-so- n nobility, as she 'did and tliey "IhquirOtJ, "Can youLtertain Lord So anl seems to possess the fountain of eternal I can; but it must be understood youth, M that neither wine, ale iior spirits are offered concealed somewhere Twithin the generous ' in my house." This' gentleman referred to cu ryes of her fine, portly person.1 he enand said: "I wa at her dinner-tabl- e, joys (the rsociety. of youngs persons r in tho most thorough manner, ami what Is rarer winejand I i have got Jhithe gfasiof i habit of shall rivo said, still, the young people heartily reciprocate iising;ltHrSe :i n no ihd 'NoV' wine.,? dd; tbysarid the sentiment by being completely fascinatiis all from take will ; her. Her hair is 'silvered o'er oilrdutnriQs il by you ed, with think winet promotes digesti6ntiHid)yQU with the frosts which come to all in the auneyer hear f of fa mari who 'cduldlindt'icat tumn, of life, but the frosts have, mellowed Tcheeso wi thou t ih u rtirig him?- - t!6h Ti sup- ; and ripened, not shriveled oir pi nched or hardened any feature or feeling. Her name opose ybu vould denvjmO'QeeeDl SheTrc- plied! t Bid yott? e veif hearrdf :k'man:stand- might well be attached to the list of those i ing under a gallows and saying to i the illustrious womenwhose fascination grew With increasing years, like Mme, ltecamler, the execution Nowraynfriends, takewarning by m&J rad: n6erieAt$iieese?' Cleopatra, Helen ot Troy, and dozens of t Or did you 1 ever read i in t the iiie WspAfiers others. Secretary Itobeson was long and i wHen a ihanjwas m urdered iim Woo rebts , deeply in love with the widow, Mrs. Aulick. i fhat those meu had been' (Klting:Icheesi?, The young girls tried invainl to catch an Sho wito v me' that cheeso i produces leight- encouraging glance from the TOtund bache--1 s . tenths or Cabinet officer, and thereby; build: many ; of ; the br tho crime,' I , of the lanacyjcshowJo pauperism, one-haexquisite "chateaux en Espagne,"- - through me that cheese produces the I tesnltsithat which they.might move Jn queenly grace as the liaval Secretary's bride. But thef drink does, and by tho grace of God J will battiathe cheeio just as hardas thb wihe;" gentleman in question had eyes for but one "Herald ofHealth.1' woman, and that woman a widow, with fit dawning streaks of gray in her hair, evinc- In Franco women -- control and regulate opinion. It : has longlbeen an aphorism in Frances .L'homeiaitio lois." La Fcramo ' ' iai$;lemoems.v f In England; My jLord;. makes laws; man- absorb and enand manufacturing control, 1 slave. England. ,;y f;1 V ' Thc'rcason; Franco has broken her feudal chains, rooted out her law of primogeniture and distributed her hind among! 5,000,000 land holders, is solely attributabloto the of woman, aWoman in France is tha oncouraging element, and Franco gives social customs, manners,' science, and opiu-ion- s to the wprld., - r .v, . ' , j brave .' . s -- , . - in-iluen- , . . tku is' doiio " W ; seven-eighth- lf cause, Mrs. Aulick consented to 'become Mrs. Robeson, and has filled her position of Mrs. Secretary with rare dignity and satis- faction. When first married the husband and wife seemed as delighted and jubilant as , persons many "years younger. ' I - haye seen them walking in the early "'tijqtMy; somewhere in the vicinity p,f their rest FACTS AND 1 tilS VJ FIGKItm Accoediq, Iqihe; last eeWu Jp uiand and , Wales, the femalbs off :iputr)umber;the males by P99,,i ;but.above the age of twenty-f- i yo the malps ejecoejthe females iu number. YhiloT thprewere40 tho-populat- ion wero af 3,000"' widows. Above the. age of .ninety,. females number two to every male. At theJannual .mooting I6f.; the Young hnntWa-ha- d s i , like two children, and . ... r an imecuous merriment." limgumj who dence, . mm Women's Christian-Associatiof Boston, L recently held, the receipts Xor.the past year were statedite be .'.$55,703,;in;cludiag; aloan iit $35,000. i Tho iamoim.t 9.M5iaa.fhaa been paid. o th h.omej th,'o nenso:o;car! ; on ENDURANCE OF THE SCOTCH GIRLS. 7 7: The average Scotch girl iisr full "of spirit, ' life, and sunsliino, Shecan 1 ?qI. tair amount of daneingduringrthe season, row a boat tramp over a::Highiand road, or get up a i picnic rartv during tho snmmftr complexion or her health. Up to a certain ago, as Dr. Clark says, the life of a Scotch girl is calm and peaceful .WTierTshe enters upon the business of Ufe. sje s nooncer. - enter upon that step, , not a shattered spectra yth a pulseless sofa but ak a woman, ffW in mind; and Dedy,and of mature luagment. It may bo said that our coan., ry women in Che rural districts coarse and mas.cuUne, It is true that tjieir hnnA V' often hard from daily toil, Wd fingers are scarcely in accordance with tho Grecian lino of beauty.are-somewh- -- - ftHWW at : : i & 6centrmunicipal :t)lectioD in Eng-!land- ," out ' pf:i0Q0 wome'ij roh tHe1 register, ,10i JYeutto ihe:polis,:i which v'as"hi'i$ less than the prorKtfUohrtl number 4-:.- .it j:out of 27j09! Tworaen 'Tegiserc4AYjefq' k ooin test occurred; 14,4Juvoted.:; the slave, the nonentity "Rnplnnd has TfeiletT I j : i 1 rtbwpns, 4 the blossoms of facts; purer and lovelier for their strong hold on, truth, Jqst as thorfairest roses are grown in thb'firi- - Fancies ? i Aro , 'C 'r toy ksilie fruit of? the.; soul that vheti : "7 ;tesfiu--:7-- , friends ;drop hvay (al.Jeav'eSt thinning) U more perfoctly' .ripehed by "the" 'sun thai ' reaches it from" on high. " "' ? : - JIi3 that, preaches .gratitude 'pleads 'tho ;caus Jxrth-o- f :'G0dand lrien, for; without it: ittfrcaq neither1 be sociablb'nor. religious. , rwxt-Tifesses- fof ing that the mild twilight of life had commenced. After a perseverance worihy the vUfhnrrn in '? : iftUV la ! Voman;rImsliI)erfyi inde- Franco has advanced; : -- . ib1 usbiVnd; tn0;ldlot- ed, en-Ijoy- - pendence and el evatioirfonovveci1 England still' regards tlio wifo as the property of tho , So-rd-pli- co ;TIui.jif.i.riliat jtit 'intpropprtbn aajui- - ; .'.' -- . v -- 1 t'lOrrAltACTEh is thebterhal ' temple "that eaqli orie begins to' Veaf yotidcath only can cbprilete,7 ijier,' Aner. the architecture, the !mbre iit for tho Jrid welling of angels; ;. is the ISiost beautiful and, Hunxirxo thing in the world to mlugto gravity with . It pleasure; that tho. ono. may t" wt sink' into 'melancholy and;thb other risokip lnwanton- - i Qnb Of- the saddost.hirigs' about, human - nature' ISj.tHata marimay .'guide; others' In "tho path; of Hfo without. walking ;in ;it himselfthat he may be a' pilot and yet a cast- - ...away. r. -- Strive,, strive; my soul. t6 Ibo innocent ; yes, beneficient! Doo3 any man wound onlyTbrgiYe, but work into thy thoughts: intelligence of tho kind of paiu, that thou mayest not inflictjltpranother spirit. Then its. work 'If done; it will never "search thy whole.' natufo again.4 "Oli.'Iovo much and be forgiven. r. f .; thetlQt s , :rUJ3TPoiirxj:E33.--Thi- s . . crqwiilnpr graco iof eharacter cannot be acquired by tho study I of ibooks of ctiqaette,' Thoy indeed are use-- ,: ful as manuals' af social" intcrcburso and may ".help one in tho observance ':of. cbnventional rulesj but they ahnbtke.lihej true Jady ' nnd gentleman. Qenulno politeness strikes . txt "below the surface, deep in the heartahd Ucoms out-- in air tho, liCtlo acta" v i bf ' II fev - v ) v j. i U i ts-- rootis j -- i'-r'-- t-- i . i ? ! ' Wero fi on the register, :J Fbanci iind-OOiOS- at O in 1776had ,)and chQi4er3. ;lqbUityi:ho had s England j ha,o. landed feudal- KobiTityN 4Cd - About 15G,000 land, holderi . France has 5,000,000 land holders' Eng' ''. land less than 03,000. f :':V Tb-da- y, . aro "growingVrich, v theThe peopleaf'of Franco are' fast becoming peoplq England . ; fAUPers, ?edy so. :Thrco-quartcni;of,the- aro m ; - ' , ; . :al- - . Mrs Edna Chency'has.been giving a ser- -. iqsof cohversational ;parior lectures, In pc troit, to very select companies; her s'Jfcc . ...w;1"Art and Artists.' Poon Irish woman- with ai children to, .Was - , j. A - railroad ticket- Ggent; - poor widdy wilh-s-U- "Pliaso , sir. cive-orphan children u t Ticket. agert:; ticket to i : Milwaukee?1' ' What have X to ao witn yourorpuai.eJmx "Woman: dren?. I ain't their father, , Xhat youipUj SirjVUiel ifathcr. w.is a' da " ccn mant"- . : 