42 -- r. ... r " " ." - , '" - - . W.OMAN'S . ft Meeting of the Senior and Junior erative Retrenchment Association in the Fourteenth, Ward Assembly Room J uly Mer31st, 1875, was presided over by Mrs. the cy R Thompson, in- the absence ofCounPresident, Mrs,.M. I. Horno, and her readselors. After the usual exercises and ing of minutes from the different: Wards, Mrs. Mercy Thompson; addressed, the meeting; expressing herself particularly gratified With the Secretaries' reports from the different Societies; said she Knew the Lord had blessed . the efforts of those who liad. tried to improve, and would continue to do so, -- until they should become bright and shining lights.- - Said ' that if she had been aware that she was to talk she would have chosentho subject of "Implicit Obedience;'! she then invited those who wero present to express their feelings, and referred to Mrs. H. GV Young. Mrs. Jane F. Kinney of the society of Friends requested permission to speak; 'she was delighted with the minutes of the young ladies'- meetings encouraged them to go forward in their work; said she ! traveled from East to West and North to South,, and met with all denominations. She ? spoke feelingly of God and His goodness", and advised all to go to him for wisdom and when they wjre in trouble. Mrs, , Harriet 0, Young, Mrs. Mary A. Freeze and Mrs. E. S. Barney each, spoke earnestly and ' interestingly of the work of reformation and the" Importance attached to tho duties,' of the religion professed; by tho Saints of latter days. Mrs. Youngin her remarks, al- lud'ed to idolatry as. creeping in among this people; referred to the eWorld as devoted to self, and that a similar spirit seemed manifest here, said it; was a source of regret. , Mrs. Barney, in' her remarks, spoke of the Homo Industries which were at present v; ' i p progressing steadily. - Co-oj- K d t -- : Hannah Cook, r Secretary, From Gunnison, Spring City, Cedar Fort -- - " and Wellsviile. have so many reports from different settlements that we are obliged to condense" them, and will give an item of each in this article. From Gunnison, Sanpete County, tho report was of a meeting where Sisters Snow, Home, Howard and Barney were present The instructions of the ladies were most eminently calculated to awaken the sisters' and inspire them with renewed Zealand energy. The letter was an excellent one, written by Secretary Helena Madson. From Spring city there was a report of tho Seventh Annual meeting of their society, which was vary favorable; also an account of a surprise party given to their President, Mrs. M. A. Hyde, which was an enjoyable v affair. Reported by P. E. Benson, Secretary. From Cedar Fort, by letter of the Sec-retary, Melinda Cook, we learn that prosperity has attended their labors in an almost wond erf ur manner, and the good work the sisters aro doing is worthy the highest commendation. From Wellsviile there is also a report of an Annual meeting of the Re- Society, and of the organization of a Young Ladies' Retrenchment Association. From all these the accounts are most gratifying, showing that the labors Of the resulting in good, to themselves and : all interested. lWe ; 1 ( ,t W Editor '..Exponent: was-addresse- s A. -- -- the Yountr Ladies Retrench-- 4 ment Association of Willard. The meeting by Sisters Snow and Richards. Another meeting was held on Wednesday at two o'clock. Sister Snow and and in the lister Richards were present course of their remarks, the advantages, ot homo industry, manufacturing everything that we can, and also sericulture, were referred to; truly we had a good time and our hearts were made to rejoice for the good counsel we received, and it will long be remembered by those.who attended the meet' Yours with respect, ings. Mary, Ann JIubbabd, President. Tr knnwn-a- K..S. REPORTS; EXPONENT A sis-ters.- ...V ."L " ' ":" aro - By request of our president I send you the following items with regard td our welfare in this placed The sisters with but few exceptions,- both bid and young, are members of. the Jlelief Society; we meet once Fabmington, I)ayi3;Co., Aug. 2nd, ; , : Edito a Exponent : In looking over the Society reports in the Exponent, I find that many of the Settlements have been favored with a visit from 4 - in two IweeksxTho sisters express their desires to obey whatever counsel may bo given them from time to time. . Last spring wo had a braiding school here, that the youngsistere might learn braiding; and now tho young ladies of Willard aro wear-in- g hats of their own manufacture. On Tuesday, July 27th, wo were favored with a visit from Sister E. R. Snow and Sister Richards from Ogden. A meeting was held at two oclock, in tho school house; a great deal of good" instruction was given. Sister Snow in her remarks asked the young sisters if they would like to be organized as a Retrenchment Society? All in tho house responded that they would. A meeting was then appointed for half past seven in tho evening and a general invitation was given to the brethren, both young and old; and also to the sisters, to attend. The schoblhouse was filled, a nd -- after singing and prayer 'Sister Snow proceeded to organize the young ladles.'." Mrs. Susanna Lechtenberg was sustained 'as "president of tho Society) Miss .Melinda; Hubbard, Mrs Lncey Nebeker, Misj Mary B. Cook, Mis Mary Ann .Ward, Mrs. Jane Parson and Miss Ellen Owens, her Counsellors; Miss Anna Brewerton, Secretary; ' Mis Ann Maria Wood, Assistant1 Secretary. Tho young sisters gavo in their names a3 mem- tKirs, when it was motioned that tho society . Sister E. R. Snow and others. We also had the pleasure of listening to Sister Snow and Sister Presinda Kimball, at a meeting in v v this place held May 19th. - i Their coming was highly appreciated, al- though I have been negligent in sending In' the report The instructions wo received were similar to those given in other places-Thewhole aim is to do good, and use to get tho people more interested in Home Manufacture. ; - , ; ir their-influenc- : They wished the people to set out mulberry trees, and go ahead in the silk busi-- . hess, which I think we are vell calculated to do in Farmington as we have persons; who understand it thoroughly, one who can prepare it for tho loom, and others who can i weave it into cloth. We. also have a Millinery started, and are saving something by making men's hats, both from straw and cloth. Our Seventh Annual Meeting was held June 30th,' 1875, '.Bishop John Hes3 and -- -- Arthur Stayner being present. They talked very encouragingly, and thought wo were doing well; felt to sustain us in their prayers, and by their presence when conv- Coun. " enient A few words before close in" regard to tho reformation. We had a two days meet J ing on the 17th, and 18th, of last month, in a grove fixed for the' purpdse. Some of tho - Twelve and - Elders from Salt Lake City were present" and told to us in plain words where we stood, and how for we were from living our religion. They read over tho" jQrst Jpurtejnrulesjof the United Ordergnd ..rcquested.ali those who esjred ltozliverup.; to them, to be baptized and commence4 anew. After meeti ng the bislibps and somd of the leading men of Davis County were baptized; since that; time there have been three afternoons of baptizing in this toivn and' we are not through yet j ;which shows that the majority wTant to do right And that God will give us His spirify and help us to keep the covenants wo havo made, is the prayer' of Aurelta S: RodEiis, V 1 . jjpub Aiar," Julj Editor Exponent: u 20 th, 1 -- 875"."" 'SlI ' Minutes of a; meeting held at Ephraim,.' Sanpete Col, Friday, Juno 25th, 1875. Af-ter tho usual ceremonies of opening,, Mrs. ; S. N. Peterson introduced Sister E.: R. Snow from Salt Lake Ci ty. Sister Snow said: I have long desired this: opportunity of seeing the sister3 of Ephraim and talking to them. Sisters, I occupy an honbra-- 1 bio position, but the great responsibility " attending it prevents my feeling proud. If we are true saints nothing" but the" true Spirit of God will satisfy us; if not, the : spirit of the world might sat'sfy. When this society was first organized by the? Pro- phet Joseph Smith, in the City of Nauvoo,: it was then almost tho test of fellowship; it was the standard of character; the name of every virtuous woman was expected to bo. enrolled in the society. I have the minutes of this First Meeting; It is a Treasure beBrother JoHn Taylor was yond Price. called to the chair. Br. Joseph and other brethren often met with usi 1 Br. Joseph said ho wished the listers to take charge of , the poor, relieve their wants, comfort them in sickness, visit the widow and the father- -' ,V less, attend to the morals of '.the sisters, r never Indulging in profane or, vulgar lan- guage, that the sisters'; might become i viours on Mount Zion.7 rV The duty of a. Secretary, is to write tho " history of the So'ciotyr writing nothing but" what is really necessary, ge tti n g the: spi rit, of the meeting, that' it may be sx faith fdr; record to those who come afterus. i.",7 n Let the sisters be careful not" to speak against Polygamy; the kingdom of ' God cannot bo built up vithout ' it. Sa nothing against the United Order, for' we shall not go back to Jackson County, neither will Zion be redeemed, without it r We have lieard much of tbb uniort arid the generosity of .the sisters ofEphraim, of their industry, but' how much thoy havoT ; done in saving souls we have not - been in-- 1 . record of the. higher- ' formed; for there duties. Do wo realize our responsibilities , And that we have as much to do with tho " salvation of our souls as the brethren? They can not save us, we must save ourselves. Many sisters think there arc no, duties but ' those of the household. But .iheso duties ! l : T ; : Sa-r,- V; " . ? V V is-n- o were all performed in Babylon. Why aro wo called out of Babylon? The sisters in Zion are required to form the characters of the sons v;ho are to be rulers and bishops in the kingdom of God. Tlien, woman ' must be educated, intelligent and holy.r "Can wo with, the contracted ideas of the world, have revelations to knoyvtliat ; Jpsus i3 the Christ? That. Joseph Smith was sent of God? That Brigham Young . I3S his success- -' or? The fruits of 'the Spirit' of God aro - 1 ' ; ' : 