.' - . r "r-- 7 .,r , ( - . v.- x--- V' tMWMwmwBiMiBWWBWMMjiB ; :' - '' i HBBMHBgMBWBBgMBSBESBBBSggSMaB1 - ... - , ', . i -. " i MiaiMt-1,,,gi,,.fty- Il ,,U.Ha3BEegM' .L.. J 'L t1-jl.- aataanE3BBMB!tiii j. WOMAN'S EXPONENT, i 149 "think td""escape4 all trials and hardships for Jhey have learned to read and write. 'there ia no: royal road to learning;' rule w iuo sciences, uur gins wno are ex- - nne points occurred in the speech which met "Fi? to as well as edu intellectual applies religious W-t- his pected; tOj at least take the oversight of the du- - wi th hearty and well Uoser ved applause. ties of housewives, if not to perform the actual Maw it rT w . cationneither are blessings promised save through. sacrifice. .i ...);. f Neither the Saints nor the children of the Saints are jet perfect; and until they are sufficiently cleansed and . purified, until they are of - f vit, Zt lhu3 J . ! JohK Ie"ne,d,h,W t0prp- - aro deseribed 3 eph E. Hewnd beautiful, Trtfofers al0ef perform. t6 orders nil cash fof. 'VmU. .ami iseeds of the worthy to dwell id the presence of the holy But how can it bo expected that a woman who . r .!...;-vior. for which' s angels and .their :UiOrd and of these flrst pnuciples ehall eook BrCehouso and ignomnt garden pUnts. reoplowhoare they pray, the process of urificition will? not iniemgenuy.. (:.(SVnIV ln!lrisf In !1fnrif rWhAfnntl be stopped. : Bat those who hold to the faith It is doubtless the" case that- - sickness occas-- 1 ,uD '4.LVJVkwu-Litnt-r- i. are uuuauiimy improvinjr. I : ; ronM.hi luiini kli v nits i iaii HKiinr in iifti ia mrAn i., . w , TneDrespnt r rna' ri ' ftl,u wl" a,s0 ,l,m r. at on Is becoming r vantageow in other re- " ,'v accomfor I", the . qualified " T5! lo communleate wlth Mr; JohnSon up- pllshmenrof greater, thines than hare been ZZZ on "s subject. t UaHeasti orth- - while to aehiered by the formeri and the next will hi. 52 . .. . .... ma n f ri within this 1'j i we snau -otlt"rtr? nave, is the fault while occasioned spme, vW,ujrauuuy entirely mountainous rcgiorr1 before sending f East j for -Mucua.au.M, ui.punecuon wnicn every through iujudicious management. Besides ildwer seeds, Ac. : r Saint is" striving to mch. I thiscrreat waste is off on rnmWrflWn good Latter-darvTtrtt MaX we riot Ifalter by thd ?wa arid may God ieruorance. oven "whero nxtnivaanrt nnf. " CJTf,,1" feo, M' heln - - TrS.rL.:.i": hSS - ' . .u , SSr,' - j t - w ij " " - y! . r a.uldin;;; nn , tramo aa.,i ternr","! w? ' - - If- some - of FLQWEUg. - 'ft and happiness, we cannot but deplore the re cent impolicy of those whose duties were to - ' If1 f xo-ua- rose-bush- es for--rae- yf,:rr - t : e " . . : nt y, - ' - -- re-wa- nis jo - , ; i ; S , apply each wise principle of our government bo that every true man - arid woman on the broad surface of this land might exclaim ."It is just .Our rights are recognized,' our 'peace mired, and yet the day is coming when ;I H03IE AFFAIRS. shall diel What then will these prout mo? secureu." liuc too truly the reverse do we see. st becoming a theme only EldebF. A. Mitchell andfamily recently- re- - ! Tebtullian saitlv ; "If thou endiircst JPeapo.' to be remembered. Uivil strife is the cossin rf I tnmeA tn thp.r hnmr In this citv. from thn wrong for Christ's sake, ue is a neyenger; the. hour.; Knayish politicians often .rule the ! Sandwich Islands. Many friends warmly wel-- 1 If sorrow, He is a; Comforter; if fiickttess, " senate, and personal merit likewise disregard-- 1 come them and are pleased to find them all in flG 18 a nysicianj ll ioss, lie is a nraiorer; 1: : t A y If life, he is a Reviver. eu. precious iiuinan jiDertyjs nangingl good health. on a tnreaa. as The Church Emigration fares for this sea : It is not with spiritual1 ' w mo 01 luuciiv, OUr thorns jaoff the in latter the material with auucipauons ones; C. the W. Staines be will agent, reports, forefathers when, they had securely planted the son, remain and the roses' pass away; in the r, dollars for fifty-on- e each from New adult Yerk seeds of freedom's progress on this fertile soil. the thorns pass ' away and -- the roses to Ogden, and about forty-thre- e dollars from , ?. The confusion of me times is almost loud Frauds do Sales, stay.T-S- t. to 1 . Chicago Ogden. to recall them from their quiet slum- -j enough 7 t antf' Wthanfc- - ' wo'iier Onb canraoTenough. to bers and excite them words of stern rebuke. Bishop M. B. Hammond., of. Providence. ful to Providence thatirOm-Umet- o time, What has become of the idea ,lBotherhood.,, who recently favored us with a call, says that no'rlaa in the snirit of a whole neonlei or ; that once swelled the bosoms of America's in Cache Valley the winter has been an unsu- - nf individuals those trulV God-likthoughts " one. There has been children. our' excellent pleasant beincr on which ally inner reposes. Hum- .beaming ana science nave laiied to make us I sieignnaing neany aiiwiiHer,wiinouc fo muculbolt. kind, just, equal. A train, and a loner train too. I snow as is common to that region, nor exces- of unscrupulous office holders on one side, and I sive cold weather. The people of Providence THE SNOW-PLAN-T OF THE SIERRAS. I of an ignored,' unlettered, oppressed populace on under the auspices the United Order; have I a own the other, is .dividing the nation asunder. purchased and I, and intend good saw-m- il "One of the grandest .objects," says rtho ; San Francisco ''Bulletin," which Beets tho Every heart longs for independence, and we I making a spcialty of the lumber business. ) our mountains' is lhol have a right to it. Stifle the flame of true am- a eye of the traveler insriow-plafor mpntfnrr m nasion t, of the filer-bition in the breast, and how mnch couM:a is ,Arttinf. nnn fiimiliar fn exquisite plant the xvhfM, ' ra3tho "Sarcodes fiangoineaV of John Tor-re, there leR? God made us all, and he never in--l wtf JL V w. vuJ.-..4w'm tho botanist. It is an inHabitant only tended for one human being to trample on an on the evening of the 22nd ult. The Firemen's of tho high Sierras, being rarely found beother. The earth is rich enough to prosper all ball from ail brought together representatives its glorious , her children, but a few are' wrapped in luxury, parts of this city, as well as somo from other low an altitude of 4,000 feet and bo seen and the many go uncomfortcd.- - Human laws localities. The remark Was frequently heard crimson spike of itself I'may tho early, isnowss in 3Iayj forcing through humanly exercised, will make a nation politi ,fWby everybody's hererx as friends after which at that period cling about the.sides pf ; ana our wnen conieniea neroic calJy ricn, friends were greeted. And "everybody" ap our pine forests, ' ; , .f to to feels accord its every son and government I V'Tho is visible i: satisfied which with the sucentire of 'the plant peared perfectly portion - and their when perfectequal rights; ' "daughter cess which accompanied the whole affair. above the soil is a .bright, ''rosy,' crimson Jn instead takes of worth, inglorious gold; sterling and presents ,the? very 'strongest con- in a d color, JGovernob short,unpremedita-teAxtell, of the conspicuous chair, influence; when of, the pines andj trast the dark green ' speech, before the - people - of- - Ogden-whi- le are meted out for the good that is actusribw. Its roof is succulent, -the of shimmer to a friend of visit on a private that city, ad ally done; when men's brains are more solid vanced thick, and abundantly frco from moisture, some and ideas which micrht opinions then will the Constitution than their purses ; attaching itself to the roots of other plants, , to noble a a as and taken be char key be to made manly subservient the good of our country family: principally to the species of tho pino of and Instead acter. ho , ladies, gentlemen members pre Kent. it was intended.Hence it is' a monrr those curious to of address citizens the ferred Ogden as 'men- of tho vegetable world which are known to ' because these are the the botanists as parasites. women and children, COOKING. . dearest words." He had always believed there "The deer aro extremely fond or it, anu No branch of practical education is of great- was no real antagonism between labor and it is not an uncommon circumstance 10 una er importance than that of cooking and pre- capital." For he looked "ujnn labor a3 the a number of these plants uprooted ana rob sentiments locomotive and capital the force that puts it iu bed of a portion of their underground gro wth .. paring food. Upon Uiis subject,-the-of a highly educated Engiish lady who is also motion." He came to JJtah to govern the by these animals.. It belongs to the natural an excellent cook, are in substance, "Alas! whole people not a fection. lie evinced him order "Orbachacca,,, and Is met with ; how these men do err, when they consider the self to be not in the least afraid of criticism, through tho whole Sierra region, becoming ." kitchen the only proper place for girls after arid said, "Men of character care not for criti-- 1 rarer as wo approach the South.".' 1 5 -- I In casting our thoughts to the grand const. nni - . . i our intelligent mothers, who We make our best use of this world when have through years of experience, observation to surand study gained a' correct, understanding of we regard it as Jho basjsjrqm jvhjch 7 these things for themselves, would establish vey the other." Ps taught tlie Hearts have windows, They should be o? I of method its various in. proper housekeeping kept open at all time3 that the glad sunshine as well as I of all that is true and beautiful in thig Hfe V useless anxietyj and perhaps ill temper might I tnay enter and abide therein. thusbe saved in future homes.. I may bo over bo HcbqvcrJsojeJy.yu: cated, ever so handsome, ever so much ad-- TliET RIGrHTEOUSNESS RULElT Liixmn rti5iT: t t - i 