WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ; - It. S. ' REPORTS. Co-opfrati- " , : - The meeting of tho; Senior and Junior Itctrcnchmcnt Association held in tho Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, Aug. 2Sth, 1875, was ono of more than or- -, diuary interest, as among tho speakers was a lady, Mre. Kimball, who had come to hear and satisfy herself concerniug. tho reports she had heard of. this people. , She expressed her feelings to the congregation, and her surprise to hear and see what proved to her so fearfully ; misrepresented. they had been: ' She ; gave some " excellent advice to the i. vo , among us. I will close with best wishes for your continued success and prosperity. sacred words and ordinances of God, but "roveronco His holy name and strive to do ' .. His will. - 8 th. Wo will ro trench from the uso of bad language, also from excessive or. loud laughter, as it is not considered good! manners, and is not approved of by our heavenly .) " . Hannah Billlings, . Sccretarv. Salt Lake City, Aug. I Father. :" We wish your paper to, increase in circulation as we consider it tho best paperprint- ; ed and think no iamily should bo without it. Yours Respectfully, 1- . 'Respectfully, , , 21th ; 1875. - Dear Editor: I - , have been so much interested in our meetings and Sunday, schools lately, that I really want to say. something to my young " 7 Roxy L. Blackbuen, Secy. : , .r friends about them. -Boys and girls, I do not believe that you them against asso- young ladies, warning ' have all got as good fathers and mothers as ; ; dating with strangers to whom they might Sept. 3rd, 1875. Levan, mine, I am sure you cannot have, or some be introduced, as many of the outside world Editor of you would not46as 1 see you:? My par-eExponent: who wero hero in the midst of this people, r June Sisters the 29th,Snow, Horne, teachMe that td keep the Sabbath day were men of no principle; men who would to Howard a ' and this ; not bo visit Barney paid admitted into the society of ladies holy, as tHo Lofd has (commanded' ustojdoi exand some held meeting, gave means not to play'nor work on that day; but very where their character was known. She is a ; r place cellent to instructions in the duties to prepare our food with" as little J labor as regard lady of very fine appearance and superior as: of wives slsters rdf the t the and Society possible, and to go to the . house of tho Lord attainments, has traveled and seen much of and mothers tho of in God. to pray and worship in union, with tho good kingdom iho world, and is well posted concerning tho J Showed a Jt the of becoining7 pari necessity state of modern society. Her counsel was. people who gather there, and then torest at said could tho sisters people; home and read good books and think about earnest, she evidently felt impressed that it - do much in bringing things about;, spoke of God and His wisdom and kindness. to retrenchment and sisters the live Now I know some of you laugh and z talk urged ' Sister, Zina ; D. Young spoko a few.words, : their on und religion, many imporabout picnicstind parties, and your pretty spoko which wero full of power and rich with ' tant wh ich a " caused renewal " of tho subjects '. ... dresses and all such things in Sunday school; Wisdom. . Spirit of God amongst .the people. Since and I presume you "do the same in meeting ' him umo our society meetings nave oeen i if you go there; t And you play and romp at Nephi City, Sept. 1st, 1875. ' union better attended a and increasing home and at your neighbors, and laugh and Meeting of tho Relief Society held Juno f us.- We havo not mado among any very ; ouin, in to. jmss jtj. it. Know and eompan- talk loud on Sunday, for I hear you. All ; great progress in ions being present a meeting was appoint-o- d establishing industries of this is wicked and 1 wish not ono of you home' riot manufacture, circumstances have at 7 p. m, tho same day for tho purpose would ever do so any more, i i r been t very favorable with tis tho "grasshop- of organizing a "Young Ladies Mutual ImPerhaps you will think, ' what right has a taken the .pers but having crops every year, little girl only ten years old to talk to us of provement Association." 'Miss Matilda E. this we have raised was year Ticton our faults? What does she know?" I can quite good "crops, appointed president, Mis3 Mary i; and we hope to do better in tho future as a A: Parks, Mrs. Elizabeth C. McLean, Mrs. tell you, know of these things because my Society.:: Many thanks to Sister Eliza R. Emma Bryan, Miss Mary Udall, Miss Mary - father and mother havo toldme,nojt be-- r ; Snow and the other sisters; may they live cause I am smarter or better than you, or Hoy t, and Miss Mary E. Harley weird cho- to assist the in about sen as counselors. , Mrs. Roxy L. Blacklong Prophet half so smart as some of you. But dear bringing . the purposes of God. burn Secretary, Miss Lois L. Foot assistant ; friends, smartness wi II, tiko nono of us to Mrs. Hannah Secretary; Grover Superin- Heaven, except .we .uso. our knowledge for Nancy Haiitley, President,; A ' . '; ..0 luuuuui, ixr, Ann iu. McLean assistant ..gOOd. Alice Tunbridqe, Secretary. ;. v , : : . . t7 Little l Sister. J i Sisters Snow, Home' and" Howard: Mrh l spoke very encouragingly to tho young; At a meeting of tho ladies of Brighton ' us to live our religion; attend to our t Ward, Thursday, Sept 2nd,. 1875, an organ-- ; WOMAN'S RECORD.:. : ?i prayers and ization of tho the "words Ward Socieof keep Belief Brighton wl3dom," spoke a great deal concerning" homo manu- ty was effected. , Much valuable instruction kr Kate Harrington, one, of the poetical 'factor also of extravagance in dress We r and good counsel was given by Sister Eliza 1 contribators to the ''Woman's Journal,'?, is V R. : Snow and - about to wcrehighly pleased with their visit, and Bishop Raleigh: . ; ?7 publish! her; poera3 in book form. think their excellent instruction will prove . ". As officers of tho Society wero chosen: narao Js Mrs,! R. S. Pollard; she real Her beneficial. Our Society, at present numbers I : Sister Mary Ann Hagan, President; Sisters resides In Keokuk, Iowa. ;4 ; fix ! tmu hundred'ahd forty-five- , Hannah Hanson Wo are and strlv-Ottilie j f Schoenfeeld, V 'Mrs. Batemah, manager, of the Ljceum-- : ing to put down round- - dancing, but we Counselors; Sister Agnes Jones, Secretary; meet with a great deal of opposition but Sister Sophia Lane, Assistant Secretary ;Sis- -' r Theatre, London," has the exclusive right to ' ter Charlotte A, Peck, Treasurer. , ; perform Mr.' Tennyson's clrama during five hope' with tho help of God to carry out r ' the resolutions we have formed. All the officers were voted in" unani- years, both in England and America ; pay--; r-''" Resolution 1st. We will carry out the ex-- ! '. j ing the author a stipulated sum per night; mously." ; ;celient instructions of those who' organized :r z jMiss i Ella, Dietz is v giving ' readings in to the best of our ability and sustain our ScnoENPELp, Secretary. 1 l England, from all the mo3t popular poets; ; president, also the Bishop, and tho author!-- ; I sho is commended highly by the press there.' ties of the church, by our works as well as? ' Sho also is ; - our faith and prayers. takinjr tho leadinir liartxiri a j i . 1 Editor lr; i -- Exponent: from tho French and adapted taken comedy 2nd. Wo will attend our meetings also ' by herseifX Tho pieco Is Interspersed rwlth : tho Sabbath meetings and school as often as ro Relief oftho Societies f ;: songs,' which she herself has set to music. throughout tho .circumstances will permit j r t v wwu a She must'certalnly be 'a lady of uncommon. t iu rciauon io me j 7 Srd. :Wb will encourage and sustain Home ! ours of progress may not bo? genius as Aveir as superior culture arid 'attaln- Manufacture, bo plain and neat in our dress, Wo are doing reasonably ; wellunacceptable. : ments dt present dispensing with all "superfluous trimmings. have an ,Wo efficient corpse of officers and a I ; 4 th. NYo will abandon tho reading of nov- At the, commencement; in :Cazenbvia, ' Our good in our spirit prevails meetings. and all ell New light literature, and improve our1 York; of an old Methodist Sphool which book3 show quite a fair record of our finah- minds by reading the church books, hews-- i has Just celebrated Anpapers and all good books that will cultivated Miss Jenrsha niversary, Loomis.took; tho , July, considering the difficulties we have 7 the mind and improve our manners. of scholarship of one hundred dollars; to encounter.- We havo collected prize had in 'S and the1, four, scholars next in 4,:5.tn.;".V will not speak disrespectful of tIme any rank . were cash to the amount of $140, also one, and will no longer indulge; in jthe un-- l ; ether articles . girls. , Thi3 is noticeable In a' school where : amounting to $18,50, bcsldo r: u f practice of round dancing.- healthy ;the majority of pupils are boys.- for tho poor and needy In our midst caring ' Cth. Wo will not uso" tea and coffee nor We have been visited at different times dur. . any strong or rdririts but" keep the1 ; injurious ing the summer by slaters from the' City, Wii aro usually capable of greater things "J words of wisdom that wo may' receive . and have received much excellent instruc-- r than Wo 'perform; - wo aro 'sent: into: the that arc promised to tho faithful. wo d. feei eneoura-eWoVld with bUls of credit and seldom i!?a, 7th. Wo wUinot speak draw lightly 0f tho! Tho Exponent is evergreatly a welcomo- visitor to their full (Jxtentj i; Jf 1 . s 1 . "'. 1 : . . ; , i : . nt - - 1 $ i ' self-sustaini- ng ; ' ; : ' '. . , . - r: ; - I " i - - ) , i r . ' . f -- - ex-short- - . ed I i : -- I f ? : r ; ; ; ; i ( ? ;' V-i.- - . ? -- 5 :7"t ' i- f -; r ; " its'seml-Cententila- L ; - -- -- f " -- ' the-blessing- s : - hh - i 