WOMAN'S EXPONE -- N T. WOMAN'S VOICE. DIVERSIONS, by thinking there is plenty of time form. To-dais the time. ' 'to re" y moixtaixovs event Andes election. The Exponent, is my favorite paper: I 3IAKY- Stuabt..-Richmon, S7o." April 0,1 A "baki3 custom" Shaving off realize how unfit I am to write, still sas all th beards have been invited to do so, I trust I may Tn e s c 1 1 oo l m a s t e eta b e o a d : The great Scouts or The Plain Men' who sneer benefit myself, and I ask my kind readers epidemic has reached California- at at homely women. fto.be patient, and not think I write for no- - !. spelling1 Sim Jose. San Francisco and .other last, and A.MiLEEX writer ys of us-tice torietyf but bceaase it isitduty arrd femffujp.Y.;- having considei5hle7iiiexriment. worth a ton of theory-- ' pleasure when my simple thoughts can do spelting matches, as people in the ' had be fore them. An exchange' East have ; to one of the least. I take What month put.-- on more airs and is any good eveii in St. Louis, recently, a. number of that calendar-Marmest aristocratic 'oi anv' in the ch, great deliglit in " " reading our paper (if I may says well-kuocitizens contended in a spelling he aHeift'ed tosay our) and I really be- match. p Reavi3, ,tbe capital removal man, A ioke .with i;ore appetite thatr grace lieve if the young ladies' in Utah .were to on the went down word'. "cap! toiian ; " atr tip a 'Chinaman's pigtail in 5Un- Franeis- -' read it more, and leave trash alone, fewer; editor of the Knapp, Republican, was a. Jew days since.' would go to ruin.' It makes my. heart ache crushed sat down amid .and' by Laocoon,'' A New Yov paper' speaks of a gentle nvnr when I realize how reckless and indiffer- shouts of derision; Carl Schurz collided fain-- the cities and vil who. was quartered at a hotel but does nut ent the. girls are .both tally with "pianissimo;" Henry T. BlowI between' much difference see. lages; pari'not tell us whaf became of' the quarters." was vanquished by "tempestuous:" Cartz he two places, le-- seem o thinkthat Brown was floored bv cosmographical;" ex-lif- e If they would put the ladies on one side of time to is long, and there is CougreSiman standard succumbed to "may-prepar- e and the gentlemen on the other side at a spell for eternity. ' plenty Xhough . who knows all atai Captaill Ea-dmg match ,Quil says one would know which there has been .Retrenchment Associations nhnnr th.. :nuinniv sjae to bet on. organized it has caused them to reflect more spell peerless. duU4- - as;- - daughters pfOil asfcang a servant .upon-ik-eif uv.wi cleared the snow off. with Many girls every year marry those 'who alacrity, she care E VEltYDESCBIPTIOX not for God or man, and who cannot replied: : OP save themselves, much less assist them in; C L No ma'am he used a shovel.'' G O O . B T S OTH IN SHOES, the work of redemption. Bo' girls who of love received fresh A"D act thus realize for a moment what they are ' GENERAL' DRY .GOODS. in the ease of a Muntreal girl who Some will say "I would raUier. doing? suid tier new bonnet. so that her lover mjght o; marry one of our faith, but then iL I should duv a pair of skates. Socks.-- ' chance to love one opposed ' .tfiTf I shoyid Sjjtdal'y in Gloves and Jfome-mad- e Tjipbest defense of Iyinglhaisve ever certainly be tfie wife .of the one- I loved IS Fine Line of LADIES' CORSETS. road is therrwnark of Charles Lamb, related whether he were Gentile or Jew,"" ""Religi:8 gu iiunt,.mat "tru.tn is precious, and on.' they'sny "should not interferew-her' io't to be was'ted"oti happiness and the heart are eon.cerned,"and everybody." 9 East Txirpi.E Stkek'.- A woman who "applied for a if one regards lo ve1 as many do they, might t 'Iitu.tiion as ear .driver, being asked if she be justified. Yet am inclined, ta believe-tha' . H. DINWOODE.r such if were"fo live persons prayerC'JU maniige mules, sooMfuJIreplied, "O fully and humbly before our Heavenly U'iiulesale- & Retail FciovIttke c'. U I can, I'vehad two husdands." Dealeb,.. Father and keep the company of Irue saints Sl'RI.VG I ts', am WIRE BEDS. afraid have FEATHER been'forget-Jir-r-me,MATTRESSES, you 'John, woulTJ not lie" troubled with the fitful they WALL AND BABY CALRI AGES. PAPEii said A. bright-eyeto her passions formed for strangers. Love i.- pure girl sweetheart the other day." 1 and holy and I cannot call this feeling love. To, 77 and 70 First South Street, befrcec-- East "YStie, have been forgetting you these" ' hvt years." '...'. , and Temple Streets.. Lovejs. an attribute of 4he Deity and is RoeiicsTfE.fl.irt offer' 'had an of mar- rarely .fromed instantly, and it can only ho ,A riage the other, evening and rushing to .the founded on true merit,- as I understand - it. CLUB RATES. bail she called up stairs:' Mother! am,. I en. A'et the nairie "Of tlds sacred feeling has . . . v. . v. m .LetcrinhicJ tli&t iiotliing'fibahT:e witEtlng on theY-argaged to anybody now?"-- ' i'i till.. Unhallowed Lf.ve would eTerseek PabJishs," to increase a&srirtulittioa of- the" passion. M ban'eroft, the young 'Lady who was ExroNEXT to 82 aid in promoting to not or ruin bless, jecls contempbring disgrace. lately' married to Count Tziecuzksi, has now lated-la &d expor' some ladies will "One making. itHralj' Again it8..iaU'oM,y young 'say,got a mam e which is th.'. Dearest--approac- h ueat the views of the women of Utah, ecstaiiied bj as a as an well Gentile indiffer marry might to the; phonetic spelling of a sneeze that ent Mormon." I do not know that there is tlM;m,.read i j Ilium, auoits co.'umcs enriched with a nas yet been made. , wiuciy circukaca expression or mur toonctts, wcsotcr '' any necessity-odoing either. In 'the "firs tlic i follotrlng liUtal tcmis. to clul-- for tLc prcstLt t a said lady, "step Over and see pjace.iLjs tne; duty of every woman to liBjj3ny," hooldMrs. Jones is this morning.'.. In a be a saint herself, then if. she is carefufin unit-- : - 1 10 copies; ilh a copy to tbe getter up of yiar-few rnrutes Biddy returned wdth' thejinfbr-matio- her choicei she " may get a huslsand wlio feels - $13 00 tlic ciab. that Mrs. Jones was seventy-twthe same and even should she be so un 15 cupics, 1 year, ith a ccpy to tLe getter up of years, seven months' and two days old thai forfana-to'as't'ZCH.Q. get one who is not' worthy, CO tiiceiuii, l.Jv, morning. copy to.tLe xrttcr.cp'cf her motives were pure and she commits no 'cdpl'e?, i'l year, v'iVitt 1 and f fined 12s Iti ' tiieeiuh, .acts sin. wiien she in open rebellion against "'HaeloaV there, how do you s ir.cties, of PriSfeut Brigtatu I'tucg, your. the commands of her Creator :. ooa;-is ' price, S'i.oO how great l i ner ciniareu, and 0 copiM, ljcar, pib a copy to tLc fetter tp ti iier sin agonist nersen, "IJy the cord."' the clab, and.a superior TfS't proof iu.fl ... ' the laws God. I low long has it Ken of The man to. whom she . '.,.-- -'1 . Brict.-arcut?"' of Toutp, y her be life 4S m gives "Four feet." may really an honorable fraised, (ciiicg, pnee ;4, "I mean how long has if ...been "since you man, a. good citizen possessing, many good Clat can 1 coincf;ccd at, ny time, and adaitioae ' h traits of character: still he is unworthy to cau It made after tic Crttiitt of dsems etuf. I; be the companion of a d "Xo lvngc? tlun'if is now." daught- Gcttcre up of r lub9.Lo'ul3 uotifj- us cf ILcSt Uilcntiuaa er of Zion. Our' friend "Beth" has idvised so that wc caa credit fheui wlitk.t,!! iiamca tout in. A ctlE'Eeatei gives the condi- all, not to i.arry without love, and while I Ia allcaee cUfC'Uie tame a:J- reIdccce of ach tub- tions Under which women of difTerent nam-readily endorse that advice, I would add, fcrilcr, pdiuVi-- and correc if y wrilUE.-Wit- n w l"C tionalities aro fond of their husbands. and for wb.eii Letter b cacti tu!frr:tiuii be sure you know who you are loving and A French woman if he is . a vtjk'6i$ or talf ycar;N v . or chivali what witty the foundation of 'the sentiment? rous. A German,, for. courtesy." A Dutch Don't fancy you must marry or.? you have Moricyira'a le remit ttd lj .rer'f tcr'cd Mtcraf tie ritk ' woman, if. he des not - disturb her comfort no . ?' tie clright to, because of thii miscalled too much. adin-'woman, if he. wreak ing. Keep your heart free', to receive the 5V?r'-clat;cd. frora cc dclnr.g tie vengeance era all who .displease her.' An afl'eeticn of the noble and Post OiT.ce to aotLcr-Sot;Itend tltir .Irrnc as renumavl just, Italian, if he is dreamy and poetical. A Rus ber that this sudden tV.c!r well as addrt.se. Infant 'for a fascin-.-atin- g We t6r Etvr sisn, if he disj-iseall Westerners as fcarbar. Ut ivfr't a.Rd hdi.-- thro ii.'ut il.e Ter!- is not to give ycu nppcarance bins. . An English woman, If h succeed f ' gng tory, r.;e:iiiii.ii jd CiT.ccr cf i.'ei'f Di? future satisfaction Then ti . m V.l ai J in gaining favor with the court and EJCtie ly Hi; z t p f iu!, ty noilitv. dear :f!- - ht us all try, (f-.- I am with you And an American woman is satiScd' if he r: r ar.d TuToraUT to ll.e iHi'i-cii t nest ' just a.s apt. togotray,) to be' vxfiliy our otJT4c ceinj their iwSntnc' t i Lrrvcc lit- '" has plenty cf moneyr . . and csefuinctc gtr deceive ourselves A' 3:r-ou- .s :? , - - . , -j- ose-o-u-Bee ' i- iut-thei- r wn - - -- . - y . veOMll On,t ni.-in- - . " " The-powe- r illus-tndio- fi 5" j - f t ' Mi-sor- ni -- ". d n - - Vfc- - .AiV-.- - of-tli- - ttl -- - f s n o' o ji,:. -- sc-.li-i . ' ' T " ' . La'iid-feomel- I'rei-idei- ' j" - - tas-l-ec- true-hearte- . e tocvi-nutucc- . - : - . - ' puU'-bLcrs- .A-Spani- sh r S.c s a -- . r- r .f tL-cti- s- , '-- 