WOMAN'S EX PON EN T. bo near to superintend the work or teach ter, and it is a suggestive-fac-t was in the presence of God. No that thecold- - ;. some people would laugh at this kind of them how to begin.. Domestic economy er the climate and the longer the period of ... ; must begin at the commencement in order snow tho more evergreens; grow. Tho seaeducation. son requires just that contrast of qolors, that v I often think of the small seed then im-.- .. tor;prove effectual in all our ways. A Young Farmer's Wife. offset to its desolateness. Ll i planted in my mind and .try.to describe it : . :vto myself and others, but words fail me. I InB. N. Y. JFhe wintergreerisof life are! still moro saw by her eve, I felt in my soul, 'and I heeded and welcomed at this season 'Tho cold drives us in on ourselves, . It; shuts us. i , can't tell it. . THE THE TRUE RELATION OF, She was a mother; I have seen, I do see up within doors. It forces , us back upon SEXES. -v: women like her, and I love them. O what the warm - places of tho heart, ho mOre : storms and sleet without, tho moro closely a mighty power is with the" mother! For no conflict inT can of There real: be, then, we nestle together and draw . on tho beanti- good pr; for evil, it must be so. ,:.;. Education! Wide as the base of the pyr- terest between man and woman, since there ful sympathies and charities of human na-- y amid which towers to heaven and stands is a mutual dependence upon each other ture. There ;is a foliage of sociability, unshaken for a thousand years, is that which bringing mutual good. Neither can it bo a flowering of kindness and good will, an out-- , of sympathy "ati'd charity vhich seemr; -is built on faith in God. But crumbling and misfortune to ...be a .woman,r as so ma growth the present day would have us believe a!, never so lovely as in. the winter time, and confounding as the tower of Babel is that may be in some respects are prized and cherished by those who have which is erected in unbelief With the though her position lL Tf 7 them as tho costliest exotics of a; tropic mother is the" responsibility of laying the subordinate to that of man, woto man subordination of fact the In and gladness' iindv mirth ; loundatiori of education in the child from gaiety climeThe; from Jt3 .con versej is which- srntariebusly frorAthfitbest;-- . spring the moment it can begin to think, perhaps man, different in.kind equally apparent; both seem to ho matters natures in, dull months are r winfergreens ; before. ...... of consciousness- .- It may;IbeireadiIy:soeh that itwer faribetter worth Uhaiwhile to JYes; it was a small seed that was sown how, in early times, when muscular strength cultivato than1 any; plants and; shrubs that' by my mother, but, had that not been plan- and were held in the' high- can be .brought from the conservatory. Tho ted some other would have been. That est physical power the position of woman 6no greaFart in which Americans aro too esteem, that which: grows first may1 crowd out tho next. one. Ani- deficient is that of . Wc When unbelief grows and grows, it is diffi should have been a subordinate hardof physical build fine houses, and fill them with showy cult to root it out; it spreads, and poisons mal courage, endurance and agility, and costly furniture. Wo spend fortunes as it spreads. As it is I, have received the ships, the strength, cunning, - with wild beasts on to men euabled which copeservants, plate "and upholstery, re pictures, ;to with capacities larger ""ospelothers were tho tiaits of other things to set off our circumstances and ceive intelligence have no room for. the and with each other,because e most conserva-tiv- adorn: our state:But: sometimes we go out -prized, TruthrThey; may not have had 'a - mother to life in those barbarous times; hence of: our elegant mansion4 into isomo fourth-, to inspire them with "faith when they were idea that, woman's position is naturally story flat and find a 'little parlor: so cosy and' 'aMj athesubordinate by her side in childhood;' when thero one, has acquired the force of so bright and hope-hueThis is A great power to wield. It is a a primal intuition, and might almost bo cheery, is nothing in it to speak but a few cheap argreat thing to bo a mother, to light the claimed a "datum of consciousness.'! But, ticles of furniture and a dozen plants and a lamp of life in a child and link it to the as the necessities of existence ,havo been canary bird in the window and a bahyl on earth for three score" years and ten; how gradually modified by civilization, both the the floor, that We wonder what tho charm much greater to unite it to the heavens and character and the degree of her subordina- consists in and almost wish to exchange t to impart a light and lifo that'' will never tion have" notably changed. places without boot. It isiwintergreens.: dim and never die! Those qualities, regarded preeminently It is the art of leafage. It is tho graceful feminine, have risen in common estimation flowering of the heart i when tho world is and mere muscular superiority,and even --in- - baro and the skies are black. And it is th0 test of more of his wihtergreen thatrir wanted to MOTHERS,TEACH YOUR DAUGHTERS. moral qualifies. comparison with the higher make our homes beautiful and our lives ono ' in -in to Placo From "Woman's Nature," I am inclined to think wo are apt prolonged summer, "Golden Age." for Science the of January. abilities of the girls Monthly Fopuiar a little have ::"; HOW TIIEY-LOOK- . present time. If they could w-a-da- : . ' ys ' I -- . -7f:" : . -- ; 1 ; ; : - : i ; f liid rti 1 ? 1 : . . r , ? .. ..... t , ... home-keepin- g. : ; char-actermo- st dj . i J -- --a r 1 nil i nrA fl n fl TTin Oh TYlOrQ CrCUll lUf hnttnr ISClbV-WINTERGREENS. what they do, we should soon see a great improvement, There are few, especially The evergreen trees that cover tho hills farmer's daughters, but know how to perform various kinds of household duties. If and sprinkle the rich shades through our own. American forests never, seem so beautiful as they do not, the fault is not allas their ambitious in the winter, when the ground is bare or 3 I thkik girls just d and the branches of other as they were in our grandmothers' days not- - trees are leafless. They relieve the landgrandmothers' stories to the contrary: wHhtnndinf? PCODle are so very forgetful. scape of its dreariness and add an clement to f lip, otherwise cheer There is a time when every child is anxious ol bcautv and hono ' to learn about, everything, especially what less spectacle. . Therein ai ; something. "very1 riMepineoffif mo ther"does, and they are too' frequently-pu- grand and suggestive and clothed stands that courageous in up off until some other time. not a little tho midst of wintry desolation, 'when tho It requires much patience and Covered with a snowy winding skill to teach new beginners, but it must bo fields are rest of the forces, have yielddone or they must remain in. ignorance, and sheet and the to tho blasts. their foliage They seem when they aro grown up bear the blame. ed mother do to say to tho frost, "We are more than a Theycan't learn just by seeing must have match for your rigors;'? and to the mourning the work day, after day; they to do a piece of work well. If world they tell of continuous life and promexperience V ..rr to do, then ised renewal. them-ho- w -- mother would-teac- h to have green things to It is delightful leave the care to them, let them feel that the winter.- - A single plant in a result depended on them, they would make lopk at in the learned and at the room, gives it a cheery look. There i3 a had use what of they '" e great deal of companionship in a few plants same time tike an interest in the work. flWers in the cloie apartments of a city should riot expect them to do as well as an and in .Vae home .winter, when the sky lowers old, experienced hand at first; but praise and the prospects out of doors are bleak and by them all you can and pass the mistakescourforbidding. It is surprising what pleasuregive them lightly as possible, It will will take can be got out of. a "half dozen brown earthage to try again. And soon they muchofJhe care offmpthcrinind, and to their parents.. They Surely win te7grceh3arean""admlrab!o"in nnefnnt- dfilifht ka o tjj and whoever is fortunate enough would feel better contented at home, and j vention, them would thank the inventor in save their parents pain and mortincauon iu to have not in words. The eye and ' the when they leave the paternal feeling if ' after years both crave green things in the win roof for other homc3, where no mother will heart v , ; now-a-day- snow-covere- t " -- M I . iii Every one has a curiosity to know how celebrated people look; and so wo will describe a few women prominent as writers or lecturers; Mrs. Stanton is a handsome woman. Miss both Anthony and Mrs. Livermoro are women plain. Marie and Jano Porter were as was of high brows and irregular features, also Miss Sedgwick' ;Anna Dickenson has a strong masculine face; Kato Field has a though by-- no means :a pretty: one, and VMrs. Sto wo Is positively homely. Alice and Phoebo Cary were both plain in features, though their sweetness of disposition added greatly to their .personal appearance. Margaret Fuller had a splendid head, but her features , were irregular, and she was anything, but hand some, though sometimes in a glow of conversation, sho apBronte peared almost radiant. -Charlotte -had wonderously beautiful- dark brown eyes and a perfectly shaped head. She was small to dimin uliveness, and .was as simple in her manners as aJ child. Julia Aard woman, wearing an Howe is a with great aspect of grace and refinement, and faco carriage. force of character: in her Charlotte Bronte, Laura Holloway resembles both in personal appearance and in the sad ' Neither r hot vounsr life. can Harlan by claim Mary Bootli nor Marian to nandsome iacu-- , uiuun Tn did specimens of cultured . women, while as pleasing in -fMary Clemmcr Amc3 is just eatures as her writings are graceful and popular; Ex. ! good-lookin- g, : - fine-looki- , ng 