2 FI1TAI.LX NIGHrrCOMEBCESSED NIGUT. When the little feet cease their patter, the tpnju j ' if tbe?r1f'r,:. and eyero (oftlx close, ;; -- ' f Bka&B Y Instead of riot, all fcqtrfet ., J ' MandbadjVl)Otliaietiref '.;T 0 7 f irift ot Heaven, to mortals .rivea Ihe rift to read and understand; "Ota! greater rift; tfce rower to sif t ; Tk ttH flim iTmr t MimmnnA. n 1( Oh! i bleWed 1 ; iil - . ' ; ; I ' ' ' no lrrVine'powtpureJ ?';! nrt and Idea to 3 thoughts portray, 'Be mine the power theeerema to rather To beautify my life each day. ;. i t . TfTlorariUc Nor. lUh 1475. -- ( . ( v-- : . tjJ " Quest. : :;(', t v 4 ! , . - , , I ; approach ; s -- " Woman's record. ;b ban Lin' : TiLEi JIeVKnd L'Phe bo A. Hanaford of 5 ? . Jersey City ;recently exchanged pulpits with, her son, the Bev. II. A Hanafordit. i Littio .Falls, Tew York. , t. ; f , t; Mrss Bres, of New Orleans,4 who gradui " ated not lorg slnco ' af ' a Medical school in Paris,' has been appointed physician rto the ' Saltan's harem at Constantinople. JENNtii 3. Clarkj business manager oi the "iSoldehV! Dawb," Sad ; Francisco, who has been suffering from til health Tor Bometimb . ' past;, l3Tiow safflcientiy reebvered to resume . ;" her'r work. ! v 1 r.l til .v ".' y:V,:' ANOTiiEnvpif an's paper has been started , in Marehaltown, Iowa, called ."Tho Idiesl'.'. Bureau,1,1 by Miss Mattie San ford. One of the best ladjr students at the State Univer; T7:-"rsity is to be a correspondent- . v ! - T-jit i , il l i ; may so predominate .in "an. tndividuifts'toJ place him beypnd the sympathy of men in .. or him out its a peculiar general, and mirk ' ' ' J ; ! ' j " ! j j ; r 'e ui 41 only beings su bject- - to i ts inQ uence j 1 1 las d i beu remarked long since, the excitement j producedion Worses by the sound of horn or i.i trumpet. Bernadin de StPicrro observed the spiders in" tFe coTners of rooms where music was being; performed 'never faile of approaching the by mu' sicians, and jthatn they f never i returned ta 1 place-occup- ied ther we; qptil, the sou Mils of i i the- - Jnstru-H- , ir vorard 'Homq has t! effect a pi no upon a horseHr of observeo!.the orjilephanf, (and hefound that the. attention, ;, of these animals was' ciih;tely; fixed , by, mentSjhadased.i f 4 the hicrhcr. notes .of that, instViimentandf that their, fears brbkp out tromtho moment ' the lower notes were touched. 'A n ex peri- - upbn two ybung( eie fe, malb;; an orchestra composed Vf elevqn 'exe-- 1 eulldd Various pieces 'of; music," The' iirsef-5--; feet produced upon'thb animals wasthatVbf astonishment: but thev very soon showed1 by their motions the pleasure they felt" said a perplexed mother. it that you're not 'a better, boy?' 'Herbert," is , easy-goin- : , . Ql'Miisid-Itossea- i ! difc-tincti- on A refined ,conscientiousnes. wilt render a g society. pf;.; perfon peculiar in the the day, jPolishcd, manners and good taste ;" often seem to justifyf the charge .of. singu-,- , ; larity against educated men.., Emerson remarks, in one of his essays, that if good raanners.( were not established, an original snre to invent them. jgendemen would u) .nUi : : , m arjiftcjal support.. t,: . tthe. dispro- - Singularity is more apt to proceed fnni 'uti ' dud pride and egotisni; than Rom any baser instinct, and leads to a manner and to habits f which are. rather above than below the ordinary level. Sterne's saying: that a singular person may bo compared to a monster more admired than. esteemed indicates tho which usually attaches to singular-- ; J 1 ! K and bandages :favor defomiityi"ir is a cuV-- 1 rious I)ut undbubtetiiacttnat v tho majority of. deformed persons aro of the '.female sex circumstancex which probably Is Owipg toii the resiraintajti i dress itm posed: upon that part ofr the species frgmjtheiimistaken.no- tion that the delicacy of their, bod lea. requires.!! oi ranK uion wnom uiu ui lauy fecti of music- produced involuntary fits' Of : laugh teni .Mankind, hbweveraro hot the ft It by no means follows thabecusrfapVr4" son' is singular, ho is thereby an; bffertder u against morality,1 and unworthy or'respect ' - speaKS oi sinuiarpersbm 7; ;".o;'-jtoug- Curious ? EpFEcits pqritbn'ate development,', ot some, essential, ! Almost !ny of.'' elra.etbri3tfc''rp jthemmbh 'attributes of' humanV,naWre j ; ,. ,UULARi;i;Y,,j:,1!iir01 ' -- f j 4 I , difficult e yebugkiand.iJhieeough . fvf plough mpthropgh; ta Vji vmd O'er life's dark , lough my. course Ivstill I. j .The, essence of singularjty is ,:mmpm'i :. of-offcjl- ng ' ;r""r - in ! and satisfied myself that she ' was .able to f' speak, with fluency to the Germany French, English,. Danish Italian, Spanish, Russian ; and Swedish delegate?' p and her. boysV as j j ' Vrong;' her wiso' judgment ?r llttr - CoBSETsIli veryybun girls, stays Jand i?f alPatticles of rftttfre which res,'tin'equIy f'i j upon parts' otthb' body, ahd all ligature5 andMndagesihould be avoided j for instead' support to a weak frame, stay's - t - Eo, weira's girfsy there of evil. - . l ti-- The Exglisix LANQiJAGErrr-Th- Tl?ougl I I y putto thetest todayj; I:hadttie good1? fortune tobe hear her iijajesty at the lime,5 - spring up betweeni them, u he,, whiqh wjlijbe more sure to..lerstand the nature of HerildrQUj and. betterable to. judge anythiiigry .4 4 t i was couie years Yof understanding: she is a true saint; and motlcr they; j wise-- suffer by- this closer; tie -- . ' : i 4 rto? nlo; ther ; t of appiy.ingmles to the pronunciation of our j language may be illustrated 'in i two'IInes wherei theicombination of the letters' bn gli is pronouueed in no less than I seven differ! '? j enli vays. jy&t ai), luf; or up, ow,-ooji and H .ock..iji!4jmi'i! Urn lit ;hfVU,wst rv a Mmn i' 1 , i I ; Vnfidenceanympathylwlll Im'i MISCELLANEOUS. ' j isays: MlttsId thatthe weepj cari.ada.jci?s8 her guests,-and,ttiain Europe; and oq .One oc-- ! language spoken casion; on ' receiving' the Hungarian dele- gates of some 'learned 'wcietanioiig rriany others Wh6 attended, h4erraaj&ty addressed j these' gentlemen vin Latin) pieadioig ai fah excuse that ,Jshe had hot studied the Ian- -' guago of Hungary. - Iler skill v.as a lirrguistr J 1 -- a j, I 5 exists; Deiyveen i ; , forth!em. i' aende-ncy- . ct , Joiin-Elderk- i-.- J ndf possess; I have often wocicl0refd "ho.w my mother UVed'andetidure the' 'hardships ' sher did,1 and rearea large a farnllywltri so little to hope Tor in the future; - And here j I think is one ad vantage of 'pliirAlity ; the''!niother knows weir that'" she :canriot claim but a portion' of her husband's i time ' and attentidn, and with' none the less respect and affection for him she will . naturally ' g:ijno;hti(eand 1ij:tj twntyfi ! " : pathy.: , , f ? ooth-respe- grandxchlldreni onQhundred and. fifty rsewni i - : an ainherited; Xrqm nearly all cases Bingulari ty is to bo deplored rather then condemned and he victim'5 U and syra- generally worthy of ! f ino will -- j sunbeam? and, ways.,be. . it ready, tosee; h e brightness thrpugh; the--, n This Is really raakipg' our , own ; cloud. heaven as .we go along, in this kingdom we have many encburgemenfs and ' advan-- . will or ; w And jf -- ; i as-.the- y -- . - ! e soclalihabita. Such characteristics will gen-- , a erally be found to have been derived j in. i early: life from a bl6wcto ambition or affec-tioq- ninetyifburyears hd sixmonths probably-- ' had a i larger jjiumber of descendants than rj anyjoth fir .person id. the country. Shetwasi thomother 0 twelve children. aU of whom conducted- the Services: at hefr tfatheffri- ' but1 iU -neralj two? clergy men were spnt-forneither iof themi came,' the daughter kdelt 'j by, the coffin and offered a prayer; "A lady s who; could control her feeling under? such peculiar circumstances; and lead out ifi this ' capacity, so contrary to custom and the pre ' vailing tone of society,: must possess. un ' common strengtfi of character, and is worthy ' of( commen'datty r .!. A Royal Linguist. The Queen of Hoi- land, who recently gave a reception to the Association for the Reform of Laws of Na-- I tions, assembled at the Hagaej has' remark- able linguistical powers. A correspondent of the London "Echo," yho Was present, dark 'picture tnat has no bright h tintSjiDp redeeaiing? eatufes toi cheer "and gladden eeye a inelancholyr life! where u no sunshine enters i to brighteniup the weary struggle through this EWorld; and in .continual n stretch ot both mind and, j .. ' this Iwvrlt, hmv mnik nr annchina ma7 (ho fan. dertheTiWeayeJnvif.she-: un-- 5 sofpyp)ri'ap L -- 1 -- -. Miss Warneis nauthOr Of f iho1 "Wide Wide. World;" and other writings recently HINTS TO MOTHERS. 1 indif-(erenc- e y great-granarChuqre- nf For the Exposure. It is a 4 livedfiuntilirecentlykj :Nino are still living; Atthe iimeoiLherideath iShenhadssixty?r ,: Our1 cnargeu wiiu singuianiy. But persons who get the name of being singular, or eccentric usually db" so through some traits lessi admirableithafiHheC A of life; reserved demeanor-andwat0 tho influence;, Qf neihbooodj and!pubycj pTnipdj'.jcareJe confoiit tbcutoris iandj fashjohs;' ?elf-ab- I So rather flowers, frem other Dower Aiid iipa (tie honey bo much required. case would certainly '"a do : :'-:- Oh! -. The"inventor4inTsuch 1 ,;,fflir- v :: lrAnithWlioorHieryyeWWeft ' : ,..,u:-i- .The dear onea Ink 9 street iiepaseK;! ' t Miss Lind, a .gduate;from,thQ,Iloyal , atocKnolm, ,nas at vv"iiMHm; recently:' ; opened actass in Tremo'nt Street , Tstnn Swedish1 galled the Gymnasium'Vi It. is wiguiy rcommenaea Dy tne woman's, j ""rnal;" indeed, our opinion is that more of this soriof physical7 training would be beneficial eflectually tonqeu and girls. Mrs. Mary Small, who died in Ludlow, Maine, : Octii ethV at the advoced age of ; "why 'WelV'.said the little' fellow soberly, ' H " : lookJ ing up intd her face' with 'hishortes' blue(1',' eybs, "I suppose thrtt the real reason is that' I don't want to be!" We. think the child srave the real reason why all of us, big arid ; ",' little, are not bettor than we nro. ! ' 