WOHA N word of wisdom as given, 'walking in obedience to the commandments" will be awarded health, strength and even great treasures of knowledge, is but ameagre? promise to mothers, compared with that which follows; to which we would di- 1 s - .' - , rect attention. i ..f , , And I, the Lord, give' unto them a promise, . that the destroy i ng angel shall pass by them , as the children of Israel, and not slay them." The destroying angel, sent forth to slay all the first-bor-n among the Egyptians, passed by the children of Israel, and slew them not, And keep' the the promiseis commandments and heed the warning given in the word of wisdom, that the same mercies and respect shall be shown them, that the destroyer "shall pass them by as the children of Israel. 0 beautiful, sweet promise! 0! blessed and happy parents who can canscieritiously lay clal m vi. v to it! , . ; . : - NOTICE, 7 the postag 1 settle- will enjoy- the 'conve- ments of tJtafj nience of passenger trains running daily ohthe Utah Southern Bailroad, between this city and ' Paysoh, on and after the 20th inst. KiNo KAJtiAXimi the Hawaiian sovereign,- it is expected will soon be in our midst on tys return west. The city council has instructed May or Wells to Invite his majesty, to visit and accept the hospitalities of the city. . The Musical association', which comprises the best mtsicaiiaieirinii stand has in preparation the '"Oratorio of the i Messiah one of the finest productions of that v great German master of harmonyit3eorge icoty Fred--erick-Hand- 'r,;ui j,--v-:- iyi- ' el. 1 , " it . , Mb.; James I)wyer has iayoredus with Jan uary numbers of the "Popular Science Month. ; IJi11 ' ; : " cir-band- pf. r .r r " ua r - r. - i tered the oath of office to Washington at his second inauguration, wrote from Phlladel- Wo dined phia oh the 2d oX April, 1 795 Fiom the American Historical Record. 10-a- V'Seribners 10"-.!- ' JiiiAA6yv H.W Uu6utttlvv, V first President of the t United Stotesr he found it necessary to establish and fix rules r . ay the rresiaent ana jvirs. ? wasn- witn 1 Xr- rll, w,A . ., . - TT, ui.i t.;. nn,l AfM v der to have time to attend to his official du- Jl, fj.Mr. ; and Mr. Jilrs. and. Randolph, ties 'properly. The precedents "of monar- - Breckel, ! : UUl Ul ul enma Aim hhrtu , xirnn Af iiU" amo !i vtu gvuu utuu win tiiWnV ijaiuu a VUAC, , :iUduaui V, jauuennes were Dnmanc iWuti cua- sons for the chief magistrate assuming was the British Min certain degree of dignity, and reserve on all monds." Hammondwas the Minister '.frora occa'sions. The rules that should govern ister j Van Berckel, was tho repthe Republican court had, .therefore,, to be Holland; the Chevalier lrero and Jau'dehncs was made without a precedent. , Accordingly resentative 6f;Fbrtugal, Washington addressed a note to Colonel Al Washington "gave ; a fare well ; dinner j on exander Hamilton,telling him that it was his eve of retirement from' public lifej on wish to adopt some system as, without over the which occasion he sent out his 'invitation stepping the bounds of Republican simplic- cards for the last time. he ity, would best maintain the dignity; of the wrote to on thex2d of March, office and secure tho President such a com as a servant of. tho mand of his time as was necessary to a 1797, "at dinner, I shall, public,take my leave of tho Presidentelect, proper performance of his official duties, of the foreign characters, ttio; heads? of dearid asking Hamilton to make suggestions. etcf To that dinner! as manyThis he did about a week after the inaugu partments,were invited as could be seated at tho tableration, and to Colonel Humphreys,1 a former The late venerable Bishop White of Pennto Washington, and who had was present. "During tho dinthen recently been Secretary of the Ameri sylvania afterwards wrototoy friend, can Legation at Paris, was left tlio arrange- - ner," ho hilarity prevailed j but on the rementof the details of etiquette :It was de "much of the cloth it was put an end to by cided that the President should not return moval -th ou t:;3esign. Presiden visits:7, that formal invitations to "dinner the filled his glass, he addressed jtjio should be given only to official characters Having with a sraijing countenance, sayand distinguished strangers, and that vis company ladles and gentlemen, this is the, last its of mere courtesy, should be confined to ing 'health5. as a public I shall drink your the afternoon of Tuesday in each week. time man. I ao it witn- sincerity, wisning you Washington was compelled, at times, to set- all possible happiness.' There was an end tle instantly a point connected with official to all pleasantry" lt issaia map tears etiquette, himself. In his diary of Sunday the cheeks of several who werb presthe 15th of JNoyember, I7y, ne wrote: mko- some of the ladie$i who had ceived an invitation to attend the funeral; of ent, especially attached to the President and much v : Mrs., Bosevelt, (the wife of a Senator of become r" T " : ' , Mrs. Washington: comthis Kew xorK state) dui aeciinea plying with first because the propriety of The good boy at presents is lalmoct : extinct. accepting any Jrivitation of this soft apand secondly (though There are many boys who aro .very good whilo peared (luestionale m to doit in; th islnstance igh t no t bo - Im- they are sick, when attending funerals and wfcea bad proper) because it might bo difficult to dis- slecepiag. But at othr timesl i:iW.eil--Tcases hereafter hapthat in , criminate might boy is a fellow who will bear watcluog, Avhen of President's the This separation he does wrong ha should, be corporally ;rebaled, pen." public life from that of a public citizen dur- with a good dose of. Solomon's birch tpcis. Xha ing hisadministration, .has been .kept up of thess bad boys has becq trying to Cad a' virtu. ' His test is to hit tho' dnver: la until within the last few years." ous ;. at arrival Mrs. of After the Washington ' the head with a turnip or potato; then if he ffwears, or near the close of May' (1789), it was ar he is a bad man if not.- he is very Tirbpus. r Tha driireri-.anfound ranged that she, to, should have a weekly same boy has .tested: fifty-si- x recentiou. Accordingly' the drawing-roobutoneTirtaoasmii.j.Tbema of the Vresidenlial ''mansion was open from 8 till l(h o'clock every nuay evening ior visits to Mrs. Washington, at which .her Dukinq tho month 7of November 'thrco now Granges wero husband was usually present until 9 o'clock, hundred and sixty-fou- r ;' when he not only retired from the. room but organized In the United States ; ''To-morrow- ," Gen.-Kno- x . . aid-de-ca- mp , . Payne, was recently arrested for the shooting of another woman; by the name of Bennett, was Thebaliwas extracted and :Mrs. Bennett n ' "likely ti recover at last accounts. BecItjse SLEian riding is a healthful, lively and exhilarating atousementwe do not see the necessity ; of ihorses being ;driven to death Yet such has 1 in executing their part of been the case In several instances in this city ' during the past' two weeks; which If, to use the mildest term, shameful. c . i - TAKEaROfwonian-ihOphir.-ca- U . . to his bed, that beinjr Jiis accustomed hour for retiring at his homo at Mt. Vernon. At Mrs. Washington's reception was generally seen tne cultivated portion of society per- sons (ana ineirxramUiesvconnected with tho would taj it'T W Government, ah& all whbs social" positions our oacneior inenu aeseryea lo.Decome me nus- - j cuuueu vacai to recpgnmon rin rennea some good, loving, faithful fair onel ; I cles . On such joccaslonSvallwerb required w appear in full dress; o n, oi, 6 ' The President soon adopted the i rule of , Yfldaybymec to :ui members of Congress and of. his Cabinet, .tr . 7. ouaivu uuu wiuew JKmbassadors and other era nent nersflns. ufcsacu ujr wiucai ana extracts irom various works were read, m I who wero alwavs formally invited bv t-- tSi iL: i fm .1 Ji i i l ciuuiDg wriuugs vy voi. 1 nomas ju. jvaue ana j card. Sometimes he would have few and some- Captain uodman, relating to the Mormons. rresiaont roupg sent greetings ana blessings times many at these dinner4 parties: and to me peopie, anu uesireu a conunuauon 01 me i irequently the secretaries or ministers only prayers of tne Baints; that; his neahh mignt would be jhyited for, tho purpose of discuss continue to improve. ing cabinet questions over a bottle of wine. Mrs. Cushing, wife of Judge William Cush- of who 'adminis ETIQUETTE OF THE REPUBLICAN ing, the; Supremo: Court; ? People residing in 'the; Southern T : . ( HOME AFFAIRS : - andafter the first of January,; on newspapers must be pre paid, and at the fllce where they are mailed instead' of at . the place of delivery; and have sent to us, ten cents postage for each yearly subscriber? This new postal law does not effect subscribers within the precinct of ? this county, 1875 - . 125 j scnpuon money, ana says: Although I am an oiu uacneior, aengnt in reaamg your ex- ceiient paper, ana would go without a new hat raiueruianqo wnnoutiu ic js' onm mn, or gooa common sense reaamg? wisneyery ooay Will ouf t Agents and subscribers please take notice that on EXPONENT. S llonthly,' r- the "Atlantic Monthly" and "Harper's New Monthly Magazine." These books contain, some excellent reading, and can be obtained, any one, or all of them, at Dwyer's Bookstore, Main Street, j,, : Tnfi subject of closing balls andlpartlea. by midnight has been Tinder discussion in Borne of the counsel meetings in this city. we suggest to our young lady friends, the propriety of giv Ing their escorta to understand that eleven or twelve Ofclock Is" their time for" retiring from such places of entertalnmentr thus lending their influence to assist in a good cause. , A oENTLEiiAir of Santaquln.pays usja compliment Ho writes, enclosing Eub , J ? sur-fus- ed . ' ; : 1 , : h9 : stage-drive- r. - d m j. t 