. Encumbrances, he joins tho mighty host : , l s. Of raliaht vet'rans pt the cross who're all ; Y j. CoNjperatinsr With' the saints bn'eaiihf, And With that band ho'U shout triumphant strains. Here, he was humble as a little child, And yet as boldest lion he was bold " j And brave. Unfitachinjly he ever dared,; " : What is nordiaarj' darlaff ia , , ...iThJs fawning sycophantic age; he dared To spea the truth. ne verily is ono ,, ' ' Of God's bcstipeclmens of grcnuine N THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 1 ffTt': CCnrrXIA ST. HCIIX IV Easiness ZlAMSffer! i KALT, r IAKECITYt SEPT. V , iipiw .cjti " "nl U"w i mr hi n.m ir t ; 15 1875. in mt www want if 101 . ; 1 - -- : Salt Lake 1 . ; ; ''" City, Sth Sept.', 1875 ITniTors Woman's EXPONENT: NobIlity, ie. AJf "Peace to his ashes." nis loved memory Keedsnotof mortal praiao. His works abide; t; Aiid he, with all whose lives aro fashioned by of Sept. first, I notice an arti-- cle written by Miss E. R. Snow entitled MMbr- tal iind. Immortal Elements of the Human ; , I sincerely regret that this demand should have arisen, I had hoped that after its first pub-- , llcation it would have slept and ; never been awakened; but the fact of its, having been sd' repeatedly called for, places me under obliga--tioto 'correct the; minds "of the Latter-da- y Sainjs in relation to the .doctrine contained ' " 3 v.' i . ; therein. '.u ; ? 1 ns - . On some future occasion when r I have time may possibly take up Hie article in detail; but at present shall simply say, as the prophet Jo-sech Enilth opinion of n, so "called revelation he had writ- ' . ten, "It has just one fault and that one fault : "' J is, it is not truer" - - - " . , . : Brio ir am Youa.' v j rresident of the Church of Jesus Christ, of j - Saints.. Latter-da- y , PRESIDENT GEORGE f . .. ; . .- "A." SMITIL ' , . ; ; A friend of ' d ? he was riot yet yearsof twerity-tw- d -- 'lou!er-s'and"m6ro'.forcib- ? le.' n; - , ; - . en tb tgU tf fdith." lies ntWut lvr.c of UrkaGs.it6taM tho featu! a UL-L.t- vTh ira't luce, prejudl an--i tlsctry," Comh'ntd in forcoaraiwt Eternal Tmtb." And aor, dif rolled of frail mortality's Of 1 ! ' ; .' f ' tK-law- "Jl ' " fcaifU ' tUa , Y r? r. ; 1 ' t Excess seems to be incidental to human s - - .. ! " ".. na-tur- e; and' wherever there is excesi reactioVjs sure to follow: it is invariable the world over fta t extravagance is ruinous toany nation f 9 any people, to any society , family oz person: Thre is, the "samel result . whether it is one country, or another; people afe'ready enough to" acknowledge this, and yet"they are'proneto sec the mote in another's eye, witliout casting. the beam out of their own. Keiort tells us of partners ruining their firms by extravagance of ladies who dress so expensively, live so luxuriously that their husbands; capital is .riot equivalent and-iconsequence by and .by comes a failure, a bankruptcy, or sometimes worse, a fearful suicide and all is over, "Who is to blame for all these things and who Is wilI-- ; ing to step out and head a inform? Ht re and ; Tho wreath which menVry twines"for llm, around The warm affections of the saints of God, ' WJll still bo bright, and fresh trlth f rajracee,. when The taRcat, rroudest monumental spires That ffncatb tombs of earthly royalties, . Y'" ;Karecromb!ed Wth tho wtth'rtnx etroke of Time,.' IJe tail hi mirk i tMTjor'atjpvatd pathj'Au4 L:j mp!e is, to thosa ho luves, , NEEDEix' A ItEFORM : 1 . -- ' ; , sentiments -- tKeir-owncbn- that age speaks to the mind of every intelligent per-eonln a language than the highest euloglum of praised He has traveled extensively 7 to7 preach the Gospel ;aV home and abroad ; anil has HeW many fpubh tsiUorisbf trust and res . As a fitting tribute to the memory: of bnersb? faithful and beloved, we can only say e f hai lived the life of aRtJE Saint, "andi Itteray" thougli he has passed: from mortal sigh this1 w'orks remain as an everlasting memorial bf his;fame whicli no change of time or temperature can ever mar or deface.. 'Anil to the be reavedjtherejs comtyrt "Jmmeasurabieln the contemplation of such a glorious life and h surety of an immortal if they follow his examples and instructions. - ; : ' r 'I .":! v ' i f 1 : fna deep, sad icasp of loneliness - v Felt lathe soft and BoothlDjrwhlstHnM r Of twil!jht zcphjrs as they f ently more, - And seem la mournful reouhim to rb.mt " .." The fiolema fact,' tpexli volumes to the heart. ' '; He is not Cead; yet, death has done its work; It caijie, tut not la FhatllneesJt as A klodly pcater eet the 'Qte3 Ajar," And he eterped fortbt iearkur the ticemeat A fcresthless cor, that elunbera ia th tomb; TTn:s worn end wrary and It needed rest. No faith, nor prayers, nor tho heart-y- c arnings of - ' The ktin? and beloved, could longer Und That talgb.tr spirit ia an earthy form. Jersey Lo Cuuld be'iueath. jibe t ,'VUhflruiutfritj,Ucf!!ccU2riy ' "J i i Wildfire Irorn'jfemi -- city to irom one settlement to anotherj la wimiryaiiu fact tno" cities rule, silently, it may be but wherever there is a larger city or," town all the others ape the manners, the 'practices good, or bad of this leading town. So it remains if In Salt :V Lake, City they,; begin to 'economize time ,;means land .expenditures', the lesser magnates will act after the pattern they set. It is several years now' since It ha become common to hear the remark made that people outside in the settleriients'dreaded to let their wives br daughters come to this centre 'b take of Zion, lest they too should be carried away with vanity and the fashions of Babylon; ; Mary J. Stafford Blake iri conversation with us remarked, "wliy I; am; surprised 'that you have not advanced farther' in '"dregs' reform'? living out from the world, 'why," said she "I, saw -- ? r J . . , dwells beyond the bounds iVaf limb: ario! space)! This people profess to worship s reaX God with a positive Dodywno must actually, have nosi. tive space to dwell inu Why when they have icjcuiw uu iuureu meir views rana on the most important polufsV should they allow themselves to be led astrav bv th little things which are so small arid insignificant in themselves': Truly it is 'Uhbllttlefbxesthat 'T ..' ',' :rY. spoil the vines. Unless they can entirely eradicate the feeling that is now existingihat jt is necessary for their neighbor or friend to reforra,while theyare themselves exempt, they can never expect to produce any permanant goodf wfiere' shall the reform begiri? Expressions like these are useless, my friend snpnds such extravagances, or has some very glaring faults, but we have not been extravagant in the least, we have kept ourselves aloofifrom thesexcesses To work lipon this principle is folly, because let every piersonf be: their ovrm, judge, ihey are nearly or juite perfect: I' But" if they will begin to exainirib intd dition instead of that of their neiub?s? weeo! their own gardens" instead of nechini ovpr th nuvvw.Bfe now last ineir neighbors jweeas growythen they may anticipate tbnccmpiish-meri- t of Some thorough Work and iy reforms tiori thus cbmmebceo will extend by imitation if nothing rther, for it "is so natural to Jry to imitate each bthetnat it would spread Jike , 1 -a friend of man- -a kind And lorlnff husband, fdther, brether, alntf v ; : Has rone!, God- Z . President George A;. Smith, 'First .Counselor to President Brigham Younsr and cousin to Jo-- J eeph. Smith' tho prophet; departed ' this life! AVednesday monii ng eptem a long and tedious illness T?hich he: bore wi th almost' unparalleled fort! tude patience and' faithV He tobK a very severe cold early in the! Spring soafterhis return fromS trGeprge Which was the original bause-b- his severe Jill- -' ness.,; Beceased was born at Potsdam St. Law- ranee Co, Kew Yorir, on the 26thf June 1817; J His tntire life from the day? of his boy hood un- tU the time ot his death; has been devoted M the building up of th'eEirJgdom Of Ood upon; tho earth. There is a historyiJ-eccrdein the, very drcumstance of his being chosen as a member of the JQuoruni of the Twelve' wlien' : . ; j: , xixgTj A xi. tsr V::.. fe-unio- DEDICATED TO II 1 3 FAMILY AND FBI ENDS. -- : ' s, v- - -- ; were so interested" in it's statements, arid it had been so often called for that republication was decided upon. !. - 1873. t-- 4 - c; The 'unadulterated Gospcra mould,, TTiU livo eternally where God shall reign. Salt take City, Sept. 11th, 1 1 v - - ' We're pfroUd to know he was and is our friend. In your issue Body," republished from XbV 13, Vol. 2. of your Journal. The cause assigned for its reproduce tion In your paper is, that "Saints and strangers '1 H02VEST MAX. " eci j i ,. 4?taw .r ill .Miiiiuult 1.. onrAV i xjsuicuijr ub uiiw nucjr Should rational beings and accountable far their Mvva,uuuncu jj ucavcu .niiu ovU' wonaenul powers of .reasoning,. sense, ande. judgment, allow themselves to be3rawn i n to habits and practices which are in their dovelopement ruin- f nnr Mini i ricsri rrT ati miern rv ' for tneiins'! atterl'ay Salnis do not, tbllow! the custom of the worldj jn worshipping .Qod nor in attributing to Him . a vSpherej for they -worship a God without body parts' br- passions (and by the by we have often wonllero! how uver-Duruen- . ' ' ' : n , ;lherauricmsy;Undertako it alone,' but' what influence' havo they, what support is given tuera, how are their feentiuicnts and opinions received? Tiie generality of the people-wil- l tay custom and society are io blaiuef".'theyf Voor inanimate things will have much to au- - just as much style and quite as many laces rib- bons and flowers in your tabernacle as I should see in an asiombiage of a like number in Kew ' .' V York5 or Boston.' ", Y, Men will protest both here, and c!?? where 'that woman ii causing this extravagance, that her insatiable vanity, and love of admiration, herde3ira to outd or surpass her neighbor in all her adornments of person: or style, is the leading or primary cause of barikruptcy.and all other evils brought about by. expense over in- conic."-,-Me- n JxaVc actually; frightened' them selves intotlie bulicf that it is unsafa to marry, .it will require eo much to kecu their, wives in gewgaws. Well whose fault is it? Is It not their own? Whom'do men choose for their coin pan-- ; ions at balla, at operas, at theatres and else-where? "The hiouable stylish yoiiug lady, no ' ' '' -- , T . . . . 