J JS2 v lady occupied a fit-il- ht "!.. ' Why tbls toil for triurnphof fin hour? " "- Life's a short sermon turns wo catch brulTand die, thf-ita- l The cradlo and tbo tomb, alaslo cjgh. ' - ; - Bjjf- - " ; Prior. j scvvell. ' Spencer. are ' ' dumb. " . The bottom is but shallow whence the, come. .;, isir . tour fa'e febut the; common fato ' ' yv of all; alter luieteh, f his proper CVmcisfc. Black 'ceuient, for consists of pitch hardened; l;v tho addition of resin ' 'and briekdust. ' . ' To Clear Water. A piece of alum as big as' a hickory nut will render clear a pail of muddy water. dissolve the aluia.'sti-- and allow the impn,-- " v .. rkies to settle, -- . -- Kve - ' j i. T,,.:, ... sjh-re- , ' . i...... hardthickness, make?, when spread on plates ened, a glue which can be Used ia the ordinary ' ..'.' way, and will' resist heat'. To. Stain Wood. A good" walnut slaia fir ;wood ' is couiposed, of wttttr one quart; washing soda one and a half.ouuces; .:Vaudyke brown, two aud a iiajf outiccs; biehron.ate of potash, one fourth of an ounce. Boil for ten minutes and apply with a brash, ' either hot cr cold. " a-- . , i ' I v ' , Southwell. . P each allots '.'-.- liottl'o.-corji- been working beyond your strength, reeppnsibili- ties or capacity,; avoid all avoidable worries, Cungricv?. and unwholesome excitement or, dissipa Korfuhe makes 'folly her peeuliar care. tion: seek the society of healthy, kindly,-Churchill. ('itstcTn doth 'feu renon C'vei'i's!;:,: sensible people. Your occupation should Rocbcttci". bo useful, healthful and fairly remunerative. " Aad throw's cruel sunshine on a tool. as much as you- can in the fresh. air Live ' . Arinstr.ODg. without exhausting your strength. Wear Live how Ion? or short permit to heaven. to allow access the to of ; Mjiton. 0 ;:dr clothing, light who forgive met shall 'be most forgiven.; the skin. Take occasional Turkish baths. and .""' 'Bailey.-Si- Use vegetable food with your may be clasped so close wo cauuot see its fuce, while you partake of your food be surround- French. ed by cheerful influences,' .and- it Vile intereo'ars whsre virtue pi sice, more likely to agree -wi.th you. Sonnnrrv'illc. Then keep each pa.ion down, hoivever dear, TirE'iiEAr.f. An, eminent " Thomfom..' IExebcise fop. Dr. 31cCormac of Dublin directs Thou pecclahim betwixt n smile, and tear4 physician Special attention to the danger "of giving Byron. Her secsuai sa'araj let faithl.ss'p'.ea'ures lay, too little exercise to the', "heart. "To those who functional labor under afto skill and ruiu and With craft ' ' not in fection, . and excess, walking though rCrabb,-.. not too fast, or too far, over h i ly 424icq ual Soar not m high to fall, but stoop to rise: Mass! '.. Hirer." surfaces; but swinging the arms unrestrained We masters grow of.afi that wo despite. air is the hestlox-ercis- e by bond or. stay in Cowley. cf any.. This' develops and strengvh- Ub, tbpn, rcaoupco that iihpsou? ens the cardiac muscular fibers, and aer . ;it: Rkbes'havc-winjrsates the blood; at the same time fat is spar and grandeur H a dream. ingly developed and coupled with cautious Think not Rrftbi'ioK wjsc because 'tis brave, and abstinent habibs the heatt's action bc- ' Sir Walter rt.tvensint. comes reliable, even, and equal to all life's but' to the grave: v The paths of glory .. proper exigencies.," '. Gray. ambition'? 'T;1 cheat. aiojJ jus Uron thn nnali' v .Eatixg vruit WiHis fruit its value aT 7o(kl',"To'l h'" 1 ii its depends Only d'Structive tp.the brave fnd great. fAddison. and its being the product of ripening, What's all the gawdy glitter of a croVn? we should not ,.be satb- parentage; healthy Oryden, With s fied an.inlerior second quality, vhen im not oft.b. fif down. The way to .Franc's Qt.rn.rles. the superior first class could be obtained. How lonif we live, not y. ars but aetious tell; Care should be .taken; also as to- - the method Watkins. ... of clrying. None but the product of a Ih it man lives twice who lives the most life well. healthy growtn and matured development Herrick." can be sufficiently nutritious; such fruit will yetyt'Kay.-yourtlpt'icd'. 1hyn,Vhl.re your '' be relished as no inferior kind could possiWilliam Mason. Whom Cbriftainfe woi thip, j et'EtCr.mjIK hen t. be. The distasteful and comparatively ' Hi. bly, trust The that's yiv-- gwvl, and to yourself fifpless should be rejected, X'ook it as we . raay, .experiment as we w ill, the results are . dia wc rrst- For live we how we m.rt unsatisfactory. During .the winter time, Shakcfpcre. the blood boeomes more or less depraved by the conceiArated aud highly carbonized food, and fruit is needed as a counteractant, HYGffiNIC NOTES to supply w$ system demands for " sub-aci- d ' fruits relish best: and. to the health; J CuLDs.Among.all the preventives, of nritural appctu.ithat which tastes best is Gold, we would recommend the thorough . .. v pi.o ablution the over entire morning body, with ,j .0,,., mucn iriciion. it seems to prepare the skin HOUSEHOLD HINTS. to resist changes of. temperature. ' .;! Nature shav- Tutit of--wat- panic'. "f Longfellow, CiiiningifiJ joys here no man befall; or -- a tragedy; lfgfef circs speak when mighty griefs '.' fiti0 to boil with wrinkled appear like new, sponge on the surface five or six part? of water to. one of wheat, with a weak.SolvJsor gum arable or white glu Cover close, anil after it commences boiling and iron it on the wrw.e side. . - set it where it wilt barely simmer. Cook it To Polish. PI ue. Oac ounce each of muriate of . four or five hours, '.or 'if hard it. will require still more time. When done it should be soda, cream of tartar, and alum' boiled ia a gallon.. or juice, hicri thickens of water, gives, plate a beautiful whiteness.dr-- Dip even full arti-din aad rub mixture,' md becomes ijelatincus while cooking.- ItTc Good Gltie.A handful of fi'iickliaie, 'mixed in can oe ,euien..uy iucu urserveu wiin erean,. four ounces of linseed oil and boiled to a 'good sirup, or. milk. ' ;.frb;10. i. a" men's life may seem ings ia them. ' . T BOILED W1IEAT. waH it mlepiiT waTei far than not to be, To be better .. ' casks- may be'purified by burning. - f "' '. g good air." Dr. Johnson. - . and-.breathin- Vouny. - is but a flower; man " By ; life. , a'U' - . learned Dr. of Cambridge to take .good care used lo tell his of .Cambridge out of the third milestone to to go around it eve'ry day sse.that no out1 no carried it off. While maas could. expect materially to alter his physical cpnstitutton, it might be conserved, and strengthened; and chiefly, by exercise, healthful food, encughand not too- much, whole year in searching for and lines fre m.Ene-jivand the following thirty-eigAmerican noetF. Thowhole reads a'fise't as if H l.nd been wrUfVu at one time and by one Autljoj;.,. A ENT. A "Walking. A LITERABY. CURIOSITY, r ON W Q.M AN . . V ' - For Wasliing Calico To wash calico without f:aing, iijfase 3 gills of ' salt ia 4 fjuarts of Water. Put ia the calico- while the infusion i is hot, and leave until the latter'is cold.' - It is said that in this way the colors are' rendered periianeut and will . . bng-no- ' t will' j not fade by subsequent, wasliiug. " Fur Washing jColored Cloth, Before washing almost, any colored fabrics them in water, each gallon of which a spoonful of oxgall has been added. A tcn'cupful of dye ia a 'pail of water is said to bii prove the color of black goods. A strong" tea of cominon hay will iinprove the color of French linens. Vinegar ia.the rinsing water, for pink and green will brighten the,' colors; and soda answers th.3 same end for both purpb.and tdue. s-- ., , 1 - the-ope- Sflf-tsteti- u; C'.'tt-pf-r- . ! . -- . " WH-- s ', , M'-ke- ' , u ! ' ' -- Dried Apples. Quite a number of 'good things" in ay be made from them. Fur .pre s. ryes,. taKO iXe apples, soak them overnight in. rath; r lucre than enough water to cover them;"in the morniog-boitheiu till soft, then, add about as much sagar in a there was of the apples bcforeK)aktug, ana. e."-- k u.:.ul tney look' clear; season with Union, or '" ad you do the" sugar." 7" ! V, , . k i For Pies. Strain through a'colander, sweeten, d with lemon and bake with two crusts.. dried sweet apples stewed with, peaches-arDried apples an iaproveiflentto th.3 peaches. ought always to be soaked over, night bofo beOne-thir- sc.-so- . - "" ' ing stewed. For Jelly; '""';. f Soak one 'quart of -- oppl.es-in quarts of. water, ov.er nightjbeil until t)ie apples are soft, strain the water off carefully and to one . quart of juie'e add a quart of "'sugar and boil it ua-til it jells'. the apples are nice, you may swuct-e- a them and they will do vary well for sauce, especially if you hare a little lemon to put in tUt but you can use apples for this that are not the table. In looking ever dried apples to stiw, throw 'all that are" not ia a dish, by' them- selves for jelly - - r r Jf fit-fo- .first-cla- ss j " ' - ' "Lelmon- juice for diptueria. To Chan Jewels.-rSo- ap Bnd water is ' ha lest Large quantities of pure lemon juice, as a gargle ruaterial for cleaning jewtlry,;for diptheria, is said to have been used To Improve Whitewash,' A strong solution with RnfCPS5 in tbo rnciife rif T T?ci-nt.- , of magnesia gives, a beautiful quality during a period of eightecrTyenfr. Jt .is!0f sulphate vviwiuij jn; lhuj a, uu'j luum 4101 iO-f - - -i- I. nana. . . - - - l . j - Tg Clean Casks. Ihn;eM lutttr, pork '':' aud lard The first sweet flowers,-tha- t baby Susa's hand had ever been permitted" to command, she pulled to pieces gently and. with care, she scattered-thenabout, and here they are! For tenderly the scented leaves we took, and here secured thein in a valued took! ' And they are "precious now and dear to us, for Lina'a little one arranged them thus. ' With Jier fingers, dimpled, white' and small-Sh- ' e sweetest flow-e- r the "- purest, - L. of ail. :: i - . " . '" 