1, If "njft' 1 '5 ''! V I'li.? V .1 efAI!iEMN E N.T. J organized .now' for several years and nothing them, and their aim is to advance in the ban of ridicule, burlesque, or censure. Yet ihea-ve- n of tthat kihd.HtiadU ever? yetushown itself tin Icnowledgef'cthseHhinWnjich'pertain'-.tfrom motives worthy the approval their .meetings. ,. , itself, somo of them aro willing , to facd , lifel and' salvation.' They receive; .eacourV ,i; f j ,,A public opinion and eriduro'thcr frowns; and jagenient frt'.thapresen ; lUesuri-shahvysi felt .in these aeeting3r r'f lrrs . rn.rwfrlt RfpN frn"mri tirrin Itortimoi! hi 1 i Hp 'sarcasms of their ndarest and deafest: hu-; ; said slie.Jia( been edified by .the ininutcs of Missi Sarahs Smilhi the secretary, siiows friends; In the'libpo? of benefiting the the yoting ladiesj spoke of the diligence of rapid, imprpvpmenjt. in the position which man iamny, uoiu.m uvmaw wwo iJ14 ' . the.s.isters in thQ South in working for the she. holas. ciples they hoddr qnti have espoused. , r,,,.. fM.(il.rn ,.;,.(. brethren who were, engaged; upon; tho ; tern. "Eyerything wnich comes in .contact 13"With; de- -; custoiri '. Beavek Gift, XItaii Tun.,. . tradition andlOngeWished :ple, and ofthe joy she feli when she heard 'r rock had i cidedlyunpbpuiarf and ;thbswho leAd" out was pleased that the young ladies were Peak Exponent: . In any now channel bt' thought or faction; . .rfj , abandoning?th& &)uhd dances believed they i The Young Ladies' Retrenchment Asso- must expect upposuiou iu ui vuiAiY.y. were injurious. Sho 'thought we should ciation of thi, place held a mrty in tho'Rb form, and from all ImaginaDie sources. Aim avoiduJobtecausb bftne anxiety! it causes lief Society ihouse on Siiturdayi l3thl inst- alas! should a mistake bo made, or. a failure ladies met iffari infantile attempt,1 the cry is raiaedatf-onc- e, nMndaand fathers that was one reason At twaoxlockiipm I why wo should encourage home productions. to hold the ir regular meeting; whicte com "thoy ero radically and essenUaUy:.! Counselor Miss E. R. Snow said she tinued:uhtll''half ;pas wrongjLwhereas alWhosewholri. the pep jiz: tno JTormance of any given obj ect. have arrived ' notlntrude upon1 Sisteir M..Iyde,s anr intermission of two hours. I would timesaid Sister SraitOn remarks had parents and friends of the members having at an distinction, r reached .any unpretouchpclj upon an. important suJbjecthpme arri ved . th e: exercises wh ich ; consisted of cedented gral production songs, speecties,. .original. .essays, ifeauiugs coxnmenced. At. I i ; Waits iucs53; thtf fickle mulutudo, .'"lVp.t )iil' Said thatuniting in and feelings and declamations-.wer- Q the home industry would" eventually lead .to eight o'clock-thcdpipany tpartook.of a sup t Ilk the. JifhtitrWf thai floats itonf. tho Btrean?, f Glide with the current sUll, and follow fortune." the United Order,: .' .ladfes. , Good per, provided-- ; by, the i( young ' Mrs. M; AT Hyde from Spring City, inRtrnp'tinris were given 'r liy.Presidents in full' possession . and all Man powerful she seldom had the opportunity FotherinhAm and yier, anU Brothel Jles field, favors not., tho,ontranco;ef of enjoying these meetings. Their branch senger. me pariy v. lntothecbpimon fieldlbf , labor andj of the Relief Society? andl those i in oth er by Brother Wm. Flake. would warn her Imol) to '.jWalk the, dusty .?f settlements in that vicinity, were progress-- , The .Association has, sixty-fou- r members; roads ot a workingday-wbrlbut flit upQn occur dntwo which ionjee theiraeetiiigsr of one inade; up; :oChwi-- . the pleasant places We month Bast i formed for the young ladies, which seemed weeks,.arO well attended These we jnaiculine .tyrants ;wo to be doing much good. ., She exnressed her donated sixteen 'dollars to the St. George days.7', of )iterauro the cbntroverslal penJ JDionysii M ir-- "tJr gratification in. seeing the advancement Temple.1 controversial sivord be oursbut .adds - ' the which had, bee.u made, but did pot wish to Yours Respectfully, "frown not laJrnelpmaieV; wq wiU leave v timeV ttiere were LiEmzA the E; Pabkixson, occupy many knowing flower-bedyour sweeter human JfWm -in:tiiM'Mi- Secretary uj' your present capable of advancing excellent ideas. Mrs. Blytho."1Mrs. 11. T Young, Mrs. E. ceruleanort, Lyrics, to the ,, drior.theore, lie S. Barney, Mrs. Vanhorm andMreiH3rinr axT&STtf WAiiB s;1 l: city; Ibkt'one, o'r stands, sickly geranium; fy ton spoke upon the subject of home indus-tri- es : 1 875r loSS riflKnfd.thfl VOUr SWeet. TO- Ol An'tnovor March 20th, Counselor Mrs.--: Z. D. - oung 'spoke 7 Dear JSbiTOiirl ;k! f v tf3d zi? : tiring, :ippdetrambieti par tjuiay upon batnevefi Silent somowhat 1 have5beeh iWft stand out as cnarupuma uu uiu Miss. E. II. Snow and -- Mrs. S. B. Phelps been-goodhvorklddricdri Strife, but'irVwifer strp jtwith poj- - Y thelcss;thbro;has spoke on the same subject, after Xvhiclj diir Relief Society;i) o b? oi iDiut im i ses, fbith.elfingof tthe urnaraent. :: meeting, was adjourned.- - In 18GS aiconimitteo was Ichosen and duly? Vairwnmnn.. honest men I cry. your, par M. M. Gnoo, Sec. organized and: we have held our; meetings ddri inivlly?: ; rca t .J X theyUiave 'generally monthly ever, since; I andl sdeh business : bas innn antr of the general topics of the. day. been weir attended Park:, Cache County, Hyde IP .u: i foT6i 11th, 1875, been;done, as seemed necessary;: the sisfcrs She may bo a profound thinner, but if her it here rejoice in bearihiestimbnyi enjoying ideas nefef assume any toihif what will 4 will-few each iVn?i? Rho mav sneak, truly, but have a ReHefopiety.here. tho mem the'gifts ofh'e spiritandi comforting h hear her: and. if , sho have.cqurago to, mount wh: i Presidency, of other.;vi1t the whichr under, bers.pf 'can' say; as our worthy the piauorm, unless ae Mfeifary uWoolf, meet every two wTeeks., As a. committee I did at our, last lively in gossip, or create some new;4sensa. We have xrood meetings Jind the sisters snow treasurer; sisterThompson united im doing ffnti pvrtin a 'Hion'Swhbnx the world turns and tneir willingness todo good, in making and meeting, we are oner tho poor, comforting :the but to hear roar, sho sinks backr Into pbliv-- ; assisting aro good wno can for those all needy; doing' they the luke- ion. and comforting i those, who are m distress. sickj and :tried, and stirring up i Thiis?Kaiif'co'me toass;i.n;lthi?'ioB)n. warm to diligence.4 (' ,j 'jI , Our President is alive to her duties and en n Snow, met with us Ar ge' of scribbling-- a few ure billing to probeloved Sister Onr her. to b sisters one,with courages the .meet- duce in writing;'ft' Witness; oii ineir;jumuenter few weeks ago and suggested t public to eer.Jyvrth 'Wishing,sccesi s' the'menl-bdras ofteb as practicable; f9r all Individuality. A tablet inscribed.whch; uc U ings ni"yQur'irjend.'4 I ' prise, hold: wo shall live forever; cleap, easy and puerile is of the; society in the ard; 'nlthrriate Saturday; tho 'good' the faith that clings to: the' skirt 'ot tothcrs. received from Sister .noy These views we grant you, ?aro we instructions Prom'the Firaf anl we have received wiirbelong1reniemDeiied.t VAs ; But wo stand-poin- t, appeal o you, "ffood.:i.whcf havd' dared to . full reports 'of the meetings of the. Young are ueairuua vi " Tr 7 v."aw- -. .1" uiv", Jan. Aissociatib'n since ladles iletrenchment P1'.We appreciate (Vdur mpcr, as also thib,wht pood work: ' ' Wand great .20th," l'8175..'Th'atihey: areu;making n tTi h i n Wrests of Ziori. ; alonemany'yoaHyh? hayodared to" is": ajJparent;l!y;Hhe!t'-ininprogress plainly uto;" 'OW :'6tk'thefr principle; siltjectshas folly, td'&ndbmnyice be ; Afihto 6uqo: ' commented andriiako allowance; .for ; been faith, wiicli'has been ably geheteiefe; - Gra"SarahIDEAS DN WItITlNG.i7 upon by their President, Mrs. A and some- -, ; Elizabeth4 Higgs ham, also" Sup Mrs. Our vjrohgs are many butof them,; Obedience was another subject others. rtier6J and 'wlianv; 'heeafer) i If; ft! waju ; BV BLANCHE BEECH WOOD. of .4u'Vest. thanio exhaust a topic touched upon, and also .the fulfillment L'prin ! her -'tt cj.i T.Voritf rnfh 24th. 1875.. ifheytbatwrlta' duty5 especially In each one" bearingthose ! which v wo . fflt. more certainly invite ,v"o testimony, the improvement i i to da so, been1 .Their iodgos thaathelrlrknds; there's ttl oTitst willing had made, who had w ' t:: ' and the blessings of th'd 'Spirit of. God I Bat will fln4 sometbla j wntlnf, ahdn . r like'. efforts. Iteam MvUatnnio their In them attended had wnich Women are-- ' shrewd enough to perceive there are of the members exhorted were a canaryiVShc-flughto-singel- l out Jrito any:flei4 f by They tbatif reamJ Cincinnati Times,';. "of ''domestic everyday life), that (save forting those who were tried, and helping, invitd criticism, public 'and pnvate. they each THE boy who was' "lost in" tliought" ha3 to united or young, strengthens efforts, or old, by their single,, married ' ' found in Chicago. tho been under other. A general spirit of improvement, Whether como all or beautiful; they union and mutual benefit is manifested by ugly, -- : . . 1 the-las- t V 2 been-laid-upo- tho-temp- n o.-Sh- e , fi .the-youn- ! g , , the-heart- -- s e . , T-- f 4 San-petersa- ld of-the- yo-m- an jtv - d, , t . ? .i..r; .ti:f-;lMi;;-iV- ' ! - 'ftli s, tv . a i ..5-- i -- K 1; -- i L,'-- )''- - nur.': i - : -- ' 1 ; ; - : w . ftom-a'.-wo-man- 11 1 iW 1 . -s- - t V -- 1 '' i - : -l- -t- hey-iaunch - ' abor I ! 's 