WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 164 SPLLNTEItS. i local; have been! appointed at Kaysville, Davis County, Beaver city, Bea- vor county and Gunnison, Sanpete county ""Several heavy snowslides' occurredn Little Cottonwood kanyon on Saturday and aunaay me zutn ana zist oic out iortu- - v New-postmaster- v s' auoWft in 'this itv. to to'AhlmArfid The Court House at Kingston Ont. was Jaysj we shall realize, 'not ' only wnatwesriall burned on the 24th ult; loss $100,000.. require for honie supplies, but an income 1rom ' department terrible tornado recently occurred Jn Geor- wfcich'ta considand aid in building temples, gathering the poor gia, doing great damage causing erable loss of life... ...Great dearth of water and in beautifying Zion.a ; is reported at1ncaster,!Pennsylvahia.v.':UA Another important question what has wo- member of the Illinois legislature wants' a man to do in bringing about these grand re-bill passed to mako it a penal offence for one suits? ; v; I . to to treat another person any intoxicating qtitktjwiih 8 ' m th W evening f the 21st ult His subject tho "Iron Bedstead," which he handled in sayingifcis prayers the o " a nigniy interesting manner'Tne Liin- - motner, ana witn nis nanas ioiaea ana eycsp" Wvr?vw-A;wufaith ;;and; prayers, and her jthroughther, enee, gards have just filled a successful engage- closed, he sweetly said: words of encouragement may : mcnt at tno Theatre.. ....Thomas iucks, wno " Now I lay me down to sleept ; many good resultsThere is nothing that tapWas lately on trial In tho third district court I pray the Lord my soul to keep: ' should If before die I I wake, for alleged tnurdery has been honorably ac pertains : to the welfare ofi Zion, in! which , the Lord my soul to take, r the I pray .. interests. of jnaa n,d of Fwomanlare not equal, ' God bless papa, mamma and' quitted. and in Which their etlbrts' should not be mu LITERARY i' stopped all' at once, opened his eyes . V W. Willis has dramatized Kin ersley's and exclaimed: live-ac- t if I My Bisters, when we received the 'fulness of drama for the French HvJ)atIa"......A ''Mother, mother, what shall I say the'EVeriasting Gospelarid 'went .into the'wa Theatre in Berlin is to be written by Alex- - have been a bad boy ? " 01 Daptism we bewneyinbolically; at ndre Dumas.,.lter :Scott,s,:0uyl tering hai been published by the Peterson son, while you; are saying: your prayers,, re-- 1 Ieafc dead to the wprld haying; ''Jmtdn ; omeirat orner ;; v.unsw'; vve uuejrw iuercau rrotners, JNew YorK......Frofessor Jonn piiea nis motner. ,!;, But, mother, I have been bad; ' whatlCBabyl011" jpeople thatyes rrta,keriot of Morgan of Oberlin, has three accomplished her Isi nsyiand receiver of Aher;J)es,,-- . daughters, who are engaged in a family shall' I say uoa to lorgive you; out you snouia I gawiereu w uiopjaces apponiea ior wnai pur scnooi ai Municn, uavana, wnero tney in tosk struct young ladies in art, language and gen- - say your prayers all through when you be-- 1 pose?; Not to build ourselves tip after the man- i oer ov ine uepuies Dy assimilating ourselves erai cuiiuro......iuiss uiosson, a young iauy wunoui slopping." who has spent six years in AVestefn Turkey, jgin, His question answered, ho reverently I into thy r likenessi but :Vb'eihei.haTwe is fFivinc lectarins in the lEasV in: which sho ifnldnd hig hands, and closing his eyes, con- - might Jbcome peculiar :peopezealous of is said to offer very interesting accounts of ttoued:;:;t onlof Go good Iworks," an build up the the Turkish people "And will God forgive me for killing a and; Hfc WnbtW.yermien, of which' b y r hop toad with a big stick, and throwiner itIwiiiiWWrb'tiUn'tVot' !n liM.rf. mm tersonal. : U , ri down a big;hole? Ameni" , i all nations: and Its banner b a shield ;io tlie .Tho widow of Captain Hall, the arctic ex- Children of a larger growth will do weU bod of all :cres, TwheW I the .:'oVerfowing plorer, is living in Cincinnati, and is said to I to copy. scourge snau sweep1tue eartn as with theTbe- : y iisou is uy in ;; waui.... v ice somof destruction.. taking a tour through the Southern States I humbly THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. "S,Baya!Tayldr7 reflect seriously. There must .be a stop to our course lot lectures at Cornell University, in I waste of energies, and wast of substance by Which ho, will give descriptive sketches of . vr" 1. ' I i ...... t L.GREEXE rtlCITAUDS. Editor. 7 7 fii j' especially, on super useless expenuimres jana, tho livcs ofliessing, Goethe, Schiller,Heine, CORNELIA rt. IIOHNE, Business Hannger. fluities. 'Let us all; unite our Influence and our and their fellow authors in Germanyr since 175Q labors, to check the ebbim? tide of iemooral .Lieut, Commander Bowman. H. and to. those who ore asleep' hd McCalla, of tho Navy, was recently married r . . - ' T I n i Tlw I TTniuion rF Minn.' lk ft (I It rW A. ui vxcu. Axuirti;o xiuuu y i fi.uu. Ten copies lor Ihc price of ninq, AdTcrtieing I apparently indifferent to the interests of Zion, xjiniv, uttugiuu -:'! rates: Each euaare.' ten' lines of nonpardl pace, one I almost feel to apply the words of an ancient , Sanrent. 'r'ik I 1r umc,,f3.uo; per monin, .irj. A liberal discount to rccrular adreiUsers. prophet, "Wee to the women that are at ease nm.. - tir i i oi to n in Xton." Let vA assist with all the energies of ti gale on the, arish and British coasts St, opposite City Market place. Business hours from 9 our souls, in breaking the chains with which was lately; the' occibhjof great damage to a.m. to p.m. on xuesaajs ana saiuraajs. Adaress all Lasiness coram anlcauons to we, as a people, are bound for just as long as shipping and the loss of several lives.;.... Fablishcrs WoifAN's Exponbxt, we are in debt to, or dependent pn our enemies The Emperor of Austria and King Victor Salt Lake City, Utah. for the necessaries and comforts of life, we are xiujiuuui win uieut .at,. Yenice somo ume : r ' this month.. ....Loia, a Spanish steamer has virtually their slaves. SALT LAKE CITY. APRIL 1, 1875. "We hare no interests outside of the.kingddm been seized for Smuggling and sold at Vera of God, and, as individuals, liow much so ever Cruz... A shock, pf earthquake e was rewe may accumulate 6f tth is fworld's 'gbo'd MinaiiUan and Orazava, MexiTALK NUMBER ONE. cently felt at co...... The' JETmperor of Austria is reported are only prosperous In proportion as Zion pro. to have accepted-t- he TO EVERY BRANCH OP THE RELIEF resignation of Baron t Ministcr at After having' said so much, I come to the Sanborn, Washington, , SOCIETY IN ZION. ; :t ':y point, ana mafite an appeal to my sisters of the : roLrricAL. " r has'called US tol ?el Sc'feiyiYwhlch gh BELovKDSisTERS:-U3o- d ' . . My , . Vr . ?. . . ous Liatter-aa- y , The Republican bamt women) te call your menrecent election..!. .The sponsib position; tal and wers into ractiori and, lead physical me ask, for what purpose?: Is it not Enrlvillft (WW iTmnr?nf " av fl TnMc- - and . - . " ' - . .- - -- nt - : i - , - , ; : : 1 .1 LCiiJffi2 I 1 1 " ? -- . ; ; , ' . :- - . i ' -- and-highl- was-victoHousiv- tr S - laturebea that State from accounts, the t:, Jirii: .viaife Miuunui ononMl nlnvn M ur uu. out in that we may efficiently assist S?S "industries, This is , now devolves on us. God counsel toother and n deliberate! v .xAf H.fr! I4 rvhnt v . . I 1L c.uvw vi. uiaiiuiica T T V. I UIIL11 IL I1HS HSL.'ill UNI C te "."rf . Ul V.n. ounva ... . . . oviwiu umci juiiu:uii tut. wjumiy u UU5 rao imeiy ip succeed In yeur :iy" and Booth, United States Senators, emphat- firmly established untiH is ,fa1 ically refuse to 5jro into caucus with either Ares- - Young, ana, in connexion with him.al,a4"vu oriuvmojii, ana prompwy measures for ife promotion. Pacific Railroad bill, though portion of the Priesthood, have been, for years, party;..;..Tho XvA-I recommends silk culture as'one thixm in'fteo.nrn its Young; much this direction. He has nut. mnf laboriiiffln . I . , J ' f.SVWI' Willi, defeat in tho House of Represent- - set tho example, In nearly, if not every depart- prouiauio urancn ior tncfcisters, frco of v. charge, all the cuttings they wish, from tive3.;.'...The extra session of the Senate ment of how in successful f)!r- tlie . Mulberry orchard on hid farm, eouthiof the fltion in ZionIt-I- s expired March 21th. tru. mueh lma -n ft wit?1 BU ' eomplished; and yet, how very much : remains I GENERAL. to be UoneZbeiorewo enall become ndcncndertt? I V"" "J tljau wuu. uuueniauus-.iu.uuaiuess. Trio first child bbrni of Japanese parents in How much before we shall opas tn h n nmm L They should be set ' as soon as the frost is out this country is a daughter to the wife of nent source of profit to our enemies? How of the ground, or before the leaves start. ' In tw5 years from the will I building up of Hi Kingdom? iSThoandkinirdomof God can never be built un ,,, , ICKII It'll ail , .Will j rlPVPr r self-sustaini- ng. . t . - . - " r1 Ps. l! " home-industr- i- the Japanese Minister at Washington...... much, before, instead 'of constant heavy eut-- worms. A hrv. iT-Hi- m anu-.oirers- rl: J11"6 setting, they support ; 