WOMANS .EXPONENT. .WOMAN!S-VOICE- . Rush Valley, Aug. 26th. ' Dear EditoiI: Sir ambig, . Dear Exponent : pieties will be tender, crisp .and green. If the color 13 not quite clear enough, boil the Vinegar over the next day, then pour over the cucumbers ' ' - : and cover porfectlyJtight. . I do not expect to writo very much, it is tho first that I have ever written for tho Exponent, but I would like to say a few : I thought perhaps it would be; gratifying to your ' numerous readers to hear some thing from this out of tho' way place, as i t is very seldom that this place is represented ,: 1 words to tho girls, to beware of what comLITTLE LETTER. pany hey keep and associate wi th, and what they say or. do; I vould say to them in your paperj; perhaps it is not generally The following came to band very late; but no of a and when we a one, wrongfully have known that Relief Society here, it will do tp consider the old proverb, let. i es see com th them condinot person In been has ri,or ey elsewhere, a it very flourishing ter late than never,?'. as well in this case as be very careful riot to mock ' them when tion for the past year. A more faithful, en In thousands of others. Ed. their liack is turned ; it is - very wrongand ergetic and persevering person than our :" unjust, and the Lord will disown any one Special to the Exponent.' t' President, Mrs. Julia Lindsey, it would, be who persists in theao things; if the persons hard to find. She is, indeed, one in a thou"i T. Springdale Kane Co. U. 187-"be Mormon Gentiles,1 Jews, or whosoever sand , and her perscveranco under difficul i ' ; ; July 27th, ties that would discourage a common mind : they be, they sliould je treated as we would like to be' treated ourselves. I would ad- have proven her possessed of the rare quali- Since the 22nd tho thermometer ha that I visiQ triemjto ,try and learn ties I have attributed to her, and her Coun-selopmething from 08 to 100, in the shade. Last " ranged are of the same stamp But there is 7 1ywiil;bepf use to them Friday the heat was Intense. a slackness, with tho sisters in regard to at- - r they are of may be connected with, and ask ; V We have our Sunday meetings and schools God our Father to "fill them with JHis Holy; i tending meetings. If there: is a cass of regular hcfCv ; Tho boys have the privilege wisdom nave and that or are destitution may Spirit, they of talking too. Some of them can speak ready with suffering they Ho the in that hath to i as hands blessings comprehend relieve and the -- a ac t;v open poor sick, very well. i store for faithful the and a work n a accomplish have of instances. in number The apricots are all gone; the peaches, proven they that is good and great Ah(Jt say to you ! apples and figs are But they cannot, seemingly, get the spirit t getting ripe; tho green girls bo prudent and Syise in your daily of meetings; that is, as a general "thing; corn has grown too big to eat j the small t talk and actions through life; aim high, and there are exceptions, of course.' Sister grain is harvested; tho grapo crop will be and the hit mark; say and do ail the 'I 'heavy this year. V Presinda Kimball passed through herc on r try ?' no and bad.1 good you can, Theleyil spirits iher way to Soda. Springs, a few Ayeeks ago. k With good wishes to tho Northern peo-piInfluence and all are do around but their you, A .meeting of the Society was ; called, at I remain your servant, not tliem over let tho have any you; She power ' Cwhich gavosomei excellent instruction Edwin Greene. bless will ; Lord do who those and His will concerning our duties ;as asocetyand as obey his laws. Most of the .was There quite High. pints ' Your sister in tho gospel, ' a large attendance, and we had an excellent BOYS. ":; ' C. S. was meeting. r A jpartiali? made, teachers appointed, and a universal Tho tired mother when nightfall come, feeling prevails that we would strive to live can not help drawing a long sigh at the 'HOUSEHOLD HINTS. . ottr Jeligion .more fkithfullyJn -- future, and sight of her boys! torn jackets and trowsers; endeavor-tkeep up the Society.-- . She re- j and her aching head may whirl as with Some Points in Butter Making. It is time to 1 quested tho. sisters if they felt liko it, to do-gleeful shouts they como trooping into the skim when the fingers can be drawn through tho nato a Sew pairs of garments for the Laman-ite- s. room in fashion. But top without the cream close behind it. , When The teachers were instructed in their j with what loving tenderness docs : sdio not cream will do this it is about ripe enough to churn. visits to lay this before the sisters. Enough c When 'cream foams" in the churn it endure all their noise, and sympathize in may be cured was collected to purchase cloth fbr elvhteen C their sports, If she, bo a"". true mother? by warming. : Cream should not be churned as pairs of garments, which have been made Somewhat such feelings as theso which are .soon as taken from the znilk.Llt.should.be stirred This . and will be. sent the first opportunity. put In verso she bears In her heart: and allowed to ripen all alike, i This willToocuri in is like the widow's mite, but it serves to twelve hours or so. But cream should not stand show their willingness to respond when r i 'Boys will bo boys'-- but not for Ion?; . until is formed in -'. -- . - speak -- ; - : 1 ; rs . -- . i - " . : e, ; - - ' " - - . s - tion . . -- o . t : 'v rough-and-tumb- le 1 ! ; ; called upon. T T fl ;; A number Of the Twelve visited this place a short time ago. Two days meetings were held the 14th and 15th, of this month. The meetings were well at(enpdyjtho brethren and sisters here and from, the surrounding; settlements. The speakers were filled with the Spirit of God." The people were re- : " : " ; J ; - buked for their slackness and want of diligence and faithfulness. Thoy were exhort-- ; ed to wake up, lcavo off their evil habits, and prepare themselves lor what was right tat their doors ' I think their visit will re- suit in much good, as quite a number have already been baptized into the United Or- - j der. An order which I firmly believe, if properly carried out, as tho Lord and His : servants intend it shall be, will be the mcan3 of uniting this people so that no. power can prevail against them. This is what Satan is afraid of, and the reason he strives with idl the power ho possesses to influence tho .faints to fight. against Jt Butjruth will: prevail in spite of all opposition. Then let us ; bo - careful; not to. speaks lightly ot that it J 5 -- ; 1 ; j all-csscnt- - , rt i f y r, full-grow- n. rs , " ; " '. . Ah, could we bear about us Thla thought how very sooo our boys Will learn to do without usl - but tall' and Will gravely call us 'Mother; VKMT 80011 deep-ToIcc- f " men d ' - . f Or we bo stretchier empty hands . . - y : , From this world to tho othorl , ' "More gently we should chide the noise, And when night quelli tho racket, Stitch In but losing thoughts and rraycrs, . While mending pants and jaekctr ' ' . . - - 7 - : i-r;;- f ' ; , - . t- i- ' a' - 1. J s- - - , j . - ', . ., , f KITTLE' FOLKS;' - '.' , . If V A little girl at school' read thus: "The t widow lived on a iimbacy left her by a rela- did yQurcali that word?" tasked rl tho teacher; i'tho word, is. legacy, not limb-- ; :,.W;iat I i ..i acy?!!; . ., , A ; J-- Cuduniber - Pickles. The Fnkll, long kind - arc n best for pickles and those but are nicer Let them be freshly gatherthan- the r. I Tthe blossom off but,do notrub them. ed, pull Pour over them a strong brine boiling hot, cover closely, and let tbcm stand all night. In tho morning drain with or in a seivc, and dry in a clotL To each quart cf best cider vinegar put one-ha-lf ounce of whole black peper, tho same of ginger and allspice, ar;dcr.3 ounce of inustard ccd, adl .enhz:-- . if. agreeable.' When this pickled vinger boHj up, throw in the cucumbers, 'and make them boll &3 quickly as possible for three or four: minutes no longer. " .iHit them in a jar with the boiling' vho-hA f vx, thU wa. yur gar . and "cover closclf. - pieces of tho Almighty here in our midst. ) ' The sisters 'Tall desird'.the success of the Exponent and would be glad to" subscribe for it bat greenbacks are very scarce. Wo I aro looking for better days.; May the Lord for the spread .blessyou in ' ! . '"'- C c 2' -- I ' half-grow- ; -- I ;''w.; ; : : . 1 " .with pickles. 1 ' " ; ial j bf truth and Intclllgcnco is the prayer of your sisters in the gospel, j. 11ns. Altcc .M. Rich, Scc'y, 1 , w Mna. Sarah M. Pomehoy, Ass't. ris.Bcar Lake; An ?r. 2n th 1 R7. i - 1 Rules for Pickling. They, are very simple and easily followed, and if proper care be taken after tho washing is over, even the novice may have on hand very toothsome pickles. Da not use metal in any shape when pickling,--- if you wish to boil vinegar, put it in a stone jar on the stove and use ..wooden spoons and forks, or.silver.The vinegar is often the feature, and unless it be good yourwork is in''vabV. Cider vinegar is su- -. - perior to other kinds, but be sure it is cider vinegarnot a trashy compound of vitriol and acid sola as cider orpine vinegar. Keep .your pickles in stone jars, never handle them with your, fingers, bnt use a .woccnrpcKnr.and keep them well covered with yincgar and a4, bladder or close co veer of some kind. It is not necessary to use a brass kettle to, makci pickles green", indeed it should be considered criminal to boil them in one, and all who care for health and life .will, never associate brass j your-endeavo- the cream jaf. whey j 7 : MiBat,"; said ' II thejittlo girl, "my sister say.s must say limb, not Icg..,, Boston ; Courier. r Coys, Think Op TnislBoys, did you ever think that this world,- with all ' iu ; 'wealth and woe, with all, its mines and ' - -- mountains, oceans) scas and rivers, with all "'its ''shipping, its steamboats, railroads and - magnetic telegraphs, with all its millions ot grouping men, and all the science and pro- e grcss of ages, will soon bo given oyer to tho loya of tho present age boys liko you? : Believe it and look abroad upon your inheri-- T tance, and get ready.to enter upon its pos- sossion, , Tho presidents, kings, , governor.-:statc5mcn, philosophers, minister?, teachers, men of the future all are boy3 noV f , 