J-- WOMAN'S EXPONENT. us SPLINTER per cent, on wages.... ..Workmen on the first received it as a message from God, as she Hudson river, employed by. ice companies, now does,she would have hailed it wjth great ; have struck against the reduction of wages Ideiiglit and joy,;; But it was not generally giv .....:in New York, the boot ana jsnoo easi- en to the fathers and mothers of the young ness is beginning to increase;. ....At Balti- peopie in Zion to comprehend the , necessity of more greater activity and energy is exhibi- adopting such a system of marriage, when it The was first introduced into the church of Jesus ted than for several months past, Saints..' Even a3, Abra- "sovereigns of industry" the Grangers are Christ of Latter-da- y in New Eng- ham went. forth to sacrifice his son, so they increasing rapidly, especially e ton land... J.A thirty-fivengino'tknown as yero required to observe the law and keep ' the the "Sacoi," has recently been completed by commandments of God, without fore knowl-- '' the Boston and Maine Railroad companies edge; - Whereas the present condition of the ......A Grange warehouse is to be built at world compared with the condition ' of the Van Wert, Ohio, to cost $20,000 true Latter-da-y Saints, is sufficient evidence to -CASUAL. . r a mind enlightenedwith any, degree of the ' ManV injuries to sailing craft were re spirit of God upon the subjects of the 'great cently occasion ed:by"a tcrrifie gale accompa- good which has been and wilt be done throuhr-th- e nied by storms of rain, on the British medium of this system of plural marriage. flood in a the coast...... There has been great And also of the;"great"necessity for Its being- ad- - r so at has been water river Seine: the high mitted asajienet of the gospel of Christ when not under the could steamers Paris that pass His church", "was established in these latter ' Sus on the Railroad ...The bridge bridges.. days. quehanna has been burned.... .Losses by fire These truths are patent to the minds of many ' in' New England during the month of Jan men women and connected with the young uary, amounted to $1,023,457, j and our to exhortations such friends Church; that will due consideration there- are, give they " 'f - ; lihto THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. Young wives and maidens young brethren too shall we not prove to our God, ourselves Ii. GREE3TE RICHARDS, Editor. and the world that our parents have not failed CORNELIA II. IIORXE, Business Malinger. in their eflbrts to instill into our hearts tthe - " : sr. . LOCAL. : thir, Territorial; school Superintendent says that' there ) ard more than thirty three tnousana cnuareniu u wu, oi mo proper age ior auenuing scuuui In Professor Riggs, - President Young' and company ''''arrived this city, from St. George, on tho 19tti ult., in g health.i...The Firemen's grarid,dress ball; given on the 22nd birthday, was a J note l' worthy affair, not soon' to bo forgotten by the participants ..V. The construction of railroads in Utah is con stahtly arid' rapidly increasing," but no credit mobiiieririg is expected from thehonest and honorable gentlemen concerned In them.' - -- ult.-Washingto- - . . .. ..... Darwin has anew book in press, which . f , .. , . treats (6f the insectivorous and 'climbing plants.. of .A 'new dictionary by Dr. II. Dunbar of, the Edinburg University is soon to be circulated...... The Millennial Jubilee pf Iceland has suggested to Rev. P. C. Headly, the writing of a book entitled :The Island of Fire or A- Thousand years of the. Old Northmen's Home,V which is reported to be a highly Interesting work. . . - . political., ' It is now reported that disturbances have arisen at Pekin, China, on ;tho question of i . . - . . . the successor to ;tho throne... ...The country of Darfur has been" annexed to Egypt:. The Senate has rejected v the Reciprocity " Treaty with Canada..... .In the Pennsylvania Legislature,' the. Committee on Vice and Immorality report in. favor of the repeal of local opt ion...... The Wavs and Means Committee in the House of Representatives, have rejected in full, the proposition for a restoration of thefduties on? tea arid coffee Seven'Btates, California, Connecticut; IowaJ :Kentucky,i Maryland, NewiHamp-shire-ari- d Oregon hold no Legislatures, this - winter.aihe Iegislatures-)f-the-oth- er -- " . : -- - - . t -- eternal principles of truth which lead to. ever--. Terms:-Onlasting life and happiness? If we have, seen copy- one rear, i I1.U0.Ten copies ior ine oi pnee .auYerusujf; our parents suffer in consequence of not unrates: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil space, one correct ways of life, let us! hot time, $2.00; per mouth, $3.00. 'A liberal discount to derstanding the " condemn any true principle on that account; regular advertisers. Exponent Office, on West Temple St.,near First South neither, doubt the pure motives of either parSt.. opposite City Market place. .Business hours from 9 ' a.m. to 4 p.m. on Tuesdays and Saturdajs. ent, as some sons and daughters have done, , Address au oasmess communicauons to while fully aware that both are and ever have Publishers Woman's Exponent, been desirous of doing the will of God. Buti Salt Lake City, Utah., ..'J, we may profit by the experience through, which we have seen them pass, as well as by SALT LAKE CITYi MARCH 1, 1S75. thei r teachings and tes timonies to us $qn cern- ing the words and works of our Heavenly Fa-- " ther. We can observe wherein they have PARENTS AND CHILDREN, rablished semi-monthl- in Salt Lake City, Utah. eix months, $2.00; one t r copy J it ! nine. y, e . - 1 .. " - 1 - -- . ' rmsoxAL. . Spiirgeon refuses to come to America for the purpose .,Gilmore is givconcerts in B6ston......aara Morris is in ing, San ;.FrrincikOt.;...Sir Edward Thornton lately that number. Much as the Mormon system of marriage is railed about in the outside world, ignorant and degraded as its women adherents are considered, we hava yet to learn of the first instance of such a crime having been committed by Latter-da; Saint mother. : The highest, holsest ambition of the true Mormon mother is to keep her children in purity and healthvmaking tliem in every pos sible respect superior to herself. Whether- a woman be a first or plural wife matters not in " . gavePa llihner IClh'e new BngUsh.Le-gatio- n buiWing at Washington. ...".Isabella Wallace; a descendent of Sir William Wal lace, died recently in England, at the age of one hundred and two years..... ICate Field Is pronounced a failure on the stage,but still persists In trying to beco'mo an actress.'.....' Bayard Taylor is engaged to lecture at Cornell University, New York, next summer .. .;..Thomas O. Blair, of Newcastle, Indiana, is a young naturalist who advertises for correspondents among the young naturalists of the country.... ..Senator Sargent of California has been ill.. ....A ten year old girl has been kidnapped from the Convent school in New York......Nelse Seymour is dead. He was a favorite minstrel in London, known as the "American comedian".. ....M.Ecitick. a colored man of Brooklyn, died recently of . ; nyuropuoni.i. 1. ; . ,.v ixdustri A L. . . Chicago is to have a new Court House and The As tor house of :New York City Hall is cioseu ior repairs..... .Massachusetts cot ton mills have enforced a reduction of 10 : : . . thirty States are now in session..... The insurgents in Peril latclytrie to takrthecity Arequipa, but were - defeated. .....In the French Assembly,5 a bill for the creation of It is estimated by the coroner of Londou, a senate has passed...... In the Maine Sen- that In that great city alone, twelve thoubabies ate,' Rev. Mrs. Hades lately officiated as sand mothers annually, murder their Chaplain, being! the: first woman who has aftertheirbirth. In New York, it is caleulated ever acted in that: .capacity in the Legisla- that the fetus and child murders are double ture. -- 7 - r ' - y . - regard to these morthy a3piration3,her love for the precious charge committed to her car by : a merciful God is ever the same. Compare the difference between this fact and the condition of communities such as people on ion unl New York, O! yo wie?) men, ye saintly, virtuous(?) women who have such a holy horror of polygamic or celestial marriage! And let common sense instead of prejudice-r-natura- l, womanly instinct, instead of sickly spleen answer for you, which stale of society am be justly looked upon as.most enoblingand exalting not only to woman Lut to the whole human race. A lady, who" was arnonilicnQ7sfwloTaept the doctrine of celestial marriage as revealed to Jcseph Smith, and who has been in plurality for upwards of thirty years, testifies that bad she understood the principle when she 1 . fal-len- ". short HihTeshroughrwa and while humbly blessing them for their kind r teaching, and rendering all duo respect, wo should look upon their mistakes as timeiy warnings for us. Where they have stumbled, for .our. guidance, Y they, have left which, if we heed while passing on in life, will enable us to shun many dangerous places, i into which we might otherwise stray blindly : as they have done. But we must walk in all humility and gentleness, and ever beware, that yt mabc nut, mirscivcs, theT grand mistake of all, in presuming that we may benefit our- -' salves, and escape the ills, the trials and iacri-- 5 way-mark- s, flees which our parents have known, by forsak-- 1 ing the ways ot eternal life and light for things less holy. We must stand bravely by the prin- ciples of , truth and righteousness for which bur parents have endured so many privations and. hardships. And where sou3 seo that their fathers have made missteps and brought unnecessary afflictions on their families, let them seek for wisdom to avoid like errors, but suffer-- not their lips to utter or their hearts to against any sacred law pertaining to the Gospel. Daughters who have the experience mothers, as well as the additional light which has been poured forth to aid them, should be able to live in accordance with the requirements of the Gospel without enduring those heart pangs to which their mothers" have I been subjected most frequently through a lack : of wisdom and light canwrning which they knew to be true but had not learned to practice in perfection. Still, the young in- Zion, even those who have been born in the priesthood, need not . feel-ough- t ; of-the- ir -- the-principle- - s- 