M 0 MA N'S EX BO HE N T. .134 fniit plunis'br peaches "are THE BOOK OF MORMON ... ', ; OR--- . L-- : ; ' lasses, the? same of vinegar and aquarter of a pound oiisinsr when; cold afeWjdropsI of laudanum; may dq stirred In. lcskr:T.Let;-.i- ,the"- fruit be of the choicest vareity.- Cover the whole with a rather thick crust, and steam until tno crust is thoroughly, cooked. Serve with white sugar and thick, sweet cream.' This is the queen of puddings and can bo eaten with a (comparatively) .clear con- - , ? A VOICE FEOJICUMORAir. . Though not go awful grand ai Sinai clouds, yet thy mild Yoice Lpif whispering from .thdduat, hathmorioj: Gpdt Than Slnal'g awful acenef And there is heard , In JU wtlrd depthtbe chant of lropbecy . t In thunder, fir and jscicnce,-Hera- ili. fe.r. j i oil Health. ; ld - V; Hints to MothewearSuters,TKmbIed5Jar- thaVuandred ". I hav6 beeria I Mothers - :,WAsntd;;Tnii'' ijibplThp 'Jourftii Health says that 'the blood can.iasjwebo ' washed asariy other portion of the human' svstem: but to drinlr 'J tea J rnflfaA. hhrirlsif a Cocba;beer or cidedOelibt tend fMpurify; the blood On the4contrary;'such infusions befoul and defllo4he) bloods f Hut by drinks ing pUre water often, but I in small tquanti : iiore itarthiJj thab Sinafs awfuf thunders ': V' housekeeper for twelve years, bave'three fchilorcn Tbou'art the key of keyg, sent to unlock n r ? do it all my anda family cf six t6,do for (and The consunj nation of all precious things il Lui Spoken by IVtphetJilnc sucn a oreaaiui iniuK. Auavu icaruv uujr t)10ouv.may be thoroughly washed i.be.tween: Art and Sconce quick followed aUbyyoice, , ,:r a utmnK f 1 Tl F" a train Pn 1 nrlnr ffuvii iliav twK f; i. nnf tt;nn Kt ' jtvrtAmnn'v-k- ' whixh ' " Vilf nrtlKrH ' irrmrt I nM ') hive I By them thou goest to nations, Idngs and tongues, lmftti'mM- rather fievero: and "T ? I I .. i.-i. t. . in flflwfl wlnirw1 Hht nine mad tnr lhr ?isnlth. : J . i aan ihint'inff it i vmiii narfl smiTPfi in iiik h fit. j And they and tfcda art Come to bless mankind, nj drop39JIenniaI dewoVaUthe earth, f ucai w . iflyix UmouierSu WOrKTJWl Jt now nave, wnaip.-a jur, fresh and nulling' with never-fadin- g peace. ?r y. twapwiuiya, - or leaserme. con. have saved would MXietV attd I trouble ? it incipientjacKsorrsaysrinitue .ff thfn r,hftntlnir vnl. It .iiiii'v '! eat come should one? the unleavened some Cannot Many, things sumption, help patient Tbe itweate hue of endless wainerre ' ' moment or that I bread, Wribblte45heat:fl6ur1d To unborn millions soon to people earth,,4-rushing to my mind at the present tVhllo Slnafg ttartUiig 'notes would fail to' teir ) form to ol time have but learned have only pie by experience,1 :reparation.zi:If milk-i- eaten' it tart'f of thy deep and grand signiflcanee." in 1 add a little'ndw, and a another time (if this iinds should bei skimmed. 4.; itt!o' sugar1 and !no tike a king bf terrors thou dost prostrate' thrones room in your paper) will tell . you some mdrc. I salt should, bemused. Ko tea," coffee r or. con- a ' L Tp fteraW in th eteriial Prince p:Pej may as well confess that this is the first time ever diments,' nor any kind of- - medicines Should s- now dawn art Ihe'efiTulgent thou And kindling will only speak be taken. 1 A si tz bath r three limes a v week wrote to an editor in my lite. ' Of the Millennium's swiftly coming" day ! i ; ' over the liwhole :bodyTth and a wash-of- f lof the are of children So fraught with peace and bjto ineffable; verM other three days should be taken, the things I believe this to be of. the highest value. A lonsr and calm and aunay 'mom 'twill be. : . 1 "child in a comfortably warm room, the latter in a first Lei neTewaillng harps chant Its glad prabJerrrTv-r- y have learned by experience (for my was sadly neglected) that children should have reg-- 1 warm room. An abdominal bandage should I To God, all o'er tho hearenly paradise, Let Seraphim an'Clberubiin all hail." ular habits, especially in eating and sleeping. Do be worn. Ilouse labor, especially kitchen remembrauce hi acen?. .Each other at nota's you prize their health, give them pieces'' work should be avoided, and pleasant ex-b- e 1 BeLet angtls atop their Hery chariobi - ercise taken in thel;open air. Excitement Ween meals after they are two years In heaven to chant back the glad refrain, -fore that give them something between the three (of all kinds should; be avoided, and plenty As they gazo earthward at this spectacje ; ;'; ; meals, Outlet it be at regular times each day. It I of sleep secured., Of hearen-bor- n sublimity and awe. . ; bliss forget all else, And in their new-bowill givexirea motners more rest, ior mey wm now De on As they echo Tcace earthjgdod will towards man? ' teasing for something to eat, and it will give your u: : WOMAN'S VOICE. While Sinai bows her head in meekest awe, child health. far better With hand upon her Up and toasts no more. A. P. Command or oblige your children to sleep once ; Eocksville, Kane Co., Jan. 6th; 1S7oV v through the day. and insist upon its being at a par ' .i til .i' ': iv - ,'. i ',.-- Ur. ; -- r-- j I - ' -- i ai i l nnd-rtfcim- -- I C -- I Ii - .first I . tat oli . rn : ticular time of day. If you do not let them miss DearLula: the time for a "nap" for a few days, you will be I write according: to promise, .that you UHit ' f i nAfc-- a tl..ij.iLi ' Potato PuffTwo' cups xf cold, tnashed: pota- - surprised to see how sleepy they will become just may know wheie we are and how we are. uuw. bouu uicjr vtm urup iu aieep j. am HOW ai OlSier IT sne inat was tUO" inn stir in two lablesnoAnfali ot' melted butter I at uiat uuje, : will be when awake. refreshed J they widow A when' we. "crossed the plains." they n heaune to a cream: add two eggs one anJ Hpw a such will have I tired left a Avidow mother, cun'bf cream or mUkrboar into a deep disht bake And you, restjnd She is now the widow P th .mother lie r- -v should ry the second time! I came here to write be- in a quick oven, ?;tu nrmf I aown witn ner cnuaren r.. ver-- 1 cause it is a .:-:,- . i J ; jusp quiet. ' a Jelly sHolis.rake thi'eo eggs. . half cap'Oftonitr vnn' WAi,i thorohxr K f rvu tMe: HOUSEHOLD HINTS. i-- " L -l -- - well-beate- i: - "of the soda; and cream tartar, one jSpooniuis ox r,v.fhaA andv half Daiang powaer; oas:e in . axa ivw-moment- . una tea-- 1 VnrWr At one time there wTere about twenty fami lies there, but they were called away they say, into larger settlements, when the'Indi- ans were troublesome; and now there is not much of a settlement there But the scen ery is picturesque, and it is,one ;of, thehid- .very goou one icg piacea.oi lue see the day when all our I think. I hope toiiujigui.u family may be gathered there, and build up ziori. You know Zion is1 the purer in heart. d an(j hope we may have a place there posed of such, where we can live In love and union. Not one striving in pride and selfish- ness to gain wealth . abovo another, but aU seeking together ,tp benefit and Improve7 the state of all. V Bel n. owned andblest of the c3Kes: laj cut in shoes Taordss the roll. Cloth Mittens.- - Take any;soft, : strong '.cloth; of I all woo! and the same 'amount of Canton tlannI Jl kiri flat nn if vftti Vtr if. lnt tK imnd cf j)aperf inarted round rith a pcnciV;theu cut HYGIENIC NOTES. . To s prevent a chill. -- i A sitz bath of hot water with the feet also lh hot water. continued until a. thorough' I sw eat has been Then get into cold iter all over .llnwiniffor ims- - mt ih lmin, taken. .MAmM bias so as to have a spring to it. stitch the flannel or .nave co a water aasnea an over you im- and lining separate,turn the seams together inside, mediately upon getting out of the hot j , the wrist, leaving the mitten open: two inches r,a1 V ;,button-hole .on the under part of the hand, work a Sleeping. rYoung: children should not ; on one side, sow a strong button on thq other, and be allowed to sleep' in the same bed with you will have a durable mitten: .) ; aged people. By physical contact, the vital- - ; ...... ity is absorbed out of theonebody into the , m -- Jr - Fruit Padding. Slake a crust of gralnai; flour, lour cream, soda and, a . pinch, of .salt Pass the ,fiour through a coarse seive, so as to relieve it of the larger bits of bran. For a family of six persons line a quart basin with tho crust a quirter cf an inch thick. Fill the basin thus lined. with . . : I ji.uuuwuwiuvuiuvj'mu UA Ut1.1 l mc awxiu U t.uo Li cuci;La lu uuuawioum tuuuiiu pat to sleep with a person whose health ris in nny way lmPalrea- NrunALGiA.- - This painful disease has been cured instantaneously by sponging the aCHccted part first in water as warm as could b,e comfortably borne, and af-ict In cold mTlor, and then rubbing hard and briskly with a coarse towel.' Rheumat ic pains have been repeatedly removed" in the sarao manner. This treatment will also remove ,tho inconvenience of "cold feet."T JlEMEDira for cougu. Tea made from , Or a slippery-elm- . pint pf milk with a lit- tie coal thrown in, simmered to half a pint An excellent syrup is mart o by simmering xogeiner ior nairan riour, a half pint of mo-rAAl. com-rbin- " ( dou mem m water suuicient to cover juicy -appies. ...r. tnem uiltney are sole takmg'canr to keep-thewhole; then remove them from the stew pan makiDg a'arup of nice white sugar, and replace; them; let tnem fcunmer slowly tiU they aro; amber col- ored, then place in a ghss preserve diih; beat to a tun irom, mer waiies or eignt eggs, ana two 'thirds of a" cup of 'sugar,' and spread .over the top. It is improved by being kept on ice, and is grateful to the eye and palate, cither for desert, or tea, 'The yolks of. the eggs may be used In . making a U'o.il , v r- r i,""Attn w ennb . inr1 nnF dtlinhtAfa tnAtr haf' u6U0 f1" prophesy, OTr Toung men see visions and tne signs of the' times indicate that tlie second coming of our Lord is : near at hand ? And have not the jSaints who are striyiog to v. jeasoh to lift live their reliHon -- I no v, h' 2f ?S,r. redemntlnn , ll r . draws near? The weather here Is pleasant and beautiful. The sun shines as if it were summer. There have been no storms this winter, and the weather Is not uncomfortably TcboirI have not felt cold and chilly, once this win- ter, or since I came here, as I havo always done in winter time before. Our' health i3 very good, for usand I : enjoy myself. A., and some others Brigham, Jr., h Jo-ei.- 1 