WOMAN'S EXPO meekness: faultlindiner is not of God. Wo must ' cultivate ourselves; trials are neces sary,- wo must not turn aside because of Borrow and trial; set your mark high, do ' ""Trot bo weary in well doing. We must bo as gold refined, as wheat well boltedj try to come out 'Of the head' of the bolt. There is no wrong in- - being tempted. Jesus was tempted j' He overcame. Therd aro record s i kept of those who are tempted and over--, ; corner the tempter, "They are mine, saith .tho Lord God, in the day when I make up i v'-V;V: ': my jewels.".; f "But," a sister says, have been injured, ,,; I must be revenged ,V .Sister, bo silent, trnftf-TTo -- ; "; '! - t ' " in fJnrl ' " X . - : .i : time, many of the saints are aslGep, seeking ,..t. the things of the world. Mothers, mako Zion uppermost. Young ladies, we are glad you are organized, come, to meeting, learn tho laws of life and salvation, never sacri-- i fice; the Spirit of God to marry a: Gentile. - Editor s j the saloons, in Salt Sake City and elsewhere, defile their bodies with whiskey, tobacco and foul language;' they are no' more fit to be husbands and fathers than the heathen, and many girls are just the same. I am sorry to say they have a Gentile teacher in Mount Pleasant. ; They say, O, but ho is a is winning the hearts of the gentleman,-h" children; sisters dbyour duty. -- Ifwould v rather my children never learned a- - letter of ( ' suuu tucJU lauytii uic uijnauui uwu iiave . j a leacner. oisiers, nave you a saloon nerer V'lf not, be thankful, .pray your husbands to , bo strong against the introduction of liquor ' saloons. Make home happier, never leave children to go to meeting, take them with you. or leave them in crood care, that vnn can trust There are' many things that I ' would like to" snnak of.J hntT T fifiv GnrI hlnca v vvwv . you: meet often, encourage Home Manu it helps bring in the ..United Or- facture TJ im Krtnn iviontf itmu ' il ri nlmuilili. would not daro to say any thins amiinst it Of; course thero are trials , in it, mortals ure imperfect, they make mistakes, there, is no wrong in being mistaken. I am willing to sacrifice ray feelings for tho good of others, everything but my principles,,! am willing to lay at the feet of my Saviour, for tho . - - ,: j X ?. "T when the angel3 come to talk with the sisters, as they did with Sarah and Abraham. God bless you in the name of Jesus. Amen. ;n Sister Home said: I have been sick, but 1 will occupy a few minutes. I am glad to see the brethren meet with, the sisters; it is good. . I wish to speak; on the' plurality of wives; it is a great blessing to those who do right. I could not havo. beGn hero if it ..were not for plurality. Cultivate the spirit of peace. God commanded men and women to go forth arid replenish tho earth. Wo ""arc called to bear the spirits of men; Girls, keep the laws of life; be obedient .to your parents. The Ilelief Societies aro endeavoring to establish homo manufacture, to get . -- Ask tho brethren4 to assist in digging and planting, but do all you can yourselves. Sisters, meet often together. Many men say, "yhat need for women to get together and gossip about their neighbors." Brethren, como and and seo ancjl understand what Relief Societies are for. . Sorao men. say "my wife has plenty to do at home;" cden deny themselves sometimes and give their wives a chance? The Lord has given intelligence to both, they are equally dependent on each other, tho man at the head, the woman as his counselor. Presi. dent Young has got tho machinery to mako silk; let us get the mulberries and raise tho silk. can-,no- tr Withrespect J Sec. S. Agnes Armstrong, ; Letter from Kaab, July : ; 16th, JZxvoxEXTy The sisters of the United Order Of Kahab were organized March 27th, 1875. Wo, do not call tho organization a 'Relief Society there being one iu tho place previous to our organization. Wo call ourselves The Si- d- - 1 ''.Hl'uy'X foreign. Jlrs. Ehoda B. Young, Treasurer; Mrs. Ly-di- a Young, Secretary; n We desire to do all we can to help to ourselves. We meet once a week for working, and once a month for ageneral meeting, a good spirit prevailing. July 8h, wo held our monthly, meeting; there wero present, Bishop L. D. Young of "Salt Lake City, Brother Joseph A. Young of ' Richfield, and a number of other brethren. Brother John R. Young explained the nature and object of our organization. Brother Joseph A. Young said tho spirit of these meetings is from tho right source and they are calculated to be a blessing1 to thoV sisters; spoke of the influence wielded by mothers in families in teaching their children correct principles whilo young. Said the United Order will eventually; draw in and embrace everything pertaining to the kingdom, and direct and control tho affairs of the church. Said it was our duty to do good to all the needy, whether in the church or out of it, nurse the sick and afflicted.' Said it wa3 tho" poor not the wealthy that needed temporal assistance. Brother L. D. Young snoke on the samo subjects, said mothers should, instruct their daughters in household and other duties that they may be qualified for the responsible p wition of wives and mothers. One thing in particular ho iiienii.jncd "wis, tiiat Wo should teach our children not to speak evil of any person, and set them tho example ourselves. Jesu3 said, "do good to all Ho men;" strive to draw all around-us- . said "my idea is, sisters, do all tho good you can, and no evil." Spoke of the necessity of teaching our children the principles of faith a3 soon as they can. understand, impress it on their minds, that they may retain it when they, grow' older. Asked tho Lord to bless us in our endeavors to establish ?the United Order in this place. President . J. Lewis said the Jiad been well pleased with the meeting, thanked our brethren for their kindness in visiting us; wished tho Liters to "treasure up the excellent instructions they Jiad heard and profit : . '.. . thereby. : ; . ! ; : . '' . : r fersonal. ; l" ': Judge Fisher has tendered his resignation as U. S. District Attorney for the district of Mills df'Md. is Columbia,' and to fill the yacency...... Miss Mary Starley, of London,5 was tho originator of tho- Floral Mission by; which tho hospitals' on both of the Atlantic aro adorned with flowers which refresh and gladden the sicki...'.Tho life of ,Dean Swift is boirig preiiarcd for publication by Ir. John Forster. . .. ; General Garfield Is : ex-Govern- or - ; . . tV'.;;i """ al sus-tai- ; V-- ......Tito British Syrian schools for girls wnicu wero organizeu in ioov navo now , 000 pupils. .....Tho Emperor. Francis Joseph ; has sent to the at Austrian Cbrisul-GpnerVenice, tho sum of $2,000 'for thft poor.M... Armies of rats have, for several years, des- troyed ; tho crops of tho Younjoo Karens In Burmah......Tho statue of Bichard Baxter, was uuyailedt Kiddermlristei Jjuly 28th: ho wa3 a zealous laborer in tho cause of re ligion between tho yearsr154l;ahdl606 in that town; and tho author of "Tho Saints An excursion is being1 organized Best.". in Genoa, to visit the International exhibition next year... ... Tho American Palestino Expedition left London, July lQthj for Liverpool, expecting to cmbarkifor Egypt "en route" for 3eyroute; Col. Lane, Prof. Mer-ri- tt and Mr. Grant yero with tho lcompany .. ..V.The British rand Foreign Bible Society last year received $100,310. :: - riet M. Brown, First Vice- - President; MrsJ Harriet Bunting, Second Vice president; " 1 ed do; and help tage than we could otherwise : build up Zion. The organization by unanimous vote was, Mrs. Emily J. Lewis, President; Mrs. Har- e land this season ; is over $12,000000. 1.... in There is to be a religious paper print Egypt, in the Arabic language...... A ! monument like Humbolt's in New York, is being erected in "Magnolia Cemetry, Charleston, D. C. to William Gilmore Sims .tho distinguished Sou thern novelist... . .A circus exhibiting" in La Crosse, Wis., was 'struck .by a'hmrricano'i recently Thero was several terriblo tumult and- - confusion-anA ..... cyciomo persons seriously .injured. passed through Harveysburg, Indiana, on the 24th of Julyf fiiyo , women u were- killed .A hhd much;aHagQ'tlono' to . property slight carthquako was .felt in Hartford, Conn, on the,28th of July, and with greater :lprceTin the western rtofthe State : , ; by strikes in Eng- It is estimated the loss ; sters of the United Order of Kanab. Tho object is that wo may assist in tho prosperity of the Order to a better advan- - A SPLINTERS. ? ; re-baptiz- Tf io w frnfin .7 y .n O v " 7th uv r that we have truly had a feast of godd 'things and,xafter Ithe f ivjslt of theso brethren to go to vorfc with renewed energy, and strive through perseverance to gain the re ward laid ,up An storq for , tho faithful. LYDiA. iouNG, secretary. .Wo feel ; : will-ronu- 43 silk. "Wo have heard that you make very handsome straw trimmings - jh JEphralm. God bless you. Amen, r ; , : V Sister Howard followed on the samo subjects, and sppko beautifully. Sister Barney wai also preseut but did not address us. The sisters hope to have many such meetings, and pray God to --bless the sisters from 'U' Salt Lake. '; thci-2On Sunday of June, tho anni-- r ' versary of the martyrdom of tho Prophet and Patriarch" Joseph ;xirid Hyfum Smith, Brothers John Taylor, Orson Hyde, Brigham Young, jr., Lorenzo gnaw, Bishop Canute Peterson and others, were, . into the United Order. joy, lovej peace, longsuffering, patiehce, , N E N T. rapidly recovering his Mrengthi and expects , to take part in tho Ohio campaign ...... Isaac M. Singer tho inventor of tho sewiqg ma-- " chine, died in London, J;dy 23rd, aged CI .....Garibalda recently - a visit toCivita : 7 i- . - nut Vecch ia - and- - was .enthusiastically, Celia v., ....lie greeted. J3ualelgb, tho, well knotn woman suffrage ad vocato and preacher, died at Syracuse, July 27th, aged i8) To understand tho world Is wiser than to condemn it. To study the world i3 better than to shun iU .To use the world is better than to abuso it. To make4ho world better, lovelier and happier is the noblest wprk of man or woman. .... , , " , . . . The opportunity , of making happy is moro scarce than we imagine; the punish; ment 'of missing it, never .to meett with it again; and the uso wo mako'of it'leavcs us an eternal sentiment of, ratlsfaeUon.or re-- . . 