WOMAN'S EXPONENT 26 ' that the promise is only to tho faithful, knowing that those who endure to the end, will be saved in the kingdom of our Heav- For the UxrosENT. 1 SOWING WILD OATS. Youns ladies, this scrap Is for jour brothers and beaux,) Tes, boys, you are young, an& you hare a just rijht To live lives of freedom and ceaseless delight. Ko one should curtail your glad, happy ways, .Nor darken with your bright, sunny days; ambition promotes, and both For laughter health sow yourwlld oa ts. and So have your own fun, boys, :. But TThile you are passing thiia gaily along, to no do wrong. right Dear boys, recollect you've Don't pUuie yourselves subject to shame or distrust. By being Imprudent, rash, vain or unjust; x , Don't swindle each other In exchange of coats Dont swear, drink or gamble while sowing wild oatsy iont speak of "the governorr "old man!! and such; y And your motherl you canijot respect her too much. , care-clou- ds 5 ; ! i gla not Against your elders by actian or tonguo But tLlnk- -lf you Uv, JrouTI not always be young. Down the swift tide of time each unconsciously floats, So be wise, kind and gentle while sowing wild oats. I ; 1 , , I ; . : . DonU think that to work Is aegradlnsr pr low, If, uo wheat is planted there'll be none to grow; TWt officiously seek to ha fed from the store , . L Uf the humble who toil, 'the mdustrtous poor; Nor bo guilty of venturing Illegal votes, ' Bo honest and para though you're sowing wild oats. When some fair, ycrang'creatuTe, as fancy may flit, Admires your stjle, or la charmed by your wit, DoirKtnfc that to please her, and merely for sport, You'll make sou. distentions to love and to court; Don't woo to deceive her, words, or with notes, " And go back on tho plea,of your soma .14 04. Seek fame as you will, with the mallet or pen,' .But lay your foundations for good, worthy men; . And build there upon'noble structures and fine, Walking stralght.in the way of the Master divine; Nor wish to extend or escape from tho moats,' Ho has placed for your saSety In sowlojg: wild oats. Eu-e- " n E. D. " Pabkeb President, GAivE-BNKi- t Secretary. - 5 n 'I i with tho minutes which "had been- read there on that occasion. Sho then mentioned tlie subject, of, sericulture and; said it was then tho proper time to save the rnulberry i; - i'ii t - t i : ecd.!l .a' . d ,Re- - trenenment Association, held June 8 th 1875. Meeting opened by singing: and prayer. Minuteaof tho last meeting read and ap- -. : proved. Brother Zebedee Colttin, of Spanish Fork, (who was present by request,) then addressed tho sisters. Said ho was always pleased to meet with tho saints, : and espebrethren and siscially withthe younger -who had just set out 1o 1 form themters, selves into societies to pray, to talk with each other on tHoJ principles of the Gospel arid to te1 instructed nthem.' These 'were ; the most important subjects on ; hich wo could receive iristfuctiobj. they cdncerned alike our" condition hereafter. Such societies were being formed in almost every settlement - where the saints had gathered, and in: some places the brethren ias well as the sisters had ' associated ; themselves jfor this purpose, to and tyiit' thelr;eyil;practicesr Said if the sisters would persevere in discouraging the attentions of the yoiing men who drank and used tobacco, the latter finding exclusion from' their society a .greater deprivation than they could well bear, would natu-- k rally turn over a new leaf,' and act in such a way as to render themselves agreeable com panions,- He would rather follow his daughters' to thegraye than to see them associating with those who followed' suchvevil practices, arid from such society lie constantly kept them. He spoke of the present s, extravagant style of dress among the said formerly a sister could be known as far as she could bo seen, but now he did not dare to speak to on whom 'hbiiad kuown for years until she was close enough for him to bo sure ho; was addressing the sisters right persori. Ho also cautionedihe ' and Th said en against tight lacing, called upon, as ho frequently was, to admister to young women he could hardly get faith ; Vibgen City,' Kane County, "21 1875. .y'':V;'';S-:n, Editor Exponent: ' r i By I request of tho President of tho Ro-llSociety in this placcI will send- a few , lines to you for publication in your valuable paper, which ve peruse with .pleasure. AVo held'our Annual 'Meeting on Monday the 31st of May.1 It is seven years since wo' organized in tho capacity of a Relief Bocie- - -ty, with no other, object; in view but to do good to those around us, and we have con.' ef - 1 1 tluned steadfast from the commencement. a settlement hero of about '.Wo'aro , thirty, families and very little money,-- what wo accomplish by our. own labor, arid' vhaf wo have to sell, brings us somo little means towards helping tho ' work along; Ye try to bo saints, and to live our religion, realizing " After singing the meeting was! dismissed by' Brother "Carso- m- Aoiirnedforne -- " ,r- -'- re-for- m " -- - s sis-tor- D. Dukant, Secretary. Payson, Juno 19th, Report of - tho 1875. MuniglAdiesetrehch-ment-Societ- y l' :v odr.ttt-yi- biv:t t After the usual opening exercises,' Prest. Martha f Simons introduced ;XSr?l 2iria B. Young who then expressed her pleasure in seeing 6o manyyourier of the many dutieS ."that; rdevolved; cupon tnem,:and their mission hero on earth; en- xreatea or tnem not to associate with gers, but to set an example worthy of imitation, and to shun tko company Qf those who indulged in light frivolQus'faJk orslang phrases, said th ere was no time to yaste, that groat jmpoftancowas attachedj to the subject ; of Hoice- - Industey. Sr. Barney foUowed endorsing' ail fir. Yoiing had said. She deprecated in strong teriris tho reading of light iiteraturearid ;soiicited subscribers for the .Woman's Exponent" t and 'Juve" J ; ;l nile Instructor." V asAtinthe close toof the." meeting a carriaero convey tho ladies to tho waiting bV escorted SOmO Of tho hrfithrAn nnd depot several of tho sisters, feeling- - to bless them for their teachings, ; ";;'M;-; A. H kmrrr 'r - sisters-Dfesent-DOkf- i ; s ; , t Editor 1 - Ada A. 'f' - 1 - ' ". ' . .sixth meeting of ; the YoungLadies . i : our-reseht)ife,:an- Counselor Mrs. P. .Woodruff made some most excellent and appropriate5 remarks. Mrs. sr. P. Young; Mrs; JrHbwe,' Mrs. M. E. Watmough; Mfs;1; 'East,-anMrs. Foss, all spoke impressively :of tho work now in progress, and the great mission given to woman to assist in- establishing the Kingdom of God Upon tho earth, v - : Fairfield July - 1st 1875. Editot Exponent vv By request of our President I send for publication the following minutes ofthe R. S. REPORTS. rf , : Tho meeting of tho Senior and Junior Retrenchment Associations held in tho Fourteenth Ward Assembly Rooms, June 20th, 1875, was presided over by Counselor Mrs. Zina D. Young, in absence of the President Mrs. M. I. Home. In her opening remarks she alluded' to the sisters : who .were absent South;-i- Sanpete Ca; and remarked though they wero away from tho meeting they would not forget it; but would be unit--: ed in spirit with those who wero there, She expressed heriblf particularly' gratified , -- enly Father. Our Annual Meeting was well attended at the Hall. President SisterTParker, invited her husband Bishop John Parker and Bro. Jepson'first Counselor to the Bishop 'to attend the meeting; they thankfully accepted tho invitation. Tho meeting was at 2 o'clock agreeable to appointment; called to order by the President of tho Society. Singing and prayer. Minutes of the last meeting were then read. - The visiting committee then gave in their report Next cam a report respecting the condition of thO Society. Sister Isabella Hilton, a teach- er in ho societyidiedi since our Jastimeet- ing; sho was a worthy member and died full in tho faith; leaving aiargo circle of friends; ySVe miss her societyias we do that of many . other faithful sisters. SisterTParker gave" some very good instruction. Sho has always endeavored to impart to us counsel in meek-- , cess and humility. Sister Jepson bore testimony in the same spirit Bishop . Parker spoke encouragingly to the society "wished ' doing andl they: them to persevere in would gain an exaltation; felt to bless them &c. ,Bro. Jepson sanctioned what the Bishop said tc; ' Meeting adjourned for two weeks Dismissed by Bishop Parker. Yours with respect, : .'.-- . '. cnougn to do as he was requested, they had so injured - themselves by improper and foolish habits. As for liquor though men and wornen too said i t did them good, he could not believe it. It gave them false strength for the time, but when that had passed off they felt worse than ever. . He exhorted them to perseverance, - and to continue in good works that they might not loso tho reward that they desired to win. Brother Carson followed in a few remarks of much the same nature; said that if the sisters followed Jhe good counsel which had j ust. been; given them, th ey would , e ventu. allybecomehe ives orgood imen and that they need not fear they would have i o remain single because theyl persevered in ?eovo City. June 17th. 187o. : Woman's Exponent: The ladies ofthe several iRelief Societies our city; met liUhe Meeting House by appointriaent understanding 'that Sr. 'Zina and from Salt-Eabe present to instruct them in 1 their duties as members of Relier Societies, and especially to encourage them fo en gage in tho business of sericulture- - ' A goodly number of the sisters weropresent and they were agreeably Sr. rprise E. R.. Snow was in tho ;starid, having- come especially to meet with' the"sisters "of Irovo by the morning train. After--' irigirig'nd prayer br. m, i. Kmoot introduced Sr. E. R Snow, who expressed 'her: joy In: meeting wun xnem again ana trien proceeded to in- them in their duties :in cgeheral, as struct ; mothers and daughters in Israel. Especially : enjoiniri upon mothers tcr"instruet their children in ' tho principles of the Gospel; but was afraid that in some cases, mothers devoted too much of the bodies cof itheir daughters; todressing the 'neglect ; of the : instruction", of their' minds" in those principles which would causo: them; to , grow;up;as useful mem'beri of society;v alluded to the superficial education of young ladie3, which only'fitted them for society as the world understand it butwomeh, members of the Church of Jesus Cnrist of Saints, should cultivate themselves and 'children ;in ;lhoso principles .which Would make them fit society for tho pure Of B.-Youri- g other-sisters- ko 1 City-wou- ld tnhat - . time-to-th- e . , Eat-ter-d- T ay 