Vol. No. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, JANUARY 1, 1875. 3. A HAPPY NEW YEAR. On the first day of each dawning year Branch, Romhey and Snow (not Prcst.) have leased the Gardener's Club Hall, for purposes of amusement, and are erecting a stage and getting in scenery preparatory to giving some raiiomu amusuint;is iur uio Jiunuaa, and many of the long wintori evenings. For the moment adieu. and readers everywhere, and will end by giving a few hints that may aid us in gain- ing that blessing, that adds so much to our strength, our; courage, our hope, our power to euaure, the body Happiness comes and mind healthvr and stron jr. Happiness comes from the overflow of life. - True, many are happy who are not healthy, but they are lavored mortals. Happiness comes FROM TIIK "HERALD OF HEALTH." it , the custom of nearly all civilized men and women, throughout the world,, to address each other in salutations of smiling, cheer and mutual good wishing, It is a very an cieritand beautiful custom. uiu earin wouiu be a sad and dreary home to us all without such recurriner occasions for gleeful and kindly greetings. Yet, beautiful as this glad custom is, it ,would be still more beautiful if the words in which its import is conyeved wTcro not so very frequently contradicted by the acts wfticn. accompany -- it. -- A young to make his man enters the drawing-rooNew Year's call. The ladies with joyous greeting and happy New Year wishings, perhaps proffer the wine glass, and thus sanction a habit and a custom that will al most certainly make the New Year an un- happy one. There is certainly no Happy New Year to be found in this way of wish- ing it. Oh! fine and beautiful friends, do not in your mistaken obedience to fashion and custom-- a custom of a darker day than ours. with the light of science and progress beamingon itpermit yourselves to become allies of such "a tempter. But we must not confine our New Year's salutation entirely -is , . , ng by-keepi- - jt from wholesome occupation. It also comes from "u.mva aud recreation. comes from It study and reflection.:, It comes from moderate wealth 'i wiselyused. It comes from friends, aud sweet commun ion with those we love. It comes from homes and children. It comes from love to God and man. It comes from the joys of pure and unde- - : m 15 Flora. FACTS AND FIGURES. opened recently her 175th academic - Yale r oVom!ntnQ fl,winn m fAr I - him na wii'i riMiiiiir formerly, so that ijt can iinif'ii i 111 iii. rm-- i l i 11 11 no longer hold true, as was formerly said, that she was "easy to enter but hard to stay in."- . - - Paris dispatches say tho Rothschilds have advanced 30,000,000 reals to the Span " ish Government,and totho bankers of Madrid filed religion. It comes from hope and love, faith and 15,000,000 reals more. Humors prevail that Don Carlos is negotiating with ex-charity. Jt is tho gift of God to those who lovo Queen Isabella; him, and wisely use what he has bestowed Count Zobowitz, an Austrian Lieutenant, on them. Let us, then, one and all, as the New Year breaks on our vision, wish each Htely made a heavy bet that ho would ride other a happy New Year, and each do some- - irom Vienna 10 I'aris on one norso m micen won his bet, being just twelve thing to make it so. not only for ourselves days. He but for others., Then shall joy fill our hearts, minutes within the time. and his horse show ing no signs of fatigue. He was received and life bo sweet and beautiful. at the Barriero du Trone by 2,000 people. The bets on the event are said to bo more to our lady friends. There are young men, FROM ST. GEORG E. ... than $1,000,000. brothers and friends, whom we desire to council: and we pray you who have hereto In Russia there is but one physician to 17th December, 1874. fore toyed with" this fashionable, practice of dl- 17,000 souIsV Insonie of ihof provincial ' sipping wine on New Years day to do so no Bear Extonentjvisions, the disproportion is still creator. longer. It opens a door which you may a nouceu an uem m a laie iiumoeroi your un one. Liierdink, there i3 oply ono to every never be able to shut; it unchains a monster excellent paper, in which it is asserted that 30,000 persons. There is only ono hospital that may devour you as you lie helplessly io every 175,00o, one ;iying-Ih- hospltanto chained to tho habit.. 'x ! , . " - - ; . j fi flflrt tUAmpn nnrl huf. 'n'tin m But wino drinking on "hew Year's day is could wish every other little town and big one not the only habit that curses and dwarfs our too3oulq. follow the example. that jtem race, ii it were we couiu soon oust u irom is worthy oi remarK, x ieei io piace Utah on its abode and send it to the dark and forgot- - the credit list too. There are, in our Terri: past. Thocurse of lethargy lies like a tory. over one hundred cities and , towns, spell on many promising youths, who are sur- - containing populations varying from ono rounded by wealth and all their hearts de- - hundred to twenty thousand. Out of the sire, so they do not . rouse themselves to a number, there are as many as seventy-fiv- e nropor appreciation of the dignity and cities and towns, that grant no licenses to grandeur of life. To all such we say: Cut sell spirits, and have no saloons; among the yourselves loose from your moorings and number I am 'proud to place our delightful throw yourselves into the current of life's city in the lead, upon that list we have no . work, and fight its battles nobly, making tho saloons, gaming houses, nor any, institution , earth brighter and better for your life. Then that is a breeder of immorality or crime, .there is tho curse of overwork and worry, ,Ve have made, the past season, 20,000 gal- that grinus away ine lives ui uiu, very uusi ions oi wine, anu yei, i nave net seen a of our kind, long- - before they should, go drunken man in three months, I might say six.r leaving a void .that cannot be tilled. Then I XI l jnow, are wo not excusable ior the excr again there is tho curse oi agnorauce, mai wrecks multitudes that are wortrh saving; cise of a little modest pride for our adopted land the .curse .of tobacco, that - befouls our city?, as well as for all others, who refuse to fair land from end to end, and the curse of put the cup t another's lip. y The weather is charming. I disease, that might and should be blotted curse of tho fresh the two from worse and great picked .than all, garden bouquets out; sensualitv. that hides its head in the heart for tho mantle. My house plants; are, jloing land soul of the land, and fouls and blots the finely, and it would give me pleasured an- fair face of humanity, till all cry out to God swer any queries of those who desire a!4 or - for help. Oh I friend and brothers, these information tending to the increase of beau- curses it beloners to us to remove. Shall wo tiful flowers, or delicious fruit. The work not do it? Shall we not, as the,.Neyr Year oh the temple is very rapidly progressing, I -ourselves to the lam told :tbat fifty -- to dawns on ou revision,-rous- e Herculean task, and throw off the loads placed on the walls. President .Young seems to bo in good :Which .weigh m . dqwn?i But we must not preach a long sermon, with a long face, and health and excellent spirits. I tow Mm talc so wo wish a Happy New Year to friends ing an airing in his carriage Bros, pwrv : - 3.180 Dersons. LITTLE FOLICS'; DICTIONARY. . A writer in the SchooJday. JMagazine! has gathered together the following dictionary of 'wordi. as definod by certiiin; mall people here and, there: , . ,t ' ' r " mm Back-bit- out -- I -- ; to-da-y. r: thing to - brush tho warm off Ice- - v . ' A fishe's wingi. Fins : ; . ; . ,. Water. that stayed out in the. cold ftnd went to sleep., : ! Shut-eye-tim- e. FanA With.-rr; ; Mud with the juice all squeezed Dust m s A flea. er Bed-tim- e . To-da- ; ; : A. ltif "n1 dumb institution to every 11,000 inhabi- tants. In tho army,there Is one hospital to every 5,000 men. Prussia has. one surgeon to e very 1,250 soldiers. Italy has one phys-te- n cian to everv 2.280. and Enkind tn pvnrv Jf I m r,; J :u little boy with a tail MonkeyA very The tegg the. old hen measures : rV byrto make new ones. Pig-i hog's little boy. Salt What makes your potato ta3to bad :.. when you don't put any on. : , j-Snoring Letting off sleep. : Snow Bain all poped out white,rr:-v Stars The moon's eggs. ; the all Wakefulness Eyes time, coming . Nest-eg- g . A ; : . , : r , unbu; toned. ; A Small Catechism . , . , . , ICi ttenchism. : 