Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, AUGUST 15, 1875. 4. DEDICATED TO A FRIEND. i The very heavens beamed radiant with sml'.esi , On that auspicious and eventful day, When angels bore thee, fred from gin and rulle, To share with mortals life's uncertain way; Plucked fresh from an Immortal paradise. i . sdI anted In a new and uncongenial clime. . To fulfill laws, which Nature's works comprise; ' : ; with time. purpose to achieve, Thou didst consent within thy Father's Royal Court, To take upon thyself this mortal form we wear, And In His image here, through good or ill report "Having kept thy first estate, fit and prepare , " - For thy return unto tho loved ones there, Who blessed, in mighty power, thy going forth, Pronounced thee wonhy eternal life to share, If thou with honor, fill thy mission on the earth. The Fates, propitious at thy birth, 'gave thee a noble mind A soul of generous impu'se, in itself Jnnateiy pure; A quick perception, a character refined, .Firin in Integrity and purpose to endure. These qualities with knowledge will fill the measure Which thy Creator has ordaiaed for thee, . Not left to rust as undeveloped treasures, But givn in trust to be redeemed by usury. She who endowed with rarest gifts and powers. Bore thee in pain, and moulded first thy infant mind, Transmitted unto thee a mother's priceless dower;.! Of truest sympathy and innocenca combined, And in maturer years fullest and best V Or blessings given thee upon the earth, Bestowed in fulness with divine behest, Tho Holy Priesthood Jcoph Smith brought forth. " , much comfort and consolation a few, kind and gentle words can give. Then, ray sisters, let us be as. kind and affectionate to one another as possible,1 for we. do not know how soon sorrow and trouble may come upon us, and then Is the time that we will need true" friends and those; who. prove them- selves ourfriends therryare: true indeed for they aro'"friends in need.' , " , But there is one Friend who will never prove false or unkind to us if we will obey His commands and do His will. And that wo each may strive so to do, that we may bo saved in His kingdom with the honor and; glory thereof, is the prayer of NOTES AND NEWS. Mr. Gladstone, of England will publish his three essaysTheyatican! "Vaticanism' and the . "PopeV Speeches"; In one volume, entitled "Rome and the ex-Prem- " r co-incid- ent . II M. B. : - Fletcher. .' " , . . , March 21st, 187' ,'- ' - v Emile. ' For tho Exponent. , KI1D WORDS. How many bitter tears have been shed, how many hours of sadness have been passed because of an unkind wordf and sometimes even a look; and at the same time that word or look injures the giver even more than it does the one who receives it. And again, how many hours of pleas-ur- e we sometimes spend in thinking over a kind and pleasant word. And how many sinking "hearts have been made to hope again by a gentle act or a few kind and And it is just as easy to say kind Words as it is to say unkind ones. The Exponent say? kind words are the bright flowers of earthly existence;' they are jewels beyond price. Then let us school ourselves to always use them. A kind word is sometimes looked back upon with a pleasant remembrance for a life time. We all know,how much easier it is to associate a mean act with one who always ' speaks crossly and unkindly, than it is to believe evil of one who is always associated in our minds with pleasant looks and kind words. And; how much better wo enjoy ourselves in the company of one who always speaks pleasantly and kindly, than wo do In the company of one who always looks cross and speaks snappishly and sneeringly. There is an old proverb, which says, "a happy heart makes a smiling visage;" how can we expect to gain a happy heart except in contributing to the happiness for. true happiness can never bo gained by merely gratifying our own selfish desires; and how can wo expect to bestow happiness If we do not speak kindly. But we cannot expect always to look happy, for sometimes our hearts are heavy with sorrow, and then none may know except those who havo had tho experience, how A. .. . ' .- . - . Friends often meet, and spend an evening or a few hours in social visit and then leave without feeling in the least degree benefited. Perchance we meet a friend, whoso, mind i3 stored with useful .knowledge, a few moments spent in conversation with r such a person refreshes; the spirit, and gives more satisfaction thandaya spent in Idle man; married early in.lifc, arid was elected to office when very young. Alderman at 22 ' a meipber of Congress ;at 26; afterwards Governor of Tennesee, then. United States Senator from that State. In 1S65 .bo was elected with Abraham Lin- com as jf resident,. ana arter tho assassination of Lincoln, filled the highest position of : honor and trust in this country. j Mr. Wade, the British ministeraiPekin gives the following testimony In regard to the use of opium: "It is, to me, in vain to think otherwise of the use tof ; the drug in China, than as of a habit many times more pernicious, nationally speaking1, than tho gin and .whiskey drinking which we deplore at home. It takes possession more insldnv: ously, and keeps its hold to the full as" tenaciously. I know no case of radfral pnrn: Tf has insured, In every caso within my knowledge, the steady descent, moral ahd physi- u my ouiuiwcr, uuu it, is ooifLT a greater mischief than drink that it does not, by external evidence of its effecty expose its victim to the loss of repute, which is the p nal-t- y of habitual drunkenness. Recently, thero has been sbino considemhlfl feelfnfp in Vnti land expressed against . theopium trade; as carried on now between British India and - . - ; gossip so common in society,. How necessary itis to jlmprovo the present moment; in looking forward: to; future' life recollect we are not to Rencounter all its, crosses at: once, every moment; bears jits own little burden then flies, and 4s succeeded by one can bo borne so: can; another, other,-ithe present moment is all we have to do with, the future is uncertain. Resolve then, to do right. The common error is to resolve or next week, but now this once we must go on the same a3 to ever; it is easy for the most resolve the next time they, are provoked. they will not let their metder overcome them; but the victory would be to make tho effort at the present moment.; There is a transcendent power in example, wo reform others unconsciously when we walk upright ly. A reform should take place, it is better, to strive and fail, than not to have a iwill to strive at all. There is no end to Intelligence' that might bo gained, by study, by reading, and by reflecting. This world is full of .pleasant and beautiful, things; learn to prize those priceless gems of intelligence. Character is the eternal temple that each one begins to rear; cultivate highly the raw to-morr- Vice-rreside- nt . . ; . , : ; ed . v, . i . . - ! . ent, ex-Presid- Take, care pf the minutes, and tho hours will take care of themsolves. Wo should endeavor to, make the. best use of our time? f " . TIME IS PRECIOUS. r--- - EXPONENT : lov-ing.wor- ds. of-other- ' For the ? ;' bt ' . , UAIVt;tUU ItUUAWUtJ who have been known to two generations, of English readers fis eontrihntersi tn litpmtnr The Earl of Shaftesburv. soeakinc? far thm, referred .:. to their :wri ting as: healthy and sound in.principle. The testimonial begun at the time ; of their golden wedding tlast year, it consisted of a.Xund of fifteen hundred pounds sterling, for their benefit, mado Up by. six hundred men and women in Engf land and America, :t '" Andrew Jfonksoxj 'seveniecnth ' President of the United States, and tho only died at the residence of his daughter in Tennessee, July 31st; from ah Your Sister and Friend, - Alice JL. V A FEW, DAYS airo. in iLondon.'a tpstimn- - - ; : V-- ier : ; material furnished by the hearts own fountain; nature in all her laws is just, then cultivate into existence the best attributes that God has sown in the earth of Our natures, which gives us Indepcndence,andnot reject the truthful monitor, the Holy Spirit; and through obedience to every law which God reveals, men become kings and priests, and women queens and priestess. Study no matter how old we aro ve can improve. If wo wish to become noblo women we must make ourselves such by our own merits; Sisters awake, be up and doing, strive to live the life of saints and the victory will bo ours. ' self-improveme- ICif o w tdiyselp One boving tq mo Pd seen long ago, said I, Who art? ho said, J do not know; I said, I know, thee, I, said he, know you; but he; who knows himself I never knew. x, - Bountiful Aug. Cth, 1875. M. J. C. r' George Cury Eglestoh argue?' that i . not pay, as a business, to'marry a 'rich-wife' His observation leads him to believo' that the expense of maintaining such a wife is usually, greater than, tho Income which" her property can bo made to yield. . ' 1 nt f : Josn Billings says: , ' "IX you aro going to give a man any thing, give it tohim cheer--full- y and quick, don't mako him get down5, on his knees in front of you and1 listen to tho ten commandments and then' glvb hte ' .: five cents." . 