,f t5Ws i ' -- : U f : ' '. ft f. , ycy VI i t"'ri :.fWV.'; V":K; 'Vr;-'";fe-j--:7.77- rj M'-- 7:yoi-s.7 cess is resorted to in most families. I Iceep both eyes open and my lips closed. My The law requires, that railroad .compa- heart aches to see the condition of women nies shall pay to the government, five per and children. Monogomy is a curse to any cent of their net earnings. It appears that nation; I long for freedom 'fcjr my country the Union Pacific railroad companies infra vo women.' not acted in conformity with the law in this respect, in consequence of which suits have-PROBLEM. TO JKOTES AND NE W& ; . : ; nf Hnfl in man do Ave find salvation anu exaltation promised to any individual who has received a knowledge of God, only through proving his or her Integrity by sac''-.v:'- rifice. S. Do all the Mormon ; v.' r v iadstako Jliat ViewoCthasubject?--3 3L They accept polygamy as alrovelation from God, believing it p'?o;:avcommnd TRYINa SQLVJ3 THE been commenced against them. Peora Illinois," has tho honor of having , A lady .visiting Salt Lake. City, chanced S. Do youTihlnk it hasra-- tendency to relately elected tho first woman Bank Direct- to'; Mi in company: with a Mormon lady; ' generate posterty ? or in this country. She is Lydia Bradley,' when tho. following conversation ensued. a widowand - very wealthVHerrnew posi-tio- n Stranger. HowJong have yoiCresided-jwill probably, prove her to be'also the paternal laws that should govern maternity were understood' and carried out, posterity possessor of more honesty .than many of her 3Iormon. Nineteen years. it , , would be greatly improved. ., : gentlemen predecessors yho have held like .,8 Are you a Mormon? o . : Mormon women will 1 offices of trust. . S. Do you think continue to sustain plurality.; under the S. J. suppose you are , acquainted with Op the convicts who have entered the present circumstances? 1 l 7 New Hampshire S tatb Prison during a num- President Young and famUy? ; M. I beliove every true woman will de' M. Iam, ber of years, tho gentleman employee! as r fend it under all circumstances, when, she's Chaplin, states that only about one in six ;' S. How many wives has he got? i ; J - r convinced that it could read or write. Not one from any M. ,1 do not know, but those I am acquain- ' :wc admit that it is true,' it comes so If K . ; women. an been learned profession has ever inmate ted with are noblo in contact with my feelings, I never could of do think of the prison. This is but one instance in a , What you Brigham Young? bear it. -- favor of education j but theuworld hasrown thinkJiis history Cprpveshim t to be M. A noblo woman will not consult her wise, and ignorance is now almost univer- -' one of j the greatest benefactors of the pre- feelings when she is fully persuaded that a sent age. J sally considered the chief cause of crime. whole people is to bo benefitted. There wa3 do you consider him a pubwhat In TS., Josephine, the wife of Napoleon; and also The' Pools in !( New York and' "what Js'to lic benefactor? Abraham's wife who were called to become Yof them," has grown into a1 jtob-le31. He has not only; gathered the poor Sarah, such sacrifices, and whoso names are of' astounding! magnitude; . ;Thefe are from the nations ibf theTearth by preaching make f honorable remembrance. held in t said ;to be:''one'-hMiedTWMnlyninp but reclaimed the desert, which the S. I admit your reasoning is philosophithousand sev- has Sgospel, thousand people living becomeL a fruitful field and ' peaceful en hundred tenements, out of employment home for: the oppressed of all nations. cal, and yet I cannot see how they can bo and existing entirely by the aid they - reHave you received evidences of the happy.Be M, ceive from public and private charity.; Arid truth of Mormonlsm? happy in doing right and trying to , rj" elevate and save woman from tho prostitu:i the horrors of this wretched pauperism in- :rM.rhave.. ; y: tion and disgrace which curses the whole crease daily. Can the increase of crime in i. S. What aro they ? r ;;? nation with degeneracy and darkness. New York bo wondered at? When liynvestlgatedthedorine S. So you think polygamy is caicuiatea to ; "The SxJisLAAlaflairy of which so much taught by tho missionaries I found them to elevate do you? ; woman 7 7 has been said, and .much more might be be the same as those contained in the Bible, 31. I think that was the desigu of our from the recent occurrence of and prayed earnestly to God to make known Creator in A: revealing it. ' saidarising the Stated Governor (marching a body of to me li lie naa reveaieu xumstju uy iuumr than to S. I would rather have IU. S.. Militia into the, Legislative fhabV in festlons of Sis power as he did anciently ; I have a dozen see I do not ;how a New .Orleans, to settle t embarrassing ques received a testimony that I 'cannbt doiibt, man can take lackeys. care of so many children. 7 tions by force of arms instead of by force of and this is the reason that 1 am here.' ' ' 31: God takes caro of those, who keep His argument- - will stand as a precedente mthe - 8.' Do yoii believe in polygamy?! commandments.' If you were going to form :: annals of , American history. Whether the fw-would you lesson it teaches will prove to- be one of S. What evidences have you that polyga- a colony, or; ;fighla battle, ;who commanu coma " ''! call upon: the man who benefit to the nation or otherwise, f time my is acknowledged of God? ;' ' ; twentv sons or the man with live? i inust decide, j M.: have .history 'of he ancient tatri-kreh- s .foirr 6 If you have: a Napoleon perhaps' hd lias God that and the given Mormon think testimony wonien What the really can command five thousand. I ' ,y .about ' polygamy, many j curious people are me,' that it is accepted ofHim. ; 3f. The revelations of God teach; us that anotner wife? husband H& follow-8: to ascertain.-The your i ' anxiously striving : . it is a' blessing for man !to perpetuate his ' He has;;: Grand at written a from extract letter v;", ing : upon "the learth, and; a cwrso . if he namof consent? did And frbm a your you give Jan prominent 29th, lady Bapids, i loses nis identity. in tho east, of this city, now visiting friends :' s. I lia,ve been very 'much interested Jn shows what her opinions ' upon' tho ' vexed 'SAreputhe'S the conversation, and regret that I have to V'.?.' ... looked u , social into '; ,.(. question are, after having - go on tho train at four "o'clock. wiUi did liyo ypurliusyou lonj? circles' abroad. It also evinces that dthor a;IIow 3f. We, aFa peoplertakb pleasure in disanother? iook before he band as as connected well those reflecting women, ' abusing the minds of strangers when they with the churchy are partially awakening to h'Mi Fifteen yearsl greatly lived in polygamy ? visit us, as wo are aware that we are you a sense of the- - necessity' for some change to n": S. How lqng have :. abroad. " 7 "' misrepresented take place, that a decisive reform7 may' be it. Ten years. i not have S. That's very true, for I could ' huaband i when feel did 8. How your you wrought in society. 'The lady writes:; "I believed what I have seen and heard had .. about another took wife?," oiir women With talks have had many not stopped in tho city. system of marriage, and have ' found that I UIL' I suppose I felt something like Abra 31. I hope you will not forget to correct did when he went to offer up Jjsaac am listened to with profound attention.' I ham may hear conyou iJ misrepresentations any with satisfied your position? S.' Are you am surprised at tho littlo: amount of preju1 have had the cerning us that thankful am 31. I dice among intelligent' women. S. I certainly will not. - I. am surprised - - They realize to some extent that 'something' privilege of living: in polygamy. 77 7:7 and interested in finding this people so difv must be done to reconstruct society. Crime 'S. Are you happy nowv v ferent from wht I expected, and, I thank is on the increase. 7 There have been several ' M. As happy as I can be. information you have given me the for you , S. I cannot comprehend you. cases of- scandal here, two since I came, and regret so coon to say goodby. x uu,u. ao J51. not 1 is first of life yuu suppose the 11 people. Purity . among m reveiauoua ino Nowhere a 'lltue. to be The found. proplain eye closing scarcely I : ' ' MnoihQn -- n . ; - ; 4-;- . . : ; - - : , i ' ; ; i ; . ; , 1 is-true- .' ; ; : 2 ? - . s :,7l : : m in-tw- o . --77;- -- - . , : : k ; k ( " -- - i K. K m a ! 1 . . 1 one-Isaa- c ; 5 : " 1 t ; - ' I , : ; 1 . . ; i 5 : 1 - : : f ; C'M,-Iam;- : - i : ; : ' , . I . - 1 - 1 . that-exist- - s ; 1 - XL ' 