iiieut. Willard'Ybuhg' bas been temporarily assigned to duly near New York City, and left 'Salt' Lake to fill the appointment, oil Monday JpliA Taylorrc$ide( oyeralwb days? meetings at South Cottonwood where the spirit; of reformation tvas also aroused. " " morning, Sept. 0th. May prosperity and bless- Quite "ings attend ' him, and may he wear his laurels have' occurred during the last fewidays; the nobly gained, with true grace and dignity is the most deplorable circumstance being the femicide ; sincere prayer of his friends.-- of Elizabeth Henroid, wife of Gustayellenrdid , r MADA31E; Octavlv. Walton Le Vert, who of Nephi; I'rom the evidence given at" the inquest she is supposed to have been temporarily spent a 'short .timelin.thls city recently, aud tne seven insane. She leaves youngchildren, gave an entertainment here in selections froni ' est only thirteen months old. her own writings, is, by birth, education and attainments, one- of the most distinguished Wb have received R. SiHeportsXfrpni Is said no other American ladies now living. i Green, Manti and 2orth Og- lady ever received the attention, the perfect ovation, which characterized her visits to Eng-- . Issue for vantgof space. We havej Also" two land. She srakCwitli jsuch remarkable ease poems, hue fromKof th Qfh; and cn from ' and fluency so many different languages, that iiakoPoint; both positing somemeritj and wonderful she her t jknowledge of easily. conveys givjiig indications of inherent or'latent genius. . books, travel, anil .of celebrated people f witli We.would advise both these ybung ladies to useless 'to whom she has leen cultivate their talenjts in this direction and not attempt to give an idea of lier in a few MneV be discouraged, only Quires care, patience heres for die wculd form, a subject for .volumes and perseverance where there is a taste for litto bo written; but her life has been gaeh an one erary pursuits and genuine '"capital to work s as few ever realize, and through It aU &he has , upon. appreciated her blessings and preserved her af' "Ve Have ust .received ah letter interesting fections pure as the fountains; of a young heart. j or tranora irom Jjr. wary j. niase Indeed, it is difficult to realize she is no longer jtsoswn, who stopped two or three- days In this city young, tnere is sucju a cnarm, ana, fascination Ti her society 'about the middle of July, while tfen route" for She ;Waa an intimate 'friend of :th(B Pacific; Coasts This lady is greatly inter-rVashington Irving, having made the acquaint-a'nc- e of .that extraord i n ary man w jien a, j very fegted, in the Hygienic Dress ;Befo you'ng.girJ v 3Tou; may. fpria :;seme idea of her eleas well as woman of , merits and attainments from the exprc$sion of thohigher velopment vation of character thatlsome, change be rhis eentimenU,, which, are these: VBheis such that travance, such as' is at a woman as occurs but once in the bourse of an is ruinous tetany who. lias her warm nresent practised in empire."? Henry, friend and admirer saidSho has"a tbngiieihat people, or naticm. t: She says she regrets since j i her return to Boston, that she did not make an ?neyer spoke evil of any pne.! Thesq fe w words I this on effort to;addres3,the tladies of ffrAt Xake speak louder in her praise than the 'adulation reculture j of the3auIUtude:. 17;" ;. ; i Lit illio subject: The JDn is a lladyipf Her grandfather, Gen. Goorge Walton, was finemerit; has traveled ektenselyiin foreign j use her of j roneof thesigners of the -- Declaration of Inde- jc6untries,:and made the best possible frndehcea member of the first Congress, Gfov- opportunities; i She has gained) as physician and- - surgeon", a name and reputation 6f which j 'ieruor ot Georgia anda Judgeiof the Supreme she nVay juklv h'6 proud. ? "Ouegreat charm she ;.! Court ; he married the; daughter of an English nobleman, to whoni the crown had granted possesses is her unassumihgmanqer, although 'fib thoroughly accomplished j and: having all the , 'large estates in the colons. ; Her father was lar.I grace and polish society andtkvel give; j Secretary pf state unde GenV Jacksonand sucs of. Florida ; ho located -- .:liEUT..'.WiiiABD unt'ere his recent return j ceeded him as Governor the capital of that state, and permitted his to, the East, wa3 the favored reclpien tbfabeau- - j daughter beta via to give Jt a name; she chose tiful testimonial of love jinU; tender regards, Tallahassee which signifies 4,beautiful land'Mn offered iu the form! of a?', social, surprise party. Aleferenee to the Indians 1 with whdm she was a( His sisters projected and arranged the affair, great favorite, and, on account of many interwhich, though, in nowise sumptuous, was in all cessions in their behalf, they called her f the an entire) success. ;By suggestion, pf j respects ' v.twhitedbvelof peace.? i ' their father, 'President Young, I the; occasion n; Among her many dear friends were ;XaT Faywas, with' but two or three .'exceptions, exclu- - ' ette, whom she knew when a: child, Kossutht dusively a" family gathering, or to be still more j ' Frederika Bremer, Mary Howitt, Mrs. Cros- explicit, a kmeetihg;6i h ik sons and daughters i land,' Countess; Mpntiji and Xady lEnieIlpe f : Wortleylj'' Her book "Souvenirs of Travel,f jls tfclock Bupper was serveof, ab'd PresidentToung, written in a style peculiarly characteristic of Can-- j wita'vEIde woh'Uj ay lor and'Geoigd her ardent and enthusiastic nature and genius; : ; nonjlsat; dbwr eGrrbuiiiled ;by his nuznerous j in tj grand and glowing picturings it 'children.' Laterin eevenlngmu&Ic and t and delineations any book cf foreign travels we dancing wereintrpeduced. ;'Bal';ithal; .there i have ever seen. J; ; :j was no hoist rouituerrim'ent, no loud laughter, -Madame Le Vert will probably stop here no show 'of, extravagance in .any,' form. ' Jot again a few days on her return from San Franone of the many, sisters appeared infeostly cisco &3 she intends writing another book toon, 4 ah rJnnnn nna urea TiAtkllvv ertf ro tn A including a chapter on Salt Lakeland its peoftitlw nil! nieA i ! rl Ikrilvr toAmnUtr ple, which she says shall be entirely free from such las heavenly angels may delight; to i phale Thc prejudice. :Her book1- is to be entitled, v "Wonders of the Wttern, World.' whpjeirom.osUaUUous display, enyy or strife ' ' ' iQ ' of any descriptionthat the plai nest, humblest "'A' scnoo'L-mistrconce asked a" pupil to tell person might have felt perfectly atesseinpar-What Vord. tho' IcUcrs B double E spell. y thqiLat-ter-danq amily. among; ticipatlng...8urt!ly The child was hut tlull,:and so mistress cries, Saints Jtquld Receive Cught benefit Whai h it, you dunceI do with raycyes?'' , bvjKpvinr: Euth a mcetinr-- And will nt that ij Oh yes!" says the child qufckly taking tho ..' ' tivcaieg's cntcrtdinmcnt be ever: gratefully re-hint: of tnintdln thor'memoryi the. young ep in know the word nsw, m.VaniT-- S doublc E "I honor whoe it wa3 given? S'luint. : Ai number: of serious accidents st&i I EXTRACTS FBOMf A LETTER, l , f Smith learned by Cable-grathe &id news of thp death of Prest.!; George4!: f $raith on the 1st of Sept. Th great loss Jias "cast a fearful sadness over our hearts ' Oh I 'what a harvest J death is gathering' frbm f among - rtHl i God's Earthly Veterans."; i. - It seemed to mo'wo eoiild noi spate Uncle Geor'g-e-, is but God with 'us andxan taiso jup another as he did when the prophet Joseph i was taken Times eem so precarious just -- flow! that" We heed evelygood man,and could spare traitors and elinlcs by tnehost.'Ifthank "Heaven that reformation is cpmrhenced in J Zion, for there was1 pCrhaps,1 never a tlmo when i t was more needed. Jpw weirif;ro raembef that Jedediah 9ntir6 ibrmation of 5? and J now Unclo' 1 George has' goiid from the feiormatisri 'of t75v-- and will report to the Prophet and hos'ts who are land Qhi f faithful with hihi In that; bett that asWncleeorgeT'lias' lived, ' tlio per'sniflcatiok3'6fdrutn';V!hfegr unflinching fidelity to .tho work of Salvation j t loved by God and all flic Saints, arid when -I depart this afp that I may go where no is, f rarid bo' numbered with the 'champions of :'; "eternal truth;-- '' Our hearts are full of sorrow; but God will dbmibrt His1 people; arid the fallen has hot fallen," but has steppeci into another sphore wherb he cari dd more fprus ten" fold than he could while presentith usi JH : ls but of reach of the puny arha of persecution, he has conquered and vanquished every foe, m " , -- - : .fian-iaquin;TFoUn- tain Jt -- - J 1 , t -- 1 . i J - ; ijntro-J'duijeJ.als- the-world- - i -- :,.,; ; -- - jt ' ' On ThiirsdavJllm 2nd in;t.. Prnsf. Josl..F. -- I Sister ---Dear , i ' ,V TO MRS,; JUERCY: "H. ; THOMrSOX. o," ,. j ' 'r'r'-u.l'i:- s-'"'- f ; C;J X"fI!f n;V "7 God.blessed'fbrovbr, "J; With great respect T reniain'your brothv, i.,,:;lrr er in tho Gospel. 1 -- ' 1 SPATTERWOIIK. 4 Almost every one has jscen MSpatterwork," hut not. every one knows howto make it. I iiiako ii on JJristbl; "t04rd Bjs'inuslin, f) li nen wh 1 to of, course, Get 'fl fteen cents' worth of India ink, whicfi will VrnakeVahy amount of work, ah old toothbrush, and a ; j f1 "f V; , . j ; -- -- " - ' -- , -- -- 1 rsrpii , ".' -- 1 V - Y vu-w- - -- , v trTere I off, a clear pfin'ti lobkingJ4'liko a' photo-grap- is h. With'a little practico oho can pake beaut i ful mottoes for tho walh Swiss 'xcw& j iih makes lovely tidies with-- a ruhnin bbr hem and an Ini- dcr round tho fi ner-wid- e tial iu the middle; and JInen makes bureau finals. '.I 6? cushion to "match" the mats, I .Thicau 1 b.try lightrgreeh"lkfspatered', till , His black. , JLhat vouId make green, ferns " 1 , oh a black ' 4 thenoh .taking ;' the "ferns yr' -- si ; uni-fofm'gfe- j . -- nml nnv nth. ; - ! Ifnvs.fnrn5. ; : ' Arrnntrft tinv er aencaie: ionage 5;ou; can nnu-o- n (your ; ground work, being careful , not , to, let lone qver: lap another. fasten the" leaves dp wn by 'pins' stuct through into a Japboard or ta-- ; .ble, just as you jvant tliemy press! bjpr'.th'e leaf close to .the ground wcikV rt)iss6tve the Ink by rubbing the plecb VHh asmall quantity oh a pjtef.lilt "ahbut 'f'aa:.thick' as f of i water, cream. ,. Rub'vou'r brush oh, and'thVn" nold- ' Ing it in the left hand draw the comb carefully over the bristle and tha ink ".will fly Go off Jn almost Tmpereeptfo a is over and oyer the work till it of i - 4 ground.'.!,"' ".."..';r.- .1" - ., V'J .V,', Another pretty leaf print id this: Grease a"clcan white rwptr, aud smdko 'it oyer a "cahdlo till black; tfiea press a leaf ilrnilv'on, take it'up carcfuIlyVahd lay bn a Heanwliitc .card-boarpressing li'downhard, jhd ybu a will have perfect print, every vein distinct ' " and beautiful. The Advance. d, - 