EXPONENT. WO M A N ' S For the INTEMPERANCE.- Kx ro" f.xt. ?avur i'an.-- frpin this wJ!brri:i? cwr-Ti;a:i faniJh" or pestilence worso, oh fyr wor-.- ' . tbtf.or senf cmbqaakes 'lil earth rod again, Si iv's JJ'Jt i"t b, uti '.ve will know i' iue'-- t them.in'bnyrri hit a?aa:-- b, ). rthti-scnti- 14 in t whlC-C'.jp- f!" 'r rhtin? the str.'cken'uu'S Jli'ilO woe. r a v r,s from t his (w? and "ur soul's thiwiks fhuH the v'iH of tb Mrtiitg-hteup to in Z:on in Swctt notes Ii g;i;ifl ig f r GoiYto our IYUct anJ Kins'. ;i p:ai;c ' in Or- d thf-skff-,-- : ts. re of-serv- HOUSE HOLD HINT." ;. i C.-.- ree'd,a, -- akin- - On ' j loiter, (wo 0 Ti ii-- sweet miic uir ix ocz b a vise: ."'.: do. sugar, i ,: tiio v. iu ddi;-.-- Ov rn Me; h.i'inf liiilk, with ono-- ant ihat! stirre ii; oa .ni jt: 'Sa.lthake two escrs, one half-cu. two hour- - and a half. .. -tall.-t- )., Cliooflate. CustarJ. F-- ur t'.ii half-j'iiii chocolate one : boil t water, ir.n'.iC it; I'our ia thtee pirjts f cuyt.ir-: :.,! ay v. i a vcrv ( p ! i 1 - i m-.-- T. IVovfi.t.Tb Kustibg.. K'tb frc.h h't very part ff the (li.di, put it into heat tlinroiisrhlr. Tin ware thu? treats. use J aliaa ron. an briii !'ru.'Star.-- The .whkes well boaton' one in surar, one ir,e and a half cup lialf-tnithick rciav.two Cak-- , c tOi'hi-s'tarc- ws-s- p " ' :tr;a i:i!k, r f bU CLiJo: An the t ickci.s t:i..ler. fnke sit ail t:d bctK'?, a fine, season-witsalt pepper and butter add me to oi minor in witiea tticv, were iwA-iinketh'-!L'iois.t in any yhape you clioo-e- . i Cllt s' ices. livtiiENic i . and'-puiMn- j ' . ; I -- . NOTJiy. eon-trac- "all-gone- ( ;,gi-subie- ct. ea-es- ;:f Linkn", (yi'iox a::i) wooi.kx SKIN.Linei xkxt iur, absorb?., too iiucli moisture, whkdi yhen Vvaj ornl i'n g coots if. Cotton fur summer, ancl Woolen for winter is better. Woolen will notbsorb' much moisture, and an, equal temconsequently keeW the perature. Jiut theXwoolen should be soft, fine and even as pottle. There are tome skiu.s so sensitive asYrpt to be able to tolerate- woolen at all. '""Tck such persons" knit cotton best substitute. j pi; A ft Ex I x x i". x T ot m society, can- woman ihQinnuenee bd To is measured. her committed npi great and important trust of guiding theyoung and imparting puie and holy Impul ses to the infantile and tender mmd. Who About beds "Beds tht hzt a long time can e'sttmaife her power tfi this direction, as and cannot be cleaned and purified are ob- the cuatpdian, ill. I my he allowed so to jectionable. Feather' beds for the aged have express myscdf). of the CrsC thoughts that their advantages, but when used should be roll through the mind of the embryo, or ununder-clothiugJsbh- e .. sunned often, and purified frequently. Eor others a tolcnt-fhard bed i? the best, .and one whkh will allow the air to drcuhte freely through it, and peimit a thorough' cleari.:ing. Graham the vegetarian used, when keeping Echoed to sleep on the benches t harden himself. ; : . thel-:Ihc-uHCo- MO ' The tuuth brush .should he stift and have rounded edge aoderutcly oth of bristles and handle; bru'slu n shoul-. rf U . '.ls. Iikd? Ho cf higher edua- - ytmVtQ.n. blcla i!cS0 advance .light cpoa tliq pn ' tica. for worsen. , Miss Susan B. Anthony, calleda Wosaa SmU frago Meeting'm Ke- - York, May Pith. Hall. Mrsyilkabeth Cady Stanton, Carrie T..' Baraham, hi W. Couzoas, Matil-'.Ti'drii-Pnnn l Rev. C. Ik rotlieringhftm vere, the speskers on the .'tio:i. developed man'.' What on the direction which that mind revives South Boston Wo.K.m SnfTragi Club UU m" froirrher! tcojD'J mectin? Tucsd v Mav 4th... at Mrs. Xin- lhi.j previous j tohi's Kiidirlcc, corner Atlantic and Thomas , ;lhe mother, who trust, will mildly-- , but firmly correct all that ' Streets, I&fJraial. addresses were adc by Mrs. bite sees wrong, before it has been allowed Lucy Stouc, sd Heurv.B. Blaekwell. Rev. E. to become, a fixed habit of the diild..- - lis- - Rand, W. Y. I'oh. rty Esfp and Charles I) Page 'ndo very dpechlly, should she insist on the practice of ci'or the South istrict honesty, and should it bring borne propiUte and tiv.b-- ' Jl ii aetieij'ated- strange toys, oretoer property, it should ' this Club wilbxvrt x p ditlcal, soaul i;h.(l bcucScial in- - j iufiucuee upon tW fioiiv (f that com nutafy. t losel'y questioned h to how , 'at-.Unio- L-ag- iic e . - - t-- Tin; ti:i;tii. ... g tw'u one ii V,KeL(-o- cs j cscrcan ku O-'- i , the-earl- ;r-- ,! $:t cause un easing, to the teeth; the inner 4nfTre of the teeth should be even more carefully dune than the outer; great caution should lie taken in regard ""to brushing; the gums.fom off the Weth: Dr. Flags:' Yays too Uoio we ent'ssuch- as ground baris and espeeiaiw sins, the wrong which the child sustains pulverized charcuil do not prevent decay u that has been unjustly deprived of its prep- the teeth, and are very injurious by their erty, and (lie future consequences of , such' insinuation under the margin of the gums tonduct. Ia this way where early tendeh-Saa- p a? an adjunct in cleaning the Iteetkhas cfes to .dishonesty exibt they may .be affec- to, the proved. very ffiicad'His. in preventing decay. tioiTntely checked, and a just regard; :; .established. of Snost noted others' the sonie'of rights perroatjmry jOf late yr.ars such as creosote, carbolic acid etc; Reverence to God and superiors should be instilled. JIow. many children f shall have Tn ued; conjoined to some of - it b said in the churclr) yes alhave wapwrought truly, are sapinacoous coui'pound . religious-train-caries'of to and lowed without arrestation in the retardation, ders grow up Together with these or any soaps, ing; who are n'ver taught to pray, to. cast it is advisable to u?e spine frictional fiow. eye to Him, to whom they owe to life and: all or harsher according itisjilesgings. "Such children requireder, gentle " ten will men who have .not the fear sometimes become chalk Precipitated j God discoloration before "to prevent the yellowish their eyes, to whom prayer is :i of to use which apt soap irksome, rather thaii a pleasant duty, and accompany the done; "but in some instances it is necessary to whom the song of praise is an unwel-- IU U'l ".'it Vllit.U (.UUilU-J"lev tj J'Vil come sound, who treat the worship of God iUr. Verized (levigated) pumice stone; Some- irreverently, and ridicule those '"who' serve times when an acid condition of the mouth him devoutly, who say s neeringly of such, is found to harm the teeth grain or two "Oh he is religious" making use of the" ex- 111 :is .mougn xney consiaer.il.aaas oi caroouate. 01 sotr.i uscu to ine water lur pre-sio- u brushing the teeth, or lime water, rnatbj by their manhood.' Thus, those who- - worship pulverizing a piece of lufce the size of a God devoutly are called by them, fanatics," it into a pint 'bottle of and appear simple in their eyes. Nowon-water- , walnut shakartd UHow it to settle, pour off der,. then' that so many young people the sons of parents who have been in the. the first wafer, refill and it is" fit for use, for a number of years, are becom. church Y.'-TAN hi Oil IT' !!.. I.I. luuuui uj uic wk vi titu jollier uays, ju,this Women's Pysiologieal Society of Drooklyn, as is, traceable in a great de condition of the noble wo- to the neglect of earjy. religious trainitfrhwrrgtTrutri'brr gree iivyMn New York, are discussing the pracSisters, let us awakti to our responsitice" of compelling women to stand all day as ing. bilities. Let us prize, more than eyertliesfc. clerks and teachers, without the privilege gems of intelligence. Let' us deof sitting under the penalty, of a i least a priceless vote our dives to their.iniprovement and culreprimand. There are physiological reasons ture, that in the never-endinfuture they why women should not do it. Added to maybe as stars in our Hinfading crown, this, the unnatural way of supporting the. whose lustre shall add joy' arid gladness 1o clothes from the wai-t- ,' instead of making us for ever and iu the sister ever, 'Tour, the carry i their Weight,, drags Gospel, down the whole muscular structure.. Alter Olivia Evans. a time the muscles lose their power to t, ail the organs drop a' little out of DELICATE GIRLS. place. It i thi- - that gives women the " so are sensations trymany tired, ing to remedy. Each clerk should have a very wise and learned people have seat made b i turn under the counter so she made the discovery that" idleness, .find the could 4it wba n iicd employe d, and the girls "ennui" consequent .upon it, is ruinous to and 'coming generations' would be iirrcat health. "The nerve ibices areas Let all biiitiaue j le gainer.-talan unrestnfined locomotive enhelp .' th Chronic gine." hysteria and many other bodily ailme;it.s"'have been cured by properly d irected energies and efforts iu WOMAN'S VOICE. suitable employments. IIow much better; to be constantly and agreeably - employed SThiNfiViLLi; Marclj drd, I 7 than to be foryer. on he Dpctor's hands. j ferret and.ee AMmrWrtianH r.'r r.'ist it? foul Wfjht cm car 'tear rap's-fainitnc. :; nn Gi i'? lma'whcn rr-Jin? e 'n'i !aM lov.', i l possession' of them, and shpuldjhe slig-ht-doubts be entertained of the., child's ,1';pne-t- y too much labor and care cannot be exercised to find the pverf . restore the property, if unjustly taken, and to make the strongest impressions upon the.'rmnd. of the child of the evil of such a course, carefully -- l'-- 'V!i''irnrri)'ir.":nc"' thcv,tv-at$houl(- ten to twenty sec-t- o not bo so cold as I . from the ficn?c.f"Tr;e cti". A: mu.--t lop! ';o re-- :nai its 'V. c.xn I'CirHi I'ioj; flown on i;,v.,-!iifat-.- .. ''A but ' in at tin- - parting, wi:),i;i us has place; f exceed from m.-miii- in true manbwidrfniaitiLi., death, though with iicp, bitter martSsfn-'- v can gVc r onds" l I!"t n,n-e- - t-- Ib-ot-- Ga-ctt- ; 