175 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. that he had no list ofhis brother's custom- ers. Suddenly a happy thought occurred to him. ..He got into the wagon, with his cans and tickets, on Monday morning, and giving free rein to the little black pony formerly drlvWby his bhithe'lmratlfled fa find': that the intelligent; animal made the long circuit without hesitationand stopped at every house where his master had been in the habit of supplying tnilld Detroit Post, A New Orleans paper , tells of a printer who, when his fellow workmen .went .out 'to drink beer during the working hours, put in tho bank the exact amount which he would have H spent if he had, gono out to drinkvc He thui kepthis": resolution for five years. BiHe then examined h is bank account and found v thatthe had on deposit $52 1 ,86. In the fiveyears Ije had not lost a day from -- ill health. . Three but of five of ; his fellow" workmen: had in; the meantime, .become drunkards, were worthless and were discharged. The water drinker then bought out went on enlarging the .business, and in twenty years from the time he began to put by his money, ho was .worth $100,000. - ' women is making rapid progress in Italy Tho Princess Margaret of Italy has placed herself, at the head 0t it, and attends every- FAITH. BY A MEMBER OF THE RETRENCHMENT ASSOCIATION OF THE FIRST VARD,S. J Cmvr virAr n rnnm'nn in TfnmP for US CnCOUragC- ; menr. Her example has been followed by many. Italian ladies of rank. Miss Augusta Moore, who lately testified case, according to tho in a certain-famouthe lawNew York Tribune could yers; bullied them on the instructed the Judge, and came out ortho conflicts triumphant. Her cordial contempt was for tho man against whom sho testified determinaonly equaled by her inflexible what t.io tion to free her mind, no matter lawyers might do or say to hinder. Mrs. Mary Blake Clapp, of Dorchester, born died at Warwick, recently. She was If in Warwick and has distinguished hcre bfher acts of benevolence, to wards of her native town. The clay to the nijarlaii eighty years old she gave dollars. Since, Society one thousand has given them one thousand toihe towa,for given one thousand doiUr3 also a . ; J -- j the-printingo- ffice, Love of Children. If I were to choose among all gifts and qualities, that which on the whole, makes life pleasantest,.! should . selecttthdzloyeoCihildf eno3IwuW stance can render this world wholly a solitude to one who has this possession. If I value myself in any th ing, sajd the lonely Hawthorne, 'it is on having a smile tlat children love.' They are such prompt little beings, too; they require so little prelude. Hearts are won in two minutes at that frank period, and so long as you aro true to them, they will be true to you. They nave a hearty appetite for gifts, no doubt, but it is not for these that they love the giver. Take and lavish it with the wealth of counterfeited affection; I will win all children's hearts away from you by empty-hande- d love. In visiting a house where there are children I xlo not like to take them presents! '"M is better to forego the pleasure of the giving than' to divide the welcome between yourself and the gift. Let that follow after you are gone. T. V. Higginsori. The, Thief's Victory.A good many years ago one of the most notorious thieves in the United States had a confidential conversation with a gentleman, who is now one of our most efficient detectives, and expressed a desire to reform "Why do you wish to live so much oh tho square?", said the the-wor- ld. -- , gentleman. "Because,", replied the :thief, "I have a wife and children to whom t am very much attached ; they have no jdea of the mode in which l am making my living; the children are growing up, and are beginoften, ning to wonder Why I leave hometosoreform am ever I and what I do; and if The now is the time." gentleman warmly approved the idea, and to further it, loaned the man several hundred dollars with which to begin an honest business. The reformed man at once Broke' off all his associations, livprl Tiprffictlv honest, would have no dis honest person call on him, devoted himself for years closely to business, raised his fam-'fif- rl a firp.it manv acts of unostentatious charity, and' died not long since esteemed by all who knew mm. ins children are doinir welt and are highly re spectable. The money advanced was long ' J since repaid. first principlo in the religion pf Jesus Christ. Therefore without faith tt is impossible to find God or to please Him. It is the moving cause of all our actions, and by diligently seeking after God we exercise faith or belief in reward for all the good we do, and that if we dp no good we merit no reward. Tho faith that wo enjoy is the same as that enjoyed by the former day Saints; thus, we understand our duties" towards God and each other tho same as the ancient' Saints did. . When true faith is planted. in good soil, it grows and gathers strength; and this living, grbwinfaith vis that which? begets knowledge, wisdom, '.power and wealth, because of our laithj we search for those things we ivish to possess, and bur pursuit will be, as Christ said, according to our faith. Faith fntGodand inV His gospel Js that which prompt men and women to endure trials; through this ; men leave theif homes, wives and children, and travel nforeign lands nd upon the islands of the sea. Not that jhey expect to receive bors imt the taitlv they haveinGod and the desires" they have of doing good for His kingdom, in which they have hopes of receiving a glorious inheritance. : QFaithjs the s out-tal- k cross-examinatio- . . ic n, trop- : repair orthojeemeryr of large number of volumes town library. Mrs. Clapp also, Untory, since, gave $4000 to Lincoln to found two scolar. Uiereahd s r tnui-nmnu- p.i. colored students in ships for tho benettt of that institution. tlio Tin: school for girls cstaUbhod by third wife of thd Khedive of EOTt,wlch tho count y i ono the greatest innovations of tho I'haraohs has ever seen, M a out a great success. The la largo house in a thickly peopled near the dancing it a quadrangle of spacious to tho education i nncr v t them over ni iii;iiu-- . wo herself but defrays n "nml tenance. The, school is i cu " ; when it had been open o arm 20G boarders there were y; laves. or Ambs all ars, " "V" 7 m oriental vail, and aro afbres and shoes, in Eg tliey sit, not squatting on uw Joseph Smith, the Prophet of God, by faith endured many hardships and finally suffered martyrdom, for the faith ho had in the oodn?ss and power of God to restore all thin era to those who servo him. By faith Saints have bqen thousands of i Latter-da- y gathered from different parts of the earth, leaving all that was dear to them, sayo thir hopo in Christ, and crossing the mighty ocean In search of a country they had never s,een nor known anything about. By; taith many they travel and by faith they obtain s sieauiasi-nespromises, which, through their to the faith, will all be fulfilled. I Jesfos said, "The just shall live by faith. By our faith we progress from the first prinT--i. ciples Of the GospelUor the greater; by it show, the exreturns census latest the sick are healed, me Dima see, me ueai The e , n.nlfXIIilnllS of kind . 'trades imu this wnrn Without walk. lamer the hear, faith no, one can find out the. true God or among women than ono would wppwo 1 to salvation. Yet with it. we sible. Beside women iarm3 thP tnifi-.wa5 harpers, suffer ail things cheerfully with he hope, of female future. receiving a just reward in the I M'n rW 4ctytth(Ma p"1"1'-e- rr'M- - -- w. . " shn, 1 ; K :Vi, " -tf- 1 'lu,v-u'u"- " 7;" stock-herder- s, iliMILY HILTON. men WOMAN'S BECOllD. v 7ni .sexioiw, L -- - ' inqmith3. Khin riffgers. with : n number of artizans, Mrs. Mary White of Bralntree, Vt, cel ventors, telegraph opcruiur ' ebrated; her one.hundredth birthday last of navigation. tea. at : week, five generations together ,,i.f fhn best steel will oft Miss Marian I. H. Allen, of Shrewsbury, -s- tain 9,000 pounds .before re U g a member of tho School steel, 3,000 pounus; iru.- xvhn was . mi 3,000 Avue, has Committee for three years just comple iron, 1,000 to 3,000; copper school. .2,500 tin, ted her fiftieth term of 'ver, lefd Mes. Lucinda Parker of North Reading, 100 cast and'50;locust thc same box Mass., will be one hundred .years of age wood, ash, 1,000 ? toughest hold pounds; she 1,200 a little deafness, next October. Save I oaK. whit?. cedar, beech, 800; faculties. has full uso of her S00 "chestnut and maplcy m nutoor Miss fat tie Strickland, daughter of Hon, Wood which will bear a wegh t o of Congress two wi.l break with t Tiflndfllf Strickland spf tho force from Michigan, is delivering lectures in actings long time ;nrl!. A rnnn ten times as strong as Iojva upon the Sufrrage question. tvvnanda v . v wiu diameter in "Kfn" Jflmfis inch an PoltoOTescn in innocMn' tTifnrlral Society withr a ipen oi moru um''fFAm nn ontyiA's nuill. dropped by an ilalfit to a straindiameter th o.streth . will rrcsl-dfiinch an to and presented lv for a eagle in Virginia, been have where you be one quarter as much, a q"tU Smith, 1845. "Say, Polk in as much, anu wuu. week back?'' "I haven't been any wneie of education the for higher A movement for it, I haven't got a' weak back." a . Tft-filpRt- ed 3,000,-istzinc- ' ex-memb- er we-th.-rd . : -."-- A"rt W'0 - - . nt . one-sixteen- th . 