N ' S EX P W iieous pamphlets. ;. . . ... ; J. L. ; Drake, grand Secretary of the Grand Lodge of Go3d Tera-pla- O Ill NE KT. old shoe, and the circular rim outside of it will appear white and parboiled as if scalded by hot steam. The .wound is now dressed,and tho outside-risoon suppurates, and the cancer comes out a hard lump, nd the place heals up. The plaster : kills the cancer, so that it sloughs out like dcadr ' flesh, and never grows again. is painmli but the. paiu is: of comparatively brief . HOUSEHOLD HINTS. xf . " A.! Senator; ofIlUnOis, died Dawes, of Massachusetts, was recently kicien by a horse and seriously injured, FOREIGN. 7 organized in riiondpti.v..-- state that war between -- minutes. grated bread or crackers, three tableshoonfuls of sugar; four eggs, a piece of butter as large as a walnut and a little salt. Bake it three hours. . is the Prince of Wales movements in India The assassin . of the. German Consul- by Geqerai in Uraguav,uhas ' beentried; s ' ' ' ..'i1 ' l, and shot .'v i. MO LET US HELP ONE ANOTHER. .This little sentence should be written on every heart and stamped on every memory. ItihcStt Veil Weil golden rnleiiwcUceaot ' - Wfiib yofryliy in3'keep'tlie';grcasd .ata regular heat, and not too hot, but fry quickly. Make the dough'aDput as stiff aa biscuit dough. To Preserve the "Juices 'of Mince Pies .while ready to bake, pre?Baking. When the pies cotton cloth, one inch wide pare a thin piece of and long enough to reach around the rim of the pie. Wet the, cloth and put it around the pie in such a way tnat it will kp a ilittle on' the plate beneath and a little on the crust above, covering the e spaft!wn.thaf:upi5r How to Appreciate Blessings. It has been remarked - oftenand very truly, that - 7 people t are incapable vf appreciating anyit. thing until they have been deprived of -j blesscommon most This applies even to our ings. We do hot know how refreshing and delicious pure cold water is especially from hangs in the "the old oaken bucket happen . to bo. income place where'th'e-wate-r is brackish or hardand we l cannot obtain Any fit to drink. For several weeks duringmost summers, Jhe. prevail-in- g feeling Isjthat tner'is nothing! el$o in; the world so delightful as a breath of fresh cooiair, ;But;wheri we have "a cool comfort ableVu'mmefi we think little of it. So it is. The poor prisoner feels that : the liberty to which the multitude' outside seem so indifferent, is a boon of priceless value. The gethcr. ' ,!77 iEd'lowericrust--'com- e to- -, '7:-::'-- hygienic m: i ; ; welll-until-w- e, ; 7 ... " ' thirsty J'" HcryinoV or PEN AND SOiSSdRS, Youth is :" to 7b$ Jtith cold JccfJ:' Never try to Never sleep without being; perfectly certain that you will bo able toAepNhemwarm.rTo lie one night. to tho System as f witji'colSirsivs'ih will be. felt seriously, perhaps coaing in a fit of ' S'V sickness.' : Cure for Cancer. A stiukiqg plaster is put over the cancer, with a circular piecco cut out of the center a' little larger than the cancer, and a small circular rim of healthy skin next to ; it is ei posed. Then a piaster made cf chloride of zinc,, blood roof,'and wheat flour, If spread on a piece of muslin of the she of the circular opening, and is applied hours. Ou removto the cancer 7fot twenty-fou- r ing it the .cancer willba found as though burned into it, appearing of the color and hardness of an -- , . magic lantern iwhich',; i ure, surprise, and adnilration, whatever bo ' their nature. :,tt? is with .:;r:,-t.(;- ilttle-3'utyd4pp- . ie in fliom th'n mnrft nmSA ihfix? mlr(k 'Mi ' 'TnVtr- -:'..-';C.,-'-ing out. .1 ILlla ; lifce ueain younger 'turoiiier, bleep is tl 4are and so like him that you shoqld never ' i 7 :7y trust him without your; prayers, i r-- . . " ' ; ') A wise man, being asked how old, he was, replied, .I am in heaitlii ahd eng4 asked how rieh ho was, said "I am 'hotlp, debt," Whatever may bo the native: vigor.;of the mind, she can nover fornl. any: cambi? nation frond few ideas, as manychanges can : MVr V " " Q . i .i Wliich like a lookihcr-crlas.- '. .when only sullied 7 by 'an" .nnwholesomb breath,'may be wip6d clean pgiijh,; bui' if. , once it is cracked it i3 never to bo repaired. MbNEV will fed gluttony, flatterpride, indulge voluptuousness, and gratify' sensu- " arf engtrte' lnrhe ality; but, unless it bo it' will never produce any hands of wisdom, ' .' :; 7 7 real joy. Sins are iko 'circles iatno watorwhen a stone is thrown into it; one produce's'Aiahoth- .'"""I. i ' f I t K'L' v er, wnen anger was m wvw, znur 1 "I 7 '717: . der was not far off.. Opinion is tho main thing . which: does world. . IHs tjur-fulin thd.... or harm . ... vgood opinions of, tlung3 whicn ruin us. .i $ , T UEiiE are three' (lerecs'oC sure actions from which' wo arb-- not exempt; .to discover faults In others, ; Which; wc, aro in ourselveV; to solicit a proho to over-loo- k CiiiKDiT ia . ( 1 . a 7-''l- . ; iuvid,7heu ZZ $ fypu. ' an( ng es . .' " a feeble Iiajre '4,. to neyf jjefpokea, to juss-ibogiom- wTtTinlif.'?" fin fnn rrnnrr.allr-i?tvin- ,k " v f some nourishment whicn may ; require a few .cents " and some effort to procure for him Life itself, w sometimes; uepenas on ; sucu s inuesr-ppc.iriuthe helpless ones by anymejuis TK. Sf.L"i A4 RoVv'tnecesiJf- yoq-want'Ahe- IfflnfcffiOenfle hungryapPciP.1 r drink. he J? rns i to-thos- should table-spoonfu- T weakfami the wearyrandL'oppressed, that lif may glide smoothly on and the fount of bitterness lyjeld sWeetGvalersj and He, whose willing hand is ever ready to aid us, will re Ward our humble endeavors, and every good deed will be as "bread east upon the waters to return after many days," if not to us, : : :; we love. xo?;;' ', ) fU. mcc - , - only (inevery household, but throughout the world." By helping one another "we not only remove thorns from the pathway and tmxiety itot tneminxi, Jbutve feel a sense of pleasure in our own mind, knowing we are doing a duty" to7 a4 fellow creature. A helping hand, or anencouraging word, is no loss to us, yet itvs a benefit to others. Who $M n6t;fen the powerori his little sentence? Encouragement Who 'as.T .nolt'ed'dt4; and aid'of a 'Wlenjtf?f How soothing, when perplex SliH--fe8atq : feel fa gentle etlMmV Mensome hand on the shoulder .and- tohear ; a kind voice whispering f )o;rjofcfeel discouraged. I see your ttoublelet me help you." What strength is inspired, what hope created, --what s wee gratit ud tiMJii tahd the, great difficulty is dissblved as dew beneath the another by sunsWnes'let!uihelp one; endeavoring to strengthen and v encourage kd Lemon He. Three eggs (save the whites of two), juice and peel of one lemon, one cup of. boil- JagwaJDQtablespoonful urjne cup ana tne tne lemon, of OTpir'wrate Doiung pour water over the juIcQ ' and peel; beat theeggs Tf ith the corn flour and add to the boiling water, let it - cool before adding. the' sugar; Beat tho whites of the eggs with one tablespoonful of sugar, and spread on the top of the pic. Breakfast MuSSns.r-Th- is j, recipe will be valued by housekeepers as a dainty substitute for bread at breakfast pr tea: Twq eggs 'Well beaten, with a cupful! of sugar :'and a lump ot battcr tie' ske pf aa egg; to this add one pint of milk, with a tea- ls spoonful of soda, one quarfc of floiir suadiwft on of cream tartar; bake in mufijn top of the. range, or in gem pans in a quick oven. Good Recipe for Doughnuts. Take three eggs; beafe eil:haye your pot .on the J5re and your lard " air melted ready to fry the nuts. Take three of the melted lard, two heaping cups of sugar, rolled; sift about three pints of flour, pat it in the bread bowl, make a round place in ?the middle of the flour to hold your eggs; when they are beaten, pour them into the flour; now the sugar, then the melted lard, now a half teacap of sour cream or buttermilk, into which put one heaping teaspoonful of soda; beat up the milk and soda till it foams; pour that among aU the rest; now put in ground cinnamon to suitt or any other spice you like test! : jjoodj doiivt mix quick, but take your time; work and squeeze, tho eggs; iard, sugar, fcc, backward and ; forward ., through the fingers until it will be stiff and make dough in spite of . court-martia- ,V; V V . r Sympathy for ' the Sick Hb W uiauy precious lives have gone out prematurely; just for 'warnof ithe care they needed I Even; sympathy does muclv toward relieving our sick menus; sometimes more than medicine can., do, and still how many in this wide world of ours are. entirely denied tliat sympathy which they have a right to claim. liVe'have seen this, we are sorry to say, without going to tho "army hbspi Indian Pudding .TBoil a qiiart' of milk and stir in of Indian meal and four of Japanese advisers Not a case has been known of n the reappearance of the cancer where this remedy has been applied.; ' nevitablesiCholerais interferinjgiwlttei -- " t7 "?,'.:'.,' . n ' endures. e society is to be Japari-ahdCor- ea The-applicatio- QuicbBakcd ' Batter Pudding, --MOne pint of milk, four.tablespoonfula of flour or better, two of flour and two of com starch; two eggs,-juicof a lemon Bake ou a tiu plats, in a hot oyen, twenty Jerusalem,- intending tov remain three years to complete a large picture" orfan important just recently subject... Joe Jefferson has buried hisoungest child, a boy four years his profes old, ijqf;In4 sional; irf hm phsifi (: Thje" Governors of Paris has resol ve&;tcr jfrevenf disorderly me gs .....SpalnMw . ; - . . .. ; fMrHolman JIuhlJias left EnglaudAfor Cuba...;..ffi tneralogicai Apple Float. One pint of stewed apples; vhen cold, sweeten and flavor tp taste.' Just as you want to send to table add the" beaten whites of. four "':"'xeggg, lightly, stirred into it 'f;1 sc . . . - ,,v ' useless' favour." ':7 , ''V:'::7:':' ; -- - admire wit as wo do the wind. Vhen it shakes the tree, it U fine;, when it cools tho wave, It Is refreshing; when it steals over tho flowers, it is enchiutlng; but when it: is unit whistles through the key-holAVe e, pleasant I ' : ; : ' that overy day WiiiTE it on your, heart ' is the best , day in the ear. No man' 1ms learned anything rightly till' he knows that . nvprv djiv1 is Doomsday - , . . -- 