V TRUTH AND' LIBERTY. 143 OMAN'S EXPONEKT, HOW TO TREAT THE LITTLE ONES. The most elevating and ennobling heritage that God has vouchsafed to man, is enshrined in. Truth and Liberty. When the mighty God of battles goes forth to combat with" falsehood and error, : Truth is His strongest weapon, and knowledge his greatest power; Truth was revealed to man; and lo the light of immortality broke through the starless gloom, and made it the portal of eternal day: .that day whon the light of revelation inspired the noble patriots that framed the Constitution of this once glon-iou- s American Republic. Where now are those VeteraV'lMhe :,. USE OP SILENCE. ;: should bo white A pity so few people understand tho full d flaimeL ;vTne red flannel mrfny- mothers effect of silence!;, How eloquent e it.is in reality L Acquiescence; contradicfancy may) poison its, skin. Tho red dies were well enough but the present tion deference, disdain, embarrasment and reds aro all poisonous and should not bo worn awe, may all l?o expressed by saying noth- next to tho skin by either old or young. msr. It may bo necessary to illustrate this They are particularly mischievous to the apparent paradox by a few examples. Should delicate skin of our vouner people. All of you hear an assertion which you may deem tho modern dyes are poisonous. Iftheroaro folse made b.v some ono of wrhos8 veracity any exceptions I have not been able to learn politeness may withhold you from openlyo the, fact, although I have taken pains to declaring your doubt, you denoto a.uiuer-chcof opinionby remaining silent. Aro question those who aro engaged in tho uye-in- e business. Tho littlo. ones should have you receiving a reprimand from a superior? white flannel next their skin day and night YbujiUtfkAyouM -- tlmtrfred peon-pilii$ the, only,proper material to place next lenco. Aro you compelled to listen to the ou signihave so long boasted f Is it found in pur tho skin of any human being day or nignt, frivolous conversation oi a lop? lovely Beserer, or in Now Orleans Where hOTnatter in what climate or at what season fy upiidOMrhimAJra the mighty conflict for liberty cost the no- of tho year. . quacity with contemptuous silence. Acrain: how much domestic strife might blest blood of our Veteran Fathers who wil V' Perhaps X ought jo add' that tlie; superior lingly fought and died, to bequeath to their ity of flannel is greater during the summer have been prevented, how often tho quarrel which by mutual aggravation has; perhaps, posterity the richest legeey ever bestowed thanduringEJheM upon man? 1 To the standard of Libertyj Wfathnr a single thickness of flannel, for a terminated in. bloohshed,; had it been all nations havo looked, with a fond hope; to nieht-jrowwill give the baby abundant checked in the" commencement by; a judic find a homo where freedom and equal rights nrntpntlon J whereas if J it wears cotton next ious silence! Those persons only who nave could be enjoyed by the poor and oppressed to the skin it is soon wet with" perspiration experienced them aro aware of the ,benefi- who woulll come and maintain the ConstU jind thnn there must be two or three more tion. Shallot ever be said of the Godess thicknesses over it to furnish the protection exasperating mruai, tuu muiiui.uuo ?uwi, vi shall nev of Liberty, whose proud head has been against a breezo which a single thickness of the unjustly imputed culpability, ' A soft answer turns reared by the shedding of the blood of our flannel next the skin could affoja. 'iuur lit- er answer a; word s away wrath; but sometimes erring .humanvuierau ramers, mai sue mux cuusu im tle people should have .their . mourn and bow the head in shame or bathe mado with i drawers closed at tho bottom. ity cannot givo this soft answer in moments heir cheeks in tears, that "Her sacred' name With this4ress.and lying.upon a fresh straw of irritation; iu such' cases, there stands the has been desecrated a by A political dema-- j pillow, .With tho same for the little head anu fortress of silence, with doors wide open, as mo gbgues and oflice seeking carpet baggers, sleeping.in a little room, the small snaver refuge for tho tired spirit until calmer who love not our Country's honor but their will have a chance, even in the Hottest sea ments como. Think of this seriously, you own aggrandisement? God forbid!. Let every son, to not only sleep sweetly, but to grow.t who glory in having "tho last wordy' true American citizen join in one universal Besides . these and,, other , considerations answer, no! until that sacred name Liberty whioh T will rintl name the woolen "Urcss FLOWERS. shall be honored and heard to reyei berate serves; by its . in&hanic'al irritation, to Pacific to east a the pa.u. the in from the Atlantic Keep up Deivercucwaiiwu,iutuo Libdries Doh t rock them.v Bon' t rock them either of in bo west and in the One of the illusions is that the present un is motion: The iri lan or chair." J hour is hot the" critical, decisive hour. erty from Canada to the Gulf of Hexico, stead Rock unite Write it on your heart that every day. is the until every State and Territory shall healthy one. , Try it yourself! l v-- fhr-h-al hour and see!ho WA y ou feel Fast dav in the vein T'.Nb, man lias learned fan in the oite greaJlausjL ' born free and equal I am glad that rockers! are going Out of anything rightly until ho knows that every HfulHoliAli'men-arEmerson. vJL and have the right to serve God according fashion." They have inj urea ;tnousanus oi dav is dooms-day- to the dictates ofiheirjiivn jnsciences." A rniEND of the writer, just dead, could Don't push them backward. Many adults Whem is th fire another nation under the ride backward in the cars or in a car not tolerate evil speaking in his presence whole heavens in which the kingdom of out always 'saying, "Don't take, the judge's God could have been organized and set up, riage. When you have your littlo chap don't push chair." " Another, when evil is spoKen without violating the laws fof the .land? for arido.inhis little: carriage noticed the against another says, "Go on. rm reaay TSTn wIiArpf Trio immortal 'Washington, the him Inckward.. I have i often to near, uniy ruiuwmua, b" Father of his country, was inspired by the little. passengers' as tliey were - jolted along to ll liim you say of the person, and tell lib- backward, on one sBtono anu up uuu mc , of standard the to raise of truth, spirit and that in a him." Another used to cxciaim, "owy erty where truth could exist, and , find ft 4.,nSnr fimii avnt fhia.wnv The and only avenue the trial till we send for tho accused, New way. home in the hearts of the children of men; painfully-bewildere-d has to say for himself, to shine forth in power and splendor, until to their' souls ; is: that tnrougn tneir eyea hear what he A ; a .AA:;--',;;: a man Hall., ." darkness and error shall flee away like the Pmv dnnt set vthat all f mists of the morning before the noonday (Don't churn its brains,a Don't bounce "it a a vnTiTT-n- ttttspand.'' A lady was relat. sun'. Until it shall no more be said that on your knee or give it that great Uoss up one-bu- t a n IaKo hands. ,dark-thvour and down in iMn. fr. flvA.vp.ir fM !bov the story of a darkness covers the earth' nd: gross! minds of the people.": But peace first class tumbler can stand such nonsense. little fellow, whoso father was taken ill set himself shall flow like a river and tile knowledge of How many, fatal diseases of the head have after which tho of Inthis common practice to work to support nimsen uuu. God shall cover the earth ;as the platers; do diligently And ! lnrce liotrh Wn vprv the great deep.: i And men shall beat; their n.nAf iiiot mother. When gho Jiaa unisnuu cr aw jt number a1 , swords into ploughshares and' their spears lmvft nn doubt that a still greater she said: ,t . to contrived Who have shall : wouiu hurt to been were nations must have if. and the aie, pa into pruning hookv "Now, Tommy, ' of blunder. th'ft nrvivA ' mission stupid to is the This more. no work not learn war help mamma?" you rub Truth and Liberty so beautifully illustrated Tf vnn think vour baby likes exercise but ma," said tho littio iciiow, m "Why, ior;knead its little naked body gently, ishing theidea of work, by the poet, FY IV Pratt, in the ."Standard and This and trinrmWhlv." evening. morning to live in, anu cw r wo got a good houso of Zion." fellow Mvincr In TTtin tho little AmxrrtnfinT . ... rti uouum so nico?'1 ',- ,r-;t thing "The wmte nag so rare, suu muri vital vour now nf. said the mother; there. magnetism, f,nivWinfh from ,(ni, v.. rrrxr Mdid Proclaims mU tha mountains that pfcace is and wo can't eat the house, you know! "Mnv n.vprv true patriot and 'friend of lib but will contribute to its circulation "but Dio of its" abdominal viscera. Well, ain't we g$ plenty oiinup iu erty proclaim against any Violation of their Lewis. -constitutional rights, until "peace oh earth; pantry?" said the young hopeful.vu -w.w-- , 0 added xepuc ucar, my and good will towards man," shall bo "Certainly, ' to "but will not last long and what to truth and liberty, and hastens the day ' It Is better' to run in old clothes than they ' ' , a' then?" when the righteous shall rule. For "when run In debt e, v a V, mourn. WeU, ma,' ' said . the .Utile . incorrigibl asccn the .wicked rule, the people balloon 1 watchingthe can A girl get to. last till you .x'T'lt W E. eJnn nf. T.nwistnn. Mcexclaimed, "iMamma, hain't there enough ' ;; would liko to have another husband?" When does water resemble ,a, gymnast? I shouldn't j.think.God. Ha gave it up. :: The baby's night-gow- n well-time- - ; old-tim- - ; i n , . J ; . night-dresse- ; ! '. re-echo- ed M-i- h "i i ? it ' . , , -- tOPSV-turvy.- f A A "" , , , , -- 1 and-died- tho-youngst- er nrio-inaf.P- , ; ' , - ' M -- thfi-activit- ' A : - .. . ,. " fT-1- . ' Whenit makes a spring; 1 . , ;-- .'-- ltttlk . . . . that man go up to heaven fdive? --- : . 