WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 118 - ; I WINTER-WHEA- -- T.- V,. -- The grain was sown oa the lair hillside, And the autamn suii looked kindly down, Blotting the sower and blessing the grain, And blessing the wann earth rich and brown. And Robbie paid, 11 fa the mold below, : . . The leave? grew bright on the forest treegf And. turned to the mother's breast again,. And a jtn'lsi camoouttoclearr. tWce, "" CldthW with.silvt5r,thefl3lii'oraini ' BuC Bobble , , - - Oodtamakingtheraintogrow,".- He avers that the samo treatment will cure 'vl tlows, and all i iijuries of t tips of fingers. As soon as pain and redness appear, the finger should be soaked for ten minutes in camphorated' sweet oil.7 The relief is said to be immediate, and three, applications are generally enough to effect a cure. hot water. potash, disolved ia half a pint of the potash until it is thick PiifciTifl snhn'-witAninnU in nlrni- - 'also add alcohol, half an ouncejcaniphor, half aa ounce,hartshorn, halt an of pulverized ounce; color "' with half' an ounce, n charcoal. 'x ,.,,.. ..; , 7 ;krcelleet GlueA foreign chemist asserts that an excellent glue niay he prepared as follows: nnr.m'rts bv weisht. of glue are soaked for scv craf hours in fifteen parts of water, and then slowly warmed until a perfectly clear solution is formed. Tis solutionis then diluted with sixty-fiv- e parts of foiling water, and thoroughly stirred In the meantime thirty Trnts o starcU are stirred, mto 200 parts. jprcola fa.ter, p asjp iorm a uuu, uiukj HrtuidrcefVomlumpsrIntdrthis is poured the soUtibn- of glue' stirring continually and. heating. WKmF&M fin ttirhnhc 'acid are added. The paste maile id this- way is said to possess extraordinary1 adhesive power. Joining leather, paper. pasteboard, &ci vliy keeping it in closed vessels, ' j . . 'tr&t&;n"i506t: fqb Poisos . Hem ed y bv: Iyy,-rrf- seems c tp me, that X read alj .ndsvpfcur;-QrLirvyi- : poison exceptithe right one. ,: I have always, endeavored to Jseep it before the public, but. have failed. It is to take jsugar oL lead (a. bit the size of a hazelnut,)in half a teacup of sweet milk or rm Vrater. Apply as,warin t as can be borne easily with a soft, linty piece of linen rag. Three or four applications are sufficient to affect a cure. Jf the poison is on the face and nearinjgthe eyes orrmduthT this astringent, wash may be constantly ap below,'". rt T The wind came whistling but of the North, Andifaze the earth like, a solid wall, FMte:wlAter'wayfo cjtfst?dd,Kk gaowsi to fall.- Commanded the white-wingThenltobbio douked, Cndef tbesnow, .:::-.- - M. -- TTTt 10 grow now can lie mawwe it gram v 7 : 7 Ths reWns piped In the forest trees, . Tfie small etreanl .fretted .Wnksbeiwcn, : plied.-- '; ; ' sunsiilne t And springtime airs, and played : is a marvellotis curd; and by watching - Over the hillside fresn ' :: And Hobble ehouted, "The brook" aflcrw, from white to yellow during the application. And GoXJa jpaakjng the grain to growl" r served for years. NY here no great strengm great-idea-aired, ordinary flour or starch paste is used,! a little Tliis ifem'exIyLforjivylshptild 'prevents Thus sowing in faith of tbo better time, of suffering. It is well where a memcarbolic acid being added to prevent souring. I ,v ; We smile at the sunshJhe and the fain ; ber of a family is easily poisoned to keep suBut shrink and tremblo When storms are loud, ;'" And count our sowing as all in vain. gar ofjead in the house all the time. - Let it ' y Ah, doubting hearts, wbUe ye jbeat! so low, be labelled and . kept where it can be found HYGIENIC NOTES. Ood ii making the grain to grow" 4 . ed - Twrf rx - tt g'lpf4 j$4i v: It is-cu- -- - GodismakJoithegTntogrow, :.. TjFftY , ? :, the moment ; it is wanted;: rsKeeprit well Pour boiling wa wrapped up that it may not lose its strength. - '.'7- L.iorT, in"" Roman's Journal." IIINTa HOUSKHOLDi - J To Cure Chilblains. ter over one pint oi wood ashes; when cool enough immerse the feet;, let them remain about half an hour. Household , Coot tm . 1,. .. . , f er. -- 14 , GREATNESS AND GOODNESS. an Take Remed y for' Scarlet Fever. onion and cut it in half; cut out a portion of Take goodness, with the average intelthe center, and into the cayity put a spojn- - lectual power, and compare it with the mere greatr of intellect and social stand-i- s wrajthem up in a doth and bake hem m ing, andit far the nobler quality: and if An nvpri until thfi onion is cooked so that the cirui Benzine and cdninion clay will clean laart'le. -Castor oil is an excellent thing to "softin ' lcath L mon Jelly. thru.eeggsi juHonwo leions. ened by setting in boili Cor. Ohio Farmer,- beaten whites of three layer3 of the cake, and trim eff the rouj the same time rubbinsr the chest and throat Vafer.Oac quart of fi(mronrtepoonfuli)f iyiiE goose grease or; mncid bacon, if there tween that and the goodness of 'an average butter, a pinch ot soreness-ithe throat. In a woman; I would scorn it and say; Give it t- n Dandruff. sonic : one asks, what will remove teeted from , draughts, and the recovery is j0y in the private heart. ioin3 men more and prevcnt.'dandruff from' cotiurig in ;a fedy--'' head? I '5al. lV pc certain. tenderly to one another and more earnestly to God. lake a ittkbo.rax added to a pint; of. 'ram- ''water:! A mix nr. a 'a- "R.PfnV mn iiiinvc honor intellect, reason and fun- and wash the head occasionally with 'n'AddaT A I n ) rtf ii.il ns to little borax or cooking soda 'to' .'.ram' water when I Tnipl cul tivate them than we doC" 1 h wash It 'CMlOSeS theni tiflv, with 'nhilrlrnri. ns thfi' mrwt. 'ranid-nnrhonor greatness of mind great reason, you your hair brashes, ; nicely. means of alleviating the pain of which Intuitively sees truths, great laws, effective; rv t m i j i and the like; great understanding, which An excellent cement, we read may : be made lDurns. xne aneciea part is eitncr-simD- iv from rice flour. , It is only necessary, to mix the covered loosely with an alcoholic compress, learns special laws and works in details; the rioe flour intimately with cold water aud gently I or is bathed with alcohol, when the pain in understanding that masters things for use simmer it oyer a fire, when it. readily 'forms a deli- - stantly disappears, but returns when the ap-ca- te and beauty; that can marshal millions of and durable cement :When made of the conV plication ceases. It must, therefore, be con men into an organization that shall last for bow reverently before the sistency of plaster, clay models' busts, 'bas relievos tinued for from one to two hours, and then centuries. men of genius and sit gladly at their feet. bo repeated at. longer intervals, until the etc., may be formed from it. reddened epidermis is bleached and shriv- - But the man who sees justice and does it, Paste that will' Stick7 Take :Al pounds fine who knows lovo and loves it;who hasa &rat wheat flour and make, a ' batter 'with fcold rrhtbt- - elied, or. until any blisters that may have faith and trusts injGod let him have a mind take out all lumps, then add boiling water itilTybu rormed nave opened and discharged, which in from six : to. twelve hour?. quite inferior and culture quite a little, ,1 nave; almost' a pailfiuV: This is a cood.patcr-lZ- . will lake VT" place u v nero Uie must yet honor and reverence that man far "y especia hanger's paste. Tamake it stick to painted walls. w 0 w ireaieu is large, mat me vapor more than he "who has the greatest po we r add 1 ounco of Cnclv7Sulvrn7 n fn, of intellect. I know that knowledge is lou of -- paste, and boil it; when too thick,-- add - more of. the alcohol does not affect the patient. . - s I : it' ' 5 l - m i . . , -- ' 1 : i water. il LT.! brown Sugar is. the much sweeter than the' 'sd- sweetest, especially, called granulated white sugar which contains' much water of cri'stalization; often a certain amount of free moisture of brown sugar is due to syrun of molasses more than, water. The finely d white sugar made from loaf sugar, is much sweeter' than the granulated white sugar, and goes .almost as far in sweetening, as the b'ro.wn qualities ' do. Loaf Bugar is the best." d ? pow-dcrc- ! , Frasive Soap. Here is an excellent recipe for making, genuine crasive soap that will remove Two pounds of grease and stain from clothing good Castile soap, half a pound of carkmatj of .x and reverence it: out justice is a a oimon, higher power . and love is a manlier power, each great- .1.1JOH maKCd US all- of ilnn llin itiICoc! n.InH .,.y vwuiiiuuwiuiuiui Thnnrlnrni T:ir' luaiuuut--, uu puis in a saucer a iniinDieiul of kcr chmphorated alcohol,' and, dipping the ends wms miqaiejungcra into tho liquid, rubs To be truly noble U not so hard as many ine.eniiamca surface, especially the middle Vnav imnrrinn it tint rnnniro the an- portidn, repeating the operation eisht times, continuing the rubbing at each time fame or even a fierce of world-wid- e lor about half a minufp. Tin ihon niWu-iLi.- . ning Tf mnMDA. me surface to.dry. placing a sliehtcoatini? of TkVif.'ln Wn virion nnfl fliA truth nnd tn kffrThe soul wujpuoraica oiiyo oil over the affected sur-- them as constant companions. lace. He states that one such application in thus e though governed is noble and god-likcauses can to ' elso and known but up G.d; oousioary nothing and disappear. The application .should bo make it so, though the whole world should made at morning, noon, and in the evening gpoak its applause. , Sugar for. Prcscrving.-Goo- ! oct yui.ur. -- . I t- . 1 - TWT1-- : iHiliMn liiTiri nmwwi i unm, -- r. m m m ,b,m, I,, ' '"' Ji'Z rMBsrtMBiBiSiHKHRBBBSaSiI"lHtBM ... - . 