WOMAN'S CONSCIENCE AND DUTY. EXPONENT, 29 A GOLD MINE IN EMBRYO. i "Who does the best his circumstance allows, Docs wclli acs nobly; angels could do no more.!' Herb' are free to all the elements from which can be' obtained all that! man need to enjoy. But his existence depends upon the purity of Every person is more or less .desirous of " whose are hard lives those, the air he breathes,; his happiness depends uphappiness; and full of painful experiences in this world, look on the society he mingles In, and his society to forward to a future state of existence, with a him is a nucleus in embryo, that will tell its is of which there," that liopo tale in after years.-- If we wish to enjoy a hapstrong realizing; j denied them here.- - i. py result wo must bear' in mind, that all deBut there'ean be no true or lasting happiness, pends'upon the right selection's. ; Selection In reading, in thinking; in labor except through the fulfillment of duty ; this is the one thing always necessary, always practiand of everything that will result in the greatest good. Arid asucauses J produce (effects, and cable; always certain; how essential then, to 1 know in what our duty lies, to be sure we are there can be no effect without ta cause, it is in the right path. How careful ought wo to quite necessary that our care and attention be that our conscience does not mislead us, and should be directed to the cause, while in em- make us believe warejdischa ;tbrydv:t&t:ifc may be remedied priory to maturi- ty. Well says one, the nucleus; if there is one is possible for us to become so blind that we ; being formed, is so small, that I cannot see it. mistake inclination for Welliri this case there is greater safety In duty.' I wiir not say, ' icon nswjth thgselhat have a clearer vision. that there' may riot bo duties iwhich areum pleasant ones, which in themselves are trials, j There must be a nucleus ' or an: effect appabut to shrink from them, or.try to evade them, rently seen, to produce action;; which is - based will not bring us the more happiness,- - for conupori two principles, independent or dependent j vision, i If independent we labor by the science will protest againstthis neglect, and its : promptings of our own intuition, but as there stings will be more unendurable than the sacis po reliable independency secured to man on rifice whjph was necessary in the performance of a disagreeable duty, and earth, f we-- are virtually dependent for .every in the thing enjoyed, or hoped for, and we labpr upon fulfillment of duty, carries.with it its own. rec' ' the principle of faith; and wo may "call faith 'I ' ompense. . the cause, and knowledge! the effect The consciousness of having fulfilled duty I will here cite my readers to one fact based to the best of our ability, is a consolation even upon a mulberry seed, and another upon a silk in unbappiness; duty has its sorrows and7 its worm seed. By faith and works dependent up-- i joys. It is not given us always to see the wison the blessing of God, the mulberry seed bedom which demands our work must be done, seed in , the came a forest; and the but frequently in some simple way, w are concare of a delicate, faithful, persevering woman vinced of the 'kindness and. judgment exerwho, prompted by faith, had wandered to this cised in our behalf, in the thorniest places, the I t forest, and with her labor and care, this little most trying and difficult circumstances;! and seed became a million; andthe million is. now v we are thus encouraged to go on, bound to the .. ; wheel of duty, and fill up the measure of our .a winding its silk. V" For proof dear reader, go and see for yourself, work, which becomes through such means,aplea- prior to the silk being exchanged into gold, at sure in itself, and in the future "a joy forever." . President Young's (Cocoonery. , Let us so regulate our lives as to have no f:;''.'; , viv.-;I'll, Try. v matter to reproach ourselves with, neither let thoughtlessness or ambition lead us astray, but guard ourselves sedulously against temptation; HOME AFFAIRS. and if there be whisperings which tell us, we have a right to escape from duties which exTue Kexlog English Opera Troupe who receed our strength, we must not listen to such cently append in bur theatre, opened an enevil suggestions, but trusting in God who has gagement in Magulre's new theatre in San promised to fit the back to the burden, go forFrancisco, July 5th. They seem to be as highly ward nothing daunted, relying upon His help appreciated there, according to newspaper re whose work we are striving to do faithfully. ports, as they were here and are playing the And in strict obedience to these duties (howsame style of pieces. ever trivial they may seem), which are required of us from day to day, we shall more richly The children are rehearsing for tho Twenty-fodeserve, a"hd more fully merit the blessings of of July Jubilee, under the direction, urth most forth the than upon in the New Tabernacle by launching heaven, of Prof. C. J. Thomas, ' brilliant "career independent of the ties, duties, Sunday mornings. Preparations are rapidly and obligations which aro our legitimate herigoing forward for the decoration which has 'which may tage. There may be: an expiation been already commenced under the supervisbut it can. perhaps atone for duties unfulfilled; ion of the former committee, and a grand enterwho true never bring the same happiness. But tainment in music songs . recitations etc., is of some sacrifice make rather would feeling , anticipated. to be called for principle, than eventually upon x An excellent quality of glycerine soap, to repay the uttermost farthing.- f We are all socalled "Bath "Sand Tablets" Is manufactured cial beings, and there are many duties we owe by IL II. Vadraan & Cojof this city The to each other, which if neglected; as wo pass ingredients used, as well as the preparing and along, and allowed to accumulate, may foot up compounding of them, aro entirely of home na terrible vbill against us in time to come Wo production; which is one strong recommendaare, none of us, independent of others, and we tion.'. Another is, that young ladies who have should so live as to understand our true relatried it, think they have never found any thing tions to our families, and friends, to society, to equal its efficacy in removing chaps or roughand above all the duty and allegiance we owe ness from the face and hands. to Him who is our Creator and the Father of our spirits. That such may be the happy lot The "Advocate," and the "Educational of those who have started out with renewed Journal" 'are. new publications just started in this city, of which we have received first iscovenants, to serve God and keep His comsues. The former is calculated to become ''a mandments, is our most earnest prayer. : first class advertising medium" and will there July 13th, 1875. . oL-taini- ; 1 ng ' performed. ; , self-sacrifi- ce ..." -- '- -' ; silk-wori- n : . i :, -- -- " nt & ' We received a pleasant call Tuesday, July :13th. From Dr. Mary. J. Safford Blake, of Boston, who is now on her way to the Pacific coast. This lady is an active worker in Woman's Cause, is an earnest advocate of hygienic dress reform, which she not only preaches, 1 but practices, and is interested also in suffrage and all subjects which tend to the equality of : f:1 ?3 woman with man. She expressed herself pleased with our city and its surroundings and in particular with the efforts being made for the development and elevation of woman, but like all others of the outside world was unable from her standpoint .. to take the same views that we do of our pecc-.a evafom nf marrlacre: vet she was most char-n- -. itable, believing u$ to be truly earnest and si cere. She is certainly a most intelligent and attractive person, and we very truly regretted her not being able to stay longer in our city. Several It. S. Reports are unavoidably held over for want of space. At the general meeting in the Fourteenth . Ward, Saturday, occupied by July 10th, the time was 'chiefly E. R. Counselors M. I. President Mrs. Home, Snow and E. Howard and Mrs. E. 8. Barney. These sisters who lately visited the settlements as far South as Sanpete, meeting with the Relief Societies, and also attending meetings appointed by President Young and the brethren who accompanied him, have returned home filled with the testimony of the Holy Spirit, the Power of God unto Salvation., We would rejoice in giving to those who were not Saturday, permitted to attend the meeting .onflowed from as Truth they the words of Living the lips of the sisters mentioned; but had we time, space and ability to put them on paper, they would thus seem too tame and weak, wanting the influence, the potency, with which they were uttered. The day for the next i- regular meeting being the "Twenty Fourth,1' meeting was adjourned for one week only, inl stead of two. The Editorial Excursion party who are making a tour across the continent, reached : Salt Lake City by the evening train Saturday evening July 10th, and took rooms at the "Townsend House." They visited the Tabernacle in the morning when all the Sunday Schools from the different wards were assembled to practice for the coming Jubilee. In the afternoon they attended the regular service there. Elder Orson Pratt occupied, the stand. Monday morning they went by train up American Fork Canyon, and left the city Tuesday afternoon for the West. The party is composed mostly of editors correspondents etc. from New York and the East- rn States, and some from Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Washington. They expect to reach San Francisco pn the 12th of August. No doubt their short visit in Salt Lake will furnish them some items of interest, as Mormons and fall-iseem to be a popular and never present theme, for journalists etcatof the our surus, time. We hope they,will speak and roundings and our institutions truthfully,of an not according to the rcpreprescutatioiis outside element which delights In scandal, misrepresentation and untruthfulness. i , ; The latter is published as its name indicates, In the Interest of education. There is plenty of work for each in its line, and judging from the appearance of the copies before us, tho labor of each will bo ably; fore be gratuitous. ; . ; 1 1 r- i Mor-monis- m uf 1 In Berne Switzerland, the nationalthe has voted 25,000 franca to defray penses of tho representations of the products at the centennial. . ex- 