Wished honor of delivering the Commence- ment Oration at that institution, being ,tho' disSlrst young lady who lias ever won that Her oration ...was. .entitled "The tinction. and Jphigeula of Euripides and Goethe," was purely classical in style. ;; While upon the commencement stage sho was repoatedly 1 ft . applauded, andhowered withouquets, wero appre-- i proving how truly her efforts iated by the audience. Bho intends studyfor tho deing ore year more in Bo.(ony is becoming very popular as a lecturer. She iq now leeturincr JrtNcwngland .ondk-pre viously made a tour of Central New York Miss Alice Bradford is another Boston year, girl who has graduated at Cornell this mcr- Sho from the Scientific Department. ited some distinction as an essayist in the senior class, ranking one of the best among six; and she has been accorded the limited privilego of contending for tho Woodlbrd prize of $100, for oratory. Mrs. Burton, wifo of Capt. Burton the British Consul at Damascus, has prepared for publication a work, giving sketches of the kind of life English womea may lead in the East, and of tho customs and j manner of living, of the inhabitants. Tho book is soon to bo published, and will be entitled, .. The Inner Life of Syria, Palestine and the .Holy Land." Dr. Laura li. Chase is lecturing in and about New York. She is a woman possess-i- n great moral courage, and speaks with great force and earnestness to both sexes. Sho is even courageous enough to give private lectures to men, on their follies, sins and crimes. Her listeners, and even clergyman who havo heard her, commend her in high terms of praise , for her words of caur tion "and wisdom. ! ourselves to be good. V The golden beams of truth and the silver, cords of love, twisted together, will draw men ou Avith a sweet violence, whether they will or not. . - Human affairs aro not so happily arranged that the best things please the most men. It is a proof of a bad cause when it is applauded by tho most. An eager pursuit of fortune is inconsistent with severe devotion to truth. The heart must becoino tranquil beforo tho thought can "become searching. Tins roots of morals and of religion aro ever intertwined, and they draw their strength from tho same soil, are fed from heaven with the same rains, and grow per1 . e light. petually toward the Nature is sent to teach us by her autumnal parables; and every JadingJcaf on every tree, with its bud of future growtliliid be-hind it, becomes a solemn text, warning us to "secure while tho leaf is yet green tho germ that shall live when the frosts or death have destroyed both fruit and flower." self-sam- s T - MaximilHau. It is worthier to strive and fail, than not to havo either capacity or will to .strive at all. In the conflicts of duty, there are re-- " serves of power on the side of right, which aro at the disposal of .one who wrestles and overcomes. Pain may bo blessed to us in tho larger and more generous sympathy , tho-gent- ' s sion with some young ladies. Well, nine cases out of ten they're correct, and. if .11. iney Iook in tne glass meyii see anomer. It is as dangerous to inform a man of his faults without giving offence,1 as U is to tel him of his good qualities without flatterK 1 ing him. tearlofrecolleptiqn, then le T; CAN"you lhform"me,'r said alstuilent to n "whether I can find anywhere tho biography of Pollock?" "Yes I daro book-selle- r, . say you will find it in the "Course of Time." Some ingenious observer Jias discovered that there Is a remarkable resemblance be. , tween a baby andwheat, since it is cradled, then thrashed," and finally becomes the : . flower of the family. :" EV ' Girls, in treating dissipated young men as their equals, do a wrong they can scarcely realize. Such men should be made to feel that until they walk with correctness and honor in the paths of right, good people stand aloof from them. Girls who respect themselves will not be seen with such men, and will decline to receive them on the familiar footing of friendship. It is a mistaken kindness to poultice when caustic is needed, and I am inclined to think .that a little sharp decision on the' part of tho girls of would go far to correct the general looseness of morality among young men. Woman's Journal. to-d- ay DESCRIPTI EE ON or , CLOTHING, BOOTS, SHOES, GENERAL DRY GOODS. PUBE GIRLS AND IMPURE BOYS. Specialty in Gloves tind Home-mad- - Socks, e Fine Line of LADIES' CORSETS. . II. E." Phelps, 29 East Temple Street. ' EC: JDHSrWOOnDEY, '' , VTHOLESALE AND RETAIL DEALER IX , FURNITURE! SPRING BEDS, WIRE MATTRESSES, Featlaer s ypd 11 Pap e r, 9 BABY CARRIAGES PEN AND SCISSORS. The war of A good maxim. It is more moral to believe ourselves to be bad, than to imagine . ,( - into is a favorite expres-- character a crowning grace.' The love that survives Ihe'foinb is the noblest attribute of tho soul. If it has woes, it has likewise its delights; and when the overwhelming burst of grief, is lulled Bits of frontier life Scalps. . "You're a fraud," which it creates within us j and renunciation which ; is willingly adopted, adds to ; :FLOWEBS. . hi the sudden anguish and convulsive agony over the present ruins of all we most loved are softened away into pensive meditation, of all that it'was in the days of its loveline s. Who would root such a sorrow from 'the heart? Though it may sometimes throw et ihe bright hour of gaizpasslngcmd ety,' or spread a deeper sadness tver the huu r of gloom, yet whowbuld: exchange it for the song of pleasure or the burst of revelry. No; there is a voice from Jhe sweeter than song: there is a remembrance of the dead to which wo turn even from the charm of the living. cree f A. M. at Cornell. Mrs. DitItydery n'pupii of Mrs. Lozier . exponent; WOMAN'S 32 races 75, 77 . . j 1 last of the hims. 79 First South St., Salt Lake City. races for office. The largest room in the world, is the room for improvement What word is always pronounced wrong, even by the best of scholars? Wrong. ; The article most commonly sold at fancy i : f fairs is the visitor. Why is coal the most contradictory article known to commerce? Because, when ' purchased it goes to the cellar. There is a time for all things. The time to leave, is when a young lady asks you . how the walking is. Why should the last boy. born to a family be named '.Doxology? .Because he i3 the - .... ' , . . ; ! CLUB RATES. Determined that nothing shall be granting on the part of the Publishers, to increase the circulation of the Exposes T and aid In promoting the objects contemnt plated in its publication, by making It truly an expo-Beof the TieTfS of the women of tJtah, suatained by them, read by them, and Its columns enriched with a widely circulated expression of their thoughts, we offer the following liberal terms to clubs for the present toI-um, e: v 10 copies; 1 year with a copy to the getter :- up of - f 18 00 the club. to the getter up of 15 copies, 1 year, with a copy - 20 00 the club, . . 20 copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of the club, and a framed steel engraTing 12 x 1G inches, of President Brigham -x eung, selling ' - U 00 price, 13.50; SO copies, 1 year, with a copy to the getter up of the club, and a superior first proof steel of President Brigham Young, hand43 00 . somely framed, selling price $4 Clubs can be commenced at any time, and additions can be made after the first list of names has .been sent. Getters up of clubs should notify us of their intentions so that We can credit them with all names sent In. la all cases glye the name and residence of each , plainly and correctly written, with the time whoi each subscription Is tocommcnce7and whether for a whole or half year. Money .can be remitted by registered letter at the risk en-grati- ng "Two soles that beat as one,1' remarked tho boy to his mother, as sho was dealing with him for his sins with both slippers at once. ." '' '.; V.' ; CiiARLiis Lamb, when speaking of one of hb rides on horseback, remarked that "all at once his horse stoppedrbut on." ': - rights he-ke-pt ; y ; alter with her intended, you may know sho is about to draw her beau into a knot. "... A country girl wauts to know where the laugh comes in about spelling matches. She knows of but one way. The most bashful girl wo ever heard of was the young lady who blushed when she was asked if sho had not been courting sleep. i. cr, " When a woman stands at tho hymeneal ; sub-scrib- '. - ef the publishers. ' . " Subscribers desiring the addresB changed from one PostOHIce to another should send us their former, as ' V' well as their new address. "We hope that agents and ladles throughout the Territory, especially Presidents and OCcers of Relief Societies will aid us by getting up clubs, by bringing the fstorably to the notice of n on subscribers and therwise using their Influence to Ucrease. its clrcu n Ex-roxx- -- la-to- and usefuhiess. xT " 