WOMAN'S EXPONENT 114 for the ExroNENT. IIOLIDAY RHYMES. Happy, Jojous, merry Christmas! Can it be that welcome sound? Yea, a?atn the day is with us, Passing; on Its yearly ronnd, :;j; : 4: VMerry ChrlstmasI" "Merry Christmas!" Gleerul hearts their gladness arush 1 Hark! conflicting sounds are mingled; Mirthful ones a moment hush! i In last night's visits, , "Santa Claua Childish treasures to bestow, Missed 60 itinY little stockings, That he filled ayearago!'' ; ' ' Yet, 0! weep not, loving .f'Santa," For the tiny missing feet Do not stray,"they have but entered bright 1 sunny, safe retreat. ; :- Sing again ye Joyou eartblings, Ere the garlands disappear . . : ; Which have crowned your Merry Christmas, "Dawn theTappxSOew Year. ihe-'brighe- st ? vVvRknown; ; rrT! i ilGddtiathtorilUfcWIdreiiEhown; And draw nearer to Our Father , 7 Happy that tus timk Is near,When His Saints, shall greet the dawning ; Of a glorious, grand NW Year. , . - 1 ! ,1 , : LUUu B, S..BEPOBTS. First Ward, Salt Lake City, Dec. 15th 1874. , v JDear Editor: Wo are improving, as we hope to con. tinuo doing, through the blessings of tho Lord inwhom we trust, as a Belief Society and as Individuals. We endeavor to be always on hand to assist tho poor or to aid in any good undertaking Wo had a general meeting on' Thanksgiving Day, and had Our sisters from the city, Miss Eliza B. Snow, Mrs M. LHorne, Mrs..Zina D. Young, Mrs. (R jWoodruff; Mrs. Howard, Mrs. V7 TMjMrifStiJ Kimball aridJMrs. M. Young. ; 1 Celtial The principles 'of uttity Marriage subjects vspbkert 'upo'nl Besides the sisters named j remarks were rhade by our PresMys tCChase,'and her Counselors ident MrLJulla Adams and; Mr& Sidney Thay ne also by our Bishop, "Joseph vWarburton. A jgobd spirii prevailed and we felt that it truly was a. Ifiapksgiving.Day.' 1 : ;v . ; Mrs. Jane E. Van Tassell, Secretary. The Belief Society, of . Smithfield, Cache county; is reported by the Secretary, Mrs. Jane S.. Coleman, to be still faithfully striving to comfort and bless the poor in their midst, and to promote the interests of the Kingdom of God. They have lately made four bed quilts for a donation towards build" ing the Temple. : : . ' ; .... ' y."- -; r;- - ; ; , ' . : M; For the Exposejtt. HEBE AND HEBE AFTEB. BY BDANCITE BEECnWOODr How often we hear such expressions as "The present is ours, the' future we know nothing about, it is all uncertainty, wrapt in profound mystery.' ' We should be careful to qualify our words and not fall Into the channel of tradition and past education, forgetting that the light of revelation has dawned upon us; that a Divine Messenger has been sent to tell us we are here by our own consent. We are not left to grope in darknessrand in superstition, misguided, we have been more peculiarly favored. All the learning of Christendom has not made plain the simple fact, that wo had a previous ex istence. The gifted and immortalized By-ron in his Celebrated prayer, ; one of the finest poems ever written, cried out m his EatherjCrzfri.i: of heart,- - . : Our present time should be devoted to anguish r own oonsent, I camo.''"'; "Without mf feeHhe in oiuriliearts cultivation that inay to us on leads which duty and use fWe are here lor : a purpose; every one of: spiration fulnes3. That the desire of our whole souls us; here to prove our Integrity before high may be to do good; that we may each one heaven; ,here to develop the faculties which have an "Eye single to the Glory of God." have been implanted in our natures, and to When we reflect upon how earnestly we de make good use of our time in doing; our Fa sire happiness during our short sojourn here ther's work. Not to abuse, or neglect our upon earth, is it not reasonable to think (hat opportunities for advancement. Do we order we will even more earnestly desire it in ifyo our lives with reference to the hereafter, fiereafter which 'Is to be everlasting? And keeping the conviction continually in view, when we think that our conduct in the not in fear, not In dread, but guiding, dipresent is to determine our state in the Fu recting, inspiring us to achieve a work of. tiire is it Jnot enough to inspire us to put which we need not be ashamed when we go forth greater exertions than we have ever home again into the presence of our Father? done before, and try to obtain a reward We must render an account then, without worthy of the noblest ambition? There i3 help from others: without the influence of a record kept on high out of which we are friends; not resting upon another faith; to be judged, and in which will be recorded not trusting to another's knowledge; our every action of our lives, every word that own acts, our own merits must speak for we utter. And the account in the great themselves. We are permitted to help each Future will stand as a witness either for or other here, to reach out after the weak and against us. We may indulge . in thoughts erring, and O! how kind anl merciful and that were they known to our fellow beings tender we should be. that we lay riot a straw would cause our cheeks to burn with shame. in their bathBut ever watchful of those But they are wafted on high, and are known around us, or those entrusted to our care and to Godndirholyngels. In our work of guidance, demonstrate our true chanty .by preparation we must school our feelings to genuine acts of mercy; strengthening, com. bear and forbear, to be tried to the utter- fortincr, sustaininer those whose hearts are most in the , cause ef righteousness, and fer-g- aching, whose bosoms haver been pierced, not to acknowledge the hand of a just reminding them 01 the nereanemn wnicn God in all our afflictions. For against none hey must act their own individual parts. is the anger of the Lord kindled except Thus we may make soft pillows for our those who acknowledge not his hand in all heads when we come to lie in the grave; things. My young sisters, when we reflect showing that sweet charity which is needful; upon the many opportunities that we have commending where wo can, objecting where in the Present for cultivating our minds, we must, sincere in sorrow for a fault, re and when we think of the responsible po- joicing without envy for a virtue: daring to sitions that are awaiting us in the not far stand alone if necessary, having sufficient distant Future positions that we are ex- moral courage to condemn vice: and although pected to fill with honor, as wives and some hate, some deride and many shun us, mothers i n Israel, should it not arouse us we will not go weakly along with the cur- from a state of indifference in which we re- ent stream of popularity: though the world pose, thinking all will be well? It is our be loud to condemn us, and though we suf to the great duty to prepare ourselves for bringing forth fer wrong, we' look ' forward ' '' ' and cultivating the minds of those who are hereafter. ':' to bear off the Kingdom of God triumphShall we be sorry then for any strait and ant It. lias been said that the children, of harrow places through which we have passed tho saints are growing up in unbelief of the safely, for a'ny crooked path we have trodden principles of the Gospel. Let us ex'amlne alone? Will there not be Joy in our hearts ourselves and see if we believe that this is or the experience we have gained, for tne the true plan of salvation, and if it is not victory we have achieved. satisfactory to us, if there are some princiMothers, sisters, wo are tho pioneers of a we cannot see ples that; clearly, let us not great army who are learning to battle for cease to pray to God until he gives us a Ife with its opposing', elements; and for all testimony of the truth of the work In which he sorrowful, for all the weak, for all who we are1 engaged. And then, having re- hare borne in silence and In meekceived a testimony, let us live up to every ness, for allneglect who have sought to live pure -requirement,"omitting no known duty. And ives there is one resource which never iaus; while doing so, we may have the" assurance hereforo let them look from-thshattered that tbe angels are preparing for us crowns idol of their hopes here, from the broken Ot eternal reward of our mirror to the unbroken light reflected from salation, the ' present faithfulness. L T he Eternal Love that never fails. And re- . T -- :!:: fr "Majr.it Wlntfeoj Thtfeur livei make more' or less sunshine and happiness for all who are within the circle of our in flnenref- - Although we may be placed in very trying circumstances, .and surrounded by those who take aengnt in irouunug auu Demlexincr. still wo can have true inward peace, by reliance upon the "Giver of every acting in ac gohd'perfectjgift,', and?ly .01 tno xio cordance with..tho teachings to satisfaction Spirit which is sure to bring the soul. We can invariably find happiness while listening to the dictates of a con science made sensitive under the influence of tho Spirit of God. We fmust not rely upon - pleasant - surroundings and devoted friends for eniovment But we must have puro contented; spirits within before we can secure nappiness irom wunoui. xiuq happiness can only be enjoyedthrough the knowledge that we are doing right and are entitled to the approbation of our Heavenly For the fcxpoaeirr. PBESENT AND FUTUBE. ; ... A - et . ) - - - -- I have not chosen this subject to write upon because I feel competent to treat it thoroughly or throw any additional light upon it; but because it is a subject of great interest to me, and by thinking, speaking, and writing, upon this, as upon all other subjects, I know that fhe information I receive will bo more strongly impressed upon 'my mind. - - - The Present is a time which we all desire should be as' pleasant as possible, and it is within tho power of each person to make it so. We in.a great degree have tho ordering of our lives, either or Joy or sorrow. We have also the power within ourselves to 1 ; e 