nerfection. with sweet words of flatter and - precious bits of ad vice,' what then? Wha ihdeed ' these weikj "childish sentIStaisms,' after rendering them too lovjnglyblind to he able to guard themselves agtilntt "desigriing1 and pi Veiy oteswho sciences tte taruinrrf :nf hum.in ? j Kttf At liA if hot remorse. ' ' ' - - HOHE AFFAIBS. I: We C - sei f"r:r ;' . 1 :y lre(uent;recurrence,tnaf "Women would become the rivals of their liusbarids, instead of . their companions.?' A writer in the "Woman's Journal," commenting upon it says: "Not until love wasuppressedits foundation e. t:'X widerit - v ..- - :: : li: ; rcnec-tiouy'a- ' ud ' -- their ciper when they might dosomething great, a period when nothing see ins Impossible.-Thlignorance of women 8poil3 for the hu-- p man race, this magnificent opportunity; and love, at the utmost, inspires a jroungmanto learn to ride well, or to make a judicious selection of. a tailor." In view of (h it 'not behoove 113 t crealn rnrnlvfq ft f--r e 30th,' closed; the engagement of the celebrated English opera. It has been a rich treat for the riiusic loving people of Salt Lake. The opening performance1 of r'as "II Troyat6re,,,f Thursday Jurie thing unparalleled, in this locality. The character" ot IheHpiece itself iand the superb voices of the ladies and gentlemen, who sustained the most difficult parts, together with the charming and full choruses; were all calculated to inspire an enthusiastic admira- tion for the divine art of music, in the atten ' 7 : tive and appreciative audience. ( 2-it- h 1 i -- -- dis-Bnguis- hed -- ; k .ti-r-i- Last evening; June - .j i ; letter from E. S. Barney of; this city, who is travelfng in company with Sisters ;E B. Snow, M. I. Home, and E. Howard, through Eome of the. Southern settlements, -- A. - V d will be less- blind, and produce fewer troubles." This writer says (speaking, of course, of the age in which he lived fifty years ago,) "In Paris" the highest; praise for a marriageable .girl is to say, she has great sweetness of character arid the disposition of a lamb.". And when he alludes to women be- coming authors, heJ doe? not at alf relish ; the idea of living ones, but seems disposed to allow the publication of their 'works after' their rfpafYi . yiiKe.juauame- ue jstaeM' lie goes on to say, Ho print any thing for a woman under fifty is to risk her fate in. the most terrible of lotteries; if she is: so( fortunate; as to have a lover, she . will lose him to begin with.n as this much Vwriter, he seems fHo &hrhik ;,:'i5dt from the idea'1 of women authors ,'make3 a f generous exception when a woman needs to support her, family. by t writing,1 and; also .admits the indirect' influence , of women ;,on, Jit- craiure.. ,, u'.i. ; extracts niaaovircm thuwrknby the writer in the "woman's Journal," are worthy of being copied for the.perusal of all intelligent women; iney uiofu suujecis ior tenous give iia ridea of what a man of refinement and cultivated intellect "considered woman's highest prerogative, half a century '' " V V.'V ; V;" ago. .v One particular paragraph sirIkes us as being someihiug peculiarly' 'calculated ' to inspire women to, adopt other and higher ideas, thn those of pandering to man's tastes and appe- titcs; it is this. "Most men have a period in or Teachers ilnstittUq Jnlthis cUy under th e auspices of SuptJBiggs, to be conducted by Dr. J. BTarkwosc successand experience are so widely knownA ,The design Is'eto give to the teachers of the territgry; a thorough knowledge of the best methods of instruction. It Is expected to open :Aug." 2rid,fr and- ' close Aug. - Society Pair "at Bountiful, Davis Co., opened for one week on Thursday, June 24lh. Thevobjec to pbtain .jneanstto build a Society Hall. Committee of arrangements were Mr?. E. BarlowjrMrs: L. Sessions, Mrs. M, J. Crosby, and iMrss JMi Carter. They excellent taste ih trie arrangement of dbpiaj-ethe affair, and deserve great credit for their energy and enterprise, in rendering it ;so; attrac-tiv- 1 ' duringxvtl; '- jTiie Belief -- Ar- BooriisiwillibQCclosiid Xor--m- al rangeriaerits are heirig rriado for holding a , .:y-'-;-Me- who ciri see a lack in woman's education are", scarcely filling i to concede their capabil- Hies even when differently arid 'orebrbugii-'ly educated A Very fine' writer has said, in apjswetirigjcom'qipn objections that one of very will be IJismarck JJoxlen, nephewof the Celebrated ' 1:m statesman,: . 'TsT ';y- - .0 Tby 1i late private : letteriXrom "Kariab Ivaiie Co., that the health of the "people in general, in that locality, is good. Crops are promising fairly, but later this season than were mostly killed by usual; arid the peaches ' recent frosts. . aflec-tiona- te Veear2 ' ; ? ; self-love- ;" : -- Success to iill 'women' journalists whoso object, is to assist in thYdiiTusiori of light arid "knowl-Tt?dg- e, and the spread of truth. .... "Among the many distinguished visitors who have passed through our . city within' the last was i Lieut. Carl Eugene -- Graf jVoiT : niunth, and correct , their j udgmeri t hen , they; can bc Z co nvi need, there 13upou, - ei&ct not themselves, therp, whichwjll only their .children, and theirimmediate circle of. s influence sociacquaintance?, but; more r ety at lanre; the country in which they dwell. the government which bears s.jvay oyer all. j While men are determined toilteep wonieu subordinate, "tliey will of; courselumper jt&eso "defects in her,: because it is JUttering'to their and they cry dut "We want owry women left us and not female menJand talk and write, about making trooni for atfthird -- r''v.': -- V AoinnR. newspaper whose local editor; is ;a womp, i3;nowAbeirig published iri.Ogden. hon, Mrs. gives some ' pleasing information concerning their labors. The letter was dated Jtine 22nd, at Moroni, Sanpete Co., where they had held a meeting with the sister3 the previous evenPresident Young arid several 6f the ing.brethren were present at the meeting 'Pres. the sisters, Tcung spolc most encburagingty'to : and said he would appoint them a; mission':ib .;. visit cV'ery'etUement In Sanpete County vand see that they were properly'organized 'and set to work. A two days meeting was held by the President and brethren in Fort Ephraim Jisrne : 7 ... . ; 22nd, and 23rd.' "Mn. Axtell has scarcely had time allowed him to form personal acquaintance with the peoplo and atTairs of Utah, after being sent here a3 governor, when, with no perceptiblo excuse for change, he is removed: to Kew Mexico,and Judge G. W. Eracry,of Terinesiee, is appointed to the governorship of this Territory in his fctead. East and west, this move-- , ment "is looked upon with a degxeo of wonder aritl commented unon by the press; various opinions are advanced, but like othrr iolitical ransaclinrs in relation to Utah. it4is not ' . . 1 ; -- self-relian- Emerwe; brieve; bears a ana we hope wii prove wii, m fair character, and judicious governor. v? i t 't the! jfayor 0$ a circular We ACiNOWtEBq rrom fiom thu Deseret iUniversityfpxaS7i-t- o Dr. J. II. Park, Principal. Mauy.; thanks for the same. ;Tho Spring termor ims insiuuuon closed June22riH.:" After the examining exert cises the teachers; were present cd ty the pupils, with some elegantly bound volumes of poems. J. F. Wells madeaw iaprffopriatemmarks on the preseCatieriwhieh Reived respbriso from the principal In behalf fnllnwInfrJlterm will on! J,Thiv . ' o 7. II, llIC lLbiUtbUlCI commence Aug. 23rd; r The Unlyemty Bead ing interesting, Reports from " strong-minde- d, ' iiIve received indifferenv S Societies in Provo, Tayson and Virgin, hicii we are compelled to. lay "over until, our ' tl J i next issue', for wan t of space : ZIs it not time thatmcugave woraair eneoui agemcnt in being practical earnest, t, original, (if you will,)that she should feel BheBad Jmngcncy of "independents mprearnestiy MapXMeKsi - nf liiirv?Hlttnn nrn-- a BP?" clearly, understood : of havo Utah ever, pertain that the people need 'tblearn correct 'principles ;and wisely povem themselves, fof they are obliged to tako their governors as they are sent,, one after another, whether; they'prdt'e-- iabe good, bad, or higher standard, and having fixed upon i t, be firm in our resolves to attain whatever is possible, with the weapons we have to work, with, and the tide of opposition we must stem? 1873. ;; .' X: y: nth, Tue A3UTEUR exhibition of MissM : . .E-Cook- 's Graded School, which was uuderxlhe direction of her assistant Miss Emma 'AVellsJ'. was a pleasant arid r, iritercsting; ;affaifi fThe programme contained .falcliarnaipgTv singing, recitations etc. Onescene, from . Henry the IV was creditably rendered by the young Misses. Charade; The;Sleepiri'g?Beauty in which the little1 ones did Yrileniiidlv: Miss Edith Clawson the young Jprince, 'Miss Mabef Lulu Yourig the enchanted priUcesSv-MIs- s Wells 1110 Jxi ngs' jester; eacn ulsplayed considerable talent iriiv siriail wa and Callie Wells sang "Beautiful Gates Ajar," very sweetly. r Miss Annie yells read 'a valedictory. Miss Belle Pugstey fori ancl in behalf of the principal, jVrcsentcd some very fine volumes of poems to the teachers, as a testimony of her esteem5 and satisfaction. Miss Cook has been untiring in her efforts to train and instruct these young lady teachers and bring them up to her standard of systematic teaching. It is anticipatedjMiss Cook will go East soon.on a visit to her friends- - r v: ' In our number of June 15th, fceverar items of Home Affairs were riecetfiariaily' omitted, . which would not now.poRgess the sanieampunt .of i n teres t ; but t he an n i versary of; the. birthday of our worthy IVesidcnf,Brighaihyoung,cahnot fail to be pleading to our readers, even" though a mpnth has pasedr: t.idraIJI. J5oo?al;afatOlis, P. Bsattic, (t wa qf hiV married" daughters) "arranged aUiprise party at the lion House, in -- . -- , ' . rill j t. 1.. t ..i-- . rA.iiji.'uL'jL " rrit vue ijxe programme was;rn juuu ioij.,; was particularly perfect taste, and the A and satisfactory. sumptuous and pleasant 1 1. l i iir&i. vi ! rH-r- - ... re-uni- on elegant dinner was spread, for about one hun- orea ana miyt persons, an or inem.Qniiaren, grand children, and near relatives. . Amagriifi-ceu- t cake was presented to him on the occasion; wnieh tney detcrrea cutting until the birthday of Mr?; M. Ar Young, June Stlir" We most respectfully wish, him many happy Ireturns cf the day, with healtl and strength to enjoy the blessings of life, arid that he may, live to see his most sanguine hojes. realized In the building up of the Kingdom cf (3 kl iirkra the eai f h. ;. We would also bsention here the anni versa! V of the birthday of our Presiding Bishop Edward Hunter.; ;;June 22nd, he was eighty-tw- o years old. We congratulate him on .rtaching Uc3? h irind 'hartv.- anil vtfish . vnpf.qhlA !icp. Krr'li.iTn' , ."01 w -- " : -- ' - . ns hlr, hnrpitable and generous; nature could de- fire... ri r. - rr v ; r:.vi - - 