WOMAN' 4G LETTERS FROM ABROAD. ' "'.rv 42, - : - Liverpool,.; Islington, r 1875. :;; . v '. . ; ;r a?!. - -U, - if theyilU . '. ; ' ut, "Know this that of cry soul la free, '". Toch06e his Hie and what he'll be; For thla eternal truth Is given, That God will forco no man to heaven." R ' - I believe if there had been ten righteous souls In Sodom. God would have soared the. city, but they wero not to bo' found, and sudden destruction came upon it. "Zion might have been redeemed even now were it not for the transgressions of my people." But they have not yet learned to bo obedient to the things required, "and we must needs bo chastened until we learn obedience if by the things wo suffer." But before the great day of the Lord shall come Jacob shall flourish in tho wilderness and the Lamanites shall blossom as .the rose, Zion shall flourish, upon the hills, and rejoice upon the mountains and shall bo assembled together unto the place which I have appointed." All these are being fulfilled, and the Saints have cause to rejoice, "but many promises seemed to have failed because5 of unbelief and unrighteousness, speaiing of the church as a whole and not individuals;" but the purposes of God are ripening, the promises await the preparation of the church, which will bo wrought by tho righteousness of tho people; when the ungodly tremble, and fear shall surprise tho hypocrite in Zion. Then will you realize the fulfillment of tho promises of God through tho patriarchs and whether you tarry in the fleshorprophets, ascend to the glorious life of the redeemed Spirit "The redeemed are Chrlsts, and He is God's, who is not tho God of the dead but of the living. Redemption comes by repentance and baptism into Christ the birth of tho water and tho Spirit, such are the living, whether, in or out of tho flesh j and thoytbat shall como forth in tho morning of tho first resurrection, on whom ttthn crvrmr1 rlniK A power, and they shall bo Priests unto God, and reign with him on tho earth." But tho unredeemed aro they that are dead whether iu or out of the fleli, and they will rise not ; should bo good. May God bless you. ' . , Affectionately- - "n" ;. :..:. ... r,:.A . ; : "PIPSEY PAPERS. - ; ' - ; - old friend few tiiings for your psey ; , and; 'pages that may bo both usefut and enter, ? introduction which I brought and sent her in this country the' English post system1 ' being as near perfect as possible. I sent it addressed as you will see with our published address onjthe envelope. Messrs. Moody and Sanky are a couple; of shrewd Yankee adventurers, and are supposed to bo: making great fortunes put of . their religious furors. They are the sarao that jVisi ted, S.; L, a three years ago, and after praising our Sab-- , bath school system and expressing wonderful delight at the courtesies extended; to them by our people, went awajr. jroljihg up their eyes in holy horror 1 at the "terribld ' V taining. V In the first place I, must tell you, who' Pip-se-y is; as all our readers do . not take "Arthur's She is a lady I jullgo on 'the; shady writes Very entertaining pieces for it. She has a continual fund of informationi "com- biried with sketches and items bf interest Tarn neither fat lair rior fbftyf nor do I profess to havo Pipsey's talent, but I trust that I see and -- know many f thingsl that might prove interesting and beneficial. If I am 4iappyi to see f the j ladies of -- Utah come forward and prove to the world that they possess both talent and Integrity, that they may no longer be judged with falso-- v hood andvprejudice, but? icomo forward to ; mako a record for themselves, r Sister Snow, with some of her sister workers in the good cause made us a visit a few "days ago. They held a meeting and gave us much good instruction She) .reproved iis too quite severely, I suppose we needed it. Ofxourse'thecoatdidn (of course riot,) , She said we" wero asleep. (Did she mean me I wbu'der)? She said wo did not send our daughters to retrenchment meeting. Now that was not mo for I have T none old Enough to send. , I must say a few words for the girls of our town. I belie vo a majority of them were born on Saturdays, at least they fill the adage to work hard for a livinsv Many of them work in tho factory, some . teach scnooi,ana some go out to housework, while others help mother at home. I must say a word too for mothers. I beliovo many of them would like to see their children pursue a different courso from what they do: but there is so much young America about them, and mothers are such old fashioned peopio that tney are not supposed to know what is altogether proper Now I wish all. of our young, people to read the Exponent,so that my voice might reach every one of them, and I. would say girls and boys too: What are you doing? Are you living so as to. prove yourselves sons and daughters in Zion? Do you learn things pertaining to tho 'kingdom of God? Or aro your minds led away by the vain things of the world. Do you "qualify yourselves 10 become useful helpmeets to noble men, or aro your li ves filled with fashion and frivolity? If a time of trial should comer-requirisacrifices such "as others before havo you made, how many would havo fortitude to. make them? How many would stand strong in faith in Israel's God and say: Lord we aro ready, for wo know that thou wilt sub tain us while this great wave of affliction Is passing by, or if perchauco pur lives are spent in the endeavor, .Thou wilt bear us up, to meet Thee in a homo of light and happiness above. , The Third AVard Belief Society met at Bro. Madsen's .on June 24th, to organize a branch Society on the Lake bottom. President M. T. SmooVR; A. Holdcn, and 'sister . Johnson and counselors met with us. V Mrs.' Anna Johnson was ordained PresiMrs. dent,1 Mary Hndrcn and Mrs. I Ilcld- ; ilorao-Magazine.- " "i ; i . : wickedness they found among-th- e Morhave attended mons," I some oT tKeir ; ' should jike to copy after our J .Pi writo a March 24, 1874, or it would4havo been re. turned. Mails are. very regular and certain meetings and sent them the ""Star," Their doctrine Is "Come to Jesusonly believe and you will be saved." It was said by the Liverpool papers that the first week of their visit to Liverpool tho "criminal dockets,- - in the police court wero greatly : in excess of the average; and the insane asylums hayo come in for their share of; religious maniacs caused by the excitement; all : of which are facts but to mention it to such; as. Aunt Matthews, i t would be considered persecution. The people will not endure sound doctrine, and are turned unto fables. Dear ExroNENT: ' to-da- ' ' ' JosEra P. Smitil. Youre of "May 23rd with note' to Aunt Ann Matthews enclosed came to hand Juno 14th. I forwarded it to her' y with the accompanying note. J; cannot but thinks thereis a littleaffectation juher-letterl.-- to you. She certainly received your letter of vixt tinues good. -- i:. tho lam noways doubtful about promise received by Grandmother Fielding' respecting her children, being fulfilled, any more than I am about the Saviors preaching the gospel to the spirits of the rebellious ante-- , diluvlans, but I am fearful that some 01 them who have had an opportunity of hearing the truth and receiving it in the flesh, but who have allowed1 their prejudices to blind their minds, and harden their hearts against it, will have to "pay the debt to the uttermost farthing," in the "prison house," before they will realize the fulfillment of the promise. Herein may you, and those who In the covenant, under Christ the Head, are . become propitiated and saviors unto them. I believe too it is the design of the' mighty Creator that not only this generation,1 to whom the gospel. has come, but the generations of the past and of the future, shall come and drink of the fountain of life freely ' m-pro- vo 'If I had not so much writing, do, would of try to open a correspondence ,wth,-spm- o our folks; and I will try as it is, If possible. 1 , better ed vantages than I had and then I your time. You are blessed and you at all until the thousand fyelH'''arleidedir God isnot their God. In this I do not !mean redemption from the iaii jof Adam, for all even. the sons of perdition, both the gos-rpe- ( V.; . evil and the good are redeemed from tho fall, but for the wicked there awaits a "second death." I mean the perfect . redemp l. tion through the perfect and complete But this you know perfectly, as well V , ONE N T . : , June 2ith, MyDear Aunt, -- ; Zl:, - V rv:: : 4 Mercy R. Thompson: ;! came favor kind 12th, Your very :ofMay to hand June 5th when I was in Berne, Switzerland, I have not ; had time to an- ;?:v flwer since. kindred - in our some of to visit I will try 41 return home. this old country before "When the last event will be I doriot know, any more than I do the first; and I desire to bo found doing my duty the best I can in toy. weakness at all times. My health con;;; EXP SI : : . ; 1 ! " - ; . - 42 JOS. F. .SJUTII. Islington, Li VEKVOOL, i Eng., March, 9th, 1875. ' My Dear Robert B.: y Your kind letter and ; valentine came to hand this morning. I was pleased indeed to seo that you could write so well. I hopo you will continue to improve until you can writo like your grandfather Thompson rind much better than I can; When I. was a little boy as you are now, and should have been going to school and learning to read, write, cipher &C I had to travel on the plains and camp in the deserts with no home but a wagon or at tent,T4md ho school-teachto Instruct 'me. And when at last with tho saints I found a home in Utah, I was obliged to herd cattle, to plough, irrigate, harvest and go to the canyon to get wood and help to build a homo for my mother (your grand aunt) and had no chance to go to school until I was a big boy and then 1 went three months and thrco weeks; this was tho extent of my schooling. When I started on a mission in 1854 I was fifteen years old, and had never written a , letter in ray life, and did not know how to' writo a dozen words; but I began to feel the . need of an education so I studied, practised, prayed and tried to lcarn,and havo been learning at a disadvantage ever since; now I can juat write so as to bo understood. 1 I want to rcrc yon and ray little boys havo 1 , ; . er : iiow-a-day- s. .' ; : -- ng , . - 