115 WOMAN'S EX RON EHT. member still that all pure love brings its bur den as well as its lov: but letHtM be always nearest.His voice ahvliysclearesfto be heard, easiest to be understood, dearest to lonow; what He desires our closest care. The voice of God is no inarticulate music, but a living voice, whose "Woe unto tho .workers of in and needed as his "Come un iquity" is real i to me all ye that are, weary and heavy la- -- den." The present is good, if we only under?: stood ourselves properly and we are learning it daily; and as we learn trying to benefit others; the future is ours, we belong to it we shall assuredly ihaye to take part in it; and if we can only thoroughly prepare our selves here, refreshing: and gladdening others, whft mav wMrv of the wav Messina Tiumahity arid ad vanclngtruerknowledgef we shall indeed receive a rich recom pense, a glorious reward i n the great here what I often see, young people partaking with 'great levity of th emblems of our UevUyaffeet Saviors death. Will not-th- is the minds of strangers, as the desecration of the Bible and the cross Ins the Japanese? Will not the conduct of the children bo re- crnrilPfl Ae nn indnv fn tho character of tho parents? Who is the father that has reared such sons! . Who is the mother that has trained such daughters? Will tho son or daughter who feared nut God andHis.scr- vants sumcietly-trefiin from idle talk and rude conduct in the great Tabernacle, of a mother be found careful of the feelings or sister at home? crush out every feeling ofjoy and interest in the happiness of others, every feeling of .a -sorrows. ana failings . ttr i : Whether uou requires 01 us mo iu mu- ment of this comnmndment iii. its, fullest . seuso anu ineauiug x .ww v uu m to us it seems impossible , we Know iuui ww y iyothers , to behold Jwaters, partaking ling tt0fc . iroeiy, wm uumueucu ui nor.wiliit satisfy tho mknawing vhunger to ;; cnagty . . . . . o m ia'P . . a rx ayrcuu huh yieuijv But wo fall far short of even a partial fulfill ment, and there is much, very much to do before He could in any - wish say, yoiuhave in theoICurch wheFe mijrfaWeFsrfami- - loved your neighbor is yourself. ly worshipped, in the days of my child hoyd, there was one young lady who was to me a Denavior. i iur &iy iu penect inouei READING MADNESS. of dress was chaste yet elegant; ker walk energetic yet graceful; the modest air with Wo are again . reminded of the dangers Which she entered the door and passed along surround us all. ven in pursuit of whinh the aisle was truly captivating.. Andjhen Salt Lake Git vf Dec. 11th, .1874. she sat so still. I never saw her turn her the most rlnnocent amusements and the at nlainest duties. For instance, reading is h ead to tho ri ucrh t or to' the left to r anvbodv-- and as'to whispering. I should as both an amusement and duty to those Who GOOD MANNERS. soon thecush ions to speak can reach books, and not, to read the current as. Written for and read before the 14th Ward audibly as for this lovely girl to open her news in the papers is almost looked upon criminal at this day in this in vain gossip in the house of God! lips a iew evemngs pre Ajiictu XUU VU VC1V OUUU ICll ovi v . ,i vious to the death of the author. home a person has been reared in, or what pernicious even w ubu iiy vvi the teacher is in the school where he or she reader aosoros auu uiguaw mo mane sevare have some where read that "Man's great There and iditv thoroughness. . .. Dusmess is to improve his mind and govern meet a wToman who- - possesses a gopa eral instances of students reading them you uo mauuvia. xUU UgHlO, j.UeilU your heart and cultivated head, that at the fire selves into every symptom of disease which manners ana that will mend your fortune." side where she was nurtured and in the elicited their intense interest. Somebody ao can not ;my subject "Etiquette" for school-rooi she, was educated, good said to an old apostle' that much learningvhere that is suggestive of much, that is frivolous. manners received duo attention. had made him mad. Whether this was the But good manners founded on the great law that many persons have Eleanor J. Piiatt. fact or not, we know or Kindness embraced in the "Golden Rule." read themselves into incurable insanity, and "Do unto others as you would have them do it is not at all surprising that religious read- unto you," is what I wish to advocate. LOYB THY NEIGHBOR AS THYSELF, ing has made many, monomaniacs and pious fanatics One curious case - or pernicious mis principle if given heed to will lead us aright early and late, at home or abroad. All dav loner this commandment of our reading is that or a doctor, wno, tnougn no in public or in private, in the small group as Savior has been sounding in may ear, as never touched intoxicating drinks, read well as ;n the great assembly. It will be a though He were repeating again the words himseirinta a clearjse of delirium tremens h sufficient guide in the intercourse of father spoken so se years ago; -- and I by intense son, husband with wife, teacher with wherever I go I seem to see them writ- actually got the name of being a habitual pupil, friend with friend, citizen with stran- - ten in letters bold and indelible. drunkard, his practice flbli off, and it was i m gazo am-.- UPOu Uiu UUiUU w - T oa oi-go- , -- - - 1 -- have-expect- ed type-enlighten- v- 1 l " i ; " ' ed ""v." .1 ; - . m many-hundr- study-of-tho- ed jim-jams.r- - Iio-wit- T - rerarido weaight goTOadeShi i Where this law is observed in any house-- i did He mean when He said thy Symptoms of consumption and gout ana hold, we will see deference for age, com- - Neighbor as thyself," and left the com- - other diseases have been produced in like mandraent to be handed down to all future manner, which were, almost unmanageable, passion for Jthe,o and eame near provingiiataLA tie Lias case . sick, forgiveness, for the guilty penitent, generations? mercy for the erring, praise for the worthy Did He know hoiv strongly developed is of this character is that if a prominent citi act. In short, there can Be no time so late the love of. self, how it deafens the ear to zen of Carroll ton, La.j w.. read himself in or so early, no place so public or private, no the cries of our fellow creatures, how it to the most violent syinj' ins of hydropho station so exalted or obscure, no extreme so blinds the eye to their pain and wants, and bia.' He became intense.y interested in the chills or crushes out the purest and most late newspaper accounts o . i hat disease, and great that tho rays of this sun may-nnoblft imnulsfts of the heart? Did Ho real- - read everything he could r ach on the suo-penetrate with genial light and warmth. it good manners founded upon this law ize the weakness of human nature and still iect. It is unnecessary tod icriDB tnefiymp of which I have spoken, were prevalent speak those words to us, and expect obedi- - toms.he developed. They were sufficiently in real agony, among the people, should we see such ence? Would He tell us to do that which is severe to show that ho marked disregard for the comfort of others impossible, or did ho speak in jest or mosk- and terrible enough to al ria all his friends. , as we sometimes do in our public assemblies? erv? threw him 77 t The sitrht of a dog or of loathed food Should we find young people lauchihff and It is a statfi of nerfection .ve must attain into violent convulsion?;. nr in th . m nronirml ........ nnd became m violent that it' Hn rrp- - hnd drfnk. talking either in the TsihemnMps V V UUtV lUtU4 V Tl "tiv nnMhAfm.oVD Ward meeting? Would youner men and ence and clorv. and if so what are its re- - was neccssiiry four or five men should , be to . secure be rushing children come his constant .watchers day and night. the best seats, ouirements? . . . . ... IL While the Jfatnarch with frosted locks,I the Does- it- merelv imnlv a willingucss, r or During his spasms he irotneu at mo mourn, i nxrart rr a timN hn w wn nnd rnlled over the floor and yelped iiKe, a prandmatrernhlirifvO with ihr s. JVMra C. UV'Hlt ...V voicrhtnf QUItl V II llll IHHVIU VUU, V .,07 or the mother with her sleeping infant in ings, the plenty and happiness that wo en- - dog. Under carelul meciicai treatmens ne herarms was standing in the aisle? Would we iov. retaining still our portions? Or Is it to Is likely to recover his wonted heath, but it see spores of neonfe rioino1 fn whon a 0Ani K.r nni enn dah.-- . nh:n.f fn lvhinii wn will hn lone time, before his friends can verse or two, and twenty Words of prayer have lived, have honed and nraved through- - trust him to see a dog. This case, which will dismiss the meeting? Would the hal- - out Inno- davs and vnars. edven to another, seenis to be well autheniicatedthough the lowed quiet or the babbath evening be d is- - and with words of joy on the lips, and Joy name in withheld Is in harmony With, the turbed by a rabble of children let loose for a in tho heart such joy as we had felt had theory advanced, by some that hydrophobia u.k v. frolic? No, we should not be annoyed with tho prize been oursthank God, and be con- in man is in 'nearly every casu mc a diseased imagination. St Louis Republiany of these things. I sometimes think'it tent and happy in anothers joy? would be well if our children were all u The subject is worthy of our deepest can. ired, like those - of - the -- Presbyterians, to thought and most careful study, and of ear A bo audi X Cf house i n G reen sbu rg, Ind.T. stay in the house and read some good book, nest endeavor to think less of ourselves and and thus preserve the peaceful spirit of the more of the suffering humanity around us; advertises to furnish gentlemen with pleas-. 11 . AM 4 Sacramental day. lest in the day of reckoning wo aro found ant and comiortaoie rooms, aiso uue ui Sacramental! This brings to my mind, wanting. Let not this mighty love for self I gentlemen with wives.";; . - ot t"f: - . w. . . ' I I . W 1 ' A fr i k I - 1 V f-- mr VKJ kA m. m.' ... , 1 a I -- T .. t. m - : . -- iva - re-q- -- 1 M 