yssssasiaiasssa 1M . Vol. 4.,, ! r r f A" J NOTES AND KEWS. : ' ; . ne: National Banks t r VinAIIeghany0tyIPa;'.';. ';f- - -."' ynE GbvEENOB 6f :ljtssourl' has appointed -v- of? lasting j grassnopper pesiuence. f r;i ,n Qv- li'lN one part bf'Norway,l the: longest day r The 'Omaha Herald says i "what a iplendid chance for a lazy man' to is three month9.-- - icitltfK. 8ta'rtadaiIy:per.W- :' 6rfrMoNi)AYlMa, ldtVa'Subscrjptidh:. of '$100,000 was raised in.Burllngton IowaV for the construction 6t the BurlingtonJ and North Western 'narrow gauge railroad- .- I t , iU?J'hZrASi& ivn Iowa. "acknowledged .by, Council' Bluffs ' a 'publid demonstration and.; a torchLligh ti 15,' the Utei precession,, on the night of decision of the U. & Circuit Court declaring: that City to be the Eeastern terminus Of, the: opium-smokin- g. ; ; 'ilS CHARLES o?. Bradlaugh wilf visit1 Ataer- -' 6h;;ah6Uier;lecturIngt tour. His two ne'w lectures are ""An 'JEngT lishmah's view'of American 'Policies," and: "Thebor Question in the Old and- NeWj Wolds,,, ... , t t fM icagaln in-Oct- ober - f . PniiP fWtA TTftfpt at 'San Prancisco to cbhWleiters and newspapers fforrf ;the of;-- ; fice to every noor,aDove.4 yu ,wui let- ufTfrr-ih-ft recention . of These will be Wgiown ro ino omcu, ',in k ters. ! ' :,t t V,'. through' the pneumatic tube: f; 7 i IN REPLY 10 an luviwuuu w "-- uhas Garahaldi Centennial Cdcbratfbtf Gen. sent an nutographletrln :whiche eaysr "I will certainly make every; possible cnort 1 t . 'tAwt fit Pnimtfvi)articiDiite in the mag- celebration which is to bo held in - shred "There can bo; little doubt: that shcr; ' was biiriedtali ve' and, must ;ha vo buffered uB6W agohieslBoston' Transcript. ; X-Danniway'a' letter, to tho, Womans Journal published Blay 8th, ehows progressing how the causoxf in Oregon, notwithstanding jhet opposition. Thank God for all help towards, the social, mental and religious elevation of .woman. " Mrs. Dunnivsy saysshe wishes . they luid more workers, I would if ay the same in behalf of CJtab. : 'omanis -- I BangkpkJ ' .... ; " , v . : 1 - i : . er . 'Ar--y-r-- A '. , - Urs ry -- 'iriiE'RbDYof a : Woman vhiphliadijeen buiied eighteen months in Westfield M wasrccentlr exhiimed. : On; opening ; thes f nrnpd over.' the hanug were stretched in the hair of , the . beaq and; . "New-Centu- - I PhiladelphiaIfdeepiy regreii am abletocomemyielf.,, , 0 f . ! ; ) ?J'h?'iMl lixi3i:iztzu 'Ki; (.., " , .?f .'lli fire has also seriously damaged the- railroad iorsOme:distaneer-- 4 burled with ;ttiem.??;.'U i Z U Tun posxoN Pilot and some other papers rways Corresponds which are anxious to. herald .forth their con- "lor that a physcian"in!tthatcity who says an tempt for women have -published extractig swas attending 'a sick musician during confrom the speech of Mr.- Leatham valescence suggested to r. the flatter that It Huddersfield, in whichLhe makes the asserwould be agreeable to hear. aJittlo. music tion the Queen has been dragged into ;the, during, his visits TheL musiciaryell Jn with 7 woman quest ion; and explains she jruied i the suggestion and -- frequently regaled the by the : advice ; oL her aKiniaters; and ho.: doctor with the cohcOrd of sweet bounds. thanks God they are men not : women ouvoi Time sped rapldly away and Mhday ar record h rived for presentution of that little; 'bill for r ' at Pompeii. It was scratched'oii the siucco rv medical attendance wji iclv mounted to : about $100. The bill was presented, but the of a kitchen wall, and has been thus trans-- ; laieu Xiigaieu ine uru, cuuivuu uia iuuuis, physician was surprised and disgusted by the and swept his house for, him' 280001 Ume, presentation of the following'counter chargand h e re fuses to , tak e . ine to the es, which ho was ultimately compelled to aljclrcus' r ' low: For playing "Oft in the Stilly nightV Beneath' th is I n a 'd I (Teren tiinnd is written. six variations, $t0;f .SweW Home," three "Women are never satisfied.?! It variations, $5j Gerirlan.WaUzf one variaThe Siamese gentry csvill probably iave tion, $2 ; "Yankee Dood te',,, six variations, the privilege taken from them which allow $10; Last Boseof feummeisix varlations, ed them to pawn their wife and chlldrcni $10; solo, "Arkansas . aayelerix variainto slavery in payraents:of debts contractedi " " tions, $10; solo, six burfeque Taxations on Mrs. or Dean, by gambling "Pop Goes the Weasel,410p Swcet Alwile of the Kew Dr. Dean iof Slam present'Hornpipe," .50; len," .50; ed a petition praying for" the abrogation of this "New Country HdrnpIpeVO; "Fisher was favora. law, to the young, King-whi- ch Hornpipe,' .50. yJ6iot$59: bly received ,jlt;was signed by most of the In the business street, pf antinletpnsing Smid'd European ladies at village, not many miiesfrom hce, an obstiHeulett attorny aft law in Miss Alta nate horse stopped,' theother day, contrary Chicago, is remarkable for hersuccesslnUhe I to the driver's wishes 'anidespito sundry profession she is only 20 yrs. of 'ago and has1 his parl. The , desperate demonstration a practice worth $4,000 alyear; Shel delir-the long nainedid notTappear, erert the oration last year on:the occasion f f societyjwith" R barrel but a hackney-coac- h matiitb h?op Uni-r: 'of the: stone. turnerthe the laying f a of Aboard,: a butcher's Kboy 'clutching "piece I i1 versity of Wisconsin. She may: Justly be with5 a' tremendous whip, stable-keepa proud or "her ability arid influence; : 1It is arid three burly hostlers armedwith smaller anticipared 8he ill : visit California this i whlpsj;ave the poor Jariimal what;; JPaddy summer and lecture' in Ban, Francisco and; gave the drijnK1 tiut he wouldnH bridge an ' V i;'v Jar:;, Other pIace3.-;!--''V;:incbi rThen they ;twisted;hiil, lastehed - f , :( a string around one of his legs; put dirt 'in ; his mouthi stuck a stick;1 jna hls;;kr;; and a ' INTEIxiINGARA nurnerous ydwalkcpmriiltteej ; with thq A young married man at Rockland, Me.,, I .usual5 'oialcioasne iron.;' ; saving his mouth witli a; rope land; various became jealous of his'wifo at an ' entertain- t other "yaysof; diverting. Ihe 'attention of a;; ment, and told her. on reaching homo that told was without ; ayailThe Jean ' ho intended to commit suicide,' and balky horseall; : to go ahead. Ho accordingly procured a Jio charger was1 warranted to tand-an- d kick-.; arid " swung did stand a.Tast amountjof .pounding making duerpreparation,1 rope, himself- - ofr,'calcutating,"i however,5; that' hei : Ing arid jerking. At theend of, a half hour, would bo cut down'ih season t save his lifej prpfariityi andcrueltyyere below pararid was tho alarm the natter wore. aserlpuaspect, ;when; a; given,rand ;theneighbor3i . '- s- the, Jncas has applied , for permission to study Jqi the: degree of Doctor ot Laws and the. Peruvian Minister of Justice ha3 replied U.-Pi'B- t- I .curious A young lady of Cuzco the old capital of . iaYorably;:-i- f- - . 1 r.:i - s Mlor J and prayer qn account 7 pf the No. 1. 8ays:.i:-Thero:wa- ; were author. ized to commence business on the 17th Inst, r In various places in New England, and one iFivi: J bling nichel, besides other treasures that he is not disposed to reveal just yet - Tho Pa-- ; an old tra-- ; latka Herald ditiori among the Seminoles that Florida bad been inhabited by a ' civilized: cir sem -' civilized race; and Jthatth'ewerp mostly..-artisans, although great in. war and they had amassed great treasuresT which :were ai- .TEBRtniif bEsTBUCWE ""fires' have teen, 4 TT- --. 1 iT Y II r Tll-- . ir-- s has been suspended for publishing the Pope's recent address tottne uernianpugnma c 1 ! the Ios3 in Cincinnati,Ohio and in some parts ; ; of Penn. is enormous. ; The town of Oscco- la In' Penn. U said to be entirely::destroy-- j ed,; its inhabitants rendenl homeless' The ; :- : fJXJNE.l, 1875. raging'in the 'JEast within; the last few days, Nobody" thinks of' giving 'the cardinal ; less than $5 00 as a marriage lee.1;1 f - t ;r;'u- ; : ;i4SALT r ' t ? ' j the: rescue," but before a: Jiriife could bo found:to'cut him 'downi the :luck hastened to" way ; . near.' less Wight was blac& in ly dead. He is getting over the cbnsequen-- j cesyand think's it dosen't paytorunlk) much' risk for the pleasure of frightening, the-fac- his better half. c !A Vubnivk man ; h " e : i and several 9indian mciundsir upon his land,- one of which;:he found that it contain- recently opened,-aned! skeletons of meni some of which were nine f feet-i- length, and from their peculiar shaped faces he judged that they: must have belonged to.a Iraee beyond :the memory' of m'ari. - Ho also found ai rows9 of peculiar i - d -- n '- cbn-Btructi- tipped "with some m'etalresem on, through the crowd with :a pail fUil of s wII, ! which sheheld to ihe' mouth,i:orthe imuch abused creature, with; a lkIndly.;vBo after takiri,ja bitejbf ;thatme: honey?" llThe horse sniffed wpnderirigly, at the offal, and inrtho next mofrient was trotting down town at a. fearful rate. ' Only another infallible; means of starting a balky horse that's all. ? j ' j I j " t; .v-i- I , A - iiTTLE, American. lad who had; just commericed reading t he papers, asked his father If the1 word "Hon." prefixed to the name of a member of Congress meant "hon-est.- 'J ;;;.;; - J ) j j 