.v, -- WOMAN'S EXPONEKT. 20 -- f- - : er, Is about to "m'ake is debut, as advancement of science will hold its annual Hamlet, on a Xrohdoh stage.'. . . . '.There is .some appremeeting inf August,at Detroit, iiich'..'..vThu hension of, a;:!crisisatJAtiiens, .which , is attempt made to impeach tho President of .Mexico was a failure .The illustrations of feared miglit'resaitv in the ' abdication . 'of . Shakespeare, the King.lAt tho opening of ahall in for Cassell : which are t being prepared by Gustavo Dore, will bring him juonaon jateiy. dv tno itev. JUr. KDurcfinn: if is said' $50,000.:;The' annual 'examina 12,000 Persons were present.V....Composer the'United-States" of Naval! Offenbach has recovered, and will shorly Academy tion at Annapolis, Md; began June 10th... .;;Miss his work... ...The American residents of Berlin witliTOemhersofjiho' Diet,, and .Alice Singer; daugh ter v of tho sewing-machi- ne iritontor was married in - England to Professors of Berlin; University gave a grand "MrLa Grovo of Brooklyn, Tliursday;rJuno dinner recently. to; Carl Schurz.:.:.Xharles one is Be' Bemusat, trie eminent "French author li th, heraAdower rK million.. ;;..It is fully fi4fni rvf rrn Tiril Ka AantrlaA - tin.' f C and politician :isv dead...'.?.221,034 francs oh as the location 'for the "new -- mint. the were:realized by the salo of Millets paint- - s of Lake the and direct proximity Superior ingsjji Paris..... Portugal haV. emancipated communication with Gal.' and Nevada mines, her, slaveSvColemanlHunt's painting, the "ShadowOf Beath has been exhibited, being in i ti lavoiy also the S wahsean smol tr? -i- ngworks..;.St.;Louis has had a delugo of JnJManchester; and visited by 50,000 people 2 said is , of feet fell it 20 in water) ;1 rain, houses in tho of various jparts minutes; very deputation" Juno 2nd, he refused to city were rendered untenantableHTho Fresi fihediato between Sr;aih and! the insurgents . denVyisitedf the building and grounds for of Cuba...... A Jaw has been passed in Rome. the centennial exhibition at Philadelphia, condemning to a months! imprisonment for the 18th of June- - Great firo at Grand the. first, offense for blaspheming in' tho a loss of 0 $1 Rapids, Michigan, involving streets, either God, Christ, rthe Virgin or the Juno 19thi;.:..pepatyU. a- - Marshals Saints and six months for the second of-Allen and Blood of Texas, have been in-- x dieted and arrested for allowing McCartney " ; ' the' counterfeiter to escape. SPLLST EIIS, J - LOCAL. "Sudden deaths in and 'about this city, ivc marked the last two weeks; several caused by accidents, . A case of small-po- x in Ogden,, was recently reported, a conductor on the; frPrltailroad being the su fferer. li 1 i'iperpreeautionsfweret: taken-to-preyenfe- : -- -the spread, of the disease... Alta with its few citizens have arranged a grand celebra--tionior.;thefFpurth'prJ- . - or, A. L.Rosecrans, Dwy- - A.!Krady"and : ! re-su- me 1 alyi a procession, "displays, ; orations, lpoemsetc. ...,TJio Taulist Fathers Revs X W. . Elliot arrived here! Juneli6th and have opened their missioriln "this? city and OphiF7 ..v,New potatoes' grown .hero werojin market before the middle of fuhe ; . ,7:TheT foundation of the new Store is being laWJIonJVKelley,United-State- s Senator from .Oregon,. paid 'a, visit to this city, arriving hero - June lGiti.. Mrs. uatcs Comic Opera company filled a success-fu- i engagement 4ot, three nights at tho Co-operati- -- Theatre June nth, J8tb, and epidemic soro throat is raging in Coalville, in many cases proving fataI......The Old Deseret Bank building has been taken down and the' debris Js; being cleared prepara-tor- y t commencing the rie"w building:..;;, Montgomery Queen's Circus and Menagerie," P'roh JosephiVinIock,-- distinguished asgave afternoon arid eveningentertaihmerits tronomer, and director of the observatory at on Washington Square, June 21 and 22, 23, Cambridge, 3Iass died ery: suddenly June .of course they drew largo crowds arid have 11th... ...Hon. Thomas If. Selby probably takeu $10,009 profit..;.;Thero Is'- - of Sah Francisco, died in that cityr Wednesto be a Grand Celebration in the day. JunevlQth...TheEev. Horace James, lwemn ward Assembly Rooms July GthV once Secretary of Tho American and For- Ogden will celebrate tho Fourth of July on cigHDhristian iMissipn, died at vJBoylston, P? ,ro parade, part ; 3Iasa. i June 9th ..... .A rthurf Dyer, a If e w ?r H10;I Bride of this city havo been Journalist aged 20, shot himself June invited.. ..Classes have been organized for , ' aYork 0 th . , . .Mr. Motley, tho historian, has had teaching tho Spanish' langauge in this city. an rttackbof;; paralysis-iro- m which it is .....; ork on .the Seventh Ward' -Meeting feared her will never sufficient House i3progressing..-....ThSchool Sunday me regu i literary I abors . . . .v.AVm. B. Alli- examination at tho Sixteenth f Ward school-housBon, Senator from Iowa, has' been appointed Sunday morning Juno 20th, was very creditable topupils and teachers, and to tho ; . chairman;; of the convention to negotiate witlitho Smuxvin relation to the Black bupt,. Mr. ij. Emery An. itinerant muHills... ...Mrs. John. Wilcox died in San sician minus :one:lcg, is eiitertainingour Francisco Wednesday Jnne lGth, from the effects of chlorofonn, administered previous jvhich i ho moves around by : means f a to having a surgical operation performed. p J0th.An 50,-00- ? ? THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. : -j -- Ex-May- , " RICHARDS. rdKor. CURXELIA XI. .jaonSB, or . Buslncs JIanngcr. . Published in Salt Lake City, Utah. Tcrm3: One copy ors e year, $3.00; one copy six months, S1.00.- - Ten copies for the price of nine. Advertising rates; Each square, ten lines of nonpareil fpacc, one time, $2.00; pec month, $3.00. A liberal discount to - .. , ; . regular advertisers.:' Exponent Office, corner of South Temple, and First East streets, opposite Eag Gate. Bnf Iness hours ft cm 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Tuesdays and Saturdays. Address all business communications to semi-monthl- ; , I. GHjCEX ; y, ? : - o v. Fablishers .Woman's ExroNEsr.' :.. - Salt Lake City, Utah. , o, . " - u: . Commencement :at Swarthmore : Collet la., took place Juno 15th......A deputation of Udiesfrom Charlestown on Mayor Cobb of Boston District, waited June 18th,' re. questing him to enforce tho Sunday do3i ng drug stores, bake shops etc.f....Wm. Pamphlet in Mass., has already rcach ts edU man Ciarke and his daughter Lillian, have n Volume ;of trahslations'from Poets, called the Exotics"...... . Udamc Thiers at present occupies tho tion itvthd world of fashion: formerly hclV by tho Emnress EugenieV.;..Hon.. corrected vHctl slau, tc$ of Mass. tho foaaUr.a prorcrty rightsconcerning of (vives, niotlicrs -- . -- n. . . kWlkLt u Ju..t.....,The annual meeting of tho .o FrIr.n(U "PrOifrOi-SiVt- : i ii., . T- - vood, Chester County, ..Pa.-- Juno 10th, this meeh,Ij in vites to fellowship all who are in Vl gcoa oyer evil i"o Sorosis "'.""'i'11 sisters of New York have revived not to patronize thoso stores 'aid where women are shop .kept Ending all d'i ......Ihc American .Association fur (he , , final meet Eccnna week i A FOREIGN; v: .' ;' .Very heavy failures of business houses in London, are reported recently.. "... C.;.Great damage to property and loss of life by the flood of tho river Garonne in France. .....The London TimelT report a rebellion in Burmah A terrible earthquake at Circuita, S.' A. is said to have leveled" every wall in tho city, and buried at once 8,000 people... ..There is a current report that Garcia, who stole one of Murillo's pictures from the Seville Cathedral, has been shot.. ....The Levant Herald speaks of a very. deadly plaguo among the Montifkf Arabs spreading over considerable country... ...At Versailles, June, 2Gth, they celebrated the anniversary of the- - death of Gen. Hoche .The Irish and American- . riflemen have done somer fine shooting at Dollymount......Thc Grand' Lodge of Jiras- ons gave a banquet to the visitiug .inarks- -men, who were of tho masonic order In France a bill has been recently published regulating tho. newspaper prc33V..'...ChoIera in India is much 'irorio than usual this ear........ victor Hugo has realized . by his pen, during a celebrated literary ca reer, over $GOO,000....An illustrated life of Bismarck, ig about being published in Leif. zig......Tho people "of Greece are raisin" a moSu-.meprivate subscription; to erect in honor of Lord Byron..... 'Evelyn Bellcn, son of tho late well known'read- ; iifwl1! jhjrd manSrrrJgoocicty held its ) : . SALT LAKE CITY, JULY 1, 1875 A WOMAN'S THOUGHTS. . One of the greatest topics of discussion in this age, is the proper and appropriate ephero and position of woman; what she can do, and .ought to do, and is capable cf doing. What she is 'likely to become in .tliex future from - mixing in the society Of the opposite tex. AH these, and a jhousand i more ouestiorW arise cs rcman moves forward jjuiiuaiy in the. scale of advancement, and the world begins to. understand more ,of her capabilities for actual performance of work, which involves talentjenergynterprise and sidJI jn execution. : Colleges and Universities are .nowropen to women, the bar (the pulpit even) tho lecture hall, and many, other, occupations for these who have Che faculf y,the ability, and the toface opposition, to withstand ; a v criticism and defy ridicule; ! .Thatthere is'noW (and every broaderfield pi labor open to diywidcnii) woman, er cultivat on of her brain, a more just c ation or merits and attainment among he st d truest cf mankind, areaefs which have become visibly apparent. Anders e are.not menniugthat this higher "type-cvo manhood kwhatpleiseW the embodiment "womanlyomanwhich they hold forth rZ' . mor-aljxonra- - - 3 api.: f ..VnWMn,!wfe nt Jr ge, , . tncmseivcs mcjuuij And when Ley have -- jven woman" this . .' 