to another; and if we have not the language to express our feelings in words, as we would like, we nave "the privilege of writing on any subject which occupies our minds. I- believe wo have in our ward, young ladies with as good ideas and sentiments as there are in . any ward in the city, who are willing And'.anxious, to learn that which is intended to instruct and benefit them, but for want of j?rdper study and j a little practice, ; ha Yp; never expressed their feelings outwardly. - Some of. us have an idea ' that if we joln.this society, wo must retrench in pur dress. Xow I think there are many other things we can1 rctrench;,in beside dress? I will leave it to the young, ladies tb .a?k them-- " selves if they , can ;not ee joKlfor improve- -' went in our manners inr oureycsryylife, al- - Art rejoices amuse the little folks, who were never tired or sleepy, while they might be allowed this ex- - the en ergo tic mind requires exercise; and such works V aro : the reflections of its thoughts, its capibiiities, and its virtues. As storm following storm, and wavo succeeding wave, give additional hardness to tho shell that encloses the pearl, so do the storms and waves of life add force to charac- - u -- ; in our reading matter. Xict as many of us as have been in the habit of reading, novels, orSooks that "have a tendencytoleSh(ratacl: 10 uouut vue eiisieuco oi auuu, ui a BUji;uiu; .Being who rules the heavens and the earthy do away WHu me pracuce, ana reaa insieau, books that lead tha mindViri a "higher channel, and f then we will know more of the' nature 'and be- -. intr nf thft Ood rfi worehin. And our back-- 5 wardness, and all suck obstacles in the way of advancement would be overcome tq a great ex-tent We would then be able to converse more freely on subjects which at present we know very little about.. My constant prayer Is that we may live lives of Saints and be worthy of a name and standing in tne cnurcn or unnsc ' .. a. m. sans "so : : . .., , ; I .: : -- A LITTLE CHAT ABOUT CHRISTMAS.' T , , old-fashion- ed I)6 . letjt jannoy you, I .bright face,.and ameray when onco you come to tne spring, muy nsu X"""up and meet; you, jV;r 1 Virtue bas th)s; happihesi that she 6an snTwist on herself. And knows how to ex ist without admirers, partizans, and protoc- assisiancu uuu uppiuuaiiuu tors, wantOi IiaW Tint l TirAt:ArvA. nAf' amIm' rtf ;. 'bp fli$i Xolli ynd yourearlUj .will be happy id imparting happiness to others. Many, very many are the pleasant picturesqf to us as we j the past which present themseyes v look backj and a; happychiidhood )s 6ne of j the fond recollections ever associated through .life with feelings of tenderness and gratitude. if There is something about home, that touches the stoutest heart, Mhe; most hardened reproj ' ' bate. And those" who iave a pleasant .home, j kind parents, loving friends and 'plentyfr .should j for al 1 these preciou s j never forget to thank-Go" gifts of His goodness. How often in the years .i to come, will these sweet reminders of hap- - ( py child hood, flashesof - vivid recollection v t bring to us glad thoughts and for1 the moment uWe' may, almost feel, again the brightness of ?J hegiorious past.; God is pleased with us when we appreciato 'our blessings, "we ;; should "never j forget now tenaeny no cares, jor u?, aa ujaor V all the precious blessings of our lives are dis- - j '7pensed fromHfs bounty, love tQ 8ee;happyTchildren, ?IIoveto sce nappy Wen arid womeni happy in doing right.: . And that we may, ;all of us," not only liave a ?. merry but a happy Cbr : J. 1;. ',Aunt Eir. i '.r.lf''t.i,,tt' ; 1375. 9th , . : ;S. L; City, Beq; , i , . , ! -: J Never fair? sky, every it in every fair fHeo, every fair flower, and thank Him for it, the fountain of loveliness, and drink it fin, simply and earnestly, with; your eyes. ;:It is a charmed draught, a cup of blessing. ag ic Jd e al. T h 6t poo t. can no - if he fT more writo without haying suffered and thought, than the; bird can fly in an exhaustHo must learn the chords of ed the everlasting harp, before he can draw sweet music from it. But ho cannot play cannot writo when while he-i- learriing-rh-o he is suffering ho cannot, sing when his heart is bleedings jlf he attempts it. ho will utter but incoherent sobs. He must , wait till that suflering. has passed into .memory. There it will worlr, fpttifyingr the soul with its ; examples, not , tearing it with, thorn?. Ho must wait until memory, has becomo Spiritualized, byy losing , every portion Tof the sensuous :pain before ho; can transmute it into poetry. : nh i ; ; air-pum- p. s I -- ! . - FLOWERS. policy of a good; old father to It is thochildren feel that home is the hai the beauty of id?as dhtinct; is 11 lose an opportunity, of seeing anything that is beautiful. Beauty is God's -handwriting, a.' wayside sacrament; welcomo l ' r Poetry ofJVf purifleaandjreriderhe -- ; 1 H- a 1 - . ;youf gifts are riot 'jr::1 ( Sgnt pains arid applieationIt is troublesome. a and like deep digging tor -- pure , waiuia, uut - sWeetileand Chmas- - richer costlyt hateja , from the beauty of things. ; ma'ko his : -wo value, piest placo.in the. 1world; . and, as one of the this delicious Conversation enriches the understand liomo-feellng- choicest gifts a parent can bestow; ing, but solitude is the school of genius, Modesty is to merit as shades to figures A canary bird, belonging to Mrs. Jonaitt a picture, giving It strength and beaiityi than J.' Hill, of Nbrthwood, recently escapedT from its cage, ami flew out of doors. AtTalent, like1 "beauty;' ;i to nbo' admfred, were made immediately to rccap- - must be :unQstentKtioui ,. 4' L:: tempts r' ' .... ; rliK V turo : but itTflew out Tof sight, and was itp t ! ', He is happiestrbo' he king or pea3an finnllv civen Un as lost. About three days t ; thome. iri . find3 his who t peace house cat brought the.bird in, and j x4ftcr,thd laid it?at the feetr of ats mistress, saie ana P Gooi) ,lc mperii 1 ike a suri riy 'day sh ed ' sound. ' r:!:r.t l ; 'iling brightness pn'eyery thing. :ly ait the amusements that Let no : one overload you with favors; V BE4DixG.-nb- ; r insuflerable burden. an you yiH find it cap iK)ssibly bo, Imagined' for a working man, after dally, toils, or in tho; intervals, ; Most of tho shadows that cross our path there is jioth'iDg like reading a newspaper through life are caused i by standing in our : or'a booV .If calls for no bodily exertion, of which, already he has had enough, per, ' HAp'riNESs ris ;often at our 'side, and we too".. much. It' reHovcsj his homo of haps' ' Misfortune ii a fir off and. wo !i:pas3 her by. dullness, arid sameness. Na, "it accompa- her." rush to racet . nics'hlnito his next day's work, and gives ii . wo think, be-- , him something to think of besides the meSincerity j3 speaking as as chanical drudgery of his every day occupawe profes3, nlieving as wo pretcndi acting tion; something he can enjoy while absent, performing as we promise,' an( being as we and look' forward (o with much pleasure. appear 10 do, ; . - ; i - ' . . ! ; -- : ;;- ? ; , . ; I t - , : it-yo- fhomthisnsnsratenot it and lino dressing aro things very different; but if men giyo alms for the same reasons j that others , dress, fine, only to bo seen and bo admired, charity is then, but like the vanity of fine clothes. .Z TCKnwVDaE will not be acquired With- - f old-fashion- ed "'s", Charity ! ! warm-hearte- ; j what ailed us,' a'ud we could not choke down the sobs of anguish that rose up and uluiost -know , ;stifled usi But ray kind readers where there is sorrowrorpoyertjror lohlinesst if you know of a widow or iittloiorpjians; re-- f member them on thisoming;ChrIsjmo and . God will remember you, and bless you, and it dear Savior's words to ?' will, be fulfiling the :J-of- blossoms of the lily of the val- tiny white-pin- k ley. The house resounds with merry laughter and shouts of glee and from garret to cellar, in every nook and corner the little children hide and cluster, as they romp and frolic j in their wild delight; playing atT . "blindman's buff," "hide and seek,1.' and those games which seemea so particularly aaapiea to the cultivation of . physical development and animal spirits. Presents, neither costly or elegant, perhaps, but precious i rideed from .the associations of friendship and affection, and ap"enthusiasm. I d preciated with all can iee, O so- plainly the window-pane- s crystalized over, and remember how I used to associmagine cities, palaces, and castle?, and iate them with fairy tales; and outside the snow broken lay so deep the roads must needs be Yoke of r4tii uit lipArv mariv v ' v slpd and evflrso nivu cattle and then .the, merry? bells would Jingle all daylong as the 'sleighs flew pastl; ,1, will not tell you of . the delicious plum puddings and roasted turkeys, far you will soon have. them in rcalitv. nor the full stockings we found by our - little beds in the, cold, frosty mornings, but I - will tell . you ; of' the: bright sunshine in our childhood. liria' nf thA frladness of the haonv of the greetings of dear friends,- cousins, and all the long lkt of relatives gathered around the hearthstone at night, by the; blazing1 fire songs of pine knots,' and ringing : wonderful talc3: to ' please aqd and telling ' I : -- L brIghtioutside,iahdi nature sparkling in her richest robes of jeweled splendor, the tears fell and' hlindedi us:ifrom! seeing rit; when the little ones looked in our faces and wondered 7X down to infancy. In f ail jthea "living rooms" the walls and Pictures are . ornamented with - the evergreens, pines and hemlock j boughs with which New England abounds the scarlet berries in thick clusters upon the vines and the " ( : t thinlcfnir about Christmas, in mv. mind's eye I conjuT;eTip a fanciful picture of the past. I wonder whether any of our kind readers would like to know how we spent Christmas in the ''long ago,", I can see before me an old rambling. brown country house and it is running oyeri full of little children, all aes At of a Christmas when there were na presents, no sunshine in the hcarti when all was so chil- lingly lonely, that : even, though the day was : -- ' If it were not Coo sorrowful, I. could tell you in her own labours, becauso , - ; J . . 5 . ; . . . . - : 