or fret or in any wise find Jife burdensome. jLlft them up. Comfort a ad encourage wherever you can, and especially in your own home ' .circle. , Husban ds, ,ijeer yourwives. Make them. ? feel that you appreciate their efforts to make a . for you and your children, though i the v worlds knows nothing of them. v Wives, never offer other than sweet words of love, and bright, sunny smiles to'the men you have cho-- ; sen as' compaQionSi i. Parents', ! be patient and j with the children God b your care. r Never miss an opportiP j nity of teaching a child a truth: and the value of it,' no matter how small,4 for all truths are 2 important. Lead the children in the straight 1 and ?fiarrow5 wayjmemberlri i!f:fi W? lLad; yW.mustprecltheih:--?- ? t P the spread , of'tril th7 wiir wickedness be . . home-heave- n ' long-sufferin- hasien-trustedt- g? :inrr:Thereffi .you, thus increasing light and 'beauty around ""i w wei as your own store. 1)7 . C , AN pTHQltf S MIND. V involuntarily; memory, imagination, zeal, perceptions or men and things, a crowd of inter--' .nal imagery, and we write to be quit of them-aunot let the crowd 'increase. ... And now let us elucidate our own, such as it, is, richer or poorer, better or worse, "a medley of crudities," a power tp he exerted, which opportunity hath h,ot yet matured; sometimes it is well to go dis- -gufeed to address theu j udgmejltJblM$4iw.oV: unsanctioned by name; .only of one thing bp sure, we desire to keep involate, as much when .masked asT; when avowed the laws of truth, charity, sincerity and honor, to I exert at all times an influence for giod, to maintain a strict adherence to of the Everlasting 1 Gospel.;.!;--M'J: ; ;jr;4l tiV To cultivate, as highly- las possible, the raw material j furnished by the ' heart's own. fountain;; to select all the most precious and beauti ful metals which are combined in C mine of the f iiumahWulandTlor separn Iq them from the base alloy;' to cull from greener of the freshest buds rarest garden thoughts, and nDioss9nw;ffpear then, with 'il desultory illustration of a mpmentpus subjeU;, and mercifully spare pur individual tender conscience I vttriiterary censure -Be not offended when we tell you, that we r pray to be preserved from gossip, from scandal, from the love of praise; .that. whose wit and ndl w)nspeak genius and graphic! po wers el W smootH the trough ,th lieart of mortajtho brilliant, the clever, ,whp 'overflow w(th j mental rafiluence And now, dear friends, be 'assured, we have shown you, our .honest mind,-- perchance you may .ihInkVealrUy;eno disposed of our but' recollect s, our subject, lyou, or cour;af e riot; I teously consider andreely fbririve for mutual hlike'ness; and If Vogether our track lie, along th "great high road,, remember, good , critics, ".'"there is room and all after a little perhaps," your patience may; find ' ii better; much' to Wy and; well witting how-t- o say (t, t may happen at: amplify d , -- 5 When one sits down to write an ?articlet so many subjects crowd upon the mind, and clusters of ideas amalgamate themselves, together, ; t -- that to se Derate them inforlfstinnf fit nri tt each set of items their proper place, and care-- ' ful thought before putting them upon paper, is an undertaking which hone realize, save those - : whose mind3 are fruitful in spontaneous production, and have not been subjected to? n lematic training, ' v;Ji'st When the spirit of inspiration is upon us wb may have wisdom tor cull tbV choicest fragments of our thoughts and frame them; fitly together, so as to produce perfect harmony of language and hleas,; but there always seems so much to write about that thisj cullin g,1 fi ttimr ' diniculfi and systematizing is i Watts gave many, useful lessons in reference to this subject, in his work titieJ yVatts pii hi!! . rlly . J the.Mind,'Jut wo 'someUm in a;vdiiffereni;;day. and a slower age;'Jh" this generation every talngfrushes headlong, and . - 1 m self-concit,ro- 4 palit.an -- : 1 fellbw-labor-er- ike-minde- tl,' like-fitte- d' pub-Jis- half-writte- half-mad- e - J t e, - ' - 0 A. June '8th, 14 perior accomplishment. It is extremely pain- - , ful to listen to a fact, or an anecdote, from one who is unable to convey the true meaning, without a multiplicity of words and phrases not always fitly-- chpsenj whiqh have no, real bearing upon the subject In question. v i r ; ;: These are .omc ; lof an authar's'troiibles; thoughts which come crowding up in throngs, harassing tho brain; and struggling for a definite exUteek:13Ve are infected, and wo know it, but tell us, is it not verily true, that a theme is onen carried out beyond, or Ibeside, or even against its original purpose? We think there are good critics, who will testify with us, that the title page, the preface, is often a vision of ' ' 'i ' iuiuiu uuiuiniieu. ' Jlowever, we were' trcatlng of an author's miud, which Resembles not au: empty tj buta bum stored to burfcliug;, it is a painful pressure constraining to write, perhaps " ;' 1875. e, ' B. B. - . -- : . ;. --- tend-men- - or this most delightfully pleasant month. Sunday Schools, Literary Societies, :Good Templars, Mnsnn. nnd various 'diflerent clubs, institu tions, etc., and private pariles,all seem desirous to improve the halcyon time. Among the inost favored resorts are Lake Point, Lake side, Parr's Grove; Spring Lake and Liridsey's Gar- HOAIE AFPAIBa ;: MoNxaoMEKt Circus and srenage-ji- e Queer's are expected In this city soon, and have an- nounced their appearance June '21, 22 ".and.' 2l They are on' their way East,4 from Califofnia, i JtlOK.I lHv.ru: PaddlesCord, of Bhode Island, with a party of ladies and gentlemen from Providence,' called upon President Young recently, while on a visit to our city; GovvAxtel accpmpaiiied them; the party also visited the Theatre in the evening ex-Gover- nor ilEs. James A; Oates-Vwlt- h hercomic opera troupe, commences this evening, June 15th, a 6ort eories pf popular ptertainments in the Salt Lake Theatre. Slip ranks fhigbly among artists of her type, aud wiU na doubt JUc ttior pUghly appreciated, as our; citizens seem to loscss a rare taste for highly flnWied aetln : T dens."" ; .;;. v"": ';."f.'r y. --- A fraqrant and beautiful bunch of flowers from the "Glendale Gardens," was placed upon our table a few days since. ; Where bnco the sa , gre In lonely Bolitude Mockingr the wlndi that shook iuirray and shaggy coat, The florbfi care has loveliest rarlanda fitrew'd, And softest, s tree test perfumes, summer. zephyrs Coat. -- fire-bu- sh are indebted to Mrsk JVm. WagstalT for the kind favor of the beautiful bouquet - : VVe Tim EXAMtNATroN of six young ladies who have been for three years engaged ras ? pupil teachers at St Marks School," took place Saturday, May 20th; Bishop Tuttle, Professor Turner and Miss Cole conducted the examination, which reflected great credit on the institution, and also upon the young; ladles tbernseh'e3, as their success proves them to have been energetic and industrious; The young ladies are, Misses Ine? Earl; Ellen Huey, Mary and Katie Ferguson; Agnes Iiyhch and Hannah Dawson; they.aro now prepared to fill, the .position ef ' V teachers, by, practice and Iheory. ; V - j- ex-- put-dol!iPx.EASURE Parties Ijuriiolw'seeniAio'" be utho order Of the day? in 44 and artless a; fashion aseretofore we would ti our confes&Ions pur humbleness; not forn getting the scraps of .imrer covered with thoughts, pbWerful gusts of feeling, "a J f ,i progeny." us Iiet hasten to W; practical; meanwhile a brighter prospect glows In the distance, ' for those who are earnest' aiid devoted In the1 good Work of refreshing mankin'd, adyahclng knowi-edgconEOlin sorrow; blessing humanity; for all uch; there Is certafn; success, a rich recom-pens' a glorious reward. a text, and launch fcrth amidst an ocean of ideas, a sea of words; and the space is so broad, that unconsciously they drift about, and lose ii iv; .. sight of the starting point. ; To tell a great deal in a few words,and in choice language accurately, is a very desirable n acauirement. and should be reMrdefl wn q recovered. The Saints have great reason to be thankful that the Lord has seen fit to spare to them, this great, good arid useful man. Of imd;rfectVtiaiaV& oerthesecrd our ideas seem to follow the same lead instead of clear, distinct .and definite steadfastness to pur subject.we grasp a heterogeneous mass.and try to express more than our space or time will admit of; the same fact is apparent in regard well-know- the-principl- es Kt-fV- 1 Mr. E. W. Tullidgejeft this city Wednesday evening, June 9th, for the East to make ar--' rarfgements for the publication of his new historical work, to be entitled "The: Founders of rjtah.w It is ahticlpated, judging from his n literary ability,' that this work is accurately and attractively written. We are most ' happy to announca that the -- health of President George A. Smith is steadily, and gradually improving; he is now able to ride out occasionally, and all things being propi- - travelers and pleasure-seeker- s now a'days, give Salt Lake a call on their way, Tourists, and manifest considerable Interest a well as curiosity in our city and its institutions; the hotels are fast filling up, and they are still coming. The prospect is, we shall become .better understood by people of cultivation and refinement Among the recent arrivals are two sisters of the Order of the Holy Cross, Mother, Mary Augusta and Sister. Raymond; they are from St Mary's, South Bend, Indiana, and are at present the guests of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Marshall. Their design is to establish a school in this city, under the auspices of their church. ; ladies and gentlemen, interested in the subject of sericulture, met per appointment in the City Hall, for the purpose of arranging matters loestaDusn a society to, promote the manufacture of silk, Jhjfs various stages of, production.' A. . M. Mufifter was chosen Chairman, and Mary Carter, of Kountifui, Srcretarv the meeting. . Persons who were present relat-ff ed their experience, with regard to tho subject before the meeting, and made some statements-encouraginto those upon this branch of Home Industry. entering .Miss E. It Snow. Mrs. ILI. Home and Mrs.E.8. Barney were chosen as a committee to obtain tneanta procure machinery and si forth, necessary taorward this laudable undertaking. believed by thoo It isclll best aiVinainfArl mritU "anuiaciure, that this climate is well adapted to the iy resources for its productioir. in rome for- eigu countries it isa sour nfim and with patience, energy and peireverance niay cYePtuay.ccomc a success in Utah. - li . ? g ; ,ti.. . 