CG 7 . THE WOMAN'S: EXPOMNT. ; v-;:- .oirN- 's ex p o n e k t i -, . the practice' of whipping,"or tbreatenin to whip, for every childish oflense, that wi ether the occasion is one which justifies' such terrf reproof or no t, is scarcely thought of. r "AH wise government begins with self-g-o To deal with children .always in a wise and just manner would be xi great tLing. A vast amount of forbearance and fortitude is mmisite, and too much thought and attention cannot be exercised in the management of children. To discern correctly and Ican not to either extreme is the grand point to bo gained. There is, however, one sure rule which parenTs may be Safely at case in following: To watch and imitate the course pursued by the Eternal Father toward His children upon this earth, will enable mortal 'parents tor 'xfsrm- -. everyuty wisely toward their little ones. v ' I. GREEXE KICUABDS. Editor. C'ORSTXlJi U. HORSE, Easiness Manager. in Salt Lake City, Utah. Tern r; .One copy one year, 2.00; one copy six months, Sl.o. Ten copies for the. price of nine. Adrerticlng rair: Each square, ten lines of nonpareil fpace, one Up f2.00; per month, f 3.00, : A liberal ditcoant to .V.r adrcrtisers. ') '. 'A - y 1 Kxpcnent Office, corner of South Temple, and First East streets, opposite Eagle Gate. Business hours from 0 ' a.m. to 5 p.m. on Tuesdays and Saturdajs. j Address all basiness communications to ;' V.f'''iZI Tu ishcd i semi-monthl- y, r, -- - , Extcsjex t, ' Salt Lake City, Utah. - L"raMtehCTtVoMs ' .'- - SALT LAKE CITY. AUGUST 1, - - A PE A FOR .THE LITTLE 1875, FOLKS, fy. The varied duties of a parent are too uumcr- - , .uumib oi ciaooration "hu'u,v Rut of one wrong (or one course of action which seems wrong to the writer) it may nut, w iiuuss io oner a rew suggestions. here. " nu To beat a horse 'OrcFor-n- w vntUf VI U "- 1J till Ol mat. for any slight mishMinvtnr cruelty in the eyes of humane person Yet m me iuuo uenigs image of their luiiiussjy suojected to such treatment, often upon very small The question arises, do parents and guardians li4U iujwrtance Wlalch should be to such kind of For one man to strike another is a and the man who would strike apenal woman 13 justly deemed "cowardly brute." r t- 11.1 I- .,;.ii -- v,, nm? of-fen- se; But to strike a child is a thin o nf Upon what consideration is it thatvuii&uquence. the fch of u.ixiuresacrea from acts of violence than that of thi tnru, . i-r- r--- should tbcro bo t- a pcripd.bctn lhengc3 0r uu nuni iweive to fittcn vearq , whi, according to the notions ofJi "!?U?e? world, physical forca mmt phyBicalninflicteto w i. 7"'.uu ' "d 10 recolTe an lateutional ,DSDlUDe t0 i.. . ... t Woman Ii rwvl wint AO ' mood or ,v ll( lt,ss lQ Cltner lQ rh0'v Sliced the pitiful, embryo broken- -- hearted expression upon a child's facV when, for the lirst time, it puiposcly; hurt and tries to understand for ... What., i'tn l. t v uuuw mat us eenslti arc l an " aault V should they not7 receive as kind I is generally understood children thaUome get more whippingsamong thari cause they are not so rood. rnf n others . . . u in uu y. cases it would be just ami- .v.wuaviu MrnT-rrr-z17s-7- T iu reverse iiiei ru c, ami lhat sorao nQt b u, a .. , . otlirrs. lrnc-b i ,m w,. mniMi - more. wiiippea re kUo spares Ibe the chiM,.. , a prove.b of a jl r great and ... 4,ouue wnici) aaraits of qualification. Instances may occur wherein to punish a c u d is really almost unavoidable; eential, I'tit indtcd, Mich cjscsshouUlMr .. I where an ol rthnity to appeal to tho moral mstineb, to ,ucitc a conscientiousness and love of du y, instead of compelling sullen submis-uo- n, is presented, It should never bo vr miunUrprelcd. Yet ,o common neglected h;n become . V.. ..... Uus.uie iDs.-i- ;...0, - - We have received interesting commuuitia- tions in regard to tho nro?rPS3 and imnmro. ment of their Relief and Itetrenchment Soeiei ties, from Cedar Fort, Spring City and Gunnison, which ara unavoidably crowded out of this issue, but willappear in our uext, August mhi also an essay on Obedience. - 'i ; A two days meetinsr at Provo conimenr-Pf- l aturday-Jul- y 31st. , Members, of the First x i tsmeucy ana some of t he quorum of. the Twelve in attendance. Ii all, these meetings which have been and are ibeiner held tlirnnTi. out the difiercnt settlements the Snirit of 'ond scorns to be poured out upon the people ih a very powerful and. forcible manner; and an earnest work of reformation has apparently -- either of boys or girls or auu uuui iuiegniy, is to luliill a uoJy mission, to , accomplish a noble' life's work. And to ensure success in thi3 enterprise, every couple who engage therein should make of it a 'vvw , imaicvcr uiiiy ue uieiroiner callings - commenced. Elder C. ? I ? " j G. Larseu arrived"in " , 5 f?!ar;i i ; of-livi- ng . 'r'i'-. ':":;. v:-:- AVE would again call the attention of the public to the opening of the Normal Institute," Monday, August 2nd. Thei vefjr best professional talent this city affords has been.obtained teachers! will certainly derive great ad vantages troni attend irigvSuptr RfggaridPrpnPa .; , The ANNivERSARY of the arrival of the neer to pio- this Territory h?, been celcbratttl in opportunity:1 for' imiovemerit, 'in the .metipis ano practice of importing instruction Go verk oil Sv B. Axtell left this city iThurs-dafor: his ! new Held of morning, July 22nd, ' labor in New- Mexico. Ho was accompan ied to Ogden by surprise party whoj1 met him at the depoUrrHhis city for that purpose; a speyj - . cial car was furnished by SuperinVerident Sharp. After arriving in Ogden, the Governor made a few remarks .to his : young friends appreciative of the compliment ' they paid him ; referred with much feeling, characteristic of his goodness of heart, to his administration in Utah said he had desired to be just to; all, without favoritism, lie carries with him to his new -- home the bcstlshes of this entirepeopleand 'Will 1 ways J. retain. kindly place in 'tlieir. a . ' , '!",;, memories. j , ' ' Railway j Company; run ; daily trains,' for passengers and freight; lr thfrwntiueuthisEeason.retnnBelknap ta-geo- us '''trtAiiv-WESTEB- Saturday ANDuniiav. Julv nthn ana party on their tour of inspection of milita ry posts, arrived here Monday the 20th: the party consisted, besides Secretary Belknap, of . ucnerai btrong, 11. B. Marcy and J. C. t orsyuie. Jir. WcCormick, Uelejrate to ( Jn. gress from ArizonaVwith his wife and daughter visited this city recently. Hi3 Wle daughter of Senator Thurrnan of Ohio, who has been prominently mentioned in connection with the Democratic nomination for the next President of the United .States. ; - . " every facility has; been ofMed lor tnose wim wish to attend froni tho;uiitry.-fTshould avail themsel res of this rtost ad van - ruJ re-bapti- zed Thr gchool , morning, July 23rd. The company numbered 761 persons, and were in excellent ornminr. but two deaths had occurred upon the road! Elder C. G. Larsen i3 a resident of and has been for two years past President of ine Scandinavian mission. He was accompa-nie- d by several other returning missionaries-- , one Elder John Frantzen. also of Rn,inW who has been acting as accountant in ti, dinavian Star Office. a two days meeting was held at Farmington Grove, the attendance beincr vrrv from all the settlemants in the count v. ' Q. Cannon, Wilford Woodruff and John Tav- ,UI w lue quorum oi tne Twelve, and some others from this city took part in th sprvf After the meeting on Sunday was over, twen- ievenoi me leading elders of the county including the Bishops and their were by Elder Geonre o n and confirmed under the hands of V.M Tai. and Wilford Woodruff. Taylor Tins city is fast becoming a favorite rrnrf for travelers, andyery many distinguished peo- pio iae cauea ai tsait Jake on their wavarrncV pracjtice; . charge of the Scandinavian emigrants, Friday . -- who have ' had securing tli iserylc the most superior ucatiorial adntag HOME AFFAIItS. To rear, a family, - - many of the country places, as a joyful event. From Brigham City there is a most pleasing report of i the occurrence; alsoimillmdre and Spanish Fork., , prosperi ty and success have crowned the efforts of this people, until 1'the desert literally f blossoms as the rose and Water gush forth from the springs parched edrtM Trulyl Ought this people to lift vtheir hearts and voices in gratitude Jand praise to Him who has heaped upon theni the rich blessings of earth arid heaven " 57 i '" v be- -: tween Salt Lake City and Half-wa-y House, leaving Salt Lake City at 7 a.: m. arriving at Half-wa-y House at 9.20 a.1 m.; leave there at 10 a. m.; reach Salt Lake City at l2 noon. On . "Wednesdays and Sundays a special train leaves Salt Lalse City at 1 p. ni;, and connects with the Steamer, Gerf.jGfarfield; rijpon whichVplea-sur- e seekers, pleasure; parties, excursionists, 'or those who, for heal th or recreation, desire' a little change, of air or scene, can make a short trip upon the Lake and return with tne' even-in- g train, arriving in the city at 8 p. m. Tickets by eithar train, including steamboat fare, $1.50. The regular morning train connects with stages for Ophir, Stockton and Dry Canon. ;. , . A Ladies' Enterprize. Wq have been requested to call the attention of women, and especially mothers, to the Ladies' Library and Reading Rooms. This institution has been established about three years, and has been an efficient method of doing good in a way. It is supported by entertainments quiet given by Tadfes, such as 'm5nUctUTcsMuirdlr free and open to all... The collection cf books is particularly well chosen, and strict attention has been gi ven to the selection of papers, magazines, periodicals and current literature, with which the library is well For the benefit of foreigners unable supplied. to read English, of whom there are many, in the city, there are Irench, German and Scandinavian paper. The ladies who conduct the library having families themselves, have spared no pains in furnishing it with , books, magazinespapers, : etc., suitable for Children and young people. Tho library h located oiio block south 'of the ' -- " 