WOM A N S EX PON E N T. 131 7 hold their meetings ' together ; I like this h spiritual feast received this afternoon, able size and producing abundance of green- yellow bloom, from its branchipg, tree idea; it helps them to overcome a great deal After making some good remarks in refer of embarrassment, and those who attend ence to health and its laws, she concluded like top.Another unnamed variety' opens a the meetings most regularly will make the with saying that God had. called Israel from f profusion of bloonvcach day at precisely the Desi men ana women, 'rue young iauies naye we .cast, west, JNortn and Bourn and estab-- 1 or oi iweive. me uereas JSngeimanii, a tHe w Is made resolutions not to associate with any lished His kingdom neyer more to bo thrown he vareity, most charming among of the : young men who drink, smoke, tc. down. .'; The . Pioneers of the church are of blooming cactus and tho Echinocactus' The young men are !also 'getting up, resolu- - passing awayaiid the rising generation are Johnsonii ls;A bristling, new strange, and v t sort. tions. I see the , result, it 13 to purify and to improve themselves thatthermay be far- ni r i lhero-is.ni :. tner for Willi r And to them. exalt stand know better still, Oenothera i they.: . r ... . . - advanced; ' who to choose as husbands and wives. las-- the kingdom of God; , 5 sure you; my young sisters, that this great ?ti Bister ioary ireezepore a faithful testimo- - yellow and' white, their,- - bloom daily ''(or r work cannot be accomplished without wo- - ny, after which Sister Irney made, appro- - nightly) appears for weeks; th6f flowers ' men! and it is for-n- s to bo up and doing, priate remarks oh the duties of mothers, and openincr with a whiff and a crash" instants Do not indulge' in any gross language or concluded with. saying that this is the wind- - neouslyjust after sunset; a most remarkable ; manners or any vulgarity before your ng up scone and it will not be long.' before plant, yielding '.much amusement for the curious watcher; The dwarfs aro ";new children; the rising generation is to bear off the 'diyiding.Une.wili be.dra?n, this kinomand Jhe ung men are to varieties, Oenothera Johnsonii Parry.' entitled same; "PrideV?hiwasfbllo"wed z?? pillars Itfthe , ?I am ankfuF that the essay current has turned heavenward that they by testimonies from a number of the breth- - r; : lthof Catalpa.. . may bo saviors on HouhiZion: The time is ren present, that they felt to endorse alt that iMW-JwytoptTasV approaching" when angel3 willvisit the the sisters had said. ;'i4iJr-'- Bhrubbry tree;15 to 20; foot high, loaded .," ..eahi?yes,Hhe'timeasf aear'afid whdrshairi)e ftMOBtlDg adjourned for two weeks.i Sing- - wun pe : prepared? It will bo these young people inS "We thank Thee O God for a Prophet," foliageJong and-- narrow, branches long andv. who are stepping forward and are willing to j3enediction.by Bro; WmVom slender, an having the appearance of a handsome willowl weepinsr with a load of.. serve God and keep His commandments. M. H; PAUL, Secretary. pod. size' of a gopso showy blossomsT-se- ed Again I say God bless you my sisters." lbng x v ; . i ,T;;i . quill, ahd a t Sister Zina D; Young said : "The subject WILD AND FLOWERS I i NATIVE CALOCIIORTUS JFLEXU03US. oi prayeras something for us to reflect upon. r ; . PLANTS. wnen one i prays, if each one of us would A'ninsf. IavaIv. wjiT-liki tilinfih.mad tlN , ... . I rr". repeat in our hearts the words that are spoken ana men say amen. It has. a power which is rich, beyond the conception of those who Inches high. '' reachqs.within the vail. . Jesus came to this over and the rallies hills the pass through wona, and gave us each the privilege of and mountains unobserving and carelessly. wearing a crown; how. beautiful to think of! A beautiful evergreen, a shrub 4 to 8 feet JLhe. treasure is pnceles. It is the privilege high; bright yellow bloom In June, emitting 1 A resembling Iodine, FomAtftA. mn',r v i.l j j I and each bringing its own peculiar interest. a powerful perfume liage glossy and fernlike- - A yery; noticeaarid see these grand mountains and peaceful name a iew in preierence 10 tne scores ble and desirable shrub. ; meri and we should be as i '') MALVASTRU3X COCINEUM. valleys, I think how kind Ho was to: give equallyto leavetonous; 4he most rare and desired un- them to us; but it was rot without going prone Perennial, from 1 to;2 feet:high flowers to as a flor of mentioned, majority delicate scarlet, profusely laden in June. through trouble. Sisters" take care of your ists that we have satisfy selected most the worthy; Very showy and beautiful health and you will not only t benefit your w mat iu uur uuvo u we win uui LICIUM- udutoj selves but also future generations.. When fessiohal most and A shrub about four feet high, highly laden magnificent ' you are sick and afilicted have faith and you beautiful. eye appears In Juno with scarlet berries,' sweet and rich, Will recover.; ;w Tho : book of Doctrine . and I YUCCA BREVI FOLIA ' lIoya?it3say3 "The Lord will come when forms a tree often from twelve to twenty about', tho. size of a currant nico for dry-- : ,i the faith of the Saints is sufficient." feet nigh, forming a curiously wrought ngUiun, AOAVK UTAUNbii, Sister M. L Home made remarks- -. "I knew head of branches and short leaves.-an-d in short, spikey leaves the Spirit of God was here when I entered June, a magnificent head of white bloom a new plant with thick and flower: stalks ten or twelve i feet ; high; theroom. The decorations are beautiful and annears from twelve to twentv-fou- r innhns bulb ddiblo', rich and sweet u And so we tho young ladies of the 10th Ward have be-- lone-- , followed bv a irood sized fruit that might goson with enumeration, and cover a ; ' gun the New. Year very; well- - by inviting boars the seed. V . but bur limits forbid for i of fools-caquiro their elder sisters to their meeting. Wei yuccv baccata the present, but will simply add, that a com- uoes vu. ouujcuva cfnol M nnmaa t,uvi,.it fnrma font Ava fmm mrhf! uwjf v Z. plete collection of only the smaller plants, not make themnetinir monotonous hnf if nil wun long nesny leaves, ana in iviay sends leaving out the new and beautiful evergreeu VA'n VA ko c,Wft 0h ?P flower stems from four to seven feet trees and shrubs, would form a garden of. grace, vieing with tho ? V ers, whose beauty and sweet- - best gardens of the EastMUtah Pomolog. ' I yard and the women to v another; but is the cess." ; o ., woman's part less honorable? I think-no- t. DALEA JOIINSONII. "Kever be ashamed to apologize when you The. young have not been restrained enough I In times past. 1 They have been allowed to a shrub growing upon sandndlayjarid,; have done wrong in domestic : affairs,?? says four feet covered In May witl) long an eminent divine. "Let th it bo 'a law of grow up in a r'cjckless manner, and it is for racemes high, of pea shaped bloom, of Intense your: household. The bear thing: I ever, the mothers in Israel to teach and guide a producing upon lawn or in' a heard 6t my grandfatherwhom I never saw: them, and draw their children towards bright blue, ;'r a effect was' this: that once having unrighteously . them, and gain their confidence. My young garden charming rebuked lone of his .children ho Jiimself PENSTEM 0 XS. sisters bo like lary .of old, and choose the a gredt av irg lost his patience, and ! perhaps been: belter part; follow riot in tho way of the Of this family of plants there misinformed of the child s doings-found-Gentiles, but strive to live pure and holy variety; ranging in color from the, fragrant out his mistake, and in the evening of the to tho intensely bright scarlet whose before God. Jesus says. "If ye love me Same Uay gljinureu UU U13 WUIHJf lUgctua rocomWino. ihn fnnhz'i rfrnnna keep rhy commandments;', and although hi and said, Now I have one explanation to you may have to go through great trlab, it tive modesty among the rocks and preql- Is only to make you more steadfast, for pices. I rebuked you in Tthe presencefor-ofmorning OF CACTUS, eyeryfhirig that can be shaken will be shaTirVnlk ftsk VOUr frunfltr onrf nnW ihn ken. It is for us to first seek the kingdom an make would extended great variety their' prescnccMt must have of God and His righteousness and all other ilsvith wonderful diversity of size, shape givPnC33 in taken some courajro to do that It was bo unto added us, will . delicato from of and the bloom, beauty things right, was it not? Never be ashamed to Sister M. jpT Young 'theif made ' some ex- Mammalaria PhelIospcrm.i to the huge Cerc- - apologize for domestic Jmccuracjr. cellent remarks; rafter, which Sister East us Lo Contir, often growing a foot or moro arose and wished all present a Happy New n diameter and five or six feet high; cov Year, and said she felt inspired to . give ered with six Inch spines: or opuntia ech- - Can you spell consent in threo letters? thanks that wo aro tho happy recipients of nocarpa, that form3 a tree of no inconsider- - Yes. 1 W " ... ' . -- i.-.- 1 : ,) - - : ; . Xli. iT7r y Ai4 -- - -- : s ; f ; ? 'v o. -- "i I.-- 1 t . . . ; i ; i : - p, i uw.k r TJrJr ? "itZ UrZ,l . ; ; . , to white tnl te " . 