W 0 MAN ' S GO 'EXPOKEH .? has been suggested that every theatre in i America and Great Britain in AprllSTG, give a performance for tho benefit of tho fores and oovrer: po does the body when de- Shakesperian Fund...... ...Several hundred rancrpf! or deceased: but the erieine Is still th b6xeirof "a certairTsize, h'ave been mnnu fat Jesus says, " I am the resurrection, and the ?ame. Sometimes the body Is more fleshy and robust, than at otner time; out ic is sun me H life.1 V; John xtf 25.",' All that are in the graves T ; turea Dy uninese ai oacrnmenio io convey ' same its identity. The shall hear his oice, And shall come forth." home to: China, tho 'bodies of Celestials who body, and does not lose ft Che "com is which TJohn Y7I2S3)r Taulsay eTthat God civelh engine iron; brass, etc.' of , dio"invt'lie United SHtH... , own to but be seed his I body.91. destroyed; pot, decomposed, every Cor.jj may; posed havo been raging lately near Massena N. xv. 33, "And the sea gave up the dead which tnosa same properties couiu again do uducu were in it; and death and hell delivered up the Y., destroying large tracts oi iimDer and action; not, indeed the same form, The Yellow fever is again fields of grain dead which; were in them." Rev. xx, 13. If v without reraanipulation, Jut the body, being -wa than be cannot not i arid ' Florida. same a and be laws other resurrected it the comprein higher r under body Ml33lslipii prevailing resurrection but a new creation. The .Prophet 1 hend, Iat7s associated with and governing the Tho funeral of the late J udge Lewis Wood, Rook of Mormon, is the Amulck.in t principles of life, can be reorganized.iVlThoser; very plain " : . r .1 11. rufi of theltJnited States Court, was Ijeld at u: i.J i l. ti mi laws, though strictly.sclentuic, aro beyond our i Collegiate Church FifthAvenue bit body , shall be reunited again in its perfect; comprehension and oallle our, jueas,wriJcu from a very imperfect knowledge of form: : both limb and joint shall be restored to Sept. EeytJDr; Ormistpn.. deliyerei the most of. common and of first the we its eveu as are at this gome principles now, proper, frame, oration ....tTnePalaco Hotel, San Francisco, . There shall not so much as natural law. Hence it is said, "No man knows time. October 1st, the inaugural cer-- i opens y a hair of their heads be lost; but all things shall the things of God, but by the Spirit of God.: omonies comprise a banquet .and reception,- .' be restored to "Great Js the mystery of godliness, God man: its perfect frame, as it is now, or ifested in the flesh." Who can explain ' in the body."r Alma, chap, viu, par. 1Q. j Alma' r TEKSOXAI.. of the formation of a shrub, a flower, HThe shall soul be restored the tof says, body," even a blade of gra?s? Yet these are natural, and the body to the soul ; yea, and every limb , j Edwiif Booth is recovering-very- ( slowly; of of work noblest the What and filial! be man, to restorea its body; yea, even things. to joint some will ho said is cancel bave it engage- ' a hair rpf , the head shall not be lost, but all ' God, in his organization, birth growth, life, .Webster's Mans ments. ....Daniel homeat death and futurity; his body and spirit ; their things shall be'" restored, to their proper and field Mass. was Jjurned ion the Sth of. Sept. f frame.' union, points of contact and separation ; . the ( Alma, chap, xix, par. .. perfect resurrection of the body ; its reunion with the ......The EarL of : Huntington y is . dead...... Then shall the Jews lookx Again .we future? and his What : me past, present and are these wounds in Cardinal McClbskey will take the title I of spirit; upon say, What human philosoDhy can solve this problem? and thine hands in thy feet? Then shall they "The Church of Santi Marie Supre What is meant by t( the gross, Volatile matter" know that I am the Lord ; for I will say unto Marryatt "(Mrs. Boss" of the body or earth? Is there any matter These wounds are tho wounds with? them, with man, beast, bird, fowl, fish, insect,1 . Church) editor of; the "London societj', h which I was wounded in the house of mv or shrub friends." K Doc. and Coy., sec.xv, par.U SeeT about to make her debut on the public stage. tree, plant ; with animal or vegetable. also Zech. xii, 10, and Rev, 1, 7. There we see , life; or any matter of which the earth, air 'or Mr, Bobert Dale Owens health isim- water is com posed, that is not indestructible and tbat Jesus will again shew his wounds, in his reter uoopervas ine uesigncr proving eternal? When "the elements shall melt with resurrected the same body and the same body, ever turned out up- locomotive ;: first of the fervent heat' will there be any part dewounds that, he received at his death';; his on thb.v..cphtinentand .th'e.first to. rolP. stroyed ? , Not one particle. If this bo true in wounded body. And again, tfFor notwith- relation to the earth, why not in relation to the .build irigs standing they die, they also shall rise again a wrought iron beamslfor sbody of man? .Why should the decomposition spiritual body: they who are of a celestial spiiit" ......Capt, Lakebirch recently celebrated hii and changes incident to mortality render shall receive the same body which teas q natu '. 109th, birthday' at his residence in Now their rearrangement- reconstruction raX-; . even ye shall receive your bodies body has a hew vol York and reorganization? A man can take one of the and be shall that which your glory glory by finest metals gold, and by chemical action re-ume in press on the science of language.....V Doc. atjd .Cov., your bodies are quickened." duce it to a very fine powder.and blow it away sec vii, par. G.v7 And then at the final con-- : The Pope's health has , so much improved and cause it to be mixed and absorbed by other summation we are told that, "All things shallj that he celebrated mass lately in the matter; he can, by another process, gather become newj even the heaven and the earth,, of Wales, durChapeir;rrr.Thrr-Princ- o separate, "and restore that gold" to its previous and all the fulness thereof, both men and solidity and fineness. Cannot God do aa much: ing his stay in India will be inve3tejl. with fowls of the air, and the fishes of the? the beasts, with matter as man, with his limited capacity ? the Gmhcf Gross of the ?tar of India; 8e3j- and not one hair, neither mote, shall be lost," We are cited very correctly to a higher law, for it is the workmanship of mine hand,': FOREIGN, f " whereby Jesus turned water ' into , wine, Doc. and Cov sec x. par. 6V . ,1 7,4 ''through the. agency, of chemical laws of a All revelation gives sti iking evidence of the A severe hurricano continuing two days higher order than those taught in the schoolsf same body, in its entirety, coming forth, not as occurred recently, causing 'serious damage by the, concentration of elements, independent ain but its germ, likeness, form? fulness, parts to vessels at Santiago de Cuba and of the process of the growth of grapes and their I ; and personality, , , I into Could not same a terrific gale on the the wiae.; manipulation' .. The above, my dear sir, is respectfully subscience and power gather tho original elements 12th of Sept. in the Mediteranean andon mitted, in which' I hope I have not done inV of mah'd body and, by a4 chemical, eoheslve; . the coasts, railways in .some places were justice to our esteemed Bister, EI iza'Snow. and attractive power, cause atom' to. cohere remain your il i flooded and trafilc interrupied,' many . hbus-.-e- s ijrotnerj ' and unito with atom, part v Ith part ; bone resDcctfullrl t .Very t :""f wero destroyedl..i A? money crisis' is unite with its bone, and sinews como upon ; John tliem, and they be covered with fle3h and kln thought to bo; impending; in .thoPrussian rl)eseret Kews. and stand up, as Ezeklel gaw them, ' a living Government.f;IniPaTis recently :jthe,di-- ; i army?" If oue can accomplished by a su- ,f rectres3 of ia female industrial ' school was tv. j other? not the Dr,"in why chemistry, ,;t Serior fined 100 Trances and Imprisoned "for three terms, " icVl open your, graves, SPLINTERS. Xes nl cause and months for the children-...- . .The you toxonio up out of. your graves. I V ". ; And ye shall know that , Khedive of Egypt' lias sent 3 men-ofw' I am tiie Lobd.. V'And to the Egyptian coast hear" Ahsiniii, to .rrf fJiall put my Spirit in you; and. ye;halllivetk Morton Senator delivered a , recently punish theblacks in vading' Egyptian aad I shall place you in your own land : then on tho financial speech Pitt3bqrg, Penn,, ehall ye know that the Lord have spoken it, Edmphd Byan, Yico Chancelor uud performed It; taithXhe Lord." Ezek.'xxxhV problem.,'.4.Judgo ' Harrison died i of apo: of the University of iLondon,' died od the 11. Hut why" should we; feel ourselves at Denvcr....I.Two plexy trapeze perform-25th of August aged SO ycar8;'.;..There is a called upon to answer all the .fancied objecera in Kew York fell while exhibiting and; general depressioa in the EaropeanimQney tions of an assumed philosophy, in many in is believed ! to d tilltrade and fears of areit seriously injiired.r.v.Cali-- ; stances false; to solve its incoherent problems, rxiarketsbwing fornla celebrated tho twenty-fift- h anniveror unravel Its incongruous enigmas? l do not political, com plications . . .J.3 . grea t fire . oc'to-of , admission her to tho Union Sept,: feel myself called upon sary admit, that' all the curred at Paderbomj Prussia on ;the 12th of. elements .composing tho human body pa .Tho American 9th.;... Institute of Archk Sept; 100 buildings wero destroyed and 500 through all the "changes assumed' by whnt is tects will hold "conventheir ninth annual families made horn cless ..... .Th e Prince, of termed "a worldly-wis- e philosophy ;' nor that tion in Baltimoro for commenthree "Wales expects to spend Christmas day in' days the principal component, constituent parts of cing Nov; 17th......Prof. Baird tho TL 8 .the human body "feed the cow, the sheep and t MadraSj India. The reception tendered him Fish commissioner is making an exact conn- -' the gocs3;" nor do I believe the statement that , will be of surpassing magnificence. lfz a; J'wo cao trace the sarao Identical matter, of in terpart plaster paris of every species divided and can trace it? ' Ah6 of fish, for tho. Centennial Exhibition.,.'.; ,This is mere assertion. That the blood;and f Tho Kanzas Central and Black Hills Narrow An elderly gentleman, returning home certain gac-- emanate from the body 'and Railroad from church, began to extol the' merits of fertilize the earth would not be denied; but that Gauge Company, have organized the component parts of the body do this reat Omaha with $100,000......San Francisco the sermon to his son. Said lie; "Jack, mains to ba proven, .Jf gold, silver and other is to build a separate : establishment for: tho I have heard one of the most delightful jne tab can bo eliminated front tho earth, arid colored children in her limits as tho authorsermons ever delivered before a Christian othtr metals by chemlcil proce.?, why not all ities not .nllow them; in the public the component parts of the body by the Spirit will; society. It carried me to the gate Of heay- schools.,;.. .Most of the creditors of Duncan and power of God? Job eviflentlv twliovpil in , en." "Wfiv d dn't vou dodcrc mv" repnea the resurrection of his own body in Its entirety Shearman & Co. have agreed to tho propose Jiavo another ..such, Jack; "You willliever He paid, "And though after my skin wormi tion of a settlement of 33J per cent..... .It chance." "ftteamreo the bod without the spirit is inert, powerless and dead. If when In action any part of the steam engine is disorganized, it loses its destroy thU body, yet In ray flesh shall I see ;' God ; Whom I shall see for myself,' and mine eyes shall behold, and not another." Job. xix. Eaten by worms, he would still be resus citated and see his Redeemer with his owneyts 6-- 7. ? fuy-chemic- . are-frame- d -- v i-o- . f -- to-da- ? - - I the-rnyster- , . 7 : read' .. Miner-vam....'Floren- ce" ; con-C-necte- d T , , j 5 fire-pro- of Ira-possi- ble - City--iMaxIu- lIer Sis-tin- e ? -- t - Cclen-fungbes......Therer.- Z ; ... , '. 4 , t - -- 4 t i f 4 . ill-treati- ng . ar . rTerri-tory...r.S- -- : . -- rub-divided- ." " - 4 , ; ir 