parade of the entire, state militia. .....S.'V- e n ty millions of dollars is said to be an u n exaggerated estimate of losses by fire in t If e United States in 1874 Mrs; Pratt of San Fmriciscchas appliedfbr ?n di vorco with -- a modest alimony, of a, 000,000.:. In 187 it is asserted that San Fancisco sent $1,400,000 k and lard......Major in gold east to y or of Rochester Gen. John Williams a former member of congress and treasurer of that City for the last two years died on .The Thurs. March 25th at the age of. 68 on' the new postal law doubling pa pastage to etc. force now in is pers . . .. . .Prof. Zaba lately from Europe is intro ducing a newmdthod of teaching History by means General Hill of Washington! has offered his resignation .. 7.Th erhaveTarri ved i n Cal. since Apr. 1, 1874, 33,197 emigrants by rail . . t. ,1 T l trn iiceuseu.1 nuussxii ievaua j.mure are yuu es where liquors are retailed the population is 55,000... ...The construction of the Panama railroad cost 82,000 human lives from death by malaria. SPLINTERS. -- , ;". PERSONAL. President Grant is expected to arrive. in the 17th, as the guest of the Cii.nmercial Club.. ....Josephine Mansiieia his recovered judgment against the estate of James Fisk Jr. for $25,000, an effort is Gen. being made to secure a new trial-Uq. Butler is the attorney in. a case,, pending in the treasury department under very peculiar circumstances, the case is a claim for $50,000 for property seized in New Orleans for the use of The Northern Army by Gen. Butler in command. Butler now ap pears as ecu nsel agains t f he ae ts oflhi tl er as GeneraI......Smiler Ctolfax has made $60 000 lecturing this season ...... A box a t PattPs benefit in St. Petersburg was sold for Jonly $25Q. "At the conclusion of her recent engagement In that city, she was presented with a magnificient diadem of diamonds and sapphires.. ....Mc. Carter, chief of the bureau of .engraving and printing has tendered his resignation.'..... Andre w Johnson's speech on the 22d. on the Lousiana question was at least three" hours long.. ....The PresiTHE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. dent has sighed the commission of John C. treasurer of Jhe United States, Ndw r JL. GltEEXE RICHARDS. Editor. to take effect irom June 30. 18 75...... The COHNEIXV IT. IIORXE, Rnsl ness Manager. Chinese have been celebrating the accession of of thd new Emperor;h;The fburth-sb- h In Salt Lake City, Utah. Bret Ilarte was born at Morristown N. Y. Pabtfshed one copy six months, e One oh Terras; copy year, is his about eldest March on Monday 15., Ten copies for the price of nloc. Advertising $1.00. thirteen. The death of his mother has rates; Each square, ten lines of nonpareil ppace, one v v - time, been recently announced. $2.00; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to n buy-por- ? Ex-Ma- non-subscribe- - . rs L to-b- e semi-monthl- earth a deformed body, or, a visage severely . plaiui coritaining'a superior heart and brain, a juaiU of great hurden it with a" whtifato or a hateful, disconsolate be- deceptive charm, can bring no sunshineqrsclf :or; for others. The common charge placed upon woman that she is alone to blame for all the evils that are bom with men is, however an unjust one; The great work of forming 'minds, is mainly hers. But if man would stop to reflect upon ; the subject, and be made aware of the import- - . ance of his position and the course he takes in relation to the peopling of the world, he would, -in many instances, be a better husband and act a more generous and manly part than he does A woman may be surrounded with all the ' comforts of Jife, and yet be kept in a stale of miserable apprehensions, from which she has not power to rise, by the indiscreet proceedings of an unwise man. If, by uncon-trolabcircumstances, her lot must be a hard one, it may be rendered much more tolerable by the care and sympathy and tender solicitude of a kind and agreeable husband. When parents learn wisdom and practise it, -there will be no black sheep among their flocks. There will be only loving and lovable beings begotten and bornyand the human household will contain o h ly happy and deligh tfui circles of precious darling lambs. ing-wh- o le - y S2-0- HOME PRODUCTIONS. woman's aid solicited." . :' ' , FOREIGN. Madame Catacazy, wife of the former Russian Minister to this country denies the report of having separated from her husband. .....The Emperor of Austria met the King of Italy at Venice on the 4th of April ......M. Buffer says the New French Ministry is essentially conservative...... The Japanese educational fund is nearly doubled this year... ...The Sultan of Turkey employs in his palace 6,000 servants of both sexes ......Don Carloss has issued a decree calling into service all males in the Navarrese provinces over eighteen years of age England exported last year3,G03,000,OOa yd?, of cotton cloth...... The Japanese opposition to the Pacific Mail line between ports of Japan and China has gone info operation;.... .The fund which has been started in Denmark for the erection of a statue to Hans Christian Andersen already exceeds 18,000 crowns of shefileld ......In the year 1821 wife Caroline of George presented Queejn regular advertisers. Exponent Office, on "West Temple St., near First Sonth St.. opposite City Market place. Business hours fiom 1) a.m. to 4 p.m. on Tuesdays and Saturdays. Address all business communications to Publishers WoiiAN's Exponent, Salt Lake City, Utah. SALT LAKE CITY. APRIL 15, 1875 - "a-cut- ler IV with Ui pocket-knif- e containing 1,821 blades. .....At Berlin Prussia an institution . has been opened giving shelter and employment to orphan girls called "Maiden Honas" ......The Emperor William of Prussia has abandoned his journey to Italy on account of - ill health. GENERAL., . A Baltimore beggar has retired from business with a fortune of $2C,000..... .Delaware has appropriated $10,000 to the centennial exhibition The International Department will send a competent ereolomst to examino the Black Hills and ascertain accurately their ' mineral wealth. .....As late as 1750 in Mass. a colored woman was burned at the stake for V Hale of Poisoning her master.... ..Ex-GoNew Hampshire is recovering from his ill-- n ess ...v.. Prof. U.W. Uhcrton ''of Rutgers "Coiregelias been tendered the presidency of Howard University Washington D. (J....Dr. Van Courtlandt a geologist and physician of great repute died at Ottawa Canada on Thurs.' March 25. .....Boston proposes to celebrate the orio hundredth anniversary of thb battle of Bunker Hill June 17th by a grand v. - THE BLACK SHEEP. The above term, as often applied to one of a human fold, is a very significant, and tous, a very painful one. It implies tw forcib ly the rigid fact, that one bom an "unfortunate," is doomed to'bear ridicule and censure, rather than to receive pity and charitable words and acts not so much from strangers as from broth ers and sisters, and even from the parents themselves whose folly or weakness has, in some deficieucy. It is alway, been the cause so a fact, to be regretted, that these human black sheep are, in so many instances, like sensitive plants in their natures, making their fate a still more pitable one. ' If parents, could only undersfandthat the entire fault of such peculiar dispoiitionsjsuch deformed minds being brought into existence, is always, or nearly so, their own, certainly the number born of unhappy beings would be less, and the world less full of sorrow. If , mothers could be" brought tq realize, how much they have to do with the forming of 'the characters of men oncl women, ere they are given existence in the outer world, surely ho pains taking would be to great for them, in the matter of producing good and noble, rather than inferior offspring ... of-th- e "Nature JuTiolate boWs certain laws, There's no effect produced without a came,"- - Avomaiicannot allowjherself to beekless, disagreeable or in any particular that which she ought not to be, and bring forth a sweet-soulelovely and in all respects perfect offspring. Theremay.be nothing wauting of beauty and comeliness in form and feature. But desirable as ought which pleases the - eye may be, how much better , to, place upon the d, "Custom's the world's great Idol we adore And knowing: this we seek to know no more." The financial troubles of the nation are be coming so complicated and embarrassing, that an appeal is being made to the women of the country, to aid in stemming, the flood of indebtedness, and lend a helping hand in rescuing and retrieving its falling fortunes; dimply by purchasing home productions, goods without a foreign mark. It has indeed become a 'mania' in aristocratic circles, to wear foreign goods; polite society in its progressive advancement repudiates whatever is cheap,-- , easy of access, or inclined to simplicity. Tj ba salable, it has become so essential Hut the finer qualities of goods should have a foreign markj that in many instances home pro ductions aro sold under the head of "imported" a word "which possesses a mysterious fascination, and a magic charm' with these votaries of fashion, these favorites ofthe' ''sterner L sex." And forwliat purpose are lhe,;.thus'aVrayed, and who are their" icTnWerV, whoVXolloV" jn their wake, ih'the Ua)ls and reafras of fashion? Who wofshlpat'theif shrine, who layds their beaut end :mag -- '. ; cbari&.s theniaijers "A Wparisienne?' Is it not thoVerymeu, who are npw asking then to.retrench is it n?.t forjhera they have adorned themselves, that they might win their admiration? At least, that is about; the only consideration or recompense vouchsafed; as for love, or sentiment, men of business, have ne time to iiidulgeiu anything so trivial. ' When men will pay court to ladies in simple toilefls without ornaments, and accord to them the fame distinguished courtesies which char- z.e Jhelr Ja t lotions to jhose wh o are jelab-rtely and daintily gotten up," then women will believe tby" mean what they say, and practice what: they trtach. Milliorls of dollars are sent abroad annually fof these costly. fabrics;ror which gold must bc paid; "and whjle" (lii liiccssent drain continues,- -; panics will' be inevitable, and eventualiy.unles's ' , ' 