WOMAN'S EXPONENT. household expenses, neither do we think that unnecessary waste ef strength Is ever profita ble when the final result is proven; Therefore, we would advise every mother who has a baby to carry about to get a little carriage for the pur pose. If your husbands tell you their, mothers carried them without carriages until they .were able to,, walk, and they: think you ;may do the - them this same with Is an age of improvement, u Tell them you want to enjoy better health! and; raise i stronger and wore perfect children than their mothers and your mothers have done: and for this rea son you should be provided with every labor savinghealthfpromotin piece of machinery lhat your circumstances will Iq any wise Justi fy. Do without some other things" that can better be dispensed with, but as baby must be cared for, let it be in the right way. Let moth era take proper care of themselves, and the ba" bles will notjneedihalfjthe attention that they - r.t,.otherwise claim, t r., Mr. Henry Pinwoodey .of this city will furnish you with j any sort of a "baby I carriage" youwish to procure, at prices from thirteen to twenty dollars. Mothers (or father3)in the country, should make their babies rich enough to ride in carriages, even if they cannot indulge in such luxuries themselves. your-childrenr-re- mind :...;. 133 weather was cold arid blustering. She was gc ing home that: day, and we remarked that the journey would be .somewhat tedious. "But I shall go within fifteen miles of home on the cars, and going so" quickly does not seem at all wearisome, like the old way of jogging along all day. In a wagon'' was her pleasant reply-I-t sounded very comfortable and made us think again, that the people should highly appreciate the labors of the hardy men who build the railroads, as well as the enterprising, spirit of the contractors. ; . - . 1 . . King Kalakaua of tho Hawaiian Islands, passed through Ogden on his return homeward,' 24th Sundav. mm the ' ..... matestv in a letter i ' ult. His to Mayor Wells a ud the? members of th City Council expressed'' regrets that be was loot5 able to accept their Invitation to visit tms ctty, hay : - t ing been detained in the East longer than he anticipated. And he was pleased Tto meet at Ogden, a delegation from Salt Lake, compris" log the Mayor and a number of other gentle men. So the populace of our city didn't get to feast their eys on a 'real, li ve king" this time, after all. But a sharp witted young lady sug gests that rather than die about it, they might each in turn, call upon the amiable and ever hospitable Hannah T. Albebt Stickney, of Payson, Utah Co.,' was recently killed by a. snowslide In Summit Kan-yoWe take this opportunity of extending heartfelt sympathy to the , bereaved .wife and children. It is ever a trying ordeal to yield be loved friends to the cold grasp of death, even when long days and nights of anxious watching have in some degree prepared the clinging heart tendrils to slacken their firm clasp." But when the keen dart enters in an, unguarded moment and unsuspected form as in the case of Brother Stickney we have had: occastonttfknVwy'perf sonally, that no language can express the heart's anguish, which can only be overcome by the strongest resolution, lapse of time and devout s n. ' 4 i v 4 ; .1 '..-.- NOTICE. . - mm mmm r ' t - , . 4 ....... - ' - 1 . t ' - - Will our Agents and subscribers please take notice that on and after the first of January, 1875, the postage on newspapers must be prepaid, and. at the, office where they are mailed instead of at the- place of delivery; and have sent to us, ten cents postage for each yearly subscriber? This new postal, law, does not effect subscribers within the precinct of ' ' this county. -- - , HOME AFFAIRS. by theso humblo and unpretending people in this straightforward manner." VALUE OF SMALL COURTESIES. Civilty costs nothing, and is often productive of good results Hero is an instance; A local doctor of medicine at Bath, England, has just had a legacy; of - twenty thousand house left dollars, anda yery cornp him by a lady .whb was! only nown'lto.hlni by his offering her a seat la hisvcarriago rr A gentleman known to tho writer, onco assisted a very old and feeble man - to cross from tho Lpndoh7Mansl6riHousQ T to ;thd Bank df EngtandrThocrb when dangerous one, especially at mid-das, the street is full of cabs? omniboses,-drayand other ponderous vehicles. When tho old gentleman had got safely across, he - y, nitbr friend; and then the matter ended. Some four years after this incident occurred,a firm of London solicitors Iwrota to this young gentleman who had taken pity ont tho old man, informing him that a legacy of flvo . thousand dollars and a gold watch and chain had been left him by a gentleman who "took the opportunity ?of again thanking him In his will" for an act of nnlobkd-fo- r cIvilty., It Unqt likely thai air wiUn have got watches and chains: lef them,or neat little bundles of crisp' notes;.bnt it Is cer tain that acts of civility aro producti ve of sufficient results to bur inner selves to mako whenever it worth while to practice them '' 1; we find the opportunity. r? ?t :! ( 1 LANGUAGE OF THE HANDS. rFx : The London Saturday Review says that M. Desbarrolles in his "Mysteries of tho Hand," a book In which ho gives the rules which form tho basis of palmistry, divides hands into three sorts. The first sort have fingers with pointed tops; the second," squaro confidence iops, :itBy topsjT the tthlrd,T spade-shape- d is meant fingers that are. thick well for those who trust in Himr Sister Stick spade-shape- d ?bQpl& calling on business "concerning the ney is a special friend of the -- Exponent, and at the end, having a little pad of flesh at Exponent, will oblige us by taking notice that in this we would ofler sympathy, and if possl4 each side of the nail. The rsrtypeofTllh-ger- s our published days for "business, are Tuesdays ble a word or consolation. belong to characters possessed of rapid ;J ' V and Saturdays.' 'V,'"'" insight io things; to extra-sensitipeople; to pious people whoso piety Is of thq contemThe Teaciiers of. the University .of Deseret MATRIMONIAL MARKET. plative kind; to the impuUive, and to all have JjeenhaHng an examination of iU pupils. poets and artists in whom Ideality Is a prom Great satisfaction with all concerned, as to the It is a custom at a Gal way fair for all the inent trait. The second typo belongs1 to r ve , 'I r, v uv progrefs made, Is the result. The NAERow gauge railroad will soon be ex tended from Qgdeh to this city.' There is no lacK or enterprise, iorce ana. aeiermmauon in eur .Utah railroad men; and their efforts to in crease the facilities for improvement throughout ; the country are ever commendable, v v ; T?T Several snowslides hfve occurred In the Within the' past two Cottonwood Kahyons weeks, by two of which a number. of persons were killed. On Tuesday, the I?th ult., at AI ta, in Little . Cottonwood, two men, a V woman and two. children were buried in an avalanche and died before they could be' extricated. The : day following this mournful event, fix men met the same fate .in Big Cottonwood KanyoiL I surprising, after all that has been It is a little relative' to anonymous correspon- published bachelor," who reads and appreciates the Exponent, should send us such a production, begging to be excused as he dence, that a St QeoTgQ "can only addto the initials Bachelor." We only add that unless he sends us his name, we cannot publish his article, which is, however, f : an interesting one A YOUNO lady who resides in Tooele city called upon us one morning lately,5 when the : i k marriageable, girls tp assemble and to tempt all wanting wives, . by their captivating' charms, to be made more happy for life.'! Says an American gentleman of the highest character, who was an eye witness, and invited by a nobleman to go and 'see these girls: ."At 12 o'clock precisely we went as directed, to a part of the ground higher than the rest of the field, where wo found from sixty to one hundred young women, well dressed, with good looks and good manners, and presenting a spectacle quite worthy any civil or modest man's feelings. They were th- marriageable girls of the country, who had come to show themselves on the occasion, to the young men who wanted wives; and this was the plain and simple custom of the' fair. I can plainly eay that I saw in the custom no great im. : certainly did not proprietyitwere to bo imply that, had, any body ready though they not was .a Circassian could have them. It richest the slave market, where purchaser in no selection. were could make his .They sense of the term, on sale, nor. did they abandon their right of choice; but that which is done !a more refined society, under Various covers and pretenses --at theaters, at balls and public exhibitions I will say nothing about the churches was done . scientific people; to sensible, characters; to mo3t or our proiesaionai men, who steer between tho wholly practical d course that they of the fingers too of visionary-benand t the peotake the The third ple with; pointed fingers. typo aro to matewhose Instincts those pertains rial; to the 'people who havo a genfai for commerce and a high appreclation of every, thing that tends to bodily ease and comfort; also to people of great activity. Each finhas one ger, no matter what kind of. hand, ' joint representing each of these. Thus, tho division of the finger "which is types nearest the' palm stands for the", body and cbrrei-ponwith, the type), the middle division" represents mind (the .square topped), the top, soul (the pointed). 'If tho top Joint of the- finger bo long, it denotes a character with much imagination, or ideality, and a leaning towards the theoretical rather than the practical V: The middlo part of tho finger being large promises a logical, calcuperson. Tho lating mind a common-sens- o denotes a nathick remaining joint long and ture that clings more to the luxuries than to " the refinements of life. - Things will present themselves to such a naturo under a lower will be accounted beforo aspect, and utility ' ." beauty. : self-contain- ed spade-shape- ; ds spade-shape- d - . . 