'WOMAN'S EXPONENT, ant and instructive manner, closing by gratulating the sisters for their liberality in supplying the wants of the poor in the ward, and leaving a .respectable surplus in ; the treasury.' Several other sisters followed with appropriate remarks in regard to the duties and mission of the! female members V-- ; J of this ChujhIT" ' ;' The Secretary; read the annual report; of the flnances,lwMch showed that the - Society ' ' ' Editor Exponent: - -, - of-Sist- :;v;iv; ; ' Margaret ; A er llespectfuny, Cluff, Secretary. v : ' :,West WEBEE7May 2Gth187o; Dear Exponent: r:r' ':v- -.:- -- t:: 7 I have "been thinking that is quite time some of tho sisters should write and let iii your readers know how we get along this part of the vineyard of the Lord.- We meet every four weeks; although our business operations are small, we try to eucour-ag-e each other in the great and good work we have engaged to assist in. I feel that ve need a great ' deal of charity one to wards another, that the strong should bear the infirmities of the weak and try to encourage them with kind and gentle words, and by performing little acts of kindness to wards them. .Our president sister Marj Douglas gives us good, motherly instruction from time to time. Our Jyoung sisters are getting along well. And ; our Sunday school under? tho Supcrintendeney -- of Brother Nathan Ilawkcs, is flourishing Your Sister, &c finely. , . Frances B. Hart. Cache Wells ville, May --- County, yy:t -- 20th, 1875. ; Dear Editor; -- . ', Wo held our Monthly Meeting on Thursday the 6th inst. Bishop Maughan with sisters .several brethren and a great many ' '; ... .were present. Bishop Maughan motioned that we adopt in regard- - to , President Young's counsel round dancing; ; upon which a unanimous vote was carried in favor of abandoning them; also that the sisters of the Relief Society organize a Ladies Retrenchment Association which was also unanimous. We havo commenced the summer season of sewing meetings for the benefit of the needy, in which some of the sisters take great, interest. On Saturday tho 8th inst., the ladies made a picnic party out of respect to bur worthy Bishop who has been called on a mission to Europe. Two hundred -- and sixty persons partook of tho bounties of life with which the tables were spread, and the glasses of pure water added greatly to the scene as tea and coffee wcro entirely dispensed with. The brass kind kindly rendered their services and enlivened all with their cheering music. After tho tables were cleared; short and appropriate addresses were delivered by some of the brethren and sisters, with singing and dancing. All who were present enjoyed themselves and agreed it was the most pleasant party we ever had in Wellsville. We take pleasure in forwarding subscriptions for your valuable paper, and hopo it will Increase as we feel it deserves to da Respectfully, E. Wueaton, and ' . ' '. IX, PA?.iay:cy. There are ; Being a constant reader of your valuable paper,-anvery much Interested in the reports from the many different societies, both Relief and Retrenchment, I will venture d i or presume to send you a brief report of our Society. It was organized April 3rd, 1875 by JHsSiE: R. Snow,: Mrs. Zina D. Young; and Mr&!:lsirTda Kinball, with the sanction! of our Bishop : W. E. Young. Wi Mrs. E. Boice was chosen PresU and six counselors were chosen by her and ? :;v' - r , - 7 Turkish eccentricities. Everything among tho Turks is in contrast with our experiences. The men wear the gay colors and embroidery, and tho women tho close veil and sombre hues. Tho women wear trousers, and the men a nether garment very much like a petticoat. llen and not women do all the work of tho household. Marriages are solemnized without the presence of the parties most concerned, and beforo they have even seen each other. A money valua is set upon the hrido by her parents, and agreed to by tho parents of tho bridegroom, upon' the payment of which the husband has the right at any time after marriage to return the wife to her friends. Recently, a daughter of the Grand Vizier was married and her money valuo was fixed at the odd but quite reasonable figuro,con-sideriu- g her cocial position, of five hundred ua4 fc'Ue pounds stexling.'', - 300 American girls studying with a view to the operatic stage. TnE total losses by fires in tho United States and5 Canada during May, were $9, to r the iusurarico companies $1,385, 384,800; ! 100: by specials $5,455,100; and by specials to insurance companies $2,600,800. The quarterly re show a marked decrease for the fiscal year. Hitherto these fees havo aggregated $000, 000 annually, The probable decline for this ' fiscal year will bo $100,000. Tub 8th regiment United States cavalry, - vvhich has been 2 stationed in iNetv Jitoxico for tho past four years, and the 0 th cavalry, which has been in Texas six or eight years, are to relieve each btherJ ii . Great preparations are making at Paris i unanimously voted tiu-X? It was considered Jbest by our Bishop to - have Branch Societies asihe Ard Js eiy;2 extensive, the Counselors to preside In tho -- different districts where they reside, all to meet monthly at tho Ward House.. . At a meeting called by our President Mrs. BoiceytheBishop beingi presentjiMrs. Liz- 4 zie NerT was appointed to preside, Mrs. IV M. Neff Secretary, and Mrs. B. M. MoseSj Treasurer. We have most excellent meet ings, among our best speakers may be mentioned Mrs. E. Howard, Mrs. S. Harper, Mrs. E. Boice, Mrs. H. Brinton and many others too numerous to mention, - all seem actuated by a good spirit and a desire for the welfare of Zion, all see the necessity of" "each;; oneP being awake, the igreaji-needotaking part in the great work of Retrenchment, of refining and perfecting ourselves. Now that we havo an opportunity of representing ourselves through the medium of your paper, it seems almost a work demanded of us to awake, arise! put on the armour of wisdom, and make bold to declare to the world iho truth of tho mission of Joseph Smith and- liis successor Brigham Young; to advocate the principles of eternal truth as revealed by them for bur salvation and exaltation, the great and glorious principles of Celestial Marriage, especially, . When we consider how much has been said against this, and Its practice in Utah; and concerning the cond i t ion Of woman here ; sho is compared with a slave, or represented to be in abject slavery. " t";;--;:- ;We know tho time has come when woman should express her views, advocate true and correct principles, and. stand up in her own defense. It is much better to represent ourselves than to be" represented by others. There Is no place in the world that woman has better opportunities to improve, than in Utah; certainly she has perfect freeV dom of speech and press. J ' success, I am most respectWishing you fully yours, Mrs. F. M. Neff, Secretary. : it is said, now. in Milan, . ; , . FACTS AND FIGURES. v. -;-- was in a prosperous conauion. Considerable means has been contributed for the purpose of erecting a suitable house for holding meetings, to work in &c ; which Willi we hope, bo completed tliis season. Wo regret very much the absence L. W. Kimball, who is now living at ' Santaquin. With an earnest prayer for; the success of thexpONENT, I Temain, : Big Cottonwood Ward, Neff's District, June 17th, 1875., . : " 19 " t -- 7or';the-'Pngrima which begins on tho lGth Inst.; in honor- of rtho anniversary of tho pope's session,- and it will, Without doiibt, bo tho largest for v; many years. TniRTY-sovc- n hundred packages of smuggled cigarettes were seized on the steamer, City of Mexico, recently. The Hartfords defeated the Yale college nine at New :HavenrJunoJ.5th; 12 to 2, and tho Philadelphias the St Louis Red Stockings at St. Louis, 4 to 3. The New. Havens are reportea to navo aisoanueu. iuuy Auriuncu a game to the Hartfords at New Haven, re' cently. , ' . A' settlement has been made with Mrs.Sinclair, tho divorced. wifo of tho lato EdWin Forest, who . claimed arrears of, aliesmony and a dower interest in tho realelsetate at New York, Philadelphia and where, and 'she receives $100 000- -a $75,000 mortgage on tho Mount St. Vinccnlt property at New York and $25,000 in cash. The commission to treat with the Sioux Indians has been increased to eight members, and now comprises Senator William B. Allison of Iowa, Bishop E. R. Ames of Frank W. PalMaryland, Inter-Oceamer, editor of the Chicago Brig Gen. Alfred H, Terry, commanding In Abram Comingo Dakota, of Dakota, D. Henman S. of Misiouri, Rev. G. P. Beavers of Missouri and J. R. Obeinc of Now York, i Joe. W. Dwyer has been ap repointed secretiry. The commission nas ceived a lot of instruction tho substance of which is that they are to try to mako tho best bargain they can with tho I t i r...!inn n fTl TC fltTfl n, red-skin- s, A 1 f a great many other peoj'Ie doubt whether any satisfactory settles i can bo made. Each'member while o:i idly gets $3 per day and necessary expenses. Cornell University is rapidly increasing In fame. Tho Sago building will he completed reaCy for opening in September. It is 176 feet in length and IC2 wide. It will contain a museum, laboratory, with several music and lecture rooms; and will be lighted with gas and warmed by steam. An ADDKES3 was delivered to the cadets at tho close of tho graduating exercises at West Point Military Academy, b? Secy. Belknap, Juno 16th. Afterwards tho cadets were called up In order of merit, and received their diploma from tho Secretary of War. Conclusion of tho exercises was the; reading of tho order of the day. Tho gradPresident uates numbered forty-threYoung's con, WilUrd, stood fourth in order ' of grade. e. 