f i 1 WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 121 SPUNTERa ' gressibnal investigating committee in Miss- reign, eternal happiness be established, and the . issippi.... ..Political parties all oven tho Law fulfilled; , country denounce the action; of tho Presi ' dent in' sending military force into the ' : IS IT FAIR? "Louisiana Legislature as a means of settling their disturbances.... ..Abuso of power We were to Sunday school Jast on. the among men holding authority is vcomplaIned Sabbath, when the way sound of infant voices atpi oy ino peoiue in aimosi every otaie. uuu.- tracted our attention. : One voice was that f a Territory, the protestations continually ;in- little girl speaking between sobs, in a grieved and angry tone.- - x.Xj 'niaJ. ' , ;"You did;tob! y6ii pushed mo over," and I'll , tell mother! she said THE WOMAN'S EXPONENT. :rV ! rl rr Sure ehbughshe and caused a little brother, domineering to?slrp'davvn;'by X. GREENE IlICIIAUDS. Editor, r to because take both wanted charge of a they CORXJEXIA II. IIOItXE, Business JXannger. youiigef inember "6rthe!fe . ' LOCAL. . . Some people imagined an earthquake was 8h:tJing the western portion, of this city, abut noon last Monday. The shock.was oc caponed by the explosion of ia large .boiler .0.. Wff Stayner makes the 'pse'f, a mat- tor of much Interest in his lecture:, on that tu'ject, which was :ably delivered in ,ihe 14th Ward Assembly Booms on the evening has been of the 11th insr.....BIeigh-ridin- g participated in to a cbnliderable extenti by tho beaux and beljes of this city sinco the fall of snow which closely olio wed; .the hoi idays. ... ..There was a .heavy ?6nowsiido in , ; Little CottonwcikanyoanJAeltlist, , , ......ThqJiJoarcf oIirpetpraJ otLthoeseret ' , ; rr-x'hvpl- c : Published semimonthlrl irt Saji; Laka CUy.otlUfi. Terms; One copy one year,, $2. 00; one ropy ' six, months, SJ.OO. r Ten , copies , for. the price of nine. Advertising rates:' Each square. tm lines of nonpareil space, on u Agriculturaland , waai theli ttlejmissw pa wun uer siocKings an muauy, ner apron mussea nied-themFAnd-- there held their flrst meeting iotf the yearlSTpi Hast: Wednesday .... ..A . branch of industry. by the rude' conduct of her brother. ; new to this cjty has lately, been commenced, regular advertisers. Jj. O man ! we thougfitrthipirit maniiWted by"l ori West Temple St., near First South Office, Exponent thatof ;artificial t ntom making h;Th, mil St., opposite City Market place. - Business hours from 9 Lthis burly urchin is; but of that do produced is; natural in appearance and a.m. to 4 p,in. on Tuesdays and Saturdays. which you, in your great want of discernment, ' communications to apparently .durable...,., Anew, and .coramo-idiou- s .Address all business so uni versally extend to your, sis ters. Z :u. 7 rubllShCrS WOMAN'S .EXPONENT, school house was : lately finished and Salt Lake City, Vtah.. No wonder, the cry. has beenfcounded, 45Wo dedicated at Mill Creek, being; the third man arouse thee On every hand has she been T school house completed in that district thrust aside when she has scught to gain aposi-tio- n ' LAKE - within t wo SALT CITY, JAN. 15, 1875, . Vi years. ' i j ti ,r tt ;i or accomplish a work of whicn her stern I .:'J ; PEBSONAL. ' !. - j; :; : brother has accounted her unworthy or incapa-- . s ,,i - Kalakauai receives so'mucli1 atientionrhe "LOVE IS THE FULFILLING OF ble. There was quite as much justice shown In n.- i is becoming, aristocratic in his feelings and , the act of that arrogant THE LAW." : child, when he pushed Gran t has fears of begins to put on airs. his sister down in tb e mud, as is generally reppulmbnary affection in the Louisiana Love, the holy influence it sheds, and -- the resented in the acts of men toward their g Assembly if too much talk is in- power a hd energy it lenilsare' the sacred charms ' sisters. s; T; ''''"5- - ;i dulged in, so he sends military force to set- -' y h ich - make the j oys and pleasures of life so These thoughts- were not awakened through tie their differences for Hhemf.-w- .Grace sweetj Its eares, perplexities; arid bitter' griefs Orecnwnbcs mother: dieti recently.1.! i. endurable. Love is; the soul' creator of evelry pain of immediate or personal;, injuries. ,Ife "is but just for us to say that, sp&ras individual ' Prince Georgo bf Kussia has chosen subject pure makes AYhat the smiling infanj; extends, we bayeinevermet V.wltli x matter from tho Old Testament upon which in i tsdelight. mother's arnis so innbceutly: liapy, bu t experience other than encouraging treatment I from our he Writing a ;dmm enelrciei jovewhieh thrpow(er;:t)f ;USucU has retired from" the position of editor of lofdfy: friends in attempting f self-a- va of deep, decided aiid untokens unmistakRble or the accomplishment of any good whatever the "National ItepuM selfish as are affection lavished upon constantly held-fowhich he In. fact, to be not only gentlemanly and obligseveral y ears 1. 'Senator 'Hhe-babjr wundLitjlpuldn'driubit Ferry of Connecticut has befiir so seriously ing iu every true sense of. the word, buj also co. to most serve render lives the satisfactory edly V to! ill "i at Washington as ; rend er in j every-- instance wherein woman necessary of men and wo men , AVhat othor t cartldy b iss adjutant seeks the genuine welfare r promotion of any time,-13.0- 0; per4ontb-$3v(K),iiAuy5Mi- ' '. i? , ! raace . . r -- 5 : s ; ? -- -- .. ? ti-. . ; J. - f , . ? J V-.- ...-... ' : ; ? - Leg-,-islati- ye strug-iglip- r:;'-";- : -- . . ; , : d yJ by-al- l , I 7 ! . aauaUtiiaLuclila ; CASUAL. :fer5-Lampedol7aBntis- lately, rship rwas h ; hurnaf. ara iiarnum, lus wife and two children were burned, to death Liu a recent fire...... . . A" fire on, Sunday destroyed Tpne , hundred and twenty. five thousand dollars worth of n property at Bates ville, ind. ..... .Three ch'il- dren in Trenton, N. J., r were drowned last week, having ventured on thin ice. , Their family names vere Collins, Boet. and metal works in Waterlqwn, - 5Mass.i belonglug to Mr. Blodett, vve're 're Tcently: destroyed r by firb;..:In doming, : eight persons vyero lately killed by. an explosion in a coal jnino...... An eminent Eng- lish geologist, Sir Charles Lyelf, fell down i; stairs and sustained serious injuries, but is recovering.;. ..Vide spread inundation and distress has been caused ;in China from the event of the Ycilowl rivers . changing its : course near its mouth.;,.. .England:had. two collisions with fatal results in one - railway week lately.-,.- . .One of the wealthiest, firms of Yeddo, Japan, known as Qnoo fc Co., has failed...... A $20,000 tannery has , been ' burned in Delhi. Out...... .Eight or.ten build- Ings in Clinton, Ohio, yere destroyed, by . flrci the las t' 1 week .in, December. .... .Three teams and four men jwero drowned in the river at Omaha on the l52tli inst ; . : St'e--vens.....- . , , , f " -- . -- ' roLif ICAL r Tho Kepubllcari Version of ..tho lato' dim. cultiea in the Xouislana : Lcjriskitnro has been sent to 'Congress. ...'..Strango acts of cruelty ana illegality are reported by a con twn.v 9nh'flnft cAnnnlnmmViW which:,C0Ile8.wUh a knowledgelof ithi hopeless loss of love frora one, beloved.:, ; f If there is a pitiable thing in, all the Lord's creation, it is theleibgl who ' : love. :'::nni'. ; You are a naughty girl, and ' I don't love you!;', were the actual wordsthoughtless, cruel, false words of a mother to her; four year old daughter, whose offense was merely the continued asking of- questions about the pies wlflch were being made, after she bad been told to ba stilly A fcnvmoinenta had passed when the child was discovered, sinking;' down ih a corner of tho room and s'obbinfj as though her little heart was breaking con- cerninghcr troubles, her answer cameAyith a passionate, burst of grief gMy j.iotei; don't LOVErne!,? Did ever mortal lips give utterance to a moro touching expression?.' No wonder the tried ard .tired heart of the mother grew sudi ,'I . denly sore and penitent. Remember mothers, when perchance your own hearts are starving for that great essential stimulus, love, that the undeveloped miuds and hearts of your little ones are most 'impressive and sensitive.', n And as you pray God to supply your wants, withhold not" from your, children' the sweet portion of bounteous love.! f ' When husbands and wives love each other as they should do, when parents love their children according' to the; pattern set by the great Elohlm, and brothers, 'and sisters, relatives friends and neighbors love as they have all been commanded of God; then will , universal peace wprfl . , existsT-withon- t C - ; . v : . thing that the true Morman man holds to be a duty. And we have no occasion to complain of the - worthy-rsonoreaaiseSMpj-ae ; i diityton-tb- nonper-frafmanceof-t- partof any gen-t'oa- hat n J , upon our "listof; friends. If every woman in'the United States could thus speak truthfully,; there would be no necessity for Woman Suffrage meetings beingiheld all oyer the country. Instead of spending precious time to establish the great truth that woman's voice as well as man's should be'; heard in all matters of public interest, In as inueh :as sho must abide the Taws which are made for the public benefit, these women might be employed in gardening 'orlteaching school, 6r any other good arid useful pursuit J 'But the people do not of comprehend It, Jienco the delay and expense 'J ,Vl! time amistrength1;1--I1'. .' But any man of, good sense would say that: in the case of the Sunday School children which we ha,ve exemplified, the brother acted unkind" r ly apd. u tifairlyF We say , not mbrjiT unner-oas- lj or unjustly than do those men who would deny their sisters any iegitimate right c? ; - : 1 A' PROMISE. .If every.1 LattcrtdaySaict mother, and thbso have hopes of . becoming mothers; could rea.ize one important tenet attached to the strict observance of " A Word ' oj Wisdom," given to the Prophet Joseph Smith,' for the benefit of the Saintsl we venture the opinion that a cup Of tea or co iTee br a glass of w ine would tempt, no woman in Zion to violate that law. 7 That to those who remember and keep the "who 