WO MA N'S E X P O NjE N in heart exhorted the sisters to encourage and aid the organizations of Young Ladies' Mutual Improvements Societies, - and to maintain a livelyinterest in such organizations by their presence and counsels alluded to the Jact that many ef the women of Zion were astraywith theu idea that they had no: time to attend meetings, or to giye to the. culture. of their minds, but that their whole being and tinae must be given to - the drudgery of life, preparing foodl&c. What mattered if the dlshjes! should bo Jett unwashed to give time for attendance at som e meeting, nothing would materially, suffer, but good would result; still ; the domestic duties of women should not be neglected. She alsourged the necessity of the sisters making exertions to start the manufacture, of strawinatcrials, woolen goods including hosiery for infants and children's wear, and also tho culture of silk, on which subject she would give place to Sr. Zina D. Young who -then addressed the Sisters. Her remarks were chiefly- - in relation to the establishment of tho Silk Culture, giving an outline of the' habit&of the silk worm, showing that this branch of industry would give la-- I bor to many among us who were being in: part, supported by charity. Our cli. mate was especially adapted; to the business, r and everything was, favorablei fbr profitable -resulte iri tho production; pf it; continued r her remarks to : some, length exhorting the V, sisters to seek to aid their, husbands all in their power inthe dutiespf this life, and in teaching their chUdfeh'the principles of , " ....-- "; v thoGospei. Sister JBarhey, in la 'briefand inted?-'- ; dress exhorted the sisters'ta bo humble; be- - ;; fore God and to helpjbeaoff the burdens oJf' the work with the presidents of their socie ; ties not clogs ' in the wheel butr working7 saints, fulL of suggestions and ideas for the advancement of- - the society and' for the do- ' velopment of the Home Industries of our Uz I Territory; r;,'..- Sr. Brown of Pleasant Grove, made some remarks confirming thoso of the former speakers; after .which Sr. M. X Smoot in lf of the ladies of Provo, expressed her-- ; thanks to Sr. E. R. , Snow and companions for their visit, and hinted that their practi. .: cal remarks would be made available by the sisters of Provo, for tho blessing of them-selve- s and children.,; Dismissed with pray- - ' ; ; or by Prest. A. O. Smoot. V: All present seemed impressed withr the good spirit and the wise counsels of H. Snow and companions, retiring feeling well repaid for the time they had spent. , : : - - . -- - u-r- - 1 1 : ; y-- be-ha- ? 1 i al - . ; . t ? " -- : t;; by-w-ay: " , - ; '. . .' Gospel.:,; : . 5 ': " :.,;.," " ; .'L : ; -- f .V" ! ! , A. T. :; r belief So. eietyof Payson City June J 8, "1 875 : There were present on. the . stand beside local authorities Sisters Zina D. Young and Elvira Barney of Salt Lako City, and the President and Counselors of the Snring-yili- o Belicjfocie'ty j ent Mrs. B.! J. Simons introduced Sr. Bar- . iTtWrt Jt J tl j Alter the usual opening exercises PresiX .1 J. - - Huupucueuuu 10 auures3 me meeting. Sho deprecated thoidea of our sisters strangers who come into our midst, aittT said many are4 by this means Jed away, xipt only from homo aiid- friends but from theXfold; of Christ and become : - Mathers should look tp this, and carefully guard their daughters from danger, exhorted thVsisters to live their religion and to bo united with the.priest-nooIntroduced the ubject of sericulture and . related , what theaters of Salt: ake were trying to accompiishin this dircc--o"v-- a J asso-cmtingxv- ith - cast-away- s. d. u. Denounced novel lnadp give . :. r , .! ...r, ;;;; TESSAY? Oi PHAYER. :: .. ; ' ? .m t .;,4 : ; -- iiryjx : c I i aaJ. sWbat ;is prayer? rWhat is cthQ?uso; p( -praying?. . What good does it do us?. ( Theso ; are, no doubt, a Jew of the questions which .. presents themspivqs! to; thej'mlnds of my, young sisters; iwhfin they kijeelidown and, pray beforfl going to, bed. 5NoW.in;ojrdei:.to da right ana: De- Mppy, it iSLnpcessary, that we should pray,- for ; our Father in iheaven likes to havprus :think jof Him, and .he i3 very much pleased when He sees Uttlo girls " kneel down and ask Him to bless them; Ho loves them and- wants to, bless them, all the. time if ihey will only ask Hinibut if they; dont pray He. thinks they dp nQ;caro.anyh thing: about Him,- jand; hoiis grbvedr aud, withholds Hist blessings from them. .Prayer serves tokeep open, tho channel of cbmm between us;and.theheavens,'therc? fore, my young . sisters, let .us never: forget , our prayers, and wo will flnd tho more ; wo ; pray, tho more we will lovo itj but if we miss saying . our prayers ono day,. tho. . next; day wo feel' less inclined and it seems harder for. us to do so, ;Wo aro surrounded by evil spirits and influences, and it requires an exertion on our part, at all .times, to overcomej them, and bej ng : weak ot.our-selvewro cannot do. so without tho help of our Father in heaven, f We should not xmiy pray in the morning and at night, but we. should pray in our hearts, all the day long,, that our hearts may always be turned towards God. Let the praise and gratitude of our heartsascend unto tho Lord by day. and by; nightj that-th- e channel may be and iis and our . road tho between kept open, heavenly Father may always W broken, that we may tiavp constant access untb Him, and in doing thi3 we shall eycr feel. a glad and happy spirit, and wq shall eventually bo numbered vith thovwiso virgins' spoken of in tho Bible. Mrs Jane E. Van Tassell; 1 1st mrd, Salt Lake City. -- " ' -- ; i - - - -- : ; ; ; s; . i U-:- r--M ; -- GOLDEN ' WORDS. : The habit of lookiner on tho brirrht sidn is invaluable, 3Ien and women1 wlio aro" evcr-mor- o ; cckoninRwhatHhTwant,; rather ..: ; CoorER's Institute has held this season its twenty-firanniversary of tho laying of corner the stone; Peter Cooper its founder, whoso ago is eighty-si- x years was upon the platform surrounded by admiring friends and a crowd of pupils. The original cost of ; - tho3uildingwhenconveyedtothoJrus.. : 'a . st , ,; statement of the . number of missionaries and converts in Japan as follows: : , Greek Church, I missionary, 3,000 , converts; ' Ito-- ; man Catholic, '40 ' missionaries, 20,000 con verts Protestants; 70 missionaries, 200,000 converts.- Minu tea of a Meeting of. tho D FIGUKES, Investigations recently' i ;''' ,Mary Ann HAium Secy;;: FACTS -- - ? 5 , ters should attend their society meeting,and patronize the. Sunday Scho.v;,tvhuiJ;:;r' 6r, ZinaD.- - Young said the mission before the sisters now was Home Industries. The authorities of; the hurchwere; anx-;- j ious to. sea the people a dopt measures to sustain themselves, and they required the sisters to lead; out in every direction possible for the attainment of that end. , They can make their; pwn hat.-- , their chiidrens, and husbands and therefore i save that .expense every year; Sericulture was an important item and should i recei ve; our most "earnest attention. -- We: would find t bat this was the easiest r way possible tor us to produce our clothing. We should set our mulberry trees in abundance and every family God requires us to go to making silk. adorn our bodies with the workmanship of our own hands, "and we should set about it in earnest. The speaker alluded to "PI Marriage; said it was the only way, into the Celestial Kingdom. Wo may expect to meet with trials by tho. way, these are necessary for our purification and we must learn to bear them patiently and" iiever try to slide from under them and throw , them aside. In choosing husbands, select men of4 ' intelligence men of faith, men of God; and thus secure to yourselves . partners that , will be worthy 'of you.- -; r,t t) President Mrs. B. J. . Simons hoped, the ' u sisterst, would treasure up what they had;' heard and profit by it,' she then jead a : piece of poetry entitled "A' Welcome! to the Sisters from Salt Lake City.";;:: ;;v Coombs made a fov remarks V Bro.J. M. of encouragement to tho sisters in their labor of love. ;V J.rJv: ".:T?J I' Counselor Mrsl Agnes Dougliis addressed mo meeiiug jor a- wv miuuws encouraging , the sisters to persevere and bo .blessed. I The meeting was a very pleasant one and will longbe remembered by those who at-.- " " tended it. .,.,;.; .' T iii' the sister .Very Respectfully your : -- ? said the sis- -' ExporENT'nd "Instructor, ! to-d- ay ed by female operators, from $30 to $70 per month. This excellent institution has a corps of about 20 Professors and an expense of $54,446,13 yearly. U ' Organized classes 1 numbered tho past term" 2,78 pupils. in the highest degree pernicious and evil in its tendency,, exhorted all to patronize - tho V , 27 tees was $630,000. The aggregate i receipts to Jan. 1875 have been $372,291,27. The, average of. daily attendanco is 2,000 persons. The " newspapers on file (daily and weekly) are over 300. The library compri ses 10,000 volumes. Tho Freo ; Art School for women has admitted during tho last year 200 pupils, 118 for drawing and 82 for photography. During tho last four months 1,724 have earned honors in this"clas3. One pupil from the drawing class is now earning $150 per month. The; Free School for Wood Engraving with a class of 30 pupils, have received '$910,20 for vork while yet in school. The Free School of Telegraphy for women number 47. Average wages earn tban what; theyha vebunting: tho difli-- ; culties in ' the' way, instead; of contriving means to oyercbmo : thera aro almost certain to live on corn bread, fat pork and salt fish, and sink to unmarked graves. The world is' sura to smile upon a man who seems to bo successful, .but let him go about with a crestfallen air, n.n l tho very dogs in the street wiirsctupon liimj , We must all .havalosses.iXato frosts rtvill:. nip:: thofruiJ in tho bud, banks will break, investments will provo worthless, .valuable horses will die and china vases will break,' but all tbee calamities do hot come together. The wise "course to pursue, when ono plan fails, is to form another; when one prop is knocked from under us, to- fill its place with a substitute, and evermore count what is left rather than what is taken. , When the final : reckoning, is made, if that we itappears have not lost the consciousness of our internal rectitude; if. we have kept charity toward all men; if by the various discipline of life, we have-Veefreed, from follies and confirmed in virtues, whatever 5ve havo lost, the great balance sheet will bo in our favor. - n 