WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 120 -- more pork to cat with this potato?" DIVERSIONS. A , For Cheap Millinery and Notions, lit tle GO TO Women do not talk more than men; they than I wanted; let me trouble you for a little ..' more potato to eat with the pork." A short are listened to more, that's all. time after: "Well, I declare, I've got some Mrs. C. E. !t;u t. t,.... mvia mxu w uu more iu iiav n-. it,. to. potato left, and it seems a pity 19 East Temple Street. you We are told nothing was made in vain: Please." It ran on so for some time. At She has always on hand a large variety of but how about a fashionable girl? Isn't she length the landlord stopped short in front of his guest and remarked: "Look here, stran-- 1 ladies, misses & children's iiats & bonnets , maiden vain. I . 4 trer. 'tain't no use. I'm willing to do any-- , w V- ALi iuiuiv X- - J- r D-YE'- Of the Latest Style - "wv to come out even, but I've made up my mind, the way you eat, it can't be did? Some of the people of Leavenworth, Kan1 You're bound to lap over one or the other the name o every time. Now, just make up your mind sas, are so lazy "that they write ' I wh ich the place. "1 1 worth." you'd ra th erIeave,and leave it and ; ana potatoes, quit, rve got enougn-porToOIh thouhtof - 1 S, GItc her a call, she trill be. sure to please you. :' ; ' EVERY K IOne rsyene on ine hull a yachtjhether day spelled it ou t slowly, and then exclaimed, "Well," if that ain't the durndest way to spell fish'" SCRIPT I ON or CLOTHING, B00TS7SH0ES, Qldtilers .owxug seeiug uie name oi : D E GENERAL DRY GOODS. oiT FLOWERS. -- 1 SpcdalfnZjGtoves janJimeade Socks. : ; Large. Assortment of ; . can change you by you, keep Sentimental arithmetic calculates thus: ormena, nut voras once CONEY" FURS, CAPE AND MUFF, $3.50. spoKen you can Two glances make one look; two looks make never recall. one sigh; four sighs make one waltz; three Fiiy Line of LADIES' CORSETS. How mankind troubles be many might waltzes make one palpitation; two palpitaH. E. Phelps, would if only stop to hear each tions make one call; two calls mako one at spared they 29 East Tjcmpub Stbisxs, others explanations. two attentions one fool make tention; (sometimes two); two fools make one; flirtation: The discovery of what is true, and the H. D I N WO O D E Y one flirtation plus two bouquets equal to one practice of what is good are the two most A engagement, equal to one marriage. important objects of life. Wholesale Ketail Furniture Dealer. ' ""-''-- ' V Man isnaturally fond of activity, yet he When Mr Wilberforce, the great anti Largest Assortment la Utah. slavery advocate, vas once a candidate for "as persuaded himself that he loves noth He ba& removed his Furniture from Main St.to his three " Parliamentary honors, his sister, an amiable in so much as taking his ease. storey Brick tore rt tit! 4 u e UUK CORNER. He who studies for a good purpose, to FIEST SOUTH ST., 5 BLOCK WEST OF iUUf c?mpu, 3 Ul nim nis becomes a blessing; to him who voted V. her brother, on who doesstudy it not, grows a poison, which she was saluted with the crv of iiMic. When we see a young man who spends JJ WALLACE Wilberforce forever!" when she 'pleasantly c Cdlua a muuuuu iu suspect" mat Uas the best, largest and purest stock of cod fee- uuaerveu, x inanK you, gentlemen. but 1 -c01 . withyottrfor-4ealiydo-not"e spends. i5L?21? annot'agree.?ar5 in Salt Lake city. Just the place for ladies wish to be Miss Wilberforce forever." He who goes too"near lin to. da,may fall tjonary to purchase. A minister was once preaching abut mto Prudence will not and, to show the absurdity of S wed- - ways venture to the brink of innocence. graphie-pietureenborg'srideasrdr CLUB RATES. the Swedengorgian heaven, with its beautl- - there is a fountain of which will " good, fields, fine horses, cows and pretty wo- - ways flow, provided thou diggest for it. Determined that nothing"hall be ifeanting on the part ItO I 0 mrYK.ni Ma iVa au of the I, is iiuuooiuiD lux uif us i jpiease of the Fubiishere,aid to' increase the circulation contem senption, one of the sisters went into rap- the and in promoting objects one. But if we were all inclined to Exponent iures, ana snoutea, ' uiory, glory, glory!" every as H in its inakiDg truly an expo by publication, much sunshine' for each other as plated This so disconcerted the preacher that he make women of nent of the tiews of the Utah, eustained by paused, when an elder cried out. to the the kind and beneficent Father has given them, read by them, and its columns enriched, frith a us all power to do, there need be no dark-nes- s shouter: "Hold pn there, sister! " ridely circulated expression of their thoughts, Tre offer you're of duration in heart. over long the wrong heaven V1 any shouting the following liberal terms to clubs for the present toI- In Cooperstown they tell a story of an 1 year with a copy to the getter tip of English joker who once visited Fenimnrp ucwcunaxji it; us us 01 an insect seen 10 copicc; "' - ' 13 00 club. the with the microscope, of which twenty-sev- Cooper. One day, while Mr. Coon a r v 15 copies, 1 year, with a ccpy to the getter up of dining with the Englishman, he poured out en million3 only equal a mite. Insects of 26 00 ." the club, some native wine wine from grapes raised variou3 kInd;3 may be seen in the cavities 20 1 year, ith a copy to the getter up of topics, mIn a of in his own garden. Taking up a of framed ttccl cneraying I2x 16 sand and Mold .is the a g forest of club, glass and luchesr of President Brigham Young, selling through it with pride, Cooper re- - tiful tree3 with the branches, leaves and - '' 00 butterflies are fully feathered, 50 price, 1$2.50 with a marked: Now Mr. Stebbens, I call this good fruit' copy to the getter up of copies, year, Hairs aro hollow honest wine. Yes, Mr Cooper, I tubes. The surface our a first proof steel cn of and the club, superior agree with handis Cove'red with scales like a fish; a craringof President Brigham Young, you. It is honest wine poor but honest ' 43 00 t4! ; : oinely framed, telling price k u gram 01 8ana wouia cover one hun- on telling his "Injun" sto- jut. uooper- went , Clat can be ' commenced at any time, and additions area ana nfty of these scales and vpta spji1 nes. covers five hundred pores. Through these can U made after the firet list of names has been sent. Several year3 ago, when Mis3 Anna mrrow Getters up of clubs ihould notify us of their Intentions the sweat forces openings like itself, . Dickinson was about to lecture in a Western . so that we can credit them with all names sent in. il a wuiur seive.' The mrougn mites make . .1 turn., mu "neman Wlio was to introduce ft In all cases gke the name and residence of each of her to the audience asked what was her drop 3lePs,a,secouaplainly and correctly written, with the time WOrld.of anima'ed when each Ject and she replied, -- Jeann . it, subscription is to commence and whether for V dcidrs, swimming with as much liberty as a whdla or half roso J .. year. Shales in the sea. Each leaf hasa colony What you ' , : ' - 1 , 7 ".''. '.' r hZL J; ' - ' " CO-O- P. 1 : ' . to-morr- ow. al-heav- en, Gf al-f- ul - -- 1 . -- f . , ' ' . beau-lookin- . ; 4 ! -' -- A 1 maSel7'' &J 'tit Sunf 7 w y To 1 A sub-scrib- ei, . .ch t",0 . o ,f Anscct3 Mko cows at the risk Money can be remitted by registered letter toa ef the publishers. I . ,, ' as mo ardent icuiuujuereu friend SobecriUrs dcslrlsff of the late lamented Lincoln, and who will Ir is estimated that the French QovernmJ instruct you this evening in regard to that ment loses $GO,000 a year for its revenue in vwri mufeinou man and no ln tvifrmt t Tirt-vi""',v..j.vu". ti ll a 1 iV r K. i "Landlord," . cv-iua- u said a transient guest at a UlYUU, as of his dinner, -- won-t no etZ nr f roa you - - u n i . evLiLii in . .1 iiii . ,u"e. . 0"v . " ...li...l ', 4V7 ' v , P.;?i mi U' 1 1 us uougm is . - ih 11 i WdMi- - PV ... VKXT I nlf'1" ' f4,3rablr to the notice of . haa now bought otW.U. i n L' Wg their on ai a uscruiness. . the address changea from one , " non-subscribe- f0"Cr' .".".v 't' rs " , ana maaceo to iucrca.c .U clreoU- - 