WOMAN'S EXPONENT. visit Keligibn .1 tecbmea less,.' ab"dless4'. distinct Part of ihe money no w yearly? spent In breeds physic children education of ologieal training ;and im-prpvi- rig TriiuchTtb settle the would, indirectly questions of the duty of individuals to the--. f fhesexei" arid of woman's 5 coucationiqr .? spher&tf cal and ? i has hygienic discussion which r : bceiii naoguiated,ihave !appeared Sex in i ing of a Brain,'?- and "The, Education of .Amerin;giltff Sexthehas been the stum-b-ling blbekAblylhas 6ubjecUeenjiandru led on;botb isides, audi put: :PXi the cobat comes the fact thalUAmericjanse becoming sensible of physical and mental defects in American men and woj fore has been mainly a mutual admiration. s Which, happen to iwomebin all -- same &herf surrpuiidihgf & 1 the the company animated and social; everything was conducive to'pleasuro and. enjoyment. Generous supplies of cake, ice cream and i refreshments suitable :td the occasion were served on the 'steamer t After j re r maining out about hn hour, the steamer anchored again at tho pier, where it wasr pro-in posed the boat should bo? honor of the distinguished Delegate, ,; he being ' the first Member of Congress ; Who had honored the boat by his i prose nee. Accordingly, the owner of tho' boat, Mr. John W. Young, proposed that Mrs. Horace S. Eldridge , being I (ha eldest I lady , present should break a bottle of. champagne'! and amid'loud 'cheers, the gallant little .steamer received the name of lGeu. GarfieId.,, Mr. John W; Young then suggested three cheers In honor of Mayor Wells; and three iri hoii-o- r bf his Excellency Govv Axtel.:. , " The parry was one highly enjoyable, and all with orier accord' pronounced it a complete success. On the. "way homcr a committee was appointed to arrangd another i trip ;for the next morning, to go - on train to Proves i GenN; Kimball and) Di. J. Pi Taggart formed the committee. According to the programme arranged,' , the pleasure rsirty went South on the? morning train,' arid reaching Provo the party visited tho factorips, andr other places of interest and returned homo abou t one o clocks In the afternoon the Gen. visited the: inbst no- table places in tho city, called upon Presi dent Young, and visited the theatre in the evening. Sunday, Gen. Garfield, in with : jijs Excellency Goy. ! Axte 1 atV tended tho meeting in tho Tabernacle. T " of thoi-Southcr- n - : hnf fnnAflnMfnrl f Viav will Ki trYifnn less prudery and'mbrc real!inodc3ty.:,,iir m its "of TllO'ofki must 'her naturei "But ti "Jfi rri - . - she fot-';this;','- fn rlfsf i enjoy twice as much ln iragranco as in ideal and the actual; between woman's- - nature, as God designed: it, and her natufci as long years of hereditary pin and disease and . com-pan- y eat-- 5 vided to give ua pleasure in sweet sounds of music, :tho joyous.langauga of ibkds, and dear voices in converse! with ourfciends? Bo uch pdople catp. to knowithatltho :as-- ; ! sociation withitho.beautiful iri nature; .with flowers, dellghtfui i plants; sweet tsoothing: musieV together with the influence dt good " women are: the great 'powers that smooth; the rough ness, 1 gi vol tas te, j polish 'finish and refinement to otherwise coarse, : selfish! : , ; and uncongenial natures, and cause the dis tinctivo lino between mankind : and the 'AU ? I lower animals. I ; We think it just as necessary for our com-- . : - and Ipngovity' hereon earth to have, ready for our enjoyment the, beautiful, lovely, and'soothing in, nature; as food, niiment andjetccteras that ! makaupydomestiCirequirenientSi Wo! plant flowers, l nurse thera, and care for them because we lovo their beauty, their fragrance their soothingy Softening influence; their moral and: refining tendencies, i . Children; should bo taughti;to. love, and cultivate .them, the types of purity,; inno cenco and heaven. And I they will ho bet, ter than those who have no taste, for flowers. Mothers see to it, teach .your; boys i while love, then to plant they are with you, first to ' nurse and flowers, and when; they go t out alone Tiplo the' world j'therp4;vnibo a Jdccp lasting rem embrace; of a home, a; mother and lovely flowers that will bo a restraint to keep tnem from many an!; eyiU, 'Yes' make home beautifutand ;cnticing, and the child- ' ' ren' will love, cherish" arid lorig fof it. ' " i(brt,Vwell-beingusefulne- s3 '. . ; ditions ; I - n! a f That: wo have two Organs of smell, arid may re-christe-ned i .;;i ;i:b amount; of thlnirs:a)f:beautyiwhrchiarea! f u-- be beirun early In life, and tho' mind !of tho' recognition of girl xnusf "b'ci braced ; by-- created with two eyes, and but one mouth, andi thereforet) should h have tivice .thei I ! las iwiPi Sage-frotm::Ciifornia- 1 - jearri'thp d il, The entire company was very; select, and occupied lj?even cars : well: fiUed.f; Clinton's landingHvas reached before four (o'clock"? soon after neaiJy all the party went on board the; steamer and sailed away towards Church Island. The Lake wrisf unusually quiet,' th'e3sea breezb fresh and exhilarating, ' iri all'thpso.relalioh3,; to Eraersonand'-- ceUency-GbAiteli'VFustfce- Snarpiiarid ;of : were nearly all acepmrxin ied thy t hid fes Among the'strangefs Svefe Hr.: arid Mrs.' Lf.. : phical brganikatidiiin 'Strong mental influence- or will, may force ia feeble body ;into unnatural vigofous work, lor an uncertain? time.; . A powerful? bodily' vigor may carry for a season, aifeebl current .might: intellect, as strong bear a frail, badly equippedvesseli upon, jts waters, only, to be shipwrecked.when opposition presented itself, oritrepgthto meet emergencies became a necessity., Brain work demands gCK)diealthy: blood, and this can only come from food that is nu-- ( tritious, and that then stomaclifcan; digest,, yet this fact is unknown, to or unheeded byy - cn-:- vM'i'iH many.; ; iAs bearing upon the. question of f inched ," cation of the sexes the folio wi fiaeti from the essays of: the various female contributors to the ."Education of American To us, as women, as wives, mothers, as older sisters, as friends, as. teachers," as alone, college girls, as school girls, and to U3 ' of the lias at the settlement last question Kweli-kripw- arrival Among the invited guests were his ijx n-c- m - f the .delighful; cdnversa Witli' nature, wero only the needless sunerfluities ' of j4i r Dd such people ever recollect that we are mUitorlLViaybrn OannonIIlder Qrson2 Pratt ErastusSnowj JohnW. Ypuhg,MMusser B the Common Cou members effect? will bo the7 eduSdj'th'tuitn1 'mind the difference in same, 7 bearing-;- his- beauty lovIiriessptereT onlyaslthough firieriienti-an- ! Vollum, and several other officers civil and wjtij:; identical ' hwiur-o- jQreHafeSecretarylB the - various a boy .arid' fjirt'of equal health, City-Councilive- ntf, Pointjwasrranged in : AVo man life were made up of dollars and cents Astho'ugItourljmissibn;'herex.was;Itd.col-- ; : v haibeeamadogtae . lelegateCah- -' DnbVaoryells, f and other prominent citizens of Salt jlake and the;membsthb to Ogden tofwelcbme him.; :f In theL afteN; ribbpa wmpllmeritary excursiort tbIiko r - Sexis so enyelopedin thof Questions of inheritance, longevity 'Wd fiisoasemdlit , - -- EiceJiencyGby. -- ; Edacation?S .Given- - His2 have many and many a ticae, been asked by otherwise intelligent people, when lookincr over the erarden of floral lovliness "Doeslhis;pay?' and fhbwrcan you afford to spetfd so much iimo and ;money-or- i: jyour r : from; Ohio,reached our city on his way East from Oallforniaj1 Friday morn ing,i June J ; garfield; Gen." Ji A.' Garfield 'member4' otCfongress : i governlnent,rsod ' of-ge- n 11 , : . 1 ; :r .'; -- rrjnA: i TfiiBUTE Tp a 3iQTiio;.--hiidre, iook. in thoseieyes, listen to that dear voiced no tice the foeling of even aKingiotoucli, that is bestowed upon you by that gentle hand! Make much of it while yet you have that most precious of all gift?! a loyipgmbthcr Head the unfathomable; Hyo of those, eyes, the kind anxictypf that tone and lobkj howj ever plight your r pain.; In rafter life Lyou mayi have friends, fond dcar, friends; but' never will you hayo a ga iri the inex pressiblb love and gentleness lavished r upon you which none but a mother bestows. pftcri do J sigh iq my struggles with , tho dark, uncaring. world, for the deep sweet security I felt whpn,' of an evening, nestling in her bosom, Xlistened to some quiet talc, suitable to ?ny age, read in her tender and untiring-voicNever can I forget her sweet glances cast upon mo when I appeared asleep; never her. kiss of peace at night . Years hayo passed away since wo laid her beside and still my father in tho old church-yard- ; her voice whispers from the grave, and her eye watches over uicj as I visit spot3 long since liallowcd to thp memory of my motli n, - r FLORAL-IIINTS- . , -DEAr. very mueli to iearn the how, even if we can never solve :tho why. V. . : 7 tot 3Iind and, body depend strength,'. ..upoif each otnbr; health is. largely the result; cf physiological education br the" observance of Natnrcs la wsV usefulness An any sphere' is besi attained through healthy Jives. ' "r ; ? . , 1 An , economical farmer's daughter in Massachusetts put off her wedding, day.be- - causo eggs were up to forty cents a dozen, it taking two dozen for the wedding cakes and pudding. ; ' " v ,.V :St. (jj6iiGliMay,27, ExroNrNT; . s l87o.v-- ' ' Trees, 'vines and 'plan ts , arc , now in their brightest glorjVol, verdure", and" bloom of .beauty and fragrance.; And it is delightful in the early cvenirig of a day when Sci lias avyakene'd the dormant mercury arid sen t it bouhdiri": up to 00 arid over, to trace the garden walks, bordered with thousand-hue- d liowers to breathe their .delicious odors which calm the nerves and cause us to .forget corroding care, and allays the irritation from disappoiuluieuts or" the amioyaiiccs of peruas and circumstance'? around uk -- . ? . e. : er. Lord Hacmili.v " 