W OMAN'S E XPONENT. 156 SPLINTERS. And still it is necessary that they become more and more in earnest in striving to, do the- will of the Lord on earth as it is done in hear ORDINARY- - PEOPLE. j Very often wo do not sufficiently appreci that truth may triumph and the enemies o We are The amount of freight shipped over the ate the ordinary type of character. which is en, V underrate a character righteousness may be overthrown. Utih Central and Utah Southern Railroads prone tobold and striking traits, uenius, du ring tho month of February was 37,525, without we es 553 Dounds...... Jean Clara Walters, as ua eccentric, unstable, impracticable, TO THE SISTERS. teem above those substantial, mille," on the occasion of her benefit drew tho best house Salt Lake theatre goers have qualities, which we call "talents," and The XJtah 1003013 for February, con- - r success. Those moral witnessed for some time......Tho interior of which achieve real apparent and tains an excellent article on "Important Home tho post office, last week, received a new characteristics which are most from nortions of it the ster Industries." We drawattention coat of paint Reports or the eaDoain demonstrative, worth which reveals itself which treat of some of those branches in which Schools of the different Wards In this city ling, genuine ladies are more particularly interested. show that an increasing interest is being onlv on better acquaintance . As Everett the "The varied soil and climate of our Territorv awakened both among teachers and schol- - said of Washington, to depreciate a man be us opportunity above all other states ars......Tho "Beaver Enterpnso" which has cause his character has only that harmonious give to produce all we need, besides" been sent to its subscribers for some time on completeness which presents no bold and very Jmany luxuries we canreally well do without inequalities, is iik nnding Aside from tne ordinary varieties of rrain. only, hopes its troubles in get conspicuousa circle because it has no salient vegetables and fruits that growiabundantly and fault with ting paper are over, and promises lis patrons forgetting that the very generally through ? all our "valleys, there are r The editor of the "Utah points better supplies of a circle demands that every many specialities that might be taken hold of Pomologist" informs his friends that he has perfection curvo public and iudividual advantage, shall be from with great discovered another new plant in Dixie. . point in its thousands and soon millions of our saving its center. from money going abroad to furnish the goods personal. well-balanc- ed re-publ- ish and-territor- ies .. : half-shee- ts or-ang- les, ( equi-dista- Mrs. Yoshida at Washington,iJatelyre-ceive- d nt EXPONENT. WOMAN'S THE a visit from Miss YamagawaNagai, and Mi3s Shinge Sutematsu, two young JapI. GREEXE RICUARDS, Editor. anese ladies.. ...Mrs. J. M. Osgood, a favorCOREEIA H. IIORXE, Business SXanager. ite soprano of Boston, has gone to Europe to take lessons in music. Bishop Sharp, of In Salt Lake City, Utah. the 20th Ward of this city, has been elected Pabllshed $2.00-- one copy six months. one One Terms: year, copy a director of the U. P. R. R. Company for tne price 01 nioe. Aarerusing $1.00. Ten Charles Sprague, the venerable banker poet rates: Eachcopies square,, ten lines or nonpareil apace, one Ime, 12.00; per month, $3.00. A liberal discount to recently died in Boston, aged 83 years......" rejrnlar adrertisers. Bismarck, at the request of the Emperor, Exponent Office, on West Temple St.. near First South will take a sir months' vacation...... Fred St, opposite City Market place. Business honrs from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. on inesaays ana oatnraajs. Douglass is stumping New Hampshire in commnnicauons to Patti and Nils-so- n Address all Dimness of the Republicans Publishers Woman's Expoxext, . Salt Lake City, Utah. are both in their thirty second year...... Governor Bedlo of New Jersey has nominated Manning M. Knapp of Bergen County, SALT LAKE CITY, MARCH 15, 1875. as his own successor on the Supreme Court - Bench...;. .Ellen B. Kingsley, of - Olathe, IN EARNEST. Kansas, has been invited to address tne State Legislature, on the industrial educa uon oi women. Fortunes, both of time and money, may be spent in selecting and collecting books. The we may better supply to ourselves. No wb we will name some or the industries that might. and ought to be, developed by our citizens, and not only iurmsn ourselves, due also our neigh boring states and territories with many neces saries we are now importing, and thus unneces sarily draining our country of what little money may be afloat, f SUGAR. semi-monthl- y, bo-ha- lf works of renowned-historian- s, scientists, doc Boston has one hundred and seventy-fiv- e and theologians, male and one thousand," six x female tors, naturalists, philosophers and artists poets may be teachers. .....Congress has passed a bill to and of all the great most complete library fo&ned. check the importation of Asiatic women gathered, and a that amount? ......It is believed that tho cold weather has But. to what will all one to be the owner of a What will it profit entirely destroyed the fruit crop of Michigan. .....Kansas contains tnree thousand, five thousand precious volumes, who cares not to hundred and forty thrco school houses ; familiarize and enrich the mind wi th the truths three hundred and ninety-nin- o of them which they contain? Not so much as the pos session of a single volume will the careful stu havo been built the past year. dent ' who becomes thoroughly acquainted with ty-sl- if.-- . "AS THE TWIG IS BENT." Or even if the mind should be stored with great treasures of wisdom, what benefit can be We often hear mothers wondering why realized therefrom, what reward met for all the their daughters are so indolent, or ignorant time and frpent, pains taken, except the inforof household matters, or so careless in their mation is gained applied to practical use? ; habits. They complain, and scold and fret Laws and notes pertaining to physiology, hy over it, but they make no attempt to teach them any better. Tho iault lies with the giene and longevity may be studied for years mothers themselves; , instead of training without the slightest beneficial result, if the their girls to habits of industiy and neat- knowledge received be not utilized. AVhilb a to proper account, may ness, instead ot instructing them in house- week's reading, if put hold ways, they have allowed them to grow accomplish a vast deal of good. The same rule applies to all other acquire up without any training at all. Girls are not going to learn these things themselves; ments. Wealth may be amassed, but if not they mu3t be taught from the time they used to adorn and beautify, to enliven and make are old enough to know how to be neat and happy,? it were as well that it be scattered industrious. Train them carefully in house- broadcast as placed in an unserviceable, graco-les- s hold ways; teach them how to mako pudheap. For many years the Latter-da- y Saints have dings, and cakes, and pickles, and show them how to bo tidy about a had the privilege of being instructed In the house Jiow to do every thing in Jthe neatest ways of eternal life and salvation. The honest, manner. Teach them both by precept and the pure, the sincere among them, those who example; it is worth the trouble; for, in- have been earnest in seeking to learn, realize stead of having drones and slatterns about that their labors have In no wise been in' vain. d and useful They have treasured up wisdom for you, you will havo practical helps. i -- "; preserves: .well-traine- purposes. ' J, y TIia crAftl fttnnle of siicrar talrps frnrn nnr ter ' ritory annually nearly a hundred thousand dolHere in the South we have soil and cli- mfttfi fnr sntmr f.anfr and t.hftrft fs tin rnnntnr in the world better adapted to the growth of Let the sugar beets than Utah generally. amount expended one year for sugar be invested in machinery and bet the people to raising cane and sugar beets and this great drainage is stopped. lars. -- . ROPES, CORDAGE, BAGGING AND CLOTH. 1 , ; Throuerhout'the territorv several 'textile nlants grow well, and here in the South all varieties -flourish abundantly. Hemp, flax, cotton, tam-picramie may be grown here, and jute and or the staple these furnish ail our ropes, cord age, bagging, grain sacks, warps for carpets and summer clothing; and with wool, and mohair from the Angora and Thibet goats, and silK, adorn ourselves in the finest fabrics ever cut from the loom. Wool can be grown as cheap here in the South as in California: and we can- not read of any country where are more healthy or will produce as many crops per , year as in this region. Besides all the above textiles, we have thousands of acres of Yucca on our deserts, which furnish a staple, which, when shipped from Central America, is called 'Tampico," or Sea Grass, makes strong ropes and cords, and is much-use- d for brushes,-an-d even dyed and- braided to ornament the heads of bur wives and daughters, under the name of "Switches." We have a great abundance of water power. and able manufactureres and only need the en- lergy and enterprise of our people stirred up that another hundred thousand, twice told, may be saved at home to assist us to more capital. iii Hi, omer new ministries may ne suarieu. o, silk-wor- ms - -- OILS CASTOR, SWEET AND ESSENTIA The Castor Oil Bean crows here vervlUxu" riantly and so does the Bean from which much the sweet and salad oil of commerce is made. Linseed, as we have said, does well. Sunflow ers are native to this country. All of these make valuable oils, and so does the seed of grapes and cotton, and we have reason to that the Olive may le grown here. Then there are many native plants that yield oil by distilatlon: Cedar, Southernwood, Peppermint, Wormwood, &c Should we create a. supply Tor our own people for the various uses reouired. we might count another twenty-fiv- e thousand dollars saved at home. of be-lie- ve Eri-gero- n, ; FRUIT -- CANNED, DRIED AND PRESERVED. "NY nrtA "will niiAsHnn thfi hich MollpnA nnd flavor of our fruits, and of these in great varie- ty we can raise to any extent There is at least twenty-fiv- e thousand dollars expended everv var for canned fmffc then hnw mnch more for wine, raisins and other dried and pre-- : 