WOMAN'S EXPONENT. 140 FLORAL HINTS. SPLINTERS. LOCAL.' St. Jan. Geo. i 3 1st, 1875. with tho horso and cart ic boy came along, tl j K As crossing. big boys all commenced shout-- 1 they succeeded in doing, much to the annoy- Your flower-lovin- g readers have doubtless ance pit the young driver. He started the poor old hdfs'o again,' when; the boys' shouted with considered our advice about their plants, and find them probably thriving and xuyio viyui luitu uyiuxu, auu mu annum was, doing finely If they are not, let them stir again brought ; to !W''sta,nd Btlll."j :vvteri', the the soil around tho plants and fertilize with perplexed! driver endeavored to persuade it to liquid manure, and once a week; put about a proceed, tho continued shouts of the crowd still teaspoonful of aqua ammonia in tho water kept it .standing Jthereand thus the .offenso iisedfor a' good sized plant;: alsd give Macji was several times repeated., .''J. "' v cause fine 'will a little charcoal, which; pot , Oh! shame, we thought,; what rude, uncivil : be of arid to at color bloom short a filled .more the engagement tress, lately brighter boys! 4 If they, have had good mothers, some Several grana I the Salt Lako Theatre n kl t r vtrifnlri liner tt rnntt Wash-H: If you have seeds to plant, use a little I balls aro announced to take place on warm Li 1 water, with a small amount of spirits o ington's ibirthday. isoak this into it In of tho 4 Camphor inured POLITICAL ."" PB.O YLDENCE- - AK1) DUTY. so a fertilize seeds few hours,i!whichill T 1 them, that even old seeds and almost life Tf thafra great var is oon to commence in People of the world are sometimes impressed will less, grow, lias Andrew Johnson "with what m rn ftfillAfl f'sinfi.Inl ,nrnrtr1pnfpR7' Tint to one desire should beauti have a If any been elected to the alizinffhati"oqrTF4ther6rtJerq: all things; ful vine trailed" in "the indov, let Tthein in a take the tuber of taparticipate in the opperations pot in the usual ' way and vine, plant will1 soon they of his troops in their attacks upon the Carl- Saints, tha t wax-- , ings. Wo are taught as Latter-da-y Usts..'.y.iA coloied Civil Rights league de- -, haVe abundants of the finest glossy, bur course !bf conduct' in a prior existence? mand the passage of a bill admitting negroes like foliage, which will need sticks to wind by on and care to keep it froni: injury, as the public con veyancesr&c 4;; to all schools,-hotels- , young runners are very tenaer and "easily wuicu we uuuu)r liere, auu uy uur cwuiao ui- .....iA;bililias passedthd Senate appropriate broken. Arm'dii'fl hpfAi' Wfi will ha miritlod to certain 'infiL thousand dollars to defray ing twenty-fiv-e If you would have bulbous flowers iii'the sitions hereafter. 'Thbn. as' children of a wise j the expenses of King Kalakaua's visiti..V The Hawaiian reciprocity: treaty; with - the time, your Tulips ;f and Hyacinths 'should Fdtliervvhd 1iavo;been fpfiyiieged to receive Floba;-1- ? Hgh and intelligence from Him, in a greater f United States, is to bo ratified within eigh now be planted. ita degree than many others of His creatures, how teen moHths, and will remain in force seven kit I faithful and diligent should wo bo in the peryears.....:Thero is talk of an extra session of THE WOMAFS EXPONENT. to us formance of every duty that is revealed the present congress. . .... I . TV t Our city beaux and belles are happy now over tho excitement of St 'Valentine's' day Hon. S. B. Axtcll arrived in this city, to take up his abode as Governor of Utah, on Tuesday, the 2nd inst...;.. Sexton Taylor interments for the month reports ifbrty-on- o of January in', ..Presidents Young and Smith : are expected . to bo m this city from bt. I George, on or about the 20th insl,....;.Miss .ri Katherine Rogers, a neat and attractive acr : v DjsJLiiExponest: ; . s - ; - ' . f.' L'ti ; 1 ? : ; .. yTs'?- isl-eprte- d 1 ; ' .. ' ' i 11 personal..... Trnrn !!.' The Emperor.of China is dead and the Empress overcome with grief has commit ted suicide. .....Garibaldi was the recipient of a banquet given by the English and American residents of Rome, on; the 4th has been rates; Each square, ten lines of . nonpareil space, one iMt.....'.Theja time, $2.00; per month, $3.00.' A liberal discount to ' " chosen leader oi the British liberals. . ... , .The regular adtertiBersr ix I': Tca: hih: hV.ri poet Longfellow has been seriously ill...... Exponent Office, on West Temple St., near First South Samuel F. Horsey, Congressman from laino StyoppoEite City Market place. Business hours' froruU to 4 p.m. on Tuesdays and Saturdays; is dead..... .Miss Sanglli, the favorite dancer a.m. ' Address all business communications toi f of Vienna is said to bo fat . . . . . .Miss Dolores Publishers .Vomans. Exoxext Salt Lak(J Qy- tab. ' rmond is the New Austraiian"tfagedF enho....The ;new speaker of the Missouri House of Representatives, Mr. Benton G. SALT LAKE CITY. IEB.7 13, 'ML ''C Boone, is a grandson of Daniel Boone Prince, Philip, Duke of Saxony has married LOCAL STREET SCENES. Princess Louiso of Belgium... ...Prince Bis. marck is suffering from a nervous affection, and is said to have concluded to retire from Some Indian women were walking up the ' street the other day, having m their company public life. f a queer looking little dog. A small boy, with a paper of something in his hand, met them. Last year, one hundred aud seventy-si- x tl lurried about persons died who were connected with the As they passed alongV e dog stage.. ....The Seine has overflowed its banks and started to follow the boy. "Here, go back !' and flooded .the low lands around .Paris...... said the little' fellow gently, as ho turned and Four schooners wero recently blown ashore saw the dog coming after him. " "Go back,, lie in1 the wrong rancisco.;.:..In Pennsylvania the repeated as the do still continued L ' coal mining is generally suspended...... Tho direction. But'ihe ariimal did not r heed him, Canadian canals aro to be deepened. ...;.Len- - and so 'he went back himself, a feyi steps t and P don hasa now musical periodical entitled called lomlly but pleasantly and respectfully "The First Fiddle,,:.....At Ghent Columbia aftor the squaws, directing their attention, to Co., it is reported that the small pox is so tho fact that they were likely to loose their . Prov!c,lt; tIio railway, trains do not stop dog. ,( ..'""' ?uf Africa has been anWell there ii a iK?rfect little gentleman, we there......Darfour, nexed to Egypt.. ....The successor to the thought; and the second thought Chinese throne .has. already been decided most likely, a good and amiable mother. " ' upon. Whenever the dusky red Ekins'f appear in .... a doorway or at the gatet a kindly word and act : ' i' I .. : n9vn I J 1 ,nnnnntrpnrnpT vin inia iv i n rr I- - CJltEEXE RICHARDS Editor. ?' ? s'i dom will enable rus to increase, in that intelli- -. Wenne which comes from God until wo will fi '" l .. , .. t nally, arrive at such a; state of perfection that Published in Salt Lake City,1 jih. we can do His will here on earth, as it is done Terms: One copj oae year, $3.00j lone copy six mouths, tho angels, C. E. 7 $1.09. Ten copies for, the price of nine,. AdTertising in heaven, Iy . I . ; : semi-montLl- ' . --t- i.u y; ? j to- -- Ii 1 rrrrr- ! i ' ; , ; - -- " . . was-rheji- as, -J-J- ;-. it,J - t.j. v.iio uu3 been law for three years in Philadelphia, studying presented her application before tho Board of Lawyers of that city the' other for tho usual examination and admissionday, to the bar. - The board declined to receive her application, as they could find no precedent for it, but promised to. lay the -- waiter before the court. . - should be in readiness for them. If they aro to bo taught, by their mpre intelligent white neighbors, to riso above their present Ignorant and degraded position, no better method ean be adopted than to cxt;nd;gentIenes3 and charity. d A poorly dressed, but appear ing boy was walking beside a cart drawn by a very inferior looking beast, on South Temple Street. A crowd of big boys had collected at a good-nature- ' ! . THE STREAM. 110 WING AGAINST. r.. : 1 ; " ,'Tis not 1ii mortais- j to command respect: But TT6H d more," My 6iSTERs,4fwe,Il desero it.' - x. very day those who are stepping forward, in the march of improvement, .with a determination to succeed arid accomplish something creoV itable arid exceeduigly desirable for woman. are made, painfully a by the current of oplinori them from all position which Pours in sides, that they are literally.rowing against the " e, .;-n- yielded the palm .in fa vor of man's superior in- - f ff?!ifTannf linfil if: Ilia n n !ma.1Annvar1 authenticatedand established positivism, VirnVt muUbfo as the laws of the Medes and Persians and, although there have been .here and there, ,of a higher...order. of wo- striking specimens 11 H i 11 ii man s'iawiiieci. xuau tne vet general standard, . . .tuftw aro iooKcu; upon as exceptional tugres- sions.and not as implying any particular talent . ... .t. . ' .....; ' n i .1 or anility " in tnosox itsesiv. i JJecause tlieio are in thin wide Held of labor. .tho$o .who are ndt genuine in their feeling3 and uesires, or laoor unuer mistaken views of what to acconi- they themselves ar4 most . .anxious ' . t uoes 11 prove.'"'' all' are uiat pnsu, or inadequate "" ' I -l ". m ik ...Id 11 ' mno m i nri maun &U bUIIIU lriftiiii'iaiii julo tujd ji Willi ine ((liniii. opposite ?ex " Take thVqueStiori home, gentle-- , men. I appeal to ' ycuSvho labor for ; the advancement of true knowledge; put yourselves in our "places, equalize the thing. Are there not thp.w among you, who arc not genuine co-- , workers for the good 'of .humanity, professions -- to the contrary?" Do they not do more harm than good to your caii?c, even though they are zealous and fired with enthusiasm? And yet you would judge ' us as j a class by a rule, which you would re-- : fuso to have applied to yourselves. : . 1 11'" "Ti"--'- : -. " ii 4o-ri- r ( 1 1 j . 1 . 1 I'M : 1 ' 1 1 ! . . r. "nbtwith-standirigTthei- -- -- . , rr 