i :r . WO MAN'S EX B ONE NT. ! t ; V 1 t r .' e -T ; a t L THEODORE THOMAS AND TIIE iVisDOM is 1 pftchtlra atopp thari;wben we soar. i PUBLIC TAMER : Fifteen hundred bushels of ( onioos wero raised in Sunderland, Mass., last yeatfv :Ci ' J stern gov-- An old man named Atwood died 001 AVehavo spoken of recently !a" ? I firnmnnY nf his orchestra. He plays the nearChesnut, England, j He.iras a bacheior. dcsnot sometimes with the public also, for and rich, but lived very quietly. Ho 'is an apple dumpling o :; a MAKElhe expenses less than the income, he not only teaches; his audience what to atid the road 8 competericyyif n6t to wealth, nke, butheeachesihcm now and then how 35( 0q0 ia this way. 45,000' within" the sto a with mi. toZbchav; inight paT year. He has left more than a million jExphiENC3B;jis. a,.;good,;?schooTmaster, ries of his amusing encounter .with that sterling, and no will. Mr. Atwood is though often pretty, severe; and there ;is pest of tho concertroom. the Public Talker, said to nave made his money principally by A 1,000 note was lying about tho little, danger. of our forgetting.. tho lessons At the Symphony Concerts ho refuses to go glass. as if it had been waste paper. on witlliF V;eriormarico. while there is any room, BiNCE the high hats for Indies camo into disturbance; in the hall. At the Summer fashion, a flying irapezo perfoniiaiico is thjs Garden V E B Y: D ES C RT P T I O N liierc: is more difficulty. ' Conversa ean only thingthht besbenzajaieafre a place. i tion cannot be prohibited iriuch j wlthou tf hindrance; nut wnen J5 passes reasonaoie doudus j.nom- - C L O T.H IN G , BO OT S r S H OES, Miss Anna Dickenson in studying for. the as stops the , inusic, and says, in his quiet GENERAL DRY GOODS. ;, r, HH; fitage, works bravely, ; and will make her way, vvnen mejauies arm guuuexjjt;u nave debut probably as, Joan of Arca character done talking we will eo"on with the concert' Sytciaity in' Olives and IlM&ma&4lkjil for which she has thgreai est iadmiration; airemark whicli; is I Hearty outburst of applause. On r one occa- Large Afisortment of in Upfront seat distinguished FOES, CAPE AND 'iWFF; ?3.?a , . .: ji hadthree.weUideveloped.fu lis zea. hearts, Ho. to. of ladies' rcoia theJIidof a , performanco laughter during aU.united .very heW .Hgaraeut r . The Overture. , ' ". r V - . .' . - ; I. : it v . - t 0Uv...r,-...t'l-i,ra-i-- -- -.v falys JbUoda J . f ! Kei i . rf.l fowl... S f.a I?yl,?uw!..v.. vv8. cbY v summer, Njghfs .Dream. v conductor gave a signal, and suddenly into . ,.K,:vv.i;i - AXNIVEIISITY stUdeht broke the . .... , . ipt ; th t miAa. nf VMwArizziMn'a Rnfh nnd flrAnm v lake Monana; thd other day, when the strains brolje the' loud roil of the7 drum. 1 through n. E. I'Ki.rs, 29 easp - ! J'-WW- 1 1 ."."r"' Dime NovrV liffiratiiVfii are They only raised ; their voices a little and was woll jliustrateiafhe case vof'mroy; the still the rattle of the drum went oru shook not with laughter, until the orchestra boyTmurderer of, ifassach uteris,',. who con- tno esses Jhai hfthirst for blood j wasVacguireiS ndi delighted Wudiehco,4 began,' to ap S' plaud, that the culpiits awoke to; the situa- ,by reading Indian stories, I uuu. . ,. ,;.?,.. , .;f.,-,it,,- ,k. j. xv. Kt. ixussaru; Dcnuuer, The effects of . lt . ...- ' - ivr-xe- , u the advice given by natiticohtalnsi,,;-,was- . , Tcapue sroE3ir o(iDtjt Whqisalb i . : jiuu uuen fvl40 FrjENrruRE ;Dealejj. ' !" ta XJtah. 'T ' Litoit V Largest He has removed his Furniture from Main St.to Ills Uiree .. ;;i 4: ; storey Eribkmor?, ; J V IT LUST H. BLOCK WEST OF; SOUTH ST., H WALLAC1U COKSTE CO-O- P. '.ti ,i Has the best; largest aad purest stock f confectionary in Salt Xake city. Jilat. the place for ladies to pttrchafoL-i'- i tint ; ; . Liac- - AN ANCIENT RELIC. Ing botn liis oWn ian isfatheris'rsighature MOW . -j ... .vs.wu.u V llltU IIU AUW ' YTf ' t vv-6. a Decause gooa manl Homing, dui signeu, n Imea interested in the early history of America, ti 4 askedhinitdJ u! .- Betail & T ' ". ; -K. k-j- .i ! "h-- - " : . IjaATES.! J made an important discoye'ry relaung to the "works Amon the AcpujiTEFEiT currency plate 0f the Mound- Bnilders, the' winains of which are betcrmlned that nothing hall be "ranting on the part V' has hurst, bapk beep forwarded. to, the Uni. so abundant in the Mississippi Vahcy. , Work was of the Fubliihcrs, to increase? the circulation off the 4ea faiaies.becet .bervice Division by the commenced on a large mound about 32 feet in Exroxxxx and aid in promoting the objects contem an expooperative) ofj the ;New: England De- ameter, and 8 feet in length. After four hours' plated in ita publicaUon, by. making It snitalned nent of the ilews of the WpmcK of .tTtah, by .partment.i,! ,Pwipg U Ata .beincr nearly a i enriched with" coto'mns them, icadVbyvthcnc4 and, ,centuryf old, is considered a creat relic bv w firi;nw m - . : di-hi- ef .tp, , ..aa nM.rA T UberalUfmi r.TTwere -and . still are as unmteiligi- - Oe following which A GENTLEMAN While ': walking in his' gar-- characters, n , i Me the thernembersiof pKrty as Sancrit;or 3en;; mhi3?gardener asleep under a 'to vUr two Ahe no tablet is incnes wide, three am - the club. -- is. irce. scolded lum soundly, for his lazi-- 1 JLyl)laa. " - V . iortnepreienxtpii : Hij e );:; to-m- witoU r: v: :.insoa : frard Wwli'ir' WAS-nn- t thesun. "It ho-WrdenDr, - thatTreason eiactlv." "that VI crept - ' Shade;'' ...... iuti 4l,. 4 jj- into "ho - lh' .ppnf.rft"" of thft ' tnn is n rnrinnelxf I' the Club. f),,1., snnonndea what facc. bo by MfopIesljtr.HhEMj!y.toUwtelUrpof, appeare to Tmagtt aad ruamn to the rays of light; beneath, nearly I bottom, bar. an unndit supnorted is .i4W3r. .? by a cross- ;v Driet r 12.50 incicu, A ur; at me mh upper curuer w lue xuna o.a lajcopic, j. jear,rimcopjwi uiscu: I fMrlr: ! Af w m. - . improvemeatr we .wrestle fiercely ,ATithavici0U3habit, Which would .hold upon us if, we asceaded into a . . moral atmo?T)h'prn I r ' Ui,il5Ilua Unansthcr occasion this xlog iound a .n ty-liv- o cent scip in tho :streot, and accord he picked hcr. t? hand nPPr 'wrner u-- Tea . c one resembling recently lost avAC "1U uwco very , .T . v oikvuj; iu hib uuumv xie naa oeen at utrorlc in tho garden, and thought "he might Jave lost it there. Stating as.lnuch, to his iblack.and tan dogr, ho tlirectedi hinx to go for it The dng at , once . Jdft . the room and ; toon returned with tholnissingpocket:book: i.t t In higher chafactCr JWing-the twen- - on his and!carrjed it to rus master. i .Althoughitnp 'he has! had I no . in- 8 aPPcars clearly to , ' f I i. letter Z and beneath this U; next a dagger-shape- d ; - , Wtotlrf&cinl ha up;,. a ; 1:oar moral 1 - - - v 2600 Si'OO v.,, ineciaD,anaanpcnor'nniproo,6ccieahand ; v grarlng of President Brigb&m lotxng', i - i: 43 DO Eomelr framed. elEne price H commenced at any time; 'and additlona bexncaftcr thefirstliatof names haa hcenaent. , Gettep wthatwenlcreditttemwlth- . a uaaea aeau; nen an n f gg .iTC thc nime tna residence df each anb- eiongauon circular character, witn; a aofc la the ber plainly and correcUy? written, with th tlme center ana a conunuea siroxe irom uic upper ie when each aulcription i to comment and whether ior are tour Dais next under tins ii "f.i elongation; crossing awholaorhalf year. rrjsijMo each'othcr at alternate' angles; under this last fig- 'Money can be remitted by registered lcttcat;th risk r.::: : .p'::: ure,' that of a welbformed fish, making fourteen f th pnbllihers. ' olstinct figures in all. The edges are beveled and Subaeriben desiring thef "addreis Changed fhjm Johe relic befound traced. This about eight feet - PottOfSceto another ahould tend- ua thdr former, a was low the surface of thrmoundrand directly under . weffai ttdrew it was found a number of spear .points;, atone axes, ' Territha We tope that agents and Udlcs throughout br hammers, and various othsr relics, including what PrealdenU and Officers of EeUef Socie-tetpeclally tory; appeared to be the remains of human bones. .Two wfii !d na by rettiar uo clabs; by brlnlug the Exbther mounds were opened by the party, ; in which and roirxjrT fatorably to the notice of noirsifbscribers human bones were found, but nowlics as raluatla LthetwiM uslne their inliuene to increase ltacirenla- me one acscriDca. lurungton Uazette. tioa and useiahiasa. vxwaacr, unuer wuicu "vxvicrpii.iaa -- : - :r-ti: " - addriss---'--:::i.'Ui'- :L L. 7 x 