Vol. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, MARCH 3. NOTES AND NEWS. -- jMtexylntiiMQj' Co-operati- the mjgsatismtoryesuUs ve . y , t: i .: 1 -- Miss Bancroft, tho young lady who was recently married to Count Tziecuzksi, has nearest apJean Ingelow has written a now serial now gotto a name which is tho of a sneeze the phonetic spelling proach story entitled "Fated to bo Free." ' that has yet been made. Mary Clemmer Ames says Speaker Blaine MrsI Mary Whitman Eddy wifo of Bea. is brilliant; :Mr3. Blaine impressive. of Fall River, and. widely: Morton Almena II. Bas3 has been appointed known asEddy of Mary Lyon in tho successor the postmisjtressa: Easj: AcrtliN. II.' principaIship:of Mt y Queen yictoria f wontho Jlrst; prize "for died on the Gthult; aged sixty.six years. pigsrat aTedeht attlehow inndph. ; : Drs. Mary E. Speek and Mary S. .Parsons, A g it anddaug hter of Dk Paley has colored graduates "of Howard University; beaten all tho boys at Cambridge in moral having been refused admission to tho medi' r , ; . ; Op one hundred and fifty postmistresses in Pennsylvania, not one, it is said, has ever proved a defaulter to the Government Can all: the postmasters who have served .in any .one of tho States be said to hold as bright a- - claim to :;.h b : 't honesty AJ gentleman who has seen seventy-fou- r -' winters 'writing from Richmond, Massachasetts, says that he ; never before experienced so cold'weather as he has thero this ;winterl aA letterjfrom a lady fin Michigan brijpgr a similar report.; And air through tbV country' almost the; same story i3 told, while in this Territory there has not been a day of intense cold weather during the whole winter. In this respect, for once at least, Utah has certainly been greatly favored. Lady Commissioner. --The following dis-- 1 patch appears in the San Francisco "Chronicle" of the 17th inst: j k r;j, U h. M "Sacramento, 'Febl6H vri;,' I "To-da- y the Governor commissioned 7 Sutherland Commissioner 'ofrBeeds for tho state of California to reside in Salt k :No; 19 , 1875. WOMAN'S RECORD. A Bill In favor of woman suffrage has been defeated in tho Massachuse tta Legis lature. Those Legislators have yet some sterling truths to learnj thouglvjhey; may f bo Yeryjyise t PJboFLE in nearly idtr parts of the world, as the Jlifngto comprehend ihai the. system of labor is calculated to "bring about jiyeli 1 4 science. cal scietyjbfcthei'Dlstrietiian'Organization Miss Gertrude. Pillow, daughter of Gen. chartered by Congress, have petitioned - Congress that the charter of' the society bo Pillow, has shot, a bear near Old Town Land' amended so that they may' not be excluded ihgrArk? ;:.':;'? ;;;;.;;"' "' " ' " ' "u" from it?x : ' Kate King is the Washington corresponMRsrAlice C6oley,!;who recently diod at ' dent of the Cleveland Leader. - Her letters rass.,' a t , tho ago of 100 y ears, Brookfield, .1 ure "about "medium was married on the. first ;day of tho present - - . th year .of her het'hew liouse, where she age, and J resided till Jan 1;:1875, a period of just 75 years, when she died. Sho was a. lady of rare beauty.and saintlincss of character. One of tho girl weavers in the Merchahts Mill, Fall River, iwas la telyl discharged, for beginning! work late whereupon tho other weavers stopped work and would hot 'begin .from again unfit they; extracted a? promise V i looms of overseer r tho that tho Ithe t girl should istaud idle "Until a settlement. wasrar-- " The weavers; then 'continued rived Jat. centuryinTtKeTwen MRS7rBran3bingfon, Xll.iioty&l2Z went to oh ty-f- if her catpremiums,' amounting to $1,150, ' C tle, at tlie Fairi last fall. o 'Miss Thompson: of "Roll Call" : renown has been elected a member of :tho Institute : of Palnterg in Water Uolors. ' Miii Beecher and Mrs. Tilton aro regular attendants at the great Tilton-Beecht rial, " now in progress in Brooklyn. r Lady :Frankiin olfers $10,000 to an y iiic-ti- c explorer who wiU recover .the records and papers of her late husband.- ,!. r : f .". : 'k : Miss Carrie' Clark, daughter of lien ry S. work. Clark Iately- - deceased; has been appointed ' STOUT ENGLISH GIRLS."7 express agent in Northampton, Mass. I&keCiiy. The will of Mrs. Ann White Vose of Bos A corresponden t of th d Hartford " Ti ra cs : Miss Sutherland is the accomplished ton makes the' remarkable bequest i6f $365, writing from a Swiss inn, says t "A few to" 000 oaic oi the f. but of institutionsfhirci .uaKe, tyi public' nerianu, daughter Judge days ago just at dusk; after' a cold rain had The young one oifttie best lawyers inUtahj set in two English ) 'girls and ' their harid. familiarly-known.a1 Mrs; E; Manchester; commissioned a ; also been Notary "Aunt Lizzie' Manchesten" died at Pit 5 Ved. ; j They lady has jfather some; Public 'for Salt Lake county, and is thorough-- 1 !tiricl rihrrm, knd thft hntiil .ivftfl nrilrt town, Rensselaer Co., N. Y; lately,1 aged 105. wma ntrf studthese for having positions; ly qualified and damp, and as. we sat by our blazing firo 1 ied under ' the Judge's tuition; and having Rev. Phebe A.;!;Hanafordj Miss Lelia E. ancLneara tnem so into tneir coia rooms we been of 'great assistance to mm in tne rou- Patridgo and, Be v.; Adda C. i Bowles; have pHleXthem so' muck that wo opened; our tine of his business for some time" past. : We been recently lecturing acceptably in..Phila- - door and invited them to shared our warmth are 'pleased to note' this appreciation of .femand comfort so they came in and :wo "chat inine talent .on the part of two distinguished : The annual ladies1 reception of the Union ted together all the evening. Those two Junction. Goyernors.7-Ogd- en in bflght;7ivslxodk!a'rij'l-League pub 6TNo iis told'chairs and their North had crossed they Mrs. Dunniway of the ."New evening of; Jan. '26th,' and ;was a?pleakabt - Glacier over to Rhonefrom of the with Contends some, that apathy, Meiringen West," on' foot the day before,-througto drimSel crimithe "amounts the women of the day, of of Queen the daughter jEn snow---haEvery'; walked nine miles' down a foot of nal indifference.,i She says, "For women land knows how to . cook and - house, keep tho valley' that'j morning;' and- thehhad who happen to have all their temporary which shows aro not de queens always climbed up all the way from Viesch to the wants supplied to bo totally unmindful of void of sound sense. . r : ,: .,?,;... hotelori foot in the rain that afternoon. V We the condition of their less fortunate sisters, s who must 'struggle,' and that constantly; for ''J Miss Lizzie Hes3, M. D. , who graduated looked at thorn aghast,.and . murmured of in the Medical l)epattmen 0f the Iowa State iTired V.., JQ no,L they biiskly chorused: Z' 1 the means wherewith to sustain the lives themselves and others, is a brand of selfish-- : University, with the' highest honors of her and Indeed they did look most provokingly riess or thoughtlessness which no true wo- class thus far has met with very gratifying fresh and pretty. When wo appeared in :: :; the morning, father (who always comes in ;i;- man should1 bo willing to carry upon her success in practice.5 with a blast 'brow."- The sentiment Is a noble' one, and ; Miss Kancy ' Mbnell pf St Johns gradua- to breakfast from out of doors "he had slept on of cold air much as if may be applied to more subjects thanIn that ted at a medical institute In New York, and th e nearestvery the is now glacier) afanounced that those ::bf woman suffrage: We hold that of a largo hospital English girls started to walk uji to tho'snm-mi- t superintendent indolent wo- - at a ol $S,000 per: at sight of Heaven, the careless, causo .India,; salaryf Luckhow, ""'of the' Eggischorn two hours ago and of po- man who is indifferent1 to tho 7' all and 7 expenses 'paid.; viJ ;; year ate coming back In time to cross the Aletach litical rights for her sisters, is even less culthe1 night!' Mrs. S. A; GifTord of Worcester; Mass.,1 Glacier to (;o io thoTBellb Alp-fo- r one pable than the ruthless in of - Attleboroj Mrs. M. L.r Before long they came" in," brisk and rosy as - not whether a- - way is provided - through Rev. alll,--an- d withwhich her sisters may, in honor' and cHasti-- ! Draper 'of Boston and Mrs. Dr. Spetiguo of usual: Oh, nol not tired at so Cambridge port addressed a mass' temper- out waiting' for anything more than a lunch ; tyi enjoy hymeneal and maternal rights, ance meeting held in tho First Methodist were off again. ' Wo groaned in spirit as we !l long as she has been or may be kindly saw them disappear around a pom6ntory., Church of Worcester, recently. of those rights. with the ;- .,,;;.;:V-.:-- . er -. i -- . r - :! -- i f- Ju-liaK- -- 1 ; gray-haired- : ; ; sai-'thlmt- : - d tt . . -- ; -- , 1 : ; - ' who-consider- -- s Mrs.-Gu3t- ia-vor- ed possession : 