J 0 v. It. 3.1 We thinks if two or. V spirit of. Her mission . a 1 tnree sisters irom xieaa quarters '1coma coma along occasionally it would arouse tne sisters to their duty In regard to their religion, .both practically and spiritually. I had not thought that she or any other woman in Utahcbuid taili solohg and solweU .toAari audience AlBhet did I;,am reipicedjtq flnji tjiey. are coming out and declaring tjbem.. selvc Wbe sinCfre in what; they profess. 'htf p6ppV botheVq arid ' in Parowan felt BEPORTS. '. The meetinz of tha Senior and Junior Retrenchment Association, held in - the - Fourteenth Ward,Assembly Saturday, No v29th, was calculated to awaken serious reflections in the minds and of all present in regard -- to renewing of covenants. Many, of the sis ters present expressed, their wishes in re gard ito reformation, with much fervency s and earestn?-oTn- O sentation pftytahi&M dwelt upon with zeal and loquenea oyiliss E. R. r S now. p ; jf o on e who qttejityjfQi$ :I ; re-bapti- sm Reformatipn pleased to hear smith oeingr oruainea Bishop. Yours in the faith of the Gospel. foh Cedab their influence; for the advancement of light and truth upon the earth. r ; duty, as well ai a pleasure to fiend you a report of our, .Society, we are . still improving and endeavoring to do good; meetings are attended: wih;ia good spirit, peaco and harmony 'prevails. We received a visit from Pres. Eliza R. Snow, ioh"thd Jlth of Nov and Valso lira.! Harriet Brown andj Mrs.' miirr'fwmlif0en: I think it a -our , --o- f brethren, both young and aged. ;;;; PresJ!Elizail. Snow arose and addressed us at some length upoa the.'most bendflcfal principles of the Go3peI Avhich wo wish t (q .appreciato'as we ought, for itTwassotirce 'of great pleasure 5 Jhcarr lnsbuctioi'from her lipsU She then proceed ed to organize a Youngf Ladies' Retrenchment Association, and gave them instruction in ' the line of their duties. Then followed Sisters Brown and Frodsham ' and also some appropriate remarks by bur PreJMelissa Shirtiiflf. u ! ' '. The Presidency of the District expressed themselves; pleased ivith (Ke - instruction 7 V: that h ad been gl ven;- .s :r i :. , ' Ever youHinthe 1 : ? - Gospolt-'rflTio1- ''- llAnr ELIZAiTAYXdK,, MRS. . ; : ; jfull of principle;1 It ran chiefly mpon: tho United Oedeii and Home Manufactube in its various branches. Her heart was full to overflowing, and it was as she said, whdn she locked at the faces of, thev daughters . of ZIon, whose bright eyes beamed with .ip.telt Hgence, it wasjm index U the Heart bat : the spirit of ;Qo4 was there; j She cautioned r the: young Jadies against forming any acquaintance: or beingi united with the wicked and corrupt outsiders; irL fact! think she talked of everything that . ' ' ' i si EuziiBfnrjsiiuiiT'J . y Dee.8th;lS75.7 . ; - LETTTERS ."PROM : ; ik V, Secretary. ; : - - : THE COUNTRY, EbiTois Exponent: ! v 75. : Sister Barney arrived hero yesterday, and held a meeting at eleveir 6clock; and Btart-:e- d for Parowan at 3 p. m. my husband and myself accompanying her, 'yt q had a good time together, also auVexcelleht' meetihg, truly enjoyable. Sister Barney carries a good influence with her and .truly has the . "You haven't opened your mouth during the whole session," said an M. P., to a fel- low member; 1 repiyjyaw r in my feelings towards my enemies, knowing they are the children of ;our Father in heaven, and,, if . they would but repent of their sins and redress our wrongs and let us. .worship pur. God .according to the' revela tions, which lie has given us, anaiiccoraing to the declaration of independence, then the .will of our, Father might be done on the earth as it i? dpno in IXcaven." her Xour sister iq the gospel of peace, .7 ,:..7 fahd : ; rU.r -- i ' 1 i 11 whichL seems " " it Jziyj-- .udi. JL..T)etbojt. manj " . 4 1 r discovery,. oi jrionaa as siraigniasa string : In a Tremont streetcar the other: afternoon the Boston Glote tells. the story the seats on one side were wejl filled, :oa the other seven laaies were seated; and, to the contrary notwithstanding they contrived to spread over the - entire space. Presently, a tired, pale and , womab entered, and, tho ladies glatidngiat her, settled back and Jet! her ; stand. The only gentleman in' tKe. car, jono of. Boston's i pin-bac- ks ? towards educating .the joungf a part of Woman's JJission.7r God nas given to woman this field labor, .to im- rmrt from hei own bbdy life to iho'.'ten-- ; :dcj:bso'mswhtch7htoiiiibe germ of the Jmmprtal soul; .then did Ho not als6 design .that she, sbould bear an equally important share in nurturing, from her own resources, the heart, the true inner life which governs and controls the outward? ; - v If "we would help to educate the rising generation to undeistand thoso advanced principles which will lead them into the never dreaming of their - -- . d who wfs greatly an-.- .. , noye because his wi fe livas not better post- Vd nhifibrbijure'bii arid1 asked her to :ktady!f 1"; coiiipif eo.J arid- wljen'he CHJie numv iq uejc.iic iuuuu iiur ruau iuj 7 gway, h4 r down", si ippers op all 'ibe ' fires pout htbne, 7, was not sickr lenew nothing jtbout "his: sup- yer but' she added,' as she Settled back in 7herlchair: l carl tell yoii all about the first ; - I t i weksV-an- ""responsibilities. i..;;jjn'v:fix;:v;;; ? 1i flpgproew.&yislnce -- i 7 I would like to say a' lew words, through your colam&Sj to; iny beToyed sisters.'- The earnusi ana orave, vno trying io- neip to spread the gospel, Ty adyocatlng its prfn ciples at home, in private circles; in Sunday 6cho6ls,?in Itetrenchment Assoc jatiohs,.ard ih everyi lae'e" where wofaiair may he per- -' mitted to raise her yoice.: r'n v il :::rrv u: ' believe Woman-'a-: influenco to be pna pf the most' ' power ful instruments for .cood inU u'p6n th(S earth; ; i .iU'ill mot is should woman, necessary that It bo greatj of learned, 'or popular, in ordeT to exeria power ior gooa. .jsYMy .womanjwpo is possessed of pure and coodL motives. may bo l inspired; with ; the Holy Spirit' (if r she 1 WTTE:gir in ML Vernon 7streei.cut daugh ters elegantly 'd ressedJ reel in! ng at their ease, with their drawing, their iquSc, their iahey work, and their readinffbeErnil- - ; .. the where theftnother Is'thediiidgo tasee .the 7 7 i - . , Jane SnkiNd' Vance. r fK)hyesT have,,,;was mother ordered johp tp run 'quickly Ao Charles, street 5nd bring a doctor- - UIf;one ain't i i!?jYre tbe 'ordersVjeayo word and go; to tbe.next1? JqkH76i7oie'rsI and doctors billed in course of an twenty-op- e Uour.?-;os- pn JournaL r ii til in 7I a';niMt painful spectacle' in families ; ot-physic- Cedar City, IuoxiCo., KdV; 20th -' arj . v: t iTI.: 7 MISCELLANEOUS. and necessary. p She said "I try to be Tas charitable as I can was beneficial ; in numbers oonslderablf , and a good feeling . prevails universally 'among1 the members. J A spirit of mutual impfovementls apparent and all seem desirous ta appreclatq. 'iheir blesstng3.and priviiese.sJ 'Essays and select readings, with spcaUng; praying j and sing- Ing are thq;prmineoi'Yeaturfof our7meet- ings, and Wtiopo to impfo vein every good wprd and, work; 7 .!; .ZZ'.f V. .: ; S. L. City, Dec. 7, 1375. s Bellb Exponent: 7 Counselors, etc The Society hasjnereased ; v j WOMB'S VOICE. The Young Ladies ;BetrenchmcntAsso-ciatio- n In the Twelfth AVard, Salt Lake City, was organized September last by Miss Elixa R. &noV, assisted by Mrs. Zina D. Young, and Mrs. Priscllla Staines (PesidenVof the Twelfth Ward Relief Society)! i Mrs. Romania Pratt was chosen President,', with ! , ; WeTiave liad7 such aj feasi tbday inr this beau lifal littlSityjof vitaT-SisteBarney from Bait LakdIsited us arid held a geiiert al meeting." Her discourse was spirited and ' - :; 1875.: r . 'ThebpuW-i- CrritRdteoV Deab Epitob: No21sf7:187iiIZ v Henry .it .Ues,ltoJJrapiyejJh fkjwit 1 - meetings 01 tno sisters canrjDeeipfinny doubt as to thq sincerity of the" desires of those who are connected with these socle-- - VHaKRISVILLL4 t . come just at the wcl!.9atAttJ&i' was heeded.1 rig&Vm.wrrpa.- - - ' m . . 'r celestial kingdom, it will be essential for us to act with faith, and let prayer accompany teaching and counsel; and above all let prayer be not a form of words, void of feeling, but in the strength and earnestness of a humble heart; ask 'for "the Holy Spirit to 7 guide and direct every act of our lives, Js possible, let our teachings and practices correspond, btherwisewe"shair ail in producing the good we desire. Women are called enthusiasts upon the subject of religion, but is it not this very earnestness which makes them more devoted followers of Jesus'than 'm'eh uiually are? How was it withTMrSdTsliaTnd others in the Saviour's tlme? Were they not looked upoh efealpus censured and despised? Did riot Jesus love them for this sincerity and devotion? Did He not strl kingly manifest His appreciation of their genuine merit by showing Himself first to them after the resurrection? r Have we not encouragement1 enough, by this example andjjts results, to believe the Lord will bless us in our effort however humbld they may be, a'crowAUflri.with the success which only those who enter heart and soul into Ihe wVircnn:eect'to receive? y Co-operati- ve Items, EXP ON B N T , WO MA K S I 106 , ; i , fef-blelooki- best' khowii authors, moved ;.by righteous indignation, roso and said; "Ladies,. 'how can you expect any gentleman td.fgiYoyou seats in a car when you treat one ot your own sex with such unfeeling cruelty 2" Then turning to the poor woman hd said: Madam, my 'seat Js . at your servlce,n,and left the car ia thorough disgust. : " : 