HISTORIAN of Latter-da- y r and lie will neither JT B V J LZ. Si Or--- Saints, or.benefit to others, If we desire leavo an impression of ourselves urn the' time; in which we live, if we Tvould exert a, lasting influence among our associates, wo cannot muse over our griefs, we must be ever awake to the circumstances which surround us, wo must . observe the people' among whom we live, if we would do them good, if we would carry into their hearts and ouls a conviction of the great truth's the Gos-phas revealed Ht W would assist the rising generation t6 shun 'ttiose"'!'evHsf.wfiich?-havwrought the most harm, those tendencies which have developed into sio and crime and wicked-?ness- y .We cannot shut our eyes and live for ;8elf, or idly pass away the precious moments takelthe givn us for curreiit "when it'serves, or loose ourventures, Sisters awakQ.frot slothful nesSr see what 'yovt can dp by : faith and prayer and active wbrkin the linej of duty; bury not Jn. the earth, the facilities, assigned (you to improve upon, buttrusUnga j the power of 0od who as promised to: sustain .ail i those who strive in Jiurnility and meekness to (keep His corn maud men tsu Como forward and do your duty, heedless f of criticism j (for ; though ;you may be scoffed at even; by those whose1 good feelings you desire to keep, it Is better to have an approving conscience than the friendship of any living mortal without ' Dp not content yourself with the idea tha your help is riot necessary, that you have no ability or talent that can be .of any service in roliiriforth the kingdom' of GooU5yHpW; manjL women have thought they had no influence, ibat' their words and" their ideas were not of suftlcient'consequence to make 'or mar another's happiness) or help to establish, their princi-- . pies,5 who have lived and died without benefiting those with whom they were , connected; meanwhile have they left any impression? rYes, tbeycertainly have,. that thehad let the golden opportunifiyj pas, the precious time go by, without appreciating their advantages, or developing, those v inherent gems j of worthed, ric.bnessiwbich the God of heaven had implanted within their. souls to beautify and elevate mortality'. Sisters, let us who still live, who have yet a dayot grace granted unto us.take warning by those,who have regretted in their dying.moments that they had eot lived better lives. Let us strive by faith, to do some little goodjto serve our fellow creatures, to help all withiu our"- reach,'' embracing within our grasp the living arid the dead, for this is one of the great featureafofoUR time7 that Hre can minister to those who have not been' favored of God as we nave neen. . satlsfy-binise- lf, - ; 'lvtjfiiii):p'm met with!a Severe loss, which' It1 will' be iharxi, tomake"up to them. ')A hort time previous to his death, he availed himself of ;tho i privilege of expressed himself oh several occasions as particularly grateful for the oppor- - ? iL'r- 1 i ? . . - " . v " : . uveth." ... ' - : : : . I - ' 1 f 1 ? , I t. Mount Pjleasant, ' Friday Noon, Aug Gth, 1875. To'Mbs. Mary A.' Young: .... ; . ... ; iThe painful news has this morning reached .us of, the decease of your, excellent and much esteemed husband President Joseph A. Young. His loss will be keenly felt by many, but more especially by those with whom he was more intimately associated, and who had the1 benefit of his wise and judicious counsel. I allude to those oyer whom he bad the honor to preside In Sevier County.' May the seed sown byf 1 him bear precious fruit ,that will do honor, t o "his name throughout ari endless eternity, V His Heath has cast a gloom, over every pno here and all deeply sympathize tf i th you and every member of his famiiy,; who have thiis suddenly been called, upon to separate, for a season, from a kind husband ahd loving father May the God L of Abraham, Joseph Smith and of. your own Joseph, conifbrt and sustain you under your most trying bereavement, that the deep wound which has been thus inflicted may only tend to bind you, his dear child ren; and every member of his family, nearer and nearer to him; and be prepared for the great events in the future whicn are looming up on every side. r Vf'. Allow me to tender tho heart-fesympathies of Zion in this of every daughter placewhosd offered bo will in up your behalf aspirations this night, that our Father in heaven may, through His Spirit comfort and console you, and be a tower of strength unto you in this the ' hour of your great affliction. Please accept of my sympathy and sincere sorrow for you in your aifliption, and remember always thatwe do not sorrow as those without. hope,2:an&-mayou enjoy thatl peace , which the vorld can: neither give nor take I f : awayis the fervent prayer of - ' With deep and mnccro regret we record the sudden death of Eldcf Joseph A. Young, eld- -; est son of PrcsidentUrigham Young, and him; self President of the United Order id Sevier County;. lie has been taken away- from our "midst in the glory of his manhood; he was a main of .brilliant talents of acute mental quickness of perception of men and things, and admirably calculated to lead out in the position he held. Ho was born iri Ktrtlaad, i5eauga Co. He"was, a person x Ohio, October iitb,-;lS3iwhom to know intimately was to admire; his genuineness of earti his courteous and affable mannere; won for him numerous hosts of friends. In" conversation "ho was "witty and sparkling, . .The people over whom hp presided and with whom hs fimlllarircd. hlinolf, havo ; t -- 1 i 'fy:1:: : lt 1 ; y. , ; . ; . YourSistcr in the Gospel, . ." ; ; . Margaret ' ' F. C. Mokbisox. . . , . ' . . ' Elder Am03 Fielding who died suddenly Aug. 5th, was one of the first who embraced tho Gospel, in Great Britain, and assisted in chartering some of the first ships that brought the saints to America. ; He remained ever staunch and true to his integrity and the doctrines ho had espoused, and was always an advocate for the "Word of Wisdom," having himself kept it strictly for thirty-si- x year?. He died at thb advanced age of S3, in the full hope of a glorious resurrection. - j .ti .: - T J. - - tm HOME AFFAIUS, : : NoKTHEiiri Bailrbad is progressing rapidly; it is expected the road will be com' . . , pleted before cold weather. The , . fc ! m : r f - Tirn UTAH Educational Journal far August, ', ; ., i tori a, shortu season under .th'eV.cliargo-.an- theatre; ; d com-:,:inep.dablei'-- :.fij riihU.r yrivtu'. v " , ; 'We AciowLEDOE theVaypr. of a magnifl- ; Cent bouquet of flowers tn llasj'as' we If as Totberweet-scente- d .blossoms, "and ferns-- ' Many Wagsaff, t thapks fbr tljeVame; to J;Irs.. ifcty of shado Vnd cb.M pf JjUv iLlCYrA'er' jof .Glendalo Gardens.'' toJook upon tliese "e .Naturefs handiwork, knd whe; they, are pleas- ant reminders of kind friends,; tney hav a . , v double significance. Williani Miller of Provo, died suddenly at hia resldenra Friday evening Aug. working in the 7th; it Is stated her had he harvest field a part' of that harhe'j was first ; Counselor to President k.'6; Smpot Also. EI-dAlphonzp G reene dtl;XuJt!h,'i hss resiand dence at the half-wa- y house, between: American Fork; ho was ,a mam highly esteemed by all who knew him tlithonestjriind lie; badj long been a , uprightness of character member of the church and wasj ueyoted. to his religion; ho was G3 years of age. ,j yt t v, - Tiie: NdniiAL Instituto i which openedits session Monday Aug. nd,kept up ah Increasing interest during the complete term. of two '.weeks . Wednesday evening, Aug. 4; Prof.;0; li;'R!ggs was delivered a lecturo' highly approved by all. preseiitjVai i?4ing nrac-- . tlcatiy adapted to thet subject; and tho hints to teachers who desire to gain f the good"-- feedings in order to a waken an' iuterest t of tliir pupils, 7 In their mental development, 'w'cfe , worthy of attention.. Prof. Karl G. laeseiJsJectureV on the., Theory and , Practice :of,;Teaching ihave been of the highest intellectual order, j and those who have listened from.day to d ay t can- not fail to be Impressed with the correctness cf his views upon this jmrTtantfjubject. r. prof. Orson Pratt delivered a lecture on .Wednesday evening Aug. 11th, on the Ccntripefal and Centrifugal Farces, which was particularly (interesting to those far advanced 3ir the Science of Philosophy. A part of tho l ast weekof thelcsti-4nte,Ilo- ll Call was answered by eentihlcnt,wliich made a very pleasing variety in 'tho routine of eicr- the exercises. On Thursdsy fsicii party clsca closed," and on Friday an - of the jlnstiiutc of the gentlemen and ladieswith a large and select party of friend?,1 vent : to LakeToint by1 train and . took aj ride ; on the Geii. Garfield, encountered 'a severe gale, ' but returned In safety at V mldriigli tr Saturday the Territorial, examination of teachers lock plcc, closing the cutirotcsslon. f Lg : : Ex-Bisno- P 5 ei Iht ; ? : ; ; : , , - Tjie iMarrropened re Thursday, 'Aug.,": supervision, of, Mr.E R garden; jwhoj&e-cure- d the services yof th charmjng WtUei tress Miss Jennie Lee and Also thq talented come4ian;M:r. J P. j .been Well chpsen and thQiipetformancea ; 1 .. : . the , , sustain and advance. Such a magazine' was much needed and Isor-th- y the patronage of any intelligent 'csmmu-nitj- -. . r . x Elder E.:VV Tullidge, of tnis.clty who Is look ng after the at present in New, York , pity, ' " publication of his book ,lcThe,' founders of Utah," is noticed In the New York papers as a jnan of talent and ability,Hut as belng!under the spiritual control of Jaseph $mltbr; Two-day- s meeting (was held In Brigham City, Box Elder County Saturday and Sunday President D. H. Wells presiding. The preaching was spirited and calculated to awaken a pMhe good degreofxJnterest in tho hear covenaits people to reform and renew their. ( Deak Sistek: the be-fo- , . : : . ; LETTER OF CONDOLENCE, . ; ; ,' upQn r ; W extend our truest sympathies his family in their bereavement, to his aged parents, and his relatives,and may He who comforts' the :mourrie? j?ustain them under .this! afllictlon;. knowing the promises of those, who die in "the Lord, and believing that "though dead, he, . "Leaves hare tbclr time to fall ' ; ; And Bowers to Wither at the north wind's breath, Andstars to setbut all t Thou hastt all seasons for tfcine own, O death " 5'Bubject whfchit'alms to1 ' -- , matter 'j is well rilled with interesting :'iS - 'tunit. el : 45 V - tlib-Vegul- ar " ' - 