T WO H A N? S K XPO NEN T. 139 aerfui and exact proximity in following a moment only I was conscious. For so each other in. their inimitable flights till great was tho power of God upon me, that Being a firm believer1 in the Bible, and they had d eseonded wi thin a i foot or two I fell into unconsciousness immediately,as if the announcement that Joseph Smith saw above, ma j jThey: then rested their chins a catapult had struck me; The next I and conversed, with angels, as did .' most of upon ttieir right; hands and smiled again.;? was thei most- delightful music, since void5 the Oh! fallen, t the ancient prophets and apostles and, empty? language; chanted by ten thousand times ten thousand was that what word it hast thou to describe the immor- voices, in praise to God, tho faintest echo of world began and believing also, to I whch can not. bo l forgotten to the end of like tal of an angel's smile? jr r.ml-ienjoy gifts, beauty my peculiar privilege (for this had been prophesied upon my Head :I)iov;b(ldiho.,fall and lightning ; like time,: and when recalled; startles my whole by the elders of the Church of Jesus CJirist appearance of thei r countenances.- On their senses with delight arid adoration, i of Latter-da- y Saints, who had ministered heads were .crown's of pure gold like "transBeceding.vand still receding, growing unto me in sickness,) and that the glory of parent glass inlaid with f imraoital stones of fainter and fainter, ascending and still asGod should bo revealed unto me, I began to every conceivable color, higher and of more cending uutil the faintest echoes died away, hunger and thirst exceedingly after the exceedingly fine workmanship in front than in tho dim distance of mid heaven, it was : great and glorious privilege of beholding a at the sides. .They were dressed in robes lost to my oar. And now tho second time, heavenly vision of angels'sent from the of most, exquisite whiteness and textu re;o f consciousness of whero I was dawned upon presence of God, and to be filled with the yurv jiuen, xauing ingenue sunuuiaung loius, me, and tho room was dark. I lay as one to their ankles, - Holy Ghost dead, Without tho power to stir a muscle or. movo a limb for about threo hours. At tho fore I began to devote every spare moment perfecumre ' to prayer, and to the reading of the holy arms to the elbows, excepting at the; wrists, end of which timo I began to bo ablo to stir er my fingers and toes, and finally scriptures, feasting on the teachings of Je- which wero encircled withEibracelets of to turn from my back-- onto, my side. My sus and the prophets,and tho priuciples-o- f eternal life, almost to the exclusion of all stones. piQa;spec,K prtniptwas upon their nigfiFciothl luid; been swimming.- - By day light external surroundings. On the afternoon of countenances, wiunn were perfectly trans as abl6 to get up and dressL, myself r but the 21st of February, 186 7,- while telling parent I could seo,. through their:, ftces my desires to an elder of this Church, the plainly as through fa, window, To notice all load to sit still all tho forenoon, for I was still felt spirit of prophecy immediately fell upon this consumed but a short time, perhaps consumed as In a pillar of firo. And I was him, and ho began to prophesy that the ful- -' half a minute, .One of them began speak- so light in body for a w;eek after, tliat I 2: h-m : halfj unconscious whether or not my feet filling of my great desires was at hand, and ing to me. If ' tlie in earth walking. that that night should not pass away till I .Bat Qhl who can describe! tho "voice? touched vision anThe began, about midnight and should be satiated by conversing with Softer than the echoe3 of a whisper, sweeter gels. And as lie spoke forth by the Spirit than undulating music and more refined thari must have ceased between ono and two of God, it fell upon me like a clap of light- paradisical zephyrs, h iswords fell upon my o'clock, on the morning of ljie 22nd of Feb: ning. This was at 5 p. m. About 7 p. adoring soul and' dispelled every fear.Twas ruary; wThich is Washintong's birthday..; and and bfessing pow I in. I retired tom bed, and began engaging in tho Voice p( an glory and honor jfrohif GiOry; mever er All to and bo His unto tho and might Father,' 'miVhtv nravcr for the promised blessinsr. never to be forgotten! child Jesus , and tho Holy Ghost, wh o for I had proved this man of God to be in- He spoke four words to mo, which pierced holyone God, for ever and overs worlds withueea a iropner. ne nau prupiieaitju iruiy as living, fire audXwas asione; dead, before are A. IV upon me before, and the renovating power himj and shrank, for from his eyes issued out end. Amen. of Gdd was even now proving his words to flames of living fire,and his very feet burned be true, pouri ng down upon mo like a pillar with flames as if. in a furnace. I then looked FACTS AND FIGURES. nair or at tho other angel and. saw that it was a fepfref my head would bo consumed by it. While male.: She spoko and told mo her name. A Dund.vuton" woman has counted the iill my bodyvvvas as if it burned in a furnace The first did not tell me his name; but 1874, and says they and every pore sweat until I wa3 dripping spoke of the glory that I should enjoy after pies sho mado during 1 .' tI :tII:- wet, and I began to tremble and quake, my my afflictions in this world wero over. Gaz- foot up 5S0. Tiir'hoart of Rev". John Brandon, of tho body was expanded till I seemed to bo light- - ing at each of them alternately, I asked if -leel the and err- than a feather did. Jiot . they worejnarrlcd. Tfoe woman answered Congregationalsociety In liijUboiroV-Bridgeto bo seemed . f o rather bed clothes, but leaving "Noi There is no marrying or. giving in gMgift.oia-rsaheaven marriage in heaven, .but it, must be done qn, $65 from his parishioners. toward and for them floating midair, iu the pillar of firo which enveloped me.. the earth;'' When sho had said t his, I was TiiE .annual salo of seats at -- Plyindth With all the energy of my soul,! continued to dumb and could not endurti their presence church this lasmoath, broug ht pray steadfastly without ceasing, that I longer. Then she touchpd the two first fin- $70,319.(Beeches) Tho amount realized last year was inef- gers on my this to feci not faith have them three and only gavo might right hand, Chas. Dennis bid $u50 -- premium, $58,010. God of to see the fable paradise, but angels gentle pressures,each touch being like death, II. B. qiafliin $510, and 11. U. isowen fulof its drink to and face and the third was death Jtself, or its equivv face, thereby to- - mortals. a As allowed as is as far TiTF'lvrpEh'rland losses by fires during alent, for in a moment in the twinkling of ness, a an eye I was caught up .into heaven, into tho mst vcar are reported as follows, by starving man's appetite is whetted by pitiful morsel, so was mine aggravated by a state of perfect rest and. peace, and my States: Massachusettts, $5,771,814; Hhodo Island, $1,081,470; this lieavenly sensation. After about five senses swam in an estacy of, indescribable of fire) hours of this most heavenly baptism happiness,, in a sea of ineffable, seraphic Maine,$S40,225; New Hampshiro, $539,480; the that angels blissj Whether in the body or out I know yermont,$tJ 10,200. Total. $10,715,930. I dozed off and dreamed with not. But the things unutterable that passed were at my bedside ready to converse 'A old fashioned spellincr match for a ' me, and that I must pray for still greater in this paradiserwereikkei"fro ' of $12 dictionaries was indulged In couplo that the to in returb them consciousness behold of to glory earthly things, at ' a Normal School on Christmas. After courage surrounded them, while light and peace inef- when they seemed liko tho shining frag- threo hours,, Miss Minott teacher in the: fable shone upon mo a3 a precur&or to their ments of a gorgeous; vision, fast fading Grammcr School, and Harry Cole, a student shock a was state with in View. I that woko I up, Perhaps frommy mighty presence. in the Normal Department, alono wero left ' i v like lightning to system, far more half an hour.' standing of a class of sixty, and the prizes powerful than "anything I had y et experi- "TThe next chauge l remember, Iwas again were nwarded to thcm... enced. The room was filled with consuming gazing steadfastly at tho two angels, from flames, as., a rushing, mighty wind, and- a whoso countenances iT took not my eyes Jot pillar of firo far above the brightness of the a moment, and uport'Svhom I could now : We rjad ia classic history of an Athenian who, noonday sun, shining withclear, transpar- look without pain or fean- - As t was thus hesitating Vaother .to. give. hU daughter in ent brilliancy, lit upon me, knocking mo gazing and adoring them, desiring them to a virtuous man vrilli a small furtune, or la as it up caught me; dumb and immovable, tarry, and converse, I saw that the light was n rich man who hid no other rjconirr.cuditicn mute As I a gazed into fitting posture. centeriner immediately around their person s: went to cnmlt Themisfocl on th i sulject. and helpless toward heaven, in the midst of then I knew intuitively they wero going to wouMbtow my dauhtzr," said Thcmistoclcn, nth?r than upon the light, just beneath the ceiling, I saw leavb me; And a3 1 now gazed steadfastly, ''apon a man without mon-Tcountenances t woimmorfal beingsTheir.' worshipping, my desires being very intense ino:vy without a man." . as transcended the meridian sun, stopping that they should tarry a littlo longer with O in their descent they smiled upon me. They the, velocity, of lightening a cloud ovcr- then continued their dove like, gentle and shadbwed. them that I could not behold So friend loves you more truly than the circular descent, round and found, lower and them, though they; moved not to the right one who will tell you kindly and plainly . lower, keeping an exact distance from each nor to the left. The room was dark,ana lor of your faults. other as we have seen swallows keep won , fod - s -- : L - : . . had-pow- , . , - 4 I-w- as , ." iri , ; . j , . . , . Ael : ttntii-itseemea-asit.ave- ry... . ; , , Connec-tiwit.S2.h3.70- , . ! - ' my-who- " le ...... . mar-riis--- 1) , , " , - : , . 0l . 