WjO MA N S -- . , r j. A EX P ON EN T meetings cartbo 'seen how: much of intellect SrARRIOXSVILLE, WEBER UOUNTY A TBIBUTE OPEj uSPECTI' A 875. s j ::4;OJ. T. January. lOUi;l Editor'of Woman's Exponent:to the young ladles, possess.!? And it will , bo seen ; by an impartial ; observer! at a glanqe, the theyfully cqilal the young gentlemen in ' Tsend you" a few items relative Belief Society of this place. Through the keen brieht intelligence: and when thev efforts of the President, her counselors and I join to this tho determination to do right, vo llothtr la Israel, honored, most, and best! Ain tf i r tho tflnrri rsf. ahnnt forty dollars have been Of Saint, or woman, all the noblest traits possessed; raised asa donation to the Temple The towards makinEr this earth a heaven. -- Arid k A mind and heart, innately pure, chaste and refined, v I which aro held alternately, every if all ,the young ladies' organizations are SuefcMpame Nature scarce! erer has combined; ,:;v; meetings, and ""Bound in thy Judgment, In thy faith flrta sincere, iu two weeks at this place and Lynne are well growing like this one, the, young gentlemen la womanly perfection, almost, witberut' v&tf.wi attended'arid8 prevails the" will have to bestirhemselvfcs, Or be left in Under the prophet's hand ordainCd,,and set apart,; . the back grounds. , Mary. Young Ladies' meetings are also well To bless, to counsel, and Instruction to impart 1 ' we month 875. ,! Grants ville, Jan, the 18th of last v f To all, who In humility, thy, blessing seek, n r;f 'j j , weak. E. Sisters from the '.To comfort those who moun, strengthen were favored with a visit r 1 h'T words art breclous. and should cherished be, i SLCiTYi Jani7th; 1875?" toSnbwM: Salt; Tlke City 3ndlarIcof - A' pearl of wisdom,1 rich with rrace and charitjf Farmington, Davis Co. - accompanied by wttfclft thvKwil.n el our und livinn' fountain HOWS. U. Sisters Jane Bichards and ffarah L..Ierrick IMffttsl- -f llsht and peacei content and jqalni repos. The Juvenile -- Beiier Societyiif the: 17th has lalm all feelingly spoko and of Ogden Yet throusrh afflictions dark deep, thy path Ward vas organized r Sepkil 7th, 1873, by Thy bosom hath been pierced, with keestiiharpest pain, and r encouragingly ,to jus. i Sister E.7111. Miss E. B. Snow,with tho following; officers. tnd thouia1 ipeekness, patience, and the fear of, God, able and inSnow's remarks were"especiaily i lackoowteayed still His hand, beneAth the chastening rod President, Emerett Brown j. COunselors, Liz few structive. Theywere ffllowedbya zie Jacques and - Mary Davis ; Treasurer, TrwUnj? jht promlsej ty tweiaUoo'tlTonVl D.- ieff. Pre?t.: rernarks by heaven. encouraging in of reward unto A testimony thee, thy Melvia Calderr Secretary. Editlk Smith. f? At i A widow, maaylon and lonely yeaYsTha- -t been, the organization, there were, present, Sister :?1 rPit)te;tedstrenshened,cpmforted by the "Unseen f f : '.. WeTemairi'ydurs truly Whoso hand has led thee, and Whose tolce is clean Hlggs! and l Sister j,Hove, who, were appoinBKkiNGTON Prest. ANiT ti Who to the widow's prater, sllU leads a listening ear; ; ted Superintendent .and assistant . Supprin-tende-f . i Catherine Pabryj Secy. ; I r. Thy hands have ministered unto the prophet's need, Wo Thavo ".meetings, eveiy other In days when friends were few, and thou,"a friend indeed;' week, which are well attended by the Young 'raised upinsplredks it wefe,'to help In nshermg forfh , IFiRST Waiid, S. U City, Jarh 11th, 1875 Ladies alli-o- fhom i ta;ke n.iactivpart in jj Thospfrliplesj ,;wltf ch In their embryo and birth, j j l "'; tf ':':" aiding, the progress pttho Society. At. pur Dear Editor Struggled against tradition, and the creeds of men, 7 took . placp on At fearful odds; to bring the priesthood back again. The Youncr Ladies Association "of the first j Annual! meeting, vhich 7 . npnrea forerer be thy namet for truest worth; ; A f the 17th dayf of Sept,,! ' First Ward,' was organized April 2nd, 1874. thee the hallowed s And birth, that gave pr9pJious day t. Miss E. B, Snow was present, and instructed good timo.and :wero ;blessed with gpojn-structionWheraVr thy'nime is'khowa,'the 'speak thy praise;1 ; from Sister.: Hyde, Sister Howe, ' ' AU womahkind shbuld us concerning our positions as members of the strive to emulate? thy ways C Sister Horne.and others, j t art thou, in thWgfct,'hl word, In deed, r Society and as I children of? the Latter-da- y Yet for thef weak and fcrring,thy sdul would pitying jlcad; Saints. Mrs. M. I. Home and Mrs, E. How i :Ybur3 Truly, huhsi of thou feelest 1 another's woe, : self, ..Forgetful v i 0 Emerett BrownJ Treslden tJ ard also srjoke encourasrinely to us rand 'And with a bounteous hand doth charity bestow; ' - EDirii SiiiTii, Secretary. Bishop Warbiirton blessed us, and Itho Sis Thy virtues bright shall shine in an Immortal wreath ' to to travelihcr from ters in their place place rownlngthee victor, even atthoatesof death. ' Blessings upon thy head, thou .more than'mother here, do good Mrs. Sarah Graham waa chosen TJio second annual meeting f oi1. the 1 6th fl Teacher ftnd friend to me.most truly sear and dear. as'Presiderit, of Ward Young Ladies'Betrenchment Associa- . Our hearts desire for thee, more than we can express,; tion; and for counselors, Mrs. A Campbell, tion, was "held in ihe new Meeting house, . long llfeVtrue'Joyt and an e.ieroai happiness,, I.. Mrs. 6:; Cuthbert Mrs.jE. Hill Mrsf M. lt .With thy belofd m'pahlo'nVwho tas gone before :r 'Arid waits to welcome thee to that immortal shore! Efciwkiris, Mrs. E. Chase, an Mrs. Tcierer'rnited ib thoWelosefftnd tendeir tondSf riMiss S.B. Smith was chosen for Secremy Prophet" dear;''' Prayer by ' fthepe' soottopul tontenial eotresposds. oJt f'l :y assistant Miss A.:Adams insrine, "May v.e. who know Secretary. B. Smith, tary and ,01 joy and rapture sweet,!to count thy;suerings o'er, Twenty-fou- r young ladiesi'i then joined as the joyful 'sound." Minutes of previous Where love eternal dwells, and partings are no more 4 members. We can realize that ;tho organi iXtCCtlil WIO . uuu v,i,yiv., ( E.B. 'f zation has been, a great blessing to us and iYli'-.'othat we are constantly improving. On' the made' ferw introductory remark$;nfter B. had"R: Til Know "at 'ahd said: an excellent meeting vuhoh Cthinst', we Sister Margaret Steel's. Tho girls are over "The fcouseof God Is a titiasejot order by West Weber, January 10th 1875; i coming their timidity, andmany of then-ar- e J able to bear noblo testimonies to the fPEABEXJ?9SEJJTJ-- -; j !' I havd thought many times. eliould like truth. We appreciate your worthy efforts - ;j.7;;:JV" I to write a letter for you columns, and wish you great success. I benefit vou. I wish your faith arid ; prayers. : our little paper truthfully a, valuable -ttiisIIlsbbeutiMR3. S. Graham, President Whilelookingaround n instructor, for I have received many good iuc. uugcia Secretary.''1 iuuy aecoraxea, ir ieei as inougutbe" jis3 S.; things through reading it, r'l wish that all here hearts of if of God must like to bo my sisters could realize this as some of us Last fall Miss Snow, assisted by Mrs. .Zina tho people are fitrto receivO them. 'The do, and tho paper would have a larger cir- D. Young, Mr3. Howard arid Mrs. - Grant, Spirit of God is in our midst, itrid:I fee! as culation.,; But we must do tho best ; we can, established a branch of the; Young Ladies' arid aiways hope for the best. Wo -- have f a Association in - Grantsville. "under the j : presi t. good Belief Society here composed of sixty: dency of Miss Bach el Hale andlsljperintan-denc- e Quorum. Literary . six members. I am happy to .say that the of Mrs. Mary Cook Having, a little tionsre irood lid their Way; luiiisr spirit sisters are now "alive to their ; duties more lme to attended their last meeting. ual culture, spiritual food the; young Iwant. than oyer. Wo hayo excellent meetings, It.was aspare, ! Very pleasant eight, so many young You aro5 to fit and prepare yourselves to fill Jn which the spirit of, thOs Lord is enjoyed. laaies meeting together. for mutual improve- high positions in the Kingdom' of God; does . Wo are continually desirous of adding our ment. There seemed to exist .among; them the education of the world,1 prepare you lor mites towardis building tho Temple of the no element of discord; eachdesirous: of this? does It prepare vou to associate In 'the r Xprd, for many of us begin ; to, realize that gaining and giving. ' Tho harmony seemed holy t)rdcrf behouserof : we ... are daily growing older instead of so much: so as to 'astonish' mo. ' If 6nly fits yon to be ornaments; in ;13abyipn. t younger; therefore wo are anxious to soe perfect, they go on as 'they have 'commenced, they In;our .young ladles retrenchment associa-the Temple finished, that tho blessings soon will bo a powerful - element for good in uouv iigu, we iiavtj niuu iiia uuu gcv which have been promised may be fulfilled. Grantsvillei r Oneof Does 'I Godi of is'tho the Counselors that.this kirigd6m expressed tify Our settlement has passed through many her wish for more union' and greater efloits the literature of thirworld prompt this? Ko I hardships, but I, think the cloud.' is passing for ' Improvement, and her "words seemed I think: riot' When the' young ladies began by., Tne President, Elder John L Bart, of- the sentiments of ervery heart present to organize these associations to there were ten attends our meetings and encourages us There were readings Siom the Exponent many elderly people so kind as askj 'What with his kind fatherly advice and words of and to and answers from the Cate- is tho 11 so. nf tho vouncr g cheer. : President Mrs. Mary; Douglas is chismquestions in tho 'Juvenile 'Instructor." Some gether, to speak and pray?' : I replied, fwhat very diligent in looking after the :needy, of tho j were well rendered. A causing many to rejoico and ' gaining the poem readings on attaining tho Tho' Lord says where there are, a few gath-em- u Pratt PiP. and prayers blessings of, tho poor.' fiftieth there will Ho be his birthdayand an- With together in His name ' many kind wishes, I am your sister swer; byannivcrsary.of ' .Elder John Taylor were 'well re- also, In their midstand that to btc?3 them. in tho Gospel, .: : p. Uart. cited by .two very young ladies." In such In Ogden the young genuemen ana lauiea WHITNEY, DNnR FOURTH BIRTHDAY. MBSEA. TO yENTT; I w -- V. .. , -On ! : ""- ; " 5 " t- 1 1 V City.---Th- ey ' t -- - ' 1 nt . ? ; - , - -- f .. 1? j 1 5 -- 1 ! ) . 1 , A;c-rlstlan.',j- ) i true ? i ''-- ! : a-.5- . v: -- . " "; ': XhisXosA1 ; J Vaii-Tass- el; s ( . ; , : - 'nr. , -- 2 con-sid- er ; 51 . . 2 4 . 1 -- 1 ; . , GodtojIt : . 1 1 1 1 -- ladie3-meetin- byder t a , 