t WOMAN'S EXPONENT. ; . - t x - SPLINTERS.; " 1 I'EKbONAL. Miller Jr:quin I ' . . , Hugo has to left Paris for Guernsey complete a new volume of poems, title "Lcs France ,ct Les life. - Germairis...,..Gen.-Rcdirigton- ; Bo wen, son of, Henry C. Bo wen, "is writing his impressions ,ot the . Pacific .Dast;''to;-th- ' e com-Vtaenc- .Independent.;. V. jerr I)6Suert? a, vioiincel-lis- t of greatkUJras j list made a success- - " month's pprfor Bddley-Baxteiedli- London n Ex'U. S, Senar esso J), ,, i itaylstp,. is dead... ; ; -- of thelSupreme Court of "Judge Jame state of West Virginia died May lltti the Cadet C. Hall was thrown froni his horse, at West Ppin t and" fatally ihju ohn ? Sheridanr fathef of ;Gen.t'Sheri died recently at Vis, residence at Somerset, r 5 t , , : r., f ; We Uxt iu deeds, not jcars-'i- n In figures ofl In feelliff8,pt . 'trejiM-nat- Who thinks Ilmej) ls mc-rfee- thoashls not brcaths a dial;! V t;T u ' lvl)v neartrthtiois,He moa't3taref,zt, regard to light "since Lieut CtolvEmerUptOn . haft teen- relieved from duty as commandeKat West Point and Lieut Col. Thomas H; Neilf succeeds him Webster's lirary is; soon to; be tUe noblest acts Ihe best.., r; wiiuner Mf our course r Dent, on ins great oceaa of time havo we some r goal iii view which we arecencentratlng all energies to rtjachj and are ,w carefully. and diligently .husbiying'all pur. resources t7 attain ; without danglr or detriment toi iburselves. this vdesirable objcttl Have we 'Entered: upon-th- is , -- - our-forcesa- j sold atraucti6nUnvBoston,;M.Red i opu icu Aim iiju ,sb v vnik ; luiit piouX; j.nuiau are sChieis inWashingtonnegqtiating in ? ; -- ;".--J)- aaiel - ,a 'f, for volume four. ed Wm.T: Crookcs :$20,000j..Pro ?;hmade.one I Bright Iup cross worth 1 -- ; ful debut in tijoriadh' Siipaior. Sum ne;fli?iibouf to be t married If;xur fyfid patrons are satisfied with our cf. fbrtslet ieoissidera ine- - sister has wrlt- ten; that fl$ best way of expressing appreciation Ifbr Woman's Exponent is byoowsub-scribln- g -- Jo died at ; the G r m'd Hotel, San Francisco, May 22nd ..... . Mark Twain is said to make $700 a week on his play of the "Gilded Age'MClarencei . ;For Its "Upholders it" has willing and "earnest jpprkera whose hopes for . its : future, supported as jheY.ateQiy evidences of the pastare bright, Jiaiid who cojisfdcults proapects full of promise. ? tor - 3- $30,000- - to - trBunlcer- -l 1 ill .The opening of; Like: Cham centennial plain this sfeisonl wiisthe ifatestr for ixty year;.... Harper and brothers are about re-to,, isaiie another, chronic! of the religious abroad,; litIed,"Tho iWork of Qod In Great Britain!. May 22nd,f Albany, N. of Iiegi$laturei ad Y;bothsinehouses die... ...The bfUcers for thotJen- journcd tfinnial Ex nasi tion ha ve been Elected. .....r. den. Custar's expeditionjlie: Black Hilts' will leave Fort Lincoln rJufio sipA move ment for: revenue (ivfat&i :hs bqen by the prbmincji 'I Yorjk J..Santa Rosa isjtoi hayia separate school for g cglo presented Cardinal nJllcClpskyl a; diamond J "- is in England, busy on a nov( of California ' Boston-vote- s ; nd anahosen course tondersndingly, for bur pl-Uoij- ne whcfwlll warn Us of ady obstruction-i"pur waywho is awareTor aiiUho n Jwillspend mo--. quicksands '''which1 might wreck lis" at-a.iBrittobDem.-summer United the States Jlotel; at;r the; Mayori pf:j ment when we were sailing smoothly along on S. new a vice Louis, Godlove, bt, Arthur, BBiifrett, deceased. Orth; tho, baratoga,.....3Ir. a calm sea, for the clear;placid smilihg'surfaco ; American Minister has reached Vienna...... and! by 015 majority j Cassely sometimes covers tne most dangerous depths, Mr. ; John It. Francis, cd itor of the JTroy : , mujyaro siopping:apan.iiaiaei tms and is so inylting to the ' mariner that all unTimes and to Greece, sailed for wool from Califorshipment qf conscious of the hidden rocks or 'fihoais?tlfn?a Europe on tho 27th oi May vlth hh wifo v nia to the sti3vimmensew.Mrs. Oates moment of seeming security: the bark goes commences a season at Pile's OperaHpuse, ..Mrs. Conway, the popular lessee of the down or is dashed to pieces,?and often a vNevada Brooklyn Theatre, Is dead.,,,..:;.Vice-Presi-Joseph Jeflterson is forms from some scarcely preceptible cause and dent Wilson was in Den ver Mayi 22nd .i... . at the Boston engagemefit ajrewell Col. T. W Sims, business manager, of tho Theatre! previous to goiner to Eurone.,..,: its course foaming and rushing headlonsr-iebkvrk down the frail bark, or even the more Savannah Ad vertkei, Ga., committed sut- Dctectiye W bod. from Boston, arrested Jack cido in San Francisco May 25th; ho' had arson, the Boston defaulter, at. :Heesvlle N; sclidructareg, nd ina moment of time they rived there recently from N. Y. City. Y., 5iay 2Gth..... Conn May rf f fallowed up in the unfathomable deep.1 r ' 2Gththe cotton mills of D. B. mith we're Is'lt not expedient then to be on our cruard. aj FOREIGN, a uo hands thrown out of employ-- , ournea, an' thoroughly understand ourselve?jand Froude, the historian, sailed from London loss ment; for South Africa on the. 23rd of May in his $100,000; insurance $40,000..; 7 train every faculty we possess, in such d A terrific official capacity...... The Tribunal have disexplosion of Dow drug store, exactitude as tobe able to compete missed 'tho charges against Duchesne for f Washington St.,Boston; tpok place Hay 20th ; witji every obstacle iu bur'pathway, and to be several A others persons, the alleged plot and assassination against killed, injured, and coiltinually guided by the HoIyBpIrit 1 Princo Bismarck , . .. ..Thero are rumors in .great destruction to, property;: cause ;un canpot err? ; nown. London1 of the early resignation o! Disraeli Is the only safepilot; the;; wiiispwinir in It Tho Italian government has ordered the re, the true instmctofJ Immortality, ouJarte, moval of all Bishops who have not received U wltftjrill guido us safely wliatevef-'ouTHE WOMAN'S EXPONENTr royal endorsement. i.;....Ex-Quee- n Amelia, may be; it Isa 6lace:for every .widow of, thef late King' Otho of Greece, sorrow a x "hope in every hour of darkness to GREEJfE RICIIAIIDS. Editor. died at 3Xunich,; May .20th...... A Genoese Jight our souls, a stay and an anchor which Marchioness has recently made a donation COnyEEIA n, IIORJde, Ooilhes Hanaffer. nsfiraily through ;the stormiest pas to tho Pope qf;$20,00d a year..... .The, Bank sage Jpon liters sea; if We will listen to tliegen of England's rate of discount is 8. per cent Published In Salt Lake Clty, Utah. rTerms: One copy oe yea 52,00; onecopy tlx ujonlhs tie whisperings which it is ever ready to Irnparfc The Italian Senato has voted a national I.O0.r J Ten copies for the price of nine, 'Advertising to those wfYo yield themselves wholy to its , ratcf- - r Each square, Urn lihes of nonjarcil gift to Garibaldi.;.... Many more 'txxlies of spare, one k heavenly influence; 1 It is only by - living .the. victims of tho Schiller d isaster have ..tliuc, 13.00; per month, 53 00.- A" Ji!ral discount' to ; :s regular advertisers. A pure and true live? tliat we can be' thus shield- . been recovered; also twenty-fou- r mail bags Exj)onent Office, corner of South TemrJel and Firt V have been brought ashore......Courit Corti, ed; we;iriust flrsiubmit, ourselves to the Directs. oppoBuejeie liate. uutincM hoars fiora 9 to .a.m. on Italian Minister at Washington, has ,been : of the Gospel of Jesus, and obey the Tnesdayi and Saturdaja. 4p.ra .AourcBs an easiness coujirations to transferred to Constantinople... ...The Pope U principles of the kingdom of God, becoma like Fabli8hcraWAit' Expoxejit. is rertcd to bo seriously ill........ .A large in numuity ana meekness, ere pnttieicnnaren, tho of PrtiQn pf wo vau paimwo ui iuq rtcu piessmgi wnicn city Pcshauer, AfghanisSALT LAKE tan, has recently been destroyed by fireU... J flow from the; fountain of life and' inteliiience Tho trial of Ck)unt ;yon Arnim has been fixed to all who are prepared to receive '1 them.y for July 1 st. . . .. .The Japaneso portion of tho THREE YEAft'S OLD. I will Sot dojo drift about careiessly, merelv ; It tf island of Baghalien has been ceded, to Rusthe gratification of idle' wishes, at tho sia.; .... A meeting of the threo Emperors of .1 ,'io-aa-y tneExroNKXTtniXra its fourth vear. caprice wliim, floating Russia, Germany and Austria will shortly a Upon the supposition that its friends ..'will be stream the of great down, and regardless time, I take place at Ems... ...The House of Comto learn concern! :i wo glad beset the which Jcheerof dangers us, expect to land riJts welfare, mons adjourned over Wednesday, May 26th, a y fully submit the following-.for the Derby races......Attcmpts to without iaB.uariwri.wiiuouiinougnt, frighten at our jourfiftUi not strengthened If present without settled any purpose, not hav- Bismarck still continue..... ...The, Spanish as largo an amount of money in the by government has suspended a Madrid news v ing qualitted purselveawith asthoso 'with' immeoUat0lf'3nnecte(l ury iti paper, tho Imparciale......On Sunday follow.t"v"?"s ? ?v; i.rr,v,it:.vciI.,S pos3S23i f could Interests as well ofT ser and Judgment dgilreItla perhaps, to. ;co L;?9nd ing holy week a bull fight took place at expect r resnectas f.AA fnrAlw munfrtr inthU manv.ofi' "vr. flourishing : Spain; there were 16,000 persons bora.' crowded into tho amphitheatre; King uiui. vnwm. vivai man m , Knowo,:vu?out making. the most darpfnl fer. even ready nipney indUi as that' arti- - i .rangements and! being" nosiU ve . XII was present. v; they had ; a : u: is to progression. de 'ipassport which would be undeniable: in its ac- .:i.f;i ; GENERAL. . ; for has I its credeutt It wishes and good ilijie curacy, and would Identify themt; among the - Tlio Iowa Republican? will hold their state r : faith of wise men and !4ien and,s people with whom they expected to associate? convention at Des Moines on Juhe 30th....... seek the promotion q(ailii?cful enterpriser. And yet we, many of us endowed with "Intel- Ohid;.Ex-GoternprtHofrtna- , 1 reefs-Ifiti- d ny ; : ..JExaftf ' . ex-Minis- sum-mcr......T- he ter t : Iaytlstv T pl-.yin- n I : Jn-Hartf- , -- ord ' ! : qareful-neLs.au- - tiioCom--fbrterhl- ; ch 'J'lV: r cir-cutohc- es . semi-monthl- j; i S ' i , ; - k " v . i - , dlc-Stat- es x-- ! . ; CfltJNE . every-momentar- y- r- i v ; t i- 1 J i Ma-dri- d, - Al-phon- so ;;,le a cal-7'culati- ' who-favo- 52 r ; : on; i r ' 