: : to the Jii vmim : 17TIT WAED. beuep!? SOCIETY BY science clear, at least, having done all that wa8 possible, in the best possible manner according t4 llimeaus; and abilities " possessed. What-ev- er ?Mrs. "Phebe fieuedlicfy art is learned; ll, fi nind or body the has solved the question; "What can Voboan j Do?? Some tway ears since she took Joufc more jeriectiy for ,the perforrriapco of iomo papers .as sole trader, gained the consent uf other workthough thei t'wo may be entirely her husband to allow her complete manage- unlike-ffanprepares tbo individual much' mora " ment of the farm and transact all 'the busi- than standing stilt would do for, the po3r-tid- n ness of the place, arid at a tiriie wlieri the when ItisTpreMniejc) t 1 t farm ! yvtisl mortgaged for ; several ; hundred 1 Be of some f use to thQ lbrid cultivate some 7 dollars, and farming implementsbu t of re- - useful quality, learn ta Jo veuseful eraploymat MBS. BENEDICT, ., AN ADDRESS. OF tiib 11.. KIMBALL, - : " Ii affords me great pleasure to meet with t the young people of this Society, for two j reasons. One is, their object and aim are laudable and a great credit to them; the other because theirs parents are among the best people ever knew, j I beHovo I am act quainted with tho parentspf.ali who areiin and when they know of this room your seeking wisdom .from the fountain of in telligence, e vearoufHeave you i cause their hearts to rejoice I Icnow youTenjoy yourselves better in pursuing i a course to develop tho abilities God has given you, than i n an opposite course. , I believe It Was for this purpose we were.sent to, earth, to Improve Our talents and our time as God assighedFohi3;designs and purposes are much greater than ours, and will, result in greater goodi to Yourselves; If we Tlearn'nnd Mow them. 'While I see your nimble Ifin- -- I to-day- ;? d rht ; by economy, close attention to of whatever nature it may consist, and the time busiriess add shrewd; management, she r has will never, dragthehpursiieYer mo purchased other! imple iBlfe rrients, treated hereifto a "81ngia"ehlrie KlSSTNGTEfABYT loan will arid the shortly repaired buildings, money; and Mrs. Benedict .isjbesitle this, a Our esteemed :fdend,Trofessor J. .Xi.'Barfootr leading advocate of suffrage: for wome pajr,';-Now- ortitkejMuse to anrarfielenTthe-- suyect , ; - T7rsiatrork7spcheerfu tor those who are needy and ldestltute of : the comforts of life, I feel to say God bless THE . WOMAN'S EXPONENT, - I. GREECE CORXEEIA II, entificjAmericaninzij:"': r RICHARDS, Editor. IIOR9TE, Cosiness linn a per. fa Salt Lake City, Utah. Published Terms: One copy one year, $2.00; one copy eix months, 81.00. Ten copies or the price of nine. AdTertUing you. And He j will bless all such for this Is rates: 'Each square, ten lines of , nonpareil pace, one per month, 83.00.- A liberal discount to keeping ; His commandments r and 11 know time, $2.00; advertisers. that light and joy and peace will accompany regular Exponent Office, on West Temple SUnear First South tho effort if It Is done .in sincerity of heart. St., opposite City Market place. Business hours from 9' to p.mi on Tuesdays and Saturdays.; Tho Prophet Alma in the Book of Mormon a.m. ; ..Address all business communications to - Publishers. WoMAJf's ExpoxExr, spoaks of charity accompanied wiih humility, 7 ,, ! : . ;tT-- u The writer; of the articl e delineates the evils which are liable to arise from the habit,' declares the practice ta be a pestilential oneandays farther, 'Murderous would be the proper word, did the kissers knew the mischief they do.' It appears that's slight cold or feore throat in an adult, will be ?c0mniunlcated to "a xhlld causing diptheria, with, too often,5 fatal results, by the simple act of kissing. The factor this statement, we consider too apparent to require justi fieation from 'our pen. And that no surer means of spreading contagions could bo adopted than the mingling of breaths. by kissing, li a truth too commonly known tp require any ex.' planationw 1t But'wV'hppe thatmore attention Wii ln and refleetlon than has hitherto been maniportant subject, ' ' : semi-monthly- ' ; kisshig, Oy:thei! which jai'peared in; a Jaej number efj : 1 Salt Lake City, Utah. as one of tho greatest gifts of the gospel. In the first place, wo should feel bur weakness anil dependence upon our Heavenly 7, CITY, FEB. 1, 1875 LAKE , 8AItf Father, arid ask His blessing upon all that we do. He says; "Pray three times a day.'? And again, "Pray in secret1 Knowing that 3IAKE' YOURSELF USEFUL. fested. . , 1 our success depends upon His blessing, this whose breath Ia a man of is humility!' But after this, if we neglect to "It is an unquestionable fict, that capacity of. , Think, mothers, impart of; our substance to the, poor and ten fits oho person for a position that could not be nauseous with tobacco or whiskey, coaxing needy; and visit not the jick and tbVafflic-te- sustained by another. Capacity ateo qualifies your infant son or daughter to kiss him ! Many and impart not of our substanceTothose almos t any perso 07 fbrfil I ing8ome-pasitio- ir Or such men have large hearts and great love for who are in need, "I say unto you If you do more suucesaiuuy children; ;butithey I should be1 taught that fox BoiuB wor not these things behold your prayer is vain accompusuiug than anything else that might be undertaken. them tobffer tpkiss a child is an insult instead . and avalleth you as arb nothing; yo hypo- 5In consideration bfthese principie5 ia the of a compliment. ' crites who deny the faith: therefore if ye of individual to seek, understand Indeed, weare f the; opinion, that to avoid do not remember to.be charitable, ye are as duty to every know the proper course, to pursue, the kissing the , lips of children altogether, would dros3 which the: refiners cast out": And inffly. right place to. occupy, the best thing to do in be sensible on the part of men and women tho again Apostle James (in the New Testa- order that the greatest amount of good may be IIovi- does a person know, though apparently in ment) says,"Beligion; pure and undefiied accomplished with tho least waste of time and perfect healthas hot many people profess to before God and tlie: Rxther, is v this, to visit w expense.. be nowadays that the Stronger and more pow tho; widow and the fatherless in their s, wo have hoard such remarks as erful breath of an adult Sometimes may not be Injurious and keep yourself unspotted from the no forte, I do not think! was designed or at least have "I n world.1 .Yet you will frequently hear perdisagreeable, it inhaled by the to excel in anything-.-,"don't believe I was of a child? Pleasant as it may be to cal sons say such a one is "too religious." When blest or with that I any whatever, gift, psisess res3 and fondle; the little ones , who would not I hear this I think they do not mean what for anything." I have tried nearlyall forgo the pleasure of kiting them for ' their own they say; but expect us; to qualify the say- ability of do not kinds one and like of '' work, " any sweet Bakes?;-:ing for them in th is way. They wish to see them," These are out fanciful ideas, ' having a, consistent kind of religion; in reality, a no foundation in The writer in ' the "Scientific American is if the individual real. truth, fullness, not lacking in any point for work thus concludes the article; f A single' kiss has desirous of or friends the world, benefiting ly done by halves is never well done. Allow been known to infect a family: and the .most self. I to entreat me, my young friends, careful may be in "condition to communicate you not to he totf or conceited' to listen to Even : if circumstances seeaa to conflict in me aisease jaipinesna; witnoui nowing u your parents or. guardians; .or remember every attempt, and disappointments rather than Beware, then, of playing Judas, and let the bx there is a promiio to those who obey their bucccss are met on every band for a time, there bies alone." ' parents, in the Lord. "Thou shalt live long Is yet one course left which .caiitiot fail if earin tho land which the Lord thy God giveth nestly and faithfully pursued." Man may have ; ,4, thee." Let our first object bo to honor the erred in his own judgment; friends may have PERAMBULATOR. . THE meant but injudicious ad. Father of our spirits, as a duty we owe 'Him, misguided by kindly if ho asks of God, in faith, He will Bo not bt without one. Nothing Is better for knowing that His laws are for our greatest vice; but good. And again, to honor our parents will not misrepresent things, but will give the rei the' baby or its mother than a walk out, in the make U3 happy as well as ihem. In observ quired knowledge,7 and help to prepare the way fresh, pure air and merry sunshine. But there Ing theso rules, you will fill your positions and person for the performmc3 of some good is something much better for the mother, when for a few brief, moments she gets release from nobly upon tho earth, and attain to a degree work. can of not world this Ko which one need be happiness glvo idle, though the iramediatc the many cares', and duties ever existing Inside ji or take from you. That you may attain to duties presented may not seem Just what would, the threshold of home; than carrying in lier this is the sincere prayer of your sister in best suit tho .'disposition,' or", capacity," of the arms" a great, bouncing baby that wants to be tho gospel. seeker for employment. A better way than twisting about this way and .that, o stare "in giving up in disgust because of selMnsuGlcien-c- wonder at every object they "pass, getting the because some one else can push ahead faster," wind in its face and the wrapplngs otf its feet The circulation of tho London Daily Tel egraph from January l to October 31, 1874, is to work with a will at whatever must bo And that something Is the trundling of a perdone, or may be done, determined to be con ambulator.',, "We do hot believe In unnecessary inclusive, averagea i7t,m copies a day. iU'glvejthi. " : - , . f; d, -- - - V. r.)-j- i-- afflc-tion- respi-ratio- '. , ' V , self-will-ed -- - -- y, ; -.;' 