.il him, zi ' r JUJJftJJtJJJkLMMfS WOMAN'S EXPONENT - ,f ! S , For the TO E. R, SNOW. ' and I feel that I should unburden and let it cut cards chess checkers dominoes and litout as I did to a sister that called upon mo other sourcesotjimment aH"curi. the other day. She was telling mo what a tle' room used as a museum--whe- ro osities bugs insectsrtuffed animals puri-bu- s timoshe had with herchildron-two-gm- s pictures and a thousand things are laid and four boys. The cjirls she could manage couldnH around. I told her each child assisted in . hut. tli n bovs! croodness she were always off, tho collection, of flowers, plants, insects, an keen track of them they in streets or somewhere. The other day ono imals, curious rocks, ores, and pebbles; ajid in then tho play grounds and tho little 'out' came home with a bloody nose got hurt then wo strolled a fight A few days before another had doors' garden of cach-an- d been thrown from a wild horse and got his around the gardens, orchard; and Vineyard the fruit being one of the greatest attract ankle sprained a smaller one had fallen into the fire of aibrush heap, the other night, tions for the little -- ones, in -- its: seasons while in company with gome young hood "Well," says; shetthis .is all wonderful, lums and next she expected some of them and new to mel l: neyert before; thought;; of I f ;dpn' t would get killed, and she could not tell why such ,ways to manage children--a- nd V she could not manage her children Sho wonder wi th ton e so kind as, you and so -whipped, scolded, and threatened : them many ways of enjoyment, that ybu get 'mean'every day but thoy wouldn't, mind John, along with yoiit 'cildrehioweili'1-'1!'the oldest would go- - off every night ana to tum Over a new leaf and try your plan, stay out late,: and she could not coax him -- to and the poor Woman went off quito 'comfof stav at home, he always had to "see some- - vcu body'? or had an errand down town and to WellTeallyl lvWbeeri so intenthd iht6r-Lher grief and horror, Hother night he came ested in telling about tho poor" woman "that home more than half tipsy and she wept my bread has got scorch6d-a- nd dear me ! had she exhaust in much distress and when here comes Willie, crying,poor little fellow! ' she asked her ed herself 'relating troubles, he has been out poking sticks in entrance that "How do you manager your boys me, of beehive and has got stung; But "there. and homo at are and always steady I held a little wet mud on the place" for a they never drunk,do not smoke, nor chew tobac few- minutes and the pain 5was gone. O "tell mel Well dear! I used to wish Willie would get , co, nor get into t roubles-d- o big says I, I manage my- children a little differ-- - enough to walk, so he would be lesi trouble, ent irOmany boaybut goodness sakes! it. seems ten times more all most of in Home the places pleasant trouble now. He goes - everywhere is ; in to not do wish children and thus town, my ;I oVery- pbssibJemischief,-AlUare attracted but their companions go away, believe I'd rather. Jiaye two orv evenjhreo to them here. And so I am always enabled babies to caro fpr.Welli must get the lit to watch pver all their sports and amuse tle toddler asleej)., .'j ; v, .;;! as ments, and to advise correct, U: need may be. "Why certainly? says she,"! r: Flora. i )o'o .'?'' iivrj always try to have them do. so too, but they wont." Well,saysl,perhaps you don't provide i", " ') them the means proper and necessary for Editor ExroxENTr ; vv i What do ypu mean?" In' the vale of Avon,' wiihtn sight; of and their amusement. all sure them I give she asked,"Pm anybody on the 'grounds of ' the" castlo"" that' stands on can need. I feed them regularly-giv- e them tho margin ;of that classic river where the have-a- warm house, a Bible immortal : Shakespere first dro;w;j breath, I good clothes, Book of Murmon Doctrino andCovenants toceived the Bfthatias and sometimes borrow a "Deseret News' for near sixty- - years, and intelligence respectthem to read.; Now what more can one do?',1 ing that future life to which we are, all hast' must be ening. - The faith then implanted ;in:my My Dear Sister, says studied, and managed and led, or they will bosom by a motherfs teachings, has grown not bo a success. Their minds are weak-ten- der into a closer cquaintaM rWitliG early led and turned from good or faitli implies; for, this ifthank. my indthert. evil. Their minds are active and must have as well as my Father wlio is in the eayens! occupation. Too much labor tires too much Hence my first effort, in responding to your study stupefies, so the mind must be fed kind invitation is naturally.influenccid by with light as well as heavy food. If you remembrahces J of her teachings, and no would catch flies, don't use a vinegar bait. name 'seems so", appropriate! to beknown by If you want your children to stay at homfi as. iUatt of tiirplfice;j where T receiyefl" my makwliuuiu attractive, pleasant, delightful, first 'inspirations.' 4.:';;'; stop scoldInq and thundering, burn up the -- Dear Sister,' most respedtfu r rods rule by loyef When they are a little myself, Avondale. noisy or boisterous in the house, don't scold or turn them out of doors, but jointhem .in MX MOTHER. hi their fun. Appear interested in their ff? amusement and then ybu can manage them BY (AVONDALE. Ml'. easily. Give them such reading as '.they il': like, good stories, funny Teading, puzzles Mother lias been dead now ;moro than a books. for and Then My toy picture change, me to hayo faith in getdifferent games, learn them their use fifty years. Sho, taught montimeand sometimes" play "with them; and don't God; ;at ithat live away up in another atmosphere from ster that has developed into moden Infidelyour' children. Go down where they, live, ity had not taken the hidepusr shape .it has r In those days folks wrent-tand stay there much of. your timo then church, your children will love you and. are. gov- and, if what the parson isaidfwent, in one erned. "But" says she "I don't understand ear and out of the other" people didn!t half you say, about the reading and - games religion. They had not found out and other ways to keep children, and I am the way then.to be irreligious on scien;tific(?) so interested please tell me just how you do. principles; to proyo. that there is no God by So I took her into the other room, I showed the perfection: of the whole, and tho autoher ou r sh elves - fuller nicoibooks, papers matic simplicity of. the prts, of ijieso grand and magazines, for children to read showed creations we live Itl " 7 " Tr her tho winter flower garden and how. each Well, motber taught, 'mo to pray. I .do one of the children owned and attended a not remember the form or .words,, used, but part then showed her tho games,- blocks, I do.reraember sho taught mo to feel as if I - Expose!. . ; " . Eeventy6neJ can this be 801 with still throb And thy heart to fresh a glow? so so warm and bright Thy etep firm, and The kindly beam of thy dark eyo's light. HanJeTer ready the weakest to guide, I Drifting along In life's billowy tide; Voice lifted high In the conflict for right, ' And whispering peace to the soul In dark night. Time has not frozen the fountain of lore, J Pure and unfailing it flows from above; And freely 'tis given earth's children to bles$r 7; :f In times of rejoicing or deepest distress, , ; i: 7 j1-L r in :V . f If; . Priceless the seed which in this life you sow, ; And priceless the fruits which thy harvest shall knowj - Seed that wiil spring forth In glory and might In the souls of the sobs and the daughters of 3ight, . " . Zion wbuM;bieayouas:d and be blessed as you Journey below, wHIhloasom Stm sow the germa-tha- t in the mansions of light. head a for crown In thy BtiU bless t - ' i J BO-brishL -- . I A crown "all nnfadingi eternal, divine, ' Where thorns "never more with the roses will twine,' Where never more bitter will mingle with sweet, 7 " t Nor rough be the pathway, nor weary tho feet. . I: Thy works all await thee on heaven's bright shore, The blessings of Zion have too gone before. : v The thanks of the hungry which thy hand hath fed, The prayers of the souls which thy counsel hath led. -- May till God's people are ransomed and free, jou livewicked ' from Zion shall flee," Live till the - ' Til the warfare is ended, the victory won, Tlien hear the glad tidings -- Thy work Is well done." ;il.,ia: Hi-iv- - i:i:::--rt'--:-::- 'WiJ- i eiseT-irtryTto-- HOPS. ' r; a reports . 1875. vfrni htu - . As-ever,- - ; -- ry; Gromp-ton,Secreta- 1 -- at-Ite- nd iVm.-Jackson- , , ? I . :; . .f: ' : ; ' Dear Exponent: . j ; : ; . ' r 7 ! . , - ? . bijswdJor; : i . ! ; i ; , ,''r!'t ' -- : to-da- ' -- fWhat with the children, and the flowers, planting garden, getting three meals a day -- washingjironingjmending, making clothes ..and. the odd .thousand cares of a woman with a large family one ets very littio timo to write even the letters that - should fgolo . friends.much less timo for thouoiit, to fur- . nish somethlnsr readable for the paper. But thorp is pno great thought that has been ro- voiyiog ana growing larger in my, mtna ' 1 5 , f Feb.'lCth,i875; ;", " . the-hydra-he- aded ' LETTER FROM ST. GEORGE.; t or-Teprov- o The Young Ladies' Mutual- Improvement Association of. this city; was organized on : the Cth inst., under the 'superintendance of ! Jklrs. I. Durrant and Mrs. E. Eastmond. Miss Hilary Eastmond wast chosen for President; Miss Emily Abel, Mrs. Phebe Petersen, Miss Jane Harrington, Miss Esther :Hindley, Miss Susannah Alston and Miss Henrietta , Henrior for CounsellorsrMiss El vina Mis3 aara:Wrighty assistant Secretary, and Mrs. E. Durrant as Treasurer. "It was thought advisable, to have a small .Fund for the purchasing of books, etc., for the (Use !of .the- Association, s , There wore ,Bixty-fiv- e jiames enrolled that day, and there MUOiothers ,who will jointhat ; could not then. Bishop. JU E. Harrington, Bros. , and others, gave ; Hindley, somo.goodiinstructions on the i object of tho -- Association .encouraging the young ladies to. go on In the good work, and, set; an exam-,ple to the young men worthy of imitation, t. An address by ;Miss 'Ef R, 6no w, to f the young, ladies of Pro vo, was then 4read from the ExroNENT, being very appropriate: to ' itho occasion. Meetings are to be; hed each . .We : alternato week. hope, to ,bp able , to say ; in the future a; good. work has been done, j which rpay our Heavenly Father grant, is the desire of your humble sister in tho Gos- Mrs. Mary Hindley. i pel - maKe - American Fork, Feb. 9th, Bear Editor; : . r-- " , j . ' a- - y. o re-vit- eat ; , ; :rT , - 1 