WOMAN'S. .EXPONENT.. matter whether she can utter half aTdozen remarks or not ifjnjis only:lsturining, according, tboderh parlancellUat. is the one gratd req u isite; sooreootb, women who desire, ro nm favor in tlie eyes of the other sex must j dress ia the; latest style, may tuns it, .and if they have their own ward-- robe, to took afterjhey fhavecertainly notimel to improve their minds,or cultivate their hearts,; because they must hunt up silks and laces, get. ready, for parties, return calls','arid go: through? all the round of fashionable life. Such women' are as nucn slaves as the: servant girl In the kitchei Whoever will lead out In a thorough . reform1 deserving of everlasting honor; but it win require inaomitaoie courage ana persevexv vnce. sisiers try to realize; the; Impbrtareo of 1 heir posUion in this (lay kmf sge Eeamber.In the comniencement,E.v led' Adam , a nd to this daysbe Is quoted as; the au'- Monday Morninq Septr6th, rreiidentfD.i H. Wells; and Elders Lorenzo Snow, Frank litt D. BichardFjJuDius Wells and others accom4 i payning them, started on- a tour through tho Southern settlements President XYoung with a party of ladies and gentlemenconsisting of relatives. and frienas escorted them on thelrl way as fat as York.-- ' They Intend firstfvfelting Sevier Cpi; and fterwardgo' South" as fer as St. George before returning home. fifWo withr them a eafe !and pleasant Journey, and t may1 abundant; success attend their miss!on7 AtJ meetings Sept Blchfieldlhey held, Two-day-s purine 9th,and 10th which were largely at tended - Miss Ida Cook Jof thiiicitysister-o- t Miss, Mary E-- CookwiU open: the High, School in Logan, Cache' Co: on Mondays morning Sept 20th Iier reputation as a teacher Is thoroughly estabiisbexliicWras slie has taught in- - difii'rent parti of the ty, also; i n Logan the past suni mer. She is7 ar young lady; of plea&iug man- ners possessing intell igenceiCuUnre and refine-- 1 kn ment and one infinitely calculate influence for improvement among thb circle1 where she associates.'' Miss Anne Dorohiu3,J daughter of Dr. Doremus of this city, will also at the" same time open a ward school in Logan iJ 1: Monday SeptI 50th ;fr p - V in--trod- uce ; , E. ; OMoxday morning Aug. :S0th, Miss M her Graded School in the So Cook re-open- past, a little jcal and some, enthusiasm may! counterbalano the scale and turn it in woman's' favor. - HttfE AFFAIRS. f ; t Elders Join Taylor, ' Can non, George. CanW went North Tuesday iiiorni tour' through ing, Sept. 7th, )n a preaching -- a nd A. M. Cache Valley. JJARaETTS' XiiiHNATiQN m " ry; yr- !: Pramatic Troupo are giving enterinuents through .the Northern settlements; repot says, to full houses and ' I T appreciative audience. . d ; A most releshing inil shower of ralnfcll Wdnesday Septf8th; cobli. and contribuing the atmosphere some.lttle the dust which ting towardiallaying has been flyirg in cTouithe past two weeksl The Excursion to Cche Valley which left SaJt Lake city Sept. 7th!was most thoroughly enjiyed by the participants most' of them the evening ol the 9th, having reali izedll the pleasure and Creation they antici: ; ,; trul? well-time- apypf re-turrin- gon 1 i pated . , . , ed cial Hall. - This lady i3 eminently qualified In all respects to iake cndrgeof ifscboor of thik" kindjhavirig had a long experience In. teaching; schools arranged after this 'method hf the East and herself possessing a Vuperior etlucatibh as well as all those rare and estimable qualities which are positively essential to persons haying charge cf teachers and pupils combined.!! As; assistant teachers, she has in jier, employment Miss Emma Wells; and in th e rriniary!Dejpart? ment, according to grade Mis Louisa Ashby in charge of Third Headers etc.;" Mrs. Camilla" C Cobb Second Readers etc; iriss Lucy String-a' yirst Readers Primers etc. Mrs. Gen; C A. Van Cort and I)r. Mary E. Walker, after, leaving this city visited pgden, where they were the recipieuls of much true 'eourtesy from the Bishop, President Richards and CI W. Penrose. Dr. : Walker delivered a lecture there upon "des5rrcformJ, Sho left . with the Editor of i the Ogden Junction the, copy of a letter written in and of Salt ALake City, for publication in. the.03wegq. Palladium. A part of this letter is published in Ihe Ogden Junction of Wednesday Sept. Sthywlth a few comments. We have a letter of Dr. Walker's written here, but have not suGcient space to publish It at present.. It is entitled "Towards The Setting Sun" ".Letter Number L Three. , direction . -- 'MjESSii Shepa id ft klonted musical geniten giving a sees of entertainments r us has TRIBUTE, TO THE MEMORY OF : : ' ELIZA A. FELT. in this cky recently. lb is a gentleman who has bad tx, benefit of ."tie highest musical cultivation, aj possesseVi most wonderful voice in its rangdnd compaa.'-n- e has (raveled exaa tensively, Visited 'ja-erEuropean' SoverHis eigns. Prammeconsistcd principally of' Belectio Read: at tho Meeting- of the 187o. 17th Ward, Aug. 5th, t wo Dear Friends, I feci that are glad to clasp the hand of friendship and love-- to look hpdn familiar faces, wo ' should think of one who ha3 left, us siccd our last annual meeting. . I ' remember so well how Semi-Annu- al " . al classic 1 - .; Madajie OciyiiiBtij,,,, Le :Vert,'who Is jil present Joun;;: jinia city Vcsl-. IaJl0?' aj i triau wiil give Iier Church Thur" anxious she was when r ire uot up that re port, to do better in the future, and in: a joking way told our President fcistor Hyde, .that if wo did not do better in the future wo , ought to be discharged; yet in one month , at Jay exenrng riiVeuler. .talumeut vul be. cr. , of teietUona ff0m htr uwn couipuiition ,3 a ,a of reflutjmcut bp. and an autbor of hag ilo a,. il 6b o eeased to meet wilh ua. I u closely in 1 : ? ? JVeryJittle pan. be said In a short article like! this iipn a subject which Is so vast arid com- , we would fain prehensye, but one item add, andthat is that woman can no doubt form in Very many respects, in herself and hers and in generalities. Economize ing time's one subject at present j very little thought i$ many ladies waste their own time and are ho i ndirect cause of others losing theirs, ant also set an example which Is exact- Iy at variaice with the spirit of . reform.' Wo-- , have great! man'a.jiand.influen weight in ils matter, and .those who are will ing to lead ?ut, deserve the reward they, are sure to obtln.; The complaint has already' been made iat there 18 enthusiasm in. this dis-agreedf- , . thorfcormanTs misery and degeneracy. associated with Bister Felt for over seven years in thor society, and wo never once perform iiig our labory which were constant and sometimes trying. Yesterr day beintho day appointed Ud prepare the report, I eduld hot but think of her iihd almost expected' to see her como in iwith her books, as had been her custom, to mako up tho Society accounts: y Yet I feel only wo aro the losers, she has attained the victory and tinguished people; ,was Intimately, acquainted with Henry Clay, and many other celebrities who have passed away! "vJ , 'J sen-eib- le - Gl waitkor beyond.i 1; cannonexpress my feelings aa 'P have handled! her bodksi arid U3 . exam i ned her figures,4 and ; knew . that - th o dear liand that wrbto them lies iti the silent She died early in thi morning on tholOlh of Jiino arid Was buried on th o e ven! ng .t of ? . tho ,20'th'j being Sunday? Calrtf nd beautiful was tho day when we laid her do wn to restl Uer funeralAvas lagely attendeel, and many hearts wero wrung byUier l6s3.b ShG looked calnx and lovely in her rest and merciful Death had straightened and smoothed away so many of tho caro lines on her face. I thought how1 great Is :4he reward which she has won. According to' the request? of our presldeiitj tho officers of Uho Society, namely; Sisters Hyde, Hey wood, Reeso,my-sel- f and Hother, accompanied her friends to tho cemeterr, and each ,of us throw s a bdii-uupon her coinn, thht as :tokens of our loVo they: might mlnglo with I her dust. : y she is' abseht, biifc: not forgotten; and as each succeeding ' Annuaii Day shall bring us together as a society, thought of her will bo witlt each of us, and . her memory will tie ever green, until! wo "again shall (meet her, where "tho wicked: ceaso": Irom I and tho weary aro at rest,V doubling : r ; ner sincere Friend; et To-da- ! -- ; ; ' - Mrs G.; A. ALDiiii!. L. CitV,: Sept. 0th; 187C. TS. - r , - Deak Editor: : 4 : - - , Being much interested In tho work ' now in progress aniorig tho sistert, and also" an agent ibr tho sExi,ONENt,iIJ'haVoioften thought Lwould liko to say a word through its colurnhs to all its numerous readers. In selecting a subject I have chosen - to speak of one who has gono behind tho vail, whoso lifo was that of a truo saint; I allude to our beloved Sister EllM irunt, wifd of Bro. John Thayne, who died on tho 2 1st of Juno 1S75: would like to remember hen to'.tho ExrbKEKT, sho was a subscriber from the - ; a commencement or it, and she often told mo eh o; would not bo wi t hb u t 1 1 for atiy th i n g, for sho Mi blessed . In ireadinglit.7 Sho always attended tho meetings in tho Fourteenth Ward when sho' could f idoy but was not ablo to walk there", and Was alive to ? every duty that : sho could perform1. Her only desire in Bfo was to' do good. - Before her death sho called for ber "oldest toy and told him she was going to: leavo him" that ho would soon havo no mother and hb vialicd him to obey his father, to bourb to "say his prayers; to attend the Sabbath school and pay attention to what his teachers said: Will you do this? she nsked. 3lv answered tears In his eye; and she coon fell ye, with ' asleep. Iier dcslro was to be put in a home-mad- e edfiin, and tor bo carried to her last resilng'placo in a wagon.' I Her funeral was attended by many friends. . Sho was a good faithfui'wifc, a kind mother, and a true Latter-day Saint, full of Integrity to her relig. . ion. Sho lived In polygamy about thirteen ycarijand her actions sioko luuder thuu VibrdSxaiHlo, and shor will reap. the rewind i , .; '. of tho righteous.' ' : First 'Ward. AP.G AFET C K ' : .:'-- . STEI . :; 