WOMAN'S EXPONENT 162 i , ; "Let tho caumm be left behind,"' said tbp Him who is altogether lovely: whoso yoke human prince,?' and let thesepoor fellows Is easy. ang whoso burden is light, who bo saved," And when one of his generals spake as man'n ever spake, let 'us offer 'a few remonstrated, ho added, " No, no; let it bo ideas on this subject, for the consideration For the Exponent. : OLD LETTERS. 5 Those letters I faded, worn and pate, But yet how dear, how cherished stilly For in their folds, full nupy A Ja0Lw&-Of years, their pages fill , have ordered. The life ponV ravo of such as m maii-i- s r better z worth Reserving lh themselves, "forth.6" sake "of righteousness :'! v land eternal life. , nieces of ordnance a.Never.writb a lotter4o a friend or foe, When tho French general, Moreauinto "cannon thus abandoned unless you have business which cannot bo wiinsfl hands" the ' motive which done as welHri some' jother had ifallen? learned tho or, unless wayj sacrimake to thd nrrSmnted the Archduke you have news to'cmunicateribiit,.i3 uo nce.-nworm nine or- - money., in tnis wav vou oruereu iu wuuiw w icawicu, bewill increase cbriMencMavestaget ; observing that he should.be unworthy of .INevof Write any .thing to-- frieriot or ing the opponent of his imperial highness if he took advantage of so noble an act of fpe; that yDu' are afraid to read to friend or foe, :fbr letters from 'a 'diltancQ, humanity. . especially . 4.. 3' i uuu twu 1L iuousuDu mnes, j are jjsougni lor WBITING LETTERS.' judge of menand thin ttsTyoure liable"' misrepresent ypfirseli; ydiir rHuntryt 'your FROJf THE IIISTOEY. OF JOSEPII SMrTH. l friends.1 afidiycmr'ene as-- . by-go- ne IS ,V;whIch bring to life, as once affala We read them o'er, memryjflull paia. They bring back youth, Its Jve, Its hope, The visions of ii snadWy' past, And as wo trace life's widened scopo And backward glances, hurrying cast : i We rathe? to pur hearts as then,t , Thd treasures ttiat'to'us remain. . : la jiving characters enshrined, Feelings and thoughts are here portayed; Which speak tho impress of the mind, By friendsbip or affection swayedj !, - r Troe Intuition of tho tjnie.'rr iif When we, and they, Wrc In our printf. : j u rv'. :; . ' weflivc ogahxin fancy'smaze, " Li Our vanished life, its sorrow, jpy, ; . ?;U We scan It e'er with wiser phaso Jiad AD our faculties fcttplojy li ,3, i i - T .fef Tho. ' r.iretheangu5li.iTftjay;.ya, iavain ourselves, we EhallJiot t . . ;;nt An earnest care for other's iwocs.' jrreserv tpes$ sacrea treasures men, flame of trustjinJ troth, " V In after years they bring agaln' t v ,' " .it sJtmtq lW -- af?ovafter: ae.-fci- opin jon:. onIy;,,on ono;1si(ieLof; thOi IhfivhAnpfit.ihf r f tho world. writing,. xvor the ocean, are spread kies life, like the outnpon the current of time, for tho eyes t)C the J risin? muititudfta tovlonk 'nnnn: And WhUe 1 jireated ?oi tolious T arathusuj Wessings and this, noble ;, enjoymentsiwhich-reltrfron- a:raean5tiop, - 4- - 5e .f ndersUnding,of anpthqr; aret;us ofl waom J;3P$3 language,41. mittoa- ori W. "V.Srr in.tttrjd.f ...,11 i not forget to view afdw of the curses and mischiefs which follow an " ;f ?.f " ' 0 .- otf-th- , 4 -- wv-i.A.- t- -- sva'm The graceland sweetness of our Such mossengers, no more to me,,' Come freighted o'er so tenderly. , , iAh I white JreJInger o'er each word,' . . To shapes of symmetry they're grown; In fancy are those voices heard, . . ' c O r P U Each by a subtle imlue'noo known; : &oA mm as ihen the hours beguile, With silent music, as erstwhile. March 9, lS75rr: "HUMANITY, JN WAB. iSthraauar bU t -- : plead Tor tHat true friendship which bestows, 4-lfvi- esta lielchMthV ; ' -- , art . . greatest blessings'. wo enjoy xu ylrtnouwaAr, may; riot .cbnHdkKtWy our iy it is our d u ty, and to; USo i t is dur privilegdj head is' tlndr tho sftfailfifak :6f 'iK&r-u --i -i of the meansthe: heart these t thoughts By can act without the body; and the mind can sDeak without the head;;whilo thousands ::at mile apar' andor ageaftcr!. mouiaeiea DacK to ns moiner ciusi.ojeiovea i reflectedn derbaveyouver is pf tlio'EMdanWiwilL' TrRth -li v- - " f pie, this, useful, this heavenly blessing ? It rLw.. " r c: imz ;nr $i s one of ;the best:gifts of God tto mah: and to enjoy it t ishe. privilege of man e Xord 'habeen writing.Mitho. word iP PTm v IP totions, be; of? the earthfrom ' handed; to the inhabitants become generation to, generations Bywntingthe J?rV eroXeDPQq-reeeive- d: f inventionsand knowledge of men have been r ; ? - i . . wf -- a s i r . e T , - V- . 1 i if 1 : . T.f j. 'JKtcalllng friends and Pccnes oT yore, Garnered away lq incmVy store.: ' . Ah I heeded we the'Aute appeal,4 ' .i a Or. thought of sympathy a need, - . W7to?:teftr and-yp- u j'uB?FL i ar fjia give.i i,lK and Pleasant while abuse rbf. this high privUegeTn! While we be- you merelyi:ito,ius,e.: r King feeiingsi an ttmalhelo bleed old i against hold what a sore, by prqbingt U ,.for mattcr a little fire kindles, simde,, great bipgihg.arju3,atat was urgent let uinot stand mute, him by.'tlio Catholic league, rpud flesh when onjyjwanted a little oil i to forget r jiret 1 lyayisp(i to tatehe city, by.assault before set a.betternexarapleii.when fwasee lthe Fom xaQ n?n" the", troops dally eipecfedfrpniuthe Kjng of slanderer dip his. rayen: j quill dn "gall, to person, iq iieai: puroj Spiin rCquldj arrive to .siiccor the .leaguers. blot the fair fame of some innocent pbr- - yoxir intentions may bet. no matter fib w high ,def ermiped. assault hte son, Iiet,us weep, for so will .the heaven'-- your standing is, Hy6u canhot' touch' rimnV knewtnatjb couty carry the, worksj Vbpfofe Ihim, but lie do, when the great men of the earth write eart when absent-as whenpresentuly, it! uast xo-"maiier;"n- Ib owt s ppeste .gaiiist; 9H' J(r . thbinpipal pf hu; Vott ionra n v.o?i. '... 01wjUoV,,'said'he: V'exposo tho 'capital raanity.. do riot cast your ;pearls beforeswine' i.Tr,!'10' J0?0 "l1:?!?;r antl the widow- as .mourn hila- this p1 Tou ?nW Pe for r9?01 Woriavani,ty is wrjittea .deception,Mo norrors oif iay...cgunitry. aiui; . leiiers pi . goia. uut epougni: ior tneuwick-- 1 rrr . ,.ipao miseries r.,, ,,7 n wich'must ' follow fjoyent I wil puc wn TO u"u. their p death iwarrant;and jw." show to my people that am their father j tho haUwriting U? so"1f of the Lord shall sweep"; away n the and I will follow the example of tho true rfifiitrb nf linj?-- Wp, aq th viiQMnioa f he become-Voii- r enemy. he cannot mother who presented herseli before blessed Jesus, are boundby every; consider. y.u: tlmJ yoajnay live, not only rrpspotted, ' Twill not gain' the prize thrbugh1 the" ation that make religion au blessingtto- - the P unsuspected; ; 'Jighter of ihnocent persons luuauiuuuf oi.iuo tiaria,,wniie we see tms i 4evvri XHlv wnai -- you,- wouia In time Henry reduced the city with th6 to have printed of:what migtof ashamed to set a more noprivilege abused, loss of but few lives. -- Ina subsequent' ble example.: Tq.do bur. business in more fend the chastest ear, 'or hurt ;thb 'softest , the: number' 'of the upon subject sacred way, and, as , servants' .of the t Lord, heart, ;r If ydu ;write whdt jtou areashattiedi If it wierb in my pow- that would slain, hd 'exclaimed be approved, n ; all: things, hide to nave printediyou :aro partial; if you , er, I would 'giVe 'dny thing trnt' my kingly no fault of our own nor cover any imper-- write, What would offend .yiHue, f ta have fection in others: neither; pffend,: Jesti We notthe Spirit 4df the Lord; and if youliaYC honorLtqTedeera .fJios.Q citizens,-and- . i'ou write" the satisitipV,' pf i io form ing posterity t hat bring a reproach upon, the great i cause. toT whar Wonld wound the' d you. Jfiad sutjdued Paris without spilling a drop buf holy Father.-,- - :; :.iV aref riot'feedirig'trlb U6M'a lainhiy M&l' thiis T'h . cf blobd.V iroilv vi jo, Mod to see menmso you may know that you are 'hot; doing: to .'i ?ft s pleasing r AVo have another instance. of chumanitv in thP blessings whicli Hp gave, them; and: 'not; others what you would expect others' ib 'Ao. thb wai-b- f 1796 letween Franco.nnd Austria, j abuse thcmJ- . For, this to you: The only rule '. we' WOUtA ivo 46 reason if: the ' relatCHl Archduke 13; .Charles, that abide in ih'a faith wherewith .thdv have recuhitb Writin'Bttters la thfsi Writb.wfiat It ipXitho hernia when jtq take, steningfrom should bb 'published in this' beep, called,- the earth shall . i yield iher .... ,'. of the near ho !.': k.'nv ,i'u': li.'.'J met, strianarmyf utuuatr, uuu iuo uicNsiugs oi neaven snail air worm, anu iu me worm ipcome. ivuu woum the scene tof a;la,to action, a large number of tend them, and thp.Lord will turn to them to God,' that not only the discipleV'df Christ; , wounded soldiers,both French and Austrian; a pure language, and the glory of God will but the whole world, were" willing to follow whO in the hastoofretrcat aud:pursuit,had again be.among the righteous on.eartluL All; this ruleTheTihe"comniandments would- been abandoned where they, had faiien. -- The things are for men, not men for all things. be kept, and no one would write a word only hbrse3 at hand which could possibly, bo Beloved brethren, before wo can teach the against the Lord his God. Nobno would write ; used jnrempying these helpless sufferers world how to do right, we must be able to a word against I1I3 father or mother.' No one' : were atiacnea 10 me artillery. do so ourselves. Therefore, in tho love of would write a word "against his neighbor. r . - - ;,-?.- t J-- ed-ar- - et fj P ;w e r , Soio-mon.- 1- FH :;1:"?? pe-exalte- con-vcrsaU- on : ; ; M . weak-h.barfe- . . 'v - I 1 1 r U. -- : ' - ' -- qoxa-ma- nd 'Jn-hwaVewilll- ng' ...'. . . 