W OMAN ' S E XPO N EN T . t: i ; could not enjoy life as they might bavv done. And so these Sons consider it an improvemen t on the oldstylfes to go atloQ radsTrefardles? of the connsi and examples" of toefl of pe'ri; ence and nnderstandi ng; and aiasltbp'jpftei ; artj God fliMself, Hisjaws and doctVina. Jef oiif'rtfQuestion; this selfatndwleclge be - Jilt ' " ' - Tr - tt t" '' i v themseivesJappiniia3c6nditional,rand it ble result in flourishcbestaildroducferfheln comftiffi&i Again the quesu,inay arjse, what :Js duty? One's own conscience if ithy have1 preserved it Faeredlyv will sust:!intuiti 'vlly' "wherein duty lies; and such a; conscience never Misleads or betrays; and haylng'Oils festlmony.Gjii , one's mvor they are as j3 to be. And possible jet many iwilfcteyou external circumstancesarehepromete pf hap7 pinessrkind frfendsand 6aFtri "and" health ; comesisoseu-suincieii- u disco-- nt to lime, $2.00; per month, $3.00. ' AUber&l r ,i"Vl regular adTertlsersV, and of Exponent". OfSce, fonwr 6outht Temple, jflrs. fcagle Cftta East street , a.m.' to 5 p.ro.'bn Tuesdays ana! Saturdays, r Address aUliflsIncf 'communications to v ppte 7"TVI7;rnbl;shers7TYotfA r T LAKE CITY, ; ) - ttenipted re inani gent iple;0practlcV5nysidan declares against girls and womeri filling the positions of s, clerks and compositor?,' to' jQllovf their befngf too much on their tet& :fHe; does not,, Perhaps; reflect that1 no reasonabler bb jectlon can be made to a person siuing a portion of, the time Jn occupying either ofthese 1 posAUpnsvrtJIe fluds:ino fault, howeferwlth"' a or J. woman itanding all day! over the wash-tu- b ironing-boar- d. No", these are generally' considered as wholesome' eXerd&es.1 lie does' no express any jcegret;thathis p wnwifei and more :.Uian half the: time, on dagersjend their feet, yera heated stove, .washing dishest and i:eejpipgt toe house i prtler. , Yet women of experience will .testify that: there is nothing more tedious and wearing than i these : never, household drudgeries. t r ending iinoted I ppiit iciah denounces the idea of wor r dabbling would 'f'prove ".corpting.'jijad degrating to her." Yet in h(s .own, ibopie, jwheri he . is pre?-e- nt 8carcean hour .p : $ . half.hour, passes in whichsome unpieasantness does ;not occuri He is constantly waging petty, i war-farwith, members of hi- - own household,yet is a profess-ie- d advocate for 'peace and, purity where wo-m- t in-do- or 1 1 jl, es an exists.'. The ut 8uppo.sUloa might arise, that he considers woman! has no right to an ton-arth at aHi4t., ,i tiit taVe, 'uch posit'(v' fianoX : o .They. know they aie fight!', There connot bei;a post of.their,ha adopted.! a Young 'mcri, not yet out of- their thirties if ,they ;have even know more than their fathers or grandfathera ever thought, of in'all their lives; aud as fof the aged aunt or grandmother who has been acquainted with the world arid itsxlp-ing- s for more than nine tenths of a century pooh! her experience isn't worth a snap of the fingers, no matter if her faculties are exceedshe known ingly 'brighfyndTiplm when-ypuwhat1 her 'Children's' thlldreii know now, the might '"have been J at least forty ycari younger than she jfs tolay.' The old sysr terns were all failacles," and the great wonder Is thai' grand fathers and 'g&nomotherv andVun.1 ctes and aunts ever' lived to oe parents, or to do .. any other good In the "world. . O ye&J young men of ay are thankful they are not like their they are ready, most pf them, to acknowledge that their fathers .were better men than they '.are. I. JSut those fathers were so easily humbug-- . Sdi .VjfJsF?)'alIy straighMacedithat they . ex-isten- co t PPPD'.eyve - en-the- m, -- hg to-d- fathers-were,-althou- ; natumlihatilMsgriftyOus seems!hardJy mis- - ndA:ClirkyJi.sunshIiiy gh eveningr and many That these ' ; bad some potr the gift ta fiw, a. blunder free us "..;.!' f.Aj ever Vfjio'f were the health and tQmorrpf may come. But f pnj& does not d?pnd jiipon any of these accessories for happiness"; only their duty to God and Hla laws, one may have comfort underiU'tlTeTari ces, which make uphe indiyid Happiness in my opinion, although- - still ,de- pendent upon onefs 'pMMoiM a personal matter; 4trbJ;ars2strong relations to all mankind., If tre inherent to-d-ay ; . Vt'vl5 f lyr,,: uch Jearnipg hatl qi mdde t Jieni m&&l mQrpplfcable to any class of peopje. than they are to , certain individaaJa of ourVdayl" O youngf men! better lesJlearolng and more humility,' less theory and more wis dom; better for yourselves and for- the world if souls to reverence, God more and you bring : intelligence grasp other theircongeniajlpeniteoljnprea burdens, analstieivetorcsrsjof happiness, as weilaslrgeitmjih capaeffier for the j-pu-if .Hi W to and - 8uperiprityiles;tty-hft-7- thelrie3pses mindst53rypih and to associatebm . your own sources pon ... ... ' Toseeeurselyes ajiltbersseeuar It wad Ira mony - of hem. A tKe clearest obscure or (Be sky, misfortune take one ma be in perfect away wealth) may n, t-j- aoonlight-- MMmg cioudau'fstwr ; 4tOb day"," 'oteY-biitwar- d with them pleasqrajenjoinenfs Js .perhaps 4rue, but therisfiofnlaTiency 'in any'or all I ? they parade inother peoples eyes, while showing oft their brilliant ideas to their own they would be too much chagrlnedtp have 'any! desire ever agai ii to repeat the process, an- - would surely ' begi: at once to amend their fault, o rather to rid themselves fcherebfi: Ah! they would be more1 chary ef their treas ured gems! of Bcholastic lbre fnthe TutnreV.1-- ds bmiisa at the hajtlsejfe f satis-factio- IfesVinihTlivesri dry-goo- . a- - '.Lit generation, remarkabJetntonsislcncfare school-teacher- pito( ; '6uak6tu4nit'And) but once realizp what displays of ighorance NOoM this day of reform aW Eve-T- in 1 coifldi such ha CRITICISM; i t".''lvvi-riiJTjrr.- c Were it the weak, shallow and narrow-mi- n ed only,1 who fal);tinto this error, f the tnem' Tfpuia oe mucn less. : iut jojiowiuT-mthe 'same train," are foand large:herted, genern ous and talented young men:rvsons of npple and for this; lamenta.bleself- gifted sires, who--bconceit--woul- d he models of;rel jexcellhce; It take should Jbe jijaade by hard thiukfers and pr64 ' HALT if , concerning .what really const! tu tea ppplhess, that one is 'puzzled someiimes in the pursuitr by not understandjn exa.c.tlyw.hat they: want same. Happiness mgl! pense for ywork; i oneViabprs. to do good, although their efforts may often fail or they may be unappreciated even by those they most to benefit, yet the result should always be conducive to happiness ;b their knowledge'pf ymseitHeli own individual nature ; beepmes disciplined and their courage strengthened. : They can perchance discern wherein the failure was in part udue to themselves, and that; may inspire them to n : greater and more sublime efforts. ; some 3rm certainly Happiness basis, requires some fundanaentat conditions, and yet the criminal, the ' cowarif the wretch, who preys upon society or thepockets of h is; fellew-memay have his own idea of the pursuit of happiness, even thouhi he has no tight to It.1 But perhaps their ittenW.insUljcfsre satisfied, and that con8UtHl;it)iey''.i'q1theiri inconi ifif O sistency terrj. happiness. tt , But those Whdlfisle the sublime joy of duty fulfilled, who allpw.triir hearts to expand In the truest benevolence and love for their who the condition must he upon the broadest road in the pursuit of happiness. ; In .what fUl wa can one become' inost success- aimoktr universal upalion7hcr jnlhis shall tell Jus? ' do-si- re There are smingly as many roads to take in 'this fascinating pursult aslhere are individual minds ia existence. ) And is there a professio' which has so many earnest votaries as.this attractive n- f ilt ialhemonomanla'of all clasps of socileyy all ranks' and. Tages." From to the sobn-athe faculties of the child degrave, as -- the-cradle- ! s velop; the iniad readies out afterthat pafticur lar object which sues if self1 ai prputtiv of" happiness arid nhcbnsclously one becoinea' m iro ur..... less Iaosoroeu. accowm 10 ine Condi . ? i n, : . I .. ? upon under this The great preator seems to have implanted in man this instinct to search after happiness. Is it a shadow or a phantom, eluding one at every turn In life, and shifting' and changing with every crook and angle in the rugged and un- certaln pathway, bright and glowing Jn the distance, but vanishing at the near approach of the real? Is it an ideal pastime that can nev- er be made subservient to the practical individual organization? Can one have1 any correct, conception of an Ideal that has not;a! real? Must not every' ideal of the imagination flow from the existing real. Fancy conjures up pictures injhemlud, but; all tnese picttiresJiave their realities I lit embodiment some: shape; or form.. Fant;yVereles"fmm the real there-- : fore an ideal happlntss is oaly symbolical of the real, true, genuine cin. We know- it exists, but where or in w hat guise,' and what course to pursue' to attain it Is the grand ques- ' V tion. There arc so many different Ideas In the wor all-prevaili- ng -- : - ' " ' - fellow-being- s, seek-taameliora- te of-othe- rs, i HOME AFFAHta The new and, substantial iron,, front of the store is pow bein put'up, and thet rooi .covered wjtp, metal; i::nrn ELbratW'. C. Staines Age nt for the peretu: at from; iaF3ven!0fir: YorkNov'th' In coodl Kew heai'th' ami spirits, having concluded bisiabofs" v V for the present season. f Cp-operat- jve 5 1 Emigiobod,! - 1 MgtTlKGS IK the Kew Tabexnado have been discontinued for the winter, and . hereafter; will be held in each wrard meeting1 house. and !he 