,. ; 1. V A' TBIRUTE OF AFFECTION, ': .... ,.)'.:MY ' ' ' BIRTHDAY. EH OK II MOOTER ; - , Dear Motberl hear tho kneU of time .. Proclaim one more with measured chfmo ' The day of joy, ibat ffave thoo birth Anions the noblest of the earth; When prophet and Insplredmen: The rriesthood hold on earth again. To Joseph Smith the anfireJs brought ' truths thy fathers sought. The self-am- e theiri this privilege was denied ; To ' Without the Gospel they hare died. For thoo has been reserved the rijrbt, This precious boon of Gospel light, - Ordained before this world had sprung i From chaos, ther worlds among, , ar - -'- f " Oh . r . ' After Dinner naps. Many persons are in the habit of sleeping for half an hour immediately after dinner. Tea minutes' sleep before dinner is. worth more than an hour after. It rests and refreshes and prepares the system for vigorous diges tion. If sleep is taken after dinner, it should bo in a sitting posture, as the horizontal position is unfavorable to healthful digestion. Let those who need rest and sleep daring the day take it before dinner instead of after, and they will soon find that they.will feel better and that their digestion will be improved thereby. . , - Tour Lovixa Daughter, r - M. A. F. ' " :. ' Suet Pudding. One cup suet, half-cu-p molasscups sweet milk, three cups es, one and two flour, spoons baking powder, one cup raisins one cup currants; butter the pan and steam two hours. aid one-ha- lf one-ha- lf Chocolate Custard. Prepare chocolate with a quart of milk as you would for the beverage. When this has boiled sufficiently to quits dissolve the chocolate, add a tahlcspoonnil of cora 'gtacV thinned with milk. Havo beaten two eggs :as4 a cupful of sugar, into which gradually pour the boiling; chocolate. : Return the whole to tho fire and boil Ions enough to cook tho eggs, say two mi nutcs, stirring constantly, don't forget a pinch V - of Silt.' Preserving Gooseberries. Among the many ' ways I have tried by way ot experiment, to keep gooseberries for winter use, I have finally decided the following to be the best, surest, and least expenditure of money and time;:p gallon of dressed and washed berries in a porcelain kettle with just enough water to avoid burning until the steam urns tho top ones whito, over which sprinkle two thirds of a cup of brown cover close sugar, and set over a brisk fire. As soon as they boil up enough to tlizWy cook those on top and melt the ragar, spread upon plates and set in the sun to dry.; (Ths juice must b3 turned on with tie her. nca).- - Turn over with a knife; a few times dur. beia t As soon as dry, I cat ths - " - . " tlevPf oven, U aved ths rosaTUuy cf fI wc. v HYGIENIC KOTES. 1 . C-'- ,Tq Prevent Lamp Chimneys from Cracking. Put the chimneys in a kettle of cold water and heat gradually until the water boils, and let it cool as gradually. As the heat from the lamp flame becomes more and more intense the chimneys will expand and contract without causing them to break or cracfc Rural New Yorf er. ; HOUSEHOLD HINTS. : ' . " J Stewed Va delicious stewed. They should be placed in strong salt and water to free them front insects, after 7 which they should - be carefully picked over, the ' water drained off and then put into a stewpan with a lump of butter and a little pepper and salt; a few minutes will suflice to render the cress quite tender. A little vinegar may ba added just before serving, but this must be according to taste. - then bo truo . . 7 To all the covenants thou hast made? Thy life has been a mixture more of shade. : Than sunshine. Yet for the everlasting truth ' Of heaven, embraced by thee in youth , The afflictions of the saints thou hast shar'd Thsir sorrows thou hast seen and heard. " When driven forth by human fiends, Among their number thou wert seen ' Rejoicing in the Ood ttt love, -Who suffered this, HU Saints to prove; For He h&d said "they must be tried As gold when seven times purified." Ilusband and child were burled too, In the fair city of K uvoo; And there their preclotM forms will lay, . Until the resurrection day ririnOT forth the spirits of the jostt Those who In Christ have placedthel r trust ' Whett trying scenes thou wert passing through Thy jfaith most firm, still stronger grew That God In power and mercy would These trials over-rul- e for good. ' And 0 what blessings are in store . For thee with many thousands more Of faithful saints who yet may stand ' Upon Mount Zion's favored land. No eye hath seen or mortal heard What Jesus hath f er those prepared , Who've humbly sought His will to do And kept the faith loyal and true. May'st thou, dear Mother lire to know Manx more pleasant years below. May thy posterity Increase In goodness, purity and peace, And In the great Millennial Mom Badinnt as stars thy crown adorn.' For kindred dead. .; egga Uttlo saltand swestrnjlk enough to form a soft dough; roll half an inch thick and bake in a shallow pan 15 or 20 minutes; have ready two quarts of fine fresh strawberries; split the cake, place half the strawberries between and cover thickly with white sugar and cream; put the other half on the top and cover in the same way; siz6 X)t m serve as soon as done. Agatndgleriouawprktodo f .1 ' . covered nearly cool pack in stono jars, and if well, ana uca tiicy wui teep iur A. 1L Southern Kansas, May, 1875. Stra wherry ShdHcake.With oaa quart of sift- ed flour mix thoroughly "two teaspoonfuls , of and onoof soda or the equivalent of cream-tartthese in baking powder, rub in a bit of butter the . . Work as a Remedy. Br. Dio Lewis says: A lady has just feft our rooms whose case illustrates an important idea. Ten years ago sho was an invalid. Her malady was obstinate, and at the end of a year's treatment a consultation resulted in the opinion that h?r case was cerebrospinal irritation, : from which &hs would "probably r never recover! ' : Six yeajs ago her husband 'died. ; His estate proved insolvent.' The wife engaged in an active occupation to support her three children. In a year she was well, and has remained so ever since. There are two million dyspeptics in America : Nine ia ton of them could be cured by work r .Awealthy clergyman from a neighboring ' Stated assured us that ho hid spent eight years and thirty thousand dollars in seeking a cure fur his dyspep- - sja. Ho had traveled everywhere and consulted all sorts cf doctors. We arc afraid ho will never for-gius for tdling him that six month's hard work would make u well man of him. " - ve :.. How He Lived Ninety Years. "With a good appetite, three times a day, delicious sleep, not an ache or pain in tho whole body, the mind all the time fully alive to what was: going pn in the world, and all thetimb in good spirils.' This was said cf the lat3 Thorp? cf New York. It is added; ; ; He retired at nine, and ipse at tk", taking a nap m the forenoou, and sometimes in the afteruooti breakfast at eight, dinner at- one, and tea at sundown. In suitable weather he spnt a greater part of the forenoon ia bis garden directing his tten. them, and f.r a short time in the afternoon he was employed in the. same way, ,H2urcd no spirituous hy?.-- . but tool; chii-t- . wia ' ' rvcry day at disncr. ' .. or Tliera are three thinsrs here noted, which if per sistently carried, out ia early life would do . more ithau all others towards giving all an enjoyable old a age,' viz: regularity in eating, abundant sleep, and ' rair.. "large daily exposure to two or three times a 7: rReguIarity in eating, either, . day, with nothing whatever between meaLs, not an fttnm of anvthinsr. t would almost banish dyspepsia in a single generation; aslfrtquent eaUng is nho cause of it ia almost all cases, especially 11 ; irregu- irV:.:T . ,wlaf and fast. 'Z.i.. chudhood .make Abundant sleep and rest from of reguinsufficiency nervous diseases a rarity-'tatbe well of lar sleep, and insufficiency rest, may of all sudden deaths, and a tributed nine-tentout before the; age of sixty ' premature wearing, or years. AH hard workers, whether of body oufc' the of brain, ought to bo in bed nine hoursis required, "not that so much sleep twenty-fbu- r, observant but rest, after the sleep is over; every reader knows how the system yearns for rest, after positive gain of energy a good sleep and it is ' ix to indulge in it. :r":yz1 i:. Every hour that a man is out of doors is a positive gain of life, if not in a conditipn of chilliness, air is pure; but pure air is the bscause no natural and essential food of the lungs, and the purifier, of the blood, the want of which purifica. tion is the cause or attendant of every disease; while every malady is alleviated or cured by an air. If city wives and daughexposure to out-doters would average two or three hours every day in active walking in the open air, it would largely add to the exemption from "debility, , sickness and .domestic disease, and would materially add to tho life. Ruenjoyment and the average duration of ral New Yorker. out-doo- . o hs ) rr v z-"-- in-do- or or EVE'S CURSE, 13 IT NEVER TO BE REMOVED. Mrs. Einiiy B. Spencer, in her first letter to tho Exponent has said: "I think a great deal of the strong minded principles of the Gentiles are creeping in among us." And in tho second letter, speaking of the Woman's Rights movement in tho States, sho says: "Some of their ideas aro good, some are simply ridiculous,; and some aro pernicious and directly contrary to tno gosthempel. The idea of women educating excel-, selves practically, and mentally, is lent; while to encourage woman in wearing or imitating the dress of man is ridiculous, and the theory they uphold that woman is equal with man, and has just as much of a a right to govern mau, as man has to govern woman, is wrong." Now, how aro wo to judge what portion of the strong minded principles of the out side world, Mrs. Spencer thinks is creeping in among us? Hay wo not hope, and havo we not occasion t telUvb that it must be the ono correct principlo to which 6ho alludes, a higher typo of education for woman than she has been wo:it to consider necessary for hor to obtain? I havo never known of man's dress for woman, or anything approximating there: ., having "been advocated among Latter-.- ' iy Saints. Nor is it tho opinion of any 13 believing the' true Gospel, so far as I u ;i n ware, that woman should rule or govern uan. But accordiu0 to tho tcachiugs of our best recognized authority, overy good stand as a counselor to her husband; not to direct, but to counsel in righteous ' ; wife-shoul- a!-s- o; 11 ess. (Realizing tlu truth of those words of tho ancient that iu a multitude counselors of t!jf?re is safety," tho above ;bJ U one reason why our thuory, prul. whole .hear t I YifpjOus aro willing to. ex p.-yphe- : d - t, , -- c-.- J " -- 