Saints. of Latter-da- y VV M A N ... .... 'S EXPONENT.; ... ... ..... 55 . , and some,way,of making mo- - k fore me; and ne was exceedingly lemmino at sixty; my lips are-- ! tnis one. and? pretty. ;. Mrs. Stanton is likewise n rievhat is herbwriT There are a number of . innocent of the tasto of .liquor. Was not ways oha fafpa that this cati be done; if One that sweet evidence of the power of a sinpretty woman, but Miss Anthony and Sirs. find '. a?mindt6 them. F have a friend. has Livermore are lx)th plain. Maria and Jam gle word? Yet that was but half. "For . or has all she who the butter rather said he, "yesterday there, came, into my Porter w'cre women of high brows and irsells, all thb money she getsfor it, for her oWri; counting.room a young man of forty,, and :, regular features, as was also Miss Sedgwick. she 'does with it as she pleases and. accounts Anna Dickinson has a strong masculine face; asked J)o you know rae?" OCoVVell, for it to no one; and ier husband (sensible lvato Field has at I was once brought driink'into your pres- though !y ' t all th inks not ana no means ence would I stowo n it were a one,: Mrs.. right.;. give ybii man) pretty passenger, gn a snap to make joiy husband a presen t bough t bo to the Captain kicked me aside; you took in e positively homely.- AHc thought with the; money I hadrby iharexertionsT to your berh,iind kept me,! till I had slept and Tecee Carywere both plain in features, coaxeJfrom: him ; Who would? I He per-- x otrthe intoxication; ; Then you asked Ine if though their sweetness of disposition added haps would not see what I wan ted with it.' . I had a mother: I, said I never knew a word greatly to their personal appearance. Mar- I do uotrwant'i tottelT-him- garet Fuller had a splended head, hut lior from her lipS; you told me of yours at; tho just then,- therev does he y features were Irregular and she was' anyfore lam tlio master of ?nptthink I need it. Perhaps garden gate, and I (dpnHbut I notice Jhat the- slippers I got one of the finest packets in New York; and thing but handsome, though sometimes hi the glow of conversation she appeared albottoped.withuitVan gave, to him, on, his :I com to ask you to call and see me." ; " or Christmasrwcrc thought by him most radiant. Charlotte Bronte had won- birthday How far that little candle has thrown its dark-brow- n toHbe aU ri h V beams! God be thanked for the Almighty t drously beautiful eyes and a d hadevef got along without them." Had. J was small to She perfectly-shapehead. power of a single word. told him at the time'what I wanted of the diminutiveness, and was as simple in her 'Oi manners as a child. Julia Ward IIoWo is a money, half the pleasure" of receiving and ' WHAT WENDELL HOLMES OLIrER all the pleasure of giving would have been woman, wearing an aspect of SAYS OF DRESSES.. LONG . gone. grace, refinement and great force of charac-teri- n ; her face and carriage. Laura Holloway "Suppose you are out in company and the Oar landlady daughter is a youh lady ladies are raising, a "little, private fund . of : resembles Charlotte Bronte both in personal to some wears She jof their bwn,; pretentions a gentility. appearance and the sad experience of her which back well bonnet head her ;; her upon life. Neither Mary Booth nor Ma- woman' fe'etpe:'m)elie;d to say, I yoiing ' is known by, all as a mark of high breeding, would like to give something, but Mr. D. l rion Hailand .can lay claim to handsome She wears her trains very long, as the great has got the pocket-booand he is not faces, though they are splendid specimens-oTo be sure their h ere ! cultivated women, while 3Iary 'Clcmrricr Don't you think Mr. D. would feel , ladies do in Europe. v so to made are dresses Ames is just as pleasing: in her features a rather mean over it when she went home only sweep the tapfloors and of chateaux and estried her writings are graceful and popular.'-- . and told him about it, as she would be sure palaces; ; ; those odious aristocrats of the other side do - tO do? .; Mi K. n. y. ' not go dragging through tho mud in silks "How many men can we pick out who . and satins, but forsooth, must ride in coach have every kind of improved machinery to es when. they are in full dress. It is true A WOMAN SEVEN TIMES WEDDED. help along their work, who are every, now various of the habit3 the and then buying some patent right concern, that, considering ' American to people, also the little accidents of no use themselyes or any body, felsje,"" The : Syrarna (Del) , Times reports the which the best kept sidewalks are liable to, while the wife doesn't have any; of the marriage on the 30th of June of Mr. Benja-:-mi- n not has a wiio a lady swept mile of them is Abbot to Mrs. Mary Pratt. This is tho, helps there are fur her sex often not even one a would such condition in that a washer and wringer I 1 can find plenty seventh time the lady has been married,; exactly " to be confound But care her the each timb except the first to a and neighbor. such. Would.it be so If she hnd somp of : we ' women .loose have i turned ...: borno never i she has the money to spend? any children, though in our streets! Where do they come ' .from! had1 large families husbands successive "Does not a woman look : better with a her 'J, Boston but .1 of Not trust, (Why parlors, neat dress; nico collar and a bow of bright by.former marriages. . t r : there Isn't a beast or a bird that" would " drag rlbbonthan' with the dress minus the collar Mrs. Abbotts names havo been eight- in 1, these the tho tail dirt In its way and bow? Still, if she had asked'you to through all Mi3s Williams, Mrs, Truax, Mrs. Fur-creatures do their dresses Because a queen get them, you would probably have told J row, Mrs. Biggs, Mrs. Wallace, Mrs, Berry, or a duchess wears long robes on grand , ocher it was 'all foolishness having such fixinsV Mrs. Pratt, and , now Mrs. Abbott. Tho . casions, a maid of all work or a factory girl she could do just as well without them.' iady and her husbands have always lived in thinks she must make herself a nuisance by The woman who never has a little money tho same locality, and each ono know the for her own use soon gets tired of trying, trailing about with her pah! that's what I jothers all their lives. Mrs. Abbott is upcall getting vulgarity into your bones and and then is pretty; sure to go to the other ward of seventy years of age, and ha! marrow. ; Making believe what you are not extreme. Give mo the woman that carries ' been a widow for five years previous to her is the essence of. vulgarity. Show over dirt her; own ;pockerx)bk,;;and the man who last raarriage-th- b longest term of widowis one attribute of vulgar people. If any thinks it is all right for her lb. do so. hood she ever experiencedShe always can walk behind these women and. see man , Aukt Patsy. had a presentiment ihat slm would liavo as they go, and cot feel rake what up they "Pleasant Hill, Iowa. ' seven husbands, but is doubtful if much squeamish, ho has got a toagh stomach. I i was ever said about this to her former part- -' would not let ono of them into my room ners,:or'If they .wouUThavc liked con Versa' without serving them as David served Saul A SINGLE WORD. :tioh on this subject.5 At all events the pro at the cavo in the wilderness cut oiL his sentiment has come true', hut fs surely 16 a me truo ever Don't skirts. tell. that lady The following touching story was re-,bo hoped that tho lady will not have . any sacrifices the duty, of keeping all about her, cently told .by a gentleman in Boston in .more.. ; rr ;!,.. Vi" sweet and clean to "the wish of making a delivering a temperanco address. r . t i wonH believe it of a lady. show. vulgar fr42Wt'm I'm A mother in the Green Hills of VerThere ara some lithings that no fashion has a mont, was holding her son sixteen years of J l right to touch, and cieanllness. is one of Intellectual Culture. A culti vatcd as mind was the he about to ' ago by may bo said to havo infinite stores of right hand; those things. If a Woman wishes to show leave her, "mad with the love of the sea.' innocent gratification. Everything miybo1 that her husband or father has money, which As she stood thuvs 'by the garden gate made interesting to it, by becoming a sub- she wants and means to spend, but doesn't on a sUnnymorning she said: "Edward, ject of thought or inquiry. Books, regarded know how, let her buy a yard or t wo of silk me for I never saw the ocean they tell -merely, as a gratification, are worth .moro; and pin it to her dress when shb goes out to that 'the great temptation;vofTa seaman's than all tho luxuries on earth. A tiste for ! let her unpin' it before sho goes but walk, life is drlnk.Prbmisevme, before you'quit ' literature secures cheerful occupation for f . i" 'i i'-'v into the. house. ' d and languid hour3 of life: you r mother's hand, that you will never ana now. many persons in. tneso hours, for drinker MAnd, said he, for he told me the whole story, I gave her the promise and I want of Innocent resources, arc now im. BEAUTY AND BRAINS. , went. the broad, globe. oyer Calcutta, - the How many pelled to coarso pleasures? can Some newspaper writer reviews the lamen be found Mediterranean, San Francisco.1 the ;Cane. of young who, unaccusGood Hopelhe North and South polo I saw mentable truism that literary women are tomed to find a companion in a b jok, .ifj. them all in forty: yearsand I never saw a seldom beautiful. Their features, particustrangers to Intellectual activity, arc almost filled maswith glass driven, in the long, dull evenings ovvin- larly their foreheads, aro more or less sparkling liquor, that my - ter, to haunts of intemperance and ice,i- mothers form by the, garden 'gate on. the culine. : But there aro exceptions to all r i s X of .Vermont, did not rise be- Floral Cabinet.! v green rules, and Miss Landoo was an exception to pocket-boo- k to-da- y, : '"' . 3 J . good-lopkin- g ship-boar- d; - 1 ' - . ; tb-da- ; " - . - ; ; , fine-looki- , . . k ng , : i- - - : f I k, , t " '. ' ' ". . ' ' . : ; . -- ? ; , 1 make-believ- e - " . - , - . 5 : . " - ..- ! . ''J . - : -- -- J ; I v- - " i f ' t j i . I - . I , f'l . ; ; v : -- -.- ! .i the:un-eriipIoye- . ; , hill-side- - 